DEATHS. On, the 6th ult,, at 6. Mlyrtle-street, iAverP0ol. Sinmon, the second son of thle late Jeremiah WVoods. Esti.. formerly of Swillaud, near Ipawvich, and nephew of the late Charles Keene, Epa., 4, Suasex-place, Regent'spark, London, aged 42. On the 19th ult., universally respected and miuch regretted by a large irele of relations and friends, George Hutchinson, of Wisitton House, Dhirhaso, and Brunton, Northumberland, Esq., aged 66. a Dleputy LUeutenant for the former county, whilch honourable rest he held feo the last 53 Years of his life. On 'Wednesday, the 28th uIt., at his residence, Hlighgate, near Birmingham, in his 86th year, Thomas Colmore, Esq., the oldest representative of one of the ancient%Vanwickshire families On the 28th ulIh, at Harleyford-place, Kennington. Surrey, Mrs. Elizabeth Bmrn aged 69, widow of the late Henry Burn, Esqrr of Salsbuy~s~uar.Fleet-street. - t ~ o On the 29th uilt., at Alderley Edlge, near Manchester, in the 93d year of her age, Eliza Adolpha.youngest daughter of the late Mr. Thomas Plitermon, formerly of Rotterdams. On the 29th nit., at Joshen Bank, Relso. in the 8Sth year of her age, Mary Anne HepbiLrue, dlaughter of the late Robert Hepburme. Ep1., of Clerkington, and relict of the late John Swinton, Esq- of Swinton. On the 31st uIt., at Leytorstone. deeplyregretted, Eliabeth. relict of James Johnson, E'q.. late of Yorimgland, in the county of 14orfolk, and formerly of the island of St. Vincent, West Indies. On the lst inst.. at Mfeophan.pask-, TnnbridIge Kent, the residence of his alilicted father, Charles He.arring, aged 28. t On the Ist inst., at Doasley. D. Addison, Esq., of Maidenhead, aged 75. On the 2d iast , at the Elms, Tunbridge, Kent, John Clarke Clhaplin, Esq., in the 50th year of his age. On the 2d anst.. 3Mrs. Mary Ann Gracie, of No. 11, Marylebone-street, Piccadilly, aged 62. On the 2dxint.. at Richmond, Surrey, George W'ear, Esq., in the 53d year of his age. On the 3d inst., at Barkway, Herts, Henry anmpton, Esq., in the 77th year of his age. On the 3d iast., at 'O. Hamilton-terrace. St. Johnse-wood.road, Elizbeth Harniett Bell, aged 53. On the morning of the 3d inst., Caroline Margaret, wife of Mr. William Archibald Thomson, of 252, Oxford-street, deeply regrettesj On the 3d inst., sutddenly, M3artha, wife of M1r. WiUiam Reeres,( f No. 50. Guildiord-street, Eussell-squarze.
THE :ATIONA OCIETYFORTHE'EDUCATIOS- -OP THBE .?BOE.. - Yesterday the annual mneeting of the Nlationsa Society for the Edecation of the Poor in the principles of the established church throughout England and Wales, insti-. -tuted 45 yeazs ago, was held in the Central School of the society at Westminster. His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury presided; and among the gentlemen on the platform weze the Bishops of Oxford, St. Davids, St Asaph, and Lincoln; Lords Redesdale and Itadetocl, e Rev. Lord John Thynne, the Rev. Sir Henry Thompson, t'e Rev. Sir Charles Farnaby, Sir Edwin Pearson, Sir G. Baker, Sir Thomas Phillips, the Dean of lNorwich, Arbhdeacons Sinclair and Thorpe, Dr. Wordsworth, Mr. W\T. Cotton. the Governor of the Bank of England, Mr. F. H. Dickinson, Mr. Ber&sford Hope, Mr. -C. W. Puller, and Mr. Harry Chester. The meeting wva but thinly attended in comparison with those of recen' years, and the proceedings were characterized by less of a controversial spirit. The Archbishop of CANTERBURY, haviig opened the business with p^,yer, proceeded to say that they had met as .usual in oraer that the friends of the societv might have an oppostunity of hearing the report of the proceedings of the managing committee for the past year. He trusted those proceedings on the whole would be regarlled with satisfaction. He did not mean to say there were not some Circulnstances connected with the present position of the society calculated to occasion regret; but certainly there was nothing to discourage its muembers in the present aspect of its affairs. It was somnetimes said that the question of education had not been brought sufficiently before the public; but he thought; so far as it had been made the subject of discussion, it had been amply shown that the plan which tlis society began many years ago and had continued down to ttie prsesnt time, and which the Government took up in substauce some 15 years since, was considered to be the best by which the great objects of education could be promoted-he meant, by giving public assistance to voluntary exertions. (Hear.) Various discussions had taken place on the subject in and out of Parliament, and the plau to which he had just referred appeared to have settled down into a principle which was generally recognized and approved. At the same time it shouldnot beforgottenthattliere niightbeplaceswhere the amount of voluntary exertion was of necessity so small as perhaps to render a relaxation of the general rule in that respect desirable; and in such a case it seemed to him a much mnore reasonable thing to relax it than to change the whole system, tried and approved as it had been duing L o nany ye3rs, for some\ other- which had not been tred. (sear, tatr. ) So far as he could judge, he thought he could say that the great object of education was being successfully pursued throughout the country. He triisted there were few placesin the rural districts where a school was not within. .the reach of the inhabitants generally; but he feared it was often otherwise in large and poptlous places in which the population greatly outstripped the imieans of education. If schools had increased, as he believed they had, still more certainly might it be said that the tojne of education had u_proved and was still improving in a remarkable degree. thecar, hear.) It had been said, indeed, that the quality of education given was so good that in many places parents -had been induced to take their children away from school in order to avail themselves of the profits of their labour before: they could be said to have received sufficient education. That might, perhaps, have been attributable in a considerable degree to the great demand for jivenile labour occasioned by the late war. It was reasonable to presumne that that demand, so far as it had arisen froru the war, would now be greatly lessened,and that they would be able to keep the children of the poor longer at school than they had hitherto been of late. His Grace concluded by calling upon the secretary to read the report. The Rev. J. G. Lonsdale, the secretary, read the report of the managing committee for the past year, of which the following are the more material portions. After adverting to the withdrawal, by the advice of the present Home Secretary, of tho Queen's letter, authorizing coLections in churches on behalf of the society, which had deprived the -society of an amount of revenue exceeding 9,0001. a-year, they state that since the last report the treasurer has paid a,8591., voted by the committee in former years towards school-buildings reported as duly comnpleted. This outlay bas aided in the erection of 185 schools, providing accommodationforl9,149scholars,togetherwith89 teachers'residences. During the past year 212 schools have been united to the society, making the total number of schools in union 10,648. The committee have been engaged in considering the posi-tion of the Training Institution for Mistresses at Westminster. The number of applieations for admission has of late years gradually decliRned. This result is mainly owing to the increased demand for mistresses holding a Govern*ment certificate of merit, and capable of securing for a school a share in the Parliamentary vote for education. It has been a matter of deliberation with the committee whether, considering the reduced number of pupils, they were justified in continuing the institution. Bet, since' the training schoolatWestminsteristhe only institution atwhich persons of mature age can be received into training, and as the number of applications for the services of such teachers still exceeds the means of the comniittee to supply them, it has been determined to keep open the institution for a perind of two years from Midsummer, 1855, on a reduced scale of expenditure. In order, holwever, to afford encouragement for acquiring a }:nowledge of the theory and practice of teaching to 2persons whose habits, attainments, and character render it probable that they will become efficient masters and mistresses of schools in rural districts, the committee have offered exhibitions of a limited amount, to be distributed by the agency ofthosediocesan orlocal boards which mnay he willing to contribute to the exhibitions thus to be awarded. The society's organizing masters have been occupied during the last year in visiting schools and in conducting harvest-meetings of teachers in the dioceEes of York, Winchester, Exeter, Lichfield, Llandaff St. David's, and Worcester. The committee have p>rovided a spacious and convenient saletoom. for the society's depository. The increase of the business in this department rendered an enLargement absolutely necessary. The receipts of the depository for the year 18a5 amounted to 12,778l., being an' increase of 808l. over those of 18a4. The number of students in training last year at St. Mark's College was 69, of whom 65 were- eligible for examination. Of these 34 went in for the first, 22 for the second. and 9 for the third and highest examination. The number of certificates obtained wvas 5a7, producing for the college a sum of 942. The system of graduated examninations, extending to a third year, has now received atrial, and appears to be agreat improvement upon the former practice. The third examination is entirely optionaL. A choice of subjects is also afforded to the Young men, and three of the candidates on this occasion selected the subject of language (Latin), four that of higher mathematics, andtwo that of physical science. Of these seven w.ere sucecessful, and one obtained the hig!hest honours. Those who fail retain their former standing but do not improve it. The applications for masters at St. Mark's are still very numerous, 159 having been received during the past year; and though the salary offered is not in every case adequate to the just expectations of a trained and certificated teacher, yet all the young men who finished their termn of residence last Christmas (30 in number) are provided wjith suitable appointments. There are now Ststudents in residence, being the largest number since the opening of the college. The usual Government examninations connected with the Whitelands Training Institution v,ere held at Christmas, at which time there were in residence 41 pupils who had on a former occasion obtained a place on the Government class list, and 52 pupils who had spent at least one year in the institution; making a total of 93 candidates for certificates. Eighty-four of these pupils were successful, and not one of the nine pupils who failed in the examination had passed thirough an apprenticeship as a pupilteacher, At the last exzamination for Queen's scholarships 60 candidates presented themselves, of whom 48 were successful. The totalinuniber of Queen's scholars nowinrisdence amounts to S5. There are also 19 other pupils in the institution. TheflatterseaTraining College continuesto prosper. Five years have now elapsed since the existing council was organised, and during that time 201 students have been. sent out fromn the institution to take charge of schools, 112 of w hom were trained for twvoyearsand 89 for one year. Of the whole numuber 163 have obtained G overnment certificates of merit. With a fewr exceptions, the whole of these 201 pupils are either engaged in schools for the education of the poor, or are employed in occupations which may he considered as not inconsistent wzith the object for which they have been trained. After expressing their gratification at the rejection bythe House of Commons ofthe resolutions oneducation proposed by Lord J. Russell, the committee state that they are more and more persuaded that a system by which - efforts animated byareligious principle are stimulated and encouraged holds out the surest hope of a continuance of that steady advance in the number of school-buildings, and in the quality of instruction given therein, which has marked the efforts of the church of England duringthe last 20years. and also affords the best security against any violation of the trusts of those schools which have been provided for the education of future generations in the religious principles which the Xational Socioty for nearly half a century has consistently maintained. On the conclusion of the report a discussion of somelength, but little public interest, arose, at the instance of the Xev. Downves Willlis, prebendary of *VeDls, as to the propriety of putting the report formally to the meeting for adoption in the ordinary way. It appears that in the early years of the society it was not customary to ask the members at the annual general meeting to sanction the report,-the committee, from whom it emanated and in wnom the ex;ecutive power of the society resides, treatin it simply inthe light of information given to the generaa body of subscribers as to acts done, Sometimes, in late years, -the practice had been to put the roport to the annual meeting for adoption in the uiual way, hut that had been abandoned for thereason, given yesterdayby theBishop of Oxford, that it was thoug,ht the moxing the adoption of the report favoured the notion that the annual meeting had the power of directing the proceedings of the committee -amisapprehension which the committeethought was likely to be attended with inconvenience. In the course of the discussion yesterday, Mr. Willis stron-ly contended for the observance of the usual practice at pufihcmeetings of putting the report to the meeting at large for adoption, as a mode of elieitin' the expression of the opinions of the members ,enerally as to the operations of the society. lr. Harry Chester, Mr. Dickinson, and other members present took a similar position, but the Bishops of Oxford and St. David's, Lord Redesdale, Mr. W. Cotton, and others held a different opinion on a construction of the charter of the society; the Bishop of Oxford suggested that the opinions of the meeting could be sufficiently elicited on a formal vote of thanks to the committee, a view in which His Grace the chairman eventually concurred, and the report, which met with general concurrence, was not put to the mneeting, nor -was any vote of thanks proposed so as to drawforth any expression of opinion. Some discussion, however, ensued on a statement made incidentally by the Rev. Mr. Willis to the effect ihatthe Bishop of Manchester hadstated'thatone-half of the schools connected with the society vwere receiving the money of the society, while they were violating the condition on -which they received it by not teaching the Church Catechism. The Rev. Mr. BuVRGE$s, of Chelsea, adverting to the withdrawal of the Queen's lettery-Tenuinded the meeting that the society had employed the greatest part of its resources in promoting the building of schools, but had never appropriated any part of its funds to the regular yearly maintenance of schools; and he tbought, inasmuch a the a ovemmei7nn,yitif jIb ei~deprv theioie:ofeah U'9co ;e,Ot00 or 10.0004. :,-eaz,riit woula -be-Ut reasope 4at UJic bitldin' ~of. chooisI -whoUy,-or mi-n eoniierable pab ld-betrnfersel from the. society tothe Coitte of-Priiy 6uciL Mr. MA.RtY CHniaSi dtEaohuirr l - tha many clergymen in the country were-notgencraJly aware o the advantages to be derived in the shape of gran;s from the Parliamentary fund for advaucing the cause of education among the poor,and it would be exceedingly desirbla if those avantages could he made more widely known, a. well as the conditions on which they might be received. H3 suggested that it might be worthy the consideration of th:c executive committee of the society whether, instead of expending their monoy in grants for building schools, a considerabeportioofit 3 ht not be more advantageously a4pilin stirring uhP the clerg.ymen and inhabitants of poor an; apatheti¢ paris es to make endeavours to raise thelr schools to a state of efficiency which would enable them to ask for aid from the Barliameuta.ry grants. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. Mr. LsYow reminded the meeting that there was a numerous class of nmen in the country who did good service in the cause of education. but who had a conscientious objection to receiving aid from the Committee of Privy Council. It was not denied that the aystem of instruction pursued by those men was in accordance with the doctrines of the church. of. England, though it might not be the system which the Committee of L Privy Council approved.- He trusted that, in the event of any change in the dispensation of funds towards the building of schools, the claims of that class of persons to a participation might not be prejudiced. He thought the charge made by the Bishop of Manchester-as to many of the schools in union with the lNational Society not teaching the Catechism was likely to operate disadvantageously to the society. The functions of the National Society were in a transition state. It might be a useful orgauization as a centre, bht it did not appear now to exercise the intluence of the church, nor to represent the church in the degree it was supposed to do, and which it was desirable it should do in order to its comnlete efficiency. (lear, hear.) The battle of the church of Eingland, which was coming on against constantly recurring schemes of latitudinarian education, would have to he fought with direct reference to the doctrines taught inl theChurch Catechism, and unless the =ational Society was prepared to sup,cort its Catechism it would be worsted in the ght. (HIear, hear.) Tord REDESD,LE said, by the withdrawal of the Royal letter the society had lost 9,0007 or 10,0004. a-year, and the important question now was how theywere to make up that great deficiency. There seemed to be some misa>pprehensionx as to the powers of the executive committee of the society inl reference to teaching the Catechism. The grants once maade, by the committee for building schools wvere gone. The comn- nittee, when they made those grants, could only insert in, the trust deeds the conditions on which the contributions were given and received, but they had no power to enforce the fulfilment of those conditions, and could only leave it to the honour of those who receivedthe money. (Hear.) TheBishop of OXFORD said, it was of the lastiinportance that they should know whether or not the Church Catechism was to be the basis of the instruction given in all the schools connected with the National Society. He had never heard an opinion in the committee the other way, and hebelieved it to be their universal feeling that the Catechism was honestly taught in the schools which were in union with the society. The society, however, had no power to investigate the trath or otherwise of the allegation as to the Catechism not being taught in many of the schools. It was not as if they made an annual grant to aTschool, and couald, therefore, call on the conductors of that school to show that the conditions on which the grant was madewere observed. The fact was, as had been rightly stated by Lord liedesdale, that they gave certain sums for building schools, and they had afterwards no power over those schools. It was a matter of good faith to teach the Catechism on the part of those who received the original grant, and aUl that the committee could do was to treat it as a matter of good faith, remembering that they were dealing with members of the church of England. (Hear, hear.) The RLev. Sir Hx?my TnO31soN said, the statement as tothe Catechism not being taught in the schools was not made from any personal inquiries instituted by the Bishop of MWanchester, but on the authority of some school inspector. llis (Sir H. Thompson's) belief was, that it was not a statement made by any inspector who had authority to inspect church schools at all; and hewoaldput it to the meeting whiether a statement of that kind was worthy the vrery grave consideration which the rev. gentleman (Mr. WYillis) was alwavs pressing upon the society. In all the dioceses where the society had made inquiries on the subject they received sat-isfactory answvers that there wasno ground forthe imputation conveyed inthe statement in question. MEany of the bishops had not thought it necessary to make the inquiry requested by the society, because, as he apprehended, they had such confidence in the clergy that they would see tothe Catechism being taught in theaschools as to render an answver unnecessary. (HIear.) Sir T. PrrriiS also defended the clergy from the imputation of not teaching the Church Catechism; and, after a few words from l3lr. W. COrrO2; and Archdeacon SL'~ CLATh, the subject dropped. Sir W. P. Woed, the Rev. J. Jennings, Archdeacon Harrison, and MIr. C. W. Puller were elected to fill ap the vacancies in the comamittee retiring by rotation, the first three being re-elected. 'On the motion of Mir. DrCScsON, seconded by the 31ev. M&r. 3i&ow, a vote of thanks was passed by acclamation to his Grace the chairman, and the meeting separated. _
DATINVG OF THE TITHE COMf UTATION EXT- CH.ABG.E TO THE EDIfOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The effect of the proposition of "HE D.," in his communication which appeared in The Times of the 29th nlt., would be to abolish the established principle of rating, and to substitute an intricate and'possibly an impracticable imode of assessment in lieu of one that is simple and intelli ible. ciia the principle of assessment prescribed by the Parochial Assessment Act were strictly adhered to, and the different rateable hereditaments were assessed at tne rent at I which they might severally be reasonably expected to let, an uniform assessment would be the result. What the titheowner has to complain of is that an exception is made in his case, that, instead of his being rated at the net rent at which the tithe rent-charge nmight be reasonably expected to let, he is assessed on the gross income derivable from that F source. The following examples are subaitted for the purpose of exhibiting the effect and the practicability of applyng the principle laid down in the Parochial Assessment Act respectively to a farm, to gasworls, and to the tithe conmutation rent-charge. The accuracy of an assessment might be tested by deducting from the gross income all compulsory outgoings and apportioning the residue or net income between the owner and the occupier. In estinating the annual value of a farm 40 per cent. of the net income is appropriated to the tenant as profit, and to include interest on the capital employed by him, anl 60 per cent. to the proprietor, to include rent, tithes, and rates. In regard to gasworlcs, railways, and the tithe rentcharge the net income is equally divided between the oconpier and the proprietor, o0 per cent. thereof being appropriated to represent profit, and 60 per cent. for rent, tithe, and rates. In the cases referred to the rates are taken at 4s. in the pound. The gross annual income of a farm (principally arable) I being . .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. And the assumed outgoings for working expenses, seed, and incidental charges being. The net income would be. 40 per cent. thereof to the occupier, as profit and to cover interest on capital .. .. £46 0 0 60per cent. to the proprietor for rent, tithe, andrates .720 0 0 Deductratesat4s. intLepound .. .. 120 0 0 £. .d. 2,500 0 0 I,seo 0 0 £1,240 0 0 Aunualvalue, tithefree .. .. .. .. If subject toatithe rent-charge of .. .. The net rent or rateable value would be . . G.kswotxs. 60 0 0 12 0 0 .. .. S080 0 £ s.d. Gross revenue .24,172 0 0 Assumed outgoings for coals and lime, labour of distilling, wearand tear of retorts, and fur- naces. .£'2953 Less residual products .4601 Cost of distribuition and statutable allowances, say £2,700 - 11,052 0 0 Net income .£13,20 0 Occupier's share, so per cent. thereof .. .. £6,560 Owner's share, 50 per cent. .. .. 6,560 Deduct rates at is. in the pound . . 1,093 Xetrent, orrateablevalue ofworks and mains .s£,467 0 Tin RIn-r-cHArOS. 0 Gross titlse conmnutation rent-charge .. .. Compulsory payments (actually found to be chargeable on a tithe rent-charge of £600 per annum: Repairs to chancel, andiprocurations .. .. Queen Anme's Bounty, uuder Gilberts Act .. Parsonage-house. rated Eeparately, being 4s. in E s. d. .. .. 50 o O £6 0 0 76 0 0 theponud on .Z3.6 0 0 Collecting, 5per cent.. 25 0 0 Statutable allowance to curate .100 0 0 * . .... 213 0 0 Net income .237 0 0 o Oper cent, for the tenant's share ..£143 10 0 iG per cent for the owner's share .143 10 0 Rates,atslninthepound. 21 5 0 Net rateable value .£122 5 0 This mode of testing the accuracy of an assessment enables the tenant's profit, the rent, and the rateable value to be defined under any variety of circumstances; for instance. areduction in the amount of the annual outgoings wouldi show a corresponding increaSe both in the tenant's profit anl therateablovalue,vhereas, if the grossincome were exhaustel by the outgoing;, the obvious fact wrould be exhibited] that in consequence of there being no residue or net income, there coald be neither tenant's proit, rent, nor any rateable value. r am. Sir. y our verv obedient rervant. 1 AYTON COOK. I SSeyinour-charniUrs, Aaelphi, June 3. - C LA)-& M s.-LrvEooxL, Wednesday., The Canadian mails were taken out this morning by the Anglo-Saxon screw steamer, which had on board also 141 passengers and a fua cargo. The City of Baltimore Screw steamer sailed to-day also for Philadelptia, with 43 cabin passengers and amas cargo.
TO THE EDITOB OP THBE TIES. Sir,-In your report of the proceedings at laying thefoundation stone of the Wellington College you omitted my name from the list of the governors present. There are reasons which lead me t4o beg that you wll be: so good as to rectify a mistake, in itself of no importanceo whatever. Your most obedient servant. E. S.. GLEIG. War Deparmelnt. June 4.
REPOrIT OF TRa EM3GnAnON OomssoxEts.-- The annual report (the 16th) of the Emigration Commnismissioners is just out, inthe form of a small blue-book of 200 pages. It sets out by showing the progress of emigration. fron the close of the "Peninsula" (ontiental ?)war to. the end of 1855. During that pexiod oF 41 years no less than 4,293,765 persons left their country to seek a better fortune in foreign parts, but -of these 2,621,609, or 61 per cent., have emigrated during the last nine years The emigration. was inconsiderable for manyyears after the close of the last. war. The annual average between 1816 and 1830 was only 24,582. In the next 1.5 years ending with 1845 the averagerose to 78,099, the largest emigration having been 128,344 in. 1642. In 1847 began the Irsh "exodus," which in eight. ears carried away from the United Kingdom no less than ,4,14,802 souls. The largest emigration (in 1852) was 368,764; in 1853 it fell to 329,937, in 1854 to 234299, and last yearto 176,S07. The Lrish emigration fell from 150,203' in 1854 to 78,854 last year. Thus while the decrease in the general eniigration in 1S54 was 12,29 per cent., and in 185552-05 per cent., the decrease in the Iriqh emigration, amounted in the same years to 32 23 and 64-95 per ceut. The causes for this decrease (in Ireland) are mext investigated. The influence of the "Kinow-Nothing" party in. America will not alone account for it;* the real causes are to. be found-1, In the diminution of the population Whenceemigrants are drawn; and, 2, in the more favourable posi- tion of the lower orders in Ireland. 2,000,000 souls, ornearly 1-4th of the population, quitted the island between 1841 and 184, andthe consequence wasa great demand forlabour and rise in wages. Under these circumstances it is not surprising that emigration has fallen off. The amountsremittedby settlers in NorthAmerica to Ireland amounted last year to 873,0001., makmnga total of 8,393,W01. remitted. since 1848. The preponderance of emigration is decidedlyin favour of the United States, 2,323,312 hlaving gonethither in 21 years (1835-1855), while only 729,982 settled. in Canada. The emigration to the British colonies. has, in fact, been almost stationary for years. Canad&. is, comparatively, a poor country, and can absorb. but a smail number of immigrants annuilly. The mortalityon board Aimerican emigrant ships last year was very small -only 114 deaths out of 53,505 pessengers. The emigratioi. to Australia has greatly declined since 1854, having been. only 52,309, agrainst 83,237-n decrease of 3715 per cent. 28,016 persons emigrated to Australia last year under Go-- vernment auspices, including 8,542 adult males, 13,574adult females, 5,248 children, and 652 infants. Of these 11,600 went to New South Wales, 6,418 to Victoria, 9.94T to South Australia. 19 to Western Australia, 26 to Van Diemen's Land, and 6 to Neew Zealard. In 1854 the Government sent out 41,065 persons. The raortality in thc Government vessels was slight. Many complaints hava been made in the colonies of the Irish women sent out, and their emigration has been arrested, on the distinct declaration of the Government of South Australlathat it was betterto send no single women at all than Irishwomen of this class(almost allRomanists. 'Theirreligionalone operateaasa bar totheirobtaining employment, somuch dothe colonists object. to it. Yet the comparative necessity of sending out r- sufficiency of females to counterbalance the influx of males has been always urgently pressed on the home Government; by the colonial anthorities. English single women cannot be obtained in sufiicient numbers, and the Irish, it appears, are worthless. "They are not," in short, "what employersof labour desire," and they are consequently left banging on the hands of the Government as a drug in the market. Their ignorance and untidy habits are probably objections. additional to their unpopular creed. The working of the Passengers Act of last year has hitherto, been satisfac. tory. The emigration to Canada last year amounted to. 21,274. The prospects of unskilled labourers in that country are not promising at present, but skilled labourers and. farm servants have a good chance of finding emnployment at good wages. Little occurred worthy of notice last year as regards West Indian immigration. In closing their report the commissioners draw attention to the considerablenumber of emigrants who returnedto the United Kingdom; last year (nearly 13 per cen;t of the emigration); of these_ 18,402 returned from America, and 4,419 from Australia, mostly possessed of money. .PEACE CEI, rION a~ A Rinu.r. P,Pisir,.-The. restoration of peace and the anniversary of Her -Majesty's birthday were celebrated with all the honours in the village. of Ewelme on the 29th ult. All the labouring class, -whetherliving or working in the parish, were entertained, after theold English style, with various amusements and excellent. fare. 112 cidren assembled in the schoolroomi, which was beautifully decorated, to partake of tea and plum-cake - and 325 men, women, and young people dined together hi a; spaciousbarn, hungover andaround withevergreens, mottoes. symbols,and banners. Mr. John Franklin superintendedthearrangements of the happy party at the school, leaving the. cbair at the barn to be taken by the curatc, tbe Rev. T. R. GiDan, who -was wel supported by Messrs. Wiliam,. Joseph, Octavius, John Lane, James Prowse Frankline, T. Newton, T. B. Greenwood, and others. Falljustice was done to rounds of beef and plum-puddings, andthe noise of busy knives and forks was lost in the strains of the Watlington band. After grace the chairman gave "The Queen," with all the honours, the band: playing the national anthem ; "The Army a.nd Navy,"' " Speed the Blough," "The Ladies of Eweilme," "TheRev-: Dr. Jacobson, the Rector," - "John Franklin, Esq., and thc Stewards of the Committee, Messra. W. C. L Ross, Ei Rudge, E. Fudge, jun., Rev. G. White, Rev. John Ballard, &c." Several excellent speeches were delivered by %fr_. T. Newton, WV. Franklin, T. B. Greenwood, JoaepkFranklin, &c., together with a speech, fnll of good feeling, by a working man namned Green. .After the chairman 7e theband, with some lively airs, uickly grouped two dinciDg parties among the young, tLe elder people looking oml conversing pleasantly together, as theyuaffed their ale.. 3nmple provision was le.ft to send portions to the sick ansi infixrm and the more naecesslious families on the next day.
I?ABLIAMBNTABY INTOLLIGBB ElOUSE OF COIMONS, WEDDY, Jr., 4. Xhe SPEAim took the chair at 12 o'clock. 'The foUowing private biLs were read a third time 'Brough and Eamont Bridge Road Bill; Crystal Palace ComVpany Bill; Oxford, Worceeter, and Wolverhampton Railway (Additional Cpital,&c.)Bi;and the Wandsworth and Putney Gas Bill. Petitions in favour of the Tenant-right Bill were presented by Mir. M'Evoy, from the undermentioned -marishes:-Castlegordon,\Nobber, Danthaughlin, Drumconizath and Ardagh, Rutsath, Shein, and Stamnullen, Currachee, and Rells, in the county of Mfeath; and from Clare Abbey and Klone, in the county of Clare; by Xr. IIE.SCHY, from Athy, BaUymore Eustace, Castledermnott. Kilcullen, and NTaas, aU in the county of Kildare; by Mr. Swsrir, from the parshes of Crossboyne, and Clan-morris, in the countv of Mayo; Dysart, Tonghboy, and 'Tessara, in the county of Roscommon; Townagh, Kilinocknllen,Achonry,Ballynakill,and Klilross,in the county of Sligo; by Mr. BtxRAy, from the parish of Kiltohart, county of Leitrinm; and fromthe townof Coothill andparish of Drumgoon; by Mr. SumaviS, from the mayor, aldennen, and 'council of Kilkenny, and from the parish of St. Patrick, }ilkenny; by Mir. MAGiRnGs, from Ragh , Cape Clear and Shirken, Aghina, Rathcormac and Gurtroe, Lislee and Abbeymahon, Queenstown and its vicinity, Kildorrery, -iidleton, Lisgoold, Saleen, Dononghmore, Fermoy, 'Timoleaue, Ballinrostig, Clomnun and Kilcorney, Monaminy, Clenor and WalUistown, and Aghadda, all in the cony of Cork; by Mr. BlEAGIER, from ;illenaul. and 3foyglass, county of Tipperary; by Xr. M`LutoN, from the parishes of Bree, Killanne, 'Templendigan, Lady's Island, Carne. Tacnushane, Ballyanitty, Ferns, Kilcombe and Kilbride, in the county of We.xford; by AMr. F. SCuLLY, from the parishes of Gal'ballyand Cahir, in the county of Tipperary; by Lr. HUGhIES, from the parishes of Cashel, county of Longford ; and from (Ibstieraghan, county of Cavan; and by hlr. DxEAsy, from Nesmarket, Rlatbbazy, Ardfield, Ballyvourney, Castlemuagner, Cloyne, KRihnahon, Conna,Eilnacobea. Clonakity, Skibbereen, Rosscarbery, all in the countv of Cork. Petitions wvere also presented in favour of a renision of the authorized version of the Holy Scriptures by Mlr. BAIES, from the congregation of Mill.hill Chapel, Leeds and by iMr. HExr wOOD, from the Glagow Unitarian Church and the London District Unitarian Association. Petitions were also presented by Mr. DEA.SY, from the zuardians of the poor of the following unions, viz. :-Clona- dilty, Bantry, Castletown, and Skull, all in the county of Cork, aoaint the Scotch aud Irish Pauper Removal Bill by r. 1.. D.VIEB, from the parishes of Llanfihaagel-yAtrad aind Trefdlan, in the county of Cardigan, against the total abolition of church-rates; by Mr. MOwnsu=v, from Ryton, against Sir W. Clay's Church-rates Bill, and the amendments of the Government; by MIr. HIEYoVOOD, from the Upper Chapel congregasion, Sheffield, the GIlasgof linitarian Church, and the E itish and Foreign Unitarian Association for Cambridge University and collefge reform; by Mr. ALEXArNDEE H.ASY, -f'rom Glasgowe, for the total abolition of the liquor traffic; from wroranen of Messrs. Gilmour and Roberts, WYalter iMacfarlane and Co., Mr. Charles Penny, and W illiam Crab' and Co. of Glasgowv, praying for an act prohibiting the arrestment of wvorl;en's w ages; byCaptain (SLAvD.iTON (2), from Devizes, against the Wills and Admmnistrations Bill; byv Mr. MLAC .E, from the guardians of the Nor.h Dublin Urnion, against "' a bill further to amend the acts for the more efiectual relief of the destitute poor in Ireland; by Mr. SeOOMnot, for the repeal of the grant for endowing the College of dlaynooth, from the incumubent and congregation of St. Bartholomew's, Birmingham; the Very Uev the Synod of Mlor.ay, in Scotland; the Protestats of the parish of Eildallen, Diocess of Edmnore; the W aesltya Mhethodists of the borough of Newbeury, Berksa the Protestants of Arrhagh, Diocess of Eilmore- the Edinburgh Augiliary to the Scottish Protestant Associatioa, the Leish Auiliary of the Scottish Protestant Association, the Scottish Protestant Association, the parish of Btnchory Devenick, in the county of Eincardine; the miister actd CoIgregation of Christ Church, Birmingham; Starden Grangye and Bingley, Yorkshire; MEr. WV. Farrand, one of the magistrates for the county of York; Over and Loer Darowen and Blackburn, in the county of Lanctaster the nartih of LoSghosley, in the county of Borthueberland teckenhaoo, Kent, the parish of Rawreth, inthe county -ofssex; the Kirk Session of Strachan, Kincardineslhre ScotLand; the Presbytery of KEwcardine O'Neil, Scotlandthe Piev, the Synod of the Presbyterian church in Englandalso, against Snday bands on the Lord's Day from hE onley in the West Riding of Yorkshire; Pebt orth and Marston Sitca, Glocestershire, and by Wr. HaDFIELD, from Protestnt Dissenting ministers of Glasgowi , against the Education (Scotland) Bill. iQUTIRY ISTO THE AUTHORIZED VERSION OF THlE BIBLE. Mr. iE WfOOD gave notice that, on Tuesday, the 1st of July, he whoud move an address to the Crown, praying that fer Mxajesty will e graciously pleased to give such direc-'ions as to her may seem meet for the appointment of a Royal commission to inquire dito the state of the authorized version of the Bible." INTERCESSIOAT FOR CRI3E-ALS. Mr. H. DEUW MOND gave notice that, on an early day, le should make a motion having for its object to relieve the Secretary of State for the Home Department from the importnlities to w hich he was now subjected on behalf of criminals sentenced to death, and whereby the decisions of -courts of justice were oftentimes set aside. GRAND JURIES. Mr. BOW-ER brou-ht in a bill to facilitate the despatch of business before grand juries in England and Wales, by rnabling the foremen of grand juries to administer the oath to witnesses, instead of their being sworn in court by the _ryer. The bill was read a first time. TENANT RIGHT (IRELAND) BILL. MIr. G. MOORE, in moving the second reading of the abovenamed bill, said that it was a measure representing the claims of a larger class of our fellow-subiects, in refer-ence to interests more material and essential, than any other bill that ever vwas introduced into the House of Commons. Before hon. gentlemen undertook to measure the extent and nmount of these claims they ought to consider well their subject, object, and character; and in criticizing the provisions which this bill proposed, they should take into account the nature of the evil which they sought to remedy. In the first place, what and who were they who made this demand; They formed a fifth part of the whole population of these kingdoms; they were a fourth part of the labouring classes of that population; they formed a third of those who held the spade and the plough; they were half of the men who vwielded the mnusket and the sword; they were the hardy and stalwart descendants of an ancient race, who once held all 'he lands of Ireland from sea to sea-who were deprived of those lands by forceand frand-who had been trampled down into a peasantry by the malice prepense of law-who had been deprived of a middle class by express legislation. (Hear, hear.) Whey were willing to abdicate all recollection of past rights orpast wrongs, they abjured all intention to regain with the pike what the cannon and the sword had won, and all that they asked in redress and reparation for the past was that, looking witha large and earnest consideration to the peculiar circumstances of a case which Parliament haditself created, Parliamentwouldhelp them by special and apposite legislation that out of the life of toil to which they were born-out of that labour which was the wealth and strength of nations-they might be enabled to create a new property in their country, a new class in the commu nity, and a new compact round the throne. (Cheers.) Whether that object could be attained without infringinI the rights of property-without loosening the bonds of society-without tampering with the principles of the constitution-were all legitimate subjects of discussion, irrespective of which it would be vain as well as unreasonable to expect anyquestion to be dealt with bythat House; but that in a country like Ireland, in which land and labour were plentiful, and capital scarce; in a country in which gentleuien and peasants were, perhaps, both too naunerous and -the middle classes far too few, every encouragement should be given to the investment of labour, every facility should be given to enable industry to raise itself into a position of respect, was a proposition the truth of which every sound thmker would recognize and appreciate; and it would be most unjust and ungracious to insinuate that the Legislature had shown itself indifferent to these high and important considerations. (Hear, hear.) He thought that that House and that Parliament had entitled themselves to the respect and gratitude of the Irish peeple for the good disposition and patient assiduity with which they had applied themselves to the solution of this question; and they had no reason to doubt the good faith of the Legislature towards a principle and a project which had been recognized in the present Parliament by the solemn acts of successive Ministries, zeverally representing the opinion, the -character, and the honour of both sides of the House of Commons, responsible to their Sovereign if they misled the people, and to public opiion if, for any unworthy object, they paltered with the powers th3t were confided to them by theCrown(hear)i hot thought, therefore, that hemight not unresonoty opetea theproositon hic h' now9 unrasnaoy opetnt te ropsiion wvhich be now produced, to effect objects which were admitted to be wise, beneficent, and ex dent, would not be met at the outset byobjections of dal, or questins of extent or degree. Hlear, hear.) This was a question 'which was beset with difficulties, in which tho wisest and the ablest aight solicit forbearance, and in which any man, in the peculiar responsibility in which he stood, had a right to ask of others, abler and more experienced than himself, for counsel - and assistne rather than hostility and critici.m. (Cheers.) But if this were true generally in the discussion of a great -ocial question, it was particularly applicable to the circum- stances under which he now appeared before them; and, as many members-it was useless to blink the fact-as a maJority of the members of that House might entertain grave -objections to the bill as it stood for second reading, it was right and necessary to show how it came in this shape before the House of Commons. In connexion with the measure there were three parties-the petitioners for rights denied, the opponents of those rights, and the Government of the country-not merely the existing Administration, but as -epresented on both sides of the House bythose outof whom 7the Government of the country must be constituted. Now, the Governmnent of the country had solemnly declared that i would tend to the improvement and better cultivation I of the land in Ireland that provision should be made i by the law for securing to tenants the proper benefit of expenditure, either in capital or labour, made by them on the land in their lawful possesson; and that it is expedient to provide compensation for improvement in ccrtaiamses for outgoing tenants. n These were momentous admissions. It should be obscrved that they did not relate to a question of political privileges or adjustment of machinery, which depended upon time and circumstance, and which might with justice and propriety be withheld on one day and conceded on another. It was a question of material justice, of property, of therights of deservig men, arising out of expenditure in capital and labour, the proper benefit of which the Legislature declared ought to be secured to those who made it, but which the legislature admitted was not so secured, but was appro ted by those to whom it did not of right belong. (ear. hear.) Surely, then, it was the part of the Govermment of the country-not on one side of the House exclusively, but of both-to limit, to define, to decide without delay a question so crueUy affecting the vital interests of classes who so needed and merited their assistance. But the noble lord at the bead of the present Administration declined to have anything to say to a question which he admitted to be of the gravest interest, or to assist in the attainment of objects which he declared to be wise, salutary, and expedient. Ho would not say that in adopting this resolution the noble lord was abdicating the functions of Government, nor did he allege that the Opposition in declining to assume his responsibility were failing in the duties of opposition.Buthe did assert that,comingforwardas he did, in the admitted default of those who were responsible for the settlement of the question-appearing onbehalf of the claimants in an admitted claim, it was not open for any professing to be favourable to the demand generaUv tosay th at he was claiming too much or going too far. hat would be said of a debtor who refused to go into the account of a just demand, on the allegation that he did not owe as much as the account claimed? (Hear.) If the noble lord at the head of the Government were prepared to take what the lawwould regard as the proper course msuch a case, if he were prepared tolodge in court the amount that he thought due-if he were prepared to meet his (Mr. Moore's) bill with a biU of his own for the same ostensible purpose, then, indeed, the noble lord would be in a position to ask the House to reject liis claim as exaggerated and unreasonable; but, failing that, he thought he was justified in asking the noble lord, and every vwell-wisher of the general principle, to enter into the account with him and give him an honest audit. (Hear.) It might be argued that to go into committee upon a bill of which so large a portion was not likely to meet the views of a majority of the House would be inconsistent with the dignity or prnotice of the House of Commons. He would remind the House of the course which it took on the Ecclesiastical Titles Bill, upon which it went into committee on the avowed understanding that the whole measure was to be abandoned in that stage, with the exception of one clause, and that one subjected to amendment and modification. Surely the course which the House did not think it beneath its dignity to resort to in the conduct of a bill of pains and penalties, it might, without any compromise of its dignity, again adopt in respect of a measure, the object of which was to confer a boon and a blessing upon large and deserving classes who from one cause or another have been hitherto deprived of their full share in the general prosperity. (Hear, hear.) This bill contained four principal propositions, two of which were primary and general, and two anciUary and incidental. 1. That provision should be made by law for securing to tenants the proper benefit of expenditure either in labour or capital made by them on the land in their lawful possession, and to provide compensation for improve. ments to outgoing tenants. 2. Thatrights arising out of prescriptive custom, in certain parts, should no longer depend upon the caprice or the necessities of particular classes, bat should be defined and flxed, asfar they rest upon justice, by the law. 3. That restraints should be placed upon the powers exercised by landlords of evicting, according to the markets, vast masses of men without any regard to the exigencies of the empire. 4. That the law should internose to Teoulate the anomalies which have arisen out of the disturbing elements of violent legislative changes, and out of the faamine of 1846 and succeeding years. it must be admitted that these -were very large questions to be disposed of in a single bill; but, on the other hand, it would searcely be denied that the social anomalies which existed in Ireland, and which did not arise out of nothing-as Englishmenwere too apt to infer with regard to anything that did not exist in England-should be dealt with in a large and comprehensive spirit, and with a just and temperate but unsparing wiDll (Hear, hear.) The first of the propositions which he had just Tecited was of such universal application that, if it had been alwvays in operation, it would have rendered any further provision unnecessaly,; and, although it might better suit his argument to assume it as granted-which, from the proceed:ngs of the present Parliament, he should be quite justified *n doing-he could not let the subject pass without caDing attention tothe large, special, andrlugent interests, to the con-iderations of common probity, to the suggestions of public exi,gency that it involved. It was scarcely necessary for him to intimate to any English member that the state of Ireland was peculiar, but there was nothing in it more peculiar than this-that, w,hereas in England all the more permanent op erations on the soil were performedby the landlord, in Ireland, on the other hand, the tenant originally received nothing from the proprietor but the soil as nature made it, and no allowrance was made to him either in money or in rent for the expenditure of capital and labour necessary to make it fit for habitation or cultivation. If, therefore, the tenant, by the expenditure of his capital, or his labour-which was his capital-suppliedthatwhich the proprietor neglected or was mlable to perform, the claim of that proprietor to appropriate, by right of Iiis own default, tbe results of labour which he did not share, and the benefit of expenditure for which he had given no equivalent, appeared, primd facie, so unjust and unrighteous that it required very recondite reasoning and very subtle morality. -a hard head and a still harder heart, to plead its justification. Reason and morality, however, were to be found equal to every occasion, and plain men like himself, who inmagined they were only protesting against the infraction of a commandment, had received solemn warning that they wpre in reality assailing the paladium of society, in the form of freedom of contract. In the first place, it seemed -omewvhat strange that the very classes who appeared so painfnUy and properly solicitous about freedom of contract in this matter were the very same who insisted upon maintaining the usury laws, which, in another species of property, presented a tolerably exact equivalent to compulsory yaluation of rent. (Hear, hear.) He admitted, however, that it was no impeachment of the value of the principle to allege that freedom of contract was not exactly the horse that the landed interest was accustomed to ride in battle. But, in ipoint of fact, the question of contract did not arise in a proposition for giving compensation for that which a tenant did over and above his contract. It was no part of a tenant's contract that he should make certain permanent improvements, and wyhenever it was so no legal enactment couldinterferein special agreementsmade betweenman and man. ]Buthethoug,htitmust beconcededbyevenryone disposed to deal fairly with this question-that in matters of contract the law ought to do one of two things; either toleave contracts perfectly free, and confine its adjudications between the parties to the terms of the contract as they stood; or, if it interposed at all, to do so in a spirit of equal justice for the purpose of protecting both parties in their sev-eral equities, and of advancing the general wellbeing of society. Hear.) If contracts were left free and final by tbe law, t ore could be no reason, in the absence of any 4tipulation to the contrary, why a tenant should not consume, during the term of his tenure, the improvements he himself had made. There being no contract that he should erect a house or farm steading, why should he not purll down these crections and sell the materials for his own benefit before the determination of his occupancy, leaving the premises exactly as he received them? But, irrespective of any contract between the parties, the law interposed, and declared that to be waste, and therefore in itself illegal. And he thought that the law was right as far as it went; but so inevitable was the conclusion that, in thus interfering in contracts, it was bound to interpose justly and with a regard to the whole equity of the case, that a committee in another place had gravely recommended that the tenant should have leave to wreck and destroy his own improvements, no matter what might be the loss of property that might result from such a proceeding. Such a recommendation appeared to him more worthy of a conclave of barons in the middle ages than of English statesmen in the 19th century. (Cheers.) But if there were an absence of wis5dom there was an intuitive sense of justice and honour in this conclusion, at once English and noble. The House of Lords would go back, to avoid palpable injus. tice to either party. He would go forward for the pur0ose of doing comp lete and equal justice to both. The law had already interfered in contracts to prevent property from being wasted; let it also interpose to Protect it from spoliation. But then they were told that the tenant was compensated for his improvements during the term of his occupancy, and that such improvements were tacitly a part of the contract for which allowance was virtually made in the! rent. To make these allegations-he would not say tenable; but debateable-they must assume that these improvements were a fi.xed and invariable operation on the soil, and a necessary incident of the process of cultivation; whereas the questions that would arise out of a law for compensation would not be general but differential. Take the case of two tenants, to whom the proprietor lets 30 acres each on a mountain side, worth, at the time of letting, say 10s. an acre, and which both hold under lease for 21 years. One of these tenants-it was no uncommon case under the present system-just tilled the land sufficiently to pay the rent and maintain existence; and whatever improvements he might find necessary in the commencement to render the Lnd capable of fulfilling even these wretched conditions he utterly exchausted towards the conclusion of his tenure when be asked for an abatement of the rent, which his mode of treatment bad rendered not only advisable hut ne-I cessary. The other, whowas strong, indusrous and sanguine, set himself to work in another fashion. HEe drained, he limed., he grave lled, he created a new surface on the barren waste he built a decent habitation for himself and shelter for his cattle. Instead of gradually consuming towards the termination of his lease the improvements he had made in the beginning he persevered to the end, and, by the auplication of lis own capital and industry, ho made it worth twice as much as when he received it. Under the operation of the present law the landlord proceeded to revalue these two holdings, and, while he compensated the bad tenant by a remission of rent, he made up for it b y appropriating the improvements of the industrious. (Cheers.) And what wasthe probable destination of the two men thus dealt with? The industrious man, in bitternees of heart but w.ith unbroken spirit, conveyed himself and his famly with whatever savings his thrift and toil had accuemlated, to America, where he became the deadliest foe to the interests of England on the earth's surface. The sluggard emigrated to the poorhouse; and the same law that allowed the landlord to despoil the improving tenant compeUed him to pay for the maintenance of the unprofitable hind who bad wasted his propert. (Hear, hear.) Such were the eocial relations between landlord and tenant in Ireland - such was the law that professed to regulate those relations' He thought those relations were not happy, or tending to the interests of either party. He thought the law as it stood was partial and unwise in principle, and in its results had lbeen most unfortunate. But although, on the broad principle of compensation to l tenants for their improvements, he anticipated, if not an unanimous, at least a general concurrence, he knew there3 were several grave ises arising in detail. There were t}he questions of exhausted and unexhausted improvements, of compensating periods, of the nature of the improveir,ents entitled to comapensation, and the prospective or retr'eSpec. tive application of rmeares for that purpose. The'se wer* an l subajets to be disusmsed in connmittee, and he tl).oughtbis. was not unreasonable in expeetin2 that no question of such details would be raised against tbe second reading of this bill (Hear, hear.) The second proposition which he had cited ws that for the regulation of the tenant-right cuatom of Ulster-not necessarily based upon improvements proved to have been made by the tenant, but rather a species of property in the soil, resting on continued prescription, and acquired by purchase made not only with the acquiescence, but with the active concurrence of the ownuer in fee sunple. That was a sub,ect of a very delicate and co3nplcated character, with which he should not, on his owan knowledge, have underthken to deal;* but, as that part of tho bill rested upon the knowvledge and experier.ce of a gentleman well knowvn in that house, and wvho had devoted his 'whole life to the solution of this question, it was, at all events, one on which he wasjustified m taking the opinion of the House in coWmittee. With regard to the two secondary and incidental propositions contained in this bill, he did not expect that the House of Commons would receive themwithout distaste orevendiscuss themwithoutreluctsnce. He should not himself have consented to adopt them, if he did not believe that in point of fact they were based upon substantial equity; and that in principle they had been recognized by Lord Bacon and Mr. Burke and the highest constitutional authorities. But although he was prepared to defend them in committee as just in Ipractice and wnarrantable in principle, if the majority of the committee after fair consideration and discussion, should think fit to reject these clauses, he wsv not prepared to nay that he should, on that account alone, abandon the bill (Hear, hear.) Such was a general statement of the case with which they had to deal, and of the measure which he introduced for that purpose. They had to deal with a country in which the relations of society had been perverted and subverted by special legislation, and in which there was an unlimited field for reparation and redress. They had, within a few hours' journey of this metropolis, a large territory half re- claimed from nature and half cultivated by man-Xi the' possessnofau aristocracy that was unable to reclaim it or furnish the means for its cultivation, and inhabited by a dense, fertile, and hopeful people, whose instinct and whose passionate desire were to reclaim and cultivate the soil that lay half barren at their feet. (Hear.) Hle asked the House to apply themselves to the solution of a question of such social, national, and imperial interest. He did not put forward his plan for its solution as a perfect one, nor even as claiming to be entirely impartial. It was a statement of claims of right, made by men who had been lOng and cruelly wronged, and it was addressed to the consideration and equity of those who were not in their interest, or of their class, and from whom the utmost they could expect was impartial justice. (Hear.) Under such circumstances, whatever incongruities the measure might contain should be considered with lenity and ruled with candour. He thought he had given good and sufficient reasons for going into committee, even if it were to be regarded in the light of a social question only-as one which involved no other interests than the increase of material prosperity, and the happiness of classes. But there was another point of view in which it presented itself to the eye of legislation-as a political and national question-in hich lght it was still more strongly entitled to the notice of the House of Commons. Witbin the last 10 years the status of the peasantry of Ireland had presented itself to the legislature in three distinct phases, and on each occasion it had shown a different face. In the years 1845-46 the struggle between the landlord and the land-tiller-for the rights of property on the one hand, and the rights of labour on the other-for the rights that the law protected, and the rights the law refused to protect, had gradually grown and swollen and kindled into a battle for existence. The blunderbuss arose against the crowbar ; the guilty omissions in our code led to the adoption of a code of blood, in which a sense of wrong obliterated all sense of right, and in which not only the laws of the land but the laws of morality and society were completely superseded. He need scarcely recall the memory of those agrarian outrages in Ireland during that terrible year, only les terrible than the outrages that succeeded then. It was to meet such a state of things that the Government of the day appealed to Parliament for the protection of life and property thus imperilled, and introduced nhat wa; popularly, or unpopularly, called a Coercion Bill. It wa; argued by those who opposed this mode of dealing with the matter, that it was a measure for the protection of one class of lives and one species of property onlv, and those the lives and the properties already the best protected; that the root of the evil was the insecurity of life and labour to those who toiled, and who were daily creating a property in the soil which to them was life, aud which the law of the land sub jected to daily confiscation. What wvas the answer to tha, appeal made with irTesistible logic. as it appeared to him. by a great statesman now no inore, who, had he lived, might have foUowed out his own premises to their natural conclusions, and have done that justice to the producers in Ireland which was the complenment of the great boon which he conferred upon English consuiimers ? Sir Robert Peel said .- "I assent to the justice of the principle which I understand the hon. member for Itochdale to contend for. I think that in Ireland, where the tenant has to bear expenses which the tenant in this country does not bear,-I admit that the tenant has a claim for cormpensation against the owner of the land. . . But I am not sanguine enough to hope that the best devised measure can tell immediately on the present state of Ireland or relieve uo from the duty of taking steps to put a stoe) to assassination. I wilt not postpone my consent to this measure to the more permanent measures that may be proposed for Ireland. nill enter into no parley with assassins." Now, he thought he might claim some credit for consistency and sincerity in the course be was now pursuing when he said that, compelled by the irresistible force of that argument, he voted for the measure in question. In doing so he supported a measure of which abstractedly he disapproved; he voted in favour of a Governient to which he was opposed. and he acted against the known and strongly expressed opinions of the majority of his constituents. In spite of party feeling, in the face of certain unpopularity, and at the risk of his seat in Parliamant, at the sacrifice of every less respectable motive, he did so upon no other ground than that the necessity of the case made it an honourable and conscientious duty. He thought, therefore, that he had a certain personal claim- after waiting for the 10 years prescribed by Horace-to ask that House to perform the inverse of the duty then fulfilled by himself, and to extend to the life and property of labour that protection for which it had so nobly toiled and so long waited. But at the very moment when this question came before the House in this terrible moral aspect, there was another and even more fearfuI view of the subject which was gradually unfolding itself to theeyes of theempire, and in which all statesmen of ordinary prescience might have seen ground for national apprehension. *While they were legislating for the protection of the life and property of those who laboured not and left labour to shift for itself through the passive and active resistance of pauperism and crime,-both hfe and property were being dealt with by another hand, and in a mode that was said to have taxed the resources, as it had endangered the defensive strength of the whole empire. The Irish brhght of 1846-7 swept away an amount of property of which he stopped not to take count, because they had since discovered that property was not always the wealth of natons that was the most easily ehausted; but an amount of human life was sacrified which we had since been taught that gold could never buy. Strong men, men a, arms, were driven from the Irish soil, as beggars, for whom we had since gone a-begging ourselves, across the Atlantic - and the fires were quenched in a hundred thousand cabins round which young men would have grown up with certain passionate instincts, which, however superfluous, and even troublesome sometimes upon Irish soil, would have been honourably welcome the other day at the Redan;-a day in which the INemesis of IKlrush and Skibbereen hovered over our standards, and of which a tale would go down to bistory which would read but ill by the side of the chronicles of Wellesley from the immortal pen of an Irish looker-on. While to add the last point to the terrible epigram, the despatch that on the same day announced the fall of the 3lalakhoff was written by the hand of a Macilahon. (Cheers,) And why was this? Because, while they carefully and properly legislated for the lives and properties of Irish landlords, they delivered over the Irish peasantry, bound hand and foot, to the inexorable mercy of those, whose use of the legal powers confided to their discretion might be chronicled in the simple fact, that within 24 months more than 100,000 homesteads were levelled to the ground, and 1,000,000 human beings were scattered over Irish graveyards or across the waves of the Atlantic as chance directed or Providence disposed (hear, hear) ; and what were the details of inhuman wantonness and superhuman suffering by which that act of national wrong, that deed of treason to these kingdoms, was accomplished ? Within one union, the enormities of which were recorded for the eternal memory and reprobation of posterity, it was stated, on official authority, that 2,000 homesteads were levelled and 10,000 wretehed beings cast upon the world in little more than a twelvemonth. Inan official account, which the chairman of the committee declared to be by no means exagerated, it was stated that " These helpless creature were not only unhoused, but often driven offtfie land, no remaining tenant or occupier being allowed to give them even anight's shelter. Or perhapsthey lingeredaboat the spot and framed some temporary shelter out of the materials of their old homes, against a broken wall, or behind a ditch or fence-places whollv unfit for human habitations. As soon as one horde of houseless and naked paupers were dead or provided for in the workhouse, another wholesale eviction would double the number, who in their turn would pass through the same ordeal of wan- dering from house to house or burrowing behind ditches till broken down by privation and exposure to the elements they seek the workhouse or die by the roadside." "In many cases wvretched hovels were pulled down, where the inmates were left in a helpless state of fever and nakedcness, and left by the roadside for days ;" and in other cases, the temporary huts in which they sought shelter from the cold were fired by the bailiffs and their drivers. He would refer no more to such horrors, but if any hon. member wished to form an idea of the legislative wisdom of a lunatic asylum administered by Pandemonium, he would refer him to "the Accounts and Papers, 20, xlix, 1849, Ireland." And these helpless and unresisting sufferers were of the class with whom "no parley was to be held," buLt were to be legally doue to death by those rights of property in favour of which they were suspending the constitution. He assumed he should be told, as he had been told before, that it was bad taste, and tone, and temper, to revive the memrey of facts like these, -which ought tebeburied in oblivion. He thought, on the contrary, that it was bad taste, ard exceedingly bad sense, to bury in obivion any facts that iended to create a right sense of the social position of thepoor, or which tended to induce a proer consideration oE a greatnational question. He woXid hold, as of no accoint, the mere human agony, the snore social disruption, the mere moral horror of such a. tesolation. -he would consider it only in the practical estimate ol its imperial loss. A national outcry, only limited by the national ignorance of the facts and the national pride in the glorious feat of arms that resuilted, had been raised at that untoward order which sent 600 gallant soldiers to almost certain destruction. A feeling scarcely less indignant had, been still more recently expressed at the supposed case of British horses, trough the neglect of oficials, being compelled to gnaw each, others' tails with hunger. What, then, oulght to be saxd of those ruthless orders which deliberately, and of minahie preperse, extirpated aofr our emapire a whole nation. of soldiers? (Cheers.) What of the legWlatie administra. tion which, raia the accumulated wealth of the richest empire in the world, suffered such an act of brutality to Wc aomplished? (Cheers.) The noble lord the member for London, or no very remote or unforgotten octaon refused to vindicate the Administration to which he belSed, in its conduct of the war, on the ground that '"the aoeunts wlich we had received were horrible and heartrending- that there was " something to him inexplicable in the se of t ,e.arm,,- and such as in his opinion nohumanfore' sight coul have predicted. Now, it appeared to him that the noble lord, without anygreat exercise of memory, might have recollected another memorable occasion, not less vast in its extentand full of circumsaances not less heartrending, which might have prepared his mind to foresee any an.ount of distress a disaster-an occasion in which beneath his own eye, under his own AdministrAtion, and with. out stay or remonstrance on his part,-the same Administrative system that was decimating our army hadalready destroyed the whole material of our soldiers. (Hear, hear.) And he might add that, if the public press of this country, -to whose earnest energies and thorough English instincts the exposure of this infamous system was certaily due,-if at that period, instead of endeavouring to attribute the failure of the system to the faults of those who were its suffering and unresistins victims it had aplied itself to the solution of the terribRe mystery with haf the zeal and courage it had since displayed, it would not only have preserved a gallant people for the future defence and glory of the empire, but it might have saved, by anticipation, the flower of our army and the honour of our arms from the distress and disaster which a continued license of unrestricted abuse had since infficted upon it (hear, hear); and he might say further, that if, instead of dismissing this question with supercilious indifference, as if altogether irrelevant to those miltIry exigencies with which it might one day be found to De intimately connected, the English pre were to apply itself to the solution of the Irish exodus, and thesocial state of the Irish people in its intimate relation with another demand for men-at-arms, they would confer a greater benefit upon their country by urging the necessity of prescient legislation than by afterwards railing at r ts which they had done nothig to avert. If, as was alleged the other day in that great organ which more than any other, represented public opinion in England, if the honour and the defence of the empire. in its deadiy neril were left to the stubborn virtue of the Highlandsand ofbon. naught, could it be a matter of indifference to the English Legislature how and why it was that that stubborn virtue, upon which the empire hung, had been wasted to a thread? (Cheers.) That was the question which he now put to the House of Comnimons. (Hear, hear.) They had been taught, at the highest price that nations could pay for expenence, that men might be more valuable than3 money, and that wasto of life might bemore expensive than waste of gold. They had foundathat the soldiery of a free country must be recruited out of its surplus population, and that, ir excess of population might be a national inconvenience, the want of it might be national ruin. They had discevered that it was not to the refuse of cities that the defence of empires was to beintrusted, but to the rude vigour of the fields and the rugged virtue of the mountain side. (Hear.) They had seen that to hand over the masses of a rural people to be dealt with at the unrestricted will of those who were at once their land-dealers and their landlords, was to subject that population to a dispersion and diminution which was not only morally unjustifiable but nationally unsafe. (Hear.) They had proved to our conviction and humiliation that a people cruelly exiled could not at pleasure be recalled; and that they carried with them in their exodus a desperate and contagious hatred of the empire, before whose governing classes they had been compelled to fly, (Cheers.) He was stating no more than that which the English press had been saying during the last twelvemonth, and which, if ever hostilities were renewed, they would soon hear reiterated by bitterer tonges than his. (Hear, hear.) But he might be told that all these considerations had happily no relation to the present state of affairs; that there was scarcely any agrarian crime in Ireland; that the hostilities that rendered the loss of our martial population alarming had already ceased; that high prices prevailed, and that rents were comparatively moderate; that material prosperity was increasmg and political agitation was on the wane- and he mig,ht be asked whether this was a fitting time for legislative changes that were scarcely pressed for out of doors ? He answered, this was precisely the time for beneficial legislation. (Hear, hear.) If no agrarian crime existed, it could not be objected that they were holding parley with assassins; if agitation on the subject had diminihed oxut of doors, then, out of doors, men would be more easily satisfied; if Irishmen were beginning to be dissatisfied with America, now was the time to give them a status on their own land. But men who spoke in that way forgot that many of the conditions that they cited were incompatible with each other. Prices were still high. in consequence of the war, and rents continued moderate in the constant expectation of peace. With peace prices would fall. With returning prosperity rents would rise and population would increase; and if a further population returned from America it would not be a population more quiet under injustice. Were we to wait until the miserable cycle of our subterfuges and temporary expedients again returned upon us-until wrong again begot wrong-until agitation again bewildered us at home, and another war assailed us abroad-until Russia, under more favourable circumstances, again returned to the task which she never would abandon and when it might be our fate to maintain the quarrel, singlehanded, with Russia in the East aid with America on the Atlantic? Let no one ima-ine that such contingencies were improbable or remote. So sure as the sun that went down that eveningwould rise to-morrow so surely the contest with Russia would be renewed. And look to the present position of America, and to the vindictive elements which we had colonize(i amid her population. Could there be a more auspicious moment than that in which a party of semifanatical and semi-barbarous blockheads in America had alienated the sympathies of her Irish population for us to win back those sympathies by doing justice to them at home? By so doing we should make friends among our enemies, where we had hitherto sent enemies among our friends; e should gather around us at home national defenders, on the stubborn virtue of whose wasted few wel so latelylhad to place reliance; and we should reclaim, from the further shores of the Atlantic, wiling soldiers by a process of enlistment for which we sbould never have to apologize to any nation in the world. The hon. gentleman, having moved the second reading of the bill, resumed his seat amid loud cheers. Mr. AGIJIRE seconded the motion, The SPEM.ER having put the question, and no hon. memberpresentng himself to address the House, there were loud cries of " Agreed." The question being aain put two or three " Noes" were pronounced. The Speaker declared infavour of the "Ayes," but, aftereconsiderable hesitation, the decison was questioned and the House proceeded to a division, when there appeared,- For the second reading ... .. ... 88 Against it 59 MaJority for the second reading ... -29 The announcement was received with cheers. SCIENTIFIC AND LITERARY SOCIETIES BILL. On the motion of Mr. IuIr the House went into committee on this bilL Lord LOVAINE objected to the second clause, exemptin buildings used for literary and scientific purposes from.oca rates. Lr. HUTT explained that the present law exempted buildings used exclusively for literary end scientific purDose from rating, hut, by a decision of Lord Campbell, the ta ing in a single newrspaper rendered those buildings liable. That could not have been the intention of the Legislature, and. therefore it was proposed to remedy the defect of the law by leaving out the word " exclusively," Mr. HENIIEY said, such a principle of exemption would extend to any literary or scientific dshb, but why should the Athen.eum be exempted whileathe Travellers' paid local rates? It was not right that, under the pretence of being scientic or literary, ordinary business should be carried on in houses exempt from local rates. In the then state of the House-no member of the Government being present-it was impossible to discuss the question, but it appeared to himthe word <exclusively" was a very good word, and restricted the boon of exemption to societies which were really scientific or literary. Colonel HARCOURT supported the clause. Mr. SPOONER opposed it, and moved that the Chairman report progress. Mr. HUTT admitted that he could not face such an opposition as had sprung up against the clause, but asked to be allowed to make verbal amendments. Mr. HENLEY thought it would be convenient to have Tne bill reprinted with the amendments. Mr. HUTT promised to have the bill recommitted. Mr. SPOONER withdrew his motion. The clauses were amended, and the oHomsereszmed. DISSENTERS MARRIAGES BILL. On the motion of Mr. PRLLtATr the House went into committee on this bill. Mr. HARDY moved.that the first clause be postponed, because it repealed the present mode of publication before the guardians, and he was not satisfied that the substitute proposed by the fourth clause of notice at the registrar's office, wonuld be an improvement. Sir W. HEATHCOTE asked what was the grievance of which Dissenters complained? Mr. PELLATT e!xplained that Dissenters deemed it a degradation to be obged to go to the board of guardians for the publicatoof bans. The affixing a list at the doors of churches and chapels had not been approved, and there was no ether mode than to resort to the superintendent regitar's. Lord LOVAINlE could understand how publication at the board of guardians might be offensive, and, if so, the griecvance ought to be removed. Mr. HENLEY concurred in the belief that persons in an independent position would nct like to hive anything to do with boards of guardias or any officials connected with the administration of the :'tor laws. The feeling was natural, and would perhap& be felt the more strongly by huble individuals than b_ persons in a higher sphere. The great difflculty was how to secure efficient pulibcation. He was afraid the proposal iul the biln would not give better security than nowv eo;isto;~ but i t w ould not give worse, and if it relieved the Disser,tars fr<>m a grievance he should not object to it. The clause was than agreed to. Onclause 2, prov:ingthat every notice of marriage shoului be accompanied bh the°declaration of one of the parties that there is no lawf'4 hinderance to such marriage, Mr. SPOOC)tR said, the clause only reguired that notice should be giA-en to the 'superintendent registrar of one district, whee the parties resided in separate districts. Ths law with, regard to bans was, that they should eb publshed in botX, parishes, when the parties resided in difCerent parisI,es. nIT. R. PH ILIJMORE said, that the bill would open the oorto marriages of papersuasions, whether Dissenters, Roman Cathols, or mebers of the established I church. It was, therefore, important that facilities should not be givent for cLaftige nriage.S He thought that notice ought to be given to the superinteadnen registrar of each distrct in which the paties resided Mfr. G. BUTT was of opinion that the declration ought to be made in both districts. He also auggestd that provision ought to be made forfilingandpreserviugth, dedara. tione, Mr. PELLATT said, that the clause should be alteed to maeet the views of hon. gentlemen opposite, both -with respect to the double notices, when parties resided in diffe. rent districts, and the preservation of the declaratioer. gHear, hear.) Mr. HARDY said, that the clause required that the deelaration that no lawful hinderance existed to the marrage should be made before the superintendent registrar or registrar, "or otherwise, in the presence of tvo credible witnesses, being severally honseholders, resident within the same district, who shall respectfully attest the same by adding thereto his or her name, description, and place of abode." It was dangerous to allow persons to make the declaration before persons of their ovn choosing, when they ought to go before a judicial officer. He therefore suggested that the words in questionshould be omitted. The suggestion was acceded to, and clause 2, as amended, was agreed to. Clause 3 was also passed. On clause 4, enacting that notice of marriape without liense should be affixed in the superintendent registrars office, Mr. ENLEY said, that the first part of the clause would be found inconvenient in practice. It provided that the notice of marriage should be hung up in some conspicuous place in the office of the superintendent ristrar. That would be a long document, and if a copy of the entry of the notice in the superntendent registrares book were hung up it would be much more likely to attract notice. Sir J. DUCKWORTH nmoved the insertion of the words "and outside" in that part of the clause which provided that a notice of these marriages should be posted inside the office of the registrars, on the ground that sufficient publicity would not be given to them lLnless they were published on the exterior of the bulding. Mr. E. BALL opposed the amendment. The coarse offensive, and vulgar exposure which the hon. baronet re- iuired was not thought necessary in the case of a member of the church of England, and he could not understand why it should be necessary in the case of a Dissenter Mr. MASSEY thought the amendment unnecessary, and calculated to inrease the labour of the registrars and the expense of marriages. Mr. B. DENISON suggested that registrars should nat an abstract of the notices outside their offices, andthen persons who wished for further information might go inside and examine the notices themselves. This would only be equivalent to the publication of bans in the case of members of the church. Lord LOVAINE was of opinion that somne mode of publication before marriage was absolutely necessary. Mr. G. VERNON objected to the proposition of the hon. baronet, but thought the object of publicity would be attained by placing merely the names of persons about to marry outside the offices, in the manner in which they were advertised in some newspapers. Sir A. AGNEW thought that a lady and gentleman ought not, because they happened to be Dissenters, to be obliged to have their names gibbeted outside a public office. When a marriage was by special license there was no publicity at all. Mr. HENLEYreminded the hon. baronet that this clause applied only to marriage without special license, and that the operation of the biU was not contined to Dissenters. IHe denied that this was merely a Dissenters' question. It was well known that many members of the church of England were married by these notices instead of bans when they desired secresy. He could not understand why Mary Smith and John Thomas should object to have their names placed outside an office instead of having them published in a church, Mfr. HADFIELD thought the propDsition of the hon. baronet (Sir J. Dtmkv,worth) highly indelicate, offensive, and disagreeable, and if it were agreed to he should advise his hon. friend to abandon the bil altogether. Mr. HENLEY said, he had on a former occasion unsuccessfully endeavoured to exclude members of the church of England from the operation of the biil, and, therefore, in the a-mendments wvhich had been proposed by members of that church there was no undue interfere.nce in the affai;s of D) ssenters. Mr. R. PHILLIMORE mentioned a case in which a Roman Catholic lady had clandestinelyniarried a gentleman ot another persuasion before a registrar, in order to show that the bilt did not affect Protestant Dissenters only. He saw nothing indelicate intheproposition of thehon. baronet. He had himself gone through the ceremony of having his name called out in a public church wvithout feeling anyinconvenience. Clandestine marriages were increasing to such a degree and they were the cause of so much misery and crime, that the State ought to interpose a-d put every possible restraint upon them. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MASSEY said, the object of the clause was to substitute another form of pubheity for that which the Dissenters objected to as offensive. But if the Dissenters told them *hat the form proposed was even more offensive than the form about to be superseded, they would not be carrying out the object they had in view by insisting on their proposition. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the effect'of the ill upon members of the church of England, he thought that those persons who wished to be married according to the rites of the church of England ought to observe those ites, one of which was the publication of bans. That was the princi~ple upon which he intended to act when the right hon. gentleman the member for the University of Oxford proposed the amendment of which he had given notice. MIr. GLADSTONE admitted that the feelings of the Dissenters ought to be considered, but, his difficulty was that thebill, although misnamed "The Dissenters Marriages Bill," had no exclusive special application to Dissenters Those hon. gentlemen who belonged to the Dissenting part of the community had a right to represent the feelings of the Dissenters; but, on the other hand, those who were members of the church of England were also bound to utter their opinions, and to see in wbat way they would be affected by the bilL The UnderSecretary for the Home Department nad suggested the introduction of a clause formerly proposed by the hon. member for the University of Oxford, and at the time imperfectly discussed. He hoped under the circumstances that there would be no difficulty felt in reference to the introduction of that clause. Mr. HENLEY also expressed a hope that after what had been stated by the Under-Secretary of State the present amendment would be withdrawn. Sir J. DUCOKWORTH explained that his amendment was not framed in reference to Dissenters' marriages sceciadly, but his object was to prevent clandestine marriages of any kind. Before he withdrew his amendment he wished to have an intimation from the promoters of the bill that the spirit of the suggestion of the Under-Secretary for the Home Department would be adhered to and the bill modified accordingly. Mr. PELIATT said that the 11th clause was thc proper part of the bill for the amendment of the hon. member (Sir J. Duckworth), but he wonld not pledge himself as to the course he should take in respect to the amendment if it should now be withdrawn and subsequently proposed. After some further conversation on this point the coinmittee eventually divided on the amendment proposed by Sir J. DUCKWVPORTH, when the numbers were- For the amendment ... ... ... . 93 Against it ... ... ... ... . S5 Majority ... ... ... --- - The amendment was accordingly adopted and the clause agreed to. Clauses 5 to 10 inclusive were agreed to. On clause 11, which relates to the mode of solemnizing marriages in registered buildings, Mr. HENLEY moved the addition of the followving proviso :-" Provided always, that no such marriage as aforesaid shall be solemnized in any such registered building without the consent of the minister, or of one of the trustees, owners, deacons, or managers thereof, nor in any church or chapel of the united church of England and Ireland, without the consent of the minister thereof, any statute or statutes to the contrary notwithstanding." Mr. BOUVERIE, while agreeig in the object of the proviso, was afraid that it would go rather too far, and would have the effect of rendering void maDriages which might have been celebrated by some accident vithout the consent of the minister or trustees. Mr. R. PHELLIMORE said that contingency was already provided for by the 16th clause, which enacted that after any marriage shall have been solemnized under the authority of this act, it should not be necessary to give proof, among other things, of the consent of any person.whose consent is required by law. Mr. HENLEY said, he would consider the point, and if it appeared that there was any danger of the proviso having the effect apprehended by the right hon. gentleman opposite he would insert words to prevent it on the third reading. The proviso, having been amended by the insertion of the word "officiating"after "minister," at the suggestion of Mr. Gqu,xy, by the insertion of the words "or of the church of Rome" after the "united church of England and Ireland," and by the addition at the end of the words, " any statute or statutes to the contrary notwithstanding," was then agreed to, and the clause was ordered to stand part of the bill Clauses up to. clause 2Ct inclusive were agreed to. Clause 21, "Registrar-General to farnish to secretaries of synagogues marriage register books and forms," was objected to by Mr. MASSEY, on the ground that sufficient faciities were* already given to Jews by allowing one officer appointed by them to act as registrar. Mr. P?LLATT said that ibe clause was' rendered necessary bI the e3dstence in London of reformed synagogues. Sir w. HRA;THCOE opposed the clause, and it was strunk out wiuiout a division. The remaining clauses having been agreed to, Mr. DUN>LOP, in reply to Lord LOVAIN-E, stated that he siould move the clause with reference to border marriages of whicl ho had given notice upon the report Mr. BOWYER moved the addition of a clause enabling the registrar-general, if he sbould think fit, to license for tiae solemnization of marriage a building which had not 'een used as a place of worship for 12 months, and providi%g that the certificate for registration m ight be signed, no`4 by 10 househoulders, but by 10 members of the cong gregat,on. Mr. MASSEY objected to the clause, and it vs A rejected without a division. The schedules of the bill were then agre'Jd to, and the House having resumed, it was reported by the CiAm.- JOINT-STOCK BANKS. BILL. The adjourned debate upon the -Jnotion that the House should go into committee on this. oiU was resumed. Mr. VANCE moved, that ',ne Speaker should leave the chair that day six utonths, The hon. member wAs address. ingthDelouse at a qtarter before 6 o'clockl when, a*cording to the mles of the lhoiz, the debate wws agin adjourned. The Judil Procedur (Scotland) Bill was ead a aecond time ancl passed. The Excise Bill pas3ed throigh committee. The House adjourned sborily before 6 o'cloc. Captein- D- O'CO-N- -a accidentaly late f or the divieaon on the Tenants' Right (rxeland) DMl. -idr. BONDTr was seeldentahly shut outbee votng against >r. IMoores Tenantse Right BilL t out
PARLTAAEENTAY WOTICZ& HOUSE OF COMXCM)N"1 T x T O1P.:-S OFr Tv - P=o SbiooIS (Scotland) MA-aom Ciabridge UniversityBdB.-Comaittee. (Pmngrcs 30th ofWy.) Coalwhippers (Port of LOndDD) lsil.-Seeond readig. Excise Bi4-Asamendedto be considered. Education (Scotland) Bil4-Adjouraed debate on Second resding Vice President of Committee of Council of Education BM,:l- 15n reading. Dublin Metropolitarn Polioe Bm.-Se ond reading Buriaigroands (Ireland) Bi11,-Comnuttee. P 21,1 of ApriL Grand Jury AsessmeInts (Ireland) Bill,-As amended, to be OWVs sidered. Juries (Ireland) BML-Adjourned debUte on second reading. (Sti ofAprll. Courta of Conmon Law (Ireland) Bill-Committee. Trasfer of WVorks [Ireland) Bill.-Committee. Drainage (Ireland) ill,-Second reading. . Burial cts Aamendment Bill,-Seondreading. Formation, ke. of Parishes Bili,-Comnsittee. (ProrMM 3Zth of May.) Ratin' linesBill.-Secomdres.din o Joun *<JE;kB.sBill,-Adjour.ed debsteongol,gb. committ. JutndentsExecntion, &c. BilL-Adjourned debate on seond read in epn ?tssnteDill Third reainug. Bleaching s.c Works (No. 21 Bill-'eoond reading Gzaol, ke., Bi4lS-Second reading. 'Ways and Means,-Committee. SpecialfyandSilmple Contract Debts Pi11,Second readingu. SOTICS5 or XOTIONS. - Captain D. O'ConnelL-To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if he inteads to introduce any bll during the present or next session uipon the subject of ravings banks? Sir C. Nspier,-To askt be First Bord of the Admiralty, if he l. any objection tolay on the table of the hquse returns of the Teas1 of war of all desaiptionsput out or commission since the zignin oftthe treaty of peace; of cosst-guardmen discharged from the fieet; ot rizgers and men who baTe completed fiveyea&sW service and have been; discharged, of the continuation men now in tho senrioe, vritt their rating; ana of the number of meiathe ships now in oomnmissionsre ahort of complement? Mr. Palk,-To ask the Under-Secretary for War when the report of the Mdihtory ComMissioD, presided over by General Sir Alexander Woodford, will be laid upon thetable of the house? N Mr. Stafford,-To as the Chief Secretary for Ireland whether the Govemnment intend to propose any amendments to the Tenant Right (Ireland) Bill; and, if so, whether they will place them on the notice paper beforelWednesdaynext, on which day the bil stands for committee? Mr. C. llruce,-To as' the Secreary of State for the Home Depart. ment. whetherthereowll beany objection to givingstore accommodation in Fort George for the custody of the clothing, arms. end accoutrements of the mitias of the counties of Inverness, Naim, Eilgin, and Bauff, when the regimuent is disembodied? Captain Stuart.-Address for the return of the names of all officer3 rho remained in the Crimea from the 12th day of _November, 1SS;, to the end of thewar. The Chancelor of the Exchequer,-Bil to provide a site for a new national gallery. Bill to authorire the redemption of certain annuities charged orl branches of the gross rivenue. Lord B. Grosvenor,-Metropolis Roads.-To nominate the select committee-Lord B. Grosvenor, Mr. Bramston, Sir J. Shelley, Sir 'WV. Joiffe. Colonel Penmnt, SirB. Hall, Mfr. Hldyard, Mr. Butler, Mr. WYil, Mr. IL Russell. Mr. Bonham-Carter, fr. AIcook Mr. Alderman Chalis. Mr. Grenfell, and Mr. Wrightson Nr. Wilsou,-BiU to continue the act for extending for a limited time the provisio for abatement of income-tax in respect of insurance on lives. Mr. Massey,-That the order ofthe 25th of Aprllfor areturn relaUve to tithe commutation be read and discharged; and, instead thereof, Return of aU tithes commuted and apportioned umder the act 6 ana 71William IV., chap. 71, from the 31st day of December, 1847, to the ist day of December, 1855; distinguishing between those assigned to clerical appropriators and their lessees, parochial incumbents 1-- impropriators, and schools and collezes, kc. 3 Dlr. Serjeaut O'Brien,-Copies of the Treasury insutes end other'$ papers, dated in the years 1850 and 1851. relative to granting compnscaa- tion allowances to the paymasters of constabularyv in Ireland on the . aboliton of their offices: And, of the Treasury minutes and other papers, dated in the yars 181 and 1145. relative to placing the offices of paymasters of constabulary in Ireland onthe schedule of the Superannustion Act. llordRt. Grosvenor,-Rteturnof the number of horsesandcarria.es paying taxes in each commty in England for 1854. Mr. Wllson,-Ciril erioe estimnates li'm Committee of Supply). On going into Committee of Supply:- Lord iEleho.-To call attention, with a view to their being purchase by the nation, toSimp60n'6CrimcanSkethes, now being exhibitedat NIessrs. Colnahi's, rail-man East. MIr. Sidney erbert,-Education and instruction of officers in the army. TheMarquisofBlandford,-Tocall&theattentionoftheGovermneut to the existing want of church accommodation in the parish of Plumstead, and to the claims upon the Government in respect of properts on d emprloyment of labour in the parish. Colonel North,-On going into Committee on theArinyZtimates, to bring under the consiocration of the Rouse the injustice inflicted upot old and distinguisbed officers by the retrospective action and practical working of the army warrant of the 6th day of Oct,ober, 1554, laying down the rules regulating the future promotion of the armny ColonelrDue,-Onte Surplementary WartEstimates,toc th attention of the Efouse to the reductions that must be consequent ou peace: together thefrie y compesations that ab e proposedto bO given to the diferent corps,wlhetherforelgn or British, vhose bervics sill be diSpensed with. Sir. BaLaie,-On Army Estimates,-That, in the opinion of thi3 House, the means resorted to by Efer Mlajesty's Governmenlt to procure soldiers from neutral States w4ithout the express permission oE their Sovereign authority wrere contrary to international lawv, and wyere caslculated to endanger the friendly relations betw een this coentryand. these States. Sir D. L. Evans,-Amnendment on motion of Nrv. Bali, on recruit. iog in neutral countries, to Icave out from the first word " ath to the end of the question, iu order to add the words "in the means iesorted to by Government for reinforcing our army inthefield, itis the opinion of this House that, instead of inviting enlistments fronm the United States, it had been more politic to have entertained suchl offers as were made by highly respeLtable partie3 lor raising corps from aunong loyal Canadian fellow-subjects," instead thereof. Sir. Grcgsap-On Army EsEtmates-That this Rouse do reaolve itself into a committee to consider of an humble addreFs to Her Majeatr. praying that she wi be graciously pleased to direct alterations to be maa4e in the rolesof the military service and iathe warrant of March. 1S6, to the effect that the regulation -alue ot the commissions of otficers in the army who shaU have died of cholera or fever in active service during the late war may be paid to their representatives, ana deemedpart of their personal estate, and to assure Her lajesty that this House will malke good the same. Captain L.Vernmon,-On Army Estimates-LTo move a resolution, that it is ithe opinion of this House that it wiU be to the advantage of the. service to employ general officers from the Scientific Corps on the staff of the army. Ilord Naas,-Ou Army EstimatTo ask, hat te intention of the Government are su inh regard to the BrigadieG crs of the Army of the Crimes, and a1o with regard to the Second Lieutenat'Colooels, Jumnir Captans, Lieutenants, and Ensigns of ruegiments, in the event of the reduction of their s everal corPa. also, wast course is to be token with regard to the officers of the Land TraspOrt Corps, and v;hether any man wvho has served as an officer in that regiment is'tohbesent bonck to serve as a non.commiasonefl officer in regimnents of the line ? Colonel Dunue.-To move for a select committee to inquire into the method of supiplying6 the British army wvith arms,. ammuunition, colothng, accoutrements, and an other requirements. b y means of contract'. or by any other system. In Commnittee of Supply:- lIe. Locke KSing,-To call the attention of the cotmmittee to tho following sums expended under the head of civil contingencies during the year 18o5:- Commission on Fine Arts . . 8 0 0 ) Ditto, Registration of Titles on LInd 612 8 G Ditto, Pleading, &c.. Court of Chancery 710 9 3 Ditto, Pleading, &c., Courts of Law 104 15 5 Ditto, Law of Bankruptcy . . 1211 9 Ditto. Division of Parishcs . . 1,07 io O Ditto, Cathedral and Collegiate Churches ,. C45 B 3 Ditto Cape of Good Hope .. .. . 13,704 10 11 J. r. Fearon, solicitor, advance for suts en charities . .. . S.00D 0 On vote of £10,O0 for civil contingencIes during the year 1856, to move, that the sum granted be a m4c not exceeding £75,000. Sir StaffordtNorthoote,-OnEdnieationEtimnates,-To cal the attentionlof the House to the mode of apportioning the capitation grant in pDu]O distrlotS '74. Alcock,-On d. call t,he attention of the committee to the expediency of doubting the present rates of the capitation grants to schoolr, vhether in parishes ahbve or below 5,00M population, andbyroducingthse-inimumnumberofdaysof attendianco from 176 to 160 days a-year, in order to be entitled to capicatiort money; of increasing the grant to masters and mistresses on secoet of pupil teachers from_£5 to ;f1lfor the firstpupil teachers: and of establishing a lower class of certiicates of merit to teathers, im accordance wfith the rsuggestion of Aychdeaco,n Allen. SIr. W. WVillamsm-Tnat the proposed vote of £7,335, to defray the charge for Hampshire and Sumrey policerat the military camp at Alder. sh.utt, he disallowed, Viscountlemnaed.-OnOrdnanceEetima¶ees-To caUtlhe attention of the committee to the necessity of a riding school atSBallin,ollig for th& accommodation of te eavairy in the Cock district. Colonel Lindmy,-On SupplentalArmyEstimates,-To call tha attention of te committee to barrack accommodation and improve. ment. Colonel Buck,-On Naval Estimates,-To caU the attention of the committee to a retUrn moved for by him in rxpect to Naval Coast Volunteers. On ,Ordnance Estimates,-To caU the attention of the committee to the state, of the defence at Pickiccombe Fort, DevolPort.
THE 31AY SoCTY.-Tlhe centenary festiyal of this, excellent society was celebrated Tuesday evening by a very choice entertaiWmnet in the " Pillar-room" of the London Tavern. The -chair was to have been taken by Admiral Sir E. Lyons, but, in his absence, Colonel Sykes, of the East India ComPany, ably supplied the place of thb 'allant admiral. In vocating the peculiar claims of. tho SIarine Society, Colonel Sykes observed that it was as much a matter of policy as oddnty to support it. The good done by the society in rescuing. so many youths from vice and degradation has long since been made patent to the world, and the records of the institation prove that the good cause is not losing ground. It only remains for the public to encourage the institution in "these piping timeT- of peace" by a liberal amount of contributions, forthlMarine Society is e educational institution of no mean order, andis speciallyadaptedtothewantsof thepoorboys whom it undertakes to train an in the way -wherein they shouldwallk A subscription wa a 'ounced at the close of the evening of abouLt 7A)Ot The boys of the school were, as usual, paraded thsough. the room5 and gave good proof, by their healthy appearance and exunberant spirits, of the success of the system pursued. Mr. HiEggs officiated as toastma ter. Tars PIXHIS-TITErE. I)Es MSX AND 1skizrs.- In the matter of, dress and manners the Puritan triumph has been compl4ete. Even their worst enemies havo come over to. their side, anl "the wbirligig of time hs brought abot its- revenge." Their canons of taste have become those of all. England, and Hgh Churchmen, who stiR call them roundheads and cropped ears, go about rounderheaded and closer cropped than they ever went. They held it more rational to cut the hair to a comfortable length. than to waen efferginate curls down the back; and wo. cut ours. much shoeter thau they ever did. They held. (with She Span=iads, then ihe finest gentlemen m t*0. world) that sad-i.e., dark-colours, above all, blaal-, were the fittesk for stately and earnest gentlemen. W,. all, iom, the Tractarian AG the Anythingarian, arex-- acth of the same opinion- They held that lace, perff es, and jewelry c a ma;n were marks of uminanly fop hp,be aniUanity, and so hkd the finest gentlemenin4lnda now. They thought it equally absurd and sinful frr,a.m;kwk te.carry isinome oan his hack, and bedizen hinu-4f.out in. reds, blues, aud greeribands, knots, slashes, rA4d"triEpQ6 oadruplo d-edaliau raM, built -ap on iron and,timkker (a, tact), which have more arches in them for pr-doethan Lon- don-bridge for use." We, if wemet such a ru,*abnd ruMfe - worthy as used to swaggerbylTundreds up aa;Ld down Paurswallk not knowin honw to get a dimer,,nueh less topay his tailor, should loolk on him asfirstly a io"l, and seondly a swindler;while, if we metan old Purrta2wc shouidconsidcr him a man gracfely and picture ul dseased, but withal in the most perfect sobriety of goodj aste; and whea w- disoovered (as we probably sho ld, over and -abov2, thai the harlequin cavalier had a box of salve and a pair of dioe, in one pocket, a pack of cards ancd a few 11pawnbrohks daplicates in the otfier- that his ihoughts wero alatcetber of citizens' wives, and their too easy virtue; and that be eould . not-open his mouth without a dosen oaths, we ahould cono Bider-the Puritan (evert thoug'h he did quote SoripttIr* some-what through his nose) as the gentleman, and' the courtier as a most offeutive speclen of the "snob triumphat. glrying in b igrith $ 1fw,.
ZO,YDON, THUBSDAY, JUNE 5, 186. In the House of Commons yesterday, M* G. G looRE moved the second reading of the Tenant )Right (Ireland) Bill. Urging the justice of the claim, the numbers of the claimants, and the admission of the claim by the Government, he insiated that it was not open to those who were favourable to the question generally to object to the second reading of the bill on the ground that it went too far. Its principle was contained in the two primary and general -.propositions,-that provision should be made by law for securing to tenants a compensation for labour and capital expended upon the land,l and that the right should not depend uapon any prescription or custom in particular parts of Ireland, but be defined and adiusted by the Legislature. Other objects of the bill, including a restraint upon the power of eviction by landlords, were secondary and anciUary, and could, he said, be dealt with as details in the conunittee. He anticipated objections which might be offered to the bill, argaing that a time of tranquillity in Irelaud, wshen agrarian crime and political agitation had ceased, was the most favotuable juncture for the introduction of such a measure. Upon a division, the second reading was carried by 88 to 59. The Scientific and Literary Societies Bill having passed through committee, the House went again into committee upon the Dissenters' Marriages Bill, the discussion of the clauses of which occupied the remainder of the sitting. The other orders haviug been disposed of without discussion, the House adjourned shortly before 6 o'clock. ___
There are people whoq are exposed to continual mortification from having as much greatness of sotil, and moral courage, and mental elevation as anybody else, but not having physical powers in proportion. With a weak yoice and puny armn, they are obliged to let the big ones of the earth bluster and brag, without rebuke. Of course, there is a way of getting over this difficulty, for there is a demeanoiur which purts the dwarf on a level witlh the giant ; but we are speaking of those who have not yet found it out, and we recommend them for consolation to look at the attitude of HEP. MAJESTY'S Ministers-if so ambiguous a posture can be called an attitude-with regard to MIr. MoouE's Tenant Right BilI. Here are a dozen strong men and true-great menwith all sorts of advantages in the way of rank, wealth, position, eloquence, long experience, a great following, thorough knowledge of their ground, tact, and a great deal more,-men whom none could affiont with impunity,-men who, in the great Whig phrase, can " hold their owvn" against al the world. At first sight your hero in difficulties, the man who is obliged to swvallow a good deal because he has not the sinew or the lungs to help himself, might feel a slight sensation of envy at the sight of a dozen flourishing giants of this sort actually in possession of the country. But now for the consolation. An Irish member brings into the House a so-caled Tenant Right Bill, but which, whatever its name, is utter moonshine, too impossible to be called amistake,tooilimsyto be called a delusion. HEiRM&JEST's Mlinisters, as men of business, as landlords, as having to do, now and then, with pecuniary engagements, know that the bill is good for nothing, that it is mere waste paper, and that all the time spent upon it mightras well be spent,-indeed, much better, in picking oakum or platting straws. There is not a member of HER MAJESTY'S Government but must confess that to be the case to any gentleman who asks him. Yet these great men must submit to be so far complacent to MIr. AIOORE and his bill as to allow it to be read a second time. They can't help themselves. They can't stand the hideous racket he would make about their ears if they did not. They cannot afford to lose the dozen or two votes that would be thrown into the scale against them at the first convenient opportunity. So they must huimoiur the movement, as one would be civil to a mob at one's house door, or as one would parley with an armed madman. There is not a word of sense in what he says; but what of that, when his s word is pointed at your ribs, and he evidently wants a pretence for send. ing it through you ? Such is the position of HER hJErTsrY's Ministers at this moment, while Mr. MOORE brandishes his Tenant Right Bill before them; and, as we have suggested, it may serve to comfort small people for the many indignities it is their lot to suffer. The bill starts, like its predecessors, on the splendid idea of extending a good custom; that is, creating the custom where it does not exist. Certainly a good custom, like a good habit, is a very good thing, and, if it were possible for an act of Parliament to make all people suddenly virtuous, and all our usages wise, we should be glad to co-operate with Mr. MooRE for the pulpose. But we must beg to avow a very grave suspicion of a miUenniium founded on positive immorality, and a social reformation the first act of which is the violent transference of property from one class to another. At this moment throughout all Ireland, except so far as affected by the usages of a particular district, there is a vast amount of indifferent property in the way of houses, farm buildings, fences, and alleged improvements. It matters not how poor they are, how imprudently done; it matters not by whose hands they have been done-under what belief or expectation. It is admitted on the surface of the bill before us that they are the property of the landlord. Be they good, or be they bad, they are his. Whether he let the land on an improving lease, so that part of the rent has been paid in improvements, or whether he screwed the tenant, who, in revenge, took care to do nothing more for the land than suited his own purpose and would last his own time, the result is the same, and there is no question about it; these said improvements belong to the landlord. Mr. MOORE, however, proposes to take theni away from the landlord and give them to the tenant; who, grasping the robbery, may use it against the landlord by either extorting money from him by legal proceedings, or obtain by the same process a further lease of the land on more favourable terms. This, then, is a great act of robbery, to begin with, advocated by an Irish. country gentleman; and it is wondelrul what country gentlemen are capable of when it answers their purpose. We will add, too, it is wonderful wllat Government will do, or pretend to do, when it answers their purpose. It is very true that Lord PAr. axmCSTON and his colleagues have about as much idea of passing this biU as they have of giving Ireland to the United States. They have a stout reliance, to begin with, on the good sense of the House of Commons and the heat of the dog-days; and, supposing these two resources to fail, they know that the House of Lords, though not good for mueh in ordinary cases, is always good for throwing out a Tenant Right Bill. As the House of Lords, then, has a very easy time of it, Government is content to disturb its equanimity by sending up to it an Irish Tenant Right Bill, with which, of course, it will make very short work. For our part, we cannot approve this speculation. We think it hard on the House of Commons, and particularly hard on the House of Lords. As the bil begins wsith a robbery, it proceeds to the means of valuing and converting the plhuder. It supplies the legal machinery for assessing the value of buildings, fences, and other improvements which the tenant has been enabled by the bill to tak-e from his landlord and call his own. The tenant may forthwith demandto be continued in his holding at a rent fixed by a Court of award on the basis of the new state of affairs, or to have his money for the "iimprovements." The landlords, poor enough already, would be caledi on either to let their land at I a rent fixed by other people on some sys- tema of their own, or to pay a round siun out of pocket, in thun, to every one of their tenants. As to future engagements, we must not dwell upon tb.em, for it is obvious that they must be optional, inasmuch as - if -the Landlord cannot get-one tenant to tak-eland on is own -conditions he wil get another, or dispense mith small tenantry, and either farnm his own land or let it to responsible tenants who will talke the, land on reasonable terms. Landlords and tenants can and must make their own terms now, and will continue to do so under any state of the law. The real gist of the bill is its attack upon existing interests, and it is quite as much a robbery as if a bill were passed allowing every leaseholder in this metropolis-where almost every one is a leaseholder-to send in a bill to his landlord for all the improvements made in his house, all the new drains, flooring, roofing, ceiling, paperhangings, plate-glass, fireplaces, kitchen-ranges, and everything else that an improving mind may have suggested. All the houses in the better streets of this metropolis are continually undergoing improvement, more or less judicious, and uniformly costly, and the result is that most people for every 1001. they pay to their landlord pay 301. or 401. to various contractors, painters, and decorators. Now, of course, it would be very pleasant to the leaseholder to be able to rummage in his desks for aU these bills for the last 20 years, and send in a good stummary of them toI his landlord next Mfichaelmas instead of rent, and, indeed, in 3ieu of rent for some years to come. In many instances a case might be made out for the appropriation of the house or a new lease at a nominal rent. Why are not we to have the benefit of the act? Fair play's a jewel. Webeg to suggest to the metropolitan members that the bill be amended to include all property, and to extend to all improvements of at all a permanent character. We shall then understand the bill better, and deal equal justice on all sides.
In our legislation of the present day it seemis an admitted principle that Parliamentary inquiry shall precede Parliamentary action. Members of the House of Conimons seeni deternmined to apply to themselves the caution addressed to jurors, and to forget everytliig that has come before them in their individual capacities, and their dealings with the world at large. No single statesman, no body of Ministers, has the power to mak-e the Hiouse take anything for granted unless it has been inquired into and reported upon by a conimittee acting under the sanction of the House itself. Hence, although every commercial man in Parliament was well aware that the town of Liverpool levied dues on sllipping wvhich had been for years an object of general complaint, yet when Mr. LowE brought forward his bill before Easter it was received with an opposition which at once showed its postponement to be necessary. The only way to avoid rejection was for its framers to consent that it shouild be referred to a select committee. Perhaps it was natural that so bold a measure should startle a legislative body which thought itself possessed of insufiicient information, and the chorus of indignation and defiance raised by the Opposition was enough to frighten the boldest Minister. But, as it turns out, nothing has been lost by the delay. The committee, formed of members of whom a majority were favoturable to the dues, has been sitting ever since, and, if ever a case was made out for Parliamentary interference, it is in the question of the Corporation of Liverpool and the -money which it exacts from the traders wlho use the navigation of the Mersey. We think that on the general question the boldest defender of the present system can have but little to say. Dues on shipping have been levied in all ages and countries, but whether in the Sound or the St. Lawrence, the Mersey or the Thames, the one rule must apply-that such payments can only be exacted in return~ forcertain specific services performed by the local authorities for the advantage of the shipowners. lWhen Denmark claims a toll on ships entering the Baltic it is on grounds which common sense and the law of nations at once recognize. She erects lighthouses, lays down buoys, keeps channels clear, and provides pilots, if needful. Btut no State or corporation can have the right to demand more than may be reasonably supposed sufficient to defray these expenses. Now, the case against Liverpool is this,-that the Corporation, under the authority of a grant more than two centuries old, taxes the whole trade of Northemn andCentral England for the local benefit of the borough. It is hardly to be believed that because CnHAEs I., in the year 1628, " conveyed the manor of Liverpool" into private hands for 700l., wvhen Liverpool was a paltry collection of huts on the slhngle, a body of men should now levy 600,0001. a-year on the uiports and exports of the greatest manufacturing country in the world. But what are the uses to which these enormous sums are devoted l? The evidence before the committee places the matter beyond a doubt. " It had been imagined," says one witness, "that the town dues were applied for the " benefit of the shipping; but this was not the fact. "Only a very inconsiderable amount was so cx"pended; the larger part went to widen the "c streets and otlherwise improve the town." Some years since it was stated by the Town-clerk- that " a large portion of the poor-rates was paid out of "them." Mr. BAFm I Moons's evidence is to the effect that the town dues were now about 115,0001. a-year, and " the only items which could "be said to be directly or indirectly beneficial to "trade, commerce, or shipping, amountedto 4,7701." The rest was appropriated entirelyto the local purposes of the borough. WYe learn from Mr. Lrvssy, one of the Commissioners for the Improvement of 1ochdale, that although this vast amount of money is collected nothing is done in return. Tlle conservancy of the Mersey is quite neglected, and the river is making serious inroads on the Cheshire shore. The dues areeentirely spent on thetown of Liverpool, and the corporation has built and endowed seven churches out of these taxes on shipping. To these statemeents there can be no answer; it is plain that a municipality has, contrary to all right and expediency, obtained a power which it uses for its own purposes, -without any regard to the general interest. The Corporation of Liverpool, not content writh legitimate sources of revenue, seeks to build and drain its streets, erect its public buildings, defray the cost of public worship, and even the maintenance of the poor, out of the funds of the general community. The injustice of such a system cannot but be obvious, and forms a Vri,)ld fa-ie case for Parliamentary interference. It only remains for the Corporation to urge that these dues are so small as to be no real bturden on the community. This argument is at once swept away by the fact that there have been for years unceasing and indignant complaints from all parts of England. But if specific evidence be reqLuired there is abundance laid before the committee. All the principal branches of trade are represented by men who complain of the loss suffered by themselves and their acquaintances. Rochdale, Sheffield, Bradford, Birmingham, M;anchester, Leeds, all testify to the same points. In some cases cotton has to pay the town and dock dues three times over, to the great detriment of the trade. The tax on salt amounts to 5 per cent. on the exported article, and has prevented the expansion of the trade. One firm pays 4,0001. a-year dues on the importation of timber, and suffers seriously in conseqUence. A witness from Dudley states that a petition against the dues has been signed by almost, every member of the iron trade of Staffordshire. The Leeds Chamber of-Commerce protes against the exactions on tho import and export of wool. The Chamber .of Commerce of Bradford- mak-es similar com-plaints. Mr. TrTus SALT, the Vresident, declares that he pays as much towards the Liverpool rates as towards those of his own town. Sheffield is stated to be a town of heavy local taxation, with a large number of poor; it has no funds or property for caraTing out improvements, and has need of all it can save, yet it must pav a considerable siim yearly for the benefit of the Liverpool people. We might cite much more testimony to the same effect, but enough has been given. It is evident that the principal comniercial men in every town that has an export or import trade through Liverpool are agaiust the exactions of the Corporation. The dues are unjust in themrelves, and are felt to be a grievance and a serious injury to the community. The demand for their discontinuance cannot, therefore, be refused. But, if anything more be necessary to show the absurdity of the present system, it is to be found in the evidence which relates to the imnmunities of the freemen. These favoured persons actually pay no dock or town dues at all. W'e learn from MIr. EAyys, merchant and shipowner of Runcorn, that c; the freemen are exempt on certifying that the "property is their own. If he had been a free"man he should save 1,0001. a-year in this way. "A large proportion of the exporters to America "were freemen, and the exemption they enjoyed "completely shut out other persons from com" peting." In the salt trade, another witness states, the dueg amount to 6d. a-ton, or 10 per cent. on the first value, and actually exceed the profit of the manufacture. All this is remitted to freemen, so that a firm of freemen in some cases can make a profit over others of 1,5001. a-year, and therefore sell at a lower price. It not unfrequently happens that a firm will enter their goods in the name of a single partner who happens to be a freeman. Thus the Corporation not only tax-es half the commercial towvns of England for its own benefit, not only lessens its own burdens at the expense of the country, but actually gives its own memiibers an additional advantage, by enabling them to transact their private business on advantageous terms, and shut out of foreign markets the very rivals from whom they are exacting the means of beautifying their streets and supporting their poor. That such a state of things should exist at the present day is astonish- ing enough; but it is still more wonderful that. men should be found to support it in the face of well-known facts, and that the support should be for a time successful. Blut we think that the statements maade before this committee can have l.ut one result. The HIouse of Commons will now have a body of evidence which it is impossible to ignore. The attempts of Mr. HORSFAL. and the members favourable to the Corporation to elicit admissions consistent with their views have entirely failed, and there is now nothing to be considered except the details of the scheme of reform, andthe question how the change may be most conveniently effected. The liberation of commerce from such burdens is a necessary pendant to the system of free trade which has received the unanimous assent of the country.
We have thought it but right to publish the letter which was forwarded to us yesterday by 31r. S=nrl, the solicitor employed in behalf of PAn during the recent trial. It is intelligible enough that Mr. SET-E shoula remain firm to the interests of his client to the last. To him we impute no blame whatsoever; but at the same time, now that the trial is at an end, that the jury have pronounced their verdict, and that the wretched culprit is a-waiting that punishment which he has most Tighteously deserved, we, too, have a public duty to perform. As long as the question of his guilt or innocence was at issue we considered the case as one which should be entirely left to the tribunals of the country. We did not interfere by a word nor by a suggestion. PFAmm has had the benefit of such a trial as we believe he could not have obtained in any other country whatever. It is vith great satisfaction that we compare the method of procedure observed in this case with such a trial as that of the Duke DE PRAsLiN or of Madame LiynFiRcE. No traps were laid for the prisoner-he was not entangled in his own admissions, nor convicted by his own confusion. His guilt, on the contrary, was demonstrated by a clear chain of reasoning which inevitably connected him with the crime. Mr. SxnTrns endeavour is to show that he was condemned upon what is called chymical evidence alone. He tells us that the theory of absorption as propounded by Dr. TAxroi is new and hypothetical, and not in any way warranted by c-uperience. He adds, " If strychnia is not ab"sorbed and decomposed, and can be found under "similar circumstances to those which existed, and, now exist, in the case of the late Joun "PARsoNs Coos, then my client will have been "the victim of an erroneous conviction, if strych"nia cannot now be discovered in the body of "the deceased." Now, this is a view of the case in whlich iwe cannot acquiesce. Even if Professor TAx-ioR's theory with regard to the absorption of strychnine be proved by subsequent experiments to be erroneous, enough appeared at the trial not only to warrant but to necessitate the condemnation of PA&timmn. The only conclusion we draw from MIr. S-NrnTi2s remarks is, that if the absorption theory be incorrect, then the manipulations of Professor TAvxmou were unskifully performed. Whether he could discover it or not, the strychmine was there. MIr. SmITH should remember that the chynical evidence with regard to the presence or a; ence of strychnine was one thing, the medical symptoms quite another. It is not, of cotuse, for us to suggest what considerations may have acted with greater force upon the minds of the jury, but we should have thought the medical symptoms, and the manner of their succession, quite conclusive. It was proved by such an agreement of medical testimony as we do not remember to have seen in any former case that the symptoms observed in the case of Joun PARSONS Coon. -were inconsistent with any other hypothesis than that of death caused by poisoning by stryclnine. The attempts made for the defence to neutralize this authoritative and direct testimony resulted in an entire failure. We had enough of such miserable jargon as " epilep"tic convulsions with tetanic complications ;" but we put it to the recollection of any person who wvas present at the trial, or who has read the reports of it witli ordinary attention, if the overpowering weight of credible medical testimony was not in favour of the view that suclh symptoms as those of Coon wvere inconsistent with any otlher hypothesis than that of death by stryclnine ? It is, then, in a very far less degree by the chymical than by the medical evidence that PAiNm was convicted. But -when we go one step further, and regard the circumstantial evidence in the case-as contradistinguished from that which is purely of a scientific, character-what do we fmnd? Has any explanation yet been given of the fact that PA== purchased strycluhine at Rugeley immediately before CoOE's decease, and that he has been -wholly unable to account for the poisoni of wvhich he had thus procured possession? A feeble attempt, indeed, was madeto establish the assertion that PALEMP had not purcbased the strvchnine at tlie time and place namaed, but unfortunately for the prisoner there were two witnesses to the fact. It was established beyond all dispute. lTo our apprehension this point would have been fatal to PALErT had it stood alone. Bat how when we find the same man tampering ivith the jars during the postmortem examination? How when he is found en'deavouring to corrupt the postboy, and to induce .him to break the jars ? How when he persuades the postmaster of Rugeley to violate his duty, and on his account to break open the seal of a letter which, as he knew, contained the opinion of Dr. TAYLOR upon the question of the poison ? If all this be not evidence pointing necessarily to a conviction, we know not where such is to be found. We may fairly add now, although, of course, such a consideration couldnot be adduced at the trial and could not in any degree have affected the opinion of the jury, that it is a strange act on the part of a man who was strong in the consciousness of his innocence that he should have endeavoured to starve himself to death as soon as he was lodged in prison. Such, however, was the conduct of PAmER. It was not until a couple of stout turnkeys and a stomach-pump were produced that PA.-EAR could be induced to touch food in any shape. This certainly was not the act of a man who felt he was unjustly accused. When these facts are connected scith the presence of PAL:&ER at Coos's deathbed, with the administration by his hand of drugs which operated as strychnine would operate, and just in the time which would have been required for the operation of strychnine, such a mass of evidence, such a weight of testimony is brought to bear upon the case as has seldom yet been adduced in any trial for a capital offence. Even so, we have not done. We have altogether left the point of motive untouched. Now, it has been shown that PAIMEn had, or conceived himself to have, the most direct and immediate interest in Coon's death. He swept him from his path as he would have swept away any other obstacle. He murdered his friend as a man would take a stone and cast it into a ditch. It is a most painful duty at any time to urge the necessity of sacrificing human life; but, if ever a man deserved death by the hands of his fellowman, that man is PAL:RB, the Rugeley poisoner. For the sake of public security the HomE SEc1CETARY will not, we trust, listen to any of the miserable attempts which have been made to throw confusion over a case which admits of no doubt whatever. The most fatal consequences to society would ensue if this man were allowed to escape. The most enthusiastic advocate of the abolition of the punishment of death couild scarcely recommiend us to begin with PALmR. Ina truth, there is no other calamity which could befall a country which would be so terrible in its effects as the prevalence of a mania for poisoning. War comes to an end, pestilence wears itself out, open violence is easily detected and soon arrested, but how is it when those of the same household and family regard each other with constant suspicion? How when brother cannot trust brother, husband wife, or wife husband? How when the very doctor who stands by our sick bed brings us death, and not health? It is not necessary that the victims should be very many that the panic may be universal. Terror will soon esaggerate the facts, and see death at every corner and at every board -death in its most terrible and irresistible form, for it fastens upon us in secret, and against its operation all our efforts are in vain. We know not that it is there until we are struck down, and I as we lie tossing about in our agony the last con- solation of suffering humanity, the sympathy of relations and friends, is denied to us. It may well be that it is they who have brought us to that pass. Now, unless we would have a poisoningseason in England, the law must take its course in P.&r?re's case. Mercy to PALM3rER would be awful cruelty to the nation.
The Monitkeur of yesterday publishes the following official notification respecting the wearing of the medal granted by Her 3Majesty the Queen of England to all French soldiers who took part in the expedition to the Crimea:- "Art. 1. Miitary men of every grade who, having taken part in the expedition to the Crimea, shall receive the medal awarded lby Her Mfajesty the Queen of England, are authorized to wear it after, at their own cost, registering at the Upper Chancellery the certilficate entitling them to it. " Art. 2. The medal is always to be worn according to the official regulations -when in uniform. "Art. 3. The superior officers who receive the said medal are not to pay the tax for registering it." The Monitenr also publishes the following:- " The Emperor, after having visited the inundated parts of Lyons, visited the camp of Sathonay with Manshal de Castellane, where His Majesty passed the'troops in review, and distributed crosses and military medals. The visit of the Emperor caused the greatest enthusiasm among the dif: ferent regiments. " On the 3d, at 7 a.m., His Majesty left for Valence and Avignon. " at Tain the Emperor conversed with the authorities of Tain and Tournon respecting the damage done by the inuadations, and handed 7,000 francs to the prefect for the more pressing wants of the snfferers at those two towns. "HIis Majesty arrived at Valence at half-past 9, amid the cheers of the population. " At 3 o'clock the Emperor was at Avignon. His Maesty entered the town in a boat, and was welcomed with expressions of the deepest gratitude. " The health of the Emperor is excellent." Between Lyons and Valence His Majestv stopped at the towns which had sulfered most. At each he left sums of money for the sufferers, and was everywhere enthusiastically received. The Empress has opened a subscriptionl at Paris in her name and in that of the Prince Imperial. A subscription has also been opened at the Bourse and at the different police offices in PaLris.
RExCs OF ThEX F.As-x=- ExPEDivox.-A box has been received at the office of the American European Express Com pany, Ney7 York, which contains a portion of the relics of the unfortunate expedition of Sir John Franklin :-One pieee sno- w shoe, marked Mr. Stanley (the name is cut into the wood with a pean-mife); soune pieces of cane and wood; one piece leather, t.he inside of a backgammon board; onepiece metal, the graduated part of a barometer; one piece ivory, part of a mathematical parallel ruler ; one piece ivory, apparently part of a mathematical instrament. - M.Ncnxszi Axc ExHnarrioK.-One of the latest contributions to the guarantee fund is that of the Lord Mayor of London of 5001. The:committee have appointed as their secretary mr. Minchin, who lately filled the same office to the-committee of the Patriotic Fond. The offers of land as sites for tiie proposed building have been numerous, and it was expected that the committee would decide on the most eligible plot last evening. Already several of the leading contractors have visited Manchester with a view of making, offers for the erection of a b,xilding. The guarantee fund is to be raised to 100,0001., if posible, with the view of extending, if it shall appear desirable, the objects of the exhibition bayontd the Eliits originally indi^ated.
ITHE3IgEROR OF RtssIA ATDBRLTN. (ntox uUic OWN roobL.rwA - BERLIN, Ju.-z 2. Yesterday, being Sunday, was spent by the o and Imperial party at Potsdam in comparative quiet and retirement. While the Emperor andhis suite betook themselves to the Greek chapel of the Russian colony of Alexandrowna, near Potsdam, the King and Queen, with an their many distin. guished guests, attended Divine service at the Friedenskirche, in Potsdam. The party has been further increased by the arrival of Prince Adalbert, of Bavaria, the aspirant to the hand of an Infant& of Spain. It agrees, however, very little with our ideas of a quiet Sunday in the country to hear that after a grand gala dinner the Emperor drove out into the Wildpark and shot there a stout buck. Doubtless the shot was something imperially marvellous, for it is described as having brought down the animal at once, and without any further aid of assistant rifles. The evening -was concluded by a dramnatic entertainment at the little theatre in the Palace at Potsdam. The King and the Emperor not having undertaken the adventurous feat of driving headlong into the BIavel, as the enginemnan and stoker did whose precipitous plunge at the open swing bridge on Thursday evening I have already reported to you, they were treated on Saturday evening on returning late from here in a very darl ni}ght and a pouring rain to a -very scuirvy adventure, fit only for ordinary, uncrowned persons. As their carriage drove rapidly out of the railway station at Potsdam towards the bridge over the Havel, a droschka, whose driver's driving " seemed like the driving of Jehu, for he drove furiously," drove straight in among the horses, -with 'whose plungig and praancing the pole broke in two, and the Elmperor and Kiug had to get out in the rain and mud, aud find `what accommodation they could in the next following carriages. The unlucky Jehu -was clever enough to profit by the confusion to drive off unobserved. but an avenging Neemesis soon obtained an intimation of his whereabouts, and he was put into strict arrest for a fewn minutes,'when the officer on duty at the Palace came -with the orders that he should be released at once, with an admonition to drive more cautiously in future. The Emperor has been amutsing himself this forenoon (Monday) in exercising his regiment of Lancers (3d) at the Ereuzberg, a slight eminence to the south of the town surrounded by a sahara of sand, and surmounted by a bronze monument erected to the memory of Prussia's former victories-victories which will doubtless retain a very firm hold in the affections of the people, the longer that they are not likely to meet -with any rivals in the military annals of Prussia for some time to come. Military men here, who are not a little pedantic in the small minuthe of parade service, &c., find fauilt with the bearing of the young Emperor, and wouldfain imply that he is no thorough-paced officer; his management of his own person, his horse, and his sabre at the review of last Saturday are all matter of unfavourable commnent. This disadvantageous judgment is the more probably well grounded that it certainly cannot have been produced by any unfavourable contrast forced upon their notice by the bearing or their own King, at whose side he rode, for a leas soldierly-looking officer can hardly be imagined than the King of Prussia without resortng at once to the ridiculous. This he certainly is not, but he is equally removed from the eagle-eyed, rapid, energetic, fimi-seated horseman, -who forms the first fundamental outline of the commander. Tf the Emperor on this occasion was less adroit in drawing and handling his sabre than the officer who uses the same accoutrements he has been accustomed to for years, he imay be excused on the score of the novelty of his position and his uniform, while the King habitually handles his sword very umlike one -who ever intended to use it. But thisthey both have in common, that one can easily see they are better menthautheyaresoldiers,andbothseemto possess the art and the goodwill to captivate the affections of those with whom they come in contact by a delicate consideration of their feelings. As they were riding down the line of the cavalry on Saturday moring, and came up to the Lancer regiment of which he is chief, the Emperor made a vault sideways with his horse, and took up his position in front of his regiment as its comnmander, and saluted the King as he rode by-a little amiable attention that gave rise to a very hearty demonstration of kindly feeling on both sides. As the cavalcade passed on he resumed his place at the King's side. The Emperor hardly looks so old as he is-38; appears to be about 5ft. 10in. highll, rather slight than stout, and by no means of the athletic form of his father; his countenance, when not deformed by the Prssian Lancer's cap, as I at first saw him, is expressive of mildness and goodness and a certain degree of conscientious perseverance. Possibly there may be at other times a greater appearance of imposing energy than it just now wears, for, according to all accounts, he suffers very much from the fatigue that his present position entails upon him. I have seen himagain to-day twice, as he was returning from the Ereuzberg and shortly after as he -was going out again to Potsdam. On each occasion he -was seated in the corner of an onen barouche, in the one instance with his brother lichael, in the other with his adjutant seated on his right side and somewhat forward, so as to receive and return the salutes of the people. The object of the Emperor seemed to be to gain a little time and rest for himself by escaping unnoticed and unrecognized; and in by far the majority of instances he was successful, and long after that unostentatious young officer of Lancers had driven by the people remained standing and gaping for the Emperor. On each occasion he 'was attended simply by two mounted policemen, to clear the way, and followed by another open carriage with his adjutants and attendants, but with no guard of honour or escort. The remainder of to-day will be spent in Potsdam, and to-night, according to what I can learn of the preparations, he will leave here for St. Petersburg. His departure,-however, will not take place till after midnight, in compliance with a Russian superstition, that looks upon travelling upon a Monday as of ill omen, as some of Us do travelling on Ihriday. The Grand Duke Mfichael is a good looking and apparently good-hiumoured youth, of 24 or 25, who seems to be as constant to his uniform of the Prussian 4th Hussars as his elder brother is to that of the Lancers. The Grand Duke Michael came in yesterday to Berlin, and paid a visit to Baron Manteuffel. Count Nesselrode left here to-day for Kissingen, whither he is gone to take the benefit of the waters. The Emperor held a Cabinet Council here last Saturday at the hotel of the Russian Embassy. Iu various Paris letters I observe it mentioned that this visit of the Emperor of Russia to this Court is looked on as a political demonstration against the triple treaty of April 15. There is very little ground for this idea, as far as I can see, of the state of affairs. The real nature of the visit is that of a private and family event; the presence of so many distinguished persons here at the same time arises frothe circumstances of the navigation of the Bay of Finland having been reopenedI just at the time that the Empress was paying her visit here, which of itself, in connexion with the Eiiiperor's visit to Warsaw, involved the lattefs coming here just now if he was to come at alL As any alliance between Russia and Prussia of anymore int imate kind thanthe mereamicable relations which are kept up in spite of many grievances felt on this side of the Russian frontier is totally out of the question, and least of aU againt England and France, from whose power Russia can no more shield Prussia than she can Russix, it. is totaly groundless to say that the demonstrati6r_ which is inseparably connected with all visits of crowned heads is in this case directed againxt the triple treaty of April 15. On the other hand, there can be no doubt or hesitation in pronouncing it a demonstration on the part of Russia against Atustria, not only for her joining in the late treaty, but also for herconduct towards - Russiain the late wrar. While the policy of -the two German Powers, as dictated by their weakness, was neutrality, Prussia at an early stage declared her intention of not being in any way drgged into the war for the sake of Turkey, and subsequently observed a passive military attitude ierfectiy con- - sistent. Austria, on the other hand, after disbanding her troops, declaring her policy to hs neutral, puts her army on a 'war footing,
DINNER AT THE MANSION-HOUSE. Yesterday evening the Lord Mayor and the LadyMayores; gave a brilliant entertainment at the Mansion-house. Several prelates were present, as were also many of the paro chial clergy of the London diocess, and several distinguished members of both Houses of Parliament. Among the guests were the following :-The Archbishop of Canter bouy and Mrs. Wilson, the Bishop of Winchester and Mrs. Iobert Milford, the Bishop of Bangor, the Bishop of Bath and Wells and Lady Auckland, the Bishop of Chester, the Bishop of Lichfield and Miss Lonsdale, the Bishop of Lincoln and Miss Jackson, the Bishop of Oxford, the Bishop of Rochester, the Bishop of St. Asaph, the Bishop of St. David's, the Earl of Harrowby. the Earl of Burlington, the Marqiis of Blandford, M.P., the Right Hon. Lord J. Russell, M.P., the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, M.P, the Right Hon. J. W. Henley, X.2., Lord Lovaine, 3LP., Lady Charles Somerset and the Hon. Miss A. Somerset, Countess WI.aldegrave and Mr. Harcourt, Vice-Chancelor and Lady Wood, Lord James and Lady Rachel Butler, the Rev. Dr. Whewell, Vice-Chancellor of the University of Cambridge, Archdeacon Hale, Archdeacon Sinclair, Mr. Masterman, M.P., 7Mr. Mowbray, I.P., Mr. E. Ball, M.P., Mr. Alexander Hastie, M.P., Rev. Canon Dale, lRev. Sir H. Thompson and Lady Thompson, Sir J. Hamilton, Mr. Kendall, M.P., Mr. B. Mope and Lady 3. Hope, the Rev. Dr. Croly, M. de Metz, Mr. and Mrs. W. Gladstone, Mlr., Mrs., and Miss Shaw Iefevre, Colonel and Miss Armytage, Captain and Mrs. Gossett, Alderman and Mrs. Hnmphery, Alderman Sir G. narroll, Alderman Farncornb and Miss Stone, Alderman Sir J. Muirove, Alderman Challis,i.., Alderman Sir F. G. Moon and Lady Moon, Alderrnan and Mrs. Finnis, Alder. man Sir R. and Lady Carden, Alderman Carter, Alderman ubitt, h.?., Alderman and Sheriff and Mrs. H. Kennedy, Alderman and Sheriff Rose. Alderman Lawrenlce, UnderSheriff Stone, l-nder-Sheriff and Mrs. Rose, &c The usual loyal toasts having been duly honoured The LoP.D Mvon proposed the "Iealth of the Archbishop of Canterbury," observing that his Grace had at all times displayed an earnestdesire to promote the spiritual welfare of those committed to his care. Indeed his zeat knew no bounds. He devoted himself heart and soul to the discharge of his duties, and scarcely a Sunday elapsed bhat he did0not preach a sermon for the benefit of one or other of those charitable institutions and educational societies in which this great city abounded. He (the Lord Mayor) had given him all the assistance that his official capacity enabledI him to afford, and to do so had been to him a labour of love, for no man had a higher appreciation than he of the importance of disseminating the precepts of true religion andpure morality among the people. The Archbishop of CANTERsBsUr, in returning thanks, remarked that the eulogies of the Lord Mayor were due rather to the office which he (the Archbishop) had the honour to fil than to any merits of his own. Hlowever, he was gratefully sensible of the Lord Mayor's kindness, and thanked him most sincerely. There wvas in this country an intimate relation between church and State, and ths Chief Magistrate had it in his power to promote in a very material degree the moral wellbeing of society by preserving order, administering justice, and paying due regard to the interests of education-matters which, well attended to, would render laws comparatively unnecesary. The union bietweeu the temporal and the spiritual powers was of essential service to the community, for it elevated the thoughts of men, gave dignity to their motives, and fostered that spirit of industry v.hich brought with it contentment, temperance, moderation, and charity. It was to be hoped, therefore, that the connexion between church and State would continue, and that it would be as much respected by future chief magistrates as it had uniformly been by the present. (Cheers.) The next toast was "-The Army and Navy," to which Colonel Armytage responded. The LORD MLAToR, in proposing " The Bench of Bishops," took occasion to say how much he regretted that the Bishop of London was not present. The Bishop of WINCIESTER, who ack-nowledged the toast, expressed the same sentiment. In that most estimable prelate the clergy of London had long found their best friend, protector. and adviser; and his absence was a great loss both to the church and to the country. The LoRD Mixop. then gave the health of " The parochial clergy of London," of whom he observed that, both peronally and officially, he entertained the highest respect tor them. At no period of England's history were the duties of that most useful class of men more zealously and efficiently performed than at the present moment. Archdeacon HALE acknowledged the toast. The next toast was " The House of Lords." The Earl of HAIrROW'By, in replying on behalf of his order, said that the members of the peerage were not a "c caste," or a distinct class. They rose from the people and mingled with them, and when possessed of talents and virtues, they vwere objects rather of admiration than of jealousy to a free and independent nation. Their House might be said to typify" order," as the Commons symbolized "C liberty."1 " The London IUniversity" having been proposed by the LORD MAYOR and acknowvledged by Lord BURLLNGTON, The LORD MAYOR gave "'the Health of Lord John ssell," coupling with the toast the sentiment of "Prosperity to the city of London." The noble lord had filled a .-arety of offices, and had signal claims on the gratitude of his country. His services were such as should never be forgotten, and his character was unblemished as the historic name he bore. Lord J. R ZrsELL replied briefy.-No other city, famous Like London for the pursaits of commerce, had evinced in eritical times a more cordial sympathy with the cause of liberty or a more zealous determnination to protect the rights of the people than had been displayed by the city of London 3tvarious periods of our history. In conclusion, he had unch pleasure in proposing "the Health of the Lord Mayor,"' agentleman of whom he wvould not hesitate to aver, t,hat there never had been a chief magistrate who had done maore justice to the dignity of his high station, or who had promoted vith greater zeal and efficiency every object that fell within the range of his official duties. The LORD MAYOR returned thanks, and proposed "the House of Commons." MB. HENELEY briefly returned thanks. The next toast was "the University of Oxford," to which MIr. GLADSTONE responded.-The Universities had filled no small space in the records and annals of this great country. Ihe rapid development of society and the progress of knowledge in modern times had put those institutions to a. severe ordeal, through which, however, they had passed uninjured. As far as the learned professions and the science of politics were concerned, the U niversities had never failed to supply a succession of men qualified in some degree to govern their country. Bet we had not as yet seen the sizaximuwn of ser ice which the Universities were capable of rendering. The day was at haud when the;r intiuence would be extended not only to statesmen and the members of learned Drofessions, but also to those who conducted the commerciaf enterprises of this country, or undertook the important duty of applying the arts and sciences to the practical business of life. " The l{ealth of Dr. M-hewell" was then proposed and responded to; and the company separated at 11 o'clock.
STRYCHhVIXE-ITS EFFECTS O ANIZIAL LIFE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TInIES. Sir,-As some of tlhe most eminent toxicologists seem to disagree relative to the effects of strychnine when taken into tlia animal economy, perhaps the following facts may be interesting to your readers. Being in Mexico in 1849 1 had an opportaunity offered me of witnessing the wholesale poisoning of wolves by nuu voinica. The plan adopted is to give an old worn out mule the poison. In a short time death ensues; the wolves, which inFest that part of Mexico-Parras-devour the carcase; they after a few hours die; their bodies in turn are eaten by the turkey buzzards, who also die. Thcee facts demonstrate that the active principle-i. c., strychnine, is not destroyed by absorption, but remains unc decomposed, though disseminated throughout the svstem in the most infinitesimal atoms. Youirs. PHILO-VEPITAS. Junc 3.
THE OUTBAGE IN VICTORIA-PARE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIM5ES. Sir,-I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your letter, together with the gostage stamps and letter of your correspondent "W. D.' We have no means of ascertaining the whereabouts of the Upoor gifrl," and as your correspondent has provided for this occurrence by appropriating the 5s. to " C. H.," the latter has thought that he could not fulfil the intentions of the AMAor in a better way than by sending the stamps to the poor-hox: of the nearest police court (Wor hip-streety, where they have been forwarded, as a donation of "W. D.,' -hrongh "C. H." 3My foreman will keep the letter of " An Indignant Eingishm::an," as a -valuable token of sympathy. I have the honour to be. vour obedient 5C?Arv" IN DIG. ANS.- d une 4.
FOREIGN INTELLIGENOE. FRANE. (2FROM OUR OWN COORRSPONDElqT.) [Thne following appeared in our second edition of yes. terdav -1 - 'A.RIS, TUESDAY, JuNE 3, 6 P.M. The question to wlhich all others are for the moment subordinate is that of the United States. It is affirmed on good authority that the state of the relations between theUnion and theEnglish Government caunot be much worse; and that, such as they are, wve may expect from one day to another to hear it announced officially that they are broken off altogether, and that our Minister has been dismissed. We also have a disagreeable affair to settle with the Mexican Government. The French Government, if it has not officially offered its friendly services towards an arrangement, has, at all events, expressed its willingness to do so; but I am not aware that our Government has yet come to any decision on the matter. It is rumoured that General Dabormida had a special mission to the Austrian Government merely because he took Vienna on his way to Warsaw, whither he was sent by the King to felicitate the Emperor Alexander. Such, I suspect, was not the case. It is true that to Count Buol one of his first, if not his first, visit was paid; a visit merely of courtesy. The interview was a private one, and, as it appears, was satisfactory. To the general proposition of censure on Governments exhausting their blood and treasure in keeping up large armies, particularly those whose finances were in a bad condition, both agreed, and it is said that the Sardinian gave assurances that his Government had no intention of doing anything to embitter the relations between it and Austria. It is not improbable that our Ministers at Turin and Vienna have received instructions, the one to cahn any excitement that may exist in the Sardinian Government, the other to tranquillize Austria. Be this as it may, the Austrian Minister in Paris is said to have expressed his intimate conviction that Piedmont -would be wrong in counting on France or England. It is perfectly reasonable to suppose that neither would approve of any aggression committed by the Piedmontese on the Austrian territory, but Count Buol believes that the sympathy expressed towards them is more apparent than reaL One of the first persons to whom the late circular was commtunicated was the English Mfinister at Vienna. Assurances have been given to the Austrian Government that the Piedmontese authorities are instructed to employ force, if necessary, in repressing any attempt made at aggression on the Austrian possessions by the refugees. Though England, France, and Austria will not fail to admonish the Pope and the King of Naples on the necessity of certain reforms in their respective Governments, the two latter, as Catholic Powers, take the initiative, while England gives her adhesion. I learn that a note has been presented by the English Miinister at Naples to the King, urging him to accord an extensive amnesty. Whether His Mlajesty wilU listen to this advice is another question. On the whole, the Austrian Government declares itself satisfied witlh the conduct of England and France on all these matters, and the language of the English MVIinister, as of the French, at Vienna, appear.s to justify his contentment. General Edgar Ney has returned from St. Petersburg, enG7nte, of coturse, wfith the reception he met wvith there. The Emperor's reception at Lyons, Valence, and Avgnon appears really to justify the account given of it in the MIoaittur. A private account says that he was affected even to tears at the manner in which he was received by the Lyons people. His intention of visitingthe scene of the inundations had only been communicated to the Minister of Public Works, who accompanies him, and it was only a few ninites before starting that he informed the Empress. He took with him allthemoney found at St.Cloud-300,0oof. -to supply the most pressing necessities of the victims of these disasters. The Emperor returns to Paris to-morrow. A despatch from Lyons states that the waters of the Rhone had again fallen a foot and a half, bet ween 6 o'clock last evening and 6 this morning. The Emperor goes to Plombi6res on the 24th. It is not certain, after all, whether the Empress goes to Biarritz. A difference of opinion has arisen among the medical men as to the propriety of exposing the Imperial infant so soon to the sea air, and the Empress is very naturally unwilling to be separated from her infant. Prince Napoleon leaves for Havre on the 12th, but returns on the 14th for the baptism. He starts immediately on his journey to the north. Cardinal Patrizzi, legate a latere, deputed byPope Pius IX. to represent him at the ceremonies of the baptism of the Imperial Prince, will arrive at Marseilles to-morrow, where he will be received by Al. Eeuillet de Conches, Master of the Ceremonies, Introducer of the Ambassadors, sent by His Imperial Majesty to await the arrival of the Cardinal; by the General commanding the ninth military division ; by the Prefect of the Department of the Mouths of the Rhone; by the General commanding the Department; by the Bishop of Marseilles, accompanied by his clergy; and by the Mayor of the city. On the arrival of his Eminence at Marseilles, and on his departure from that city, a battalion of infantry is to be drawn up on the quay, at the place of landing, and at the railvay station, to render him military honours, and a detachment of cavalry will escort his carriage. During his stay a post of honoiur, commanded by an oficer, wrill be established at the gate of his hotel. Every time the Legate drives out Ins carriage is to be escorted by a picket of honour, unless he coun'ermands it. On his arrival at Lyons Monsignor Patrizzi will find at the railway station the Cardinal Archbishop of Lyons, the Marshal commanding in chief the army of Lyons and the eighth militaly division, and the Senator in charge of the administration of the department of the Rhone. His Eminence wil receive at Lyons the same honours as at Marseilles. On his arrival at Paris the Cardinal Legate wil be met at the railway station by the Grand Master of the Ceremonies. Court carriages Will be stationed bhere to conduct his Eminence and the persons of his suite to the Palace of the Tuileries, where apartments will be prepared for his reception. The Grand MIaster of the Ceremonies will immediately apprise the Emperor of tlle arrival of the prelate, and the same evening the Cardinal will be admitted to a private audience by His Majesty. The day it may please the Emperor to appoint, his Eminence will be admitted by His Majesty to a public audience. A Master and a Deputy Master of the Ceremonies, accompanied by thlree Court carriages, Vwill wait on the Legate and conduct him to the Emperor. The first carriage will be occupied by the Crossbearer and the Deputy Master of the Ceremonies. The second is to be reserved for the Legate and the Master of the Ceremonies, and the third for the persons of the suite of his Eminence. The cortige will enter the Court of the Tuileries by the gate of honour. Troops will line the passage and carry arms, and the drums will beat. A detachment of cavalry will escort the carriages. The Grand Master of the Ceremonies will meet the Pontifical Envoy at the bottom of the grand staircase, to conduct him to the Emperor's audience, at which are to be present the Ministers of Foreign Affairs and of Public Instruction and Religious Worship, the CGrand Chamberlain and the Officers of the Imperial Household on duty. The Emperor will be standing in front of the throne, and I the Legate, after saluting His Majesty, will present the Pontifical brief and deliver a speech. The same day, or the next, his Eminence will wait on the Empress. He wvill pay the first .visit to Prince Jerome Napoleon, and wvill receive, on the following days, those of the other Imperial Princes, of .the Ministers, the grland officers of the Crown, the officers of the households of their Majesties' and of the Princes and Princesses of the Imperial F1'amily, who are all to wear the letit uniform. When his Eminence shall drive out officially the cross, the external sign of his dignity will be placed in a separate coach and carried only in the interior of the churches or the localities he may visit. In the Imperial Palaces the cross wMill not be caried beyond the waiting saloon. Whenever the Legate appears in public, precededby the cross, the military posts on his passage will turn out and render honours. A special service for the bedchamber, table, and stable is to be organized for his Eminence. The Cardinal Legate, at his departure from Paris, and as far as the frontier, is to receive the same honours as on his arrival. According to the private correspondence of the Monitei'r de la, 17otte the Russians had alregdy reS moved a portion of tha artillery and war smaterieZ from the fortress of Ismail, on the Danube. That important point is to be delivered to the Moldavian Government in its present condition, but without its armament. The flotilla of gunboats, which had sought refuge in the port of Ismail, is to be conveyed to the Don, where, after being disarmed, they are to serve as transports for the wants of the local navigation. Ismail wil be totally evactuated towards the 15th June, and the Russians will afterwards disarm the fortress of Reni, which, in virtue of the treaty, is also to be given up to Mloldavia. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received ;- " BERLIN, Jumx 3. " The Russian diplomatic corps in Europe is to undergo the following modifications:-Baron Budberg, now in this city, will beremoved to Vienna; Baron Brunow, now in Paris, will fill the post of Ambassador at Berlin; and Prince Dolgorouki, ex-Minister of War, will proceed to Paris." " MAIDRID, J-u- 2. " The (azeule publishes the speech delivered by hL Waldkirch, on demanding, in the name of the King of Greece, the hand of the Infanta, sister of the King of Spain, for the heir presumptive to the crown of Greece. The demand was made at an audience given by the Queen, and to which Her Majesty gave a satisfactory reply. " The Cortes has just declared unanimously that they are wevll atisfied with the financial operation which the Government has effected for the redemption of the 200,000,000 of the floating debt." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 741. 95c. for the end of the month; and the Newv Loan at 75f. 20c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,450f.; Great Northern, 1,152f. 50c.; Strasburg, 975f.: new shares, 895f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,535f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,780f.; Western of France, 965f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 800f.; Great Central of France, 705f.; Lyons and Geneva, 835f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier,1,890f.; Austrian railways, 918f.75c. Cours Authcntiqas.-PAPIs, June 3.-Cash Pzices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. 50c. 40c.; Three per Cents., 74f. 75c. 50c. 40c. 30c. l0c.; ditto second Loan of 18I5 (55 per cent. paid), 7f.; ditto Certificates (i5 per cent. paid), 7Sf.; Bank of France, 4,150f.; Credit Foncier, 705f. ex div. ; ditto Obligations of 600f£, Four per Cents., 440. - ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; Credit Mrobilier, 1,905f. 1,900f1. 1,890f£; Discount Bank} 700f.; Piedmonte3e Five per Cents., 93£ * ditto Three per cents., 60f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 9i2; Bomans, 87; Spanish Three per Cents., 47; ditto Interior Debt, 4' 43. Exchange on t ondon, at sight, money, 2Sf. 35c,; three months, papxer, 2Sf. Sc.; money, 2Sf. AUSTRIA. (FRoBr OUIR OWN COREsrONDENT.) VIENNA, AY SL The publication by the Hanoverian Gazette of a circular w hich was forwarded by Count Buol to the Austrian diplomatic agents at the different European Courts soon after Count Cavour's note of the 16th of April has greatly annoyed people in office, as the document contains the expression of opinions relative to Sardinia which were not intended to meet the public eye. The Austrian Government attributes the " critical" situation of Italy to the political ferment caused by the recent language of the Sardinian Ministers and Deputies, but such can hardly be the case, as travellers who have recently arrived fiom the Italian Peninsula assure me that the inhabitants of the Roman and Neapolitan States are in almost total ignorance of what passes in Sardinia. One of the travellers alluded to, who is one of our fellow-countrymen, states that there is a very general feeling of discontent in Italy, " but little chance of a serious outbreak," as the people well know that they cannot obtain the fulfilment of their wishes by force. Some little authentic intelligence has also been received from Parma. The number of persons who have been arrested in that duchy is between 150 and 160, and about 40 have been transported to the fortresses in Lombardy, but my informant was unable to say why the subjects of, the Duchess Louisa of Parma had been removed to Austrian prisons. The state of siege, which is no longer so strictly maintained as it was a fortnight or three weeks since, vwill be abolished "as soon as the political offenders have been tried," which, put into plain English, means that it is likely to be maintained for an indefinite period. The Parmna Gazette not long since denied that there was an Austrian police in the duchy, but the official paper is less well-informed than are some of the inhabitants of this city, who well know that the Director of the Police in the Ducal capital is M. Francesconi, formerly a coincillor of the Government at Milan. It may be observed, en passant, that the news of the amnesty granted by the Emperor Alexander to the Polish fugitives and e7nigrants has not made an agreeable impressiohn here, as men in office clearly see that it is the policy of Russia to obtain a character for generosity and magnanimity at the expense of the more civilized empire of Auitria. Baron Kubeck, the nephew of the late President of the Council of the Empire, has been nominated Vice-President of the Government of Lombardy, and the appointment is lkely to produce a favourable impression on the inhabitants of !ilan, as the gentleman in question bears a high reputation for humanity and benevolence. Baron Kubeck was, a few years since, the Secretary of the Austrian Embassy in London. Not long since -you were told that Count Thun had, by order of the Emperor, directed the Stadtholders of Upper and Lower Austria to see that Protestants were buried as they had been before the Archbishop of Vienna forwarded the so often mentioned circular of the 25th February to the clergy of the archiepiscopal see. The news was probably spread by the Ultramontane party in order to pacify the non-Catholic inhabitants of the empire, but even in Vienna the truth sooner or later becomes known, and I am able to state, and positively too, that the circular of the Minister for Ecclesiastical Afrairs, which was addressed to the Stadtholders of all the Crown lands, is in the highest degree unfavourable to the claim made by the Protestant subjects of His Majesty to be interred in the family vaults wvhich had been constructed at their expense in the general cemeteries. In the preamble to the circular it is said that, as the cemeteries were consecrated by the Roman Catholic clergy, they alone have a right to make arrangements respecting them, and therefore the Protestants have to apply to the bishops, if they consider themselves aggrieved in any matter connected with the interment of their relatives. The circular is a lengthy document, but the gist of the thing is-1. That the former regulations relative to the burial of Protestants in the general cemeteries are null and void. 2. That the instructions recently issued by the bishops to their clergy respecting the cemeteries are also to serve for the guidance of the civil authorities. 3. That the Protestants are entirely dependent on the will of the Roman Catholic bishops in matters connected with the general cemeteries. 4. That the circular is to be kept from the knowledge of the public. The document is said to have been drawn up by Count Thtu and Baron Bach, the Minister of the Interior; but, if so, the latter,who is a far shrewder man than his colleague, lays no claimnto a shale in the honour and glory of the thing. General Prince Francis Lichtenstein was very well received at Warsaw, and it is natural that such should have been the case, as he belongs to a race which has always been on the most intimate terms with the members of the Russian Imperial family. Prince Francis Lichtenstein is also one of the leaders of the Russian party in this city, and consequently a persoza grata to the Emperor Alexander and his suite. PrinceWindischgrait has met with a very distinguished reception at Berlin, which circumstance excites no surprise here, where it is known that in his opinion the future weal of Europe depends on the re-establishment of the Holy Alliance. ITALY. (rn0os OUPn OWN cOnBESPONDElT.) TURIN, MAY 30. Thi Chamber of Deputies has just paid a very flattering compliment to the Commander of the Sardinian Ary of the East, General della Marmora, by voting him a piece of buil ding-ground amounting to about an English acre, from the glacis of the Citadel of Trin, which is now in course of destruc. tion. This testimonial was demanded by a requisi. tion signed by 116 Deputies, and, the project having been submitted to a commission of the House, it was immediately reported upon favourably, and having been brought for vard for discussion yesterday, was passed wvithout debate by 97 votes in favour to 9 against it, the members of the Extreme Right abstaining from Voting. The sum total of the estimates of expenditure for the year 18S7 were then put to the vote, and, no member claiming to speak, they were approved in the agggregate by 92 votes for to 15 against. These eesimates amount to 143,726,266f. 78c., which is divided in the following manner:- F. C. inance -.. ... 76,299.Q42 4 Grace and Justice ... ... 4 4324,31 2 Foreignofice .. ... 103,105 53 Pnblic Instuct.on 2,031989 1 Interior 7 7,462,510 76 Publich orks . . 14,705,206 47 War ... 33,291,768 76 I{avy .. 4,304,292 59 Total .. ... 143,76,W66 78 The Chamber also agreed to new lines of railway, one branching froa the Turin and Novara Railway at Chiavasso to Ivrea and the Val d'Aoste; and the other from Alessandria to Acqui. To-morrow is fixed by the President of the Council for replying to certain interpellations on the subject of a political amnesty of which hf. Valerio has given notice, and the most important business of the session having been now completed, as far as the Lower House is concerned, by the passing of the estimates, it is expected it will be adjourned from to-morrow until the Senate shall have discussed the budget, when both houses will be prorogued. General della Marmora and staff arrived yesterday evening at Spezzia in the Sardinian war steamer Governolo, and, as the health of all on board is reported good, they w ll only be subject to a quarantine of three days, so that the General may be expected in Genoa on Monday next. The Genoa Municipality has decided on an illumination and other demonstrations of welcome in honour of General della Marmora and his gallant troops, and in return for the delicate attention shown by the General in sending it some tablets found in tshe Crimea, commemorative of the power of the Genoese Republic in the East. The troops arrive rapidly now from the Crimea, and all in excellent health. As soon as the whole havereturned there is to be a grand review at Turin or Alessandria, at which there is to be a distribution by the King of decorations, Sardinian, French, and English, the representatives of France and England supporting His Majesty. Our news from other parts of Italy has been extremely meagre the last few days. In Lombardy it is said the military authorities are taking extraordinaryprecautions, as if in anticipation of an outbreak, though, fortunately, as yet there are no other symptoms of the peace being disturbed. A letter from Parma received yesterday describes the state of that city as unchanged. Military law continued in full rigour. Trade and amusements were alike put a stop to under this system; and the writer says he sees no prospect of any amelioration, and so weary was he himself of this protracted stagnation, that, like many others, he was about to leave his business, and pass into another pat of Italy until better times. A new publication is about to make its appearance in Turin, which promises to be of great service to the cause of Italy, and will, no doubt, prove very acceptable to those who wish to receive early and authentic information from the Peninsula. This is a lithographic paper to be called Cor;cspondaiwe Iaelienne Lithograplbie, which will appear daily, and contain the most important intelligence in politics, science, and commerce from all parts of Italy, in the Frenchlanguage. Like the Prussian and Austrian " correspondents," it will receive semi-official communications, and it is to be directed by Signor Stefani, formerly secretary of the Piedm?ntese Gazetfte, and now agent for Rann's telegraphic despatches.
COUNT MONTALEMBERT AND THTE PRESS IN FRA XC 'C. The followling is Count de Montalembert's speech, in the sitting of the LegislativeBody on the 3Lst nit., on the bill (projet de loi) for sending printed papers by post:- " I wish to state in two words why I shall not vote for the bill, despite the progress which it realizes in certain respects. I cannot approve the two flrs articles, which keep up, and, even exaggerate, the distinction of the postal tarifffor political and non-political journals. I can understand that this distinction was made formerly, when politics played a leading part in France. Yes, when hberty was universal, when political agitation reigned everywhere, when men leant on that side at tho risk of upsetting, as happened more than once, I understand that the Government and that statesmen of every opinion thought it wise and prudent to endeavour to check the excessive development of the political press. But now a far different spirit pre. vails, not only in public offices, but throughout the whole country. 'Whit necessity is there for maintaining a heavier tariff for political journals than for others in a bill which proposes to simplify and ameliorate the position of the press in general? Surely the present Government is not insufficiently armed against the political press. There is, first of al, the stamp imposed exclusively upon political publications. Then there is the necessity of obtaining a preliminary permission, which -did not formerly exist, and which is now the common law for every political publication, either for a new publication or for one where there is a change in the direction or editorship. Then there is, again, the heavy penalty of warning- and suppression after two warnings. I shall not examine now into how far this penalty has been properly applied-whether innocent and legitimate discussions have not often been punishedcwhenwhat was really dangerous andoulpable hasbeen spared. The rightof warning and the execution of that right arenot brought in question now. Bat, consideringthe obstacles and penalties I have just enumerated, I ask whether a postal tariff ought still to be retained which makes the position of political journals harder than that of other publications? According to my ideas, there is no ground for this distinction. Once more, I3 admit that formerly, considering the overwhelming political excitement of the country, a moderating check was necessary; that check never sufficiently existed, but, as is always the case in France, the absence of a check has been supplied by an excess of one-and what has been the result ? What has been gained ? The suppression of all political life. And that poEtical agitatior which might with justice be deplored, by what hasit been replaced? By the whirl of speculation; the great French nation could notresign itself to slumber, to inactivity. Politicallife wasreplacedby thefeverof speculation, bythethirst forlucre, bytheinfatnation of gambling. On all sides, even in our small towns, even in our vilages, men are carried away by the mania of making those rapid fortunes of which there are so many examples-those fortunes achieved without trouble, without labour, and often without honour. I seek for no other proof than the bill which has just been laid be. fore you against anonymous societies (soCieteS en conmmanditc). Copies have just been distributed to us; I have not had time to examine it; I feel, however, incined to support it, despite the not a little Draconian regulations which I fancy I discovered there. If the remedy is so urgent and so considerable the evil must be so likewise. The real source of that evil is the sleep of aU political spirit in France. The acts of self-denial which interrnpt me warn Eme that my appreciation is not 'that of every one. Such is my oonviction, and I will be allowed to adhere to it. And the evil which I point to is not the only one resulting from the same source. While the higher and middle classes, those ancient poEtical classes, give themselves up to speculation, another labour presents itself among the lower classes of society, whence nearly all the revolutions emanatedwhich France has suffered. Atthe sight of this fearful mania of gambling which has made avast gambling booth of nearly aU France, the position of the masses which has been invaded by Socialists has felt itself more dominated than ever by the avidity of gain. Hence an unquestionable progress in secret societies, a greater and deeper development of those savage passions, which almost calumniate Socialism by adopting its name, and which have been recently weU shown up in all their intensity in recent trials at Paris, Angers, and elsewhere. Do not suppose, gentlemen, that by the side of these alarming symptoms I overlook the compensations and consolations which the glorious situation of France abroad presents. No one recognizes that glory more readily than I do. No one salutes it with greater admiration. But the life of a nation such as France can no more concentrate itself in success and triumphs abroad than in agitation and interests at home. The Government which fell in 184 (and I say it the more readily, as I am not one of those who waited for its fall before bringingthe charge againstit)-the wise and liberal Government whichfell in 1848 had not, psrhaps, sufficiently felt how much in need France stoo of occupation and contentment without. It thought it had [ done everything by providing mere than sufficient food for the activity, the passion, and the imagination of the country externally. To-day it may be feared, while everything is satisfaction and glory without, al will no wed ',o live at home which the intelligence, the ! rt, and the imagination of France exact. These are the reasons which induce me to regret the terms of the new bill, which tend to hamper and compress political ideaq and discussions. As it is not in mypower to amend it, I shall vote against it, rendering justice at the same time to the ameliorations which it contains." THE L-NDi MAms.-SouTn=ox, June 4.-The PeninsuLar and Oriental Company's steamer Indus, Captain Brooks, with the India, China, and Mediterranean mails, sailed this afternoon for Alexandria with 58 passengers, among whom are the Ron. G. Edwards and the Hon. G. Talbot and family, Major and Mrs. Hodson, and Captain Carruthers; specie for India and China, 490,160Z. * Malta and Alexandria, 1,5501.; total, 491,7101., and a full general cargo,
THE OXFORD COMAIEMORATION. (FRROm OUR Ow-V mEPORTER.) The series of forms and festivities with which it is the time-honoured custom of Oxford to celebrate the memory of its many "Founders" culuinated yesterday in the grand day, emphaticallvthe " Commemoration," under more than usually interesting circumstanaces. The usages of the weel always curiously blend the serious and the gay; on the sermon follows the boat race, the lecture is succeeded by the flower show, tlle orations by the concert; but this year Oxford has deferred for a brief space itsrejoicingson the conclttsionof peace, andthus a general illumination addeda displayof national feetingon a greatpresent event to the more local expressions of gratitude to the past. Nor has the war itself been unfavourable to the commemoration of the year; one of the last important events of the conffict gave to the military history of the nation a name that wil for ever occupy a foremost place in it; and much, it may be even said, a very great part of the interest with which the proceedings of yesterday were invested, sprang from the- announcement that Sir W. Fenwick Williams, the defender of Kars, was among those on whom the University purposed to confer its honour's. Indeed, the list of the recipients of this mark of distinction indicates how deeply the feeling of the hour reflects the emotions of the short but eventful period the country has just passed through. This list in- eludes three Generals, of whom two have borne pro-' minent, if not equal parts in the military operations; two Adrmirals, of whom nearly the same may be said; next, there is the representative of the Sultan, in whose cause the allies drew the sword, Musurus Bey; and the Earl of Clarendon, the Minister and negotiator of England who signed the treaty of peace. The interest of the day's proueedings was still further increased by the presence of Prince Frederic William of Prussia and the Prince of Baden, on both of whom the honorary degree of D.C.L. was also to be conferred. The anxiety to gain admission to the Theatre wvas excessive, and taxed to the utmost the kindness of al those privileged to pass a friend through the barriers, which were guiarded with almost military severity. The ladies and the under-graduates had a priority in this respect; the upper gallery, it is needless to say, was rapidly filled by the latter, a fact immediately notified to all within and without the building by an uproar that scarcely ceased for the long hour that elapsed before the proceedings commenced, and was rather suspendcd than quelled duringtheir continuance. The ladies' seats-most strictly reserved seats, for not a gentleman was permitted to encroach on them-filled more slowly. It was not long, however, before they too were crowded; and a more brilliant appearance than the " dress circle" presented cannot be imagined. It was a round of the gayest and most graceful ilrttes, the varied colours -of the costumes, and the remarkable quietude of those who wore them contrasting in every respect favourably with the dusky mass of tumult that was shouting in the gallery above,without mitigation or remorse of voice. Anything and everything was cheered as usual, and anybody at all objectionable was dulv apprised of the sentiments of the Upper Thousand towards them. Some local notabilities were received in a manner indicating they were better known than liked in the higher regions ; but, on thewhole, a commendable amount of goodtemper was exhibited. The selection of ladies' bonnets commenced early,butthepositivecolourswere soon ex hausted, and we observe thiat the neutral tints escape notice, being difficult to define with sufficient exactness. So, -when the cheers for "the Red, White, and Blue" had been given, " the Lady with the Fan," and "the Lady with the Opera-glass" were picked out; as there were scores of -glasses and hundreds of faus this was also a very gene- lalcompliment. Then came cheers for individuals, known and unknown. "Omar Pasha" fell flat; so did "the Sultan," they seemed rather abstract ideas ; but "Musurus" obtained great success. So did " the Earl of Clarendon ;" "Lord Stratford" found no response, and to " Cardigan" there were dissentients. The cheers for Prince Albert were unanimous, and for " General Williams," enthusiastic. Between the expression of private antipathies and public homage the time wore on, till, at U1 o'clock, the procession of University authorities, in al the splendour of robes and maces, entered the Theatre. The Chancellor (the Earl of Derby) took his seat, having his Royal Highness Prince Albert on his right hand, and Prince Frederic William of Prussia and the Prince of Baden on his left. The principals of the several colleges and the candidates for the honours of the day were around and below them. The Chancellor then read the list of those on whom the degree of D.C.L. was to be conferred, lionaris cautsfi; they were:- His Royal Highness Prince Frederic William of Prussia. His Royal Highness the Prince of Baden. Count Bernstorff. His Excellency Musurus Bey, Miinister Plenipotentiary of His Imperial Majesty the Sultan. The Right Hon. the Earl of Clarendon, K.G., G.C.B. The Right Hon. the Earl of Elgin and Eincardine, K.T. The Right Hon. Lord Ashburton. Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons, Bart., G.C.B., K.C.H. Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir R. Saunders Dundas, E.C.B. Sir Henry Holland, Bart., MLD., F.R.S. Mlajor-General Sir Colin Campbell, G.C.B. MIajor-General SirW. Fenwick Williams, of Kars, Bart., R.A., K.C.B. Major-General Sir HarryD. Jones, R.E., K.C.B., Governor of the Royal lilitary College, Sandhurst. Lord Abercorn. Dr. Sandwith. Dr. Barth. The name of the Prince of Prussia was received with a loud and hearty burst of applause; so was that of the Prince of Baden; the same token of I recognition and approval was bestowed on the Earl of Clarendon, the Earl of Elgin, and Lord Ashburton. The cheers for Sir Edmund Lyons and Sir C. Campbell -were very hearty; indeed, all the names were well received; but that of General Williams was welcomed by a perfect storm of applause which lasted for several minutes, though the Chancellor had laid particular emphasis on the words "etiam, absens." It was generally regretted that this gallant officer was not present to witness the enthusiasm his name excited in the hearts of so many of his countrymen. It was a tribute of which any man, whatever his services, might. be proud. The names were then proposed seriatim to the doctors and masters by Dr. Travers T wiss, Regius Professor of Civil Law; the undergraduates, as usual, volunteering the reply of " p1sacet." The customaryLatin oration, in praise of the Founders, followedthe formal proceedings of conferring the honorary degrees. It was delivered by the Rev. T. L. Claughton, of TrinityCollege,Professor of Poetry. Digressing slightly from the main topic of the oration he alluded to some of the chief events of the war, and the opportunity presented by the restoration of peace of extending the light of civilization and the Gospel. :e was frequently interrupted by the underg,raduates, wrhose attention to this part of the proceedings was not quite reverential. The following prize compositions were then read: -k Latin essay, "Physicarum Scientiarum Proerressus," by Mr. Hemming Robeson, Scholar of 1Ualliol College ; an English historical essay (the Earl of Stanhope's prize, instituted last year) on " the Character of the Chancellor Clarendon," by Mlr. FR. W. He3iderson, of MKagdalen College; a Latin poem, "M lors Socratis," .by Mr. E. C. Wickham, Fellow of New College; an English essay on "the Reciprocal Action of the Physical and Moral Conditionof Countries ulpon each other," by .fr. S. Harvey Reynolds, B.Ae, Fellow of Brasenose College; and an English prize poem, "in Alfred surveying Osford University at the present time," by Mri. W. Powell James, Scholar .of Oriel College. T'his poem is so far an innovation on an established rule that it is written in a measture that has never yet gained a prize at Oxford. The Ten-syllable couplet, or blank' verse, have hitherto been the usual leasures adopted in these compositions:-" Alfred" is written in verses of four lines, the last line shorter than the other three, like Tennyson's Palacc ofA rt. Though | the prizc poem gained nothing in effect from the manner in which it was recited it made a very I favourable impression; several passages were muchl, | applauded. The Chancellor then declared the proceedings terminated, and quitted the theatre. The building had scarcely been cleared, when it began to fill again for the Oratorio of -the Crehio22, in which Madamne Goldschmidt and Madame Viardot were announced to sing. Some of tha chorusses could be heard outaide the gates, an-advantage that was juliciously improved by.a large crowd. At the conchision of the proceedmgas in the theatre the Royal party drove in their State-carflages to Woreester College, where they were sumptuously entertained by the Vice-Chancellor. lroxa Worcester College they were conveyed to the TownhalL The Prince Consort having graciouily accorded his assent to receive an address from the city, 2 o'clock was fixed for the ceremony, and by Athat hour the hall and the approaches to it in Carfa2 and St. Aldate's were crowded with persons anxous to obtain a view of the Prince and his illustrious guests. 'A few miinutes after the hour named the Royal coi-ge miade its appearance, aucd drove up to the principal entrance. Prince Albert and the foreign Princes were received, on alighting, by the mayor, aldermen, town-clerk, and fherifft and conducted into the hall amid the loud hurrahs of the assembled multatude, the numerous and splendid suite and staff of the noble and distinguished visitors following in the rear. Arrived at the end of the room the Town-clerk approached and read the following address -. "To His ROYAL HIGiEss THE PRIXCE ALBRpT. - Wqe, the Mayor, Sheriff, Aldermen, Xagstrates, and citizens of Oxford, beg leave to offer our dutiful respects to your Royal Highness and to your illustrious guests the Princes of Prussia and Baden-Baden, on the occasion of your visit to this city. "We rejoice in the opportmity now afforded to us of expressing to your Royal Highnessour unabated attachment to the person of Her Majesty the Queen, your Royal Highness, and the Rloyal Family, and our deep sense of the benefit arising to all Her Majesty's subjects fromn the bright example afforded to them of every religious and moral virtue exhibited in your R oyal person, and of the encouragenment shomun by Her Majesty and your Royal High. ness to all institutions- for the promotion of arts, science, and invention. " We- gratefully acknowledge the interest Her Majesty and your Royal Highness have tak-en in the establishment of public free libraries, which in this city has already been attended with the most beneficial results. " We sincerely pray that Divine Providence mnay continue to watch over the safety of the lives of Her Yajesty and yor Royal Highness. " Oxford, June 4V " JAMES PFnE, Mayor. Prince Albert replied in the following terms:- " I beg to thank you for the address which you have presented to me, and I assure yon that it affords me sincere satisfaction again to visit your ancient city. I have had the pleasure of taking part in the proceedings of this morning, and, in company with my two honoured guests, have spent a very happy day." The reading of the address and its acknowledgment was followed by hearty cheering ana hurrahs. The illustrious party then retiredto their carriages and drove off to Christ Church, pausing for a moment, c7.2passaat, to inspect the free public library, with which his Royal ffighness expressed his great satisfaction. Throughout the evening the city was brilliantly illuminated.
UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. CMB1RIDGE. JUNE 3. The Vice-Chancellor begs to inform the members of the Senate that Her Majesty the Queen has been graciously pleased to appoint Thursday next, the 5th of Jine, at a quarter past 3 o'clock, for receiving the address from the University of Cambridge at Buckingham Palace. The Vice-Chancellor requests that those members of the UnLiversity who wish to attend at the presentation of the address avisi he at the Thatched House Tavern, in St. James's-street, at half-past 2 o'clock precisely, i their properacademical dress, when they wall be anformed in what manner they are to proceed to the Palace. OnD-DR OF rnOnESSiox, IN rsFrsrENTG res ADDnnss or Fnz UssVTfStslr AT BUGcXoltAss PAILCE, JUSE 5. The Bedells. The Chancellor. The Vice Chancellor, accompanied by the RegistTary. The nigh Steward. The Commisary. Noblemen. Ecads of Colleges. Members of the Caput. Public Orator. proctors. Doctors in Divinity. Doctors in Civil IAW. Doctors inMedicine. Assessor to the Vice-Chancellor. Professors. i8crutators. Taxors. Librarian. Bachelors offDiinity. Masters of Arts, Non Regents. Masters of Arts, Regents. Bachelors of Law. B3chelors of Medicine. Bachelors of Arts %, It is requertea that the members will keep their order in enterirn the Reception Room. JuNE 4. THE Possox PBnx, For the best Greelk Iambics, Snbject-Shakspean6, Hcnry VI., part 3, act 1, scene 4, " She wolf of France, but worse than wolves of France," to the -words " And yet be seen to wear a woman's face"- is adjudged to Arthur Holmes, of St. John's College. THE C l:DEN. MEDAL, Subject-" Arcus coelestis," is adjudged to Herbert Snow, of St. John's College.
THE 1BIPLE BRIGADE. TO THIE EDITOE OF THE TIDUES. Sir-As a non-commissioned officer of the Rifles, I feel rather annoyed at your reporter's remarks in your journal of this day upon our " pace" at the review at the laying of the foundation stone of the Wellington College at Sandhurst; but, knowing they were the result of ignorance,* I feel constrained to place the exact circumstances of the case before you. We had marched from Aldershott at an early hour the same morning, some nine or ten miles; htlted one hour for refreshment; then, before marching past, stood for more than two hours under a burning hot sun, fully accoutred, with knapsack, havresack, and wooden canteen. We then doubled for the space of 400 yards (instead of, as your reporter says, 100), and the " pace" was as good as could be maintained by men sinking at every step kneedeep in slippery mire. Such being the facts, is it any wonder that three mea fainted out of about 2,000? It is a melancholy truth that a sergeant was carried a corpse off the field, his death being caused by the rupture of a bloodvessel in the internal region of the heart, after 20 years' and 7 months' ser;ice. Allow me to suggest that it is rather s rising so many of the household tioops fell out, considerng the railway landedthem on the spot. Knowing thatyour columns are always open to espouse the cause of your humblest readers, I take the liberty of sending these few lines, trusting they will find a place in your valuable Daner. Yours obediently. - - ONE WHO WENT TEROFGH IT. .North Uamp, Aldershott, une i. *Thero was no "ignorance" in thematter. l;o ordinary labourer, no gamekeeper, no gentleman thinks anything of a nine miles' walk. Thero was no " burning hot sun," the knapsacks were of course empty, and the distance done at " the double" was certainly not 150 yards. The ground was not " knee deepin slippery mnire." It was not, indeed, a turnpike road, but surely a Ri'de Regiment does not expect turnpike roads to be provided for it everywhere. It was net nearly so deep as a common turnip-field in the shoot. tug season, and the men. mnst have been but in poor condition wrho could not have gone 150 yards at six miles au hour over such ground.
CRYSTAL PALACE. TO THE EDITORI OF THE T=IES. Sir,-I trust tlat you will give admission intothe colurns of your wsidely circulated journal to the com plints which I, in common with many others, have to make against the Crystal Palace Company. The Crystal Palace Comnany, prior to the commencement of their present season (beginng May 1), advertised the pric at which tickets of admission for the year were to be sold. The price of tickets of admission to the Crystal Palace were to be one guinea, but the tickets for admission to the Palace and to a series of concerts were to be two guineas, and the holders of the two-guinea tickets were to be the only persons admitted to the concerts. This arrangement, of course, held out a strong inducement, to parties anxious to hear these concerts without being subjected to the incon. venience and pressure of a large crowd, to pay the extra guinea; arnd I, among many others, did not hesit%te to pay or the double ticket to procure these advantages for mv wife and myself. I will not dwel upon the fact of mnyfmi.- ing afterwards that, in order really to gain the advantages I bad supposed that the original ticket would have secured to me, I had to pay two extra halferowns for reserved seats. for I paid my halfcrowns and found myself less well off in the reserved seats (being exposed to the full glare and heat of the sun) than I was in the unreserved ones, to which I hastily made my retreat; but what I do wish, not only to call the attention of the public to, but against which I desire most strongly to remonstrate, is that, having secured all the guinea subscribers they could get, the Company niow advertise that any one who chooses to pay Ts. Gd. mY, attend these concerts, thus allowing the guinea subscriberg. tD bc elbewed out of their places by these casual subscribers, and withdrawing from them the very advantages which ini many cases induced them to subscribe. I cannot think that thisisfair or right, and I trust that you will, through the midiAmm nF s'rn,,- qmir. PrnOSe this act of iniustice. - A LOVEER OE JUSTICE. -- CRsTAI PALACE.-O,B S==G DA,Y Wednesaay, June 4-Admissions on payment, 5,6139; ditto, by season tickets. 703; total visitors, 6,872.
THE AGRICULTURAL SHOW AT PARIS. [ne toUowing appeareod -i our second editAon of yea. tr Y :-I (FRO0 OUIt AGRICULTURAL CORRESPOND.NOT.) rAlAni, J UNx S. This great International Exhibition seems to become every day more attractive. It is now thronged with crowds of well-dressed people, which remind us of 'the first Crystal Palace.' The arrangement of the greatcentralapace, withits groups of beautifulflowers and the walks winding among the green turf and trees, far surpasses in effect the appearance it pre- i 5ented last year, when filled with specimens of manufactures and art. Viewed from the galleries it is impogsible to conceive anything more strikingly beautiful than the tot cnsemble of this soene. The constantly shifting figures of the moving, mass below, dressed in every pleasing diversity of colour, the glistening of fountains in the sunshine and among the trees, the hum of voices, and the contrast of the green turf below with the bright blue of the stained glass above at either end of the building, produce altogether an effect so attractive that one is loth to leave it. 3Iusic alone is wanting to render this scene of fairyland complete. In England we know how to produce the best cattle and sheep, but in Frauce they know best how to show them. It would be unfair, however, to compare the arrangements of any of our agricultural shows with this. In England these are got up by the national societie3 of each county, supported by the private subscriptions of their nmembers, and without any aid from the State. Hlere that art, which is the oldest as it is the most neceasary of human industry, the improvement of wrhich, by making food more abundant, is the true basis of every other art or industry, is made a matter of national concern. The finest building in the world for such an exhibition is appropriated to it. No consideration of expense is permitted to interfere with the perfecting of the arrangements necessary for its ample acconumodation. The Emperor and Empress *isit and countenance it. The ablest practical improvers of the art from every country in Eturope are attracted to it. It forms the great topic of conversation in every circle, the chief object of interest, now that the war is terminated, throughout all France. True, agriculture in Engiand has flourished independently of State assistance, but improvement has nowv begun in France, and with her superior organization it may be expected to progress with a degree of speed which may soon overtake uIs. England has her President of Trade to regulate all matters of trade and commerce, but as a rmatter of State concern she ignores the existence of agriculture. France has her Minister of Trade and Conunerce too, but before trade and commerce he is also first of all the Minister of Agriculture. We left off yesterday with the Ayrshire stock. The next in the catalogue are the polled Angus, Aberdeen, and Galloway breed of hornless black cattle. This class, wlhich is one of the most attractive in the show, were first lodged in an outside shed, -bllt by the persevering energy of Mr. Hall Maxwell, the Secretary of the Highland Society, they have nowv found more suitable quarters in the main building. Mr. ArCombie carries off the first prize here; but the animal which gained the first prize last year at Carlisle is here placed nowhere. Mr. John Anderson's bull, and that of Mr. Beattie, are much admired. Our French neighbours have taken a great fancy to this breed of cattle, and the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals are quite enthusiastic about it. Probably the absence of enclosures in France has something to do with it, for certainly a hornless animal encountered on an open plain lools less formidable than one with the horns of a West Highlander. "H Here is a breed of cattle," they say, " neither short-horned nor long-horned, but with no horns at all, and that is the sort of domestic animal we want in a civilized country." Those who happened to be present at Dunliirk when the Scotch cattle were landed from the steamboat can appreciate their advantage. A West Highland bull cleared the quay in a moment, and then made straight at the two imposing Gendarmes, who in right of office occupied the most prominent place at the landing-stage, and who incontinentlyfled from the unequal combat, but with hastily drawn s-.vords and shouting through their bristling moustaches "Sacre! boaf-sao61! bcif!" The WYest Highlander is better known to the Parisians, for in the Jardin des Plantes two of these cattle figure among the zoological specimens. The astonishment of one of the Scotch exhibitors at finding an animal with his own brand, and which 'e sold in the north two years ago, shown, as he said, " among the wild beasts," may be easily conceived. There he stands within his lofty enclosure, with head erect and attitude as defiant as any of the caged and shaggy race near him. The show of this bzeed is scarcely up to the mark. Their hardy qualities ought to have sustained them in their long journey, but the confinement seems to have told more on them than on any other breed from our country. Messrs. Smith take the first prize, and MIr. Neill IMIalcolm, Mr. A. Stewart, and Mr. Allan Pollok, the second, third, and fourth for bulls; while the Duk-e of Sutherland, Mr. Pollok, and MIr. John Gordon, in succession, carry off the prizes for cows. For the small Kerry race of the WVest of Ireland there are 23 entries, while of the famous Hereford and Devon breeds of England there are but five and seven entries respectively. This seems very strange, inasmuch as the distance from Kerry is so much greaterthan fromtheEnglish counties, and thechance of selling the stock to foreign breeders so much less. WVe do not find anything in the stock themselves which calls for special note. The principal prizes are taken by Lord Talbot and Mr. George Roe. Wre shall now pass to a different department of the E.xhibition, thatof vegetable products, reservingfor another occasion a description of the sheep and of the various races of French and foreign cattle. Along the south wall of the gallery are ranged the agricultural products of France, at the north-east side those of Algeria and the French colonies, and on the north-west those of foreigners, including British, of course. MIany of these collections are, as a whole, extremelyinterestingandinstruetive. The^Algerianstand s probably the one that excites mos attention. Both wheat and barley of this year's (1856) crop are here exhibited. But let us take them in their order. The first stand we come to, at the south-west corner, is that of M. Raibaud l'Ange, Director of the Mlodel Farm of Paillerols, in the district of Basses Alpes. To this gentleman a gold medal has been awarded. Probablynever before had anEngrlishman such an opportunity of observ,ing that on one farm so great a variety of articles can be produced. All the common products of our island are found here, side by side with those which we import from our distant colonies under warer skies. First we have the cereals, including, wheat and flour of Provence, speltre, barley, and oats. Then, under the head of " drilled and irrigated" crops, we have various lands of beans, peas, beetroot, carrots, and lupins. Next, " drilled but not irrigated," we have peas and lentils. Of irrigated forage plants there are samples of lucerne and clover. Of forage plants, "not irrigated," there are sainfoin, vetches, and lentils. Then come industrial crops, including the roots and the manufactured article, the flam and the thread. Then oils and fruits andwines, almonds and pistachio nuts. N ior does this exhaust the catalogue, for the bill sides yield acorns, bark, lavender, and thyme, and the essence of the latter is extracted and sold in tempting little bottles from the faint Then there is merino wool and silk as the animal produce of this remarkable model farm, which yields within itself nearly every necessary and luxury which the heart of man can desire. Truly, M; Raibaud l'Ange, you need not colonies or commerce. The interchange of commodities is not necessary for your comfort. Free trade to you can confer no benefit, and, provided the seasons are propitious, as tar as the body is concerned, you have the world within the circuit of your own farm.
MONEY-MAMKETand CI'TYINTBLLIGENarCE. . - Wednesday Eveaiun. This has been settling-day in Consols, and prfces have experienced fluctuation. The closing quotation last evening was 94+ to i, and the opening transactions this morning were at 9* to i, whence a further fall took place to 94. The maarket then remained with an unsettled appearance until nearly all the operations in connexion with the arrangement of the account had been completed, when a rebound occurred to 94+. This, however, was not fully maintained, and the la9t official prices wereI 94 + to @ for money and 94 to 95 for the 4th of July, while after regular hours, in conseL quence of lowiver quotations from Paris, there wvas a fresh decline of an eig,hth. Nevertheless a general feeling continues to prevail that but for the aspect of the American question much buoyancy would be exhibited. The scrip of the new loan left off at 13 to J premium ; Bank Stock, 216 to 218; Reduced, 93k to i,; New Three per Cents., 93a to 1; India Stock, 233 to 2364; India-bonds, par to 4i. premium; Exchequer-bonds, 9&1 to 99 ; and REchequer-bills (March) par to 4s. premium, (June) 2s. discount to 2s. prenium. The payments to-day in connexion with the 4th of the month have not been particularly heavy, and they have passed off favourably. At the Bank of England and in ithe discount-market, as well as in the Stock-Exchange, the demand for money continues greater than had been anticipated. During the remainder of the month the revenue collections and the payments on the new loan are likely to prevent any material increase of ease. Foreign securities were heavy, owing to an increase of speculative sales. Turkish Six per Cents. were negotiated at 99k and 99 for money, and 99k and i for the account. The Four per Cents. Guaranteed, for the account, were dealt in at 103k. The general transactions comprised-Buenos Ayres, for account, 77; Danish Three per Cents., 83 ; Granada, New Active, IS; the Deferred, 7i; Mexican, for money, 22 ; for the accotuit, 23; Peruvian Four-and-a-Ealf per Cents., for money, 77+; for the account, 77; ; Russian Five per Cents., 1074 the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 98; Sardinian Five per Cents., 92M; Spanish Tbree per Cents., for money, 47; for the acco.nt, 47k; the Passive, 7; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 95. . The corn-market was firm this morning at former prices. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 73f. 70c. for money and 74f. 55c. for the end of the month, showing another decline of a-half per cent., with a preponderance of money sales. Rumours of an approaching loan are again in circulation. There has also been a great pressure for money in connexion with the recent settlement, while the market has lik-ewise been influenced bv the damage to the crops from the inundations in the soutb. The advices from Paris mention a remarkable instance in which advantage has been taken of the prevailing inflation to effect a cash realization of speculative estimates of future profits. It appears that the concessionaires of the Austrian railroadsM. Pereire and three other persons-have valued the claim they reserved for themselves to 10 per cent. of all profits after the payment of 6 per cent. to the shareholders at a sum equal to 44,000 shares, and that an arrangement has been made to commute it on those terms, and to issue to them that number of shares, which will henceforth be added to the capital of the company. At present prices the value of the shares thus to be divided among four persons is about 1,700,0001. it is stated to have been ascertained that the liabilities of M. Place, of Paris, exceed 720,0001., while his assets are estimated at only 240,0001. Almost all the banking-houses are said to have been involved, together with M. de Morny, M. Pereire, and other leading operators. The arrival of the Solent, West India steamer, wvas telegraphed this afternoon, with 725,0001. in specie, chiefly silver from Mexico. A further sum of 80,0001. in gold was taklen to the Bank to-day. An intelligent effort on the part of Messrs. Young, Son, and Magnay, the Limehouse shipbuilders, to promote the comfort, efficiency, and respectability of the persons in their employment seems to have encountered a resistance which could have been anticipated only in the ignorance of a past generation. It appears that in the private dockyards of London a system unknown in the other leading ports of the country has been pursued of allowing numerous interruptions of the working hours, totally destructive of that steady and vigorous attention by which alone the largest amount of work is accomplished with the least effort and in the shortest tine. Under this practice each day's labour is broken by four intervals -namely, half an hour for breakfast, then an allowance of 20 minutes, then an hour for dinner, and finally half an hour for tea. In the other dockyards of the kingdom only two interruptions are allowed, with the exception of Newcastle and Hull, where there are three, and the net working period is 10 or 100 hours, while in London it is only 9 hours and 40 minutes. To remedy this evil, antd to give their men not only the moral advantages of the measure, but an actual gain also in time, Messrs. Young, Son, and Magnay have proposed that the allowance of 20 minutes between breakfast and dinner and of half an hour for tea should be abolished; that an hour, instead of half an hour, should be allowed for brealkfast; and that work should terminate half an hotur earlier in the afternoon. One hour would thus be given to the men in place of 40 minutes withdrawn, the distribution of time would be assinilated to that which experience has sanctioned in other parts of the country, and the labour required would be from half an hour to an hour less than is demanded elsewhere. This measure, however, instead of being hailed with gratification, was followedl by a strike, which commenced on the 3d of last month, and still continues, most of the men, it is believed, being altogether out of work, although, to use the words of Messrs. Young and Co., " asgood mechanics and deserving men as any inthe country." Every effortused by their employers to avert this mischief has proved vain. It has been offered to refer the question to any impartial persons upon whom the men can rely, but each attempt at reason and conciliation is met by manifestoes signed by the "president" and "secretary"of the Shipwrights' Union, characterized bythat incoherent bombast peculiar to the agitators who make these casestheir trade, and whose occasional influence over the plain English workman is one of the most deplorable anomalies of moder times. The firm have therefore been compelled to offer employmenttostrangers, and thus,perhaps, to makethe separation permanent between themselves and a body of men whom they have hitherto respected. As the contest virtually lies between them and the publichouses-since the extension of time for breakfast would enable the men to go home, instead of resortingto these places, the profits of which would also suffer from the loss of the subsequent dram drinking-the reform they have attempted will have the sympathy not only of the public at large, but of every mechanic who is conscious of self-respect. The principle is maintained in all Her Majesty's dockyards, and is stated to be working with unquestioned advantage in the largest and best-conducted private shipbuilding establishment on the Thames. In tneir proposals for new men Messrs. Young and Co. state that the hours of work "shall be regulated entirely in accordance with their wishes, based on the principle of not exceeding the time at present actually expended on work; of not exceeding two intervals during sach period; and of leaving work not later than at half-past 5, ansd on Saturdays at 4." The reasonable. ness of these conditions seems to leave nothing to be desired, and it is the duty of all in the shipbuilding interest to aid in securing their adoption. Any failure in an attempted reform of this kind is sure to be fraught with infinite misery to the very class who are resisting it, since in one small triumph they forget al that has been previously inflicted on them by the impostors who speculate upon their constancy and credulity. At a meeting of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam-packet Company, held to-day, BMr. B. M. WVillcox in the chair, the dividend declared was at the rate of 7 per cent. per annum, and the report and accounts were unanimously adopted. It was stated that this is an interim dividend, and that the full results of working cannot be ascertained until the annual accounts shall have been made ip. The principal topics discussed were in relation to the Australian route, the propriety of publishing the periodical reports previously to the meetings, and the audit of accounts. With regard to the tender for the Australian service it was nientioned that the directors intend to await the Government decision before thev deliberate upon I the measures necessary for providing the requisite capital. Some discussion ensued upon the other two point, particularly in reference to the servicea of a professional accountantto aid the auditors in their periodical examination, and it was erentually agrbed to leave them to the reconsideration of the board. Subjoined is an abstract of the report -- " Pursuant to niotic the directors submit their report of affairs for the six months ending 31st of March last. Lookng to the additional secutity -that will be attained in the navgation of the ships on the India and China lines, and the time that will be saved on each voyage after a light has been placed on 'Basse Rocks, off the south-eastern point of the island of Ceylon; the directors willingly responded to the desire of the Government to have a steamer on the spot, in time to commence the works during the present sunimer' and the same considerations led them to part with a vessel for a price that would simply repay her COst and the expense at wvhch she was placed on the station about 12 months ago. On theoother hand, the shareholders will find that the Delta, of 9S5 tons and 210-horse power, stated in the last report to bo building at- Soathampton, is now afloat and fitting for service; and that another screw veesel, the DOelhi, of 2,400 tons- and 450-horse power, has been contracted for with Mtessrs. Tod and 3t'Gregot~ of Glasgowv. She is to be completed in March next. In the last annual re port the directors announced the despatch of the Tubia for India; and they are now enabled to state that she has made her firsttrip from Calcuttato Suez at a very high rate of speed, and to the satisfiction of a large body of passengers. The intended departure of the Alma, which was noticed* at the same time, wa5, however, deferred, it havinn become necessary to employ this ship for a short time on 'the home station. She is now on the point of starting for Calcutta,and will, no doubt, prove as successful as her sister ship. "Five ships-the Simla, Candia, Ripon, Colombo, and lRajah-are still retained in the Transport Service. Their employment in that service mnst, however, in conse.' quence of the peace, terminate in a short time, when they will be made available for the commercial and postal operations for which they wera originally destined. In their last report the directos stated that they had, at the request of the Government, submitted a proposal to establish a monthly postal communication with Australia. No measure to carry that proposal into effect was, however, adopted by the Government, and in the month of Februxry last the. Admiralty issued an advertisement inviting tenders from parties willing to contract for the establishment of such a communication, leaving the choice of route open to the parties tendering. In responding to this pubhlic announ ce-- . meat the directors considered they could do no more than" refer to their former proposal, and it appears by a state. meat made in Parliament that none of the tenders thenI made were of such a nature as the Government considered it right to accept. Pressing representations by parties in. terested in the colonies having been again made to the Government, urging the prompt establishment of an effi-. cientpostal communication, an advertisement has within hese fewv days been issned by the lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for tendersto establsh a monthly postal comm-nunication, by means of large screw steamships of full pewer, between Suez and Australia, touching at Point de Galle both on the outward and homeward passage and to be independent of the postal communication with India. The tenders are to bo lodged on the 12th inst. The anticipated early release from the Transpcvrt Service of the ships still remaining in it will place this company in a position to undertake the Australian postal service on the enlarged plan now proposed, while the possession at the various stations along the whole line of communication of completely formed agencies and coaling establishments gives to the company important advantages in competing for it. The directors therefore propose to lodge tenders for executing the service on such terms as they may consider com. tible with a fair protection of the shareholders' interests. Pfit should devolve upon this company to undertake this service, its establishment must, in consequence of thLe class of vessels stipulated for, and from other circumstances, ba attended at the outset with very heavy expenses; and a considerable time will probably elapse before a remunerative traffic can be developed. Hence the prudence of the xeasure adopted on the recommendation of the directors at the last general meeting of setting aside out of last year's profits 100,00O. as a ' contingency fund,' to meet this and other anticipated extra expenses connected with the change of employment of vessels, will be fully evident. The directors have to statethat up to the period of closing this report the earnings of the shins have been satisfactory, and that no casualtiesof importance have ocurred to the fleet; they therefore recommend that a dividend of 3.; per cent., clear of income-tax, for the half-year ending the 31st of Miarch last, be now declared, and be payable on and after the 26th inst.', Annexed is the fleet of the Peninsuilar and Oriental Steam Navigation Compauy; with particulars of their employment:- It is satisfactory to state that the Postmaster-General has arranged to grant a half-holyday on Saturdays, conunencing at 1 o'clock, to the officers of the General Post-office, so far as it is practicable without interfering with the receipt and delivery of the mails. The money-order offices in St. Maitin'sle-Grand and Sherborne-lane will also be closed at the same hour. The Kate has arrived from Sydney, but is not believed to have brought any gold. The colonial wool sales closed to-day. In a circular by Mr. W. H. Willans it is stated- "At the conclusion the rates for Port Phillip wools nay be quoted at 2d. perlb., for Van Diemen's Landat 2Ad. per lb., below the oDening prices. The reduction on scoured Cape and on Sydney wools was less serious,-owing undoubtedly to tho small quantity offered,-and cannot be quoted at more than Id. to 1ld. per lb. "It would be hazardous to venture an opinion as to the couse p rices will take ne.xt sales. Should the quantity offeredbe vesy large, it is doubtful if prices can be maintained even at the present leveL It is, however, understood that there 1S a disposition on the part of some merchants not to sell in the event of a material reduction of prices."
TPADE REPORT. Wednesday Evening. SUGAR.-Although the public sales were large, with a prospect of further considerable ones at hand, there was a very strong feeling to-day in favour of the article, and the whole quantity put up folud buyers at nearly Cd. per owt. advance on the prices of yesterday-viz., 12,287 bags of Mauritius, good to fine brown, 40s. to 42s.* low to middling soft gray, 41s. 6d. to 43s. 6d. ; duty, 13s. 9d.; low yeUow, 43s.; duty, 15s. ; middling to good bright yellow, 43s. Gd. to 45s. 6d.; crystaaized good bright yellow, 47s.- duty 15s.; 703 bags of Benares low white, 46s. to 46s. 6d. * 191 date low brown, 41s. to 42s. - 243 hhds- and 129 barrels of Porto Rico, middling to fine bright yellow, 45s. to 47s. 6d.; gray, 42s. 6d. to43s. 6d. ; 250 bags of Pernambuco, low to mSiddling white, 43s. 6d. to 45s. 6d. ; 568 hhds. and 50 barrels of Cuba, low to good yellow, 42s. to 45s. 743 hhds. of Wes' India have changed hands to-day. COFFEE.-The public sales to-day were heavv, comprising 4S0 casks, 550 barrels and bags of plantation, and 200 bags of native Ceylon, 5S0 bales and half bales of MIocha, 4,600 bags of Santos, C0 bags of Rio>, and 370 bags of Bahia. The colouy sorts of plantation Ceylon are steady, but other descriptions are rather cheaper; fine fine ordinary to middltngbhold coloury, 60s. to 66s.; gray kinds, 58s. 6d. to 59s. Cd.; native and Mocha all taken irII-the formnerat 50s. and the latter at 76ls, to 78s. lWearly the whole of the Brazil were withdrawn, Santos at 39s. to 48s., Rio, 40i. to 44s.; and Bahia, 30s. to 45s. Ofthe Santoonlyabout400 bags of home trade sorts found buyers at 46s. Cd. to 4Ss. Cd. RIcE.-There is no longer excitement inthe market and nearly the whole of 5,980 bags and 1,490 pockets of Beneal were bought in at 10s. 3d. to 13s. Cd. for good middling old toufinewite* 9s. 6d. to 10s.foriddlinr, and 8s. Cd. to 9s. for cargo; subsequentlyabout 1,000 bags of fine have been sold at 13s. 3d. CoCsNEAL.-Of 216 bags offered in auction to-day about one.half were disposed of at previous rates,-viz., 133 Honduras, smaall grain to good silver, 3s. 7d. to 3s. lid. per lb.; 18 bags Hlonduras black, small to bold tasty bouight in at 4s. to 5s. 2d. per lb- * 245 Tenoriffe silver, ,s.8d to 3s. 9d. for ordinary; 3 bas, s lack, 4s. tc 4s. 3d. per Ib. and 37 bags MIexican black, ordinary to good, partly sold at 4s. to 4s. 3d. per lb. TAr,LoWv.-The market has been flat to-day at 45s. 9d. on the spot, and for the end of the year business was done at 95s. Gd., closig buyers thereat; but sellers generally denmand 46s. __ busllr_____r_l
RAILWAY AND AMINING 2SHB_S Wednesaday Evening. The railway-market was heavy in the morning, but it recovered slightly before the close of business. French and Belgian were dealt in only to a moderate extent, at rather lower quotations. Indian descriptions exbibited little alteration. Canada and Australian Land varied in a partial degree, but the I transactions were not numerous. MIfing securties presented scarcely any change. Ottoman Bank left off to 1 pm.; Bank.o£ Egvpt,.itG pm.; Naoj tional Discount Comipany, # to 1 dis.; Lombardo Venetian, 5i to i pm. ; Riga Railway, 1i to i pm.; Bankof Switzerland, -ito 1pm.;Western of London, 4i to .3; dis.; London and Paris, 3 to 21 dis.; and Alliance Bank, 2 to 1 dis.
SE TE OF TBADE. NOTTINGHAM, Ju.iB 4. The lace trade contmines quiet, the demand for the home market being dull. There has been a good business doig in plain nets. The lateness of the spring has retarded the demand for light and fancy descriptions of nets; the fine weather having now, however, set in, we may expect an improveddemandcforfancyarticles. The American buyers have been purchasing sparingly. Upon the whole, the trade is very quiet. In hosiery business is rather brisk, especially for the Americanmarket, but the rawv material still continues at a -very high rate, and onr manufacturers complain very much at the eatreme prices they are compelled to give. Y axts remain firm.
THE CORN TRADE. I- -ORN-1XtANGE, WZDNSDa U JuVE 4. I The i ealnhemglmited, andthe accouts From rnce unfavou- able, there Ia rather more imnesa i the gra;n trade. Barley and ost F erxhbit a tendency to increased ateadinesa; business, on the whole, I having slightly imprToved. At our Corn-Eich=ige tv-dy there was iL steakly and ratber firmer market than on Friday, but we do not alter our qnotaLtion of that day
RIArLWY IHTELLZTGZNCZ. : OXFORD, WORCESTER, AND WOLtIERHS]pov se aujournea spcias sneeing 0t this comany nwas held Jebterday at the London Tavern, to receivoe thc result o£ the poll on the question of electing ten new directorsT ierter.ant-Colonel Itusbout, 3.P., in the chair. The CHAnLMAS was about to comrence the proceeding by reading the reports of the scrutineers, when - 3r. BrGGAA interrupted him by Askiing whether the araount of stocl of the company which had been pawneR to the ablc in various ways had been voted upon in takig the pol' Tbo~ Cn Rsu replied that in aiccordance with the -re. port of one of the scrutineers it appeared that it bad beeij voted upon. MIL ThOGAII conitenided thar all such votes were witiated and ought not to be aalowed ; but, as it appeared that the result could not affect the actual results, he would rnake: n6 motion on the subject, as there was a large majority favour of those at the head of the list. MIr. J. PARsON said it was nuite certain that the pawlsed stock had been voted upon, bnt they must consider that thal Great Western Railway Company had also voted in respect af 180,0O00. stock which they held in the compnany, not being satisfied with that amount of stock beigz represented by six Great Western directors at the board, If the Great Western had consented to forego voting on that stock, the pawned stock of thecompar.y would not have been voted ipon, and, for his own part, he would much rather the m-axtterhad been decided wFithout that stock havng been represented. The CErrAisLeA then read the reports of Mr. Greenwood and Mr. Jackson, the scrutineers. The report of Mr. Greenwood excluded the stock which had been pawned belonging to the company, aud disallowed the votes given in respect thereof. It stated that 755 proprietors, representing 1,973,730. stock, voted on the occasion, and that there were 9,253 votes in favour of Air. Pakington, 8,578 in favour of Mr. E(ihfield, 8,322 for lMr. Busby, 8,287 for Mr. F'enton, 8,2g6 for Mr. Johnson, 7,966 for Mr. J. l'arson, 7,965 for Arr. Lvewsq, 7,9D3 for Mr. Melor, 7,846 for lr, Watkin, 4,313 for Colonel Rnshout, 3,378 for Mr. Thorp, 3,318 for MIr. Taunton, 3,210 for Mr. Baker, 2,572 for Kr. Capel, 2,626 for Mr. Grisewrood, 2,190 for Mr. Cox, 242 for Ur. Maude, 186 for Sir S. AL Peto, 157 for Mr. C. Whotham, 115 for Mr. Brewin, 57 for Mr. Oliviera, 51 for Mr. Tucker, and none for Mr. Whiteside. The report of Mr. Jackson, the other scratineer, included the votes given in respect of the company's stock held in paw.n, the names of the parties being recorded in the sharo register of the company. From this report it appeared that 9,836 votes were given in favour of Mr. Pakington, 9,163 in favour of Mr. lighfield, 9,025 for Mir. Busby, 8,890 for Mr. Fenton, 8,779 for Mr. Johnson, 8,562 for Mr. I. Parson, 8,509for Mr. Anderson, 8,50SforMr. Lewis, 8,416i for Mr. Mellor, 8,389 for Mr. Watkin, 4,391 for Colonel 'Rushout, 3.438 for Mr. Thorp, 3,378 for Mr. Taunton, 3,270 for Mr. S. Balker. 2,632 for Mr. Capel, 2,62G for hi. Grisewood, 2.190 for Xr. Cox, 302 for Mr. Maude, 186 for Sir S. IL Peto, 157 for Ar. Whetham, 115 for Mr. Brevin,. 57 for Mr. Oliveira. and 51 for ar. Tucker. The total stock voted upon by 110 proprietors present amounted to 5i53,9754- * and by 648 proprietors by proxy, 1,696,4101. ; total, 2,250,3851. It was explained that Mr. Busby had consented to remain in the direction until Sir S. M. Peto could transFeri an. outstanding contract with the company to 30me other responsible person, so asto unable him to comply with the request of a large number of proprietors by taking a seat at the board. At the time of voting it was understood that those who voted for Mr. Busby were infavour of the elec-. tion of Sir S. Il. Peto. The board then retired to an adjoining room for the purpose of electing the new directors in the room of those rething from the board. This arrangement was in accordance with the pledge given by the directors to the committee of investigation. The formalities having been gone through, Thoe (JsarsMYr anuounced that Mr. Watkin, Mr. Mellor, Mr. Anderson. Mfr. Busby, hIr. flighfleld, MIr. Johnson, 3r. Lewis, Mr. Pakington, and Mr. J. Parson had been elected directors of the company. There was, however, a legal question as to the re-election of himcself; it was necessary that he should he re-elected in order to enable him to resign ,his seat at the board. The adjourned half-yearly meeting was then held for the purpose of re-electing Colonel :Rnshout and Mr. Eigbfield, the retiring directors, and also the retiring auditor, ir. Oilmhen. 'On the mnotion being put. tne retiring directors were rc*: IThe CmEniA1O stated that he would formally rein nhis seat, and Mr. Fenton, o1 Rochdale, would boelce mi his I p ace, which would complete the numberofEdirectors. Mlr. E ighfseld had been electcd one of the directors of the newr h osed. The only other business was that of the election of* auditor. He proposed that Mr. Cohen, the retiring auditor, he re-elected.O Mr. MAILms seconded the motion. MEr. DA,is proposed, as an amendment, that M[r. Jaekson be elected in the room of Mr. Cohen. Some discussion ensued, in the course of which a show of hands was taken, when there appeared 24 in favour of ar. Cohen, and 11 in favour of Mr. Jackson. Mr. DAVIS demanded a poll. After some observations from Mr. WATKrv, M1r. TxAxTON, Mr. MALTns, Mr. J. AL PAlSONs, and Mr. J. PARSON, Mr. JACKSON declined to contest the matter, and MIr. DAVIS withdrew his demandfor a polL Mr. FI1x\TON then moved a resolution authorizing the directors to transfer the outstanding contract from Sir S. x Peto to another responsible contractor, with a view to secure the valuable services of Sir S. hL Peto at the board. Mr. AULDE seconded the motion. A discussion ensued,in vwhich Mr. W,rscT, Mr. FEr,TN-,, lr. Cox, MIr. J. P,%.usoN, Mr. J. h PARsONS, and other proprietorstook part, in the course of which the advantages of the proposition were urged anld admitted. It appeared to be the general opinion that there wvas no occasion to pass the resolution, as the matter should be left in the hands of the new board. On the motion of Mr. DAVIS it was agreed to pay the expenses incurred by the committee of inquiry out of the fands of the company. On the motion of Sir M. PEo, seconded by Mr. PAlIG-. ToN, a cordial vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman on his retirement from the board, for his valuable services to the company. Mr. .l.PAsoxs, seconded by Mr. Di)Vrs, moved a vote of thanks to Sir S. AL Peto and the other members of the committee of inquiry, for their very able report on the affairs of the company. The motion was carried unanimously, and the proceedings terminated. WEST RAITLEPOOL. The adjourned general meetmg of this railway and lnar. bour company was held on Tuesday at West HartleponL The accounts showed that the amount at credit of revenues for the year ending December, 1855, was 146,9521., as compared with the sum of 130,7731. for the year 1854. The different items from which the above total is produced are as follow :-Coal traffic, 85.1391.; passengers and parcels, 11,1541.; merchandise, 25,4221.; ships' dues, 20,736!.; rents, 2,6411.; balance from last year'srevenue, 1,S601. The working expenses for the year 1855 were 66,2731., or 4O per eant.; taxation, 1,818.; interest on debentures and convertiblestock. 35,1861., leaving a balance of 43,6751., out of which, after satisfying all fixed ch1bims, the directors, in March last, remitted the second half-yearly dividend at the rate of 4j per centum per annum upon the company's consolidated stock, carrying over a surplus of 3,268!. to the reserve fund. Of the capital necount, amounting to 1,994,66tv-., the accounts for the year 1S55 show that there has been expended the sum of 1,704,703!., leaving a balance to credit of 229,9571. With respect to the termination of hostilities with Russia, the report adverts to the beneficial effects likely to result to the company therefrom. With the opening of the Baltic ports a carrying trade by the company's stelmers has been commenced, the firsc boat (the Gitana) having sailed three weeks ago. It wastheirintentionto run a boat between West Hartlepooland St. Petersburg once a fort, night. The quantiry of coals shippedandconveyedduringthl previous year amountedtol,196,238tons, being an iucrease of niearly 200,000 tons over the year 154. The recent establishment of steam communication between W"est Hartlepool and Hlamburghad been productive of a most encouraging result. The declared customs' value of merchandise goods (exclusive of coal) exported foreign from West Hartle. pool in the year 18551 amounted to 782,?39L, being an increase of 515,0301. over tho year 1854. The numlber of ships enterin_ the docks continues steadily to increase, the number entering last year being 4,816. The ten years' contract for the repairing, maintenance, and working of the company's locomotives having ternmnated, the whole of the establishment will in future be carried on under the management of the company. The desirablity of providing the necessary buildings and making the necessary arrangements for carrying on the estabilshment at West Rartlepool was impressed upon the proprietors, and the advantages of having the whole of the wrorking stock under the immediate eye and care of the directors ias forcibly pointed out. The works of the North Yorlshire and Cleveland Ilailway being now nearly completed for the first eight miles, it was stated they would be opened durinog the summer. By this line a new traffic from the ironstone Royalties in Cleveland would be made available to West HartlepooL The working of that lino would be mutually conducted by the West Hartlepool Company and the North-Eastern Company. The amount of dock and harbour space possessed by the company was thus enumerated :-Tidal harbour, 44 acres; first coal dockr, S acres; second (coal and merchandise) dock, 14 acres; third (merchandise) dock, 10 acres ; timber float and timber storeyards, 10 acres; total, 86 acres. The extent of available dock quay space was 3,494 lineal yards. The various works of the company occupy a total area of 145 acres. The directors for the current year were then elected, and the meeti3g separated. RALWAY TRAFFIC. Milci Pas- Mcr- Total Totlt Railways. open r b. e. 3ss. IS56 Week ending May 24. Enbuerh andG (nagow .. 122 .. .. 3.375 .. 5.45J Week ending May 2. Cedonan. .. .. ..9.. - .. -a..f,132 ..11,855 'North Staffonasbire ..233 . . 7.7 ..37y Great Northern .. .. 283 - .. - .. 21,02G .. 20,50-2 WorthDevon .. .. 35 - - 422 3. 1 Week ending May 31. CorkandBandon .. .. 2 - - ... 242 D Belfast andBailymena .. - .. 561 400 .. 561 ... 52 Cork. Blackrock, and I'*&- OorkadBandoU .. .. - .. - .. - .. 12 .. 158 Week endingJune 1. LOndOD man South-Western- 14,170.. 3,5G6 ..17nG 35.597 rancheater. Sheffield, and 11olneobihu .. .. 173L .-. ,. S,64 3212 337!fW aDd CouatyDowrn - _._, ..539 ..2U7 2xduiEmrre of traffic due under agreement mth the LODSdO an&L North-Western Railway Company,. t ThO eturns M publiDsedtre exclusive of the trafie of the Hud.- - derSfield Canl ShVshlre Uteiou, North Union. 1res'on tud Wre.'Eouth JunrtAon, Mucabteet au'l Buxton, aud BockingbamsAie Rail. WAa
LAW REPORT. - COURT OF CEUNCACERY. I,corx'rTmx .TTv 4 FARLNA V. STLV,FRI P (Before Vic LoBD CHAEXCELLOR.1 This was an appeal from Vice-Chaucellor Wood. The bill was filed by thewell-known manufacturer of eau-de-Cologne against the defendant, a printer, and prayed an injunction. to restrain the defendant from printing or selling any labels or wrapuers similar to those used by the plaintiff round his bottles of eaa-de-Cologne. The statement in the bill was that the plaintiffclaimed to be the owner of a secret in the manufacture of eau-de-Cologne invented long ago by his ancestor; that in June, 1832, the plaintiff, for the purpose of distingtushing his eau-de-Cologne from cthers, invented a certain form of signature and address, consisting of the words " Johann Maria Farina, gegenuiber dem Julich's Platz," with a peculiar Ikcurish, and also a seal or stamp, which he caused to be printed or engraved on labels, and pasted on the bottles which he sold, and on the wrappers rolled round such bottles, and which he said constituted his trade mark; and that he had been lately informed that several persons had sold a spurious eau-de-Cologne, made to resemble the plaintifi's eAu-de-Cologna- and that in order to obtain a ready sale for the same, by inducing purchasers to believe that such spurious or counterfeit eau-de-Cologne had been prepared by the plaintiff, they had procured labels, being exact or nearly ecact copies of those used by the plaintiff, and, containing a fac-simiIe of the said signature and address, and flourish, and stanmp or seal, and other marks, which they caused to be pasted on the bottles containing such spurious or counterfeit eauee-Cologne; and that by such means a very considerable quantity of such spurious eau-de-Cologne hadbeen sold as genuine, and thereby the Dpuchasers had been defrauded and the plaintiff had been greatly injured. The bill also stated that in January, 1853, the plaintiffs 6olicitors were, for the first time, informed that the defendant, Henry Silverlock, had printed and sold a large number of labels, being copies of those invented by the plaintiff, and they purchased some from him and found them to be almost facsimiles of the plaintiff's, and only colourablydifferent. The Vice-Cbancellor granted an injunction in the terms asked for by the plaintiff, and from that decision the defendant rnow apaled. lt bemg an appeal from the whole order, the plaintiffs case was first opened. Mr. Daniel and Mr. aetherington appeared for the plaintif; and Mr. Wincock and Mr. Baxton for the defend^nt. The case was not concluded. (Before the LORDS JusT-cyS OF APPEAL.) TIrE BEWIRY A-D ENNiISXILL-2S RAILWAY COMPAN'Y V. THIE ULSTER RAILWkY COWPMiY. The further arguments in this appeal from a decision of Vice-Chancellor Stuart were further continued. The facts appear, very shortly, to be these:-In the year 1843 the Dublin and Drogheda Railway Company, pursuant to the provisions of the 8th and 9th of Victoia, c. 129, altered the gaiwe of their line to a broader gange, "ton the terms of tieir being paid an equitable proportion of the expense thereo, such expense and thepo ropOrtiODs thereof to be borne by the several compaanies wfose nterest would he advanced by such alteration, and by the same act it w cas enacted that the Newry and Emiisillen Bailway Comp ay should way to the Ilster Railway Cohmths,theD undalp andEnmskillenbaileay Company,and the bun and Belfast Railway Company such proportion of the expenses as should be agreed upon between the p arties, or, in case of their differing, as might be determined by the Railwvay Commissioners. the companies not being able to aogee among themselves, the question of the amount of payments of the respective companies was referred to the commissioners, and an inquiry was entered into by them. Awt this inquiry no person attended on behalf of the N~ewry and Enniskillen Railway Company, and, as they alleged, it appear-ed from the evidence that no notice was formally given to theml to attend, and at that meeting the expenses of the alteration of the gauge were divided and apportioned among the several railway companies. After this notice of the award made by the commissionerswassenttO the Newry and Enniskillen Railwasy Company, and payment of the portion of the expenses of the alteration of gauge was demanded of them, which, however, they refused to pay, on the gronnd of thebeforementioned want of regularity in the proceedings, and inasmuch as they alleged they -were charged for 7 1 miles, whereas they vwere liable for four miles only. The parties opposed to the Newry and Enniskillen Company brought an action against them for the recovery of the amount, whereupon the bill in the present case was filed by them for the purpose of setting aside the award and to rest-rain the action. Vice-Chancellor Stuart, at the hearing of the cause in December, 18I5, dismissed the bill with costs on two grounds,-first, that the authority of the commissioners to make the award having been conferred by act of Parliament, the Court of Chancery had no jurisdiction to act as a. court of appeal from its decision; and secondly, that the Newry and Ennisldllen Company having memorialized the commissioners against their award, they had thus elected to preclude any other jurisdiction. It was from this decision the present appeal was brought. Mr. DAEIEL, Mr. SPED, and Mfr. DOWDESWNLL (of the common law bar) were heard at length for the appellants. M1r. Bacon and Mr. T. Stevens appeared for the Ulster Company; Mr. hdacrory is for the DundaLk and Enniskillen Company; Mr. Bagshawe, sen., Mr. W. J. Bovill, and M1r. agsoahae, jun., for the Dublin and Drogheda and Dublin and Belfast Companies (the other defendants). The case is not concluded.
ROLIS' COURT, CcYLCEyrm-1 JiuE 4. RSNDLESIA3M V_ ROTLATS_ (Before thc MAsTiE of the RoLLs.) Under this title the great Thellusson case once more comes before the Court; and, although the facts of it were not gone into, yet, as probably the public attention will soon be caled to the extraordinary provisions of Mr. Thellusson's will, it may be as well briefly to recapitulate the leading features of it. 3Ir. Peter Thellusson, the testator, was born in Paris. where his fatherresided as the Minister from Geneva. In 1762 3Ir. Peter Thellusson came to England, settled here as a merchant, and shortly after became naturalized. Being successful in business, moderate in his indulgences, and al but isolated from society and its amusements, Mr. Thellusson gradually acquired considerable property, which he disposed of by his will, dated April, 1796, in the following way :-He left all his real estaWes to three trustees in fee simple upon trust, " to allow the proceeds of them, together With the proceeds of his personalty, to go on accumulLating during the lives of his sons, the lives of his sons' sons then in being or thereafter to be boru, and during the natural life or lives of the survivor or survivors of all of them respectively; and upon the death of the last survivor of the above described lives to divide the estate between his (the testator's) eldest male descendant then living and the eldest male lineal descendant of his second son in tail male." To these directions were added certain limitations in favour of the eldest male descendants of the testator's three sons, and aprovision to the effect that, if there were no peosons entitled to bear the surname of Thellusson when the accumulations fell into possession, the whole of the property was to fall into the Sinking Fund, in such a manner as an act of Parliament, to be passedfor the purpose, might direct. Thellusson died onthe 21st of July, 1797, leaving seven lives, to which two were subsequently added, to he exhausted before his estate could fall into possession. His property at his death amounted to about 600, 0001., and, calculating the duration of the nine lives at 70 years, they would all become exhausted in lS6S, by which time, according to the most eminent actuaries, the value of the testator's estates, if left untouched, would amount to about 23,000,0001 Thellusson, in his will, particularly requested that the Legislature would not alter the nature and character of his bequest, but would allow the money which he had " earned by his industry and earned honestly" to accumulate so as to make his family, when the accumulations came into possesion, one of the richest in Europe. From the time of the testator's death up to the present day continued litigation, as might be expected, has resulted from his eccentric directions, and the parties now principally entitled are the eldest branches of Lord Rendlesham's family, as to whose relative claims Mr. R. Palmer was about to reopen the case in this court this morning, when he was interrupted by His Ho-oa-R, who declined to go further into it than to make such a formal decree as would enable the whole question to be carried on appeal to the House of Lords, whore alone it was likely to be effectually and finally disposed of. The Solicitor-General, Sir Fitzroy Kelly, Sir F. Thesiger, Mfr. Rolt, Mr. R. Palmer, Mr. Llovd, Mr. Roupell, Mr Follett, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Cairns, W. Green, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Wickins, Mr. C. Hall, hlr. Giffard, 3Ir. Bromshead, Mr. Lake RusseD, Mr. Renshaw, Mr. Faber, Mr. C. Barber, Mr. Freeling, and Mr. Cotton appeared in the case.
VICE-CMYAC\lFTORs' COTTRTS .Tr. a DEEI<S V. STAINHOPE. (Bcfore Yicc-Chancd&or Sir R. T. KnsRSLY.) Tis suit, which is instituted against the directors of the 2uarylebone Bank, now comes on at the hearing, was opened some time since, stood over, was again resumed, and has occupiedthe whole day, the plaintif's counsel only having been heard. (Before Vice-Chansceclr Sir W. P. Woon.) IN TRE MATTEP. OF THE CHELTMIHAMI AND GLOCESTER- SHIRE JOINT-STOCK MUNK. This was a petition by a shareholder, praying an order for the dissolution and winding up of this company under the provisions of the Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Acts, 1S48 and 1849. The company was formed in Mfay, 1836, and had carried on business at Cheltenham as a jointstock bank until February, 1856. Half-yearly general meetings of the company were held in February and August of each year, and at the last of such meetings, on the 7th of February, 1656, the directors in their report stated that the profits had decreased, when compared with the corresponding period last year, owing principally to the diminution of baances in consequence of the great scarcity of money. The result, however, would enable the directors to pay a dividend of ol. per cent. and leave a surplus. A special general meeting was announced for the 16th of Apsil, at which meeting the directors stated I in their report that the business of the bank, together with the offices, had been disposed of to the County of Glocester Bank for 6,0001., and that the subscribed capital of the company had been lost. One of the shareholders gave notice that he required the bank to be dissolved, and the directors thereupon elected five shareholders to assist them in winding up the affairs of the comapany. A call of 3&. per share, payable in three instalments, had been made by the directors. The petitioner, who was a holder of 150 shares in the bank, had applied for an inspection oE the books and accounts. This application having been refused, the present petition had been pre- Mr. ROLT and 31r. RO)BmuRGE, in support of the petition, contended that the most expeditious and least expensive course that could be pursued was to have this insolvent company, which was subject to heavy liabilities, wound up under a winding-up order, and that the petitioner, even though he were unsupported by the other shareholders, vwas entitled as of rght to have the accounts taken, and to investigate the proceedings of the comony. m Mr. CAn'-?~S and Mr. COLE, for the directors, opposed the petition They contended thatthe conduct of the director.s, fromx the time of their ascertaining theposition of the gfafra of the bank, had bevt :$ llije &xdudiciouw; that nothing could be more injurious to the shareholders than to bave a winding-up order made, which would only disturb ;he arrangements umder which the affairs of the bank were being wound up by the committee of the directors and shareholders, to which the petitioner, who stood alone and unsutported in his present application, had himself expressly given his concurrence by attending at the meeting and holding uphishand when the question was put. The petitioner was not supported in his application by a single shareholder, while the arrangements for winding up the concern were being conducted with great rapidity. The assets, when got in, would prove sufficient to leave a la surplus, and additional and needless expense would only be incurred by grantin- a winding-up order. The VIE-CHAIscNaLoit said that in granting a winding. up order he did so without casting the least censure upon the directors, and certainly under the present impression that such a course was the most beneficial that could be nursued in reference to the company. In the case of the hionmouthshire and Glamorganshire Bank, although upon the first applEcation, which was notvery inviting, the Master of the Rolls refused to grant a winding-up order, it was found in the result that the winding-up order, when granted, proved most beneficial. In the present case the petitioner was acting with perfect bona ifd6, though he miht perhaps be called obstinate. He was the holder of 130 shares, upon which he had paid OGM., and he was also at present under a call of 31 per share. Ire had therefore a plain and substantial interest in the company. There was no allegation of any moral impropriety against the directors, although the petitioner asserted that they had been careless in conducting the business of the bank, and had overdrawn their accounts. Upon this point it was admitted that almost everything had been left by the directors to ,M&r. Ridler, the manager, and it was much to be regretted that theyshould have allowed matters to go on in this way, and that the securities should not have been " overhauled," to use the expression, for such a considerable time. A dividend of 5 per cent. had been psid for several years. It was in January, 1853, before the death of Mr. Ridler, that the directors had been first awakened to a sense of their responsibilities, and the necessity of looldkg into the accounts. Before the meeting of the 7th of February, 1856, they had discovered that there was a considerable deficiency in the securities, although ths exact amount had not been aceertained until the end of the month. Here he must find fault with the conduct of the directors, which he could not allow to go forth without comment, as this slight feeling of moral resbensiility on the part of directors was highly reprehensi. ble,as tendirng to sap the foundations of morality in mercantile men. He could not pass by the fact that they, knowing the deficiency when they weremaking their renort, made the statement that they did, and proceeded to give a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent. This had been a very grievous-error-on the part of the directors, although he ad. nitt6d to a certain extent theirexplanation of being put in a difficult position,and the disastrous consequences if there had been a run upon the bank from their declaring no dividend or making an exact statement of their affairs. Viewing the matter, however, in a judicial light, he must say that any consequence would have been preferable to the statement of an untruth. There was nothing else, however, as to which he could fasten any impropriety of conduct upon the directors. The sale to the country bank might very possibly prove most beneficial. The directors swore that they were not indebted to the bank, and there was no suspicion as to their personal character or conduct. Then, as to the propriety of granting a winding-up order, it was admitted that the whole concern was at an end; Eabilities were hanging over the company, while a call could in no way be made so effectual as through the medium of the winding-up order. The petitioner might have filed his bill to have the accounts taken, which was a right common to all the shareholders; nor was the circumstance of the petitioner holding up his hand for the appointment of the committee to be pleaded in bar to his right to have the account taken. There would be some expense in winding up the affairs of the concern by the committee, even without granting a winding-up order, while there was miore control in the Court over a winding. up in chambers, and he might state that great satisfaction had been often expressed at the expedition and cheapness with which winding-up orders had been carried out in chambers. It might be right to continue these gentlemen, agaist whomno specidc chargewas raised, in carrying on the winding-up in chambers; and upon the;whole he saw no reason for exercising the discretion of refusing to grant the winding-up order.°
COURT OF QUEENS BEKCH, WES7STx. T. 4- THE QUEEN V. HALL AND MNOTHER, JUSTICES OF THE VWEST RIDI1G. (Sitings in Banco, before Lord CAMPBELL, and Justices COLERIDGE, ERLE, and CRompTON.) This was a rule to quash an order of affiliation made by two justices of the West Riding of Yorkshire. The ground on which it was contended that the order was bad was that the justices who made it had no jurisdiction. The putative father had leftEngland, and was residing at Portobello, in Scotland, where he was personally served with a summons to appear before the magistrates in the West Riding, to show cause why he should not be adjudged the puttative father of a bastard child. The party summoned did not appear, and in his absence the magistrates made the order. An application was then made to this Court to quash the order, on the ground that, as it was enacted that the act should extend only to England and Wales, service of a summons in Scotland was not a good service so as to give jurisdiction. Mr. DEARSEY showed cause against the rule, and contended that the service was good. Mr. Justice EREr suggested that some inconvenience might arise if the natives of Seotland were to come into England, and then retreat into Scotland. fr. Justice COLERIDGE observed that the natives of Scotland were not very much given to retreating into Scotland. (Loud laughter, in which Lord Campbell heartily joined). yir. EH. r contended that, as the service of the summons was an act to be done under the authority of the statute, which extended only to England and Wales, service in Scotland was bad, and, consequently, that the order was made without jurisdiction. Lord CmPBEELL said the Court would take time to consider their decision. THE QUEEN (ON THE PROSECUTION OF THE OVERSEERS OF WEST DERBY) V. THE AYOR, ALDERMEN, AND BURGESSES OF IJVERPOOL. This was a case stated for the opinion of the Court, raisin the question whether the corporation of Liverpool were liable to be assessed to the poor rate of West Derby, an outskirt of Liverpool, in which certain waterworks belonging to the corporation were situated. The ground of the exemption claimed was that no profit was made by the corporation, 'but they were bound to apply all the funds which accrued from the works to public purposes. Mr. MoNic (with whom was Mtr. W. B. Brett) was heard in support of the rate, and Mr. MLWvARD (with whom was Mr. Aspinall) in favour of the exemption. The COURT took time to consider their decision. (Sitings at Ni Prius, at GuildhalI, before Mr.-Tusticc WIGHT3ux and Common Juries.) HENRY AND AiNOTHER V. JACKSON. The plaintiffs are silk manusacturers at Glasgow, and the defendanta dyer, carryng on business in London. The actionwas brought to recoverthe value of a quantity of silk, the property of the plaintiffs, sent by them to the defendantto he dyed, andwhich they alleged had not been finished equal to sample. A number of wvitnesses connected with the trade were examined on both sides. The jury ultimately returned a verdict for the defendant.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, WTNT .TTTr 4 (Sitinqs in. Banco, Trinity Term.) - There was no case argued to-daY of sufficient interest to call for a report. (Sittings at Nisi Priu5, at Westminster, before AUr. JTustice CRESS WELL and a Common Jury.) BORHAn1 V. REECE. The plaintiff is a surgeon, residing at 19, Cambridge. terrace, Hyde Park; the defendant is also a Burgeon, living in Sussex-gardens, and this action was brought to recover damages from the defendant for an assault comrmitted by him on the plaintiff It appeared that on the 12th of March last a gentleman in the neighbourhood requested the plaintiff to attend his wife, who was about to be confined. This he consented to do, and in due course delivery was successfully effected. During the evening of the same day the defendant, who, it seems, felt himself aggrieved because the plaintiff had attended a lady whom he (the defendant) looked upon as his own patient, called at the house of the plaintiff, made use of a great deal of hostile language, and assaulted him by strnking him or rubbing his hand across his face. A cross action is now pending against the now plaintiff, at the suit of the now defendant, for a libel, arisug out of the same transaction, written in the Lancet, and in the course of the tnial Mr. Justice Cresswell suggested that the parties should enter into an amicable arrangement, whereby both actions might be dropped. This course was not pursued, and the jury found a verdict for theplaintiff-damages, 51., andthe learned Judge refused a certificate for costs. Mir. Serieant Shee and 31r. Turner appeared for the plain. tiff, and Mr. Skinner and YMr. Honyman for the defendant. ROSE V. PEABODY. This was what is usually called a running-down case, and the action was brought to recover compensation for in. juries done to the plaintiffs cab horse by the negligent driv ing of a van belonging to the defendant, at the turn from the Bays-water-road into Albion-street. The evidence, as is almost invariably the case in similar actions, was of a conflicting nature, and Mir. Justice CBEss- having summed up very fairly, but somewhat fa. The Jury immediately returned a verdict in accordance with such summing np-Damages, 18!. Mfr. Cole was counsel for the plaintiff, and Mr. Skinner appeared for the defendant.
COURT OF EXCHEO.UR W,x'i,qQ ., v Tm. 4 5FECLAL PAI,FR- SOUTIIGATP V wA1&T-V (Sffitti? tu, Banc.) 'This was a demurrer to a declaration, which alleged that the plaintiff, being a guest by invitation of the defendant in his ouse, had occasion to pass through a glass door therein, which through the carelessness, negligence, and default of the defendant was m so insecure a condition that it fell upon and injured the plaintff as ho was in the act of open- IV RAYro.NbD, for the defendant, contended that this declaration disclosed no sufficient ground of action. It did not even allege that the defendant was aware of the insecure condition of the door; but even if that omission could be supt led the defendant would not be liable, as the defect oat the door was not attributable to any act of his, but rather to the remisqsness of his servante. Besides this, the plaintiff, being a guest in the house, became one of the household, and on that groud could not mantain this action. Mr. GiuAY, being called on to spport the declaration, submitted that:, as the plaintiff was lawfully in the house of the defendant, he was entitled to hind that he was free frorn such an occurrence as that one of its doors should fal on his head an he waa going from one zoom to another; and he argued that an occasional guest w diatingmshable in this respect from an oliary in2nate of a family, who, it was admitted, could not maintain such anL action as the present. The CouRT, however without- calling on Mr. Raymond to reply, gave judgment for the -defendant. The ground taken by Mr. Gray, that the plaintiff could sue because he was lawfully in the house, was too general, and was not of itself enough to confer on the plaintiff a zight of action.< If this action could be enforced great litigation would. ensue, for it would turn every member of every householdin the kingdom into a plaintiff or defendant, and we mnight have servants suing their masters for the negligence of their fellow-servants, and guests suing their hosts forbeing placed in damp beds or having soup spilt over their clothes by clums servants at a dinner table. There was no such right of action in any inmate of a household against the head, and every guest who entered an establisnment, either to partake of a cup of tea or dish of chat, became pro hQic vice a memcerof the family, sailing in the same boat with all the others and sharing with all the risks of such accidents, ori- ginating, no doubt, in carelessness somewhere, but which it. would be out of the o,uestion tovisit upon the head of the household by sub5ectmag himr to an action on the case. Mr. ABaron .&nEnsol.-The distinction is between those, who come on business and those who come on pleasure. It would oe carrying things too far to hold that in such a case. as this an action would lie. If we were to do so, it would come to this-that before a nman asked another to dine with him hewas bound to see that all the windoiws- f his house were sound, or he might have an action brought against him: by his guest forgiving him a cold. Judgment for the defendant. BUMSESS OF nCO T The Special Paper will be tsken on Frday and Monday' next, if necessary, and the Court will sit in banco after term from Monday, th3e 16th, to Saturday, the,21st inst., and also on Saturday, the 28th, the latter day being to give judgments only. (Sittings at Sin Priius, lo-ef Mr. Baron ARTIN. and Clmmon Juries.) TAYLOR V. JOHNSOX. This was an action brought to recover the sunm of 621. LOs. for rent, alleged to be due to the plaintiff. The defendant pleaded-first, never indebted; then that she was induced to contract the debt in question by.the fraud of the plaintiff, and there was a further plea of set off. Mr. Edwin Jasnes and Mr. Miurray appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Huddleston aud Mr. Hawkdns for the defendant. The plaintiff was an architect, and the defendant was a photographic artist. It appeared from the plaintiff's case that, as he was passing along Oxford-street one day in last year, he saw the defendant's card in a window. He went in, and, considering that she was a person of talent, it struck him that he might be able to do something for her. He accordingly let her some rooms in a house in New Bondstreet, taken expressly for the purpose. His family hearing of it, however, objected to the proceeding, and wished him to turn her out. He, however, objected to do so, and took an agreement to her to sign, which would prevent her being suddenly turned out. She did sign it, and, instead of stay. ing there afterwards, just before quarter day she had removed her goods, and taken the'key away, which the plain.- tiff had been unable to obtain since that period. The action was only brought for the purpose of recovering possession of the premises; and if the verdict was returned for the plaintiff he would enter into a rule of Court not to enforce the payment of the rent. The defence was that the plaintiff had induced the defendant to go to his house in-Bond-street, upon the under- standing that she was not to pay any rent. during the irst. year. When she had been there some time he managed to get her to sign the agreement, under which he now claimed the rent, without her reading the contents, he stating that. it was simply for the purpose of protecting her from being tlauned out. He had promised to send her a copy of the agreement the next day, and had given his word as a tentle-. man that it should never go out of his hands, and that it should only be produced in case his lawyers took proceed.' ings against her. As she never could get a copy of the agreement and was unable to see the original, she began to get afraid when quarter day came round,thinking that, as the plaintiffhad deceived her about sending her the agreement, he might put a distress on her goods for rent. She accordingly removed ber goods away, and left herself. She had locked up the house and taken the key with her, and her lawyer told her that she had acted properly in so doing. During the period she was staying in. Bond-street she had done work, such as painting, cleamng, and repairing pictures fortheplaintiff, amounting to391.18s., which was the set-off pleaded. His LoRnsirs, in summing up, said the only question for the jury to decide was whether when the plaintiff got the defendant to sign the agreement he was acting bond Jide for the protection of the latter, orif he only got her to sign it in order to turn round upon her and eject her from the premises. If they thought that at the time it was signeg he was acting lond fide then there would be no fraud. whatever was done upon it subsequently, and their verdict must be for the plaintiff; if they thought otherwise then the) defendant was entitledg to the verdict. If the agreements had been obtained by fraud, as alleged by the defendant, they were binding upon no one, and it was.dificult to understand upon what grounds the lady refused to give up, the key. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff. Mr. JAES said the plaintiff would at' once enter into a rule of Court not to ask for either the costs or the rent.
COUBT OP BANKRUPTCY, Bain -hatret, Junc 4. IN R1E J. B. VOLXASD. . (Before r. Commisioner GownbnL.) The bankrupt was a tailor in Jermyn-street. This was the examination meeting. Mr. CHDLEY, for the bankrupt, said he had been diligently cngaged in giving every assistance to the assignees in realizing the estate. Books debts to the amount of upwards of 6001. had been received since the last sitting. Under these circumstances the accounts were not ready, and he asked foran adjournment anda continuance of the bank- rutsallowance. Mr. Hodgkinson, for the assignees, consented. Order made accordingly. IE RE J. BARKER. Thebankruptvwas abuilder of Briton. His accounts show-Unsecured creditors, 2.8511.; secured ditto, 26,3331.; property, 1241.; property held by creditors, 29,9001. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. LINXLATER, for the bankrupt, said his accounts commenced with a capital exceeding 1,0001. A depreciation in the value of property had occasioned the bankruptcy, since which time property at Brixton had realized its fuil estimated value. Should alike result attend the realization of property at Peckham there would be 20s. in the pound, or nearly so, for all the creditors. The bankrupt was willing to receive an immediate certificate of the second class, or to wait the result of realization, in the hope of receiving a certificate of the first class. His Hosoun granted a second class certificate. !ABRK BOThS BAN?KRUITCY. We are requested by the bankrupt, the opposition to whose certficate was reported in 27te Tinme of Tuesday I]ast, to state that when hiis defence is heard it will be shown that his brother, Benjamin Boyd, gave up property in Australia to the Royal Bank of considerable value.
INSOLVENT DEBTOBS' COURT, Junc 4. LI1 RE WILLIAM GEORGE STEWAiT. (Beforc the Cnnar CommssioNxm This insolvent, a young man 24 years of age, applied to be discharged from prison. He was opposed by counsel on behalf of several creditors, of whom three were tailors. It appeared in the course of a long examination that the insolvent obtained a commission as Cornetin the 2d Dragoon Guards in May, 1854, and while he continued in the army he received, in addition to his pay of 8s. per diem, anominal allowance of 3)0. per annum from his father, who, however, really advanced him a larger amount, and had also paid bets) lost to brother officers. His total debts were 5 548. of which 3,150E. were debts without consideration. e attributed his insolvency to his having rendered himself liable on account of other parties. Among those with whom he had accommodation transactions were Lord Forth and Mr. A. W. Cole, a barrister out of practice, and now out of the country. The insolvent was arrested in November, and his commission was sold in April for 8401., of which sum 6501. was now in court for the benefit of the estate. The creditors complained of the extravagant courses which the insolvent had followed, having incurred such large debts in a very short time, his schedule now containing as creditors no less than ten tailors. The charge of extravagance was admitted by the insolvent's counsel to be well founded, but the blame on that account was equally attributable to the creditors, who by their facility in givin,g credit to a young man had encouraged the very vice of which they now complamned. The CnxsTr COIIsnSSIONSE remarked that fairness of dealing consisted in an equal knowledge on both sides. The insolvent knew he had ten tailors, but each of those tradesmen might have believed himself to have been the only one he employed. The case was adjourned until the 25th inst., for the broker to value a quantity of clothes, which had been redeemed from the proprietor of Cox's Hotel, by a payment of 701., and which had not yet been seen by the broker of the court.
POLICE. GuihDHAL-A number of the inhabitants of Plumtreecourt were summoned yesterday before Sir R. W. CA:RDEN, under the Nuisances Removal Act, to answer complaints of overcrowding their tenements to such an extent as to ren2er them dangerous and prejudicial to the health of the inhabitants. These proceedings were instituted by the Commissioners of Sewers, in consequence of a report made by Dr. Letheby, their medical officer of health, their attention having been previously drawn to the abominable condition of Pluntree-court by Alderman Finnis, and 3Ir. PhilIp2s, the relieving-officer of the West London Union. hane latter, having frequent occasions of visiting the w rhole of the tenements in question, was enabled to colect the following facts.:-There were 25 honses in the court, all of which were let out in small tenements, the rooms ryng in size, but on an averae not more than 12 feet square. Four of the houses had only one roomon a floor, and the remainder had two rooms. AUl of the houses had three floors. Ten of the houses contained, on an average, about 15 or 16 persons each, seven of them about 25 each, four of them about 35 each, three of them 42 each, and one house had 70 persons in it. Men, women, and children were huddled together not only in the same room, but inthe same bed, without respecb to age, sex, or condition. r. ayrreil made a communication to the-Alderman, and the whole of the summonses were then adjourned till Saturday. Baldwin Specht, a native of Germany, was charged with stealing a silver saltcellar from the North and South Ame- rican Coffeehousei ThrSade treet thr siver forks and two silver spoons from -the Victoria -Hotel, Euston xquare. - From the evidence given -n - former-oocasion it appeared that the prisoner was in the North and South American Coffeehouse on the 6th of M3ry last; aiid shortly-after he was gone the saltcellar was missed, and he ws identified by Mr.- Walker, a gold and tilVer refiner of Aldersgate-stieet, asthe: same person who sold the-saltcellar to 3 him.- The prisoner subsequentlyoffered-the silver forks and'poon"s'for sale, and was detained. by Mr. Walker, who had in the interum received information from,the polie- relative ..to the ialt-. cellar.-- The spoons and forks were darlyedeniie& as the property of Mr. Vantini';of the' Victoria. otel, portions of the crest which had been erased being-still visible.- The prsoner was comnmitted for trial-on both charges. MAOLs Ro0UGu.sTRErT.-M;r. Dunn, the rerson'so well knownAto the public in'connexionwitli his erin,acious pirsuitof Miss Birdett Coutts, .anea into court yesterday, and, addressing Mr. BRiSGoi the sittiiag' mairate, saidhe wshed to make a coniplaint of a 'very nainfiil. and lengthened nature against a lady residing' withmi the iurisdiction of this court-IEss Burdett Couits. His charge against the ladywas, that for Aeres of-years she had perse-- cutedhim in every conceivable, way; had gothim turnid out of 11 different lodgings ; bad caused him to be pursued by a lunatic fresh from a ljunatic? asylium, armed with- i loaded bludgeon - and, lastly, had entered into aconspirayv with his preseat fandlord and landlady to get himn tiured out of his Pimlicolodgings. It'was this lst;piece' of precution that had induced him to come forward and. asic the magistrate to grant him a warrant or a sumMnns against the lady in question. , against MIr. BJXrnAMs who appeared to be quite Aware of the antecedentsof Mr.Dunn,s aid, as the alleged persecution had: occurred in Pianlico, that place whs out of his district;' and the application must be made totheWestaninster policecourt. Mr- Dunn insisted that this Court was the proper tribunal to apply to, as he was sure the lady resided within the jurisdiction of the Court ; and, having argued the point at soae length, concluded by askng for a warrant or suiions. Mr. BsicGn L-..I decline to issue either. Mr. Dunn (angrily).-Then rll have a criminal informa-! tion against you. The applicant quitted the cortin high dudgeon. * WacsrsrSTEn.-On Tuesd' M'r. R. Dunn. barrister obtaineda sunmmons against Mr. Pottinger,.of 5, Palacestreet, Pimlico, charging him with unlawfully detaining somue important letters and papers, which was made returfi able yesterday. Upon the case being called on, Mr. Dunn, addressinr Nr~ PAYTER, the magistrate, said lhe r-equired' no q,ptibble or quirk of law, and a that he desired was that an miventory should be taken of the effects he had left inthe house of the defendant, where he had lodged, and that his privateletters and papers should be delivered up to him, or that he should be allowedto lock them up in the presence of an officer of that court. He was ready tod swear that one document alone in the defeudant's possession was -worth upwards of 1001. Mr. PAvsusnm observed that he had no jurisdiction in the matter then, as the Police Act only gave him poweg to order the restoration of property under the value of 15L Mr.JDnn said that the private letters he now sought to recover had nothing whatever to do with the document he had mentioned, and were merely detained to inconvenience aud annoy him. Mr. PAYNTEIS repeated that hie could not enter into the matter aft,er what Mr. Dunnhad saia about the value. Perons could 'ot divide ito. parts the property which another detained of theirs where the whole exceeded the value of 15I., because, if they could, by a series of proceedings of 10Z at a-time, they might recover 1001., and the magistraLe would be exercising a power which the Legislature never intended him to possess. Defendant.-I want my rent which Mr. Dunn owes me, X1. 9s.; all the property he has left at my house is not worth half-a-crown. Vr. PA±viuR.-Mr. Dunn has put himself out of court by stating the value to be above 151. If I had jurisdiction, the only orderl should make would be the delivery of-the things on payment of the rext. - Mr. Dunn.-WML you oblige me by sending au officer of the law with me to see mae lock up and seal the letters ? Mr. PAYTBR.-I cannot give you any authority to enter the defendant's house for any purpose. I have no objection to give a suggestion that your private letters should be sealed up by the defendant. Defendant.-I wish to pay every respect to the Bench, but I shall not allow Mr. Dunn to enter my house. His letters are of no interest to me, and aU I wish is that he would pay his rent and take them away. Mr. Dunn.-Won't you let an-efficer of the court go with me to seal my papersup? Of course the defendant while they are open, can read the letters. Ir. PAY--TERS-I see no reason to suppose that he has any desire to do so, and I dare say he will not do anything wrong. I have no jurisdiction, and cannot think of sending an officer. Defendant.-The room in which the things are is locked, and I would not give him half-a-crown for all hehas got. Mr. Dunn (indignantly). I put it to your worship whether two gold seals, a pair of razors that cost me a guinea, some clothes, worth L1. or 21., some books and acts of Earliament are not worth more than 2s. 6(d. Mfr. PAnE;TR.-Then I can suggest a mode of relieving you from any further difficulty. You can authorize the defendant to raise money upon the gold seals and other things you have mentioned by pawning some of them. He can deduct the amount of his claim and give yoi the remainder. Mr. Dumn.-I don't suppose, a pawnbroker wouldtake gold seals in with a crest arnd arms-engraved upon them.; Mr. PAY.iTXR.-Oh, yea, he would, underyour authority. Mr. Dunn.-If he has aiiy claim to the goods lethim distrain them. Mr. PAYNTER.-Then youmightlose your valuableletters and papers. Mr. Dunn.-I don't care a farthing about that. Then, as you will not interfere, I am just where I was. Mr. PAYNaE.-I told you you would be when you took out the summons. Mr. Dunn was about to make some further remark, when Mr. PAmrER repeated he could not interfere. WonsHii-sTREET.-Dani1e Mack, 18, was charged with the following robbery:- Mrs. Sarah Bishop, wife of a chymical manufacturer in Christchurch, Spitalfields, stated,-I was passing through the Mile-end-road on Monday afternoon when the prisoner and several others passed me in succession, as though pursaing one another, and one of them, whom I believe to have been the prisoner, though I cannot swear positively to him, suddenly snatched my reticule out of my grasp, and the whole of them ran away. I pursued, and caled" Stop thief P" but the thief escaped, and I have seen none of my property since. The reticule contained 31. 10s. in gold, some loose silver money, a gold pin, set with a topaz, and also some other articles. 3fr. D'Ev;couURT (to the prisoner).-Do you wish to ask this lady any questions? Prisoner.-., Sir; I only wish to say that I am guilty, Sir: quite gultby. Donoway, a constable of the H! dividion.-Prom a description I received of the thief I apprehended the prisoner last night in bed. HEe told me he had given a portion of the money to his landlady. Mr. D'EyBcounv.-What is known of him? Donoway.-I have known him for some years, and from what I can learn I believe this to have been his first offence, and that for some time before he got his living by hard work. (The prisoner here burst into tears.) Margaret Johnson, the prisoner's landlady.-I received 26e. of the prisoner on Monday evening. Mr. D'EvcouRT.-And what have you done with it ? Witness.-Why, I went to a "friendly lead" at a certain place, and had there my pocket picked of the whole of it. Mr. D'ExicoupT.-What does she mean by a " friendly lead 52' Donoway.-It is a coUection, Sir, among the friends and acquaintances of persons " in trouble," for the purpose of enabling them to procure the aid of counsel at their trial. Ir. D'EYNCouRT-Now, Mmrs Johnson, do you swear positively that you have really lost these 26s. 't Mrs. Johnson.-Yes, I do, Sir, of course. Mr. D'EvNcognv thereupon ordered the depositions for trial to be taken, and the prisoner tobe brought up for their completion. SouTHwARK.-William Smith, a well-dressed and re- spectable-looking young man, a clerk in the employ of Messrs. Easton and Amos, engineers, in the Grove, South wark, and George Smith, an engineer, in the same service' were further examined, charged with a most singular act of robbery, committed under the following artful circumstances:- The prosecutors have in their employ upwards of 300 workmen, who are paid every Saturday evening. The prisoner, George Smith, was one of their engineers, and, according to the wages-book, was entitled to receive 1 6s, 10d. on Saturday last. The prisoner William Smith being a clerk, his duty was to make out tickets, with the numbers of each ticket written on them, and the amounts due according to the books. These tickets were taken by Wiliam Smith to the cashier, who counted out each man's money accordingly, and plaoed them in separate bags, with the tickets. On Saturday evening the other prisoner's number was called, and he received the bag containing Sl. 6s. lOd., and took the money away with him, and the ticket that was falsely made out by his companion in crime, he at the same time well knowing that he was only entitled to 1L 6s. lOd. The whole of these circumstances were well known to the nr,, they having for a long time (evor since Williamv Smith had been in their service) missed large sums of money weekly, but were unable to ascertain how it had gone until within the last week or two, when from information they received they suspected the manner in vhich they had been robbed. To detect the prisoners the false ticket sent in by William Smith was put an a bag with 51. 6s. lOd., and given to George Smith, who claimed the contents as his wages. He was allowed to leave the countig-house, and,ashe did not return the overplus beyond his legal wages, the prosecutors gave both prisoners into custody on Monday. .Evidence having been given to that effect by 3r. LeUwis the cashier, and Wr. Easton's son, Mr. Solomon called on his worship to commit the prisoners for trial for the larceny. Mr. Binns contended that there was no ease of larceny, therefore his worship could not commit his clients (the prisoners) for trial. Mr. Solomon.-If not a larceny, there is a frand; but he should be able to show that it was a larceny. 3Mr. ABEcnnTv.-Can it be called a fraud when the parties are not deceived? The first prisoner, as clerk, has not paid any money to the other. Mr. Solomon.-William Smith wrote out the false ticket and the other received the money, knowing that he was not entitled to receive that sum of money, therefore the larceny 'was proved. The learned gentleman here called his worw attention to the Is Carrington and Kirwan, 195 PiThe Queen v. W s"- cawse tried by the late Serjea tt Mirehouse on the 6th of February, 1853, at the Old Bailey. Overtures were made by a person to the servant of a pnblican, Mr. Davis, of the Blue logts, Berwick-strect, to in- duco him to join inT-.xbint histr' t ThC serant .-omaunicated to (us mia6ter *bou it, and the latter toid him to' speak to the otEer, alinwii him to come to his niatWers- premises, the master hawing previouslyr niarked some money which he directed his servant to place on, the counter in order that it might be taken up by the person who made the overtures to. his servant. -'It was so taken up, and the Judges held it to be a larceny. His worshi wou perceive that the case before him was eexactly ! m and ,h aioesought to boeconmmitt,ed for trial. Xw lf~r.isnersrr said that, ?nder these circumstances, he should commit both the prisoners for triaL.' fr. Binusremarked, that ~as his worship had decidedaon eanunitting his clients for trial, hehoped he would serd. ihem to the Central Crminal Court, as wthey ould have the beniefit of the learned Judges to trv the case. It was one of greatimportnce, in which several points of law were ilmolved. -W. Solomon had no objection to that course being taken, as be was also of opinion that it was 4,veryinportant case.,Whe t MIr. A'BECxEr said that, asbothparties wished it on ticiular grounds, he should commit the prisoners for triaat the next Criminal Court segiions. * fr.Dinnshoped,underthe circunstances, athis worshiP would accept bail. Mr. A'BECKgTT had no objection, provided each prisoner could find two good sureties in 501. each and themselves in 1001., but they must give 24 hours' notice to the prose- - isEEnm-Richarc Collett, i tall, powerful-looldng fellow, who described himself as a costermonger, was finaly examined beforeMr. BLLopr on a charge of stealing a basket of valuable plate from the dwelling-house of hr. Edmond Bradley, in De Crespigny.pirk, Brixton. Police-constable Willia hillIps, 228 , deposed that on Saturday-week he saw the prisoneriand two others come out of De Crespigny- ark into Denmark-hilL. One -of them had a basket; and while he (witness) was spealdng to him the prisonerand the other walked away. Suspecting them, he followed, and saw the prisoner throw something over a wall and run as fast as he could. * This circumstance increased his (Phillips's) suspicions, and he continued to follow, the prisoner, and called out "Stop thief !" The prisoner continued to run, and dring his flight he observed him take twvo hz.dfuls of plate from his breast and throw them away. *Witness picked up some of it, and still continiied toMollow -the prisoner, who ultimately turned round a&nd walked towards him. While doing so he said, "-Are you looking after me ? I have done nothing." Upon which. he (witness) replied, " We shall see. thtat" and took him into custody. On emining the places--where he had seen the prisoner throw away the plate he found the teai gravy, dessert, and salt spoons, fish and butter knives, sugar tongs,] and other valuable articles produced. While taking the prisoner along, the prisoner said to a woman whom they i met, "iGhand tell MogI am collared for a basket of plate,] and to rights." Aim Dowler, servant to Mr. Bradley, the prosecutor, sxid the plate produced wvas the property of her master, and had been safe on the dresser in the kitchen at about half-past 12 on Saturday week. While it -was so placed on the dresser she saw the prisoner and two other men go past the kitchen window, towards the side door opening from the garden in front of the house to the kitchen. The key was in the lock of that door, and had been left there by her (wvitness) about 1 i minutes before, but she did not then recollect it. She went upstairs for about 10 minutee, and on returnito the kitchen she found the door open and the basket of late gone. In reply to the questions of the magistrate, the witness said that she had been out, and had forgotten to take the key out of the door on letting herself in, hut she was quite certain she alaznied the door after her, and that it closed with the usual spring lock. Mr. William Turner, a cow-keeper, residing in Yorkplace, Denmark-hill, said that on Saturday week he saw the prisoner while runing past his place throw something over avall into his garden; and on examining the garden he found the silver mug produced, which he subsequently found to be the property of Mr. Bradley, the prosecutor. The basket in which the plate was deposited was also pro. ducedbya Person -who had seen the prisoner th-ow it away during his Bight, and the prisoner, who offered nothing in defence, was fully committed for trial.
AMERICA. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) LIVERPOOI4 Juxz 4. The Atlantic has arrived with advices from New York to the 24th ult. She brings 212,080 dollars. The Washington correspondent of the Neoe Yoi-* He-rald writes on the 23d:- "1 r. Maxcy is now engaged in drawing np a reply to lord Clarendon's last despatch, and it will be forwarded to MIr. Dallas at the same time that Mr. Uranpton receives his passports. Mr. Marcy will show that Lord Clarendon's special pleading has only aggravated the offence. In Lord Clarendon's despatch the ground is taken that the witnmsses aainst Mr. Crampton are persons of worthless character, while, on the other hand, Mr. Crampton said the three British consuls, all honourable men, pledged their word that they are innocent of the charge made against them. The fact is, however, that Mr. Crampton's complicity in the offence rests upon -a different basis from that suggested by Lord Clarendon, and which seems to have escaped that gentleman's observation. It is based upon Mr. Crampton's own admissions, as contained in a letter written by him and produced at the Hertz trial. This is the document which has convicted Mr. Crampton, and not the testimony of his confederates; and the pledge of his honour, now tendered to show his innocence in the face of these facts, renders his further residence here personaly obnoxious. The theory upon which the Presidont excuses himself for not having 3ong since dismissed Mr. Crampton is that, when the corre. spondence was at first opened with the British Government, it was not known thathewasimplicated to the extentitafterwards appeared; but, having commenced a correspondence upon the subject, it was contrary to diplomatic etiquette and the relations existing between the two countries to act upon the additional evidence produced except by presenting it in the correspondence, and demanding Mr. Crampton's recall. That demand being now refused, nothing further -emains but to sum up the evidence and hand the Minister his passports. Had no correspondence taken place previously to Mr. Crampton's letter (that produced at the Hertz trial), he would have been dismissed without going through the formality of demanding his recall by his own Govern. ment. " I am sufficiently well advised to announce the fact that, while our Government will reciprocate the friendly feeling which is expressed by Lord Clarendon in his despatch, it will be shown that the interest of both nations will be best promoted by the appointment of a successor in the place of Mr. Crampton, who no longer enjoys the confidence of this Government. The British consuls implicated in the enlist. xnent affair will be permitted to remain, by way of compro. mise. It is supposed that England will take no exception to this procedure, as Mr. Crampton's dismissal will have been owing not alone to his complicity with the enlistment caae." Naval and military forces were being organized at Ilavannah to attack Mexico. Troops were also to be despatched to the aid of the Costa Ricans. The Senate had given permission for Dr. Paul to accept acknowledgments from the British Government. Her Majesty's ships Powerful and Arab artived :t Bermuda on the 4th Ilt. letters from BMexico state that Aluonte -was about to leave for England as ambassador. Advices from South America report ' an insurrectioni at Ariquipa, Southern Peru. EePresident Echenique had routed the authorities. Referring to Lord Clarendon's last despatch, the .Zerald says,- " The letter from Lord Clarendon to Mr. Dallas upon the case of the British Minister Crampton (the publication of which our Pierce Administration has shown itself so anxious to suppress) we take pleasure in laying before our readers this morning. We have no doubt that, upon the first reading of this smooth and oily document, by every fair and dispassionate man in the United States this letter will be pronounced a satisfactory basis for absolution to Mlr 'Crampton. A more ingenious and plausible statement of the case, and more ample atonement in the way of apology, could hardly be concocted. Tne spirit pervading this letter throughout is a spirit of pacification, as if the signer had come from. the Paris conferences with his mind expanded to a higher appreciation of the blessings cf pence than he had previously entertained, and disposed to laraer and more unqualified conces. sions for the restoration of the entente co. diale with this country than at any period, even the most inauspicious to England's arms and finances, during the Russian war. An olive branch so full of green and odorous blossoms from the I'almerston Cabinet to Brother Jonathan is certainly an extraordinary offering in behalf of John Bull. Lord Clarendon in this letter says--llere follows an extract from lord Clarendon's letter, expressing regret for offending, expressing belief in Mx. Crampton's innocence, and leaving the disposition of his case in your hands.3" The Herald then goes on:- " This is a most gracious refusal of the British Governmnent to remove Crampton and the 'offending consuls, but still it is a refusal, and nothing less. In the treatment of the case, however, following the special pleading and pettifogging of Marcy, Clarendon has fairly beaten our American pettifogger at his own game, and cornered him. A statesman desirous only of vindicating the offended laws of his country in the cases of Crampton and his associate consuls in this eminent business would have made short work of them on proof of their guilt. Instead of this, however, our pettifogging Administration sets Marcy to work upon his pettifoging letters. He proceeds to show, from the testimonyof Strobel and Hertz and others, and from the corre spondence in cyphers of Crampton himself, that lie and his associate consuls are guilty and must be recalled. A voluminous mass of pompous and inflated diplomatic verbiage between the Palmerston and Pierce Cabinets is the result, Palmerston taking the cue from -Marcy. It has brought us at length, after a hard winter, to this uthieati!m of Lord Clarendon, in which he puts the protestation of Crampton and his associate enlisting consuls, all honourable men, as better evidence than such unfaithful British agents and adventurers as Strobel, Hertz, and the lik-e. Whatever may be the value of the testiniony onl either side, a conviction of the guilt of the accused parties should have been sufficient for the definate action of our Administration. The final process adopted by Clarendon of discrediting Marcy's witnesses only illustrates the folly of our Premier in opening the door to this sort of special pleading. He can pursue the argument no further. 31arcy must now act, and must act upon the naked merits of the case, and independently of the pleadings, apologies, and protestations of the British Government as far as Her -WajesWs offending agents are concerned. And what are the naked merits of the case, stripped of this heavy mass of rubbish which has been thrown around them? Simply these-Me.srs. Crampton, Barclay, Mathew, _nd Roweroft are detected in the overt act of violating our neutrality; but they are tried and proved guilty; our Administration is entirely convinced of their guilt, says so, says their presence -here in their official capacities has inconsequence become nnacceptable, and demands their recall. The British Government reply that they do not believe their men to be guilty, and their recall is positively refused. Now what matters it how much the British Government may regret this business, or what apologies they may make, so they refuse to remove those offensive officials, whose removal is the sine gus.n non; and what, after all his ostentatious parade of learned pettifogging, can Marcy do-after being fairly cornered-but cut short this ridiculous correspondence by dismissal without further ceremony of Crampton and his vssociates ? The argument, we say, is closed, and if their zen are unacceptable and their removal is refused, they ought to be turned adrift, demands and apologies are exhausted. "We hope the one day's grace secured by Mr. Pierce in the suppressing of Clarendon's letter will have answered the purpose of that cool and delibrate Cabinet consultation essential to a final decision upon this miserable farce one way or the other. " Cornistency requires the dismissal of the offenders in premises. Policy and fear may dictate another course. In any event, believing that Mr. Pierce has made all the capital for Buncombe that can be made of this Crampton e;nbrog7io, Omnall as the stock-in-trade may be, there can be no lonLer a necessity for withholding a verdict till after the Cia cimmati Convention." The money article of the Bei-rcdd contains the following - " It will ma-ke very little difference whether Mr. Crampton is dismissed or not. The subject has been talked about, and is now so well understood, and the mountain which has been so long in labour vill at last bring forth a mouse. The effect has been already anticipated tenfold, and we shall no', be surprised to see stocks 2 per cent. higher in less than two days after Mr. Crampton's dismissal than the day before." hIe Couriien anidl Inquire), in its monetary article, says "tSpeculation in stocks at the opening of this week received a severe check, under the influence of the disturbing news from Washington in reference to the pending differ. ence with Great Britain, and, although it is now generally admnitte4 that no rupture betw8en the two- Governments is to he feared, The market h e nob yet f0lly recovered its buoyancy. However prices are firmer and all the efforts made by the bnyers to increase the depression have been without effect." The Washington correspondent of the same journal takes a very favourable view of the relations with England:- "No change has occurred relative to the opposition of the British Minister. I have repeatedly stated that the difficulties respecting him would be settled without insisting upon his recall, while the country was floodedwith oracular announcements-that Mr. Crampton was about to be disnissed; that he would receive his passports on Saturday, at I o'clock; that they would be ready in eight or 10 days. the Cabinet had decided to suspend intercourse with him' and soon. Your readers will bear in mind that I stated the probabilities were in favour of his remaining; that the Cabinet had decided nothing in the premises; that Lord Clarendon's despatch was apologetic and conciliatory; and that, in short, after some formal correspondence on the sub. jectwith Mr. Crampton himself, thematterwouldbe dropped. The dispute, I believe, was adjusted last Monday, as I informedyou;throughothersources,thepublicwillhavethecon- clusive audsatisfactoryexplanation that Mr. Crampton would have been dismissed had not the President aud Mr. Marcy changed their minds. Predictions 'will sometimes fail when facts cannot be manufactured to fulfil them. " The last despatch of Lord Clarendon which has been accepted, and making all the reparation demanded by the honour of the country, is a repetition of the apology tendered on the 16th of July last. It is accompanied, however, in this instance by a statement of facts not before known to our Government, and is, in its terms, somewhat more precise and iunequivocal. Happily the correspondence during the long interval has not been conducted in a manner to involve the two countries in war." The IJasliilgton, Un iol says- "The impression sought to be made that Clarendon's letter will induce the Government to change its policy (as indicated in the demand for Mr. Crampton's recall) is wholly without foundation. The determination of the Government is still the same." The Washington Intellige)we regards, Lord Clarendon's letter as so conciliatory and apologetic in its character that it patrontisingly hopes- That our Government will, in a spirit of frankness and cosrtesy, forego the further prosecution of this vexatious controversy, and accept the proffered hand extended to it by the British Government." The Washington correspondent of the Journal writes,- "The publication of the Clarendon despatch is quite timely, and welcome, and has tended to strengthen the confidence hitherto felt, that no practical difficulty can possibly occur between the United States and Great Britain in relation to the enlistment question. " Manypersons, since the character of the answer of the British Government became known, have deemed it unnecessary and impolitic to dismiss the Minister and Consuls. The case is sufficiently altered by the reply to justify President Pierce in changing his determination, which was no doubt that the Minister, if not recalled, should be dismissed. " After the apologies and assurances given by Lord Clarendon, there can be no necessity for seeking further redress. The Government will not be put in a humiliating position by the acceptance of Lord Clarendon's apology, but this has now become a very small and insignificant affair in comparison with prevailing domestic questions; those who have so long wished domestic war may be gratified ere long." The French Mfinister was actively engaged endeavouring to adjust the Crampton dispute. The commercial list states that Lord Clarendon's apology was favourably received by the business community, and thinks war improbable. The rates for money were more favourable to the borrower. Money was readily obtained outside the banks on stock, collat-erals at 7 per cent., and it was thought that should the least uneasiness be renewed arising from the condition of foreign affairs at Washington, the rates for money wouLld decline to OL. The Stock-market was firm, with less buioyancy, prices having undergone but little change. The rates of exchange were dull, with a declining tendency. We quote bills on London 9-i to 10 per cent. ; Paris, $5 7.c. to $5 1Gjc., 60 days; and $5 121c. short sight. in the cotton-market there had been a fair amount of business done, with a somewhat stronger tone, but without any change in quotations. There had been an active demand for flour, and prices ruled 121c. to 25c. Wheat had advanced 5c., with an active demand both for home use and export. Mless pork had fallen $1 per barrel, while prime had fallen only 2c. to 2c. Salt had been very scarce, and prices were firm. Freights to Great Britain were a shade easier. In other directions there was no change. We quote to Liverpool-flour, 2s. per barrel; wheat, 4&d. to 5d. per bushel. Cotton, 3-16 to 7-32 of a cent to London. Flour, $2 and $3 per barrel. Cheese, 20s. to 25s. per toni. To Havse, cotton, Ac. per lb. SmTrppPV?1c4 T%'rTFT.TCI.Tmw.P. The Washington-the Ontario-the Oswego-the Attwood ,-the Walter-the Bridgewater, and Yorkshire, have arrived at Xew York. The Lancaster, has arrived at Philadelphia. The WIarletta, has arrived at Baltimore. The Amazon, from London, has arrived at Xew York. The Albion, from Portsmouth, has arrived at Portland. The Ticonderago-the Fulton, and the Rattler, from Havie, and the Atlas, from Antwerp. have arrived at Xew York. _______
COURT CIRCULAR. The Queen, attended by Lady Macdonald and M1ajorGeneral Bouverie, visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester yesterday at Glocester-house. Her Majesty afterwards took a drive in an open landau and four with the Prince of Wales and the Princess Royal, attended by the Hon. Mary Bulteel. The Equerries in Waiting attended on horseback. Their Royal Bighnesses Prince Albert, the Regent of Baden, and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, went yesterday morning to Oxford University. In attendance were Lieutenant-General Baron de Schreckenstein, Baron de Moltke, Colonel Baron Seutter, Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Baron de Gemmingen, Captain the Hon. D. deRos, Captain Heinz, Lieutenant de Schreckenstein, Dr. Ullman, and Dr. Wegner. The Royal party left Buckingham Palace soon after 8 o'clock, in three carriages and four, for the terminus of the Great Western Railway, at Paddington, and travelled by a special train to Oxford. The Royal party returned to Buckingham Palace at a quarter past 7 o'clock. The Prince of Wales rode on horseback in the forenoon, and Prince Arthur, with the Princesses Helena and Louisa, took a drive in an open carriage and four. Her Majesty had a dinner party in the evening. The company included their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Kent, the Princess Royal, the Regent of Baden, and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, the Prussian Minister and Countess Bermstorff, the Earl and. Countess of Westmorland, the Earl of Aberdeen, the Earl and Coantess of Clarendon, Lady Anna Maria Dawson, Baroness de Speth, Lord and Lady Wodehouse, the Right Hon. Sir George and Lady Grey, Colonel Steele (Coldstream Guards), LieutenantGeneral Baron de Schreckenstein, Baron Moltke, Colonel Baron Seutter, Baron de Gemmingen, CaptainHeinz, Lieutenant de Schreckenstein, Dr. Ullman, and Dr. Wegner. Her Royal Hlighness the Duchess of Kent went to Fromnore yesterday, attended by Lady Anna Maria Dawson, Baroness de Speth, and Lord James Murray. Her Royal IEighness returned to her residence, Clarence-house, St. James's, in the afternoon. A deputation on the Coalwhippers Bill had an interview with Lord Stanley of Alderley and the Right Hon. R. Lowe yesterday, at the office of the BoaTd of Trade. The deputation consisted of Lord Lovaine, M.P., Mr. LiddeLl, M.P., MIr. Ridley, M.P., Mr. Beaumont, M.P., MUr. Forster, M.P., Mr. Ingham, M.P., Mr. Fenwvick, AI.P. Sir James Duke, Mi.P., Mr. MSowvbray, M.P., Mr. Headlam;, Iil.P., Messrs. Peter Davey, Thomas WVilliam, N. Wood, jun., George Smith, Edmund Lucas, and William Idilans. The Committee of the Lords of tie Privy Council, which sat on Tuesday respecting the Oxford Statutes, had a meeting yesterday, in the Council Chamber, Whitehall. Present -Dhe Lord President, Sir G. Grey, the Right Hon. T. Pemberton Leigh, the Right Hon. Spencer Walpole, the Right Hon. Dr. Lushington, the Right Hon. M. T. Baines, and the Right Hon. Sir J. Graham. Despatehes for the Governors of the Australian Colonies vere sent last evening from the Colonial-office.
LIVERPOOL CORPORATE ADDRrsS TO MED QU= -The address prepared by a committee of the Liverpool corporation, congratulating the Queen upon the restoration of peace, was read yesterday at the meeting of the Liverpool Town Council. It particularly alludes to and commends the agreement come to by all the leading nations-of Europe to abolish the practice of privateering in all future wars. The docwument, together with a letter from Sir G. Grey, intimating Her Majesty's znost gracious reception of the address, was directed to be entered upon the minutes of the Conneil proceedings. A COu-yE:REEIT -NnEED.-With reference to the portraits of Palmer, a correspondent of the Newcca.tle Guardian says:-" There are, as you will suppose, none of them of very great accuracy; but the most atrocious of all s one which, some 12 or 13 years ago, ,when the Corn Law agitation was at its height, did duty for a portrait of Mr. Cobden. Some scoundrel of a prmntseLler, it seems, has got of the plate, has hammered out the name of Cobden, nd inserted that of Palmer, and in that condition the rude cheat is sellng about the streets at a penny."
THE WEST INDIA, MXlC2Al, A-VD PACIFIC MAILS. SOUTHMPTON, Jusx 4. By the Royal Mlail steamship Solent, Captain Jellicoe, -with the Wtest India, Mexican, and Pacific mails, in charge of Jieutenant Payne, R.N.) Admiralty agent, we have dates from:- T2anpico . . ,ay 3 Barbadoes... may 12 VeraCruz . .. - 6 Grenada ... - 1 Hfavannah .. - 10 Carriacou ... ... . Greytown ... ... - 5 St. Vincent's : 1 Carthagena - li11 St. Lucia .. - 13 Colon . . - 10j Martinique .. - 13 Jamaica ... ... - 11 Guadeloupe . - 13 Hayti ... .. - 13 Dominica - 13 Porto lico ... - 15 Antigua . - 13 Demerara ... ... - 10 St. Kitt's .. - 14 Tobago ... ... - 10 St. Thomas's .. - 15 Trinidad ... ... - 10 Fayal ... . - 29 The Solent brings 174 passengers, among whom are the Lieutenant-Governor of Grenada (Keate), Lieutenant Cowell, Dr. Dempstead, Count de Borjet and suite, dic. On freight there is specie valued at $3,617,320 7c., or, say 726,000l. sterling, of which $2,926,729 46c. is on account of the MIexican dividends. The specie is from the following ports: -From Tampico, $1,004,708 33c.; Vera Cruaz, $1,922,021 13c.; the Pacific ports, $290,649 3c.; California, $318,500 34c. ; Carthagena, $63,267 20c.; Jamaica, $4,469 98c.; St. Thomas's, $10,704 6c.; and other parts of the West Indies, $3,000. The cargo of the Solent comprises only 120 packages of sundries. During the homeward voyage the Solent experienced moderate weather. Her late arrival was caused by being compelled to put into Fayal for coal. The intelligence from the West Indies is a-vain uninteresting. The news from Jamaica reports a slight disturbance among the military, but no lives were sacrificed. In the markets alewives were selling at 24s. to 26s. Americanbutter was sold at 13d. to 13Wi.; Irish, 14d. to 15d.; but owingto the very small stock of the latter description the principal holder had refused less than 1Gd. Brandy was worth 1Ss. to Los. per gallon best quality. Coffee was scarce and corn dull. Sales in sugaar were being effected at 18s. to 20s. Od.. according to quality. Exchange was quoted fir bills on London at 90 days, i per cent. premium; 60 days, 1 per cent. ditto; 30 days, 14 ditto; merchants' bills were at par. From Demerara we learn that the Court of Policy assembled in the 5th ult. A report having been read from the Immigration Agent-General on the arrival of the bark Dorcas from Madeira, and also a letter from Messrs. Allen, Brothers, and Co. on the subject of the detention of the Dorcas, a very anumated discussion ensued on the general question of emigration from Madeira on the existing system, as well as on the liability of the colony to the payment of the bounty for inmnigrants who would not enter into contracts for service as agricultural labourers. The subject is one of considerable importance to the colony, as it would be absurd to pay a bounty on immigrants who would not indenture themselves for a term as field labourers. The immigrants are wanted as agricuiltural labourers, and for no other purpose. The Court resolved:- "1 That, adverting to the minutes of this Court of the 5th of January, 1855, duly communicated to the authorized agent of this colony at Madeira, and subsequently published by proclamation of his Excellency the Governor, the Court cannot acknowledge any liability on the part of the colony for the payment of bounties on any Madeira immigrants vho will not enter into indentures as agricultural labourers for three years; and t7he charterers are referred to their legal remedy against the passengers in question." The session of the Supreme Criminal Court hadterminated, thereby closing the heaviest calendar ever knovn in the colony-viz., 84 cases, and about 130 prisoners. Of these, however, about 107 were indicted for being concerned in the late riots. The principal offender, named Orr, alias the " Angel Gabriel," was sentenced to three years' imprisonment with hard labour. Re is of a most excitable temperament, and it was with great difficulty that his friends prevented him from conducting his own defence. An attempt had been made to set fire to the house of the Attorney-General, but fortunately the attempt was discovered in time to enable the family to escape. A proclamation had been issued by the Governor offering a reward of $1,000 for the discovery of the offender. The subject of a water supply for the city had not been settled; in fact, the newspapers state that the question seemed as far from a settlement as ever. The Hon. John Lucie Smith had been appointed Attorney-General. The militia had been formed. At the ballot 207 naimes zwere drawn. The VolunteerRifle Corps is 100 strong, and the cavalry musters 122. The total number to be called out according to the ordinance is 330, exclusive of officers, but the number actnally drawn makes with the volunteers 329. A favourable change had taken place in the weather, and copious and frequent showers had fallen. Dysentery before the rain fell was very prevalent, but had since considerably declined. The exports for the fortnight were unusually limited. Sugar, 445 hogsheads, 29 tierces, 2 barrels; ruin, 128 puncheons, 14 hogsheads, 12 barrels; molasses, 29 puncheons; greenheart, 9,000 feet ; 214 salted hides, 385 sheepskins, 145 tons, and 13 pieces of old metal. There were very few ships in the harbour. Frefghts were low and produce scarce. Business among the merchants was very Her Majesty's ship Arachne left Deinerara for Barbadoes and Antigua on the 10th inst. At Trinidad drought prevailed, although a few showers had fallen. One large fire had taken place, which destroyed a quantity of canes. A second batcli of coo]ies had been received and distributed. The following are the stations of Her M![ajesty's ships :-At jamaica, Termagant, Imaum, Marinier, and Malacca; at Barbadoes, Vestal; at Greytown, Eiurydice. The Panama Star and Herald publish a list of the persons hllled and wounded by the late accident on the Panama Railroad. As far as the calculation had been made, it shows 43 to have been killed and about 60 wounded. The unfortunate passengers comprised three English and several Irish and Americans. The Panama papers also publish columns of correspondence respecting the late Panama massacre, but nothing new is added to the facts already printed. Intelligence from the Pacific states that at Chili all was quiet. The crops had been greatly injured by heavy rains which had fallen during the month of March. In Peru, General Castillo exhibited an inclination to carry matters with a high hand. Political pronumciamientos were expected, and would probably shortly appear.
TJisTxD STATES' SmsnsN.-In Die Tinws of this day week we gave some particulars of an application made by a number of United States' masters to the North Shields' magistrates for authority to empower the police to apprehend and restore a number of thetr seamen who had absconded, and who were joining the British mercantile service. But as England is not upon terms of reciproeity with the United States for the restoration of runaway seamen of either country for which the Cabinet at Washingston isto blame asourBoardof Trade is anxious such a treaty hould exist-the authorities could not interfere, but recommended that Mr. Herbert Davy, the United States' ViceConsul on the Tyne, should lay the whole of the cireumstances before the American Minister in London, with a view to procuring an international treaty for the mutual protection of British and UJnited States' shipping in the respective ports. MIr. Herbert Davy is an American citizen, and it wvould have been imagined that, with a kcnowledge of the excitement that has been caused in the United States by the infringement, or supposed infringement of the municpal laws of that country by British agents, lie would he done nothing to compromise the lawvs of England, In the present relation of America to this counatry with regard to runaway seamen, a seaman may do what he likes with his labour if he can get ashore, and an A merican article of agreement cannot he enforced in any o ouir police-courts or a man punished for evading it. Of course, any one apprehending a mann our streets as a deserter wouild be guilty of an assault, and liable to punishment. But it appears that, previous to the last apphcation to the magistrates several American seamen had been apprehended by the River Tyne police and conveyed on board the vessels they had deserted from, though no sooner were they taken on board than they deserted again. The police, in thus setting at defiance the law theywere sworn to maintain, lad acted under the following gnarantee:-"I, Herbert Davy, Vice-Consul of the United States of A4merica, do hereby authorize the River Tyne police to apprehend all deserters from Atmerican vessels, and also, in cases where seamen refuse to do their duty, the captains may call theassistance of the River Tyne pole, for whose acts I am responsible. In testimony whereof I hereunto set my hand and affLs my seal of office this TM day of May, 1806. Herbert Davy, Vice-Consul of the United States of America." This discussion of the subject may possibly lead to an international treatybetween England and America, asbetweenEngland and the other princi pal maritime countries of the world, for the mutual protection of the mercantile marine and the maintenance of discipline on board of ships in the respective ports of either country. The shipowners of the Tyne do not care much about the matter. THE NATIoxN.L SCHoOL.-In our notice of the Choral Festival which took 'place in aid of the funds of this institution at Wesminster Abbey, it is stated that by Royal letter, recently suppressed, the National School uEed to benefit to the amount of "more than 800, annually." 8001. wm a misprint for % l00?.
'NAVAL AND MIfTARY INTLLIG&NwB. 1 Her Majesty's sloop Fantome, 14, Commnnder J. H. Gennys, arrived at Spithead yesterday evening fromthe Austrahan station. She sailed from Fort Philip on the 4th of Febzrary and Rio on the 10th of ApriL She left Her Liajesty's ship Electra at Fort Philip. The Fantome's passage has been a verylong one. She has broughtno news, but 20,000oz. of gold on freight, and Lieutenant Moller, of the 46th Regiment. She sigalled the bark Berkshire on the 26th ult. off the Western Islands. Her Majesty's ship Cossack, 20, Captain Fanshawe, is ordered forthwith from Spithead to Halifax. Her Majesty's ship Blenheim, 60, Captain W. H. Hall, C.B., was paid off, all standing, yesterday, at Portsmouth, and wil be xeconmissioned this morning by Captain the Hon. F. T. Pelham, C.B. (late Commodore and Captain of the Fleet), as the depot ship of the steam fleet in zeserve at that port. Her Majesty's ship Dauntless, 24, Captain Ryder, was taken into the steam basin yesterday at Portsmouth to receive new-boilers, &c. The steam transportTynemouth left Spitheadon Taesday night for the Thames, to disembark the Army Works Corps she brought home from the East. Her Majesys steam despatch gun vessel Intrepid, 6, Commander Wood, is ordered from Portsmouth to Falmouth. Her Majesty's steamvessel Vivid, Master-Commander W. H. Allen, left Portsmouth for Woolwioh yesterday. Her Majesty's steamsloop Medea, 6, Commander Peirse, ha. gone into Portsmouth harbour to be paid off. The crew of the screw steamship Edinburgh, 60, Captain Richard S. Hewlett, are ordered to be paid off on Taesdaj, the 10th inst. She will be recommissioned as a gannery ship at that port. The crew of the paddlewheel steamship Hccla, 6, Commander Aplin, bent sails on Tuesday, and she steamed from Hamoaze into Plymouth Soand. The crew of the surveying ship Pandora, 4, Commander Byron Drury, are ordered to be paid off at Plymouth this day (Thursday). The screw steam-transport Australia, Captain Burn, from Portsmonth, touched at Plymouth on Tuesday morning, and sailed in the afternoon for the Crimiea. The war department of Wcolwich Arsenal is engaged inforwarding 65 tons of shell, to be shipped on bsard the Ellenborough in the London Docks, bound for Sydney. The steam transport Chester, Nro, 182, arrived at Woolwich yesterday morning from the East, last from Spithead, with Ordnance stores, and was ordered to enter the Victoria Docks to discharge. Instractions were received yesterday morning from the Admiralty by the Superintendent of Transport Shipping at Woolwich, directing his personal inspection of Mr. C. Clifford's apparatus for lowering ships' boats, and requesting his report thereon, with a view of introducing the system into general use. The East Indiaman Herefordshire, CaptainaW. P. Stevenson, sailed yesterday morning from Woolwich to embark troops from Balaklava. The Maly Ann troop ship, Commander C. Lambert, left Deptford yesterday with victualling stores for Constantinople and the East. She will return to England with troops. The Heroes of Alma troop ship, Commander T. Silk, also sailed yesterday for the East, and is likewise intended to bring home troops. The Calypso, 18, has been taken into dock at Chatham for the purpose of being brought forward for sea. The following circular, having reference to the service of officers, has been forwarded to commanding officers of dep6ts andregiments - " Commanding officers are hereby informed that the statements of the services of officers, according to the printed form sent to regiments and depOts, with the circular memorandum of the 19th of September last, are to be completed immediately to the 31st of M1arch, 1856, and forwarded to the MlUitary Secretary, Horse Guards. Those actions only which have been noticed in general despatches are to be inserted in the records of such officers as may havve been engaged therein. "By command, G. WETmE.RLt, A.G." Captain Mountai's No. 1 Company, 13th battalion, Royal Artillery, lately relieved from Norwich, was yesterday morning inspected for foreiga service, in front of the barracks at Woolwicb, by General Whinyates, Commandant of the Garrison. Captain Greville's Company, from Leith, passed inspection at the same time, and is to embark at an early date for Malta and Gibraltar. MILITIA. In our account of the inauguration of Wellington College no mention was made of the Royal South Glocester Militia. We are requested to state that this regiment took part in the proceedings.
IRBLAND. DUBLIN, WEDNESDAY MORNING. THE TIPPEHARY B A2-K. (FROM OuR. OWN VoRR:PAqT) )nVpI 'The case, pro anid co?.., of the English shareholders has been concluded, and now awaits the judgment of the Rolls' Court. An allusioii made yesterday by coumsel for the petitioner to the argument of the other side, that no conspiracy was alleged against John Sadleir with any particular party to carry out those frauds, elicited the following remarkable discussion " The Master of the Rolls said that he did not wish, in a case of suchimportanceasthis was, toshutoutanyinformation which was necessary, or prevent any affidavit from being made by the English shareholders; therefore he would permit his (counsel's) client to make a short affidavit, stating that, from the facts of the case, and from what had appeared in the books and docuinents of the company, they believed that James Sadleir and John Sadleir conspired together to defraud them with regard to those shares, andto entrap them into becoming shareholders. It appeared in the course of the proceedings that-for the meeting of December, 18, a balance-sheet had been prepared, setting forth the accounts of thebank for the preceding year; thatthis waspreparedwith statements whichweretotallyincorrect,forthe purpose of laying before the rmeeting a flourishing account of the concern; that at a subsequent period, when John Sadleirwasabout getting the shares transferred or sold to the English shareholders, he "ot prepared anoSher balance-sheet, g,iving a still more flurisYsing account of the same period, and in which it appeared that the paid-np capital of the company was 10,000I., instead of 40,000l. as it actually wvas, and that the net profits for the half-year bad actually been only 4,0001. odd. ~ ~ ~ ~ en nl "Mr. Lawless handed in the original document from which the balance-sheet was prepared, in the handwriting of Jlia Sadleir, and it appeared from the affidavit of 31r. Kelly that that document was handed to him (Kelly) with instractions to have the fraudulent balance-sheet prepared, as set out in the document; it was afterwards so prepared, and shown to the English creditors. " The Master of the Rolls said that, although it would be necessary for him to consider the case very fully before he delivered his judgment, as his order would affeeb property to the amount of 50,0001., he considered it just to the pubc to make some statement with regard to the base. (Pt was here intimated to his Honour that the order would affect a much larger amount). lis Honour continued to say that the property affected could not he more, because the shareholders could not, under the Winding-up Act, be charged beyond the amount of their shares, and the call of 401. now mnade would be the full amount of the power given under the act, but the liability of 'the members of the company to the creditors in another court was quite a different question. He should carefully consider all the bearings of the case, because, although the Irish shareholdersmighthavebeen guilty of some neglect in not looking after the affairs of the company, many of them were partly innocent. The transactions of the directors and the parties wvere tainted with the most extraordinary fraud, and it seemed strange to him that the Irish Government had not taken any notice of the case. If the Government overlooked the facts that appeared upon the case, he considered that they would be guilty of very great dereliction of duty to the public. His Efonour then referred to a judgment of Lord Campbell in 2d House of lords Cases, in which his Lordship laid down the law in such cases to be, that if the directors of a company, by fictitious means, fraudulently raised the price of shares in the ruarket by declaring a dividend upon the capital, when in fact there were no profits out of which topaysuchdividend, theywere gailtyof thegreatest fraud, and would be answverable for it, not only civilly but criminally, as fora conspiracy to defraud thepubc, and such offence would amount to amisdemeanour. This view-n-as entirely concurred inbyLord Brougham and several of the other judges in England. His Hlonour also said that the official manager had only discharged his duty to the Irish shareholders, and he had not any hesitation in saying, whatever opinion he might ultimately form, that he was not only justified but called upon to place the English shareholders on the list of contributories. He had acted perfectly right, but was boand, of course, as the shareholders appeared by counsel and solicitor, to represent the Irish shareholders, which he had properly done. He had no reason to complain of his conduct. A document in the handwritmg of John Sadleir had been handed up to him. That was a most important document in the history of the case: he wished it to be verified and endorsed as the document which had been given to the Court as the handwriting of John Sadleir. His Honour intimated that he would consider his judgment, and require from the official mcanager all the documents necessary to enable him to arrive at a just conclusion; ho would not name any day for giving his judgment, but would give it certainly some day during the present sittings. " lMr. Meldon informed his Hionour that a dividend would fall due, and it was important, on that account, that his Honour's Judgment should be given. " The Master of the Rolls said that no dividend could or should be enforced against any of the English shareholders until his judgment was pronounced.", GOVERN3ENT PATR.ONAGE. The three Crown Solicitorships on the northwestern circ-uit are finally disposed of, and the selection of the parties appointed appears to have given -what raely happens now-a-days-general satisfaction. The new officials are Mr. E. Geale, brother-in-law of Earl Fortescue; Air. Thomas Fitzgerald, brother of the Irish Attorney-General; and Mr. W. H. M'Grath, son-in-law of Air. a. O'Biien, one of the members for the county of Clare. The salary of each is fixed at 8001. a-year. Apropos of Govermnent patronage, the Xilkenny Tau'nal announces the appointment of MIr. M. Banim,v brother of the late John Banim, the Irish novelist, to the postmastership of Eilkenny. The brothers were joint authors of the celebrated Tales of tze OHa-rc Familqy-a wvork vwhich must always hold a high place in the annals of fiction. KNCUMBERED ESTArES COUT. The estates of the late Mr. Richard laxwell Fox, MIP., situate in the county of Longford and city of Dublin, were put up for sale yesterday. Nie lots only were disposed of publicly, it being understood that the remainder had been purchased by private contract. The amount realized by the public sale was about 14,0001. PROGRESS OF TRANQURLITy. A Dublin paper notices a rgratifying fact, as showing the peaceable and orderly state of the northern Irish counties, that on the 26th of M1ay last there were not in either of the gaols -of Drogheda, Dundalk, Monaghan, or Antrini a single priso er for trial at the ensuing assizesto be held for the northeast circuit, while in one of the two remaining towns on that circuit-viz., Armagh and Downpatlickthere was but one solitary prisoner in "durance vile," and in the other town but five. Such circumstances have probably not occurred for very many years. STATISTICS OF rEGRATION. The following information is derived from the report of the Emigration Commissionersr:- RIt needs not the language of hyperbole or exaggeration to represent in all its mragnitude that stream, rather that torrent of emigration, which, pouring out from every Irish seaport, has broken on the North American seaboard, and spread over various states of the Great Republic as well as the colonies of Great Britain. Figures, m such a case, beggar fancy. It appears by the last returns of the Emigration Cormssioners that the strength and volume of the mighty human tide have been greatly diminished during the last year, as compared to the previous year-in fact, to aboLt one-half; butwhetheritisto shrinkinto stilinarrowerlirmits, or swell into an extent somewhat approaching its former magnitude, is one of those problems which depends for its solution onmany causes, and among othersthe developement of the material resources of Ireland, or their neglect, by the rulers of the country. The Irish emigration in lS5was 1D0,000 souls; while in IS55i t amounted only to 78,854. For the four previous years-that is, from 1851 to 1854 inclusive the number of Irish who quitted their native shores for the States, Canada, and the British North American Colonies, and Australia, was 832,335; or including last year, more than 900,000 persons. But not going further lack than the year 1841, it appears that in 14 years upwards of 2,000,000 people left Ireland, or one-fourth of what the population of that country was according to the census of 141. The total number that left the united kingdom from the close of the :Peninsular war to the end of the year 1855 was 4,293,766, of which vast contribution to the Populations of other countries Ireland furnished the great bulk, the number of English and Scotch bearing no proportion to that of the Irish. The average total number of emigrants between the years 1816 and 1830 inclusive was 24,582, which was increased in the 15 following years to 78,000, the largest emigration having been 12,S344 in 1842. But it was the Irai- famine which imparted to the Exodus that tremendous force which it was at one time apprehended would have drained the country of its population. In the eight years which, commencing with 1847, and ending with 1854, might be said to have been influenced by the famine and its consequences, no less than 2,444,802 persons quitted the united kingdom, being an average of 305,60D a-year. The number in 1852 was 368,764. I said that the gross emigration from the year 1815 to the vear 1855 was 4,293,766; and I may, in order to make the subject clearer, state how they were distributed over the vworld. The North American colonies received 1,132,963 of the wanderers; the United States got the largest portion, the emigration to them being 2,59L745; the Australian colonies and New Zealand obtained 507,783; and all other places. 61,074. " The Commissioners are surprised that, considering the diminution of the population of Ireland, and the higher rate of wages consequent on that diminution and the general improvement of the country, the number of Irish emigrants was so large last year as 78,854. They remark:-'It is not astonishin- that under those circumstances emiaration should have diminished; it is rather matter of surprise that it should continue so large as it is.' If you adi the number who left Ireland last year to the number who left the year before, you will find, that. in the two years during which England carried on war with, perhaps, the greatest milita-y nation in the world, no less than 239,000 of the Irish racea race essentially warlike in their tastes-quitted their native Iend. I shall not inthis place enlargo upon the impolicy of those laws and that government which brings about such a state of things; the bare recital of the fact is of itself pregnant with matter for reflection. I "That feature of the wondrous migration of the Irish people of which the most startling combination of figures gives but a very imperfect idea, Is the amount of money remitted from the new homes to the old country of a malgned race. The commissioners state that the amount remitted since 184, the first year in which they had any information on the subject, have been returned to them at 8,393,0001. During the three last years the amounts remitted were- 1853 ... ... ... ... ... £C1,439,000 154 ... ... ... ... ... 1,730,000 1S55 ... .. ... ... .. 8.73,000 This would give a total of more than 4,000,0001. in three years! The following passage is too interesting to be omitted:- "'Those accounts far exceed the whole expense of the Irish emig,ration to the A merican continent in each of those years. Indeed, in the year 1855, that expense can hardly be calculated at more than 279,0001., leaving an excess of 676,0001., even assuming (vrhat is farbeyond the truth) that thle whole emigration was p aid for out of remittances. ln 1854 the axcess must have been much larger; probably more than 1,000,0001. sterling. We may repeat what we have stated on former occasions, that our returns for remittances do not profess to show the whole money sent home. They only comprise the returns furnished to us by the principal bankers and merchants connected with America, but are necessarilysilent as to remittances through private channes.' ' In another place the commissioners refer to tables showing the gradual increase of the sums annually paid by residents in Australia in order to assist the emigration of their friends; and they add-' The Irish are the principal depositors.' THE FUNDS. Three-per Cent. Consols, 93S ,; ditto, for account, June 9, 93g- 1 ; ditto, for new account, July 8, 93t Q New Three per Cent. Stock, 93A ; *Bank Stock, 226; Royal Bank of Ireland, 101. paid, 20; british andIrish Steam, 501. paid, 32; Grand CanalCompany, 1001. paid, 39Q. Railways.- ublin and Drogheda, 751. paid 64; Dnblin and Wickllow, 101. paid, 5l0 4; Midland Great Western and Royal Canal, ditto, half shares, 25E. paid, 253; Waterford an5 per cent. preference 44.
ilWODEL LODGINW-HOUSES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TfES. Sir,-Your article of Friday has attracted much attention to the necessity of providing the poorer classes wvith fit and convenient dwellings, instead of the wretched, unhealthy places they are st-il compelled to inhabit. Your aUusion to the buildings I have erected in Grosvenor-mews, at the back of Berkeley-square-inwhich mention is made of the orderly and cleanly appearance and evident comfort of the tenants -induces me to trouble you with this letter to confirm all that is stated there. I had erected one building (in place of a filthy heap of hovels), having accommodation for 32 small families, with every convenience of water, dust-shafts, closets, coal cellars, wash-house, &c., from rents of 3s. C(d to 5s. each. This I sold to some gentlemen connected with the parish who had formed a committee for the improvement of the dwellings of the humbler classes. It proved successful in evei-y way. Having some ground offered me soon after in the same locality, Ibuailt another dwelling-house upon a similar plan, and have every reason to be satisfied with the venture, either regarding it as an investment or as a step towards providing the poorer or the labouring classes vith more comfortable homes. The principal portion of the tenants, previonsly to these houses being built, were living either over stables or in the courts of this neighbourhood, paying from 3s. to 6s. per week foroneroom only. A vacancy seldom occurs, and if so, at least half-adozen applications are immediately made. Among other visitors since the appearance of your article, Sir W. Cabitt called on Saturdaylast, and was much pleased with the general arrangement of the bnildings. The writer of a letter in 1ie Tinzes of to-day seems to doubt the safety of the investment; to which 1 have only to say that, should I be offered a plot of ground upon reasonable terms, and favourably situated, as regards light, ventilation; &c., for the purpose, I shall be most happy to erect, at my own cost, buildings of a simnilar kind. I am, Sir, your most obedient servant. JOHN NEWSON. U6, urosvenor-mews, Newv Bond-street, June 3.
LYCEUM THEATEE. lNever probably-save on the first night of the Jirst ZMim t,eur pantomime-was an audience assembled in a Londozi theatre so thoroughly actuated with an absorbing feelng oLf curiosity as the audience who last night sat expecting thQ appearance of Madme Ristori. Who ever heard of snob thing as an Italian tragedy in this metropolis? Thedialecf of Tuscany is to the studious a language of old poets, almosb as classical as Horace and Virgil-to the ple asee'ng ' lanrmage for opera libretti. Bt a play written to be apec in Italian was a sort of encroachment on one's ordinar association of ideas. Nevertheless, here was a great aetrze coming, who was not only to do away -with all our oll notions, but even to teach us that Mademoiselle PRachel, for so many years deemed unapproachable, remained unxp. proachable no longer. Rumours of Madame Ristoria success in Paris had travelled across the Channel. to the effect that enthusiastic Trenchmen consideret the Italian artist the most wonderful avatar of thf tragic muse that had ever displayed itself to mortay gaze. Surely here ws enough to jusify, not merely curiosity, but a feeling aldn to anxiety; and, though oaU expression maynot be of the most elegant,we will venture to say that the audience was actually " gapine" 'vith expqt fation long before the curtain rose. The play selected for the ddb(tt -was not of pure Tuscsa1 origin. It was the Medic of M. Ernest LegoavE, of whiclE there was much talk in Paris about a couple of Sears aga when 3ladamoiselle Rachel refased to play the principal part, and in consequence of such refusal was sentenced to pay heavy damages by a court of law. In its original FrencE the play has never been acted, but it has been turned into Italian by a Signor Montanelli, and in this shape has beeome one of the chief works in Madame Ristori's rspcrtoire. At Paris Mledea was reckoned one of her most striking parts, and it was not ill chosen for her d4lit in london, when she had to moet a public anxious to decide on her merits, and not willing to trouble themselves with the disentanglement of a new story, M. Legouv6 had certainly departed from the simple plot oE Euripides with the most noble disregard of precedent, buf still everybody knew the general outline of the old fable in which Medea and Jason are the-principal personages, and t.herefore had abroad notion of the passions about to be delneated. The curtain rose, and though the earlier scenes, in whicz Creon, King of Corinth, Jason, and Orpheus (a somewhat tedious sage, whom Euripides very -wisely forbore to touch7; chiefly occupied the stage, were not of a very interesting kind, they served to disclose the fact that the blank verse, the distinctly articulated words, and the broad sounding vowels of Italian tragedy -were much more accord with our notions of poetical dramatic language than the diction of Racine and Corneille. In a very few minutea people began to feel perfectly at home wvith this new sensation, and they could admire Signora Pic'hiottino, thevery pretty young lady who played Creusa, and who, anticipating her marriage with Jason, prayed to Atemis with a great deal of juvenile pathos. But all these trifles were forgotten when a tall and handsome woman, carrying one child and leading another, appeared on the mountains at the back of the stage. This was the Ristori-this was Medea, in whom the mnaternal principle was at once made prominent to heighten the horror of the catastrophe. The demeanour was proud anc commanding, the countenance was of the haughtiest in its outlme, the eye was dark and flashing, and thounh the only feelng delineated was that of suffering (for Xedea, according to. 1Legouvd, has lost Jason, and has become a homeless wanderer), the aspect-was of a suffer4 ing queen. A thunder of acclamations followed,-almose anticipated her appearance,-andeven when she had uttereZ the few first lines, instructing her children to kneel before tho temple with suppliant boughs in their hands, and i:Q. plore protection, there was such a tenderness in lher tone that a gasp of sympathy might be heard in every direce tion. The charm of the voice, the power of modulating it -were so manifest that none could resist its fascination. Then came a dialogae between Crensa and Moede, much olz the same principle as that between Adelgis and 2\orma beginning with mutual friendship, ana ending with the discovery that both theladies are inlove withthe same person. Creusa is the innocent girl, Medcea is a grand criminal, who has committed all sorts of delinquencies, but who has a soP of glory in her gailt, and -who, when she sees her new-made acquaintance shrink with horror at a hint that murder h3s been among her misdeeds, utters the -word " fanciullaP ! with a sort of compassionate scorn. Jealousy comes to be a topic of conversation, and then liedea says what she would do to those who would make her jealous:- " Che farei "Loro 9 Che fa nel cupo della selva " lcopardo, slior che in subitano '"Salto, ruggendo di terribil gioia, "Precipite qua] folgore ghermiisce "LIa preda e in sno spoco la ports, e i membri " Sangninanti no squatra a brano a brano." Nothing could exceed the effect produced by thmse line; Madame Listori did not merely talk about the leopard, she became the leopard, and by her gestures signified that sht was rending an imaginary victim piccemeal. Wltlh ninety' nine a-tists out of a hundred this would have been uDLg rant; with Madame listori it was a sublime burst of rage-z the rage of a haughty spirit that would demolish a world. The late Mr. Edmund Kean once exclaimed with honest pride that the pit "rose at him." Madame Ristoei might declare with equal trnth that the sta'ls shrank from lier. Up to this point Medea is in a state of uncertanty as to the fate of Jason-knows not whether he is alive or dead. Orpheus reveals, the fact that he is still living, and the abandonment of joy with which she exclaims " 1i vive, ei vive 1" is exquisitely beautiful. The jealous broodings are forgotten-the countenance, the extended arms, ex;press the highest rapture. One doubt ia solved, and the impassioned nature has consigned all others to oLlivion. But within a few moments of this joyful revelation the suspicion that Creusa is her rival has beett forced upon her. It is almost with a shriek, as the terrible truth flashes across her mind, that she asks her, " Tu cli .sei, tn P" An entire change of character has taken place; the vindictive Medea stands before the audience; Poor little Creusa endeavours to muaintain her position as the affianced bride of Jason, but Medea smiles, " Ei! sposo ttzo 1 YVedicmo 1" and the curtain falls on one of the finest statues of scorn that can be imagined. As for the audiencslast night, they were overwhdelm-edwith admiration. We have confined ourselves to the principal " effects" of the first act, with the intention of giving on some future occasion a much more perfect description of the peculiarities of the play and the merits of the actress. At presentwe would record the fact that a great success has been achieved by an artist who for sublimity in the =x. pression of tragic emotion is probably beyond parallel. Tho whole affair is " grand"-that is the exact word.
THE COMI2FG GRAINJ CROP. TO THE EDITOI OF THE TIMIES. Sir,-On the 27th of September last I wrote you froni Grantham, on the state of the cropsin the Eastern Counties, as they then appeared, and I am glad to see that my estimate of their abandance is more than bome out by the Gaz-cd retarns of sales every -eek since (although that is far below the reality). I am now glad to tell you, that Ithe prospect for nose haTvest in this country is better even than last year, -with an increase of tillage in cereals and potatoes at least onethird. The last crop of potatoes is still very far from ex. hau!ted, and last Saturday at Portadown (a town on tha Belfast and Armagh Railway) s largo quantity of goocl quality had to be taken home agrin bythc farmer3, for want of buyers, although freely offered at 2s. per cwt. With such prospects, and the large stock of corn and potatoes on hand, I cannot see any reason why whicat is kept' above 50s. per quarter. I am, Sir, your obedient servaiit. A COM.MEICTLL TrAVELLER. Armagh, June 2.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As I observe two iUttcrs in 27te Timcs of to-day relative to the mase of Palmer; as the inferences whidin may be drawn from your columns on any subject are suro ta have weig,ht; and as the question, wEether noisoning is to be encouraged or discouraged by the execution or non-exection of the lawis, is now nt issue, I venture to trouble you with some elucidatory .suggestions on this important subject. In reference to one of the lctters alluded to, la' mne ob. serve that Palmer's life or death does not tiurn on tha chymical question involved in the death of Cook; for on the one hand, strvchnine was not discovered; on the other hand, its non-i-scovery, under the circumstances, affordedno proof that it had not been tal-en. In its scientific Point oE view Palmer's case is a medical queition-settled I imagine, most effectuaUy by tho evidence given, that the death of Cook did not beloig to any recognized disease, but did belong to a class of cases of poisoning in which strychnine was the admitted agent. Such being the scientiiie, what; I will ask, was the moral aspect of this case 1 Doubts less it was necessary to the proof of Palmer's guilt that the symptoms of Cook should bh those of n poisoned man; but the airect proof of that guilt consists in the inability of bis sagacious counsel to account for his recent purchases of strychnine, and in his own exulting conviction of his safei3 when the fraudulent postmaster put him in possessio2z of the fact that no poison had been discovered at the post mtorst, examination. For how coud this non. discovery affect his interest as connected . with tha death of Cook,except on the supposition that Poison ad been introduced? If tnere werenone to find, noiTe could bh found. Palmer's conduct in endeavouring to destroy the !ar and contents no doubt corroborates the weighty prood afforded by the obvious answer to my last question. I have the honour to bwe. Sir vorrS faithfallv. U.. mg iune .
SALES BY A-UCTION. Hjig:,s rect. St. garslebone.-The LevAe of the desirable B3usness Pro- mires, -ithh %Le Goodwill of an old-eetablished Business, Stock ia Tstde of a. China and Glass Dealer, Household Furniture and IMdtff. -N ~ FR E il ELby AUCTION, on J21tha Prenmises, A0 High-street. TO-Morrow, June S, at 12 fort1, by Order,f thieExecutrix of the late Mms Sainabiuy. thev-aluable LEASE4 'of t&l above PREMISES. held for an unexpired term of about 10 ysarr_ at a low rent; also the stock in trade, consisting of china dialier. dessert, and tea services, a Ywrety of toilet sets, ueeful assort=eaot of culinary crockry cut glasi in decanters table glas of the ;rest description. bo old furniture,and effects. The mcem"se'may be -ofeweet at any time. Particulas, with conditions of sale, and ctalogoes-may be had of Messms Combo and Wainwsight, solicitorm 9, Staple s-inn;, and at the auction offices, in Warwick-court, Gray's-inn. In Chancery.-" Wyatt v. HaslewoodY-Leasehold Estates, in WVynd hamn-street, Cumuberland-place, York-buisdings, Great and Little York-place. Bryanstone-squaro. forming a Portico, of the Estate- of the late Edlmund Watess Eisq. xR. 0. FURBER begs to notify that the SALE of 1Y thisnPROPETy istfixedtoetake pLace at the3Mart,on Taesday,-Juno 17, at 12 for 1. under the direction of the Court of Chancery. The Marylebone LeaseholdI Estates compris-Nos. 19, 12. 33. 34, and 35, W%yndharn-4treet, Bryanston-equaro; No. 4, Cumberland-placl New.-road; No. S, York-building;N0. 27, Great York-plece; and5 Litte Yok-plce. he whole ben well -lot to highly respectMab IenanCh acerd- heldt for unxirsedwersof -Varius uain,abm broueand re ss,eomilg Rsound Inetaeto Thess prmssmabvGe by eaw-of th repecintive teants,tand rrparticuonswth odtso A R0. FURtaiplnBERdig ChncrylanE;L of AesUCTLON, Bats nd tElls Spri ng-garens;doay. Jue17. aos2ckor24, broa otrdertofitd- councrtyf*hacey Wat v.IaeoohValuable PRPRYfrivenstedt Psfli. rrS)gteLcne ulchouse and Assembly-Rooms, le2oMess9Gdn, Circus-tre. EtetNew-road MesadGdington anothe Propert contiguous, th in thehsam street.anod nvsmet M .C. FURBBR NvMl SELL by AUCTIO N, atth the Mart, on Tuesday. June 17. at 12 for 1 , by order of theCo f Cout f hacery, teL a valuabePOET fWI -OrS ainvestment EcS ritiugthe Licebens ,EedrPbli-hosteeatd Arusisemblyroom, 29,h i jhettoestreetable tcnnt othser.lodw aet £20 per5 annum alsom the Leshehldfo ne dfor 50Yan unxpred temf t l ro un rent s. Thetpremiss maybehdath ar be thew, vandli astlictors otintrsed at thisesMart;a aof e advertiseyd0 city anat the auction-offices,i Wainarick-court, Gray's-inn. In Chancery.- Wyatt v. Raslewood.'-Brunswie-squsre.--S5manu Laeodnvestment. C. F1TRBER will SELL by AUCTION, at the 13J.. Mat,.onTuesday June 17. at 12 fort by urder ofe threCtour oft InChancery,-theWLaStv.HaslD odWELIN-FfhdHOUSE, andhtecISape sitat ad bin 2, EerttstrelInest.mBent.c-enae hc iltt Mespeta, ona Tusat. thne low ret 1fof 1 £35 pedrannum,handon hedtor ne,arly 30pyears freql ta fromn rent. PatiMarsmY be haewd, atd thpart;cu a&ofbthiedvaros abovet. neese nti ett saovdetsd A Reget-stme.ForvesuPtmont. nvEmet T '.C. F URBER wis istreLL t by feUCtIO, aoptith atte . rt, on Tuesday, June117. at 1Io I ne them direvtionuolth Cisourt of Chney, prvthe soubtancti,thaluRIDNCE, GROS, BEdfr-pae,o Iar isel-qar~e. estchlishment h pnemas estoare o then highaest resdec tabiity t £12 pe anum, nd hel fo the reide moft atermactiva andallfurhe paticlar otaied t te a;of r.invesment t30s Soutamptn-buldins. Cancey-lae; foMsrs.bLyon,s Barnoes and city an at he ucton ofics. arwik-curt Gay's-inn. a SmallrInvesoltm aen. ESSS. FGRBEEN andl SONwf ELL by AUCTIN a h illMr.o usa.Jn 7 t1 ot bAY, orerofte Co'st.2 frt Chancey, a REEHOL IEISUAGE orTE theIT aovtaeaPRE This esety i equl toa grund ent.Maytenviewed,f an particerlars obtained as abovre.Britsh ine Reget-oteet.For ccuptionorunvers,tmaent.mil iUR.C. URBER s instucted On ovier tomn cofsaet.Jj.tin,at he art on uesay, uno17,aut 1(nlerss priev,IoSly thesecomm 0andin cornier PRMIS'ES. 302oReeni Flt-sreet eal in orO inurncte estabishent. The plremdn ilses arowlsituae,roand Tat atli,ngith eopns miightay becnJreuitne of t or2 the mostr attUSractiv paropenroies in tinfsiable rogeaseort. Isalashlnvestment, yodro this ma b xrn ed amongo the fis-lass, wohnCtie , fousnsq prossi cano be's too highlycomeaJnded toth attentio Of thoelbul desiroseo sharingthe bendeurtsdof thidn-fshown,abeloneThrmssareteNrt no aheld Stto'bl ylaefor ani unexpired term of abut7 years, at agonretPrticulars arond condtin of s,andlet otainableonthe prmies;ants theuin Mart andea an fthe auctionrfiesr, inarwickto-court, Gram's-inn. oa No.eri, B10ekFard-rwt elwrthroand-PTanob Grocerts andbel Fitue MESSRS. GRIEE and SONARil wELL byL AUC MMUCTION, on thePemise,a above, (THaiScut ChaY,eryJune5, at1or Z(the unexpire aterm fof the valuabcelen LEASEWOfD the abov tE ItIlSUI.ToEtoerewis the srich, fixeturies, atnd utensilsto an grocer; comprOisringthoicebletck andPgrente-=as,cfees, suars, British wiognes spics, fuits recss. -e;soahrantop ooutrs, dharawcoers, mils valhtucables Pitres yEnietAaters, gaCitig,iona views monin Fffecsal. Cslagus a GBONS tepmiseis;ruandbattheEeactioners'of tce,1, - LlteU- a aslw o EL yX.CIN on the Premises, 7,0lrno Vla,Bigera,Hm unreostmieh.o THeS DAY. June1, at 12 foreci2I, themdr HOUSEHOLD FURNIT IURE; comprising caUlbedseds,gbeddig,mhogsany hesmtso of chamer ney-itures. roswwnodrorawingiroomsmite, htomn adsoeas cabinetwit glasstP hace, siofee malehoeganedestal ridbcoard,mitund effcts.rMay bevee rtemsing, atofosale. e, and catlog es a ftheacioer J,TR. LEREWLCKiN willSEL byL AUTIN At CTrONPimlicay', Tonmrrwededy ue, at 12.elok TWOelind well-built getell isESiENCEfS,ais dmiahoga-situateband beingteas,wth furndt 35Albertstree, Caden-ead, amde-tow,ne rs th aNrbethondo Railwtayd groun 11rentant£1, andpletrto resPietableo teantas, prdoducing 7 e anu. MayOeNviOeN byl pe SELon, and paticuar hady ofitio. K. P rotter Ese- solicitor.c,Baighh-streettT-oro, city;6 at Gar xawa's aind, ofRTh auctioeer STCardngOf-trat WRHamptea-ro-,ad.ote Superis or sstn Mode Fgolduo,Gand Pive anoes fabyionart, nobewer in~~ Prinsints. Ornamenets, brlates AnPlaete Itemus. &Chinack, anplass oo, ION, maheatia intheruRomens. Queaglty-court.eChacer-anes, To-sin morro, Juitng e s. ato11eforn12, anecelleint ROSEWtOtD DRAWpeiNG ROOM, StoUaITes, cvre ines rit blew striped airntabngrey. anelegant badiomng tblescope dewtal sdbard,eih dining romchachaiers coerd piniZ noonsLps n nierui te effects. MTay be viewed one dayproanmengfsl,ad cataioru-s handLio4in5 o Chancery-tne.aaoie ada h ns HWarley-o-steT.hCavesurresh-Dae-usialFrehold Fu oprntur genuine and valabe cturles byns Eminecnt Masters.lChina, Gass yandEfecs ESR. SGIBBON S as nstructe arteEdiecutedsof the Tru-lateeMis taso a.t SELLbA byOa AUtION erffn Hthe pemlsesn7. -Harlymteet. THISatuday, June 14, at 12 poreciel, thnie HoUs,anOlDgbl RFUNITUILE compriZsingcaptal bding athe vusue f altdescriptioneof reresood.bo cud,andccasnaltbtes resipey tabdettergantses atlu ablepictres,byCocego.Dener,ergh, lemrnt.t Ale-nd Doshbi- chn, aoepints, malLhogy-ingued, bookctashe, siebard,noteofdiin MalsRhfone,rre. PaIfewPounces levof pnlaesomne hooks, china nas-trhen uTenIlS, DAnd Jueffct May bevee, a nda COLCaTalOgue had ohanithe prmises, andoft E autiner 20,y old Cavemtdishstrnget. e Prgihpitrs.intcluPiganofeworte Wines,land Effets. b .3 Wue. W.AW. n w te ok LbCI y whi SifeLL bytst aUScenIon Hamptea on thePreises 2-r, Uppeir E.caueston-ptaree sbjctsverobd J imnllc, To-morrow,e at 1oBlotck-une the wl-aefUfeItURE,a ton-, sisting ofSpanishan maoanysap witb h be idsteads ithlfurniture clea beddisng Sahtany wadrb, RASchests ofh drawners marbletwopwstad and fittngs a. draing, Room; Suite, iNantoon, anf caiors loungesl work, fine dlaey Chiopey. lAsses, tWO cutlas chandeliers, by colagrel iNamnoforte SanishebyJ maogsanye d.. ainigrofunitr, cairsfu pincmtroccoy. cants, svrugs pitre.into,plaed aitb rtces,y clockar, bronres anitchen rticles,Yandtaboutin3p orenfsup.eriorlport nd shrrwns ~rR. JOHNSN will SEL, at the Ctye Aupetyiof raLRooms, 19, Trrehodnrch-shrctTomoro. Junill a 1,exc time,c ParT of the STOCKy of aufok WandeHOaMAr adte Effrets townsiig of gtomldke and siverwatche,fsioal eweyi inspisbracelvets.usbrcthos, Albromt chasesins&c Trocst,o plted goods icutierd malthn.Eiac dcinsruent, topOferafo glAssE, telecUpe,dreso case , wrting 't desks confJunas accordions, accquantit offe bue ore ty,nr.e nies crigateCnreases. at thew lots Tfirnmnery, includingt thandsomloin teEScopES daingading r0s-oom chandfelir Fand. pinthed glarshs hal laomps,ond numeRousother efcots.May bea viewe the day previou and moPafsalre, and cath alm-oguesa ati theldmoms, 0. h. ton,n-Tofes ur.rey.-Kesrary e Fo .HetreeholPoprty, let tohso P- rtable jhodo teants proucianglea rensital g of £182a 2er.2p lif ESSdRSl.an PLE s"r a-nd. wt WALLare dirneted by the FRnEHOL teTAE scp ituateo i thers village Lof . h Wal uTamea.o rewers, ontleawse, at£pr sannum; and WOthe OldMaorhit omne,rltt Ltenant aTh weUekly Frma. Mayuabe viewede pand partMicu lar hando lied, with farm-homse and buildings, now in the occupato of, Mltr. Rob-ert Simpson. Lot S. The Aspal Stonham Frm cionsisting ofv 56.-i Or. 22p. of very superior amable and pasture land, farm-house,and bujIdin-,K.in the occupation of Mlar. William Mullienier. Lot 6. The StownPland Farm, comprising 142s. 2r.. 19P. of dirsc-rate amable and fine oldI pasture land, with farm-house and bui:dings, hin the occupation Of M-Nrs. Pyrman. Possession of th above estates cani be had at tichaelms next, with the ecce tion of lot I, which is under lease that expires at Il iebs elmas, 1819. 'artlcaulaxs and conditions of sale, with plans of the several estates, are in preparation, and will be ready for distribution three weeks pri or to the sale. Applications to bee made to MNr. Spurhng, Shotley,near lpswich,and t Messrs. Capron. Brabant, Capron, and Dalton. Savile-placo, New Burlhington-street, London. Long Burkby, ~Northamptonsbire.-Oldgesiblished Freehold Inn, D)wellinig-houses, amid Premuise&-By W. J. PEIRCE, on Tues-day, June 17. at the Peacock Inn, at Long Buckby, at S in the afterneon, tand -in the following loin :-Lot 1, ALL that old-estaiblished Freehold Inn, knowam 'as Athe Peacock, containing two cellars, tap roomi, kitchen, commcdiona bar, large dining room, bagatelle room, five bed rooms, and two at-irs, with the lar-' gwiden, spacious yard, wash-house. brewuhouss-, stabling, howling a oy, pigst'ies, and outbuildings thereto belonginy, numb t Log Buthy, thecouny 'f orthampton, and in the occupration of Mtr. T. Eden, at the rent of £19 Its, Per annumim also a I thtstone-built Messuage, with front shop, tailors'workshop. sitntn room, three bed rooms, and attic, in the Occupation of Mr. Jo n GurneY, at the rent Of £32 per annum, The whole of the above promisesS adjoin and faruna comPact propesty, eligibly situate at the earner of. aod having, a considerable frontageeW tO he Etreet of Long Iluckby afcrEsaid. Lot 2. All that stone-built and slated Messunge facing thie Market-square in Long Buckby, containingfrontahop, parlour, kithelue, wash-house., and twro bed mooms. now' hi the occupation of Mr. WVlilia n Y(,I+, at the cent of £7; also oil that stone-liuilt Alessizage adjoin~ino,' w,lth,ront shop,P 1arlaur, kitchen, pantry, two bed rooms,- two attics. yTard. dcO nowr in the Occupation of Mr. Benjamin Stanton, at the real o~r;£5. Lot 3. All those Two Msugs with the groccers chop Sand. cthe apurteancs. pituate at Long Buiekby aforesaid, now in the orcsptio o Mr Wllisi Jeem, a te rntof £7. N.E. The wail ~isklngloI 2an li bis tratd s apatywall. To view the pro- IIIIESSRS.RU H WORTH and andV19 bhneg o i nounleld4thaet tAeniheAEo h Ahr andmmost i eot nt FO with the extra flour of beu=oom; held for 60 yer,aa un rent, witht possession. MESSRS. RUSHWORTHERadJARVIES WiJSELL by AUCTION, at the Xart,To-morrow,June 6, atfl2ugnlew Dreijorlyisose o bypnvtotrety, aerdesimable TI H OLD RESIENC,13 ?dasfild-tree, nar avedish-square end Port- tion rooas, suthbe fhor in perfnetmarepar for inymdaeocuain buies:held for 60 years, at a ground rentof40pranm Mybriw d biy, AndpaTIculNha at the Mart, andorw,JneG at 12 the o ccs f me-rs usirabyorthuand No.vi, UPeil-row Rayegoen-street, an f9, Change-o UpperMarylboueetree-LeaeholdResiene wigth workshops in cue ear,suitble or acabietmaer dr ay liowght mnfactrngoos num, with possession. loo o th Avrk by AUCION, t teMart,To-m arow, cuner h,at 12. the m pact LEASEHIJ) BUSINES PREMISES end sreSIeNC, ade-9 Nirbl siut,2 o , Upper Maryulebot~Fotm ne-squree.- api Few mooslro 67oyeand-staroet.dThen houeto conLeniently Airrangredn forufmlyur, barna privaesentrgandesial cainetalm pexten. gtewoedph tw Sflo RS.edlf,as adblw withO T adr sAtowage f regos from whicarested,yhsunor -orkmngTtoeascntofec lo fthe work-gSetlann shops. Mayte viehtedn Ldaiy, EAndpinted particulars hadO at. the Mfart; Tofmesrso. Junadyh and Son, thecaitals 1, Staple-nn aONdo REIEC,fo,nbysitae o 62, Upper Seymour-streetcota-qae-5ptlFml tesi 67hi yer,atafoundorso Premnt;qulet.o Leasne toMr. Serfeant Goumbrn and g,resentlag a desirable lghinvloftment, IIA]tSSRS. RUSHWORTH and chAmbers and withn for dom o Pormas-squre. lan edwf d wthe perfectsacom- drSsing Mrooms,nwith water-closetsj onveahmfloo, ecellnst domestwIc offivtReinces,adsbln inL Berkeley-ews, Mayemviewed wit permission of tEStenant anrintedWpRTic Hr obained JAtRthe art;o di-3 JenIg, reat., soicithMor, Mitee cundrt-buPodings,fTemple SEnd of Messrs . ashoth an Jarvis Tavimor-ow. Rt1 noegent-streepat, and19 Sate yearly eboun en-cptal X$ Leseoldrinvste,costing onecletfaTw,l re at1tsdence s o en1asnssPemss,Weymouth-street, ttecmro ipl-tet YlotoreasetodbetherGorgge,eFsq unde a Pow ert of Sal0 ert SELL bya vmalaler PrOeRTYnc, aedjonn by originAl Weasmfomuthe-stuket of porentratec yaly rud rentb sofd£18 possscoprsiong and excellentpfamilys No.1 B, Weymoutls-stret,,with back entrance in Clark's-mews, let on lease for the whole term at £50 per annum, and occupied by Meszms Devie ed C., odawate maufaturrs.The residence in band may e vewe at ny imeprevousto he ale nd the remainder by misson f th teants an pritedpariclars may be obtained of Isle of Wsight.-TheI Marine Villa of a Noblenman, situate at West Cower, suited to a. Member of the Royal Yacht Squadiron, or an the occasional Residence of a Family of rank or fortune. MESSRS. RUSHIWORTH andI JARVIS are hoenoured vwith instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at thel%Mart, To-morrow, 6th, at 12. a very delightful FREEOLD RESID)ENCE, knsoam as- Grantham-house, situate near Trinity Church, at the wvestern extremity of the town, adjoining the public promenade, and within three minutes' walk of the Royal Yacht Squad-ron Club-house, with grounds abuttini upon the shore, end commanding an uninterrupteclde of the So ent and tire varied and beautiful scenery adjarent. The maunson is mn the villa style, and was built by the present noble owsner in a good end substantial manner ; it combiner every accommaodationufor alarge establishment, but beta5-planned on a maoderate scale is suited either to the family of a nobleman or a private gerstiean.Maybe iewd b aplictio toMr.Moore, house agent, West ower of hom in tdp~i maybe bad, and which may ampto: an in ondo, ofMessr. Niholl Smyh. ed Emett, soRushort andJaris, avie-sw, egen-steet; and 9 Change- No. r2,4, ueen-squasre, Bloomsbuxry-The well-manufactured Furni- tue Fv Pianofortes by eminent makters, Linen, China, Gla&s, anid numerotus Effects throughout the spacious promises, MESSRS. RUSH WORTH and JARVIS will SELL i by AUCTION, on the Premises, on Friday. June 13. the FURNITURtE end APPOINTMENTS of a first-class SEMINARY for young- ladies, including 25 four-post and French bedsteads, with superiorfeatber beds and bedding, 10 capital mahoganY Chests Of dawars', wasbstands, dressing tables, end other bed chamberapeags dining tables and chairs. Turkey and Erussels carpets, a handsime Indian table in lac japan, Oriental and ether porcelain, clocksm and ornaments, an or-mouln chandelier, and other fittings of the ball roam, mahogany tables and forms in the school-room. The mnusical instruments comprise grand and cabinet pianofortes by Eroadwood, grand cotageandsqure ianfores y Rrkmn,and a guitar; the table worh ad Jrvi, Svile-rw, eget-sree,and 19, Change-alley, Extensive Bauider's Stocks, Portpool-lane.-Alteration of Days of Sale. iIAESSRS. EVERSFIELD and( HORNE TespectTY fully intimaate that, in consequence of the great numbe.- of lots, they bave found it necessary to POSTPONE this SALE from the 10th and I1th to the I5th, 19th, anid 20th.-40, Parliament-street. Valuable new Materials, to be removed from the Green and Hyde ESSRS.pa~~~prks, ESR.EVERSPIELD andl HORNE beg to iLL announce that they wil SELL by AUCTION, en Monday, June 9, at 10 for U1 precisely, the valuable NEW MATERIALS of the termpoary buildings erected in these parks, in counexion with the l,ate display of fireworks. The sale will be heldI in a convenient part of Patrk-lane. anLdthe materials ma,ybe previously viewed, Catalogues to be had of the auctioneers. 40, Parllament-sireet. Primcrose-hill and Victoria-park.-Valuable New Mraterials. iUFSSRS. EVERSFIELD and HORNE wl iLSELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, Primrose-hill, at 11, and Victoria-park, Bethaal-green. at 1 for 2. on Tuesday, June 10, the MATEitIAIAS and FIITTIGS of the temporary erections used'in connexion wvith tIre late displays of fireworks; comprising a large quantity of excellent 1-inch hoarding. numerous principals, rafters quartering, whole timber uprghts, doors, sashes, posts and. rails, and othe usfulmateial,My be viewed, and catalogues had onL the premises, and of the auctioneers. 40, Parliament-street, Westminster. Portpool-lane.-Valuable Builder's Stock of Seasoned Timber. Plant, Implements, and Effects, on the premises of the late Messrs. Locke andi Nerham. M ESSRS. EVEIRSFIELD and HORNE are ins- structed by the Executers to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, Portpool-lane, Gmy's-inm lane, on June the 18th. 11th, and 20th, the FIRST PORTION of the valuable STOCK and EFFECTS, which will comprise alarge quantity of well-reasoned yellow and whxite deals and battens, prepared floor beards anid battens, pine plank, matched boarding and skirting, die-square, timber anid qjuartering, oakcllr, dry wainscot,.endmahogany; stone steps, slabs. andpavng;als seera bulde's art, sonetrucks, and timber carriage; scffoldbears, poes ed putogs, crabegines, hoisting jackcs, blocstend flS,rey ladders, ofhFeehlngLanks,tharrows pile-dfrivingangine andmokes,anew traeAllgerane,t sawitaryEckle,ptecntenso. h nmeru theMrt effTes.dat,Jualge 0at1,ilos williv bererenth 3tie wOr wllp ocapptlyt theD stautioees 49, Crokbry~, inthe prishof Elrtead, closey1 acetforeol ad threeaimiles from Farnhr oamn Te. hrpry fesamanydvathe AlesottiiayEnapet propety ofemmny avantges asean investment, being eligibly situat soc the erection of villa residences, end cmading extensv iw picturdesque thepeortarow hn-. ib and oapo ak.the locainty isavryo and others."-In pursuance of a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, with the approbation of the Vsce-Chancellor tir John Stuart. Thu R. ARMAD ,E M4TTHEWS, the person A11appointed by the raid Judge, wil SELL, at the Maort, on Taesday, June 10 at 12 in onec lot. a valuable FREEHOLD detached ofdershoex,cls toinngthe Lea-bigera, amnedntear opsth e ral ayestai Partisrarks and conithionsa ofev saldedmayrbe ofHad(r atis) ovf Mr. -13 acresof very v-aluable Freehold Bluilding Land, in plots. 1LR. MARMADUKjE] MATTHEWS wvill submit to JIIUCTION, at the Mart, London, onx TuesdMay. Juno 10, abOutl3 acres of exceedingly choice and valuable FREER DBULDN LAND, in handsome plots, in a moot camn iuto,avr short dartance from Her Mtajesty'sPavilion, and adjoining the permanent barrackgeround, commending views of the lovely sceneryaround Famnham and the ramp as far as the eYe wil reach, and is perihaps the onlyavalabe lnd f a ikechaactr otaiable by the public, pro- Important Drawings by Tumner, also a unique Collection of Engrav- ings from bin WVorks, and some very choice English Pictures and Drawings the property of John Dillon, Fsq,, removing from his residence at Zroydon.-Noe-onView. 1JESSRS. FOSTER and SON have received instracL7£tions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Gallery, 54, Pall-mall, on Saturday, June the 7th, end Mlonday, June tho 9th, at 1Io'clock precisely, DRAWINGS by Turner, comprising some of his most coveted and precious productiooss, including-The Junction of tho Greta and Tees, enigraved in the Yorkshire; the Pyramids, end Nazareth, engraved in Fiaiden's Bi1ble Illustrations; Old LondonbridIgo, engraved by Geodali; Florence. engraved in HEakewell's Italy; Plynouth, with Effect of a, Rainbow. engraved by Lupton ; aSmuour endl eanter, each engraved in Turner's Rivera ; 7Liawest on the conway, from Sir John Pilhsingtn' Collection; tbe Hospice of S1 Biernard, with Pencil Sketchies by Lsdseer and Stedhart, The engrav. legs arein matchile-sscondition, and includle,it is beheved a complete rail eton f te wrksof tis rea arist inthe very earliest states c.f tPqulties,.&c,arketofJewrivlsed beauty. Alof e Tabl few fabu i,ESSRS. FOSTER andI SONewrill, by direction of LVIthe Trustees of alady, SELT,by AUCTION, Tat the GalleryX5, Pall-mall, on Thursday, Jimne 12, at 1 precisely, a SERVICE of aot 4.000 ounces of SILVER PLATE, mairuifactured by Messrs Stos-r and Mdortimer, including two Louis XIV. soup tilmesean d four ssuce boats, a venison. dish and six other table dishes, three dozen plates, two gets each of four estrle dishes casters, tea end coffee service, centre branch, teakettle, and a gi - ssri service of eperngr and. plateau, rosewater dish and ewer, knives forks, ice spoons, grape scissors, org glasses, antique ornameats for the table, suppe trag. be, ; alt in ye y nice condition, Alto, the samneproperty, a caset of brilliant diamond ornament-i, including bracelets and brooches ret with brillisints and gearls of exti-aordinary size and beauty, mnostiy purchased of Mde~rs. ~torr antlMortimer. On view two days prior, and catalogues ha.1 of Mlessrs. Foster and.Sen. 54, Pal-mali. In Bankniptcy.-Two eleguant Briliant Brooches, costly Diamnond Snuffbox, 110 Cold Watches, and miscellaneous Jewellery. boeing the remainin prtio of the valuable stock of Mlessrs. Cohen and Lublirier,o 17, Hntton-garden. ~OPLIS, SON, and HARDING wil SELL by T AUCTION, at tuelir Roomsr, 16, St. Paul's churchyard, on Wednesday, June11. and follossing days, allI punctually, byoerderof the Assignees, JEWELLERY, consisting of two elegant brilliant brooches, a costly dramond snuff box, armiets. brooches, and fingerrings, rot with stones, studIs, gold guard and Albert chains, 11 gold and silver watches 50 carats fime brilliants, 475 carats precious stun Cs, and nucmerous valual itdemrn Maynbue,viwe, aplndi Cattalgues hiadnofot .y HAaConan, Ensqn. o evecialassigne , 18.Aleranbuy;gass ofa Mess an ylo,Clrn and Wodwar, 25,GreatJamesstree ,%aeifod-ow of Platedrs Hod"so and Alen. s lcors oirmingham; ofelanmr tBond Articles aud numerous useful e,raAna misclais 1jESSRS. OXENHA31 and SONS wvill SELL by ML AUCTION, at their Rooms, 35, Oxford-street, near the Panitheon. To-morrow, at It for 12 punctually, the capital modemn FIR2NITrUIE ; comprising Akrabian. four-post, and other bedsIteads, with hangings and beddinig complete, winged and plain wardrobes' drawrs,wasatans, resing abls, asrs, Re.; walnut-tree, rosewoo, ad mhogny hals, ofa, cuchs,and masy chairs tables of evey in, abnes,comoes scctarc, hine ad ie gases Whitefriars-street.-To MUedical GlassgWarehousemeni, Glass Dealers, Chymiste and Druggists, Fixture Brokers, and otberm For absolut ansd unreserved Sale th,oproprito relinquishing the business. 1~It. PETER BRAD Will SELL byN~kC`0, LLL onthe Premises, THIS DAY, June 8, at32 for 1,the remainin' iBTOGK in TiIADE and EIFECTS cosa-r.dsing a quantity stoppere utore bottles, rttsand receitrers glas funnels, rauated measures, mortars and petes, about 100 gross of bottles of all rinds, cut dccanters, waterjugs, claret diltto, chasmpagne, bock, and other glasses. esyrnical, mnedical, and experimental glasses, brass moulds, cullet, A;,; the fixtures comDrise nests of pigeou-holes,and shelving. mahogy-o show countess,gas-fittings, office f-raituwe, Males,weightP, a%nd vaiou effects. on view day prior. Catalogues OnL the Premises; and of the auctioneer, 28. Ponltry. No. 33, Nelson-terrac, Stoke Nev6iugtOn-road.79Sopeiior Hou-sehold Furniture, 60-octavre Pianoforte, Mail Phaeton Giray Nag, set of Harness, and EffectLs-Ahsolute and unreaerved Ue b m&o the Executors of Mr. John Pringle, deceased. ebydrcolo PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION sn. hePeises on Monday, June 9, at 12, the genuine HOUSF~ MIOLD FURNITURE, comprising- mahogany and other bedsteads, clean bedding, linen, wardrobes, chests of drawers, and other bed room requisites, Brussels carpets, rugs, brilliant plate cbimney-glAs nmabogany cheffonier, rosewood loa chess, and other tables, rosowood 61octave cottage pianoforte, ty MVoore, chairs, couches, mahogany dinitig tables, o i pitings, prinlts and drawings, gloss, plated goods, china, handsome=tmpo,. the usual kitchen furnitu're, mail Phaeton, gray nag, set ofplated harness, riding saddle, bridle, c.t' On view Saturday prior. Cataloguesonuthe.premises, andof the auctioneer, 28.Pouitry. Latymner-road, Bayswater.-Two Leashold Hue,prdcn 385.s ITL t te Mrt, n Mnda' Jue36 at12, TOwelbitdFrmoom -ed aOU Warwics-road, Charlonttetrac,Lt. e-oa,Nt inEtnats tarticulars andscondtions Ottu Mat; ro teac ~JR. PETER BIROAD Will SEL LbY AUCTION ATl at the -dart, on June 16. at 12, TWO well-built genteel RtERO DENCE.S Nos., land 2, Formosa-terrace, Warwickrodws,cset st. saviour' Church, Paddington, de- i -ul -rouade west, dose to extensive view of.a beautifulconr ,edoWya drcm rmanineo ishop of London, at a lowground rent, and will readily realise rentals of £65P pe anmec. May be viewed. Particulars and conditions at the Mart,or of Itaheauctioneer.'2S. Poultry. Bernaard-street, Itusell-square.-Eligible Commnercial Property for ln- vestment or Occupation.-TO Bakers and others hIR. PETER BROAD wil SELL by AUCTION, JP at the MJart, on Monday, June 16, at 12 for 1. by direction of the Proprietor, without reserve, the valuable GROUND LEASE of these commanding BUSINESS PRE-MISES, vith Dwelling-hour0, being No. 25. Bernard-street, Russell-square, at prnsent on hand, but of the value of £120 per annum. May be viewed. Particulars and conditions of sale on the premises ; at the Auctioht Mart; of Jas. Jolnstsone, Fasq., 57, Chancery-lone; and at the auctioneer's offices. 28, Ploultry. .Freehlold Groundt Rents, amounting to.£130 per annum, well secured. -A Leasehold Estate proeducing £218 8s. per annum. 1VIi . PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION at the Mart, on Mionday. June 16. at 12. F3tEEHOL1 GROUND REN%TS, amounting to£330 per annum, amply seceurdon eligible property stuate at Westbosune-grove west; also, in two lots,a productive Leasehold Estate of 12 houses, at North-end, near Horn. mersmith-gate, held for 99 yerars at very low ground rents, producing rentals amounting to £318 Ss. per annum. Pruticulars andI conditions of sale may be had of Messrs. May and Swveetiand, 14, Queen-square, Bloomsbury; at the Royal Oak, W,estbourne-grove; at the Mart; or of the auctioneer, 28, Poultry. hiarrowv-road, Paddingin, near tho Lock Hospital.-Long Leaseholds, valuso le invesftment. with occupation. ~jR. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, AL at the Mart, on Monday, June 36, at 12 for 1, in two lots, with. out reserve. TWO substantially and newly-erected eight-roomed DWELLING-HOUSES, being 9anadll, Woodeield-plaee Harrow-road, raddington, within three dooms of the main road, and 10 minutes' walk of the Kilburn Rtailwvay Station: heldunader separate leases for termi of 99 years from Mlivhaelmas, 1851, at the low ground rent of £4 lOs. per annum each, and will readily reaise £30 per annum each. May be viewed, Particulars and conditions of sale on the premises; at the Mtart; and at the auctioneer's offices, 28. Ploultry. Westbourme-park and malda-hill.-First-class Leaseholds. for Invest- ment and occsption,-unr"rved Sale. It. PETER BROAD willU SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Monday. June 16, at 12, a first-rate fashionable RESIDETCE, situate No. 4, WVestbourne-park, consising of 35 roamos, and suitable ofrices; let on lease for?7. 14, or 21 years, at £00pe annum, held for 07 yars. at a ground rent of £15 per annuim: Two. well-built superior Reidence, Nos. 1 and 4, Alexander-street, Westbourne-park, No. 1, let on an agreement for three years, at a rental of 460per annum ; No. 4. let on agreement for three years at £55 per annum, held for 97 Sears at ground rents of £9 per annium each. The tenants are of the Jant respectability. A three-stall stable. double coach-house, loft, and twvo living rooms. No. 4. Alexanderme~ws, Westboeumne-park, and a simnilar Tenement, No. 5 Alexander-mews, will readily let, at a rental of £27 each, that is £5a per annum, held for 97 years, ata ground rent of £3each per annum; T'wso elegant semi-detached Villa Residences, delightfully situate, Nos. 10 andL 20, Lanark Wsllas, Maida-hill, containing each 11 rooms, with miitable offices, fore-courts-, and gardens, highl eligible as investments or for occupation, held from the Bishop of London for a long term, at the lowv ground rent of X5 per annum each house, and are of the estimated value of £55 per annum. 'May be viewed by application on the premises, and wvith permission of the respective tenants. Par. ticuilars and conditions of 2tfr. Thru p. solicitor. 2, Winchester-buildings 'tyof Mrr. Fraser. solicitor, eFuirni'val's-ionn; at the Mlart; a't e iaokweatbourne-grove; or of the auctioneer, 28, Poultry. Masglebone, Stoke Newvington, and Liv eel -road, sliWgtons. E SRS., DENT aind SON SELL by AUC- M TO,at Garraway's, on Wednesday, June 15, at 12, in three lots. No, 32, PARK-STREET, Dorset-square, let at £40 per annum, heldI at a peppercorn for 45 years; No. 4, Howard-street Howard road Stoke Newington, held for 9553 years fromMidsuniner, M,6 at agrouna rent of £5 10s., and let at N26 per annum ; Nos, 11 an d 20, Itichardstreet, Liverpool-road, Islington, let at renits amounting to £C48 per ann-am, NXo.l11held for141 yearsat £3 No. 20 held for 15tyears ata£ p3r annum. Particulars ancd conditions of sale to be had of J. B3. Sootb,Esq., solicitor, 51, Tavistoclk-square; and Dent and Son, 36 Southampton-buildings, Chancery-lane, and Camden-town. Caraden-town-Valuable Premiises, formaerly the Board-room of the Commissioners of Paving for the Clamden Estato. 1lF SSRS. DENT and SON have received instrucIT tions from the Vestry of the Parish of St. acrasa, in whom the above uroperty has become vested under the Metropolitan Local Manag6mnot Act, to offer for SALE by AUCTION, onlWednesday, June II, all those substanxtially erected and valuable PREMIS3S,with the spacious Yard and Appurtenances, situate No. 10, on the north side of Pratt-street, to which there in a frontage of 52 feet 0 by a depth of 150 feet; held under the Marquis Camden and Prebend of Cantlowes for a term of whic-h 31 years wfi be unexpired at Michaelmas, 3I56, at a ground rent of £10pe annaum. Farther particulars and conditions of sale, with plans, toWbe ad on the premises; at the place of sale ; at the office of the Vestry Clerk, Vestry-hall, St. Pancras Old-road , m,d of Messrs. Dent and Son, surveyors 36, Southampton-buildings, ChllceryInne and38, ighstreeb, Camiden-os. Vaub= and important Estates, St. Pancras, by order of the Vestry of the pariah of St. Pancras. MESSRS. DENT and SON have received instr-uc- tions to offer for SALE, by AUCTION, on Wednesday. June 11, the very valuable and extensive LEASEHOLD P,REMISES situate 10, Edward-street,Hap stead-road, St. Pancras, heretofore the beDard roomn, oflices, stone yafr and remilses of the Southmpton Paving Commssiner, ne trnsfrre to the vestry under the Metropolis Local Managemient Act, held under Lord Southmpton for a term of which 65 years wfi be unexjnired at Mchebaelms next, at a ground rent of £29 2so.; also a Leasehol House and Premises, No. 7, on the south side of Charles-street east, orsginaly erected forthe said Commissssone held likewise under the Southampton estate sor a term of which 51 years wil be unexpired at Mchaelmas 1856, at a ground renit of £3 lOs. per annum: the latter underlease for a term of 21 years from Mlidsummer, 1819, at £_50 per annum, the undcr-lessee having substantiallyrepaired and improved the property. Plarticulars and coniditions of sale. with plans, to behbad on the premises; at the place of sale; at the Vestry Clerk'seffise, Old st. raneras, where the leases may beseen; and of Messr. Dent and Soni, surveyors 36, Southampton-buildings, Chancery-lane. aud3S. High-street, Camden-town. The valuable and important Flreehold Manor of Newington, BaIrro w otherwisr'Highbury, in the pariah of St. Mary, Isligion, in the county of Middilex, SSRS. DENT and SON have received instrucW iounso offer forSAEby AUTO, at Gmaga on Wednesdlay. 18thl June next, the above meet valuable an improv' MA4NOR, heretofore parcel of the possessions of the Crown, wBith the customary advantage arising from courts baron, c-unrtleet, courts of survey, fdaes at the wl of the lord, on death o~r aliunation. quilt rents, royalties, and all rights, members, profits, emolumnents, and appurtenances t-hereto belonging. By 9 asurvey made by order of Henry Prince of Wales (the eldest sion of King James' L) in 1O11, the mnanor wa-s found toconxtain nearly1,80 0acres.,of which lila. r. Op. were freehold, 407a. Or. 4p. dememne lands, and 414a 3r. 14p. were copyheld of inheritance. By the custom of the manor t'wo years' improvedz rent in payable to the lord on death or alienation, The quit rents payable at this timae amounit to £3 18s. 10d. per annum, extending over very valuable property estimated at up~wards of £1,300 per annum, exclusive of thoereinabeyvance. The emoluments to beexpected to arise from lands 2nd appurtenaneso.from which the quitrents8and customaryflues and payments have been omitted to be enforced, or are in abeyance, are very cons-iderable ; and the whole forms an important invesiment in every respect worthy the attention of gentlemen of the legal profession -or the capitalist. Particularsand conditions of sole, with aplan of the manor, are in progress and wil shortly be ready at the place of sale; the Angel Tavern.and the BlueCoDatBoy atlIsliagton- the Gat,e-house, Highgate ; the Archway Tavern, Uppeer Holloway; the Compasses at Horasey ; the Plough, Horasey-road, at the offices of B. W. Powys, raq solicitor. 38 Iussell-square ; and of Messr. Dent and Son, 38, Szout(amptonbildings, Chancery-lane, and Camlden-town. Highiy respectable Tavemn and Wine and Spirit Establishment, near -W ~ ~~~~~~Piccadilly. ,SR .BELTON aye instructed to SELL by AUrON, at Garraway's, oh Tuesday, June 17, ait 12, the valuable LEASE (with possession) for a term of 45 years, at the very low rental of £70 per annuma, of those commanding PREMISES, ellstin.guished as the Crown Tavern, eligibly situate and being Nos. 57 and 55, Rtupert-street, stfew paces9 from that immense thoroughfare Coventry-strect, Haymsarket. The property, which in of noble elevation), was rebuilt afew years since, in a most substantial manner, at a considerable outlay, is very extensive, and occupies a remarkably conspicuous and attractive frontage. The intemnal arrangements are' all that canbo desired, both for business and domestic comfort, and under the direction of an enkterprising principal cannot fail a first-class trade, which its position fully oustifies Mlay be viewed, and prin lars obtained at th premuses ; at Garraway's,; of F. W. Flaveli, Esq., coIiestor, 21, Bedfordrow; and of the auctioneers, 46, Hatton-garden. Comnuerciml Taverniind.3Wio Vaults. hX SR .BELTON are instruictedby the Executors itof the late Mr. Johni Christoffers to SELL by AUCTION ., at Gamraway's on Tuesday, Junoe 17, at 12, the valuable LEA&SE and GOODWIX L. for 30 yuars. direct from the freeholder, of those wellknown PREMISES the Robin Hood, conspicuously situate in the best part of that leading thoroughfare High Holborn, and which will form the soomer of the intended new street porposed to be made hy the Metropolitan Board of Works, from Holboma to the Strand. This property has recently had expended upon it a considerable sum in judicious alterations and decorative repairs Is most conveniently arrnge orthe conduce-t, of anetenie lte rtdehurving, 20 q bedhmbvers andal the Requiremcent necesohlasarylor aotberingallhouse, th wlla wne n SSpRit HERRaImNG. MaybeSO view dred by cad ru the oe A~nes an paeutrsticuELar btained IOat Garrawthe SlRor m-P21. Fladl Fa.Boidsrcito, 21, Buesdfod-ow and of ithe auc2,tioegers,i46 FulatteHousehold FurniTur, 50or.afpain bdto. e0aolms an f books,g iPlint-e froml thsembRaesioenc.aTmbe-hir salenotue beinge allwd othereinadrbe, marble wvashstands, &e., sets of rosewood and mnahogany chairs and FreehodFml Reiene wihOces. Garden,Plaor roas E and Lan d, at Gol9devr's-hgroeefnenGdoICIOI Midieesex M E HS. ERRP.ING and SON are favouredl wit T instructions to offer for SALE by AUCT10N. at the lart, on Thursday, Jane 28, at 12, (uunless an acceptable offer is previously made,) avaluable and most desirable FRItEIIOLl. ESTATE, lanl-tax redeemed and tithe commuted, comprising an excellent family rea'dence, uponi a compact scale, perfectly detacbed, with atablin otices, beautifil laws, garden, pleasure eround, paddock, orch : andmeadow, altogetherabout-71 acres, delightfulY situateat Goder'sgreen. Hendon, little more tbhoanile from Halapsteadheath about six miles fron the city, and very accessible from the wNest-cu of the toenn. The estate has an excelent frontage toG aldtr's.gfenand a very extusive one toan parish road leading into the Pinebley-new-road, whieh greatlyoenhances its value orforbeilagpurpes, thus presenting furong claims to stueattntionsf purchasers, oaeitger for occupation or invesightme Dievscriptive particnularsith auplan of the rou rtya may bI obtained atom the JakoStraw's Castne, oramptentad 0. tarkinsond Esrveontthehhr, Southwood-bano, Hteiggats; of Messrs. Ihshai, Upton, Co. soiciars 27 Autinfrirs;at he art an ofMessrs. Herring andece Sos, 10,Fleet-street, bywhoviewing orr wil alone Halstead, between rox e n eeoks et-yM. BAXTEIOI, at the au on M on Thurs June, at 12, on fourlote. VTALUABLE Freieholdl Estates ; compiis'ng a capital arnd valuable tarnm, carled Stone-houm ilarm, situate adoiningthe teunpike road, consisting of Dabout 127 acres of excellent land, withnbouse and buildings, possesing admirable sites for the erection of onei or more good residences, being one of the most beautjful and healthy situations in tholdngdom, commaniing extensive and deibghtful views of the Se undulatedf country around, and well screened from the oiorth by Sfu ornamental fir tremes andmay be readily converted into beautiful P ark-like grounds, having a pcretty drie fom he ighroad through the winding valley up to the huse. AlsV.<1 apitee oq valuab building land of about 16 acre-, ituate at a shor ditane frm teasove; anothier piece of land, with a hage barn therebon,and sevral tenclosures of valuable building land, situate _. V. C. Pike Re.. ..litr .eliet Lic.'sia Lodn .i..s in he eihborhod;at heplse f sle;r.d o te actiner, c. ~~Omlvy, Kent. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ar NU'aearndlci-pAr I,odellen preeholdResidence. for orcupation. MR.II MOORE will SELL by AUCTION,, at the Il M 3art. on Thmscr.dy Jime IZ in 12,e ants FOURmme 11erooCed wiHOSS foecuth gardeus n,S Annd dzomadi fi, 7, Chel-rarle. tBso'-od ea 1.Term 96 years. aGa roundrentfr io at a£e5mn ln h os, Paldrtic 56dec. aulars o .H atr a, olicitor, orrwicatone,sr. own B1.and CMorrisbt a lcitors. ,oorgte-breeoym; r at the Martt andoneerse oucticnes. o; and atl the aot- ilslingtoa- xclen Fehold Reta denorIue,sfrmoeuptie 1% I. MOORE wil SELL by AUCTION, at the MI'Mart. on Thursday, June l2% atIZa ninehrooed aprobtEiioffL go. 2andap1r, nepatMil-tendroade TindeStegnqre, Islngtcn. lust pat in7 perfect rpairg tanfe.Optyhacan ofr dhesirous of h 1,rbesnd ofoIs ocupation, MesstscuHudsonfMdssra. ''soliGray. 1oicTokenHhouerlhamrderS. Thorndo-e,e atq. mitorhe7 Martandr-tt at the auctine' ondftices Mile-end-mad. e, IB-ndrod Grepeywc.-A easeholds,at padcngd20 e annAsoumeRieso, for inIsmnt-n oveuptiont. M R. MOORE wil SELL by AUCTION at the andat the aucine er's-offien, Milehond-rand.Ishl sae,po duigC eanmforIinvestment. MR. MOORE will SELL by AUCTION, at the .LJMart, on Thursday, Jvne12, at 12, in two lots, Fby ode cofthe race,Old Frd-mod~l at £0 to 21dech;termge0 yeas: 2 ground terrae - anualvalueabout£40 Term 87 years , ground rn 5 the art; ad a th autioner' ofice, Mle-nd-rad.heacto IeenenKngt.n-Acompc yh eold F-sale, for nv siig 3estmnt ~iR. MOORE wifi SELL by AUCTION, at the 11. Mart. on Thursday, June 12, at 12, withon ltheaprbao ofRN Nor. 1 ade13igohtaym-terate, twmibles romtonqae, vsiuagton. leenett1, tenan pa.n taxs. Copyhold of i the mcuanor n of the Preend o r imlegen,s ato anecrtaicn oflI.".alnd a' nomusnalmquiteren. Parttculars, ofiesrs HIudson aond Friancisq. solicitors, 10, Toenchousehyard; S.d T alorne,B, solicitor, 1.Bra nery-strelHet or; attthe har and3, at the auc;tioneer's offices.Mile-end-read, R. OB OORE will SELL bye AUCtedoN atL bye Ma, AUTOn ,a leMt Thursday. ,June 12.a1.intols, at REE sutaxroomeduil HOYUS,Nor.2,22D n 23.ECE Asiburaam-mNoa 61Od,Greentch rptafead, let at£9n7, tenansao payn trm ts Term2 1 years;tteli gretound- soictrs 10,um FaTiolnhoumeyard;ha at the M lart; and at theautioeer' tioer?offices,,M2l-end-oad. esre, iy Hakeyad e!al-geen--oyos n eshold Estates, Nwproth-oad RB.EORES ainl REBL i AUCTION aUTIthe LVL art, thon OFThursday. uei, atn 12, astw iota, geOte R CEEOPREOLDEHOUE, hrCaeenwith-Sostre, New.Noth-o4 alae-lae,Well-, Thole;hr,a quit-owrent Is, per annum,Andr Houses,owithtworkshop, Y5lePd,aagrudrent of5510. Particulars ofMsr.Wsmact n .~Bak e, halcd tom, S. John. s. 2,x e ra-street, efrdrw at the Mart; and at thberautso neeR'bs ofices,Mi4e-enD-rgatesre, iy in easrn ence, wiHou comdortable Farmu-house inShoe ficteothe OB1 RTSRanMOORE Ywill SELL by AUCTION,a h IlLUatth Mart, on Thursday. June1i2, ati,n onelo, FOUR w buRHt HAILwelightf, ullyasituate, tworedities Lomthe vlage of Bhenvlenden seve mies frmmtoe Held.or an term of th ear frouLad-dayI aihty comresngal Partaculres ofigoy xble, ha meadow, Hand, te. remaindr hops, woorgAc,ase theet;a thoe Mrteinda the Ouccptionerof the vedo implment to e taen a vJutine in athe2 usOa mannerl Par ticlar, wth la, o TbrrHuMl n P-sq. solticior.e4,ranchu frch. builings Lonon;rai thean Bllon, gaxeden; interaracents Head, Asisord OldFalcn. rolav.n(rod.;Braiwytote, letandre of thevau Marta: t th nulionspropetyiscns, ie-Aralunea ltcat.ol re~:. lmit:,PWod-s teeta gpitalSd iequleowegoud rent.l edb W)ORERTS and ROI3Y arerinstratd tcroroSELL byictos AIX AtuTtOi. at theMart,o anThrdat, June12 aticnes o2. a eubstan Fpiarldelds lurety,ls o a tMer of 2er.a the low re Sttin.Tof £ma Caaannum. Particularsomysh hand aoititesMrt and atthe se 1OERTSF aGd DRBNHA will SELL by A-UCTION, iXA at the Mfart. oeThursdaynx, Junel12. t12.agnfeerlptsEO,26ce oReSgIDlENCE. 31D Aveds-str,eet,ewonor~th-rad,let tDmIowMr Thrsher,g HAt tha l rowrntagsof£2pe annum.56 Heed for a teormofd 40d wetunxpafedw atn yagrodren of the high PoadrticularsnsabhamoTlod. ofSPamtuelar s.. wihpln, Na ewBrad-te; at the Muh artandhatrabatath and Roy' oMrs. 24.hm? Morauti-srn, cid adetaty, les 0 hepie Leasvehorpk,Wldwouses nandrop,Cambrwel-at.aoa y Sordeditfch h 1OBR.TF and REBYNHAill7 SELLb AUCTION, XITIO'N at the Mart, on Thursday, Juune1,a 12, FOUR2 well buil LEASEHOLD HOUSES and SHOPS, ressituae bole4,56 teandt2, £120perannm. eldfr temof21 ear- fomke Laudy-dayv18e ath SaELLoorAte-stIeet at the Mdr;and at thes aucineers'oJuies 24, a Lea ho),Nsehl Investment , Hn 6ol h ot ieo lvland-road, Bit leasite Maret fon the free Juner1or9 yatrs FOUR geont eel t of HOSLDs partivuatesonth premi,Oses; withe poarticof Joentrancelis,foe cs.ousinecltosed byhironeraling, Wit;andln gatrDenbinthearea situteion 1,AndT15, Ruselltherrwace, Htockwaron BrxoSlea n f hau of £110- per annum Tis w propety. is cosdralAneMeaneo Paticulmannrs mayte hade ofwMesrs. Harrwison an Scarge og,soiios inth Bombry-qar.nte; ocuatithe Mart andhl atteacr ne'ocs 4 aloorgate-m,treoet.acty. ondet.ab byPermssion,rrey wi thitn ans Male ofr the ownandrs in.T ml Cw Laptts,SeculatHorzs, Land SociPetises, and therers. MR. F.A.INSEBURYA will SELL by AUCTION, a Gatrthe 3 s, on Tuesdaynt, June 10 fatm12 tnonrot, 20e vlacres oLEliibE,f4 yersLAneprd, sreatedoable,ofati eminence, known withi an few hUndo-sredeytd Bofouthe high Proadifro barhamd sutoaTleford Peartcuas,a withplucans,tmaymnofhadatteraBush,Partiuham;atnth Mardt;iofs B. oclemy,b haq,,t Mesolctr,.oll-yard, Drol,sltors-cmna 19datMr Tooeybtenh at Gaucio,rand,s and estate acinoffic, %SO. Ceaonde doGradeenorougk Wiah, near t C lehnannbdrwell-ae.-yodro h ExcToBrseofrth Puliate M dthrs.H.Gmnghn JR.. SAINSEBEURY wilfl SELL by AUTO,aUC TIGarwy.'steMat on Tuesday,Jne Jn10 frm a9to12 i awllande den,sl so.d by Grose norprtCmbers-te luablet to o a 2reseable toenat whoantdefro takes2to payal rate aund, t,axe and tow keepnd, leav tht%el repai, at he iadequteorng tal o1 ers annum; of gerd or a termf7 er fes14,a theolow-ground rent o 6 e anu,Prt.lr ontE. reie;a theMartruofc.Cated'ton Esq, slicitor, 11 Ausnetirerior;ad cat We. aDonebedn' tofties plaA,I RiNgTon-on-Thaes, Snurre. awiti siemiutes' walk ofmethe dweUinga httouseso biuae nearKempintori-ypaid,by order cofnthe Mortgagree, undrt cuwers maeofbsalne. fMsr.Gp n ee,slctr.hls G.LL DEB HUTEWHTH is rcie instructtoions MatTbyrrwMAH.June, atthenlMarIntoe3SdanxtJL 1.a wIONthsop) TOINo T ,2 ,4,an rAT on tHAES oEut side of ClevelAnd-ad leadin13s from ample-ae te onthe Bran Auruitunike roadC,10 let. Threelease direct fromstndig i the freodrfr90yasa rundent of £15Os,Particuar on Mathe preMises;at. the gath of Josp hlis and estate offices, Sf1, Cheapside MR .F.G. DEBENHAM has ~re' eive frinvstrection fro te xeutr f te at M.Loh Noby AUTIONSLLb AUCIO, t heSwn,Stckel, n atrdy,June 21, at for 4y tacke VILA ~tSlI),nOF, rctodinshebs theand ma11sustn at heSwn; f r.Notey bildr,Duleyplce Crapham-otadt o- Buron,10,Salsbuy-sree,itrand;as h at andafMrGdwn, Monthly Sale of Pictures and Drawings by moenAtss h rigr- allty of wrhich will be guaranteedt h ucacs 31R.GEO.ROBITSON's ne. SLwiltake hlc a is Booms. 21, Old B3ond-street, THIS DAY, June 5th. at 1 precisely, ana wlld include specimens by the under-mentioned artists:- Barber Cowie W. H. Knight Rtaiton Bentley Be Fleury F. B.L Lee, lt.A. Romer Brooker Dell Mogford Russell Clay ~~~Fox O'Nei Vickuers Cole ~~Gill Penny Wadeson Collier Haeatherley Pullecr Walter 8,Cooper.AAt,A. Hemnsley Rossiter WiUllams &c. - May be viewed, and catalogues had, Furniture, I1000 vols. of Bools, and Effects. 7LUR.GEO. ROPNSO.N will SELL, on the Pro. ill mser,47, pperAlbay-steet,on Tesday next, MaLy10o, at 1.1 fer12unctully,the FRNITUE ofthe dffernt apartmnenta. 1,0300 vols ofboos, icluingthe nsylepediBritannica, a quantity of inusc, c. Mybevieed te dy pror,andcatalogues had at the offies,21,Oldondstret. oto-Allotmusbe Paid for and cleca-e This Day.-Two Gold Snuff-boxes, FrnhadEnglish Mfantel QCmoks. Watches, a Pair of Silver WnTe Coers, 20or., AC. MESSR. DEENHAM, SORR,and SON will Seven Thousand yards of rich Silks, Satins, Satinettes, PoPlins, and Velvets in beautiful condition,. 80 Cozen Cambric Handkerchjes,~ Cah,A - and Effects. CESSRS DEB&NHA3y, STORR, and SON Will .J. SErLL,at their Rooms, King's-stretet. Covent-gardenTo-Mnorro', June6, tThan xtesiv asortentofBILK MECERY, about 7.00ars,n rethad pielelabac wtre gac sidbrcae By M. MASH,at the Mart, TaHIS DAY, at I, DERIODlAL Salefor June of Reversions, Polie' es I of ssurnce,Annuties Life Interests. kz. in I ibta. TBy Mr. MEARSH, at the Mart5 THIS DAY, at I, HE Life Interest in Freehold Property, at Bath; oafAuut £t10 per annum; and a Continget Legacy of £200o. * - MEARSH, at the Mtart, THIS DAY,5~ Aeas%ol Family Residence No. 35QtIBernard- A ` ~~~~~street, Russell-square. By ZZf. ARSH at the Mart. THIS DAY, at I o'clock, THE7 Retorial t'ith~es of the Parish of Hartland, Dynir,amounting to LIt 0 Is. Per annum. By Mr. .AM RH, at th a Mart. THI S DAY, at 1.~ ATALUABLE F-reehold and Coy&old Pro?perty. V situat-e at Stand-on-the-Gremi, Acton,an tford. Mi dUeser. ALasehodResidence, distinguIished as Upton Cot- A " ~~~~~tage, New Cross. M MARSEH, at the Mart. THIS DAY, at 1, ~La%l Family Residence,10, Tachbrook- tc N Atthe Mart, To-morrow. ME SSRS. ORTON, HOGGART, alnd TRIST beg to inform the public, that the TariOIsPROPERTIES advertises for SALE, at the Mart, To-morrow, at 12. will be offered in the following order, viz.:- 2. St. Jobn7r-iood.--Leagehola Residence. situate No. 4, Grove-road. 2. evesioaryIntres inMony i th Fuds,andin freehold. eoplild~ndenehldEstte, ituteinth Coute of Hert, and 3. omesethir.-Feebld.Estte,sitateat Stoke St. Mazy, near 4.Ielnd.Ladeo Bllyasell MnghorGreatwood and Decry- Vauable Leasehold ImProPniate Rectory, in a beautiful par-i of South Devonshire offering a most desirable Residencee, witls a superior arm, and abshndsomeincorme for a oomparRtivelyrnoderate advauoo of capital. MESSRS. DANIEL SMITH andl SON will MEunless previously disposed of by private treaty) offer for S AEby AUJCTION. at the Mart, near the Bank of Enagland, To-morrow (Fi-iday) June 6 at lZ the important and very desirable LEASEHOLD IZifPROPRfATR ItEOTORY of IPPLUEPE-N and WOODLAND, in the beauttiful vicinity of Totness and Torquay. and only thre miles from the town and railway station of Newton Abbot. It comp ises the Rectory House, a commodious fanaly mansion, surrounded bypleasure grounds, walled gardens, and other appendages also an ornamental Cottage Rtesidence, near the church; about 1663 acres of exceedin~ rich glebe land:also the rent chargesin lien of the tithes of the parishes of Ipplepe and Woodland, commuted at-£S0 and.e200rerp5ecivejy. Itias heldunder the Dean and Chapter of. Windsor by the customary renewable lease of 21 years. It is a vey fvouite nd emakabl pitursqu and healthy district. wtt al headvntge o rIlroad an oo ocey Prlilr maySeShdSo Messrs. SMox an SonSolctrsOFN b wMcrcs offr mont ATbyAUT;N at the eMiehoesaT tns Tor-mayrran Exneter at the lauctso Marth; ande of omaessts. ande prSmcithanSn lanid agenth, inco atheriloo-lac, Peall-mall,ax Londo, ond whomrdehrsto diewtanc alof Nitonn,Vetno~ ParIclsl of b Wihada h be oeat Danel6ilan SSS.oDAIu WaIteandSON iplwefe forASDALESEL by AUCTION, at the Mr,T-orw ue6a 2 Xland, wth 12 acuresdaof ornaen1 ta 1 andportive lAn atOL th Acko theIOsln, Near lak0an Carhrinstee, otand-wironad leort dithne lof XitonndVeTomevi. artic sin.ararue-may be had at the ifhtl n Sewll,t aenaeird atfr ranofcis, solcior, Colemn-strerendofMs.s Weestmmt'es-prkd-,(-roadI,ieeb hold Sthinop,le at a1 pepr annu. 1'r.GODDARDwivilSELL by AUCTION, at t-he laMrt, on Thusi-day, June 19, at 12Z a corerSEHOLndDWFAELT, IGHO USE, leo.t 39, Carourton-streteneortland-roa, let at rethe low2 rentalnnfum tern anum eae,3 years unaexpired; taproi groun rent,we £6perms, ob iwd yprison. Particulars may be otieofEwnHadgr atsthe soiio.FmrI-n tteMart ; and at Mlr. Goddard's office, 58,Clmn-tet Woernnstmieet,-bitgyo, ~ LaeedShp tapepron XIR. GODDARD will SELL by AUCTION, atth perannm; er 75yeas nexire, t aegerots, Toe aboe vItewedbyperrusnon. Prticulas mayhe obtainied of E MiHdesr,se., AboueRVarsionato toAdsu eseofo£48 ReahiTdene.prCn,Cn 'U R. GODDARD has received instrucetions tom thEL T b UIIN tthe MWart, on Thursday. June 19. at 12, i w ot,teaov aEE. SINc NEIES aticulars may be obtainued of T.AMess liio, ulfrs. a slctoeMr, Gaidatord.Gtotedart;soandcat Mr. Goddma,trd'stofices, 51 VsauxhDs"leLase-rold.ProperthordeIdenvestet. rdcn iIjrR. GODDARD has received instruectionst SELL th Mrgae t EL,by AUCTION, at the Mfart. on Thusdy,Juir,at12 buntee RESIDENCES,Ns 6,557.nsnby-lac, Nauxhalierroae, WeMniton, respctabe tear,, ata retal f £4 pe annm. peldorat2eyenrof Ialnton.Des VabluLaslehd Pevrsoperty frInveestme. rdcn WIr GODDARD has received instructions fromEL £L MtggetSELby AUCTION, at the Martt. on Thursdy ue 9h-t12ocok dAy.SOLhUof RuE.VaRSIOaNESHOL EST-ATETH ofa FOREEweLl buiity ofReSIDENCeS, and 5,6, ToLand 0,olierHouses,nL WellingtonThenato,Ia restiateamountinguto fill per annum, andhdfo rciabter ofth 70eyearsuexpired,nteraunowagrod7drnt.tTouberiewed.eoarticular mayb had ofrr MEssr. Jenicitson. Gueetrl ogf Mesd Jeni uaon solicitr, Clementors-Flaon-qae, LmArdegt-street ; at the Mart; and at Mr.Godad' Godrlsoffices,514. Colema n-street. iy GOHNDA WSONha SrciEd intuyin AUTIONSEL ACINat the Mart. on Wedursday, June I19th. prsant 12 ao'rderc ABSLUTECom REVERSaN to fiVde-in aTase of1 SandReEHoLDT PRoPetY, knonda Moez1SNUnt PleaSant nar srubderantia ind the eclounteo Pebr oftke; a aptlstbig and of wotaehldeuesinclrkewdls Thewole faestimaed tove produe£20 perh annherum, andrecevaby atpethe adecease oal getlemarangemnowsagedo72.sarticulafrst-caybe obamily. oft T.meA. acurtis, Eof sricitr Guildoword 1f Mcesrs ooo rblland. Alroan solciors Flco-suar, ideagte-tretlda thseDMat andoat Mr. In Cenerexy-"and rid.ocett and dthrivesSinbuyHue nauaberu Ftraeehold ransiont an mrouns, fnoacb h haea lasunbwiyh coniddeexi nd3n ars of Lund; alsoshortlyobeHuntin Boq. at, urmnnisghiel Burke naresthe sochuci ndtto ls hotrd is apprcoachsing comp, sleio.ndtone ofa the sttosAlb erti 1It. JOHN DAWSON will SELL by AUCTION, M3 at the Mart, on Wednesday, June18e 8t, at 12, pursantt aeordble of theHig Courto. Chncery,a mtadberrinila.causeossinderon, rtud modious masown, staundi,cngisinground oramwentocedwt somden pricealy ced andic vaioustremes,owit onservatorye andpgardcen, wityhandsomeiy enclosed, byd loftyfruitowalls. cptal sothablag and nt-oofs Tisor manson acestherivr Thmes wih a hcefutatind sunn aspeSot, Ascot Loge, lat the huting-bohf JhnBiho.geq,teeasd withgarenhand padock,s aontainrns hogetherwnearlySthreeyces. doube cAch-hose,sfourstaructabead looSEL byx sAUCTryIgOom' be arom Graand sthornconvniences Thne situationh1 isbcheerful,th FREHOLD HJe Oy-Ure.St. James's, shpolicbitor;sfe Snd Btobke,ita Rae, Frehol Vila,wit Gaden, Ochad, nd addck verrawydelight fuclly siuantue, onabiheathyelevatio, bewendicl Kingsonoratlwa Srooidentand Lsthaduohear onreth' emDokingfroad.eHrrwrod ROBERT. OREIDAWON willSELL, byhi AUToNm, Lu. eat teMarloug-tet, on WMdnedosy June th 1t, a 1.tat 1esi2 rabecinglin Fitson groud, consristin ofawltceI gre,ocad fandyanric littler mabeado,o separk-ike apueeamue, very, heansomely timbeed, ndelpingtowrs thebsouth alnidwabest, cndsinerwggofmor tha si aces bonde byth tun pth rodt beasthread andh yde,rleu aout twobmiles fromth ED iRDao StVI,atin ontheA SlouthWsenRailway. T Also apiece of Ifreh old ladun eath3e loppstetdeo th E e rovd.uPartic lrr,wt odtonso, almoywbeadso Edward Fullr,seq, a, iattson-gadetacslictor atm thicenrAucto art;i andm eeated.oh Dart rofuyd, lamndadaciong oxteives,a Kingstonon-thames aindearbodrough-chamers,in 49o, Falil-mall. ai os lbay breafastparlur. ith nuti-hall-gam~Ite.diet fos; or LatasEHOLD. cahhouse, knot casc21anda 22,Darcotm oor-ereet Baowswatr, ac cotaiin seenroos, culer, yrd he,ostimatenednto produce a rntal of £6 per annum;hlfoalogrmtlw groundTet reas. ay a vewe. Cndtios o Mesrs Gry adBrty, olibadtore, 10, dgewre-road;at Garrway nd;Gad of th aucineer Stanley-place, Paddmglon-green parishes of Thaxted, Ark-esden, Clavering, and Langley, aeni- the miarket town of. Saffron Walden, compisigabout 500 acres of good arabIa and grams land : all let to yearly tenants. MESSE.S. NOOKOLDS and KING have received Alinstructions to SELL by AUCTION, wvithout, reserve, at the Rwe- and Crown Inn, Saffron Walden. on Saturday, July 5. at4 In tbe afternoon, in fire lots. the followinvanbeAM-LlPiot' Farm, on Bardifield-end-green, 2hax.ted, contaIning las. Ii-. 24n., in tenure of Miss Hockle-y-freehold. Lo;t 2, The Parsna-ge Farm. A1rkesden, situate near the church, containing 143a. Ir. 2Ip., in tenure of Mr.A. Husrell-freehold. Lot 3. White Friars Farm, Ar'kezden, containing 60a. Sr. 32p., in tenure ofMrx. Nottage-part freehold part conyhold. Lot 4 Iird-green Farm, Clavering, containing 14Sa- Or.6lp., in teniure of Mr. Clarke-co yod.Lt I. LsaugleyUppr-green F'arm, Langey,conainng,Ila ir 3p, i teureof Mlr. Stock--copyhold. the ale,uponappicaton a th Swa, Thxte; Fxand Houns St.. Briavel?s, Glocestershire.-Freehola House and Gardens, wnith 17 Acre of land attached. ESR .GELLET-LY and Co. have received inM E.ruclon frm te onero oferforSALE, at Garraway'son Tuesday, June 10 (unless an accptable offergis previously made), a valuable FRIIEEHOLD comnprising house and gaoe, with 17 acres of pasure and armble lana, in high cultivation, situate inthe psri-ab of St. m- iivel's, in the county of Glocester. five milles from Lydney Station on the South 'Wales and Great Western ItAilecy, about maidway between the towns of Monmouth and Chepetow, about four miles from Tintern Abbey on the banLks of the Wye, and 11 mile from the village and Pariah ChurCh, The market tolwn of Coleford being within five miles The residence is a compact detached houss, the frontage. ineludinig the wings is 74 feet, and comDrise elegant entrance hall (26ft. lon g), two reception rooms lone 23 ft. by 11), two kitchens, dairy, I*try, cellars four bed roins and clost (all on one dloor and very lofty), two smnaller bed rooms and seParate stairs stables, coach-house, and manBerrs,nt's rooim, good sheds, piggeries. and suitable out-buildings, a large walled-in garden. The estato is titlle-freecAnd Land-tax redeerned. The land frnts the rod and adjons the manione h ulig r H.HEWITT~ has reoeived instructions to 1fjL_kM byAuCTION. at the yart, on Tamda ue0 t1 snexcelleutLIMASEHOt,D PB,OFEITY, consistin of a dlesk" ye. sidnce bengNo.4, lIfonterace snutplemasntly situate- om-cr annm, rewers dfo alon ithmedm,atep o ren Mabe'ew 11hW. H. HEWITT has received instructions to itL SLL bA.UCION, t th Mar, enTuesday. June.10, t 2 urobme sage, orm er2 ~i meiatey adoinig Feter-ane,Tire Premises whilsh Near Eus+xn-square-igbeLaeodIvtret,pdung~- Pennum. W. H. ELWI't' his receivedl instructjons to S LbyAUCTION. At the Hart. on Tuesday. june 10, at 12, ito3t,acapital LEASEHOLD E51T&T, consistingoftordencer, being Noe. 5ad6 eelysre tasu ;ltt at ground rents, The premises may be viewed by permission of th6 teat,and paticuilars, with conditions of sale, had at the Mart; of Es. . ,Cannon-row. Weastistern nnrd I'aIScO{emhru br,lambeth- of Messrs. Anrory, Travers and Smith, solicitors, 25. Thrngorton-sireet. city; and of Mr. W. H. Hewitt, Auctioneer andt land agent., 11, Hart-street, Bloomsbury-square. .Near the City-road.-Eligible small, Leasehold :Invet-et, ositn of Houses and Ground Itents, produming £155 Per annum. ljR. W. H. HEWITT has received insti-uctions frmm iMthe Mortgagee to SEL nFAUCTIOl4. attbe Mart. oniTuesday, junelO. at 12, m oneIlot,3acapital LEASEHOLD ESTATE, consis' of four brick-built houses (oare a. corner shop), beinu Nois. 30.31, and 32, Percival-street, and No. 33, Little Northasripto-n-street, together witll Ground Ecuts secured on Nos. 2~9 30. I1 and 32, in the latter stret, itute etwen S. Jhn-tret- marja Goxawl-street, and Rhc .2 year Her unEWpIred b May be irisrewed, ano partcuasP hvAd CIO at the Ma rt,o W JonTusoay. JRaeq.. soictor, 5 GrMaT'-inn-square of a. MAialkesn Esqi. rsoicitor, 5o,tainiong'break filds; and atMr.Hwittoos.auceonend lad Cambenrffcs, dr Idi, Hrtom Wro,icsaihwll-Frenehod gresdeu ndeO leasur,an 1~1SiL by AUTION t theMart, onTedy June 0 Londn 2An grouds,stalin,ad pddok, itute n vtewotandrtpofthecaiil marettow o liony-Srafor, verooin the Varlle f h O Canditalmiode Furie fthre, Womiveoto Statin onthe ondesonfn Morth-esterne Rabiway. Th re ienei au sntumeocuspEfectsnd iremoedit for cssonvemaynbe bo d Ma evewd n ariuas wit noiEoSS . ofUsLe,Ladatth Mast;LL at thepinrpa innsat Stn SRatoroms o F,I F.g Jol,Rq. oiior,,o 23trda medtfas-row-ande at Mr.EHewLt' oF&-ices,1, ant-stEet ETS inlludibaiy lmqtaand CapitaloDde drawnnuroem Saiemi-cottae and muiccolo Pianofotes, larg glullcopas, capt.curt-glassine and Brne hndeliewrs,robles Platelassed. otarqbedtis Candbiets,Brnze, Coulocs and snumerouess or forawts, cnrl-ome wah-tads ciheHalbome, onsaverday net, ofashionin ables and chairs, sideboards, plated and ornamental items, and varlow-< household requisites. May he viewed, And catalogues had to-morrow. No. 32, Finsbury-circus.-Honsebold untr an ubrs ofr u tlernau removing. o h rnic, comrisnga rseooddrain rom uit, cefonir.Arabian bedateds nd ed oomfunitre,carets lagechimneyv glse,edta Acapia Laeod Residencee il-tet W%TSSRS. CHRISTIE and MNANSON' respectfuilly lLgive notice, that they wilt SELL by AUCTIOX,on Tuesdayr.Juno, 17. at 12 for 1 PrTecisely, bv order of the Executors the capital LEASE._ HOLD RESIDENCEA 1o. 28, on the south side of Hill-street, Berko.- Icy-square, the property and late residence of Henry Beidward Ray, Esq., dLeceased ; comprising stone paved hail and staircase, library 16.- feet 6 inches by IS feet, dining room 24 feet 6 inche by 0 feet, two. noble drawing rooms, which have been recently decorated in anu elegant, manner, eight bed rooms and dressing roomis, and two attics, extensivo and capital offlces, extending to a great depth in the rear, writh se,r--ants' bed rooms over: the whole in perfect order, and fit for imme-. diate occupation by afamily. HIeld fora tdrmnof6O2jsears. Freeholds And Leaseholds, in BirmningbaU.-By Messrs. CHESSHER= and GIBSON, at the Hen and Chick-ens Hotel. New-street, Birmingham, on Tuesday June 17 at 4 o'clock aftemnoon; in lots, 7OUR Leas~hold.Wonses and Shops, in Phili -stre-et5. JL poiethe MarketHall; a freehold V. etyi3 t Ins.msfcoya the corner of Moseley ancd Birchall streets:- ewe fre Iodhouss ad land at the corner of Moseley and Charles Henry streets; 16 leasehold houses in Sheep-street; fiveIleaseholdlhomes ira Love-lane. For particulars wnith plans, apply to Mesans. Fladgate, Younig, andc Jaebsns, solicitors 12, Essex-street. London; of Mr-, Sklflseck, solicitor, 19, uotharnto-uildings Chancery-lane, London; of -Xr. G. N. . Jones, solicitor~ Benntt's-hill Birmingham, and Sohohill. Handsworth; and of th'e auctioneers, II, Bennett's-lull, Bilm. To Connoisseurs In Wine.,.-Sale of a genuine Stock- of first~-class" mit- age Wines, comaprising about l.100'dozen_ -1%JESSRS. CHESSHIE.E and GIBSON, auctioneers, IL..wingham, begg to announce th%t they have received instructienafromtheltepresentatives of the late Mr. Edward Wilkes, of Birmintgham, wino merchant, to SELLby AUCTION. at the -Vaults, in Newhlall-streot, about the beginning of July nex,t, without reserre1 thewhole of the genuine STOCl of first class vintage WINES, selected withgreat care and judgment by the decased from the first slipin houses in the trade,.and including in.Pr-ts.th finet qualtiesoft. vintages of 1834, 1540, 1844, 1847, and 1I5I, and a anali but very chorco stock- of Sherry, Madeira, Moselle. Claret. Bordeaux, Champagne. Marsals andI other wines The auctioneers have the greatest confidence in caillg the Attention of noblemen, connoisseurs, club-houses. hotel proprietor, wie merchants, and prvate families to the Wae oE: the above winesfkowing them to be of te first quality and of wellknown celebrity, and such as are rarcly offered to public coporpUtion. Further particulars will shortly appear, And fixing tire time or sale. This Evening-Superior Household Furniture, Pianolortes, Cipets,4 Glasses Perambulators, znd General Furnishing Effects, 1'jESSRS. JO1%ES and BONTHAM will SELL by- AUCTION, at their great Rooms, 11 and 1-2. Leicester-street,. THEIS EVEIN,G, at 6 to the minute, superior HOUSEaOLD FUR, NITURE, comprising drawing room suites in rosewood andIwalnut, large console glasses, tap)estry, BrasseLs, and other carpets, piabofortes,, moarqueterie, china cabinets, bookcases, Iso, card, dining, and otherlables, sideboards, four-post, Arabian, French. and other bedsteads, cleana mattresses, superior beds and bedding, wardrobes, chests of drawers, marble-top avashbatanfis And dressing tables, toilet glasses, and all the excelient requisite for furnishing a manision. The whole on tiew, and catalogues to be had at the rooms, as above. To imorrow (Friday) Evening, at 6, a Collection of aucient and mnodern:. ILL AUCTION,at their gret Rooms, iiand 12. Loiestor-streect. No. 25, Norland-squarc Notti,rg-hilL-Pisrniture, Cottage PIn ofo0rte a few Ninaitings, Plrints, and Effects. FRDRICK A. MULLETT will SELL b ONontheleiss oniTurady,,the 1thinst. at 1JTR.J C. STEESwilEL by AUJCTION,. ,.V.a.at his great Roomn. 35, King-street, Covent-garden,To-morrow, June 6, at 1 precisely, EIGHT of GIILBY's PATEN I' RIFLES, whicin. obtained honourable mention aLt the Great Paris Exhilbition, I.augh. rifle, large musical box, books, Halse's galvanic battery, cabinets oUr shelIls,minerals, and other specimens of natural history, curiosities Ac. Ma yb viewed on the day prior, and catalogues had. Gmrane-road Bermnondsey.-Germine Salvage Sale, without thulg- est resere.-To Builders, Cabinetmakers Wheelwrights, iewo Cuxtters and others-,-:ghe Stock of Messrs Eldridge and Youngranan. timber merchants damaged by fire. l R,PEAKE is ordered bv the Proprietors to SELlS& ,RI.y.AUCT!ION.q.on thelPremises, on Thursday, June12, at12 for 3, in lots, all the STOCK damaged by7the late disastrous fire, comnpris. tug about 600 fine quality l4iretiuianks, 300 yellow deals, 500 squares oE prepared flooring in different thiknesses lare qtuatity of scantling ash felloes, mahogany, and a great Tariety of other useful mnateril. Mdsybe viewed thermorningot sale, and catsalogues had on the premises ; and at Mnr. Peaks's ofrices, 44, Tooley-street, Southwark. The F urnitur ane remaining Stock of very choice town-made Glass of a manufacturer deceased, Also a RosewoDd Pianoforte and several coat and trouser lengths of Cloth. MJR. BERY FOST-ER will SELL by AUCTION, greea-tRoom 410, Oxfordstsbigreeuit. erSh-ae WIlV LiatrsuriTHIS DAY,(hmi) June 5, at 1 'lcs eun UN'R,wne wadobe. pdeladestavl sieoard, S.Jhandsome reowodcmpianofote,and elipetilormabufature0 lot 3ofcaptale cuzot andeGraved g.aneafr dner-y rand odeser use,inecantearspboy ofrthem dof enthe highes olit Poft butteira,and icendishes ndsplatew,hoiteiths,tumbles,an gob nlet,-., all ofteIhACTLONd onmahe. Nowise onxieMnaw. ueI6,a 1 o Fleet-streetll the poem remise beomriing rebuilt. for posGaFrery, d ironedster-squr, ToIso DeAY- bedussr, Juddneg, and'e umo'lopcn, esof princ,piitngl cavdan d ie onarchamer m ams,ewodilry wearineg appa~Trelkbot,yn Bushels. anthefitres, ct, comrigse maiandgsashs,teleganmdi; ltionaent, 100 oposhowfglastes,0v opprsof ls cakelotins obaindeoudso allth kreindes, lag quntt ofF.er ja hot p late, -irughtironry potabl ove. nd. pral ooignqartOi Nof win, Shonulsechldburntdre,And thembleagon of )thalpremises. WithoMtreev. dnvewmrnPingre of sale vandctloguis S hooad. ihro suprir anfatue, 6-otae orzoTal N,rand Panofore b liroadood, duble-ction arp b Erard 50 dzen offine ldnPrt Madeira and Renish ines, few chocePatuings ad Prins, ant vartoas Effects. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ nb Cboopr Vanderelde C. I)'oli P. Ptter. OnTview.,Catalogues an above. N.D. Money advarc-ed on every description ofproperty for positive and immediatesaeats Choice Colleion of Itain, Flemish, Dutch, and Eugli-hrPictures,- Regent Gallery, 71, Regent-Btreet. I hI'FR. GARCIA wiM SELL by AUCTION, as above, .LiTo-morrow, Friday, June C. anid foliowing day. at 1, an exceedingly choice COLLECTION of high class PICTURES, incldingtwodireexaples Wovermna;Chrst in the JudgmsenrHall.Rubes; Vilageestial, Jn Sten; oonlight, Vanderneer ; St. Ctherie, Ifrmari Vewin Veice, analetti ; and several othe& C. Maratti Coyp Paini BD. enihe. rs At Garraway's, To-morrow, June 6, at 12 for I precisely, rl-"o IlunndEigbt Hundred loadis B3altic and -LColonrs, Timber; 3-15,000 pieces ditto deals and battenis 5o, 60,g pioee ditto stares; and ether goods,-SIMSON andXASON,% Brokters, St. Petee's-alley, Cormhill At BoothseWa.rehouse, 21,MBudge-row, THIS DAY. June5, at 2prc-~ direly. by ordler of the Receiver of Metropolitan PoliE, POLICE Clothing and Stores;-Z-200 great, coats, 25( 1-bluie dress coats, 3(1 pair blue trousers, 300 pair boots3, hats, 31 iron bedsteads, 75o coco beds, 300 blankets, linen sheets, andbed rugs also 420 artillery shakros, with, plumecs, 4C0 flannel shirts, one ton of o1ld blatkets (cut). May be vie-wed en Wednesday, and catalogues bad ofR, BOOTH and SON. auctienees 21- , Bude-row. At the Commercial Sale Rooms, Mincing-lane, on Thursday, June 12,- -at 12 fo r 1 PreOCIsely, principally wi th out rese crve, NINETY-SIX Pipe 30 hbds., 19 qf.' caskzs Portz: ± 20 butts, 7ilibbds, Ilqr. casks, 20 octaves iShenr ;1pOa, n7 hibds.. 16 or. casks Brand;13runs. Rum; 13hhd, 483cssirt spakling Hock and 1oeie Champagne, Sauterne _. C=iea Wae, Potc eoia rench Port, l,Iadeira, Montan id Hugra mie, CaPe, ttled rort, Lc. Ca-taloguessdpriuas of JamesNorris wine and spirit broker, 13. atSre, akln.
