DEATHS. On the 5th ult, at Kamiesch, of cholera, whilst in the zealous distharge of his duity, Henry Season, youngest son o' the late Charles Champion, Commander N. On the 15th ult., in camp before Sebastopol, after a few days' ilhless, Lisut. Basil Henry B3rowne. 17,th Regt., in his 19th year, younger son ef the Rector of Toft andNewtion, Lincolnshire. On the 10th of Septeniber, IS55of consumption, at ' L-dae ,Xlew Scuth Wales, where he had gone for the benefit of ht}saaath, Henry ButerFellowes. Esq.,Eagistate andCommissioner of CrownLands for the distriet of New England, the third son of Sir James Felloweas Bar On the 12th of September. Lucy Elizabeth, wife of Stepbn. Auand 'WMight.FEsq., of LOcLleY'S, near Adelaide, SouthU Australia, in her 67 th Fear. On the 3d ult.. at Grove House. Eading. in her 15th year, Elizabeth, youngest daughter of Jam,!s and Anne :3ark. On Satunday, the 29th uilt., at Edinburgh, Edward Fraser, Rsq., wlvocate, late Sheriff Substitute of Sutherlamashire. On the 30th ult., at the Warren. neair Lydney. aged 2 years and ll montb,% Frederick John, the beloved child of Theophilus and BEne4licta.Trotter. On the 30th nlt., ageed 26, 3fargaret Glendinn ng, daughter of the late JoephB Ross,m eq., of HaaUfax. countyYou-, an cousin of John Ross Coulthart, Esq., of Ashton-undcr-L5 ne countY Lancaser banker, and of Alexander Glendinnin-' Esq of Seenoaks county went, High Sheriff of that comnty in ML - " On Monday last, at Ely, much respected, Charles Crudgington, Esq.. In the 55th year of histago. -On New Year's-day. at Floore, Northamptonshire, FWiliam, Floyer Msq., in the 57th year of his age. On NewYear's-day, of bronchitis, Aled Powellheonlysn;of Alfe D. Sprange, ER,., tLA., of Bridge-road, Regent's-park-rokad, aged five months. On the Ist hist., at Brighton, 3faryIyMoungest dau'hter of the late Ilenry Westbrook, Esq., of Heston. l1idd1esx. ana step deugister of W. J. Gardiner, Esq., 8, MIontsgu Street, Russe -square, aged 'i. . On Wednesday, the 2d inst.. at his residence, Fiar-street, Reading, MKr. Cornelius Poulton, agedI 7% On the 2d inst.. Susannas, the seond daughter of er. Ren5amin LewiS, of Albion Cottagae, Coldharbour-lane, CamberwelL. Her end was peace. On the 4d inst., at St. Leonard's-on-Sea, Richard Eaward, youngest cld of the Rev. John Foley, Nicar of Wadruret, Sussex, aged seven imonths. On the ld ist., aged29. Mary Anne, the beloved wife of Ir. 'Wiliam Treadwell. of Cummuhe-street, Pentonville, and second dau-gh'ter of the late John Boys Tucker, Esq., of Shaftesbury. On the Iainst.,at her resiidence, Haven-green, Ealing, isanr in her 55th year. On the 4th inst., at Gaston Hfouse. Rssex. the Rev. Theoph-ilus PelIy, rector of Church itrampton. Northamuptonshire, aged eS On FridaY. the 4th imit.. in his 71st year.31Yf. Charles Ledshams, manyy year. of Cross-street, Roxton, deeply regretted by his familyada numerous circle of friends.
A CTIOI Roods.-WA.NTED, PREMISES, - arbe fben used as auction roonv. &,- I full particular,4 Podand Schalte. 11h( rlestreet biddlsea ftn-p;taL, q3 , ,. E and FURNITURE.-WA ,N Vk1_), -asmual 1LtO0E orCottage. vwithin an easy elis!aMnn from~ the cit . Meatti "to exce d£0. The furniture would b msa2ees su approvre, 'E'REEHOLD WVATERSIDE LAX]) WA NTED, to F& IT1tCHASE~, from one to live acres, it.i svea miles from ridos-loridge. Autdiresletters wIith particulars, to 5,.I,,at Mr. Serg Zedciet~optnee OId Kent-road,' 1,AISEHOU'SES WVANTED, (grouiid fInoor aind. -ilv tsement pireferredj in the flelghhounh-1 of Fridriy-street,TIre:V street, Watling-street, orCannoon-s!re Met Address by letter, otafi, :11 particul&rs,toG. B.,1L. Admstrctel'.strand. Q C_tuLASTIC.-A lady is des CHA f I E - 1,~E; a first-class L-A IES' ESTAB iHEN,immediately. iM52ity unimportanit. Address NVeto, Donnis,igs S 'Ais FO D-HLL,Claton orTottenhamn.-- WSETE. a god FA ILY IESII)NC';.One wvith coach- Q 1J~SBX.-WANTED,to1sURCHAsto by asent te-T N-oLHampton, Windsor, or att senme beslthy spot within aSbont Ps7 miles of the mietropolis--from 20 to 150 arcrs or more. Par'ticrotaAn and price to be sent to Meomrs Nelson and Innes, architects, *$, witielrsll. - - ESTATE. WAINTED.-WANT ED, in one of the IE suthrn.wesem o nidlad cunti!s.%n sT,.TEof aibout U0 or L.000 acres,with raomderatc-sized mansion, ina high and healthy situaition, neax a lbod town and a church. An invei;tnient price only -u-ill be given. AJdras with evray partcular, Q. Q..post-oede,Blaud. 1.srd, Dormetebire ~or.Y CHOOL or YOUG GENTEMEN,in the neighbouirhood of londn- illbe app toreceve omsuniatlns ithfull particuLas,frmpatishain tesae odipoe f Adrs Y. Z. post- Tfie Bawit.hinunersmittfLodn, ndna r,a tain Zugh, dry, and wellsupplied ajthwrater. Rent fromf £10t 10 h Ereat WVestemn line preferred. Apply to Mlr. Watson, auction and 'cesate ottirva, 34, Foley-place. Plortland-pl-ace. LOT'TAGE WANTED, tunfur-nislsedl (detached or semni-detached), at Lady -elay, on the Seuths-Vestemo, Windsor. or lendoni-bridge lines of Rtailwany, containing eight rooms, wiith a garden, -eight or ten mniles from London. and not exceeding hialf a mite from a .-elation. Rent about £35. No obection to a term If suitable. Ad*desa, with fulli particulars, to A.B,Ir. Fenton's, 9, King Edward4KStreet. 'Ne,egate-sereet. Sniall OTTAGAeither furnished or unfurnishy' A A''D(modem built), for an elderly invalid gentleman w:ith %lis maid-servant, or Apartments.,withx ever convenience on the first ideer. The distance not to exceed fouramiles in every direction from the B&nk, The terms tobe modera,", as itwuillbe fora7peensanency. Rtefe-Tarces given and requiredl. Address to A. F., Pedler's, chymist Fleet. .afreet, three dloors from Chancery-lane, fJ~be ET,With possession at Lady-day, a DWELL- I -HUEand SHOP, No. 4, Commiercial-place, Kentishttw,with goodgreroes business attached to it. Yfl beLET atLady-day, a capital RESIDENCE, sa ie fo h Poit-offiee. It contains dining and drawn teoms, garden, conservatory, eight bed rooms, b-ath room,. coach-house -adstable, &c. For cards to view apply toelie eand Son, auctioneers, -45. IMarraret-street. Ciuvendish-square. 1TO be LET, with immnediate possession, mnost desi- ,rabtePIIE SES, in a leading thorooghfare. in the immiediate Vicinity of R,cgent-circes, Oxford-street, peculiarly adapted by position rinda-anur-ement forchansmbers or businesspurpoes Terimsandfourther Bariirularssnaybehad,ofMleases,Wetten=d Harris, 45,Co=duit-strcet; 'or Mfr. Lahee. 65. -New Bond-street. T narCanonsteetwet,city, a DWELLIfoheLE and PRMISES, n goodrepair, containing three 71w0 ha LIET, for such a term of vears a3 may be -a- agreed on, the L,NGllE?ITON COLLIEiftZ near Newcastle. -ilpon-wTyne, the property of the Right Hen- the Earl of Carlisle. At this Z,Ils,er tha high main seam hasibeen securely tubbedt off, anld the shats axe nni to the low, main seam, which has been recently extensively -opened out, The engines, screes, and othier stock upon the colllerynms 1%e tuhenata vsluat'on, Further information can be obtained on apph'Cation to MAr. Lidutell. Benton Grange, near Newcastle-upon-Tyne, T O BUTCWHERSand others.-To be LET, a HOUS-E an' --d SIXOPnI.EAIEa orL&eaeto be Sold,at 2.Lupus-street,St. Ceerge's-square, imfico -7'0 SURGEONS, &c.-For immediate DISPOSAL, T a RETAIL ad 'PRSCRIBIG IIUSIX S, pTesnting an ox,celtent opening for a surgeon. being situaite in an improving neWigbourteeod, without opposition. Applyfor address at post-office, 3, Alexander-place, Brompton, r O HOSIERS and SHIRT MAKERS.-To be DIS. JL.POSED) OF, in one of the most leaning and eligible situations at the west end, where an extensive busines can be done with a moderate -CptaL Coming-in for steelk and fixtures about XM00 Aiddress Mr. ';Mhley,acutt, 9. Foster-lane. CheaPSide, fT'O MNARKET GARDENERS.-To be SOLD, about JL Sacmes of various GROWING CROPS, incloding young fruLit trees and flower roots and the usual produce of a market garden- For zWartcicolan; apply to Ms. Brett, 4, Wellhngton-chanabers, London-bridge, .'outhwarkc. 0Y~ he DISPOSED OF, immediately.,a SHOP and T, R'IIEISES, situate in a leaSinig thorough fare in raddington. 'where a coed drapery business haa been carried on for msany yeas Rent £0a year,and fixtoresimoderate, For further particulars aply to Mr. PYlmer. ie-. Union-street. Borough, FifO BR~USH and TURNE.Y WAR.EHOUSEMEN7. iOU-SE and SHOP, well-situate for the above business, there not being -inlng of the ldnd in the ne'hboiixbood. For partlcuLurs apply to aIr, C-onway, 4, Sussex-terrace_,Nottif,g-hill-gate, -L FP.EEIIOU) LASD. tithe andI ladtxfe ateeis great -demnd or ricesi thevicnit, Peset rces are froml,toS. Sn he ard. Pice£20. Prtiulas o Sr,Hannasni. Ash,Srey TOleSOLD, for £400, a clear net INCOME of ll Is. &xL perannums, ari sing from leasehlsois, situate in M,id-iesex, rexpetably situate. anuLwel tenanted. Termn unexpired 35 -Tearn Applb to 3Mr. Tensple, beforec 9 in the morning and after 7 in gheeening. at 8, John's-terrace, Hackney-scadnt: orby letter, pro-paid. YT!O WHOLESALE DEA-LERS, E-ngineersq Wheel- ,,wrisht_, and others..-Spacious PREM-ISES to be LR~P, with exOeitent eight-roomed house, situate Du.-e-street, Stinnford-street, with lar'e gatewatyentrance, and Latlely in the occupation of Messrs. Braby -,ail Son, theL eminent;wheelwrighta and patentees ;with immediate possesson- pplto Sr. Hrsat, satioer,Siamori-ot., B inclifriars. -710 GOCES ad GNERL DALERS.-Tobe .3..OLD inClahunOld-own th LESE.Stock, and Fixtures of 710WATCHMNAKERS, Jewvelles &-c.-To be TLDTSPOSED OP. a BUSINELSS, in one of the best west end thoougfars: stalised15 years. Hasa agood winding, connexion, -purhasemone (abut 400) incliides part of stoele, lease, &c. The -cotined llheath f he roprietor is the solo cause of disposal, Appl, by letter only,toA. l ~. 7. New Rand-street. 7110CHYISTS and DRUGGISTS.-The South T 3,Cos.A opportunity offers admirably calcultated for one in Idelimnvtilhealtth, or dlesisousof residing in one of the most beauttiful and Wpoplar towns in the south-west of E~ngland, whecre, by the investment -of a small capital, a handsomec SHIOP, anid prospect o1 select and- profitable connexion, can be secured. Apply to Mr. Orridge, 30, Buetllersbury, London. T GROCEIRS andl OILMEN.-G. Armstroni, and TSon, trade valuaers andl auctioneers, have for DlSPOS'XL, on advantsoceo'us terms, an old-established genuine BUSINESS, doing a grolitab'Lotrle a few miles south-eaLst ofLondon-bridge. The shop is 'beautiftlly fitted. up. withx evary convenience, The hoose in large and -conivenlent and can he easily let off. For orders to view apply at 27, Bukeour,city. Vf 0 HARDRESSRS a a PERFUERS,-To be DIPOEDOF wthimedat psssson i cnsqence of the eat oftheprorieor,an od-etabishd IUSIESSin the 7110PARIESLOOINGFORa BUSINESS.-A ,L cd pprtuityno prsens tsef fr ny person with a small capial,td jurease proisig TY BUINES, ith stationery atlathd: itute n aleaingthoougfar atthewest-end. ft has been isief manged b a fnuale own r innin other engae ment, ad ionlyparedwth n acoun ofbusnot beunigablo tospr limeanylongr t attnd o it AdressZ, ., Cutumn-street, city. T OCONUCTRSof ADIS'SCHOOLS.-An ellibl oportnit no ofersitslf o alaity of energetic chaascerndepeieceitntin, orbti,iinthCON-DUCTrofaselect BOARINGSCHOL, ongestalised, ns ellsituate town in the west01 nglnd, nd vergingfro 14to 8 puipils, from which the Tj'! be SOLD, by Private Contract, near Farine-don, T3 a'a s!ecmpacwthin fvmiuesT aTE of abou s1tiacres of goonAI'So 1-ableolned L, with a getch dcotageresdence,U situate ind pathemdst,b 1EonAIning fouaratrooms ontherwgroundo loor four bed rooems, droy rellar-, esier c. ;oe nrewi tabes,coach-house,siudi room,leand lofts,er wih aprior rlribnere, and a g owaprgardeon, aof ah luargean praoductiae emichnourdnwirth ganbic wald anreuwilt iA&ldefoat the nhanc fromy thehg broas A ddresso, an C. tedges,uFaeygon,13a,Grer tGergs,ret T OBAKILERS, Grocers,Uand tin.-T bdeVilaIRTPSidence, wihi fivestinutes wakin COfCR the pation-AfwPithsoll of 0co-ro ofed illbaSt, twithego rgardenso laid pouritoand plnedo bacried lEASIthe sneparateyo othcerwis te,o 1002 years. atmods state gound rianeiv1r mawer, ande aot Portsopotio Hrof hurchn i tae mone mayuf emai conl nostfag. ano advancesa wuill be madte frfnisThi ung,tAppl ztocSr a C. Hook,m lan ben anld asurveyorn, an, Gtreat Georgte-street, WatsOBKR,Goes ndohr.T eDS POE OF.ALInst-rTeognuie COET, N partis ed wit soLely T EREcontofIllD E tth, tothrgrvetlfh proi,perietoyr,ewromha carried zndesold nolterailbtoweaiena hrseandWoeybcompet3ency,Thelfarnitued stock and itreseceo wnivlibsod. as sthedanding,ad ifo ceommnireathes free- bold cn be prchase. For ddressapply t ,Hg-tee,Gsot TJ 0 DIBERMERCHNTS~Barge Builders and ItFa, li erebygv eie,ta hywlmea theW itHraln Biewury.on Wdne,dsytthe 61. fJnayso. at 3 o'clock in he .ftenoo prous l, oLET by TNE,fo aydy 90 all hat ligile TMREIt AID. covern abu two acrs of rOund, weith eteniv wharfage and busnespreis situate on sheta Inl o he River ennet, atGrenfam,closeto th.e town of gus hacsmth' sop ad alo con-renient tenement and garde teeoblnInorue thereItL The whole of theabove proet Isnwinth ocupaio of Mrohn Thomas mih and an exesc tr,a ines1 tofe atIbQeron merfchan tj and barge buildter has be en-are c upntepremise for mayyears For f-,rther- DarticulIrs nbltohisuper-o n, o t M.Georze Adey, theo Church- r110 be SOLD, by public AUCTION, within the MUl -LHoteL Stonehaven. on Thursday, the 7th day of Februaary next, At I O'Crcek afteMoon,I o eeousl disposed of by priate bargain, the ESTATE of lOTHIN ,in the parish of etteresao, and runty of KinCardine, This valuable groperty contains about 3,ODD 1Imperi alsre-a, of which l,100w wam ale, about 400 underwood of wannun arv,.and thne remainder capable of being made arabte at a ssIl exrpense The grees met of crop and year 1MI, including the ;evesge aeo teetinnbing of the woods, amounts to £12,612 ISo. 2tenuu'L -ouein in erfect sepsis, andis at present occupied, it contains four public remus, 11 bed rooms, and anmple sccommodatilon ferser-santa, The garden an lVeasure grounds amein high order; the zxreuiwa- rouctve Thre n erygod goue shooting qmthe un~~va potios o ths etate,and xcellent partridge and hare shootilagonthearablefrrmazdwoods This property has been recently vv!'edby&a-er7 experienced- valuator-, who ban expressed-hbin piothtfor an DuttIe from 0,t0 to £9,00 the rental might be ansdto£,0 or £2?,400 Few properties are mnore desirable -for- La tlnii who wants a reidence Sfitfor immediate occupation, and It pesliar advantae for mne who poeseoses a, fow` tlaorusd poundts -rsitaoetheprce,wihh ih Iyout in bringing tha unim- prved aud nto tivton Ups iet £38,000. For further par. miilr ap'ply to John A, 'Macrae, Esq. WV.S., 14, Glocester-place, ~tttlsrgs; rtoRbertslier,Hl-!de louse, by Aberdeen.
MOEY-MARKET and CITYyINTELLGBNOE. Friday Evening. The English funds opened this morning vith a very unsettled appearance at the reduced prices of yesterday, and subsequently experienced a fresh decline, from whichthere was a partial recovery befora the termination of business. Consols were first quoted S7i to i, whence they. receded.until they touched 87. They then improved to 87k to J, and remained without further alteration. The increased dulness in the morning was caused by the feeling of uncertainty regarding the state of the BaniK bullion duringthe next month or two, and the subsequent rally wvas consequent upon a marked diminution in the pressure for money on the Stock-Exchange, loans being obtainable at from 5to 6 per cent.; and the announcement of the arrival of the West India and Mexican steamer with 631,0001. in specie. There w. as still a total absence of any foreign news calculated to iniluence the market. Bank Stock left off at 205 to 01;; Reduced, 87' to Z;le he per Cents., 87 to I; Long A ;nnu es, Threen nuities, 1885, 1(5; Exchequer-bonds, 97 to -; and Tndia Bonds and Exchequer-bills, 9s. to 5s. discount. To-day being the 4th of the first month of the year, the payments were extremely heavy, but thley are understood to have been well met in all quarters. Foreign securities continue to exhibit heaviness, and the transactions are altogether unimportant. Turkish have not recovered the late decline. In the Six per Cents. the operations were at 81 and 80%. Bargainsin the Fourper Cent. New Guaranteed Scrip occurred at 3S, and the final quotation was 3g to J discount. The general business comprised Brazilian Foiur-and-a-Half per Cents., new, 91i ; Mlexican, for account, 19' and 20; Peruvian Tlhee per Cents., for account, 52; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 87 and 86N; Sardinian Five per Cents., 81A; Spanish Three per Cents., for account, 38i; the New Deferred, for account, 211 and i; Passive, 7; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 92X-; Ditch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 63T; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, for theZaccount, 94j and 94. In theforeign exchanges this afternoon an advance was established in the rat6s upon Amsterdam and Paris. With regard to Hamburg there was no alteration. Few transactions took place in Austrian paper, and the quotation was less favourable. In the corn-market this morning there was more steadiness, but without any actal recovery from the decline of MIonday. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the eek again shows a moderate business, rwith a tendency to lowrer prices. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening were 53f. 30c. for money, and 63f. 65c. for the end of the month, showing an improvement of more than a-quarter per cent. in the price for money, and a fractional decline in that for the account. The specie brought by the Tyne steamer to-day from the West Indies and M1Iexico consists of 571,0001. silver and 60,0001. gold, making a total of The following mercantile letter, received to-day from the Cape of Good Hope) gives the latest intelligence of the state of business in the colony, the progress of the copper mines of Namaqualand, the movement for convict immigration to Natal, the probable exports of Cape wool, and the prospects of the estate of Messrs. Home, Eagar, and Co., whose London house suspended a year back woith liabilities for 130,0001.:- ". The colony is recovering from the shock received by the failures some six months ago, and business is now carried on upon a more healthy footing. There is less kitc-flying than there used to be, and the banks nave become more careful in their transactions. The mining company mania is at a low ebb; shares that were once saleable at 271. are now not worth the eighth part thereof; many of the companies have disappeared. Yon must not, however, suppose that Nvamaqualand produces no ore. Large quantities have been received anid -hipped for England ffoni this port, and two or three ships have been engaged to load copper ore from Naamaqualand direct to n,gland. The principal shippers are Phillips and Xin-, and Prince, Collison, and Co. The former firm, it is said, have shipped snce they commnenced operations not far short of 2,000tons. Great complaints ex;ist in consequence of M1r. Wylie, the geologist appointed to the colony,, having proceeded to the Sovereignty to examine the reputed gold regions, instead of insecting the copper district of Nanaqualand. A South African museum his been established in Cape Towvn, or rather resuscitated, for it existed many years ago, but was allowed to go to dilapidation. It has lately received many valuable contributions, and it is expected to make a very respectable figurc in the course of a fewcr years, if it does not agam become neglected. " The Governor, Sir George Grey, is on his travels through the colony to the Sovereignty, and thence to Natal, whence it is expected he wvill return by sea. Serious damage has been occasioned to the indigo and other crops in that settlement by the late heavy rains, and there is a "reat outcry for labeur. A portion of the wvhite commumnityliave been pehtioning the ome Government for convicts, but the majority appear to be opposed to it, axnd have got up a counter petition. Panda, the neighbovurmgpowverfilZulu chief, marched at large army against the Portuuese settlement of Dela Goa, hut did not succeed in effecting an entry. It is rumoured his retreat waS occasioned by intelligence that his territory wvas threatened byan invasion from two powverful tribes fromn Uie northwvard. "The quantity of wool exported from the colony this year will not fall much short of ivhat I advised you in amy former letter. The creditors of Home, Eagar, aud Co. in England share with those in tIle colony, aid it is hoped the estate will yield, if time be given to the country debtors, at least 1es. in the pound. 'he public here has recently been startled from its propriety by the advenit of a Mlr. 21-, w%ho brought letters of introduction to the Cape of Good Hope Bank from the London and Westmiinster Banl;, against which he was permitted to draw some 80I. before it was surmised and beieved that bis credentials were not genuine. HIe is lodged in prison for debt, and it remains to be seen vhether the dcunients were forged or not." The colonial-markets reopened on Wednesday with much heaviness, and prices have generally had a downward tendency. Less anxiety was evinced as to the result of the suigar sales at the beginning of the week. They commenced with extremue flatness, and have since been greatly depressed. Importers generally gave support to the market by buying in freely, but still neither the trade nor reliners showed any desire to operate, and the quantity sold wrent at a fall of fully 2s. per cwvt. Even the alteration of the French duties, although knowvn to-day, failed to exercise the slightest effect, and the market closed with undiminished dulness. The arrivals from the East and West Indies have been very considerable, while the shipments from France, Spain, andPortugal stiR continue toaddto the stock, which is increasing. Very littlecoffee hasbeen brought to auction. The plantation Ceylonkindswentatabout previous rates, but for the native sorts rather lower prices have been accept;ed. The tea-market is remarkably quiet, but holders are not pressing sales. Public sales are advertised for next week, and one of wAssam for the 15th inst. Cocoa is dull at a fall of Ss. to 4s. per cwt. A good business has beentrausacted in rum at lower rates. Rice still continues very flat, and at public sale a parcel of Madras and Bengal could not find buyers unless at a decline of about 2s. per cwt. from the highest point. Saltpetre is likewise exceeding,ly heavy, and a considerable decline has been submiatted to. The subjoined statement of the export of bulion from London to the undermentioned countries, during the six months ending the 31st of December, 1855, has been prepared by Messrs. Haggard and Pixley:- * This does not inclue the large sums sentby way of Fojkeetone and Dover to Frnoeduing the samne period. and which. according to the Customs return, amount to £10,821,450, against £6.366,010 in the corresponding period of Iast year. It is also exclusive of the large .private remittances to France, of which no xecordisobtained. .According to a statement prepared by Mr. J. Clare, jin., of Liverpool,-the importation of pam oil into that port -durmg the past year was 31,000 tons against 28,396 tons in 184, and 23,000 in -1853 ; besides which there were 7,000 tons received in London and 5,000 in Bristol 'against a total of only 6,1Oo from those places iD4 the previous year. The stock-is now 4,500 tons against 1,000 tons last year, and the price is 471., showing- art advanceof It. The export was 9,000 tons in 1855 against a precisely similar quantity in 1854,X : A cilar issued by Messrs. Reay,-Sonsj and-Co.- furnishes the statisthcs of the home. consumption of wines from 1821 to 1855, from which- it appeis that since the year-1831 ther eonsuiaptioxiof port has declined from 2,707,737 gallons to 2,621,992; of MYadeira, from ~209,127 to 42,874; of Canary, from °4,117 to 11,517 ; aii1. of colonial, from 539,584 to 268,245. On the other hand, the consumption of French wine has increased from 254,366 gallons to 582,834; of Spanish, from 2,089,-532 to 2,740,261; of Rhenish, fi-6m 57,888 to 72,455; and, of other soits, from 259,916 to 809,434. Subjoined are the general totals throughout the entire 1)eriod:- The chief proportion of the first deposit on the London and Paris Banzk has already been received, and the company, it is stated, are accordingly about to apply forthwith for their charter of incorporation. The retirn from the Bank of England for the week ending the 29th of December gives the following results w;hen compared with the previous week:Public deposits ... .... . £S-&l3,932 ... :ncrease, £499,179 Other deposits ... ... 3.2,3G2,512...]ncreaso 121,055 Rest ... ... 3,235, 328. ..Jcre3se 15,451 On the other side of the account:- Government securities... £10,425,292 ... ]ncrease £490,093 Other securities ... . .. 19777,860...Tncrease 573,737 Notes unemployed ... 5,963,850..D3)ecrease 500,855 The amoumt of notes in circulation is 18,700,6151., being an increase of 320,7251.; and the stock of bulion in both departnients is 10,820,1437., showin, a decrease of 161,6021., when compared with the preceding return.
* TRADE REPORT. Friday Evening. Suaxs.-The market continues very duli, and of the suctions brought forward, amounting together to 12,214 bags, scarcely anything was sold. The following are the particulars and the prices paid for the few lots that found buyers. 3,577 bags of Mlauritis all bought in. 7,,49 bags of fadras, 860 bags sold at 47s. Od. to 48s. for soft wvhite Benares kind. 852 bags of Date, 276 sold at 44s. to 45s., good middling yellow; and 2=6 bags of Benares, that brought 44s. to 52s. per ewt. for yellow to good white. There have been no private sales of West India to-day, and the total for the week amounted to only 157 hhds. COEFEE.-43 casks and 160 barrels and bags of plantation, and 1,000 bags of Native Cevlon, at auction, wvere disposed of at and after sale at a rednction of 6d. per cut., the latter at 52s. to 53s. for good ordinary to fuie, and 51s. for ordinary. Privately, in the early part of the weel, a cargo of 2,250 bags of Santos was disposed of at 47h. for a near port. RIc.-5,500 bags of Madras were, w ith the exception of the damaged portion, withdrawn at 15s., and 1,365 bags of Bengal at lBis. CocmxsawL.-IOG bags of Honduras silver, in public sale to-day, went off at rather easier prices; lowv foxy qualities at 3s. 5d. per pound, being nearly Id. cheaper; and smal ordinary silver to good bold, 3s. 6d, to 3s. lOd. per pound.
CORN TRADE. CORPi.EXICHAGE, FmrmAr, T,AY . 4, Although the arrivals have iereased, they -re not considered extensive; but the grain trade generally rules heavy. iith fc.v trausactions. Oats form the only exception, and have brought ii some cases rather higher prices.
3EWTROPOLITAN CATTLE-MlARKET, Jran. 4. The tradeto-day was generaflyrather slower than on Monday last. hutices were about the same, exocept for Yeal,%which was 2d1 per stona
"KNonYo NEw imiDa Tig Su."-The following piece of foreign intelligence, dated Marclh, 1772, shows how ittle the design of Russia have varied in the last S0 years: -"Waraw, Mlarch 14.-Since the arrival of twvo couriers at the Russian Ambassador's house here the news of a peace seems to be vanished, and there is an appearance that this objectisnotsofaradvanced as vehad wished. AforeigunCourt seems much inclined to favour a peace, but the propositions of Russia are somwowhat difficult to accept. According to the' preliminaries, Moldavia and Wallachia were to be restored to the Turks; the Tartars of the Crimea and their neighbours were to be declared a free peoe c, exempt from all protection, and their fortresses not to be occupied by foreign troops; Turkey vas to pay Russia for the expenses of the. war $80,000,000, of Lyons; but Russia will not accept these preliminaries, and hbth sent Lieutenant-General Elmntwith a body of 1%OO0 men, which, joined to that of General Romanius, who is near Slonim, Breze, and Pinsk, will reinforce the Russian army considerably. Poland is also comDrised in these preliminaries - the confederacy is to cease for the future its operations; the nation to hold a free Diet, unrestrained by any foreign troops; and the Government of the Republic is to be regulated and established on a lasting foundation." SERious Sron=TG Accx=Nsu.-An accident of a very serions nature occurred on Wednesday last to Captain Cornwall, while on a visit at the seat of Colonel Master, at Knoll-park, near' BristoL The captain vas coursing on the lands of Major Peach in company with a number of gentle-men, and when at Tockington-park-farmP, near there, the horse he was riding bein very restive, he rode it at a rather furious rate roud one or two of the fields, wheni, on passing a kate which was partly open, tho animal, being at the time gomg at a smart pace, swerved and endeavoured to ps through it, when it came in contact with the post, which was knocked down by the force of the concussion and the unfortunate gentleman -was thrown, the horse falling and rolling over upon him. Assistance was immediately, procured, and Captain Cornwall was carr-ied to the fanrhouse in an insensible stnte and put to-bed, wvhere Mr. Charles Powvell and Mfr. Edwvard Crossmuan, surgeons, were quickly in attendance, and ordered restorativesto be applied; which-was done without much effect. The captain wvas for somehours in an insensible state atthe farm, wheice he could not be removed, the, medical gentlemen bein' of opinion that, among his other injuries, concussion oF the brain was occasioned by the accident. STANGE BIBDS-AnOng the gama shot. in the covers of the Earl of Stamford, at Enville, on the 19th ult., was a very remarkable and handsome bird, bred between the black game and the pheasant, resembling more-the former than the latter bird, and weighing nearly 41b h very ifne specimnen of- the bittern (totaem-ssteltaris) -was thot on the sanie day. - Th6 Carolina and Widgeon duck have bred together ilt the pleasure-grotnds ofE1villehall the'young bei- hatched in a tree (characteristi of theCaroahuno duck&). Eh~is is-th Lnlg rnstnneelown~intbisc6iintry) the produce being, lorEunatelv, twroducks and tWo drakes the latter ntow cominlg into brilitant plumage,
BAILWAYAND MINNIG S'HES. Friiay Evinng.- The railway-market was rather fir-me,towdards the close, but the operations generally were not extensive. A few purcfases in the later hours created increased confidence among the dealers. Australian land and banking shaxes vwere steady, v,ithmoderate transactions. City Bank were quoted 62 to 64, and Bank of London 57 to 59; -for Canada Land there were transactions at 125, 123, and 124, and the final quotation was J20 to 125 ecx. div. Crystal Palace were finally marked 2 to 2}.
THE xAusTIoN OF THE LhrDn Smrvioxs.-We called attention last week to the gradual exhaustion of the searices. We were, however, scarcely aware of the extent to which this exhaustion had been suffered to proceed. Nlot only is the civil service of Bengal comparatively inadequate to its duties, but its strengthhas been positively diminished. liot only is an increase of the umcovenanted most urgently required, but there is an actual numerical decrease to be replaced. Both departments are at present uable not simpl to spare men, to organize new offices, or to iniMarte uiprovemnent, but to cope lith the ordinary daily Work. There are divisions wvhich have been governed by magistrates, and are nowv re-attached to the central station. N\ot only are kkaa in1etlols fanned out, to the injury both of Government and people, from w ant of men, but there are scarcely su3fficient to collect the ordinary revesnue. Wfe -will make this clear. There are now some 230 civil servants attached to the Lower Provinces. This number allows agparently of five civilians in every district, and 25 for Me non-reg,>ation provinceps and exceptional appointments. The appearance, however, is delusive. Of the total number 15 are engrossed by the Governuent of India; 12 more are taken from the ordinary vork of the country as secretaries, under-secretaries, conuissioners, assistant-cornmissioners, and holders of offices comnected with education; 19 are absent on furlough, besides 13 seniors on sick leave, specil duties, or private affairs, and thus 107 only remain available for actual service. 130, we believe, of these are required for offices, judgeships, conmissionerships, and collectorships, which cannot be left vacant, and cannot be filled in any other way. 37 remain, and of these, according to the Directory, 11 are absent on sickl leave, and two are specialy employed. Even of the remaining 24 the majority are merelystudentseither incoUege or at Cutcherry. There are actualy but 11 experienced covenanted assistants-11 men to do all the subordinate but important work; in 41 districts and three provinces, to divide the police duties of zialhs unmanageable from their sie, or to lighten the labours of collectors with districts as large as Scotland. As for newv works, they must be thrown aside. The separation of judicial from revenue duties is simply impossible. There are no men who, as registrars of the courts, might receive that lengthened training deemed to be so essential Everybody must do eveiything, and be thankful if he gets anythin" done properly. the administration must stumble along as it best can, over-weighting the willing horse, crsinp, its ablest servants wsith unreasonable work, and leaing everyting except the need of the hour undone. ow is the evil to be helped ? The Government of Bengal is not to blamne, for it would gladly find rwork for a two-fold number. The Government of India is not to blame, for there is no apparent reluctance to proide for the ants of the State. The only men in fault are those at home who, in a timid dread of expenditure puxt off the evil day, try every possible palliative, and postpone the great refonu so imperatively required. Meanwhile the people suffer. The abolition of a subdivision, a joint magistracy, or deputy collectorship, seemas a very trifling affair. Yet those three words, over wMich the official pen can run so easily, have a somewhat grave meaning to the people they affect. They signify that a population larger than that of Suffolk is to be deprived of the means of obainingiustice; *that over a district as large as Rutlamdshire, there shall be no one agent to administer justice, to control the police, to perform al those functions which are necessary to maintain order among even Asiatics. The subdivision in which we live contamin more souls than Sufflolk Imagine Suffolk stripped by a line in the -Gaide of every court, of every magistrate, of everyone competent to fine a rufflian for striking his neighbour or his wife. Let every man in the county be referred in every case, murder or slander, arson or pocketpicking, rape, or petty larceny, to London. Yet the furthest corner of Suflolk is practically nearer the metropolis than the neost remote thaunab of Serampore is to Hoogidy. dnd why should Serampore be exempted any more than dirisions infinitely more troublesome in linagepore or TipperahT In Dinagepore, so far as we can discover, there is no justice at all, -and simplyforwantof men. Whatisonemantodoin a district the area of which is larer than YorLshire and its population is greater than that of Denmark ? It is useless to tura to the uncovenanted service, native or European. That is equally exhausted. While the number of subdivWsions las increased from 25 to 38, the number of uncovenanted officers in the judicial and revenue departments has been decreased by two. It was 117 in 1836, and is 115 in 1855, and even of the lesser number several are teoaporarily employed u]pon the railway. Every new division created of course increases the disparity between the men and the work to be accomplished, and more divisions are rgently required. *M3oreover, as we remarked last weel, there is no margin left for students. The moment a muan is appointed he must be employed, and often in positions where he is practically independent. Can anything be more permanently injurious to our rule than the appointment of a young man wholly inexperienced to the managmeut of a district swarmig with Ferazees ? Yet the district must be managed somehow, and, if every experienced man is already in a position which cannot be Ie tvacant, whatis to be done? The new selection must lean his trade, and confine himself as strictly as possible to routine, to the permannut-deteriorationof his efficiency. -M-Tere is no-time) to be lost. It-7Viil be. Eix :earsbefore -the-new men,' whether covenanted or uncovenanted, can be brougt fairly into play, and meanwrhile it will reqiure no smal abSility to prevent faflas from- co7ini t*i s' deadloclk The moment it becomes physically impossible to fill unpregulsrappointments, the system of rudnainisteubien ruusb break;
RAiL WA Y IKTELLIGENCE. I- RATIWAY-TRAFMC. ILhe following are the receipts of railways for the pas IWeek:- e au appears 'mm toe puDUsnee traljc retu'ns of railways ia the united kingdorm for the year 1855, that the receipts amniounted to 20,243,3151. on 7,700 miles qf railwray. The receipts for the year 1854 amounted to 18,M1,8551., showing an increase of 1,701,460!. In addition to the published trffic returns, there are other traffic recepts on several new and old railways, vhich are not published-either weekly or monthly, and for which an estimate of the traffic for the latterhalf of the year had to be made. The total length of those lines is 548 miles and the amount of traffic upora them fortheyearabout8SO,OOO. IThis sum added t4 the above shows the total receipts on railways in theunited kingdom for last year to have been 21,123,3151. on 8,240 miles of railway, being at the rate of 2,5671. per mile. -The cost on constmetion, working stock, and so forth, amonnted to 291,903,0001., being at the rate of 35,4251l per mile. Ths total receipts on railways in 1854, including those on the lines of companies who do not publish their traffic returns weekly or monthly, amounted to 2),000,525?. on 8,02Smilee of railway, showing an increase of 1,122,7901., or 561 per cent., in the receipts, and 2-64 per cent. in the mileage. The increase of traffic in 1854 over 1853 was 2,080,OOI., or about 11 per cent. NWothing can be more sitisfactory thanE the increase of traffic on railways, and wefe it not for the unwarrantable increase of expenditure on capital account the railways, on thc whole, .wouid now be paying abo ut 6 per cent. per annum, instead of about 31 per centf., as at present, which is in fact anincreaseuiponthe average of formeryearg ofht least half per cent. Had the capital intrusted to ail. way directors been judiciously expended on railways in the united kingdom, and had their interests been7involved in the successful result of dividend-paying lines, asi in France, in. stead of in the outlay of capital, there would probably be no better property now than railways. The following shows the progressive nature of the trafflc:-The increase of traffic on railwavs in the *united kIngdom in the year 1843 over that of the preceding year amounted to 500,8741.; in 1844 to 76$,3371.; in 1845 to 1,058,342?. ; in IM6 to 1,020,6501.; in 1847 to 1,285,7971. ; in 1848 to 1,109,3351.; in 1849 to 9S0,80l. ; in 1850 to 1,744,1611.; in 1851 to 1809,9231. ; in 1852 to 520,4001.; in 1853 to 2,040,2201.; in 1S54 to 2,080,000!. ; and in 1855 to, 1,122,790?., notwithstading the depression of trade. The traffic receipts, in fact, increased year aft2r year from 1S42, wlhen they were about 4,342,000?., to 21,1220001. in 1855. The expenditure on capital account likewise increased from 53,000,0001. in July, 1842, to! 292,000,0001. in July, 1855,-the increase in the traffic for the year being 16,780,000?., and in the capital expended 239,000,0001. The average cost of the rail-ays per mile was in 1842, 34,6901.; in 1843, 36,360!.; in 144, 35 ,670!.; in 1845, 35,0701.; in 1846, 31,8600.; in 1847, 31,790!.; ia 184, 34,2341.; in 1849, 35,2141.; in 1850, 35,223.M; in ISS1, 35,0581.; in 1852, 34,030l.; in 1853, 35,101'.; in 1854, 35,0141.; and in 1855, 35,420/. ;;so that, notvithstanding the construction of thousands . of miles of comparatively cheap lines, the average cost par mile has not been decreased. The traffic receipts per mile per annum averaged iEl 1492, 3,118?. per 'mile; in 1843, 3,085!. ; in 1844, 3,278?.; in 1845, 3,409l. ; in 1846, 3,305/. ; in 1847, 2,8701. ; in 1848, 2,5561.; in 1849, 2,302l.; in 1850, 2,29l. ; in 1851, 2,283?.; in 1852, 2,238?.; in 1853, 2,471?. ; in 1854, 2,604?.; and in 1855, 2,06SI. per mile. From this it appears that, by closing the capital account, and attending to the natural increase of traffic the augmented receipts would, at the end of a few years, admit of respectable dividends on railways generally but, nnfortanately for the shareholders, the closing of capItal accounts is looked upon as an impossibility by railway directors and others connected with railway companies.
A Dom c Cm.4N=Y..-A occurrence of a. amusing, but at the same time rather an alarming character, took place on Friday afternoon last at the residence of bfr. W. Carter, builder, of Reading. On that day M.rs. Carter had made 13 plum-puddings as a provision for tha festivties of Christmas. After tying them carefully np in basins she put them into the copper, intending to give then a good boiling. In the evening -something rendered it necessary for her to leave home, and themnanagement of the nuddings vas confided to the servant, Nith directions to -eep a slow fire under the copper. The girl,however, thinking probably the more the water boiled the sooner the puddings would be done, made up a brisk fire, without -eeping up a supply of water, whcn in a short space of tme evaporated. Of course, it -was not long before the copper got red hot, and on Mdr. -Cartei (who had been absent all day) retuning home, and going into the washhouse to see how matters wer'e progressing, he -as much alarmed at finding the lid of the cop- er in a blaze. To seize a bucketful of water and dash it on the fire was the work of a few seconds, but it was attendedwith a result httle e.xpected. The copperburst with a tremendous noise, forcing the briclkwork in which it was set completely out, and Mr. Carter himself was hmrled some feet a-.- by the concussion. He qnicekly recovered his presence of mind, and, there being a plentiful supply of water, the fire was got under without dong any further damage. An investigation into the condition of the puddings was then commenced, and, sad to tell, mothing could be found of them; some cracked and broken basins and halfburnt pieces of pudding-cloths were all that could be identified asshaving aw few bouts before formned pait of the contents of the copper. -The puddings themselvesi were, in'fact, completely-anmhlaflted, doubtless to the no smal disappointment of many ex;pectant atom wbs.-Readiag 3terca, . ACCIDEN T ON TX RUJGBY AN IE [ 6NTO2 RAL wAy.-An alarming accident,whichlthreatendd serious consequences, occurred on this line of railwar oun Tuesday last. It appears that the train which leaves 1lsgbY at I D prn. ws run into at Burbury station by a coal train that was following it. The passenger train had just left the station. when the coal train, running at full speed, dashed into it, mashing the guardxscls gage van ta atoms- The guard fortenxatel had presence of mind eipough to jump out, therehy sustaining -lite in , the l contained in the wan flving about in all directions. We regret to t eern that the stoker of the coal train has received severe -ijurie3; the &iiver jumped off and escaped wmiinjure& t3Tht of the pas-. sengers 'were-severelyshaken, and several sustained injurieeP No doubt,great neglect andivwant of caution are attrihutabie to soine of the. company's servants, and doubtless the a;!ki will benully investigAed by them.-Ba nbnry Gucardif I fAdvertisement.I-4iss Envanagh's Ntew WoAk.-.JnSt .publisihed&inlva10.Bbosbund, "' hie Gray."a tale b1iavuassim "aris Kavuh baa msc hime,al ii tbja Ke. We pier it to her 'nlhale and i0 = uttractive Pathey ;TObwerveT. "~A wa- tt nsory fulloYDlfe, a~. o:O<aseuntert. e.nd abomSibkiis ei= s aaYenture.7-IoL ebe ntteutiaa is sivettedby tbenner inrshich tbe events are de2cr3bed and the ssraat3sy awYkenedb1tbe genveili cths,rsdaiwo-lt forrxd.Y-Sun. Asoiest'ubli& s O:d Cour, Suburb' l, L -tsiiue.t Elj. BeW"ud ediu.2 o., 21. HUt and SaSelit. pnSsijft>, succeasc to eury VIbWD 1 Sreat MalbDrOuVa- pe"
ZVAVAA, P.RZE MONEY. (rrom the JAn qo75 Oazaet, of Friday, Jan. 4.) NOICE OF INTENDED DisnuBmon oF or A-VAL PRIZr Depaitmenit oetho Accountant-General of the Navy, Admiralty. Somnerset House, Jan. 3. Noticei.- hereeby givei to the officers, seamen, andmarinee, and lto a!l persoas interested therein, that the diatribnusn of -ozce&s .arising from the P.ussian brig Alexander, C.,, don thc 1h of Apil 184, by Her 'Majesty's ship 7riHnu, irill cotninenlce on Thursday, the 17tlh of January, 185, inff:le prize Iranch of the department of "the Accrciit'ant-Cen.ensl of thle Navy, Adiralty, Somerset Ir-:se."' A;enits an4 cthers persons, holding powers of attorney, prize onirdeas ssignments, or other instruments, by virtue of which they mnny be lega.?ly entitled to claim the share of sty ca r 'se-in', inl the above-n.amned ship, are requested to prrrnt' tlhe Sallls at this office. Any o.cer, seaman, marline, or other person, who may e°* to rece-ire his abase fromn the Collector of Customs or of Tunhn Revenme witlhin the united kingdom, is required to imtimna'tele s.iC.-.e by letter, to be addressed "On Prize B lnsiess, totlhe Seeretary of the Admiralty, London"-in v.-i-ch ietter his own place of residence is to be precisely tatcd, as *:ell as the place of the nearest Collector of Custa , or of In,lanld Revenue, froma whom it would be conve- nivente' to receive suchl slmre of pqrize money. Th1e felo'ring^ .are thle sihares due to an individual in the rP :PrlN . cla . _
TIElf SHILLINGS REWARD.-BUNCH of KEYS LLOST, between Wimpole-etrect. Oxford-stceetk and Torrington. sqrLre. Whoever will bring the sane to the post-oMoo, ill, Great 0a0-bos.treet, shallreceve the abov,e rward ?I1HISA.&7LO.PERU~V1m 3OND~HOLDERS' .x OOMMITJEE havingsas an advertwmemnt inthe daiLvpapers of the 1it instant (and repe"Ktbthisday)signed by Mr. Itichd,. Thornton, as "Chairman of the Anslo-PeryuvianBondholders' Cora. mnticee, 1inlk It right thus piebli to recall to thm recollection of the Bondhbolders tbat at a Generail Meting conyenedl by Mr. Thornton himself, sand held ealth Urandon Tavern. ou the lths of January, ISIS, thle Bondholers, tby smasimous reolutions deprivinj; Mr. Thornton and his collegaues o allcontrol ovrer their affairs, appointed thisl ConsMuttee in their stead, and thst the members of uri Conanittec, on teadering their resignation at *150 last- General Meeting of the Bondioe edat thLondon Taysam ot the 7th of Augus last, were WTLT,IAM SOTIOLEFED, M.P., Chairmnan. THOS. OMOON, Deputy Chairman. COmrnrntteeRoomn. ,.1 Throgmiorton-strrs,t. January 4. 1I5. F~EBTO!ECADOR.Tho Conmmission of Agency Z~ o theEcutormn Dbt request a 3MEETIG, of the holders of Ecuaosin Boda,at te Lndon Tavern, on Monday, the 7th Instant, at1odocpcec~tyforthe purpose of takiing the necessary stc-rs to obtan te iserionin he fficial Idst of the Committee of the Stock. Exchnge f th Conolidted cuatcianBond andProvisional ~TI(2ORA GOERNENTDEBENITURES.- V 5,Canon-ow,WesLnsinzter~, Jan. 1, 185.-Notica is hereby gvnthttheIN RFT due on thie 1st of January. IBM. on the Vlebcntures issued by the Government of Victoria for the Water Works' Loan is now PAYABLE at this oMfiee EDWARD BARNARD, Agent-General for Crown (Jolonies. N-V SOUTHWAE GOVERNMIENT DEBEN- .' UE,isedes under authority of act of Council. the 18th of Victoria, No. 40, with principal sad interest payable at the ottice of the Colonial Agency, London, or, at the option of the purchaser, in SyrneAr reemable after the expiration of dveyearafrom thedateof the Bonds, and bearing interest at the rate of 3j,rdtper cent. per d:em (,C4 Its. 108)d. per annum). pmayable half-yearly, on te lst of Januua7 and tho Ist of July, at the office of the Government Ageney.Are bmittence of the abure DEBENTURES, dated in Mlay and Jly last having been made to London for SALE, offers for the purrhase of the game miay be made to J. IL Spurling and Son, stockbrokers. 12. Coptball-court, London, at a price not lower than 91 whirls wfi yield about 6~,per cet,.per annum to the purchas~er. The Brnds are in amountsof £100 each, and bear interest from day to day In the same mauner as Exchequer bills. J)UTCH.pnuisb ortuguseoc, American, and nil ~n COP4NS,due st ofJanuay, l-i are now bein PAD, t te ghet raes.on resntaionat our office. Also) drashis rantd onPari andthe rincpalcontinental cit:es.- SA2rIYELandMONTGU,Bullon erchntsand Foreiga Bankers, PEERGE.BARONETAGE AG,&C..fr16(6h year). Thle new rdIition theougiyrvisl. n nw rady Wiittkerand Co.. AveMdaria-lane; andal boksllrsin oiaor country.- ~~RAD EGLIS I)ERACOAI'A?NY con- sitigofth olo ing ceebat-ied rtissMr. Jellls Hlathand, tis O'cloce undei r. th eruberintnce l ofr.Ds Mr. Edwredrckat rounge and redu.cord prconductori, lihe,t r Lias flowrrmnillaperboxem, ton homldy. Tpersoay. and Wednesayfo calt Geronexterand on thursaday Firda, oaer Snatuprdascat th oald Old- boels, Bon3rs, galterdian, A ndIaraes. wilt, ples.; ddrboes this. fimnrsticaircslto 2r. IL. Burer. cie,eai agnt 231,r Dow-stfreaet,Lodonort Mr.da Hex. Cod,9 Thatre evrydi loesler.a or C 'cltenak.-HSF NIG atralTE GTF,T GU 'ROYAL,wihth 6inlWzado DtRYLA E-Lessceu, Stag ehbthsmhanky-pankytricg Mnagiser,b Mr. hrls. J -mr,(hiwssMth r. Robobthlier,T ltby,-Themplogetopenu a6ls; fro~im 1 Tilo co'clok underit the gucrnteondenc ofh smr. Edardtom atesbyn.-L thenredue pnLuricaledsesuatso this elte r stfollowPishaete boxes to-i heo wo apearsos tits.r6.1 (dit. or ac persi-onaetr) ond puithgrand getieroe tlerra proseniu anDdL sIDDLe h ore,£ Hs; alleruies Sd GItEATGUN 'IRICH i whichthe Or thealFieald of the lt aycef willexhbithis ank-paky tick, asistd bf las anJ3 o-temrIbis Tococlirowit th grad codo Cristas pn'tomteigae, bytiE. al, Bisnehad, Roe. winch tornmany ee pasth has benaologe the prolensve nd nrialld rsoucesof his ssoblisargen andepes hich gesivetite o HE DIDLEDIDLkNE: or, Hfarlequin Ging tonensle anf the Seve Agesno Ma. The sCenerns.o etirel Gnoew Scentest bye anunder nthe suprintenence ofe Car. oiftae Deceoncy anodalltanious- ThetwoHarrietGo-in. Signor VrTnianDecfherreauth Mz,fu-ekr 2 ni the tfirstirains. Mdam Bolo and -oafeC arles; tHentwo Vaitll.ns Me any. TeannranDelJhson;;Cmaae fti theatw Haryp'riteD ttua' cn Ihe rthrElittIrtertioClofthe Chate-iDolen FandisTom Matthews. Prisneipalnd ArernMses;Fnincs Wrgh, assste by Mralders, TbeSrede, Frmmenlsuces of the Grneat Paentoe of the Field of the aloth oGofd ihtlurday.a AGIrand Pa l iM by Mitls b ProfeHorneana carsOdc tha Geat Wizano the Grndorth.dor conclude wiathau thegrand,t ntioal, chistmln, andfthivoalric paSntoie,.whech has beoen olong in propaatond, and on., tmaHeorodcine of wIquelso large an expen.Se has ITheAouade yfte Faield of y Clothe o Golde , beings a Legend ofr bysr.geitiam f h M-onrcha. Scene 1ary Theen Cavirs of Thore.GenoeDrl nrawfnenasion S Hatreaaqunsai tnncs, Ai r. J.Bw luaohn,Ne'Wl.- Eernes2 (the Lrandsatlrntic pnomnrimisth)h; Cro thbie, Dragons;m G11eod Cleown, the Hnaret Geroro. SceneI AptheoDeck of the Geat Hary,for.dekr.118gus thefistEng-lish ndane-of-War);nenry otewAlart.VScner4 The onteTriornofThe ChroateauofFranish the between ouif e Vandu by tenneis;o Francisory . Doom Soape eat hlf-aStr dem i-meonse Mr. H.C7e.See. The Foifi snwopn neldo the Cloeti of Geld, OReludy- GrandPtte bosrees bwihmy lissb Ema' orne andth picrpsad hballef. cE3 ne 6. GandIonidr. ind ths. Chate au,leadng toa th piedchmbrofte -.,.d;mMonearct.rene 7U. The Outside oflerylOndtt' Farm;n Iunertrmte,Ms.-Notma. Po%7rs:rCAnuelrsotnMr U're ownt Sen 8 The bodeof ls Farymuengi the GodnGoe of rGo Humource ta tyhere willa bevereyM thresrtairyQen, Mof e rathomrne.Generat TSatrda-founariouHrand Mr.eC. Datrown;.Pazta2io'nuck A.d OnonGra(the TranatleroantceanofMaimct) ColuMbier ney, Ms Etr2anra on WdesAlar. nicors ea oeTr, ne. TeCrnto ihteCru ofEaor y N IGenius of rVictry.Do omressodien at hrlf-pacst. enmAeneeat.Te box-Se isnoioenhude the directiono TH oUTEfLMrS Ou'Sell.triataemboaes twhic Patmayals besctakea the piritJvnciale Vzllteahen t,£3sc lfsn,tansme ai cndnacs,oogrnd bafcony 10, ; upperL botes iith S. amhe hithleaTre salls in. phit, 31s.; glallery. Fe %ll re-n r H APrcomncs 0to roosrADErsPnIrePectfulyianounces tha thre illbe Monin Beresntaienof he aniconlstme.-Tht era 'dedamelay next,xt, Jan, comi rF~UEAT.E ROYL, HAYacceTs.oTHA1 EVNIG il h rsed cmpesedino heVe act. Onr adpEdtthprsnda,tecmy of THEST IA BENT UX'N ITEATALoAndon tHETII GRAOPPEL AEAST. Monday ThTee Hlore G'raind-emiand therPanormaime.Tues Day. ths , FiSatJurdaye Jn.igh1, warndt Santurdame will -echonldconatrDommeninir2,glck at 7 iohTrediLittlerTreasure, in which Miss lanche Pantes willreappear; cmruutinot areuithOnly A H alfen. Th eodonn Pherformane ofstireTMD.T Pantomimsewill is lc onightlrsctdabynext. Jan. 10,n Doortseoenesatchalf-a drss, smlcncditd mcaned ocludgesb 4 IT YAofLOPRNCESO' THEATRE.-Oncnsa year Det,fJane 9, willtbeH prformedI(for heofirstntimethis. Deasmn) the pragedy. of b HMET. amet hrDMr., ChrlsRon Sandionia Galophuridvcte 2C-t (bein a Juvhen yR.ile Nrglb,Th N uetwerof-Toledo; L2 ierra'e ix Coc . Wbse;6ircres Medamf Ccleske,t7.e r WrgtiW's- PBecKS Evaynd htU-SiIS, EtVaNiNG.no DOMETC sad thegreatl suceIs.ful brlesuppead comi PEARSNtm e ofd JACK ishDsgtH itEAn.SAK ConrordHarldequinched Mhother GooAlse a H_orndworin Jackand Harlequnin,oadme tCDeleele; MDothrGoose DiUsof Charle. Dis Wmusrc.O Mnaynexd al nhewbt comic dushlla,eD:%led Urgnt Forivate Arlleles.p; N(EW ONGD TEThe FUGReALSucEss, vofdHAb- T LEQUI OWLAC u-ic b JSUEEE RY IL . ARING, pOn Meondy JfItlan. .anadaptatb iogngof Dickenstr of. Holly batife Inn, as sEASnThih r Harr the anPIPHNYb o teThear EPyal.AdNYri veth Uniakisatdmtatpea rinceheo 23 nd the Pantotmime Alo h Stalr,osf IfseSt.lehm1Pis.,an 2s lIaG. tm 6 Jee.1.Lecfod 1,soo LOndo nda ATLYSCHOOLYLAMPHITHEATRe. Three barsnGrpaned Morning i PerormaneosuTis th y, Jadrn. the teatuerdaynd Jan,1;ad Pansater-ray, Janw1-endaet ach bomenc143 at 2e'lol. where YAlt the betP gongM of the season.i Sngightlyacedb Prauln KLiee;oorandtheImost wondierfl Dpantomi 2sts in tewrld. Twenty trCOs, and appointments Y ito W . B.so R AIownandthe ol PAIRE IDMf of the yeavHOrfImEd first tHI merreNIG Dctonrudn whisthmas Drama.c 2s.N 6.A ,byOURam moWNBsINESS,i aisres Naetifona Soprng aLvd.opricetI.. byd teDMe persalOnd a)nd Cotteliucs. ardanir, Gwalop,apriCe. 20,61, Published byt,. Iii,~en-te LYV ME IF IRLIVE.-MVRY. G.-A,id BECKETYS favn, ouritesONGfo, aneedition, pric 2US. iLsenow2s pulished byth Leaderan Cock,se 3. New Bonde-shee-Nt aLeend ner d roP-teaet. S e NraEWeBOOKSl andCo MUSIC ae-e"traeicontof2 -J.aY 4.1 inth BRIsE.aesupiEdAy EARSO and SON. The oeihepagat, oq withi, Coumngtryorer feptceth samewbeso Cuc day.mns, forag freuBook bya pomste Id. everyhealfei, rand ored. 11 eut t'Y . R HUNDREDTEMERNC SONGS, frCntautoc Henry ussell fo MLa shilling, anid, s;ad the H0 /b onpe an Peateuln fess oro tla an=d Eorngliush etngand Pricel. igthribea2ifrioly liesh tote titeI. Jh Shivepherd, Old ond-tewgl-st, weeandsotcher end. Co.le, co.Mportimar-aybet.ortidero.lmsmles Is. 6.1; Duet, 3a 6.1 Beautifully Muhstmted. The sevenLth edition in ready. Cramer, Beale, and Co., 201, Regent-stret; andI everymustcselle inthek-ingriom, E'ITAT a WON4DERFUL DAN the POSTMIAN W IS,-Nev song, the POSTn'si KNOCK. By W. T. WRICIETON. Fin-ely Busteated in Colours. 2s,Sd. Also, therPostman's Knock Quaduiles,byStephen Glover. lPano solo, Ia. ;duel, .4s London, RobertCocks and Col., NewBorlington-street,mesie publsher to their.Majesties Queen Victoria and she Emperor Napoleon 1M. (NHALESMACKY'sNEW- SONG, JOHN the office, 192, Highest Holborn.d FI~W HUNREDSTEEL ENGRAVIENGS from .1. nnuas, fe 7, bd hAitifurl plate5, auitable fersemaltooki, tdi. Eropan cenry160 Ito. PLAes by Flndeas and otherv, en large Iro,~Ife 8CO,ussaeu cidiep,Se. entfree oii receipt eCpet.ece e~cr JA~3lL~2ILD6 pu lae, U Btskail THI1 10F ,1a,TFG-,- mTHATRE ROYAI., DRURBY-LAE Lessee, Mr. E. T. Smlith. TIlTS EVEINI1G, THXE G31EAT GUNh TRICK. Cracters by Mese. C.Matew J. Rosers, Tilbury, Templeton, and Idis W ad TGNm. To conclude with HEY DIDDLE DIDDLE; or. Harequn King Nonsenae and the Seven Ages of Mau, TEMATPE ROYAL, COVENT-GAD3:h- lessee. Mr. J. H. Anderson. THIS EV NG AGI adMYSTERY: byl'rofessorAnderaso the Great Wi2ard of the North. Tolconcluded wi& YE BELLE ALLIANCE; or. Harleqin Good Humour and ye Fielde of ye Clothe of Golde. THEATRE ROYAl., HAYMAItKEi. Under the Management of Mr. Buckatone, ITHIS EVENhG, THE BEAUXC STRATAGEM. Bvy h%ess c Buckstone, Howe, Cwipe dale, oer . Villiers, &c. 4Misses Reynolds. Swanborugb, BeLa Copeland, Mrs Poynter, e. To conclude with THE B FLY'S BALL ANhD THE G - HOPPERS EAST; or, Harlequin and the Genius of Spring. ROYAL PRtNCESSS THEATRE Under the Mlanagement of Mr. Charlea KdanL THIS EVENING will be presentedTHE CORSICAN BROTHERS Fabien and lonis de Franchi Mir C. Iean. To conclude with IADLBEQUIN A.ND THE h'AIb iAD THE MAGPIE; or, Tho Fairy Paradi6a and HankyPanky the Enchanter. ,' THiEATBE }:OYAl., ADELPHIL ~~>ropdeieor. M1r.B. Webster; DiretcesMadameCeleete. ES ENINlG w,ill be presented MYhISTIC ECONOMY. Jobn Grumly, Mr. Wright 'Joey, Misa Stoker; -r Shackles. Mis KCatelKell,y; Mrs. Grumly itliss W dham. After which, MOTHIER Ale]) CBiII.D ARtE DOIIeG w T1S, To conclude with JACKS AND TPiE BEAN Sl'ALKQ; or, Htarlequin and MotherGoose atHomeAgain. = ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. Lessee, Mr. Alfred Wigan. ' TRIS EVENI3G, THEI JEALOUS WIFE-Mr. Alfred Wian M.r. Stirling. And a new fairy extravaganza, THE DISCRYEIM PRINCESS; or, The Three Glass Distaffs. Mes. F. Robson, Enery, Danvers, IL Cooper, White. Clifton, &c.; Mdlles. Juiha St. George, Marston, Ternan, Maskell S'ephens, Ac. Commence at'J past 7. *1MYATRE ROYAL., SADLER'S-WELLS. V. Z" .Cnder the Management of Mr. Phelps TAIS EVENING will be presented A MIDSI I _ N rGurS DREAM. Characters by Messrs. phd a, H. Mareton, Lunt, F. Ro Belford, Ba, Barrett, and L. Ball; MLses Atkdnson, hburne, J. Blarton. ,. Traverm. B. Edonin. and C. Farkes. To conclude with HlARLEQUIIN AND PUSS IN BOOTS. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. u ' 2Lesees. Messrs. Shepherd and Creswick. THIS EVENIG wffll be presented THIEFL.WER GIRL To conclude with A rBn= OF PEARLS ;^[or, Elarlequin and Jane Shore4.~-jQ I" . sSTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE. Ressee and Manager, Mr. W. Cooke. THIS EVENIING will be presented ROOKWOOD: or, Turpin's Ride to York. Afterbwhicb, the Scenes in the Arena. To conclude with HARLEQUIN AND ST. GEORGE AND THE DRAGON; or, The Seven Championsof Cristendom. TO CORRESPOSDENTS. ()ur readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5ld. is the priCe of a eopy with the i1npressed stamp aiixed.zInder the amEenlded regullationls of the _<,>ost-ofiThe (No. 00) ETh1e Times is transmissible ; by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. NO notice can be taken of anonymous communications. , Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by:,the name and address of the writer; not necessarily 'foz publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. 'Wo'cannot undertake to returux rejected communications. , The publication of Tns TLvm3 commenced'a; S oSclock yesterday _ morning, and finished at a quarter.to<9. .R
LONYDON, SATUADAY,EJANUARY 5, 18;G. The influences of the present war upon the trade of this country are confined to a few simple elements of easy calculation. WVe are not in a deadly strife of a quarter of a century's duration with our, nearest neighbour. Our merchantmen are not watched by privateers as they leave port, nor is privateering a regLilar branch of home enterprise. We have not to contend with Mlilan decrees. Ve are not madly resolved to obtain an important import from no other place than a few islands caled our own, all Europe being equally resolved we shall not obtain it even from them. We are not waging war at once with the eneny and with ourselves, and try-n whether peace or war shall do us most harm. In other respects there is all the difference in the world between 1815 and 1855. The injuries inflicted by war upon trade are now the demands on the mbney and labour markets, the restriction apon our means of expenditure, the irregular employment of shipping, the excessive consumption of certain matelials, and the lumnatural impetus given to a few manufactmues. Nevertheless, there is not a branch of manufacture or commerce which is not more or less affected by war, so entire is the sympathy which pervades the commercial system. On the whole, the wonder is that trade has suffered so little. Our manufacturers, perhaps the least warlike portion of the community, have been cautious even to excess, and have limited production to the lowest possible rate. Our' merchants have been equally cautious. In every article it is observed that the stock on hand is unusualy small, and there is hardly a branch of trade, if one, in which we are not told that the ensuing year promises better than the last. At all events-and even in the case of great disasters by war, and with the certainty of an immense and uncontrollable expenditure,--we have not the further aggravation of a great conimercial crisis hanging over our heads, and ready to fall, like an avalanche, at the first disturbance of the air. Enterprise, indeed, must depend upon credit, which iB but another name for commercial opinion, of all opinions the most sensitive and precarious. But we may at least congratulate ourselves that, as the war has gone on, the confidence of the country in its resources and credit has rather increased than otherwise. In the iron trade we are told, " the past year' "has been another of undoubted prosperity in this "important branch of our national industry." Strangely enough, the trade has been affected by the war in contradictory ways at the same time. The price of iron has risen at once with the improved prospects of peace, the lightening of the money-market, and the heavy consumption for war matirel. The shipments to America have decreased, and those to France proportionally increased, since the commencement of the war. The present price is high; the stock is smaller than it has been for many years; and from the great seat of the iron shipbuilding trade, on the Clyde, we are told that a greater amount of tonnage has been built and launched in this than in any previous year. Contrasted with the great fluctuations of a material which serves aliLe the uses of peace and of war, and which makes at will either the rail or the cannon, " the wool trade," it is stated, "has been characterized by comparative. steadi"ness." With the uncertain feeling produced by war, in addition to dear food and dear money, the leading features have been great caution and a desire to avoid distant engagements. The result is that stocks of wool and manufactured goods are now remarkably light, and the general state of the woollen and worsted trades is undeniably sound. The exports of manufactured woollens have somewhat declined, and some branches of the home trade have been depressed ; but on the whole this department of industry has been better sustained than might have been expected, and any diminution has been more than compensated by the immense demnand for army clothing, which has absorbed large quantities of middle and low kinds of wood, both at home and on the continent. Passing on to Manchester manufacthres, we find much the same story. Considering all things, the present position of the market cannot but be regarded as remarkable, and as affording conclusive testimony in favour of the soundness of business trasactions. The stocks of the general and staple productions of the district were seldom lower, even in the seasons of greatest activity and enterprise. Most of the manifacturers and spi:'ners are under contracts for some time to come. The past year may not have been profitable, but the caution which has limited enterprise is now having its .due efieCtj sad the tufachre, cma lookl into the dark future of the ensuing year with even less distrust than usual. In linseed, now so needful to British industry, a complete revolution has been effected by the war. Not only the range of prices but the sources of supply are altogether different from former years. The blockade of the southern Russian ports, not being "1 neu" tralized" like that in the Baltic, has effectually kept out the supply from that quarter, and given a corresponding encouragement to that from our East Indian dependencies. Indeed, could we be certain that this state of things was likely to last long, it is believed that India could meet almost any araount of orders that might be sent out. Thus far, as might be expected, the total importation is leshby lOO,OOOquarterstthan in 1854, and 300,000 quarterslessthanthatof 1853; while the re-export has been larger than ever before. The fluctuations have been considerable. If Russia continues obstinate she seems likely to risk this importlunt trade altogether, as India is becoming every year more capable of producing and conveying any quantity of linseed our manufacturers can require. The shipping trade appears to have undergone less fluctuation than in many ye-sm of peace. At the beginning of the war there was an immense demand for large steamers, and the packet and. postal serv-ices were deranged in consequence; but, happily, the transport service has been reduced to something like method, and fewer ships answer the purpose. On the strength of the unusual demand last year, the shipbuilding trade has made a great start, and it is only to be hoped that employment will be found for it. The nurmber of iron vessels is rapidly increasing. In the Clyde, we are told, it is rare to see a vessel building of wood; on the Tyne, also, iron is the prevailing materiall; the Liverpool shipbuilders are turning their attention this way, as are even the leading shipbuilders at Siuiderland. The application of the small auxiliary screw to full-rigged vessels having now been successfully tested, before many years the trade to Australia, India, and China will probably be cairied on wvith this description of vesseL The carrying trade has had some unexpected encouragement in the conveyance of rice from India, the unusual crops of sugar from Demerara and the principal islands, and guano and nitrate of soda hfom the Pacific, as well as from the present extraordinary traffic with Turkey and the Crimea. The Americans have come in for their share of profits from the war; and with this, as well as large crops of cotton and grain, are doing very well, though our own exports to the States have fallen very low. After four years' trial of the act of 1851 ouir shipbuilders are forced to confess that the repeal of the Navigation Laws has agreeably surprised them. Not only do they beat all their rivals in America and the Baltic, from whom so much was feared, but Sweden and Norway have found it necessary, from the position of their owvn merchants, to annul their own restrictions on the use of British shipping, and we are actually beating the Scandinavian shipbuilders in their own ports. We are building ships for all the world; screw steamers are in the greatest demand, and even second-hand ships seldom appear in the market. The prospects of the trade are still improving, even at a time when the American shipbuilders are suffering an unaccountable depression. No doubt this difference is owing to the greater variety of the purposes for which our shipping is wanted, and to our better command of the European trade; but the most sanguine emancipator of British navigation and shipbuilding could hardly have ventured to prophesy that in four years we should distance all the world.
We find in the columns of a morning contemporary an article fiom a semi-official Washington paper reflecting, with the coarseness and inconsistency but too common to American journali3m, on the conduct of the English press, and of fel Times in particular. Of course, to our contemporary, wvhose own connexion with our daily literature is becoming so very slight as apparently to deprive him of all espit de corps, any amoumt of abuse of the press is acceptable, provided the principal portion of it be directed against a more fortunate competitor, and the abuse be levelled with equal impartiality at the English people. In this view we are very much disposed to concur. It is not the mission of a daily newspaper, nor is it possible for it, to be very far adv.anced beyond the times in which it exists. The philosopher whose intellect has penetrated to truth hidden from the eyes of his generation must content himself with the tardy justice of a late posterity, and not seek or hope to influence the thoughts or feelings of his contemporaries. The press may lead public opinion, but it can only be by faithfully and honestly reflecting it. It is its identity with the people who read it that gives a newspaper its power. It need not flatter or fawn on its readers, but, if it means to have any influence, it must hold the thoughts and speak the language of the most sensible and enlightened practical men of its age.' The American journal in seeking to disparage us pays us the very highest compliment when it tells us we have been admirably successful in reflecting the opinions and feelings of the people of England. To do this, and to make an honest iise of such influence as complete sympathy alone could give us, are our highest honour, and we gladly accept the testimony of an enemy to the fact. To be sure, ourAmerican contemporary thinks that for a journal to represent the feelings of the great mass of the Euglish is in the highest degree disgraceful, because that nation is conceited, clannish, obstinate, ficl;e, pugnacious, cowardly, haughty, insolent, vain, and opinionated -a character which our contemporary, who copies it with approbation into his columns, is no doubt ready to endorse. But, humble as may be our ambition, we are well content to be neither wiser nor better, provided we be neither weaker nor worse, than the great body of -our countrymen. We believe that, with their full share of faults and weaknesses, the people of England are neither cowardly nor capricious, that they respect individual liberty and the law by which alone that liberty can be secured, and that they have so much nobleness in their nature that they will not for long be led or influenced by anything base or unprincipled. We hold the same opinion with regard to the thinking and settled portion of the American community, and because we hold that opinion we have ventured to reason with them in aUl candour, plainness, and earnestness. We have ventured to point out to them that the nation is represented by a press and an Executive which do it injustice in the eyes of foreign nations, and must tend to lower it in its own, unless it be content to abase its standard of right and wrong, of wisdom and folly, to the level of its foolish instructors and blind guides. We have pointed out to the great American nation that each party seems to rival the other in the abuse of England-a topic apparently always popular with the dregs of the town populations, to whom electioneering eloquence is ordinarily addressed. The same tone is crught up by officers of the Government, and re-echoed by almost every newspaper that is published from one end to the other of the States. We have not identified-we have been careful in separating-the great Aneridan nation from the nmer and the -journalu ivh nsrepresent it; but we hMae ^ inly poted oit the er2 And the scandal, and in the furtherance of peace and amity eetween the two natiohs, in which we feel as deep an interest as any of the incendiaries of the press or the platform, we have entreated the nation, in which the power is vested, to provide itself with a more discreet and powerful Executive and a less licentious press. We did not suppose that in so doing we should conciliate either the press or the Gpvernment of America, but we did hope, and we hope stdll that we may arouse the American nation to the danger of, being represented by such a press and such a Government. In America, we are perfectly aware, both press and Government are estimated at their truLe, and not more than their true, value. The ravinmg of such persons as 1ilr. Attorney-General CUssIrG are treated with contempt, and the virulence of newspapers is regarded as the mere trick of men engaged in hot competition for an existence, which depends on pandering to the lowest passions of the populace. But Americans must remember that foreign nations do not see these things from the American point of view, and necessarily regard the relations of the Government and the press to the people as pretty nearly the same on the one as on the other side of the Atlantic. It is above all things desirable that the two nations should remain on terms of peace and amity, and we can answer for the people of England, whose opinion the Wasdti)gtoaL Union admits we faithfully represent, that they desire nothing more earnestly than to cultivate the most friendly relations wtith all the world, but especially with the United States. The quarrel will never come from our side, but it is qluite possible that those whom the American public suffers to misrepresent it with the pen and in the Cabinet may succeed in embroiling the Governments of the two nations to a degree and to an extent which may com-it their honour, and render an amicable solution impossible. The very men whom the enlightened American citizen avowedly despises and repudiates at home he may feel it impossible to disavow when they have compromised the honour of his country abroad. It is a favourite topic with those American newpapers which can never mention England except in terms of insult, to speak of the English press and Government as if their il-advised conduct blighted and repressed the feelings of goodwill which are ever readyto spring up in the American mind towards England. The Waslaington Ulniom waxes pathetic when it tells us how tender is the affection with which we should hare been regarded by the American press and its admirers if we could only have behaved ourselves mee'kly and decorously in the presence of a fondly attached, but susceptible nation. It maybe so, but facts would seem to justify a different conclusion. We have entered into a war the substantial justice of which no European Power has ventured to deny. From the American press we have met with nothing but abuse. Our reverses have been exaggerated, our successes denied, and falsehoods have been put forth on behalf of Russia in the American papers which, to doher justice, Russia has never had the effrontery to put forward in her own. We sought, unadvisedly as it has turned out, to recruit our armies in Canada; but the American Government, wvile conniving at the foundation by her citizens of piratical States in Central America, and hesitating -whether to receive their Anbassadors at its levees, has refused to be contented with our explanations, and pushed its demands of satisfaction for so trivial a matter to a point which the British Govelrlment has flatly refused to concede. We are accused of sowing the dragon's teeth. We are well aware that the great American democracy is little used to be approached with the language of plainness and sincerity; it is hard for truth to exist in the presence of absolute power, and the same law of human nature that gives the tyrant his sycophants gives to the populace its flatterers, misleaders, and demagogues. But it is better that the American people should hear the truth now than learn too late how miserably its interests have been tampered with, and how shamefully its delegated powers have been abused. We leave it tostump orators to prate of "the infant " HImRcULxs grown to manhood :" a'l we would say for ourselves is, that in the motives that dispose us to cultivate the most friendly relations with the United States weakness and timidity have no place.
A discussion of the events which have led to the fall of Kars may seem like the consultation of Mouxnss doctors as to what ought to have been done to save the dead man. The frontier fortress of Turkish Asiahas surrendered, and if the enemy make no further progress it is owing more to the nature of the country, the distance of the Russian resources, and the bitter cold of those desolate highlands, than to the presence of defenders. IouaRainrr may well declare that the Ottoman arm-y opposed to hin has ceased to exist. The troops under SELanx RAsH, despatched by the Ponr.T to the relief of the invested place, are safe in Erzeroum only because the Soghauli range of hiUls is at present almost impassable. Everyvhere. a spell has seemed to bind the efforts of the allies in the Asiatic war. That grievous faults have been committed is now evident. It is easy to say -what might have been done to save Kars and the country it commands, and, though some may urge that any observations made now are a criticism after the event, yet we shall not hesitate to discuss the subject, in the hope that by examiining the causes of former failure we may find the secret of future success. The maxim that what cannot be remedied ought to be forgotten does not certainly apply to the art of war. In no spirit of oensoriousness, then, we call attention to the fact that Oi. FAsEuL has fallen back on the coast, and now has his head-quarters at SuchumEKaleh. Thus ends the diversion which was to threaten the Russian possessions in Asia, and call ML ouRp&-%-r fiom Kars to defend Tiflis. It is now some weeks since we expressed an opinion that the valley of the Phasis and the ridges of Armenia were too distant from each other and too much disconnected as seats of war~ or an advance into Imeritia with a moderate. force to affect the fate of Kars. That judgment has been unfortunately verified. The small and ill-provided army of OAR PASsA, after being two months on the coast, could do little more than march to the Ingour. The combat on the banks of that strem was a briDiant affair, but the contest was already decided; a fortnight after the starving garrison of Kars laid down its anns, and nothing remained for the. Turlish General but to provide for his own safety. We know so little of the movements in this region that it is difficult to form any judgment of the causes which led immediately to his retreat. It is probable, however, that the Russians, with a larger and better army, were defending positions between Khoni and Kutais. 0A PAsHA also knew that the fall of Kars had freed the army of MorvErF, and that, although the mnarch of the Rusian General must be a work of great labour, anid perhaps impossible for his whole army, yet in six weeks from Generil WiamnLLs's suirender a Russian force might be in the cointry sufficient to destroy his own, if he lingered so far in the interior. A succemful asault and the capture of Kutais woudd hardly imnrove his position, for the place might be xuzroundA', no stck of provsions could be Ilaid in, the c q waa hostile) and in a short time Kutais must have fallen ke Ears. It was therefore but commIon prudence to lasten back to the coast, where a fortified positiolnU-will protect his army until the ensuing spring. It will then be seen how far it is capab1e of further operationz. We now learn that the PoTE S intent o0n devising means to check any Russian advance. The enemy's light troops may with the returing spring ravage the country up to the gates of :Erzeroun. Of course the trade, which, though not large according to English notions, is yet of great importance to tho East, is now at an end. Further conquest may be improbable, but yet the occupation of two provinces gives a high position to the CZAR. He is hardly likely to yield Kilia and Ismail without a struggle, when he has the frontiers of Persia and Turkey in his hands. It is said. that 10,000 men will be detached from the army of OmAX P.&sA and 'will concentrate at Trebizonde. Other troops will join them, and then it is promised that sometlhing shaU be done. Now, one thinig is perfectly clear-that we are just where we'w,dre a year since, except that we have lost Ears. All the obstacles to the last Asiatic campaign 1ill exist this year, the same difficulties must be overcome, the same country and the same milit plans must be studied. It is therefore wittieW to practical results that the failure of last year may be examined 'with advantage. The question was fully debated in our Constantinople correspondence on Thursday. It is plain that there were neglect and error, but opinions differ as to who were the most grilty. The chief responsibility at first sight falls on the Turkish Government; but -;ho can speak seriously of the Turkish Government on a military question? It is 'well Inown that for nearly two years the allies have directed the Ottoman armies as contingents to their own. They brought OAi. PAsHA fromn the Danube to the Crimea; they convoyed at a vast expense nearly 60,000 soldiers to Eup--toria; they hurried the Commander to and fro between that place and Eamiesch, as their own plans demanded. It was their counsels which the For.TE followed when, it commanded OLAR P&HS_&, in August, to advance for the defence of Ears.- The allies, therefore, must consider the failure at lEars as their own, just as much as they claim the victory at Sebastopol. There were, indecd, great excuses for their generals. A twelve. month since the war in the Crimea was a contest of which many despaired. We were in the midst of the calamities of the -winter, and tales of the hospitals and of the troopships were agitating every heart. At that time the great fault was committed. Eupatoria had been taken, and it was thought necessary to retain it at any cost. The Tulrs were accordingly sent there. General WinLIsius had gone to Asia to reorganize wihat had been once an army, and he anticipated important succours and brilliant operations. It was popularly said that no one would regret having attached himself to theAsiatic armyof 1855. So far aspersonal fame is concemed, this prophesy has proved true; but far different were the hopes witlh which it was uttered. The army of Anatolia was forgotten, both by statesmen and the public, intil Ears was invested. Even then the news fell on unheeding ears. We had just suffered the bloDdyrepulse of the Redan; three months of sapping necessary to final success had just begun. The greatness of the danger was unknown or disregarded, and, when it was resolved to act, all.action was vain. W We are now in a different postio3j. True, the Russians have gained a great advanitage, one which it would be folly to underestimate. They hold a place fortified by a British engineer on the newest principles of science. By its capture their left flank rests on a lofty mountain ridge 8,000 feet above the sea, and where, even in spite of recent events, we may say a winter campaign is impracticable. They can traverse and waste before an approaching enemy the whole neighbouring country. Their position in this region is probably the strongest that they hold at any spot likely to be the scene of war. On the other hand, we have no longer Sebastopol before us. Troops amounting to a large army may be detached from the vast assemblage now encamped in the Crimea. Then, indeed, though with care and forethought, the campaign may be attempted in which OMrAa PAsA has failed. A force of 60,000 mnen, wel supplied with transport, able, from their own supplies, to traverse a devastated country, and-with comnnanders skilful enough to ford defended rivers and breakl through fortified chains of hills, may, after no very long campaign,threaten Tiflis, and cause the Russian power in Asia to fear utter destruction. It may, perhaps, be difficult to carry on war with effect at once in the Crimea and Transcaucasia, but we have at least this advantage,-that we can choose our field, and strike the blow where it wiR be most keenly felt. Of allthings, however, an undecided course is the most dangerous. 'Unless the allie3 are resolute to send large and wel-equipped armies to Asia it is better that O(A PAswA should remain where he is. If we have other work to do in 1856, let Georgia wait till 1857. Let not the achievements of the present year be marred towards its close by another disaster like Ears, or another empty enterprise like the diversion in relief of it.
COURAT CIRCULA?. The Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred vrent to Londot yesterday, and abtended 3r. Faraday's lectures at the Royall Institution. Viscount and Viscountess Palmerston and Viscount ana Viscountess Hardinge arrived on a visit to the Queen. The following had the honour of dining with Her Majest in the evening-Viscount and ViscounteessPalmerston, Vis count and ViscoLuntersHardinge, Lady Coroline Bd rdingter, and Colonel thse Hon. C. B. Phimpps The band of the 2d idfe Guards played durmng dinner, and the Queen's priate hand afterw;ards perfonned in tli His Royal Highness the Prince went out hunting tlm mornin. Mr. Parkes, Her Najesty's Consul at Amoy, lately re. turnedfron a mission tothe King of Siam, had the honour of an audience of the Queen. Ameeting was held yesterday afternoon at the office of the Secretary of State for War; preseut-Viscount Palmerston, the Earl of Crendon. Lord Panmrre, Earl Granville, Sir Charles Wood, Sir E3dmond Lyons, !and V4scount Hardinge. Viscounts lalmerston and' Hai nga arrved in tovWn from Wmdsor Castle for the purpose of attending the meeting. Viscormt Palmerston nfterwards left London, and returned to Wmdsor Castle. Debpatches for the Gorerniors of the North American Pro. inaces were sent last evening from the Colornal-ofEce.
Coummr Con..-The licensed vicbualler3, generally much imposed upon byu utterers of hase coin, are uistnow being plunderedtoa great extent-with some pecu. Mrlywel1-made base half-crowns andilorins, which, beini electroplated uspon hard metal, present all the appearances of silver, ande ll withstand the usuclly-aelied-anop test oE bendinh in the detector. The spurious coinse -'re nots(as stated y a paragraph thich went the round of -tho nress some few wreeks back) made of iron; and therefoie the test of the magnet, then recommended, wrould, if used, only teed to mislead. These base coins are struck withl a die out of -German silver, then plated with silver, and can only be detected by an examination, wshen thqy will oe found in many small particulars to differ from genuine. oomn, ther being a general blunt coarseness of appearance about the n- pression. The features of the Queen, the letters of the inscription npon both sides, the engrailing or spots withir thle outer edge, 'wil at onice show that they axe rob genuine. The ring s alsovery dufl,lbut, bei-niweflelectr llotednwith silver, tey are at first sight wrell caacnlited to riasg with nothing more than a cumnry insdection. There is"also in circulation a vesy ingeni ously :i1rraned base sixpence. ThEs also is struck in German silver, repreetin a cong of someyears past. .Afterbeing struckiTt isrbbedawayuiaon both sides, to give the appearance of 'wear, and then eic&tro plated, thereby conveying the idea of it being silver ril through. As ib the cawe of tie other coins tludb to, j ansction and the ring w xpose the fraud. I sTOL SuGAr.-MAater, Friday, Jan. 4.-Thbf market opened very quietly yesterday after the Christla' lion in te brade, wighteh but littlTeee is *rn~ cof.plta <e, >or two pa30 oe=so@ rnaIy'bnIod as,
SEIC0 ND EDIO | " | N. THE TIMfES OFPICE, &SIrday 3Morning. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m. A good deal has been said about the propositions presented by the Emperor Francis Joseph to .Ussia, and accepted by Fraice and England. Until they are officiadly known, I may as well give you what is stated in the German Chancellelies in Paris, already alluded to, and Ihave reason to SIIspect that it is perhaps nearer the trnth than anything as yet published on the subject. With respect to the Danubian Principalities I amn assured that, as already stated, the complete abolition of the Iussman Protectorate is insisted upon. Russia is to have no exclusive right of protection, nor intervention, in the domestic affairs of the Principalities. It is demanded that the Principalities shall retain their privileges and immunities nuder the sutzetaineti of the Sultan, and that the Ottoman Porte, in concert with the contracting Powers, shall grant to the Principalities an internal organization according to the necessities and freely expressed wishes of the popuLition. In concert with the Sultanalso, as their itezeri,thePrincipalitieswill adopt a permanent defensive system, such asisrequiredbytheir geographical position, and no obstacle and no impediment shall be offered to them in their adoption of any extraordinary measures of defence they may require to enable them to resist aggression on the part of a foreign Power. In exchange for the fortified places and territory occulpied by the allied armies, Russia will be required to assent to a modification of her own frontier with Turkey in Europe. The frontier thus modified, conformable to the general interest, will commence from the neighbourhood of Chotyn, following the line of the mountains which extend in a south easterly direction, and terminating in the Lake Sasik. The line will be definitively regulated by the treaty of peace, and the ceded territory will be restored to the Principalities, and consequently to the suzerabLetf of the Porte. 'With respect to the Danube, the opening of that tiver .and its mouths will be effectually secured by regulations in which Eturope will have an interest, and in which the contracting Powers will be duly represented, excepting the portions belonginig to the Powers who have territory on its banks, -which will be regulated according to the principle established by the Congress of Vienna in matters relating to fluvial navigation. Each of the contracting Powers will have the right to maintain one or two small vessels of war at the months of the river, with the object of ensuring the execution of the regulations relative to the freedom of the Danube. The Black Sea will be made completely neutral. Its waters will be open to the merchant shipping of all nations, but ;ill be interdicted to war navies, and in order to make that neutralization a bond fide neutralization, the present military arsenals will be abated, and no ne-w ones hereafter created. The complete protection of the commercial and maritime interests of all nations wil be secured in the various ports of the Black Sea by regulations based on and in conformity with intemational right. The two Plowers possessing territory on the Black Sea will accept the engagement reciprocally to maintain therein no more than the number of light vessels, whose force shall be determined previously, necessary for thbigervice of their coasts respectively. It is also provided that such stipulation or convention as shal have been agreed to for that object will be appended to the general treaty. It will be previously submitted to the approval of the Powers who sign that treaty, and wil have the same force, and be in every respect considered as 'forming an integral part of that instrument. Those stipulations or convention forming part of the geneal treaty, and secured in the same manner, shall not be altered, modified, or cancelled without the previous assent of the Powers who sign the said general treaty. With respect to the closing of the Straits the exception wil be admitted as applicable to the Powers that possess territory on the shores of the Black Sea as alluded to in the precedinig article. The privileges, immulnities, and rights of the non-Mussulman subjects of the Porte wiU be confirmed, but witholut affecting the dignxity and the independence of His Majesty the Sultan; and, as I informed yon yesterday, Russia will, after the peace, be invited to take part with France, Engbad, and Austria, in all sulch deliberations as have for their object to secure to the non-Mussulman subjects of the Sultan their religious and political rights. In addition to the above the beUligerent Powers reserve to themselves the right to propose, in the general interest of Europe, special conditions besides the four guarantees. The representatives in Paris of some of the States of Germany, and perhaps one or two Russian residents, are said to be cognizant of the above. The Eame may perhaps be affimed of the Belgian Government. At all events it is believed that the foregoing is a fair summary of the famous Austrian propositions. I understand that the assurance was again,given to-day in an official quarter of the resoltution of this Government to carry on the war in the most vigotous manner in the event of Russia not acceding to the propositions adopted by the allies. It was re3eated at the same time that the Emperor Napoleon had no insatiable desire for war; on the contrary, he would feel as mnuch satisfaction as any one that the war should cease, but that he and the English Government were detennined not to abate one iota of the terms on which peace woulld be accepted, andthat if Russia still held out she would Soon see how two such Powers make war in the Baltic. It was not denied that there was still a glimmer of hope of peace, but yet ad. mitted that the glimmer was very faint indeed. This does not differ in anyrespect from what I have more than once described as the disposition of the French Government, btt it is no harm to repeat it each time that counter-statements appear in the Russian press of Belgium and Germany. Of the result of Count Esterhazy's mission to St. Petersburg we know nothing positive as yet, nor do I believe wecan know anythingbefore the 10th or 12th instant. There are many rumours, but it is not worth while, indeed it would be waste of time lo occupy you with them, as they can only be founded on the merest conjectires. In some of the German Chancelleries in Paris it is said that the despatch sent by Count George Esterhazy of the disposition of the King of Prussia to support the Austrian pro positions at St. Peters'ourg led to conclusions far too favourable and exaggerated; and that the Count disappeared soon after from Berlin, and it is aupposed proceeded to Vienna to set his Govern- mnent right on the matter, and it is feared to considerably reduce the importance which had unintentionally or otherwise been attached to the promise or engagement of the King. I mentioned in a former letter that it was feared that the intrigues of Russia had produced a certain effect on some of the German States not over pIeasing to the alies. I am now informed that the Ring Of Bavaria continues, as before, anxioLus for peace, but with restrictions, and he does not go beyond the acceptance by Russia 'of the foilw guarateea. IM. de Bettst remains faithful, 1oevevr, to the impremions with which he left Paris on his retLrn to Germaniy, and to those wlho reproaC'h him withl his clhange of opinion he alleges the military advantages the belligerent Powers have already obtained, 'and the satisfactory explanations given to him by the Emperor and the French Minister for Foreign Affairs. The resentment of Russia against Sweden is very great. She will never forget or forgive the allisice of that Government with France and England. We read in the Presse t'Grie77t, under date Sebastopol, 18th uit.:- " The Russians, encamped on the north of the bay, must feel rather umcomfortable, for they have not one-half of the little conveniences we enjoy. As far as we can judge, with the aid of telescopes, their installation is most deficient and incomplete, and their suipply of wood very insufflcient, for we frequently see numbers of their men seeking fuel amid the brushwood of Inkermann and on the sites of some rained houses close to the bay. They have become of late more sparing of their gunpowder and projectiles. Seeing that we never respond to their provocations, they fire less frequently; nevertheless, when they perceive a horseman or a pedestrian, they eaimot resist the temptation, and salute him vith a cannon b.all or a shell. We have remarked for some days corsiderable movement in the Russian eamp, from which it is inferred that Prince Gortschakoff mnst have received reinforcements. The mworks intended to blow up the docks are nearly temlinated. An officer of the Engineers told me thic day before yesterdaythat eight chambers were ready for the purpose, but not yet loaded. The destruction of these gigantic workshwil not be the least curious episode of the great drama wre have been acting here for upw-ards of a year. You have seen Sebastopol in its splendonr, dressed out in all its warlike finery; you have seen it after the gth of September, when you must have observed a great change in its decoration, but what will it be when the explosion of the mines takes place? I visited some days ago the Sardinian Camp, -where we have manyfriends. I found our brave comrades in an excellent condition. Their General-in-Chief pays every attention to the -welfare of his troops, and they wil get over the winter as comfortably as it is pozsible in the Climea. The soldier., ration has been for thelastthree weels modificd as followms: -Bread, 750 granmmes; biscuit, 755 grammes, every second day; fresh meat, 300 grammes, Snnday, Tuesday, and Thursday; salt beef, 240 gr3nmes, on Monday and Fr5day; pork, 240 granunes on Wednesday and Saturday; rice, 120 grammes on Sunday, Tlesday,and Saturday; Italian paste, 80 grammes, on Wednesday and Saturday; dryvegetables, 40 grammes, on Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday; cheese, 50 grammes, on Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday ; bacon, 15 gramnmes, on Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday; salt, 17 grammes, daily; pepper, A grammne, ditto; coffee, 16 grammes, ditto; sugar, 21 grammes, ditto; wine, 25 centilitres, ditto. This r egizes is excellent, and themen derive great benefit from it. The number of sick is quite insignificant. Fresh meat is very agreeable to the soldiers. This is not, however, a mere question of taste, but they are all persuaded that this food is extremely vholesome. They do not relish salt provisions; riglht or wrong, they regard themn as unhealtly; few of the men eat their whole rations, and some of 'hem do not taste it. Physicians vainly assure them that two distributionls of salt meat weekdy are not injiurions to health-they cannot conquerthe aversion of the soldier for that article. Cattle were beginning to be scarce in the Sardinian camp, and the intendant had been obliged to apply to the English coninissariat for a number of oxen." The Cozti-ier de Muarseille, of the 3d instant, publishes tIhe following letter, dated Suez, 19th ult. "The International Commissioners sent to survey the lne of the projected canal across the Isthmus of Suez arrived here on the 16th, after a journey in 'Upper Egypt, wlhere the Viceroy had requested thema to study the best I sYstem of irrigation for thatcountry and Middle Egypt. Their report on that question is already in the Viceroys hands. The day of their arrival the Commissioners visited our roadstead, and employed the whole of the 17th, 18th, and 19th in taking soundings in the Gulf, where the moles of the canal are to be constructed. They marked out several points, and palticularly the sites of three rocks, .situate about two leagues from the extremity of the bay, and at an equal distance from both banks. Those rocks are well known to the seainen, and present no impediment to navigation. According to the observations made, and the facts ascertained on board the English corvette stationed for the last three years in the Gulf, at the distance of 8 kilometres from the town, the roadstead of Suez may be considered one of the safest in the World. The anchorage is excellent, and oil no occasion did the corvette sustain the least damage in its waters. The north winds which prevail there nearly the whole year, and those from the south, which scarcely tlast two months, are not sufficiently violent to endanger navigation, and the captain of the corvette declared that, durin, the three years his vessel remained there, the communications with the shore had not been olnce interrupted by bad weather. The same cannot be said of many roads. The Commissioners visited to day the quarries of Attaka, three leagues to the south-west of the towvn, which are to s upply the stone necessary for the works of art of the Canal. They are shortly to leave for Pelusium, crossing the Isthmus frone soulth to north, and there is every reason to believe that they will have completed their exploration in the first days of 1856. Soundings are being prosecuted in the meantime (on the Isthmls) along the line of the fuature canal, and hitherto the results described in the Prcds0srei-raux, vhich the Commisioners have begun to examine on the spot, continue to be most satisfactory." l,etters from Tilsil of the 2d inst. anMounce the arsnival of General Alphonse della Maarmora in that capital on the 1st. The Government had placed a special train at his disposal, biut the General refused to accept it. Madame della Marmorawent to Genoa to meet her husband. The MIinisters and a great number of Deputies assembled at the station to welcome the Commander-in-Chief of the Sardinian army in the Crimea. General dellaMarmora was only to remain a couple of days in Tuils, to receive instructions from his Government, being simunoned to Paris to a_sist at tlle council of war, which is to be held in the French capital. In consequence of the necessity of his immediate depart,re, the banquet which Was to have been offered him by the Deputies is postponed until his return. The Emperor yesterday received a private letter from Prince Adalbert of Bavaria, brother of the King, and also the reply of the Grand Duke of Saxe Weinmar to the letters recalling the Prince de Latour d.'Auvergne from his post of French M1inister Plenipotentiary at the Court of W%Veimar. The Emperor, accompanied by M1f. Lefuel, th6 architect, yesterday afternoon - isited the new works at the Lourte. His Mfajesty examined in succession the Pavillon dc Rohan, the wing of the Ministries, the gardens, the return wing on the side of the Picture Gallery, and the Pavillon de Lesdiguieres. The Prefect of Police has issued a decree for the reoiganisation of the inspectors of the butchers' trade. These inspectors were previously appointed by the Prefect, on the recommendation of the butchelrs themselves, but this practice is to be henceforth discontinued, and they are to be appointed direct by the Prefect. Their number is increased from eight to 15, and they are to receive a salay from the Prefecture, commencing from the 1st inst. They are placed under the immediate orders of the Inspector-General of the Markets. The duties of the inspectors are-1. To see to the exe- cution of the regulations and decrees relating to the butchers' trade, particularly those relating to the tax on meat, and ts report on any infractions of the same. 2. To examine the natmue, quaEty, and kind of meat exhibited in the slaughter-houses, markets, and butchlers' slops. 3. To inspect, as often as possible, the meat sent by contractors to the Hotel of the Invalides, the Military School, and the barTacks of Paris, intrta and eatrac mirsos and 4. To superintend the driving of cattle on the roads and their distribution in the markets and slaughter-houses. The attributions which they formerly possessed relating to the private intere,sts of the trade are maintainecl; but any observations which the syndics of the butchers may have to ma}e on the subject are to be addressed to the inspector-general of the markets. A letter frona Rome, of the 22d ult., says " Prince Alexander Torlonia is now engaged in carxying out the intentions of his deceased brother, Prince Charles Torlonia, w ho before his death had given an order for a superb altar for the church of Notre Dame at Boulogne-- sur-Ver. This altar wl be unique of its kind in Prance. There wil be wsed ink its oonstction some of the rarest antique marbles, beautiful agates, &c. The table of the altar will be suppDrted by a rowv of small colnmns of Eastern alabaster, between wvhiclh will be fine mosaics executed by the most distinguished artists, and representing our Saviour and the four Evangelists-the firstnamed pointing with his left hand to the ehalice wh-1ich he holds in his right. The steps of the altar will be also ornamented with mosaic3 and precious stones. The tabernaele will be a model in petto of the triumphal arch of Constantine, on the Roman forum near the Coliseumi." The following telegraphic despatches have beent received:- el NsUDP , 2d.-Some capitalists of Madrid have proposed to the Government the creation of a National Crelit Bank. A report which has been current that the Spanish Cabinet intended to introduce civil marriage into the lavs of the country is unfounded." "C 3LADPID, 3d.-The Cortes have adopted the budgets of the Presidency of the Council, of Foreign Affairs, and of the Colonies. Mlarshal O'Donnell, who was yesterday rather worse, is to-day again better." The lTonitcur gives the following account of the late expedition of the French troops to the southern districts of Algeria - "The columns whicli left Biskra, Boucaada, Laghontat, and G 6rpille, at the end of November last, to proceed through the districts of the south, have succewsfully accomplished their mission, and are now on their march to return to their respective quarters. General Devaux, wlso left Biskra at the head of the columni furnished by the sub-division of Batna, after having successively encamped at the Oned-Rirez, Sidi-Salek-el-Faidh, Bandia, .fonia-Tadja, Thaieb, and El-Bir-el-Arab, arrived on the 5th of December lat Doila, in tle Oned-Son, where he met with the most friendly reception. Thence lie went to El-Oued, where he remainied two dals to settle the affairs of the country; and on the 14th he fonned a junction with the colunsn of Commandant Pein, which had shortly before started from Boucaada. On the 15th the united columns arrived at Tuggurt, and at the date of the last accounts the Oned-Souf and the Ouea-li'ir enjoyed tlte most perfect tranquility. The column from Laghouat was on the 17th Lit. at Guerara; the troops were in exceUlent health, and | the state of the comutrv was as satisfactory as possible. Captain de Colomb, -who command, the district of G6ryville, left Brezira on the 17th of November, with the Rhalifa SiHaras, and arrived at Negou9a on theiS0tlh. He remained there two days to rest Isis horses and camels, whicl were much fatigued from traversing the high grounds which separate Methli fromi the Oasis of Onargla. On the 1st ult. the Agha Si-Zoiibir came to the camp with the gonius of the Chambaas and the djemaas of Onargla ; and on the 2d of December Cap'ain de Colomb reached Onargla, where his mission was completely successful. Ile vas to leave that place onm the 12th to retssm to GcryviUe. Colonel Costalin was on the 6thI at Bon-Semyhoum, and, althongh everything was quiet in that quarter, he will not leave that part of the cointrr uitil the return of Captain de Colorib, whlose movement ihe covers. The column of the south-west left Ain-ben-Rhehli on the 12th of December, and on the 14th, before reaching Sifsifa, Colonel dc Lascours received the djemaa of Ieli, who came to niake the submission of that tribe. On the same day tIme Achumous, who had not before submitted, sent a deputation to demand the Aman, and their example induced the Raid of Iaghar Foukani to send his son to signify his frielndly intentions towvards the French. After nmaking a short stay at Sifsifa, the coluin arrived on the 16th at Ain-Sefra. Scouts lho had been sent to Figuig report that the new Cherif has been driven from that oasis, and has taken refuge ansong the OuedDjeris. All these accounts, which are of the 16thi, prove how weL the tranquillity of the south-west is secured by the presence of our troops. In Morocco, on tile contrary, the unfortunate inhabitants are agitated by distuirbances, vliich, in appearing to become more and niore serious every day, form a striking contrast w.ith the situation of the tribes of Algeria." A new exchange of prisoners between the French and Russians took place recentlyat Odessa. Among the French prisoners given uip were thunee officers of the Vautour, who were captured, it may be remembered, some time ago by the Cossacks -whilst out shooting in the neighbourhood of Miiburn. The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the veek ending on the 29th uilt. wvere 899,511f., or 126,453f. more than during the corresponding week of 1854. The g,ross receipts since the 1st of January amounted to 52,497,00,f., being a difference in favour of 1855 of 8,549,500f. The Three per. Cents. closed to-day at 63f. 65c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 91£ G0c. ; and the New Loan at 64f. 45c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,130f.; Great Worthern, 887f. 50c.; Strasburg, 882f. 50c.; New shares, 745f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,130f. ; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,255f.; Western of France, 7,50f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 685f. ; Great Central of France, 572f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 675f. ; Bank of Credit MIobilier, 1,320f.; Austrian railways, 723f. I 7aC. Cour-s Athentique.-PA.Rus, Jan. 4.-Cash Prices.-Four. and-a-Half per Cents. (not reuinbursable for 10 years), 91f. 25c. 50c. 40c. * ditto secondI Loan of 1855 (30 er cent. paid), 92f.; ditto Certificates (30 per cent. paid,, 92f. ; Three per |Cnts., 63f. 20c. 25c. S0c. 35c. 30c. 25c. 40c. 30c. * ditto first Loan of 1855 (0 per cent. paid), G6f. 23c. ; ditto second Loan of 1855 (30 per cent. paid),. 64f. 50c. 45c. 50c. 40c. ; ditto Certificateis (S0 per cent. paid), 64f. 50c. 45c. 50c. 40c. 45c.; Treasury Bonds, 5 per cent. to the end of Mlay; Bank of France, 3.,170f. 3,180f. 3.175f.; CrCdit Foncier, 522f. 50c.; ditto Obligations of 5Wf,, Four per Cents., 410f.; ditto Three perCents., 370f. ; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 97f. 50c.; Credit Slobilier, 1,307f. 50c. 1,310f. 1,320f. 1,322f. 50c. 1,317£. 50c. 1,320f. 1,325f. 1,S20f. ; Discount Bank, 610f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 86f. 50c. ; ditto Three per Cents., 53f.; Atustrman Five per Cents., 84- Belgian Loan, 1852, 100; ditto Four-and-a-Ralf per Cents., 93S4 ditto Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 53; IBonans, 82; Spanish Deferred Converted, 21: ditto Three per Cents., 38- ditto Interior Debt, 53.. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 25c.; three months, money, 24f. SOc. AUSTRIA. (FROM OUIR OW COBRR3POlrDEN-T.) VIENNA, JtS. 1. Political news there is none, but a few words must be said respecting a dinmer which Prince Gortschakoff a few days since gave to Baron Hess and other Austrian officers of the highest rank. Towards the end of the meal Prince Gortschakoff proposed the health of Baron Hess, and at the same time eprjessed his heartfelt satisfaction that there was such an excellent understanding between the Russian andAustiian armies. In a vord, theRussian Minister took an ungenerous advantage of his position as host, and insinuated that the political opinions of His Majesty's principal Generals did not coincide wvith those entertained 'oy His Majesty's Ministers. Baron Hess, who is a good diplomatist as well as a skilful officer, replied that he was greatly flattered by the compliments paid himn by the Prince, but took no notice whatever of the political part of his speech. Natulrally, a public correspondent cannot mention his sources of information, blut yoll may be perfectly sure that the Emperor expressed extreme indignation when he learnt that the Minister of a foreign Power had dared to hint that his army disapproved of his policy in the Eastern Qtiestion. The " demonstration" was intended to be against theEinister for Foreign Affairs, but Prince Gortschakoff overshot the mark, and forgot that the Emperor, asan absolute Monarch, directs the foreign policy of Alustria, and that Coount Buol merely obeys the instructions which he receives. No one can be better aware of the perfect correctness of this remark than M I. de Bourqueney and the Earl of Westmorland, for, to my certain knowledge, both of them more than once heard from the lips of the Austrian statesman, that he was only the interpreter of tlle will of his Imperial master. Colonel Mranteuffel, who was expected by the morning train from Dresden, has not yet arrived. At the sitting which was held yesterday by the Administrative Coiucil of the Credit Bank, Prince M Tax von FMrstenberg made a speech which will iow be given at length, as it is a kind of epitome of the history of the new institution:- " Gentlemen,-The Credit Bank for Commerce and Trade, the establishment of which was some time since sanctioted by his Imperial Royal Apostolic. Majesty, has become a reality, anid I take the liberty of saluting you as its representatives. We have received proofs of the confidence of the Government and the public in the landed proprietors, and it is for the institution to show that it appreciates and merits that confidence. To his Excelency Baron Bruck our gratitudeis due fothekindlyf .elirgwhich heonaloccions hasmanifestedtowardTstheinstitution. When, ayearago, the founders met in privite and dizussed the powsibility of eot.,. hliehing a Credit Bih, impediments, wiael aeea meet in-,mpirshile, pre3>nadt;hamu1ls. Thi finl. raUlization oW our project is mainly attributable to the energetic and judicious conduct of M. Louis von Haber, and in miy own and your names I now aeimowledge our obligation to hlim" His Highness then proposed Prince Schwarzenberg as President of the Company, and that nobleman, who is the largest landed proprietor in Bohernia, was elected by acclamation. I:n addition to the Financial Conumittee, of which mention was made yesterday, a Committee of Organization has been formed, whose duty it will be to propose the emnploygs and establish the bureaux of the Company. The Financial Committee will manage the ftnds of the Company, and for the momeint invest its capital in suCh a way that it can be had at a very short notice. No one is inclined to doubt that the shares wil bear a very high premi un before a year has elapsed. In consequence of the enormoous rise in the price of all the necessaries of life, the lower classes of Government clerks are in such exhtene distress that His Majesty has directed they shall either receive. temrporary assistance orhave thleir salaries augmented. The Xorth Stker was, if possible, more successful at the second than at the first representation. Their MhIajesties-were present on both occasions. Meyerbeer, who 'appears to be far from well, was obliged to appear some 20 times. MIay it be asked why his Kreodzfahrer (Crusaders) has entirely disappeared from the stage. A musical celebiity assures mne tllat it is more melodious than any of his other operas. Prince Gortschakoff and his suite declare that they fully expect to qiuit Viernna, but it vill be seen that they will linger here as long as they can find an excuse for doing so. The Kalisch correspondent of the Oesderreicihiscie ZeifUu-g, who is no bad aulthority in such matters, is of opinion that Russia will never accept such conditions as those weich have now been sent by this Goverinmeint to St. Petersburg. On the same auithority it may be stated that Omnar Pasha is not on the banks of the Rion, but belind the river Techur. TFTE STATE OF NAPLES. (rBosx otTn owv COSREOic r.) KNAPLES, DEC. 29. Every day has its wonder, and that of to-day is, that I. Brenier has wrought a nmiracle upon the Royal mind, and disposed it favourably to the allies. Such is the report wvich I have heard stated stron,gly in several directions, and by people who affect to be well informied. It is alded that the King will send a contingent to the Crimea*, and, lastly, it is asserted that the Emperor of Austria is contemplating a visit to this Court, and that a long series of splendid fetes is in prospect. I amivery sceptical of what I cannot see wit'n ny eyes and touch vwith my hand, and am disposed to think that the above reports want confirmation. I therefore send them to you as I heard them. Expectation is so highly wrouight on the subject of M. Brenier's mission, that I do not wonder at anything that is said of the results, and as to the contingent, the report of such a measure appears to nme to flow very naturally from the large levy of troops. It is an evident effort to explain a difficuilty. I believe, however, that my views of the reasons for the monster promotion, as also levy, are correct. With respect to the visit of the Eliperor of Austria I know nothing, but that orders have been given to h-igh Court officers to make preparations for fetes on a scale of great splendour. Of this there can be no doubt. The Court, too, are coming to Naples. Everything seems to indicate that -we are on the eve of great events. After having given you reports, and attempts at explanation of the grounds of them, let me now tell you what I have received as certain. That Mons. Brenier has expressed hinaself pleased with his reception by His Majesty, though baffled in his -wishes to treat directly with the Kinig. The Royal manner was verygracious. It is stated too that Mons. Brenier has every hope of accomplishing the object of his wishes, whatever they may be. The Frenclh Government steamer which brought him i is still here, and waits his orders to carry off results, or to seek for further instructions. IWe are ilt et'pectktiO1t, therefore, of a brighter state of things than we have witnessed for some time, at all events on the surface. * I have authority for stating that His Majesty has never been. asked to join the allies, and that if he does so it will be by his ownpropr-io 2notu. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FROM OUR OWN COR;RESPONDE}NTS.) SOUrTRIAPTON, SATURDAY MORNNeG. Arrived.-Wonder, steamer, from Jersey; Alarm, from Sunderland; Ann and Gertrude, from Newport. Sailed.-Florida, for Newport; Alliance, steamer, for Havre; Despatch, steamer, for Jersey. Wind S. LIVE OOIs SATURDAY MaObI-nG. Off.-Chancellor, from Newv Orleans-; Carmenta, from St. John's, New Brunswick ; ELiezer, from Santander. Sailed.-Cynosure, for New Orleans; Ripple and Vixen, for Gibraltar; America, steamer, for Bos-. ton; Princess Royal and Blondine, for Africa; Jessamine, Mantura, and Gazelle, for St. Mfichaers; Burlington, for Philadelphia; F:ank Pearce and Ashland, for New Orleans; Vision, for Eong;kong; Ivanhoe, for Calcutta; Lady Bruce, for Lima, Sebastopol, for Bombay. WVind S. ' !QUlEENSTOWN, J.4N. 3. Arrived.-Bierbocich, from Cailao; Costa du Priam, from Terceira. (Br 5UB5NR3TE A.NID BRtTIT 7mEGRAPH.) GRAVESEXND, SATURDAY, 10.10 A.M. Wind S. E., moderate; tide last houres flood. Arrived, January 4.-Halls, from Mogadore; Revenge, from St. Mtichaers. Sailed, January 5.-Westminster, for New Zealand. DEAI., SATURuDAY, 10 A.E. Wind S. by W., light, with raini. Passed.-E. D. B., from london, for Salcombe; Watchword, from London, for St. Michael's. Anchored.-Challenge, from London, for Cadiz. STOCK EXCHANGE. SATURDAY MOILSING, 11 O'CLOO. ConsolsforAccount (Jan. 10)... 87 to 87k ex div. Turkish Four per Cent. Scrip... 4 to 31 dis.
THB P-A CIFIC. SOUTHA-WTON, Jv. 4. By the Royal Miail steamship Tyne we receive our usual files of paners and despatches from the Pacific porbs. The Pacific Steam Navigation Company's steamer New Granada had arrived at Panama, with 33 passengers, $180,000 in treasure, and dates from Valparaiso, Nov. 15; Coquimbo, 16th; Cobija, 19th; Arica, 20th; CaIlao, 20th;Payta, 29th; and (uayaquil, 3ttth. A great quantity of gold had been discovered near Naciamento, 90 miles above Conception in southern Chili It is said that $10,00 vworth of theprecious metal was discovered by one man in 14 days. The Chilian correspondent of the Pananma Star and Hera Id thus describes the discovery- " The steamer Polynesian has arrived, bringing the news of an American named Brown having taken out $10,000 in 14 days from the diggings near Naciamento; that Talcahuano and Conception were in great excitement, the shop windows displaying signs ' Se compra Oro,' &c. " froni Quittola, some 3G miles distanee, news has just beenreceived of new gold discoveries, which has caused nmany to look that way for the 'roek.' 'therefore you can safely put us down for a gold country. llents appear to be advancing since the above newrs, and soon we hope fo advise you of young Sacramento, Sonora, &c." The following market report is extracted from the price-current of the Diario of the 14th of November:- " There have beenveryfew transactions of any importance during the past fortnight, the demand from the interior very small; some sales rnade for Bolivia. The only arrivals that have brought assortmentSs havebeen from England. Prints o; good patterns have obtained good prices, and con-. tinue *n demand. In German manufactures little has been done. Mixed shawls are very scarce and in demand. "Flour.-Sales have been limited to the consumption, and, notwithstandin" prices have declned someAwhat on account of the isl holders show for realizing their stock, the prize in small loin is $10 50. "Barley.-Prices have declined, and the article can be bought for $375. The sales are very limited. "Beans dul and abundant, and lower prices are being accepted. *Charqui, tallow, and grease, very scarce and high. "Wheat.-Some parcels have been disposed of at $2 25. Candeal is getting less scarce. " Saltpetre.-This article has risen, and cannotbe bought for 19 reals; for a parcel that is disposable 20 reals is asked. " Brazil Wood.-That of good quality is beginning to ge scarce. Inferior wood is very abundant. "Freights.-Brig Medium, Iquiqui to Antwerp, 41. 15s ship Amx Cheshire, ores, Huasco and Caldera to Swansea, s. 5s.; brig Pickwick, ores, Caldera to Liverpool, 41. 10s.; brig Caledonia, guano, Chiclhas to Great Britain, 41." The Republic of Bolivia had become peaceful, and' all the revolutionary movements have been successfully quelled. Genend Santa Cruz having asked permnission to return to Paris, it was granted, and his half-pay as Captain-General was conceded to him. From Peru we leara that the Convention was still in session, and many projects of law were beintg brought forward by the deputies. Among t-hem was one to suppress Free-masonry and prevent lodges from being held; another proposed that the Jesuits should be expelled, and the same day a counter bill was introduced to legalize their residence in the country. The most extraordinary and important proposition made is the project of law, introduced by Senor Roca, to sell the Chincha Islands. The followsing is a brief abstract of the law. The preamble states that, considerina c ano to be the chief source of revenue of the Repulic, and at the same time a terminable one, the nation had not derived the benefit from it to which it is entitled, while the present mode of sale was unsuited and expensive. Considering at the same time the iants of the nation-namely, to encourage iunigration, educate thsepeople, and irrigate the sterile coast lands, and that the interest of the National Debt in 25 years wil equal the principal, it is, therefore, desirable to realize the sale of the guano in a more prompt manner for the benefit of the national treasury. Considering further that, according to the best calculations, the present amount of guano is 12,070,152tons (Peruvian measurement), which may be reduced to, say, 11,670,152 tons by the time the sale was effected, and, lastly, that the net profit has not esceeded $30, &c., be it decreed that the guano on the Chincha Islands, say, 11,670,152 tons, be sold at pubElc uction, in nine months, at a price not less than $30 per ton, equal to s 850,104l560; the se to aike place under the management of a conmnittee of offlcials namedmi the bilL The regulations of the sale are next stated. The nation does not hold itself responsible for the amount of guano, and will allow no reclamation for a deficiency, nor seek it for a surplus. The law to be published in all languages, and circulated, through the Government representatives, in Europe, Asia and America. The money to be paid cash, or at least one-fourth of the sum, the remaining three-fourths at short dates. The money to be deposited in the 3ank of England to the credit of the nation, and appropriated in certain sums for the national good, &c. The foregoing, which is only a brief summary, contains the principal points of the proposed measure.
SEFNCE OF "DP4mi" UPONT A NAVAL OFFIcl. -We have elsewhere adverted to the lukewarmness on the part of the Admiralty in not trying an admiral and an hon. captain for a breach of the Articles of War. We will now show how differently an unfortunate Second Master has been treated. On the 11th of December a court-martial assembled on board the Valorous, in Kazatch Bay, to try Mr. Philip James Dennehy, Second Master, in charge of the Lynx despatch vessel, Lieutenant Commander C. M. Aynsley. Captain Buklde was President, and the members comprised some of the ablest captains in the squadron. Mr. Dennehy was charged with disobedience of orders, and with having been absent from his station while the Lynx was under fre of the enemy. The circumstances are altogether singular. Mr. Dennehy was Second Master of the Hannibal, but, under the impression that the Iynx would furmish him with better opportunities for distinguishing himself and of thus gaining his promotion, he solcited and obtained the appointment. He proved himself a most indefatgable officer, always up at 4 o'clock in the morning, and never leaving the deck until all the duties of the day had been fully performeL 'Under his care the Lynx became a pattern of good order, and the disciplne was unexceptionable. Some years rgo he served on the coast of Afiica in the Dolphin brgantie, and evinced much commendable gallantry in the rather trying actions with the natives at Lagos. His whole character seems to belie the implication that the conduct for which he was arraigned arose from the want of what is commonly called " pluck," yet were the charges declared proven, and he has been sentenced to death I The accusation arose out of circumstances at the reduction of BKinburn. Mr. Dennehy unquestionably was unwell-he was temporarily icapacitated from domg his duty, and was not on the deck when his services were in request. Some coolness had arisen in the mess, and it is possible that the evidence of the medical officer had the effect of giving a bad colour to the affair. Mr. Dennehy had been, it is said, nnwell thhe night previously, and was, in consequence, nervous and unfitted tor thetrygbusinessof the day. Inhisdefenceheadduced numerous firt-rate certificates, and from some excenlent officers. He could not refute the allegation and could only plead indisposition as the reason. lt may'be argued that, had he wished to. evade the consequences which he might have exPected to result from neglect of duty under such circumstances, he would have placed himself on the sick list; but he did not do that, and, therefore, had no right tobeoffidleck wn hewas. The Court hadno alternative. The Articles of War decree the punishmenthof death, and no other sentence CM ho Passed upon any one founa guilty of neglect of duty under such circumhstnces. Those lawv, whichv might almaost be termed Draconic, are the same thant were in force nearly two centuries ag, when witchea werte burt or drowned, anc all sorts of enomities Om- itted under the protechtion of the law. The Articles of War have thousands of times aced a a bar to justice; yet we lve ini the latter alf of the nineteenth century with our nav'al laws unreformedl I Every clamss ad denomination in the kidngdom, ex-cept the navy, is governed by laws which have unmdergonie careful revision. Tinobedience to the.Artitles of War a, man who is naturally as brave as a lion may, from some accidental cause, ho hianged, wrhile a clever coad wMl be a'ble to escape the punishment whiich is his due. The Court has no discretionary power, and, in consequence, the innocent may suffer while the guilty Altogether escapes. We think -it imnprobable that the sentence upo Mr. Denniehy has been, or will he, carried into efect. No one wfil believe him git f"oadc or dliaffection," although itisuhpiytuthte sulyo naeglect of duty unde upcoscrusacs eol naot have been the fe yucrd a he hesitated when making his firstesyudrfv;btlt him have another chace.Sholdho e fundtofinh asecndtime, lethim die he dath - TereAre sevreral isacsofofficers who mibequntl piedhonourmble distinction in the aeriMn,who,hadthgs~ fet eeaybeeni talen a3 a fxirtest5 woul~d
T1H WEST INDIA, HEXICA7N,: ANAD PACIFIC MAILS. SOUTRAMTON, Jr 4. By the toyal rmail steamship Tyio, Captain Valler, with the mails froir. the West Indies, Gulf of MexAco andPacific. we have datesfrnom- Tampico .,. Vera Cnu 1{avainh..*7 Graytwn... Carthagenra Jamaica P~orto Rlico ... Dec. 1 Demerara ... Dec. ID ... - 5 Trridlad ... ....- 101 , - 10 Barbado ca ... . ..- 32 ... - 3 Grenada ... .. - 10 ... 11 3Iartiniquo ... - is - 18 Ati,,ma .. ... - is ... - 1S St. Wfomases .. - Is lJle 'Iyne brings 5 passengers, among whom are Commander Colbrane, Surgeon Mostyn, and. Lieutenant Carter, of the 2d West India Regiment; on freight,$3,156,313 in specie, value--say, 631,00.: sterlng, of which $188,088 is from Tampico,. $427,320 from Vera Csz, $60,000 on account of thy Mlexican dividends, and $180,000 from the Paciflo ports. The specie received by this vessel weighs 80 tons. The cargo consists of 47 serons of cochineal, 19 serons of jalap, 95 cases of cigars, 313 bales of tobacco, 176 bags of cocoa, 110 bales of cbrxi, and a large cargo of sundries. The Tyne experienced strong winds and a heavy swell on leaving St. Thomas's. On the 22d of December the wind was from the west*vaxd, with mioderate and fine weather. On the 28th and 29th she experienced strong north-westerly breezes, witth heavy sweL, and on tne 30th exceedingly strong gales from the westward. The Plata arrived at St. Thomas's on the 15th of December in 12 days 15 hours from Southampton. The Wye steamship, with the mails from Jamaica, in consequence of heavy weather, did not arrive at St. Thomas's until the night of the 15th, -and the Tyne wMas accordingly detained. The hurried mianner in which the Tyne left St. Thomas's prevented outr usual Jamaica files fromi being transferred from the Wye, and the desfatches f rom that Island have not therefore comne tohnandv Her Iajesty's ship Medea, coning to St.. Thomas's for the Admiral's letters at Bermuda, wva detained some days in Antigua, in consequence oE meetingthere the United States' sloop of war Cyane, of 20 guns, which refused to salute the British fag_' The cause assig,ned by the Cyane as that an American subject (a slave) had been takea out of an American vessel at Antigua. The Medea left St Thomzas's for Bermlda on the 17th tult. The Cyane had reached St. Thomas's when the Tyne left. On the 3d inst., off Scilly, bearing N.E. 15 miles, the Tyne exchanged signals with the bark Olivia, from Jamaica, bound for London. The Cunard screw steamer Curlew had broken down, and was repairing at Bermuda. Gorernor JIlineks, of Barbadoes, was on board. The mall3 were sent express by a man-of-war from Bermuda, to Barbadoes. The ship Severn, with a cargo of coals for ths Peninsular and Oriental Cornpapsy, bound -to ths East Indies, had put into St. Thomas's in distress, an(d was discharging. From Demeram-we lean that the Court of Policy was in session. The New :Manner of Proceeding Bill, introduced by the Chief Justice, ha) been passed, and would come into operation on the 1st of AMay, suibject of course to the approval of Her 3Majesty. she charge of'the Lord Bish f the diocess had been delivered. The difficsl ie` of the keeping up of a staff of clergy were alluded to, an2 the whole of the diocess was regarded by the Bishop as essentially missionary. The schools tbrossghout the colony were stated to be less flourishing ThanL they were 12 years ago. In reference to the weather, state of the crops, and the business position of the colony the Ryepl (5aUe says,- Although we are in the middle of what in ordina years is considered the short miny season, the weather stil continues dry; and lhere are no indications of rain setting in If the weather does not break up on the change of the, moon, we may look forward to a oontmnuance of dry weather for another maonth at least. The Buck Indians who, have come dowei from the interior st-te that there wi!M be no rain for some months to come. They give several resons for coming to this concltuion. Ono is that, notv;ithstandingthe long continanace of dry weather w)lich ve, have already experienced, the creeks and rivers contimue full -a certain indication, say they, that, although there has een no rain on the coast, there must have bcen a.n abundance of it inthe mnterior of the continent and at the sources of the rivers. Another reason assigned by them is still mores curious. T'hey say that a flower which is never knowvn to blossom, except in seasons of excessive drought,is now infull' bloom. We hope they may prove to be false psophets, as the consequences v'll be very serious not orly to the planters, but to the inhabitants generally, who will be reduced to great privations for -want of fresh water ii! the dry weather continues much longer. The young canes will be stunted in their growvth, and the next year's crop vill be ruined. This is a cheerless prospect to look forward 'to, but we are not yet-without hope that a favourable chanr'e may shortly take place. The supply of rain water in ae city is getting very short, and people are beginning to lock up their vats and to economize their vater. " The sugar crop of 1E55 is now nearly gathered in, but ows some estates operations have been impeded and brougbt to a stand, for v;ant of -water to convey the canes to the buildings and to work the machinery. The rise in the price of sug,ar, the intelligence of X hich wvas brought out by the last mail, has raised tne drooping spirits of the planters, and thoseowho a few months ago were walking wilth downcast eyes, dream0ing of rain, now look up w,ith hopo, and cheerfully anticipate better timnes. "The exports from the colony duing the last fortnight have amounted to-Sugar, 4,165 hhds., 314 tierces, 40 hIftierces, 1,J07A barrels, 509 bags; ram, 2,271 puncheons, .;78 hids., 141 bairels; molasses, 75 barrels; cotton, 26 bales; coffee, 1 barrel; cocoanuts, 6,550; 20 tierces of foraign sugar; greenheart, 121 loegs, containing 7,500 feet * letterwood, 7 pieces; wallaba, 1 log; old copper, 10 casc ; old brass, 5 casks; oldlead, 10 kegsand9pieces; 1 box of ,ine. 0, these 268 hhbd, 7 tierces, and 39 barrels of sumar were exported to New York; amd 31 hhds., 10 tierces, 149 barrels sugar and S0 puncheons, 20 bhds., and 2 barres of rumn wee shipped to Bordeaux. "Business among the merchants is notso brisk as it usually is atthis period of the year; this slaCkness of trade is attnbutable in part to the high price of provisions at the present time andralsoto the increased number of coolieswhG are employeg upon the estates, and -who do not require so many IVr goods as the creole labourers or even the Aricai immigrants. 1rxovisions at present are double their usual pricc. " There is but little shipping in the port, and freight3 continue high." A MNr. Francis Burke, a gentleman from Montserrat, had arrived in British Guiana, and appliec to Government for a patent to protect an inventiont which he has discovered to separate and prephre in an efficient manner the fibres contained in the plantain, banana, aloe, and other vegetables, for various imanufacturing purposes. At 3arbadoes congratulatory addresses had been presented to Sir W. AL G. Colebrooke, Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the island, previous to his departure. The House of Assembly met on thfe 4th, nlt. At Grenada the legislative business of the sesiorL was opened on the 27th of November. In consequence of a difference Which existed in reference to the MIoney Bill for 1856, the H1ouse sent an address to the Executive, Draying for an adjoumrmnent -untl the 17th of FebruaIy. This not having :been granted, the House had refused to meet, and it was rumoured that his Excellency intended convening it by proclamation for the 18th of December. This., it was believed, would lead to a dissolution, srhiclz would be fraulght with great incontvenience to the public. The seather continued favourabie to the plantations, and some fine, seasonable showers had fallen. From Trinidad we learn that the crop of ugar which was makdng was unusually good. - At Porto Rico the cholera, after raging for some time about the outsldrts,had entered San Juan, and w;as colmmitti3ng great havoc amnong the inhabitants. Yellow fever was also existing at iartinique; The English sloop Egtna, whllich had arrivad at St. Thomas's from Cnragoa, reported the loss of the Am7erican bark Governor Von Oxhohma, wahich bad gone ashore on the rocks off B oaire, rhithet she wasbound with salt.
TVH FARB IX ITS RELATIONS W-ITH COMMERCE. No. I. TO THE EDITOR OF THIMThIES. Sir,-While public attention is engrossed alternately with the prospects of a new campaign and the territorial conditions of a peacev ith Russia, you .ill perh aps allow space for a eonsideration of the general results which have acerted to the trade and .avigation of Eulrope from a vrar involving not less the commltercial freedom than the political independence of the East. From the v artous statistical documernts wlhicil our own and the continental Governxnent3 have lately presented to the world I propose to show how thie Ottoman empire has steadily and appidly extended its commercial relations both in peace and in war-how the cessation of the ]Russian trade, which had been declining before the comntencement of hostilities, has yielded ar almost inappreciable result to the Western owers-how insignificant has been the outlet -awhicl that commerce has in reality obtained through the neutrality of the Prussian ports-how the rapid extension of the Swedish and Norwegian trade promises to supply a vast northern commerce, independently of Russia-how the trade maintained by the States actually or morally allied with England represents nearly the whole commercial pros=erityof Europe-how, finally, the Anglo-French gllance rests, not simply on the temporary exigencies of war, but on the imperishable interests of commerce and of peace. I will deal first with the question of Russia .-nd Prucssia, and next with that of Ttrkey. The imimportance, in truth, to the Western Powers of tho stuspensioit of their commercial intercourse with PRussia is attested-first, by its positive insignifiance in past years; and, secondly, by the startling fact that, while the commerce of France and England with nearly every other European Power during the ten years preceding the outbreak of the present war had gradually increased, their commercial relations with Russia had meanwhile regularly deCined. In the last general Statement of Trade nnd Navigation, published by the Board of Trade, the real value of the produce of the tuiited kingdom exported to the northern and southern ports of Rtussia is estimated for the year 1849 at 1,560,000,, and for 1853 at 1,227,000W., the inter.-ening years being markedbya gradualdecline. SimiLarly the tonnage of vessels cleared from this country to Russia fell (Table xvir.) from 40'7,000 tons in 1849 to 378,000 in 1852; while the correspondisg decline in the imports of this country from Russia is attested by the figures 480,000 as the tonnage of vessels entered here in 1849, and of 410,000 as that of the entrances of 1852. Again, in Mlr. APCidZocli's Conmmercial Dictionary, article "Rus,nia," the real value of the exported produce of the Lnited kingdom to Russia is quoted as regularly declining from 2,128,0001. in 1844 to 1,56,0000. in 1849, thus attesting a gradual reduction of 23 per cent. in the five preceding years, as well as a corresponding decrease in the imported produce of Russia. And thus the export trade of England to tt country fell by nearlyone half within the space of ten yenrs of peace. Thede general facts are not less true of the relations of France with Russia than of those of Englnld. The Meurement Coammerciale for 1854-the Last publication of the French Government, corxesponding to the blue books of the Board of Tradequotes the real value of the export and import trade of France in the year 1854 at 3,497,000,OOOf., or 1i37,880,000!. (TaS!ea-ut gimrai, while it computes the imports of the produce of Russia into France, for 1053, at 67,000,000f., and thte exports of the produce of F?rance into R-ussia at only 16,000,000f. (Tab!co.6 de FuSs). France therefore lost less than one fortieth of her trade by the outbreak of the var wththat Power. Her commerce, meanwhile, in 1854, is shown, by the same tables, to have exceededby 4,000,Of. that of 1853. And her earlier statistics of trade, under the Guizot MEnistry, attest a gradual decline in the Russo-French trade, correnponding to that of the Anglo-Russian. Similarly, the total export commerce of Great Britain in 1854 amounting (according to the last publication of the Board of Trade) to 116,000,000!., and her exports to Russia for 1853, as we have seen, to 1,227,000!., the export trade of this country sustained a loss of little more than one-hundredth by the blockade of the Russian ports. And in the face of this we have Mr. Cobden's assertion that a war ith Rusia woTdd involve ruin to France and EngLand I So much for the statistical knowledge which is necessary to constitute a commercial reformer. That the aggregate commerce of Russia has incmrased, though in a proportion scarcely commensui-ate with the increase of the population, I shall omptildeed,by dispute. From the Statistic-l Tables yMr. Fonblanque at the Board of Trade .duilng the present year, it appears that (Part IL, page ~30) the real value of the total exports of Russia increased from 13,515,000!. in 842 to 15,075,0001. in 1851; while the real value of her imports in the same period rose from 13,393,0001. to 16,321,000!. But it is clear that this'nominal increase in the Mu$sian trade is altogether factitious; and that, viewed as an index of the commercial growth of the mation, it would lead to the falsest conclusions; for the increase in question arose almost -wholiy from the southern ports of Russia-where it was sufficiently large to cover a corresponding decrease in the Baltic-and commenced with a period singulaxly coincident with the Treaty of Adriamople, which transferred to Russia a large share of the trade of Austria in the Euxine. This evidence, indeed, is strikingly corroborated by the statistical dlo uraentspubllishedbytheFrenchGoveromentunder the Administrations of M. Thiers and M. Guizot and collected by AL Leon Lalanne. From these it appears that the commerce between France and Austria declined under the decennial average 18261S36 from 43,000,0COf. to 20,00,000f., or less than 4one-half, under the quinquennial average 18391840 (Lalanne p. 997). No fallacy, therefore, can Lie more complete than to ascribe such an increase in the trade of RussLa to the natural expansion of her -own commercial powers. The most conclusive answer which can be reillned to MIr. Brighlfs magniloquent declaration -aggainstlthe policy of the war- Abnaeramn beob Italiam coneurrere Teucris; Qune contra vetitum discordia.- rests in the fact that that war promises to be productive, in a far greater degree than he had anticipated from a state of peace, of those commercial interests for which he was ready to have sacrificed at once the honour of his country and the independence of 3Europe. The commercial result of hostilities to the Turkish empire, important as 1 shall show it to be as a political fact, represents but a smaill proportion of the prospective interests of commerce in the present 'war. In the cessation of the naval predominance of a Power maintaining the most restrictive tariffs along the Euxine shore-in the hberation of the 3)anube from the shackles of that treaty of Adrinnople by which Russia sought to choke the great artery of the Teutonic and the Sclavonian race-rn the diffusion of western commerce and -western civilization along the fertile shores of Asia, IEsrope has yet to discover springs of wealth in-exhaustible in their elasticty and depth. Among t'ose eastern coasts of tho Euxine, dnmly loommg turough the Cimmerian darkless of three thousand years-through countries scarcely more known to this century than to the legendary age of Jason-in territories endowed with unexampled fertility, with innumerable rivers, and with every natural element -of wealth, the maritime Powers are now about to replace a traditionary barbarism with the impulse of cLilization and of commerce. From the commenceanent of the present war we can scarcely doubt that posterity will record the introduction of a signal .changaein the fortunes of the East. I am kr THE SPIRIT OF THE BLUE BOOrS.
Dic PRESENT COMMfIANDANT at SCUTARI. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Every correspondent, whether private or public, writill from the scene of last year's misadventures in the East, admits the present satisfactory change in several of the public departments 'which were then most justly open to animadversion. Some right men have taken rig,ht places, and to them all praise is due. It is my belief that a more fortunate choice could not have been made than that which selected Colonel (now General) Storks for his original appointment of GCommandant over the hospitals at Sniynia, from which he succeeded Lord W. Paulet at Scutari. I happen toknow the spirit with w-hich he entered on his task and the pains he took before he left England to increase his qualifications for it. It was not the post a brave and good officerand as such he is vell known-would have chosen for himself; he yet cheerfuUy accepted it, and, though well aware of all he had to encoimter, he felt convinced that there was good service to be done in it, and siclh service lie could and would do. He not only at once sougiht out all information as to the cause of the failures at Scutari, but before he left England he went through more than one of the chief London hospitals, and studied for himself their whole economy. At Smyrna, on several occasions, from circtunstances over which he had no control, lie found himseif in positions of the utmost difficulty and delicacy. W'hile he acted with the tutmost promptitude on the spot to stem evils as they, arose, he took a straightforward, finn course w ith the authorities at home; they very wisely saw that hewas one [of the " right men," and I have reason to believe gave him every support. I do not thinkthere could be found one single human being connected wyith the Sinyrna hospitals wvho would not give a wiDling testimony to the tact, activity, prudence, and firnness he showved throughout at that place. Many matters were thrown upon him there for which no foresight could have prepared him-matters, in some instances, foreign to the nature of his appointment. 'Where he could protect or in any way assist a British subject he spared neither zeal nor labour. At'Scutai, I have good reason to know, he has shown that the extension of the field has only the better developed his businesslike powersof command. There is an old saving about " wheel within wheel;" Scitari, of all pla;es in the East, was just that one w-here the eccentricities of iudepciudent moral mechanics had most interfered with the harmony of that system of order which was so desirable. The predecessor of General Stor7ks did his best, and did a very great deal in the way of amendment; but in the East jobbinz, jealousy, and intrigue are the normal characteristics of every scene of administration. No wonder, then, if our coimtrymen, who are by no means, as the ruile, deficient in power of jobbery (many at Scutari had been reared in " departments" at home), were easily led into the habits of the place, and quickly developed qualities of which any Greek or Turkish employe might have been proud. The constant changeof officers of the different departments necessarily occurring in the East makes the task of commandant one of never-ceasing trial and perplexity. General Storks has, however, as yet forged well ahead through a sea of trial which would have swamped the powvers of one with a head less cool andclear, and a spirt less determined. He has obtaned the confidence of the best men in the service of the hospitals, has given them all possible support, and the shufflers have found him, to use their own expression, "a difficult card." I have reason to believe that the chaplains anad Miss Nightingale gratefuilly feel the value of a man of his head and heart in such a post. He has now deterniined, it appears, to do his best to arrest that curse of our nation-drunkenness. It must be borne in mind that Scutari is now more of a camp than a hospital station. The stint of supplies which reigned in the East last year, to our disgrace, is, if I am now informed aright, followed by an era of perfect waste and extravagance. W'here anything will find a market so long as the only price asked is strong drink, and where that drink is very cheap and stimulant to the most pernicious degree, the general commanding who would check intoexica tion and maintain discipline has indeed a most trlying task. If General Storks is well supported at home and at head-quarters in the East I have no fear, from what I know and have learned from others of him, he will succeed. That he will raise up against himself a legion of public and private maligners I have no doubt. I havehad some little ins ght into traffic in the East ; I know a little of the commercial principles (?) of those who rule the markets in which oua soldiers and sailors are the customers. I can form some estimate of the permilleage (percentage would not be the word) of the profit made in these markets. I know that the ostensible dealers are, as the rule, mere tools of the real men of capital who drive a thriving trade in corrupting our men. I more than suspect that these "hig-lyrespectable," of course, merchants have I often the ear of men high in office, who little suspect that the civil contractor for necessaries is sometimes a dealer in raki; that he can w-ell afford to supply -to the army at reasonable profit, so long as he can make the most extortionate profit in the spirit market. This is the influence I dread as antagonistic to the efforts of General Storks to put down the dealers in rali. I am satisfied he has nothing to dread from open enemies, for he is an open-dealing, just man; but many besides myself know full well how that particular "wvheel within wheel" can be set in motion to destroy a man's influence by private means who cannot be affected by public accusation. Knowing, as I do, from the best of sources what this mad love of strong drink; has done at SeutKari and at the camp to destroy the lives anld characters of our men, to undermine every effort for good of every good officer of every profession, I do entreat of the Home Government to firmily support General Storks in the endeavour it is known he is making to promote a better tone among the men, and toput down that host of mercenary sharks who, so long as they can get money or stores in exchange for their hateful merchandise care not how their customers obtain them, or what the consequeiices may be to them. S. G. 0. Jan. 3.
COFFIiV-OPENrNG. TO THE EDIT-o_R OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Fernut mne to aslk the merest child among your readers, whether he would venture,ifimaperatively called. upon to have two coffins opened, to openrthem in a dwellin'house'! A grosser outrage upon all common sense and feel in,I think, I never heard of ind this, too, in cases where the coffins were to be opened precisly because it was suspected they contained bodies which hiad come to death by 3means, beyond all others calculated to?Mak-e them horribly pestiferous in the formn of their corrupion. 'Which of any of the witnessess of the repulsve scene, asgraphically described in your pa, r, is yet safe? Who that smelt the noxious and appalig vampour is yet safe? Who will persuade himsqelf to sleep in this house, as bs traveller, for somie months to come? I stanch -my indignation and dissgust, however, and, if a hint be really wanted among pepl of ordinary understandings as to th e mode of proceedi g in such cae,I beg, through you, to give one. Swallow somae strong solution of camphor, ping bothi nostrils 'with wool wetted in the same, open the coffins under the broad sky and where the current of God's ow%n air can carry freely off the deadly vapouirs; and let all who ar-e bound to look, on stand to 'vindwaCrd of the coffin. Our dnties, are, indeed, soetinehsa hitter enough; but 'how much might many trials in this wvorld be alleviated of their darkest colours by the conmion exercise of ourcomamon faculties! J. J. A. Jan. 4.
THE BuiLoraLD MuRDL-GAEs , Jan. 3. -At the county poliCe court, held in this town to-dy, John Cain and llichard Rayne were brought Tip on remand, cla.rged with the murder of Mr. Robert Stirling onL the 1Fst of November. The Ron. H. G. Liddeil, Mr. G-. Hawks, M1r. Ramsey, Mr. Bulmer, lr. Bramwell, and Mx. Lamb were on th:e beuch. Mr. Hunter appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Stoker for the prisoners. -When the prisoners were placed in the dock 3h, Hawks, the chairnan, asked or. Superintendent Squire if he had any additional evidence. Mr. Squire said that be had a great deal, but, as it had only come to his knowledge recently,ne askedthatthe pr0onersamightbe aain remanded for eight days, Mr. HawkOs asked1 him if hie had a reasonable pro~pec of additional evidence. M1r. Squire replied " Yes." M1r. Stoker said that it 'would be satisfactory to the prisoners if they knew that the result of the coroner's jury would guide the tbenc&h in their decision. The Hon. . G-. Lddell said-the bench.wouldnive no -ledge Mr Ramsey remarking that ex-perience l~ad t.augt them t-hat they often had to taLkeziap cases of this character after the decision of a coroner's jury. Tho pncoers erethen removed. The police, we bielieve, will be na~osiionat the coroner's inquest, next week, to bring 5eviec ostaside the alibi that is to be set up by the
RUSSIA ANLYD KHI-VA.* ITn the year. 1839 the Russian Government was meditating an expedition to Klhiva, under the pretext of recovering a number of its subjects who had been enslaved by the subjects of the Khan. The real object, however, was to gain a footing there, and thus to establish an advanced post from which, at some future favourable opportiuity, a rush might be made upon Persia, and ultimately a permanent ! position secured upon the Persian Gulf. M.ajor Todd, the English envoy at Herat, aware of the necessity of nipping in the bud an enterprise of which the ultimate result might be a war with this country, sent, in the month of Jmne, by the hand of a M1ahomedan priest on whose3 fidelity he could depend, a letter of friendship to the Khan, accompanied by the present of a handsome rifle. This cornpliment elicited an answer from that potentate, in which he accepted the tender of British friendship, and, at the same time, having the fear of Russian invasion before his eyes, made some demands inthe tvayof substantial assistance with whichMLajor Toddcould not on his ownresponsibility comply. Not, howvever, willing to lower the est-mnate of British power and magnanimity formiecd by the Elan Huzarut (Supreme Lord) he determined in the meantime to send Captain Abbott, of the Indian cavalry, as a commissioner to mediate between the Turkoman chief and his powerful neighbour, and by inducing the former to release the Russian captives, whose liberation was the pretext of the expedition, to remove aLl ground for the latter attemptingr it; and thus indirectly bring .about the result whichl the barbarian monarch expected only from an armed intervention. The circumustances under which this resolve was arrived at were not very auspicious. The British magazine was exhausted; and the presents which the envoy carried with him wvere of a very hiumble character-" a Persian sabre and a Herat rifle for the Khan; a rifle for his brother; and a matchlock rifle for the Governor of Yoollataun." But extreme despatch was requisite, and the commissioner hadto ride fast, attended by avery slender suite; and it vas hoped that these circumnstances, while they exhibited the zeal of the ambassador, would at the same time furnish an. excuse for the limited means of conciliating favour that he had at his disposaL Khiva, of the site of which Major Abbott gives a new determination, placing it in lat. 4t 20, and long. 60, is the modern capital of the kingdom of Khaurasm, the ancient Chorasmia. On thenorthwvest this is separated from the district of Orenburg by a belt of steppe inhabited by Kirghese Cossacks, or, as Caetain Abbott chooses to call them,liTssatuks, whose chief is a nominal tributary of the Russian Government-an allegiance, probably, secured mainly by the market which his people find at Samara for the skins that their flocks produce. On the west, Khaurasm is bounded by the Caspian Sea, on the south-west by Persia and Herat, on the southeast by Bokhara, and on the north-east by Kokaun. Taken roug,hly, its area extends about 800 miles from north to souith, and 600 from east to west, and it entirely separates Russia from Bokhara, and consequently commands the line of traffic between those two places. Ehiva itself lies in a plain much lower than the surface of the surrounding country, in the midst of which it forms a sort of oasis. After the mountain barrier on the north of Herat is surmounted, the whole way, amounting to nearly 600 miles, was found by Major Abbott to be a barren steppe, the desolation of which was rarely releved even by the black tents of the Turkoman shepherds. Over such an inhospitable region the Engligsh envoy took his way in the dead of winter, quitting Herat on Chistmas-eve. But, however uninviting the prospect of the journey might be, the perils which beset the traveller in the execution of his commission were such as to throw all mere hardships into the shade. At the very outset he discovered that his ruin was intended by a professed friend-Yar Mahomed Khan, the chief Minister of Herat. This precious specinien of villany, who, among other methods of enriclung hinself, made a very handsome profit by conniving at the kidnapping of his master's subjects by the tribes on the border, appointed one of his tools, Peer Mahomed bhan, to command an escort of cavalry which was to attend Major Abbott, furnishing him at the same time with secret instructions to represent him as a Russian spy both to the Court of Yhiva and to the Government of MTerv-, the principal town of the district of Yoollataun, through Which his route to the capital lay. By a combmation of great tact and resolution the intended victim contrived to send back his evil genius upon arriving at the frontier, but was not able to prevent the latter from secretly forwarding the despatches wlich he bore frbm the treacherous vizier. Accordingly, on his arrivaL, the envoy found constant vigilance necessary to avoid the snares laid to induce him to say or do something whichi might confirm the fixed idea that he was a Russian, or, at any rate, in alliance with Russians. At 3Ierv, after explaining the purport of his mission, and enforcing his claims to attentionby dvelljug on the opposing interests of England and Russia, a question, pertinent enough from the barbarian pOinlt of view, w as put to him-Had the English and Russians then ever been at war? No. This was suspicious. They were surely the same people after all. "Did they speak the samle langutage ?" "No, the languages were entirely different." Here was a fine opportunity for unmasking the spy. " Piay," said one of the party, "w1vhat is the English for "DDost?" "Friend." Upon this there were some sig,ns of incredulity, whlich the envoy miterrupted by demanding, in his turn, from the querist, what was the Russian for the samie word? On hearing that it was " Braath," he at once saw the snare which had been laid for him. The governor had expected him to translate "Dostl" by the En.glish word " Brother ;" and, had he done so, no assurances would have been sufficient to persuade his enemies that the languages of Russia and England differ, and consequently that he had not wilfilly attempted to misrepresent the relation of the t wo countries. It is worth remarking Sat the confusion of the two nations with one another is not a recent error of the Turkomans. When Jonas Hanway was at Astrabad in the year 1743, the city was sacked by some rebels with the assistance of a body of these vagabonds, who were extremely anxious to have " the Russians," as they termed him and his companions, delivered up to them to sel as slaves. Another attempt to blacken the character of the English is extremely amusing. The one dogma of I-lam which retains an undiminished force over the consciences of Mahomedans in these countries is an abhorrence of the swine either alive or dead. rec distare pittaUt h-nwaO. enarnc suila<tm was not truer of the Jews in the days of Juvenal than it is of the Affghan of the present time; and so strong is this prejudice that it was an established rule with the members of the mission at Herat to leave the carcasses of the wild hogs which they might kill in hunting on the spot where they fell, in order thereby to give no countenance to the charge that the English are a pig-eating nation. At one of the audiences given to Major Abbott by the Mehtur (vizier) of the 1lban of Ehiva, this -unpleasant subjectwasbrought upon the carpet. We give the colloquy in the author's own words:- " 'Do the English eat khook (pigt "'Eat what ? I inquired veiy innocently. *hoeok.' "' 4What is khook '.z "Now, neither thme Mrebtur nor the interpreter having erer seen a pig in atl their Eives, it was no easy matter for them to describe the unclean bceast. The interpreter conmmencedl a clumsy attempt; I heard him out patiently, and then said- "-' You mean that animat 'with long ears and a swveet v oice, the-khur' (ass) '-No. We never eat anything so unclea.' wThiswas a back stroke at the Oezbegs (the aristocracyof Elhaurasi), which I thought ii6ht be nsefuL. They devour "'I doet mean the khur,' persisted the interpreter, 'I mean khook, khook,' loolkin me full in the eyes. 'Don't you know what khool; is?. "I had not the slightest intention of knowing ' khook.' I reated dreamily, vith a most lamb-like stare of innocence, 'ook!' Oh! you mean that big bird with Ted cheeks, thatflaps-his'wingsandwakes usinthemorning. Yes, we eat bin-L I? " 'No; I don't mean the -cock, but khook, khook.' ;Well, then,' I said, ' if it is. neither beast nor fowl, perhapit is afish.' "The interpreter could not, in politeness, press thc matter further." * Major Abbott's imperfect knowledge of Persian, which he frianly confesses, stood hin in some stead on this occasion; but we cannot help thinking that a better linguist, possessed of equal resolution and Eatience,-would in many instances have been able to affle the intrigues-to-which the envoy all but stCcumbed. However, the service, was one that could 'not wait, and it must certainly be allowed that, except for his scanty skill in the tongues, it would have been difficult to find a more fitting representative of British interests than our author. The ancient city of Merv -was situated in the plain about 12 miles east of the modem mud village and bazaar of the same name. - It was fotunded by Gu.ebers, or fire-worshippers,and watered bya canal from the Moorgh-awb. This system of irrigation has fallen into decay, but the whole water of the Moorghawb is still utilized for the purpose of fertilizimg the sandy plain which, on an area of about 2,400 square miles, supportssome 60,000Turkoman agriculturists. It is an extremely important position, as the trade between Bokhara and Persia, and also that between thiva and AHghanistan passes through it, and, contemptible as its present appearance is, it might, with judicious care, rapidly rise into vealth and consequence. Between Mervand Khiva the aspect of the country is that of a sandy plain, broken into an irregular surface by deep pits and high mounds, the whole thinly sprinkled with bushes, betwveen Lwhich grow wormwrood and the camel-thorn. Wells are found at long intervals-in one case of no less than 160 miles. Camels and waterskins are of course indispensable in passing this waste, and if horses are in the caravan barley or jowarree must be carried also, there being no grass in the desert. The water which is found is generally brackish, but there are some exceptions. It gives some idea of the value which theTfurkomans would possess, if organized as irregular cavalry, to learn that the distance between Rhiva and Merv (about 360 miles) is habitually performed by them when bearing despatches in six days, the horse crying food and water for himself and his master on his crupper. MajorAbbott remarks that that is no light feat, as the barley for eachhorse alone weighs not less than 6Olb. and his body clothing at least 201b. more. On his journey the British envoy had the company of two caravans, which had brought grain from Khiva, and were returning with slaves, many ofwhomwerenatives of Herat. Themenwere chained together by the necks at night, although the severe frost makes the contact of the iron with the skin terrible torture. The women appeared tolerably cheerful, laug,hing with their captors durilng the day, and at night sharing their blankets and cloaks. One poor creature, howrever, WaS an exception. Her master was an inhuman v,retch, who carried her behind him astride on his camel, with her infant child in a grain bag hanling from the saddle. It is a curiouis circumstance, illstrative of the nature of evil to generate itself,that this miscreant had hiniself had two children carried off by the Persians, and was endeavouring by means of this horrible traffic to raise money for the purchase of their freedom. The features of this desert plain are everywhere precisely similar, and nothing is easier than to lose the track. To diminish this danger landmarks are erected here and there, consisting generilly of the skeleton of a camel hung in a bush. These, however, are of course invisible in the dark, and, as a considerable portion of the journey is made in the night, even during the winter season, the traveller is often compelled to trust to the sagacity of his camels. This is perfectly wonderful In the darkest night, even when the ground is covered with snow, they follow the windings of the invisible p&th as confidently as in broad daylight. As the popular notion of travelling in the desert is always associated with the idea of extreme heat, the following description of a day's routine during the winter season will be interesting:- 'I rise at midni"ht, and sit atablazing-fire, sippingtea without milk, iutil the camels are laden and have started. I then mount and follow them, and, as camels walk something less than three miles an hour, soon overtake them. As the cold is intense, and our feet are by this time fully numbed, I alight and spread my carpet, and a large fire is soon made, around wvhich we all sit half an hour. Wood is very abundant, and so dry that -when the hoar frost or snow is shaken from it it kindles inistantly. It is likewise so deficient in solidity that a stem the thickness of a man's body is torn up by the roots without difficulty. We niow mount again and proceed in silence, for the path admits notof two abreast, and the freezing of the vapour of the breath upou one'sbeard and moustaches renders the motion of the Jaw singularly unpleawant. Indeed, in raising the handkerchief to one's face it is tangled in a disagreeablenmanner with the crystals, and the chin has become so brittle that a very slight titillation is painfuL By degrees wve perceive the day slightly winking in the east, and again we pllup to light a fire and thaw our frozen extremities. We sit until day is fuUy confimned, when my attendants spread their cloaks, ascertain the position of Mecca, and diuly sasy their prayers. Ere the sun breaks from the horizon wve are once more mounted and away. Theprofusion of hoar frostupon theleafless jungle sheds a glory over the desolate scene. . . The ma-ganificent camels, in their long shaggy fur, little heed the weatlier. The icicles lang frointheir beards, and hoar frost garmishestheirhead. Theirlarge, full, lustrouseyesseem acquaintedwithhardship,bat not withtronble.Theyarethevery philosophers of patience, who conquer al things by tranquillity of spirit. . . On wve niarch with lengthened pace, and at 10 o'clock strike off tle road to seek a hollov convenient for a halt. WVe cloose that which is sheltered from the wind and exposed to the sun, anul has, besides, an abandance of firewvood; as for camel-thorn, there is never lack of that. Mfy carpet is spread, and Shaksrparoe is open, and this is real enjoyment, for thle cramped limbs miay nosextend themselves, and the warmttl h of thee y fire are equally agreeable. My attendant comes, bringing me hot bread and the concreted juice of grapes; and, having been nine hours in the frosty air, the appetite is somnewhat whetted. 3My people, also, have miade themnselves tea and a stew swisnining in the fat of rams' tails. . . By degrees the warmth and ease of my position 'steal my senses, shut mny sight,' and I am not sensible of external objects until the loud 'Bismillah' awakens me to see the kaufila depart. Then it is once more 'Mount and ge,' nor do we draw rein until 4 o'clock, when -we again choose a position of bivouac. and collect firewood for the night. Again come the camels, and now my funny little tenit is pitched, and I install myself within it; in due time devour the fat stew they have nmade me, and sleep until midniight, when I rise, and cal, the people, v ho have crept under their thickfelt coverings, and are wvell wrapt in furs." Our readers must not suppose the " fumny little tent" to be the kind of thing to which official adhesiveness has long restlicted the British soldier. It is made of camels' hair felt, anid is, according to M!ajor Abbott, "the mostcomfortable of dwellings." A kind of cap at the top is removeable; and " in winter a fire lighted in the centre makes it the wa.nest of retreats, all the smoke rising through the skygliht in the roof." In spite, however, of all appliances, the cold was most formidable. When the wind, vhich is generally N.N.E., changed to W., it brought clouds from the Caspian, which always fell in snow. The air at other times was so cold that tlhe travellers only preserved their noses by constant muanipulation. As for the feet, a case of felt on the oidside of the boot is the only thing which protects them. If the leather is exposed to the air its pores become saturated with vapour, and in this state it is instantly converted into a mass of ice. It so happened that at the time Major Abbott was encountering these hardships on his way to Klhiva theptussian invading army was succumbing to even greater in their advance to the highlands between the Sea of Aral and the Caspian, which the never succeeded in crossing. The expedition had been purposely undertaken in the winter, in order that the snow which lay on the surface of the groiund might obviate the otherwise insuperable difficiilty arising from the want of water. The Khan of Khiva sent a considerable force of Turkoman cavalry to oppose them, as far as the N.W. corner of the Sea of AraL Halting there, more than 100 miles short of the Russian advanced posts, the commander sent 50D or 600 horsemen to carry off some of the enemy's baggage cattle; but the snow was so deep that, in order to force their w%ray through, they resorted to the expedient of driving before them a flock of uiladen Cossack galloways to tread it down. Advancing through this track, they came upon sonie of the anaz xan w ,ere ca%Tig thlem off int1riumph, when a small body of fusleers purued them, and, coining up with the Turkomans, who were frozen in their saddles by the intensity of the cold, shot them down like sheep. The main body of the Khiva troops were upon thiswithdrawnintowinterquaiters at Ghoonguraut, near the southern border of tle Sea of Aral, in a miserable condition of mutilation from the frost--some having lost both hands, others the feet, nose, ears, lips, the whole cheek, and even the tongue; for the intense chill so paralyzes the nerves that those subjected to it.are unconscious of the state of the'members of their body, and the tongue during sleep finding itsway out of the mouth is at once frozen and destroyed. The invaders fared even worse. The thermometer fell to 40° of Reaumur below zero, freezingtheir brandy and, of course, ireaking the bottles; and the snow was five feet deep. Tho troops advanced as far as one of the branches of the river -Djem or Embah, and there the camels died in such nlmbers as to render it neces-- sary to recall the relics of the expedition to Orenburg.-- The failureof the 'Russian expedition was not know-n to MaLjor Abbott until Rhis'arrival on the shores of thie aspian; but intelligence of the de&at of thle TDurknan detaxchment had been aeived, and he was' naturalh- -extremely anxious bt IUtrY Iiis departure for the Russian frontier, lest the arrival of the expeditionary force at Khiva should put a summary end to all hope of mediation. But his Iefforts to obtain the requisite permission were long unsuccessful, owing to the intrig,ues of which the fil0anouls Yar MhIaomined was the prime mover. Ile seems never to have succeeded in disabusing , the Khan of the notion, that he was a secret agent of the Russian Goversneit; and r.hen at last he left 3hiva to carry out the remaining part of his instructions, which was not until the 6th of March, ho did it under circumstances which were enough to try the stoutest heart. He left the Yhan of Xhiva irritated with him, and the Mehtur (or Prime Minister) almost undisguisedly his enemy. The bankers were not allowed to honour his draughts; his correspondence I with Major Todd at Herat was liable to be intercepted, and was always sure to be opened and read; Hussun Mhatoor, an Oosbeg chief, under whose protection he -was to proceed to the Russian frontier, united the savageness of a Transylvalian bandit to the cunning of an Old Bailey attorney; his small suite were both chicken hearted and indiscreet; and the funds which he was enabled to carry with him altogether insufficient to purchase the friendship, althougah enough to excite the cupidity of the desert cbiefs w,ith whom, he would come into contact. As a linguist, he scarcely knew enough Persian to fully possess his interpreterwith his own views, and of the languages of the desert was, of course, quite unacquainted. Relying, however, upon. thecareof Providence, and aninated bythereflection of the importance of his task and the reputation of British power andjustice,he set outfor3lungh Kishlanuk, on the eastern shore of the Caspian-3 poinrt where the caravans from Bokhara are accustomed to embark their goodsforAstrakhan. It was, he was informed, west of Khiva, and distant from it 480 miles, or 16 days' march with camels. Three days' journey to the north of it was Novo-Alexandroffisk, or, as the Turkomans caU it, Dalish-Gullah (stone fort), a small fortification built about 2o years ago by the Russians on an inlet of the Caspian. It was the intention of Major Abbott, if he found, it impossible to obtain the means of embarking himself for Astralihan at Mungli Kishlauk, to proceed thither. It had 'been proposed that he should proceed to Orelblurg in the line by which the invading army' w.as supposed to be advancinlgon Khiva; but this would have involved a march over 900 miles of desert, so covered with snow that food for camels as well as human beings must necessarily have been carried. The perilous nature of the adventure soon showed itself. On the fourth day after his departure the Envoy found his servants possessed with the idea, which was prevalent at Khiva, that the Elhan, convinced after all that he was in the Russian interests, had given secret instructions that he shouldibe made away with in the wilderness, fearini to execute him in the city from a dread of the British army, which was at that time falsely believed to have had advanced as far as Balkh. The apparent inconsistency of this conduct may be explained from the circumstance that two Russians, professing to be English, had made their -way to Khiva from Meshed about two years before, and, together with five Persian attendants, had been cruelly put to death. It was reported that afterthe application of torture they had confessed their country; but the -whole circumnstance had confused the two nations in the minds of the Khivaus, and, as Russia was actuallyinvading the country, and the British were supposed to have reached the Balkh, the form taken by popular panic was, that both had joined in a confederacy for the purpose of exterminating Islam. MIajor Abbott entirely discredited this report, and succeeded in inspiring his servants with his sentiments; but he recogni7ed in the mode in which it had come to them, the hand of his old enemy Yar Mahommed, 'who nearly succeeded by this means in depriving him of the only member of his suite that could speak the language of the desert, and thus delivering him over utterly helpless to his rascally guide, Hussun M1hatoor. This worthy, having now brought his victim too far away from Mhiva to be able to return to it without his pernmission, began to weave his toils around him, le insisted that he should lay in a stock of provisions for 50 days, although they were not more than 14 from their destination. These required 10 camels to carry them, and these had to be purchased from Hussun Mhatoor's relations. ln spite, however, of the manifest policy of his traitorous conductor in this and many other particulars, the English courage of the Envoy supported him throughout; and at last, on the 11th of April, he was rewvarded by a glimpse of theblueCaspian, about 20 miles to the south. But here, instead of arriving at the end of his perils, he was really on the point of Leiig plungedinto the worst of alL From the edge of a cliff, some 700 feet high, he next day cast his eye over the waste of waters, but there was no trace of a vessel. The treacherous Hussun replied to his demand for an explanation, that in general there was no want of boats lying off shore, but that at present they were deterred from approaching by the circumstaice of some Russian ships having been recently burnt by the neighbouring tribes; and recomiu?nded him to sell his horses and hire a boat to convey him to an island at sonie distance, where he assured him tllere would be no doubt of his finding vessels. Considering that a compliance with this advice, even if possible, woould infallibly lead to his property being plundered, and his faithful attendants being nmade slaves of as soon as hiis presence should cease to protect them, Major Abbott declined the proposition, and told Hussun that, if no vessel arrived in the course of next day, he should proceed 1o Dalhsh Gullah. Thither, however, the Chowvdoor chief absolutely refused to conduct him; and finaly, after in vain offering him the alternative of escorting him back to Ehiva, rode off in anger and left him to his own resources. His situation was sufficiently appalling. Behind him was the desert, inhabited by savage Tulkomans, and through which, besides the certainty of being seized and sold as a slave, it was impossible for any one to find the wray wVithout a guide to point out the wells. B3efore him was the sea, without any appearance of a vessel. Hstelescope he had been compelled to part with as a propitiationto the greedy Vizier of Khiva. Elis stock of provisions ;was nearly exhausted. One only resource seemed left. He had now arrived at the limits of the district of the Turkomans, and was entering upon that of the Kussauks. To the hospitality of one of these he determined to intrust himself to be conducted to Dalhsh Gilah. It turned out in tho sequel that this false friend, whose name 'was Dana Bae, was actually colluding w;ith Hussun lhatoor, the object of the latter bei,g to procure evidence which should satisfy the Ehan of EKhiva 'that he himself had faithfully discharged his owvn duty, and then to make over his victim to another assassin on consideration of receiving a share of the spoiL The catastrophe wlich had long been expected arrived. After several days' march, during which the baggage animals and horses became more and more enfeebled from want of food, and escape was at last an impossibility, the party were attacked in the dark. The Envoy himself was badly wounded, having some fingers of his right hand cut off, and was left apparently dead, stumned, and unable to rise from the ground. His senses, however, retiuned, and he was rescued in a way which appears little short of miraculous. Cherkush Bae, abrother of thetreacherous guide, had a son a prisoner in the Russian fortress of Dalhsh GullAl, and, being under the delusion that M]ajor Abbott really was mied up with R.7ssian interests, thought it an euce ent opporthnity of recoverin his owvn child in exchange for so illustrious a prisoner. He accordinly appropriated him as This share of the spoils, and resolutely resisted all solicitations on the parb of the other members of his tribe to put him to death, declaring that Providence had deprived him of his own child, and that he adopted the stranger in his place. Still it seems questionable whether our adventurous traveller would not have ended his days in slavery, had not a new deliverer suddenly appeared. At Merv-, while on his way to' Khiva, he had been most favourably impressed by a young man named Saleh Mahornmed, son of the principal judge at Herat, and wrote to Major Todd that he should like to have him about7his person; foreseeing " that he should need suich an assistant to give him hints as to the measure of attention due' to each individual, to intrigue for him abroad, and perfect his Persian by conversation at home." Todd sent Saleh with a supply of money and a packet of lettersto Khiva; but in the meantime Mfajor Abbott had left, 'and the suspiions ,gainrst hini had increased. The Elan detained the messenger, who was burning' with; impatience to proceed, no less than 20.days; aI2d also, by means of a secret agent, contrived to obtain'possession o4'the paeket of wlich he was the bearer.' Thlis strolke of neasn'ess., howevert hadt abentficial rewuU.lt The despaDtaehe :ewre ondSt.Peksb,~q duin4th !a,~ u.izn inrasion ofKhfra, &t. y MjorJam~ Abott BegalArtiflry, authior of 'tbe.2ffaooine aulatlyon .poiUc1.nlissio.% Jaurne found to be an indirect proof of the good faith of th.a Envoy, and Saleh was sent on his way with an escort of six Turkonians, charged to bring him ir&> Major Abbott's presence wherever he. might be. These, however, on approaching the neighbourhood of the Caspian, learnt that the outrage upon hiS was due to the suggestions of their own chief, lussun Mhatoor, and refused to proceed any further, on the pretext that their hprses wera exhausted. B3nt the faithful Saleh was not to be deterred; he rode on alone, wandered from tent to tent, and at last, by promise of reward; succeeded in procuring a guide. His impatien=0, however,, would not allow him to limit himself to the tardy rate of progress of whichalonethe latter was capable, and he finally rushed alone into the pmresence of the mutilated and dispirited captive. His appearance was like the fall of a thunderbolt among the hostile Kussauks. Saleh was elegantly cad and well mounted, and known to be the son of the principal judge at Herat; and his respect to the Erivoy, added to the rare honour of a letter froni the Khan, and a guard to be added to the Major's retinue, -completely turned the tables. The tent resounded -with "Occ humr'd, Ool illah ! Shooka I Ool humm'd 1' (Praise be to God; thanksgiving and praise) inmcessantly repeated by the collective suite. - We have no space to follovw l!ajor Ab1ott at any length in his adventures after his fortunb took this favourable tuim. He arrived safe at Da?1h Gullab, and there had another of his remainingfgigers " extirpated" by a clumasy Russian surgeon,hlS occupied half an hour in the operation. One had already been amputated, less scientifically but more rapidly, by Cherklush Bae, " w%ith a blunt knife onthehandle of ahatcliet." From Dahsh Gullah he -embarked' in a small trading vessel for Gourief, at the month of the Oural, and thence proceeded by OiralsX and Orenburg to Mosscow and St. Petersburg., The successful result of his mission is well kno-ln; and a respite of nearly 14 years of peace was gained, until the course of events at last brought Russia and England into colision in another region of the world. It is a pity for the literary reputation., of Major Abbott, that he was not contented simply to tell his experience as it occurred, without interi3rding the na;rrative with irrelevant stories, often stupid, and sometimes a little vulgar. Still less should he attempt to be funny in print. A - ludicrous image, which is very welcome in the inonotony of a Bengal messroom, assumes a very hideous appearance in the eyes of a cultivated Europeaureader. Another most unpleasant habit in which he indulges, in common writhl niost East Indians, is that of using Persian phrases, familiar, no doubt, in the hon. Company's territories; without any explanation of their meaning for the behoof of the gentlemen of England who have never eaten curry on the banks of the Ganges. We. have no doubt that- this inconsiderate practice Xas much influence in generatingthe feeling of weariness which almo:t al descriptions of India are suretocallforth. Itisto.' badthata plain man, whotakesup7abookof travels for recreation, after a day spent in :business, should be compelled to discover by a painful induction, that an " eelchie" is an ambassador, a " cauzie" a judge, a " nazir' a chamberlain, a " meerza' a secretary, a " doombha" a1'fat-tailed sheep, and the like. Kant -was obliged to coin a new nomenclatiure in order to do justice to his new mental analysis; but why lMajor Abbott should vie with the critique of the Pure )easoa in this respect by sowing " Ihetkhodas,". '" beegler begs," and " birdler beegs" broadcast ;over his pages, except to confine their perusal to an esoteric circle, we are at a loss to divine. If he vwill pardon the suggestion, -we wvoild recomnend himr to compress his next edition into a single volumne, weed it of all technicalities, jokes, and "good" stories, burn the speculations on:religious toleration, church music, and human nature, and we prophesy that his narrative will then take the pernanent pLace in English literature which w;ill always be secured by a simple story of moving adventures when recounted by a brave and intelli- gent man. _ _ __ _ _ __ _ _
LETTER BY A BUSSIAN SISTER OF MERCY. The folloving is a transLation of a letter iyritten iI MIay last by one of the Russiam Sisters of Mercy ministering at Sebastopol:- t " 'Only a few days have passed since I last wrote to you, and nowv I could again fill at least 20 pages with the events of the one single night between Tuesday and Wednesday. Oh1, how niuch I should have to tell you, but how or -with what words ! My God, what a horror is w%ar! What unnatural cruelty it is ! In the night between Monday and Tuesday our men were ordered to dig fresh trenches and throw up batteries, vith a strong foroc to protect the workmen. WV e wvere all night prepared for attack-, but it passed off quietly, and the whole of Tuesday was calm and stilL In the evening all was again expectation. Every pleparation ws made. Several rows of mattresses wsere laid on the ground; smiall tables wvere arranged with ights and writing materials upon them. 'The attendants were placing heaps of lint, bandages, dressings, short stearine candles, and medicines upon a table. In one corner stood a large s.amoar (a lam-kettle), and near it tvo s-all tables, with small teapots and cups. On the other side wvas a table covered with brandy, w.ine, lemtonade, tuntblers, and vwine glasses. The room is nearly dark, and a peculiar stilness reigns around, as i the air hefore a thunderstorm. Fifteen surgeons, and more, are seated round Pirogoff in the room for operations, or are walk}ing up and dow-i in pairs. The officer anld the smoritel (superintendent), who have to see that everything is in readiness, are busily moving about, orarefetching in more medicalhelpandattendance. As yon stand at the door or look out through the lofty -windows at both sides of the roor, you see abright, quiet night, for the moon is shining, aid the stazs are twinkling, uwithout a cloud. Between 9 and 10 o'clockthere is a flash like thatof ligtning at the windows, and suddenly it roar-still every aie of glass rattles. By degrees, flash foLowvs ILash, more frequent and rapid; you can no longer distinguish the shots from each other. The fifth and silthbastions are lit up'ithfife,butthe enemy's bombs do not reach the city. We sit and listen, ever in the same sort of thilight, and abGou an hour passes over. Tlen comes a litter, another, and another-it has begu,. The candles are lit ; folks ran hurriedly backwards and forwards, and the large room is soon filled wvith men. The floor is covered with the wounded-everywheir, vhere they can sit, they who have crawled in do sit. How they shriek! Vhat a din ! Hell is let loose around s. You cannot hear the thunder of the guns for this wailing and groaning. That one screams, buit not in worids. This one cries; ' Save me, brethren; save me!' Another sees the brandy on the table, and entreats me-'lBc a kind mother to me and give me a dram.' In all directions voices are heard moaningly entreating the surgeons, who are probing the wounds-' Good, my lord, do not rack me.' i, mvyslf, walk with great difficulty between the rows of stretchers, and cry out-'Come, here, my men, and take him to Guntsczinkis house'-that is, where the hopelesslywounlded are carried-'takthis man to the INicholaieff battery; place that man upon this bod' Nowthey bring in officers too. The room is-crowded densely,withthe wounded, but operations are not to be thonght of at this moment. God give us but time to bind up the wounds of all- we sisters are all busily -engaged. There they are bringing in an officer; his face is deluged with blood;- I wash it off-meanwvhile he takes laborionsly out of his snap-purse some money for the soldiers who bronght him to drink his health. I have seen many do the eame thing. I kneel on the floor to light the doctor-the ounded.man has been shot in the breast-to see if the ball has gone right through I place my hand under his back, and feel for the wound. You may think how he lies weltering in his gore. But enough. You would shudder if I were to describe to you all the tortures and agonies I witnessed that night. Dawn comes at last, and the firing ceases. We have a little garden. Picture it to your mind -well, there are wonnded lving there also. I tooWc brandy with me, and ran down to it, lile the sun. Ws rising most gloriously, over the bay, amid the twittering-of the birds, in the shade of aracias ful of white blossoms. I found 39, or thereabouts, all grievously wounded, most of them already at the poit of death. liy Makerandmy Lord! whata contrast to this sweet spring morning. I begged twvo of the inhabitants, who had been helping mos' diligently all night to carrvthe wounded, to take these immediately- into the hospitaL Thank Heaven, thebringingin of stretchers is at an end. The surgeons, who had gone home at diybreak to get some rest, returned, when those wlhose ttn itwas to be relieved departed with the close of day. "At 7 o'clock the operations recommence. Although it was not my day to be on duty, Iresolved to be again in attendance. The operations last till 2 o'clockin the moring. Between 5 and 6 o'clock Pirogoff comnes back, and they operate til eight; then the ork was over, and ate9 o'clock I went home. The cannonade, however, still continued, and grew fiercer towards the morning; I accordingly got up about 6 o'clock, and at 7 innounced myself ready for duty. Everything was in order;. 100 wonuded were brought in this night. It is true, the amputations lasted three hours, but by 1 o'clock the dressing ws finished. They broaght mo yourpareel; -Iopened it, and bega to tsr ba ndegi off your linens dirbctly. They arebringlag memoydinner. Allis quiet. Thank God, this day, then, is a quiet one. The door tisopened. and one strbtcher after the other is borne along. WPhat's the meaning of this? 'H}ow is this7 When were youounded, ro rmen? ' We havelainou1t yonder ever since that night,' hero is a trace at this moment. Only think oi thiXs horrorS They have been lying out yonder nearly twice 24 hours; a fewv compasionate Frenchmen had. given them hi-cad an wrater. WVe washed their wounds at once; i:e bound therm up; we gavetheneto eat and to darin Of couirsetheywereall wounded in the legs, though3 a few not severely. Agaitlser were 12 operatlons, and as no one expected an arriril of this sort out of lsoxs Dr. Clilelmikoff and myiself we.calmost the only eons at tiesoperatig tabile. 'the niGt passed off quietly. Imagine my ha'.ing to tie the a~rteriesfor Pirogoff's patients on that dreadful night, whidle ho wras pullin them out and holding pincers in his hanld. i - - ' ~~~" SIS ER B." i -CitYSTA.rg Pc.-Clne Shiflin0&.'D.ay,-:rid.ay, Jannary 4,. a;1iimissons on payment. 'S2e i ditto by seasoaR tickets, 2S0, Trotal visdtors, 1,05°.
"THE ZLES?l AND- THB EPROPOZ- OF -- E4YGALA ND. : ; From tSce 'Whasigoin .Diiy &Aton:, Dec. 1&) n almost dcery country of ]Ihirope there is a journal icl- is cmnhatically the Government organ, and for ose course it -is in, some measure the sponsor, because it iresumed tcspeak by anthority, or at least to give ecssion to no, Opinions or sentinents but such as- have :eived the sanction of, or are known to be agreeableto, its nmpters. This is not, however, the case with Great itamn. Thecf:is not nowv, so far as we know, any journal blicly recognized as thc organ of the Miistry. whether usia ecus?c'the 3Iinistcrs, like all coalitions, have no linons or sentimerts in common, or that it is sometimes nvenient to;eNade all responsibility for the headlongand adstrong course of those sometimes impracticable organs at are extrefiely difficult to bo kept in' tune, we will not Cdde. It iLsufilcicnt for our present purpose to state hat is the general impression in (,reat Britain, that each te of the poiininent members of the Cabinet has his own rculiarorgafu amorng the lcading- London journals, which not acrvusreely devoted to his interests, is at all times ady to openits columns to the defence of his principles here is consequen'ly, much diversity in the views of tese ,urnals and scarcely any two of them fully coincide with ich other on ¢reat political questions or great fundamental rinciples. O,ue, for example, is tle peculiar chanipion of le church, ald. the very mirror of orthodoxy; another, of se aristocrad-; another, of the Dissenters; a fourth, of Se agricultumlt; a fifth, of thc manufacturing; a sixth, of me commercial interests; and of a good poition of the rest . niaybe truly said it is impossible to tell to which party sey belong, Lor whose interests they advocate. The good eople of GreSt Britain were consequently left, as it were, lone, howlirb5 in the iilderness, destitute of any great landuarks t direct thiem in a steady course, to drift at andom on tshe wave of politics without rudder, compass, hart, or pilot4 But the English are like a flock of she4p, and cannot get tlongwithout7a bell-wether. Like all islanders, they are onceited and -clannish, and apt to mistake an inordmiate elf-love for patriotism. Though excessively obstinate for ;he momenit, ihey are peiTetually changing, and are anmong 'he few nations of tee eworld who find fault -with their ilers for doig eixactly wvhat they wishedthem to de. They -re xceedungly- pngnlacious-that is to say, though not fond if fighting themseles they are always wiliiig to pay others iio fight for them-are ever the first to clamour for war, to ind fault with the niode in which it is conducted, and to lesert the Mlinistry for making it the moment they begin to eccome sensibTe of its consequences. Though their opinions are seldom the result of their own reason and experience, but borrowred from some great bell-wether, whose clapper is louder than all others, they are preposterously opinionated, and, for the time being, pet their adopted bautlings as if they were their own offspring. Sully, the great Minister of Henry IV. of France, who was sent on a idiploinatic mission to England, thus briefly sketches the character of tbispeople:-"No nation," he sass, "is more haughty and insolent, or more conceited of its superior excelleluces. Were they to be believed, underst anding and -com3nion sense are -to be found only among themiseves. They are obstinately wedded to all their own opinions, thoutgh they are constantly changing them, despise those of every-other nation, and to hear others or suspect themselves is what never enters their thoughts. They are alsasamitiust taethlea inmates,and can seldom be persuaded to follow others, even when they think them right. Hence: the often do wrong in a pure spirit of opposition, or fronm fear of being suspected of copying they had contracted all the instability of the element by which tlhey are surrounded; twith them all things nmut submit 'to the dominion of the reignisng mode, and the only difference between them and the most inlconstant siation ill Europe is, that their inconstancy proceeds not frcui lightness, but from their vanity, wvhich continualy shows itself in a thousand different shapes. Their self-love renders them-slaves to their capricioushumours. What they at one time believe they have wisely planned or successfully accomplished is at another time .abandoned, withouat being able-to -xve' a' suicient reason for it; and they i are accordingly so undetermined in themselves that one would not take thenm for the same persons, and they not unfrequxently appear asitonlished at their owin irresolution. If w e examine wvhat .are caDed their maxims, vwe shall discover in themnonly the lavs of pride adopted by arrogance and self-love.". Of this conceited and variable flock the London Times Iseems, for the present, the great bell-wether; and certainly they could not have a snore appropriate leader. A people that changes with the wind should have a weathercock for a w guide. To irfluence a nation so variable, yet at the same time so vain and self-willed, it wiU never do to be always of the same opinion. They would soon be tired of sucl an oracle, even if its responses were the result ;of inspiration The pilot asist watch the variations of the compass, or he will soon be high and dry ashore. flen, we are-greatly inclined to the belief that the per- _Vual inconsistencies and contradictions of Thve Times pro. c,:d.d not so much froms a disregard to the obligations of truth as frompolicy. Its versatility is, we think, syste-_iatic. It has, doubtles, studied the character of the people it vspires to lead, and knowvs very w-el that, to be successfuLJ, it must beconse as inconsistenltas its followers. It is r s long ago thlat, in vindication of its serpentine cour-se, t'r * ? multifarious editor declared th.at his great object was to re tkect the opinions and feelings of the people of En-land. If, such is the case, he hlis been-admirably successful for we w' 1 venture to say tiat, in the course of its triumphant c eer, 27ts Times has reflected not only every shade of or ucin among its owni countrymen, but of the entire hinan s- ', of aU colours. There could not be a more proper exkol .ent of the opinions of a nation which, according to 1L hu. 'y, canm neither g,ve a good reason for doing or undoing wh -at they have done. B e, therefore, do not at all wonder thl TiYe Tneg has been so eminentlysuccessful in becomin ti X bell-we'therof a flock that strays in so many different .ions, and has no conuimon instinct of its oin- for its umde. It would be a more than Herculean task to follow T7ie Times through all its various tur'sn_-s and windngs,' or specify the innumerable somersets it has so dexterously achneved; and.-for this reason we shall confine ourselves to one or tw-o prominent examples which are probably familiar n to mo.t newsper readers.- We shall first allude to its course in relation to the Eastern war. At one time, and that very recently, it made the mnost unmerciful strictures on the conducti of the British commanders in the Crimea, and the Ministry under whose auspice3 they aced. The former were represented as old women, the latter as ignorant blunderers, and honest John Bull hsimf as a stultified ass, who wias shedding his blood and spendin- his money to no purpose. - Now, how ever, when, if anyt'in, British prowess and British rower have since that time gained no accession, but, on the contrary, sufered almost a total ecipse, and it is notorious to the whole world, except John Bull himself, that but for the valour and conduct of the French the British army in the Crimea would [have been complete'y annihilated-now T2%e?limes is strutting about, vauntingBritisIrprowess, British power, andlBritish glory. The war ha lately been so admirably conducted by the old women-the successor of the first of whom still, retains his command-thay Englarnd is-triumnphant everywhere under the special protection of the French Emperor. The Tiimes has taken one side of Sebastopol, that is quite clear ; slt fire to--half a score of Tartar vlllages in the Sea of Azoff and the Cimmerian Bosphorus; burnt the town of Taman, and captlred 70 pieces of refuse ordnance ; laid the gigantic northern monster filat on his back, Mme a great turtle ; and, to complete its glories, made a demonstration on this side the Atlantic that has frightened John Bull considerably mere than Brother Jonathan. Bieren the squire pullsbm his breeches, puts on fires off hisunsg illmnate is house, and sings TeDeuis with al the enthusiasnL of a saintosamartyr. By thus humouring the old gentleman in his propeasity to grumbe and swear at one moment and brag at another, the adroit 2imer keeps hiniinnaperpetual delinun t-enieno, alternately shivering with a reiension like a leaf or shouting in delriouse:tamyl'ea madman. The manner in which 2he Times deals with Lord John Russell is another apt illustration of its aimirable consistency. At on-moment it denounces him as atraitorto his associates in th6 Ministry, and the next recommends him as an excellent Minister, to the Court of Vienna. It sometimes tossalsimn in a blanket, like qancho Panza, and at others is perfectly willing to make him Governor of Barataria.n short, it deals with Lord John as the Chinese do with their Joshes, or, more appropriately, as some mothers do with-their children-it spankshim first, and then treats him to a stigr-plum to stop his mouth. But the great nasterpi-ce of The Times is the manner in uhich it plays with the Premier, one moment goring him with its horns, the next switchin, him with its tag, and anon ticlding his Vith a nettle. Its relations with that Miaister are as ituch in the dark as the secret of those of the needle to thecpole, and, like that mysterious guide, it is sometimes under the influence of attraction, at others of Tepulsioi. It i-% however, shrewdly suspected that there is at bottom a good understanding, and that the occasionally severe strictures .of The Times are only intended to render its praises more fectnaL This seems not improbable, as it has been observqI that it generallv arraigns his Lordship for those verY sneures besta calculated to make him more popular with theosople of England. Eis Lordship is somewhat of a weather-baten statesman, pretty well used to skinnng, and, like the eel, mnay possibly not take umbrage at suc" Nberties. However this mnay be, T;e 2Times is certainly either in thersecrets of some one of the mnembers of the British Cabinet, or gifted with second sight, since we have observed that its foreshadowings are followed by the actual substance, almost as invariably as the lightninmt precedes the thun&dr,- or the screams of the fish-haw the approach of the teripeAt But let us not attempt to penetrate too deeply iAto these mysteries. All we shall add in relation to that saaiy-headed and capricious phenomenon is, that its txeatment of h-Lordship reminds us of the proud :Spamsf ;varrior.*ho, i-n -s-toopi-ng d-o-wn t-o kds`st'h_e Po_p_e 'foe, managed at the same time to trip up his heels. Thig variable, - inconsistent, and apparently ridiculous course of 2he Tiaie*- is, however, not applicable to its late deportment towa;ds the United States, which has been uniform and unchafgeable. In speadng of the American people and their government, though it may not make use of vulgar Langaagr or passionate declamation, it indulges in the keenest, coolest sarcasm, and the most caustic indiguity; and, though it may not always utter diret falsehoods% insinuates. the most -insulting libels -by taking for granted facts whiclh have no eistence, of which it can pro- duce no proof but its own-assumptions, and reasoning from them as if thev w ere notorious to the whole world. We are not ce-desceneing to complaint or remonstrance,-but have a Igerpurpose ia, thus noticing the course of-a journal which aspires to be at one and the same time the organ of the Government.and people of England. The British Scribes and Pharisees, among whom 2T e ima is just now pre-eminent, and vrho are wooing our sympathies in such an effectual manner, are constantlv on the identity of lan uge between the people ofthe tnted States and Great Brstain as one of'the strongest bonds of union; and so it ought to be and would bewere it made subservient to national cotesy. But it iv atwvo'edged weapon and cuts both way& Itaabe either asbond'of amity orza source of perpetual iitation. When two persons perfectly undersfas each ether it is wvell to be cautious what-tleyeay. If their Iaiimuage is courtms and congiuiatis , tey wil probably be friends; -ifotherwise, they wi; rTarba Ibecme deter-' mined~eneies,and te saire so for thisdtntity of lan-1 It isthus itAit e isicaaisariffEnglish. They not6oly speak the same Iahguege, but their social and commercial relations are en Jntbnat,?, and their intercourse sp constant, that scarcely anythingof consequence is said or done in England tha, is not kniown within a few days to the great masses in th's United States. It is repeated mn a huQndred public 4eurnals, and read by millions of the most sensitive mortals, 2in respect to national reputation, on tht face of the earth. v vast majority of these see or hear of the insulting, spiteIful sarcasms or downright falsehoods emanating so con- stantly from the British-press in general, the pulblic journals, 1 and most especially the critical reviews, th mobst prominent of which are regularlyxepublished in the United States andtheirappearance is regularly announced, accompanied baprefiminary pufi; together with occasional extracfsadmirably calculated to wound the feelings, awvaken the resentment, or provoke the hostility of every citizen who cherishes a spark of patriotism in his bosom. Of these political mceadiaries, these firebrands of nations, the most courteously insulting and most artfully malignant is the London Tines. l None other can so dexterously insinuate a falsehood without actually commxitting itself, mingle an appearance of candour with the most bitter spleen, or smuggle a national libel in the guise of a delicate inuendo. It is at one time a roarig lion, l&shing itself into a frensy of rage, anon "' a sucking dove" cooino andwooing us intO the most delectable compelacency. Its bul-terrier pertinacity in cliging to our skruts and barking at OUr heels; its unceasingly impertinent meddling in otr domestic concerns- its arrogant attempts to dictate to the Government of the baited States its duties and its obligations; its coarse and bitter sarcasmus, cothed in decorous terms that veil their deformity, yet are replete with innate thvlgaity; and, above aLl, its intolerable caourtesies its hypocritical afFectaton f the charatder of atwatchfulMestacr to theiyoung Temachus-alt these combined, we do not hesitate to say, have made more enemies in the United States than ali our recolections of past injuries, all our anticipations of future hostility, and, in fact, all other caulses cosbined. Like the unfortunate damsel-in the fairy tale, it cannot open its mouth without vomiting toads and . adders, either palpable' or in disguise, and, together with the almost entire British press, it has become a standing libel on the people of thc United States, their national charatetcs, their social habits, their institutions, and their govermment. It werel& seeni that, having no longerithat old stereotyed o the wof abuse , theuepe ofcth Unitedt States have becone the residuary legatees of' the' national spleen. To please John BUll it is absolutely necessary to alimiister, at one and the same time, to his arro-' gance and his vagnity, by tickldm him with the notion that ne himself is the olty staondard of perfecion, and al otlers no betterutha" "outer barbarians? He would never have patience to stagger under his increasing burden of tahation and monopoly here he not fully persuadeef his superinriy over the rest of the porld. Hence Tope Tises, though occasionally serving the old gentleman pretty severely, at the rame timea adroitly mXanages to lead him by the nose by matking hm believe it is folowinmg at his heels, and echoing his own opinions.. If, nsotwvithstanding these appliances, John grumbles andg seratehes his head a little, The Times touches him upphy ptting him on the hack 'with the glories of the war in the rinmea, the approaching downfall of the "great northern monster," together 'owth somethng spicy about those l abominable Filibusters. In this crusade of Thlk e Tiio s and its associates of the British press they have no doubt succeeded in one thingthey have sowan drngons' teeth, that may One day spring up armed men; they have implanted a deep-rooted feeling Of resentment in the hearts of the people of the United retes; ithef he,' irneal greattimeasurne ialienated spene 20,4i00h ofei peope,whse postthBteitywaill, isno as few galenerations, in a probabi7ity number 100,000,000, and inhert the feelngs of theisp fathers. There was a time when a large portion of this people looked up to England with ana affectionate seneration sonewhatrapproaching to filial piety; but who will now 'no longer acnowledt e a mother who, while clainsing their sympathy, is perpetualy assailing theis by every demonstration of unnatural saniqathy. The two 1overnments may talk in courtly diplomatc phrase of " the fiendly relations so happIly subsisting between them r d hut' there will be no peace, no relations but those of serdid interest, htile one continues to infict perpetual insul7ts and caluninies through the medium of her press, and the other thvey csnitselftby retaliation W Ue canou olngl dise'nsted. withates iseirse; but thepBritsh neation idenot as yet fallen so low as to render es indifferent to its abuse. We have dwelt thus emphatically upon this tubject in no spirit of hostility to england, and without any speci.al reference to the plesetit stae of relations betheen ptIhe' United States and that country. Neither has it been our obect to stimulate oulr countrymen to any hostile feelin's W e thought it might be as w ell to let the wrorld know why the people of the r nited States have declined to sthize with England in what she calas this wmr of rsianity, cnilization, and liberty. The British press has charged them with' being unnatural and ungratefil,- andtalmstno iexhutedy the language~ inordeialaroty th e-ms disgracefln epithets, bedausertsh,eay witahhold teiu syenscpte Wf have told them one reason, and will now tell thesisi another, which is itself asnficient to account for this extraordinary phenomenon. It wil be sufficient to remind them. thatlattheb insrecthe Governments of Enland and F e aUnnouced thseir intentio to "chumble" the Czar, they accompanied or speedily followed it by an intimation that they contemplated confering-a like favour on the United' States. The first was perfectly wvell understood;* it did not requhre "r a spiatual medium" to tell us what it - eant; and this adrost mode of wooing the sympathies of the Amertcan people in behalf of the Anglo-French aliance mot unacconitabny, atv least, in the estimahton of the people of England, ended nm awaenig their syenpathie in favour of The British Scribes and Ph.-iiees, with The T'imes at their head, may cant as much as they please about commson pthy,atnsortoftwaddlre. There kisndre bood, nor commonr inte nor intimidentity of lan guage, nor siilarity ofr ligion, habits, and manners, can stand the rouah encounter of 5ard words and a perpetual repcetition of tTse most inri-- tating, insulting, and exaggerated misrepresentations. What nght, then, has England-to demand our sympathies in the present or cayother war in which she is thearessor? Wvhat right has she to expect the aid or co-operation, eithler directly or indirectly, of the people or Government of tie Unitedl Stsates, wvhile the whole course of her policy towards them is that of a jealous rival, if not a secret enemy, and her language that of insult and obloquy ? This moatc of wooing the affections of a nation will never succeed anyw-here, most especially with a high-spirited, intelligent, and reading pesiphe. WVhen England shalli treat the people and Goverinnent of the UJnited States with common pathy, and no eoe hr snoohrwy ete infancy, but will not-do in our manhood. Hercules has left his cradle, and can walk alone.
THE ALLEGED POISONIN6G AT RUGELEY. TO THE EDITOR OF THIE TIMES. Sir,-I perceive that the police have not yet been successflxx in discovering the' betting-hook of the late iMr. Cooke, which they think-would unravel the mystery of the counexion which existed between him and Mfr. W. Palmer. Permit me, thierefore, through your cblumnns, to hint to the Chief Constable, of Stafford and theenuthorities who have the charge in hiand that the same result might probably be obtailed:by their re esting,byinennsofa writte6nnotice at Tattersall1's, that. Z2 mebersas lost to Mrr. Cooke at the Shrewshury niectixig should send xin a statement of the amount they paid him, and, if possible, in what kind of notes. -We should t'hen arrive at somethin-'3iear the truth, as at .present the stronig presomption is itYat the hook has beein put into the fire and destroyed. The affair-has, asmilithe expected, completely paralyzed all speculation on the turf. Notwithstanding that a contemporary has stated that if a score or mnore bettingmenwere removed their loss Would not be felt, I must be permitted to state that in no quarter more t-han amnongmembers of the ring has greater sympathy been felt forthevicim,or oreanxetydi~aye toaid the cause of jstie aaint te prso wh isaccsedof the crime. I am. Sir, your obedlieht seruant- ARGUS. -. .V.,U vt '
THE INCOMEBTAX. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TMS. Sir,-Pray can youinfohn me why more fairness is not exercised in the collection of the income-tax? I am acquainted with several persons inlondoi whose yearly business profits must far exceed 100L., and yet they manage to evade paying this tax ;* and. at my native place-a small town in Susex-several tradesmen there scarcely knowv the rhatnre of the tax; the nonpayment of it is, to them, as a rnatter of coulrse. . . Any clerk in Iondon obtaining the munIiScent salary of 100L. per annum is called upon by the collectors with ueerring accuracy to contribute his qulota for supporting the honour of England; sureyit is only right -that the same vigilance should be exercised towards alldclasses. I am, Sir, yoir very obedient servant. H. H.
A Rnsw,&NT or. = x BLAcK Esiuts inr1 "Tar Tbmrrs-ornE-ln our last volume we gave ilustrations of tosepars o tis anit.t w llo ondon which then exised,andsom hitorial artculrs.One, of these of EwardIL Ugen wan of pacehasled to the now we have to mnentionw the'discoveyo.aprino the building which iucceoded the moeacntn. The Black Friars came -to t-his site (fromi Holborn) in Mt76, Rokesby, 3layor of London, basving procured it for them. Robedt Eiwarby, Archbishop of CanterbuEry, built the church for them in the earl-y part of the reig ofEdwad LIn 182 hey btanedlicense to break downthecit wal, ad rmov itwestward, for the enlagemnt f teirdsuiih? wichwasthen made vyery spacous Aler he isalutoh f te mionastery the chuch as ulld dwn;andhet wenow h4ve the plinthi and oundtio of ne f th littresesbrough t to liht, afe ben iidSOer;to turn up in such. position, too,-in temdto heprinting-house 'of 2The Timzes niewspaeer. The plinth stanids ou,a mass ..oLr ragstone and. chl,6feet high. Thie plinth itsef projects from what wasthle face of the wvall, -4 fee 5 inches from east to westis 2feet6t inches wide, and 2feet 4 inches high, including a chamfer; 2 inches high, which runs roundl it. Close to thu buttress, on the south sideof it is what would seemato have been the jamb of adoorway. Itis interesting to refleecton this remnant of the snedival church, grown round and preedoutofsigt y te ostwoderuland momentous reslt f iteligece,orgniztio, ad cpitl i te world. Theconuncionis lI sbjet fr apoe. Wntof room wil neesstat th reova oftheoldremnant, and we hav te~titrigt herfoe t nteits dlacoeq and
THE WORKINg MEN'S COLLEGE. The results of an experimentin educatiori of some interest and novelty have just been brought under public notice in the shape of a report on the state and progress of an institution called " The Working IMen's College," established in the metropols u wardsof a ear ago, under the benevolent auspices of the Rev. F. D. jaurice, the preacher of Lincoin's-inn, and a few other maes of kindred sympathies, for the regular and systematic instr0ction, as its name imports, of all classes of operatives and artisansin this cit in various branches of knowledge. Making allowance for the sanguine feelings with which men of strong philanthropic instincts are wont to regard projects which they inaugurate for the benefit of their kind, and for the buoyant, hopeful spirit which renders them the last to recognize or acknowledge failure, this document, written by 31r. Maurice, is characterized by much tlat is interesting, and, upon the whole, cheering, while it affords for the institution in question seine augurye of ultimate success. The attempt to educate the working classes has ever been beset by difficulty and discouragement of the most formidable Innd, as every one knows who has ever taken any actual part in it, or merely stood by in the character of a casual spectator. The labours, necessities, an4 vicissitudes of their daily lives, leaving them but small leisure and less spirit to make any continuous and well-sustained effort in adult age to overtake an education neglected by themselves in early life or denied by the indigence or indifference of their parents, and the improvident habits of many of them, have alwvays throirn serious obstacles in the wvay of amelorating their condtion in the mass through the instrumentality of education. Not that much has net been done with that view from time to time, and especially dunn; thle last 25 years, through the agency of mechanics' institutes and of cheap publications of an instructive, entertainng, and humanzing tendency compiled by men with that combination of abilty and benevolence which has given, for instance, to the brothers Chambers, Mr. Charles Knight, and other kindred spirits, an honourable reputation; but it is a fact, now adniitted on all hands, that the persons for whose especial advantage those institutions were established, and those good men labeured, have not, except in a very lmited proportion as compared with the numerical force of their owvn class, and, perhaps, still more as compared with persons of a higher social rank, availed themselvesof themeaus and appliances provided for their self-culture, recreation, and happiness. Thle trnith is that when those efforts were oniganally set on; foottmnany years ago they were but ill-adapted to reach, or, at all events, to in'duence permanently, and to any great extent, th class for whom theywere especiallyintended. Thiswas attributable tothe wantof even thatelementary infonuntion in the then adult portion of the working-classes necessary to enable them to profit by the advantages of a better education than placed within their reach; and the result has been that mechanics' institUtes, partly from that cause, and partly from the desultory msode in which they imparted instruction, have long since relinquished the pretensions to an educational character with which they first set out, and have settled down throughout the country into newsrooms and eirculating libraries, in whichl capacity, however, their value in the main in diffusing varied and useful information, andin diverting the minds of the rising generation from demoralizing pursuits, cannot be questioned; while the lessrs. Chambers have over and over again had to make renewed attempts to adapt their little instructive and entertaining miiscelanies to that state of imperfect elementary knowledge upon which they had not reckoned in the first instance in the class for whoseenlightenment and amiusement they wirote. hndaunted by the limited and qualfied successof previous labourers in the field, Professor Maurice and his coadjutors liave taken in hand the education of the working classes, upon a plan anid under circumstances whicl atpresent pronise a fair amount of success. In founding their college for working men in Red Lion-square they did not consider it possible or desirable to determine who did or did not fall within the class of working men, but wisely, as we think-, invited al to join it who bore that name, or were willing to be associated with those who bore it. The result has been, as sbown bya classification of the students, that, though nerly a fourth of them consists of clerks, accountants, anid the like, fully three-fourths are actually artisans of various kinds. The authorities in the college say they do not in the least regret the exceptions to this rule-they did not even wish that they should be less numerois-for one niaui object of the institution w-as to unite men of different grades in the sanie studies, whose different occupations might otherwise keep them apart, and that end -was chiefly promoted by the fellowship of teachers and learners. The instruction is sought to be imparted entirely through the instrumentality of classes, over which competent persons preside, and several of them, vwe believe, ratuitously, and the curriculum embraces, among other subjects, politics, lawl, geography and histor, the Engish language id literature, dswni, modeLling, languages (ancient aid modemn), natural phuYosoplsy, mechanics, chvmistry, and m.athematics. A Bible class is also held on Sunday even ings; and an adult school has been established in connexion wvith the college, and as a preparation for it. The age gate number of students attending the different classes ws i the first term, 145; in the second term, 155; in the third, 158; in the fourth, 174; and in the fifth, just concluded, 233, - showing a steady progression from the very commencenient. It remains toe seen whether the attemadance will be kept up at this rate, for many would doubtless join such an institution fiom a feeling little higher than that of novelty. The classes and subjects of study were pur posely made as numerous as possible, in the first instance, in order that the students might attach themselves to those most congemal to their tastes, and in their choice they have exhibited much practical sense. The selection, it was also supposed, would indicate to the anthorities the particular classes which it wvould be desirable to maintain permanently, in the event of the experiment being successtul. The studies most in requisition in the college have beenFrench, Latin, drawing, algebra, geometry, and English literature. The attendance in the Fresch class rosefronmi40inthesecondterm to883 inthefifth - thatin the Latin class from 29 in the second term to 4l in the fifth. In the GreeLk class there were only 4 students; in that of law from 4 to 5; in that of physical geogrphy from 3 to 7; in tnat of mechanes, 6 ; and that and the class of natural philosophy have been temporarily discontinued for special reasons. The attendance on the class for politics has mereased from 8 to 15; that on geogaphy and the history.of Englandfrora 9 to 17; that on tisetugsh poets from 12 to 16; and that on drawing from 33 to 48 The students, on the other hand, in the algebra and geometry classes have decreased, the former from 46 to 25, the latter from 21 to 18. The students include :-Operatives, building trades (carpenters, &c.), 1S; cabinet-makers, upholsterers, pianoforte-makers, gilders, frame-makers, decorators, 14; jewellers, goldsmiths, watch and clock-makers, opticians, instrument-makers, 12- draughtsmen, lithographers, map-engravers, 6; modellers, designers, wirew-orkers, 6; engineers, machinists, 8 ; wood-turners, woodengavers, 3; printers, compositors, bookbinders, 14 ; bootmakers, tailors, 10; miscellaneous, 10; cler, 53 ; tradesinen, tradesmen's-assistants, and warehousemen, 36 professional men, 17 ; and schoolmasters, teachers~, 8 ; sundry occupations, iS ; total, 233. It is matter for regret that the college, though entirely out of debt, is far from beinQ at present self-supnornrugthe payments of students, wh1ch amounted to 286b, being only equal to little more than half of the current expenditure. The total receipts down to Christmas, 1855, were 8661. 5s. 2d., and the expenditure amounted to 8061. 7.,. 4L, leaving a balance in hand of 591. 17s. 10d. It is gratifying to think that the friends of the institution, upon -whose libCrali4t it must for some time still depend, have contributed neaxly 5201. towards its maintenance. The Principal s-tates that he and those who act with him have laid themselves under the obligation of offering instruction in polities and theology, as well as in physical sciences, though they leave their pupils free to choose which of the lessons they will frequent and which they WMil reject. Many of their arnticipations had been belied or modified by their first year'sexperience; but everythingthathadhapcfned had strengthened them in the conviction that their fundamental priniciples were sound, an&Ithat if they ct upon themn consistently the -working people, for whosebe nefit the enterprise was undertaken, ill eeltheirtruth more and more. The institution s about to enter upon another phase in its history, and he .would be a churl indeed who would not wish success to an experiment having so benevolent an object in view, and prompted and sustained by so much generous self-denial and voluntary and unrequited labour.
To THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The perusal of a recent article in ne Times on the subject ofcompleting regiments of the Line by volcnteers from the Militia hasled me tobelieve that you may be willing to receive suggestions on the subject. - YOu appearto tlainktlatincrcacedinduccmunth are necessary; that it is requisite to reduce the term of years for which men enlist; and that it is desirable to give to officers of the MElitia increased ranlk and a larger number of com,missions in the Line in proport-on to the number of men who voluntterfromtheirreniments. Let all this be done if necessary; but first let it be ordered that every single man of 19 years of age, of 5ft. 5Bi, ia height, and who is pronounced to be in every respect fit for service by a competent medical officer, be allowed to volunteer withont any limit as to nunsber. There are several honest and patriotic commanding officers who already allow this,- but -y far the greater nunber throw every impediment in the way of volunteering 'from their regiments. In nine cases out of ten, when Militia regiments have been caUed upon to volunteer, a far larger number have stepped forward than the present reglations have permitted. The result is that a selection is made, and, as every commanding officer and adjutant is desirous of retaining his best men, the best are certainly not sent.' Let all who are willing to volunteer be permitted ta do so immediately, and I belevethat intwomonthstheregiments of the Line would be complete. - If this plan be adopted the rivalry between the recruiting sergeants of the Line and of the Militia will soon cerse, because the Militia will keep the Line complete; aad recruiting sergeants will only be necessary from and for the As long as any limit is placed to the numbers -who are at liberty to volunteer from the Militia into the Line the Line (or, Ishould rather sty, the regular forces) wilirenmain incomplete.:- Do Away ivith any limitation as to numbers and allow every Militia soldier who is willng to do so to volunteer whenever he wishes, and the regular army will be comr plete before the smrirz. .. A IlE OFCER. JTLS. _ : .,EPRATum-In the report of the meeting at Nevwcastle-upon-Tyne for the reformation of juvenile offen. dons in 2Dhe Times of yesterday the name of MIr. Grey of Dilston Mas, in consequence of the iegibility of the manuscript, printed Guy.
COUBT OF BANKRUPFCY. Baitng1w2l-sic-C Jan.4& APPLYCATION FOR DISMCARC (Before Mr. ConiTtissioner EV£Axs.) lMr. PLEWVS applied to the Court on behalf of a debtor, named Pocock, a brickmaker, 'of Islington, to order his discharge under the 2flth section. The trader had filed his petition in this court under the arrangement clauses, had obtained protection, but bad subsequently been taken into eustedv. MU . BAGLEY, on behalf of the petitioning creditor, 3Mr. Smith, objected to the discharge, and contended that, as the trader had been guilty of a breach of trust and contempt of the Court of Chancer unider an attachment, from which he wvas in custody, this Com-t had no jurisdiction. His HONOUR, in giving judgment, said this wvas an application on the part of a person who had become insolvent, and had obtained his protection from this Court, but was afterw~ards taken under an attachmenit from the Court of Chancery for not paying a sum of money into court in a suit against him as admnhistrator. His discharge vwas obh ected to-first, on the gound that he was guilty of a trust; secon ly, that he was not protected from arrest for contempt; and, thirdly, that the Court has no jurisdiction. It appears to me that no evidence has been given to show that he has conunitted any breach of trust. As to the committal for contempt, I have looked into the authorities, and it is decided that if the attachment may be dissolved by pa ent of a sum of money protection protects the party. Ippears to me that the Conrt bas jurisdiction. I understand it has been decided iu a late case in the Court of Exchequer. I therefore shall give order that he be discharged. In answer to Mr. BAxLEv, His HeoKour said he saw nothing to induce hinnto require baiL X RBE Sfl'SPSON. The bankrupt was a bill broker and commission agent of St. Swithin's-uane and Herne-bay. This was the certificate mneeting. The debts are 3,941.; the assets arc small. There was no opposition. His Hosour. observed that the law costs, 1,7271., were unusually large; and, on learning that they had been incurred by defending actionS said he must suspend the certificate for sLx months-when granted, to be of the second class. US RiE Cf. L. LONGPILS. The bankrupt was described as a merchant, of Pilgrimstreet, Ludgate-hilL This vas the certificate meeting. The accounts extenid over seven mouths, and show, a surplus on the 15th of March Last of 1,0191. The unsecured creditors nowr amounted to 7,2991. ; liabilities, 2,1871. The assets consisted chiefly of consigmuents to France, Holland, and other places, valued at 3,9771.; other assets, 2401.; doubtful debts, 1,0121. There were no profits; the losses were 1,7621.; trade and personal expenses upwards of 1,0001. Mr. BP.EtwER said the trading had been anything but justifiable, but he had no specific instructions to oppose on the part of any creditor. The hooks had been well ept. Mr. SPRExS, for a creditor, opposed, on the grounid that the bankrupt had made consignments to parties who were not trustworthy. MWr. L&\WEANMCE supported. Hlis Hioxoun said it wams a had case for the creditors, but lc saw nothing fraudulent or dishonest. Be-should grant a certificate of the second class. (Before Mr. Commnissioner FAnc) Ln BE JOSEPL SKINNER. The bankrupt was an auctioneer in Bouverie-street, fleetstreet. This was an adjourned examination meeting. Mr. Chidley appeared for the bankrupt 3r. Catlin for the assigiiees; and Mr. Pearce for Mr. W.boyd Smith. Lt a tolnuer meeting Mr. Smith presented a petition for the removal of Mr. Cooke, the trade assignee.. It was objected that the petition could not be heard,'being -without signature. The CouRT held the objection valid, and an order was made that the petitioaier should pay his costs thereof. The taxing-master upon this order allowed Mr. Cooke the entire costs consequent upori resistinfg the petition. nr. PE:RCE now submitted that it was the intention of the Court to allow Mr. Cooke only the costs of the day, and prayed that the alloN-ance of costs might be reviewed. Mr. BAGLEY, for Mr. Cooke, said the order was drawn up by two leaned gentlemen, signed by the judge. His HO_xORu said, although he signed it, the words, which were neither grammar nor anything else, escaped his attention. An or&r would now be made, permitting anotlier petition to be presented for the removal of Mr. Cooke on the pa-Tent of costs of the day. 31r.AucE, for Mr. Snmith, now wvished to oppose the bankrupt passing his exauination. Mr. ADLEn ' objected, and submitted that Mr. Pearce lhad no locus standi. The bankrupt's examination was in September last adjourned sine die, protection beig refused. He was thereupoii arrested, and had ever since been Mr. Smith having proved his debt, Mr. CauLxEY submitted that he was not in a position both to retain the banskrpt in custody and to oppose his passing his examiniation. The CournT overruled the objection. The bankrupt was examined at great length touching the removal of seine furniture from Smith's, during which 1r. Pearce ask-ed him whletller he had not stolen it. The bankrupt indignantly repelled the alle-ation. Mnr CIIIDLEV said t'ie fact -was Mlr. SmitYs's claim originated in an action of trespass conseuent upon the removal of some furniture from Mr Smith's house. The action went against the bankrupt. His Hoeoun, upon the whole, thought the bankrupt's accoumts were reasonably ecoratc , and passed his exu'ation. Th RE J THOMAS. The bankrupt was anewspaper proprietor and publisher of Catherine-street, Strand. There w;as no objection, and he -was awarded a first-class certificate.
lYSOLVENT DEBTOR' COURT, Jan. 4. IS RE JONATHAN ERICE. (Before the CBmF CO-nsTONIS ) ilus msolvent, formerly a basketmaker, was opposed by Mlr. Macrae on behalf of a creditor named Baxter. The opposing creditor, about two years ago, sold to the insolvent a quantity of osiens for Wi., on account of which only about 16. had subseqnently been Daid, and it was com_lamned that the petition was filed chief to get rid of Mr. taxiter'sdhbt. The insolvent replied that his business had been unprofitable, and he had been compelled to give it up, and vas now working as a fellowship porter at Billingsgate, earnig about 30s. per week. His total debts were 1421. The CMEF Co03nssro?IER thought there had not been a disposition to discharge Mr. Batter's debt and probably on the next occasion the final order might not be immediately granted. A day was then named for the final order. (Before Mr. COmWisioner MURPHY.) IN 'RE B. LySTLEVOOD. This case had stood over for the learned Commissioner to considerapoint raised upon a former day-whether the Court bad the powecr in, protection cases to appoinit assignees on granting the final order, one member of the Court bein" of opinion that assignees could onlybo appointed on the firs hearing, or any adjornument thereof. lMr. Commissioner hluan'v considered he had the pow er to appoint an assignee ateither stage of the case, and accordingly did so on the present occasion.
MiIDDLESEX SESSIONS, Friday, Jan. 4. (Before Ar?:. WrrHt an2d a Bench of Magistrates, at Czerkenwaell.) Charles Iempey, 28, -was indicted for unlawfully assaulting and beating LuLe James Tompkins, a constable of the metropolitan police force, in the execution of his duty. Mr. Metcanle appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Cooper for the prisoner. - At a late hour in the night of the 11th of November the prosecutor, a constable of the N division, No. 315, was on hutyim the Holloway-road, and information was given to him that some persons were ontheroof of. a shop.belonging to Mr. Lamer, which was about 14 feet from the pavement. He procured another constable, who assisted him to get on the roof, when he found the prisoner and two other men lyng down. One of them had a heavy bludgeon in his hand, and on seeing the prosecutor he aimed a blow at him with it. He seized the prisoner, and a fearful struggle took place between them on the roof, and, unfortunately, the prisoner succeeded in what clearly was his object, and threw uim over. By the fall he broke his left arm, but with the rght he seized the prisoner, who dropped from the roof a£ter him, and the struggle was renewed; they were up and down several times; but at length the pnsoner got the prosecutor's ,head against the bottom of the rrilings, and knocked it igainst the pavement until he became exilausted. Another constable came up and secured the p-i soner, and the other two were also taen- but when before the ma, istrato-one was discharged, the second was sent to prison for six weeks, and the prisoner was sent to this court for rial The prosecutor was -in St. Bartholomew's Hospital seven weeks, and he could not even now bend his arm. For the defence Mr. COOPER urged that it wasnot conclusive that the prisoner deliberately threw the policeman over the roof, and that the case was one of assaullt only. The Jury found the prisoner Guilty of wilfully throwing 'heprsecu4rfrotheroof. tCoV said he understood there were witnesses in abeng t speak to the prisoner's good character, butb on beingoalle,none answere Mr. MnrOAan as Mr. Cooper had stated that he had witnesses to the prisoner's geed character, and none hbd a pearcd, proposedto alltwinesseshimself toshow what the man's character really was. Mfr. CoOPER strongly objected to such a proceeding. A-police sergeant in the court here said there was a man present who said he had known the prisoner all his life. Mr. CoorER called him forward -and asked him what he knew as to the prisoner's character. The witness said he knew that he was avery bad charactei indeed. .- Mr. Coorpa indignantly remarked that a man volunteering such evidence, under the pretence of comng forward to serve a prisoner, must be actuated by some dart malignant,andmalicious feeling, and, in his opimon, a more contemptible wretch could not exist. The chief officer attending from the Hiouse of Correction stated that somie-sears since the prisoner underwent a sentence of 18 months for an assault on the police, and since then -he had been tried for highway -robbery, but they had not yet had time to trace hnn through the itunious books of the prison ofr. Wrrnr said, under these circ-unstances, he should respite the sentence umtil the next session. Auguste Starke, 22, sugar-baker, was indicted for unlaw2 fully and maliciously assaulting and wounding Henrich Iitte. Mnr. Platt appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Metcalfe for the defence. The rosecutor was in the employ of Messrs. IMartineau, of Petticoat-lane, sugar-refiner, and lived in Bilt-street, St. George's. On the 15th of December he was at a publichouse in -Ruper-street Whitochapel, in company with others of the same business as himself andon entering the dancing-room one of them Iaideldefhim andanothergave him a blow on the head. He ran down the stairs, and waited awhile in the street, and Was about to -enter the house when several laid hold of him and pulled him about. Having extricated bhiiself, he ran avamy; they ran after him. and one of them gave hun several blows on the head with some instrument, and blood streamed down his face, but he did not see who it was., One Wilhelm Schedan stated that he saw the prisoner strike the prosecutor in the house, and that he afterwards saw hin in the street with a knife in his hand, and heard him say, "I have given it the - with this." There had been a quarrel between some of 3Messrs. Martinean's men and sore of another firm about some trifling matter at the publichouse, and the prisoner was heard to saythathewould runthefirst ofMessrs.mlartineaufs men lie met through with a knife, even if he had ten years isn Cilerkenwell gaoi for it. When arrested the pDrisoner adsuitted that he struck the mnan, hut denied that be had used any hnfe. There ware some little contradictions between the witnesses. The prosecutor had six incised wounds on his hea.^ Mr. MIETOClvE contended that if any case was made out agaist the prisoner at all it was simply one of assault, and that it was notproved that he had used thelknifeor weapon with which the wounds were inflicted. The jury could not ge,aud, afterbeing lockedup from half-past 11 till nearly 4 o'clock, they were sent for, and, as they could not agreeto a verdict, and were not ikelyto do so, they w ere discharged by consent wvithout coming to a decision, and the prisoner pleaded " Guilty" of common assault. Mr.WI'rnx entencedhimto three months' imprisonment. Joseph Wright was indicted for stealing seven pevwter pots, the property of John Treble. The prosecutor was the landlord of the Blue Posts publichouse, Wcst India Docks, Limehouse, and about 10 o'clock on the night of the 10th of December the prisoner vwas stopedIa pliceman at Hackney, as he had something bulky under his coat, wlhich he said was "nothing." He bad a stnip round him, and on it were 14 pewrter pots, seven of which ad th prosecutor's name on them, and he could not tell what he was going to do with them, or how -he got them. The prisoner had been in the taproom of the prosecutor's houso that evening, and had half a pint of beer, and must have taken the pots from there. He had constantly used the same room for the last six months, and during the whole of that time pots had been missing. He had regular employment at the docks. The j ary found tlieprisoner Guiltu. 3\Tr. _%VrHA said this sort of lAunder was very serious to pubxlicans, who must be protected from such depredation, at least as far as punishing the offenders went IThe Court would pass severe sentences on pot-stealers, and he should send the prisoner to hard labour i the House of Correction for nine calendar months. William Stockley, 21, clerk, was indicted for fraudulentlv obtaining by false lpretences two sums amounting to 9s. iOd., the moneys of John Mullins, 'with intent to defraud. M1r. V. J. Payne appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Langford for the prisoner. The circumstances of this case were these:-The prisoner has been well known about the Sessions-house for several years past, having during that time acted in the capacity of clerk to two gentlemen of the bar practising in the court, his last employer being Mr. M'Enteer. In the month of October a man nanied Mullins was tried on a charge, and defended by Mr. 3PEnteer, the result being an acquittal, and thereupon Mfr. M'Enteer applied to the presiding judge, Mr. Withaio, to direct that certain poheenien who ad been sitnesses in the case should be prosecuted for perjury, but the applestion was not granted. The prisoner at that time had been discharged from Mr. l'linteer's service for ninsconduct, and after the trial of Mullins he applied to him for the address of the parties, stating that he had been sent for it by Mr. Wright, an attorney, with a view to proceedings for perjury, which, howevcr, was false. Having obtained a clue to the whereabouts of Mullins, the prisoner went to him, and, by representing that he had been sent by Mr. M'Enteer for mon;ey to take out summonses &kc., to prosecute the policeconstables in question for per'ury, he obtained from Mrs. Mulins on one occasion is. and on another 5s. IOd. This afterwards came to Mr. M'Enteer's knowledge, and he caused the prisoner to be apprehended, it not beiiig a solitary instance of such conduct on Ihis part. The prisoner admitted to thepoliceman who took him that he received the money, but said Mr. M'Enteer liad sent him for it. Mr. VFEuteer was called and examined. He said that he was a barrister, pratising at No. 2, Pump-court, Temple. The risoner at the bar was in his service for 12 months, and efthim aboutthrec orfour months ago. He recollected being counsel inI the case of a person named ullins, whom lie defended, and who was acquitted. The prisoner at that time was not in his service. ue came to him athischambers pnnie time before the 7th of December, hut ha only remained a fewv moments. He said lie had come from MIr. Wright, anx attorney, to get the name and address of the prisoner whlom he (MIr. lPEinteer) had defended. He replied that he could not recollect the name, but that the address was some p lace nearly opposite the Angel, at Islington. He (wlitness) said it was a place something like Snith's-buildings Sonie question arose about perjury after the trial of Mullins, and witness applied to his Lordship (Mr. 'Wiitham), who tried the case, to give his certificate to indict the police-officers vho gave evidence on the trial for pemjury, but Uis Lordship refesed to do so. Witness was taking no steps at the tume the prisoner called upon him towards bringing the parties to trial for perjury, and it was not the partof ounsel to do so. He did not recolect telling the prisoner to go to Mr. Wright about the casc of perjury. He never gave the prisoner authority to go to Mris. Mnuiins to receive 4s. or 5s. l0d., but cautioned him particularly when he gave 1im the address not to take any money for him. There were other matters going on at the sain time. Cross-exausined by Mr. IANiGFORD.-oAfter he (M'Enteer) had applied to the learned judge to direct that the policemen should be indicted for perjury he saw Mullins two or three times at Mis chambers, when he told him that he had a good ease against the policemen for perjury. The trial took place on the 10th of October. When the prisoner sapplied for the address of Mullins he (wi tness) was not awaLre that he was present at the trial H3e was for 12 months his cleric, and never knew him to act in that capacity since, except in two or three cases when he came from Mr. Wright's office. He never gave 1dm since any instructions to act for him. He delivered one or tvo messages to himn in Westninster-haU from Mr. Wright and another person when lie handed him the briefs. He would swear that he -had brought him no cases in persou since he left himn. UIponthe day the prisoner came to -him for the address of Mullins witness told him that he did not know the name of it, but that it Nvas in some buildings nearly opposite the Angel at Isington, and remarked that he was to take care and get no money from them. He would swear that he did not write the address upon a piece of paper. He did not recolect writingona piece of paper, "If you cannot find the address, Bagot is one of the witnesses." He might have said, " If you cannot find the parties, one of the witnesses is living in the house, and is named Bagot." The reason he said, he was to take mmre and get no money was because he had been charged vith 6etting money from other parties. He did not recollect going to M1r. Wright's office about the perjury case. He went there about other matters, and might have spoken to hirm about it, and said there eas a good case to take up for perjury. He might hare said, " lr. Wright, there is a good case of perjury, and I recommend you to take it up." He had no recollection of saying "that sometling might be made out of it." When Mrs. Mullins and a polceman came to him and asked him if he had received the money he denied it, and, knowing where the prisoner was then employed, be went thete, and, having caUed a policeman, gave him into custody. Re-examined.-During the12 months the prisoner was 'n my emloy his conduct was not satisfactory.j Mlr. ItGrosD addressed the jury, and in the course of his speech urged that there was no evidence to prove that any frand had been committed, and that the prisoner had acted without any fraudulent intention. Mr. WmrsiTr summed up the evidence, and The jury returned a verdict of Guilty of receiving the mnoney with a fraudulent intention. Mr. WirT's sentenced him to hard labour for 12 alerndar.months.
POLICE. 1A~NSI0N-HOVSr_--Thomas Croomo, clerk to Mressrs. CarIjile,- Pitnian and Co., of Bow-lane, -warehousemen, was brought before the LoRD MA4won andt Aldennan CorErk-,D' for final examination upon- the charge of having stolen valious sums of money, the property of his employers. The prisoner having elected tob re efore a petty sessions of magsrtes rather thani before a jury at thie Centr,al Criminal Court, hzs Lordship and Alderman Copeland sat to adjudicate, and The pisoe pleadedl " Guilty." Mr itnnsaid that, in comnpasson to t'he mother of the prisoner, andl in the hope that such a lenient course as the prosecutors were 'disjiosecl to adopt would operate upon t'he grateful feelings of thdifirisoner and tend to hiis reformation, they would foreg4thecharges of several other robberies vhich ho had coniimittedl by mnaking false entries in the books of the establishmnent, and they would also recommend the pisoner to the mterciful consideration of the bench. Te LORD MAYon said, the bench had been made acquainted with the various instances of kidndness practised towards the prisoner and his family by the gentlemen who bad so reluctantly felt it to be their dluty to prosecute, and bad taken into consideration the -words used recommending a merciful sentence. They could3not, however, in justiceto society, pass a miore lenient .judgment in a case of such a character than that the prisoner should be imiprisoned for six calendar months. Hyam Jacobs was charged in petty sessions -with having stolen a glazier's diamond, the prpryof Joseph Simeon. The prisoner, it was proved, rM tI the article out of a drawer in the prosecutor's house, pawnied it and sold the duplicate of it to another person. The prisoner attempted to chow that he had himself purchased the ticket in the country, but in the attempt more clearly established the accusation against him. - He was sentenced to imprisonmient for 21 days. Thoma~ Gunyon and John Waird were sentence anet sessions to be whipped for having stolen a pai gof -ees. Each of the prisoners was under the aeo 0yas n was deliverdthsprnsaerhe infliction of the 1Alfr-ed Bartlett was chargedl -by GiovanniTocas~, a.Belgian, vith having defrauded himi, by tricks with cards, of lOs. The prisonter, wh aadbe yinginwait for inexperiencedI seiamen, inducedl ths 'prosecutor togo into a publichouse in Houndsditch, ~and, wit-h the aidl of two Tascally confederates, maade him bet, and, of course, lose, upon the turning up of a card.- The ~prsoner, upon observing that the imposition was deteet;ed tried to escape, but without effect, aLnd thenL offered to return the mobney, but was taken to the stationhouse. The prisinbr- cross-examined the witnesses in A'very dexterous manncr,~ for the pprposo, of showing thiLt the tMe had been fairly pIayed, and that he hano hand in the Theprsoer asset t pisn a aroueand vagaboe4A The LOBRD .MyaY requested that the press would AC knowledge his receipt of 101. M0 from the Clothworke-s Colrnpany, and 10!. lOs. from the Drapers Company for tho poorbox. GurDILkLX-EdwinF6v l,howas remanded on a eh;ar-e of stealing nine razors, belongg to Iis master, was brought up again before Sir P. LAuscRf, and discharged. Henry James Beckley and WilliaLm Monnery wera brought up for final examination, eharged with stealing a quantity of dnags, the property of Mr. HoWel, of StratEoN The prisoner Beckley has already been committed for trial on a charge of assaulting a Mdi of 11 ye rsof age 'nith intent to comnmit a rape. He also stands committed, nith Monnery, on a charge of stealing two tarpaulinge, value 10., the property of the South-Eastern Railway Com. pany. A great mass of evidence was taken relative to the case of the drug., which were found at Beckley's lodgings. The prisoner lonnery was also. identified with the trans. action, snd both prisoners were commnitted for triaL. We are requested to state that the prisoner lIonnesy is lir no way related to, or connected-with, cithler of thc ,parties oE that name havin:g establishments at Lincoln's-inn-fields, Fenchurch.street, and the Borough. Aldermaan Cor'LxsA£n requested That the press would acknowledge the receipt of 10!. IOs. from the Clothworkers Company, and 10!. 10s from the Drapers Company, as donations for the poorbox of this court. In both instances an acknovwledgment in 27tc 2inzes was requested. Bow-s=E'r.--Wilam Braithwaite, the picture dealer who stands charged with iUegal pawning, was again brought up before 3Mr. sY. It was intimated by the defendant's solicitor, Mr. Lewis, that, by great exertion on the part of his client, he had been able to restore 30 out of the 32 pictures pawned, amounting in value to 200!. The others, worth about 12L., he could also restore to Mr. Clark, the prosecutor, if set at liberty. MI. Gannman, for theprosecution, declined to assent to this proposa, believing hat all the pictures could be imnmediateUyTestored, if the defendant felt disposed to act rightly ini the 3matter. After a short adjourmoent it was announced that the prosecutor had been completely satisfied, and, consequently, the charge being withdrawn, the defendant was dismissed. Shortly after the disposal of this case a gentleman waite I upon Mr. Eenry, and obtained a sununons against the same defendant for retaining some pictures which had been. sent to him to be framed. On reading the report of Mr. Clark's case in he Tbincs ke proceeded at once to the shop, and found it closed. He then met the defendant in the street, and desired a policeman to take him into cusdy; wliich the officer refused to do. Mr. HEENRY granted the summons, statint, at the same time, that the police constable acted quite right in declining to take Mr. Braithwaite into custody. A second application was subsequently made by another gentleman under precisely similar circumstances ; and this stumons was also granted by is Worship. A donation of 1U. Is. for the poorbox was received fromn Dr. Coffin. Some soup tickets have been also received recently from M1r. Pruday, of Rupert-street. YLAsnosRvGn-sTnxr.-James Haggett and Wiliam Cooper were brought before Mr. H RDwicK for final examination, charged with having in their possession a quantity oE property belonging to the Duke of Portland. It appeared that one of the prisoners bad attlempted to dispose of a large gilt key, with the initials "G. R" in fillagree upon it, at the shop of Mr. Dobree, a pawnbroker, and as the account of its possession was not satisfactory the prisoners -were detained. Inspector Jackson set on foot an inquiry, and it came out that the prisoner Haggett har recently been employed on a job atthe Duke of Portland's residence in Cavendish-square The key was taken to his grace's mansion, but no one knew anything about it. On examining the stable, a drawer, which had always been kept locked, was found to have been opened, and on examining the contents of the, drawer a quantity of valuable seals and other property -which nobody knew anything about was found. It was, however, explained that, as the late Duke of Portland held the office of Lord Chamberlain, the key in ques. tionuvas his pass-key, andthattheseals, gold coins, ar.d other artilcles had been placed in the drawer of a piece of furniture which had been removed to the stable, and there had remained untouched for nearly 40 years. A key was founn on Hggett wvhich fitted the drawer fromn which tho key and a seal wrere presumed to have been stolen. The explanation of Hiaggett was that he found al the things on the floor. lIaggett was committed to hard labour for two months; Cook was discharged. From " W. A. N.," 11, and from Dr. Coffin U!. Is., have been received for the poorbox. Wor,sHir-STREL,T.-Y-r. Joseph Wilmot, the proprietor of some saw-inills in Essex-street, Shoreditch, was smuamoned before Mr. H-keLiLT, at the instance of Mr. Superintendent Walker, of the A division, under the sanction ofE the Home Secretary, for the following nuisance. In April last the defendant was summoned before 3fr. D'Eyncourt at this office for having the fmlMaces in his works in such a state as to be wholly unsatisfactory, and on that occasion he wa fied 5!., proniiiing to suppress the uuisance as rapidly as possible. 'he result of this, however, was that Mr. Saunderson, the Government en gineer, now deposed to visiting the premisefour times since that conviction, and that, although some attempt at alteration had been made, it was of no use whate-ver, the furnaces being quite out of repair, and the snoke pouring out over the adjomg houses. A salesmau named Gray deposed to the smoke being so great a-nuisance to hum that he was almost choked by it; it was a nasty dense black smoke, which the wind brought rght down upon his house, and last week it was as bad as it ever 'wA;. Another witness, named Wyatt, who has the misfortune to live " just alongside the shaft," was almost choked by it also, and his clothes when hung out to dry were entirely spoiled by it;* and a constable of the N division deposed to seeing a mnass of thick and heavy black smoke pouring out that very morning. All this, Mr. Saunderson said, mright be entirely remed&edby a proper apparatus, generally adopted by other firms. Mr. Salter said his client had already incurred great expense, and he had witnesses to prove that the farnaces haa been properly repaired by the 30th of November. MI. Bodkin, forthe prosecution, said this was no answer tothese proceedings. Thedefendant was fined 5!. in April. the penalty was now 10!.; and if persons were so bent uponD making fortunes rapidly that they did not care afarthing for the public health, and would not stop a sufficient time for effectin,g the required improvements, they must put up with the consequences. Mfr. HAhmimn felt it his duty to carry this act out, and, as the defendant had been already convicted, he should now impose a penalty of 101. MIr. HAMHL has received 10guincas from the Cloth. workers' Company, DS. from "Wl.Wl." and lOs. in postage stamps from "v). E. S." (This donor is informled that money or an order is alw ays preferable to stamps, whEich are exchanged with difliculty.) A little girl caine to the cort with her father, and presented a sovereign for the poorboz; inthe name of "Elizabeth;" but she had scarcely paid it in when a poor widow with five children presented herself mn great tribulation to askc assstance to purchase the means of supporting her famlily, and the little lady was muck gratinied at seeing her money so advantageoull5y invested. SovrrnwArss.-ohn Jones, atickeet-of-leave convlct,'who was transported at the Old Bailey Sessions in 1851 for a& burlary, and Thomas Stevens, a notorious bad characters were brought before lv.' COasE' for final ex;amination, charged wvith attempting to break into one of the chambers in the Queen's Prison. lMr. Solomox appeared for the prisoners.. It appeared from the evidence of Mr. Charles ColwcDl, thd chief tunkeyof theprison, that, in consequence of a gentleman's apartment having been forcibly entered in November last and robbed of upwards of 120!, a sharp look-outv,askeplt after the thieves, as many of the gentlemen confined theiew were in the habit of receiving large remittances and-leavinzg themintbeirroomswhiletheyvisited otherpartasof theprison. TheprisonerStevenshadbeen in the habit of visitingapersora confined there in November, andshortly after hehadleftthe robbery of the 120!. was discovered. On Monday evening last both prisoners entered the prison, and as theypassedi through the lobby. he perceived Stevens, which name. diately ried the suspicion that they wrere uptonoEod,oa especially as a gentleman had that morning received a large sumn of money, wshich circumstance he had no doubt had been told the prisoner by one of the persons who acted as messengers. tIe accordingly w,atched them, and a fewf vmiutes afterwards saw them enter one of the staircases on whEich that gentleman's room was sitnated. Witness stooiE in the racket-ground opposite, and sawr them go up to tho third flight, 'and the outer door of the gentleman's room im question was opened by one of them. Witness called to his assistance Dennis, another turkey, wvhen they gently ascended the stairs, and heard the prisoners shufflig about, and when near the top the prisoners attempted to geti down. They were, however, stopped, and told they were. suspected of being there for the purpose of committing a robbery. Stevens stoultly denied that, and raid he came to see a person named CaJl, but no one of that name was in that part of the prison. Witness searched Stevenls, andt found concealed under his shirt a small " jeuny," used byr housebreakers, and in his coatpockect a screwsdriver. While he was doing so witness saw Jones puit something on the windowv-sill, which. he afterwards found to *be tWD very curiouisly constructed skeleton keys. When in the lobby Jones was fuirther searched, and another skeleton key was discoveredinhis tronsers pocket. The keys and "jiemmy" w ere capable ins uch hands as the prisonersi to open any door,, cupboard, or desk in the pison. As soon as -the prnsoners w ere got into the outer office a constable w;as sent for. and they vere given into custody. In cross-ixarinatien by 3fr. Solomon, witncss suai that he could not see the prisoners when they were onthelandingofthethirdflight. He, however, knew that none but the prisoners had passedthere, as he had watched them from the lobby. There was a gs jet near the second flight, which threw the light on the stairs, and -when the door was opened it shut off the light. He had no doubt, had he waited a little while, he should haave aught the prisoners in the room, as the outer door was open when he got upstairs. It was shut before the prisoners wentui. 'Mr. Solomon. contended that there was no evidence before his worship to. detain his clients any longer. There was no proof that they intended to break into the room mo buestion ?,Ir. Cvlwell said, intlhe firstplace, they had no buinwesg up that staise; in the seond place tceyopened the outerdoor. .no fth. 0Iv. Solouqon said, proof that Mr. Colwell did tot actually see them open the door, - ncither could he swear that 'te door was opened at all. It mighi have been open, or the shade could ha ve been caused by one of them standing between the light and the window to light aevr lMirg &awell observed, that it was not so, -but the door itself was actiually opened by one of them. Mr. Comrsm said, the case was quite clear, and he was oE ominmon that they were liable to bo tnisb d under the 5th of George IV., chap. 83, seec. 4, wich states that any per_ son being found in the possession of housebreaking implements, ith intent to commit a felony, was liable to three months imprionment. l e should, therefore, sentence eC of them'to three months' had labour in the Wandsworl House of Correction.
ITHE BtTATE OF KERTCIl. (mou A corrEsnor.N.) . KErXTcH, DEe. 10. Iess thtan three years ago few Frenchmen and, perhaps, fewer Englishmen e troubled themselves as to wliat towns or resideices the Russians owned on the Cinililerian Bosphorus. Kertli, with its wnhite quay and row of scaside establisluients, its chapel und museum above-its market-placcand Woronzoff. street below, its visiting aristocracy, its residenit burglihers, its Tartar agrictilturists, its Russian, Greek, and German shopkeepcrs-Kertch was a eosnparati-ely ukow}Nns locality. Yet it must have beIen a busy anid attractive place. Its public offices mnust have becn filled with talkative clerks. its baths and assembly-roomsimust have been favoured by idler-s alla loungers, its better mansions must have been cnliveued by the presence of a more or less brilliant society. Indeed, we feel assured that maly a bright recollection, many a sigh for pleasiures past, mnuy a revolution in a matter-of-fact mind, have been occasioned by a sojourn at Kertcls of the Crineca. Aind what is the picture now ? How shall we paint the scene as nowv acknowledged by those whom the chances of w-ar have made possessois of this 6nce favourite rendezvous ? The Russians have destroyed onr grain and fodder, it is trne, but they have left us an abundant store of another character-" food whereon to moralize." This may be part of their tactics, f6r they know that soldiers do not fattest upon sIIchI sustenallce. Kertch is at this mloment anything but a cheerful or homiiely residence. Even the enemy are reported to have withd(rawn thlecir ovutposts from its vicinity. The stray Cossack has, w-ithini the last fewt days, abanldonedl his m.araudling propensities, so far as the-neighlbour.ing hamlets are concerned. N9ot one solitary horseman, from their numerous hordes, think;s it worth Iris while any longer to show himself on the sunmuPs of the distant hills to reconnoitre ssir pickets or patrols. We dig our intrencihnients, erect our barricades, legislate for ourselves, our anries, and the remnants of a ruiined population throwna up)on us for protection; but all in a klind of solemn silence, broken by little else than thc tramping of the 'Turkish soldiers, the pattering of rain, or the noisy taLk of a reeling drunklard. Lines of roofless and gutted houses tell of a wanton and imnecessary devastation, wlliclh niow brings a certain amount of retribution by depriving the present garrison of the best of barracks, storerooms, and magaziues. The interior of the once elegant museum is a heap of broken and scattered slabs and monmncLts; here and there a complete has-relief and Greek inscription being discernible, to excite the curiosity, and perlhaps increase the natural indignation of the antiquary. The churches are unpretending in strcLture, but sunieiently chaste to give the almost only pleasing feature now left to the town. 'Tlat of the Holy Trinity stands in a neat plot of ground, enclosed by green palings, at the northern estrernity of the main street, where it branches off to the Arabat barrier, the last-named building conspicuous in its twvo utninjured eale-grifflns. fn the enclosure is alSo a belfry of considerable proportions. The Tturks, whom ciuiosity leads into the house of Christian prayer as spectators (to plunder, possibly, were they not under unusual control) had selected this spot for the practice of their band, and had already commenced disturbing both priest and congregation by secular melodies, performed inmost trreverentkey. It may be needless to add, that su1CI desecration was stopped when brought to nofice. Immediately behind the church, and close to the angle formed by Pentecost and Woronzoff streets, is a long rot of 9-pounders, marking the locality of a battery -of Turkish artillery. Further towards the Arabat barrier on the left are the cavalry barracks, which give shelter to the fine troop of Hcr Mlajesty's .10th Hussars, lately welcomed to the Crimea from Western India. The quarters afforded are spacious and airy. This place was formerly an academical instituLtion for young ladies, known as " Kfishinkob7siKertch Institute ;" the said Kdishinkob being, it is affirmed, a Rlussian General. The former inmates transported themselves, or were transiported by others, on the sacking of the tow n; ana scarce a vestige noiv remains of their occupation save the inscription outside the house. They did leave, so the story goes, their pianocs. If such, indeed, were the case, those who succeeded them were not EO considerate totheirsuccessors. The churcl at the southern end of Kertch is that of Svetavo Joanno Preteschi, Saint John the Fore-runner. The less injured houses are occupied by the officers ana troops of the garrison. There is the English quarter, the French quarter, the Turkish quarter. New names have been put upon the streets (or rather translations of the old names), and lhnge unsightly numbers have been daubed upon the fswellings. The abode of staff officers and public offices are indicated in crooked painted characters. ussian^andTartarmen andwomen are accommodated 'with sta31s in the market, and sell fruit, vegetables, and many varieties of petty trampery to the soldiery. De buyer and seller have but few words in common. 1hese few are the names of currc-nt English, French, and Turkish coin. The fingers form the language of numbers and are in constant requisition. In Woronzoff-street-the Grande BRK of the place-are centred the principal shops. They form there a nearly unbroken ane; the rest are scattered, few and far between. The owners are Russians, Germans, Greeks, Italians, 31altese, Jews, Circassians, Persians, Turks, Tartars. Each pays a monthly rent, and each is susbject to fine for infraction of municipal laws. There is but one trade, however which can be termed thriving or attractive. The sale of liquor in retail is the one great source of profit, and thus natrally c6mmands the chief attention of the new colony of shopkeepers. It is difficult to find the one tailor of the town (a German Jew), who is content to use his legitimnate profession to earn his bread. Fortunately among the ranks of the 71stEHighlanders may be obtained a. willing hand for the relief of absolute necessities; and, beyond this, officers, as well as men, should learn to stitch on their own buttons. The writer of these lines has yet to acknowledge the existence of the Kerteh shoemaker. A hatter must, of course, be visionary; and a bookseller is represented by a woman at a market-stall who dispenses copy and story books published at Moscow. Even a barber is a rare article-a clean one an impossibility. One is obliged to resort to one's own servant for hair-cutting. Thiswould be no fair complaint in the field, under canvas, or anywhere, indeed, in an enemy's country save in a town yet full ef tradesmen of sorts. Itis thisDemon of Retail in the liquor department who blights all honest traffic. There are nearly 100 registered shops in Kerteh, and scarcely one thatdoes not keepits glass or two forthe ready retail customers. Pcket-handkerchiefs are sold with splirits, sheets of writing paper are sold with spirits, mustard is sld with spirits, pictures, looking qlasses,.crockery, pamphlets, loaf sugar, candles, all klds ofm.aU ware and Rag Fair nierchandise are 3Il with spirits, and, except the clean-looking German couple wsho sell pork sausages up a by-street one hardly knows whom to denote as free from this sweeping assertion. But these good people only distribute these good things once a-week ! Let no one be deceived by the signboards of the whilom inhjbitants of Woronzoff-street. Beneath a full-length portrait of a lady em pleine toilette, with ? Rviosian inscription inviting the passers-by to the pleasant fineries of amodisfe'sdepartment, the Highlander and (lAhsseur, the marine and the mariner, wend their wvay to and fo, in hope or memry of a morning, niidday, or afterncon dram. A most respectable-looking shop at the corner has become the ca¢ret of a reckless Italian, wrho dispenses the efitereat-all hours tohiscompatriots,in company with every class of dissipated Levantinee. Thelare, subsitntial shop at the opposite corner shares a 1lk fate, and is also kept by an Italian. WVe may add, en passans, that it is an Italian keeps the solitary f .tauraa (cidevantt Hotel de l'Univers) of the town. The few vagrant or impoverished Russians who have been left behind in the general evacuation emulate the example of their country's invaders by endea- Vouring to excel them in courting inebriety to every possible extent. Not ornd do they sell quor, where a shop is to be secured, but they themselves drink with a grusto of the most determined kind. A drunkenRu5siant is no unconmmon sight; and, certes, very few specimens of utter demoralization can come up to the huge, vociferating, stumbling creature in furs, sheepskins, and unclean boots and nether garmentS whose loss of land seems to have been compensated b Ithe los of reason aid intellect. The rulers of the town must not be blamed for the trutbfulIiess of this pice r t is easy enough for good, hoiesb men at home to blsme them; but good, honest mnen at home are too apt to be simple and inorant. For the manfold questions3 wlich a missio n of pure mOraity would put to any sup. 13o5ctt Tespoisible parties in these g,loomty roceedings a liklo ninbcr of answers aro ready and appropriate. It would hap1y be as ill-advised an attenpt at remedy to close at onec all liquior dep'ts as to dcport the whole civil population of this unfortlnate town vi et annis. The authorities no iore slumber on thcir posts thani they wink at the irregularities comnmtted. The measures of reform may be slow, but it is hope(d they will only be the more sure and samutary. To limit tlo numiiber of retail vendors, restrict theni by severe rules, the infraction of wvhich entailscverepenalties,andtocounpeltlem, if theynust needs sell in retail, topurehase high-priced licences,measures suichi as thes may be effectual in checking at least the pr' .alence of the evil as it nowv csists; and such measures, it is believed, aro already in operation. Whether they actually wiU serve to achieve the desired object is a problem; but a problem is better suited to the ease than a certainlty of continuance in thc present state of things. IVith tle exception of a small detachmnenat of the 10th Hussars, a portion of Her Majesty's 71st, a few Clhassourls d'Afrique, and some marines detached from the French troops at Fort Paul, the Turkish Contingent have replaced the former garrison of K irteb. Thlis rapidly increasing force las taken to itself the Osmanli troops found hero on its a rrival; and, independently of thc large nmunbers at Kertch, they have some infantry regiments with artillery at Ycnikale, and infantry regiments with artillery at Fort Paul; the thrce stations being comprised in a line about 10 miles in lenutlh.
A USTA iLIA. SOUTHAMPTON, JAN. 4. By tlie Royal Mail steamer Tyie we havc reccived, rij. Panama and Callao, thlee days' later hitellignce firom Anstralia, with dates fiom Sydney to tiie 1Sth of September. The Legislative Council, or that portion composed of the nicmborsof Governmien' and their nominees, wvcre accused of devoting the short re;sainider of their administrative career in voting away the public mioney contirary to the wishes of t,hc more popularly elected meinber3. On the 5th a vote to incrc;ee the Governor-Gcneral's salary 2,0001. per annum was carried by ai majority of 22 to 9; a vote of 2001. for the conpletion of the galrison g-irden and cricket-ground wnas losi by a votc of 15 clective memibers against 13, consisting of seven salaried Government officers, five Goverliment nomninces, and one elective mcinber; and another vote of 6301. w as cariecd by 15 Government against 14 elective members. On the Ilth the report of the Select Committee on Steam Postal Communication was adopted by the Legislative Cotuicil after some discussion. The report says that- " fter careful investigation, and after haviing all the best evidence it was possible for then: to procurc, the sclect conminittee had arrived at the opinion, first, that the route which wvill afford the most immediate, the most cert aan, nnd the cheapest mode of cominunication by ste.am between Sydney and Great Britain is that by way of Singapore; secondlv, that the most rapid communlication with Great Britain wvould be afforded by the establishment of a line of steamers by way of Panama, and that, if that line could be opened-in addit ion to the line by wvay of Singapore-the greatest amnsixt of advantage possible to be derived from steam comimnuncation writh Euhirope wouonld be achieved. The commliittee roconsmnended under all the circuistinces that tl;e principle of tlhe bill, which should ba brought under the cons derations of the Council, should be to authorize the colonial Government to enter intona contract for a monitlhly line of postal steamers between Sydney and Singapore only-and that for this purpose a sunin of 25,)OO?. per annum for five years certaiI should be placed at the disposalof theexecutiveGovernment to miect the expenses of such a contract." In speaking on the question, the Postmaster. General said:- ".It had lately come to hiis knowledge, for instance, that some were favourable to an arrangeient by which. the line of comnIuniication vould be from panama to Sydney, and fromii Singapore and Lake Lecuwin to Melbourne. He felt bound to state to the House that, if it were folnd necescary or advisable to adopt the arr-augemnent to which ho had before ,eferred-nansely, a linle between Panamna and Sydnicy, and betwveen Singapore rid Carc LeeuNin and Mdelbourneanother bill wt ould be necessary." The tariY of the colony has been again iaised. thle following figures will show the dluties fixed by the taiffof 1852, together with the alterations made last year, and the further alterations by the vote of thee 12th : By this change it is said Government will gain an increased revenue on tea of 27,000., and on sugar of 35,0001. per annun. The coammereisd record of the Entpire of the lih of September states that- " A futher rise in the price of flonr has ta'ken place, and stoe1s are so low that fresh arrivals wvif meet with immediate sales. Firsts are quoted at 35f. per ton, seconds at 33. 3fr. Breillart reports that the rapid manner in which the late importations of whcat and flour have moved off has induceda risointhermarket. Wheatisnowseing-forl4s. per busheLt Exchange, 3 per cent. premium.
THE NEXT CAMPAIGZg. (Frotthe Gtose) The total strength of the BritLh land forces in the vicinity of Sebastopol at the present moment is as nearly as possible 53,000menof allransaudlarmsof the service. AtRortch there is a battalion numbering about 700, and on theBosphorus 13 regiments of cavalry, the aggregate strength of which is rather over 4,000, making a total, exclusive of 2,400 in hospital at Scutari and Renlioi, of, in round numbers, 5s,000 purely English forces. Between this time and the first week in Mrch nearly the whole of the troops now composing the reserve at M-lta will probably be forwarded to the Crimea, their pLace being supplied by reinforcements from home, of which something likco 4,000 wIll embark in the course of the next week or two. About 10 infantry regiments from home, Malta, and Gibraltar, will, in all likelihood, be sent up to the Black Sea about the same time, thus adding more than 15,000 m en to the English army now in the feld, and bringing its numbers up to about 73,000 in alL The Tarkish Contingent, the head-quarters of which is now at Rertbch, may be ceonsidered as amounting to 20,000. Portions of the British Swiss and British German legions are already at Scutari, ene or two more regiments are on their way, and the total number of these corps in two months may be safely anticipated as 7,000 men. The British Italian legion appears likely to be most successful, but it is not probable that sufficient progress will have been made in its organization to allow of its taking the field early in the campaign. Summing up the figures just stated, the wlhole of the British forces will probably be found to amount to.100,000 men, of whom 8S,000 will b effective combatants. Someimportant arrangements as to the redistribution of the forees will be made on the arrival out of Sir Colin Campbell, who now holds the local rank f GeneraL All officers on leave mnust be present with their regiments on the 1st of March, and within a very few days ol that date the public may expect to see an army ready to take the field wherever it may be ordered, which, in point of numbers, arrangement, and condition, weshallbejustified in regarding wvith confidence and pride.
THE NIGHTINGALE FUND. TO TIM.EDITOR OF THE TIES. Sir,-MLs Nightingale may well say, " save me from my friends." The letter of Mr. Bracebridge's eorrespondent smac-k so strong,ly of the school of theology to which r. Slinner, of St. Barnalba, and other promoten3 of the testimonial belong, that 1, for one, am resolved to withhold ,my subscription until assred that it Will not be applied to the establshment of a corpe of Sisters of Charity, or anything else which maybe usea for the purpose of proselytism; and, as I am satisfied I share this feeling in common with thousands who would delight to do honour to Miss light. ingale, I should be glad, in justice to this excellent lady herself, as well as to the national feeling, to see the matter placed in other bands. Yours obedientlv. E. if. 3 Kensinton-gate, Jan. 4. The Chancellor of the Exchequer ackno'lwedgas the, receipt of the first halves of two 101. Bank of England notefriom "D. H. W."
NA VAL AND MILITARY LNTELLIGENBE. Her Majesty's ship Neptune, 120, Captain HRUtton, Will be put out of comrAission this day at Portsmouth, and the Sampson steam-frigate will take such of tho crew as belong to Plymouth to that port, together with those of the Arrogant, to spend their leave, at the expination of wvhich they wil be employed in other ships and gunboats. Her Majesty's ship Marlborough, 131, screw three-decker, will be masted on Monday at Portsmouth, and rigged in readiness for commission if needed. Thne steamn-transport Rbadamanthlls, MSaster-Conmnander Belan, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday fiom the eashvard vwith niachhiiery for the ships fitting oift. The Polyphenius, 5, paddlewvheel stea.msloop, Commander Warren, retiurned to Portsmouth yesteiday from the westward with 58 supernumeraries for the fleet. The Persmverance naval steam-transport, Commander Crang, hauled alongside Portsmouth dockl-ard yesterday afternoon in readiness to embark troops. The Sprightly steatm-vessec, Acting-Master G. Allen comrnanding, retu:ned to Portsmouthl yesterday afternoon with Vice-Akdumiral Sir George Seymour's househlold equipment. Lieutenant Charles BnUock, of Her ajest's surveyin .hip Merlin, lhs been transferred to the temporary command of the gunboat Banterer, in the absence of Lieutenant Harding, aPPointed to that vessel, but who has not yet hoisted his peimant on board. The Banterer left Woolnwich basin yesterday morning, and steamed down to the Royal Arsenal quay to receive her ammunition, and to be provisioned. She wiU proceed to Greenliitlte on Monday to be swvung. The post of Lieutenant Viscount Gilford, gazetted to the command of the ganboat Bustard, is tikcwisc supplied pi)o tC,21. by Lieutenant W. Hevett, also froun the MeTlin. The Bustard will commienice taking in her sea stocl, ammunition, &c., at the arsenal-rharf on Monday. Commander 5l'Donald, naval superintendent of the shipping establislmient at Woolvich, has removed his offices from tle dockyard to the arEcnal-yard, facing the piers and ,wharf, wlherc the business of that department principally lies. Major-Gencral Freeth, K.I., who has just vacated the post of Quarternmaster-General in favour of Sir Richard Airey, wvas presented, on leaving the office, with a superb silver inkstand, as a tribute of thc Tcspect and esteem of the gelntlemien employed in the civil branch of the department. The inkstand bears the following inscription -" Presented to Major-General James Freeth, KH., late QuartermasterGeneral of Her Majesty's Forces, by the gentlemen composing the civil branch of that department, as a testimonial of their great respeet and sinlcere regard for hini personally, aid their sensc of the kindiness he has invariably evinced towvards them." The Messrs. Pattison, -whio are building several gunboats at Bristol for the Goveniuncnit, are pushing on thU construction with all possible rapidity in accordanIce with diroctions from Government. Large bodies of wvor'inen are now employed upon them day and night in order to Secure their completion during the ensuing month. The 15th Hussars, nowv stationed at M.anchester, have met with success in recruiting. Since their arrival in thLt ton-n, in August last, they have obtained nearly 200 recmits for their owvn regimcnit, besides almost 300 tor the 11th Hussars, for wvhich regiment they are also recruiting. The regiment nowv numbers nearly 700 men. 62 invalids of various corps arrived yesterday at Brompton Hospital fronm the Crimea, 37 of whom, after inspection, were detained for hospital treatment. The remainder proceeded to St. M1ary's Barracks, under the care of Dr. Coates. At a mredical board held yesterday at Brompton, among tue number passed as unfit for further senice was Robert Evans, 13th Light Dragoons, a youths who has been in hospi. tal nearly 12 months, and received his injury in an extraordinary mnanner. In the charge of BalaUlava a shell entered the chest of his horse, which roled completely over, falling upon Evans, wvhen the shell buirst inside the animal, tearing it open from the shoulder to tle hind-quarters,the weight of the horse nearly causing sulocation, while its death struggles inflicted severe contusions on the legs of Evans, who would soon have expired had not a nan of his own troop and twvo lancers released him. Her MIajesty evinced great sympathy for this youth, and his photograph likeness wvas taken by her special conmmand. The following promotions were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-To bear date the 1st inst.-Conunander J. G. Katon, to be Captain; Lieutenant W. Batt, to be Commander; Lieutenant J. S. Sicklemore, to be Coimnander; Lieutenant A. G. Edge, to be Commander :-To bear date the 3d inst.-Lientenant R. C. C. 31Dougal, to be Commander; Lieutenant the Hon. Arthur Drummond, to be Commander. Captain E. B. Rice is appointed to the Leander as Flag-Captain to Rear-Admiral Fremantle, at Balaklava. The following appointwents were made yesterday at the Admiralty -James Cowan, Surgeon and Agent at sickquarters, Leith; Daniel Pender, Second-M1aster to the Merlin; B. D. Connor, Second-Master, to the Victory; A. C. Yule, Paymaster to the Conqueror; B. C. Beale, Assistant-Paynaster, to the Arrogant; T. R. Dennies, Assistant-Paymaster, to the Locust; E. C. Taylor, AssistantClerk, to the Thunder; A. J. Myers, Assistant-Clerk, to the Fisgard. At the recent examination of candidates for admission to the Royal Military Academy, Woolviclt, the undermentioned gentlemen were found qualified, anid ordered to join on the reopening of the institution on the 30th inst., viz.:Buddle Atlinson, Hlenry W. Isr.cke, Julian F. Sandeman, Robert S. Mackenzie,-George V. Sievwriglst, Robert H. Vetch, Osmond F. Le Matt6e, Henry G. Hasler, EdwmardN. Peters, Clement W. Bdlairs, Charles A. Lyon Campbell, Charles F. Dixon, George Le B. Simmons, William lnes, Flemying G. Gyll, Basil De B. Tupper, Hugh F. A. Brodie, Francis L G. Little, Henry F. Turner, Hamilton Tovey, Robert Athorpe, Rowland Hill, James :Fellowes, Richard HL Williams, Samuel H. Desborough, Richard N. Buckle, Walter MI. Johnston, James L. N. Willes, Thomas Burnett, Archibald W. F. Campbell, John E. J. Bramly, George Carpenter, Lionel Gye. The undermentioned gentlemen being also qualified are ordered to join the institution as *aca=cies arise, viz:Charles V. H. Richardson, Vincent Wing, Jaspar G. S. Davies, George IdL B. Hornsby, Seymour De L. Lacy, and Robert 3. P. Saunders Major Owen, E. A., has been appointed Assistant-Listrueator in Practical Artillery to the gentlemen cadets in the Arsenal, Woolwich, in the place of CaptainrHaig, PA., who has resined the appointment. The old boilers of the paddiewvheel steam frigateVulture, 6, Captain Frederick E. E Glasse, at Plymouth, hanng ben soud defective, are ordered to be replaced with new Engineers and boilermakers at the Keyham steam-yard are ordered to work from 6 o'clock in the morning until half. past 10 in the evening. The riggers of the dockyard at Devonport have got the frigate Satellite all ataunt, ready for being put in comm on.
ANOTHZE LNcmNT fIN THE Ritu Ey TRAGEDs. -In addition to the persons who have been aleady referred to in TeTimes as supposed victimis of William Palmer, another has been recently named. We are informed that information hae just been given to Captain Hatton, the chief of the Staffordshire constabulary, that a gentlernan connected with the turf, who was accompanied by Palmer to the races at Leicester not a great while since, whose horse won there, and who was said to have realized a large sum of money by bs betting on the race, became dangerously 2 mediately afterwards, and was attended professionally ty ralmer. Before his death the poor fellow's wife had arrived at his bedside, summoned there by the dying man. He had strength suicient to tell her that he had won 'a large sum from Palmer, and in a day or so afterwards he expired. As soon after death as was compatible with the melancholy position which the widow occupied, she told Palmer what her husband had said to her, and, as there was scarcely any money found in the deceased's pockets, asled him for a portion of the money which her deceased husband had woon from him in betting. Palmer, it is said, replied that she was greatly misled; that, on the contrary, her husband was largely indebted to hxim. In consequence of Palmer's refusal to pay her any money, she had to borrow money to bury her husband and to enable her to return to her home. Searching inquiries continue to be made relative to the various proposals made by William Palmer, the prisoner, to the insurance-offices, Inspector Field, as has been already stated in Xzo Tim7r, being i the neighbourhood for the purpose of instituting such inguiries. It appears that a solcitor, well known m Birmingham and the Midland Counties, between whom and Palmer and his familyap?ech;arly intimate connexion is said to exist, applied at t e ldland Counties Insurance-office to be appoited an agent to that establishment. The directors caused 31r. Andrews, their secretary, to make ais report relative to the eligibility of the appontment. Ascertaining that the applicant had been for some years upon the rolls, Mr. Andrews reported in favour of the appointment, and the solicitor succeeded in the object of his application. Complying with the custom in such cases, the solicitor nominated his medical referee, ancd he nominated Palmer for that appointment. The directors appointed Palmer. Ina few days afterwards the M1idland Counties Assurance Company received a proposal from their new agent, in which one George Bates was mentioned as solicitous of becoming assured in that office to the extent of 10,000. George Bates, it will be remembered, was the name of the person on whose behalf a proposal was made by Palmer to the oElcitors' and General life Office for a policy of the value of 25,0001. ItwasthisGeorgeBateswhomInspectorField,when he wasmaking inquiries respectinghim, upon the supposition that he was.a gentleman living upon his own estate, found sweeping out Palmer's stable. When the Midland Counties Office ingured int-o the circumstances and prospects of " George Aater,' theywere told that he wished, by means of his life policy, to raise the necessarycapital requiredfor taing to a farm. The explanation was not satisfactory to the directorate, and inquiries were continued until they were convinced that fraud was intended, and peremptorily refusedto accept the proposal So strong, indeed, vas the feeling of the directors on the subnect that they declined any longer toaclmowledge palmer as one of their nedicalreferees.
THEB WOOLWICH EXAMINATION. -- - - -- b .- . The following memorandum has been issuied respecting the examination for appointiments to the Royal Artillery and Royal Engineers on the 21st of January: "Provisional commissions are to be given to the number of about 20, suipposing a suflicient number of competent persons to present thenmselves. Candidates appointed wiU be gazetted to lieutenancies in tbo r oyal Artillery in tho finst instance, with temporary rank. They 'will be placed for about six months under tho Director of Artillery Studies at Woolwich, and, oni completing their course of instrur,tion. to the satisfaction of the Scoretary of State for War, will receive permanent conmmissions with the date of their temporary appointment. They wil receive the pay of thieir ranik viz., 5s. 7d. a-day, frons the date of their names appearing i the Gazatte, ald will have quarters in barracks. They wil, however, be required to provide themselves with the usual outfit of an artillery officer (the expense of whichl is about 1001.), and to pay a deposit of 201. for books, instraments, &c. " Adiuissions to the practical class of the Royal Military Academy will be made to the iuisber of about 40, provided that a sufficient number prove tlhcmselves comupetent. " Candidates adbiitted will be required to pay a contribution of 621 lOs. for the period during wlhich they are under instruction. " It is expected that tloy will remaLin in the practical classabout six months, and at the end of that time will, on passing a satisfactory examinlationi, receive coumissions as lientenants in the royal Artillery and Royal Engineers accordingic to their proficiencv. "CHAELES YUNiVr ar Departlllet, -rf-inal, JatL 4."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your columns of the 20th of December you published, at the request of Mr. Manzavino, a long extract froni the ktlenian journal, the Hope, purporting to explain the policy of the Greek nation, and to be a complete refutation of all the calumnies (so caUed) whichl have been heaped upon it since the vwar began. by almost every journal in this empire. In tle Athlenae of the 19th of November (lst of December) tlere also appeared aen article both in the Greck and French languages, cntitled "A An Apology of the Greek Nation," wlherein it was endeavoured to be shown that the events of the year 1854 flowed from a pure Greek patriotinn, and that neither the insurrection of the Christian inhabitants of Epirus and Thessaly nor the movement in tleir favour in Grreecc was in any -way owing to Russian instigation,-au imiiputation which thc writer, in the nasoc of thel whole Greek nation, casts from himn as anl iisult to the national honour. It is not Dsy object to attempt the refutation of the above assertion. History has stutbborn facts, whlich no amount of declamation can annihilate. There is such a thingas endeavoourinig to prove too much;* and wrhen the writers, knowing as they iutest the details of this short and not very honourable episode in Greek history, dare to assert that the insurrection was purely an outburst of national feeling, sulchan assertion throws discredit even upon what there may be of just and truthful in thc case they endeavour to make out. But thopast may bo safely left to history. As the writer in the Hope observes, in allusion to anotlher circumstance, "greater nations liave made greater blunders." He might have becn content to adnuittlie blunder, and not cndeavoured to transformu even brigands anid the outcasts of gaols, intent on the plunder of friend and foe alike, into puarehearted patriots ! Let us now cxamine this exposition of her policy whichl Greece publishes to Europe :-"' The aim of Greece is te regain her inheritance. Turkey is hers by right, and belongs only to her. Not until a Greek pricst shall proclaim, in the Greek tongue, 4 'Etp ljvrj Ilaas' fromu the high altar ol the Greek clurch of St. Sophia, will peace be concluded in Europe-will wars cease-vill the Eastern question be definitively resolved." Such is announced as the deliberate opinion of the Greek nation; to the end, therefore, of a newv Greek emipire, having its scat of government in Con. stantinople, is all Greek policy directed. Nowv, as a friend to the Greeks, and sympathizing in their desire for national progress, let sue ask them how, in tle last 23 years since tho foundation of their little kingdom, have they shown tlUemselves in any way fit instruments tt carry out such a scheme, or shown cause why Europe should not now justly accuse them of the most egregio n vanity in entertaining tiw belief in their own capacity for government which such a selImemprsupposes? Of a piece w%ith this is the plea in the Atlecna, that they thought their movement in Thessaly and Epirus might ir its consequences obviato the necessity of a war between the Western Powvers and Russia; that when Russia was march. ing on the road thatled to By7antium it was the duty ef the Greeks to arrive there and raise the standard of the cross before the Russians ! Such are thle high hopes and aims ol the statesmen of Greece. Such were the hig hopes and aims of the herocs of Peta I It ivill be needful, I fear, that the rulers of Greece should spread SoIne of the juice of Oberon's flower on the sleepini eyes of Europe, ere, awaking, shc mistake conceit and ignorance for wisdom, braggadorio for military skill and valour, and confound treachery and venality with probity and honour. We have only to ask what is the state of Greece at the present day to become acquainted vwith the capacity of the Greeks for government. They may urge that for nearly half the period since Greece became a kingdom they were not free to show their talents-that the.Ring governed despotically but after their glorious revolution of the 3d (15th) of September, 1843, when they v;rested a constitution from the hands of their weak Monarch, the blame can no longer rest solely upon him. Yet, alas ! the latter state of this nation has been far worse than the first. The poor tyrannized people, to use a homely phrase, have fallen from the fryingpan into the fire, and have been brought to curse the day that gave them a constitution. Itwouldbe uselessly occupying your valuable space tc describe the numerous eiils consequent on the wicked sys. term of the Grecian Govepment ; they are too tell known to need recapitulation; but one evil has now attained sucb gigantic dimensions that it ought not to be passed over in silence, the more especiallyas this country, in having so long protected that Government-assisting to maintain it, indeed, by RAglish money-must be held in some degree responsible for its evil fruits. The evil I allude to is that of brigandage. Has the attention of England ever been properly aroused to the fact that atrocities are almosi daily committed in that corner of Europe which are a dis. grace to civilization ? Do the people of this country knovs that men and women have, in these latter years, had boiling oil poured over their naked bodies, accompanied, in the case of the women, with circumstances of barbarity which decency forbids me to mention; that even children have been boiled and roasted; that many have died under torture; and that, as described in nie T1imes of Nov. 21, in a letter from Athens, red-hot ramurods have been thrust through the heads of victims from ear to ear, eyes scooped out, and a wife, by being held on the fire, forced to eat of the roasted limbs of her husband? In comparison with such horrors, it may be considered of minor import that the proprietors of land have had their houses plundered, and no longer venture to reside on their cstates; that the poor peasantry in many parts of the coun. try no longer dare to cultivata the soil, though the miseries that wiU folow on suoh a state of things vill be severely felt; but it deserves our atteation, Sir, that in this country, ruled by men whose palms itch to wield the sceptre of a new Byzantine empire, a feeling of despair is gradually takingpossession of aU the agricultural population, and is now extending itself even to the inhabitants of its towns and cities. Not later ago than the 13th of last month a band of brigands to the number of 40 entered at night the town of Chalcis, having about 7,000 inhabitants, and, after having plundered the house, carried off the son-in-law and children-one a little girl-of the proprietor, a wealthy Hydriot and member of the Greek Parliament, into the mountains. In a word, there is no security for life or property in Greece; the country is given over to the spoiler, who finds protection in the capital of the kingdom; and it is to the base corruption, the intriguing wickedness of the governing elass, backed and abetted by him who ought to be the father of his people-the Sovereign given to them by France and England-that this melancholy state of things is due-tothis class who babble of their right to Turkey, and indulge in visions of ruling a Byzantine empire I May God ia His mercy avert such a misfortune from the Eastern nations I With wily pen the Greek journahists frequently write of the debt of gratitude their country owes the protecting Powers-the " benefactort'(writtcn in large type) of Greece. Gratitude has beei wittily defined a lively sense of favours to come, and instead of seeldng to work out their own salvation, they profess to look for it from the hands of the bene. ficent Powers. Would that France and England would take them at their word and really show themselves benefactors to this unfortunate people by taking the government into their own hands, at least for a season I Humanity would seem to require that we should pay attention to teo sufferings of the better part of the nation, who would hail with joy their salvation from tyranny far worse than that of the T -r-'fiom whatever hands it night come. I would appeal to the Greeks themselves, did I not feel convincedthat any sucl appeal is hopeless.' The enlightened among them must agree wvithi me that the choice lies-for, perha's, centuries to come-between barbaism and'anarchyi left to themselves, and moral and political advancement if governed bya wise and beneficent Powver. , I ZENOM,
CRYSTAL PALACE COMPANY. The adjoirnedmeetingdof a cscinpuy wwa held yest k11' at the Bndge-house Hotel, to receive the report of the' CZorn mnittee of Investigation and the report of the directors; Yr, Anderson in the chair. Mr. Grove, the secretary, read the -notice convening thei meeting. The CHAuRMk, in opening the proceedings, truste2 thati they woud conduct the busiess of the day as gentlemen and men of busineis. It was of the utmost consequence that nu further deay should take place; in fact, the procrastiuLtiorL that had already talzen place by the appointment of a committee of investigation and the adjournment of the astf meeting had paralysed the efforts c the directors, who, with hinself, were endeavourirg to promote the interests of the company. They had made finanucial arrangements with the banker on their own responsiblity to raise money to carry the company over until next July, -but in conse. uence of the proceedings at the last meeting the directors d not consider it prudenit to enter into those personal responsibilities further than to raise sufficient to pay the interest on the debentures which for the credit of tbe company it was important should be paid. They went so far and no further in respect to that mnatter. They would resume the discussion where it ended on the 14th nlt., sinoo wvhich ,7Ir. Fuflerhad again become aregistered shareholder. 3r. FULLER said, in refercnce to the charges that had been made against the directois, there was no foundation for them. In fact, he considered that amore honest set of gen. tlemen never assembled thau their prerent directors. He then .roceededto give etplanationsasto the personal chargee brought against him by thc Chairman. He said that, 'whei managing director, he bad sacrificed his own interests in order to promote those of the company. He believed tha'a thei undertaallg only req,uired to be properly developed by geoo! business men to make it a paying concerm. He propsed that the directors sbould circulate among the shareholders a statement with respect to his scheiaes for reducing the capi tal of the comnpany, by means of a kind of tontrne andtb the issue of life-tickets. He would give the shareholdera plenty of time to consider the schemes, which, if cariod out, would, in his opinion, tend to improve the position of the company. Sir J. PAxToN,,T indignantly refuted the imputationa thirown out againsthim at t-he previousmnieting by Alderman WMilson. Had he been so disposed, he 3might have speculated in the landsu:rrounding the Palace, but, so far from doing so, it was upon his suggestion that purchases had been made xvhereby a clear profit of 50,000L. had ac. crned to the company. He explained that the total losa upon pnuingdowntheoldtowersand reconstrueting the new ditd not exceed S,OOOL, and that the directors, after the reports of Mr. Stepbenson and Mr. Brunel, could not have acted otherwise, though their engineer had since threatened them with an action (or doing so, on the ground that the towers were perfectly safe and their removal under the circullistances iniurio-s to his professional reputation. Witlt reference to bis desire to become the owner of Roc-htl it nieed not, he thought, excite smrprise that he should have a Nwish of the kind; but he had open3l offered to purchase it at a price fixed by arbi. tration, and with conditions affixed, which, among other things, secured the right of pre-emytion to the company, so that he did not see what possible ground of complaint any shareholder could have upon that point. As to the charge made by Alderman Wilson, that he had been i the habit of drawing 1,0001. a-week from the company, ha called on the aldermanto prove that assertion, andexplicitly to state what he meant by making such a statement. MIr. Alderman WILsoN said, it was for Sir Joseph Paxtoil to give explanations on the subject. Sir J. P?;xON replied that tile assertion was ytterly false, and that the aldernan must have known it to be fale nwhen he made it. Mr. Scor TR ssgr corroborated the groundlessness of the charge, and commented severely on the conduct of Alderman Wilson in dinging out assertions, not only without the slightest foundation in themselves, but so put as to convey in a public meeting the gravest imputations upon Sit Josep Paxton's character. Mr. HOP.SLEY proceeded at considerable length to shot that the directors had increased the capital from 500,0004. to 1,400,0001., and that, out of nine members of the Committee of Investigation, the directors lad nominated five; that two out of the four gentlemen representng the shareholders on the comunittee declied to act, and the other two, Mlr. FulUer and MIr. Price, dissented from the report. He contended that the committee had not reported on the matters referred to them. The CHL4immAL , in reply to Mr. Ellis, stated that thera were now no loans due to the company-they had aU beert paidloffi He was happy to say that the company never lost 6id. by any loan. 3Ir. SEDEsY, at considerable length, niide various suggestions, with a view to improve the position of the property, to inciease the company's receipts and to provide suitable accommodation for the working classes. Above aU things, he advised them to Jay out no more money in providing refinements and wvork3s of art, -which the great; mass of the people did not appreciate. He also dwelt upon the necessity of improvmg railway communication to the palace, and of enabhng people to leave the buildingfor toxvn with as much facflity as they arrived. Considerable advantage would arise from a reduction in the price of re. freslhients to suit the wants of workmng people. They should be able to get a cup of tea or coffee for 2d. or 3d. instead of 6d., and other things in proportion. He had great confidence in the business qualities and integrity oE their present chairnan, and he hoped the proprietors would! support him in his endeavours to promote their interests, as he adalargestakeinthoconcrn. (Ap 'use.) Mr. M&Lnrs called the attention of te meeting to the business of the day, and urged the proprietors to come to some conclusion, so as to enable the bsard to act with -vigour and to promote the interests of the company. After a long discussionresolutionsasere assedto the effect that the report of the committee be received, and also the report of the directors. it was also agreed, on the motion of Mr. FABQVAPR, that the meeting should nominate gentlemen eligible for the officeof director; that a list of the names so nominated should be sent to each shareholder, requesting his vote for four of them, to be returned to the office by the 14th inst.- 1Nfr. BaU and Mr. Tyrre3l to act as scrntineers. The names proposed were Mr. Beale, MIr. Danby Seymour, Mr. Oglevy, and Mr. lonides, the candidates suported by the board; and Mr. Aitehes, Mr. Sotheby, . Price, and the Eon. B. Butler, put forward by individua shareholders. The solicitor then iead the headsL of the bill for increasing the capital of the company to 3,435,0001.; aut]-orizing the purchase or lease of Dswich Wood, the institution of by. laws and the issue of life-tickets on certain terms and conditions, should it be deezmed expedient by a special meeting convenedfor the purpose. At the termination of the proceedings votes of thanks Were unaimously passed by the shareholders to the ChairmBn and Sir Joseph Paxton.
DISrnE-SMG S99ixCm.- SounTuOA , JanL 4.- Last night a melancholy act of suicide was committed in this town. The deceased was a man of respectable position named Ecward Webb, and was engaged, ss clerk at the Railway-office in * the Southampton Docks. Some time since, in consequence of his presenting strorg symptoms oE aberation of mind, he was compelled to relinquish his situation, and his friends considered it jecessary that he should be removed from his home in charge of a person who could take proper care of him. After remaining away for some tune, and his health a_eparentlyimrovi returned again to Southampton, an was reinstated in his situation, the duties of which he continued regularly to fulfi. Iast night, upon returning home from the office, he informed his wife he wasgoing to wash his hands in one of the hack offices of his house, 11, Terminus-terrace. Having noticed him wandering at inter-als for some timne past Ms. Webb had prudently deemed it necessary to watch her husband's actions, and, fxnding him go into the back yard, she followled hinL He haI ensconced himselE in the watercloset for a few minutes his wife 'went to the door, which shethras6 open, anddiscoveredherhusbandwit}x his throat most dreadfauy cut. The gash extended nearly round the neck, and with the erception of the spinal con. nexion, the head maybe said to have been severed from the body. Before medical assistance cou0d be obtained life was extinct. It appears that previous to lea 'the ofice the deceased was in conversation with his fellow clerks respectingthe execution of Abraham Baker, 'which take place at Winchester to-morrow, and among various opinions expressed asto the easiest moe of taking life the nnfortu. nate man stated that he thought the act might more speed y be committed by a well sharpened razor than by any other means. This inion he seems quicliy to have acaed uwon. The inquest Til be held this evening. FTAr& Gux AccrnxA o0; 1r BRARs or LO=JA3Em-Mr. James Macdonald, farmer, M ucom er, parish of Xillmonivaig, having obtained leave from the lessee of the shootings on the estate of Betterfinlay, went out on Tuesday last to shoot hares, accompanied by the keL r Dhnean Mlacpherson, and his own seni-ant, Archibald Iacintyie_ As theparty were return=ighome in the evening Macntyre,' who was afew rpaces in front of his master, started a bre, whereupon the iatter pointed his gun at the runming hare, when, nforun ,at that moment his foot slipped on tlh frosty sarface, thie Tolt"went of and, sad to say, entered the body of poor ]aciityre, -who within fiv-,e mainutes thereadter was stretehed a lifeless corpse. The bleedig body was borne by Macpherson from the hilltop to the righ oad. Macdonald, in a statebordering on distaction, could render but little aid. Assistance having been procured, the deceased was remrved in a cart to the humble home he had left in the morning in full heslth. 'Next day the case was investigates by Sheriff Fraser and RT. Macdonald, Procurator-Fiscal, who felt satisfied tbat the melancholy catastrophe arose from a mere, though most unfortunate, accident. Maintyro has left seven hel$ein orphans, all under 12 years of age, and a widow, a deheate woman, in an advanced stage of pregnancy to deplore liis lo,ss. The family are nearly destitute of ody clothes and shoes and bedclothes for this inclement season of the year, and besideshave very little food in the house. The pih minister has opened a subscription in the parish and neigh. bourhood, with a view to relieve their immediate wants-man it is hoped that when these distressing particulars are read publicly k;nown many benevolent persons at a distance wi assist, and contrinbute aid in money or clothes towards this workofcharity. Such aidwillhthankfullyrecived and carfully administered on behaf of the widow and orohans by tbeRev. lMr. Macityre, manse of ilmongvto, towh or through the agents of the British linen Commn uan N7ational Bank, F1ort Willism, donations may be transmtted -Ian rc,nass Couriscr, Dec. 27. MIBE IN WOOD-ST=.-Yesterday aftemoon the neighbourhondof Wood-street, Cheapside, presentedca scene of confusion in consequence of the sudden outbreak of a fr on the promises belonging to MIr. Stephen Bridge, lawe aare. housenman, carrying on an extensive business at No, 115. The premises, which were exceedngly old, extended soMnI cons derable distanoe down Huggin-lane, ana were within 10 or 12 feet of St. Michael's Chuich, Wood-street; while sundr lofty warehouses wernin such proximity to the one in which the disaster occurred that'at one time it was feared mlany of the suznj~ndmng' premises - ns well is the pariah chulrch would have been destroyed. The engines were, hew. ever, quiC;ly set-to Wontk,'and, under the direction-of ??r. Braidwxood and 7,r: -'ogo;the foreman of the A disrirct, te brigade in lees thian an honlr succeeded in overcoming the conflarationa
SRATS BY AUCTION No. 83. A t.egeut-reet.-leae of Houe and Sh M R. JAI!IES SCOTT will SELL by AUCT1Ok, ort l the Prenise. on Wednesday, January 9 at 1 the IASE (for an unexpired term of 10 years, at a low rent) of the HOUSE and SHOP, iithacomnr frontage and hndsom= plateglass front, No. 88. onthe east sideof the Quadrant. The purhaoer may if he w'shvs take the furniture atavaiLation, Iy beviewed ti'd tcsale. Particulaxsz ad on the premises. of Mr. Shan, solicitor, 8, Bdford-zowandof kr. James Scott 2, Warwick-street, Regentstreet. No. 143, Alde te-street.-To the Boot. Shoe, and Leather Trade. -pR.smr 30h'SONwill S MLbypublicAlC- SOOT and SHOEd, 4211 pairsof Hayward robberoereshoes. lldo.rexs French clogs. a few lots of leather in crop butts, crop offnl. andki l.utts, calf kid, enarueedleather zilabidr I.u0 pais menu upperS, also a capital weihing machine and othreffci My bo viewed the!nminngof sale, and catalognoshad. No. 6S, Denbigh-strcet, Wsrwick-squae, Plmlico-Exceuent moderm Fumiture, Cottage Pianoforte, Linen. Plate, de - jIESSRS. WELSFORD and Co. bave reeeived in- . strnctionsto anange forubliecCOIPETITION. onFriday. the llthinst., the handsome BMI nTURIE and EFF T of the above residence. The whole of thepropertyis off rstclassmanufacture. and will be fully desribed in fature advertisements. On view Thursday and mornirng of sale. Catalogues on the prmises; andof the aucioneer. 15. Queen?-road, Byswater, and35, Few Churclhstreet EdgeWare-road. Islington.-Substantial and capacous Cnapel, with noble portico en. trance. r'P .ORPWOOD wi SELL by A-UCTION, at MRt the 3art, on Tuesday. January 2, at 12, by order of the Mort. geage,underapower of sale, theCALE FDONIAN-ROAD CHAPEL, situate at the corner of lingeld-street, in Caledonian-sroad. Islingtonu containing ample accommodation for anumeroes congregation, snelod. jug commodious gallery 1sIa vestry and school rooms. Leasehold for 81 years, at ;£10ground rent. Printed particularemay be had,21daya prsor to the sale, at the 1art; ofM3essrsG. aud J. Clark, solicitors. 28, Plusbury-place; and LIe. Orpwood, estate valuer. Atrlilley-place. ldnsbumy-square. Pianotortes, by Broadwood. Colard and Collard, Woraum andr Sons Xirkmoan.,Ilcc j-. SCOTCHER will SELL byAUCTION, at tha Roons, 21, Old Pond-stret Piely. on Wednesday. Jan. 9, at 1 for 2,upwdg of FORTY new and reoond-hauifsPIANOFORTESincinding a mngniicentfui- compaLssgrnd, by Wornum, and a 7-octave granUd square, by an eminent makier, in heautifol rosewvood case, save-l cottages, piccolo, semi-grands, and squares by Sadood and other mzakers^, alan harps, harmoneimIs, coneertinas, and other musical in. strameuts. Stayheviewedehe rlayprioraudmorn igof sale, CaMlognes had at the rooms; and ofte auctioneers, 0,0 3fortimer-sSreet, Cavendsa-suae Salvage.-Piece Goods (but slightly inJured by smoke), removed from M!,auchester. .OPLIS, SON, and HARDING wtll SELL by T AUCTION, at their Booms, 16, St. Pauls churchyard. onWod. nesday, January 9, at 1 pnuctualy, SALVAGE PIECE GOODS ; on. sisting of 27 0pieces of 1, e nd 4drab and tan Genoa cords, 10D pieces ,' endr drab axnd olive S-tht cords, 53 pieces drab and self moles 61 pieces of consUtution cable. faney. cut and thick-set cords, 6 ends of trnseciug 20 pieces 64bbue piot, black drab nap and brown frieze, pieces of woolen cords, plaid liig. padding,canvass, gray domestilm, fents. garments, o. Mlay be viewed the day preceding and morninC of rale, and catalogues had at the rooms, or forwarded on appli-ation. Residence and Effects, No. 2°, Nottingh5im-place,SIarylebcne. rR. ELGOODlsinstructedbythe xecutorstoSELI& on the Premises, on Friday, January 16, (unleos previously dis. posedof,) the Oririnal LE.SEf or 1 veassata groundrent, of the oxecllent compact HOUSE, the seeondfiom the New-road, close to York- aRew cunt's-p , ior mSfyiyeds the residence of the present oners yomalargeeXapenditGrerwsmade 0 yearsd since in improvements, ac., by norant, and upon a se, roof and drains wetho the last four'. yeas, t t has eheerful east aspect, steo staircse, rump of .print water, ko.. and good stables in bte rear. at preent let off; also in lots. the dcnproprIate 1 uriture noble gawsses. seml'granpa, Ndo. Tho house may beaviewred andeparthcl rs bad of esrs 3 la6 e anudTyle, fessex-streeo, Strand andtat Mr. E s of fices, 96,Wimpole-strcet. Ne.ar Sb,orcdit^b Church, bi d elIn D is fhourt d with instrUctions to SELli psbyAsi CTIOn 2 ateGarafr y'seon Thursday. Tan.10, at2 ,einnsui lots, FEElOLm D HlOUSES and GROU.ND lEYse ;. M ith an earla reertsion to the rack renta comst risng a freehold dvvelling-honee, situa te and being 17, Mlend-sr;teet, Churchsteet, Shorediteb, 5n tho parish of St. Matihevv, Bethual-green, and county of Middlesex, producing .£11 14s.i Peranuson: two freehold dwelling-houses, Noos. Land 6. Trafal,.ar-street, near the above, producing £13316s.perannum - a freehold ground rent of £20 per aum,re amplyrsecuredsixbrickbuilt dw4ellig-horses in fesd and reafalgarstreotets aforesaid vitn poss2esion in 12dyears; a freehold gronmd rent of £2i4s g peruatno, atriingufrom fie brick-built dwelling-houses in Mend aud Trfalgar streets aforeaaid, with reversions to the .acnlrentals inl3 yervs; a freeIsoldgrounmdrent of £4 per annums,reserved on abrick-built dwvellng house, 14, MelI-ealtreet aforesaid, wish reversionto thorack rental im 12 years ;and afreehold ground rent of LI3per annum, arising Out of two brick-built dwvelling-houses, Nose 15and l6, Stead-street otoresani, wlhreversionsto the racl; rentals in 12 years May be viewvedbylearo of the tenants 10 days prior to the sale. Particulars bad onthe promres.; at the Portobello, Turrillestreet. near tho property: of Mr. John Ducnlin, Tavistock-square; and at the auctioneer's oD5ices, 3, Cannon-street-road, Commercial-roadet The superior modem Furniture of Aberdeen Cottage, Brthas; ashe SLx clever, fast Rarks ind Euggy Herses (wcell-known in the neighbourhoodi, a thorough-bred Colt, ricing fouryea-, a fdmst-rate PonY for children, a fashionable Brougham. almost new, a Wall Phator`, Coxvws Pigs, Poultry, and other Effects (the geuine property of a -entleula remOving), the house having to be immediatelytake. oum for the construction of the railway. 1>jR. JOHN DAWSON is instrncted to SELL by ATUCTION. on the rnuises, on We sdneady and Thursda thl 7.3d and 24th of JrrTnuary at 1e-ch dS, a very elegant D -4 ROOM SULTTEof satin brocade, Tith crrced wslnut couclt, Rtg. and other ehairs, marble console and glass, in richly de'ign-SA *ad gilv frame, chione-y 9ass, chandelier, twro cottage plauofo,s, various taliles ad R ouarmode tapestryi c. -pet, Sce, all erOy rer cmtly mew, ana in the best taste: the capital mashogany furuiture ansd. Xocoated chairs of the diningroomn breakfastparlour, and laO.Ys nsmoui roDm, exellent beds and beddiung mahogany and other Arabian hedsmod: with damask hanring, lady's and other'wardro1ss, marble top washl. stands, cral and other toelet glasee. the furn- .ro ot secndarlyaptmxeut and servats' ooms domestrc ols, rulinan utenlls. dier sot,-&e. Alao the valuable horses and c-s,5 abovenasned. cows and he'fr, aenehunudredheadof tancs 'Or5- rabbits, and pigs; a ;Town. buillt broruga and a two-horce ni.p2laeton, avery clever and flas, but qu^iet riding, pony, and T'.osolherthiugs about the poises Tlo bevicowtd, by orders only, on Jonas5 Januaryv21, and zenerlly, ous 2rreedaq. Jasnuary 2ltwrhen mia£guoemay heo hasiots the premies and ret St...JohuDswovs. PrTOTlpp anti lor odleog. rloru~hC1tl
