DEATHS. On the 29th nit., at Brantford, Canada West, the Rev. Peter Jone Indian Missionary and chief, aged 55. On the 3d inst, at Saratoga Sprin, Aimerica, Thoe J. G. thunders, eldestesrviving Eon of thelate City Comptooller, aged 30. On -the 8th inst, after a revere ilness, aIr. J. Dennan, of High-treet, Camden-town, In the 58th year ot her age, much respected by al vho knowe her. On the 13th inst., at Church-street. Stoke Newington, agedA2, Esther Sophia, the beloved wife of John Jeaings. On the 14ta lnas, in Paris, Miss MaryBumby, Econid daughter of. the late Thomas Brnmby, Rsq., of St. Jamea'e-etrect, and St. Mary Abbo ts-terrace, Kensingtoan. On the 15th inst, Samoel Barker. Esq., of the Don Pottery, and Mexbrom House, near Rotherham, aged 53. On the 15th inst., at Mtllbrook-park, Southampton, George 'iVetherill Ottley, Rig., late a Memboerof EHM.' Couneil of the Islassd of Antigna. On Thursday the 17th int., at his house, In George-stre, HRul, Robert CumninYoung, Rlsq., at. 73. On the 18th lnst, at Bath, General lartin White, EB.0L.8, Bengal Establishment, in the 90th year of hi age On the I9th net., at Beoke. Isle of Wight, Elizabeth Constance, the infant daughter or theBev. John refelw Gaze. On the Lath inst., at Melro, aged 90, Mrs. Jane Stltchelson, widow of the ILte Thomas Barstowr, REq. On the 19th lost., at Gravesand, Colonel Charles Shee, second son of the late Sir George Ehee, Bert, aged 67. Oa the 19th lst- at the residence of his mother, 21, Lewres-creacent, Kemp-town, EreigAton, Henry It WlJis, Esq of the KnoTh Blackheath, and 3a Croaby-Equnre, London, aged 4i, deeply lamented by his family and friends. On- the 2Xth nst., at Surbiton, Kingston, Smre.Y Captain Wehbters formerly of AahwveJl, in the county of Rutland, aged 57. On the 20th. ist. at Tunbridge Wells. Ruth, third daughter of the late John Hunter, of ,yneing-lane, London. Oethe tch itet at lDerby-oad. Nottingham,Elizabeth, the Deloved wife of Thenma Wion, Seq., M.D., age 35. On Sunday, the 2Uth inst. at his residence, the Grange, Hanham, Chissoes A. Whittnck, Esq., eldest surviving aon of the lat, Saml. Whittucrk. Fq., HanhsL Hail, Gloccetershire. On the 2lit inst., at 5, RHusell-place, latzoy-square, T. Beckett, Req., formerly Surmeon of the Grenadier Guards. in the 8Sd year of his age. On tthe 21st lst., Elizabeth, wife of Mlr. N. Saunders, aged 58, of Surbiton, Su-nry. On'the 21st lust., Emma Valenti=a Beck Amiss, aged 3 yeans and 5 months. On the 22d itet, at Eimer Lodge, Beckenarn, Keat, Edward Hiclsarda Adams, Req., in his 79th year. On the 22d inst., at his residence, Park-hill, Clapham, John Ferguson, Req., M.D., late of Kingston, Jamaica. On the 22d inst. John only son of John S. Bromley, lsq., of Commercial'roadandAtratord-green, Eex, aged 1i yeears On the 22d inst, at his residence, Forest-hill, Sydenhans, Phil Lawton, Esq., in his 84th year, much resPected. On 'the 22d lust., at York-terrace. Canonbury, in her 8a1; year, unsarna. relict of the late Robert Friday., of steswortb.
WTLZARYA XD LfAYAL I2 The stem rsor Star o t the Soth, No. 41), arrived at £3pithead eaterdlayfronathelBlack Sea, with Mhfor Buclkatr, ;u4aphs Trdebski,'Semjikowski, and r ek,' Tof' the :Polish Division, English Contingent, and a crgo of cr4 * nance stores.* - ' ' - - The stem iansport OssiLn arrived at Spitbead pester. day .-om Constantinople wit'. thWe iollowing officers and *r oops:-Major Evans Crampton (commanding), Captains -iVTZdowsky, RoGenbrant-, Wauchel, Lieuteants Barcn. Vo. MIsani, Petersen, Bromsen, Ensigns Weir and Bertram, -Assistant-Surgeon Kos], in all i0 offcers, lllsergeants, and 243 rank and file of the Ist Light Infantry Regxment of the British GermanLegion; Dr. and Ms. Goodeve aad. servants; Dr. and Mrts. Spencer Wells, Captain Carmichaeil, 95th *Regiment; Captain Campbell, .30th; Captair Seville,R,BE.. and 20 Royal Sappers and miners; Mr. George Shirley, mCo uissariat; MEr O'Brien, Parveyor's Clerk ;.D. Farna, Assistant-Sur-geon; 3fr.. Basil Hall, Mr. Waltor Gilbv. ' Her lMajesty's steam frigate Tribune, S0, Capt Edgell, 'went to Spithtad yest-erday after refit; it is reported tiat the is about to proceed to the Australian station. ' ' The Lion and Indomitable transports left Portsmouth on the night of Monday for the eastward. The Odin, 16, Captain James Wilcox, C.B., is ordered to be paid off at Portsmouth. Her Majestfs ship Colossus, 81, Captain KappeL C.B., wus taken into tne steam basin yesterday at Portsmoath to *refit. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship 'Av, which arrived at Southampton yesterday with the India and Mediterranean mails, we. have the following items of naval and military intelligence from Gibraltar:Her fajesty's steam floating bakery Abundance left on the 315th inst. for Deptford with b1 bakers on board. During the time the Abundance was in Ba}dava harbour there were made on board for the use of the British .ar *i,555,69b. of bread -18,0lb. a-day-averaging monthly 450,0O0lb. The Bruser, wa floating mni for supplying the hakery and Wye, distillery vessel, wire to leave Balaklava for Englad shorily after the Abundance sailed. The steam transport lady Eglintoun, with returned storcs from the Ca-imea, 12 officers, and 100 rank and file belonging to dif. ferent reginents sailed the same evening. The steam tran$rtEm FPeror,Captin Brown, Nvhich conveyed Geneia. Sir Villiam Ccdrington and his staff from tho Crimea to Xertch at the latter end of last month, and brought them back again, left Baladlava oa the 3d inst. and arrived on the 15th inst., bound to England. She has on board 160 tons of a aiscelaneous rgo, prineipallygunpowder. Lieutenant. Colonel Hon. L. Curzo4 and 27 other staff cEcers are passengers by this vesseL The men of the Lande Tiansport Corp, wrecked in the Spartan on the Tunisian coast, had not reached Malta when the Emperor left on the lOth. The steam-transport Calcutta, Captain Blackmore, which left Balalava on the 4th, Constantinople 6th, and Malta 10th inst., put into the bay on the 16th to water on her way to Spithead, with 32 officers, 237 non-commissioned officers and.privates of the 11th Hussars and Royal Artillery, and 177 horses. The following are the names of the officers:-Brigadier-General Warren (Colonel of the55th'Regiment), Captain St. John, 92d Aide-de-Camp, Assistant-Surgeon Pinkerton Staff; ColonelPeel, Captain Yorke, Lientenants Cockburn and Yates, Cornet Wilkin, Assistant-Surgeon Miller, Vete. inary Surgeons Antoney and Gloag, ad Qnsrtermaster Hauntze, 11th Hussars; Colonel Price, Major Hawkins Captains Heyman, Wilkinson, and Davis. Surgeon Elliottp Assistant-Surgeon Betts, Royal Artillery; Lientenants Douglas, 42d; Piggott and Mellish, 44th; Bromhead, 4th . Johnson, 95th; Boyle, 38th; and Maskelyne, 20th; Mijor Goodlake, Coldstream Guards; Rev. Mr. Hort, Mr. lTiddleton, Commissariat; Mr. hPKenzie Purveyor; Mr. Iauring and Mr. Lawson. The screw transport Simla passed the ganrison at Gibraltar for the eastward on the 10th inst. The steam transports Ottawa for England, with lady nurses and invalids; Sir John Easthope and Hetton, for Cadiz, to coal, en route to England; Edina. with detachments of the 31st and 93d Regiments and Land Transport Corps; and the Stamboul from Smyrna, with the 2d battalion of the British Swiss I,egion (Light Infantry), for Spithead, sailed on the 15th. MeriMajesty's steam frigate M3agicienne, Captain V7ansittart, took her departure the same day for Malta. The screw steamship Albanian, five days and a-half from Liverpool, arrived out on the 13th inst. The Aide-de-Camp to Major-General Breton (Captain HIawkes) is ordered to join his regiment (the SOth), which emhbArks for the Cape to-morrow at LiveepooL The authorities at the head-quarters of the Royal Engi. neers have had brought under their notice an invention, 'which .it is expected will entirely supersede the present description of pontoons in use by the Royal Sappers and Miners. The improved pontoons in question have been invented by Sergeant-Major Jones, of the Royal Engineer5, 'who has also invented a new description of gabion, just brought into use by the Sappers and Miners. The Lords of the Admiralty paid an official visit If inspection to Chatham Dockyard yesterday, having arrived from Sheerness the previous evening in the Black Eagle Admiralty steam yacht. The party consisted of Sir Charles 'Wood, Admiral Peter Richards, C.B., Admiral HE Eden, Sir Baldwin Walker, K.C.B., Surveyor of the Navy, and Colonel Green. Their Lordships sleut on board the Black Eagle, off Chatham docLyard, and a. 9 o'clock yesterday morning landed at the Queen's-stairs, where a guard of honour of the Royal Marines Light Infantry, with their hand, under the command of Captain W. M. Mansell received their Lordships with the usual honours. Their Lordships, accompanied by the officers of the yard, proceeded to inspect the various ships in course of building and now in dock at Chatham. They first examined the Racoon, 20, one of the new class of screw corvettes just laid down on the same slip as that from which the Cadmus, 21, was launched. They-also inspected the Hero, 90 (building); the Irresistible, 80, intended to be fitted with the screw propeller; the Mars, 80, in dock, preparing for sea; the Charybdis, 21, screw corvette, commenced in &[arch last, and laid down on the same slip as that from which the Severn, W0, sailing frigate, was recently launched. They also insoected the Hood, 90 (building), and the Calypso, 23, in 6tock. After which, their lordships spent some time in examining the Renown, 91, the largest vessel ever construced eat Chatham Dockyard, and which is ordered to be launched early next year. Their Lordsnips next inspected the large new stone slip, and expressed theiradmira. nao at its fine proportions. Orders wyere given for a large vessel to be laid down on this slip immediately. The whole of the ships having been visited their Lordships proeeeded [to inspect the site of the large newv steam basin which is to be built at tho extreme eastern end of Chatham dockyard, the drawings and plans of which wvere explained to their Lordships by Mr. Rivers, under whose superintendence this proposed undertaking will be executed. After spcending some time in viewing thisportion of the establish ment the visstors returned to the dockyard and visited the xnachinery department, the millwrights' shop, and tho large smithery, where they were received b3 MIr. G. Cotsell, mnaster smth. The various alterations and improvements now being carried on at Chatham dockyard having been examined their Lordahips ordered the whole of the parsons employed inthe establishment to be mustered, which having been done, they wera 3nspeeted by their Lordships, wvho granted them a ha7lf day's biolyday. After leaving the dockyard their Lord3hips proceeded to the Marine-barracks, where thew hole of the Ch t- hans Division of the Royal MEarines Light Infantry, with their hand and colours were drawn up, lor the purpose of bein,g inspeced by their Lordshlps,-who also inspected the librsry,jhcarrack-rooms, &oc. Their Lordships afterwards i nspected Meltville hospital, where they were received by the medical staff of that establishment, and left Chathain for london. Neat Saturday the steam transports Cleopatra, Impera triz, Bahiana, and Imperador will sail from Liverpool with troops and stores for the Cape of Good Hope. The Cleopgatra will take 5 officers, 127 men, and. 7 women of the Sappers and Miners; 20 officers, 114 men, and 6 women of the 15th Foot; 6 officers, 264 men, and 15 women of the 96tn Foot; and 1 officer of the 92d Foot. The Bahiana will embark at L*ercl 350 men, the depdt of the 88th Regi3nent. She will then sail for Dublin. and complete her com. plement with 26 officers, 600 men, and 36 women and children of the 96th Regiment. The Imperador will take the 80th Regiment, and the Imperatriz Will proceed to Dublin for 29 officers, 750 men, and 45 women and children, and a ouantity of stores of the 15th Regiment. The warsteamerSalamander wil sail on Fr day for Portsmouth, with the ganboats Clown and Kestre. Yesterday 11 officers and 500 men of the 3d Regiment, and 11 offilcers and 300 men of the 46th Regiment, with a number of horses, arrived at Liverpool from Winchester, andwere billetted in the town until the arrival of the Prince Arthur steamer from Dublin, in which they will sail to Ireland. It is reported that the 5th Royal Irish Hussars, at present stationed in Dundalk, wiMl shortly form part of Dublin garson. - Te ea-w teashp entrin, 0,Ca linEdward G.I }ahaw, fromPortsmoutnh,arrived at Pplymouthon Sunday, and the B aunswick, SO, CaptainHastibngs 1I. Yelverton onMonay;the ar orere tobedocked and The screw steamship St. Jean D'Acre, 101, Captain George St. V. King, having had her copper examined and repaired, was taken out of dock at Devonport on Monday; she is appointed to go into Plymouth Sounc d on Frday. Tesailing transport Lady Russell, No f9,'C.pai IF. Smii arrved at Wolwiwch on Monday evening from Balala'va. She sailed thene on June I5, in tow of the screw transport Jason, No. 84, and entered the harbour of M.alta on the 23d, sailed thence on the same day and made the bay of Gibraltar on the 1st of July. On the 2d, the Lady Russell put to sea, under sail, having been cast off by the Jason, when she experienced a series of contrary wind reing coniderably out of course, Cape Roco bearing E.N.2 -9 miles, and had to facea continuation of perverse weather in crossing the bay. Arrived at Spithead on the 18th inst. sailed thence on the 19th and proceeded up the Channel enveloped in a thick mist. She was taken in tow in the Downs by the steamtug Trinity and arrived at Woliwich, at 5 o'clcok p.m. on Maonday, Yesterdaymorningasconddeepatch of hiheid rie beZll cartrdges was forwvarded from Woolwich to London and. Chester for einbarcatioft tothe Cape. This despatch consisted of abouat 100,000 rou.nds, and closes the amount of cargo which wlill sail from Chester tomorrow.
S I.K L J- THE ROYALFVISIT R01OM ~ ; -. -m t r ; , . . -: - - 'i DUBLIN ., T!SDAY.3OfRfOG. A second edition .ith considerable varixtions, of the report of an aiAnfmnal Royal visit to Ieland, having been circulated during the last few da4ys the 7rr}v ofami H er, in the following parsgrap, fnafly disgoses of the pleasant illu sion: . . the We have the beI t n ithority for stating that a here was not the leastfondaidon for the a3leged treparatioas forEer Majestys reception at Killarney. It is not trethat the maion of the Earl of Tenmarewaybeng got ready for the. arival of Her Majesty, who, it w,as said, was to have been the guest-of thienoe eatl; and, ien at probability, th .anticipations of a Royal risit to Irelanrelrsted-upon ag good authouitas that given for thea oyalvisitto the to b, though it nay be doubted if any other spot offers more genuine atnaction tz the tourist, Wfether Sovereigc er subject," One of the imPerick papers states that af deputa. tion from the ele'ctors of Tipperary waited a day or 'two since upon MIr. Samith O)'Brien at Dromoland, requesting that gentleman' to'allow himself to be put in nomi'nation as the candidate"of their choice 'for the seat in Parliament at present filled -by Mr. J =-es Sadleir. MIr. O'Brien, in refusing 'this flattering solicitation, has but confired tbe good opinion of his numerous friends by declining, foi some time at least, to take any prominent part in poLitical or public affair8. NAVAL SQUADRON AT EINGSTOWN. The people of Kinsistown were agreeably. surprised yesterday morning by the arrival in that port of Her Majesty's ships the Duke of Wellington, the Conqueror, the Inflexible, and some of the recently constructed gunlboats. The appearance of the latter excited greater curiosity than the mammoth screw steamer,: although the latter is jusly considered the finest vessel in the Royal navy. raE UrEPPzPY. PAWs coNThlrUTOnrEs.' The Master of the Rolls has made hi; fial ordera -in theappetl cases of fxr. James Birch Eehnedy, eim Rev. Join WhateIy,and lfr. Sterlin, all of who n had been placed on the list of contributories by the Master in Chancery (Mr. J.J. Murphy). In each case the Mlaster of the. Rolls refused the appeal motion, with costs.' In te appeal of Mr. Girling, one oe the 3nglish shareholders who had taken an assignment of shares fraudulently issued to Austin Farrell, his Eonour made a similar order to that " I Re Ginger," reversing the Master's decision, and strikdng Mfr. Girling off the list of contributones. TIE FIUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 95q; ditto, for account, Aigust 12, 95J 96 ; Tew Three per Cent. Stock, 951 96; ditto, for account, August 12, 96 1 -; Hibernian Barnk (21 paid, 31, City of Dublin Steam Packet Compny (1001. 64; Mining Company of Ielnd (71. paid), 4Xd. vays.-Dnblin snd lgingtown (1001. paid), 1674; Dublin and WicUow (101. paid), 6, for cash, 6Qj for account; Great Southern and western (501. paid), 561ditto, FBour per Cent. Preference (paid in fu:ll 201.), 19.1; Irish South Eastern (1B. paid), 61- for cash, 61- for account; lKillarney Junction (101. paid), 101; Waterford and imnerick (oOL. paidl, 24^ for accolunt; ditto, 5 per cent,t preference (50/. paid), 46A, dittt, 6 per coent, preference (101. paid), 10 for account.
EGYPT. (FBOM 0UR ow COFzBsroNmT.) A ALEXAN-DRIA JULY 12. Six boxes of letters, forming part of the India mail closed in London on the 26th of June, have been left behind in Egypt, and will be forwarded only with the next maiL They consisted of one box for Calcutta, two for Madras, one for Bombay, one for the Mauitius, and one for Reunion. The cause of this untoward event was that one of tile camels laden with these boxes, kbeing a wild, unmanageable animal, strayed away from the other camels and was not found until 24 hours after. The steamer Cadiz, which might have left Suez for Bombay with the mails on the 7th, was detained until the evening of the 8th, but as no tracess of the missing camel had then been discovered she had to start without them. Recent intelligence received from Arabia states that the last Scheriff appointed by 'the Sultan to Mecca, MohamedBen Aavoon, had finally succeeded in asserting his rights in that country. and that his predecessor, Aboo Moottalib, who had endeavoured to make a stand against the Sultan's authority, had surrendered to the Turkish troops, and was to have been sent to Egypt vid Cosseir. Aboo Moottalib, when reduced to his last entremity, had takenrefuge-in-thetown of Taif, which the Sultan's soldiers surrounded, when the inhabitants of the town offered to give the Scheriff up under guarantees of security to themselves, which was given. it is hoped that this part of Arabia will now be enabled to enjoy some of the blessings of peace, as it has been for a considerable time in a state of great anarchy and civil warfare. Prices of produce in Egypt are being run up very high. Freights are also better. Exchange, 10i piastres per pound sterling. The harvests throughouOt Syria axe this year very abundant, and the silk crop has also been very good. _
PORTUG-AL. p IIVERPOOIL JULY 22. The Battler steamer, arrived here with Lisbon dates of the 14th inst., brings no political news of importance. Every exertion was being made by the Government to close the Cortes on the 15th. The deputies had voted unaninmously the bill to authorize the 330,000/. loan for public works. The tPeninsular packet '1agus landed her mails at Lisbon on the 12th, late in the evening, and went on next morning for Cadiz and GibraltaLr. The Royal Mail packet Tamar, with the mails for South America, called at Lisbon on the 13th, and left at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The Prench steamship Prince Jerome, from Toulon, was coaling at Lisbon when the Rattler left. Her Majesty's steamers Leopard and Odin also put into the Tagus for coals on the 14th, the former having left at anchor outside the bar the Danish transport ship Espindola, which she istowing home from the Crinea with the Land Transport Corps on board. The Odin had, before entering the Tagus, parted company with Her Majesty's ship London, which she was to rejoin after coaling, but the London had notbeen signalled offthe bar whenxour Lisbon correspondent closed his letter. Two British ships of the line and a steam-frigate with troops from the East, which had been some days detained at Cascaes-bay by contrary winds, were supposed to have proceeded on their voyage during the night, as the frigate was alone in sight at daybreak on the 14th, steering north.
THE GERMRAS AT LDBRSHO-TT. TO THE EDITOB OF THE TILIS' Sir,-I beg you will do me the justice to insert in your paper a statement which I have to make in reference to an asticle concerning the Ist Jagers in your number of the 21st of July. Itis a misrepresentation to say that the regiment was guilty of disturbances duing the passage on board the Transit, oEnheir vay to Scatari. The regiment, under my command, was embarked, not on board the Transit, but on board tho Imperatriz, Captain Cox, and not the slightest complaint was made of the men, although I was a sick man at the time, with a broken arm, and my First Major had recently died on board of cholera. No disturbance whatever hasbeen created by the 1st Jagers on their homeward passage from the East, and I trust Captain Weeks, commander of the Colombo, will do me the favour to bring the good conduct of the men to the knowledge of the public. So much in replyto the remarks about the conduct of the IstJiigers on board. As for the afay at Aldershott, I will leave the defence of the regiment to others, who may judge with less partiality than, Sir your v bndirnt srv¢n. i-. SCHROMR, Lieutenant-Coloncl. Commanding Ist Jagers, B. G. I. Colchester, July 2L
FATAL CoLI-EMY EXPLOSION.-An explosion of fire-damp occarred in the S rafford Main Coflie ,Stainborough, near Barnsley, belonging to Messrs. Smit , Carr, and Smith, on Saturday afternoon, just as the men were leaving work, owing to the negligence of the two persons who were fortunately the onuy victims of the accident. Most of the hands had got out of the pit, when a man named George Ward, aged 38, and alad named William Griffiths, aged 17, a sor of one of the managers of the pit, incautiouslytookalighted candle into a 'benk"to searchfor some metal rails. The flame inmediately came into conUtactwith some foul air. which is supposed to have been liberated by the falling in of a portion of the roof a day or two previously, anda loud explosior ensued. Ward -was killed on the spot, and his body presented a shocking mutilated appearance. Griffiths escaped death, but was very Eeriously injured, being much contused about hishead and other parts of his body; one leg was also broken. The effects of the exvlosiou wexe confined to the vicinity of the "benlk'in 'which it originated, or the los of life wrould havo been considerable. It is due to the pronrietors of the pit to state that they have introduced every modern improvement- for the prevention of accidVents, and that this is theJfirst casualty of the kind that hiw happened under their management.
; THE D ZPA27MENT OP THE 4ABmy. The followving is the h Report of th Sele CommIittee appointed on the 1dicaI Department of the Army :. "1 Thatthegoverning p3werof thArmyMediacsIDo- pararent shouad bevested, as at present, iL one indivuial, andnotinaboard. "'2. That th3C'mnmalnderii;-Chief should exercise a con. trol over the alpointments and promot.0ns'of the Director. Generial. "3. That the priiniple of general competition, or 'of specal exaina ntion, in recoinized mediccl schools>'be appled; as far as practicable, to admission ntc the-Army Medical Department. - "4 T hatc no medical offiior siballibepromotied to be staff- surgeon of the first class unt l he sslhave&served noti less: thn three yesm as a regimental medical o'dicer. "5. That the rules which guide promotion be published. "'6. That retiremeut be optional after 21, and compulsory from regimntbl and second-clans staff-surgeon duty ater 35 yearsi srvice. "7. That fiacties be gei the purpSe of stndy in civil hospitals, snch precautions being .tken.asaiill gaa' rantee the period of absence being passed in such study.. "3, ThTat'the ±nulateon which requiresoffloers of the ' depr nrartsto-6 , two- -Y6a lnthe-rank to-wrhichithey: liav en "promoted upo4aCth -tpyof their pjrevious rank, ba'e mbootd. "9. That the pay of the army surgeons and assistantsurgeons be inereased, aa may be determined by the execu"ive Government; -but this committee is in favour of lOs. per diem as the pay of the assistant-srgeon on first appointment. "10. That the relative position of medical and. combatant officers be not changed, and that the army surgeons ba not nade a more military body than at present. "1L That the system of confidential reports should be placed upon the same footing with those relating to com batant officers. " 12. That the committtee agree with the recommendation of the Director-General as to leave of absence, honorary distinctions, funeral honours, special services, and relative rank. "13. That as it has been stated to this committee that the sapply of medical officers was insufficient during the late war, the establishment of civil hospitals may have been necessary; but your coimmittee trust the recurrence to such a alternatives may be avoided for the future. " 14. That a person duly qualifiedto compounlmedicines, and attested for military service, should form a part of the medical establishment of every regiment; and that those persons should be selected either from the Medical Staff Corps, from the ranks of tho regular army, or from the orphan sons of soldiers educated at the Military Asylum; that they should be regularly trained and educated with a view to the duties to be discharged; and that no one shall be considered eligible for employment until ho has given proof, on examination by a board, that he may with salfety tothe sick soldier be intrusted to compound the medicines to be administered to him. " 15. That the Medical StaffCorps, which was raised for service during the late war, should continue a part of the peace establishment; and that it is desirable it should be recruited from the ranks of the army, provided volunteers offer in sufficient numbers, possessing the requirements deemed essential to qualify for the particular service on which the corps is to be employed. I " 16. That the standard of providing clothing and earthenware vessels for eating and dirnking at Haslar Hospital be extended to the general hospitals of the army%; that accommodation .ior sick officers be provided iu them; and .at a military lunatic asylum be provided, as embraced in the design for the New Mitaxy Hospital at Southampton. "17. That tho question of hospital stoppages be left to the discretion of the Horse Guards and the War-office. "18. That at the ontbreak of any future war separate transport should Ie provided for, the conveyance of all medical stores; but ycur committee leave the minor arrangements of detail to theI Executive. * "19. The committee in the course of its inqluiries have hd incdenialy biouXgt before thernthe admirable 7nainer in which the army and civil surgeons have performed their duties in the East, and your committee are glad to take this o portunity of xre-ording the high opinion they entertain of t"eir .merits. 'July 3."
I DRESSMAKERS AND THEIB CUSTOMERS. TO TEE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-By your powerful aid public attention has been drawn to the pitiable condition of the poor needlewvomen of the metropolis, and to their claim on the consideration of society for relaxationfronn their incessant toil and ill-zequited labour. May I request your advocaey in behalf of a little less injured class-the immediate employers of the needlewomen ? Within the last few days a case has come to my knowledge where a deserving dresrsaker, much einployed by wealthy people, has been obliged, by inability to pay her debts, to submit 'o have an execution enforced in her house, to decline to receive articles to make up, to xefuse orders, and, in sborb, to abandon her business and the means of livelihood of herself and her assistants, beeause a number of her rich customers have not paid, and wJIl not submit to be pressed to pay, their bills, some of which were delivered one, two, and even thr,e years ago. To add to the distress of this case, aged parents, a sick sister, and a brother out of emliloy are alike sufferers from what I may justly call the dishonesty of the wealthy debbors, who are nightly exhibiting at the gay parties of the season the dresses for which they have not paid. These people may be shocked at being caled dishonest for only postponing (in this instance till their victim is reined) the discharge of their biUs " to a more convenient season ;" but thoughtlessness is no excuse for such conduct, and a passing regret at tha result will bo but a miserable compensation for the desolated home and blighted hopes of the poor dressmaker. Your obedient servant, ;5.
THE STRIKE Tr THE OARS COL1rmy.-The turnouts who have recenitly left their employment at the Oaks Colliery, near Barnmley, have published the following statement of their case :--" It has bee;f stated that the colliers left work because the pit was in an unsafe state. This we deny, the principal cause of our leaving being the fact of Mr. Minto having csased an explosion on the 2d of June in consequence of his buildin' up a ' stopping,' so that we believed our lives would be in danger were he to continue our snaner. It is perfectly true, as stated in the papers, that Mr. Morton (the Govermment inspector) reported as to the perfectly safe and efficient state of the pit, but it should be borne in mind that that gentlemam did not inspect it until eight days after he bad been written to by us, so that the proprietors had sufficient time to clear the workings, which would most likely alopear in a very different state to what they were at the time the complaint was made. The article alluded to also states that there hal been a conspiracy among the miners in this instance. This we boldly3assert, to be false and malicious, as our sole reason for leaving ouar work was the desire to preserve our livet, and not heedlessly to hazard them by worling under P rman wlhose want of experience and love of e:tperiments might some day lead to a, catastrophe similar to that which ocwurredin 14S7. In conclusion, we rnow state our willingness to return to work provided Mr. Minto has not the future management of the pit, otherwise we must remain out, as wve do not intend to ron the hazard of sacrifiing our lives for the benefit of any on or persons. By order of the Committee of the Oaks Miners." The men, who had already retuned to work, have again left, in consequence of a ruole established by the coal proprietors of the district not to employ any r;mer unless he has a written cleazance from his last employer. lfany of the men on strike would find work at the neighbourIng collieries, but for this rule, the reftasal of the proprietors of the Oaks colliery to give the necessary " clearance"preeluding them from snakcin engagements elsewhere. Some collisions have taken- place between the turnouts, and some of their comorades wise have returned to work have been xssaultedin a violent manner with stones and other m1siles; the police have also been attackredia one of these iff ays. * oY.A COvro OF Sulsrtlos..-The following getlemen havintg undZergone the; necessar examination for> tnedsploinawereadmittedrimembersl of the College at the xteetissgof the Coutrt of Examiners on 'the 21st lut.- Mfessrs. William Curran, BroInpton) George Barnes;' Pewsey, WViltsf-Rsobert Henry :L)nnu, Eololi[-ospiW, * Dnblin; Edward Falisoner Miles; Dzblin. -
_..ARUAX..T . -A_ . U?OU .O IE Pk $I J-Y :. -. ThL Ca5a~ciOm toki et 032 vt iooPaack-- zo'eock - he dEl o f. U S iFe B plShltpfin tloai etso a etig a oonisPI heor l an t ngheleo tbe Chaelx r and-*; Cof Vaii iect. - the efots f perac.ridirandagnaeedeaj iidged i}iEmaeves, a cam Ch~ Thqwryer artd, ishot thiat .the doctrdnes of-this aectwe nrawrfni ucoand blaphious, pp t the commaac of ro iindthelaws of this ream.: -The noble lord als prssie s petition from the o ndoccpier of lan d t of XErith, praing th "the ditrict on the shore of tho Thbamie t-ieot InSdetho ceMpoolS of f don. The LORD CHANCELLOR id, he JacqWiza with the pirtof the country from lch this lutpetition came, andhe was of opinion at a very strn a ousi0 ; to be made out before what pr d to one bcared out. THE-EAkT,L OF LUCAN AND TEE JUDGE- - - ADVOCATE-GENtRAL. TheEarlofLUTCANsid,-I wish Ao snake a few re. marks in2eference to somae animadversions made in another place on mi q;eechof a former eveing, o,n the productior. f the ieport of ths Bed of General OiLcers at Chelsa. I shall not. occupy your lordabipe' atten1tionoriorwe than a few minutes, and pirhapsfhe tlmost conveoient course wil btoread-whatldidsayontlhaoccssion. I havo puit on paper, and I have shown it to several persons -iho were present on that occasion, and they all agree that it in ~accute. -With your lordships' permission I willrSedAitto youI:- . .. I"The Minister of War, -whenexcusing himself on the last occasion for not producing the- report, xsted that he -*as actting- under the advice of the Judge-AdvocateGeneral I did not desire to comment on the manner in wich :.ta :leuanadgezitleiman lconducte&-hiimsef Inthisiw.orI t ythat he pe l etO3metdoass iiercore Sonority ofthe board than the position of the ilt;Iadviaser ; the'-b6ard. Whit chacter he asumied durin the deiberatios -vith elseed doors I could not say, but I corld not shut my eyes to the fact that that learned gentlemarn was a colleague of the noble lord, art was therefore-no doubt most unfairly-open to the suspicon that he might not have been more impatient for the drawing up of the report than the noble lord was for producing it. In passing, I must tske -the opportaunity of observing that it, wasrepugnant to al sense of justiCo that in a pelitiusi inquiry *rlitical partisan should be the officer to advise the rourt. review of 'the prdceedings at Chelsea nade it clear that the adminis- tration of justice before milita-y courts required consiera - tion on the part of theIegislature, and, as I believed that that consideration could not bh given to it in. aore fitting pl3ae than their lordships' house, I hoped thit the next session would not pass avway without the' attention of that House being called to the office of the J'adge-AdvocateGeneral, the functions of that officer, his tenure of office, and the mode of procedure before military courts, which I did not hesitate to say was at present: Unecessarily tedious and obstructive to eliciting truth.," I believe that to be an accurate report of wbat fell from mue on the oc3asion. But the learned gentleman in another place has thought fit to put words into my mouth. As I do not wish to detain the House long I wil only advert to those observations of the learned gentleman to which I taLe exception. The learned gentlsman is reported to have said, but I hopo he has been misreported:- " I am told thlat a noble lord, in complaining that the report had not been laid upon the table sooner, ascribed the delsy to the fact that I had drawn the report, and that I 'had been dilatory in the matter for the purpose of serving the objects of the Minister of War." Now, I never for one moment supposed that the learned gentleman had drawn up the report, nor dr- I state so in my speech. I said that there was no great impatience shown on the part of the Minister of War to present the report, |and the learned gentleman, being a colleague of his, might b eraps unfairly be open to the suspicion that he was not himself vrery impatient for the drawsing ulp of the report. The learned gentleman proceeded, according to the report, G~~~~~~~~~~~~t tho say:- , o"Tenoble lord has beenin constant communication with persons who have been connected with this inquiry and report, and I do not believe that anybody of the least authoI rity has given him this information." I deny in the most positive and solemn manne- that I have been in communication with any one individual connected with the inquiry. The learned gentleman thengoes on to say "he has not obtained i' irom Lord Hardinge.e What does that signify? It means that I did obtain it fromLord Eardinge. Though there is a connex1on between me and Lord lIardinge through ourchildren, yetInever sawsoittle of Lord ardinge6asduringthelastsixmonths, anditis apositive fact that I have never seen him to exchange words with him since the 18th of April lest. Nevertheless, Imay be told that it is most likely a communication has taken place through my daughter or son-in-lav. I declare m the most solemr manner that until the last week I never myself touched on the subiect to my daughter or to tfr. Hardinge, whom I had not seen of late three times till the last fortnight; "With whom," continued the learned gentleian, " he hobaeeninjfre*ienb commnincation of late about these proceedigs. ES&ever was anything so fabulously untrue. The noble lord opposite has the advantage of me, inasmuch as he- was under the gallery in the House of Commons when this speech was made, and therefore he knows whether justico has been done to it in the report. Lord PAN MURE.-I was not under the gallery at the time. ("Hear," and a laugh.) The Earl of LtTCAN.-A gentleman-Colonel French, the member for Roscommon-came to me from the House of Commons and reported what was said there, and added that Lord Panmure was present. Lord PA? IURE.-I was at the House of Commons communicating with Lord Palmerston, but I was not under the gallery. The Earl of LUCA.-The learned gentleman is also reported to have said:- " It is further reported that this noble lord imputed to me partiality during the conduct of the inquiry, and that I had abused the authority with which I was invested in order to prejudice hinL . . . . . . The noble lord complains that the inquiry was political in its character, owing to the circumstance of the Judge-Advocate being a Minister and attending the Court." Now, I deny that anything that fell from me was to that effe*t. I never caled it a political inquiry for that reason. I do not consider that the composition of a board makes an L.quiry political; it is the matter that comes before it that does so. I admit that this is partly a military and partly a political inquiry. I havo not read much of the report, but if the officers in exonerating themselves have throwvn the blame on Sir C. 5Trevelyan, the inquiry was a political one. I think I have cause to complain of the sentence I am now goig to read.. The learned gentleman is represented to have said:- ' And I ain bound to say I believe that, however incomplete the inouiry and insufficient the evidence might have been in Lora Lucan's case, yet the general officers, looking to what evidence they had tD decide upon, have given a just verdicb. Now the case, I think, lasted, with the intermission of a day or so, three weeks, and I never heard till this hour that there was any one point in ny case requiring further elucidation. If ever there was a case thoroughly investigated it was mine, and this learned gentleman, when he cannot deny that the verdict of these distinguished officers was favourable and just, adds, nevertheless, that the evidence was incomplete. Now, it is not too much to say that thin insiluation is baseless, and, if the learned gentleman did utter it, it is base. I have now adverted to all the points I think necessary to notice, and I shall not offer much comment on them. I shall centent myself with leaving the House and the pablic to form their opinion as to whom the charge falls on of uttering unmitigateduntruths. I -will only give this advice to the learned gentleman, that, seeing he holds a judicial situation and is supqosed, therefore, to have the benefit of judicial immunity, ne should be a little more cautious in the language he uses. Lord P1ANURE.-I think I cannot do better than give the noble earl the advice he has given to the rtht hon. and learned gentleman in another place-to be a little more careful in the language he uses towards other parties, and to avoid provoking a reply. I understood the noble earl to have distinctly stated that the Judge-Advocate- General had drawn up the repor' of the commissioners, and that he had used his position for delaying the production of the report. That was not only my understanding, but also the understanding of a member of the Board of Inquiry, who, if my r-collection serves me right, got up in his place in this house and defended the Judge-Advocate from the charge. I can only state that I think it is extremely to be regretted that the noble earl should take advantage of his position as a peer of Parliament to pass grave reflections on the highest judiclauthorityof thearmy-theindividualwhoadmuinisters itscriminallaw. Thatisbringingintocontemptnotonlythe high authority of the Crows, but the high authority of a civil member of the service to which the noble earl belongs. I enter not into the controversy between the two parties carried on in two separate Houses of Parliament; but, if an officer of tne Crown is attacked and charges are brought against him in one Hlonse of Parliameni, the noble ,arl must not be surprised if the person attacked, vindicates himself in the only place where he has the opportunity of makling his defence. The Earl of LUCAN.-I challenge the noble lord to produce any newspaper in which it is reported that I said that the learned gentleman had drawn up the Teport. I said notlitngofthe sort. WhatI did say was, that " theleamed gentleman was a colleague of the noblelord, and was therefore, no doubt most unfairly, open to the suspiclon that, he might not have been more impatient for the drawing up of the report than the noble lord was producing it." The subject then dropped. i The Ea±l of GALLOWAY ulresentedpetitions from placce in. Scotland against the 'aPr&clmia Schools (Scotland) Bill; also, from yclaces in Cheshire, cAgainst the abolition of church-rates. - BUIN3TESS OF THE HOUSE. - SHEEP, &c., CONTAGIOUS IDISEASES TREVEIT. ' IN-,BIlL -. On the mootion of ord STArof ;4 AgDnsEY that this bill bo iead a second time; -e 1 Lod EEDESDALER-rose to call atte;ntion,to thie state of the business before the House. That was the lagt day on which a second reading could be given to any bill; 1- . , . , - s~~~~ inly four, 3nor w h iti,sd ' astinigfor M;a"Wo ANm diz thg .i erO "M ' 'hich her- jordabipebad !liii down.- with regiret;>- me -ieadingi had en4 tCed gh6eIxi to aecai i n*sanl. (Hear, hems.) -XZewouldtlao obiezy tkt a ful l [attelidance bsd e m*nUp to Ithe litei perod Z the as - niom, and that every. okfAbiftul:b ee broughtbeforetheir lordaipa a eCived due;. eade-% :ti an& beei fUlly 'dia d The zuIi '.Wihch ba beeu Lord 4 inently eu yoemeftl, ltb 1t r s ' -.oiS E E Z oitroncrs iwith Ahz lloWe lord #i?f e Of tbo l iDne bef5e the duea were mo ct. Mh orill wasUHezi moeaed tig iorersaint be ct ausida ent th,g corn i. was~~~ reaea third-te ad pi- n.e. d. >-. he for owSin A biNLe were readE eosad timeh:-ghsotie aivereu: Of Bill;' u nis e (relaod) 3ilr, antlunaticn de%MnS Su pe.-auo ati - o vor ., , OINT-STOCK BANS 1B:LL .. , - I,ord 'C PCHILL lso thee o rdadin of-t.s bill. . - - .., 3'Ord EDESDitE iohed io l&uow t his her -the bl was asretion LhO y the Government, lad wrhether theyhad in ahed into the sbject.tow bichit elated A 1ord S h E of Al E said, Itough som e difbrence-of opineon-cxistedi n,lthe iter, tbepLepon. derstos of auhority te in:fvour. o'f"^te altesitaas c msated by the bint,.aed fi shouli therefore d econime 'd theirordtancpsogiveir ao edroadin g 'm ' wiorhwl thO e Euip edto edpreshis anppolval of tih bill, of hs noble ftend,- , <i. ! - -he blmlwasces oad tea.econdtime. ''' l ht-wouien bytSitor o C mmSee on w b3ll . a. wa-Ird EAGIsd, thiere wereOf uve ITne the finanixl a eEnnsthercountrn oee ti t*this rbell whichreabde iindeto call thich ention haftlie eopae to it. Itgrt eoetdui ien a tif6ru filerson can in es blefriaae was, the e e he n adiaizuroI ..bai 'ed uponduri-- ' stte 'oti peto onider the mode un cbhe. the .War bert'mert shofld bereorgdisede n Aeuust, 1855, hie himaedntaion to E! Chang thn -under cornideration, if ibtwiasnot irEc., deterpined upon, with rugard to the coWissaiat r 'o | part of the aervioe of theD a,rmy was more materil tbnb a the cosnam.n. Hedid not alude t .the Lduties' of the coanmiaaiat in the field, but the adinieitiore of the fnacial ai i of the ary in tAM e of pe nevr coa wiThe safety be sejsartea from the wrs.sir, whhhd the supremesand responsible dminisaion the finces of the. country. a e s as gad -vat the opinion he then eprreom ed had beenooonfaed by a letter writtn by Sir C. Trevegyan, whosaidtpwut the chang wasa dibocaoi of -te finuana system of the coutr The financial administation of the commiss riat was then removed to the Tesurty, from which it oughi, never to have been taken. Bre another change lys tbeen maderwhich was open to veryat objection. -By a consoldation eP the armyand ordanee the sum ofp34,OQO,Of. was voeii single estimate, and the expendit.re of this moneg w ~plaed under the almost uncheced coeetrot of his- aoble barun am antMount of responsibility whfich ouxght acarcely to belo)ng to the War )epartmnent. This sum bad been reduced, not by an adverse vott again st the Giovernm ent, but by the jutdgment 'etoihe Government itself in dimrinitshng thesamunmo thDse original estina'se The original estimate was neatly 35,OOO,oOO., and Tthe reluced estimates were 20,747,000L, eingr prednuc tion of neoarly l4be,000,0 This was a ver hargeiredufro onr and one thich gave promnise of a lage iminution ine this vote next year, although he hoped the reduction weould not be carried to sAuch n extent s to interfere witrh the effciency of the service. While the ordnance imd earm depatents were perfectly separate there coula not, uithout violdation of law, be an application of ordnance money to army purposes, or ,of arms money oe ordnance purposes. But when the two de-S pJameses were am nited, votes granted fo.r army parposes might have been transferred, with the Consent of the Ptreasre, to ordnance purposes. Thatl wuid have been. a gre at abuse, and, by a most judiciots a pgementg cohmopletel separating the votesp it was now entinely prevented. Atserit there were some dibuculties arisingcfrm the consoh-. datiocn of the two deparments and, foresee.ng those difeculties, the late Chancellor ofrtheEvxchequer andthe present Chancellor ef twhe dchequer asked and obtained from Partiamndt large votes on account. He took no,on himself to say (and he did not think the noble lord&at the head of.the War Departmenb frould contradict bim) 'that-nbnt for those lnrge uAna propratwed sums ite mold have 'been utterly impossilre to cai on thne late w;ar eoficiently. (Hear.) lt was wdith considerable repugnance that he iewed the removal of the ordnance a ndounts from the indeendeut Board of Auditors tohis noble friend (Leord IPanumure). The alteration wvas very similar to the alter .tion -with respect to tshe comiss t. Any aeudit, to be effectu^al, must boe independent, aud disconnected from the department ^whose accounts were to he controlled. In any other form it w^ouli he a perfcot fallacy, and could ^not. banswer any useful purpose. It might be sad there was the Parlido entary audit, established upon the sgestionh -of Sir James aham, butthat-aonlyfor theHpurpose oE ascerataing that tbe-eoueyawe applied to the purposenXor Iwrhidlithey were voted. The g*eneral a-undit nstrsfeiredi to his noble friend, and he could not help expressing ht opamon that any departure from -ba independent *audit was destructive of -what ought to he the best security for the distribution of the public money, and the execution of the public works. (Rear, hea;r.). The Audit-office had bcen relieved of the army accounts, which had been placed under the iptios e very doe perthdent which incured the exwenditue, thus establisihing the somewbat ridiculousprinciplemof brrowingdepartment to audit their own accounts That s a point to which pe trunsted his noble friend torld htun is attend t on, for the present wras a moment when it would be most dangerous to nepart from the old rule of an independent audit of accounts. He also wished to obssrve upon the suzbject of our future erpenditture. We had just closed a wpar, psd were in a transition state from a axvish expenditureto a smore conomical system. At witse economy, duly exercised, --would be a protection against the false economy which would break dowvn all the national establishments, and render them useless far the services for which they were intended. Hbe wias glad to find that the subject bad been ta,ken up in the other house, not isn a rash and hasty sprt of economy, but ha dise and prudent men, -whom brought their long official experience to bear upon it. At resent our fiances were in w somewhat peculir condition. aring the war considerable sums hed been voted and very oppressive taxation levied, upon a specific ptlege that after a certaLin time those taxes should cease. The property-tax, the malt, tea, sugar, and coffee daties had been increasedo upon teha. understanding, and he-would be a bold nsinister who shlould propose to depart from it. While, haowever, oulrtincome was dimtiihing from those sources our exuendithre vould increase. By a new system of borrowing mciney upon long-dated bills the country was bound to pay 2,tCa,tt y. per anmnm for three year:, snd 1,500,001. for ay fourth year, to meet a loan that bad been contracted, and a bi ano upon their lordshi table proposed to grant an ulternitetie power of extendmg that susten. There pasalses of prospective sinking fund for the final exstinction of the late war nebt, which eas considerable. he thought the Chancellor of theBxcheuer had shown a wise judgment in not relying wholly upon taxation to meet the expenditure of the war, but bad had recourse to a mixed symstemn of taxation and borrowing. There weab anotherapoint which was wort.hy of consideration. He reierred to the manner in which the savings-hank fund had been dealt vdth by the Governmnent. Hle did not mean to say that what had been. done was contrary to the law, and stiU less did he intend toconntenance anybie doubts wich some personsmightentertain of the scuritypor solvenuy of those ,% eful ti sttustions the savings-banks; but, ats the same tie, he was of opinion that the system which had been acted upon was wel worthy of warlicepentaryinquiry and examination, which he trusted it would receive at no distant period. He conceived there vas a serious acnger to the publc service in the exercise by tbe Treasury of the powver which it undobtedly possessed cftselig out stock belonging todsavings-banks, ineorder to facilitate its own financial operations. The contro' over savings-banks, which was vested in the Governmnent, did not originally extend to the sldeof s ukbbelonging to those instituitions, but thDat power wa^s conferred by an act whaich ws subsequlently, and as he beLieved unwisely, passed. At presenti ohen a Chancellor of the txchequer found the market for Exchequer-bonds and hils falling he sold-out stovins' bink stocdh and invested the proceeds in the pur- chase of his depreciated seudalte, thus maling his savings-banks operations auiliry to his financial plans. These operations had been carried on of late to an extent -which, ne supposed, was btithoutgeample. There had been a continued action on the pert cf the Chancellor of: the Exchequer upon the stock-market, usd such anaction could robttako pioe without produ.cing aa actual effect orethe price of stock. Niow, the Iodors of public securities had no protection against the Chancellor o f the Exchequer, who appeared on the market' as the -proprietor of 30 millions of stsock, nand he therefore hoped that, as the exigencies of the war could no longer be urged as en ecuse, the noractiee tO which hehad alluded'-wnould altogether cease. He trusted their lord;hips wvould pardon him for having de'taine.d themn by remarL-s upon a subject which they, no doubt,cnied suffciently uninviting but he thought it be ov1d temto consider allthese mantters, because theyhad the resnonsihiihty, if not of voting taxes, at least of pasingr hills mvhich L,ordPlANXMURE sad that into the general subject so ably alluded to b_ his noble friend he should not attempt to enter, huit -there -wer one or two points to which referencee had been made upon which he wished to make a few observations. In the frst plae,hisLohole friend ho6dtou~eheI upon the retrnsfer to thee as f the financial branch of. the commnissariat. Now, Le (Lord. Panmnure) had -certanyben of op7iniou from the commeneement that the fitnania arrangemsents connected with. the commaissaiait oug t to be vsted in the Secretary of State, but msould return to t'he Treesury, who had the-ontrol of those arrangenents, bothwitregard-to the army and ordnace The transfer ot the, depetu t was now going - on. It was not quite so ea to separte -te -two branches of finance and supplyaswas atfirstimaginedbuttheseparatioz woldtne place in a short -tine, With reference to the aud"iting of the pubic accounts, be thought his i6bhleixend Ust be mistabgenl in some of,-his, ianareaiions alit his ub. jeci. In the War-office, as6it formealr existed,-and. inthe Secretarj o if State's office as it nowi existedi-he detaled saudt of Iheepniurikmae-neteey,frel Of the Secretary at War, ana nowi of tle-Secrtar ofStt It.-was tran7iet. in the -departsnent~ "an it would be uttesif imupoesible to conductA ths uit' Po M, aywl~i~iewereeondutedi theAsa'thoe~ esi
HOIJSE OrF COcuOIS, TursDY, JuLy 22. The SP33AKER tookl the chair at 12 o'clock. The following bills were read a third time:-Bell's Estate Bill, Dallington Estate Bill, and Thoroton's and Croft's Estate Bill. COUNTY COURTS ACTS AAENDMENT BELL. On the order of the day for the third reading of this bill being read, Mr. GLADSTONE said, that when the House went into committee he took objection to what he thought a hasty proceeding, one which had not been duly considered and examined, and by which a charge of 170,0001. a-year would be imposed upon the public purse. He stated that such a charge ought not to be created without the House having previously examined into the state of the existing judicial establilhnients, 'n order to ascertain whether the country was subject to an unnecessary burden on that account. The answer givea to him on that occasion was, that the subject of the County Courts ought to be con' sidered by itself, and that, although there might be ground or inquiry as to the judicial position of Westminster-halD, yet that constituted no reason why the boon which justice demanded ir the extension of the benefit of the County Courts to the country should be withheld As the House appeared favourable to the measure le did not divide upon it, although he retained a strong opinion as to the precipitancy of the measure. But 'what he ebiefly wished to advert to now w-asthe judicial establishment at Westminster-hall. It was a subject which never could be satisfactorily examined into, except by the direct action of the Government. ARl that a private member of the House could do was to snake an appeal to the Government to undertake the examination of ihat important question. That was the object which he had in view on the present occasion. He should not be justified on this occasion in pressint for any positive or definite answer on such a subject, but the question he wished to ask Her Majesty's Governmen' was tniswhether, during the recess, Her Majesty's Government were disposed to make an inquiry into the state of the judicial establishment in Westminster-ball, andwhether the present number of judges sitting in Westminster-hallrwas essential, taking into review the immense relief which the courts inWestminster-hall had ex33erienced by the extension o- the jurisdiction of the County Cour, and that at a heavy charge on the country9 An] opportunity would be afiorded during the recess for Gxovernment to make up their mninds 'whether the establishmuent in WVestminster-hall wras more than adequate to the purposes required of it. Of course any reduction would be irrespective of the vested interests of the present holders of the official appointments connected with the Judicial office. He should bh very glad if his sight hon. friend th-3 Secretary of State for the Home Department could give him any assurance on the subject. Sir G. GREY said, he could not give any opinion as to whether it was practicable that a reduction might or might not be made in the number of judges in Westminster-hall. He believed, however, thas his right hon. friend was mistaken in supposing that there had been any diminution in the business of the courts at Westminster-hall since the formation of the County Courts. It was true that a certain description of business had diminished on some of the circuits. If, indeed, the County Courts had jurisdiction over criminal matters the business of the assizes might be materially diminished, but that was not the case; although, therefore, the civil business might be less, still the duty at the as4zes remained much the same. Besides, the increased demand of judges on the circuits would make it impossible to reduce the number of those functionaries. The county of Glamorgan loudly complained at having only one judge at the assizes ; but it had been repTesented to him that no more than one judge could be spared for that circuit without extendinrg the employment of judges and counsel far into the vacation. It was true there might be a new distribution of the circuits (hear, hear), by which a greater quantity of business might be got through with a less number of judges; but that was a subject which demanded mature consideration. The bill was then read a third time. On the motion of Colonel W. PATTmv, a clause was inserted extending the provisions of the bill relating to the superior courts to the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster and Court of Pleas at Durham. Mr. HA.DFIELD moved a clause to empower articled derks to attorneys, of two years' standing, to appear as advocates in the County Courts. The hon. member supported the clause chicfly on the ground that these County Courts ought to be regarded as legal, schools in which the young students of the lower branch of the law (namely. attorneysS clerks) should be enabled to acquire a practical knowledge of their profession. Tne &TTORNEY-GENERAL objected to the clause, and said, these courts were not intended as schools in which a professional education was to be acquired. There were no other courts in which students wvere allowed to exercise the functions of an advocate. Besides, attorness were officers of these courts as well as of the superior courts, and those courts possessed a species of control over them; bhut derks would not be under the control of those courts. Mr. HEYWOOD supported the clause. Mr. STAFFORD thought that the object really was to enable young men to acquire tbe art of public speakdng at other people's expense. (" Hear !" and laughter.) Mr. GLADSTONE regarded this as a very important question. Either a person must appear before the judge and state his own case, or he must employ a barrister or an attorney. For the reason stated by the Attorney-General, he tbought it highly desirable that a person who representea paty in a suit should be under che control of the Court. If ttlis rule were relaxed it should not be in favour of attorneys' clerks, but rather in favour of the private agents of the parties concerned. On the whole, however, he thought it better that none but professional men should be emp oyed. Mr. CRAVUFURD said, he should be glad if that were the law, but unfortunately it was the case that not only might a party a.ppe.ar in the County Court by himself, but he had a right to appear by "counsel, attorney, or agent." Under the term 'agent" a set of persons calling themselves $'County Court advocates"' had crept in, who were wholly unacquaDsited 'with the law, and whose conduct was hiohly detrimental to the efshciency of those courts. Mr. maUdeIN GS thought thoee was some misunderstanding about the measing of the word "Pagent." eu anderstood it oad been construed as meaning the agents or stewards of the parties, and not strangers tendering their services. Msr. GLziDSTONE scaid, it was desirable the law should be clearly understoed on this point. Many persona wished thattheir own agents shouldbe allohed to appear in cases of small demands. It mnight howfever ho difficult in some cases to distiugaish between a permanent agent and an agent pro lMc vice. He admitted that to sanction the latter description of agent might open the door to gross abuses. But, in the case of smuUalcisius, a refusal to hear an agent might be an actual denial of justice. Sir T. B. PERRY believed the law to be that a party could only appear by a Professional agent, or by an attorncy, or- by a gratuitous agent. Ho hoped no rule would be Laid don-n which should prevent the employment of a gratuitous ageat. It was quite clear that the judges of the County Courts had ample power to prevent any abuse in this reag.nt The A TTORNEY-GENERAL said, that the judges of the County Courts would not allow any person to appear as a +,aid advocate for any party unless he were an attorney or a arrister. Mr. F1rOY understood the practice to be to admait an agent to appear in the.character of a witness rather than as ,n advocate. He was allowed to state Isis party's case, bu:t he was not pe-rmtted to plead or argue upon it. Kr. TADFILD said lie wouald not divide the House, 'The clause was therefore withdrawn. MIK HADFIfID) then moved a clause enacting that one Attorney might act for another attorxey in special cases. 3fr. CR4UFURD Ppposed the clause, and said it would oven the door to a c,assg of proceedings very-undesirable. The effect of th. claute would ba that 'no . respectable -attorneyS Would aU .PPYNuSly iu these courts, but would d-,e1et§ ness ta cs of lpesoniawho woul iti& ~tepublic confidence. sverjf can eosdereds.lresad., tad the ouae lded-etolretG .te.opintionCthat, the chlange proposedl ought not t-.be' Mr. ROBBCK said,it appearedto 3hiath t the effect of Ahe claue>--ruld be-to break dow the distinction nowr existing. between attorney mid barrister. If- t was-d' termiined 'to destroy that dis3inction let it be done distinctly -amd-avowedly, and not ii tisL incirect manne - -r. HENLEY Faid,. there ws growing up a "eicses of; aQtoiney-advocate, and it *ASa doubtful whether lt oisuht -tobe- encouraged. Some men possesse! a facilityvof talk, or what wasvulgarlycalled "'the gift of thegab' {laighter), and these would lihtit&1-byjother ttorneysto manape! itieir business in tho County CoorLss He did_ notthinkLt, was desirable that tbis nondescript animal should be; .Aloredto grow up..-,, - -The clause wa withdiawn .- .,- The ATTORNEY-GEERALE imoved the insertion od elausa empowering the Lord Chancellor topermit'there.; igst r 'or a istiat-clerL to reside out of ' the dAsLrict. H e .thosght tot -thelightest miswhief could be: produoed by sulch a pover being given. Sir J. GRA.HMwas not-prepared to. delegate any such -powertot.he Lord Chancellor, whicli might be eiercised 'apriiously-severe in one case and relaxed in aiother. If, howerer, the hon. and learned gentleman would limnit the ?diiau& ef the residence to-so.y, thre or four'miles,from 'the ilistrict, that would very much itigate his objection to, the clause. - Still he objected to such a general powqe being given to the Lord Chancellor. pg The-ATTORNEY-GENERAL expressed his readiness to limit the distance of the residenco of the registrar to-within six niles of the district. Sir B. PERRY thought the registrar should have -his iesidence near the court, that the suitors might have acces, -to him in cases of emergency. : Mr. FITZROY said, no case of necessity had yet been made out for the proposed cliange, nor had it been shoii' by his hon. and learnced friend the. AttorneyGeneral why the registrar should iive out of his distict. Ee believedthat the alterationwras simsplyto iner one solitary instance. and that was hardly suffiienltground to justify the. House in reve.rsing a decision come to many years ago. The clause ws put and negatived. , . Mr. ROEBUCK said, he had discovered that in clause .10 an armendment had been introduced of whiehich i notice was previously given. It related to the comp6nsation to'be mnace to thec1elrks -whose business was going to betaken away. That compensation: had- been raised from onefourth to one-third without anynotice whatever. The House had gone through Eome of the forms, but not the whole. He believed that no alteration could be made in a bill on a third reading without notice. The SPEAKER said, the hon. and learned gentleman was mistaken. The rnle of the House was, that no clause should be inserted on the third reading without notice; but -an amendment might be made without notice. Sir-J. GRAIA A L-Then, has the amendment passed X The SPEAKER.-Yes. Sir J. GRAHAML-Is it not open for the House to discuss it? - The SPEAER.-No. Sir J. GRA.HAM.-Then I cannot sufficiently express my surprise and sorrow. (Hear, hear.) Af ter some other amendments being made in the bill, The SPEAKER stated that it was now competent for the Secretary of the Treasury to explain under what circitmstances the amendment had been introduced into the-bill for giving one-third intead of one-fourth of the existing salaies as a compensation to the retiring clerks. Mr. VILSON said, tnat by this biUl Parliament was re pealing an act by which the clerks were entitled to a la-rg, salary. He submitted that, whether the bill proposed to retain one-third or one-fourth of the existing salary, it would not be an increase of charge on the public. It was a charge to be paid out of fees already imposed. The reason of the alteration from one-fourth to one-third was, that orginally a discretionary power was given to the Government as to the amount to he Paid to these clerk s; but when it was thought more advisable to fix an absolute sum, without any discretion being left to the Government, then it was thought that. one-third would be a fair arrangement. These men had been induced to abandon their private practice in order to devote their services to the public. Suposing a clerk to be now receiving 0G01. a-year--by this bilI he would only receive 2001. a-year; and the mere possibility of returning to his private practice was a thing more easily spoken of than accomplished. Sir J. GRAHAM was perfectly sure, from his knowledge of his hon. friend, that the insertion of the amendment changing the rate of compensation froin one-fourth to one. third, withontnot.ce,wasbyinadvertence. By theoriginalbill, however, it never was contemplated that a plurality of ofices sh ould be established. He (Sir J. Graham) took sbam eto himself in not having foreseen the possibility of that plurality of ' offices. It was contrary to the spirit, if not the letter of the act. It was now tbought desirable to buy out this abuse by compensation, and he thought a compensation of onefourth, sanctioned as it had been by the committee, was most ample. He had that morning received an anonymous letter from Dewsbury, stating that, if any argument were wantingto showtheseriousinconvenience arisingfromnon-resident chief clerks, it was to be found in the fact that the clerk for the towns of Dewsbury, Pontefract, and another large neighhouring town, was residing in Leeds and that the duties wese delegated to a young man, the csief clerk attending only on court days. Eor these duties he received fees amounting to 2,2001., out of which be paid about 5001. for salaries to clerkxs, retaining a net income of 1,7001. a-year, a. suns exceeding the salary of any County Court jadge in the kingdom. He should wait with some anxiety to hear the decision of the Speaker as to whether the advance of the amount of compensation from one-fourth to one-third was obligatory on the House or not. The SPEAKER.-My decision will have no reference whatever to the merits of the case. It will be stricty of a technical character. In ordinary cases it is not competent for any person to propose a greater charge on the revenue of the country than the amount which has passed the committee. The only exception to that rule is, where a bill is I introduced to amend an act which was passed in a pre. vious session, and which act imposed a higher chargethan is intended to be proposed by the bill thus newly introduced. When the amendment, therefore, was propose I by the hon. gentleman (Mdr.Wilson) it was impossible for me to know whether the increased amount of compensation came within the ordinary rules of the House, or whether there was such a chayge created by the previous bill as would cover the amount proposed by the hon. member. But, as I- now understand, there was no change whatever under the old law. If I am right in that, then you ought not to attempt to exceed the limits fixed by the committee. Therefore, I consider that the amendment which has been introduced into the clause is informal, and one which ought not to be made; and it is therefore cancelled. Mr. HENLEY said, it was quite clear that it was not intended there should be miore than one clerk to e.ch court. But no check having been enacted, these men had got a monopoly of clerkships in every district. Mr. WILSON said that, with reference to the anonymous letter rsead by the right hon. baronet (Sir J. Graham), thera was no doubt it was entirely untree. It was impossible that any man could have received such a salary. It would have been entirely ilegal. Mr. CAYLEY thought the clerks who would be displaced by this bil had been hardly used. The bill was then passed. VICE-PRESIDENT OF COMITTEE OF COUNCIL ON EDUCATION BILL. On the motion that this bill be read a third time, Mr. HENLEY said, that no reason had been adduced by the Secretary of State to satisfy bim that it was necessary to bring another paid officer into that houe. Itiwould require strong reasons to make that course necessary. He therefore wished, at all eveuts, to record his own opinion thagnst pnes- og this bill, and thereby saddgeng an additional charge upon the public. NSotion of an amendment had been given tat this new officer shonld overlookIrish education as well as English. Tha.t opened up a large question. He under. stood, also, that this new officer was to undertake the charge of the various scienti6ic societies that were now in vogue. But the House having negatived by a large majority the scheme for a general system of education pro. posed by the noble lord the member for the city of London, be could not but think that the object of having an officer of this description had reference to a desire to set up some large scheme of national education, to he conducted bythe Government. That being the case, he could well understand why the Oovernment should press this measure. But being of opinion that there was no necessity for it, heshould move that it should he read a second time that day three month^-. Mr. GLADST1ONE concurred in the general views. of the right hon. gentleman* with re.pect to this biD. He saw with some regret a relaxation of that jealousy which this Iouse formerly evinced with reference to the multiplication of paid offcers in that house. The House was not now so rigid in re9uiring a case to be made out for such a measure as he could wish it was. Nay, individual members of the House sometimes rather officiously pressed upon the Government the multiplication of paid members; and, moreover, a practice appeared to be growing up of creating offices before they bad created duties which the persons fillingthose offices were to perform, in- stead of firA ascertaDnnDgwhat duties Nve-r-e to Se done' ard then providing officers for the discharge of those duties. The nght hon. gentleman (Mr. Henley) had said with great justico that there was a connexion between this bill when it was first introduced, and of certain schemes which were entertained, and which at one time wero thought probable might boadopted in regardtonational education. There was strong evidence in favour of that view. This bill was introduced in the House of Lords at an early period ot the session, and notice w as at the same time gsven by Lord John lussell of his resolutions on the subjet of education. The further proceedings with this bill were delayed by the Government in order to ascertain hat w ere the view s of Parliamuent wit o reference to those resolutions. The views -of Parliament were declared in a most emphatic manner, and those resolutions were now naubered with the things that- were. But this bill, notwithstanding, was sti proceeded with. He could wish that the proceedings taken upon the matter of education were such-as might not involve a chance at a future period of their retrograding from what they hat had already done. He was -bound to admit that generall their proceedings had beea of that kind; and that they -ha t not taken a backward- ourse, but that the sileasures which had been adopted had been taken after ' fell- discu.ssion, and that they had raceived :in gene- ral the matureappro bation of the country, But ith respect t o this bill he could not regard it as at all ettling tOes ?estionbich'it raised.' Fortunately, in one sense; as it sords opportunuity for future discussion, the till did.not sanction any pa7ment-out of the consolidated fund, Therefc're in ogder to povdt ;; ii lary for tho niu:of ficgr, it should Appel vee.iii me to tim,Tht the_ at?-oz o yiu& ~ an . g o -ilii-iudgenent t;b be~ formea upoa it, At p eet- hi Ah6uld ra ht?ropoibd,as it wA9iwsvtlarefertueid64 two objedts-= y,o6SUJ * 4spoition bf establishing thiokc Magetand exznded agcyiw th niaterdu _a4dh whih, or theepreient, lia~-entizely disappeared; and.th_ other, tbat.tliereusmightKAS .1ayba possess nrtiat house t6 aff6Mcifir.edudation';-he t3h.,eglt that V116 littei ObjeCtale5OL --was- h&rdrYsiA 2a fficient!cause for, introdesceng isnewlY *p~j/ c~ Iprsoage ntethat;~h6JU`fte'TIae ccevsii7u -.of basing. mteofEuaic in, the. house,, o4ght to lriowiw*hat duties thie.hn. gentleean% whomsight be stepout&i 6ths k offioe wrould 1 h%y0eQ Odi hsg w zihe'wa not attenaing in lass place in Parliaxpent, fe w considerable confidenoe that they were going tb&g ive"a 1a'bd consDtitution to this e UCatiDeal dep tent,,-.(Hear, hear.1 -This vmnae.oldb s.ific r-.1~'ittle '~'orked; Aclars ii o.fifices o.-thatLkind geW2snhorely supersutending pesns._ Thay_ could njot, Lae o_ - bunie_eprt_ st 'therfunctions were of a niminstriali character. ueis requring the inte2rvenkon ot 6iiichagperns would occar but rarly.Thee ~asno at aigiysusnees wnich would jplif * saythattiod usinss o ties ffic itself i! ither slighti or ulnirtan. Onthe co r7i-t wa ver estengire'apicl * of ~ nsportade, hu :the -reas-sasa raa in' ;r'ooves by offioers as th eLtiienet was' -nDow coaimttuted; and whose duties didn manit.of being transacted by A Pii'vyConnfcillor wihaslraf200.-Tayes. - The-y had omne analogous inatt EioS'twW they. moight refer. TXhe Boird of Trade was.eise ofthm.H did not, hlow; ever, hesitate to say that the constitution of that departmaent was a had constituLtion, !Instead of being a Idepart*monit with a, regular organization and 'with onxe responsible head, and the Other, Members bearing a, de. : fined relation. in subordination olantey isL W.6 parties, cheek by jolapeiet n iep euiet, *of. equal official ran,teic-rsdtbig,nfat the mnore important mnoftatoeseilyfbehpne to sitLin that hous,wie-hpeietstnteHueo Lords. It veryrreyhpeethtbtweehoogl hard-working mnembrofteGvret;btnecur' :raght to have none buat t-horogl hd-rin'm . That constituation therefore,was bad consiuin. Onthe *other,hand, ilhey isadgot sa e.aample in another department ..which lt wotLId be more desirous tidfollo`i. If the tune hal arisen wlie'ia vit s esusrfy thital?arliannentar- officer should be appointed to Answer #jflitofis-iii that house ulion educationatl saubieet-s-though he for himself thoughtthsat no better plan could be~ devisedl thin to requie that .dutynto be to be dischargea by th.e Home Secrtary of State, wbio in the p resent casl Was a man. of the greatest ability, and holding the hi 'best aid moat responsible postyet, if the tirae had arrived'when it was necessary to3 leave in, thelouse somie gentleman to iarswer for the departmient of 6ducation, then lethim be placed upon a fooiting of eqstalhitywith the headl of those whio were now the workig offoicrs of. that departuinart. - Why not nave a joint secretary of the Commnittee of Education ask there was a joint secretary in the Board'of Trade ? Both EeCretarieS ought to be working obfficers 'Certainly, at theb time he (Mr. Gladstone) was in that departmient the jointl secretaries were charged with highllYresponsible and imiportant officil duiS. Thec constitution of the Board,of Conitrol also, was somewhat of an aLnalogous care. Theni there was the Podor-Law Board. - That was a mnoat recent authority. There were joint secretaries in that departrsient; neither of theme were Privy CounciMors. lin his opinion, the Government would have done muchx better, ancl would'have much moresocurely Preserved the influence aLnd dignty which aPPertailsed oteth in~crtant off'ice of Lord Psesident if instead of appointin a vice-presidEnt, theY had followed the example of the soard of Trade, andi had appointed a joint seretary to be an astistant 'wit-h ltfr. Lincoln. He wouldI have qondluctedi the busines quite as well, and have answered questiour ~utte as eadBl as any vice-president or Privy Counucior could do. Ire did not think this mesoure had been sufficiceatl co- 1idered by Government or by Parliament, andi he thirreforneIelie-ved that the wiser coin-s-e wouLld be that, instead of iving the sanction of Parlianment to an immature Scheme, t should be postponed until a definite ides was formed of he nature of the duties to be dischargedi by thismoie*officer. n the meantimne all the duties ae petaininmg to the function faminister of education, coul contiue to be dischazrged, a they had hitherto been, by the secretary of Stat-e for the -Home Depart-ment. Sir G. GREY denied that this proposal was in any,Wa connect,ed wibh the educational scheme proposed by the oble lord the member for -the city of LondonL at an -erl reidftesssion.'On the contrar7,in the session of 18-7Z, and long beFore any schemne was proposed by his -noble friend, it was stronoly pr~esmed upon the Governmenit that the constitution of tiWe Cmmitece of the Privy Council of Education was defective and that 'while Parliament was yeal increasing the amount of grants- for thbs purpose of promoting education it was inexpedient that the s grants should be placed in the hands of a board where no One member was respon-sible for its anprpriation, and -where therebega divided responsi. bility there was in effect no responsibility at al. The G,overnment were presed to establish anL individaalizaa responsibility, and to place the administration of thosze funds under t-heSuprintendence of one M-inister. It was also iirgedi that the educational department ought to ,be r',seftedinthat house, who, ina conjunction with the P?pesidentofthe Council, should tak~eupon himself thelad ui. nistrationofthaosefundsgrantedby Parliamentiorcducatiojsmal purposes, It was also suggested that the seine board should take upon themselves the5 charge now intrust-ed to the Board of Trade connected withlartand. science. The First Lord of the Treasury said in reply to these Appeals, that the GOvernment wvould not shrink from proposing to Parliament such a Measure. These were the reasons to begiven forestbliashing this new officer of the Government wvhich wasmraly designed to mooetwhat wvas understood to be the genersd 'wvish of the Hfouse. Tho bill didl not involve the question of salary ' that wYould corns annually before Parliamient. The right Lon. gentleman had drawn a distin,ction between a Privy Councillor and not a, Privy Councilor. but that was qutebeside the question raised by the ri-ht hon. mem. bar for Oxfors-dhire. That right hion. gentleman objected to any alteration of the present sytesn, oar to aniy paid officer sittinig in that house -who should be aLble to give, that information which it wcould be his duty to give, If It sny future period:it should'be thiought better that public education shouldbe:mepresent-edbyane-xecutive officer insteadl of by a Vice-P.resident, and that hissalary shonldhael,501. a-year ini.t-edof2,00)Lit'wouAldbeqmiiteopenfortheHousetoadopt, thatourse. Itivastrietieatelthepropos-edschsesnesof-DnbU0 edlucation were rejected; buit he understood that the gfounfds of their rejection were that the time had not arrived w"hen it was p:racxtically expedfient to attempt to establ1sh one general systbem of educatFion throughout thbe country. But it was, neverthieless, the gnrlfeling of the House that means should be tae oextend eduication throughouit the kingdom; and it'was thoughit that the existing means nesd now 'were the~ best that could be devised. When the Committee of P-rivy COuncil was first established, the grants of ptiblic money were small, and the duties 'were of a light charact.r, so that the cormaittee possessed suincient machinery to administer those funds. But slow that the grants had larely increased, and- the bushiess connected with the, departmient 'of cducation hae likewise increased, it was felt desrirale that the educ-ational department should be enlarged, ~nd that it should be representcd by an influ_ential Miinkstcr in the House cif Commons. Mr. NAPIER. was of opinion that it would be of gr4at advantage to hiave a responsible Minister of Education. in the house, if that minister were moade to represent the whole of the united kingdom. But he understood that the bill was not istended to be aPPlied tolireland. If the bill were to be passed, in that shaipe it 'woutld be drawingastl wider line odemarcation bettween England and Island on, the subject of Baucation thant at present existed. Mr. H1. VERNION could not allOw one observation of the Secretary for time Home Department to pass 'without remarkc. The right hon. gentIensan said it was quite bSid the question to makeo any objections to the bill on the ground of the position which the pnsposed officer was to occupy, or to object to his being a Privy Councillor. Yiow, the bil consisted of one clause, and he conceived tha t he whole force andi pith Of the bill 'was thLat the propoted Minister should be a highly salaried officer andt one of grat positiOn, It aPPeared to him that by this bill the resident of the Committee of the Privy Council 'would practically be made a. nullity. He confessed that heloedQwt great jealousy at the appobitment of such ano officer as this. He could nLot Possibly understand wvhat those mna tters csonnected with art. sod science, andl which 'were now easeo slated with theo Board of Trade, hadl to do wivth education in a practical sense. He 'was -aware that persons takdsout the education of the people being promoted by ariad science in en indirect manner. That, ino dout wa bre ut, what 'was required in this instalece . was a. hard-woridag officer,- -lye admittd that it woulcd hoa of grer.t advantage to have one Minister on fthe subjea-bi of education resposesble to thatHEouse. Large saunaofmasoee were vOted annlually, and theo House had not sufficelnt means to inquiire into the details of the mauagensent sind expenditurcofthatmoney. BuI'the suggestionwhichahaLdbeau miade that daywoiuld fully meet-the case. A joint secretiry might be employed in the day in the duties of his department, and at n3ight he might attend in that house to answer thiefew questibees that mic-ht be put. it might be desirable that some Miunister shoulId always be ready to, answer cretry o Stte fr th Hoe Deartmnt.And! if upos hs rsposiblit te rghthon getleanwas pre- piared to say tnat e was not able satisfactorily to his iwin conscience and, as he believed, to the piblic and tDo thlat House, to answer those questions and Make himself master of the pornts that might asise, then he (mr. Vernon) Would adJnit that a strong case had been made out for having some officer; bat he should say an inferior officer of the Govermnent appoited to discharge that dty It could not, ho ever, be said, that it was of no importance whetlher that off cer was a Privy Councillor or not. It -was of great importance for this reason, that he must be strictly a Ministerial officer. His sole and entire business would be to carry out the views of Parliment, and the vEwms of the President of the Commuittee of Privy Council. It wouldnotdo tohavetwoeq-Alauthorities in the same department. HeR must be distinctl subordinate to the Pr-; sident of the PDvy Council, anid he must not go beyond the intentions of the Privy Council. If his riglst hon.-friend the member for Oxfordbhire should go to-a'division, he (Mr. Vernon) shouId certainly feel it his duty to vote-with him. Mir. HAMDMED was sorry that a question of this 'kind should assume the charabter of a Goverament bill, because hon. -rnembhrs who -were Supporters . of Government ifelt themoelves in siome manner constrained to support .the` eneasure,'wlaethertheya:pprow,d-bit or not. Buethis b jl did not -oriieate-witl the Government;i it *vasforceti upon them; dhe, therefore, hoped that they would listen to Ishe-~ advice given to tlaem Against tbe principle of the bilL . Thke amount ofgrants for education,jsceence .nd art was 8FS ,937l, Where were l5 itmsn ozt seunt of wilich rats were made, lintthueduatinalb blaeilyhamto Asa with. one of thos items = He -n rtu eS aiaslb bilL . .. . - : n ~ srp X Bth:' at, :,inowiaa4ain i-ho' t rcheme6 propm1fonA gezramy1t%ePz s(p(blic ednsation ad ejectedfthey-,ers. lot to givT Ilp-aaaiovli.- getber, vor4o.stiih i d tefgree ido a in'roWetl usd,,- 7_0be Sr-.abf _A e, fO;-s st- ment, it w simpoulble atb e ou 4kis7 e hnu'u -Whieh-would ap in.the o6ee e £11 sit nompatilVy w1ithte h aicrhicahaih* p3f;utiJ~xament~apoitted a J4utrl bh asoh .reonble-for thle-edectonl zdepatse.t he-oujtt'I, Spraoi): of c - ,.X.;n,-tr :i *Jlo~~~~Piy Co~chulrTftj eet iixse>in -Under-eeta,but rogL& ; ih .cetz-cf Statefor the,ExcDIn :-c )rPELLATND ppoediJ bil,.bntheond i 1 duties:of thiew lfeinister -were not fien±ly:8eCne ' Mr. NEWDEGATE said, that by ths bill an ndirod authority was abobt6be cr&Ated.- 'Ioeaidered this hill .tobe g tbe oadation ofa a Alchebe a tnreand --fw ich 411PYOCoidea. . f thin. ow .r, he 'was C al-tht a:moet arb1gtzo°n'vary'ytlejen wEl b&roagnt io io bp,smupo. thre educaio of thoeye groiitid He,threfre d O pu poses e4eDonauierad the elji ptdola tery ex lenieaSr&e; C-reat--benet -woldhae been of te t -mdurinagtbe discaren of the Oxford niv Bill here Ia been aNimaoer of d u tai6ste,e Th i country , Sirtd J hrge sums of monhey, -wefregrntedfiemor of d - thon: pfrpnend every statin and*h theey OfordUntverotyd noarafertof,orntorma Eionse thelapfeoprsdv-atine-of the -pmseney of the President of the nor hinself Vom Hear t- and lasunhter}, and, not only so, bohe was the le4erAt ia ' tme m thatt toure. Siaceheh iif s't henseahe't that observed a remarkable chiange.- strongfeelinigof 5ealousy unsed fdrmerly to e.xist 'with reference to ihe iunhiber of pst- sons, mnemoers of the Hone holding plasces ander theo Tnsa-, surty,, (3ear, hear.) H'e did not at the p)resent moment ee thenecasity for this newMinisterial officerbeing o p.| pointed, *nd he shlould therefore vote agaiia thle thtai. reading of the bill. The Rouse then divided, wrheit the nm=bers were- For the third reading 77 Againstit ... ' 3 5 ... Majority ... ... ... ... The bill was then read a third tmne and passed HY AND STRAW TRADE BIL, I This bil as amenaed was considered. PROCTORS INT ECCLESIASTiCAI CO1TS BaILL Mr. HADFIELD moved that this bill be read a second time. Sir G. GREY observed that it would be quite impossibie for the bill to pass this session, and he, therefore, hopid that the -hon. gentleman would not proceed with it further. The motion was put.and negatived. The House adjourned at half-part; 3 o'clock The House met again at 6 o'clock,- Petitions were presented bv SirB. PnIn, from the mayxr, aldermen, burgesses, and inhabitants of the boroughh Tamworth, praying for an alteration in thesettlementd relief of the poor, aud for an extension in the arax bf chargeabilityfrom parishes to unions; by Ir.H.BERKELEY from the Bristol Chamber of Commerce, praying the Ho to authorize Her Majesty's ministe s-to obtain the abolition of the Danish Sound and-land transit aines; by Dr. MxcasEas from 7S inhabitants of Wadsley, in 1the county of Yorkand from Major-General Lane, C.B., an' 227 other residents of the Island of Jersey, -for -the repeal of the Vaccination Act, 1853 ; by Mr. G. Bur,-from thenmedicai officers of the St. Faith's and Poole Unions, for redress of grievances; by Mr. Gry7p Ni, from medical officers ofSt. Margaret's and St. John's, Westminster, aginst grevances under which they labour; by Mr. TRORINZLY, from Cookstown, Tyrone, Ireland, in favour of a system of decimal coins, -weights, and measures; by Mr. JAces M'GrEGor, from the parslhioners of Erith, against the proposed outfall into the Thames of the metropolitan drainageinto theErith Mrshes; by Mr. ScssoIErniLD, from the; Iome and Feoreigrt Affairs Association, Birmingham, praying forthe annubnentof the decla-ation on marlinire law vmthe recent Treaty of ~Peace- by Mr OrWA.Y, from Lntehmee Baee, Raneo of Jhansr, in tBnnde1cund, in theNSorth-Weetrrn Proa-inces of Iudia,ocomplair ing of hainag been unjustly deprived of her rights bv the Co. vermnent of India; and also fromn the adnas Native A5sseciation, cor-plaining of the inhliction of torture in India, and pray,ing that police atnd ma^gisterial functions, of 'what kind soever, mayboe at once and entirely separated from the department of revenue, as they existed prior to t-he passing of MEadras Regulation XL, of the year 1816. TEE AMNESTY. | Mr. T. DNCOMB;E rose to ask the right hon. baronet I the Home Secretary -whether, under the recent Act of Amnesty, granted by Her Majesty to all political exiles, orders had been given for the liberation of the following risoners convicted of high treason at the York Assizes of bepteimber, 1820. and-ttansported to Van Diemen's Land by the ship Lady Ridley in 1S21 :-WllLlism Comstive, W,1ham Rice, Richard Addy, Joseph Prith, Charles Stansfi-ld, John Birkenshaw, Benjamin Rogers, Joseph Chapel, Baniam^. Hanson, and Michael Downing ? These men were tried at York in the year 1820 on a charge of high treason, arising or,t of the proceedings of a seditious meeting held on the Grange Moor, and on the second day of the trial they, together with 1S others, pleaded " Guilty," on condition that their lives sbould be spared. These 10 persons were transported for life, while the others were sentenced to transuortation or imprisonment for various shorter periods. 'He had recently made inquiries at the Homeoffice, but had foumd that there was there no record of the conviction, and no trace of the whereabouts of these men. His object in asking this question was to make it known in the most distant regions of our colonial empire that these men had, in common with other political offenders, received Her Majetys pardon; and he hoped tlhat the geatlemen who sat in rhe gallery behind the Speaker's chair would aid him in his eudeavours to Obtain that object. (Cries of "Order, order."And a laugh.) Sir G. GREY said that it was not remarkable that no record of the conviction of these men was to be founad in t-he Home-ofce, because It occurred seone 36 years ago, and theseten persons were inA the following year transported either to V an Themen's Land or Ne.^ South Wales-he believed to the latter colony. From other sources ofinforma-tion he had ascertained that the offence of which they were convicted was s inilarin characterto those for which pardons had recently been granted. It was right that if any of these persons were living they should be included in the amnesty, and instructions had been sent to the colonies that they should be set at liberty. (Rear, hear.) BILLETING IN SCOTLANTD. Sir A. AGNEW asked the hon. gentleman the UnderSecretary for War whether Eler Majesty's Government weredisposed to relieve private families, as much as pos,ible, from the inconvenience of the present svstem of billeting in Scotland, by making other arrangements for the accommodation Of recruitinig parties and of the permanent stafis of militia? llr. PEEL said that the Government would consider whether it might not be possible to devise some means of accommodating the present staff of the militia without bileting them on the private inhabitants. PAROCHIAL SCHOOLS (SCOTLAND) B1LT,I The LORD-ADVOCATE brought up the following reasons for disagreeing from the Lords' amendments to the above-named bill, which were read and agreed to "Because the law at present in force in Scotland, by which no person can be admitted nas a schoolmaster ian any parochial school who does not sign the Confeesion or Faith, and is not an adherent of the established church, while it is unnece,ssary and ineffectual as a security for the religious character of the schoolmaster, is unsuited to the existingstate of the community in Scotland; operates as an excsion of persons it WaS intended to pr-o tect; unreasonably limnits the choice of those in whom theelection of schoolmasters IS vested; and reduces wshat vas intended to he a national syStem of education to the position of an inebitution purely denominationaL." TE1E CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. Mr. H. BERKELEY inquired whether any tenders for the con-aysnee of mail-s between England and the Cape cf Good Hope, and also for extending the same to the MAuuntls, Id,< ; an d homewards, bxd been received;-whe heicision being arrived. at, whetler the' Chancellor of the Exchequer would have any objection to lay on the table CoDieS of those tenders 9 Mr. WILSON replied that several tenders for the -conveyance of themails in onestion had been received and were under the considerition of the Government, who would probably decide upon thera in the course of tomorrow. When the onuestion was determined thore would he no objection to lay npon the table copies of the tenders. CHURCH ESTATE COMMISSIONERS. Mr. INGHAMI inquired of the right hon. member for the University of,Camblidge whether it was tlhe intention of the Ch-uch Estate Commissioners to act on the recommendations of the Committee on Ecclesiastical Comumisions as to the consideration to be shown to the 3essees of church lands for their beneficial interest in settling terms of enfrancise- Mr. WALPOLE replied that it was intended to act bon§i .f,: upon three recommendations, and, indeed, the Church Estate Commissioners had clready begun to do so. ANNUAL F A1NCE ACCOUNbTS. Dr. Mm=CHEI inquired why.the annucl finance aeconts, which were upon thectable onthe 10th of.June, had not as yet been delivered, and whether they had been printed? fr. WILSONt att,riburted the, delay t the difficulty of getting in the land revenue accounts of cotland, _nd' intinmated that arrangements for preprgthse accounts hence- forward at an erly period of the;year wer n contempla-- tion. ,-. . OUCR RELATIONTS WITH -THE UNITED STATES. IMr. .GIBSON.-I gave notie yesterday 'o . my inteuItion to ask t he- 'noble lord ittbe heid of the Government `a quesion with- reference to the atAte of or-- diImatic-'ela, 'tions with the Unied States of America. Tbe nole lord informed thisHouseiom6Tivebors'ii weelsgotht tthepo I of British .lainigterinthe 6United States badlecome iwe t, and he e&ihe lrow§a *ith tory of the circim oeawath ,had causedh M r Cranion totake his departurl -from America. eHe, a the same tme, assured 8usthathes ccble relations betweim tis co'ntry and,the United-Stateshafnot he6ri distorbed, and that the diplomitic interco ebetween the two Governments woud .be cotinuOed. 'Xhisb tJseshtfthecie,Ibeg h I ikeir -mrenee o i lhepestasenaa kanmoya'to ni~ eiuettaon raiate, Her Majest'sOvenaaet G i; +ejtk so 1.03ikVII ,Oth@..drrafs. 1.o .SE-ti_aoMon. =A R, 'wod ad -; s.mXW. HK . BThLne, -w - ~Mr.XEY WOOD rom'To _port 11bdestiag (lsm'qj lirayang'that-Hse r.ajad~' weeil. b.piou dyea S iii,. sno - ir-ouas teber niht seen mtse fori WIe.. ,loizt=nu Useta oyd owurisdeii ton bIsnrting izf le660. Rmviugl toha petoltreLaaeigex-n : tbirAiiai,'jo .ieearoed,aerot a.e4any,totsiera gm ai e eaboe it .ihiBflea a ha&ealraj ned aa&tod reciv w. 4itase iahcUpeaai mst be wilingto .off*eti - . lpient. csti--eor of -ddicaation at veh :words an.a 3hrasest I ia itLhea "uif d thefr - mann o nheoet in the .tims¶ad'torepot menda or .b Asieh the.Rest or ationd. Thihon.t r - bgener li:isl itwaainAgut fac nentiondinDiseii'x seasit; insof L;rcidevissre thae c n Teis cndtr wheawBibne was iiot snuc in uaeliefor.Ihrsstcration if snionarc}iy in 1.660. J?vioua ltotha t pwiio ditire-aiaei-ibe -the ,ioo 1be .1ared ald. a wvey considerable tiime'eapssdbeforeit asd into the ads ofte great liodyt otte pepe. AlSter this Hestoration it 'wa ieprnoted. and obtaxda neratl crclatie on. ) &bOlit;'-thye176w there 'wa at' ;ttzfod'a^ebalnTh2Blaey, i^man o haring,. =wOa oo grea pains to revise the current version, and 'what :asnot a. li'ttle remarkale wa tlnaie revie edition-had.& bei 'th 1.tandard auttborit eyer slice, io tat from 1769" down to iS56 tberopeeeive*liscoeriesof crolss, eoiumentatoir, -;dzerities, which were feund cf£ sucih aericein.intexsetr -other books4,u hbleea disregpided y tbe Universit.. 4xford in the ae of-the Bible. Mr. Parker, the bookeller Of Oxlford, -who' Was zone 46f thes witnesseg.-eiLalkir 1xfore 'the eoinuittee- h*ad sttted itat- that eis ad Io' I Agiiven peremaptorr orderg 'that ithe edition. of vDr. BIaney wass-*e~ only xedici to be followed, rInd it had been lowed'accrdingi to the.-present diy. :He (Mr. Heywood) thought that such a pooeeding i; a, :a&glect of duty.on the pat o£f those high authorities, andbe really did nitbelieve.tat twe posseiseda translation i ttat accurate form which was quite attainable and beyond quha. teOl deirable. Thiiuasia natterwhich came -within the *province of the (2rown. In the reign of Henry. vmL it rmw taken up b' eeveral very eminen'*men, and Lord Cromwell, Who was Sec-etarY of' State and the Ring's Vicegerent in sacred mater recomm6nded to the King 'to' give his sanctio- to a new trans4ation of the SCrptErs. Abedy of learned nenwas appointed forthe purpose They were asgisted by Archbishop Cranmer and other eminent persons, and the version of the Bible published under their - rection soon became 'o lar throughout the country. Then came the reign of Quee= Mary, during thich there 'Was a bitter persecutiOn of Pr stins, many of whom Ul to fiy for refuge to Geneva and. other place. At Geneva a fresh translation, or, to spesik more oor rectly, a revision of the fonner transdation, vas nd-er1aken and completed, and upon the revival of Protest. mtiesm, when-liabeth came to thethrone, that revised version was brought over to England. That edition hadi ioliowed Beza, as also had a1l subsequent editions, aid it. usis worthy of remark that when an erroneous traniationi 'was detected-it generally turnedl out that Beza was in fUlt. (Hear.) Beza was a decided Calvinist, and didnot scrnple to, turn a text so as to suit his own purposes. However, he was esteemeas great authority and hisinfiluence was paramoLnt. At the beginning of the reign of James L an application. sras made to the Crown to have the Bible again revised, and a commission was appointed for that purpose, in whieb the 'aritan eetnent was unrepresented. A reference to ihepreace of any family Bible would show that this body did not. attempt to make a new translation, but merely to revise' the old one-their object being to carry as much public feding as possible along with them in the execution of their' t. A sar spuit ought to actuate any conmmisioners selectelat the present day to revisethe existing tianldation. Unnecessary changes,which could only give offence to many persons, oughti to be strictly avoided; but there were various -passages at present -ucorrectly rendered that demaudedi alteration. There were nortions of the Scri tures which it ' painful to many clefgiymen of the church of England to' lavetoveadto their congregations in the nrecise w;ords of' the authorized version; nut, however faulty and repugnant to scholarship 'they might be, those clezgymen had no' alternative but- to. give them us they stood. This matter' 'as felt to he 'so pressig among the learned, that. ]rofessor Selwyn, of Cambridge, hd fgiven notice of a. mnotion for directing the attention of the clergy in convocation speciadly to it. Even so slight an alteration as that of the punctuation -would zender many passages cleaer. A recent articlein the E dinebusp, B1?cric2s aLso pointed outthe, a dvantages of a division of the chapters of the Bible into, paragraphs instead of verses. As an Mlustration of the errors of the present translation he might mention the text of the celebrated sermonon "Raelision in Common Thin's," Prelched befome the Queen by the'e Rev. Mr. (aird. FAe, text chosen on that occasion was, " Be not slothful in bosiness," and it was remarkable that the word "basiness" dil rnot appear in the original 4xeck. The correct word -was " zeal ," and the pasage rA, " Be nlOt backvward in zeaL" E;o tEhat there ws really nO conuexion betwveen the subject. c-f tihs excellent diMscourse and the tree interpr tation of the: telxtonwhichit wassensiblybased. Oher examples of careless translationnight easily be cited In the Acts of 'he Apostles, for instanoe, the phrase "Those matters which axe written in the la ndtheproihets"v wasput. into the mouth of St. Paul in lieu of the exict words,whicha were "1 Those matters which are according to the law, and which are written in the prophets.' The correct readi showed -hat St. Paul, who was a believer in tradition, hela tradition in coniexion 'withthe law, but tooki the prophets literally. The passage in the first chapter of the first. epistle of St. John relating to the three heaveialy witnesses, en which an important doctrinal point turned, was not in. the original Greek, but had been interpolated by some interpreter. This text was, however, often used in argument by the unlerned, and sometumes also by the learned btUt disingenuous. On one occasion it was auoted by a theological disputant, when his opponent ask-ee him, "Did you not. mnow the verse is m'Go in the original Greek?" His reply ras rather singular; it was, "I did know it, but I ras not. aware that you did." (A laugh.) Tho people of the Uniteik "tates were so impressed with the importance of having the correct sense of the sacrediwrters made public that they hLad formed a society to revise the existing translation of the Bible. This body,whaichwas supplied with funids from volantary subscriptions, had gone through a considerable portiorL of the Old and New Testaments, the newversion being ;printed by them on the same page with the old translation, lD enLble the reader to judge between the two. It might be asked, why not form a voluntary society to carrv outf the sume object in this country, and thus avoid the necessity of applyig to Parliament on the subject? Hisanswer'was tati the work could be most efficiently done' aider the snpreme authority of the Crown, the labours of the comnmissioners appointed by whom, if imoertiLi and competent for' tiieirtask, as no doubtthey won!d be, would command the largest amount of public confidence. Opcosition to such an naderinking nmight be apprehended fran. the Bible iSociety; but that body would have timelynotsice of the intended change, and could easily diepose of all its copies in the oldverimon before the new one was ready for p blication. Eminent divines belonging to all the leading de zoiuinations of Christians were convinced of the necessity of the alteration now proposed, and it was to be hoped that dung theappioaching recoEs hon. members would csls wish the clergy and ministers of their respective neigliboarhoods on. thiis important rubject. Thu more public attention wvas called to the subject the more every reflecting mind mustfeel the urgencv , the revision he suggested. He could notreasonably expett that immediate seps iould be taken for' giving effect -to his views, but he bellaved that in no' more fitting aseembly than that of thhe representatives. of the people, coming from all parts of the Idndom, could so grave and serious a question be launcheL for full and fair discnssion. Trusting, therefore, that the ollect which he contemplated would gradually make itsway in public -favour, and be ultimuately accomplished to the satisfaction of the couEntry, he begged now to move them iesolution of -which he had given notice Sir G. PlECHELLi Eeconded the motion. Sir G. GREY,aid, the hon, gentleman had itimated that he did not inaend to take the sense of the House upoa. the rmotion, and he (Sir G. Grey) conceived that the House would do wrong to move in a matter of so much importance uIsess it was well, supported by public opinion. Mear.) For his own part, lie believed that the object of the anldress. [was not at all in- acceordance with the existing state of' public opinion (hevar, hear), and that 'te appointment of - eusu ha commission as thes;o .genle]man proposed would. czeae, geeraIl apprehension and alazmn and-wo3ld have 3- 'terden.y4 m5nttle the aithof t great body of the people, and to leseen their respect'ancd revetence for the aith6rizedL version of the 'Scripures. 'There were, no doubt6, ctaiia errors in the tranilatiqn of that version; it might contaim sonie words the meaning of 'which had -altered since the: data w'hen the -translition was r,niad; some Elight inaccuracies might be found iti it; bnt, speaking of it as a whole, le believed he expre.sed the general opinion of the Cl ristiau community ef this country when he said that, oving to the accuracy and'fidelity of the trnslaticn, and tothe pirity, beauty, and simplicity of itle lngusgo employed, it wasL 31usCly elltitled to-nthe ie-pect nmdi r*_everece lvih iv h it, had. been regarded. (Hear.) His honr friiend had saidthata itviasveryhcrd'uDon clergym(!nthaitheyshouldbeobligedto read from the autroizedvaersion of the Scriptures, in the serices of the hrurcb, certain' p2ssages which they believcd not to be literal tranlations of the original, and not fully to' convey its meaming. He (Sir G. Grey) thought, however, that there werer few passages 'the reading of which *ould. oppress the consciences of clergymen, ana they certainly hba ti, less teason to complain becarse it v;as their duty na- onlytorcadabutto explain the Scriptures. (Hear, hear.) * If, therefore, they 'conceivea that there were any 'errors in the translation theywere at liberty to point oun what was the tremeannug lof the text. lIf tlhe motion -had been. pressd he (Sir (. Grey) would have dealt with- the subject more in detail,' but as the hon:l-ent3emxan did not intend to' take thesense ofthe Hous he (Sir- G. Grey) 'would only sap' that he-thonght it'w ld be rnost if iexPedierIt to 'entertam the question, onto do:sore:thanto alow the learned rcen to whons the hon. ineber had referred to:continute .thee praetioe'the* 'had' h'itbet'to' pued -ifa 'pubishing; critical ot5 utpontheOldande Tettsm - (Heu , hea. ri Thbe miotion was then byg leave w'ithdrawn~. - MEMBEERS SPEECHES I Mri. iVILKqSON2e t o*: WV* -thwk, except-'pon tre introduict-ion of's "neaa-to :th9 outise, iz-]ebier da. sneak for mxore itha hlf aninour si cstimte upoin th ssi e tieti,'n* or 'zposaay ee--bn for moent i3ha~ sne hc'r- ' Idgt zzlithe olgeld tha tin 'd to f iris ':io o. lim:it the 'pinvilce c asbf-o~as a:ltiroilh wa^ a. yoluug meber of tht[o_'.1n hein dliadeonsaerlns c pemsiesc 9tIipwda -o: pd i,il bedies, iandt bi bt,
1P'ARL ENTA.RY fOTIOWES HOUSE OF COMMONS.7 WtNERT9AVY .TJMv 92 - _ - osD2RS or DATHE Ay. "runuJurlse go0. trclanoU Iiill,--eond reading. Ptcor lawr (Ireland) Biii,-AdjourneAd debate on second reading. Evidence^ in Foreign 8Suits Bill. :m2nnitt^e. Stoke Poges Eospitarl Bill.-Cminttee. BiE2holY ofL1cndon and DuramBRtineuen B3,A dionrndsdbA on secondreacling. fetropolis Local Management Ac;A,nendment (No. 2) Bi -Omnaideratlon of Lords' smendmedtm. Oxford College Fstates BilJ,- Consileration of Lords' amnendmentt. leoTIsM or 0MonoNos. Lord R. Cecil,-To ask the Presidenit of the Boad of Works whetlher bo hasanyobjectiontoyplacea complint-book ineach of the division lobbies ,n which-memnbersmay enter any complaints they ^ay hav,to make with reference to the ventilation of the house. Mr. Grogan,-To tak vhether any minute has been made by the Governor-General of Indi! reoogntzing delegatesfrom the see ct Rtota. mnder the style and title of VicarsApoatolbc, as the official channels of communication with the Government in m3atters oonnected with ^he Boman Catholic Chbrch. and admrtting theproprietyofaddrTn*ig the aforesaid Vicars Apostolc in official communications according to the eoclesiestial ran and osition testowed upon them by the Pqga. lS^hether the RAoman Catholic Bishops ateach sast of government are to hos alowen a certain salary to enable them to send returas, and to correspond with the Government. Whether a Roman Catholic priest, with a lixed eslaiy. is to be alowed at every £Station vwhere there may be British horn Poman Catholics. although there be no European reglmentstationedthers. Whether the Roman Catholic priests are to ho allow.-ed to rece medical attendance and medices gratuni tonsly In certain cases& Whether gratts are to be g,iven in3 aid of building RAoman Catholic chalpels. MAnd wvhether, although the Government orphoanageS are open to Roa Cathohic children as to all others, a seen equal to the cost of maiuntaining each chUd21 to be paid to Roman Cathollo orphanages into which ruch child shal be received. M1r. Rich,-Rcturn of the establishmcents of the public departmeita in 1832 and 1e52, showing th alterations which have takenplwe, whether by abolition or cretion of departments orbyreduction or increase of the salaries and numbeh o1 officers in cach department. MAr. Wilson,-Detailed aocoDnte of the receipt and expenditure for navy, army, commissariAt, and ordnance sarvices for the year to the 31st of March, I85. M1r. Newdegate,-Acconnt of the notes, securittes, bullion. t^c, of the Banl of Entland. aspublished weekly in the Gazette, according to the act of the 7ta and Stb of Victoria, chap. 32; Returns of the quawterly averages o: the weekly liabilities and assets of the Bank- of England; of the monthly average aggregate amount of promissory notes payable to bearer on demand in circu!ationin the united lingdom, disunguishing those circulated by the banks of England and Ireland, and by private and joint-stock banks in Engln f3cotland, and Ireland, together with the bulion in the Bak of England: of the mintimsm rate of internst at the Banl, of Bagland on the lst of each month in the years 1851I 13,.85, 185, and the firt tdx montths of 1856; of the general vreekly average prices of wheat, barlev, oats, rye, beans, snd peas Per quarter; and, of the quantities of wfieat and wheat ilour and of all other kinds of grain sd mea imported into Great Britain during each month of 183, 15, 1855, and the furst six months of I85. Colonel French,-On motion for s=cond -eading of Grand Juriez, &c. (Ireland) Bill, to move that it be read a second time this daythoee mouthis.
DR. BAE LAW THE ARCTIC EXPEDITIOZYS. . - TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIhES. Sir,-In 2'Ae Time? report of Lord Wrottesley's speech in the House of Lords on Friday last, on the sabject of Arctic Exneditions, his Lordsbip remarks, that at one time I vas within 50 miles of the place where, by Esqui.. naus report, abont 40 white mon had peristhed, but that, unfortunately, although amply provided wYith means, I did not consider it neceruary to visit the spot. I beg to say that when I was wit,hin 50 miles of the place alluded toI was not awvarethst it was the locality whereothe dead bodies of our unfortunate countrym en had been found by the Esquimaux, and it was not until after my rzturn to Repulse Bay, in the end of My, tha, I received information on this point, I ought, perhaps, to have been more explicit in my report on this subject, but I could not imagine that any one would believe me to be so utterly indifferent to the fate of Sir J. Franklin and his party (to search fIr whom I had been four seasons employed by Her Majesty's Government), or so perfectlycareless of my own fame or inaterest, as to leave a question of so much importance undecided, if a walk of 50 or 100 miles could har e set it at rest. There is nothing new in this accusation being brought against me, but hitherto it has appeared in such a form that it would be stooping; too low for a person even in may position publicly to notlie it. By giving thisnot) a Place in ie Times you will much oblige Your obedient servant ___ J. BAB. london, July 21L
. THE BISHOP OF LONjWDaS INCOafz. TO TEHE RDITOI OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Your correspondent " P. C." alludes in hiis letter which appeared in your paper yesterday to a statement made by the Lord Chanc e]or in the House of Lordon that hslaf the proposed pxnsion of -the :Bishop of London, would be requiredto keep up his insurances. It is right your realders should now that iu Cha.ceUor aifterwards correcefAd this statanient, sain that h amount annually psid by the ]3islop for he inuaneo his life is not 3,OOO:4 but somewhs.t under 1000?. The correctlon -was not --rejp6rted, in the papecs, butt I heard the Chancello make it, and Ihappen to know that. thne latter statement is the true one). co ayvetroe irtncome o f ithe Biahfal the ChI nesUor ataed cause Lord Shaftesbluy spoke of it o1iThurdyeveniXaj 22,00?. b hech i3s0 50tle4 moaxiinum,inlcome. In some yecs~ it - Y~~~our faithful serant. C. D. a ULY GG.
rLONDO.t, WEDgZSDA Y, -TrY 2s, 1856. In the Rouse of Lords last night Lrd LucA-N returned to :he charges wrhich he had made against -tho JrDGDocATE-Gznsmu, and, having stMtel them at lengtn, advised that fimnc tionary to be more cautious inhis language. Lord P roNuLx retorted on Lord Luec" the !advice that iioable Lord had- given vo the Jvxb ADvocAvs-GminnAn. -XWithout wishiing !toQ enter into X'cVroverty c irriea o-r betwreeonimobrs~of either House of Parliament, lhe declared that the nodb1eloora muxt not be'mrsadfa ofcroti ORDW.N ihouild 7vidicste itl@lI wli aDttaed.S matePheiidictpe8?. ' 4 Sv':'1 The Cotisolidzted lund Apprpiisi i Fm---_ ; 7aodi[owzkGLa seized 4he oppor-unity to cal; the! gttetioi :of thenI:ouu to .ori corxnected with the finaice of the contry.. The Coatguard Bill also Cpm;- , t -ord -a> LEsoXoU saiid he wasgldo he,i that-the Government had other msen-in r- Xation 'for this bill taken by itself would'notAk!cuze :that improvement in the servi rhich. ws,; essential. lleveral other bil; were forwarded A stge, l- . their Lordaships aourned. . ]n thel House of Comnons, at {ie morn'uing , on the order for the third reading of the Oount' Courts ActsAraendment Bill, Mr. GxDSToNE said he retained a stronopiiong aslto the precipitaucy' of this 'measiire,' an,he in- qumred-whether during the reoess the Government - were dispoedtomake any'inquiry into the judicial estblishment in Westminster1all,-wrhetherit- was not more than adequate to the purposes reuired of ' it.pupsseur Sir G. GnEr declined to give any opiion as to + whether it was practicable to reduce the jaumber of Judclges in Westminster-h'all; but he believed it wasw a D:isake to ssuppose that t'here hd been any dimi- nution ofbusiiness in the saperior courts since the; establishmnent of the Countyz Courts. The bill vrasthen read a third time. Some new clauses were proposed, but most of themw 'ere withdrawn or negatived. A discussion arose upon an amendment made in the clause giving compensation to retiring clerlks, whiah had been raised from one-fourth to one-third of their alaries, without notice, and upon this ground the amendment was cancelled. Tae bill then passed. On thebrder for the third reading of the VicePrefident of the Committee of Couhdll on Education Bill, ir. Hxxr.Ex objected to the introduction of another paid officer into the, House, and moved to' defer the third reading for three months. 3Mr. GLADSTON- supported this objection, and observed that they were going to give a bad constitution to the educational department. He thought theyz ought to now what duties this officer would have to discharge when not attending in Parliament. There was no standing business to justify the appolutmlent of such an official. In his opinion, it -would have been much better to appoint a joint secretary. Sir G. GREY defended the measure. The Goveriament, he said, were pressed -to place the adniinistration of the educational funds 'under the superintendence of one Minister, and to have the department of education represented in that House; this measure was therefore intended to meet -what' was understood to be the general vish of the House. After a discussion, in which MIr. NAFiEn, Mr. H. VExi,ox, Mr. HADFIUED, Mr. EInWOOD and Sir . GBn.4Ai took part, the House divided, when the third reading was carried by 77 against 35. The bil then, with some amendments, passed. The second reading of the Proctors in Ecclesiastical. Courts Bill, moved by Mr. IaDnriELD, was negatived. Tn the evenin", vMtr. M. Gissow inguired whether HsE MArxsrs's advisers contemplated the early appointment of a Minister from England to the United States. Lord PALAmnsto- replied that they had come to no dlecision upon the subject. Mr. EHyWOOD moved an address to the CnowVx for the appointment of a Royal Commission, consisting of learned men well skiUled in the original languages of the Holy Scriptures, and conversant with modern Biblical scholarship, to consider of sueh amendments of the authorized version of the BibIe as have been already proposed, and to receive suggestions from all persons who may be willing to offer them, and to report the amendments they may recommend. He assigned various reasons, including the :lauctuationsoftheverna:ulartongne,forbeliev-ng that the authorized versionx of the Bible did not reprsent the original text in an accurate form. Ee cited pFage in which, -he contended, the sensehad been ncorrectly rendered. Sir G. GPxv opposed the motion, thinldkn, as h£r. HEYwOOD had admittedl, that the' House would do wrong to movein the matter without be;ng urged by public opinion, and he be.lieved that, so far fr om there beingr a desire for such an inquiry, it wouald creat;e great alarm. The authorized version of the Scriptures was, in his opinion, justly entitled to respect and reverence. Mr. HELYwooD witbdrew his motion. Mr. WI zxsox moved a resolution, " That, except upon the introduction of a measure to the House, no member do speak for more than half an hour at one time upon the same question, nor upon any occasion for more than one hour." He pressed the House to consider the amount of time wasted intedious speeches, and stated that there were 273 members who never spoke at all, and 209 who never exceeded half an hour; so that the monopoly of spealkng was confined to a very few members. Lc.rd PAxmsasrox said, in the abstract, the object which MIr. Wnnrsos had in view, that of shortening the debates in the House acnd increasing the amount of real business done, must meet the assentt of every member; but lie clid not think the particular method proposed, which would abridge the liberty of speech, and might be attended with greait practical mconvenience, was one he could recommend the House to adopt. He believed that, generally, members were not chargeable with abuse of speaking, and that there had I been much improvement in this respect of late years, there being a sort of control exerted by members who heard over those who spoke. There were subjects, however, upon which members should be allowed to go fully into the matter, and any restriction of this kind would very materially impede the enlightenment of the House upon those subjects. He agreed withiMr. WnKsoN tlhat a great deal of time was wasted, but he had not, he thought, hit the right nail upon the head. If there was anything that unnecessarily prolonged debates, it was not the length of speeches, but the number of speakers. He thought it was an abuse or evasion of the orders of the House to raise debates on F3idays upon the motion for diourrment. After some remarks by Mr. I. M_mns, MIr. W BIrGs, and Mr. Fox, who thought the evil might be mitigated if the leaders on both sides of the Home changed their habit of speaking at the end of the debate, the House divided, when the motion was negatived by 57 to 30. . Sir J. FnGruAmD rose to subnit the claims of certa:in of .H 3MfA.lsr sEubjects on the 'Spanish GovernTment for an honourable saettlement of the Spanish Committee Certificate of Coupon not Funded; and he moved- a resolution affirming the ustios of those clams. Lord PATrs:xsro=. concurred with Sir J. FtTzz GERua>0 in opinion that the course pursued Xi . Spanish Cortes and Government in regard totfeise claims was one quite at variance with the principiles of justice and good faith. In point of principle there could be no question in the mind of any honourable man; the oqly question was one of ex-pediency,-as to what course the British Government could tare that would be most likely tb obtain justice. The loan having been a,dvanei at the discreton and on the respoiiibmty tf private persons, the British Govemrment being Gno party, its offices were limited to friendly representations, which were accordingly made, but with. out succes Under these circumstances -he thought Sir JoHn would exercise a sound 1iscretion in not presing his .motion to a division. HeR thought Spainwould best coniult her natcional honour by making good her engagements with +.hose who-bad assisted her in the hour of need. The motion was withdrawn. Mr. ROrBucx moved a miolution, "That, the UNDEf-SaETsARY -for WAR having admitted that Upon anonymous infornation,; a iecret inquiry lad been ordeed into the ceonduct of a. General officer, ths House feels itself bound to expres--its repro-bation of such a proceeding." He referred-io a. auswer given recently by']r. F. P1aim-to a queation put by Colonel Du2,zJ espctingC Gener-al3 ss r, --uponi whose servicz an a inesnt MR.ofeucic valarged anad ap- sled Ao the 1[oume as a body-rol English gentlernento protect agallantodier,-as. inLg Fwhether the Wse-ouficegwtsheo3ut nlade 'i Lion's Mouth tti reeive-non'wisous cli^0 tBrisLs,fficers7 - - ; Mr. F. PEE said he thought he must bae .been:
It is very hard to cal upon an innocent and disinterested person to endorse an equivocal act. The originator of the affair may be supposed to have counted the cost, and to have surrendered a few grains of conscientious scruple for a hundredweight of solid advantage or palpable convenience. That is his own affair, and he knows best whether he ihas made a good bargain. But it is mere gratuitous cruelty to come to some weak, *mresisting acquaintance, and ask him to sanction what he has never considered, what the first blush leads him to suspect, and what he lias really no interest in, except to keep his conscience stil sweet and clear. Now, are we to believe that the House of Coommons is really in the position of the simple friend, the easy good fellow, the verdant acquaintance, ready to put his signature to any document, and warrant any proceeding, however ambiguous? It is not the light in which we have hitherto regarded this body. Yet it is to be called on today to back up the House of Lords in a transaction admitted on all sides to have a most questionable character. At first we were told -there had been no negotiation with the retiring Bishops of LoznDox and DuxnAr the bill carefully suppressed all idea of negotiation; and when the correspondence was maoved for it was carefully kept out of the way tiU the bill had passed through committee and the proper time for considering the preamble had gone by. But, when the correspondence appeared at last, not only was the fact of a negotiation evident, not only did it now appear that these two unhappy prelates had actually offered to resign their sees on the condition, and only on the condition, of certain retiring pensions, but it was clear from what did appear that there was more that did not appear, and that there had been nobody knows how much negotiation. So this defence fell to the ground. Then it was alleged, with right legal subtlety, that though the two Bishops had proposed to do a thing contrary to the law, yet, as they had annexed the salvo "if it was not contrary," tleir consciences were clear. WYe don't think such a defence would hold in any case of improper overtures. Were a married gentleman to write a note to a married lady proposing to take steps to a union, if the law allowed it, the gentleman would hardly escape the charge of intentional adultery-at least, in the minds of decent people. Of course, the lawyers maintained that an act of Parliament would whitewash the whole affair, but the Bishop of Ox:oxD very rightly put the case of the bill not passing, but the episcopal overtures etanding on record against them. Yet it is obvious that the criminality of the transaction is not in the least affected by a subsequent indemnity, though, as it happens, the bill contains no such indemnity. Lord CAVFBETr, however, goes so far as to say that any proposition is lawful, if only there be annexed to it the sanctifyingformzua, "providing the assent of the Legislature can be " obtained." To pams over other palliatives, at the last moment, just before the division upon the third reading of the bill, the LoRD CH"c=on adroitly throws in a hint for the special benefit of the Com- mons below, that, after all, as he is at present advised,I the terrible act of Eiz.&Bxr=, 31, cap. 6, does not apply to Bishops, and is aimed at smaLer fry, lesser dignit3ries, and the parochial clergy. * But what a defence to make for two pillars of ,ustice and truth-lights of Apostolic doctrine and purity-fathers of the land ! This last touch alone was wanting to place the transaction in its proper light, and to throw aproper light, we are bound to add, on the existing bharacter of episcopacy. yell, it is very true that the LonD CHA?Cm=On bears witness to an ancient belief that Ghurch laws 'were not made for great Churchmen. -" The nearer the church the further "' from GOD." L YoOU wished to see the worst of IRome you must go to Rome, and more than half the Reforniers were made by the conduct of appeals at that court. The magnet points everywhere with rigid, uniformity, except at the pole itself, where it talters and vacillates. It is the comaon talk of the country clergy that there is never a job buit it is hatched in the Bizhop7, palace. While the small people are trimming their small waYs to their small tether, consulting acts of Parliament, Clergymeegs Assista-is, and Bun'es EcdcsiaZ Law, the bold big offender laughs at the hard letter of the law, and rejoices in the Christian liberty which reveals to-him its more- genial spirit. The laws of the Church, so far, at least, as coneers all matters akin to that before us, press heavily upon the scrapu. lolls conscience. The least approach to traffic, to pecuniaxy compensation, if only; to rectify the lbalance of an exchange, S almosti any arrangement I that domestic convenience maj' naturally suggest, retirement with any conditions, temporary resignation under any circnmstancem whatever, bring' all the parties concerned under the imputation. of simony,-the most dreadful crime a- clergyman can commit. It is caUed simony if a presentee in the most casual way acquiesces beforehand in any claim that his patron may happen to make. It is'called simony if in an exchange a difference of. 1001. a-year is balanced with money.- Many convenient arrangements cannot even be thought of, as they would bring the people concorned within point-blank range of this anathema. There are sensitive clergymen who have even, for conscience sake, resigned to their Bishops the next presentations, purchased for 'them by their kind relatives; and those presentations have been accepted. But it is very notorious that all these scruples are laughed at in the Bishops' palaces. There the mart is always open. The very notion -of simony, and the supposed analogy to the crime of SrsoN MaGc,s, is an absurd superstition. It might be asked why a superstition is retained, and even enforced by moral terrors anc pecuniary penalties, by those who despise it; but the question would argue small knowledge of human nature. Nine-tenths of the superstitions in the world are maintained by unbelievers. Indeed, a superstition is never dropped so long as there is found a sufficient number to accept it. Only-and it is the very thing that has happened in this instance-now and then we have a peep behind the scenes. A curtain lifts up, and the archpriests of the idol. are discovered maling a joke of his wooden majesty. Bishops, at least, don't believe in simony. Few sensible men ever thought they did. The Bishop of O.XPoRD very dutifuilly attempts to throw a veil over the frailties of the venerable prelates, and intimates that they had been given to expect a general measure, and that they only meant to resign their Bishoprics in the event of such a measure passing. No doubt, a measure of this sort has been intended, and is intended; but is postponed for the same reason that it has been postponed a hundred times. There are not many noble or other patrons of the Church who wish to see its duties and endowments distributed on the basis of common sense. One begins to make provision for cases of incapacity, and in breach of a system the very genius of which is to recognize no such thing as incapacity. One clergyman, one Bishop, is as good as another, and, once installed, knows no change or decay. Common sense dictates that the ministry of the Church should be conducted like that of every other institution or department; that the officers should be distributed according to their qualifications and merits; that when a man is no longer adequate to the duties of his office he should be superseded; that when the work is too much for, one it should be subdivided; that there should be a real and active superintendence, of a nature to compel all the clergy to do their duty; that the man who did his work well should be advanced to a higher charge, and so forth. There is nothing of this. It all now rests with the conscience of the clergyman, be he Bishop or curate, and there is not much even to teach and inform his conscience, if he be ever so desirous of knowing his duty. The mass of the clergy are groping in the dark, knowing well they ought to be doing more than they are now, but not knowing exactly what it is that is wanting. As for the Bishops, we are now told that a Bishop's work is over for the year in July, and the only reply Lord Sms.rrrsntm made to this statement was that his friend the Bishop of LosDow had stil a great deal of work to do at all times of the year, looking to the estates of his see. This ought not to be, as there is no evidence tnat the enemy of the human race takes a summer's tour and keeps abroad till Christmas BHp never sleeps. lWhat is wanted, then, is such a superintendence as there is in everybusiness or everydepartment of State,-everybody, high and low, kept to his work; the work and the staff freely adjusted to one another; and every other guarantee taken that the work be really done. It will be long before we see this. It is some other ideal that possesses high ecclesiastical circles. We see the vein crop out in this case. We shaU not describe it, but it is something very different from that primitive and almost rnstic scrupulosity that possesses all the clergy who have not courage to think for themselves.
The Indian debate of 3Ionday night seems to us to have been, upon the whole, the most satisfactory that we have had since the House, at the su-ggestiorn of Sir C. WOOD, returned to the practice of setting aside one night in the session for the consideration of the affairs of our Indian empire. So languid have been the debatwes, and so slight has been the interest hitherto felt in them, that the presence of even 30 or 40 members must be considered a very great advance, while the tone of the discussion was such as to convince every one that there exists in the House of Commons a sincere and ardent desire to acquit itself worthily of this mighty trust, and to do all that its means of knowledge place at its disposal towards developing the latent resources of the country, and drawing forth the latent energies of its inhabitants. The storm that recently lowered over the relations between the Board of Control and the East India Directors seems completely to have passed away, and to have left fair weather behind it. Sir J A2S HOGG has ceased to be vituperative and Mr. VERsON SsrTH to be recriminative, and the rival Powers of Leadenhall-street and Cannon-row are, for the present at least, restored to the best understanding. We have no wish to revive old disputes, and shall therefore gladly turn to the details of Indian administration as disclosed by 3Mr. VEaNsox S3ur, leaving the question of Indian government to that solution which it is sure to receive at another, and that no distant, day. The first thing that strikes us is the incurable confusion in which Indian accounts are involved. Either the principle upon which those accounts are made out is extremely defective or lhe details are misstated to a degree which makes them absolutely useless as means of information with regard to the financial position of the Government. The case stated by Sir E. PERRnY-and, as far as we know, quite ananswered-proves this to demonstration. The expenditure on public works is stated by Lord DI)AuarE at 2,500,0001. for 1853-4, and by the Board of Control at considerably under 1,000,0001. Of this discrepancy no solution whatever is offered. But this is not all: the Government of India is thoroughly conscious of its deficiencies in this respect, and has applied to the Engliahs Government to send them out a first-rate accountanf; to put their books into such order that they .may become -what they are not now-true records; of their financial transactions. Never was a miore reasonable request. But the Court of Directors felt that to send out an accountant would be a reflection on the book-keeping of the best of all po-sible serv:ees, and therefore referred the GoVm-i;on_G uER to the assistance he could obtain in India, as being, in spite of his own experience to the contrary, quite sufficientto reformn the public accounts of the empire. The. aOUntat was not sent, and theb 1ndiae $xecutive mcust go 3on wit:h accounts wrong one way or another on the single. item of :.ublic Worbs to the extent of 1,5OO,OOOI., because the court of. Diree-: tors cannot afford to admit the :truth that they have not in India' 'accountants capable of digesting. their receipts and .expenditure under proper heads, and balancing'their books at the end of the year.: .Another subject on which much dissatisfaction was justly felt is the treatment of the Law Ceonmission. The story is soon told :-Some 16 or 17 years ago a Commission, presided over by Mr. AIMAULAY, prepared a code of criminal law for India, one of the most grievous wants felt by its population having long been a clear, rational, and humane system. This work, which bears in every clause the impress of the genius of its accomplished framer, was executed -with a grasp of mind, a vigour, 'and a boldness which took away the breath of LIdian officials, well used to tame and diffuse mediocrity, but not to the treatment of a subject of the kind in such a manner and with such novelty and power. Markthe result; From that day to this the report of Mr. MAcAuLAY has been bandied backwvards and forwards between the Imperial and local Governments of India, and all that Mr. Vxuioir Sy= can now say on the matter is that there are some hopes at last of getting some of it passed into a law.. There were also reports of numerous law Commissions, formed at irmmense expense, which had met with a similar fate, while al this time the people of India are living under the worst possible law, and the Indian Government doing little or nothing to help them. In 1853, when the Charter was renewed, a new Commission was formed, at the head of which were placed the MASTER of the Ross, the C}TrF JusTicn of the.ComiIox PLxAs, and Sir EDWARD RYAts, and they entered on their duties, as we are assured, with the full understanding that what they decided was to be adopted, and was in no respect to meet with the fate of Mr. MALAuiv's crimiinal code. They, after two years' labour, produced a report, of which we gave some account at the time when it appeared, and of which we may certainly say that it deserved a better fate than it seems awaited it. No sooner, however, was this report complete-nay, while it was yet incomplete -than the jealousy of the Indian Government was excited, and they who had so long slept over the matter set to work with surprising energy to do for themselves the work that the Commission was doing for them. The result was, as might have been anticipated, a very inferior production to that of the able judges, lawyers, and civilians who formed the English Comnission. Violent objections were made by the Court to carrying the report of the Commission at once into efect, and, in deference to these representations, the report and code, bearing the signature of two English Judges and one Indiau Chief Justice, have been sent to Calcutta, that the Judges and civil servants of the Company mnay criticize its contents, and point out its inapplicability to India; or, as Mr. VERrioNx Sinv expresses it, may " sit in error" upon it. For this also there is no excuse to be given, except the strong feeling which exists among the civil service and the Judges in India, which renders it necessary to sacrifice to them the good faith of the Government and the respect due to the labours and position of the Commissioners. We have selected these two instances-that of the accountant and of the Commissionbecause they both serve to ilustrate the same fault in the present Indian Minister-a too great deference for what is most improperly caUed Indian public opinion. To Mr. YE=ow Su= we attribute the very best intentions; of the sincerity of his desire for the improvement of the natives there is no doubt; but he seems afraid to follow his own impulses, and far too ready to give up his own views at the bidding of Indian opinion and its representatives in this country. Now, Indian opinion in the proper sense of the wordthat is, opinion of the govemed classes in India -does niot exist at all, and the counterfeit which we mistake for it is only the opinion of the servants of the Company-the governing class themselves. Opinion in India is *against the reduction of salaries, because the classes who pay them have no means of expressing an opinion. Opinion in India is against competition for civil I appointments, because it is the opinion of those who hold them by patronage. Opinion in India is against sending out an accountant, because it is the opinion of the many bad accountants who are there already. Opinion in India is against the Law Commission, because it is regarded as an infraction of the privilege of the service to do everything for India tthemselves. All this is quite natural; but it is neither natural nor right that a M1inister on whose shoulders this heavy trust is laid should suffer himself to be governed by the opinions of those who are bound to submit to his decision, and who view every measure proposed for the benefit of India through the medium of class prejudices and personal ambition.
The Report of the Chelsea Court of Inquiry has been delivered to the House of Commons, and in a few days will be in the hands of all persons who may be at the pains of reading this document as a serious State paper. We warn the public beforehand to expect nothing from it. All the officers, even those most deeply incriminated, will be whitewashed as a matter of course. The Board wiU then have discharged its duty in a way to earn for its members the approval at least of their military superiors. We do not, of course, mean that these gentlemen have given any decision which did not seem to them perfectly justifiable under the circumstances of the case, but this only proves that they are men of the same calibre as the officers who suffered the Crimean army to melt away under their hands. What L-ucAN, CABxDiGAo, AiRVY, GOnRDON did, WOODFOBD, BERcOHA3iP, KNoLLYs, &c., approve. In the same position they would have acted in the same manner. Should this country be ever again engaged in hostilities we have at least the comfort of knowing the names of certain officers who cannot be inthusted with the command of our armies. Before turning to the Report itself, it will be well to call the attention of our readers to the flood of light which has been tnrown -upon it [by the disclosures of . the J-uDcn-ADvocAxE on I Monday night. Lord LUCAAN, with his usual discretion, had hit upon the notable plan of abusing theM sn-n orWAr., theJuDGE-AOvocATs, and the Chelsea Court, by way of bettering his case. Some special censure which he bestowed upoi. Mr. C. ViLasXns had the very natural effect of irritating that gentleman into reply. As to the fairness of the Report, Mr. C. Vm a told the House of Commons " that he had learnt that every one " of the General officers at Chelsea was of the " same political party as the Earl of LucAsn. And, "besides that, there was a gentleman who ated "as private Secretary to Sir ABx.Nn-Dnr. WooD"rOPD who was in the room the whole time when "the doors were closed, who, as he believed, was "a private friend, and, as he knew, was a strong Ipolitical partisan of the noble lord, so that he "had everything in his favour; and the noble "loi& judges, they who iried. him, and who cs judged and acquitted him, were all his own poli" tical partisans." It is no betrtyal of confidence to caRllattentiontothis remarkablepasageintheJDGnELvADvooA's speech, as it was delivered iu the open House. I`rom it there result two coiclusionsfrstj Lord Lucaw is acquitted a and secondly, Ie is acquitted.by.his own political friends and par. tisans. This, hovwever, is not al; for,-as we.read on, we find that the JIIB ADvocArxT informed the House of ComniJas that, in itus opinion, in Lora . LvcA's ca3e the inquiry was "incomplete" and the evidence "i isuflicient." We produce his vervwords, lest the partisans of -the prescnt military system should tax us withl exaggeration :-' I am bound "to say I believe that, however incomplete the "inquiry and isltnwffliet t evidenx reight have 'been in Lord 1Liucxi's case, yet the General "officers, looking to what-evidence they!had to "decide upon, have given a just verdict." We accept 31r. YaVUMss's testimony as to the fact-we demur to his conclusion. Lord LucAN, was the only one of the Crimean officers who has been so silly as to quarrel with his judges, and he has his reward. But, if the inquiry was "incomplete" and the evidence " insuffi" cient" in his case, what was it in that of Sir RicHAPuD AREu ? When the conduct of this officer was called in question Colonel TuLoon had been compelled by bodily infirmity to retire from the court. Sir RcIOHA1D ArEY had it all his own way; he stated his own case, called his o-n witnesses, cantered at his own pleasure over the course, and declared that; he had won the race. There was nobody to oppose him, which rendered his viceory less ?lorious, if more complete. Even so his statements consisted mainly of (leclarations that the Crimean Commissioners had exceeded their duty in reporting at all upon his shortcomings and of excuses for doing nothing. He has teen acquitted upon his own ex parte statements by a board of gentlemen who, by education, prejudice, feeling, and political predilections, are just so many repetitions of himself. The inquiry, as conducted, has been but a sorry commentary upon our existing rili-- tary system. We are absolutely without a court of appeal-without a shadow of remedy, when the treasure of the nation has been wasted and the blood of our bravest countrymen shed in vain through the incompetence of the officers in chief command.
COU.RT CIRCULAR. OSBORNE, JuLY2 2. The Queen and Prince, with the 1rince and Princess of Prussia, drove to Cariobrook Castle yesterday afteroon. Vice-Admirall Sir George Seymour, Commander-in-Olaef at Portsmouth, arrived on a visit to n:er Majesty. Despatches were received yesterday at the Colonial-officI froim the Governiors of South and West Australia, Ceylon, MIauritius, Malta, and Canada, and aiso from the Lrd High Commissdoner of the Ioriau Islands.
HER MAJBS7r2S THEATRE. Rossini's Tancredi was produced lst night, after having been laid aside for many years Ihis opera seria-the ninth dramatic work of its composer--was written for the Carnival at Venice, and bronght out with extraordinary success at the Fenice, in 1S13. Rossini was then in his 21st Year. He had attained a certain degree of celebrity; but Tancredi at once made Ii m famous. The Venetians hailed another Cimarosa in the young composer, whose new contribution to the theatre fairly turned their heads. From high to low every inhabitant of the " City of the Sea" was eternally humming "M Mi rivedrai, ti rivedro," or luxuriating in the melody of " Di t2nti palpiti." Taencredi was intro. duced to 1onden four years later, at the King's Theatre, for -. Madame Bellocehi (or Belloc), whose name is now forgotten by the world atl la;ge, but whvo will be recognised by musical antiquaries as the celebrated Nina of Paissello, and thoprima donna for whom Rossini wrote not only his early o-era iuffa, called L'Inganno Felice, but his more renowned Gzza Ladra (in 1817). The first great sensation, nevertheless, created by Tancreai in England was when. Pasta assumed the character of the hero (in 1825) nd achieved, as every one knows, one of her most brlliant triumphs. Since Pasta, tho Syracusan warrior has been variously impersonated, with more or less success, by Mialibran, Pauline Garcia (her sister-now nadame Visrdot), Brambilla, and last of all by Alboni-at the Royal Italian Opera, in 184S. Tancredi fwas revived expressly for Mademoiselle Wagner, whose im. personation of the hero is famous in her native land; but it is worthy of remark thiat the four prin. dpal parts last night were all ELlotted to singers who, not being Italianls, may be set down without offence, at the Itarian Opera, as foreigners. Under these circumstances, it is highly creditable to Mademoiselle Wagner (Tancredi), Mademoiselle Bauer (Amenaide), Herr Reichardt (Argirio), and M. Bouch6 (Orbazzano) that the opera should have been performed throughout to the evident satisfaction of the audience, whose applause was so inces. snt that, at intervals, it might havo been arraigned by scrupulous connoisseurs as indiscriminate. Mademoiselle Wagner "looked" the personage of Trn credi just as magnificently as she did that of Romeo in I Montecdhi eed r Capuleii, and did hersutmost with it, too, in a histrionic sense-alt,hough it can scarcely be said to afford materials for the exhibition of fine acting. Madame Pasta, we are told, made a grand tragic part of Tancredi; butthis is one of the trditions connected with that eminent dramatic singer which ought to be received with caution. Judged fromeamusical pointofviewthe performanceof Mademoiselle Wagner may be described as genuine Tedescan, shining rather in declamatory force than in those fine traits of vocalization which belong almost exclusively to the old Italian style (of which the opera itself is a model), and remarkable more for energy and bread.Lh of conception than for other qualities. The rmusic, it is true, belongs to a school which has pretty nearly died out for want of singers, and was composed at a period when nearly all contralti and en.-zi soprani were supposed to be gifted with that fluency of execution of which the earliest and latest examples in our time have been presented by Brambilla and Alboni. Thus Mademoiselle Wagner was always most at home where large and expressive decla:mation is demanded, and least so where the music, being florid or ornamental, a certainfinesse in the management of ,7rupeUi and in the delivery Of roulades and bravutra passages is indispensablo. In the aria d'in?rata, the accompiamed recitative, "0 patria dolce ed ingrata," was far superior, for instance, to the mode7ato movement, " Tn che acceadi," and to the familisrcarbaetta, " Di tanti palpiti"-since the last two depend chiefly for effect npon vocal qualifications in which Mademoiselle Wagner (like the majority of her compatriots) is deficient. Her most dtrilin.g performance during the evening was the duet with Argirio, "Ah se del mali niei," in which she was seconded most efficiently by Herr Hdeihardt. This raised the audience to enthusi: mcm; and not only was it followed; by a loud anda unanimous encore, but byn general call for the singers at the conclusion. The air introduced by MademoiseUe Wagner at the end of the opera was not so well suited to her peculiar powers; and the curtain fell to a demonstration somewhat less genial and hearty then that which f oUowed the termination of the first act, and the duet to 'vhich allusion has been made. MademoiseUe Bauer shoved good qualities now and then in her executionof the music of Amenaide,and considerable command of bra'tura in She recitative and air (Act IL) "GranDio," wheretheunfErtunateprince.sappealstoHeaven on behalf of her newly fouad champion. Bnt she must endeavour to get rid of defect; of intonation which would epoil even more sldlfal singing than her own. Herr Reichardt, as Argirio, could hardly have entirely satisfied amateurs who remembered Rubini and Mario in the part; but, as these were most probably fiw in number, his performance was generally, and, it must be added, desecvedly commended. Besides the duet with Mademoiselle Wagner, in which he displayed both energy and vowal aptitude, Hlerr Reichardt made a very favourable impression in the air (from Zelmira), " Sorte! secondarai," which he substituted for the orid n song--one of the weakest is the opara-And de6 imuea vith remarlauble spirit. M. Bouche, though painstaking and correct, did not make us forget the Orbazzano of Tamburhii. At the end of each act the principal artists were recalled.; and then MademoiseUe Wa ner, in obedience to a speciai summons, came orn alone. The great majority of theaudience remained to witness the niew and splendid ballet of the C(orsaire, and to applaud the admirable dancing of Mademoiselle RoSAti. The housewas croewded to suffocation.
The Chancellor of the LExchequer acknowledges the receipt of 1l. Os., the tax for two' yeas' armoril. bearings, omitted to be applied for during absence from home, from "B. Ak. F. I" also, the Iirst hifnotes for 4001., on account of income-tax, from TheMoanifeur of yesterday publishes the text of a copyright treaty concluited bet*een France and the free city of lfamburg. Tam *HiYarAasr T ATP;E.-Misc Reynoldis, the favoute xatress of t"s thentre, hai, we 3re hUpy tostte recovered from her Iate seevre indisposition, an will 1;ake her benefit this evening, when anew pine', caled? S&Wnsd Lovc, iannounce . r_
T-E J1LY FBTBS AT B3RUSSELS. (17ROX OCr OWN! OoZauPO . X- F - 3 l S JUnY 21, 5 .z3 To persons who derive their experience of -fEses 'from English balits exclusively- the appearance bf Brut3elstdunmgthaihttitwo or three days maust have appeared mjoet extrasordinary..-- Somnany an d on such a grand cale aro the tr.umphal arches placed, about the city, and: so Completely is the Places St. Joseph 'tprned into avast ot-of-doorhll of Audience-such la noewaspect does the 3Park.acquire from tho lamps and banners with- which-it is .urrounded and so completely have the preparations taken plae before the eyes of the-public, thataanewandfantaic city seems to have grown up before one's eyes in the .midst of the old capital of Brabat.. -The hero of the Pilgrim'sF Progress scarcely lived in a more allegorical atmosphere than the citizen of Brussels on the occasios of this fttc, which celebrates the 25th anniversary of his Kmig's inauguration. The rampant golden lion of Belgium, vwith the vast famly; of lions (likewvise. rampant) that belong to the various provinces of the kIdngdom, strike the eye at every point. In England the results of the heralds' art have an exotic look about, them, and seem to harmonize but indifferently with surrounding actualities. Here we -live for the nonce in the very region of blazonry, where everythitg is in perfect keeping, and the wildest heraldic fiections, interspersedwithallegories in classical taste, acquire a substantial existence, by the aide of which the marks of the 19th century fade into i- significance. Let it be emphatically added, that all the temporary edifices, which it would occupy whole columns to describe, are as carefully executed (though the materials are perishable), as if they were intended to form the perm=nent ornaments of a city peoplel with the mnost fistidious inhabitants. Experience has so'completely taught the Brit,on to imagine that all temporry edifices nstnecessarily belong to the "gilt gingerbread" sehool of art, that he could hardly imagine the brilliancy, devo.d of tawdry vulgarity, the solidity Of grandeur that has been obtained in this fine old ;own. Triumphal arches have been raised at the Porte cle Lacken, at the top of the Mfontagne de la Cour, at the entrance of the Rue Royale, and at the entrance of the Rue Guimard. By observing these p)oints on a map of Brussels the reader will easily be able to form an idea of the route taken by the King on proceeding from his palace at Lacken to the Place St. Joseph, which is situated without the boundaries of the town near the Boulevard du R6 gent. All the streets through which he has to pass are profusely adorned with banners suspended from ropes stretched across the road, and the constant repetition of the Belgian tricolor (black, yellow, and red), produces a remarkably rich effect. Wreaths and escocheons at the windows and along the walls of the houses are also to be seen in the greatest abundance. It is worthy of remark that the present route is the one taken by the Wing, on the 21st of July, 1831, when he made his entree into Brussels. The great ceremony of this day was the ceremony in the Place St. Joseph, where the King received deputations from all the important bodies in his dominions. The side of the Place, which is to the left hand of a spectator stationed on the church st-eps, is occupied by a large temporary building, gorgeousy fitted up in the classic style, and richly decorated with hangings of cimson and gold, escocheons of the provnces, and emblemnatical figures. This edifice is divided into nine compartnents, the centre of which is occupied by the gTrgeous throne, while the other eight have been devoted to the legishltive and judicial fuintionaries of the kingdom. and Theli ladies. In front of the church a broad platform is raised for the Archhiahon Cardinal of Maltes and .th provincial bishope andy on the opposite side of the Place stands an altar, surmounted by a picture of St. Joseph, under a ai)lenldid canopy. Towards noon the Place do St. Joseph gradually began to fill with al! the representative personages of the country, including deputations from all the regiments. Shortly before 1 o'ock a salute announced that the n had entered the city by the Porte do Lacuen (otherwise called the Porte d'Anvers) where he was received by the iBurgomaster and the P cheius. His cor tege wasu composed tbus:-A detachment of the civic gard on hor back, theor inge s ctyeirsg the delegates OI the Central Commission of the fyles, two of the Keing's Offlciers d'Ordo annnce the King, the Dure of Brabant, the Count of Flandres, the Aides-deCamp a nd Officiers d'Ordonnance of the King and the Princes; the Generals, the suDerior officers and the staff ofnthr cii gue ad the army; four piqueurs on horseback; aS carriage drawn by sis horses, containing the Grand Marshal of the Court; the Grand Chamberaine (lteatrt de da oaneisoi) of the oyal Hnousehold; a second carriage and six, containirn the aoahe byathesse of the Household of the Duke and Duchess of Brabant, the Ladies of Honour, and the Ladies of the Palace; a third carriage and six, containing the Duchess of Brabant and the Princess Charlotie, and attended on one side by the colonel commanding the depart ment of Grand Euyer-on thetheher by the aidedc-Camp de Se-vice. The whole procession terminated with a detachment of cavalry. At the Rue Guimasrd the Kin was received by the Presidents of the Legislative Assembles and by the Ministes, and at the Boulevard du Regent the sceuge alignhted, and amid the most eafening acecla- ations the King proceeded on foot to t throne ithe Plaee St. Joseph, where he took his seat, with the Duchess of Brabant on one side and the Princess Charlotte on the other. After a cantata, coimposed by M. Tonis, and su by a chorus stationed on an especial platform, the addresses of the Leniasative Assemblies were presented to the King on the part of both aemblies, and the Mineister of the Interior laid before him the medals struck in honour of the occasion. This ceremony i was followed by the solemn singing of the ele Deure , preOionsly to which the Bishops had passed over from their gallery in front of the church to the altar opposite, and the clergy hed formed themselves into two lines across the Place seas to make a passage for the ecclesiastical dignitaries. The intonation of the T. Deurn, which was foilowed by Donowcmp, oSaeum fac sepear, the solemn aspect of the priesthood and the altar, the various unifobms of the soldiers, the truly popular Monarch on his throne, the enthusiastic multitulde pressing around the space, and the bright sunshine, bwhich after three days' drizne seemed to come out purposely for the occasion, maderup a commerei which the most vviid imagination could scarcely rearlze. On Wednesday, when the allegorical cars from every province will pass along the streets, we shall have a more fanciful exhibition; hut the ce.remonyof to-dayis especially interestmngfrom the proof it gives of hearty sypathy between a Sovereign and his people, and of the general feeling of gratitude for a period of tranquillity that has nbted 2a years. ihen the clergy had returned to their orignmal platform the deputations of the civic 'uard and the |army defiled in columnbefore thethronie, and shortly after they had retired-that is to say, soon after 4 o'clock-the cortfge, which accompanied the King to his Palace, wvas in motion. T'he coi1tege wzas now composed of four separate grcups, in ranks of four persons each, arranged in the following order :-the Commtissaires of Police; Ethe Staff of the fort, accomnpanied by the officers of the garrison and the pensioned officers; the eorps of the officers of the Civic Guard of Brussels, accompanied by the officers of the legions of? the banlieue and thieprovinces ;the Council General of the:Hospitals; the Brussels ChamberoiConnnercoand l;heDeputiesof theProvincial Chambers of Commerce; the Conseil CJommnal of Brussels; the permanent deputation of3Brabant, accoinpaniedbythepermanent deputations of the Prolvincial Councils and the Coms- nissaires dAxrondissement present at Brussels; the provincial Inspectors of Primary Instruction; the Pr-fects of the Royal Atheniuism; the Ispectors of Seccndary Instruction the Adminitative Commission of the Brussels Conservatory of Music and delegates from theLikge Conservatory,; depataltions from the Royal Academy of Antwerp, the Goverument and independent Universities, the Royal Academy of 3Madicine, and the Royal Academy - of Belgium; the Juges de Paix of Brusels, and the banlieue; the Tribunal of Commerce and delegates fromthe provincialtribunals; theBrusselaTribunal de Premire Instanoe and the delegates fromtheprovmciatribunals ;theCouncilofMines;theBruss(lsCourt of Atcl, and.delegates f roi the Courts of - (xhent an'd withTheh Auditor-General of the ll jaib Court - the Cour des Comptes, -the Cour de Cation, the Chamber of Represntatives, the Senate, the ]3ing .the Roi'al family, theM*iiisters, the civil and :inili: dig taries of the Court, the pro'k:; governors, and the bigher.3lnstei fnnctionaiies~ .- XTe above list wil-hor xthe -institutions repreaxitedt in this-2116t inpo letiTval '_.i -,Qb
THE CASE OP AZWEDEACOi DRKIBo__ * ¶heeing of the ,it pra TH,,y h ULY 22 Ditcher, vicar of South Breant, ed b the Aeir.- Go- ;, .Anthony Deniaon Arlide oon -a Taiuwn, and vicar ot FW* Brent, all iu the diocw i o£ ath -ad Wele, onm. anenoed this moruing-before the wA=hb'isop_ of CLRxe swfly,in the Sessionz'Cortt of the GaUdhil of this city. The hail was crowded principally by lergymen of tha "ligh" nd "Low" COhc rtie, betria% ween o tbi dt may be said to be. e. ----T Tho procOedings commenced shortly after I1 o'clocl, .Ihen the P=it enterea thilel our acomDpaiedbyhis aae ors, Dr. Luduington and the I:bsr.Dr. eley, a- gat 1rofessor of Divinity at.,Oxord; the Bev. George enterySachevereliJohnson, Deanof Wells. TheV icGenera of tie Prerogative Coart (Dr. Tiavers Twirz), the Arcbbishop's Secretary. (Mr. Felix Xnyvett), snad other fcnistonaries were also ianttendance-. Dr. Bayford appeared for the proiotoer of the sitd, and Dr. Robert PiMihmore for the defendant. The case having been formally called on Dr. BA.YsOrvm stated the case on bez of the Rev. Johu Datcher, vicar of South Brent,fwhow as promoting the present prooeeding. Dx. mu,Lisoitr said, 'he was celledo u pon under -this, statute, the 9th sec. of the d and 4th of I ictria, anddhe isinst, Jirst of aul, ask whAther the Archdeacon wAs called on to make any answer under the statute l The case was one Of AhighlY criminal character. If theproceedingshadbBeet under the general canon Jaw, large discretion rould have been allowed as to-the punishment; but, being under this statute, there 2nust" be either deprivation or acquittaLh Yrocee to nakei his objectLonb to the articles, hDr ThillimoreX eserved to himnself the -ri"ht of delivering 'k awzitten protest when done. Haesaiddti'e9th arlicle deakv with tAe sermions, and he asned -iis Grac -to take a cara2l nOte Of the daEte. This article statedtahat the Archdeacon had, in his sEirmon oDr discourse of.Sunday. Auguwst 7,1 3855, advanced doctrines, &c. The 10th article chrged the Archdeacon with having,nd sometime in the year 1853," written and published objectionable ur-mons. Now, he too'k an objection, this being a criminal statute, to a Want of precision in -these words. Dr. Psitauonxoc having stated various objections, Dr. BLYsRosD was heard in reply.. Dr. LUSHINGTON overruled the objections, and the court proceeded to hear evidence, after whichl an adjournmeit toolk place tiil to-nanrrow (this day).
7ieBENH5CH at Qi-eBOYAL AXGR1OUZ2MAl SHOW7. TO THE EDITOP.OF TEE TIfES. Sir,-In nddressing to you a few notes on the cattle which I exhibited or bought at Chelisford, I was far from expectiagthatthose words would be inserted such as I had transmitted them to you; had I foreseen that, I would have given them, in every respect, a more suitable form. I thank younone the less, Sir, for the marks of sympathywhich you have manifested in your pablication for our ojuvrc of _eneficence. llov. re, however, this time to request the insertion of this letter in your next number, in order to rectify an imporitaterror which bas slippoed into my firsb nostes, pubishedtodayin lFe TLrncs. You say that Her lIjestthe Queen of Eugland has deigned to accept the houna I di her of a magnificent Brittany bull and fire cows of the same breed. It is one bull and one fine cow only that ought to have beensaid, it being difficult for me to offer five cows to Her lajesty the Queen, since I had but two ae the Royal Cheladord show. Please, Sir, to receive the renewal of my thanla, and th- t&-,a-. nf -vcnAan. ...A R. AWYM theFonnder -ma Dirnftnr of M.. oiony ot J?etit Bourg. Panton Hotel, Panton-strdet, Haymarket, July 22.
HBB HAAJTESTYS SHIP RODNZfY TO THE EDITOR OF THE TThIES. Sir,-As there have been reports aboat that Her Majesty'r ship P.odney, with the 42d and 97th Regiments on board, has been wrecked in the Mediterranean, 1 have much pleaswre in informing you that I Save seen a letter received by Serjesnt Dunn, 97th, from his brother-in-law, dated ont board Eter Majesty's ship Rodney. Gibraltar, 7th of July. They expected to leave on the 8th, t,ond by the steamer FZurious, The ship may arrive before this reaches you; but if not a notice in your parer of Wednesday may relieve the anxiety of many. I enclose my card, and subscribe myself, A CONSTANT READER. I Preston, Jt3y 21.
TiEE ABG(DOsNr MuitDER.-MNxa TarTant, who was convicted at the lst assizes at Abingdon on the charge of mnrdering herinfant, aged three months, is to be executed at the top of Eeadirg gaol oniFriday next. Since her conviction she has paid earnest attention to the rpligious instractions of the chaplain, the Rev. John Field. As the evidence failed to show that there were any of those features of deliberation and brutality wbich ha.ve characterized previsus cases in which reprieves ha.ve been granted to the culpnits, the public are now exerting themselves to, obtain, on her behalf, a commutation of the sentence. The chfld, it wall be rememhered, waes buried in a field, and, when fourd, it had a fracture on the upper part of the left aide of the head, which 'he surgeon alleged to be the cause of death. The woman now denies the murder, andsstates that the body was buried by the man with whom she cohabited. When the child was missed, and:the police made inquiries, the woman at firt denied having had a child, but afterwards admitted that she had, but said it died of thrush, and named the place where it was buried. This- circmnstance is pointedoutto t'he Secretary of State as favourable to the convict - an& ag all the witnesses proved her to have been lkind to tie child up to the last moment of her being seen with it, they conceive this to be a point worthy of rmerciful considera4tion. The memnoria at RIading has been signed by moare than 600 persols. A similar memorial has also been largely signed at Abindon.Bot wer tobe presentedl to the Secretary of E3tate yesterday (Tuesday). half-past 6, a small yacht, while passing e apsu and we are sorry to say that two young gentlemen whose names are unknown, but who are understood to belong to GlaCTsow, were drowned. It seems, from the statement or John M'Cul obin, a Gourock boatman who accompanied them, and who was saved, that they had sailed in the momning from Gourock Bay, and proceeded as far as Port Bannatyne. They were on their way back, and, while o posite Inedan and running before a slight breezea squal wvs seen passing along the water, and rhe was observed to fo down instantly, nothing being afterwarls seen but- a life- oy, to which the boatman was clinging, and the gentlemen's caps, one of them being a darl; mixture and the other a shepherd plaid, and both being lined with silk. The boatman states thathe does not know the name of either of the gentlemen, having been en-'aged by them only for the day. le also states that the %oat wlras quite -aewr, having only been launchced on Thursday last at (s owt, and that there ws another life-buoy on board.-Gtasgow Daily Rzsllaiin.~ ~ ~ ~ ~~Dil AUSTnumI ' AiD AmrsiCAx Alrs.-The White Star mai packet mIermaid sailed from Livernool yesterday forMelbourne, havingonboard 270 passengers, a fll cargo of dnrygoods, and the hi-monthly mails. The Atlantic leaves Liverpool for lew York to-day with the mails The E3agle will sail from the same poert for helbourn on Thursday. She will take aship's mail, Letters and papers inte4nded for her should be marked " Per Eagle, from TLiVer poeol.' The post-office closes at 12 at neon, with late fee of T ZX2s'-Ms, Dums .-A return moved for by MIr. Davison, M.P., shows that the moneys received by the Society of the King's-Inns, in Dublin,this yesr, has amounted to about 983W., the ordinary expeenditure to 3.5221., and the extraordinary expend:ture to 4631. In 1355 the ordinary expenditure was 4,4271., and in 1S54~ 4,83GI. Of the recespts this year S61. wras derived fron students, 2301. fronx baristers, 1021. from apprentices, 271i. from attorneys, a.nd 2941. from the stamp duty on attorneys' indentures Finror's CS BPAovoToG AeHS-Tbi rinteresting collection of photographs illustative of the war, whichi excited so much mterest while it wras exhibited in Pallmall, bas within the last few days been removea to No. 52, King William-street, city, where it is now being shown to the ?ublic. Of late it has received many valuable additions, and it is now without question one of the most complete and life-like series of dablcu:zx we possess of the war, including, as it does, representations taken on the spot of all the famous localities which have become inseparably identified -with the memorable struggle, and portrii, which cannot be otherwise than faithful, of all the more illustrious men, living and dead, -who took part in it. There are views of the tovrn, haLrbour, and docks of Sebastopol, taken from various interesting points of -view, and some of them on a large scIle, as well of the harbour anad town of Balaklava, the 2lalakhoff, and Redan, both before and after their capture, the plain of Balakiava, the cemetery on Cathcear's-hill, ana so forth. Some of. the porr-aits of individual Generals, officers, and men are remarkably happy, and vhere groups of persons and things are made the .subjects of represantation rheyare all exceedingly charcteristic and replete with interest FATA AccoXx.-On Sunday night Ilat Dr. John Calthorpe Willisms, of Nottinglham, was retu-ninM in his carriage from Wollaton-bdal (Notts), the seat of or_ aiddleton, after dining with his Lordaslip and when near tbe town the horse became restiff:. The oachlman cautioned the doctor to -emnainqjuiet ; the unafortunate gentleman-was, however, pitched out- of the narTiage, and, falling uon his besd, was fearfully bruised After the horse hia been quieted Dr. Williams was conveyed to his reidenoe at Nottinghlam, andnmumberof hiaprofeaional friends Attended hm.auntil3lfondarynight, when he diedl Dr.DsWilimswas a man ofeminenicein hisprofession,andauthor ofa,aluable wor onthesigt. e ws pysiiantothe Notta Lunatic Asylum, and was hsghly esteemed by his fellow-townsmen. by whom his lo6s will be greatly felt. Be-was abotut 60 :ECOVRY1 OF IHE NE OVHDLAD SaUB.n TELsasArm-Atelgapi deepatcha -was rweeveld yester-. dayafternoon from Sydney Cape Breton, annoancing the; recovery of a large porinote submarine rabla lost ini tLn -attempt to lay it in Auus as off Cape Breton.2 The only further aLnnouneenwa that thbi cable recovered would -be aent on onamdately to -thLis city. Thin wa the cable lcst from the James Adgr, and -was74 miles long. The cable, previous to being slipped for this Oooimtr, was insured in Lonaon for,,$75,00. - Tbe New orkl Ne*foundland, and london Tel scpl Compay,' tok whom it WaS consigned, sued the Board of-Underwriters i London to recover-this insuace, tile iderwitershlia efused to pay it.- A settlement w reoently T t by the BoN oef lnderwters paying $80,000, O asa ;rnouncing all claim to the ctble. Some, tro weeks mnce persons were sent on fromi N1ewt York wby the New- York, Newfoundland, and - London Telegraph Company, to mke efforts for the recoyery of the al, nd At Cape- Breton tfiey chartered en dforith m pou,wth the result as above stated. This cable was an hick ir die- seter, with four: conductors insulated with gutbpalp&.. One intededaJSaa nbatitute fcr it istnewrbin la AAbtbte hirg: Poinf betweeafNiefouudlatd'asid - C Brh Tdhe recovered- cable -ll -pr1~a be ums41ar*eg _dI Ye$~~eJ~~!1L t K I" - U [_'1 w _l' tf-.tS l'iStt~~~~~~~~J-i -t
FRANOE (:'Rois ow owx coRrrEsPoNDxlT.1 PARIS, MrsAY, JULY 21,6 Pf.S The French papers begin to teem with details of -the conflict at Madrid, many of them differihg from each other so widely as to be wholly irreLoncilable. It is alwavs difficuit to get at the exact particulars of an insurrection and. street fight of this kind, but it is certain that some of the correspondence published is far indeed from the truth. A great number of private letters have, however, been received from MIadrid by Spaniards a-nd others resident in Paris, and the contents of these prove that there was much more bloodshed than is admitted by the partisans and proteS of O`DonnelL It is untrue that the National Guards desisted from the fight before they were worsted and compelled to do so. They seem to have fought pretty well, considering that they vere attacked by about an equal force of regular trcops, against -which tivic volunteers, xnless the.r numerical superiority be very great, can rareiy hope to contend with much chance of ultiumate success. One battalion, the 3d Light Infanbty, composed chieflv of men who madethemseives remarkablefor their duing in July, 1854, fought desperately. According to various letters, 8W0 or 380 of them shut them'selves up in a house and made a fierce resistance, killing and wounding 1I0 of the battalion of regulars that assailed them. Overcome at last, they and their leader, Sisto Camara, were all killed. The two Escosuris were very active on the popular side. The ex-M1inister, Patricio, is an old soldier, and served in the artillery of the Spanish army ir thle time of the Carlist war. Be is said to have found an asylum at the British Fmbassy. As yet ve have no account of the fate of his b. other Narci o. Ihe 3d Tight Battalion and the D, mocrats seem to have borne the brunt of the battle and to have met merciless foes when the day turned against them. The -work appears to have been done in a manner efiectual enough to satisfy even the ruthless O'Donnell, wLo was doubtless resolved to g,ive the Nationals a shap lesson; and, if the accounts we receive be true, Mfadrid must nowr be full of mourning. The real number of dead is not known, and perhaps never will be, but I bave heard it roughly estimated, on the strength of le'ters from MIadrid, at 1,000, including soldiers aiad civilians, and people say there has been no such slaughter, in the way of street fig,htipg, since June, 1848, in Paris. In this there may possibly be exaggeration, but there has certainly been a good deal of bicodahed. Jose Munos (Pucheta), the bullfighter, fought with a valour which, displayed against a foreign foe, -would have won him a herors chaplet. As it is, he wiU doubtless long be remembered as a her) in the annals of his party, although set down as a desperate rebel and assassin by his opponents. This man, although his impromptu executions of Chico and one or two other persons in July, 1854, were unquestionably murders (however much the victims may have merited their fate), rendered good service on more than one occasion, and especially on the day succeeding the flight of Maria Christina from Mladrid, when it was mainly by his influence that the barrios bajos, or low ouarters, near the Toledo-gate, were kept quiet and bloodshed was prevented. According to the latest intelligence frcm Madrid, :E-partero, whose abode, since his resignation, had been the Gurreas' house, had left the capital, with a cavalry escort, by the gate of Alcala. There can be no reasonable doubt that he was virtually a prisoner. It is not known whither ho was proceediug. The gate oI Alcala opens on the Saragosma read, and by it, now just two years ago, he saude his triuniphal entry into Madrid amid the enthusinstic acclamations of the entire population. Not a window on his passage but was crowded with women, waving handkerchiefs and throwing flowers, and the people andNationalGuards thronged around hInm, eager to touch his dress, or even the carriage in -which he stood upiight while malkig his famous s; cech, and declaring that if the liberty that had just been re-conquered was ever again menaced his sword should spring from the scabbard to defend it. Ncne will accuse Espartero of want of personal courage, aud doubtless at this, as at the many other eventful epochs of his life, he has pursued the line of conduct his conscience dictated to him ; but the world, which judges by acts, ani-I dces not always inquire into motives, will ba apt to tax hiM= with singular apathy in the recent critical ci0 cum-tances. It is to be observei that although Espartero left Madrid on the side leading to Arragon, it is highly improbable that he wouldi be conducted or allowed to proceed far in that direction. His having taken it at all may be explained by the fact that the house in which he v'as residing is not far from the Alcala gate, and that he wou-ld have to traverse no populous streets in order to get out of the town. Once outside, a small ciruit would talke him into the CAtaIle road. It has lbeen conjectured that the intcntion of the Government was to send hiim to Fiance. Alt the acco'-ts r2ceived from Spaia up to tbis afternoon describe the tranouillity of Madrid as perfact. alnd say there is no apprehension of its beimg a,aina troublhd. The dose of lead and steel administered to the people of that iunlucky capital arpears to have been abundantly strong to keep tleni quiet for awhile. All is quiet also in the po0 inces, as far as is known. T he slight disturbrnces at Barcelona began at 5 in the evening of the 18th, and recommenced (after having been supp:e ed) on the morning of the 19th. Barricades were thrown Up on the Rambla and elsewhere, but were quickly taken and destroyed by the troops. There was some firing, but we have not heardwhether There was loss of life, and the whole affiair appears to have been trifling. Reports of disturbances in G-alicia are contradicted. The Basque Provinces are stated tobe sotranquil, and likely to continue so,that G>eneral Echague h1as been able to move his troops towards Tadela, in o.der to observe Arragon. If that province he alone in its opposition to the Go'vertnent, it is the opinionx even of those who sympathize with its cause that its resitance will soon be overceme. - The portion of the circular of M. Cantero, the new Minister of Finance, relating to the desarnortinrcion, in which he announces that the operation is to be actively continued, and enlarges on its benefits to tffe country, has excited some disapprobation on the part of his colleagues, who appear to consider the declaration neither necessary nor timely. The telegraphic communication between Madrid and the French frontier is still interrupted at Saragossa, and our latest news now comes by post. There is talk of reverting for the moment to the old lino of semaphores, which is still in good working condition. I am informed that the additionial Frrench troops sent to the frontier, in consequence of the state of Spain, 'vill not exceed a brigade, but that a ship of war has been ordered to go and crazs off Cadiz, and another off Barcelona. M~.. de Persny has passed through Paris, and is reported to have gone to Ploinbibres, thence the :Emperor is expected to return at the end of t-his .week. The following private telegraphic despaten has been received "BERIXT, JvL 20. "An order has. arrived from St Petersburg to naintain auring the whole of this month the quarantine of four days ia .be Russian ports in tho Black Sea, even on vessel3 .arriMng at Galatz. - "'The betrothal of the Grand Duk-e Michael to the Princess Cecilia of Baden has been offcially promulgated in the St. Betemrburg journalsw ." The e.remony of the coronation is definitively fixed tor tha- Mth of August. The Emperer aud Enapres will set ourt on. the 12th of August for Xoscow." A ccrtain number of Span iards of distinction, regding in Paria since thes eVota of 1854, left teeer- day for. -the Spanish ,fpontier.. dAmong others is General Ortega, formerly Captain-Geueral of one of the provincea of Spaile e~ u;- We read,in d the Coun*ier de Maarseelles of thie 2Qth in-It. - "Just as we were going to press nwe reeved the levAtI muig, bronghtby the Simos.;l Tuhe. Cmonganti"gpet fJurn cf the 10th contaianathe followig, uuder date Kainiesc, 5th:-' 'larshal Pelisierhlving iued tbe iut ordersfortha; complete embarcation of the Ji0op- amndwarest&WeZonl the 4thand5th, alltheathipsofwarantrssportsonboart of which they had been,p4eed went mtothe roads toawsitr the signal of departure. iThie troops ardtEha erseonge ofthle intendance, the commnisariat -departwlent, the tioasury,' gendarmerie, and police; atill' amounted to about 8,000 nien. At 9 o'clock in the morning of the 'lth tht Earshal, after talklDg leave of Sir Willan -Codrington and the Russian authoritiem arrived in his carriaef at Eamiesch, and having got into a beat repaired on boazd the steamer Roland with Generzl artimprey ana' the other offieers of his staff. At5zoclock p.m. the Rolandweighedl anchor, followed by the Bretagne, bering thb fSiag of Vice-Adndiral Trehouart,i and a numiber of steasieir towing the transports lying iii the roads. At that mioment the English Admiral's ship fired ir honour of MIarshal Pelissier a sslute of 19 guns, which was r-o turned by tho B-retagne. The troops embarked consisted of the'44th and 94th Megiments of- the Line and the 17th battalion of Chasaeurs. When the Marshal left 'the roads of Kamiesch a Russian battaliou of infantry and a sotnia of Coasacks, commanded by a superior officer, took possession of the town and hoisted the Russian flag, in lieu of the Frensch colours5 which had been removed at noon. These troops were quartered in the barracks hitherto eccupied by the Gendarmerie. About 20 commercial vessels, the French frigate Didon, and a war steamer, remained at Kamiesch. The departure of Sir William Codringtoun was to take place six or eight days later." The Emperor has addressed the following letter toi 61. Rouher, ihe Minister of Public Works 5"Monsieur le Ministre,-After havnng examined with you | the ravages caused by the inundations, my first object of consideration has been to find the means for preventing similar disasters. Accordizng to wshat I saw, there are intiie. gre3test number of the localities secondary works, indicated by the nature of the ground, and which skilful engineers might readily execute. Thus, nothing can be more easy than to construct works of art wnich would temporarily preserve from such inundations cities such as Lyons, Valence, A-ig. non, Tarascon, Orleans, Blois, and Tours. But as to a general system, to be adopted in order to protect for the future from such terrible scourges our rich valUeys traversed by large rivers, that is stiU wanting, and must be absolutely and immediately found. " At the present time every one calls for a dyke, being satisfied with diverting the water from himself and throwing it on his neighbour. The system of dykes is only a palliative, ruinous for the State, and imperfect for the in terests to be protected; for, in g&neral, the sand which is brought down_ constantly elevating the bed of the rivers, and the dikes tending to narrowv them, it is necessary to be constantly adding to the height of those dykes, to be prolonging them along both banks, and to subject them to a constant superintendence. This system, which, for the Rhoue alone, would cost more than 100,000,000f., would be insufficient, for it would be impossible to obtain that tmn interrupted surveillance along the whole extent of the baaks which could alone prevent a rupture; and, should one dyke break-, the catastrophe would be the more terrible as the dykes would have been raised higher. In the midst of all the systems proposed one alone appears to me to be reasonable, practicable, of ready execution, and which, moreover, has experienre in.favour of it. " Before seeking the remedy for an evil it-is necessary to study well its cause. Whence, therefore, proceed these sudden risings of our large rivers? They are caused by the rain which faUs on the mountains, and hut slightly by that which falls on the plains. This is evident fron the fact of the rise of the Loire having been felt at Roanne and at Nevers 20 or 30 hoes before it reached Orleans or Blois. It was the same with the Saore, the Rhone, and the Gironde; and during the late inundations the electric telegraph served to announce to the people, several hours, or rather several days, beforehand, the precise moment of the rising of the watr,rs. " ThIS phesomenon may be readily understood. When the rais fals on a plain the ground serves as a kind of sponge, and the -water, before reaching the river, has to traverse a vast extent of soft ground, the gentle slope of which also retards the running off of the water, But when, independ. eritly of the melting of the snow, the same thing takes place on the mountains, where the ground, mostly rocky or gravelly, does not absorb the moisture, the steepness of the cos rtry camries the water rapidly to the rivers, which thus suddenly rise. This is what we see every day when it rains. The rain which falls in our fields seldom £eormsa stream, bht that which fall on the roofs of honses, and which runs iLto tl:e gutters,Iinstantly becomes streams. Thus the roo's are th e mountans, and the gutters the valleys. If we, therefore, suppose a valey four leagues long by two wide, and that there has fallen in the 24 hours lOc of rain on that surface, we shall have in the same space of time 12,SOO,O0O cubic mretres of water, which will have run into the river; and this phenomenon will be renewed for each of the tributary streams of that river. Suppose, therefore, that the Rhone or the Loire has ten large tributory streams, we shall have the immense volume of 128,000,000 cubic metres of water which wil have mn into the river in 24 hours ; but if rlatvolume of watercan be keDt back in such a manner that its running off must occupytwice or thrice the space of tiD]e, then, as m.ay be readily conceived, the inundation will be rendered twice ort'criceless dangerous. **Ever) thin. therefore, consists in retarding the running cff of the w} ater. The means of effecting this is to erect on all the tributary streams of rivers, at the mouths of the v weirs, leaving in the centre only a narrow passage ,'or the waters, and thus keeping them back when their v lume increases, and forming reservoirs which could only empty themselves slowly. It is necessary to do on a small scale what nature has done on a large one. If the lake of Corstance and the lake of Geneva did not exist, the valley of the Rhine and that of thle Rhone would only form to % ast sheets of water; for every year the abovementloned la,es, without any extraordinary fall of rain, and merely frorm. the melting of the snow, rise fromtwoto three metres, which makes for the lake of Constance an increase of alb,.ut two and-a-half milliards of cubic metres of water, ar d for that of Geneva an augmentation of 1,770,000,000. it- may be conceived that with this immense volume of water, if it were not kept back by the mountains which at the tpeniag of those two lakes cheek it, and only allow it to s un off according to the breadth and depth of the river. a faightful inundation 'would take place every year. Thisnatural inundation was followed, more than 1511 years ago, by electing in the Loire a weir, the ntility of which is shown by the report madetotheChamberinl1847by 5L Col'i&non, then deputy of the Meurthe, and which is as ful ows:- " The dike of Finay, constructed in 1711, is about seven miles above Roinne. This work, resting on the rocks wiich close in the valley, and enveloping the remains of an old blidge, which, according to tradition, -was built by the oromans, reduces the opening of the river at this point to a width of 20 metres; its height above the ordinary level is also 20 metres, and it is through this kind of sluice that the w hole LIoire is compelled to pass at the time of the greatest irnundation. The influence of the dyke of Pinayis the nore worthy of attention that it waserected, asshown by thedecrce of the Council of June 23, 1711, for the special object of moderating the rise of the waters, and opposing to their sudeen irnuption an artificial obstacle in the place of the natural ones, wIhich had been imprudenUtly destroyed in the upper part of the river. The dykeof Pinaywell performed its purpose in the muonth of October last; it supported the wfaters to a height of 21m. 47c. above the ordinary level;* it thus checked and drove back into the plain of Eorez a ins, of w.-ater estilmatd at more than 100milions of cubic metresand the rise had attained its maximvmn height at Roannefour or five houars before this immense reservoir WaS completely filltd. If the dyke of Pinay had not existed, not only would the rise of the water have sooner reached Boanne, hut the volume of water would have increased by about 2.600 cubic nietresper second; the duration of the inundation would have been shorter, but the imagination is startled at the addition vwhich might have been made to the disaster, already so great, of which the valley of the Loire has been she theatre. Moreover, the rise of the water above the, dyke of Pinsy produced no injury; far from that, the plne of Eorez wvil formany pears feel the fecundating action of the mud which thewaterc'deposited in it. Such has been the part performed by this work which a wise foresight raised orour secur3ty,and to serve us as an example. Tlhere exist in the gorges from wbence the tributary streams of our rivers flow, a great number of points where the experience of Pinay may be economically renewed, if the localities be well selected, thns usefully checking the eowing of the watsrs, and in most cases affording a material advantage to agrLculture. In place of these completely open dykes, ithas been proposed to also construct locks vwith floodgates. The reservoirs thus formed would keep back the water in times of inundation, and would allow in dry seasons of its being devoted to the wants of agriculture.' "The edict of 1 sil, epoken of by L Collignon, clearly irdicates the part whil:h the dykes are called on to play. It contains the followving apassage:- "' It in indis4ensibly necessar to Make three dykes in tne interval of the bed of theriver where boats do not pass-the first, at the riles of Pinay; the second, at the Chateau de 1a Roche; ind the third at the piers of an old bridge built on the Loire, near the village of St. Iaurice; and, with the assistance of thes dykes, the passages being narrowed, the water which woild otherwise pass in two days would scarcely be able to do so in four or five. The volume of water, being thus diminished by more than onebalf, will no longer cause subh ravages-as those which hare occurred during the last three years.' 'In fact, in1866as in1846,the dykes of PinayandLa Roche saved Roanne from a complete disaster. It may be moreover remaiked, tbat according toM. Boulang4, exengmeer-in-chief of the department of the Loire, the dyke of Pinay onlycost 170,OOOf., and that of ILaRoche 40,000f., and-he only estimates tke expenseat 3,400,000f. for building £-ve additional large dykes and 24 weirs, whichheproposes o have constructed on 'the tributary streams of 'theILie. . Pcloncean,. ex-di",sional inspector of the Ponts-et' Chau,sfes, -3Io i rt "admts the utility f tie sim sysem,thilcatha thse ykemigtboformied of-turf, - "No,-aa t ~s ery mportnt tht th rise of, each tr ibunumber of those-wea±s insomeplacal and er"atiitith a aemi Pinty, these weis, insted of injuring apicullue, wil he fi4,eiVuble to it by the deposit of mud which idll be formed il Wthe atificial lakes, dnrhiclz willserve to fersill't, t1 g Wunder rirers brin' down sad, these- weirs -would bx:te ii advntage of .kgeting baekz.great'art o'f it, and,> , syincreiang ,tbe eurrentintlae middle of thenrvers; *rmake the chaloe1deeper. But even. should .tbeee wreira do wifle iajn.ry to the cropsia the vaIIeJs.all tht w,onld.be/necea7 may to be cone wuld be to indemnify tFhe p,,psetosf for theosae must be done with regard -to Waster as with fr 'Z ,one pnartmutbe sacriSced to save the other;* the nrzgrow, blnt not ,very fertila valleys must Ae sacrifi-ced for the isletr o'.4 the rich land-of the.fertile plains. " The system cannot'e efficaciousunles zit be generalized, that iS toDsay, applied to the amallest tibutnry streams. It will not be very experAive if the small weirs be multiplied, instead of very large onesibeing erected - but it is clear that tlhs will lot prerent the necessity of secondnar works for the protection'of the towns and certain mote expoe,i "I wish you, therefore, to have this system examined oni the spot, as soon as 'ble, by the competent men of your' ministry. I wish that, independently of the dykes which are to be erected on the most threbtened points there shoald be mane at Lyons a- channel for carrymg off the geathulk of water, similar to that at Blois- it would have the advantage of preserving the city, and increasing the defence of that fortified place. Iwish'that-there should be Amade in the -bed of the Loire, at a time when the water is lowr, and parallel to the course of the river, dykes formed of branches 'of trees open at the upper jart, in ordei to form baKns for the mud, as progsed by,L Fortin, engineer of. thePontset Chawsies. These-dykea woulcd have the advantage of stopping the sandWitthout checking thewater, and thus deepening thebed of the river. $I wishthat the system proposed for'the Rhoneb IM. Vadide, Tnspector-general des Ponts et 1han1sees, sho..9d be seriously examined, with the concurrence of the Swiss Government. It consists in lowering the waters of the Rhone at the place where it rus from the lae of Geneva, and of constructing a weir there. By this means there would be obtained, according to his account, a lowering of the waters of the Leman, which would be. useful to the Valais, the Canton de Vaud, and Savoy; and also-a better navigation of thb lake, embellishtefits for Geneva, less disastrousr inundations in the valloy of the Rhone, and a better navigation of that river. "Lastly, I wish that, as already exists for some, the management of the great rivers should be confided to one person, in or-der thlit the, direction may lie unique and pr6mptin themoment of danger. I wish that the engineers eho hav.cq long experience in mnatters connected with rivers .should be advanced on the s-pot, and iot suddenly taken fromn their particular works, for it freieantly hyappens that an engineer who has devoted a part of his life either to tho study of maritime works on the seacoast or to hydraulic vworks in the interior is suddenly, by being prorhotpd, employed on another service, and the State loses the advantage of his special knovledge and the result ef his long :practial experience. "What happefied after the great inundation of 1846 shouild serve as 'a lesson for us. Much was said on the subject in the Chambers, and very luminous reports were made ; -but no system was adopted, no clearly defned impulse given. Partial works only were executed, which, according to the opmion of scientificmen, only tended, M I consequence of their want of ensemble, to render the effects of the last scourge more disastrous. * I pray God, Monsieur le Ministre, to have you in His holy keeping. " Plombieres, July 19." " NAPOLEON. Commercial transactions are at a dead calm in Paris. The wealthy part of the population has removed to the country, and retailers are doing little or no business. In the first days of the mnonth maniufacturers sold pretty largely for the fair of Beaucaire, but those purchases have now nearly ceased. Letters from the south state that the fairs opened on the 15th under the most favourable auspices. Business immediately commenced, and considerable sales weoe effected. Raw silk and silk atufis were in particular demand, and fetched high prices. The accounts from the manufacturinadistricts are likewise satisfactory. Numerous commission ag,ents had reappeared at Ronent, Mulhouse, Amiens, and Roubaix, and made extensivepurchases. At Lyons andSt. Etienne al hands were at work, and the stock was completely exhausted. The harvest has commenced in various parts of France, and an opinion as to the produce may soon be formed. In the south it has been indiferent, and only middling in the centre, but in the Beauce, Brie, and other districts, from which Paris is supplied, in the east, west, but particularly in the north, the crops present the most magnificent appearance, and, up to this time, everything augura harvest superior to that of an average year. Prices accordingly maintain themselves with dlifficulty. There is no change in the cattle markets. The prospects of the vintage are reassuring. The oiditum has not shown itself in Buugundy, Chani- pagne, or along the banks of the Cher and Loire,j and it has nade but little progress in Langue- i doe and other parts of 1he south. The bunches of grapes ale genera.Uy abunidant, an-d there is every reason to believe that the produce will be that of an 4 ordinary year. Prices, nevertheless, have not doe- clined. Montpelier brandy has advanced in Paris I to 2001., and spirits extracted fiom beet to 139f. per hectolitre. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. SOc. for the end of the month; and the New Loan, at 70f. 65c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,3SSf. 75c.; Great Northern, 1,065f.; Strasburg, 937f SOc.; New Shares, 800f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,415f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,800f.; Western of France, 9621. 5Oc.; BordeauxandCette, 7721. SOc.; Great Central of France, 69Sf.; Lyosas and Geneva, 800f.; Bank of Cr6dit 1obilier, 1,460f.; Austrian Railways, SO6f. Uours AntJw,,iqn& -P , July 2L-Cash Prices.- Four-aad-a-Half per Cents, not reimburnable for 10 years 93f. 25c. 50Oc.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (5 per eent. paid), 93f. 25c. ; ditto, Certificates (65 per cent. paid), 93f. 25c. Four per Celnts., S2f.; Three per Cents,, 70f. 70a. 5ic.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (65 per cent. paid), 70f. 50c.; ditto Certificates (65 per cent. paid), 70t. 50c.; Treasnry i Bonds, 5 per cent. at two months; Bank of France, 4,123f.; Credit Foncier, 670E. 675f. ; ditto, Obligations of 500', Four per Cents., 430f.; ditto, Thrce per Cents., 390f. ; ditto Tenths, Youryer <ents., S7f. BOc.; Credit hloilier, 1,481'. 1,470£ 1,4G0.; DiscouLnt Bank, 697£. 50c.; Piedmonte- Five per Cents., 90f.; llomat.s, 87f.; Spanishi Deferred Converted Debt, 23.1,; ditto, Three per Cents., 44 44A; ditto, Interior, h74 A i;; futch Two-and-a-Half -per Canis., Fr., 62-. Exchange on London. at sight, money, 25f. 27jc., three mouths, money, 25f. 2&c. AUSTRIA. (FROa OUR OWNi COMaPONsIr.) VIENPNA, JULY 18. This Govemment is at great pains to keep the world in ignorance of what is doing on the Neapolitan and Roman questions, but the following information relative to the former may be relied upon. About a wreek since Prince Petrullla, the' Neapolitan Minister at this Court, informed Count' Biiol that his Government did not consider the pre- sent a fittingy moment for those adm3inistrative and: judicial l eforms which the Imperial Cabinet seemed to consider necessary for the pacification of lNaples and Itsiy. The NYeapolitan diplomatist, whlo spoke in the name of Don Luigi Caraffa, the BMnister for Fo-'. reign Affairs, complained of the behaviour of Englaind ankd France, and even hinted that the latter had' some knowledge of the agitation wlhich was going on3 in favour of the family of SMurat. In short, the ~Neapolitan Governmnent politely refused to listen' to the advice of Austria. A day or two after the abovementioned interview (probably on the 13th)' Count 3Buol forvrarded another note to the Neapolitan Govermnment, in which the necessity for some kind of concession to the Western Powers was again urged. -If information acquired at a respectable' source be correct, it has been suggested thatit -would harIdly fail to produce a favounrableimpression in the West if an amnesty w.ere granted,:w and Prince Satriano made Minister of the Interior; but the King of Naples bears such a high character' for obst-inacy, that no one here believes he 'wll! voluhtetrily consent to do anything that is required o f him. General Filangieri hais recently inspected the Caliabrian eoast, and it is said that it is 'to bs strongly fortified. Officers of Engineers are actively, employed on the frontiers of Rome and Naples, aidfortificatiols are now being constructed at a towr called Sora, which is in the mnountains betweetiAbrtxzzo and the Terra di Lavoro. It is rumoured that the secret agents of theNeapolitan Governmnet are again distributin- arms among the L-azza: roni. 'When the King of Taples and the Pope met atPorto d'Ansio the latter recommended modera:I tion andelemency, but the counsel of His 1olinAess produced little. effect on a monarch whoaeehoed -and. heart are probably equally hard. Before the fer-~ meDt ini Italy beganu the army under the coimaincld -of Marshal .Radetzky was about 90,000 stros&, but within the last eight' or ten weeks it has reltve such powerful reinforcements that -it now consists of 115,000 or 120,000 men. As thetroop3 in Italy are all .paid in' zfranzigers, the premniumi on silver c,au hardly fail to rise Advices have beeni received from' Wallachia that the Tuildih tgoops have alredy retired from that Principality, and iiifinatil?n hs to day reached me tb'at the Aust'ians 'wil have ev'acuated both -Moldavia and W_alachia within a fortnight- 'orfthrc6 weeks.' . .'- The nrews of -what h occurred in Spain haw pro, duceda reatiipression in this city,as it haslix n observed that v,oltittetdisturbanc'es in'thst ciintry n ,ar4ge,neally, ;isly 'followed 'by similar events in - ;Italy .-. : , . .: -, -...; It cuse3d csomething very likc a ,pasc, on: 'Change, yesterday, ut the nerves o the wisie" werea rifle' gini in' thea eyen,'and there Was - atight:.mii rote n iall-. dnds of stock,4 ' '' eat' chabiies.ie 4bout to be madeiki tge Finane ,D artpnta, :2- ew chiefs of. nectons Wil be,aonoint&r an&seveal. worn out,ol, Morectly spiaThg, ini apabT Ai3'c Councillors shelved The F,inance .Dep;aWrl'entii4 hail ways 1ieen looked csn as; a ki'nd' of- .&tian'stible; and it appears that Baron Bruc' har undertaken the tas3 of.cleansing it. AU-..the -pdrson vhdnm he, EmPOror,g;rxted afllpardon onthe, 12thbave been set at liberty. The prospetus of the :%tern or Francix Joseph's Railroa hasjut apEpeareL. Thee axre 38 founders, sonie oif the *rmi *cf areo e Princes Piu1 Esterhazy inb. idBatthyani, Counts Edmund Zilhy, GeorgerAppony, Charles Apony, George Cazbly, Augustu- .Frtetics, George Festetics,-Joni Waldate i, 'Domilic -.Zichy, Alexander Erdody, and llenry Zichy. The 1other founders, belong to the financial world, and sdme of ,tho best-knowii names are those6of Mesrs Sit, Astein and Eikelles, and 3UXiic de Wodianer, Ernest Andr,i Emile and Ic. PereireW,BenJicb Fould,'de Morny, SeilliMre; Thurneyssen. 1rh!tcapital is ]Q,00,0., represeted by 300,000sbares at Of., or 201. each. The State guarantes lb per cert. intrest and 2j per cent. as a alnkin- flud. .'The- first instalment i1S 150f. per share. : The bases of the concesmion are :-Ist, the line is to be, double, but the secovnd line of rails is not to be laid until fte receipts exceed S0,OOf. per kilometre, 2d,.the line to bho cDmpletedwithig lyears: 8d, the concession. IS for 90 years from January 1ste 1862; 4th, wthe Government has not the right of purchiase until after 40 years have passed. :The tarief is -the; same as that of the Austro-Fren b.Company. During 10 years all thie requisest for the- railroad, such as rails, en3gines, Fe., wvill have, to pay but one-half of the usual duty. T'he essence cf the statut3 of the ccmpany is-1. The- caipital of 150,000,000 francs : can, in case of need, be raised to 300,000,000 by the issue of new Shares ox. by means of bo9nds. 2.- The Administrative Council is- composed of 15 members, - four of .whom -are Hungarians, eight natives of the other provinces of Austria, and th.ree foreigners. 3. The allowiance made to the Adininistrative Council for it3 services will be 3 per crant. of i the real profits. Tlie interest and dividends on the Shares will be payable in Vienna, where the general issembly wrill be held. Foreign ahareholders can be g represented by other persons " who are members of the assembly." * The interest of 5 per cent. sill be paid Ollt of the capital while the railroad is being constructed. PRUSSIA. * soAi oan. OWN -coxnRRociPMqT.) BERLIN, Jury 20. ror another fortnight, until the King and Queen return hither, this placei must remain the desert that it is-desert in every respect, except that houses and trees are to be found here reposing list]essly on the sandy plain of the Mark of Brandenburg. It will not be till about the 3d or 4th of next montlh that the King and Queen will return to Potsdam. All the accounts that reach us from M4arienbad, where the King is staying, and Tdplitz, where the Queen is, unite in describing the advantaae as very great which the Roval couple are dersving from the waters. The king more particularly, who is perfectly in his element in the easy Uilafected style of life that prevails at the less frequented bathls, more particularly of Bohemia, seems to be making numerous conquests of the hearts of those who come wvithin the range of his personal influence. Freedom from the cares of Government and romn the constanatly pressingnecessity of keeping the different parties and tendencies at the Court in undisturbed! equilibriun, which is the ruling principle of His Majesty's ideas of kingcraft, leaves the extreme kindliness of his disposition and his great intellectual treasures full leisure for development, while the absence of Court ceremonial leaves him a wlidlar scope for this exhibition than the formalities that surround a kinii in his own dominions will admit of. Almostinhmediately after the ieturn of tbe KingandQueen the Empress Mlother of Russia willreturn to. Pots-lan from Wildbad, and after a rest there of a fewv days will proceed on her journcy back to St. Petersburg. It may be expected that on this occaion she will return by sea, for the voyage would certainly be infinitely less trying to any one in delicate health than travelling over the most wretchedly bad roads. The iEmpress Mother will be accompanied on her return, not by the Prince of Prussia, as was at first proposed, but by his SOnI, Frine Friedrich Wilhelm. the brsidegroom elect of t'ne PrincessRoyal, and he will proceed subsequently to Mosecow,x and represent the Royal family of Prus.ia at the Imperial coronation. The 1'rince and Princess of Prussia, with their daughter the Princess Louise, will spend a few weeks at Ostend. on leaving England, so that they will hardly return here before the end of August; the marriage of the young Princess is fixed to take plaoe on the 20th of the following month. According to very recent adivices from St. Peters- burg, the E3mperor will not leave that capital until he proceeds to MIoscow to be crowned; the reigning Empress-has already returned there, after havingi accompanied her children on a journey round the CO.lSt of the Gulf of Finland.| The Mlinister President, Baron von Mlanteuffel rettuxned last Friday from his sea bathing ex, cursion to Schevening, but after- a day's pause here proceeded to his estate in Lower Lusatia. Daron von Budberg, who was absent from here, and occupied with family business in Courland incidental to the recent death of his mother, has received inistructions to return to Berlin as early as ossible, to present his letters of recall, and proceed without delaiy to his new appointmuent at Vrienna. This arrangement is doubtless a re.sut of the recent appointment of:M\. de ]Kisseleff to the, post at Paris, which sets Baron Branow at liberty to repair here. T'e Marquis de Moustier, the French lllinister, left the day before yesterday for Paris on leave of absence. The steam liner Cressy, which conveyed the suite cf Lord Wodehouse to St. Petersburg, returned to Isiel harbour on the morning of the 17th inst., and left there again on the followhing evening. ITALY. (rnOMr 0n oV, connns,osmnwr.) TURIN, JuIY 18. The Sardinian Government has this morning received an official iiivitation from the Powers more imnmediately interested to send a representative to the conferences for-the adjustment of the Danubia-n ;Principalities.- This invitation of course implies that Prussia is likewise -to participate in the conferences; and, as both these Governments are known to be favouirable to the scheme of uniting Wallachia and-IMoldavia under one Government, their admission irstires a majority in the Council against keeping them separate, as advocated by Austria and Turkey, particularly sinceit has been ascettained that England has also adoptedthe same views asFrance, Russia, Frussia,andSardinia.I have notyet heardon aything like good authority whom the Sardinian Government intends'to chawge - ith thisn mission. It wil be some one in whom the Governmsent has great donicdence, no doubt, as it attaches consider-' able importance to the forthcoming negotiationus The 'Marquis: Vilamarina, the present Sardinian reprezentative at Paris, is one of those whose names bave-been mPentioned for this oice, but nothinlg is known, because n6thiiiIS settled. .A vefy curiousascene took place in the Mimnicipal Council bf *Bologna the other day, when the' subject of local charges. for:military ac comemodation came 'to be dfiscussed. Ont the sum reQuired. for thi pur pose being put to the vote, Ciunt Maasigii 'ho is a stong upholder of the Papal Govenmnent,and a personai frien,d of Pins IX, roSe and said, ,lie *ould not oppose tho vote,' but he would propoSe to the Councl that t they should- iddres the Pope-on the subject, and humbly request: that he would take measures to retnovpe th:cauje gf such 'a . burden - on ihe town." This proposition ras seconded- iminediately by'anoth4er, uipirtirof Gqvernent,Signoii 6assuols, and was carried uninisnousiy ' , Complrmentary addresses continiueto flow ini upoin M.'Cavo'tur. -Auothe'r-airived-'?Festerday from the ILombardo-Veneto, .Tbe aedredsse sayh th t,they ,have' been-late in, offieing their tfh=ks, because they bad many itupediments to contend vwith,' but thley iOt t2eless';grat,eul~,. andiow, having biiard that ithe' esey attibibted t,heir slence t'd it oP sympathythey had resolved to' break'i't,.c-c:- ' * A- telegraphic.donventtion. has 3ust beetiiagted to betweenpiaidimont d:a1sst1lita onn the same ba3ss s $thoe ,estw e eethis. cuntry and rnce, Bo ,'O. ofhe Sardii"1- 'Wiral1 ti6: {e 'm Ongi t tig ih'econa categr 'of lhe on t1ingent-o- teltlevy (i. e., jeeoD ainof 41834' are oaetedEd 'to i present themash'at -the ,aatioei indiate& in Thaer,fapetlv* distict onthe (15th_ o August aeYst or .drll, thereto remain 40 . days: None ire < be exemPted Slix tb-.i c4 exoepRt-~ ' 0t -Mot urgent rowsds - nic certifit nmuit be zenewed ege 1S di&y- Those vlrh abent the eves witlmotSpeeiniuon fwill be arreted ansiatreatd vudeserter.n.. ,w!. NAPLES, ,, es , li owr 00 OX.CSO ZNDzw.) r > PIxa;S 1Jl iT. : waples, yc'terday smiledsupon by-it Sovereig. Ioreditedi -at,thntil hchother -greati fdt day cane ound we hould notbThcnoured by the ,soal poaence, .and, it- equired in faet sthee pesuasions of 1fidofia dergCanzsenYti in'due- thet Kin"to show himself -to liiz am.lisrfrfm Aeidnia. Xn twelve c-ags 'with six horses the Boyalfamily were hcondcured t the church there tSis Mmdonna de-lighteth 'to dwell. Ther as the same pomp dbeervJ as on a State occasion, and nso sooner was hBehomagepaid than ThsMajest again withdrewv to his sechiiosi, rejoicing in-the swee& conmcioiiness of -avisg'gained yet incrbased interet in the favour of hi- heavenly F?rotectrs A' remarkable and happ>y church is that'of: 'the Carmine, Imay observe enL peaan?t f9r, besides thisionderful statue of the ,1adonna, it possesses a most rniraculous image of Chit, 'whose hairii said to grow so raspidly that the municipality of Naples sre compelled 'to aiiiit once a-year'to-perfor he operation of cutting it. I could not, however, resist my desire to show how. many claimns on the attention of the devout has that chlrch 'which Ei MIajesty of Naple came from Gaeta to visit. A very different fact, and one perhaps of not much less importance, is the extensire circulation throughout the -capital and the provinces of a proclamation frowm the Liberal party. it is addressed to " the Neapolitwts," and runs thus "Your craol, painful, and protracted sufferings have been supported with so. much dignity as to have awakened the compassion of tIhe diplomacy of Europe. Yet, comprativny spealing, it Imows and can know but an infrinitely sntll portion of what you suffer. - Now that a propitioas breeze begins to inspire us with the hope that the-tr;inph of justice and equity is not fvr distant; now that by -isible signs, by the dishonour of the people confided to them, the hand of God weighs heavily on perjured Admistrationg, we turn to you with that serenity of mind which has never deserted us amid the vicissitudes of fortune, or amidatae rule of passtons hosie to the most holy principles. The time, perhaps, is not far distant when this your country will become the theatre of new events; await them with that same dignified and noble calmness, of which up to the present momient you have given so many splendid proofs. Whenyour position shall be changed, show youmselves to be not like slaves who have broken their chxins, but free men iho feelallthevalneof theirliberty, who have aconsciousness 6f their rights, who desire the reign of legality and justice, snd do not madlv riot in the regions of Utopia; and amid vain -delusions do not conceal from yourselves one even of your past errors, and in not concealing them you 'will give the suarest pledge tht they will not be reneweed. Be united in the one desire for a constitut-ional legality and for an admi7 nistration which will ranintain it intact and inviolate. RespecA the rights ofall. e not umjust towards those who have preserved their devotion amid the duties of military discipline, who no less thau you have execrated umiversal injustice, and who for so many reasons deserve your affection and esteem. The bohour of our commLon country is specially confided to their hands, and under a juster and more enlighteried Government they, the rivals of their compauions in arms in Piedmont, who have gained for the Italian cause the sympatbies of Europe, will notehrink froml preserving it uncontaminated against theambition of foreign arms. Concord andtranquillity-these we shall never cease to recommendto you; and leave to youlrenemies the remorse of having trampled on the work of God, and that vindic tive fury vhich is the surest indication of their own weakness. Thus only can we assert that God 'will be with us znd hope for the triumph of a cause which is undoubtedly the most holy and the mnost just." The first thing which strikes us7 on reading this proclamaition is the temperate spirit in which it is written. Then we perceive that the end and object of the project or wish is the constitution bymnoral means, ifpossible. This itis whichis felt to be the only gugarantee of liberty; all else, without it, is of no value; and this, urdess it be guaranteed by foreign Governments, is not to be accepted. The address of MIanin appears to be reproduced in this one of the Neapolitans, and it augurs well for the fortunes of the Liberal cause that its advocates are more disposed. to trust to the efficiency of means of which all good and prudenlt men can approve. A few days since the inauguration of the portion of the Naples and Palermo Electric Telegraph line which extends to Eboli took place. It is expected that the entire line will be completed in six months. The nrincipal stations will be at Naples, Eboli, Cosenza, Reggio, Mlessina, and Palernio. Signor Pellegrno is the acting engineer. Another line, too, has been completed from Naples to Castellamare, with a branch to "Quli si Sana," the lRoyal residence. -It is to be opened to the public as soon as the usual religious observances sball have leen performed. The superior and directing engineer of electric telegraphs is 3I. G. de Ronnani. I have on several occasions alluded to the differential duties, which pressed so heavily and so unjustly on British commerce. I am glad now to report that they have just been removed. An application on the question was made to Sir WTilliam Temple on the 21st of last month, whiich has been made the subject of a coinmuuication to Signor Caraffa, Miaister for Foreign Affairs, on the 20th uLt. An answer was returned on the 12th inst., not only granting the request, but promising to refmnd the entire duties which had been paid under protest. WVho will get them-the British owners of vessels, or the foreign merchants, who chartered them ? Another question has arisen as to the boon granted by this Government. We might have had it two years ago for the nsking. It could not and would not-have been refused. SPAR\'. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 17th inst. The disarmament of the National Guard was proceeding actively, upwards of 15,000 muskets having been already surrendered. General Espartero 'was said to have retired to the English Embassy. MM.L Patricio, Escosum> Pasoaal Mados, Sagnsta, Calvo Asencio, and other depouties, wthoheaded the battalions of the N=ational Guard during their resistance, had absconded. GeneralsZabala, Serrano, Bedoya, Iriare, Ametler, validez, and several others, who were then at MIadrid, had not offered their services to the Queen, 'but it, 'does not appear that they toolk part with the insurgents. LGeneral Serrano Dominguez had been appointed Captain-General of Madrid, and General Mianuel de la Concha Governor of the Palace. General Falcon, Captain-General of Arragon, who 4oined in the pronunciamiento of the troops,theNa:tional Guard, -and, the population of Sanagos3s arginst -the presentGovernment, vas struck oIf the list of the ainy mjb'clecree of the Queeni. 'He wi3, more6ver, to be tried by court-martial, as well aS alvl he other Generals, superior'offiers, and officers of the army who remained at Madrid during the laid events. 'Among them figured Brigadier Lujan, jxe-Minister of Public Works, and Generalzs Zabala and Santa Cruz, en-Ministers of Foreign Asirs and Miarine. General Dulce had, been appointed CaptainGeineraliof Airagon. A portion of the garrison of .Madrid' and 'the troops concentrated at Vittoria had been placed at his disposal, in order to reduce garagossa to sunbmisson. The Captains-General of Valladolid,Valencia, and Catalonia had offei:ed troops to the Government. -The imiteliigence from the provinces was satis- The general diretion .of the olonies had bee re-establishedi xnd annexed to the Winistry of Public-Woiks. The fooing jroclamationwaas sued by the new ' ~er int;on thie 15th, wliile the conflict 'was still "P ' Mad,id.-Severe, crtica, and solemn. untouidtedly; is the position in which the Goverment of He, Majesty- ddresses you, frankly and candidly. Your atti tnde hd .plae in pa inio perplerity, for, allowing your- elveto be6medetbevictmns of the evil pasions of a hand. ijofaud&Cious mein you Ihave been ltd on to conisequene, kliiclhl c niconbe of-ih o£f you omust condeum';-and ihe Ioiernment, yiildingto the imperious duty which' is ep&ouit hby pree tion ofiyour intere1,1 -your principles,._ ad your libet, findas itself- under the ne essity of di,ig..;eFeois& to' nmewn 'which are not in fino'rnsiy -rith't "stiets of- its bert. Idse h1-ifntdatbwed t for it is n Iot>a'pueile am'- liis'16j I,a tecp IAtest whLich fbtis thet iQWWIa 6. 7' '.tnuUflt*Q OCUpy |hillat P@;ti . ! . . . j . , X,e .prstO m to,_ c #ich 0atlt I - . i v :i7 iThe-prieh-ist. y - pEdiio *A ttj ui.nrof ,b - fioeeaUfle thop lg Cabin.4* e oet cki iitaaice:s P-ltfthe aa iX.6 'wt sppo4 5s. ! Qeitipboltpoti¢e.ng T 11tof |[s - t b.i'iar Pi3is> Eo f ipq.ibi ep$.n,e 'BwH;d f-ev l.botrab. i fore -:he fftsioua of --b 1 - of teaisgsa amiblyidieia WA, Wo .d ~t ash a. tuie - te eest of: eabpio'iag- laiSiL. ii 2 - 21A4t&ore nat uit __! d fimU i. ia - areper!dfter hsavngm *a aio eaj - 3 of i: 2bisiided i nri9ty, ajw -aseses. ! proplo-tig, dfli the3e unbndl.d n1' isoe :liaerv rvo1ation.n I~lp tbat -fte oen wliat the GM i!tds _ utl - your iberties and oi the printiples .ils "oh fstnimoe Iirrbltantd.-f tdrid,- re m e r of tie persnawon arebeariebgzrsinth'Naoaa Gol wreperfectlywell aware of t xi I :rt*ioYod iriwoltrad -that ibeo mueas w:rinds h fe Gov,wnrmn r at assout r empoyinure its trisafinpl. But ther, f anoUs.r trdj; still more terrible, a!- that ieF; tat. thxe.J- i'rt calamity that could oscur in ;you would fbe'your own triumph, -for it' wouldi aisredly you to the moet sanginary of atrclie. ,3pere, thfi,t- tl Go-ernment that Yevere eandiqt, .and yourislres ihat r'-s ful opprobnum. Distinguish and epart Usepetoa t of-A few sunise macontent. from. the itIlibte it l' which the Government casnot, and wallaot, ivr iterfeci AssureY that solution-s sa es one. Keep i from you those persns-whoo are ourcrimina enis wf do not ask you to .fitga. st ta;, for t besiifillcit thatyou abandon them." (Signedby the 5ve Xldnaters th'en-at Xadrid.) A dfcree of the- sanme dte, istud y Marshi' OIDonnell, forbids any one from entsg or-Iear ingthe city, and also the introductlon. of - an rop visions except by certain wates which are in joSseel sion of tle troops. The 5oir7r,w de M,arid ad&a, tS-. ) "Generals de Olano, Daice, aud S&nno hive en-- dered immense services. The courts of tbe Qaeial's Pee lace are filled with troops, ofices of every arm, aua functionaries hlasten7ng to place themselves zat the servi-e of the Government oIllarslal O'DonnelL s'enez-alConchli4 whose devotedness oi this, oocision was adniirable, coi' mands the forces charged to protec. the Palace. The leades L o} tIe outbreak abaudonedtheir men. A Oohnaraunist move asenthassbeenputdown at SevillebyGeneralA)e3on. Ths IPrenchAsiaasad or, leobad remnaine& a~this post, notwith- standing the great heat, in foresight of the grave events ' which itwas noot difficult to foresee, hasgiven orders tht ! thelzrench.hospitalof:St.Louis shorld receive any woundid persons brought there. His Excellency has not quitted the'i Queen during these last dLys of tri2L The Diplonastic Corpshave also prsceededtothe Palace to pay their respwctstofHer Majesty.". General Infante, President of the Cortes, had written to Maishal O'Donnell to inform him of the meeting of the deputies, and requesting an interviewv in orler to make knowlntheir resolutions. The Marshal sent back the folo wing reply- " Sir,-It is imposible for me to acquiesoe in the desire Which your Excellency eP resed to me in your letter or this evening, becausewasit is evident to every one, ana the Government is officiallyinformed,that there isnot at Madrid a sufficient number of deputies to constitute the Cortes., the Government of Her Majelty cannot recognize in, the. mee,ingwhich has beenheldao-*lay the legal character which your Excellency attributes to it. tt is composed of a min9_ rity of the Constituent Cortes, rzot having the liberty neces Eary for deliberation in consequence of the pressure which. may be exercised on it by the iasurrection. It is precisely for thisTreason that the nomination of the new Cabinet wa5 not communicated to the Chuimber. By a Royal decre3 decided on at a Council of Yini;ters, I give you this reply, and warn you that henceforth to letter addressed to me by you nud the other deputies in the name of the Cortes will receive any reply so long as the Cortes shall not be lkgally constituted2 "God preserve your Excellemny many years, "LEOPOLD O'DONNELL. "Madrid, July 14." The following are the terns in which the Civil Governor of Madrid announces that order is restored - "Iuhabitants of Afadrid,-In annoumciag to you that order is re-established my.duty is to address to you a wrtrd of assurance and confidence. All wvell-meaning and pWaC - able persons, without distinction of parties, will seer ivi h the msot complete protection from the Governtment. Order, tranquiUity, respect for the lavs and for tLer constituted authorities, are all that your Civil Governor expects from you; promising you, on his pert, to be constantly on the watch to prevent attacks on in_ dividual safety and every kind of ercess. The lNationat Guards may come wsith confidence and deliver up their arms. or infonn the alcaldes of the quarter wiere they iaybe found. Return to your occupations, inhabitants of Madrid, that commerce and manufactures may uot be p3ralyzedThe Government, which has been strong against ariaeds insurrection, Wa protect personal satety and interests. Assurance to this effect is given yon in the name of the Qaeen's Government by your Civil Governor, -n "MANUEL ALONZO MARTDNEZ." The Government, after the re-establishment of order, had the follow-ing notice placarded over Madrid- " The rebellion is overeome and terminated, and the Iempire of the law is re-established. Te deputation and te municipality of Madrid have been dissolved by order of thes military authority. The National Geard of the capital his also been dissolved and subjected to re-organization, wvith the exception of the tvo brave companies of that force who have remained faithful to their oath, to their Queen, and to their conntry. At this moment (16sh July, 7 o'clock in the morning) the disarmament of the Nlational Guard is in progress. The facticus muinority of tue Deputies who, the day before yesterday, held an illegal deliberation in the Palace of the Cortes, and -who, in thel morning, of yesterday, also held a sitting ater h3ving received the declaration made by the Government on the usurpation and the violence of its conduct, resolved todissolve. The internal communications of the capital hava teen re-established." The following is the text of the proclamation published at Saranossa "aInhabitants of tre Province of Saragossa,-An attemptfdisastrous to the caasa of liberty, has just been-perpotrated in the capital of the kingdom. The man wvho in 1S51 dr-tw his sword in the name of the law has now seized up.n thev government of the nation in defiance of that same law. He has not hesitated to shed the blool of the people to sab;itute his arbitraxy power for the national sovereignty. " The city of Siragossa, always heroic and the firmeest: rampart of liberty, could not remnai an indifferent spec- tator of so -nefarious an attempt. It has entered into op3enopposition sgainst the Ministry, with the lirm resolution of not laying down its arms antil it has assured the liberty Of the conutry. "Inbringingsuchlserious events andaresolutions toyoyrknowledge, the Junta of Saragossa calls upon yox to rise like one man, to rally round it, to hold younrelves ready t- resist the Government -which its absolute will endeavoram to impose upon us at the cannon's mouth. "IBut, at the samie time, the Junta, mnst recommend you. to act with the greatest moderation by avoiding everyteint' which might conmpromise the sacred cause which it cills upon you to defend. " RemLember how the enemy would make the most of the smallest excess comnmitted on our part, and how he wvonid rejoice should anarchy ariseamnong us. They would be so mauny opportunities for him to justify his intervetiuien. A" Unity and resistance to the Ministzy of the C'ount o. ILuceu,a aud we shall save liberty from the dangers whicl mienace it. men*ceit. "£ANTONIO 1FAlCON, President. ' "RE-LICJANO POLO, Vice-President. "Mauobers-:-3EAuEs. GORRIGA, JOAQUni MAantr: - Josx-CEsAo 3LUNUK., LOREEZO LAIIA. SCHI;D, .. CASDIDO CODSne, SnfOSi GIM_SO, GERO.O?inA, 3oia±o.
MONEY-MA KFIh d , T-he__ -I - I- Tc!Id '- : iyETen!ag ii The ngh 'ftids opened -tiaoriiini3ng at a de-w sL;ne of aneigbilhb, but partially &overed their tone. beflorelthe.,elose: of bubiness. -Coibls :for n were fir4% qjuoted 954 to Q,,, whenaein 'consequence of purei eront 'he part o the public, they advaniid to95$. :The latest prices,'1owever wer4 95g' for :m0ne: and 9-1 fo--: for the account. The-continued d4pression on ihe Paris Podiuie was the prini eipal cause-of the tendency. to heaviness at the coiii:mezccmen Bank Stck efto.ff ai, 216 to 217; 1Red\iced%.5 tkto 96 , New-Three per Cent.s., 'XUS "W 4, ;.Annuities, 18 3-16S.- India- Stock, 233 to -6-; Indi2bods, 21s. to 2?s.,premium; Exehel, bonds, 10'ito § ;and Ekchequer-blls, 2&S; to 24s. preIun.: 2 gorgn . iecunities experienced no inporiant fluctuation, althouog the operations wvere mord sinumerous. eineiZaeda sh6wed less firmness, the i,rgain.;in'. ti:Active having been at 34Cand 33i AiTahe acci.ruas. Turkish Six-Per: Cents., for the account, wiere negotiated at 10. auid 1041 ; .and the Sif11 at 104$~. In the Four per Cents. Quaranteea t~eiewezve~ureases. at 105k for money and -1064 tof the icecouii:_Rs_enos Ayres,. for account, 854; Granada Derfde,- 74; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 984; Sariiniaa Five per Cents., foi accGunt, 92k; Spabish Three per Cents., 44V and 4; the New Defe , for the- account, 23J, 244 24- and 234vindSpanis CZertiicates, 64and$. n e foreiga exchanges this afternoon the rates ~upon Viennaand Trieste were rather higher. WXith , e,'arc. to otlier -places there wfas no alteratioa of. nn,por*ance. - . : , Dhe final- quotations of the :rench Three per .Cents. on -the 3aris Bours this evening were 70f. V0c. for money -aud -Jf. SQc. for the end of the m zouth, showvingno recovery-from the further fall - of a quarter pe; cent, whi-ch occurred yesterday. - ' --he Bank of F-rtaco have sent circu]ars to aAllperEons who have borrowed money of them on stocks or shares eithii to repay the amount or to reduce it. - This will account for the increased depression on the Bourse. It alo strengthens the impression that the Ruk have-not made arrangements to purchase gold at a losS to the extent that was reported, but will endiaviour to fortify their position by more legitimate means. About 10,000!. of gold to-day was purchased on account of the French Criedit Mlobilier, towards Trq6iding for their speculatins in Spain, Austria, and elzewhere. A further portion also-was taken for the Bank of France, and only a very small amount was sold to the Bank of-England. - - The suspension was annouminid this mnorning, of the Hertford and Ware Bank. It was conducted by Messrs. Samuel Adams and-Co., and kr. Adams is also largely in business as a mnaltUter. The Bank was established 43 years ago, and was entitled, under the act of 1844, to issue notes to the amount of 22,6351.; but, according to the latest returns, the total in circulation is only 13,1231. Nothing has transpired with regard to the prospects of liquidation. Advices from Naples state that SirWilliam Temple had just communicated to the merchants the receipt of a note from the Minister of Foreign Affaira assuring him of " the desire of His Sicilian Majesty to meet England's wishes at all times, and that Englishl vessels shall enjoy the same privileges as Neapolitan, and those of other nations who have reciprocal treaties; also that the 10 per cent. extra duty paid ork,<vheat by English flag to France shaRl be returned if paid under protest." Xeapolit-an vessels have the same privileges in this country as English, not only with regard to indirect, but aLso intercolonial and coasting trade. It is therefore hoped that a treaty of perfect reciprocity will very soon be concluded. - The mania for establishing Cr6dit Mlobiliers in Gemmany shows no signs of subsiding. To those of Vienna, }rankfort,, Darmstadt, Leipsic, Dessau, and others, of which the shares are at premiums ranging from 10 to 90 per cent., there are now twvo additions which have just been introduced at Berlin. The! first consists of several second-rate merchants and bankers. The other, which is designated the Society of Commercial Credit, counts among its adnminstrators some of the first mercantile names in Berlin. The capital is fixed at 15,00 000 thalers (or 2,250,0001.), of which the directors ta-e 7,500,000 thalers at par, while the remainder are to be sold at a premnium, which is to be carried to the credit of the company. UJpon a subscript-ion being opened for a portion of the amount at l0 premium applications were sent in to the extent of 140,000,000 thalers. The eagerness to obtain shares is attributable to the fact of the company having at its head commercial men -who have alwvays been known to be successfuL The - managers reserve to themselves 5 per cent. out of theprofits, and the directors are to have 6 per cent. before any distribution whatever is made to the sharehoIders. The shares are of 200 thalers each, and are already in great demand at 17 per cent. premium. The bar silver brought by the last West India packet has been sold to-day at 614d. per ounce being the same price as that for the previous arrival. The commercial advices from NewYork to-day confirm the anticipations of arise in the stockmarket consequent upon the settlement of the Crampton difficulty. Several descriptions had experienced an advance of 2 or 3 per cent. Erie was quoted 634; Reading, 93; Panama, 101; and Illinois Central Bonds, 91. The rate of exchange was still firm, and shipments of gold to this country are likely to be made on their present scale up to next month. The decision of the New York Court of Agppeals with regard to the non-Liability of the New Haven Railway on the stock fraudulently issued by Mr. Robert Schuyler, their president, continued to excite much attention. The case is one that should operate as a warning to purchasers of American securities on this side. The stock certificates in question were issued to the extent of 400,00i1. They were in the usual form, signed by the regular officers of the company, and had nothing about them to excite suspicion. On the companyrefusing to recognizetheman actionwas brought in the ordinary court, and a verdict given that, the fraudulent issue having been made by their proper officer, the company must respond in damages for the delinquency of their agent, such damages being fixed at the market value of the stock at the time when the certificates were taken. This decision has now been reversed in the Court of Appeals, on the extraordinary ground that the company having already issued their legal amount of capital could not legalize the over-issue, and consequently that, the certificates being void under all circumstances, no one could claim damages for a refusal to recognize them. TInder these circumstances the parties interested intend to carry the case before the Supreme Court at Washington, but meanwhile every possessor of American certificates must bear in mind that, even although these documnents may carry the signature of every duly. appointed officer engaged in the undertaking, they constitite no valid security in case those officers should designedly or involuntarily have lent themselves to any fraud. Caution should also be excited by - the circumstance that a leading company can be found with the concurrence of its shareholders wilng, to take advantage of such a plea. Look-ing at the character of the entire transaction, it is satisfactor to contemplate the fact that when a similar stat7o of affairs occurred in the Royal Swedish Railway, throuagh the misdeeds of Sadleir, not a single shareholder was found to offer a proposition to evade responsibility by this means. The Committee of Spanish-American Bondholdera have transmitted the copy of a document, too longe for insertion, adlressed by their agent at Bog,ta ihe Govrnment of NTew Granada. Its object is to demand the strict fulfilment of the agreement of the 15th of January, 1845, assigning to the creditors of the Republic the tobacco duty and half the Customs. ~. correspondent suggests that, as the merchants connected with the Cape of G ood Hope are anxiolls to write by the steamers shortly about to leave with troops, some special intimation from the Post-office cf the period when they are likely to atart w6uld be serviceable. The week:ly reviews frome the Amsterdam and -. Rotterdam ptoduce-markets stats- that business was ratherlessactive. Insugar and coffee, the opera- * tions beiisg principaly for consumption, there was -littvle aylteration. Purchases of rice had incireaSed, and uotations in some cases wererather firmer 'The leetters; fro Rouaen mention that the market for manufactures was well supported, the attendance of buyers having inreased. - At the an-ual meeting of the CommercialBauk held to-day, Mr. MIark Hunter presidig, the divi- dead declared was at the rate of 7 per cent, for th half-year, with a bonus of 4 per cent., m=Ain g alTto gether a distribution of 11 per cent. for the year, Iie:.6f-.imetaxA,; anid the report: andr acounts Ue m unoualyadopted. It w;zstated-that theprogres of buinee is .atia t6ry, and that'es- iauuts-and deposits are gradually increming : fwithstandin ,the existenoe_bf gctive ptmptionl, througli the brganization,, of rner- -banks- uid rthe: 'pening bof Lol4oin agentcies by-6ome ofthe- Eternl .banks, tie ptofs for t6 1p* 12. months hae en-~ .abled the diM=tos t6 anigmenitthe-didend.1ji. -cent. Thc - following. ia n abstract zk tie -report:..: . .- -...,, -- - "The liance-sheet for the poas year exhibits a net oft of 38,976C. br the year en4ithe 30th of Jpn6, iftsi edndingthecu'rr e -t3pepejs,andig ovisioh for bsdand, do'-btful debtb. -The directorshyve determined to -decLaren;dividend itthie xatiof 7T. per cent.- iirainumfor the past half-year, ..ntto*xdd ahoalusef 41;er cent;, maldng .igcther. ll. per cent. -for thbe4holi yeai.. free from income-, taL There irilnei.in a b6fance of 1,1754 to be ceied to -thie eservefund, which will- the n, with die interest for, tbe lastyear~a mostto 7O,821t..- - " "B1NCSHE TO .TEE 3OrE OF JUNZ £Ld. Gapital absuibed £i,3CO,ZOC. . 0- . Capitasl paldui... * ..f..f i-. . SlCWO -G:aeefund in,eted int Gvenunent cecunitiee -. 69 64ai 1 naianccs das tohs custonsersorsXe bant ' .. . .. 1S36 36,1 6 9 Balance carred domn £trdeducing-.'od afnd doulbt - : fn ales, eincome-tx, ad s3lEcbta.gr and coarrent ts5 .. ,. >.. .. .. .~. .. 35,975 15 ' i,9E982 i3 9 Cahhnbhd,GovermentcmaSi'eN adludixabonds 44 12- BsdLeemted,10os n .. ., ..;, .. 1,493242 13 7 - . . , 44,51D3 S . DividetsczttierateoI:7 per cent. per annum, for the half-.yea ending the 31st of December, l555. sirendi prid ...... .. . . . ....... .. Ie465 0 o o Dividend at se rate efT0 pr ceat. per anwnu, for- A se If-mearetding-sef -the Junet. .. 10,500 Mt 0 Banugofn4ptrceny erperrannum, ... ... .. . 12,COO'.0 Be,bte ot interest on cupretsbe au carieditoproSt tw theaneacessayntep *i th ,capii 0 9 Balancecarioed taste guiranteto unda byth asin sta fnndSl,8,21 Sr. 3 d.. .. ...... 1 75 14. 9 . ' :£3S~~~~~~~,975 152 Bal00ce adodgtiown . CR- . each ,965015 i6 A iueetpigj I fw the. p nitdyth Joint Stork Mtaatubl Banking Compan;y took place +odr.y, whien resoln-: tions were passed authorbixng the dipetors to tike. theinecessary rsteps for tincreing the capialas ocasion ayequire to 200,0001. by the issne of 17',000 additional shares' oE 1001. each, 501. to be' paid up. It was eplainednthat not more than about one-third os the share's wilibe issued for the pre-. sent, as the capital will be created only as the wincreasing business o£ the company may zequire ore e3tablishment of brtniches may present prospectf of: success. 'The first issue 'will' be limited to 3,000, to. be. dividedpr-o res among the existing shabholders.r' Objections were raised to the establismiaent of numerons branches, but it was intimated that if-ay, when started, shall not prove remunerative they will bee inmmediately closed. When the prospedtus of the Unity Bank was ed in April last year a doubt was expressed whetherits proposal for an equal division of profits between shareholders and customers could be caried out without-rendering the latter equally liable 'with the shareholders for all thie debts of the concern. Subsequently, however, a statement was put forth that an unanimous opinion had been obtained from Sir Richard Bethell and Messrs. Willes and Cooper that it would not have that result. Owing to the important bearing of the matter on the questioa of }imited liability, some reference was recently made to it in the fouse of Commons, and the case and opinions in the form in which they were laid before the hoard of Trade, wvere ordered to be printed on the motion of I-r. Lowe. These have to-4ay madetheirappearance as a Parliamentary paper, and are to the effect that " the receipt by a customer in the manner proposed, of annual or half-yearly interest on his m-ninrnum or other balances for the preceding year, will not render such customer either directly or indirectly liable as a partner of the Bank." At the Royal British Bank to-day General Aitcheson, Mr. George Gillolt (of the fim of Gillott and Htasell), and Mr. Isaiah Butt were appointed directors. 3r. Cameron, having retired from the office of general manager on account of ill health, has been succeeded by M. Thllomas Craufurd.
TRADE REPORT. Tuesday Evening. SUGAP.-Although the public sales were extremely modesate to-day, there was scarcely any demand, and nearly the whole quantity put up was withdrawn. We quote *rices 6d. per cwt. cheaper than Friday. The following are the particulars:-1,460bags of Benares, good middling to geod white, 48s. to 5Os.; 1,430 bags of native Madras, brown, 40s. to 41& ; yellow, 42s. to 44s.; 25S hhds. of West India have been sold'; some rumour ot a floating cargo having been sold, srpposed to be Bahia. CoFFZZ-The auctions to-dav included 3,696 bags of Costa Rica, the first of the season, and vhich attracted a gemd attendance. The market having for some time been barely supplied with low ptriced coffees, there was considerable competition for these sorts among the home trade, sand the whole brought forward found buyers at full rates compared with othe4coffees-viz., 6Ts. 63d. to 59,. 6d. for palish mixed to fine fine ordinary; 6s. to 65s. for low rl,iddling coloury mixed to wel-made bineish and good and fine, 68sla. to 75ls. The bulk of the remainder of the receDt azzivals are advertised for sale this week. 93 casks 115 bags of plantation Ceylon cold steadily at 61s. 6d. to 63s. for fine fine ordinary to low middling bold, and 230 p ckages of Mocha chiefly at 74s. 6d. to 75s. per cwt. Ricz-614 bags of Bengal, chiefly damaged, brought fair prices. The private market is very inanimate, and the only transaction on the spot to-day comprises 3,500 bags low Madras, at 9s. perowt. For floatingcargoes of Arracan there is irquiry at 10s. 6d. per cwt., and on Saturday one of 500 tins was sold for a near port, at 10s. 6d. SALTPETRE.-The market has become dull, and 1,500 begs 41 per cent. refraction, at auction to-day were withdrawn at 34s. Privately a smaU parcel of 3j to 21 per cent. is reported sold a' 33s. to 33s. 6d. CocHNEA.-271 bags Honduras in auction partly sold at very full prices; 215 bags silver small f good, S3s. 8d. co 4s. -d. per lb.; and 56 bags of black, ssmall sheily and bold pasty grain, 3s. 10c'. tos6s. (3d. per lb. TAI.Lowar.-There has been very little business done today in tallow; o2s. is the quotation on the spot, and 49s. for the last three months. JLATHER ±-N- HIzs.-The supply of fresh leatherat Leadenhall to-day was short. An active demand prevailed for nearly aU descriptions of goods, and m some instances at a further improvement upon last week's quotations. There was a brisk inquiry for crops of allaverages, with an msufflcient supply. Shaved and common hides readily found buyers, and light butts and skins also realized full prices; offal contined in good request, at Ad. per lb. advance. The raw hide-market was rathcr flai CANVASS.-The lords Commnissioners of the Admiralty have this day accepted the tenders of Messrs. Baxter, Dundee. and Messrs. S. Whetham and Sons, Gracechureh-street and Bridport, for the supply of 20,000 belts of canvass,
STATE OF TRADE, MANCHESTER, JULY 22. There has not been much business; tse accoumts from India, which were expected to improve the market, hlwving created disappointment. Manufacturers and spinners have still employment on unfinished orders, anid are not pressing for new business, consequently they maintain a firm attitude towards buyers, and there is no change in prices. 'The market is not so inactive, however, as at the close of last week, and, asregards the home trade, a rnore cheerful feel ing prevaiis in the anticipaMon of a better cf trade. Bol.h in cloth ard yarn prices are steady. Mlessrs. John Slagr and Co. report of the cloth market: -"We have had a qniet het steady market throughout the week, without change in prices. TAo-day there h.s bee~ a imore cheerful feeling and an improved demand, and a fair amoiunt of business has been done at very ifull rates." Messrs. G. Fr'aser, Son, and Co.,* say of the marketi generally" There is but little or no alteration to notice in tc-day's market; prices are without change, and1themarket vithout nuch animation." LEEDS, J~uLy. 22. The cloth trade is rather qtel just noir, and bsiness is scarcely so brisk as it vw as a week or two ago.. This apparent relapsing seems to be grincip^aly occaitoned by the somewhat unsettled state of the wool trnale. The price of mool having receded at.the late wool sales, the merchants are unwillig to purchase goods at the prices demae aed by the manufacturers, and conseqiuently business is checked. F A son, owecr,as things assme a mere settled is et, the cdoubt that there will be E good demand for woollen cloths. In 'he cloth-halls this mLorning a qo,ieter tone prevailed than on Saturday, and tlere was -little disposition to operate; consequently, transactioeis were only tlo alimited extent, and chiefly comprised fweeds and other l ight fabrics The report of this day's Huddersfield market is as follos-_ The price of wools having been to a certain extent settled at the recent sales, those parties who held back- in expectation of a large Yeduction in price and consequ:ent fall in cloth, have visited the market to-day, and trade is brisker. Shipping houses have bought low goods, other houses plain goods,"
THE CORN TRADE. flPTS:1VIT T .. We hihve hadr a moderate tuantity of EglAh wiheat the past week, orh. met a ady sale atAuly former rates. Good foreign inquired Barley very soaroe, and in demand. Oat met aslo sae a abut d. er uarerreduction. f lour in tenrunaptive demeand at late autos. Butter very little demad, and prices looking down. Wh\>,etaO3t.- h wvhite, per bushel, 9s. to M4 ; red, per lushet, Os Cda.z to s. to3s. 3Barley.-Grindingnnd distiling, per4tlOb., 38e to 40s Wneri.. barrel, Der 196eb., 38s. to 42,s Oate.-igglish, imPerial quarter, 24s. to SO2sT-. ; -b to, 3mb, 26s olSo; dito, lack SOsb., Os. 0.50 a3s Od"melcb, potato, 3201b., 26s. to ~.Ss.; black, 30db., 24s. to 25s. 6d. t Arrvals forthwexTeeendingJDu3l.-a1 a tforeIgn,4.490 quarters; barley, foreignS, SO 7quarters; inab. 47 qesster; Oats, foreign, 763 quarers irsh.637quaters brins foeig,. 70; fiour. foreign, itO barrels; lrisb, 42 satIre; C~Osstiast, 60racks. Aveags or hewek ndig ul 2.-Wea. 34quarter, 72s.2d, cats,720quartC8;ers, Os.10. eadDnls, iiquarers, Its ates7s LEEDS, JuLy -2. Webave had a slow trade in vwheat to.ds. 'Ame fresh qualitie3 scarcely 2maintain lest week's prices, while inferle Frie are an to 2,s per quarterlower. Ba aitesatiomin tbevalneotepringco AMIU5TVAL. Tr.- -107 r, rVr
i-- - - L W RN O ,.. - OOURT oF ~R: f~~o? " ll DtZU,CO1W ;AUKj'rrc,.. .- (B-fo - Ie iiS JurI= fA-rn ' ':A Y~aigt ae *6nfixijied-the x:e-ito h atri Tb'e Master also fo'und tA'- .the-0-Der teathr,theaeitin -emth other,=- wh' ~ ~ alc oi he luntic oI mitts. niiht be~ atliberty t6, --When the ptto j Sste oni for] hieiinj thir -oMshdihls~ ordered that it should be amende by settin g,out the PoiatC rAIaMi in theB -sPecna1 c&qase,an t'hat ti4 &poe eoumteethog, be~ 'served.' Their UIrdishi futer ived e~ba Fee Fund,inasmuch e nterets fhe inati ad her rtepathr wre dvese i th, qe.tooato beprefented fir the pinon o th Co~it h~ pincpalpoint raised by t1fe' racewasas ollws -Tb moherof~the lunatic, uoon erformer marriatook place in 17P9% wliie was under-. 21-years -of age,_ ras entitled .t9 four iond f -thoe CorpDration of Soutbamptoa undeir'the willo1f her fat'h6 in *h6ase Daime the bonds stood in ibe books 6f'th6o orporatio'n. These -were' inceluded in'the articles imade beforo and the settloniast! i-pursuance :of the saeie executeafter hes3arri,aom They wsrexaggbaidby entlorse.~ mnent to the trustees of tho,settlement. 'but.no other act was, 4l0De,by the irst husban,d,during li lifu tiaiaueUeTheih i poisealort, and -the- qluestion was *hether they theiefoi*e suvvdto the * ife, and upon lier'death to heri surviving lIsbad, the luhAfic'sst~fkther,-o6r whetherithey5rwere boundi by the mettleaentt,: and poed.to the. Iunationeap.; -yointee under the, samne.~ Other qu"otisn - were reiied on Jehalfof the steprather,- which now at the hearingwere piPoeatobewav&l yhis ounnseL . ~¶Mr A1Ns-a!1d M 'W.-, D LEwis, for the petition4 urgedthatthe (~urtmightnow eclare the.xights.of-the, jurties upon -the.petition, -and -not render it necessary to zesort,to aspecial,case. r :or(&JUStiCC KNIGHT'BRUCsZ considered the equestiolx as toD tlte bonds by mo means so clear as'had' been .ssumned ly thae connLeXfor the p,etitioner, who,unlesshe agreedlto vaivehis right, could nothe appltod xtaicommitteeo6f the :l:natic.as was ?roposedat the r. I.Lord inhs%Ioe.rUtrN--= co4rcurred, thouh, `as to the quLestion relatf to the 6pe~ratldn of th6 settlement ripon -the bOnd, hsodip th6iight the recent cases were stronigly Thefavgumeofthe petithoer.toapalrmadeiino It w-Cas tenlaoreeAt"bwuhepietitioe urtshoul remainders ol'tle day.gdrgt ndrte~eilcae n,h-a titretWigom apontd ther comitteel oftaed for tic,o the Thellaruments. ion these"r Twollrpeare fror dheiso ofhe appellant; Mr. Xalins and Mr. Bates supported the decree ol'the Court below.
BOIILS' COTrRT. CEt.&RcRYA-r TIIT 22- W-Anrn V nrThn,rn, (Before fth MAR rm? of AP RnT Tu His HONOUR gave judgment in this suit, the object of whifch was to set aside a dee of conveyance under which the testatrix in the cause had assigned over, without adeqgate consideration, certain tenements in Rlgh-street, W-incbester, to a person who was acting as her family solicitor. The testatrix, by her will, had sabsequently confirmed the conveyance, which it was alleged she had been improperly induced to make, and it was now sought by those who would have been entitled to the property if the solicitor lad not hadit tosetthedeed of conveyance aside, andhave the gift to the solicitor in the will dedlared merely fiduciary for the benefitof the testatrWis representatives. This view of the case the Court adopted. bat at the same time expressed an opinion that the solicitor had not been guilty of eny fraud in the transaction between the testatrix and himsel£ The price given for thle tenementa was inadequate, end the confirmation of the sale by the testatrix in her will wis owing to her heing under the impreessionthat it ws a fair and correct price, which it was not.
VIcE,c-CA2OEToR.np-R' (,nompiq X-,~)q TILE i?RNCE OF WATB F.B 4_WD EDUCATIONAL &9SUR- ANyCE COMPAXN V. TRTTOIC. I (Baforc Vi'ce-Chzn-cdtor Sir 1R T. Kfl'DERSLEV.1 Thlis was a demurrer to a bill, fied to restrain execution up ncertin actions brought by the defendant to recover toD BUMS of 7,OOO. and 4tOOM, upon policies effected by hixm in the office of the plaintis company, the plaintifs offering to pay into court the amount recovered in such actions, and asking canceUltion of the policies. The bill a detailed circumstances upon which to found charges against the defendants with reference to the policies effected with the nlainthffs, . Baly and ME C. T. Simpson appeared in support of the demurrer; Mr. Glasse and Er reeman in support of the bill. At the conclusion of the arguments Mls Hosour reserved his decision, and we therefore defer a full report for the present. XNNIG5eT V. ENIGHT. In this cage a person named Hannah Knight, who was the aceounting defendant in a suit at the Bolls of " Brotherton v. Knight," had been ordered to py a sum of 700L, which falling to do a sequestration had issued against her estate; and she was at present conesaled. Under these circumstances a petition was presented, asking payment of that sum to the sequestratoie appointed in the other suit, out of moneys to which Hannah Knight was entitled in this sui;, or in the alternative that a transfer of the fand in this suit; might bh made into the other suit. Mr. IOtnxiV (for Mr. Boys) appeared in support of the petition. 31r. G. W. CoLrL1'S opposed it. The VIcE-CsHA-cRLLos said he had looked into the cases witthout being able to fnd any precedent in point; but there was a case of "W ilson v. Ietcalfe," 1 Beavan, wher3 Lord Las gdaie had ordered payment by a stranger, who did not dispute the right of the party to the money; therefore by analogy this Court stood in the place of that stranger, nd not only did not dispute the right to the mnney, but had made an order recogni2ing the right to it; and, therefore, as nieither this Court nor the Rolls' Court had juaridiction to orde axny transfer from one suit to the other, a petition must be presented either to the Lords Justice s or the Lord Chancellor entitled in both suits; and his lonour wotld meantime make an order for an injunction to re' strain Hannah Knight from dealing with this money whi^-h the superior Court miight either support or discharge, according as they dealt with the casa. (Beforc 'ice-Chanccllor Sir W. P. WOOD.) ItOOEX V. LORD KrHZSLNGTON AND OTHEItS. This is a writ instituted by a mortgagee of the late Lord 1ensington to have it declared that a certain estate, called the Brom pton estate, was not included in the settlement made on the marriage of the present lord Kensington, and which settlement was prior, in point of date, to the plaintiff's mortgage; and if in the opinion of the Court the words in the settlement were safficient to include that estate, thent that the settlemeut might he reotified according to the intention (as alleged by the bill) of the late lord when he executed it-namely, that the estate in question should not be include(L The case was not concluded at the rising of the Court. Mlr. Rolt, lr. Wlloock, Mr. James, Mr. SAwavn, Mr. Cairns, Mr. Freel:ng, -Mr. SLafter, Mr. Eddis, Mr. Chapman, and Mr. Bedwell appear for the several parties.
I COURT OF BAAVKRUPTCY, Basinhhall-strAcet j 22X. IN RE BXILEY.-IN RE EVANS AND ENAILEY. (Rrfn-?,. Arr- p ? - I AI$s flG-NOUR gave Jndgment on the qesotion to whom certain property in Wood-street should pass. He said Evans had carried on bauiness in Wood-stree; for some years before 1853, but on the 5th of August in that year be executed a deed whereby he transferred tbo whole of his Woodstrett property and bnsiness to Bailey and became his salaied servant. It was, however, -greed that the business should be carried on as before under the old firm of Evans and Co., aud it was so carried on till Evans's bankruptcy. Bailey, besides carrying on. the above business by means of Evans, also carried on a distinct business as a merchant exporting to Australia. Having referred to other crcunsstances in the case, his Honour decided that the property in question wis the property of Bailey, and 3il the creditors, 'o agint e 7 of Bailey. woul7d rank Iactordingly, and Ehare 1 Anth proupnentyo hLeaiain eVgwso e In the matter of T. . Yuing, bookseler, ouldford, S Mr Chidley applied on his behalf or athird-class certilicate, whichL was granted, with the remark that the bankrunt had so disposed of his proplerty as to come to this court wlithL only Atn adjournment of the e.xamination meeting was ore'.ered in the casb of W. 0. Young, shipbroker, of Sun-court, Coraliill, Mr. Green, for the assignees, remarking that, although the aecuonts were not yet ready, the estate-showed as=ets of 40. 0001 to meet debts of 65, 0001. Charles Pawley, builder, of Stock Orchard-crescent, Ho7loway, passed his examination, opposed byZI his.lrton for credit;ors, an d unnopposed by hir. Chid leyr for the assignees. H lis accouunts show a surplus on the 1st of January, 1855, of 1,5921., and present debts 6,lQOZ., with assets of about' the sa<me amnount, snbiect to realization.
LY.SOLMTT DERTOBS' COUR, Jtuy 22. ,- 11f I DT RE ADAl. GLEN. (Refor* Afr. IFrimn T RnPTFV .kLmu nsrlwvens, rno naa ooen a Daser m regenr-s-eet, <md an hotel-keepar in Piccdilly, appeared to ILe discharged. The case was xnenlioned a lew daks? sincr -a n the occasion of an application for bail. The insolvent had been nade a bankruptp and h.s certificate refnsed, on ancount of losses by gambling. He was then arreste by a creditor, and now sought a discharge by petitioning ihis Court, aeging thns be had incarred a debt since ank- ?a7ap wiuch he was detained in custody. ; Mr.CoamisioerMusrnyrrR etained his formeropinion, that ne had no powrer to entertain the petition. The i;nsolvent maust remain in prison for 112 months, iunless the Court of Bankruaptcy ashould think fit to discharge bins earlier - Petition dismissed.
V, ? - ? 'Ohm =,I 1--l,-- -? , ll!E- f?? m 5, '4-r '-* '; 'xoxl,cntdm; --- tl- I _- g DT r - - .Z.i:t-2.' 2 - I: ~.I1e ecnmirgasie rYte:eeu7 St jL eotjia ;,ea are tobe --rie Sy' special- '-ju-i- Oa4i Orowa;" t t T - ,lbv: liefi;tconio5:3 oto'o l: th eY a e,~~~~~~~~- ,. ' lTie defendant pled alNot100lly-"id -isfistcitiion. -Mr. E. Jane Q.O., audA 3r. H;awkriuis re' afcr .the pilaintiff; -lD.-ThS>iiiF fOod ' r.* JxsisaddreeriAd bec,iyad adFthidt~he liaIt'}he honour to spe wslhhis la friemd'ia n,' the zoun1Ior tAe q.ui o;8 y,.adt ac wee brought atifr. Sunsgths. spopret-or'of theivkada Zt4es ne, ralpaper, to 07oie'dzae for a libe ;'pnblis ir -e peroli-*e'i' otprilit'. ,The.Msqhis, like ot;e eteen,* ah 'fond 'of te amruse'ment f'-hnrse zracing, an ihe wagse col' efe steads ef.the 3uckerC7lub at Newinarket. The Ju~wrr iese ,erha'i; siot 'awae'.tha -tis club wvas' comjlied o tunbr'of, ndNemen and 'genUtemen, andthat-they had ii'e cidrblover thz rcing at Newmiarket, as the greaer pafptE o,o lsich ehe races 1ook place beloned tothem, and $they. hid ,th power of maIg y regultons they 'leMed,' and movesay pereion 6ff t;he groud. :f they th'bnghts propertoD do'eo, wo;wold not compl waith -thE seuatons.. I iemw; tAprila race was un FtNemr,.a-calle;d the Burwell Stakea, and sense fethe'orses engagedis-thitace were also engabged in thtlorthoonaingl)erbyrace -atEpeom. The efforts of theshorees 'foz: this.itke . ere- f.ereforere garsled wth a good eal of inter-'in atnticipitioribft-tlt fareteve at aci the A rLi 6f An ' ey, -lrd Glirov, &a3d lord Zetiiwere te eas upon -t--o- 0r2, and in thit.pacity theyiree Ihvested -,,ith fell powers to decide any dirpa -that might '.Alie.3 It appeared that two horses,, jsmed -Sir bdend nbie, were engagyd in the raoe, ana it was obiehved: thit w%ike it ,-ti proceetiug 'Sarbsd aa'pliedacroe t'he o.therisorse. and iddenmpropecly' aocordingfoSte: iistious,f 'thie stewrards and the Jockey- Qabdb, an& ipom't of-fact, Cannoble wasftrow ot ott-da courei 6 theproceedings to which he 3-eferrea Sar.bis& camer fxt nt, accrdig to the rules, helbet the rce in n ueurof biifr having acsbdinthie zasner dcrd;, upon' complint being mnae by Lord-John Scott,' the o*Zer-of Cannobie, the matter wa investigated iy the stewaids. It appeared that Lord.Zetland was abe6nt, bnitLord Anglesey and Lord Glasgow cakled Jinthe assistance of -Admiral.Rous,which they-werenempowe'eatd do, andthoeethree gentlemen, aftek i long inqnir, andiarin. a great deal of evidence,, decided thatCainobiewas entitledtotbe stakes, on the gronnd that he bsd 'been jostled Lsad r against during the race by the other hore, Sramband TXiWag the judgment arrived at upon afull and cazeful consideration of all the facts, an in the MCn?ay Aima of the'20th of April there appeared the article ca&nplained of,-and which professed to be a comment upol that ju2gd2ent. If that comment hAd been a fair one Lord Anesey would not have taken any notice of ie, bnt it mid?o btedly was no. a fair or justiliable comment upon wrhathad takenl place; and, in point, of fact, it chard Lord Anglesey wi.th being actuated by'eorrapt cin.ve:i;in the decision he had arrived *t. tord AhgleaeyAs, he was instructed, had not even asinglebet pendiur upon the race, and he declared uponl his hononr. that; he hai no interest wshatever in The matter. To-ariy'egitisnate comments aoon his conduct he woold not for a moment havwe objected,: but whenhe rwa chared withbemng ctnafed by corrnptmotives Iin giving his judgment, as asbsewad of i3he races he fedt-that |it was iinpsaib1e to pass over snch~a charge, and un3der the advice of uuscseltbisaetion had been brought. He- did not at all deire to impute to Mr. Smith that he had been actuated byr any feeling''of malice; he had probably been, misled by some correspondent at i'ewmar'set, Ibut in Law he was responsible. The defendant [ had pleaded a justificationasnd'had sng.gested Tht' the iqi referred to had taken place at The instisration oE the Mlarquis of Anglecey, bnt he believed that his learned friend lar. Lush, who appeared for the defendant5 was instructed to withdraw the plea of justfaicati.on, ard if this were done, and a suitable apology 3nade, he-ws in,structed to consent to a*vwerdics with zierely nomrinal Idamages, as the sole object of the noble Marquis wras to vindicate his character.; Mr Loan said he appeare on behi2lf of the defenat, MTr. Smnith, aund las learnued friend ws qultcdght inst*ting that he was, not accosted by any ma'icious or imptroper fteeling, and that at the time the s.ticle in quzestion was inserted he believed what wvas stated in it to be true. Tlhe statement was supplied by a corresp)ondent on whore ;vord he had been. in the hab}t of ringD, and before hi land 5any opporunity of making inquiry the plca of justHication was placed upon the reoord. Since then, howrever; he had instituted the necessary inquiries, and the result was that he was now perfectly satisfied that there was not t3e'least foundation for the insinuation against the character of the Marquis, anclhe -was therefore intrusted k -.,t1drav the plea of justification, and to apologise en the part of the defendant for inserting the article in -question, and-he ^would consent to a 'verdict that would carry wsots. Isis. JAasgsaidthat by thiscourse the objectof theucbion 'was entirely satisfied. -' A verdict was thien taken for the pi'ntifF, with 5 gieas damnages. BOWSEgR V. SMIH This ws an action to recover damages for aLn illegal dlistress. 3Ir. Bovili, Q. C., and 3Mr. C. Po'lloclk were for the plain. tiff; and Mr. G. Demnran and Mfr. Cbitty for the defendant. -The ulainti;ff, it appeared, was a 'widow, who had for- merl occpieda respectable position in lifis, balt at the death of her husband she was left v.ith har-dly any resources, and 'with a family cf si; children dependent upon her. The defendant was a sheriffs officer, brok-er, and anctioneer, and the action wa&s brought against him to recover damages f or his having illegally seized and sold a quantity of furniture belonging to the plaintif. It appeared that Mr.Boweer, upon the death of h,er husband, endeavouredto obtain aLivelihood by k;eepin a lodgiughonse, and she occupied a*house on Albert-terr.ace, Gravesend, which she used for t.hat purpose; and it seemned' that at Christmas, 1855, she was in arrear for rent to the amount of 25C. Finding herself in this difficulty, it appeared that she proceeded to Lonldon in order-to - endeavour to obtein some assistance from her friends; and on her departure from (Iravesend she locked'no her house aud tbefurmiturecontaanedinit. Yery soon aftihehad leftituappes red t,hat the defendant and another man, named Stedman obtained admission to the house by placing a ladder against one of thewindows, and so gettingim; sandltedmanflra made a seizure for 57. for Queens taxes, and the defendat then made another for the arrears *of rent, and placards announcing the sale wvere icomodiately issued, and on thoe four-th day af'.er the seizure, the laworequliring that five days should first ho allowed to intervene, the furniture was sold, and, according tothe case for the prosecution, this wvas done in a most reckless mau,sner, many articles that had cost a considerable sum being sold for a mere trifle; and ..t arpeared that property which 'sas represented to be fairly' worth S61. was sold for 39l. ITo distress wTarrant 'was put ,n evidence, aLnd ther-e appeared pretty good ground for supposing that the defendant had. acted. principally, upon his owvn authority, and that he and Stedman had preconcerted the plan to obtain admission to the premises, thatSi tedmuan should make the seizure ftor Qneen'w taxes, and that 'when the door wa[;s opened the defendat. should go in and seice for theo rent. An attenmpt was made on the part of the defendant to show that Stedan wras the person who hadl commsitted the. trespass, but the facts f'ailed enltirely to justify tBhe assuption. The Lolsn Cnr Benole expressed his ou,nnion that the conduct of the defendat 'was altogether illea a] End wTithout. excuse, and he said the only question was the amount of damagSes to which the plaintiff wvas entitled. The jury retcued a verdict fo_ the plaintiff-Dainages,s 1501.
VOR'ERN o C. YORM, JULY 21. M5r. Justice W lles concluaecL tile CIVu OUnSess -Co-aay_ The causes tried were without interest. Mrs Pickerimg, Q.O., at -the request of Mr. Baron Branmwel, sat in the Grand Jhry room to try prisoners and to assist in getting through-the criminal business. (Before fr. PCxXRISiG, Q.C.) 'illiam Shap and Joshua Cawthra were indicted for un. lawfully and maliciously throwing corrosive icid upon. Emanuel Bill, with intent 'o do him some grievous bodily harm, at Bowling, on the 15th of June last. J'fx. Price prosecuted, and lIr. Campbell Foster defendedthe prisoners. The prosecutor, it appeared, is a woolcomteur at Bowling, and on the 5.h of June'last, at 2 oclock, he was drinking in a publichouse l-ept by a mZan named Brooks, along -with the. two prisoners and others, and they then adjourned. to another publiehouse, calea the Hit or Miis, whero they remained drinling beer together- till 41 o'cloclk in the morning. Shortly before 4 the landlordt went to bed, and left the two mrisoners and the prosecutor up in the house. After a little time the prisoner5. preposed that they shounld go into the bir and see what they could lnd there. The door of the bar was locked and Cawthrahanded Sharp a imife to pick Thelock ith, and thenboththe prisoners entered the bar. The lrosecntor remained seated in anotJher room, and be swore - that he b3eard Sharp go out of the door of the houe and saw him. pass the windolv of the room in which he was seated. Soonafter he returnmd, and theprosectLtor then heard Sharp say - he had brouht it, andeawirasaked " sitstrongenoughl" Aye," said Shsrp, "if he drinbs, this, he will never te;l any more tales-he will be desd enorgh in the morning." Sharp lived in a cellar nnder the publichosie, anldthe suggsstior. on the parS of the prosecution was that he Bad been, to his cellar and had obtained there the liquid aibout which. he was speuking. Sharp then went intote ooin wherethe prosecutor -'aswith a pint pot in kis handcontaining D. licqud which looked like - beer, and asked the prsecutor to sup. The prosecutor declined, ana wslked Sharp andCawhra to sup. They also declined, and then Sherp pulled down the prosecutor's head, andpoured the liquid inthepint poS over the prosecltor's neck, and Cawthra rub'cd itv:it bia hands over his (prosecutor's) cheeks. - The -roseciter imnediately felt great pain, and zan out to a neighbour's, where he got some milk and rubbed it over his neck andface. Ris neck and face were severely blistered anad burnt. In a ila or two he becamxe sEol thttinedical njj were sentfor, who founa hiin in a fever, wiah-erysipelas setting in, and sloughing, the sldn-on his neck destryed, bv iome eorwsive acid, and n -eery bad -woumnd here, and ; le-waa in sucTh danger that it was deemed expedient to have theman as deDosition>taken by a magistrate. He was cordnfi in be& tbiee- week-s from' the injury On ccoss-exiaiematicn oZL behalf of the nrisoners it wm elicited that h- hid known tbe prisoners for 20 years, and had never bad; ny qnuarreL *ith themo, -reitherof.thei and that.ne bid:been drnking in their cosipanyfor 14 hours on t.hat oceasison, without any dispute or cause of anger having arsiM,. For the defencelit was soggeededthat thie prise6er irecti iito the bar to seek for ;beer,-.idod: foind a pt .wtaiaing somethinsg like beer,- which -teo pre1ablymnseioo:Soratal beeF :thath tere:wasmo eviden ce tisAShap L3b av VI riOl inbahoseis b@ wenttbebeese; -aa-sttli,,
MATLDANTD CMRCMT. NOTTINTGEA1, JULY 21. tBejore Mr. Justice sJRESSWELL ald a Cormmon .ury.) LACEY V. COOKE. This was an action of trespass for seizing the plaintiff's farming stock and implements, as well as his household furniture and effects, and advertising the same for sale, vwhereby he was prevented from carrying on his business, bin crops were damnaged, and his credit imnpaired. Mr. Melor, Q.C., and Mr. Cockle were counsel for the yliaitiff; Mr. Serjeant Hayes and Mr. Boden for the de- The plaintiff is a farmer, occupying land near East Retford, in this county, and the defendant is one of the trustees under his marriage settlement. It appeared that in 1848 he married a widow named of Hal, who waspossessed of certain farming stack, which was valued at 4001., and a sum of 2001. secured by two promissory notes. Mrs. Hal bad two children by her former husband, who were entitled to some property under the wil of her father, and upon her marriage with the plaintiff her own property was settled to her own separate use for life, and afierwards to the mse of her children by both marriages. The trustees originally appointed had alowed the plaintiff to have the use of the farming stock, but declined to let him have the 2001. ; and then a change of trustees took' place, and the defendant and another person were appointed. They allowed the plaintiff to take the whole of his wife's reparate property, upon the understanding that he was to pay interest upon the 6001., and they afterwards took from him a mortgage security upon his farming stock, implements, household farniture, and efects. By that mortgage the trustees were empowered toI dlemand payment of principal and interest at any time, and! n case of non-payment forthwith, to enter and seize the property thereby assigned and sel the same. Assuming to act under the power thereby given, the defendant, on the Jth of October last, sent an auctioneer and bailiffs with a written notice, demanding immediate payment of the 6001. and interest, and with instructions to take possession in case of non-payment. Those instructions were carried out, and advertisements of a sale posted about the neighbourhood. The plaintiff at once consalted his attorney, and upon application to a learned judge in London an injunction was issued to stop the rale. After keeping possession for five days, the defendant wita.drew, but m the meantime the plaintiff stated that he had been stopped from carrying his crops of beans and tares, which were damaged by rain ; and his credit had been injured, as he alleged. by the appearance of the placards. The defendant's co-trusiee had not given any authority ior these proceedings against the plaintiff, and the defendant therefore could not just.fy his conduct under the power contained in the bil of sale; hut he eaUed witnesses for the purpose of showing that the plaintiff had sustained no substantial damage, and that he (the defendant) had only done what he thoug,ht necessary for the purpose of protecting the treast estate- The defendant had paid 40s. into court, but' in the end the jury found a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 201. The whole business of these assizes was concluded in one day.
OX-FORD CIRCUIT. _ STAFFORD, TUEsDiY, JULY 22. Lae crves cunness assizes was ronglit to an unexpected close this day, before S o'clock. It was at one time expected that ft would last throughout the whole of to-morrow (Wednesday), which is commission day at Shrewsbury; and gloomy expressions began to he uttered by the learned andges as to how it would he possible to get throuh the wvork. But we have often observed that nothing tends more to expedite business at the assixs than the near aniproach of comofsio-day in the next town. A deighful smurt of conciliation then seemns to take possession of everybody, from the highest to the lowest, and under this genial infuence we believe it w;AS that the civil business of the asaizeahad ailmelted down before 3 'clock this day. "Nonst," "referenceU," "withdrawng the record" (the three cardinal virtues of agisi P-is) 2 ll attended, and lent their id-eand thus it has come to pass that, beyond asl hopte the learned judges and the bar will he enabled to enjoy a " whole holyday." We need not say that this will be no unwelcome wind-up to a week of about 10 hours' daily work in the heat and foul air of the Stafford courts. CRmrsAL COURT.-(BefOre ilk. Justice WIGnn; sus.) oilliam Tuckley, aged 21, e.ngineer, and Henry Smith, agedl19,engineer, were charged with the manslaulghter of wdmund Hiarris, on the 28th of April last, at Bilaston. Mr. 3. Cook Evans and Mr. S. Hill appeared for the prosecution; and fr. Kenealy for the prisoners. Thepresentinquiry arose outof the explosion of a steam boiler, which took place at Msessrs. Rose and Higgins's iron works, at Ejlston, on the 28th of A pril last, when aS many as four men were killed. The engine-house WaS blown to pieces, and the boiler, which WaS strongly secured by brickwork, was torn from its seat and thrown several yards into he works. At the monment of the explosion the wholedlace ivaS filled with steam, but as soon as it bad cleared off the four men were found and attended to, but they were pl either kilted on the spot, or died soon after of the injswita teceived, In order to show the gIt of the prisoners it WaS proved that on the day n queston, Tuckley, the elder prisoner, had charge of the boiler up to 6 o'clock; and that after that time it was under the care of the younger prisoner. The explosion took place at a-cuarter to?7, and the evidence for the prosecution tended to shoxw that the accident arose from the neglgence af the prisoners to keep the boiler pronerly supplied with water. A man named Plant gave it UD at .4 o'clock to Tnckley, and at that tune it contained' water to the aepth of 3 feet 9 inches. At 6 o'clock Tuckley gave it up to the other prisoner, Smith, and accordmng to st,atements made by both the prisoners before the coroner, wvhich were nut in evidence, at 6 o'clock the boiler contained 3;feet 6 inc ies of water, R3ut several witnesses were examined, who stated when- they examinied the fire-plate the next day, it haa the appearance of having been subjected to a red hleat, which would weaken the plate and rivets, and render the tursting of the boiler probable. It appeared that about six months before tho a6cident the boiler was in .a lealqy etate, but *kaA thoroughljy repaired.. It: a ppeare -th!A - the boEter had a float' or. "gboy," to indicate the heizht ivt which the water stood, and it formerly had a whistle which performed the same office; but the latte&inArturent wna out of'ordt-and'did not &ct.;. ;At the close of thie case for the prosecution, Mr.. EVANS i answer to an appei, from the Court, sd he thught there was no -case against Tuckley. - Mr. = ALY then addressed the jury for the other pr;. soner (Smith); and the jury found him Ao' Gidklty Ifr..JustIce WIGHTMA?. said lhe thought the case was a' very propetr one for an inquiry, but he entirely approved -The piisonerseaere then both discharged. The onlvother case remaining, which was an indictment for a nuisance, was arranged; and this brought the businets of the assizes to an unerpectedly early termination at a lit'.le before 4 p.mn..
WESTERP. CIRCUIT. DORCHESTE JULY 21. . 11RDER. - CROwiV COURT.-(Befare Mir. &-jeant CHAstNmEL). Elizabeth Martha Brow.n was indicted for the wilfl murder of John Anthony Brown, her husband, at Broadwindsor, on the 6th of July. Mr. Stock and MIr. Compton were counsel for the pro-ecoution; and Mr. Edwards defended the prisoner. It appeared. that the prisoner and the deceased were formerly fellow-servants 'on a farm. An int;macy sprang up between them, and, although he wEs only 19 and the prisoner 40, they were marred about five yers ago. The deceased then became a carrier, and was, in consequence, frequently from home, and there wss reason to believe that the prisoner was jealous of her hua. band. On the 5th of July the deceased went with his horse and cart with another man, also with a horse and cart, to Beaaminster, a distance of about seven miles. On the road they saw HLazr Davis, the 'woman of whomthe prisoner was jealous, and she walked some short wav with them. They left Beaminster on their return home about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, but called at a publichouse on their road, 'where they remained drinking and playing at skittles until midnight; they then left the publchouse and proceeded onward tintil they came to a divisioa of the road, 'where tho deceased and his iriend parted, each going towards his own brome. About 2 o'clock in the morning a wom in named Xight, who lived close to the gate of the field in whicb the deceased kept his horse, heard fo,otsteps, which sho believed to be those of the deceased, going past her house. She had previously heard the gate of the field slam, and a noise as of a horse eating the grass. A hIrs. Frampton, who lived some distance off, heard screams hetween 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning, proceeding in a direction from Brown's house. Al was then quiet until. S o'clockiu themorning, when the prisoner called up a person named Damon, who lived some 130 yards off. .e imnmediately getup and went to Brown's house and in an inner room he found Brown lying on the iloor on his right side, blood was flowing freely from his head, and his hair was covered with brains and blood. He was dead. The prisoner was standing by ; he asked Tier how it happened. She said she hai heard a noise outside the house, and she opened the door, and found her husband-he was bleeding very much. He said, " The horse." She carried him along the passago throngh the shop, and into this inner rcom. Damon asked her why she did not call him before. She said her husband had hold of her dress, and she could not get away from him until he, became weak and faint, and then she pushed him back, and he fell on the ground. Damon exaamined the body, but there was no blood on the bosom of his shirt. There was no blood in the passage or in the house, except in the room where the body was lying, There was no blood in the road leading from the field, nor were there anymuarks of any struggle. The field gate was 137 yards from the house. His hat was close to the gate as if it had been placed there, and did not appear as if it had falen off. A halterwas hanging on the rail of the gate. Other persons were then called up and went to the house. The de-^eased's head was tied up vwith a hankerchief. lThe following evidence is very important. Richard William Broter.-I am a surgeon at Beaminster and have been in practice seven or eight years. I and another gentleman named Gilbert were requested to make a pos0t eswrtem examination of Brown. We did so on the Wednesday, in his house. The body was in a coffin, and was dressed for interment. There was a wound over the right eyebrow, dividing the integument, but the bone was not fractured there; that commenced at the eye, and ran up. wards and outwards. The bones of the nose were broken. There was a small wound at the root of the nose, which had driven in the inner angle of the organ. There was a wound a little above the left eyebrow, triangular, through which the bone protruded. The integumeUtwas separatedifrom the bone, leaving the triangular bone protruding. At the side of the .left eye, a little behind, was a wound running uD and down about an inch in length. The open surface of the integmment was about a quarter of an inch. Passing backwards over the head, rasther at the top of the head, there was another triangular wound, through which the bone protruded. It was about an inch at its base. It was a little bent in on one side, coming up to an angle. Behind that was a wound passing from before, backwards, nottriangular. On the top of the head there was another three-cornered wound. Quite at the back of the head there was another wound that was divided into two. The left ear was perfor-ated, and behind it a long wound divided into two. It did not gape above a quarter ofanuinch, end itwas rather more than an inch long. We removed the integument from the skull, and found the frontal bone fractured on the left side, extendin g above the midd7e of the orbit upwards and backwardsl across the parietal bone, and extending into the occipita bone from an inch to an inch and a-half. The frontal bone was separated from the parietal about half an inch. I then removed seven pieces of bone that 'were driven in on the brain, varying in sizefromabout half au inch to three inches. I then removed the brain, and at the back of the head, at the lower part of the brain, there was a large quantity of blood that hadbeeneffused. Thneplexus of thebrainwasverymuch inflamed. The forefinger of the left hand was bruised, but whether it was old or new bruise I could not say. Either of the wounds I have described would cause death. The kind I have mentioned would. The small wound a1; the root of the nose, the one behind the triangular wound, or the one behind the ear would. Such wounds would have caused a great flow of blood. Presuming the deceased to have received the injuries in the field, he could not have gone home without a considerable flowing of blood over the face and over the front of his person. I presume he could not have gone that distance without; leaving traces of blood on the road. The wound in the nose would have bled freely. Supposing he wa assisted into the house by his -wife as she stated, I should think there would be marks of blood, unless her clothes caught it. If he had received the injuries in the field, my opinion is he could not have reached his home-he mnst have been totally paralyzed. That must necessarily and immediately have beon the effeet of the injuries. I beleve there are three wounds that would incapacitate him from going that uis. tance. All the wounds being there, a person would not have been able to speak afterwards. Under the three wounds the brain was so damaged that he could not have lived afterwards. I have been in court during the triaL The deceased could not have held the prisoner as stated two hours after receiving the wounds. He rould have been dead. By the JUDGE. -There might have been a death grip, but he must have had power previously to grasp her. Examination continued.-After receiving the wound he would not have power to grasp so. The wounds were not such as would bei occasioned by the kick of a horse; one of them might have been produced by the kick of a horse, but they were not at all like what would be caused by the kick of a horse ; they were such as might have been produced by a blunt instrument, such as the back side of a hat_hot: striking sideways with the back of a hatchet would produc6 a three-cornered wound-some such as he had desaribed. Cross-examined-I have never been present when a skull was fractured- I do not know that I have ever seen wounds caused by the kick of a horse or by the back of a hatchet; a fiat iron or a poker that had an angular edge would cause such wounds; I have seen about half-a-dozen fractures of the skull; have seen a patient breathe afterwards, hut not conscious ; sometimes when there baa been a fracture of the skull persons hays lived years afterwards- The wound behind the ear I should think would cause death. The piece of bone was driven into the brain, and deceased could not have walked after receiving that. There are two other wounds that would prevent him from walldng. iltness was also examined on some extraordinary instances of recovery after the bone of the head hadbeen severely factured. Re-examined.-T looked at the horse's shoes; one was in two pieces. I come to the conclusion that they 'would not produce the wounds-certainly not. By the JUDGE.--1 believe the man was dead immediately after receiving thei wounds. Joachim Gslbelt.-I live at Beaminster. I have been in practice 32 years. In company with the last wfvitness I made a Post morste examination of Brown. I have heard his account of the weands; I agree with him, and come to the same conclusions. Cross-examined-I know there have been remarkaMble instances of portions of the substance ofithe brain having been lost, and the. person recovering, but in this case it is moraJly impossible. The temporal bone was driven in half an inch. I know there are cases in which the bone had been driven in and the person afterwards recovered. By the JuDGE--When there is a pressure of bone on the brain anda portion of thebrain escapes, it sometimes affords relief. There was one of the wounds at the top of the head in which I put my finger at least an inch. It was imPossible for this and the others to exist without a tremendous shedding of blood. Mr. EDWARDS addressed the jury on behalf of the prisoner, urging upro them that the death might have been caused by the cIr of the horse, or that some person might leave inflicted the blows, but that it was nmost improbable the wife should have done the mischief, as she depended on her husband for her living. Mr. Serjeant CnArEL having summed up, The jury retired at 6 o'clock. They were sent for at 10 o'clock, and they then said they wished to ask some questions of the medical man. , Mtr. Gilbert was sent for, and in answer lo questions put to him by the jery said that had the post smeodeme examrination taken p lace earlier the appeaances would have been the same, and. that it would have been periectly impossible for the man, after having been so dreadfully Wounded, to got into the inner room, even w;ith the eassihance of the 'wife.*- The jury upon this found the prisoner Guiily, and sentence of death was passed upon her, the JnDGZ stating that he concurred in the verdict. The court was crowded the whole day. Roy kTi Socrnrr FOp Tne PeBnVnEreoor OF C BRMTY TOA5flA2L.-Mr. Hesiry Ruresey Forster to whose.diroc. tios the active operations of this soCiety have been intrustee during the past thte years as wfithzdrawn from any further conne:non with it. Mlr. Fors',er is a candidate for the officc of chief constable cf .the county iofEiuckingham, under the provsiEons of the Police (Counties and Boronghs) Act. -
iz; ~ . :, ~. PozJrcE. : !,- 1 3iAwssioNlous.--Jame. Rnilton, e atockbroker, wfs brought before, the LORD MAyoR, -in custody. of Daniel. Forrester, the XMnsion-house officer, charged 'rith. aving "feloniously aided, abetted,- counselled, and prooured a certa woump, whose name is mikncwn, to do and commit a crtain felony by her cosumitted-tht is to SaV,. to felo niouly forge andutter a transfer of a certain share and interet in certan stock and annuities-to wit, 500O., part of a sum of 508a., 1New Th_ree per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, then transferable at the Bank of Mglind; sind which said bransfer purported to be made bh one Eliza Potts, with intent thereby to defraud the (jovernor and Company of the Bankiof England." MIr. Freshfield, solicitor to the Bank of England, ap ared for the prosecution ; Mr. Wontner 'attended on behalf of the prisoner. Mr. Fxeshfield briefly opened the case on the part of the procecution, and called - !Mr. Henry Haley, who said,-l am a clerk in the New Three per'Cent.-office.ofthe Bank of England. I know the prisoner, from his hsving transacted business at our office I produce the transfer book of the New Three per Cent. Stock. On and prior to the 20th of May lsst the sam of 5081. ls. was stending in the books of the Governor and Company, of the Bank of England, in the name of E Bliziw Potts of Great Totham, Essex, spinster." On the 20th of May last atransfer was made of 500., part of the 50.. Is., by a woman who signed in my presence the name of Eliza Potts, and she was identified by the prisoner as the owner of the stock, and he signed the transfer book in my presence, identifying ^hat womaja as Ehlia Potts. The transfer was made in the usual manner, and into theelame of " Henry Smith, of the Stock-Exchange." I have since seen a person named Eliza Hrnmphreys, who stated that her maiden name was Eliza Potts, and that she is the rightful owner of that stock. Mrs. Eli7Humphreys, who seemed almost in a fainting state, said,- y name before I was manried was ElizaPotts. I am nowthe vwfe of Charles Humphreys, a gardener, and reside at M-istley, in Essex. In and prior to the year 1849 I bad some stock in the Bank of England, the arrangements connected with which up to that time had been conducted by Mr. Gower, who then died. Subsequently to that time I came up to town on several occasions and communicated with the prisoner, who purchased stock for me and attended with me at the Bank to receive my dividends. I remember in narticular coming to town on the 26th of October, 1854, just before my marrince. On that occasion I saw the prisoner at the Bank, and he accompanied me to receive my dividends. I then told him I was going to be married on the 30th, and Imiado a transfer of 3001., part of the stock, and gave him 1001. to invest. The transfer and investment were made for my sister, Mary Stow, of Nayland, Suffolk. I came up to town-again on the 4th of the present month. Iam quite cure that ldid not go to the Bank in the interval betweenOctober, 1854, and the present month, and that I did not make any transfer of any part of my stock, or receive any dividend, after I was married, which was on the 30th of October, 1854. I came up on the 4th of July inst., with my aunt and Mrs. Stow, and we went to the Bank to receive our dividends. Mrs. Stov. received her dividends without difficulty. When I applied for mine the clerk told me there was some mistake, and asked me where my broker was. I went for the prisoner, but could not findhim. Ileft word at his office that I was goingto the Bank. I then went to the Bank and wvaited till he came. 1 said to him, " rve come up to receive my dividends, and I find they can't make it right, there's some mistake; what's the mattere' He replied, " You can't receive it to-day, because the transfer is not made." I said, " lVhy can't I? my money was not to be transferred )" He replied, "You can't receiveoit to-day, because it is not transferred " and he added, " What money do you want?will 201. do ?' I said, " It is not money that I wantI want to have my business settled." He said I could not have it settled then. I asked him, "Wlhy 1" and he again replied, " Because it has not been transferred," and he went away. I aftrards we-nt to the office of the chief accountant, v,ho showed me a docxument purporting to be a transfer of my stock, but that document was not signed by me. I returned to Mfistley the same night, and shortly afterwards received the followig letter from the pri-- soner:- "4, Austinfriars, Old Broad-street, July .5. " erMadam,-I beg leave to informa you that after lenving yourself, Mr. Humybreys, and friends at the Bank the second time yesterday .i wgas engaged in looking into the matter, respecting w hich I fear there is some r istinke. I will rectify It for you on Tuesday next. I was looking for you at the railway station last evening at 6 o'clock. 4I remain, dear Madam, yours respectfully, " Mrs. Eliza HImnphreys, 3Iistley, Essex." Mlr. Freshfeld.-I ought per-haps at this s,age of the Broceedings to stato that since this tune the prisoner has caused 5l. to be replaced in the name of Mrs. Humphreys to her account in the Bank of EDngland. Probably Mr. WYontuer will be satisfied with that statement in lieu of proof of it ? Mir. Wontner signified his assent, and added that he had no question to put to the wcitnesses in cress-examination. TlsleLonD M.yoR, after the usual caution, nasked the prisoner whether he wiished to say anything in anser to the charge. The Prisoner.-2No, my Lord; I leave my case in the hands of my solicitor. HIe was fully committed for trial on this charge. A fresh ease was then proceeded with against the prisoner, he being charged with having feloniously aided, abetted, counselled, and advised a woman of unknown name to forge and utter a transfer of 200l., Part of a sum of 4001. New Three per Cent. Consolidated B.ank Annities, the tsnnsfer purportin to be made by one Mary Stow, with intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England. MEr. Henry Hlsey, clerk in the New Three per Cent.- office of the Bank of England, said,-I have searched the Bank books, and find there was a sum of 4001. Xew Three per Cent snding in the booiis of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the name of Mary Stow, of Nayland, Snffolk, widow, on and prior to the 9th of June last. I Preduce a transfer, puraorting to be execuned by I her, of 2OOI., part of that stock bearing that date. The prisoner identified the person transferring that stock on that occasion, uder the signature of "James ERailten." HIe signed the book as attesting to the identity of Mary Stow. Cross-examined by Mlr. Wontner.-I have known the prisoner 12 or 14 years. Mrs. Mary Stow.-I am a widow, residing at Nayland, in Suffolk. I had the sum of 400r. in the New Three per Cent Stock in Juno last. On the 4th of July inst. I went with my sister, Mrs. Humphreys, to receive my dividend. I had never been in the Bank of England before. I received my dividend. I was subsequently taken to anotaer office in the Bank of England, and was shown a document purporting to be a transfer of 2001., part of that stock. I did not sake the transfer, nor did I ever give authority to anybody else to make it. I never saw the prisoner before that day. I was not in thePan of En gland on the 9th of June last, the day on which the transfer purpoorts to be made. The prisoner declined saying anything in answer to the charge, and was fully committed for trialin this case also. James Hunter, a determined-looking fellow, was charged with beingconcerned witha man, sincctried and transported in steig a large quantity of jewelry from the shop of Mr. Cockayne, of Meark-lane, on the 15th nit. It will be ecollected that on the day n question two men entered the shop of Mr. Cockayne, and asked to be shown some shirt studs, but before there was time to serve them they decamped with a quantity of valuable articles. Theprisonermanagedto escape, but his companion, after a desperate resistance, was secured, brought to this court, commatted for trial, and subsequently transported. C. Bassett, constable No. o93, said.-Ahout 1 o'clock yesterday I was in Brick-lane. Spitallields, when I saw the Prisoner and three other men standing at the door of a.publichousa. I ght assistance and returned to the bar of the house, nd sav the prisoner, to whom r esid, "mHarry, we have been looking for you for a long time. I sUPPose you know us." He replied he did not. I staid to him "o am an officer I charge you w ith being concerned w ith another man, who has been since convicted, in assaultin and robbing or. Cockayne, jeweller, of Miark-lane." He replied "So help me -1I know nothing about it." I told him it occurred about a montheor five week;s ego. On being told at the tationhouse thedate of therobbery he said, "1 wish to God it had been a day before, and then I could have proved I was in other comnany." I was about to search thie prisoner, when he pulled offhis hat and took out has handkErchief, which hadesomething init. Iheldout my hand to take hold of it, when he said "It's only bread and cheese; you may as well letme have that," H'e then squeezed up something, which af terardsascertained to be soap, twas e rtm two and threw it on the oor. Itsaidato himrI expected it was the impression of a key. The prisoner said "It's all Ir-TCockayne silver6mith, of Mark-lane, oaid,-On the lecth et. I was alone in my shop when two men camrte in, one of whom asked to be s hhow some shirt studs. I went round ;from behind the counter 'and opened a glass case, imnmediately upon tveich one man seized me by the throat while the other stripped my window of a number of articles. I caunot positively swlear to the prisoner as being one of the men, but he has a great resemblance to him. Ho had no hair round his chin at that time as he has now. The officer said the prisoner, who had for many years been the associate of thieves of the worst character, had only been released from prison the day before the robbery took The prisoner was remanded. The roeMdAodn requested that the press would acknowledge the receipt of the followinbe donations t toh God i ha fomp "B, d0y from and then 1c .; from ed I w u npoah, coap. y1 a bu osac R GuimHALL-Charles William Nlorman, a trimming- seller and draper, of 12, Bellevue-terrac, Cleveland-street. Miile-end, was charged, on remnand, before Alderman Rs, with not surrendering to his bankruptcy after he had been adjudicated a bankrupt, and altter due notice had been given of such adjudication. Further evidence was given and the prisoner was again remanded. MA OROUGH-STRIT.-Rotert Johnston, of the Army and Navy Club and 29, Webb's Caunty.terrace, descrsbed as agentlema,ascharged with assaulting William Kay, a gentleman of fortune, residing at No. 36, Hill-street, Berkeley-square. Mr. Bodkin was for the complainant; Mr. Robinson for the defendant. Mr. Bodkin.-Sir, the defer3ant before you is charged with the commisson of an assault, and a more outrageous ProceedinlI think you will say was never before heard of. The comp iainant has also a charge of false imprisonment to prefer and of conspiring with another person not in Mr. Rohinson.-The ze is not the slightest suggestion of conspiracy on the face of the summons. The effect of such imputations, if suffered to go forth, must be very in- -. -Mr. Bntnoy.-If a person is summoned here for an as- ault in which a quetion of conspiracyis involved there is no reason why, under the summons, you should not go into i Mr. Robinson.-I think it is a good reason why the al- leged coniracy old*iot be gOne into,- wt bein hiere to, annweracrg of ult. Mr. Bsso.I 5ngo esnfrgiving yost plentyI Of t ini to answter tcae X Oo i-c - I ME.Bo -uioThitt ist one of ~the dangers of. mkiaga a- statement in_a-police court. Such sttementstare oe ,pade for a,prnwe nd, the party may Lot have an Opfortuniutynof cieetig tle wg e, iodeal rof injustic is often dlone.. Mr. BEADOce.-1Mr. Bodnin I -feel satiafed, iould not open a ce and allege a of conspicy without being prep if neesary, to sustain it . E . Bodkin.-Thia ca cannot be settled smarily. I ask youi Sir, to send the case to the Centrl Criminal C-ourt., - -, Mr. Robinso n-I came here to answer a charge of' aault, and I do not think it ftir my client should have tolabour under a charge of- conapiPacy for two or three weeks before he can disprove it.. . Mr BnA oN--I suppose the assault arises ut of the conspiz%in. Lt us heor thefacts.S Mr. BoddnvNotwit;o ining tho pecuiiar circurtstauces of those'who prefer the charge, it is not their wrish to do otheAirsoe than conduct the casw fairly towards the accused. I am'qultc PorePred. to go into the cae. fr.binso.--I ian prepared to answer it, tlesasmttetr should come up which I do not think proper to aiswer. Mr. Bodkin.-I will, now proceed to state the circmnstances which gave rise to this application :-The complai. ant, who is Low 22 yeals of age, unfortunately became the associate or acquaintance of thedfefendant when lhe was about 18 or 19 years of ge. Heis a joungman,of considerable fortune, havig an ncome of 8,OOOL or 9,000 a-year. He became the associate of the defendant before he wAs of age, and vwas led to the continent, where money may easzly be e_pended. The defendant, assisted by two other persons, hving contrived to get from him securities to the amount of 50,0001. or 60,O01Z., his friends interfered. Thber applied to Mr. Galworthy, a respectable solicitor, WhO, by hi promptitude in filing a bill in Chancery, obtained two decrees, whrel All the deeds, bills, and securities acquired by fraud and conspiracy were made void and set aside. I mention this in order that the Court masy understand clearly the nature of the case, and the gosition in which the parties relatively stand towards each other. One night, as Mr. Kay was proceeding to his house in Hill-street, he was inter.ered with by a man mudfled in a cloak, which concealed his features, who asked him if his name was Kay, and, beino told it was, said, " I arrest you for debt." He replied he owed no dobt he could be arre;ted for. The man replied, " Your wife does." The complainant was arrested; ho was not allowed to go into his house, buthe was taken in a cab by the man who arrested him to a house at the west end of the town. He was placed in a room on the ground floor, and the man disappeared, locking him in the room. The complainant sat down to 'wite a letter to his solicitor- whiile thus engaged the door was opened, and the defendant Johnston came in. The comrplainant naturally said, "' Why have I been arrested for debt ?' The defendant replied, "The arrest is nil sham; it was only made for the purpose of getting you here." The defendant then locked the door and commenced a tirade of abuse and slander of the characters of certAin parties, aftervwards makng overtures to revive the association that had already proved so roinous to Kay. The defendant Johnston wonld not permit Kay to depart without extorting a pledge that he would write to him, imd ask him to dine in some place where they could then so arrange as to get the Court of Chancery decrees modified in some way. Now, a promise so obtained is binding neither in law nor honour. As soon as Kay obtained his liberty he sought advice, and in consequence of that step the defendant is here before you. The complainant Kaywasimprisonedthreehours,froml2atnight untal3inthe mornin. Thi.appears tome to beaseriousand scandalous outrage. It arose out of proceedings in a higher court of law, and I thilnk I am justif'edin calhngon yon to ask Johnston to find goocl hail to answer such charge as may be preferred against him in another court. The charge of assault is niade out on the confining and locking him in a room. That is the assault. There canbeno reasonable doubt that the defendant andthe other man were act'ing in concert together. It is not necessary to ShOW who this man is, there being sufficient evidence of conspiracy to enable us to prefer a bill of indictment for conspiracy, and to ask you to require sureties from the defendant to meet the charge. The complaiantwas here called into court. HIe is a youlmg man o ild and diffident aspect. On beirg sworn, he said,- My name is William Kay, and I live at do, Hillstreet, Berlkeley-square. I carae of age in ISM, an!d was then entitled to considerable property. About two years before I came of age I got acquasnted with the defendant. I gave him some bills, ani, after I came of age, somte bonds. A deoree has been obtained to set them aside. Mr. Robinson called for the production of the decree. Mr. Galworthy, solicitor, was called. Ho produced the original decree of the Court of Chancery, and read portions to the effect that a certain bond of assignment was to be delivered up and cancelled; that certain suites of apartments in Hillstreet, Paris, and a place in the country, were to be given up to their owner or owners, together with the furniture ; that an account of all sums of money paid by Johnston to a persocL named Adams, on behalf of the complainant, together with a sum of 30,0001., raised by the plaitiff and handed over to Adams be rendered; andi that all the securities held by certain persons, together with a certain settlemnent of property, were to be entirely void. . Kay's examination resumed.-On Tuesday night, the 8th of July, I was returning home from the Wyndhcnm Club, when I was stopped by a man whom I never saw before, who was dressed in a light opera cloalk with the collar uo, and who said to ma " Are you Mr. Kay?' I said "Y es." tRe replied, " Then, Iarrest you for debt." I said " What debt?' He replied "A debt of your wife's," mentioning the sum and naming the person to whom it was owing. He said he had a writ and a judgment against me, and must take me. The man refused to allow me to go to my lawyer's. He askced me where I preflerred to go-a police-office, the police-station, or a private house." I said, " Let us go te a private office." A cab was passing at the time. He asked me if I would cab it or walk it. I said, I would ride, and we got into the cab, which drove to as house that was strange to me, and which I afterwards found out was No. 1, Park-street. I asked the man when we were in the cab if I might writetomy lawyer. He said, "Yes; and you will be at home in half an hour." I was shownl into the dining-room, whore there were pens and paper. The man left the room, and I sat down to write to my lawyer. While doing. this the door opened, and Johnston ~walked in. He said to me, after locling the door and taking out the key, "I desired to have an interview with you." I asked him if I might send. a letter to my lawyer. He refused compliance, but I do not recollect his precise words. I told him I had been arrested for a debt of my wife's. He said he did not know anything about the depat. He admitted in the COulrSe of the eveningf that he had no other means of obtaining an interview with me than by the means he had used. I said, " Am I here against my will?'" or word s to that effect, and I cannot recollect his answer. I said, in answer to his question, "I am in your power." He then began to make certain statements against persons interested for me, which I believed to he calumnious. He spoke disresnectfilly of my wife and some friends. He asked me to refer the matters between us to arbitration, and to set aside the judgment that had been obtained. He mentioned the name of a person to whom he wi;hed the matter to be referred. I did not agree to the offer. I said I would abide by the determ ination at which the Court of Chancery had arrived. He asked me if that was my decision, or words to that effect. I said " Yes." I beheve Johnston then left the room for a minute or tvo, and I believe he unlocked the loor, and he locked it outside. I did not try if the door was locked. Mfy belief is ihat the door was locked. Johnston returned, and when he shut the door I believe he locked it. He then wished m.e to appoint a meeting, and he mientioned the name of a person who had called at my law3-er's. I said I would made no M.ointment, and he then replied that I had better go to Mr. BE3ADoN.-Why were you to go to bed? Complainant.-I was to stay in the house. I was not to be allowed to go out. Mr. BEADOX.-Did you ask Johnston if you mighit leave t'he house ? Complainant.-I did, and I believe he said, " You shall stay here until you consent to do what I want you to do." At first I said I would take a bed, but Johnston did not press this upon me. When he found I would not mrake an appointment he asked me to write and fix ah appointment. I had been in the house some time then, and ]: said if yoa will let me go now I wiUl not mention anything that has occurred. He said, "I will not letyougo untilyougiveyour word and honour that you will tell nothing that has passed to night to anybody." I did make that promise, and also that I wouldwrite to lim. I was allowed to go home after being detained in the house about three hours. While I was in the house the defendant asked me to have some brandy and water, beLt I refured, not being thirsty. I was to-wzite to the defendant and direct to the Army and Navy Club, he being a member, I believe. Mr. Bobinson, having requested Mfr. Kay to retir, 'proceededto say that he hardly knew what course to pursue, as the two charges of assault and conspiracy had been mised up together. With regard to the assault, he had to submit to the Court that no coercion had been used, and that no one laid hands on the comrnlainant. Mr. lxAnOir undcstoodi that the man who arrested the complainant laid hands on his shoulder. Air. Kay was recalled. He said the man touched hlim on the shoulder, but not Johnston. Mr. Robinson said, it was clear there was no touching by Johstonn tuanyway. Te tachingby the first man wa not touchi_g by the second. The magistrate would refuse to stretch the law to meet a case of this kind merely because his learned friend bad called it an outrageous assault. Mr. BEAnox.-The lock was turned upon him, Mfr. Bobinson.-Is that an assault? -Mr. BEAnoW.-Oh, certainly; imprisonment is an assault. M1r. Robinson.-Looldng at the extraordinary way in which Kay has given his evidence, and recollecting that he made no attempt to open the door, can it be said the'e was imprsonment or assault? r. BrD hON.-No force cof an- kidn appears tohavaltbeen put upont him. He seems to 'have g5ne willingly. Ho appears to be a weak young nman, for ho does not appear to havo even attempted to assist himself in the sail htest degree. He chooses to go to a private house insteal of a station-house, where he would have been safe, and when he ts to Johnston!s house he does not attempt to rescue niself. No foreo is lima. Mr. hodn-Johnston srid, "I shali not let you go until you do what I want." e o g ni Mfr. BzAnos.-The lock was turned on him, and that certainly is an assault. He did not mnow how the miatter of the fictitious arrest might turn out. It would bo a very serious businessif an illegil process had been resorted to for ulterior objects. The young man. appeared to have gone quietly, and the question was, was thi sin assaut: tthat required moro than sureties to keep the peace? Therquestion of conspiracy was an entirelyr different case. Mr. Rbinson.-It was only a -ime to procure- an in e r. EBoAf ON,-That ihtei'riev might be to get rid of the. cleareeof the Court of Chancery. ,- i Mr.R obinson.-Mr. Kay has tot sggested that. Mr 3EAD.-No. Bu hedeclared himself rekdytogo to bed. f;r.M:Robinson-Youna madecollectyou are Aealbgwiviul 31rwak Boakin. -t- r.B,tikbL,-, : v-ery epie the law- pro M 3r. Bodki-i prthe ii t to orer the defendant to fnd bail to meet tihe :harge of consiacy I .wax t- be. disposed of bylthe defendart eate int hi. own recogisisancesto keep tie peacef, au ta summo to anser l^are' of.~ Conspirac; s'erved 'nhimini - M&I Oi,.E.N4U C.-l. ?." has senit 5X. for thepoor box of this court; an acknowledgment in IAc 7 'ime. w iequetedw. W: loss ESTsBr.-4Henry arri w36 a chaige -with aiding and abetting Anzi Quatrell, the wife of Mr. Heery Q(untreypa licensed victualer in Shoreditch, hi mIng J-y with- -371. in gold, 3-in silver, nome vluable mntleg, eWele,r and-other aiticieae of tlie esftiiated value of 76L, ut - ip- to much exceedaizatsum, the ~ The losutor, in a state of excitbment, aid,-On Sun. day nirt'happened to go uptar, and found my wife reading psperarhichlooieed to me like a letter. I had lad apanfeuspicionof her for some time, andasked, "What is ftshtU ar l edin fl Shereplied, " Apiece of newspaerp 1tIold liherIknewr it wasa letter, and thati woulad see it, upon which the immedistely blew out the candle,eandwrentinto th?eo kitchen, where thereas fie and upon! vgethng. int eu,omDOtI: Mw a blaz elxclaimed"' You wrethed.-'oman, -*oua-have burt that YiSOtiiT.Butin hatwaydo you connect tho prisonerwith a robberY? Officer, do you describe the SergeantYoay, 7 I.-The prosecutor, a very resptable man, is the owner of two publichoush= near each other, and oneo which-was formerly tenanted by & person named George. This person Was charged witr having in his possession a boxo0fadedfrit which had been stolen from the railway, and being obliged, consequently, to give up his house, the prosecutor was compelled to send hs wife there to look after the business while he took care of the other honse. The prisoner at that time loKlged in the first house and it is supposedthat an improper uaintsnce then commenoed between him and the wife of the prosecutor. Mrs. Quantrell subsequently returned to her husbmd'shouse, but on Monday last took advantage of her husband being asdeep to abscond fromthe house with a great deal of property, the prisoner being connected with it in the way shown by some witnesses I hAve here. The prosecutor and two friends met the prisoner in Brick-lanie, and, bringing him to me at the statio-house, cha,ued him as he is now charged. there being 41. Os. 9,,d. foun on biin, and a savings-bank-book, showing that money had just been dra,wnuout. Xothing has been seen of either the wife or,-the property since, but it is believed she has been living at Bow. Prosecutor.-My wife absconded on Monday while I was lying down, but the money was taken while I was out. She asked my son for the key, wlhich he gave her ard she wanted that of the iron chest, but I, fortunately, had that in my pocket, or she would most probablyhave tal-en much more. The prisoner was at that time lodging at miy other house, and Iinstantly suspected, on discovering she had gone, that shl had gone with him. Samuel Bouverie, cab-driver.-On Monday week, about 6 in the evening, I took up a lady at the prosecutor's house, and drove her to a coffee-house opposite the Waterloo station of the South-Western Eailway. The lady paid me, and when she entered the house the prisoner came in and spoke to her. I was at the Eastern Counties Bailway when I was hired by the prisoner, who told me to drive to the prosecutor's house. I told him to get up and ride, bat he refused, saying he was not going. Theladyhadno box with her, but she had so largea bundle that it was the size of a bed, which I thought it was at first. It was so large I could hadly get it into my cab. I know the prisoner by sight very well, and when he came into the coffeehouse to which I had diven the lady he said, " It's all right ;" but what else he said I cannot recollect Mar Poole.-My Drother keeps the Cambridge and lNorfolk Copand Coffeehouse, opposite the.Waterloo station of the South-Western Railway. I did not see the lady and prisoner come to the house, but I saw them sitting together about half-past S. They gave no name, but said they had arrived from Uverpool that morning, and were going to start the following morning for Southampton. They after. wards went upstairs together, and sleu¶; together. The lady had a large bundlewith her, and the prisonercarried itup to their room. We, of course, supposed them to be man and wife. The waiter attended upon them, and be was paid but I aon!t know which paid. The srisoner left the bedroom first, saving the lady was pacling some things from tne bundle inbo a box. He said to the lady, who was weening very much at the tine, " I shaUl return about 10 o'clocl;, and get what you like, vou had better have some brandy." The prosecutor, who had been compelled to hold his hand before his face to conceal his emotion, here became so affected that he was obliged to leave the court. The witness continued.-The prisoner did return. and canied abox do;nstairs, when the waiter took it from him and carried it across the road. Prosecutorrecalled.-I have also missed waistcoat pieces, and other atiles-* I really cannOt tell what is missing, but I find it is a great deal more than I at first supposed. Thomas Qruntrell, l4.-On Monday my brother called to me for the keys, saying my mother w7mtedthem . and Igave them to him for her. On the same day my mother sent for the prisoner, who came, but left after stoppig a short time. fr. DTY\corT_.-This evidenco is not sufficient for rae to keep the prisoner, but I shall call upon him to enter into his own recognizances to appear a.d answer the charge again next week. Mr. Heritage, who was retained for the defence.-I beg, Sir, to apply for the restoration of the money that was found on my client by the police. Mr. lYEYNcouRT.-2No; I shall say nothing about giving that uD: the officer can do as he thinks proper. Prosecuntor.-Why, up .o now the risoner nver had a shilling, while, if the waiter at the coffehouse were here, he couldprove that he had seen him, with a handful of gold.,
Iv - - SALER8BY AUCTIWON. srvn asau Houpesi ooduo i - uace Iwo;irii helfor 2lyo QIWXOCK' OA WrRM il.-SELLiv beladseabalre.. Miy biavowed, smdrptiol.-esbsd,AI A Wll:Ee Isolicitor. 6, Illoowsab ,-se,uareva . ftea lenen. 28. ee- j,safe Iuveetmueat.-reho Estate, IlBunbdi-ew, St. L-ukes.-'f1 secnredPeitaubee 140 ae-aam rrn rh w oss x8lease for a berm of which 23 lesseen tthe expirtiosi of wfA& (yHIN1OoK And, 0iLSWORTHY wiLl:~ SE.L ; X-/ AUM N a th IL*rt.To-noroi,- Jly,the 24th. at 1 o'cl0Ac. a vaii4e> TRtBlOLD- SA6TE,- nealy .equst to .1 grocYAt-vent- -alttute- 98? -and-10.B3unbill-rou-;-StLukoXe- widtha froptage of.mispwars bf.38 -feet t Bnilrw uima et of.1I18f,ee; ebraelrg extensave inoiufctelnug premia -Alnts rear, hlousre es~o itt EBaele'e-buildings,ka. Th etiepmne arflt onlease tohle. Ricbwrdrlilllira~ forp aUlJn ofwhe21- Ryeaerls were unexpired it isme,156-ath gylwnof14pr amuues, and undedet.to M.essrs; Deli Eve and Co. aid others iti lagerackrental. _Nfa -h iewed- lee pmistoscofthe t6nanti, and rttculars had of-L. slsig at,alicitor. It. FarribalVe-iall at the Xast; ated of Me,w6sm Chienock kand Gslsworthrt duo-l -daid-hill. corner of waerad2Dhral eidenoe slanding ITn itowiroundp. with extensive P m,a reilyadapted for a ctomi stablieshment or divisiont into zwohoeres. ' VI IINNOOK and GALSWVORE,TY vill SELL by %_/ AUMrONT. at the Mart. To-morrow'. July 24. akt 12. the exoel--lentwel-lasileL'EASBaEOLDtVILLA. 1qoA,'. Iaid&-hbM. ttbe ourer 6Ptthe ESgewasredrdanadBloomfleld.road, in the parish of Paddinzton, containing suepeior accommeodatlon. and easly eonvertible Into twp resldenoms the rooms being numerous, of good propurtions,, and well arrange -for, that purpese - It esandsin lie own grounds, wbich are extensive, and is beld f.r a tern,, at a imederate ground rent. F'artienlars snmayh, e oWbtied -or J.' A. Noeckelds, -RaEg.. Stausted, E.ex ; nf S. Stfiltaihidg- Rq., Iolicitor, Bouxerio-ttreetL;FIcet-strest sand of Chinnocki und Galawortby, 24. Begent-street, `Watero,-PUV*l.e Soutall ddieex,Comact reeold entemanly Residence, parb-. likedron~s,PleanroandIfithewGarens, rarm-yard, and 37 whi'h havig a rontae tothe hihrei,i dial dpe for (IHINOOKandl GALS WORTHY bave been ~jfaonrd wth n5tsctoueto SELL by ALUCTION, To-morrow, July4. tiP attheMart (unless previously dispoead of by private lrdat),tbimpotsE ROLD fandarnallpartCopyhokld E-STATE. lateth residnceofl-er etyaut lawets, sltuate near tbehigh road, srSethal,oooprlinga gnoor square-built fALmily hoaser,-tahle.double cokebhous, deghtf-Pleacrsudeanl Iiiclon gar,leusi tilspond,-bark-. lik goone elltiberd,and? cre o Sueror meaonw land in Ing enhva,on; te wolelyig i a ingfene,The estate (of which immeiatepo on mybebarl baing eryelignlefronageto the 1. llattoncourt, lbeadneelt He:ofnteorge Wae. Req. srla yod Callmalgi.oiain,Art,on Egis ictrs, fea llratingas, o On Tiew, an atalthle8 GAll esr.Fser e ie, 54, Pall-mall,TSDYJy-3.n 1 really, al.. COLorCtion -of ancientsl aDrmodern at6Td IEms, 0hn, tevnesco,including sprecimre Jns wboflt re fll%ig ates n TGuldo atth Gallbery 5 PaonaIThoriot ow Jurlandt, fouloinglda.ato DRu ESDael Fevrs,aonad Gera CHraAlcer gru aesrcino bams ndcnlwtcs Cbrodnzs Vlo(. Shayer eas enanelsvestld, Van doia geldeass,.soeineLOrunty. ia a beo6es, and ai cnarvdire~estietan balndLrhese r Oneview, asrir and cataloguese had at Messothers olfiees. S4. Pallmall. Pall-malL-An ampor allon F Oinetl Drsen ndSavsCh Th2SSRS. FOSTER and SON ar ir ectL ty AULI kYbLTiOACTONa the Gallery.,54.Pall.allT-mrnall, July ti1th. aob grnonp, Jaseph-absEt n cnlstcs Brknres cloWr,khind etls viwtOndaysw-wodasprandrataodesahdatog hes Gaflly 4Pall-mall. -park Ni-tnale.-Fan; Gn, Cl 1ijrSSRs. FOSTER anSO ane diRecte trespeLt 26. n l f form d tubl PubriceGNi bya the SVofloen etheemUedmaTUR Santon,'MT, derie tosephake Blakero h Pre ilesinson-w P'ursday. uy2.i 0TOB E ute oieSvlerw -ld 9 Ohnvewto daly-s proior, Jund catloue hI t11 al-al FaLfoltie.oldo-tepaluabl NghturofAle-lane,BCoanbem-nomCo.,ni MfESSR.S. RUSHWORTiH and JARVIS regt pot annofullnfomthe ubi that the SALE of the F UTLP RTINIoftUR vaIndblEFECTS, f advrtsedt takeplae ondO.wl thekPrepises To orro Wehursday, July 24. isndOtPo fED tIl g ay.rtther GatleriesvUneverw arid 19ree, Cange-alloy Include e, Jl sta2e. sa1 ruminmrbe,n Ftone,adaptedr for h valuable aiao p teseuse Brownds ando uobl, maut- -eaty-s(freeVeninclu)ing quartiter, Bronzes poaving Chie tmney-ices,d oteadeions, Peesals,ea Stauinecl-eiatuarWindow,Achitecoural masrbleo chlne[eesRS dRgUdSriHWgretHtse and scuptredS bey ftot &rL0L annou(nce thato thpee ScLErofthe iINAL sPOReONofth valpdesablsTC oadef breskets. aine oramndtC, wil oee8takeoplace ora1u -Wedesdy, Jly 0 sd to folowng ays, a wrh tealeris atn-ioer _Sty-streew.nd-Mllm incliudevaes, tatues and- groups - jin arl an stn,aaptedCor Glarden and Micleasue gouns, Efetwo nobemo rl biathe frmdVenices. an uatity of Itealiacn.pvn ie fmsin byme~p s designed withei great taote, and eTuresday, first-rat artnds -icning twoms paoforterb charactper, ftine pebmeimgnisofesel.loo inapeest ibary tandes,br Brac-gets andTornampents,aArlebion dof valu ablde archItectnal cbeddling, celerbratedrgnals,s wofrthyrs thetattndion ofeuilersl anpachtctureofmr al pupls altso ait of pltbacpaedcte ofrtast aenditalit being thbe pnst ortine ofd ctti well-known andrg tastefully useflctedns.embine.e-May bedaviewed twogdhespre.a toteane.tand hataoushdo h rmss-ad at the officeesoofIMessrs. Rushlot n ani,Svn-rw orethend Jarret, a au l-ow Rgn-sre,d 19, Change-alley,rnill faiil-ow7.'le-Moreem Fuiturk-ae, large Chmeyld Reiden GL I- TbePore. ne GlasAeaWAd Miscellneu Efaects,remove fromin pr-threstidencs andm the aExeuhois ofn. aoM Hsint SELL by, AUCTION, atutheir greatosl disoom,don byprvtea Augutrct and fllowng da, hadsomemoden PU nItuallE f the desrablen aNd7 Tinigrooms.ret Park-lfre-,Elargeirand cunte-ol himneyglsebok canes Cibrary tables, eluegant CabndTreyg carpets, Araiantand other bedsoteads vaeasoned beddng wardrbe,chestadrbs of drawers whsandRe. ecrenal pitue vofumeritDo, a few voa-of plae andplatedwre.tn Omimeintalcings, butabule Workesine andcultuglass Mandl an large varietyo had a tbohoeCte offieso0 tesrs Mansiwon. n avs,Srler Wti;X1. ASPINWAL bees favoured with instu- the Eecutos of the late Mrsm Huskisson soSLLb on The0remses oxth rmzon Tuesday. August 5. at dpftu llo.wIingdeiable ol,and eegamnt y gANSeO, heldefrant unepirend otheofr 2 yaiears, fromi tronat suthe owhoute. Partigold.a inodlu cuendistie may be bad g, Zfep, Pems-ertonad, roerneD. maogaitrny2. anWoherthabl-paes alor to ther autioneer'sb1 rook-steeut,fu dresvexer-nquarved oppostfmes Poishedes lise iterfside Thbe. fcoituyPrei vanlocs i-aauable oi paintings,scltr,A,wilb stotue, iner-ustreet, Parblae,-by-Gibson,The~ Sunpue. nceb Wyatmne7 an"fxd CronsoeGass i efigante Grbiete . Huntir,aue b rieanta, rarunpea ztueOinadinrand other vaualeCina Services, Wed ardrobes o al sdfe 2antns,bauxhl-tiful. Wop,r.kesin Sculatue.-StMrbeand fine Brozes anRtewhl Cotet atER the MSnsion.AU TO o h ACI,entePremisesa ov, on Thursday.J1,2August 12. andfolowng day, at nearhy nwthole -osofwter5U1NFIGREandoter EFECSTS ofMte aovE mansBIonP compisting taaps and Bruvlsind Turdey carnetglnobles conmale. ndrchimnyey lawses elCatato Indianndotbr cabinets,odrawin zeba wo,rtoeeaoodAdmahogan-y, and.JtEAR tabls;alsoh uhtwo'eryfn moscal F bautiamful desinsa,o cared gilt ofrms polihedi nisie tble eril Paisintcocstadoesan,vluable Oigaintings, aTw, Orizetwoutiaot Gui)dutbre, pecsfand eryWl tss anderlfveralbeautfu tw alystatues and bussets imabebyGbon, ofthee SpportucniWytt,s ever anow dor brones,n profdithbe Grveegmunter,i also by Gibsond, rarhe antd lanitaieOrieets TDinewr and otherchnamsrvt,A wngdwadobs Building usual e NiMet of 1 bed chambhaersand te dtoemesi afices on he atuda-an Modayprcedng nd oring dfire,adcata- louderhand enathe prercesed Eann of tHeautioneer, rok-deet Gipadros- veo-sPuaret and Threslas of a laine manufion wilbesold t2 punc- tuallyr. dale li SE. . Y ERS il aELa byOAUCTION onL the AUTlk Pr n beEemises . as above, on Thurlay July 24.a52.wtot heev, and BILE shitinadrum andth drivngyo bandt, immeiglathesy and machiney. MayGevoew d.Ca. Kessniatsn-haas recesihed onsB.Myers,t SEatLedge Feuat, -baMr on Wody,te t ofs ay July, D.at,b 1T'~WO apital ouses,w- tdith intables, lrge urd,adon, -L to i tw lts,andtheeoieeslofoLand, nheParlyan ve acares,u the otns, iofatensAs,onl DaufemnuteIs'wal fremtwhed Camp, and wplansioy statouns, phrtresetmone fof the best Dopser-itides everu land-tax free. Toviewaplytut.r.lwi,nam,nAsh fh oru the Cntewt officerof the Iaw Fe Insrane Socicrty.o h a NiESSRS. HAItIM hN ve nd OrTeared dirctednI mI fr oSL bye AUCTIONs ripe 7AUTON n the Premss saovemuFi-m day4o, Jlay-2,t 12, the5 sown hliCgdandte Q TIMB e WOR, Lea sHafts, IITR andgueamtril of orna 6eutlsec.taofb tvierwed o da Maidon,to ae, aend catalogue of chohad atee the auioner' ofPltinlees,ing Sundersa0W ud lear, pinalnd- Barls,n jeelstf,d-nad tiket,inculnd-g ad -Paflant and- Fixture "of aStarneklw,faith eta n-soue andxgg ani -SnSolirS.i GRE .eN an Suf-oN m wll bsELL byecino brwith ine ram,in perec oking torder, 260 pwroeah bron peLateand folloers, masterass barrl fo.rc T mp. blocking tisWats,ooe, tmuen beam,iron eighs, loding - 1- tnber,Ac.dOntie monin of lroyca Zofnglond, - 1490; Dagdalels Monzaticon §n_Mcnuin; Ge.. T's Sepulchral Monumants; Agincourt's Hiatir doltxe par les -dnumens : Ca'mden's Bhitannia, -by Gouigh,- Vies et (E=uvr des Ponreietilei plus Othibres; a dune-set of the b1onicles,in 20 YOLs Flur' eiste ire ECcleelast! sue - Ar &hwolon;i.; Wilki n -on'AF Londin Illustrr-ate; Ifakluyt's Voyages~ 'Yarril's British Birds and Fishes No? - Xcmtou4?e?. Ku ? atthi? fE. Xait tHIS DAY? j* as. ? it?r &?m.uI? IZILSHOU) uum. Oe.tak? 8&A?Yh.??rn7udmB?1L UGmAkI?I. Xai4?. ic?Uia ?uo?hom&?, Z tg?ikzi 1 - R.PETRR BROAD V?uItI. IXP?"tM?t o?ithe d.a?h ? a 1.4, a?7t; awomi ?..ao ales.. bald a?ate?rod?oing?1CS W aimu?>axpa?nt '? *A ?mah? a THI18 DKV.-JvIyVmhe iM4t Iodc.b -Dof the 'Xxelice of- the- late IAr. T .~ = elbal o1T ~flIDBfO1o~Itroom,s Addt Vxdwjh,_*at andbwI dell.Wat,e17 sttM~,IT ~odhwk-eraee lt I,>r.Aba utiO :3dium, eons1defbly ,4 f*oiieIn-b~dd agwa :3pa Aet. tcuse f ON-1 ndS" roultijKo&rotfa iee&Put Revversoo~ ion to,fte unf£1 6 ndIen Oh-Tbhd-oV. 7,0 Tits Stoc'n AT, rmaliable oa the dItlb of *a1aysged52y6an. coaaoaodtl~ao J .C ftW7^e,Ke. * Amigneee. node, adat ofde bafG. J. Gbi. PETER. ~BROD w~I1 kELter iim'tH&ew MR. PETBR_BRoAJ *13 SELL by AUCTION TA. withoutreeerve,-t the 3artTH1I8DAY.July 23d. at 1 13 HlOSlSS t tin re.ia otAItle PiUmp-Court.: kc.. near nion-street. 'ooumb. DroduCieg, * net annual rena 0' £128 I&d 6d lattr-dtesiarcat it-e2iopo-W 5ter h. the freeholder, and the teure i,s equal to freeho3d havingaDolenant for perpetns2l renewals .Part of.the poparS wbeaeeenty ebunt.. 5ni oW-hole let to go paying tenants. tioulars and 1onditiona of,We.ns, May.and Sweetland ioUditor-, 14. Queen-square. Bloomsbury: atthe Mla; orof the Auctioneer. 2a P.rultry. No. 5 6, and 7. St. MAt-road, Feckham.-Three Czst-clas Ree- denoc with laRge Aardens- erEusegta and for Occupstioct-Absointe SaIe, j.'EEETEBR BROAD WM SELL by AUCT1ON ,Ab . st tb at THIS DAY, July 23d. at 12, in lots, the abore TEREF eleU-built RESIDNCOE8. Nos. 5 anid 7 re let to highly reseectable tenanta, trodn ' £130 per annur_ No. 6 is in ha.nd, hut wil let at £60 rperannun. eld for along tenn t ground rent. The situation is particularly 6pen and healthy. and the property lain good repafr. Pharticulars and conditions of ese. ShWeld And Harwood. Clement'easno, city; itthe Mart; orfot the au<iaoneer.28, Poultry. Heathe. near lythe. Lymingon, and Southamopton. Hints.-Vslo- able Teehold Estatd. producng £6 per arnur; safe and eligible iurestreot.-Ahsolnto Sate, bsy orderof the llortageee. 4 11t. PETER BROAD iill SELL by AUCMION. tl, at tbe art,THIS DAY, July 231, at 12, 3 F-RMEOLD ESTIATE, conpeloisig a twine fisciory, mlU Uoase, extensive stores. atabltnin, rone ground, fiveoc ttsgee9 3 acres of richly-cultivated-land. hathlable frontage ofI2Ofeet. or thereabouts, let atthe low retal ef £60per annumL. hut capableof being rendered * most productive estate, Pasticulsru on the pre mises ; t the Btier Hotel Southanrpton; of 'Kesrs.illonghhy. Clox. and Lord, Otifforci'-lon; Seet-street; o of the auctioneer, 24. Poultry. No. 22 Iadbroke-square; No. 5, Great Jaen-erreet, Bedford-row;' N'or. 1, 2 3, 4, and 5, Aldeonhan-torrsce, P?ancras-r.a&-Eligible leasehold Estates. for Investment or Occopetiom-By direction of the-Executors of the late George Wench, Eso. R PsEfTERBROAD will SELL by AUCTION, Afal 3t the MartITllIS D A.Y July 23d, Lt D2, in lota. a first-dass gentlemanly ItlSlDENCE. 2. 2,Ldhrolce.yue, of the aine of £120 perannum. A spacious Howe, 5, Great ame-street. Bedford-zw, suitable for a town residence or profe%slonal purposes, ith coachhois,and stabling. of the vT&ue of: £1 O per annum; and Five Housea. with 8hboor in Aldenham-terraee, PancrPs-road. producing £174 per annum. Farticnlarasnd conditions may be hbld of W. Pisber: Esq., 19, Doughty-street: attbheart: or of the 3uctionesr. 2FL Poultrv Ledbioke Villas end Ladiroke-pleco, Lottinz-hiU.-Firt-a ease. hold byddirec'iorx of the Executors of the late Xathanlel9linch. life. Elq. lI2rE PET'ER 0BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, , at the MrartU TEIIS DAY. July 23d. at 12. in lots, FOUR wellbuilt, superior. sesniet-dtched VILlA.K RESIDENtIES, 1foe. S, 67, 7 and S, L.adheoke Villas, MottUog-hill; let to highly rsectabWe tenants. nroduoing£l4lperannnm: andTwo somt-detaehed. feiences, lXos l and 2. Ladtsroke-p!,aee; let on lea5e, at rentals 3mouptb egtn £3g9 Der annUm. Holid fner long tes at low qrouud rents. Fa,rtculaes and conditions of M re. lIlne and Robnson. solicitors, Charterbou}e-square; of WV. Fisher, Ege, 19, Doughty-street, Mecklsnbnrg;h. square; or ofthe auctioneer, a, Pon1tsy. Hentisle-town, Brixton, and lVatworth.-ky direction of the Maort 3AB. PETER BROAD Will SELL by AUCTION attho MartT THIS DAY, Jnly 23. 3at2, infonrlots,FO1a well-built genteel RESIDEZC:ES. No& 7, 8, a Lnd 10 Ca-lton-gtreet, GraSton-road. Renttsb-tomL The propertyis :ust filished in a euperenrstyle, it for immnediate occupatlon, atrd eath house wil realize £35 2er annum: beld oar a.bout 9S eosl at lor ground rontE. Eeso Eight haseleld Houses ,nd Shops,o n Roboert street, Brxon-road, al iet te old ard permanent tenante, prodncing ;131 x e er ans um; and Four foueis and Shops. asituae Richprond-plbrac Eact-street, Wcs troet,s let chieilg en lease to eocellent ten d nts w roduting% £91. per anunum. Particulars end conditions of Mcsrs.;atann and Boss soli- ietore, 12. Bnouorie-etreo leet-street, and h inmeraithe at the art: aend or the auctioneer, 28. Poty-. . No. 22, Whitechal,el-roa&-lHousehiold Pernitu re. Stocks,- andEffeote P ot a Grocer.-Abeolt-To Sae, uwnder a bill of seini- 1MjF. PETER iBROA will SELL by AUCTION, onthe Promwises, To-morrowr. Funry92. at 12, the lOUSXEHOL.D t.IRa UnE, stbmk in trpde, andfxtures aindumtensils of a grorer. The fittings and utensilsi are oi a superior characer. comnnrieln cinlatore, sBates, weigits. mahoganylcentere, drawer er gafWttinge, k, On view the mowinhg ofsale, Catalogutes onthe peetrures; or of thte auc tioneer, 28 PouTry,. Positive and Uncesered Sane.-3o Railway ComPsnieeBnineeon. tractora, and olbors-A poirerful new Locomiotive Engine, aind also RiAt.hiels Patest in Leossnotive and othejr Stea Ronisce. ~R. a FURBIDR w£11 SELL by AUJCTION, at thc J.Ts55t TZokadiwlSonina he^38tarsad3ater 1 a , :Ce5te, Psio-orrow. July 24. at 12 ior l, thie abore sPlendid ENGINiE,- of great power, finished with the best material andl-workrnanohl. N.B. The eng ine eua3y be seen at anY timte upon e.plisactlon at the works, and ~atirolcairs h2ed there sad at the auction offset ini Warick-conrt In Bahtruplcy.-Modern Jewellesy. Uold anfi Silver Watchesf, and ldsrllneonss Items, rFOPLIS, SONt nd HARDIN(G 7ill SEL,L by JAXITION, at ttheir Booms, IS, St. Pant c'l hurchyard, THIS DAY. July 23, end folliwsng daiy, at I pnanctuallye.h day, modern and fashionable J}!:WERLIY, in broocheis, bracelets, ring, Pins. Shlirt stales, in great variety and mnanufactured with, gret tste: Albert and guard chains, silver cardeases anvd snuif-hoxes, 120 g old and silver v watches : being the romaiining portion of the sitat of .Metres, Cohen Iasnd Lubbier, and under adeed of asignment, Masyb hviewed the day tieedKiug. end eontaloones a ast*, the rooms. Eo 31, Chapel*teet, Pentonaille.U-atuable Leaseof capital Bust sees Premises, Pixtures, and Stock In Tradeof a Grocer and Oilman, and remaining Esusebold Fninitore and Effect, ,fR. G. E. MARTIN ewill SELL by AUCTIOl, 1 .t by order of tbe Executors, on the Prnalsee as above, T,o-monow, July the 24tb, at 12, the above valuable LEASE, held for n unexpired term of about 28 years ai £35 per annum, suitable foe mnany trades, togetber with the Fixtureg and rn- alaning Stiock and Hoajehold Furniture. The premise, may be viewed my tine prior, abd the effects morming of tswo. ejI*lIgues and partienlareof sale had on the premises: and at 1r. G PL artin's auction e ad wd5, Carc-street. Sithfield, where the l;awe may ha macted Gloneeik-creroent, Hyda-6a*rk,-Exce110nt niod emr urniture. /1R. GOODMAN will SELL by AUCTION, on the LVI Premisea, 22. Glocester-cregoenet THIS DAY .Tuly the 23d, at I precisely, the modern FURNITURE and EFFEBOTS: comprising a drawing roramsuite in .alnutandenwd, elegant cheffnier, nset cf oakdaung tables s Gd chais, diner IaggTN. wnegany sidecoard',, carpet, glss, Dio the bed roon (osnitare crnetiri of Arabuin and otherbedsteads, wth eddin and furnitue, Oardrobe, wash-stands and baths, cheral and dres0ein glasses. chairs,do, achinea, glas, l;itchen and culinary Toe-silr, Jauy he3viewd the day prior thdemornng of oafe, andcataloues whd on fe Premhises; and at the oasree of theqaloifneer. 2, sldbep' fnrosdr pcaygwater. Jet elleye-Tr e Stock of omeuars 3isnlnuoie pnd Sons. IrEsotRS. BLOGG and MAtTIN are directed by L TLMeesrs Dismore and sone in ho are retirind from bualyset to SELLI by AUr(iTI0N at tbe Rooms, 21, Old Bondatreet. THSS D2AY and Tomorrow<. July 23 an 1 24, the vhale of their STOCK of JEWClilERY, whirh is of the highest class, both as regazrds quality of goldFtsst,anid excellence of workmanship. It cimprie a reabt variety of every description ol ornamnlent, including spring, elastic lband, end other bracelet,, enamelled wiith great taste, and seet with brilliante andi precione atones, an elastic ecroll hierA, richly set with brilliants and emeralds, seTeral chamellon bracelets, enamelled in variouscolours,brooches, loelte, neeklts, rings, ahid and waistcoat huttons, in gold,, and net with gems. An assortment of mourning jewellory, partU, net with diamonds and pearls, and tlhe new pattern girdle centre, with the registered clasp for Sung the ,i.band in posixton Masybe viewed the day previous to and morolaga of salle. t the roonse, 21, Olda Bond-treet. wrhere catalogues ay be had, and of tbe auctioneers. 28. 3ncklerslbu,r. ritv Ehigib1e-Le,aeholdFatate, Dovyer, 1e6nt; for occutiSoln or investmeut.-By Mfr. JAES B. TEIIdOIP, on Thuredas, ul31. at 2e s al theApoulonan-bai, in Suargate-strect, Dover, subject to such uonditionsaa wDl Sthea and there eroduced unles f evio disposed of bv private conact, of bhich Uf notice ll be gexeml, ELIGIBLE Leasehold Estates. Amorig other lots: J-Lot 9. All that long estblisbed and oDnvententYeaoholdronraonger eShop, spacious store and shc.wroomsoverth. osame, Countinghouse. arnithery. pattern makers, roon, trsziera, tlnrasna, and other workEhops. twostal stable aed chaIse-house, with the excellent dwelUtog-hon .dlorrnaX thereto, baving together a fontaeto the street of "I feet or thereabouts, large yard tpartlY freehold), oait-offices and uildintRs thereanto belonging, andfreebold foundry, with large CaVes or Taults at rear of the premises Estuate and beingr Nos, 9 and 99. wrgt-areet aforrid, and now inland. This lot is replete with every coeni'uote for carrying ce an extensive ironmongareybusiness, orcaloul.ed for a broweryorother -udnees rtirig- eapoIs Vresnisca; andpo of the whole will be given on completonof -se pnrctr hot l0.,1lthat well-accuptomd nod desiable Lasehold Grocce Shop,odwelUingnoue,ground, aDd appurtentoecs thercuntp bongin" sIte and being No. 69. Suargate-street aforesaid, in the oceunation orMfr. John Gslion, t tthe earlyrenttof £l2, payable hiaf. yearl', under a leaso for 21 yeas from the 6th of January, 1845. determnable at tbe option of thelesee at the expration of! thefirst feven or 14 year of the term. An attested copy of this lesse will be produced at time of se. And may be previously seen at tbo offiee of vector'e sticito0r. ThesfxttsIsn lot9 must be taken by the purchaserthereot at a;vsDuation, to bo made in the nsal way: an inventory whereof will be ptoduced and read by the auctioneer at the time ot se, and the uoount paid on completion of the purcha. The vendor'sixtures in the remininglot wil be asold therewrith. Leot 9 wid 1 are held undes theauual leasefron the lion. Warden and A--' sts of Dover Harbour for a term of S0 yeas fmm the 6& ot April. 183i, at a gms amnusl rentof £15 4,. which will be apportiote thu Tizt £10 4U oD lot 9, and £s on lot 0. For farther particoa alnd totreat for the purchase auptothe suctioneer, C stle-street,- Dover; or at the office of ?r. Rt. W. Watson, solcitor. 14, Sniargat-street, Do;er. S.metsehirs.-ImportAnt Manorx, Fanrmzs Masion of.Waish, Adrow- I son, and Estates, near th.a citya of eissol MIESSRS. 'ARGUS Wl SELL by ACTION. at the White Lion Inn, Bristol. on Thureay, the 7Th day of August (unless previoursly disposed of by Trate conteaci) at I o'clock in the aftPnoon, the Talubei PEjEIiOLD) MASOW advoweeon, farms, lands, cottages, and esttes, late the property o JYames Adaim Gorio E? h deo3saed, by order of bir 1 , sb to sueh eonD-. ditioca ewilltheubeproasdegdan in'IBlotis,or snch otheea s my bedetermined on at the time of ale :-TDotl. The 3ansion of alis withlte pleasue gvous.s, rardene, woods, and apputenasnee, togeter! WithL 8 home fam, sitnute i the e7erd pariehe of '(apton. 1rtburr, and Wraxhall, and ooniaunlg together,acomding to te titbe-dmoessoeenm e Xb. r. mT ions onof Naish is surroundedbr delightful pleasure Vmns ix ritus t onaloa1etidnenee, about e4tht molleafrrnthe city ofBFoltol ocolah capi suites of rooms, anda.1l suitoble, aidcouvenient offioeM is in ompletex_pair sadtt sot the yesidenc of aifamiy of distinction .,he T uews from tse. boa"andesae rounds awe osutiful beyor4 deeription, they overlopk the rich and ferdtlena of Portbusy, the bonfuenos of. the. sirs Avme man WYe with the &eerv , the Bris Channel. and- the Welsh Hills Lot2 All that t&e Manor. or Lrepute 3[&r"O _of Captoui, And the unnes atd royalties thertaW alo the ial eseital farms, knownas iSperringes atms aourtalI l-uw frm, WielWYsarM,Well3elfiarm rnd Stsbing`a.r-iui, the Bleck HieeM In, at C.pton, and several eta asd-#eidraa al nasts in the parish of Claipton, contiguous teil I and .c-himog- itOether S91s. r. 2OP. Also the Adrowvon of the Roctorv oZ sp7oo whidt oo I oee3 ithe retorys'o)eu35e e ofglebe,andTbttberenfta. e wzlnh hIn dSoomutedat £9O per smun. .ies of coal.-iron, and manganese, havebeen found in this lot. Lots 3 to t aduoin lot 2 andconprtsetheManorof North Weston ard sevenol,eltal farss, lyr.glnthehamIet~fHothrWestons of Xot acres, 40 acres, and 210 acres, Somse cottaes, and otler closes, and with the lill Paxm, of about 90acrs, whuichisnow for sale, sretch to the Bristol Channel andlormad9m ttshich anty Enliit gentleman m-ight -be proud to bloe ound a caital- farm of shunt llS acres, in the parioh of Tikenhan, andTodway arm,i tthe Parish of St.eorge, conininigabout 74 acres. Forfurther prticul er.snd for Eicketst iew the snauion, applyFas to lots 3,and 2 oal, to Miesr. Cookeon and Walneseright, solicitors, 6, Kew-aqosre w Ln ohs.inn IT;a is t ea1usheots, topa Dan d 00OQZioT, EOitI~I~. No. 49, Skinrnr-treet, SnowhilL-l)rsolution of PartmerJhp.-XAas SIotl- xtcxtres, and Household Effet. SEsSRS. HARDY have received instractions tc W MSL'f bY AUOT [O1N, on the Eremises on Tuesvdy, Ayrst ',al 12, the'IEASE of tbesecommandingaudattre for an neen;pired term of 203 rears, at a lows rent, likewise the eycnau lug Portion of th valuais stock, compren timepece uris vasemaiD, moder tor lamps, ointiun.and ror}s of 4 inrludatbe oelebrAteW or inloilanttsy,eize 9 ft.,rr- t, oi,et,D.(:e.Dseoi SchooiJ ehibbited at the Dublin Exibiotion; -it th e ilxtuxrc fitto. and household effects. Particulars and cataliogueltobe bad of W. Metrke ee *olcior. 4 Sa ghal.tri ;and ec the aueeisees., 32. Castie-street. ShThoro-6aes.acers No. h% Castle-sret, Holborm-1 20,000 feet of Venee-A)bwuonte I rA~~~~~~~~~ise. JirESS]RS. HARDY have received instructions to SELT, by AUCTION, on the Premises, To-morrow. Jrl 21, at at 12 for o'clock, without reserre, in lots, suitable to al cs of buyers, aboit 120,000 feet of very superior WAINUT, lirdss'$-r MaI e.and yewoodVENEE Catalogues on the emh; a=d of the aueUcDcer. 3-2. astle-street, olboen-barts. CuAr Vill, 5awson-Dlaoe, Pembridge nVilsi, a1y wter._ctitaj mnodem Furnitue and IYfect. 1%JESSRS. OXENHAwilW SELL by AUCTION LT . on tke Premiom, Tomorrorw. July 24, at 12 for I oelotc punea*ll 1the capital modern FiURITURE in exoellent condiUou, lecluding sets of m6bogany chain soas and eQ e chaijr chsmucy rtt pier gteas, a pIr ol dlegarut aide tables, with marble mabi6 zoe-. twood IWo, arid other table,, curtAins, dinner waggon. a fve mvasg to, fourpost aond cno edaedE, and haiguiop. with- bedding comupletedrawers,wa ^,drt tabes,5 aos,&,ebh lanfi s- theouomentirequ aiditenuerous ueful a.ndaenba nasfilais. ybnwvevedonWsdaeody asul-ooningof aestsa logues ha oa ,eae Oxessraa' oitic, 113, Oxford-s Ot as Wciodn5eborh, rear Sandwich. Xeet. L1§RHICKS is instracted by the Tr4stees of the M . Will ct ,he iste, Thomw Hatvey. MsQ.. to iffer for RAE, ab the Auction ]irt. Iondono, OM d;:kAugImt4, atl in the atemeoie ly, In one lot, auahie LMEASEIOlD .MIMTA!, omksn a =oodncbtroa,%h PAraon&Me, Meopring- the '3(aWr. of _Wodnes,: borougb, with,e chief reuts, reliefg, .eOtot.brout. anld nQlnet,itDa tbe exeenve, coynisenSi ard aubsiautianmieuare ormamio-ibome, domestic belims, gardens, 1awrn captW werhardilis.eouzs,. fam-yard. stsebyard exceUent barn d et edoo.ch-boaratq. MabliL and, etheneceary amiu.tural outbtildirgs, togetberwith tb.isglbe Ulwe °°taining 39m Ir. 1p.; ab tfe l reater potiou' of - tb i deckorma 'titUws, belongng to the paraone exteadin orerla,Sia. 2. _14swllthin the paiah. which bare bem cnmtiuted intoQ o VADVA reaveiaugc of , 1,031 EC lId Psya.be lIt A and1 i tOctober: also aub,tamatisl freeholaoieast. h &ca Dd severa sees e(frefhotelhd,d a inig the parsonage, and whichhabIioen form uy a omed withit, and oaxttaining includinh tbsit oafte a af ildugelee, is..O The,manor is co-xteinsrewlththeparshl, ui the annual quitiront, reired at thA court barn uaiountiotaboet;rA 6.I1d.., zidneive of utlsfeottrt. neliefE, ic. 7The parnas ani-the entt r nt-baW are hld under-the custemjsylsme-fronetheDe uandCVhpier-s SocheAner-for, a teen of 2lyo1se ro24thJUne,1iL2ahsa aserrA rent of £33, antl44 14 fLorreieed idkr. Teight of pr asatitxon to the chureb is rmuewed to the k; or Ths Sloe - tato, siteate in the miot fertile delibtful, d ialtby Part cfXet.-.reT aents to the capitalist or coteu gentle. a u sdid o=eiXtreityfor a solid s n uso i,vItes.nt. TelaD. wblchlstic rsndeto. tluou3 to th house, is remrakbly Produetivss, aninsqctionaitte present se%ons wil amply erify. its eater5l MPsSseskaving-beea considerably enhanbed by the judiciouzanmargement of the late pro. prietor, Mlay be 3-fewed by panri3ioni of Yr; Wilisam Irsney the tenant, (ibrhoee occuPation tenninaneeut ?slicbselnlleslx,) aud izlintod particul3ars rnd cooditiorua of eels, bith pIaS. ob,aisned(saven da35s reetionoly to the sale) at the, lSoal Hotel, Denl ihbuntain, CaniteJerry; of hMr. Jisrees Eles-, Crocehard. Winyam- 'f dthe au-ticnmer, Sandwich; s.ttbte Mart; o£ f e tElsh°4-6off 'ndJo MM uollrito., 19 Co5ee, Lno; . o , : ,n * res,- .xk*d*, be .ep6J9 S'' 2 m L O Z -:d;Xbi irS>henth lI.e-a.lei:4s -C tit:RUwx nrl{i U.c p,td >t X'I-Dtu eBBNwm iitrude -b*tli o I iauu DJBINHAM tiv,o tsh .wt7houtwoe te 'lha neate, le aoL ba6 e k-UeP.,6A et~-'s IJ :PA ?twxis (kn1 }J. kim. w: 1bot&-AUotT E_tar.to f m md Uia.. ae 4i'in Rwwi.s-beeail - sulow. be'.fuol lf 33wI*dI.e Eaeie~ inoad:;id , £1 i i ist aMof A ao6 h0-d 4 t-jR,iEBHA :breoehd-irtrtici .onirnri SIA aie: acer uTe;l,ngm*tbe1. 3herndopeo*rar li. me .fi D deitul pef eto I,b, $c5tnres£nt c*x it p,w'mmluodi coon*, with t *he Dtb&w thIM *Y~j Oj:- hno.itr:b bernifulbtha focot-Ye 14traicnu.whichk ar6i uet eiad beauty klabg remashebl,I1eaadb k.end mcklreirned by te-u ,la ehitdt o rlhtlwCdutf the Wernersd e&otciL; enthe -1mM 7 Ckai Rolartr, boDdla sboni fo w~itr'.ros briadlo Wcedarnt! ,Omf t 8 :be ell. .ondy and rhesr llne anFocuclt- abodn ,tin 6f-fOsEwing :M wi.etb hisetrucThd 5mt5m albwld objictr iJe zwh ted and may besn ]hgi,d, ot SEUi M st;-bNema Cee,' i J;iRe,tn. suryojow. Qaeeal:Yar Sed.lot 'xihout taUhes3lwayII rxre4.,. asel Sst ao,. C emde.< 'naetrsetr -s Sad,3d~te- oldforsd -Ifrez-O upIha7bWlolni.rs t te pSonqa aiandabal fbgtraitbei'6deined Stauti40 .ref oh d. rlc bbY: a-a4etttin.- tbene liPe trusoi bee dUi iel- ilA DEBnEAMhia injtrueted :nny teSeFi't1 ori 0etr, e tw'i idjce, rb~yhn Engand t' SEaNll &ut. cMhiwr.~Fii 1 Aui. I ~tl in ti.olot.itboutlb noc hich:4.e:rtl drx. eeye t eXt4urd ieO w - , ssrron ls-learn n*dUen.ti t sdgEa.eesof IDIXIctJ*1) sedowand. It2 toopsless*. omr-, fritbFm-hwos ormntodoa eYt jlea atlF mitabte. f tr. the **hmch enC gor-en, it.1em-yiritb .eals. Va, nnu 's,. asesity .ciuluathidna t roLscttve:wlied' E±dhn garde wad.;joining.an 1 aa ll of prsiae pisse-ladi' bIee ediriaf vEof th - feinare withncdondhecesle.3is now rad d salie obaie t oistiedtate; of o t. 1nsBatao i, KSae., lIcttor.W o - 4i?ldin a' lOe Mat; and of lMr. -Debea}S nsct0eer.ad.esiat entA,-a Cht$iide, or wrill be forwt odro ppIScaion. ---2 !Z5rtsna3-'lro oorsnmodioa X lausfly ]teeidencea. arlmimbly bDUlt, , fiStlwltd r- rP.ery ceueniceore,2n inn U7neeu_foriurdnedatencupawtion: tub atod nsepea¶sielot. ~ ~ *-7 jp. DEDENRAM' wll- SEI4. at the i Aucti;n * v Mart, on FxridLy; AuljpU,t thei lst. at 12. in t-o lot.- TW IGO'TI.rC stone-built'3lA3NSIO2S, in the maost, paefrable ptrt of' this favoririt and betutif,11 rnetghbourhoAd -cdose to 'the gader .entIAnce of the Crystal Palace The house are bultt in fte mcost sub!tentidl manner; and finished with every modern embt1libhhment egrdlem of expersee One contains eigbt and the otber vine e- ,nellqnt bed cuatbero and each twbo noble and elegant decorated recenarooru, Feiddes librAru , bala vetibule paved, in -rarsti tiles, and spacious dorrneelso ofices; large ga3eos 210 feet. s,eepby. ftet fronterde, affordthg abundant sp peforthe erectioniof htlblunde llel under separate lea"es for 9o yeara. {rom 1S52, at m rae nid rents of £031U veter aninum teah e hoe viewer, and pbrtialas obtained on thedresnibu a ar. cuella rontgiprotele6SodefeaniofJeilra Edrds aontd itodars, eolitbrs. 2I. -otf easponm Cbidin,s Ctancesr. Dane; at the Mrurt; addtat Mr. DebenLbsotffoes. 60, Ches Xi . D ebelorisEst te. Hu,edresnith.-21Ho in 1ot foe Invest rnasut adOccupatlon* somedford asolute sale to thhighesthldyZer,; acnd-thoeremaioderarlmort sithout rese rve. -M7E. JDEBENHAMl will SELL, at tho Auction A.T.I.Mart. on Frida. A.ugust 1t ats12 in13lute, tneslyerected tatallENCbiSl desirOblysituOate Ser thelBrodeay and ensas,on. dillge, Thebonerse havebeenbuitant, onis.ed in the eitrsatterD unodierthe s dzerintendncea w of a surehor, and are fStted wish efesi ayderi coeenre for the orcupation of respectable faen ilies, hi lduder eveatl leases direct fromri the freeholder.at mr,oderate giundeted te soSIl is garavel,tbe situediton exceedinglyr cheecrful aesd tiealtthy, ant par. titoUarlyconvenletfor cuemenuemcgeddirn thereit beiTuseaoefle be hoatand oonibu0. rarticulersm on thepres waye ; of tinel ast7.Lotndond Fleece, eatitheor. 5, E ertl: mlenildiur of eoesrt oau ., s lio,. 3illiarad Dal7e, andl 3tretton, 3. Gra.?a*inn-rqns;re * at the Mairt, and at Mr Debebaua''s officec, SO, Creapaide. ' . ~-ney-mZ~-M.Wondeu- Ieldsted-s f btk,ey. lIF. DEBENHAM wVil SELL, at the Auction W -. M art t on oriday AAugustthe l, t 2lt in toree lota Worsubbtanutill-built COPsFO. }lOliSEBS woith large gardens, Nhp lO 10 auidI, 1.ond-jpa-he.e in a pleant, open, anidhealthy itnation. overloonyg the WoAdon.fields, and7 within half -an-liner's wanu of the cibt inothoocupation of respectabloetenant3 at reantls amounting toZ£5 eranenum, Also, a esn-n hecedpuriaWeleeidence, I, Bedtors' pIce nelHr es Dr Vicrton3-p3rl:. Hach6uty, moderantely estimated to produsoe rental of £45 lier rnUmn: held dir ect fronetb eTruotecs of St.. Thonisa' opital for an unexpitedtecm of rabouat 10 years, at aground~ rent of fl0 p &er aaurm. Prtcarsmayrti obtaires athe BnnonD. placeorat the Mart: of i d, solicitortook Orc . rdolzd.or, 32 owady atret-bnildingu;and r tMrDb Debenhantts offices, 51), Ctapside. oey-road-Smalr and luciatise Invesiienta tor abeoad t ienae, by order of the Moi-ta,gees. lIR. DE:BENHAM will SELL by AUCTION, at IT _the art. on Friday. Anusts1, A eatu iaoueloS.EtGHPbdikhmilt HIOUSES. Stos. 1, 2. cand3 John-street, Gloldsnmithh.eplacee Reekne-toad cud inxo 2 o,27,2e2d. and 30, Ooye-mo, adjoining, in the occupaton of respechale ten ntsp at rentls 3nsoarting to faLOI r er an12 ; heranumnler e for aterm ole27 years3 frera tsdsnmcr. 1S56. dt a m'gro ed rest of 19 lb.t per anrmem. articars at the Mart * l Mfr. George Maske sWie l solicitoru . Stock Orchsed-cceacent, Holluw - andt tA r.nDebeabsin's offiee,.8O.aobipde. Csmdeo-towu.neair Priiirose-sild and thwiHt plregd-road S'atienr 11tR. DEBENIIAM %-! 1SELL by AUCTION., at tL &te Meart. oi Wednesday. August 6, at 12. in twlots, IVE gente41 bricu-bult yix-roo ed PRIV&TU ihOUSES, iith 67ardens. z.m 4plesantly ectrr tee. and comprisin u oe 14. 1th }6, I 7. ond1. Durnford-ternacen dtadel-roade Camden-tod'nd let tot re-pectabee tenasit wgho pay the usuat es r dets s,s atarentalsmountingb i- a.20 er annum : held under then leaees. for ternt ef S. years tloer 19 dr.:from24thJue 16SI atground rents. W irtiaulars aty ot Duvnfocd.tesrrce a? oae;rtu W lobned JostnematP soalcitors, 11, SIbw-ina; atathel:adend at M. rlehentam's offices S. CheaPide. flichbmssy.-A detached V':lla Iteddenee with large gard3en, sceseral priv-e te ileidencea for odccpation, and capital Shop Propertvt well let. uld formipgan excellent iespettnent.*, A. D:E:BENA1N:M hsiL SELL by AtuCTIOns at i3.Lt'he Mart, onWee dnoSesdaL y august6, ath 2, inear. nS, t ats 12, in eigbta13tis y.bneat andSE wteith fnsleep,dIe 6,R1,cAds. Smil on.terricet alvantageol sIuate on the oe roaLd opttite agbur9 . Sinrth cudlepto of stcblibso and reapectable tenannts; 10 psravte residences, 1o.AMWghbnry.-rkssutb. "o ,.iaiS Bemutlon.oacrec-t*o 5t-fs6. inclil e ,Ezaia-fesr=ce adjaceentalso a handsome detached Vila. A oaeeining S rooms enlt ly hepr Isv etor for hisBown occupation sadhownu as lIomne Vlla, The shole produsing actual and estimated rentals amnount.ing to abcut fO7p pier annum: held direct fsom the freeholder for Iong'terrns, at moderate g round rent. May he vicewed by cards only, to he obtnh?e etof th auctioreer, and perticuliro obtatuedemsn the Premires; at the lli.bbery BiamnTsvere; atthe Mart; andat Mr. Dehenhuans'sofces, S0, Cheap. Iurle William Mforgan, dtceaaed.EinchAcy. - Several gentoeti *ell. built, and coempact Freehold Cottage Siesidensee, iae separte Iotsa .IfR ]/ )EDBENHAM heas received instructions fioem ilt the 3foetgagee to SELL, at tho Mfart. ou Wedneajay. Auf il, at 12, in eight lsSs -FilX neat and taatcfollb freished iFB-EE:fOLD RSSIDENCES, withlargegOardeos, known as Grove Villar, ehevfsily I5nhe-.ra Old Churtch. in heoousles were built in thle most btmntaia manner for thelate ovner, under the superinlendence of a aurseyce. ;£20 to dl23 each hom. Aloa reehold GrouSnd Rtent3 of LIISna per annun, abundantly secured en tbres residences adijoining, and a plot ofCsirdessGroucdin the rear of the be!ocementiooedpxropect3 . ac- atJlee Queens Head. Fyinbl°ey; aaUt the Mat fJof Macno Mrkes sad Son, oi¢,cihctses Gedorge-yard lonmbard-street; and at fete. Dteubmam's ofics .I C.e .le -s 'e,toturca. Si Otemordthir& SSRS. PRIOKETT and SONS will SELL b AUC ON. at the Mart, on Wednezzday. August 20, at 1.2, the ADVO TSOXo! WHITCHIJRH with good house and gurden, ver dlesirably situate on the banks of the celebrated river Wye, in a beausj fal partof the county of Hereford. Tithe rezt charg ppowoinedoat £263.ex ve hovas° adegleb lands. Age of inmnbtent4. Fartherpatieularsmayboobtained, 14 days prior to the sale,on appli1c- tion to MessX Powfos, solicitors. Mgonnoutb: . 0bs. G. Jones, Eq., solicitor. IL Grafys-Inn square; and of the auctioneers, 34, Sotltnmpton-building, Ctsancery-lane. and Higheste, Mtiddlesex Mnwl-h ,HOrnzey -Vsl ua ble Freeholld BuildingNotate.8 NAEsl2sR PRICKETT and SONS bhav received LJ.instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Maxrt. on Wednesday. August 20. at 12, in one or four lot, .6 acres and 30 percbes ef FREEIHOLD LAND, having excellent fronitages on a good rood. cassmasiding extensive views, and welt adaptedl for thae erection of eornedran vlla resixdences. Particulamrs, withplans, may be obtai3ed 14 d prior to the day of sale on appliction at the Greeu Ma3 Muswe'lhbilli the Compasses. Hornsey: Railway Hotel. Southrate Station; ot John Whittinston, Esq.. sollcitor. BEdstol; and oMessrs. Priekettiond;dSori auctionceis andvaluers 34, Southampton-buildings, Cbccryljane, aund Higbzgste, Middlesex. Cvawrlsy-alreet hlesquare.-vuaDle long'easeChold Insestment;s IIsFSSRS PRIKETT aind SONS will SELL by itL~A CTIO . atthe art,on We4nesday, August 29, at 12, no thre Jts,THEE ric-bultHOUSES, with commanding shop., havin ydvte etran es.stuate on the Duke of Beclford's, estate, in the apirmproingneighbourhood leadfing from Cunden-towen to Enstu-~aye ein Kos IL 12. and 13. Crawley-street, Oakley-aQuaro, in he arsh f S. ancasand county of Middlesx; let Pt very tow renals aaoutintaetterto £110 per annumn; held under dirAo,et leaes teo te ukeofBedford, at £11 pe annum eachhouse. Mray be vic ,od by perinissiof the tenants. Krctieulars may be obtained, 14 days prirt t e.ot of Moeams Sewell, Newmaroh, and Co.. solidl- tors, Cironcester; of Messrs. Holmes atd Imipey, soichor 12, Bedfordsrow ; and of Messrs. Prickett and Sons. laud suryeyorsxn auctioneers 34, Southatopton-baildjegs, Chancery-lasse, and Highgate. it,. w. a ~*S W aumuam.-q WioStipd i~ttm EL I ': 1m i t U2fe4 t'. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~4h ,L p 4Role . ±, 15 Mte t i ; > :~~~M~moabc!.t9fm ghDab RRjL3sntutj b6WThY1X'JOF atte2hB24etw u -t'a2 i~:f ~VKI to dll of _ u.am oteSm t4§Dsi31B ~ .i4'jy 5.ro=e.a u:r soe 52neCC' r,ga4rnete tO9:& t pzaifor xbui4isg opetion r sMIo68fd .Cm;letim, %I ruchadxd d sem b.,ch w. . liubed, en 1:nz tble vicnity. Iterdenes dmUpenor eba2as been esrotel. andI uein e-nrce o!leingSAssbed ' Ajdsnoeat tbe. Wi £1i~t;onee show the in.i,}-.te oneaiou;ee she Mao .nowoms tro bedfief lu t toceanyonilteoligiaalacbre-. Te.hflara4iI bedffekd_-inIoti cmdrte size ae£mls^ cblaha to toi:p~ctUie ti-<a:n .oo-ozperate ;Thoroadean r sensaeasmdy S*!ore&a&-gi-o erpense. lI.j-bo3 iewad. ado ClarendtonHotti.dmae to -sbe l Ahe 'R 'f Oetws tatsEL kh G; Leaic I Itenda ebett. s,- }V; lAne ln-}nn-squnae at she- Mst;- -ad-at 3[I. globmsneo.eoe,-Covent,garden.- Be5entls-3ask An excellent ticmdenoe mud -A leer,- y'osh-sterWu f trittar theArcbher:zrarens, witfio2Mion..' :- JR. BAR7NES (of Birelin-lane) mill SMLL-y AUTON; bttheilsetk TGNI3AY. jnly23f st12, byiL-eo. etinc th3ocicagsg. thei G}lOlJ'. IsLEAS!S, Sor nn nncxrrre3ierms ot G£ ern.rbjec ti)a sentsof Lilan yeas-r ofas caphit ItESIDEEOE.ll _D:tabinc five -ed rooms o0n tho upper story, tai draisng r6emi scsee1neTby stabied g13tsartiMioc on'oe!Ers-loor,a ad on titoge roa story dining roon, breakfast delons, dressing soo..coyerie6ae4aa entrance ba21, axd on the basement a range of dozoestiz offiea. *Praticulsanaybe o.btabned on -.ie plreaues- of Mor. SmiodIb -oiicitor, 27i Great Jameetsriet, Bedford-row; and o4l, Barries 19 25.lrcbrina Lomnbad-tretet. I rerW0Ld-5!}i-ee1soI:siate nod log Leho'.d, Usma-f ,ipov Investment. nAR'1,8 fof MiBsrchin-lanel is instrctedit S3L'LVbp psg,UcA'MU0TOW. at theM.trri T3H3 lAY, Jul.23, at 22, a vSJuWbe FRE33tIOLD ]PROPERYKI ::ituto i tilet4CaUrch, 031 BeIvsh7bi1% owot aO a s3oining.Nir. O iidYSl g'roid.f 'The' es-ate compresa a detached cotta;e niaenoe ai' offtces, faced nac a siopingsa in , ry:l eden, . comnranrrmn anagrilfcent panorm6 of .he 3icilyfeaturd wountry on the inout and eastsides ol'X isroorw et 03 lease to abrighly reetaHe D nt, "oPI" rmol ems%, Rt £15 pier armum. also Two detadl-#3 C=te Residences and Pieoe of Ground, John-street, A3b3ny-.tad, Carabcr-- ~se3, let to !e-;etablo tcnant&aot 1 saear. reTrepomIsesrmaybe vcseed (tbheropertyzt -Norwood only by cards. Ptrticul 5mas lxt bad of messrs H1id an lAattircss, .eitoe Wm ywi5Stiay axe,and of Mr. Barnes. 12, 2irebln-l;se. oimbard-etrsect. -. ltswesivU-bhiL 0aey-helsUollswoy, and Iy.-:d dnw,l=F,. Hopmes, -GrndRent-andBol3ldinr Gmound. 1, -IY . BAMNES,of Wrebin-lane) is insjucted to*- w SELhL by AU1Jrs OY. nt thIe M3= on Tburesda, July M. at 12. in rthiomr le-s, by order off tbs legatece a POETION27of theo }STATES of Mr. Thommas B3ird, Eeocsd, viz :-Mnss-e-ttl rehold Residence, usrdens. =ioasrsc uns rndmerlv1w1ud !'tbhe tenure of Dr. Bryan, and freehold meadowVlad adioioin onnt in11iieres, rdb le spotfor tbeerection efTms; the G&A me sn a ottagce. sI t1e-hemses ad land lmdtrown r theTowverUop j- mb - in. COhJ6Y-b2tCbl-)VWd, a Ground Ihoot of' £2 a-year; aiIsingiom_ xe rood-od, 'With thet evEztoas-inte±est, lthreeeelgosnnew btcapital meadow Irmd, -with fhrntage to thebh4ney-liaieatl . in the esr ef Kemwood-"odae, Pu.lltwo ces and nrdevs an ming tbe reto;. so. at, i elldbay. a bold Plot of Maodiee Lfisd,t the-b:sk of the CoanoInn, auIcotl;4e anrid r, -crner, deld,of bu}ring eoumdonDFnrhtry-commoo; PartiJubasmay,be obtaitd of -Mos-u. ,Cilves. Soc, aeam:wiciey, soEeitoc Teside, fMr. Blytb -eareeys. 115. Alderegate-street; and of lr. arneIe,a, Birobin-lauE,hInbrdeitr. . breehold lResidene aLnd - Meado Land, h'oo-ii Cceen.e-jI;v - . 3tr. BA7S (of Birrhisn-1..e), at t n.e ort nh;i y, Jirit by-order ofthoAtorigagee,. .G . - , jVaboabio Freehold Estate, capable of grgatkinj- - .proeemcnt,-CoinQiring a ,;ub atanl residenes and rslto- o e oseres, adopted for a buiding ortis The property is silcmate at th} e estern corner of -GreRtoiro-lonekv.-lth aE sinoiewofits reentry, the -earatmon ut thatpart bedngosmed by opentron railing, and beautiful bneaPe in osear Theriie3deInto containsneit bed ch3ob xr, spacioudainkk- 7csi tlour. dhdt3 15)010, large 3hail, comrplete ofiTer. and range of Stebi a-nd cst: ,b* Ibouze, siso a laeo garden and me->sto altogether nearly -trb: ,deyl- timberedo 3 escm Weir 2 FSmnitt, reiteitors, Paetienlas-hsa3 ObtFal.oied oft 31r ;1.ar rtsor l:3, A]dsrsgeie-street, of 1 z.ols Bic tae snstreet: aDd tbe inn8s Bt Etnoileath anad Greemmosicts -- T D.;lroa!ounrieo, Iron )rterchant;.Aasrdotbeir. and HOESEY are instriictel !te 7bdrtchWAss31uessoi P J. BolcgiIo S EIf by AUCTICtf,-i MQMcn_W iesdXTJulY30, ntl,In ]lots. 'itbout reserv, I' 3lt2I-FJECTEf8SH}ELT3,ffom 5t lschtl()0-incbdiamneter. lylngtW oelwich, mde oef olod blast an Eookhlig iron. To tmedieveod-bWkr by pemiasioss tW"-ays Drrsvons to the Wre. Catalogues be bad at thre-Mart; ofbese.Aslyan ee siotc, I -Zerry -,aanof Messes. MrteSSMAndbs1eYji smdTee,sl-ttcity., n~IR: LO~iLlx -ilS bv- AUGTIOX,on the ti-nsies on Itrlday, jsmlr-2, at j*_FUp_rISTITtER oo- ei, mahtoganY fonr-post and iron b3dsteads, leather bedsadbein. .,jrdrdobesfirqaea -ci drarTsec MahlUe-toP and othirr washatsm~ hn lsses, ceIccFdnsebrd, coh,lres., c T.. c leaditto. las, Card, and dininn.tablcr, ornaeretal items,an atmaOtrmrors, effect-s Maybemeweon Thuerdav and morning o! le, ned cat&. ogns bhadl on the ti-mices; = a at M?x. Loenarin MOries, 8, Orebic2h BQDdQ b ntd~ byso oils, anay.ct AVIOnZeNug UCTON,on July 24. at 12. IIOHSRM Tgxusut=omeii row,cata four-post bedsteadsj. barmtrses e.dm bes,jaanie s msahogany waehsjto,ttectnr d -tble a, e,e onaboesoy cilests Of da-m,saioe oahmran,Euel a services, cataglass ofrdwr. n libn ust n eeWd nesal-y andI msoornnt: o ol.aifSesdon tepesaa n5 theoauctIeneer, 35d loiera- Osbho,Surrey. wihi als aut,`-akof ~the Station on the *=~m'Sn:S. Xoedon and Epsom Usa~ay. WSR.BL~AKE si1ii SELL bY AUCTON, at- AJtbo.Melbtrusae Hotell.oweeto tileCaeshrdton tRrlway Statim, oflrta hi9byWtr;civccEBR4OtLeafULer noo inilve lots. thh-eanarmof hghl Ott~ctvo REEHLD ltrlDr~q LAN7D, in a m&y tag. -raedanddeighia miocttn, onsnadin pCtutsseune and citensisce- I oosizabc Frecehold 'lesidence, a.th POPDn, 1 tO. 13, AlOntD@ier SSRS p dLRSOrNroad Brighto%. 4-. . S~E SRS. PA SN * O av enIVlrc GRooen, 9.arne-anW6me. BvicrtxJr Wedu30 ergardc Aiigtrt - atd 3rear chzely, the RthSrDBNCFJ of the late lones. Grandineau snl*t4ntjaly' buil, nd aeatibemgmt desirable part of the Piontpbllere-o lentiiDgaandsomlaeeterior leitht fosergarns in ftcand reo. az.d a cn o atory' ind pozsetss. interna alremenjale *aru; - calcula-telito ez.1ete comoel n occupant - Added to which the pu'haer wil Endo.e te6 advantoage of Isamedi yweeadn and the rnthe for er ocuat, on i£izud o f srnesse 1dab'riewed l4ecy prBior tomnre rau n Ltinsis's obtained atjoirez oflaori6eJoraIo AieS e. tiara oEeeX-nretch trd a.d twof IdoeraivaSre. ale, rrlnen. d 'prrey an ildo. Yr.le-eb .fl,- 3iInJonZend, ofn>. the enerec'0 ihne paaie, n' IgCat Docn. 1 t deremk-Te, reulrrn Paeart of *.cmetc Purotead-haill betto corvn-a grising valmr. beles. orrtheupor e FaRm c sitirdences and Home. t , F . fret-inse tenant, Fih e desirable oor all Pa-mn "ye .blbre of tLtwo&ion Lend al ,io with r . ea acres, delightfully it DLesedn eb wihin fiva siks omich nd sl o at Brandallaod the rive aeBy,csaBUCE,lone h direction of the OCutrto a onr rssY2 ot T ae tozJlnt forw1b onclckef JTnly 25. at 12 o. ; n c is. .keened an fnession of th yae prinrl h ±vun trJIE Est isg nrineepalh y freehold and land tax i,oriL aecrzuedo andSl psDaio OfDinn 'he gretber portio we e~in at MebachLaserxt. Ebrpa .rs and oOndUtionzof xWCe eithaPUnU I of the et, ap to.. Drester C,eston citor, 1. WinchestTr-bu-ld.. JWackon II, Bford-Mos London, roliattors ; l.feOe. fenton. MUio ders;ey. ~O&Nnille. and La'wrence, G. New-sqesre, Line ln'e-imi, Loodon, solicitors: or Alesoor. tebtcr ladjndents, Horwich. Tottenham Yzidee-Vi,b.2eehold Building lvwa~ sedemoet. lot, toWele previou'sly ienosedo 'by vriirtle contract.) 14 acres at exoeoEinglp 4aligile Fl XUOL1DIJItZI5G LANID in aon cacel. ThttrnJa~zwyStdeuhaving frasttget tothe masin anad waft Down-lano, Aroe canbe formed through tbe estate, which would ~b threprinclpaIthozougUaceto the rallw.ay stat'on. Te eltate -be`ing within 4 miles of Loiudn ant conetiguous to tieresslway, vr&MU n~. veeyairt~ o~octul~yora ni?dngpecu1atlao. %bere being.a, gret demand Io wvlectable realdenoag inathe locality. X*y-ba viw$trnday -,rerlen to &ale. Marticuleai may be -obtaneadW GsarraxWjy's aid of t e mrtioneer.Totsiha.s In Gi~ftsbate-Vaiib1e Tithe 3fln tAuJrnesf rlut lFcrpen&J -Aavawrs; an Kext Pta&tou iaX :tn-;3u-~ 37ymdock; nzd aDw lu-howe~it1'h Fnn Bui1diriaua :0 A5erSO I= 1Rent Charge in lien of, Vtbbs- a ta aidDnr aut .o meviig ftamj, Inac, enDc, tenm the ju~isbiotdjmoXhee~ndn}c3in;tb pe=.~ins r4b aAb ?*Vb M*a~gn~h ..j %yUh k w1hdou=Md- herbamv1MV=.fi )M_dDk J'su a kid'Wo hi flymoo4 -which is 1utlar2t*= ~;Iedury.3.2 *wano Glnemtat aM Great Malverni; Nbdc =!ir2nfl . ro %4aticaim *b6 (o1earter gd Herefoia4hlyI-P-&AM Giniy bemteal' 1.o Mxpprixito tuciae ON. BAL i~a~t-ke; liqe. Mr. - f C§oots.ero eUSM cift El. esletbekect 2(ew Otginon.4~ ' 'afoor eWlaresl :ErdGorl,eeriL, b dtUa-wvCofthorib*| on;- - -' ' and nu m "N iLa bl 'Or aiAmims Mfe* Ivto,b L I,EWIS -betcnseto.znnoua&c iiee (O SUNttedE m'Sh plnclnaig'a -oebePCdil,nutk1p _4s£ctsddu£rs sud tgeF OIV cwrln 91X ttlbvw %Uw sibd-.l outiNlsteMa i an redicba.t pmetmoCeg i0ab czrv.Rlf oc tl2ardll ie .,O=d;lwbue'.f Vicay$ IL = .,?A ab£ fftted SSanitr1&t*q1.svback% moblo =J: di ii U P= AMACt3j. Of ,, hal a ieuuteXuis CO=Vall uuQQe0oDsaam! AD usefft . - iaM hbtI.~ t wruchtecf2 se-leantrdsbome,ilt etdemt ManbeiaW.-Tiem day pror f1ItL4:od2 Scpva*- lacle A* of eol Strnz mM Lea solwicit, Old uitd- - :.
