DEA&THS. On the 13th of January last. off the Mtauritius, on board the E. I. hip Nile. of dysentery. aged 22. Emma. the beloved and lamented daughter o£ ArcbEoald Douglas, Fq., late 3adras Army. On the 2d instC, at Southampton, Harriot, daughter of the late R1ev. Dr. Allen. rector of Newdigate. in the county of Surrey, aged S4. On Saturday Last, the 5th inst., at 14, Old Sydney-place, Bath, Ann, eldest beloved daughter of George Lloyd Parker, Faq.. On the 5th inst.. at Bournemouth. Hauts, aged 25 years, Henry, youngest son of John Ferraby, of the Bank of England. On the Sthitnst., at her residence. Gower-street, Derby, Miss Sarah -Grafitey, eldest daughter of the late Samuel Grafftey, Esq., of the Old }ent-road. London, aged 49. On Wednesday. the 9th Lnst., the Rev. William Johnstone, rector of Calmington, in the county of Salop, in the ?7th year of his age. On the 9th inst.. of disease of the heart, IHenry John Bursey, aged 13, eldest son of Mr. Henry Bursey, surgeon, Newbury. On the 9th inst.. at the Rectory Rouse, Sirf'tn, in the county of *Salop. the Rev. William Johnstone, M.A, aged 76, eldest son of the late Charles Johnstone. Esq. The deceased was the head ofa branch of the Johnstone family, immediately counected with the last Marquis of Annazdale, and for 52 years had fullled the duties of resident rector of the parish of Culmington, where his ministryhsad been marked by a corse of uniform and unoEstentatiouEs Cristian piety and charity. On Thursday, the 10th inst.. at Mount Radford, Exeter, in the S6th Tear of her age, Hannah, widow of Charles Crichlow, Fsq., of the island ot Barbados, On Thursday, the 10th ins'.. at his residence, Alvaston-field. near Derby. the Rev. William Cantreil, incumbent of Thrumpton, in the county of Nottingham, in the Slth year of his age. On the l1th inst., at 31anchester, William Henry, the infant son of Dr. J. K. Carr, 25th Regt. On the 11th last., Francis Knibbs, aged 61. many years a licensed victualler in St. Georges east. On the 11th Last,, at the house of her cousin, 91, Glocester-placo, - ortmusa-quare. Mfary Louisa. the eldest daughter of the late W'illiam Iurton, Esq., of Pollarton, county Carlovw. On the I2th inst.. at his residence. 6, Victoria-square, Clifton. Bristol Thomas LucaS, Esq., merchant of that city, inhis 6astyear, aftera ehort 1llness. On the 12th ilst.. at Polstead rectory. Wilam Coyte. Fasq.. M.R.C. S., second son of the Rev. James Coyte, rector of Polstead, in the county of Suffolk, inthe 31styear of his age. On the 12th inst.. at his residence, near Windsor, Maria, the 'wife of Zimund Foster, Esq. On the 12th inst., at the Waldrons, Croydon, aged 19 years and three days, Alfred Tobias younger son of the late Tobias Walker Sturge, Fsq., of Leatherbead, Surrey. On the 13th inst., at Church-street.Hackney, Mr. Richard Steib,sen., Regitrar of Births and Deaths, aged 67. On Siunday, 13th last., after a long and severe illness, Mary, the affectionste wrife of Mrr. Charles Ellis, of May's House, Selmeston, Sassex. aged 55 years. On the 13th inst, at Reading. Berks, in the 7ith year of her age, Clara, relict of the late John Vatas Simpson, formerly of Mormingtonplace, London. and of Caversham, Oxon, Esq. On the 13'h inst., i Albion-street, Hyde-park, in the 79th year of her age, Susanna, widow of Thomas Tatham, Esq. On the 13th inst., at Norwich, Robert Hull. Esq., M.D., aged 61. On the 13th inst.. George Bowen. Faq., of 1,lwnuDwair, aged 56. one of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and Deputy Lieutenaat for the county of Bembrole. On the 14th inst., at Brentford, John CIarke, Esq., aged 8S years. On the 14th ilst., at the residence of her brother-in-law, Mr. John Garnet, of Queen's-road, Dalston, Mrs. Mary Ann Coles, aged 43. On the 14th inst., at Cranbrocok, after a short illness, Mary, the wife of C. Williams, Fsq. On the l4th imt.. in his 65th year, the Right Hon. Colonel Dawon Damer, C.B., some time .3LP. for Portarlington, and afterwards for Dorchester. On the 14th inst.. at 9, Warwick-road, Paddington, Frances Louisa, daughter of James Laming, jum.. Fsq., aged 17 months. On the 14th inst., at his residence. 51. Glocester-road, Regent's-park, Charles Edward Secretan, Esq., of the Stock Exchange, in the 32dyear of his age. On the 15th inst.. at his residence, Loughborough-road, Brixton, Mr. Isaac Argent, for many years proprietor of the Rainbow Tavern, Fleetstreet, aged 63.
BOARD and RESIDENCE are OFFERED in this establishnent to married couples. ladies, and gentlemen, upon moderate terms. Apply to LA., 38, Woburn-place, r ssell-square. OARD andREiS.IDENCEM-A comfortableHOME .LDisoffered to a gentleman or namriedcouple. inthe family of a medical Msn&cnveniently situate for the city or wegt end. Addrss toy., care of lBrnsnead, IS, arlotte-stree, Fitzroy-square. ttOAR]D and RESIDENCE, or Partial B04rd, for a FgeJnu tleman ead ing tle da, the house of a profeaonia I man, without a faml or other inmates. Applypersonaljy, or by letter a to A. B.. , Bentick-street, Manchester-sqze. wOA.D and RtESIDENCB.-There is a VA- a_ ANOY for a LADY BOADER in a bigb y respectable wboolI inthe mmediate neighbourhood orWestboumne-terrae. Address 3r. Knowles, 16, Condui -street, Westbourne-terrace. (Partial or Entire) in6ludin- a handsome J> Dressing Itoom, for a rentleinau, in a first-lass deoin the immediate vicin of PWussell-square. Partial 41 ls. perveeli,no ordinary extras.-Lam tda, Farnell's hbay. Bing-stzeet,HPolbom ndR SIEDENCE (partial or entire) are OFRitooe or tlvo gentlemen, an modezate term& v;ith a sma] pnatefanly,vfihou chldrn rsidnt n adeligbtfully open par oftheCamerwll ew-oad Adres A.B.,Mr. Hunt's, sta. tioner. Cambrweal ew-od,er the gdreen. hrPuns t OAR]) and RESIDENCE.-There is vVACANCY for a GENTLEMAN, in a highy respectable house, where there are only few inmates. The breakfast arranged separately, to suit convenmence. Terms mnoderate. Addrea4C., Wellesslibrary, 3, Leighstreet, Burton-crescent. BOAR andRESIDENCE.-A lady, of good fmbreidigar tho neighbourhoDd of Relgrave-square,' and havin6a larer ho thsnshe requie, isd>ezirous to receive a marned couple andamaid, or one Lsdyor two ladies and their maid. Apply by letter to O. P., WFebster and Co.'s, 60, Piccadilly. TIZ)OARD and RESIDENCE, with superior accom- J3modation, are OBERED in the house of a gentleman and his wife, rs g in Russell-square, where a select number only are talen, wo enjoy all th comforts and conveniences of a Private bome, with thc a_vantages of cheerful and good soCietY. For cards of address apply to G. R, at Mr. Mfelvin's, 54, Southampton-rowv, Russell-square. OA^R]I and RESIDENCE.-A family of the Bhighest respcectability, residing in lflacombe, a healthy and beutiful vwateing place, in the north of Devon. wish to bave one Iady or wo f te sme amiy,to join them. Unexceptionable references willbegiven andrequired. For particulars address A. B., the Recetory ,angtrec. Torrington, Devon. B0OABD and RESIDENCE, St. John's-wood.-One GENTLEMEN or tvoTA S can be RECEIVED into a gentlemans family residmng in this pleasant andhealthylocality. heerfal society a domestic comfort will be ensured, Address roy letter with reaslnJamhe) to.A.B., Bird's library. Blenheim-terrace, DOARD and LODGING WTED, on Nottiug- L hiUor the environs, for an elderly person in search of a home i a retired private family, composed of not rmore than three elderly persons. His pension (from Government) being lmimd, he proposes to pay 25s. per veek for everything except coffee and sugar for breakfast, which he finds himself in his own room. The advertiser will require a lire in his own room untl the warm weather sets in. The above is intended for those who prefer society to profit. A reference wil be given and required. Answers to be addressed to V. M N., at Mr. Pearson's, stationer, Shepherd's-bush, near the turnpike. OARD and RESID3)ENCE.-A lady, ha;ing a hand- B some house, surnosided by extensive pleasure g.arden, wishes to receive a married eouPle, or one or two ladies and gentlemen, to reside with her. The number limited to six. The home she offers is of a superior style, the house being elegantly furaished, the bed rooms large and airy, writh the use of three sitting rooms en suite. Terms for a marries couple. f;3 Ss.; for a single person, £ i:lls. 6d, The house is situate in the best part of Stockwvel,Surrey,threemilesfrom town. Omnbusesevery fve minutes from thc west endand city. Address or apply to F. D. 5,RBuU s hibrary, Hiolies-etreet, CaredA Auae ee rences exchanged, . ~Caenslish-seuare. r-efe- BOULOGNESURMER. - Madame RMEMBERT iLpbegsto inform her friends and the publcta she has a few VACANCIES in her BOARDING IZdTAB LIHMET. Terms aoderate. Address No.4, rue des Pipots. Boulogne; and reference may be made to Joseph DeUla Torre, Esq., 70, Lamb's Conduit-at., London 1 BRIGHTON.-Board.-Alady,res dinginthewesterm Lp part of Brighton, receives a limIted number of Iadies to BOARD situate near Christ Church and Brunsnick Esplanade. References reuiiired, Termsmoderate. Address f.,careof J.D., 29,York-road, 'Brighton. 1IRIGHTON.-CAVEN MIS MANSION, Caven- LP dish-place, close to the Bedford Hotel, containing a front view of the sea, for families, ladies, and gentlemen requiring BOARD and RESIDENOR This establishment is unequaUed by any in Brighton for its supenor accommodation, healthy situation. and moderate charges. AproapectussentSree. LetterstoMf.P. Stabling. 1OR a GENTLEMIAN.-PARTIAL -BOARD Or J APARTMONTS, at 14s. per week, in a private family, wih use of pianoforte. Apply at 24, Claphani-road-place, near Xennington Chuc.pil' ][JESIDENCE and PARTIAL BOARD are RE- OIQUIRED, within 20 minutes' valk of the Bank, by a lady engagedmn busiess every day. except Saturday. Unexceptionable references w.iibe given and required. Terms must be moderate. Address, pre-paid, to Y. Y., Dawson and Sonk, stationers, 1, Abehurch-yard. VTISITORS to LONDON.-6S, Mortimer-strect.- V Well-aired BEDS, good Breafast, andSittig Room, for 4. a day, in a large private west-end house, healthily situate, near Regentstreet. A large bed room for amarried couple. Suitable forladies. Address l,rs. H., 68, Aortlmer-street, Cavendishquare. pRIVATE BOARPD.-A gentleman and ris wife re- siding at thevwest end, are anxious to meet with a LAD`, to reside with them, who would feel domesticated as one of the family. enjoying aU homecomforts with cheerful musical societv. Terms£100 pertannum. Good references required. Address A ., care of Ar. Schmidt, 15, Bridge-terrace, Harrow-road, Paddington. QUPERIOR BOARD and RESII)ENCE, near K3 Russell-square, in the newly fumished residence of a nrofessiosa gentleman. Two or three gentlemen seeking a refused -oone,With every domestic comfort, will find this very desirable. Liberal tabe provided. Terms 30s. to 50s., including attendance of man-Eervant Address R. T.. hfr. SwaUowlls, news agent, Everett-street, Russell-sq. A LADY and her DAU.GHTER, residing in the .CL icimity of Grosvenor-square, having a larger house thanthey require, would be happy to RECEIVE a lady or gentleman as BOARDER: or would accommodate a gentleman with a sitting room and bed room without board. For cards of address apply at 21, Orchard-street, Portman-square- A1TATER CURPE. HYDROPATHIC ESTA- WY BISHME1, Colethall-house, Fortis-green, Finchley, Middlesex, six miles from London. AU letters addressed to the proprietor, B. W. JACKSON, Esq. Resident Physician, Dr. H. I, fYDROPATHIC ESTABLISHMENT, Abbey- Lhouse eicester.-This Institution, situate in the country a mile from the town. was built expresly for the pupose, and ossesses every requisite and comfort. Terms 2 guneas Per week. Patients desiring bemesopathic treatment, or visitors and convalescents requi ing a change, arereceived atr aoderate weeklyrate. Physictsn,Dr Laurie. Resident MedicalDirctor, .nttenidge,Esq TO the MENTALL AFFLICTED.-A naedical J_L gentleman. F.R C.S., isdesireu of RECEIVING intohis family a LADY or GENTLEMA. whom health requires Supervision. The vacancy arises from the recent removal of a patient. T i tion afforded being of a superior description, the remmertion must be liberaL The situation is beautiful and salubrious, five milesfrom London.. A carriage is kp.Ago adn pl ylte to F.R.C.S.. M essrs. Taylor,Bothers 1, Vere-street, Oxford-street. A PARTMENTS to be LET, for a single gentleman with attendance if required, 30minutes walk from the cty.-?, Rectory Cottages, Blomdield-street north. Hingslaud-road. A PARTMENTS, Furmished, suitable for a single gentleman, where there are no other lodgers. Apply at29 Clarges-street, Piccadilly. A PARTMENT.-A large and airy APARTMENT ACL very comfortably Furnished as sitting room and bed room, for a singlegentleman. A pplyat 4, N orthampton-square Gowli-road. /. o be -LET, oone A SITTL?[G and one or tvwo BF.D ROOMIS, onmioderate terms. Apply, personay, at No. 1, Essex-place, Grange-road, or bypetter pre- APARTMEN'TS, hnndsomely Furnished; Consist- ing of a good drawing room and twobedrooms, in the house of an independent widow lady. No oilier parties in the house but the occuPier and servant. It is close to Inverneas-tersce and KIensington. gardens. Address S. F., Porehester library, Queen'-road, Bayswater. A PARTMENTS to be LET, genteelly Furnished, for aa sigeentleman, or a gentleman and his wife-a drawing room, with one or two bed rooms, in the house of a respectable family, consistingofagentlemanandhis wifeonly. Applyat4, Cottage-road, Harrow-road, near the railroad, APAge\tENTS to be LET, furnished or unfur- nesh handrome parlours (the one as sitthig, the other as bed room):; suitable for a single lady or gentleman; situate in the best pat of Hackiney. Attendance if required, Terms moderate. 3No other lodgers. Auddress, pre-pald, to H. C., MIr. Adams's.1, Triangle, APARTMENTS to he LET, Furnished, on moderate terms, i one of the most healthy parts of 6ravend-a drawi rom foor, or bed rooms with or without sitting room r suited for ciy gentlemen. NotObjectiontoanfinvahd: every attention and krinders A ET, a nig FRNISllED o lTTIe G and BED ROOm, suitable for a single gentleman, in a pretty semi-detshed cottagle, commanding extensive views, a quarter of an hours ws lk from the Forestb. hill Station. Terms very moderate. Address ilL M,, Perry-hill, Syden- ham, KenFCt. EiNTS.-WANTED, bvet's-pbro , en- Brompton. References will be given and required rddress, stating terms, to T. W. H., care of Mr. Parkins t stationer, 2, Church-street, APARTT IETS WANTED, with full board, for a gentleman andhisson. Unfornished, lAthattendance, pieferred, consisting of a sitting room and one large or twwo smaUer bed roo vith water-closet im the house, if on the same door desirabl, suitable for a gentleman emippled by paralysis. In the house of a resnectable motherly idow, and the neighbourhood of Rtegent's-ark, Camdentown, PamrL or Keniugton-park would be preferred. A permausury prebable if approved of. Apply, with full particulars, and with ton-street, Gray's-inn-rosa. oA B,9 m B.ambrnby-park, and consisting of drawingroom and either one or twvo bed rooms. Terms moderate. Apply at 14, Hunmtingdon-street, Barns- TURN1ISHED APARTAIENTS.-TO be LET, close to Glocester-gato, Regent's-park, a handsomely FURNISHEDDRAWINGR OOM,withBedltoom commtmicating. Terms, with attendance,Xli per week.-A c B., are of Dr. Broxholm,29,Albert- FURNISHED APALRTMIENTS.-Bloomsbury TWO argcomfortlablgeBED lrO :rtohadn omAely and substantial Furnishe , in a rivatehous, of whkichno other partnlet. Aplyto Hammond and Esloaart, hhouuse agoenmts. 28.hancoothery-lant et. Apyt FU7RNISHED APARTMhIENTS with or without Partal Board, near Blaekfrnars-bridge, Snrrey side.-A DRAW1- ,address (ifby letter, Peat plaide) to Mr. J. Poent oal mecat II YoL road, Lambeth. ~ ~ ~ ~ b 1IURRNISHED APARTMENTS, in the house of a JuPrivate gentleman, in a good square on the :Hyde-park Estate. for the season or longer period-two large drawing rooms and two bed rooms, handsomely furnished, with good attendance. Accommodation for servants if required. Terms moDderate. Address H. H_, at Attryde's, stationer, Seymour-street, Edgeware-road., IPURNISEHED APARTMENTS Bucldn-Tha-gate. J9n -iA DRAMWIG ROOAI and BEID kOOM\ to beT.T I,Ei3e Frnised Good cooldng and attendanre, aud every domestic comfort. Terms ze pertweek, or less to single gentlemen, for a permanency. A second bedroom if required. Address. 3, Charlotte-street, Fflt3RNISH APARTAIE NTS.-To be LET, in 1 . eedTeigbouroodof Russell-square, consisting of tvwo elegmtUy drawing rooms, two or more good bed rooms, as may be qued- The entrance-hallhandsome, andlighted with eas. Arsmall gardern inthe rear. Thecsoil insgravelly. The situzation is particularly helh.-G ., 48. Upper Gowver-street. lIi'URNISHED APARTAIENTS.-Greenwich lLevwisham, or Blackheathn-A gentleman REQUJIRES a SIi. PTIN RfuOOM and BED ROOMf, (drawinzg room adoor preferred,) in either of the above localities, ana near the railwaY station. Address. tag pariculars and lowestterms by the month, toJ. P.,newspaper dice. 9, BlcL-heath.hi Greenwich. Good.sitsmtiou and large wellfurnIshed rooms indispensable. FUJRNISHED >ARTMIENTS.-A DRAWING ROOM FLvOOR, fitted up as sittng room and bed room, deI ghtflly situate, open back and front, withfin five minutes' walk of Belerave squarm, to be L,ET, by a. party of the highest respectability. Suitable for agetenaen, or a lady wlith her Ownv servant. To be 1et bj the yearoly, Has been us the occupation of one lady for 13 years, Bisect; to X. Y. Z., Stanesbys,s post-offlce. Sloane-street. 2I'URNISHED APARTMENTS REQUIRED, in & the house of a private family, where no other inmates are'recoined; to consist of irawing room3 partial use ofdinigroom, and three bed room s- one double-bedded'). The neighbourhoods of Tavi. stock aad,vtell squares or Porsand place preferred Referen exchanged, Address, stating termns, w7hirh must bemoderate, and in. elude the' use -of plate, linen,,.and attendance toKA. 0,,eao o FURNISHED APARTMENTS, at No. 20, New. ud4eet, Chester-aqii re-C16eperweek. Wonldbe acomfortable home for one or two gentlemen. FUENlKISH APARTMENTS for a single gentle- t man, at13, Guififord-rod, South-treet, Greeunwish- Seven btee' warlk from the Greenich Station. I S n.1S V BED ROOI, for-i agentleman eaJ L aed out g the day, for 1s, Werwel at38, Old Bond. neet, 4 ht oor .c: Pioo=dllr AIso a Frise Bitatg and }led Boom for21. per week, attendance nluded. FVUNISBF AP T TS.-To be E JUFI ST FLOOR, condstiDg of dravingandbedroom;situate in theClapham i ooAd Addre. 35, Clapham-road-plae, ennington-park. Incluivre terms E1 per week. I 'TNFURNISH A APARTMENTS to be LET, in I- the neighbourhood of Hyde-park, situate on the first floor; with ma and waterlaid on. Address Y.Z-, Jones'slibrary, 84, Connaughtterrace, Edgeware-road. -FTNFURNISH, APARTMENTS WANTED, by 4L) a lady and gentleman (without famil in a healthy and respectablc neighlbourhood. vithiutbree miles ovf lainn6ss cr3 onsisting of three rooms and kitchen; orforroomas one of which might be used S a kitchen: if with a garden, of which the gentleman could have the rnanagemenat it lwouid be preferred. Rent not to exceed £30 per annum. Addres IT, 31r. Lindle's advertising agent and publisher, 19, Catherine-street, Strand. rro be LET, a BED ROOM and SITTING ROOM .L (on the ground floortneatly Furnished, with attendance, l2I. aweelL ApplytoA.M,, nnisonuslibrary, 2,Kesington-park-road, t7otting-hil ?fo be LET, TWVO light FLOORS, with gas and other conveniences, for workshops, in the upper part ofahouse, -near Paternoeter.row. For particulars3apply to nIr. Jones, 27, Milk: street, Cheapside, F ARGE ROOMS, suiitable for artists, professors of L4 music, ein and dancing, for classes or private lessons, or for lectures, to he LET. Apply onl the premises, 76, Hariey-street, CaTendish-square. 1jiARM-HOUSE APARTMENTS (Euping Forest, L nearLoughton Railway), Cusisti of sittinganatwoormnore be rooms. Extensive view. Terms moderate. Also, two-stall stable if required. AddresslA. B., post-office, Highbeach. RYAN'STOyx SUARE (adjoinin).-Tobe LET handsomely HED AATE STS, consisting of double drawing room, dining rdom,bedanddressmg rooms, Address 0. D., 3, Windham-place, Bryanston-qur J2[AMPSTEAD.-FRISHED A~PARTM~ENTSK k.L consisting of handsome drawing room Door. and an extra b!4 room if requiredL Firstrate attendance, The family is small and there are no other lodger.-A. D., Belgrave-house, Dowushire-hilL DIOFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN or others REJ .L(IRING the UdE of a DRAWING and WAIrING ROOM for a few hours in the day, two or three times a week, may be suited at oS, laymarket (private house). First-das bed rooms for gentlemen only. T)RIGHTON.-A lady, residing in the Royal CresL9 cent, dnding the hones larger than she require wishes to LET the DRAWVING ROOMS, with three or four good Bed Rooms, for a permanency, with good attendanoe; or the whole house might be had furnished. Address. S. a. post-office, Bedford-street. 0 be LET, Furnished, near the parks, the UPPER TPART of a IHOU SE, containing dining and drawingroome, two bestbed rooms, dressing room with bath, servants' room, and closet. Applytotheservantin charge, at the private door, 15, Down-street, Piccadilly. 1¶0 GENTLEMlEN ENGAGED during the DAY.- A comfortable rwell FUNISAXI) BED ROOM and uae of Sitting Room, with a private family. Terms Gs. Cd, per week, if with breakfast 4s. extra. Apply at 4, Mexican-terrace, Caledonian-road, PentonTlle. rpO LADIES whose INCOAME are IIITD-A -t F]RST FLOOB APIARTAIM to beIET nmihdwt the joint use of back kitchen. Rent 3s, 6dpr . ek ppi to Miss 2ekforde-street, Clerkenwell. Satiactory references may be NTRX ENSINGTON-GARDENS.-To be LET, 1handsomely Fnnished, a B ROOM and BBREAKFAST PARLOUS to a gentleman who is engaged from home during the day. No other lodger. Apply, pre-paid, to S.D., post-office, High-street, Kensington. Terms moderate. PARLIAMENT-STREET.--The UPPER PART of aHOUSE to be LET, as chambers, consisting of six rooms, suitable fora professional gentlemen, or forthe offices of apublie com- Lany. Rent, with the use of fittings, £70 per anmum. Inquire at 22, ar ament-street. QLOANE-STREET, opposite the Cadogan-gardens. -A DRAWING ROOM FLOOR, with every convenence, to be LET, in one of the besthouses in Sloanestreet, unfmisbed. To a respectabletenants it willbe let on very modemae terms. Apply at 109, T° DRAPERS' ASSISTANTS, Clerks, &o.-PenT tonvile Chambers, Southampton and Winchester streets, Pentonville.-SLEEPING ROOMS. Sitting, Breakfast, and Dining Rooms, with fire, gas, and attendance, from 4s. per wveek; no extras. Employers forwarding their vacancies will be promptly attended to. HARROW.-To be LET, PART of a FURNISHTED .lHOUSE, suitable for a parent whose son or sons attend the public schooL It is situate on the top of the hill, has a large garden, and is within one minuWs walk of the schooL Address Alpha, post-office, HOUSE, in the city.-PART of a good HOUSE, in Lae-street, to be LIT, consisting of four large rooms. with spaeious kitchen and affies; suitable for dwelhng-house, offices. or light goods warehouse. Rent only £50 per annum. No rates or taxes. Apply at 44, Lime-street, city. Also a large and convenient Loft, for per annum. NEAR RUSSELL-SQUARE. - FURNISHED ENAPARTA TS consisting of first and second floor, in the house of a professional gentleman, residing in one of the principal streetsleadingintolRussell-square. Termstwoguineasper week. For cards of address, T. K., Kimpton's ibrary, 6S, Great Russell-street, P.!oomsbmr,-square, NKORTH WALES, Merionethshire.-To be LET, a SI1TTLNG ROOL with one or two bedroomsas required, in a very respectable house, in the post and market town of Corwen, with superior cooking and attendance. The house is beautifully situate within five minutes' walk of the river Dee, which abeunds in fine trout and gryling. Forfurther particulars apply to E. S. L, P., postoffce, Corwven. ,{ REIED PHYSICOALW,livgin one of the best Amstreets in Piccadilly, is sendmg his family to the sea-side for two or three months, and wold ET the greater PART of his HOUSE, whichis very quiet, and meet comfortably fumished, for the abeve penh andae are four or five bed roms, agoo dawing room, a large bracy, adinding room, after 12 ock.e The services of a cook. housemaid, and footman if requird Terms from seven to eight gineas per week. Address K.V. Z., MSr. Barlow's, 5, Corron-atreet, tOEQ AY-Tobe LET, ?unshled, during the aeognt aLady who wihsto leave herresidence for a few months in summer, including litchen fire and full attendance, twvo sitting rooms, two good-sizedt bed roomsq and dressing room, with servant's sitting room and bed room. Within afewf minutes' walk of the town, and in the immediate vicinity of the most beautiful walkis and drives. Terms modemate, if taken for several months by ladies or a gentleman and lady. Address G. 1L, poet-office, Torenay. C HAM1EERS.-A grentleman is desirous of LET- TING his RESIDENCE3 CH7ABE:RS, well Furished, for a few months, or longer, if desirable. They are situate inna most agreeable and cheerful inn, and consist of a sitting room and bed room, with ase of Xitchen, wfater-closet, Aic., and replete wfith every convenience. Address, post paid, to S. P., care of Messrs. Rixon and Arnuold, etaiones, 29 Poultry. L be LET, a desirable SET blon g to a i l e Thereceptionandmoruingrooms i mloftypainted eilings; ther is a Gothic billiard ordiningroom, bed, dressmg, and bath rooms. The entrance to servants' room3, litchen, cellars, tb., may be kept distinct. To view apply to the Secre- ary,lbad y a Ad resdL,pos off-rceudillay. HAFBICES.-WAgTEt bya respectable married J Toman, the CARE of sEie CFFI ES. She has lived 12 years in her oresent situation, and can have an excellent recommendation. Apply to A. B., 32. Upper King-street, Bloomsbury-square. O FFICES or CHA24BERS,-A splendid SUITE of ground floor OFFICES, of three room,ada ndtedfora professionai mas, pubitc company, or institution, to bele. tw esitueryon is elect, contra], and of tnow value. For address apply to Messrs. Brooks and Beal land agents, 209. Piceadillv. REET,.-To be LaET a * FRE capital, large, light, roomy OFFTCES, on the first and second floors of premises in the best part of the above street. Either fleer maybe had separately Apply to tir. Boye, auctioneer, 3 Abchurch-lane, Lombard-street, OUISE and SHOP WATTED, in a good busimness neighbourhood, Apply by letter to E. H., lMr. Carpenter's, , lover-roaa, Islilngton. Tl OUhSE WCATED, in the neighbourhood of he Brompton or Eyawater. Must have net less than three sitting and six bedrooms, with good domestic offices and a moder3te-size,. garden. Iettersto AB., care of the housek,eeer, 6. Crosby-square, city. FOFIE HOSE AGENTS and others.-WVSTEDo ground ooro Oand three miles of the city. a seven-roomed HOUSi. Rent not to exceed w£30 per alnum. Address, pro-pid, to A. d. Keats' lbrany, Sloane-street, Chelsea FREEHOLD BUILDING AATIT WANTED, to PURCHASE or L.EASE, in the nei hbeurhoodo£ L,ee or Bew-- isbams. Particulars to be forlardedgto Mr.oorloy, (, Portman-street, 11) GENT'"s.PARK9.-WANTED, to PUJRCHASE ecn for occupation, in 00001 theterraces, amoderate sized FAIthY HOUSE. Adress, writh full particulars and terms, to A. B., essrA. Ralph's, 110, Strand. 1I'RM WATED.-WANTED, by a gentleman in L'towvn,to RENT, for aterm of years, aFARM of abSout250 aeres, of mixed soiUS with a good residence and out-buildings, in t.he inme diate neighbourhood of Lodon. Apby to P C. 1 Censall-terrare, Kensallcgreen. 'i' EENT'S-PARK.-W TED, to RENT, inten d omtely. on the east side of the prt an unfunished mederatedsixed HoOUSE, in good repair, c Part of theafurniture might be purchased if ap)proved o£~ Address full particulars and termls toga B., ears of tr. Elgood, 9h, Wunpole-street, FURNISEED and UNFuRNISthED HOUSES.- Mt. A. BOOTHb ,IST of RESIDENtCES to be LrET or SOLD may be obtained on application, or bypost. For particulars apply to Mr. Abraram Booth. auctioneer and house agent, aL Carlteh.hhl' Villas, CamDden-road.. opposite the) Bredlmeek Ac. HOBRNIS I I HOULSE.-WANTEI), in June, for L> twvo, three, or fourTmonths, TWO SITT1NG and FOUJR BED ROOMS, near a station, and not more than half-au-hour fromL the London-bridge. Watersoo. or Great NorthernlTenninus. NeinihbourhoodUof CystaPalacenot obectedto. Address, stating full particulars and lowest terms, to House, Savage nd Smith's, Temple. (IOUNTRY W TESIDENCE.-WDNTED, to REnT for the summer months, from the 1st of May, a well FUrNISHEI) RESIDENCE. containing five besthbedrooms, threc sitting rooms, goodkitchen and goweregadens, andthebuialdoffices; withinman hour of Berkeley-square. in a dryhealthy situation. Two or three good servants mightbeleftif desid. Particularstoubersent to rArbr, house and estate agent, l, Mount-street, Berkeley-square. 0 LANDOWNERS Estate Agents, and others.- TWAINTED, to PURCIASE, in the coumties of Kent, Sussex, or Surrey, within 30 or 40 miles of London and Brighton, a well-built and commodious FAMILY RESIDNCE, with about 150 acres of good pasture land. The house, which must be in a dry healthy situation, and commanding a good view, should contain not less than four or five reception aud 1S or 20 other goDd rooms, with the usual offices; a greenheuse or conservatory, and hothonses, with a good walled garden, and stabling for six horses are requisite, and a supply of goodwater is indispensable. Address, post paid, stating nil particulars to A. B., postoffime, aidstone. Kent. 0 be LET, sea-side COTTAGE, Seaford, Sussex3 T Nine rooms. On a knoll, in enclosed garden. Open view of downs. Apply to Mr. Banks, Seaford House, Seaford, Sussex. 0 be LET, at Willesden, TWO detached TIHOUSES, containing nine rooms, coach-house, stable, large gar den, with other convenienCeS; well supplied with water, Rent £45 and £65 r annum. For particulars inquire at K iburn-mill, Edge- v, re-roa(L FPO be LET, a superior newly Furnished 13-roomed .L BOUSE, lighted vwith gas, good entrance hall, and small garden front an-d rear. A Broadwood's piano would be left. Or the above would be let, urfurnished. and the furniture may be talen ata vIluation. Terms moderate. For cards apply to 3Mr. Barr. houre agent, c., 12, Westbourne-place, Westbourne-terrace. ro be LET on LEASE: or Sold, with Jinnediate a possession, WARWICK I ODGi;Addison-read, KZeusin-'ton, containing dining room, drawing room,wiet consernatory attsce, ry breakfast room, eight bed rooms, dgresing room, kng hen, cller housekeeper's room, btler'spantry, d owterlise replete with every convenience. A gardenl front and hack, Rent 150 guineas per annm.L Apply to 3Mr. Scott, on the premises, T °¶ be LET, a convenient HIOUSE, ecno risLng two J.good-aised bedrvooms and dressingrzoom,dining andaras,ingroorns housekeeper's room, kitehen, Ac. two water-cbonets, good larder, china closet, and every convemience, with large garden attached. NHo. a Park. road, Regent's-park, near the Hanover-gate, and in the route of the cityad Westmnterombuses. Thehonsehasbeenputinexcellent zepair. and will be let on leasefor aterm of about nmeyers, at he Rent Cof0 guineas. Apply tofr, Blyth, 31. Park-terrace, Regent's-park' ro be LET, FMunished, within an hour's ride of Lon. -L don, and half-a-mile from thb railway station. a fashionable VIA; containigfour ttingro , cinelae bed ditto, bath ditto. te mt4go kilehenl oslara6e, e lehreSl:d n wter and a freeralatleketbyanytrain. TChisrs be found a desirsasl opportunityl as the present occupier is aot to leave, andt rottlductobetto eellorgv Zeolaee, Applyto .B.,RallwayHIotel, 0 eLT(72, Hatton-gard3en), large WARB: T AGUS andMOLAR Inqire o Mr.H. £. Reason, on the MO be LET, upon LEASE, by the freeholder, TWO JLloftyj lsge,-anad most substantial, soundBtfLDIIMS (formery Ssasriss), situate clo,e to the water-side and the Strand. Adaptedfcg manufacturing or warehousing uroosps. Apply to Mlr. Salmon, 25. lesStaion Coch-oue ad sablng orone horse and carriag. Appy b lete, pst ai, tA.Z,pst-ffie,Forest-bill, Sydenbasa, U b LE asemi-detached HOUSE. Trhreebe go,water,.largea=rde,pny stable ad chaisehouse- 'Within half & nulleOf sStation, rituate 1 miles from London. Remt;LiOper annum. For Address apply to Mr. Bucek. library, Turner's-bill, Chesbuut. Herta. Also one of the same deecription.furmished. 0bLE,mANuFACTuRiNG PREMISESl T c=Phdng26 sacios yd, lrge orksop.cottage, andaoo dwelling-heuse, illenclosewitbint iown gates. Reut of thewo on lease, £70a yeaLr;or the yard and worlshop only can )behd if desired. The origina Lease, at only;efita year, can be purchased. Apply to M1r. Salmon. 23. Buckljerzbury, city. T<F¶ beLET5fro thelstof ay, a MALNSION, itt ther about beautifle parofteVl of Uske, with tishing (perfect) 4000 acres. The mansion is wl unse.wtrli noe h house, nine hours' from Londo.Tbeltoraemorfrhesmncr season only. For rent,atcir,&k ppyt r ilas Altereanrlsi, Breeon, South als rio BO an SHOE :NLAA ERS.-To be BIB. LPOSED' OF, a. BUSINESS in the above line in the west end. Applyto John Stewart, 32 Little Windlmi-stre,etG. {lolen-SQU2re. mo CON ISIRCHANS.-TObe LET, an oldL established C RNUSMNESS, in al rarearlkettown. l4mileg fromHydepar Ren ofshop and premsslw andterms moderate. For artculrs ppl at13, ,.rino-rect.Regen's-park. acrs o suer Or DLAND, ~ticlar aplyt MrJ.Adan, saeagent, Hart's-hilll,Tatcham. Ff e SL,by private Contract, by order of the T. Executors, a most excellent well-built convenient and cooamnodious VILLA RESIDENCE, with the beautiful modern Furniture, and a large garden, in the nelghbourbsood of Balls-jond, Islington., Apply by letter to J. It, 3, Albert-road, Quoen!s-road, Dalston. ru'o be DISPOSED O.F_the GOODWILL, CornJLoexion. and Furniture of the V1ICTORIA NEWS ROOM. Manchester, whienbhasbeen establisheciopwards of six, years. and vould. bie transerred on favourable terms. Apply onthe premises, 77A, )far.. ket-street, Manchester, rpo be SOL, tpa6pecn.,a RENT of £90, JL arising from a xein os.wt shop, near Hyde-pakrksqnsre, for a long tr,a lwgoarn;udre pnlae o whicei a large prmun-apadmaigternceti,ndlgbe for Ladies rqiigawl-eue urel noe ihu rul rpO GROCERS an HEEOGEMS.-To beg LIdT.itheaboe lne,an ld-stalisedSHOP, in the bigh road abnttw mies fom hereitc Chuch.It ha% been in the rr0 BUILDERS.-Fo-ar anda half acres of FREE-- TLHOLD LA.XD for SALE, nea-r Fambharn (or Excoanged for a small ouse near London) : a good openig for a brickcnasing trade. Also to be let onx lese for 1,0DD years. rent Is. a year p-er foot frontage, capital site forhubading, good soil. Particulars of B. Han- ana, land agent, Ash, Surrey. FUG IL ad CLOURMEN-Tobe DISPOSE]) .LOF theLEAS of OUSEand HOP,in an im roin nigh. nowcloed coseqene o th dlheathof the proprietor. The stadin fiturs aso o b dspoed f a a airvalatin.Apply to 710G OCR.Mr eerBod of28, Poul.try, .Lhas for DSOA (owingtotheflllhealth of the proprietor), a geuinecoCE , situate in one of the principal thorougbf are, in, Brighton. Present returns £1,000per annum; but under the management of an energeti principal the trade may be doubled. Merely a, valuation of st.ock andfixtuxresiszrequired Applyattheauction AwA valuation offices, 25, Plonltry. fl~O beKE GAROSDENERSa GweelUngrocersVn HOUher cosestiug Dwoftnrom and tnihtae instuctedtome D fiSPS ant oo ad CB en.ROCit'sBSNS,state in ah etpro rmtn hihly prespecabl pardtopuiousleighbouprhoenod. vrgemA persons e weekca cormfuraDtherO particr appyna thes anportuices 47,c Mortimer-sturs, Cllvedichsquaoenre. tee,PcwUy beO eTon SPOSEnteD w.ort, -ad,well gton,geHEDwel butHOUSE, consaisting ofte rooms, and, wheusualedomestic marble mathlgoodcgarden, situat pivathe baesa itopartgepl of gromton th rniat bac~bout£20ll findtbysa)opuotu5fety. whqirh elom r.uton,ill-bealt 31,. Coventysreetowa. Piccadilly. jetet .L ItIh G SPAEOorte HETOUSof WndSHOPS.to Tboe LET oES, in the aboewnderenethrad,blingd ione yarsenteeatell bui7lateHOUsE, contaiig ih W rooms,nder.,wl Ho tteonLwith a loom andktleiches,n, with private gatewayd inoD Fa,i l eargexpee f rond at byack abgoutd18ofeetby abeutlfbedibed . I ddireonrDthtesoketplumer CHA-T,in heothe ouEntry,westatablishedaIyars.nThestocg.t bvertaken Mark-lane, city. ~ ~ ~ yers.Sais Ff0 the SHOE ThAJE.-A HOUSE and SoP the L heLEDTO, i h abovdestrade.sBeen eStbINShe five yhears.eSituae, inohemadingroa Ftand, mrein onae oh bet woiesfromd therogcity. Ra Prhoisespatedi glassfrnt.an Woksopsuderyl. Heouecntlay oopltix room andoraitcen, wit pvaedoo andl goottd. gArdxclen. Average-mreyturnsde0 adyear, atnoo profietsCold bepdoubed by adduingeth bepoke trade. For address, apt2i, 4,abound-couret, Waboostexsur. Tf JOINTWMTErsye-tl- PRACTICE for Dubic hPOhhsAL,n j.. intth onorthEom offnlad wheilestbalished and chincreaig Average facoryntrdurionwil b gien,andundubed vucaerificationsofnthe stance to Verax, 143, Strand.s vit OT TINCO GSHanLL-NF3 TIp eumorS. 210 b DS-. POse-D OF,ranblde tXAbOLshedBUSIESS vin the above lice,a Premies fitedingos elegant 1,and3 m odentye.rce-lcentl completelyzand, dWabeforatvl rearedn an reftted. bauexcellexnituredadyr-moe trade doinge,tad oanbegral insorSo edb ppytausiess spagadartyrAp ly o r lar. Pagetshing, s2,uraeyoursnOlia-street, andeserSqu t.Alas JOI inth RIotE eh cfl nom h ulcta ehscn startneso estaLe somenothe motvlaleadc9ce,N £100to 1800,thateilyilditeresTo tote purchasr of 8OD pe dent.- reay fr dlsvsp,AudnY b hadIgratis byeapp fulyng ituthefie, a0, ticlsrwilbegien,Pesoumingutee diStancebmay Crh,avaevtePropery Crcuarforardd o temdyinclsig two portage stamps brfwit their address.drssngorn wthecelet o bESHO HuSdES, wedithSos L e cornR,bEiNg O RD7,,9n0,andI, onerell-pAc,PRloello-oad mogr,Ao,to be LET, ihlrgeD gapply, wthiesa, Page andCa alf ofth landwaen tsando sreors th , Olda Broadstereet, andSy. Aneclletans. l ofEP WIGHT.-To,preferableOsie,-UNAbeISOLD ineth Fmonhoa,uls isposedbeutifuby private coShl,ntaract,e ahne, exceletaspciuslawnREIod ECe, with large garen; sequlte to free-th horl ad, eas ingoyod,in herti boue cornpaisbrticularst applyng air. drames, eostate agent,e 19, Breinitcne; orullerB, P.o Fatroenh,51 wet acrin ) thHIL,esegaso. bepl LET or. SamulDPi, desj-rt _t,LirbENdTached FAINILY RESIDENCE, batFully sitae,ad masondr isoil,awithin thparee minuts'ofel Stimbohn' Cihurch,lfa ndievn minutheas'fthem Raiwa, cont ainn dining and drawing rooms, brak-fatd room and library,dsvebedrinoipa and drve secindaygrooms.ihxeletwdo- mesi-c oafficoues, andahalf pan dd- i2 acreo are. Rn For gui:nea.s per cannm, Aovepply to Mr. TdGnorph ln,dbilert. 3edhitll'i. tOETRSI-o be T,wt ag adn ihnamLET and a half of a-h monwllstato ofmtheGreatd Westerni Riwy nelent abode-RKI)E Z -t foasreafmiy inthroughs miubsouttal ande ofrnc amenturepadr ontainng,zw dniheroomma, bratk1fastlnaptnltl and drwnfom,nn ood1 bed- ~chameds wate-clsetcaptaldomsticoffces coclahe heralthg, lare gardn.e For ard tovie aply prsoall toSIr Roins asa Covtentgarden. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ tm er-hlfnz TSLE of WIGT.-To be LT, PO2il Oar V1iLLAon wihaspaciouan, aH odsave,adwl shie,terie LromThe noThean castv wintds Th hos conainl rekat,dnnl n plandsute oguces, withablgo od ard-uen, cachhoe andsalngie qu.ired.ispuellsqupleadmwih-.teonr.niet rsreart0gies e wheekaordith thle Rwa seasion. Appyto r.dg amul, Pig wot 17rENT.-A FAMILY RESIDENC~e,airsranled,in and heeingove 1,00 ares toe LT, mortcomo yeablTemanio i pacd i apak ansomlytibeed wihi hlfa il EA INGTON.-Cook-es, Sous, and Meres are in- LEsAtrumcted to announce that the furst-c-lass FAMTILY SSAiSION.V NO. 20, York-terce for a series of years in the private oceonption of the late Sir Edward Mostyn Er,,r .and the late0CoiurtGranville_ Erii.1 being now under repairs, which wil be completedl in a few weeks. and having received many imnportant additions to the furniture, wij be LET. Furnished, for thegsummer menths. The mansion, affording accommodation for a numerous family, contains dining room Slit, by 110 ft. S in.. momizag room 27 ft. 6in.by 19 ft.3 in., two elegant dIrawing rooms 32 ft. 6 in. by 31ift., and 22 ft. by 20 ft. respectively, six large heat chambers, three dremang rooms. and six servants' chamnbers, as also bedroomnsfor lady's-maids and housekeepers off thbback clairces.e. The deommsic offices are very superior, and of a suitable charactcr to the style of house. AIpplyTo Cooker,Sons. and Mleres, aIuctioreers and estate and house agents, Leeamiugton, (o. 811.) UNTING UA TR,for- the COnsuis-igeason, H in thebest at of the "Wrikshire Country", and near to the mnost favourit meats of Lord Hedesdale's and kr. AnstretbEr Thomeon's Hounds.-Cookes, Sons, and Mores, have instructions to LE-T, orom Michaelmas next. for six mouths, a desirble well FURENISXEEI COINTRY RESIDENCE, situate in apartitularlyplcasrant locality, within a mile and ahalf of a good miarket, and five mile-s from a station on the Oxford. Worcester and Wolverhampton Railway ; containing a handsome enitrance-hall three spacious reception rooms, six- betbe rooms, twro dressing rooms, seven servants' dormitories andL anecessary offices. The stabling and out-offices are all that a sposteonman can desire being of sabstautial modem eonstniction, epoen boxechnle epeent stals bensared, and comprising four large loose boxs,fiv ecelen stll, and three coacha-houses, farm buildings te. The rent is moderate, andt will include the keeping no of the groand and gardens, rates and taxes,t.Apyt Messs ok os n Itteres, auctioneers,estate andhouseagents,Leamington. (Fo. 470.) 1~jfDDLEBILLnear Wimborne Minster, Dorset. .kLL-heExcutooft leate Tohn Greenwood Esq., hb -. o offer for ALI byPriateContract, thin delightfully situate COTTAGEg ThEiCE,wit coah-huseand siabling adjoining, together 'with abot 0 aces f lnd.The cottage standls on an elevated Eituation, and ommaden eryextensive view including the Isle of Wight, Canfor Cste, herier toy.andrmany other points of attraction. The lansswll.oodd,.ndafford perfectahseiter. it is situate about a mil an a alffro th ton,and the same distance froM the railwaystaion an inwitinan our' diveof hefashionable wateririgp lceofBorneouh.Thre ai edoedgrammar school inWim- ~~~~~~~~~~~aZ Is. per arnmor. The ottgehs asouhernaspct,andtheeina good garden, together - wit'~gadeer' cttgeatachd.Th poprtyisfcehld 7cr, furter artculrs ad t -sew he stat aply o Tos.Rawliaks,
Jn thc LONDON GAZETTE of Tuesday, April 15. LORD CHA3MBERLADP&OFylcE- ApRL 14. - Notice is hereby giVeD that Her Majesty will hold Drwing-rooms at it. James's Palace on the following days at 2 o'clock:- Taesday, April 29. Thursday, May 29, to celebrate HerMajesty's Birthday. 7.. The Knights of the several Orders are to appear in their collars at the Drawing-room on the 29th of My. REGULATIONS TO BE OBSERVED AT THE QUEES'S DsEAwNmxcG-aoos AT ST. JAmES'S PALACE; The ladies who urpose to attend Her Majestys Drawig-roomls, at St. James's Palace are requested to bring with them two large cards with their names clearly written thereon, one to be left with the Queen's Page in attendance im the ante-room, and the other to be delivered to the lord Chamberlain, who will announce the name to Her Majesty. Those ladies who are to be presented at the drawing.room ,on the 29th of April are hereby informed, it is absolutely necessary that their names,with the names of the ladies who re to present them, should be delivered at the lord Chamberlain!s office on Saturday, the 26th of April, by 12 O'clock, ,oron any earlier day, between the hours of U and 4 in order that they may be submitted for the Queen's approbation; it being Hrer Majestys command that no presentation shal take place unless the name of the lady presenting, together with that of the lady to be presented, shall appear on the card to be delivered to the Lord Chamberlain, whichnames shall correspond with those previously sent in to the Lord Chamberlain'soffice. No presentations will tae place at the dd-awing-zoom on the 29th of May. Itis particularlrequestedthat in every case the names ea very distinctly written upon the cards to be delivered to the Lord Chamberlain, in order that there may be no defficulty in announcing them to the Queen. The State apartments will not be open for the reception of company coming to Court until half-past 1 o'clock. APRIL 1. -Notice is hereby given that Her Majesty will hold a Levee at St. James's PaLace on Wednesday, the 7th of May next, at 2 o'clock. FOREIGN-OFFICE, APRIL 14. The Queen has been pleased to approve Dr. John William Mackenna as Consut-General in Australia for the Argentine Confederation. - BOARD OF TRIADE, WBITEHALI, APRIL 14. The Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Ambassador at Paris, enclosing copies of the following French Imperial decrees, renulating the export and import duties apon certain articles:- "1. Animals intended for agricultural purposes. agricultural implements and machines, as also agricultural products of all kinds arriving from foreign parts, duly certiied at the frontier Custom-house as intended to be shown at the Universal Exhibition (Concours lJniversel), to oe opened at Paris for the years 1856 and 1S57, will be admitted, accordingly as the exhibitor may desire, either on deposit of the amount of import duty, under bond to pay-the duty chargeable or under engagement to re-excport the animals or articles within four months, at the expiration of whEich period all sums deposited on account of such dnimaLs or articles will be appropriated by the Treasury. Prohibited articles received for the Exhibition will be admitted to home consumption on payment of a duty of 20 per cent. upon their actual value. This charge will be the marimum amount of duty levied upon any article aduittedto the exhibition. "2. The import duty upon freestone (pierres Jel taiZle), of 5 centimes per 100 Idlos. is abolished. "S3. The town of Besancon (Doubs), is accorded an entrep<,t for prohibited and non-prohibited goods under the conditions prescribed by the laws and regulations, and particularly Article 10 of the laws of the 27th of February, 1832." The Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have also received,ithrough the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copyof a despatch from Her Majesty's Minister at Naples, enclosing the following translation of a resolution passed by the Neapolitan Board of Health, with respect to the quarantine to be observed by vessels comaing from eastern ports, together w>ith other sanitary regulation:- "1. That all *-essels coming from the Sea of' Marmora from the Bosphorus, and from the Black Sea, shall be subjected to a quarantine of 10 days, with the purification of the goods, and the airing of the articles in use, in lazarettes of the first class only. " 2. That vessels coming from other ports of the Ottoman empire and from Greece shall be subjected to seven days' quarantine of observation, to begin from the time that the parification of the articles in use shall take place. "3. That vessels coming from Malta and the Ionian Islands, in order to be admitted to free pratique, shall be furnished with a certificate from the Royal Consul, certifying that in those islands, and especially in the military and civil hospitals, there are no persons attacked with typhus fever with the symptoms lately manifested in the East; in default of which they shall be subjected to the same quarantine of observation of seven days. "4. Iastly, that vessels on board of which, during their passage, there shaQl have been deaths or persons attacked with the above-mentioned disease shall be refused admittance." WAR DEPARTMENT, PALL-MAJLL, APRILn 15. 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards.-George Eugene Logan, gent,, to be Cornet, without purchase, vice Powell, promotetd. Scots Fusileer Guards.-Ensign and Lieut. Thomas F. S. Fothringharn to be Lieut. and Capt.. by purchase, vice Gregory, who retires; Charles WThite, gent., to be Ensign and Lieut., by purchase, vce Fothrinsham. 6th Foot.-Capt. W. A. Stratton to be Mfajor, by purchase, vice Fraser. who retires; Lieut. Robert Unvwin to be Capt., by purchase. vice Stratton; Ensign J. E. Tewart to be Lient, by purchase. *- I ce lnwiu: James George Ceckburn, gent., to be Ensign, by per- chase, ice Tewart. 7thFoot.-Quartcrmaster-Sergeant William CGok, from the Grenadier Guarls, to be Ensign, without purchase. Sth Foot.-Ensign W. R. 'Webb to be Lieut., by purchase, vice Craster, promoted. 1Ith Foot.-Lieut. Edward Armstrong. from the VI West India Regt., tobe Lient.. vice Montgomery, promoted without purchase, to an Unattached Company. 17th Foot.-Ensign WVilam Presgrave to be Lieut., without purthase, vice Seagram, deceased. '26th Foot.-Staff-Simr of the Second Class John Coates, M.D., to be S-_., vice Grogan, who exchanges. 52d Foot.-Lieut. Charles K. Crosse to be Capt., by purchase, vice }Iewitt, who retires. 67th Foot.-Capt. George Wightman. frosn half-pay 48th Foot. tobe Capt.. vice Brevet-kieut-Col. J1. B. Creagh, who exchanges; Lieut. Willam D'Arey to be Capt., by purchase, vice Wightman, who retires. 76th Foot.-Ensigu LukeE. O'Connor to beiLent., by -purchae. vice Rising. who retires: Richard IVWiiam Benchey, gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice O'Connor. W Foot.-Eusign Thomas Gethin Coote to be Lieut., without purchase, vice fetge, deceased. 9Sd Foot.-Lieut. Robert Crowe to be Capt., without purchase, vice Brevet-Major the Hon. A. 3L Cathcart. whose brevet rank has been converted into substantive rankuader the Royal warrant of October 6, 1854. P6th Foot.-Captsiu Richard R. Currer to be Mfajor, by purchase vice Hill. who retires; L eut. Patrick James John Grant. to be Capt., byprarchase. vice Cnrrer : Ensign WViliam C. Geddes to be Lieut., by purcbase, vice Grant: William Osborne arnard, gent., to be Ensign, ny purchase. vice Geddee. lst West India Regiment.-Ensign Francis .Tohn Green. from the 3d West India RegLiment, to be Lieut., by purchase, vice Sykes, who retires. Ceylon Rifle Regiment.-Lieut. Alexander Maxwell Rutherford to be Capt., by purchase, vice Graham. who retires. LAND TRANSPORT CORPS. Assistant-Paymaster Mfaxwel Reeve, of the Royal Artillery, to be Paymaster. BRITISH GERMAiN LEGION. Ist Light Dragoons.-Harnach Poten tobe Cormet, vice Von Bergen, .whose appointment has been cancelled. 2d Tght Dragoons.-Carl von HoUenberg to be Lieutenant. Ist Light Infantry Regsiment.-Capt. Evans Crompton to be 3rajor. '-ice Winneberger invalided by a medical board; Lient. Adolph Bliesener to be Capt., vice Noodt, invalided by a mediewi board; Lfent. C^.rl von BromFen to hc Capt., vice Crompton, promoted; Ensign Francis Valentine to be Lieut.. vice Bliesner, promoted; Ensign IleinricI von Bromsen to be iLeut., vice Bromsen, promnoted. 3d Light Infantry Pegiment.-Ensign Richard Aitham Cumberlege to be Lieit. :.Envicnonis von. Zastrow to be Lieut.; De Lacy Richard Frak LWoolhidge to be Ensign. 6th Light Infantry Regiment.-The appointment of Surgeon Carl Wagner. to bear date 15th of February, 1856, instead of the 25th of that month, as previously stated. BRITISH SWISS LEGION. 2d light Infantrv. PROVISIO1NAL DEPOT BATTALIONT. At-Quar,naster Thomas 3loore, to be ouartermaster. vice Vowell, who retires upon half-pay; Quartermaster Thomas Walker, from the 7ist Foot. to be Arsist.-Qu3rtermaster vice 3Ioore: Quarter' Zosster William 3M'ay, from gl1st Foot, to b A_-ssst.-Quarterrmaster. IUATTACHED. Brevet-Mfajor the H10n. Anugusttu MurraY Cathcart. 93d Foot, to hav his brevet rank converted into substantive rank, 'underthe Royal warrant of the 6th of October, 1854. CllAPLA1S' DEPARTMEIT. The Rev. Henry Hare tobe Chplain to the Forces. CO3DSlSA PAT DEPARTMENT. DePutY Commis3ary-GeDeral George A dams C.B., to be Commissary- To be DEPUTY ASS1STANT.CO-tANSSAJAIES.GENXRA3. Commirsariat Clerk John lainwaring Lindsey: Co mmissarat Cler SamunelB. Alder; Comnmissariat Clerk Mratthew Winter. HOSPITAL STAFF curgenlJohn Ga,°v iM'.B., fm Omtheh 26th Foot, to be Staff-Sarg. Asest.Snr. Toma Llgehoee M..,from the 40th Foot, to have the local rank of Sta'ff-searrg. of tohe3 soo classm tin TurhFoey. t Aorctingeis. SIum Augustu orphew to be AssAst.-Surg. to tho The commission of StaiffAssist-Surg. George hMonlas Slaughter to 'be antedated to the 13th of December, 1854 Acting At istnSurg.. JfVliam Stewart has been permitted to resign lus appointment. Acting Assist.-Scrg. Ri. B. Clarke has ceaeal to do duty, there being zo longer o-ccasion for his services. B3REVET. The undoretinedl officer. having completed three years' actual service in thernara Of LeutCot, to be promoted to be Col. in the 'imy L.ieut.-Col. Charles Tenry Somerset,'of theCCape NMounted Ritiesmen. Capt.Getorg ightemlaof tnhae 67thFhoot. to be Major in the army. Brevt-MjorGeore Wghian, f te 6th oot, to he Lieut.-COL T he undermentioned Qurtermaster, retired upon half-pay, to have the onoaryran ofCoptundr te Ryalwarrant of the 17th of Quartermaster John Coewel], half-pay, of a provisional depOt bat- MajorF. Pinetlfof fthelstRegimnmtE Brtish ItaLan Legion, toha-v, th3e honorary rank of Licut.-CoL. in the army. The removal of Comnet C. Le-veit, from the Ist Dragoon Guards to the 6th Dragoons, as stated in the " G7arett of the 1st of April, 1856. zas been cancelled. COMSSIONS Signed bythe LOR n-TAruT7_eAx,T of the Counity olDoRsisT quee's Own Regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry. n-Seymour ionel W}iliam Dawlon Damer, gent., to be Comet, vice Bower, promoted. B3y the LOP.D-1AEU=gAaNT Of the County of HOsyTommny, R~oyal Montgomery RifCs.-Janie Dumea Thomston, gent, to be~ Ensign, riceC4rrie, promoted; Frederick Loainsorth, gent., to be Ensign, vice Vachell, promoted. By the Lo-LursAncaTof r of the CRdinty of SORsrr. ast Somerset Rtegiment of MCuntiyEof herbert Parher Oweto Be Liut, ice Chorley, placed on the retired list. 2d Ntomerset Regiment of Mlitia.-nsign Charlese PcherWto be 1ieut ., vice Stoodley. appo intedto the 16th Light Dragioons; .li B y the LO DX-LHU uEsAToh of the Cunt Cotyo o YORD. and of the City and County of the City of YouR., 5Reghnoent Rlght InfeaLtryh of West Yory Regitim.-Bioln Johit lorbes nsHosse, to be Lent,, vce Blake, apeointed so -sice 8teh rlegIinoiet; Ensign Athelsaok Owen Powell, to be E I eut, piseBell, ap. pointed to the 3gth Footf LirenzoNl.on 3|o0sse, gedt., to be Eanin t 'rice PowelH. promoted. - 4h wegiment of West York MSlttia.rdJobr Hlenry Steere lSohn Mott,t, to bEnsign BY the LoRD-LxZUT. ;AIT of the North Riding of YORWA IBs. North Yorklire RWegiment of MilitL- eut. George Rchard Withlbtoe,to be Capt., vice Hbl, appointed to the 24thRegiment By the LonD.-IE A?5%T of the County of G ruAs.RGAn. *-.th or Royal l thosne Light Infantry RegMiment of hdedtoer hEiti3.-Bnsign Henry S&ort, to be Lient., vice Ledlie, resigned; iobert Bedford Hitchcock, gent., to be ensign, vice Short, promoted. Bly the I sOolemniAtio of the County of treor. West SuffoltRstoiment of Militi-red RobertJennings,gent t0 be Lieut., vice L,rd Her ey, promoted. By the ILou Lrgrn ARN -S of the CoLnty of S 'ros 1st Regiment of RinMs O-vn Staffordshirc Mititia.-Charles John aIott, gent., to be Ensig, ice Marston, promoted. Bnd the, Crosby-sqare.mrchaofth--elaCose of d WAatherc Fen Warickhie Militia-Ilst ReNgit Eheign WVi am Augustus Norton to be Lieut., vice alebbite, appointed to the line. By thesLonrL wareho mn of the CoBnty of Ga.aCo.atc, Ed Royal Glamrorgan Light InantrY sJilitia.-Lieut. Henry Firtds to be Captain. BY the Loeean-Luwallace s of the County of KeWol' C E,ast Kent Regiment of Militia.-Ensign Hierbert GauntUet Panter to beCiaeut.. vice Inverasityw promoted; Esrign George Sildes to be eut., vice G iffith. promoted; Robert George Wshi e Wreneho gent., to be Ensign, vice Schtotel, promoted; Hugessen Edward Knatchbull, gent., to be Ersign, vitc Howeam, promoted. ; This "Garette" contains notices th3t the following ptaces have been dly reHglstered for the solemineation of msrriages therein:Bc.-m, iythegaton, GSnmorganshbre mfeslWyan Chapel St. Albar's, Hertfordshire.- PARLTNERSHIPS DISSOLnVE>. T. and B. Booth. Masden. Lancashire, wine merchants.-Fuleymn and Whactey, High-street, Kensington, corn deaaees.-M. H. Picciotlo and Son, Crosby-square, merchantan--Delafosse and WatheG, Fen- chlurch i.,oe hmsstreet, whleae edblrok.-HTiP and Chrie. Co lemen astreet, sanchester IV rehou nemeun-J. WT Bishopnnd Co Co. Ecwinglon, Derbyghire. or elsewhere, cltliers.-J. e Prioe andEdwards, Breeon, mercers.-Wates and Wallace, Isle of Ely,eu-geons.-The Whoolley Coal Companyt Woolley, and elsewrhere, as far as regoards Sir J. 1.. . Kaye. -T. SowKen and J. Farrar, Bradford, Yorteshire. stoaemason.-P Lopy ndg.-Hacrd. cotchmam,eresewhere, o shawl ornThursday. Boys andCo ratterbee, Maddo-streiet,ngold lacemttClCrihrwcl and H. Hoult, Wbittington-moor, near Chesterield, bone grt derv.J. and nT. Bileu Bsath. sil mercers.-Wlliiamson and White, Scarborongh, grocers.-Mjichell and Son, Great Yarmouth. aifebnoymnanufactasrs T-C. . Page and e Morris. ir n., Bnidge-street. Iambeth., general ironmetong hree fHgheo and BhLurspay-. Htr. Whahaeelers ndo a T-Jotre, MW.Icvorya, Nonwers H whomeral and 3. Reoudd,v o Du,d.e ganys manu£acturers.--G. Grint and SOn. Wandswforth, cern dealers.-W. Gomeosndy and B. Williamson, Great Trinity-ine. packcrs.-G. and G. H.ylwin jun., Lower Thames-street, oil brokera-T. P. and aC B. Sle, Russca-place, Bermondsey. mustard manufacturers.-W. Pcayne, B. In Slee. and W. Payne. iun., Church-street, Bernondsey, vinegar makers, ans far as regards VT. Payne, lmu.-J. Taylor and Co., NewmRgton, nottighainshire. and elsewhere, maltstera.-Davenport and Co., Sheffield, ilver pLaters.-Kipps and Fuge, Great 3farybone-3treet, coachmakers. -W. K;er and D). Bait, New Inn-yard, Tottenh.am-court-road, cabinetm.akess.J. I'.yer3 and Co.. Liiverpool, brokers.-Chapmsn and HluntIcy, Hartlepool, chYsnUsts.-N., G.. and C. WYashbourule, Glocester. silk mercers, as far as regards N. Washbonrne.-Tyrrell and Gibbs. Wellsnext-theSea, Nakorfolk, groers.-J. Hfms and Son, Manchester, uphoLsterers. DEC,LARATIONvS OF DIviDENDS. P. Cattel, Iloni-acre, coachmaar-secend div. of sd., on Thursday next and three Lellow.g Thursdays at Mr. Stamafield's, BaU - street. J. Chancelor. PhrncS-plrate, Derringlon-street, Clerkenwelo, and Hyade-house, Battersea. funeral cartriage mas3ter-first div. of 2s 4d on Thursday next and three following Thursdays, at Mfr. Graham s, Coleman-seanetu T. Salmon, Kettering, ironmonger-first div. of ls. 7ld.r on Thursday uext and tbrce following Thursday. at oir. Graham's, Coleman-street. st. lvory. Norwich, wholesale grocer-second div. of -&d., any onday. at Gnr. Canaan's, Aldermanbgry. H. Brett, Porasma, grocer-second dBv. of 7rd., any Nonday. at 3r. CanaansH C Aldermancury. S. C'arlton. Darlington, coachemanufacturer-second div. of 2. &In addition to ls. &i. previoufSY delaqredu, any Saturday, at Mr. Bake'sn, Newesatle-upon-Tyne. T. S. Sladen. Manchester. corn dealer-first div. of 93d., anY Tuesday at Mfr. Polt'so Manchester. B aeatherby, J. 1L Ford, . B. Hilton, Rt. Addison. and R. Gibson Holywel, bankers-fifth div. of sd., Aprl 26. and 25, at the White Horse Hotel, Holywe, and on anY subsequent Tuesday at Mfr. Potts, Mlanchester. T.o ake, Wakefield,grocer-first div. of Is.Sdl., anyp riday, at Mr. Hope's. Leeds. A. Taylor, Halifax. lime merpcant-first div. of Ms. 6CL, any Friday, at Mr. Hope's, Ieeds. BAN'KRTJPTCIES AENUOLLED. Thomas Cooper, Woottan, Ile of etight. f warmer. Sir RoberstPrice, Stratton-street, Piccadily, and Foxley, HPerefordshire, iron manufactourer. DNthaniel Ward, Farringdon-market, dealer in potatoes, to 26uren. dO'pclo 25. at 12e Brso' DstiocktMy2,al a hB rp Court:o rokutcll-ictos Ber, ar. a earc, Gitin pur stroelet ofi cial aas igun Mer. Bell, Colemaotreet-buildings. Augulsts John PhiULips, Oakley-street. Chelea. Aripowner, April 29 at 1 o'clock. MaY 29. at 12 itBankrnpts' Court: solicitor. r. Gals worthy, Old Jewry-chambers: ofl iial assignee, Mr. Johnson, Cohnanstreet. John Taylor n. n., Woolwich, Alcensed victualler. Aprl24, Mayu30 at 7 o'cock, at the Bankrupts' Corti: soliitor, nMr. Pain, Greshamstreet; ofbacial at ignee d M ar. ehitmore, Basreghalu-street. TIac Gunton, nanes, Isle of Ely, grocer. April 28, at 12 o'cloc,' hfa2y30, atbalf.jsaat 1, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, Mfessrs. Hawkirs. Bloxam, and Hawllns, New Ber wea-court, orof Nr. HustwI .ck. iSohain, Cambridgeshire; offlcial assignee. 3Ir. Whitmore, Basinghall-street.- Thomas Harrison, Chancery-lane. and Echers tailor, Aprils23, at hafpast l o'clock, June 6. at 12, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors. Messrs Chnbb. Deane, and Chubb, South-square, Gras-itn; ofiiciaS assignee, MUr. Nilcholson. BasighaJ-street. James Flnod, inn., and Cornelius Robert Schailer. Charles-street, M-liddlesex Hiospital, auctioneers, AprUi 26 at 12 o'hovk, June 6, at half-past II, at the Bankrupts' Court: soeeitor,lMr. Goren, Southmolten-street, Oxford-street; ofsical assignee, u rr. Pennel, Guddha.- chambers, Basignhall-street. Thomas Ball,Nicholas-lane, Lombar-cstreet, and Belgrave-placeh Uppertt Hollsowa, iontfimerhn, April 23 at hafpat1 o'clock-,. h lb Juote, 4. at 11, at the ankrupths'CouArt:s2olicitor. Mrftr. Moss, oorgate. street; official assigneeU,Mr.pen l G2i4ldt3O-chambers, Basing,haL- John Joseph Diaper, Wnmbledon, victualler, Apri 29, 'at 1I o'clock, May 31, at 12, atthe Bankrupts' Court: Gsoicitor. hr. Chidley, Greshamstreet; officialt assignoc. 3Mr. Nicholson. Basiughall-streec. George Stanton, Toriano-terrace, Kentish-town, woollen draper, April 29, at hatf-past 2o'clock. Mlay27 at 1, at the Bankrulpts' Court: solicitor, Mfr. TSuch.anan, V.aibrook-buildings; official assignee, Mr. R'dwards,.Sambrook-court, Basinghnll-street' Daniel Davies, Cardiff, provision dealer. April 28, May 26, at ll o'clock, at the Bristol District Court of Bankruptcy: 60iLoitor6, h,fes6rs. Bevan and GirLing, Bristol; official assignee. Mir. Acraman Bristol. Gelpitta Harrison, L,iverPol. wine merchant, Aprgil 10, ify 19, at 11 o'clock, at the Liverpool District Court of Bakrptcy: solicitors, hIesses.i,ttledlale and Bacdswflll, Liverpool; official assignee, Mir. Carenove, LiverpooL -DIVDENDS. 3fIay 7, F. T. Doddiupton, Aldersgate-street. lacef alto manufacturer. -May?7, B. Corker, Edmonton, timber merehant.-3 ay I0, T. RadfoRrdu, Noble-sttreet.cty, apnWdgMa-n6chese6ter, auriehousemlfan.-May 10, R.. Taunton, and Torpoint, Devonshire. grucer.-MaY 211, C. J. Mfare, Orchard-;ard, Bllltkwall. ship builder.-.3Iay20, T.BHollier.ELeiee6terwoolstapler.-hlay 8, P. Jackson, Mlanchester. druggist.-May 8, B. Travis, Burley-brook-mills, near Oldham, cotton opinner.-May 9, W. K. Stoclk. MIanchester, manufacturer of cotton goocls.-.May 8, J'. Hartley. Middieton, Lancashire. ioiner.-May71, J. Meadows and It. B. dealer.-hlav 6, C. S. Harneris.Lvetrp-ool, pYawXnb-Rolser.My9 Ch6, ehiSnow don, late of Neweastle-upon-Tyne, dlraper. -May 8.3J. D. SeweUl and T.- Pattiason, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, chymists.-May 9,1V. Haial, Durham, grOCer.-3fay 7, G. Bongden. Welton-in-the-Miarsh, Lincoinshire, draper.-May 7, J. Stephenson, Hogsthorpe, LincoLnohire, joiner. C ERTIFICATEd to be granted uale6e cause be showrn to the contray on trhe day of meeting. - hay 8. 3. Tomlia, Bloyd's-rooms, Royal Exchange, shipewner.- May?7, Pi. Henton, Duastable, straw hat manufacturer.-hlay 8, A. F. de N;eumann, Gloucester-street. PimUico, and lfime-street, merchant.- Mfay?7, J. H. Colbomne, Poole. draper.-Mny 18, T. Harvey, Twyfordstreet, Caledonian-road, builder.-MUay 6, lV. James, Nayland, Suffiolk, builder.-.May 6, G. Barker, Henry-strcet,}Kennington.lane, contractor. -Ma. Cope, Cldham,er hWol6es6alnesaUle gr0aer-M :ay 6. J. Myaden. Brandwood-mill, near Bumlp, cotton-spinner.-hlay 7. G. Beaumont, Mfanchester, general warehonseman.-Jume 17, T. Smith, Nottiagham,lace manufactures-. SCOTCHf SEQUESTRiATIONS. J. WVatt, Glasgow, outfitter, April 21, at 1 o'clock, at the Globe Hotel,. Glasgow. J. Mtorrison, Dunbiane, builder, April 24, at 3 o'clock, at Burden's H otel. Dumblane. 3. Tlusi, Hutchesontown of Glasgow, builder, April 26, at 1 o'clock, at the Franklin Hotel, Glasgxow.
FIRPE AT THE C-LEDONLN DisTsLERY, EDrNBIJRGH.-On Sunday morning a fire took place at the Caledonian Distillery, Haymarket, Edinburgh, which caused the destruction of a great amount of property. The distillery was a new and scarcely finished edifice, and, having been fitted up with all the most modem appliances, was considered to be the most complete as well as the largest distillery in ScotlandL halting had been commenced only as late as Wednesday last, and the first production of spirits was expected in the beginning of the present week. The fire is supposed to have arisen from heat induced by the friction of the new machinery of the malt-mill and communicated to the grain stored in thelofts above. Soon after its outbreak, at lo'clock in the morning, it acquired a complete ascendancy over different-portions of the building, and from 2 till about 5 the conflagration ilklmined the sky far and wide.- Bygreat exertions on the part of the firemen the still, a new and mnagnificent apparatus, costin- above 10,0001., and capableof -producing 40,000 gal-- lons oF spirits per week, was .prerve, as were also the lInis, boilers, and other importint portions of the distillery. The buildings containing the malt-mill' and mashhouse and. grain lofts (which -were stored with several thousand quarters) were completely destroyed. The adjoining build-, ing,.containing eight wash backs, each capable of containing about 52,000 gallons of, worts, was also quite. -rtted The engine-house ikewise sustained considerable ihmury.' The fire was not extinuished till an advaiced houiin theoday. The loss, which 1s estimatedat frorm 20,000t..to 30,0DZ, was fu"Jy imsured. Had thb fire'occurred only a-few days later, it -would probably; havo -been got'undei at -'once, as a- water-tankhadL.been' fitted' niptandlsose Were bein-laidthroughout the building td: riieet. uch. contingeicies , b'ut,-' the :conne,ions not beut:edtapleted; -theto preparations coulid net be renld9icd sernce.able.! Th6ioe irietqr4 lLfds~. Mfensies, Bernard; and Cra'ig, antici.tlte thattMls 'iaal,izet;. bs.ving sustained comparatively little dg-3 v e gY i p4 ha CeTatlQfn an afew wieeks4. ;.'. ,A::^ '.'
MONJY-MAKBTand OITYBINTELLGENCE. T Tqo osday Evening. The quobffon of gola at Paris,,i5- atbout 63 per millie premium (accorig to the last tari, which, hat he English Mint price of 31. 17s.10id. per oz. for xtandard gold, gives anpexchange of 26.29X; and; the exchange a; Pais on London. at short being 25.37A, it follows that gold is about032-per cent dearer in London than in Paris. By advices from Hamburg the price of gold is 426k per mark, which, at the English M%int price of S. 17L. 10d. per oz. for standard gold, gves an exchange of 13.5k; and, the exchange at ]aburg on London at short being 13.7j, it follows that goldis 0.87 per cent. dearer in London than in Hamburg. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days' sight is 109i per cent., and, the par of exchange between England and America being 109 23-40 per cent., it follows that the exchange is nominally 0.08 per cent. against England; but, after making allowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves no profit on the transmission of gold either way between the two countries. The English finds show continued dulness, and, after having opened at the closing prices of yesterday, they almost immediately experienced a fresh decline of an eighth, from which there was no recovery. Consols for money were first quoted 92; to 93, and they left off at 92 to ' for money, and 93ito i for the 8th of M ay. In the course of the day the failure was announced of an operator who has been engaged in large general speculations. Bank Stock dlosed at 212j to 213k; Reduced, 91E to i; New Three per Cents., 927 to i; Long Annuities, 33-16; Annuities, 30 years, 1615-16; India Stock, 227 to 229; India-bonds, 9s. to 4s. discount; Exchequer-bends, 98i to j; and Exchequer-bills (March) is. to 3s. premium, (June) 3s. to is. discount. 4 There was an increased demand for money in the Stock Exchange consequent upon its being settling day in foreign securities, and very high rates were paid for short loans. In the discount market the requirements were again moderate, but the diminished pressure is merely a consequence of the recent payment of the dividends, and there is as yet little sign of any permanent improvement. Foreign securities were steady, but the operations on the average were unimportant. Business took place in jTurkish Six per Cents, at 98g, and X for money, and 99 and 98i for the account. The Four per Cent. Guaranteed Stock was negotiated at 101k for money, and 101 for the account. Other descriptions exhibited little alteration, but quotations were fairly maintained. Brazilian, 100k; the New, 1843, 100; Chilian Three per Cents., 68k; Granada New Alctive, 22; MIexican, for account, 23; Peruvian, for account, 77i and 78; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 94A; the Small, 95i; Spanish, New Deferred, for account, 24£; and Peruvian dollar Bonds, 59. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rate upon Holland was a shade lower, but Hamburg and Paris may be considered the same as last post. The closing prices from the Paris Bourse this evening failed to arrive, but the market opened without alteration. At an adjourned meeting to-day of the creditors of MIr. W. 0. Young, ship and insurance broker, who failedonthe5thinst., it was agreed to take the necessary steps for placing the estate under the administration of bankruptcy-a course stated to be requisite in consequence of the liabilities arising from the underwriting branch, which it is alleged involve risks to the extent of nearly 2,000,0001. The outstanding premiums of insurance average from 15,0001. to 20,0001., but allowance will have to be made for bad debts, while there is already from 3,0001. to 4,0001. owing on the account. Under these circumstances, no estimate could be given of the probable result, even presiuming that the transactions of the late Mr. Beckwith, of Neweastle, may constitute a paltnership, as indicated bv the following communication received by the chairman from Messrs. Pitcairn and Stephens, who were appointed to investigate the question:- "Sir,-In conformity with the request made at the meeting of Mr. W. 0. Young's creditors on the 10th inst., over which you presided, we have examined the letters relatingto the alleged partnership between Mr. Youngand the late Mr. Beckwithin the underwriting account, and we are of opinion, as mercantile men, that such partnership is established by Mr. Beckwith's letters of the Ist of April, 1853, 2d of May, 1854, and 4th of May, 1854. "We are, Sir, your obedient servants, "Jonx PITCAIRN, "THo Lis STEPEx2S. To Mr. D. Dunbar, &c." In the course of the afternoon a petition in bankruptcy was issued against the estate, which will be wound up before Mr. Commissioner Holroyd, Mr. Lee being the official assignee. A company, to be called Hansor's Olefiant Gas Company, proposes to supply gas manufactured by a new patent method from oleaginous substances. It is stated that the chief material employed is a cheap and abundant vegetable substance, in combination with a refuse chymical matter obtainable at a merely nominal price, and that one great advantage of the invention consists in its being available for estabEshments where coal gas is not to be procured. Its cost is represented to be only one-fifth that of oil, while, according to a report from Dr. Letheby, "it is about twice as good in illuminating power as ordinary coal gas, and, from the circumstance of its not containing any sulphur compound, its chymical quality, as regards the product of its combustion, is highly satisfactory." In all discoveries of this kind disappointments are apt to arise from erroneous estimates withregard to the raw material; but, Slupposing the statements in the prospectus to be substantiated, there will be every reason to anticipate a great puiblic benefit. The capital of the company is to be 50,0001. in 101. shares, with power of increase. Subjoined is an extract of the statements made with respect to the cost and management of the process .- " The cost per light, after allowing for interest on outlay, working expenses and repairs, will not exceed one halfpenny per hour, each of such lights being equal in illuminating power to nine spelmaceti candles. The apparatus can be worked by any manservant; and inordinaryestablishments a week's consumption coud be made at once. The operation is simple and cleanly, and is not accompanied by either smeU, smoke, or annoyance of any kind. It is not intended to compete with coal. gas companies, but rather to supply establishments where, from the distance of coal gasworks or from objection to its impurities, ordinary coal gas is not likely to be introduced. Country churches, noblemen's and gentlemen's houses, railway stations and barracks, manufactories and warehouses for delicate fabrics, will afford the principal field for the company's operations in this country, and a considerable amount of business has already been developed from these sources. The foreign and colonial 'business of the company has also shown that the invention only requires to be known to insure a very large and profitable employment for the capital of the company in quarters where the want which the company is intended to supply is[*felt even more strongly than in this country." The large amount of dollars brought by the Mexican packet, and which had been on the market for several days, has been disposed of to-day at 60d. per oz., chiefly for shipment to China. This price is a decline of ad. from that realized for the last , arrival. i The American steamer yesterday brought advices from Mexico to the 18th of March. They give a clear description of the progress of the attempted ounter-revolution, and ex;press improved hopes of the power of the Government to maintain itself. The present disturbances originated in the determi. nation of General Comonfort, the President, to carry out the plan adopted by his predecessor Alvarez, after the fliht of Santa Anna, for the abolition of the exclusive privileges which exempt the military and clergy from the operation not onlly of the civil but also of the riminal law. Hare y Tamariz having been proved to be in concert with the reactionists was ordered out of the country, but escaped on his way to Vera Cruz, and put himself at the head of the rebel forces near Puebla, the second city of the republic, numbering 70,000 inhabitants. The governor of that place, for want of ammunition, provisions, and water, was obliged to capitulate, but being allowed to withdraw the troops he brought them on to Mexico. Tamariz, instead of following up his success by a march on the capital, sat down at Puebla in expectation that other towns would declare for him. General Comonfort availed himself of this mistake, marched from Mexico, and was now attacldng and blockading Puebla. On the 13th of March he conducted anV assault, when there was some unusually severe fighting, the number of killed and wounded being at least 250. Up to the last accounts the. Government forces had possession of the 'convent of San Francisco and othler portions of the city -and- it was stated that thE rebels, who were known to be short both of ammunition and pronvi ,sona, retained possession of only the cathedral and thePGreat Square.- A few days, therefore, iiere lidelyto decide the rggle, and the Goven=ont would then, it was believed, be stronger than any that had been known ef late years. If they should have power to carry their projected reforms of the military and ecclesiastical establishments, there would, it was saidt be hope forthe country, although 'oId and observing mexi, udgin- fromt the iuaterials there were to work with, could not under any circumstances feel sanguine of great changes. 'So far as the party now in power have strength to act, it will, it is averred, be in the right direetion. Feeble as they are, they still represent the cause of progress agaist that of reaction and the conservation of all abuses. - a h The fOllOwi3g mercantile letter, by the Bra2il mail, gives the latest account of the position of the Republics of Montevideo and Buenos Ayres. In MhIontevideo the Presidentialelection has terminated favourably, and there seems to be some prospect of a comparatively honest Administration; but the claims of the Englsh merchants in connexion with the loan guaranteed by the British Government are still evaded, and wil probably necessitate stronger measures than have yet been resorted to. At Buenos Ayres progress is chec7ked by the ferocity of the 'Indians, which is alleged to be stimulated by the partisans of the ex-Dictator Rosas "Montevideo. March 4. "The Presidential election came off on the 1st inst., and Don Gabriel Pereira is now the President of this Republic for the ensuing four years. His competitor was General Cesar Dias, who, was supported by the Reds. Agell withdrew his pretensions, as his friends were principally composed of the Moderate party, who in such times have diminished influence. Although-Pereira is a man of no great capacity, he has character. With a full allowance of -the prejudices appertaining to his race, he is honest, poRsesses a willof his own verging on obstinacy, and, being rich, it may fairly be presumed he has not assamed office to fill his n- vate exchequer. But, although the election has resultecl'EO. favourabl;y, it must be confessed it was not accomplished in a perfectly free manner. Flores and Oribe-the former under the title of ' General de Armas'-had virtually the entire direction of public affairs. They colected and armed all the men they could get together, under the pretence of preserving order and, securing freedom of election. These alarming and arbitrary proceedings stirred up a violent opposition, which, however, wasonly malde apparent in the newspapers. They were uncasingly active, and took advantage of theirposition to plunder every dollar the.t cameinto the Tressury, besides forestalling every source of revenue for months tocome. Fortunatelytherewasnofighting. ThenewPresident has appointed Dr. Ellauri his Minister for Government and Foreign Affairs, and Dr. Garcia Mlinister of Finance. The post of Minister of War is to be suppressed, and a great number of cmploy&s in all departments will be dispensed with. He has expressed his determination to reduce expenses to the lowest point possible, -and to extract from each source of revenue the utmost it is capable of yielding. For this latter purpose one of his earliest measures will, it is said, be to farm the Custom-house duties with the administration, as was done during the siege. For the greater part of that period he was the Chairman of the Committee of Management, and is therefore, from experience, acquainted with the superior customs' administration of the merchants. The arrangement made by this Government with Mr. Thornton, Her Majesty's Charg6 d'Affaires, last January, for the settlement of the guaranteed loan and other British claims, has, as was foreseen. not been fulfilled, and he has, in conformity with one of the conditions of that arrangement, declared it null and void. He has now demanded that the administration of the customs should be delivered over to the loan claimants, who are virtually entitled to it by. the terms of their contract guaranteed by the British Plenipotentiary in 1845. No answer has been returned at present,butit isexpectedthe demand willbe resisted,andwe all believe that nothing but an exhibition of force by which it may be understood our Government is in earnest will be effectual. It is whispered that this Government intend sending,to Europe a special envoy to induce the British and French Governments to forego the pressure of their demauds. All this of course is to stave off the evil day, but I do not believe Mr. Thornton will be imposed upon so easily. He anderstandsthe character of these people thoroughly, andwe English merchants are well content to have so indefatigable and respectable a renresentative of Her MajesWs Government. Exchange, 421d. "The province of Bienos Ayresis in a deplorable condition. Hornos is surrounded by the Indians in Azul; he has no horses, and a force is collecting to relieve him and chastise the barbarians, who are now within 60 leagues of the city of Buenos Ayres. The Governor has gone out to collect a force. Scarcely a day passes wvithont intelligence arriving of some shocking depredation of the Indians. It is said that the adherents of Rosas have stirred them up, to induce the Portenos to contrast their present condition with their security under his despotic rule. Peopletalk of a war of extermination; but, as societyis split into factionswhichbear a deadly hatred towardsewh other, ib is not likelythe people Will combine for such a purpose. IJrquiza has demanded the dismissal of Mitre for invading the province of Sauta FB in pursuit of the rebel Flores; and it is said, if his demand he not complied with, he will wage war. Lncreased attention is devoted to the production of wool, which bids fair to be cr0 long the staple article of ex;port. The Indians hitherto have not troubled themselves about sheep. Exchange, 6Ss.; doubloons, 344 dollars currency." The weeldy reviews from the Amsterdam and Rotterdam produce markets, state that although there was little activity in business prices continued to be well supported. Greater disposition was manifested to purchase sugar, and coffee was saleable at full rates. The letters from Rouen mention that the market for manufactures was quiet, without any essential alteration. At the ordinary meeting of the Grand Surrey Docks and Canal Company, held yesterday, the profit of the year 1855, viz., 9,9231. 6s. Ild., added to a balance from 1854 of 2,945l.- 19s: 1d., made a total of 12,8691. 6s., which was thus appropriated:To reserve fund and expenses of mud-raising, 2,0001., and to dividend of 4 per cent. .6,0841.; leaving an undivded surplus of 4,7851. 6s. The meeting regarded this as a more secure course than that of increasing the dividend in the prospect of an immediate enlargement of the capital for the extension of the docks, for which purpose the directors stated their intention of shortly issuing a portion of the new 5 per cent. preference shares. According to a circular from Messrs. Schlusserand Co., of St. Petersburg, issued by 31r. Henry Willis, it appears that the supply of tallow thence was expected to be 103,000 casks, being 10,000 casks less than last year. The price was 411. to 431. per ton, on board. Of hemp the supply was not expected to amount to more than 800,000 poods, being only 13,000 tons, but of very good quality; price about 261. to 271. per ton for clean. Of flax and tow about 900,000 poods are expected, or 15,000 tons, of fine quality; price about 311. 10s. for 12 head. Of linseed about 320,000 chetwerts are expected, being about 224,000 quarters, and the price is 32s. to 40s. per quarter. Of wheat about 340,000 chetwerts are expected, being 228,000 quarters, and the price is 40s. to 45s. per quarter.
TRADE RPPORT. Tuesdav Evening. SUtGAX. -The market is quiet to-day, and prices6d. percwt. lower: only about half the quantity put up at auction was sold. The followingaretheparticulars:-3,376bagsMauritius, brown, 36s. 6d. to 39s. low to good yellow, 40s. to 42s. 6d.; crystallized, 40s. to 45s. 6d;.; 643 bags white Benares, middlEnz to good, 44s. 6d. to 46s.- 652 bags date, low brown, 36s. to 39s.; (07 hogsheads West India were disposed of privately. A smal cargo of 637 boxes- yelow Havanna, direct to Trieste, sold afloat for No. h2a, free of particular average. About 3,500 bags brown Paraiba were paed yesterday at 39s. per cwt. COFFEE.-The marketis steady, and the public sales, consisting of 224 casks Plantation and 200 bags native Ceylon, wentoffasfollows:-Abot halfof the former at 59s. to to1s. (3d. for fine, fine ordinary, smal, to bold grayish colory, and 632s. to 63Ss. for low middling; and the latter at 51s. for good ordinary mixed. 70 bales long-berry Mocha realized 74s. to 76sg. (3d. per cwt. RICE.-There isa fair inquiry, and since Friday about 9,000 bags Bengal have changed hands. Middling, 9s. 4Ad. to 9s. 7.Ad. for cash; middling, 9s. to 9s. (3d., and good white, fgs. full prompt. SALTPETRE.-Afew hundred bags have gone off at 36s. d. to 37s. for 4 to 22- refraction; low and middling qualities are in demand. CoCuwEAL.-161 bags in auction to-day were chiefly bought in as follows :-(4 bags Teneriffe ordinary silver, 3s. lOd. to 3s. lld.; 27 bags ordinary black, 4s. Id. to 4s. 3d.; and 61 bags Honduras silver smallish even white grain, 3s. 10d. to 3s. lid.; a few lots sold; 9 bags Mexican black, bought in, 4s. 1d. perpound. SAFFLOWvEPR.-57 bales in public sale partly sold rather easier; lowto good ordinary, 57s. 6d. to 85s. p. o. LEATHER AND HiDns.-The supply of fresh leather at Leadenhall to-day was rather limited, and a fair trade prevailed for nearly all descriptions of goods, with little teration in value. There was more inquiry for offal and shoulders. Prime kips and skins continue in active demand, and stocks are considerably reduced. :Market hides in short supply, and prices remain unaltered. TALLOW.-The market was flat to-day, particularly for the end of the year; 47s. 9d. is accepted on the spot, and 47s. 3d. to 6d. for last three months.
Aonicurmu.A STATISTICs BiLL.-This bill has been brought down from the Lords. It requires the Poor law Board every year to take measures to obtain from every occupier of two statute acres of land (and above) in England andWales a return, referring to thest ofJuly in each year, of -certain particulars of information, including the prdauce of the farm and the stoek, &c. Abstracts of these returns will be published periodically by the Board of Trade. Any occupiers neglecting to fill up the, blank form which will be left at his house for the purpose may be summoned before a. justice of peace,-; by whom the required particulars will, so to speak, be extorted; the expenses of this proceeding will, of course, be paid by the occupier. Should the occupier refuse to ebey a summons, or fail to give full particulars on examination before thejustice, the latter may sse a warrasif authorizing the collector of returns "to proceed to obtain. by- otherInmes the said particulars of informition," tha. "other imeans"7 including a personal inpcion by the' coector of£the lands and prem,uses of the reftractory.oeeupier,, A: fine. Lof 2?. will be imposed on occupiers Rneglecting toinmke, or, makiling false, returns. the bill awaits the aXpc'vai:of, tb& i ;b¢ofComrnons. .., ,;,.'
R"LWAY AND MINING SHARE& TueayEvening. There was little alteration in the railway-market .to-day, but quotations generally were welli minE:tained. Iess actvitywas noticeable in foreign de- srmiptions, and prices in :ome cames were: -rather lower. Few transactions took place in niscellaneous shares, quotations for the most p remaining nominal. Ottoman Bank co 'sd at1 totprernum; Bank of Egypt, 1i to I premium; Western of Loudon,3i to dicount ; London and Paris, 31to Wdiscount; Alliance Bank, diwoull.topar; ITational Discount Company, D to p premium; Thumian Eailway i to 1 premium; and Iombardo Venetian, 6 to a premium,
ZALWA Y INTELLIGENTCE. I STOCYPORT. DISLEY. AND VII= Rm A special meeting ot this company was held yesterday, at the office, Leadenhall-strcet; Mr. J. Chapman in the chair The Secretary read the notice conveningthe meeting, ana a statement shoving that the company had paid ap 75,000Z,; being one-half the share capital, the whole of -which (150,0001.) was subscribed. The CAMmM.-N explained that the object of 'the meeting ws to authorize the directors to exercise the borrowing powers of the company, and concluded by moving a resoluc tion authorizing the directors to borrow any sum or Smyn of moneynot exceedng in thewhole O,QOOL, which was seconded, and carrned unanimously. The meeting then separated. RAILWAY BIILS BEFORE PARIAIJAENT. MR oroLiTANr RIL5wAY.-The directors of this com. pany in the financial declaation to Parliament, state that they propose to defray the expense of the works under their blM now before the house this session out of the 1,300,00. which they are authorized to raise by their act of 1S54; and that, after deducting the funds required 'o meet the cost of works under that act, there will remain unexpended and applicable to their new undertaldng a total of 3SS,0001. WYcoinE RAiLvAy.-The return to Parliament by thig company as to the way in which it is proposed to find funds for the construction of the new branch railway to Marlow,' sets forth that they have a surplus capital of 33,000L. int hand, applicable to the proposed new branch; the cost of constructing it being estimated bv Mr. Brunel, the co'ut pany's engineer, at 25,0001. ErsoM AND IEATHE AD RArr,wAY.-The certified cost of this line, including the purchase of property an4 contingencies, is 30,0001. RAILWAY TRAIC. Miles Paa- Mer- TotA, TtL Raiwas open. egels chandime 1. 1858. Fortnight ending llarch 15. Demerara .. .. ..- .. - .. O ..A Week ending April 12. Dablin and Wikldow .. 34 .. - .. - , . 7 Glasgow and South-Westem* - .. - .. - .. 90 ..5,3 Weekl ending April13. KendalandWmnderrmere .. - . - .. - .. IZ0 .. 155 *!Thetraffic on theArdrossn Pailway is included in both years.
?IRLAAMENTARY XNTELLX(,ENCE. HOUSE OF LRDS TDAY, APRIL 15.. Mae TOPtD CILANCXO1 R took his seat on the woolsck r 5 o'lock. - The Bishop of ILIWCOLI presented several petitions *59alnst the abolitioi of church-rates without an equiy4alet. The Bishop of OXFORD prosented a petition against go1e opening of the British Museum on Sunday. The Earl of COARI?ARVO moved for a return, in Contoinuation of one presented on the 24th of July last, ahowing the total amount of contributions to the Patriotic lund received from the colonies. The motion was agreed to. The Bishop of OXFORD gave notice that on Thursday la should ask the Lord Privy Seal whether Government intended to persevere with the Education Bill now before ehe House? x THE POSTMASTER OF HUNTINGDON. The Earl of SANDWICH asked the noble duke the PostInaster-Generil -why he had at the last a-,izes withdrawn from the prosecution of the postmaster of Huntingdon, who had been guilty of abstracting a post-t.flice order from a letter? The Duke of ARGYLL replied, that it appeared that the postmaster had abstracted the order vwith the view not of defrauding the revenue, but of obtaining a smrall conunission u on the sale of an article for which he was an agent. The presecutionhad been withdrawvn umier the advice of tIhe attorney-General. The postmsasterhad, however, been dismnissed. OXFORD UZZIVERSITY BILL. The Earl of DERBY said that he had noticed bythe votes issued thatmorning that immediately before the adjournnment of theHouse onthe previous eveninghis noblefrieznd opposite (Lord Harrowby) had laid on the table a bill for the amendment of the Oxford University Act of last session. He regretted that his noble friend should have introduced such a measure without intimating to himls (Lord Derby) his Intention of doin- so, in order that be might have ascertained from him the object of the bill and the reasons for its introduction. Lord H-ARROWIY regretted that there should have appeared to be any want of courtesy on his part, and, explained that the object of the biU was only to supply an almost clerical error in the act of last sesaion, which in its provisions in regard to endowvments did not provide for the cases in which there were private acts of Parliament. Their lordships adjourned at half-past 5 o'clock.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, TUESDAY, AiPRuI 15. The House mot at 4 o'clock. On the motion of Mr. BLACK the Edinburgh Municipality Bill, as amended, was ordered to be recommitted. Sir J. SHiELLEY presented a petition from the bondholders under the Westminster Improvement Commission praying the House to appoint a select committee to inquire into the affairs of the commission, and into the conduct and proceedings of the commissioners from the date of the original incorporation of the commission, with a view to the extension of such relief to the petitioners as the wisdom of the House might suggest. lr. W.I,RNER presented a petition to the same effect from the bankers, merchants, and others of Norwich being holders of bonds of the Westminster Improvement Commission. Petitions, praying for the repeal of the Maynooth grant, were presented by Sir A. ACNEWV, from Newton-Stewart, Vigtowinshire; by Sir J. EJ3RGUSSON, from the inhabitants of Fenwick, West Kilbride F;eformation Society, inhabitants of West Kilbride, Kirk Session of W%est Kilbride, mainister, elders, and deacons of Fullarton, minister, elders, and deacons oif the Free Church, Monkton; by Sir H. DAV, from the minister and members of the UJnited Presbyterian church, Kirkaldy ; by Mr. W. LoCiHAsART (3), from the Kirk Sessions and inhabitants of Lanark, from the Free Church congregation of Bratuaren, and of St. James's, Glasgow; by Mr. R. SpooiEPt, from the Protestants of Dublin- from the Edinburgh Auxiliary to the Scot. tish Protestant Association, from the inhabitants of Edinburgh, from the inhabitants of Leith, and from the Scottish Protestant Associatioe, signed by the Secretary; by Mr. BoLNEani, from Dreghorn; by Mr. Alderman CHALIS, from the inhabitants of Islington; by lr. F. Du-.%A,., for Mr. TRnasa, from the Free Church congregatiors of Bruan and Latheron, also from the parish of Berriedale, by Mr. Y7sNcr., (5) ; by Mr. CRAUtURD, from 737 inhabitants of Ayr, Newton, and Wallacetown; ministers and elders of the parish of Ayr and Alloway; kirk session of the congregation of Original Seceders, Ayr; minister, members, and adherents of the United Presbyterian church (East), Irvine; ministers, elders, members, and adherents of the Free Church (West), Irine; members and adher. ents of the Free Church, Irvine; kirk session of UnitedPresbyterian church,West Kilbride; minister, deacons, members and adherents of the Independent Church, Ardrossan ; by ilr. Co,N-A, from St. Mary's and St. David's Free Churches in the city of Edinburgh; from Loanhead, Roslin, and Portobello, county of Edinburgh; and from FMllsau, in Argyllshire; by Captain ARCiDALL, from the Protestants of a parish m the county of Fermanagh; by Mr. Euiao, from Yetholm and Kelso; by 3Mr. G. DUFF, from the inhabitants of the Royal burgh of Banff; and from the minister, office-bearers, and congregation of the South Free Church of Elgin; by Mr. J. DU}F, from the ministers, elders, deacons, and congregations of th, Free Churches of Glas, Deskford, OrdiqubiU, and the Ord; from the inhabitants of Keith and its vicinity, Boyadie, Botriphine; and from the Presbytery of Fordyce; by Sir' H. D xIE, from the Free Church congregation of A bhotshall; and by Sir S. Brt.xoOrD, from the Norfolk and Norwich Operative Protestant Association, signed by 716 persons. Petitions against Government interference wi:th education were presented by Mr. CROSSLEY, from the congrega- 3tion of General Baptists, Halifa; and bybLr. M aLL, from Etockbridge, lIampshire; Debenhamn, Baptists Mount Sorrel, Wantage, Bromley, and Oakbam. Petitions were also nresented by Dr. MICHELL, from Hastings, Tunbridge Welis, and Jersey, against the laws relating to v-accination; by Air. PniLipvs, from the mayor, aldermen, and town-council of Haverfordwest, against the Police Bill; by Mr. I. Burr, from the Claverhouse and Panmure Bleachfields; and from the operatives of Dundos, in favour of the Bleaching Works Bill; by Mr. CHUaD, from the guardians of the Wolstanton and Burslem 'Union, Staffordshire, in favour of the Police Bill; by Mr. M. S3nTHu, from the inhabitants of Brenchley and its nefghbourhood, against openine the British 3nseum, &c., on aSunday; from the inhabitants of Hadlow and neighbJourhood, against the Oath of Abjuration Bill; from the same, aga3inst the total abolition of church-rates;* and from the men and w omen of Halstead, in favour of an amendment of the law espect-ing the property of married women; by Mr. PE LL , from Archibald WYhite, Mibssenden, Buckinghsamshire, complaining of great injustice committed by the Enclosure Commissioners; and from Dacre-lane Chapel, Blackheath, against rating for educational purposes; by Sir J. sERGUSSON?, from the synod of Glasgow andAyr, against he bill to legalize marriages with a deceased wife's sister; and from the magistrates and town council of Ardrossan, for the regulation of unlicensed brokers; by Mr. KIRK, from the presbytery of Dromore, the minister and congregation of Dromore, and the spirit dealers of Keady, praying the House to extendto Ireland the Scotch act prohibiting the sale of spirits on the Lord's-day; by Mr. W. LOCKHART, from the ieritors of Lanark, East Kilbride, Stonehouse, and Crawford, and from the parochial boards of Hamilton and (Carluke, praying that the property-ta: may be levied impartialy in the three portions of the empire; by r. MiA-LL, from Coggeshall, Tranent, and Oakhamn, for the discontinuance of public grants for religious teaching and worship in Ireland; by Mr. S. DAVIES, from the Archdeacon and clergy of the Archdeaconry of C'armarthen, against the total abolition of church-rates without some effectual equivalent being provided; also from certain members of the congregation assembled at Nebo, Carmarthenshire, praying for the discontinuance of all public grants, and the repeal of all laws whereby temporal proi sion is made for any religious teaching or worship in Ireland; by Mr. CRAI-FL-RD, from the provost, magistrates, and towvn council of the Roval burgh of Ayr, in favour of Judgments Execution Bill; and from the minister, deacons, members, and adherents of the Independent Church, Ardrossan, against all "rants for religions teaching and worship in Ireland: by AYr. E isoTr, from Denholh and Havick, for the repeal of Scotch Publichouses Act; by 3Mr. BoUERLE, from Hutherglen, Port Glasgow (4), and Dumbarton (2), against the wee pawn systemn; from Dumbarton (2), and Port Glasgow, against Local Dues on Shipping Bill; from Dumbarton, in favour of Commissioners of Supply Bill; and in favour of the Factories' Bill; by Mr. V,ACE, from the Protestant Association of Dublin, com- lamininof thc persecution of Scripture readers in Ireland; by 31r. CoWs^>, from the Scottish WReformation Society, against all endow-ments to Eoman Catholic chaplains both in the army and navy; and by 31r. AIILIUIGAN, from Salem Chapel, Yorksshire, against all public grants forreligious purposes in Ireland. LOAN FUND SOCIETIES (IRELAND). In reply to a question from Mr. POLLARD-URQUHART, Mr. HOPRSMAN said, it was not the intention of Her 31ajesty's Government to introduce a bill to regulate the loan fund societies in Ireland in conformity with the recommendation of the committee of last year. COUNTY TREASURERS' ACCOUNTS. AIr. MILES asked why the county treasurers' accounts of last year, which by the act 15th and 16th of Victoria, chap. SI, sec. 50, were made returnable to the Home-office at Michaelinas Sessions, had not yet been laid upon the table of the house ? M1r. MASSEY replied that the treasurers had been ex tremely remiss in complying with the requirements of the act of Parliament. Last year the whole of the accounts were not in the possession of the Home-office until the month of July, and up to the present time only half the number of returnis which ought to have been made inr January had been received. He saw no reason why the accounts should not be returned with the utmost regularity, and he could only say that the Home-office had done all in its powrer to procure their transmission, and that he thought the Courts of Quarter Sessions ought to interpose their athority and require the county treasurers to furnish the abstrarctws punotnaily. I reply to Mr. HADFIELD, The SOLICITOR-GENERAL said, he intended to proceed with the second reading of the Wills and Aenlinistrations Bill on Friday night, if it could be taken before 10 o'clock. THE MILITIA. In reply to a question from Lord N&is, MIr. PEEL said, it was not intended to disembody the several regiments of militia in the order in which they were embodied. TIE FOREIGN LEGIONS. Colonel DUNWE asked at what time the Government had determined to disband the foreign troops in the British ser-ice, whether now in England, in the East, or in any foreign Couutry; and whether suach troos, whn disbawded, were to receive any advantages of pension or emigration, which vwould not be granted to British troops of the line or militia? Mr. PEEL replied, that the foreign levies would be disbanded at as early a period as circumstances would permit. The rights of the troops were regulated entirely by articles and stipulations which wera framed when each foreign legion was established, and, of course, the promises which had been made would be strictly fulfilled. Those troops had no claim to jcensions, although, on being disbanded, they would be entitled to gratUities, at the rate of three months' pay to the officers, and 12 months' pay to the private soldiers. They wera also entitled to a passage, at the cost of Her Majesty's -Government, either to their owtn homes, to British North America, or to the Cape, as they might vih. EDUCATION (SCOTLAND) BIELS. In answer to Mr. 1LH.DFLD, The LORD-ADVOCATE siid that, if the state of the other business on the paper permitted, he intended to proceed with the second reading of the Scotch Education Bills on Friday. Mr. HIADFIEID gave notice that he would move the postponement of the second reading of those bils for a fort- uight. THE FRENCH WAR MEDALS. Colonel LINIDSAY said, that some misapprehension e-xisted as to the answer which had been given by the UnderSecretary for War to the hon. and gallant member for Lincoln the other evening with reference to the French war medals, and he therefore begged to ask, whether these medals which were said to have been transmitted for distribution to the troops were to be conferred on ever officer and soldier who served in the Crimea, or whether the decoration was to be conferred on such officers and soldiers as Her Majesty might select for the honour ? Mr. PEEL said, the medals would be distributed in the proportion in vwhich they were awarded in the French service, namely to 10 men in every 1,000, and it would, therefore, be necessary to select those soldiers who were most worthy to receive the decoration, Accordin-ly General Codrington, with the aid of the commanding offecers of the various regiments, had been instructed to make such a selection. In answer to Colonel LiNDsAY, Mr. PEEL said, the decoration would be confined to noncomnmisoned officers and private soldiers. BUSINESS ON FRIDAY. Sir J. PAKINGTON inquired what would be the course of public business on Friday next? Would the Police Bill or the Bill for the Appointmient of a Vice-President of the Council be taken on that evening ? Lord PALMERSTON replied that his intention was to go on with supply on Friday. It was doubtful whether the Home Secretary, who was suffering from indisposition, would be able to be in his place on that evening, and therefore the probability was that the police bil would be postponed. They should remain in committee on the estimates until 12 o'clock, and after that hour no business would be taken involving discussion. Sir J. PAXINGTON.-Am I to understand that neither of the biUs I have mentioned will be taken on Friday ? Lord PALbIERSTON.-Our intention is to go on with supply until midnight, and the right hon. gentleman may draw his own inference. (A laugh.) i!11AYKOOTH. Mr. SPOON1ER then rose to mnove that the House should resolve itself into a committee to consider the acts for the endowment of Maynooth, with a view to the withdrawal of' the grant, due regard being paid to existing interests. He' confessed that upon the present occasion he approached the! subject of Maynooth with greater difficulty and unde'r greater embarrassment than he ever experienced before. The question was exhausted, and rather than intrude him. self again upon the House he'would prefer going into com- mittee at once. (Loud cries of "Hear!" and "Divide!`)' It would be recollected that last year he proved that the evidence taken before the Maynooth Comnissioners was sent to Rome before it was submitted to Her MEajesty' or' communicated to Parliament; that prohibited titles were given to Roman Catholic ecclesiastics in the report of the commissioners; that the evidence of the witnesses was tampered with in such a way as to render it entirely valueless; and that the report itself was contradictory and unworthy of the least consideration. Upon the present occasion-although hehad been informed that a conspiracy had been formed between himself, one of the Ministers of the Crown, and the Archbishop of Dublin, not to go into that investigation-a piece of intelligence which he need hardly say was altogether devoid of truth-he would not renew his motion of last year, but would ask the House to pass at once to the consideration of the Maynooth endowment. At the outset he vished to call attention to the report of the commissioners; and the first remark he had to make upon it was, that the witnesses appeared to have deluded the commissioners from the beginning to the end, and to nave converted the inquiry into a msockery and a sham. The Rev. Mr. O'Hanlan denied that the Pope or the' church had any temporal power, directly or indirectly, but he admitted that the distinction between temporal and spiritual affairs was sometimes a'very nico one. He added that a vote for a member of Parliament was a temporal matter, but that it might become a spiritual one, because its direct and immediate effect might be the commission or avoidance of sin. The same gentleman said that he should be warranted in withholding the sacraments of the churchfrom a man who voted for a particular candidate, because his vote might lead to the commission of sin. Was that a doctrine, he (MrSpooner) asked, which was in accordance with our allegiance to iSte Sovereign, or w. hich we as a Protestant nation ought to uphold? The principles taught at Maynooth were of a most penicious character, and he was surprised how a Protestant country could permit them to be taught. The Rev. Mr. Burke and others who had been educated there, but who had since seen the error of their wavs, declared that the prominent idea in the minds of the students was the an. dou'oted supremacy of the Pope, and the belief that, although the Pope had not direct power in temporal matters, yet that it followed indirectly by reason of his power over the souls of people. He (Mr. Spooner) believed that the evidence of the professors who had been examined had been got up for the purpose of deceiving the commissioners, and he thought that so far the professors had undoubtedly succeeded in their object. Then, as to the books employed at Maynooth, did the com. missioners hear what was their nature? A collection of those books had been made with great care by Mr. M'Gee (as we understood), and why was the evidence of that gentleman not taken by the commissioners? If it had been it would have been found that those books inculcated doctrines which he trembled to contemplate. They inculcated doctrines which allowed equivocation in order that good might be produced, and as regarded the confessional, he would not venture to mention the way inwhich that subject 'was treated, but he was sure that those books ought not to be placed in the hands of young persons. Was it then just that a Protestant nation should be called upon to pay taxes for the purchase of books which laid down such doctrines ? Cardinal Wiseman had lately published two numbers of an old work in which the title of the descendants of the House of Hanover to the throne was disputed, and in which the existence of heirs of James was asserted, and that such an opinion was inculcated among some portions of theRoman Catholic conimunity was confirmed by other publications. The house might rest assured that there was at the present moment an earnest intention on the part of the Roman Catholics to claim the right of succession of a Roman Catholic king, and for which they meant to make a struggle; and that they would never cease in their exertions until they had placed themselves in all respects on a level with the Protestant church establishment. This design was at work, and the Government and Parliament were lending themselves, unconsciously perhaps, to the carrying out of this object. The noble lord opposite (Lord I'almerston) knew that the Roman Catholics exercised a most dangerous and unconstitutional influence upon the Government of the country. Look at the appointments which had been made, and test the character of those on whom those appointments' were conferred, and which -the whole country condemned. It was the fear of those gentlemen below the gangway which had led to those appointments that were most injurious to the best interests of the country. Unless they would shake themselves free from those fetters with which they were shackled, andtould release themselves from the influence of what they were pleased to call kind and benevelent feeligs, and would consider what was being done at the present moment by the Roman Catholic priesthood, they would inevitably bring down from 1 ts present high position the Protestantestablishment of this country, and sacrifice all that their forefathers had bytheir wisdomi effected. His conscientious conviction was tfiat all those who took the oath of allegiance were thereby bound to do everything they could to oppose the College of Maynooth. It was that feeling, operating so strongly on his mind, which induced him to adopt the course he was now pursuing on this subject. Great efforts were being made to bring Maynooth wholly under the influence of the ultramontane party. He implored hon. members not to vote in support of that establishment with a blind contempt for the consequences which must follow such teaching. (Hear, hear.) He knew the obstacle to his obtaining the assistance of a right hon. friend of his, whose absence ho regretted, was that his right hon. friend doubted whether the House was not bound in good faith, after what took place in 184., to maintain the grant to Maynooth. The lata Sir Robert Peel would have been the first to denounce the conduct of the Maynooth professors, and he was thoroughly convinced that great statesman would not have pleaded any bargain or compact in support of the grant. In introducing the measure of l845, Sir Robert Peel said:- " It is, I trust, conceived in the spirit to which I have referred-a liberaland confidng spirt. We have not introduced it with the leading ecelesiastical authorities in the Roman Catholic church. It has not been a subject of stipulation or contract with them." (Hear.) It was proposed as a free gift, infuU confidence that the professions of those who received it would bo observed, andwith the view to give to Ireland a higher class of Roman Catholic priests. Those professions had been broken, and that object had not been attained. There was no promise. The House was free to act, and under those circumstances it was their duty to withdraw the grant. He would quote another high anthority, that of the noble lord the member for the citv of London, who, on the same occasion, said:- |" I do not mean to argue, as has been done by otherhou. I gentlemen, the question of compact, or whether it would be wiseor -dent atter Q -yea;rs, duxin0 dql this gnt has been made, to stop suddenly, and to declare that you will advance no further sums from the blic purse for the ?ur,pgt of edmcatingathepriestsof a te 'n Catholic relidon. But, at the same tuie, I will say that if you found you were doing that which was mischievous to the community, and that the religious scruples of the comniunity would not allow of the continuance of thiagrant, or, with reference to civil and political reasons, you .ound that those you meant to be the teachers of religion had become the leaders and conductors of rebellion-if, I say, you found for any of these causes that there was ground sufficient to refuse this grant, then I can see no valid reason why any compAct should restrain you, or why, upon strong grounds of tbis kind, the House would not be justified irn declaring thliait would give no further allowance." He would ask those who possessed an intimate knowledg0of Ireland whether they dired get uand say that thperests educated at Maynooth were not the leaders of rebefLiinthat they were not doing all they could to subvert society, and loosen the ties which bound man to mn (Hear.) He was sure that the priesthood educated at Maynooth were not clear of the charge which the noble lord the member for London made againAst them. He wished he could be as sure that the Government would, in the true Protestant spirit, throw themselves upon the country with regard to this question. The echo of the country would undoubtedly satisfv them that they need not fear the pressure of gentlemen below the gangway, but might act as they thought fit for the reservation of the constitution in Church and State. (Hear.) would trouble the House with an extract from an authoritywhich no one upon the other side of the House would repudiate. He referred to the historiani of the day, who, writing unshaclded from party views, showed the results of popery as compared with Protestantism. [The hon. member proceeded to read the well-known passage, in-which hlr3 Macaulay declares that the chief object of the Chuirch of Rome during the three centuries which followed the revival of letters was to stunt the growth of the human mind, and in which he draws a comparison between the piesent state of Italy and Scotland and what they were 400 years ago.] Mlr. 31acaulay could not be accused of havinga bitter feeling towards his Roman Catholic fellow-citizens on aecount of their religion; but it was the language of an historian who felt himself compelled by truth to show that where Popery ruled there it blasted, and where Protestantism took root' there the people were blessed with peace and good will towards men. He did not know whether his right hon. friend the member for the University of Oxford was preaent (Mr. Gladstone had shortly before left the house), but he was afraid he had been led away by the doctrines of expediency, which had spoiled our statesmen for the last h0 years. If, however, he wanted to put this question in the most forcible way, he must go to the w,ork published by that right hon. gentleman The Church in its Relations uith th,c State. The right hon. gentlemani might have changed his boViniens, but his work nad made such an imprestson upon lm (Mr. Spooner) that he had believed himself called upon by every tie of human duty to take up this question. [The hon. gentleman proceeded to read a passage from the work in question, in which Mr. Gladstone contended that the anticinations with which the support of the College of Maynooth had been undertaken by Protestant Ministers had met with well merited disappointment. The grant was niggardly in amount, and the principlewaswhollyvicious. Thehon. gentleman here directed his glance to the Treasury bench, the onl,occupentof which (in the temporary absence of Lord Palmerston) was the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who appeared to be enjoying a profound slunber.] In these days of limited liabilitynthe right hon. gentlemen upon the Ministerial bench appeared tobe indulsing in an unlimited quantityofsleep. {Much laughter, wvich appeared to disturb the slumbers of Sir C. Lewis vwithout awaking him, for, turning round into a more comfortable position, the right hon. gentleman immediately went, to sleep again amid the renew ed laughter of. the House.), If he had been successfulin awaking the right hon:' gentleman he should 'have requested the attention of the Goverhment to the pawssage which followed, in which Mi. GLadstone avowred his belief that the support of, the College of Maynooth would be a thorn in the side of every Govermment until the grant was abolished. That prophecy had been thoroughly proved by events, and he should lie to ask every Minister who had governed this country since the estabishment ofE Maynooth, whether he had found the priests well-educated and of Christian character. He wished the House to understand that his remarks applied onlytowhat had taken-place in Ireland. The English Roman Catholic gentry were a very different class, and he knew that they deprecated the conduct,of thepriests. (Hear, bear.) He thanked the House for tne patience with which they had listened to him, but when he booked at the benches behind him he could notheld thinking that he did not receive that support to which he was entitled from the party with which he usnaily acted. (Hear,_hear.) He would rather see hon. gentlemenrpresent, even if thev told hiu he was in the wrong, than find that they kept away altogether. His conduct in that house had always'been gIuded by his sincere convictions, and he should continue toraise his voice against that submission to Popery-that truckling to those whose support was desired, which was unworthy of English statesmen, unjust to Protestants,'and injurious to the best interests of the country. If the noble lord at the head of the Government would take courage, cease to truckle in the way there was too much reason to believe he had done to the Roman Catholics, and boldly support the constitution irn Church and State, he would be the most popular Minister who had ever held office. The hon. gentlemanconcludedby moving, "That this House do resolve itself into a committee for the purpose of considering the acts for the endowment of the Colege of hMayncth writh a view to the withdrawal of any endowrment out of the consolidated fund, due regard beiDg had to vested rights or interests." Mr. 'CANN wished to know, in reference to tho hon. gentleman's observations upon the consequences of -the teaching at 3Maynooth, what would have been the consequence if Roman Catholic- soldiers, tau-ht by priests, had been absent from Inkermann? (Hear, tear.) The Catholics of Ireland, taught by the priests of Maynooth, had shown as much loyalty during -the last war as any ether class of Her Majesty's subjects. Mr. BLACK said, tle amendment of which he had givens notice, that the committee should also consider the question of grants to other denominations in Ireland, 'was not proposed for the purpose of interfering with the national church. Before giving his reasons for bringing forward that amendment he would state the amounts received by the 'various religious denominations. In 1853 the Presbyterians received about 38,0001., and that sum was to be increased this year to 39,0001. In the same year the amount received by the Roman Catholics was 26,360l, the revenue of the established church being 700,0001. Thus the amount of publicmoney received by theRomanCatholics was extremely small in comparison with that received by the members of the establshed church and the Presbyterians, He believed that no one could saythat on the principle of essential justice this was a fair proportion to be divided among the different sects in Ireland. If. it was objected to give money for the support of the Roman Catholic establishment at Maynooth, might not the Roman 'Catholics object with equal reason to give sums for the support of Presbyterianism and the established church?' The general fund from which all these grants were taken was contributed to by all sects and parties, and there was not a person who smoked a pipe or took a cup of tea who did 'not give his portion towards that general fund. He 'had sometimes seen Mahomedans and HIindees sitting under the gallery of the house and listening to the debates, and he could easily conceive that any of those people, if they were listening to such a debate as the present, and were 'told that the Christians were quarrelling among themselves as to the amount of money each sect should receive, would conclude that it was not those who were receiving the large proportion, but those who were getting only the small pittance, who were insisting on an equitable division. (Hear, hear.) Maynooth had a stronger claim to its endow. ment, on the ground of contract or statutory provision than had the Presbyterians to their grants, which only' proceeded, as far as he was aware, from the mere voluntary benevolence of the country, whereas, with regard to thegrantto Maynooth there was anhonourable understand. ing at the time of the union; and, finally, the endowment was sanctioned and confirmed by the memorable act of Sir PR. PeeL He did not mean to argue that an act of Parliament might not repeal what had been done by another, but all he contended for was, that if a selection of a giant for withdrawal was to be made the grant to Maynooth had a 'higher claim to be retained in consequence of the contracts which had taken place with respect to it. He was aware that strong objections to the endowment of Maynooth were founded on the consideration that Romanism was mna favourable to civil liberty, and that it was heresy, and ought not to be supported. He must acknowledge that, as far as he had been able to see,' Romanism had not been favourable to civil liberty, for such of the mnonarchs of our country as had acted despotically- hadgenerally found aid in theRoman Catholic reigionx; and where Romanism abounded the rod of oppression fe71 heavily on the People. (Hear, hear.) Wishing to state the case honestly, he would tell the iish Roman Catholics that if, instead of agitating for ismpracticable objects, they would' get up a monster meeting and pass resolutions against intolerance and bigotry in countrieswhere theRoman Catholic religion prevailed, and if they would induce their hierarchy to use their influence to promote toloration in those coun-' tries, they would do more by such means than by any other to remove the opposition of the English Protestants. (Hear, hear.) But'the main objection to the endowment of Maynooth, andthatwhichmost weighed on the minds of the great mass of the petitioners against it, was that the Roman' Catholic relgion was heretical. This appeared TO be at the' bottom of all Or' nearly all of the opposition to the grant. and it was on that grourd that he Z 1 d a great repugian-e to its withdrawal, for if they were to set about putting down a religion because they thought it heretica they could only succeed by stern persevering persecution, such as existed in Spain, Italy, and Portugal. Where persecution stopped short of that degree, so far from putting down a religion, it only promoted it. What was the reason that in Eng'and there existed the eriscopal form of religion, in Scotland tho Presbyterian, and an Ireland, generally speakng, Romanism? Because episcoacy wras persecuted in Eugland, Presbyterianism in Scotland, and Romanism in Ireland. The Protestants desired to promote Protestantism, but would the withdrawal of the graut to Mapnooth, which withdrawal the Catholics would consider an insult and an injury, render the latter more wilmin to receire the Protestant doctrines 7 Was the House prepared to act on the pnuciple of political justice, or on that of persecution-for such he held every attempt to raise or depress one sect or form of religion? He, for one, would not be a party to anything approaching to prsecution, but was reared to do justice to all sects antd arties. The great ? of the people were Protestants z but what was Protestantismn One of its great principles consisted in allowing to every man the right of his own independent judgment in the matter of relioin. (HIear, hear.) lme hon. gentlemanconcluded by movmng, aks an amendm zent, the addition of the followring words to Mr-. Spooner's motion :- And at the same time to take into consideration the other Parliamuentary grants made to religious denosantions in Irelaed."e 'Mr. HADFJEL]D seconded the amendment. Lord CASTLEROSSE protested against the endeavour of the hon. member for bNrth Warwicl6shire to convert that house into an arena for angry sectarian strife, and to make his own intolerant opinlans the rule of conduct for al around hi-m. Even if ruhon. membe's bigotry ndL prejudice had not so cloutded his reason as to make it 'ain to argue with him, all the arguments which he had ad. 'ancod Ead been so often' and so conpletely answeed or; former occasions, that it would be wating the time of the House to atteinpt' to answer them now. (Hear,) What right had the hon. gentlemar to constitnte himself a Jndge of what was religious truth and twhat eligious error. (HEear hear.) It by no means became one who gloriedin the right of private judgient 'to take uponi himself to condemn the relion not orilyof millions of Her Maje y'a subjects I hut ofte majority of the Christian wbrld. {Sear, hear.) This grant wf2s founded on 3 distnct compact between the two countries, indit was supported by Mr. Percival in 1812 on that ground. He begged the hon. gentlenan to ponder well whether the course which he was pursuming-supposing his motion were carried-was calculated to upho cnd strengthen the established church in Ireland. The hon. member' denouncedthi rant as anational is, but he would remind him that it was but a poor substitute for the wealth which had been taken from the Catholic Church-the church Of the people of Ireland-and transferred to the establUshed church. He felt confident that the House would -not sanction so great a -breach of faith as the repeal of this grant would be. (Hear, hear.) - Lord BERMARD denied that there had ever been any - compact enter'edinto,for the.payment ofthis grant, and even if there had been it would have expired 20 years ago. The act of 1795 simply'gave power 'to the Roman Catholics to institute a ^ollege for the ifsthictionof their priesthood in order to avoid tlie necessity of their being sent abroad-and the coimpact 'at the timd'of tL6 -Union was; that all grants ustuy paid byPa liainen s, hould be continued for 20 years. The great argumexit advanced in favour of Sir Robert Peel's measure was; that it would improve the priesthood of Ireland, -and that for the future they would be men who would endeavour to infuse a better spirit into the RIoman Catholic population of Ireland. Had those anticipations been -realized ? he - would ask. ' Since tlne passi of the act of 1844 the circumstances of Irelanda very much changed. The taxation of the two countries had been very much equalized. Ireland now paid taxes from which she was formerly exempt, and the Protestants of Ireland, therefore, now contributed towards this grant. Against this, as the representative of an Irish Protestant constituency, he protested. The population of that country had been reduced by nearly one-third, and the college of Maynooth, instead of. being confinedto the training of Roman Catholic priests to meet the wants of L-eland only, had been converted into a nursery for recruiting the clerical ranks of that church throughout the whole British empire. That was scarcely consistent with the purposes of this endowment, the more especially as - the Roman Catholic body, by means of its "Society for the Propagation of the Faith," had other funds at its command for supporting its own missions throughout the world. The fact, however, was, that the present P.oman Catholic Archbishop of Calcutta and the Bishops of Madras, of Hyderabad, and of Adelaide, of the same communion, had 1al been educated at MEaynooth at the expense of the Protestant taxpayers of the united kin"dom. It was said that the withdrawal of this grant would endanger the Protestant church in Inland. That. churcli, however,. stood on too strong a foundation to be inperilled by such a measure. Protestantism was steadily making -its way; and it was notorious that large numbers of Irish Roman Catholc emigrants were constantly joining its communion when they reached the other side of the Atlantic. Thishappened, it should be remembered, concurrently with the fact that, according to Roman Catholic testimony, numbers of the clergy of that church had left their cures in Ireland for America withiin the last few years, in consequence of the eniigration of large portions -of their flocks. The hon. member for North Warwickshire had ably-dealt with the doctrines taught at Maynooth CoUege; and certainly there could be no question that the tendency -of the education there imparted was to spread discord among aaU classes of the community in Ireland. The clergymen who had been trained at that institution had never shown any. desire to bring the members of. different creeds together, but, on the contrary, had always striven to- keep them- disunited. Anindependentmember of the'House had great, difficulties to contend-with in endeavouring to procure a satisfactory settlement of. this question; but it should be I borne in mind that the public out of doors bad long 'come to - a" deliberate decision upon it. The feeling of the peopleof Englandwas, that this Sebastopol of the Church of Rome could no longer be allowed to exist as a standin'v menace to Protestantism, and that it must h>e utterly raze- M Ar. PGAN thought that one of the grounds on which the noble lord who - had last spoken opposed the grant to Maynooth was of a most extraordinary nature. The noble lord, as tbh representative of a Protestant constituency in Ireland, contended that 'as the taxation between the two countries was now equalized, and as the money paid out of the Consolidated Fund was drawn equally fro6m the pcckets of the English and Irish people, it was unfair to cal upon his Protestaut constituents to way their proportion of this grant. But could the noble ford deny that the grant to Maynooth was a miserable aud contemptible payment iii partial restitution of. thepropert which had been wrested from the Roman Catholics of~ Ireland? The noble lord had asserted that the colege of Maynooth was devoted to the purpose of educating persons for the Roman Catholic priasthood, who were nct intended to afford religions instruction to the people of Ireland, but to propa,-atetheirfaithin other countries. There was no foundation whatever for the libellous attack made by the noble lord upon the Roman Catholic priesthood of Ireland beyond his own strong prejudice andexcited imagination, and he wasunabletoaddice any proof in suport of his allegations. He (Mr. Fagan) deeplyregretted tat th.hon. member for North Warwickshire (Mr. Spooner) should have chbseni such a'moment'as the present to bring forward a-question which could not fail to stir up en2ry feeling and religions discord, not only in this country, 'but in other States. The olive branch of peare was about to be exchanged between nations of different religious creeds, and it might have been'hoped that persons- of al classes and opinions would have cultivated feelings of mutual amity hutthe hon. gentleman was mistaken if he supposed-that the Roman Catholics of Francewere not deeply sensible of theanmmalinsultwhichwas offeredtotheirrehigionbyhis continental agitationofthis subiect. HeshouldlhLe toknowonwhatgroundsofjusticethevoluntaries combined with hon.members opposite forthe abloE tion of the Maynooth gfrnt. Hewasas much in favour of the voluntary principle as 'any man 'ould be ;ibut it was not applicable to Ireland where a church establishment wasprovnded by the State for the wealthy classes, but where the great mass of the people were left to shift for themselves, The voluntary principle was incapable in Ireland of main, taining a sufficient number of Roman CatholiEc clergy for the religious education of the people; but, even if it were, why should voluntaries in their opposition to the Maynooth endowment coalesce with gentlemenwho would not go aninch further with them-whio, on the contrary, would oppose to the death . every attempt to abolish the Irish church establishment? As for hon. members opposite,. they entertained an hereditary hostility to the -omau Catholic religion, to which even Macaulay had not done 'justice, for it was unfair to charge living Roman Catholics with the atrocities perpetrated in the days of MIary and James II. If Protestants could not convert the people of Ireland to their own religion it was their bounden duty to assist them in the acquisition of those high moral doctrines which no one denied to the Roman Catholic faith, and which were adequate to-the repression of the frightful crimes that sometimes disgraced that countrv. The hon. gentleman concluded by expressing the hope that there might soon be an end to these irritatin.P religious discussions which were productive of nothing bat harm, and that all :arties, forgetting their theological diff'erences, might comnI)ine in advancing the material and moral welfare of the kingdom. Mr. WlLKINSON would not vote for the withdrawal of the grant from -Maynooth while-the Irish church establishment was kept up. - Mr. KENNEDY contended that somne toleration was due to the Roman Catholic church, seeing the num'ber of educated and distinguished persons who were constantly being " converted" to that faith. Within a comparativelyrecentperiod no fewer than 332 persons had gone over to tho church of Rome, including three duchesses, onemiarchioness, two countesses, four viscountesses, eight right honourable ladies, one honourable miss (a laugh), 10 baronets, twovenerable archdeacons, 85 reverends, and 272 people of distinction. This was a matter which he thounht should be dealt with as a question of education, and of education simply, and he asked whether it was better to teach those who;were to instruct the population or to leave them to pick up their education as theyrnight. MIr. DR VERE remarked on the inconsistency of the hen, member for North Warwiclishire, who having enpressed a wish for an early divisioi, and admitted that the question had been so thrashed as to Preclude the iPossibility of an original observation upon it, did net reduce his principles to practice by makig his motion and at once resuming his seat, but dashed into the wide field of speculative theology, took a fling at the priests, denounced auroular confession, criticized the writings of Mr. Mracaulay. and glanced at half-a-dozen topics] besides, all of whichw ho touched with that light and airy gracefulness which was the enchanting characteristic of his oratory. (Much laughter.) Nor did he stop there. HIe sade'doginatic assertions, which could onlybe met with denials equally authoritative. He took upon him, for example, fo state that the Roman Catholics of this country were hostile to the Protestant successlior-an allegation not to be combated by argument, and which could not be otherwise disposed of than by a simple and unqualified contradiction, such as he (Mr. De vere) did not hesitate to give to it. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member opposed the grant to Maynooth on the ground that the doctrines taught there were inconsistent -with good government, sound faith, and Christian morality. (" Hear, hear," from Mr. Spooner.) To say so, was in effect to maintain that, at whatever cost to the feelings of the hish people, a great national institution should be disendowed simply because the hon. gentleman cherished a theological hatred for the religions opinions of his Roman Catholic fellow-subjects. It was to be hoped tllat intolerance such as this would not find favour with the House. The withdrawal of the grant would not extinguish the Catholic religion intIrelaid, for the means of edueating the clergy would be forthcommg from the spontaneous exertions of the people; but it would foster popular discontent, promote agitation, and violate the principles of a just, generous, and enlightened policy. (Hear, hear.) Mr. H. DRULIOND, who spoke in so low a tone that at timaes he was inaudible in the gallery, said that the House and the country were indebted to the hon. gentleman for having brought this subject under discussion, for although, whether the 3motion were carried or not, was a mnatter of small importance (a laugh), it was, however, of great importance that the question should be discussed in thit house. He Was afraid that the hon. gentleman would not think that he was doing the eause good service when hetoUl him that on the theological part of the question he entirs2y differed from the views -which he had enunciated, nor did he think that that was a part of the question with whikk the Iouse was competent to deaL (Hear, hear.) In his einioro the only thing worth considering was, what was the moral teaching of a certain set of gentlemen whom, for the sake of1brevity, hewould call Popish priests; It was not what was his opinion, or what wa4 the opinion of the hon. gentleman, or what was the opinion of Protestnt States, that should be taken into consideration; bp.' what, on polta oE mor%Vty, Va the opiniqu ot Rom%xCatlolio States,' or, better stiL, ,hat wa that of the Pope himelf-' and there miiht be gntlemen present who'beieved that thi Poay nover changed his miud...Xewas not on that oocasiot gong to quote Liguori,; he had often done so on previous ocasions;. but he would say that he wished that every Roman Catholic gentleman would carefully read Zigori S (a laugh), and perhaps, indeed, as at the present day there was a great fit for examinations, it would.be as well to malke x rule -that every Romain Catholic gentleman should be examined in his writings. (A laugh.) As he had referted; to Viguori, he felt bound to express his opinion that the House had Austaineda great loss by the death of the late Mr. Lucas, than whom no man' in that honse was better acquainted with Liguori and the doctrines of the Roman Catholic church, and than whom no man was a more zealous and honest upholder of them. (Hear.) He had a small book of instruction used by Roman CathoEcs, entitled, Wlust ezery Cl7ristian. mu2st know, which cost onlyapenny, in which thera wera some curious maxims. Among others it' laid down the rule, " It is a sin to mix something with what you sell ," to that part he had no objection, but it went on, "for example, water withany liquor escept"-and he wvould ask the House to mark the exception-" except it is the cbmmon custom, or that it is necessary in order to gain a reasonable profit." (Loud laughter.) Then, with regard to thieving, it was laid down- "It is a venial sin to steal a little. It is a mortal sin to steal much; for example, to steal from a workman a day's wages, or to steal less from a poorer- man, or more from a ric4er man. If you steal from different persons, it needs half as sauch again for a mortal sin, and the same if you steal at different times. If you steal from different persons as well as at different times, it needs double the sum. If youL steal often a little, when the little sums come to make altogether alarge sum, then it becomes a mortal sin. It is also a mortal sin to steal a little, if at the same time you have the will and intention to steal much if you could."; Then, again, there was something in it upon the subject of oaths., It laid laid down the maim," ' If you call upon God or anything sacred to witness that what you say, is . the trath-for example, to swear on the book or by the name of of God or by Heaven, that is an oath; but if you do not know that you, are taking an oath, or if you 'do not mean to take an oath, thenit is to oath," andso witnesses could come into court -and perjure themselves with a clear conscience. Now, 'if 'such doctrines were inculcated by the Roman Catholic church and gained ground, it would be impossible to carry on the Government of the country, -and the ultimateresclt-would bethat all human society must come to an end.- 'There was, however, one safeguard against such a result. Therewas inthe minds of Roman Catholic gentlemen as well as in the minds of Protestant gentlemen a principle which induced them to say, "We will not lie -to please our priests." That principle is not what is ealled a Protestant principle-aphrase the meaning of which he did inot pretend to know. There was nothing in ?rotestant principles- which could stand against Papacy, because in Papacy there was one fixed principle, which was to bring all other religions in subjection to, it; and the only thing which could withstand it was increased civilization and education and that feeling of honour common to man.. Without that power priesthood must ultimately preva and it was that power alone which could avert the danger. Why, he emebered when it was said that if the Pope should presume to make a .bishop, the bishops of Ireland would not receive him; .but had thatbeen the case? The great question which he thought ought to bo considered was, how the church in Irelind might be settled in a way different to thegresent; and he thought 'thatif the House did not well considerthat question the fall of Maynooth might entail consequences at present.little ,anticipated. m Mr. MiEAGHElR said; that the endowment of Maynooth hadbeen treated by Sir Robert Peel not as a boon to Ireland hut as a measure of State policy; and he urged the House not to disturb the arrangeruent which had been made by that eminent statesman unless better reasons were assignaed for such a step than hai hitherto been given. Mr. DEASY thought,that there was no little signMificance 'in the fact that the motion of-the hon. member for North Warwickshire received the sapport neither of the Ministry nor of the Opposition; that no man who was, who had been, or who aspired to be a iMinister, concurred inthe doctrines, piinciple, and arguments of 'the hon. gentleman, and expressed 'his opinion that,' with such negativetestimony against the -motion,- the Eouse, beforeadoptingit, oughtto requira very cogent arguments in its favour. 'No such arguments had been adduced.. The most serious charge made again3t the education given at Maynooth was, that it wasinconsistent with loyalty to the 'British Crown and attachment to the British constitution. The report of the commissioners and the evidence on which it was founded, instead of warranting, entirely disproved that charge. The hon. gentleman (Mr. Spooner) had quoted the -evidence of 'several witnesses, but he had not referred to that of Dr.. 3utler, a convert to Protestantism, who had been educated at maynooth, -and who had stated that the priests whb were trained there wereqiite-as loyal as those educated on the -continent. 'The practical result of the training given at this college was proved by the conduct of the priests on two different occasions, separated by an interval of halfs century In the rebellion of 1798, which occurred before a single priest educated at Maynooth had entered on his mission, the priests were the leaders of the insurents. But, what was now their conduct ? He would appeal to the authority of MIr. Snith O'Brien, iho' -irn -cbnve-satii with John Mitchell attributed his failure tbthe cowardly and treacherous conduct-of -theopr:ests, who, he said, on two or tbree occasions, when the people seemed to be gathering in force, came whispering to th-e crowd till it melted away like the silent thaw of snow. Tbhat sa statemnent which no one could question or. deny. -Such had been the beneficial 'resultesof the policy of ithe Government 'in sipporting the establishment of M1aynooth,' and yet they were told that that establishnent was the hotbed of sedition. Had the Roman Catholics, whether clergy or laity, been- defcient in their loyalty duling the recent war. At Alma, at Inkermnans, and at Balaldava thousands of Roman Catholih soldiers had bravely done their dsty,-and he would ask wasthis to be their reward on returning to their native country? Were they to find Parliament engag'ed, 'not in considering how their valiant sorvices mi-ithbe duly-appreciated and what shobld be the meed bestowd 'upon -tlhem, btut in these wretched disputes'about the education of those Catholic clergy from whom' thosegallant nnen derived consolation in the hour of sicl;ness and of danger- '(Hear, hear.) Whatever hon. gentlemen 'might say. of- the errors and' superstitions of the church of Rome, she still 'had attraions sufficient to win back to her fold even such men as Schlegel, Newman,- and Wilberforce. (Hear, hear;) The hon. member for Edinburgh had said that the doctrine of the Catholic church was inconsistent with liberty. Bnt was this borne out by historical truth? Look' at -constitutional and Catholic Belgium. There was no country in Europe in which con- stitutional liberty fiouished with greater vigour and succe_s3l and that among an entirely Catholic people. See.- agauS what had taken place in Sardir (Hear, hear.) While in Protestant States constitutional government had proved a failure. In Protestanlt Prussia the tree of liberty had, it was true, been planted, but it had borne no fruit; while in countries essentially Catholic, whenever constitutional governmenthadbeenfounded, it had prospered Something had been said of ufltramontane doctries,butho doubtedwhether any hon. member knew exactly what wasmeantbytheterm. T'here were two meanings attached to it. One class of Roman Catholic theologins ascribed the infallibility of the church of Rome to the General Council and tlle Pope at its head;' while another class ascribed it to the Pope independently of the council.. He knew not in -which of these two senses the hon. gentleman used the word, but in whatever sense he used it he would aslc the hon. gentleman wlat had he to do with the' question? Protestants denied the existence of infallibility altogether. But, he would ask, was this a question -worthy of the consideration of the House; or one which could by possibility be made to assume a pD1i: tical character? It was true that ultramontanism was an expression used in another' sense, in -which it ascribed temporal power and supremacy to the head of theRomaa Catholic church, and it was in that sense alone that the House had any right to deal with it. But he contended that all evidence ne'atived the charge that there was any teachin at Mayiiooit which inculcated any such doctrine. But -whn hon. members talked of encroachments by the Roman Catholic church on the temporal authority, he would asic whether thero was-no other church which advanced pretewsions to authority inconsistent with a due subordination to. the temporal authority ? WVhen he was asked to look be- ona the Channel, he-would request hon. gentlemen to, ook beyond- the Tweed. . ear, hear.) ad not th churchi of sotiaiia pult forth pretensions° Re remembered Lord Melbourne once' saying, in his place in the House-of Lords, that in his opinion' the church of Scotland was a presummtuous as- the Romnan Catholic church any day. YesI the presumption of the church of Scotland had been fomAd tobe no obstacle to her -advancement beyond- -the Twreed; while the presumption of the churcI of- Rome had beun ande the ground for withholding from her the small fragment of' Government 'aid lhich in this establishmnet of Maynooth 'remained to her. The fact was, this charge of disloyalty was a merepreter:t disloj'altyandnltra-moasrsm were but pretences, the real grond of oppobitioma being that the Roman Cathoic _clergy~ ware distasteful to the ultra-Protestantim oE this country. (Hear; hear.) To use the wordsof Mr. Macaulay, "the Pu Wtau blood was up," the old No-PosrfeelingwasaliT-r. It was thatwhich had crowded the-ta leswithpetitionsa.?d coercedaanyhon. gentlemen in their vetes. (Hear, hear.) They should remember that they we not merely the representatives of Protestants. They were the senators and legislators of a great empire, compos-ed of Probestants, Catholics, and Pres- byterians, an tiey could not govern that geat empire constitution3lly unless they regarded the rghts and respected the feelings of the Catholic ndhor. Theywerethetrsees of a great fund, c-ntributecbyallelassesandcreed, andthey were bound toadminister ibwithjdicia imatialitW. No claim could be better foue ea jstice than that of the Catholics 47 Ireland, not imerel for this miserable pittance, but for an endowment suited to the ants of thei chureb. (Hear, boar.) They maintained in Irelan2 a church, the wealthiest in Europe, for thegeligions instra_tice of a. smiaUl and we;lthymninority, He was surprised to liaar tin. lhon. member speak of Mr. Macalay. as an istorian free froza all -Party prejudice; but if ihe ! ihon. umber accepted lr. Macaulay as such,' he A ould i come to the same eouclusion as Mr. Macaulay with respwect to thiervery grant and with respect 'we- the established chtuh ot hIrelnd. They maintained oitof the pblifunds aother ecclesiastical establisiment fos a small ninority He asked them how they oold refte to the Catholics of Ireland an establishment suited to the means, tho wants, and the requisitiows of the Roman Cathoio people ? It was not the 4hurch of the rich and the few-it w thchutrchu ofthepoorandthemany. Therefusal to maintain that church was justified upon no principle, avse that the Roman Catholios were, from some undefined oause, inferior in civil rights to their Protestant and Presh teisa fellow-countrymen. He clainetl for the Roman CathoEcs aceal san religious t%UnIit ; an. it wasbec%usa *szaotiou interfered with that e ualtyl that he gave it hs nmost strenuous opposition. SHeer.) Another reason for the refusal was based upon arguments which he believed were grossly calmnnious of the Caholic church (Hear.) Eaving dealtD with the justiceof this grant, he would direct attention to the practical consegnences of its withdrawal. One consequence would be that thee Catholic subjects of the Crown, constituting one-third of thepopolation, would consider its withdrawal a declaration of hostility by the Legislatureagainst the doctrines andprinciples of thechurch of which they: were members. It would alienate their affections, cause them to withhold their confidence, ind inspire widespread discontent, which, smouldering like fire in ashes, ould bezready atanymoment to hurst out into'dlame. (Eear.) Another practical consequence would be, that if this motion were carried it must lead to a -reconsideration of the whole ecclesiastical establishments of Ireland, and he asled the supporters of the motion, whether the Protestants of Ireland would be likely to profit by that reconsideration? (Hear.) These consequences might be thouht remote and visionary. He would sugest some which were immediate and tangible. SuPPOSing this grant were withdrawn, and the funds supplied, as no doubt they would be suplied, by private contributions from the Catholics of Ireland, assisted by contributions from the Society for the Propagation of the Faith. they would lose all control over Maynooth and aRl right of inquiry, into the practical education of the pastors and ministerssof 5,O0,OO of people. But there was another, and that a foreign source,from which the supply might come. The House was aware that there exista, and had existed for many years, perhaps for some centtries, in Paris, an institution called the Irish College, for the education of Irish priests. It vas founded and endowed by the munificence of the Bourbon Eings.- During the revolution it was confiscated, but was restored by the first Napoleon. Up to 1845 the number of students was 145; since that time the number had fallen off considerably; but if !Waynooth were, shut up that institntion would only require the necessary funds to attain adequate *proportions. In the French capital the funds would not be wvanting. Those who had studied the career of .the present Emperor would not hesitate to believe that he who boasted himself to be " the eldest son of the church" would avail himself of an opportunity, afforded by their intolerance, of signalizing his zeal for that church by readily su pplying from the Imperial Treasury of France that which was withheld from the Iial Treasury of Great Britain. Then vould rise up w.i the vwalls of Paris a Maynooth which no Rooyal Commission could inquire into and no vote of that House could control or affect. Was that a contingency which hon members were pleased to contemplate? (Hlear.) Was it consistent with the honour, the dignity, and the safety of Englandthat priests, who were to exercise influence over such masses, should be educated, maintained, or supplied by any foreign prince or potentate? (Hear, hear.) It was to guard against that danger that' Mr. Pitt originally established Maynooth, and that Sir Robert Peel enlarged and permanently endowed it. He hoped those great names had not lost their weight with hon. members on the Opposition benches. But he had still greater confidence that the British Parliament and the British public would not be regardless of the dictates of reason and' the suggestions of policy. He believed that, although -silenced for a time by the storm of political excitement, reason and policy would prevail in the end, and that the British Parliament would not allow the fights and feelings of Roman Catholics to be invaded or outraged by the Protestant majority or the representatives of that Protestant majority. (Hear, hear.) He appealed to iight hon. gentlemen opposite to prevent ountains of bitterness, which it -was hoped had beea sealed for ever by the aet of 1845, from being reopened. He iished-them to' use their influence to prevent the recurrence of these painful discussions, which were productive of no practical result e1cept creating division and hatred between hostile creeds. -fle did not know what course they meant to talke upon -this subject. Maynooth might be -a convenient hustings cry anda good opposition topic, but they would find if they came to sit upon that (the Ministerial) bench that it would be a serious embarrassment in their course, and that it would be impossible to construct'a Cabinet which would endure six mnonths if it adonted the principles of the hon. member (rr. Spooner). Whatever course they miight adopt he appealed to tbe House at large, which must wish this country -to be united at home and respected ibread. He appealed to them, as they valued a just -and sound policy, to reject a motion that would inevitably- embitter the feelngs of their fellow-subjects and alienate their confidence and affection, which w ould sow broad cast the seeds- of present discontent and futafe divisian, and inevitablyinlict upon the rising prosperity 6f Ireland a deep and lasting wound, (Loud cheers.) Mr. NEWDEGATE had notforsome time heard'anabler or a bolder speech from a Roman Catholc member than that which tbe hon. aiidlearned gentleman had just made i. defence of the grant to Maynooth. (Hear.) It was the speech of a Roman Catholic representing the present temper of the church of Rome. That hon. and learned gen. tlenan pledged himself upon the hustings (he did not know how he reconciled that pledge with the oath he hadtaken e. that table) to destroy the Protestant church as establisheXi in lreland. Mhe hon. and learned gentleman had not only ledged himself to do all-that lay in his power to destroy the Protestant church as establshed in Ireland, biit had-claimed as a matter of justice for the Rtoman Catholics notordy the 25,0001. voted to Haynooth, bat an adequa%e enidowment for the church of Rlome in Ireland, (" Hear, hear," from r. }loebuck, and counter cheers from the Opposition benches.) - He admired the hon. and learned gentleman's candour and booldness, andhe rejoiced that. the sophistry and pretexts of the church of Rome were thus by an able advocate dispelled. The hon. and learned gentlema 'had -told' the - House that by the maintenance of- this ,grant-> to Mayn6oth the - egislature must either be convicted of an inconsistezicy, or s bound to establish the church of Rome according to the auibei of Roman: CatholiEcs 'in Ireland. Ze had spoken of -the-loyalty-6f the Roman Catholics. He said thit there was a rebellion in 1798; and that the Roman Ca population, -was -loyal -in 188. Now, the hon. and learned gentleman must' 'allow him -to tell him that loyalty was a qualified term in the-Roman Catholic church. There co;ald boe no doubt that in no countryin theworld-were the RoonAa Catholics more loyal than inAstria at the uresent mom6nt. In that country the young Emperor had given the Roman Catholic church'the controlover education and made heF supreme. Rome never-supported those revolutions,-which werenotinaccordancewithherpoElcy. She-did not sopport the revolution of 179SS because it broke upa despotism-; she did-not smpport tho revolutions of 1848 for the sme reason. She was now'seeking to establish her own degpotimb throughout the world, as she hbd established it in Austria, ancl by the introduction of the ultramontane system to destroy theliberties of mankind. (Hear. hear.) The hon. andlearned gentleman was apprehensive tha' Mavnooth- would be removed tb Paris, wYhre no check eould Sa exercised overit. t lhethougDihtthat the lastcoimmission which examined into 3Haynooth was useless-except for tho evidence it elicited; it, reminded him of the applicatioi made by Lord Redesdale to Mr. Percival in 180T, to- be relieved from the irksome and ridiculous position of visitort6 the college. Since 1806 all the textbooks. which- supported the doctrince of the -Gallican church had been superseded by books of the ultramontane school, and the object of the endowment of the college,which was the prevention of the introduction - of ultramontane doctrines into England, had thus been defeated. Thes& doctrines might as. well be taught at Priis as at 3Maynooth; but if they were taught ab- Paris the English Government would net beresponsible for theu, whereas, being taught at Maynooth, they were responsible. (Hear, hear.)i The object of the establishinent of a Roman- hierarchy in this- couiitry in 1850 was to destroy the compiarative liberty formerly enioved- by the Roman Catholics, and to replace it by aniultramontane despotism. I-n 1845 the sumof 30,0002: was granted to hlaynooth for boilding purposes on the plea that there was a want of accor.eodation. Bow was thati money applied I Seven years aiterwards Sir FHead-visited laynooth, and found that li. Pugin had been appointed architect, and hada emoved- the old buildng andi had. erected a new one wit- accemmodation for- 215 pupils more than. the 520-ocginally on the estallishment. Since 1845 the population of' Irelad had diminished b- 1,600,000 or 1200,000persons; the great parttof whom were RomanrCatholics, and yet that House was.providing, if it continued the graut, a greater number of priests than waloriginally intended fora larger population. Was that thb intention of the framersm aid psoposers- of the act of 1IW? The trth was, that the-act had failed in, preventing thRoman Catholic-priesthoofirom being imbibedwith foreigii and ultramontane principie_ -It had failad-in anotherway. It was. intenged only to.proride educaton for a numbet of priests suflicient ifor the& requirements of the Roman Catholic population of Inalax d; and yet this Protestant country was vow-caUedon'te educate an additional number to be distributed througlh tbe rest of Her MajesWt dominions. - The-quesaionw settled in-the minds of ite pteople of England, who.woild not, -witit the sanction of the State, inflict upon-tbe country a priesthoodo-tained in ultraimontane - doctrines, subvensive of liberty, asd,alalcliate&t attach the -oriesthood and-thpersons under their infiuenoe to a foreigi. Power.ithbr than to the' authority of thei-owi country. - (Cries of *t DMie r) -ThO hon, member-for-the county of Cork hr.d!wwied -the great party to ivhicbl he (MIr. Neredegaite) belbugd, that, weoenever they became occupants-of the Minitscia1 benche, bthey must naintain the Mayaoeth. vote, azd must db jastice to Irland by establishbg the Roman Catholic ciurch with an authority and in apoeitiomadieuuateto the hon. mnember's sense of justice. All.he -coul say was tIk, ifSany of the parby with which he-acted5 shoud ever eatertain so wild, a, scheme, they might sit on.the Ministeriali bench as the- representatives- of a - mairity unlie- tle influenca, of the Court and- seeof lRomc, but, they woud not sit there as-the-xeprsentatives ofz the people of Rugland. He appealed ito-past history, :,nd askod whethev-i ws likely thatthe-frea-born pople of EiglA would ee-srubmit toa Goverment so ibased as-wouldaing arnocg the ula tioathe representatives of IboreigunPower? certain bod of anembersin thbt houselnight-sake govemnmaot difficult -they might. eauberrass satceseive Goverrniants, and some otthe uyper clas mightbe-m&Oe converts of and induced to .joia their-oommunic * bntthe result wvotid only be a nepetitio oE-those circstncsi wbiectonmlaed this country inL It8 for among tho~ p,ple there- still existei the samespiit; anditwasarashandavain hope on the~ part of hon. aeinbers .if th -efanei2d that a Govern.ment mnder theiuenee of Rom--we ever be permanently etablisbediinthis country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DEASY said,, th the hon. msnaBer had inorxrectlr refred to a statemd.otohis. What he said om,ihe oocasiot alluded to w&nqnobthat he advocated the nibat destrue. tiou of the P.rotestaut cAmrch in lrelnd, but that Protestaa chuarch establishiacat there was, as at present comstituted, a. grievance. Mr. ROEBBLCK said, that ticebon. member for Warwickshire who had js asat down had spoken of the possih8ity of converts being made to the Roman Cathoic faith, but he hoped the hersL member would not consider him as one oE the number. Therefore, in whateverhe might say,,bcl od he should be considered as speaking without hbeiag undar the influence of the Catholic priesthood or the, Chthoh religio. HIe wanted to asl; whst thoy were about to decide onx the present occasion and what was the history of tius nt to xlaynootb, HEstory told thiem that this : 3 ynooth grant was first propunaded 'by ProtesAt jassema. An Iral Mterwax hM. Pltt adoptod th-at grant, which had been previously made by a Protestant aszembly, in the election of which not a single Catholic had a voice. Mr. Pitt stated that at that time revolutionary opinions were prevalent in Europe, and he was afraid that the Irish Catholic priesthood, if educated abroad, mnight imbibe some of those opinions. Mr. Pitt consequently proposed th.at Parliament should take on itself the maintenance of Mlaynooth for the purpose of educating the Catholic priesthood of Ireland within the country. This proposition was sanctioned by a Protestant assembly in England, without any reference to Catholic ascendancy. Then came Sir R. Peel, who a very few years ago determined that the vote for Maynooth should be a permanent vote, for the purpose of educating the Catholic priesthood 'Within the country, apart from all foreign interference. Well, now appeared the hon. nmember for Warwickshire, 'who, putting aside the experience of Pitt and of Sir R. Peel, asked the House to follow him. He (Mr. Roebuck) had great faith in Pitt and some faith in Sir R. Peel, but he had no faith in the hon. member for Warwickshire. ("Hear, hear," and laughter.) As a statesman of England, without having reference to those narrow ideas of bigotry and hatred to the Roman Catholic religion which he did not pretend to entertain-as a statesman of England, he asked whether it was not more for the interests of this country that a place of education for the Catholic priesthood should he endowed in it than that the Catholic priesthood should be allowed to go abroad to be educ.ated, and to bring back with them to this country ideas imbibed under foreign influence? The hon. member for Cork had alluded to the fact that the right hon. entlemen who usually sat on the front Opposition bench had been absent during this discussion. It was not difficult to say why. They wvere absent beca-use they were statesmen-because they expected at some time or other to govern this country, and they knew that when the Government of the country did rest with them they would not be able to support the opions of the hon. member for B orthllWarwicksire. Had not Ireland suppliedmen to our armies who had fought our battles at Alma, Inkermann, and 1alakiava, and should we now turn round upon them and say we would withdraw this grant out of opposition, not to their religion, but to the doctrines taught at laynooth? The Lon. member for West Surrey had said that there were maay liberal Rmoian Catholics who were opposed to the doctrines taught at Maynooth; but was that House to set itself up as a judge of truth and falsehood in matters of religion? He had lived long enough to know that upon that matter no man in his senses 'would attempt to judge another man. Every man had his oxNn religious opinions; but no wise man, actuated by the humble spirit of a Christian, would presume to decide on the religious opinions of another man-to interfere, as it were, as a judge between that man and his Maker. Such an attenmpt would b'G preposterous and absurd. The lion. member for Cork had well pointed out that in the Irish insurrection of 1798 the Irish Roman Catholic priesthood and the Rosnan Catholic people were against this country, but that in the insurrection of 1848 the priesthood and the population were on our side. It was notorious that the Young Ireland party, by which that insurrection was excited, were opposed, not supported, by the Roman Catholic priesthood; and the insurrection of 1818 might, therefore, be appealed to as a proof of the wisdom of Mr. Pitt's policy. The Roman Catholic priesthood of 1848 had been taught under the domimon of the English people, and the college had been subject to nquiry at any moment. By abolishing this grant the right of interfering and inquiring would be taken away, and the professors at Maynooth might teach any doctrine they chose. kioong at the question simply as a legislator, without any reference to Protestantismor Roman Catholicism, he thought it safest for the country at large that the college of Maynooth should be naintained under the supervision of Parli.ament, and on that account this grant would have his support. 21r. KIRK said that the amendment of the hon. member for Edinburgh if strictly construed would extend to all Parliamentary grants for religious purnoses-to the grant for Trinity College, and to the Irish established church, just as much as to Maynooth. He warned the hon. gentleman the member for -North Warwickshire that he was playing into the hands of the bitterest enemies of the church to wrhich he belonged. Maynooth might now be struck at, but the ultimate aim of the warmest supporters of this motion was the established church. Iord PAL31ERSTON.-Sir, I confess that I feel great reget that the hon. member for Warwickabire should have thought it his duty again to bring this subject under discus;ion in this house. I conceive that nothing can be more umfortanate than repeated debates on matters not connected with politicalobjects, but turningalmoost exclusively, as this discussion has done, in consequence of the example set by the lion, mover, upon mere theological and ecclesiastical topics. tHear, hear.) No doubt, the hon. gentleman (Mr. Spooner), like every good Protestant, evidently desires to see all the subjects of the Queen become members of his own creed. 3But, on the other hand, the professors of the Roman CatholiEc religion, actuated by a corresponding sentiment, naturally wish all the population of the country to belong to their persuasion. These, however, are matters in no way dependent on the discussions of this House. (Hear, hear.) It is not by stirring up the angry passions of polemical controversy that we can hope to convert to our own faith those who differ from us. On the contrary, the more these topics are debated in the irritating spirit which I am sorry to say the hon. member for Warwielishire has thought fit to exhibit, the less likely it is that that harmony will be established which offers the only avenue-if any avenue there be-to an approximation towards unanimity of opinion on matters of this grave and high importance. (Hear, hear.) The question really before as has, however, nothing to do with the comparative truth of the doctrines of the two creeds which the hon. member ;Ls discussed; it is simply aquestionof political expediency, nmely, " Is it, or is it not, advantageous that this endowment should continue i" and also, "Is it just and conistent with existing engagements entered into towards Ireland to zaintain this grant ; or are we at liberty to aboElish it in the manner now proposed " In the first place, I think the course of events has shown that an obligation of good faith has been contracted towards the Irish people, which binds us to retain Maynooth College on its present footing. It has been well remarked that this is not an establishment orieinating with a Roman Catholic authority; but one tuat was instituted by a Protestant Parliament in Ireland, and subsequently sanctioned by a Protestant Parliament in England, and which was placed on its present basis at the recommendation of a great Protestant Minister. I wiU not enter into the subject of the teaching now pursued at Mlaynooth; but it has been argued that that teaching is incompatible with loyalty to the overeign of these realms. In answer to that I say, "Look at the results." (Hear, hear.) Was Ireland ever more loyal than at the present moment? Have the Irish people ever turned their attention more than they are now doing to social improvement and the development of the natural resources of their country? Has Ireland ever been more tranquil and contented thannowv And was there ever a time, therefore, when, if instruction is to be judged by its fruits, you had betterreasonto be satisfied with the teaching imparted tothe peopleof the sister island? (Hear,hear.) Idon'tattach any great value to what has been advanced in the course of this debate as to the conduct of our Irish soldiers and sailors in the late war, because never was there a period in our history in which the Irshmen engaged m our axmy and navy have not so acquitted themselves as to wan the admiration of the world and relect honour on the country which gave them birth. (Hear, hear.) There is nothing peculiar, therefore-however praiseworthy it may be-in the conduct of our Irish fe1ow-subjects who were engaged in the operations now brought to a close by the peace recently signed. (Hear.) But the hon. gentleman and those who support his motion say thatthere is a tendency inthe doctrines of theRomanCatholic church to seduce their adherents into a predilection for a foreign authofty and the indulgence of ultramontane sympathies. That that would be an evil, I wiU not dispute with the hon. member; but is he prepared to aggravate it by compelling Roman Catholic priests to be educated abroad, and thus to have them not merely tainted, a& he alleges, with principles of ecclesiastical authority which he disapproves, but returning to their native land as stransgers, imbued with feelings totally at variance with those engendered by an education at home? And can he think that, by driving them to foreign countries to undergo their preliminary training,1he would reaUly mend the defect which was the object of his serious animadversion ? Whether these priests do or do not entertain the ultramontane principles of ecclesiastical discipline attributed to them, let them at all events be brou"ht up as Irishmen attached to the land of their birth, and mar3-ed by the habits and the tone of sentiment characteristic of men who have been educated in their own country; and, suzely, you will then have stronger guarantees of their loyalty than if youl force them into temporary exile to qualify themselves to be the future spiritnal instrnctors of their fellow-countrymen. (Hear, hear.) I shall not enter further into msattera wicht have already been too much and too often diusseed a6d which (if it were pos6ible to anticipate any change in the opinions or conduct of the hen. _ mao,er I Ehould hope wourld never be again obtruded 'on the satenton of this House. That, however, in, I fear, too sanguine an expectation in which to midulge {laughter); but, be that as 2t may, I certainly will not follow the example of the hon. gentleman. I prefer to follow that st bythe enmnent statesmen named bymy hon. friend the memb -r for Sheffield, and to walk in the footsteps of those who, not less sincerely Protestant than the hon. member for Warwickahire, have yet better understood the true interests of their country, have been actuated by sentiments more worthy of legislators of F:-gland, and have felt that theyin no degree sacrificed their own prindples or betrayed the religion they professed, bv according to the presthood of a large portion of their fe ow- countrymnen the meansz alike of rendering themselves capable of ministeringtothe members of their own creed, and of themselves imbibin in their early years those sentiments of attachment to their native country by which it is essential that the instructors of a people should always be animated. On these grounds I shall, therefore, oppose both the motion of the hon, gentleman opposite and the amendment of my hon. friend (Mr. Black), in the hope that the House will think it high time to put an end to these irritating polemical debates. (Cheers.) Mr. SPOONER then replied, denying thathe hadbrought forward his motion in an angry or irritating temper, and reiterating his opinion that the question was one, not merely of political expSediencybut of principle. The House then dividedupon Mr Black's amendment, -when the numbers were- For the amendment .. ... ... 21 Majority .2. _ ... .. 253 Against it .. ... ...-232 TLe SPEtKER inmulediately becan to read the main ques. tion, but discovering, when lalflway through the motion, tkat the Clerk had omitted to turn the glass, he suddenly paused, and amid some laughter ordered that indispensable ceremony to be performed. The sand having run down, the sight hon. gentleman put the question to the House, but the " Ayes"' and "N oes" were so evenly bal.anced that he found it impossible to determine which preponderated. He put he qestin a econ tim, whn, nthouh th cres of
PABLIARMENTARY NOTICES. HO'USE OF COMMONS, WEDN.ESDAY, APRIL 16. NItIs:I>Q /s1 7XtV Justices of the Peace Qualification Bill,-Committee. NIinisterst' Mone y (Inrelasnrd ialL-coolcgSecond reading. Snpply.-omsittee. ways and hMeans,Committee. Disslenters Mlarriarge Bill.-committee. Exchequer Bills (A21,1S2,700) Bil.-Tirdd reading. NOTICFS OF MOTIONS. Mlr. 1. Butt.-Return of all the counties, baronies, or other districts in Ireland now under the operation of the provisions of the Crime and Outrage Act, or any of them; distinguishing the provisions of that act in force In each of such districts, and the aate of the proclamation placingit under the provisions of the act. Ok. cairns,-Iteturn of the aggregate amoumt paid for litigation on dispted ettemens i Engand in nd incotheyear 1846. ClonelDus e-Addressfaonr copmy onf tshmecdifferent conventions and agreements as to pay and allowances, either vwhile serving or on disch.arge, made with the officers and menin the different Foreign ,egions in the British service, together with a copy of the attestations cf each corpe. FIRE AT LAVENDER Docx.-A fire took place yesterday in the extensive range of premises known as the Laveuder Dock, at Rotherhithe, and at one time it was feared that the whole establishment would have been laid in ruins. About 5 o'clock some one connected with the dock aerceived flames raging sm the lower part of the houses used as the pitch; sailcloth stores, and other offices. The engines of the London Brigade and West of England Insurance-office arrivedin rapid succession, and, the Rotherhithe outpicket engine having been set to work, the firemen went into the lower part of the building, and, by great exertion, they succeeded in stopping the further progress of the flames.
DEBT of ECUADOR.-The FIRST HALFIL YEARLY DIVIDEN'D, being at the rate of 1i. per cent.. will be PAID on the Bonds of the Consolidated Debt or the Republic of Ecuador, on and after the 1st of May next, at the office of the EcpatorJanCommission of Agency, Neo.11 Austinfriars, where forms of claim may be obtained.-April 15, la85. CIITY of MELBOURNE LOUN, VictorPi.-The UJ Union Bank of Ausralia will PAY, on or after the lst proximo. the HALF-YEAR's INTEREST, due on the lst of May, 185I, on the Debentures issued by the Corporation of the city of Melbourne, under the authority of "The Melbourne Improyement Act, 185," and "The Mxelblourne Imuprovement Act, 1ESS5;' 1,r, the principal suass of such of the Debentures as shall then become due. Parties entitled to receive the same are requested to lodge their securities at this ofrioe. with a list setting forth the numbers, dates, ana amount, in order that *bey may obtain payment in three clear days after the day of such lodgement, H. M.D. SAUNEDEIS, Secretary. o,Old Broead-street. London, April 14, 1856. . SALONS, Ma1or N a MEETING or ASSEMBLY of the MAYOR, L Aldermen, and Liverymen of the several Companies of the City of London, in Common Hall assembled. at the GuildhaU of the said city, on Tuesday, the 15th day of Apr I56; Resolved, Thatthe Billlately intro.uced into the House of Commons. purporting tobe for the better regulation of the Corporation of London, although profesing to abolish such customs and privileges as imuriously affect trade. ignores the whole body of .the Lavery, is destructioe of its privileges. exthguishes its municipal existence, and is otherwise subversive of the ancient rights. rpertles, and liberties ot the Corporation, and that thXfis Comrmgokn HpI determiner. to give the nost earnest oppoution to tho pingof such BilL Resolved unanimously, That bth sweeping awfy the longetablishedi rights of the Livery, and transfering the functions of that very numerous body of 15.000 and upw/ards in the euail number or2 3Sasrson!, a principle is adopted obviously at variance with the true spirit of reform. Resolved unanimously, That the L ivery are fully alive to the desirableness of reforming all abuses, and would gladly lend their aid to any scheme of reform really worthy of that designation, but theycan only consider the present Bllt as one of inconsiderate change, needlessly and injuriously interfering with long-established and valuable institutions, the right use of the powers of the Livery never having been inpeached, andIt being indisputable thatgret sernecesavo beeni renderedby~them to the country. Resolved unanimously, That this Common HlaU approves of the pro. ceedings of the Committee of Iiverymen, appointed at a Meeting at the Gunldhal Coffeehouse, held on the 9th day of April instant, and herebyrequeststheeaidCommitteetocontinueotoactonitbehalf, and in add such members of the Livery to their number as they may from time to time deem advisable. Resolved unanimously. That the petItion now read be adopted and signed by the iAvery, and presented by Mtr. M3terman to the Homse of Conunens, and that all the Members of the City be requested to support its prayer. Resolved unanimously, Tha the beet thanks of this Common Hal be given to the Right Hon. theLordMayor for his exceUent conduct in presiding on thisoccasion. M3EREWETHER. WALBROOK WARD.-At a MEETING of the1 T Inhabitauts of the Ward of Walbrook, hehl the 14th day of April, 1556. at the Baytreo Tavern - DAVID WIILLIAMS WIRE: Esq., Alderman, in the chair. The Alderman, opened the proceedings of the Meeting, and stated that the objects of the Meeting were to take the proposed Bil brought into Parliament by Sir George Grey, for the better regulation of the Corporation of the city of London. into consideration, and to take such steps with reference thereto as mpiht be deemed necessary. Proposed by hfr. James Clark Laurence, and secouded by Mr. W. Dawson, andearried; That. in the opinion of this Meeting, the Bili just read and explained, entitled "A Bill for tne better Regulation of the CorPoration of London," is unnecessary, unjust, and unconstitutional, and ought to be opposed. That most of tue changes proposed to be made by the Bil are uncaUed for, are not justified by the evidence contained in the Commissioners' Report, and have an inevitable tendency to centralize authority and thus destroy the wholesome effects of local self-government. That the BiU further attempts to destroy ancient rights and revenues, without compensation, although such rights and revenues have been secured to the citizens in the most solemn manner by Charter and Acts of Parliament. and were purchased from the Crown for valuable services rendered or pecuniary consideration paid, That it interferes with the rights of the citizens to elect their own magistrateso as rtofo d. pyrovidesfoarthe cration of stipendiary magistrates,ine andtu ho h circltyd int the jrsito fteMto pelican Polae. That, therefore the Bil oughttobeoposed. Mr.G Stdgerproposedthefoan owing amendmentwhdch wasseconded1 by Mry. W. };. Rock:; and upon the amendment being put, the original resolutionh was carried- That the resolution proposed by Mr. haurence and seconded by Myr. Da teon be printed and circulated in the Ward and that a Meeting be held on a future day to take the same, and the Bill to wich it relates, inino consideration. Mr. Stride proposed and Mtr. hampreli seconded the following resolution, which wa carried. That the Alderman and Common Council of this Ward be instructed to use every legal and constitutional means to oppose the BliU The following resolution was proposed by Mr. H. E. Murrell, and seconded byMr. Ford Hale, which was carrled. That a petition against the second reading of the Bil, founded on the foregoing resolution, be prepared and signed. and presented to the Homse of Commons, and that the representative3 of the city be renuested to support its prayer. Proposed by Mr. Ledger, and seconded by Myr. Lampreli, and carried'- That the foregoing re3outions be inserted in the usual papers, ana. signed bytthe Ward Clerk. Reolved. That the thank;s of ithl Meeting be presented to the Worshipful David WlDiams Wire, Resq., Alderman, for the ability and courtesy with whichhe haspresided over this MEeetin. JAS. PHLLI3hPS., Ward Clerk. T ONDON CORPORATION BILL.-A PETI- .L.JTION against the passing of the above BilL agreed to at the Common HaU held this day, wiU ITE for SIGNATURE at the Comr mittee Room, GulIdhall, onWv'ednesday, the 16th, Thursday, the 17th. Friday, the 18th, and Saturday, the l9th, from i0til4 o'clock each day. Central Committee Room, GuUidhall, April 15, 1856. TotheVESTRYof ST. GEORGE, HANOVER-SQUARE. My Lords and Gentlemen, T Beg to thank you very sincerely for the honour you . have done me in electing me one of your Medical Offioers of Health, and am, My Lords and Gentlemen, Your much obliged and obedient'servant. Carzon-street, April 15. ROBERT DRUITT. TTNIVERSITY of LONDON.-Notice is hereby %J given to the Graduates, that the ADMISSION to DEGREE-S win take place at Burlington-house, Piccadilly, on Wednesday. May 7. at 2 p.m. By order of the Senate. h JOHN GEORGE SHAW LEFEVBE, V.C. Burlington-house, April 14, 156. YTNIVERSITY COLLEGE, London.-FACULTY VJ of 3DIINE-The SUMMR TERM will COMENCE on Thursday, May I. Classes inthe order in which the Lecturea are de. livered duringthe day:- Botany-Professor Lindley, Ph.D. Pathological Anatomy-Profcswor Jenner, y.D. Medical Jurisprudence-Professor Carpenter. M.D. Practical Chymistry-ProfessorWilliamson, 1.B.S. hidwifery-P?rofessor Murphy, M.D. Ophthalmic Medicino and Surgery-Professor Wharton Jones, F.R.S. Practical Physiology and Histology-Teacher George Harley, M.D. Materia Medica andi TheraDeutics-Professor Garred, M.D. HosDital Practice-Daily. Medical Clinical Lecturea-Professor Walshe, Professor Garo, andProfessorJenner. Surgical Clinical Lectures-Professor Quain and Professor Erichsen. Clinical Lectures on Ophthalmic Cases-By Professor Wharton Jones, FR.BS. Practicas Instruction in the Application of Bandages and other Surgical Apparatus-By Mr. Marshal. Preopeotuses may be obtained at the office of the CoUege. G. VINEB ELLIS, Dean of the Faculty. CHARLES C. ATKINSON, Secretary to the CounciL April 10, 1856. QST. SAVIOUR's GRAMTVIAR SCHOOL, Sumner- s street, Southwark-bridge : endowed1562, remodeled 50. Head Master-Rev. A. POVAH, M.A., assisted by Four Masters. At 30s. per quarter, £1 entrance, the Governors provide instructionin English nriumfar and composition, the annict, French, German, writing, anthmetic, mental calculation, btookeeping, mdthematics, gegr_phy, mappirg, history, practical geometry, natural philosophY, fo ourtars o oavpen atenfr Sevpera exhibitions of £0 Per anm fcption*uy3s than ana forecatives of Sothoattrk. Many of the scholars reside at a distance, and remain between school hours, or dine at thei HEad Master's. Right boarders received. For prospectus apply to the I H nnead Master. Engagemnts-ionfis *rea ianteret av beenutefre bo the IndOpera aDauhtes, and Ssthberst o xertions uthe Army and Navy, Clergymen, endothers, o have moved in asuperiorsttiono fe.-Tbe EE TION wil take place at Crosba haDe. Bishopsgatestreet, on Thusday next, from 12 to 3 o'ldock. Sir FELI0 AGA in thoe chair. Snbscriptiong thankfully received by Miness. Coutts and Co., and by the CounciL. H anomoa tatHeTHEATS RoaE-eIt isPrOePtefuUy May. E ngagements of great interest have been ehfected both in Opera aDofallet deandth beer paexetos used toe daesieo the arrangeen tsa nothy sothae ocson. eThe rwosnectus ilea shortly bo issued. The subscribers and friondi of Her eaioety's Theatre, who feel an intereat in the success of this great establishment, are respectfullyinvited tO forard eiiarl intimation of their intention to subscribe. The season 120 to 110 guineas; grand tier, 110 btt 200 guinlbeas foneoaw,-120to 1oxes guineas^; two pair, 75 to 100 guineas; pit stalls, 2S guineas. The boxofflice is nOW open. [\RURY-LANE E-nglish Opera..-In consequence L of the demand for places and the desire of the artistee that nothing shall impede the wonderfully increasing popularity of nI Trovatoro, or The Gip3s's Vengeance, the Directors have great pleasure in announcing its repreentation every evening until further notice with the foUowing urecedented array of English artistes3- Lucy Escott, MEss FiT HmKuddart. Mr. Augustus Braham, Mr. Henri Drayton Mr Durand,An-TO-NIGHT, andeveryevean-gduringthe week, qTROVATORE; or. The Gips's Vengeance. To conclude with the successful ballet of TEE EXCH ) GARDEN. Reduced prices as usual. TIIA YMAR BOYAL, HAYMARKET.-THIS THREVANN',G (wednesdayl,and during the v;oek, tbenewcomedYod TEH:EVII GENVS'With the renowned Spanish dancer, reres Nena, in the new balletof EL GAMBUJSINO. Alter which (for this nght ony) aConoert. And ONLIY A HALFPENNY. AEter the waie To (n bY desire), the comedy of Court Favour, in which M3iss Blanche Fans3 will appear. After the ballet on Frliday and Saturday. Grimabaw, Begshaw, and Bradahwr, in which hlr. Buckstone will sustain his original chaater and MisTalbot will appear. With The Postman's Knock. 1 OYALJ PRINCESS's THEATRE. - KING -IL IIENRYVM. wil boprerformedTo-morrowRvenisglThursdar, April 17), when it wil be deiitivelyv withdrawn, having then completed the unprecedented run of 150 nights ]1 OYALF PRIN.,ESS's THEATRE.-Mr. and Mrs. LI CHARaIiE KE" regpectfuDy inform the public that the?r ANNUAL BENE will tak p laceonMonday week. April 26, on which occasion wil be produced Shakapeare's play of TEE WINTERS TALE. Leontes, Mr. a. Kean; Hernione, Ms. C. Kean. CST. JAMES's THATRE.-Madame andM. Gassier, Mr. Swvift, MiseLonisaVinnin, Miss P. Horton. tholnfant Pianist. hSdlle. d'Herbil, Mfr. Frank hfori, and Mr. Ah'red lMellon (with full orchestra3 will appear at the above Theatre3 TO-NIGHlT, April 16;* on which occasion the tragedy of OTHELiO will be erformed by the Amateurs who playedlast year for the Ptritioc and zisuean Fundsbeing for the XS'IT of a IR GEI YGENTLEMAN. Tickets and *ull particulars at Cramer, Beale, and Co.'s, 201, Regent-street, and all musiceselera' and libraries. 'IT. JAMES's THEATRE.-The BENEFIT TO- S NIGHT, April 16-The private frlends of the benei6ciaire aro solicited to-anake early appUcation at Cram'Ws for their tickets, the attrctive nature of the Programme having originated a large demand on the apt of the public. 7 RHEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.--reat Hit.- L Thene- Adepi drams, lAke and Unlike, every evening, by Mr. B. Webster, Mr. Wright and Madame Celeste.-LAst Two Nights of the Royal Burlesue ana Comic Pantomime, To-night and Friday,Urgent Private 4ffalrs (6rst times at second Price), and Mother and Child are Doing Well, To-morrow (Thursday), and Saturday THIS EVENING, the successful new Adelohi drama of LIKE AND UNLiKe, by blr. B. Wfbeter, Mr. Wright. and Madame Celeste ( porformedYeforeHer MajestyE, With last tunE butone) theRoyal bar. iesque wdeomic pantc mimeof JACK AND TEEn BEA STAheol or, Hrlequi and Mother Goore at Home Again. Jack and Hiarlequin M£adamue Celeste; Mother Goose and Columbine, Miss Wyadhamx (as aerformed by command before ier Majesty and the Royal Family). SHEATRE ROYAL, SADLE's-WTEALS.-Last Wightof bliss CusOman in her ex,rnordnasy delieation of Mer lerrilies, and positively the last night but two of her enga t ment TE1IS EVENING (ist time) the oNeratic dlama of GJY ben TusdaIN(. blg Merrilies. M diss Cushme. And other Enter Patments To-morrow (Thersday). the Entertainments wRi be for theo Beneft of Mliss Cu_hman. Boxes, 3s. and 2s.; pit, ls.; gallery, 6d. tT HE eminent tragfldlenno, Miss CTJSHMAN *vill Ltake her BENEFIT To-morrow (Thursday, April 17). at the Theatre Royal, Sadlers-wells. upon which occasion tho celebrated comedian, mer. Bucksone. of the Theatre royal, beaymarnet, wilt appear, forpositively this niehtsonly, BissAnoerton will also appear. The performances will also commence with THE ACTRESS OF PAD U A. Thisbe, bliss Cushman : Catarina, Miss Anderton. After which, the farce of ONL.Y A H1FPENNY, asperforrnedhefore HIer Majesty atWindsor Castle. Mr. Stanley Jones, Ple. Bucktone. To conclude with SIMPSON ANR D CO. Mrs. Simpson. iss Cushman. Box-office open from 11 in 3. Boxes, 3s. and 2;.; pit, is.; gaDorcy, 6d. R OYAL SIJRREY THEATRE.-The Great Hit T of the DaE, HO WE .IVE. This great secretnightly disclosed tcrowded adiences. M ors. Hanlon, theonderof the world-Reengagement of this roi atste, who willoappear nightly nhi brillisnt and almost incredible performances. Aw STLEY's ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE.-4Mlr WIIAIhM COOKlE has the pleasure to announce that his ANNUA COPIPLIhIlENTAItYBEN1EFITwiI takeislaceon Tuesday next, the 22d of April inst., under the very distinguished Patronage, -and iionoured by the presence, of the Right Hon. the Lord Mfayor - on wrhich occasion a maglilicent and recherchl s!elction of E:questris,n Entertainments will be presented. To secure private boxes and seats ' an early application is necessary. Box-office open daily from II till 4. (1REAT NiATIO:NAL STANDARD THEATRE.... CWProprietor, Mr. John Douglass.-Engagcmemnt of bliss G4yn,1Mr. H. Mlarston. and Mfiss Rebecca Isaacs.-THI: * ENING, the play of THE WFINTER'S TAE (unparalleled in hestrionielsadeantry), LJeontes, Mr. H. hlarstoa (of the Theatre Royal, Sadlrems-wdlls); ROYAL ITALIAN OPERA LYCEU3L Extra Night. To-morrowEvening (Thursal),being an Extra Nigbt, will be Uormed Verdi'G ganed opera, I,TROVATOREl Azncen, Mbu e. Didie Leonora, hIadame Jenny Ney Inez, T ahe danie Tliance C aConte db LunaY Signor Grais P. Fernud do, Signor TagliAa ico Ecil; SgnarSoldi;Un ZHnrgiaroy SitgnoorGregor,urin o & an preoa to his departnre for Rio Janeiro). Conductor-Mfr. Costa. The performance wil commence at 8 o'clock. ThE box-office in Welington street in open from 10 till 5. DJRIY-LANE.-ENGLISH OPERA. Under tnder the Management of rJ. H. Tnly and F. Fingsbury. THIS EEISG, I TROVATORE* or The Gipey'sVengeance. Character by Lucy BscottU Miss F. HIuddart, Mr. A. Brshaen, er. Heno b Draton, Mr. Durand. oe T conclude with THE EN HATED GABDEN . RTHETE ROYAL, HAYTHEKET. Under the Management of Mr. Bucaltone. F;or the BENEIqT0f MSr. RANSFORD. THINS EVENwING. THE EVIL GENXUI . i Fr ter which. el. GAfBUrIO; or. The MexicanRGoldAIeker. To be followed by a Grand Concrt. To conclude with ONLY AI HORFPENY. BOY PRINCSS THEATRE. Under the Management of Mtr. Obarles Rena TrHIS EVENING will be preiented LiOUIS 2CI. Louis (ICing of France), Mr. C. ICean. After which, THlE VICTOR VANzQUISHED *To conclude wita A PRINCE FOR AN HIOUR. ST. JAMES'S TH;EATE THIS EVENINGwillbepresentedOTHELLO. Characters bytho Asmateurs who performed for the Patriotic and Crimean Fnnds. After which, a Concert. To conclude with Extracts from iss P1. Horton7s Popular lllustrations. THEATRE ROYAL, ADELPP11 Proprietor, hlr. B. Webeter; Directress, Madame Celeste. THIS EVENING wiU be presented LIKE AND INLIKE. Characters by lesasra. B. Webster, Wright, P. Bedford, C. Selby, Garden, Mlorelan, Henry oladame Celeste. Miss Wyndbam. Miss Laidlaw, &c. To conclude wvith JACK AN)D THE BEAN STA LK. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. Lessee, Mr. Alfred Wgian. TEHIS EVENING will be presented STILL WATERS RUN DEEP. John MiLldmay, Mr. A. Wigan; htMo Hector Stemnhold. Ms. Stirling. ToconcludewithTHE DISCREET PRINOESS. CharactersbyMessrs. F. Robson, Emery, Dauvers,H. Cooper. White, Clifton; MissesJulla.t. George,Ternan, Marston, MwskelD, and Stephens. Commence at & past7. THEATRE ROYAL, SADIER'S-WELS. Under the Management of b'r. George A. Webster. THIS EVENING wiU be presented GUY MANNERING. hleg Merrilies, Miss Cushman; Dandie Dinmont. Mr. Barrett; Dihk Hatteraick. hIr. E. F. Edgar: Julia, Miss H. Gordon; Lucy, hEss M. Oliver. After which, RAISING THE WIND. To conclude with other Entertainuents. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. Lessees, hlessra. Shepherd and Creswick. THIS EVENING wiU be presented HOW WE LIVE IN THE WORLD OF LONDON. CbaractersbyMessrs. Shepherd, C A. Calvert, JT. H.L Rickards, W-iddicomb do ; Mkisses Marriott, R. Sanders do. After which. M. Hanlonb Pe;rformiancea. To be followed by TEc POSTMANS KNOCK. To conclude with TUFELHAUSEN. ASTLEY'S ROYAL ANPHITHEATRE. Lessee and Manager, hlr. W. Cooke. THIS EVENING will be presented THE ARAB OF T1E DESERT AND HIS FAITHEUL STEED. After which, the Wouders of the Circle, &c. To conclude with an English Steeplechase. TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of 2%e Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5Wd. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) 7he Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. No notice- can be taken of anonymous communications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the 'vriter; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. £H- The publcation of TIE TPnas commenced at 5 o'clock yesterday morning, and fiished at a quarter past 9.
LONDON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, The Earl of SADWIcH asked the Duke of AxrYGL why he had withdrawn from the prosecution of the postmaster of Huntingdon at the late assizes. The Duke of ARGYLL explained that the case had been referred to the AroP.NY-GENERAL, who had not advised a prosecution. The Earl of DERBY, having observed from the proceedings of the House that a bill was laid on the table on Monday evening relating to the University of Oxford, asked what was the object of the measure, and the reasons for introducing it. The Earl of HARRoWBY stated that the bill was intended to correct little more than a clerical error in the bill of last year. The House then adjourned. In the House of Commons, Mr. Sroo-N?P moved, "That this House do resolve itself into a committee for the purpose of considering the acts for the endowment of the College of MIaynooth, with a view to the withdrawal of any endowment out of the Consolidated Fund, due regard being had to vested rights or interests." He should not, he said, take up the time of the House by re-arguing at length a question which had been already sO fully debated, and, indeed, he made a kind of offer, at the outset, to go to a division without any debate at aU. After adverting to what he considered to be establish;ed facts-namely, the tampering withthe report of the commissioners, and the ascription therein of illegal titles to Roman Catholic bishops-he calledattentionto various passages inthe report and in the evidence,-some of which, he insisted, had been got up to deceive thecommissioners, -and to various publications, containing doctrines of the Romish Church and pretensions of the Papal See inimical to the British constitution and to Rrn mErST's title to the crown, which were now in the library of the College of Maynooth. The political part of the question, however, he considered the weakest; the only motive which had induced him to come forward, he said, was a desire to do his duty as a Christian man, and to put an end to a system which the Church of this country had declared to be idolatrous. To the argument, which weighed with some, that the House was bound by what took place in 1845, in good faith, not to disturb the alrangement, he opposed the express declaration of the late Sir Ro2r PEE3, that it was not the subject of stiplllation or contract, but a free grant, in the hope of a return, which had been disappointed. Mr. M'CAiN maintained the loyalty of the Roman Catholics of Ireland taught by the priests at Maynooth. Mr. BrAcK moved, as an amendment to Mr. SrooNx's motion, the addition of the following words:-" And at the same time to take into consideration the other Parliamentary grants made to religious denominations in Ireland." He showed the small proportionate amount per family received by the Roman Catholics from these grants, and asked whether, on the essential principle of justice, this was a fair proportion given from a general fund, to which all sects contributed, to the different sects in'Ireland, independent of the religious question and of every other consideration. HeregardedtheclaimtotheMaynoothgrant as strong upon the ground of contract, or supposed contract, and that the main objection to the grantnamely, that the Roman Catholic religion was heretical-was foundedhpon the principle of persecation, and he would not be a party to anything approaching to persecution. Lord CASThEROSSE entered his earnest protest against the course taken by Mtlr. SrooNRn, in making that Housean arena for reigious dascussions, andrequiring it to adopt his opinron as its guide. Who had a right, he asked, to conlstitute himself a judge as to what was religious truth and what was errorw? He defended the grant on the ground of contract. Lord :Bmnax denied that there was any contract, and arguled th3t since 1845 there had been a change in the relative condition of the two countries, weakening the plea upon wshich the grant had been originally made. From his own experience he could say that the tendency of the teaching at Mlaynooth was to separate Roman Catholics as a class from Protestants, and to disunite all parties in the country. MIr. FAGAN said he did not put forward the policy and expediency of continuing the grant to Maynooth-a miserable equivalent for property wrested from the Roman Catholic Church to support the religion of the minority-on the ground of a contract. He defended the grant on the ground that the voluntary principle was not applicable to a country like Ireland, where the mass of the Roman Catholic population consisted of thepoorer classes. He hoped, whatever might be the result of the division, that there would be an end of these discussions. After a few remarks by MIr WmxnsoN, 3Ir. KEmNEDY opposed the motion, urgingthatthe question should have been dealt with in a different spirit-as an educational question. Did Mr. SpooNER desire, he asked, that the Roman Catholic clergy in Ireland, if they should not be educated at home (at Maynooth), should be educated abroad, or not at all ? He contended that Maynooth ought to be supported by- the House, and that no case hd been shown for withdrawing the grant. Mr. DE VERE defended the Catholic body against the charges of disloyalty and immoral teaching suggested by what he termed the theological hatred of Mr. SPOONEB. If the motion-was acceded to, the: consequence would be, he said, the revival of agitation in Ireland. Mr. DIRuBmrOD thought the theological part of the question not one which the House ought to deal with. The only thing worth considering, in his opinion, was what was the moral teaching at Mayntooth, and he read extracts from Ligtori, which, he observed, if carried to their full length, must bring human society to an end. Mr. MEAGmER thougit the question to be one more between Mr. SrooNmvn and the Government than between that hon. gentleman and the Rorman Catholics of Ireland. Mr. DnAsY observed that the House was asked not to endow Maynooth, or to found an institution for the education of the Roman Catholic clergy; this had been done, and the House was asked to revoke the grant, and to reverse the policy which had dictated it, and not by the MTinisters of the CRovwi, nor even at the instance of the Opposition, who were absent. Under these circumstances, the House had a right to expect the most cogent arguments in support of the motion. He denied that any such arguments had been adduced; and, on the other hand, he contended that there was evidence which practically refuted the charges alleged by Mr. SpooN-PR against the Roman Catholics of Ireland and the teaching at Maynooth. All those charges-the charge of disloyalty and immorality-were but pretexts; the real ground of opposition to the grant was that Maynooth was a Roman Catholic College, founded for the education of the Roman Catholic clergy, to teach Roman Catholic doctrines. This was not a ground for discontinuing a grant which rested upon |heprnciples of common justice and common h konesty. If the motion should be carried, it must inevitably lead, he said, to a reconsideration of the whole question of the Established Church of Ireland; and it would sow broadcast the seeds of present discontent and future divisions. Mr. NEWDEGATE, in supporting the original motion, replied to Ir. Dn~sY. He strongly insisted upon the danerous character of the Ultramontane doctrines taught at Maynooth, for which, by the maintenance of that institution, Parliament, he argued, was responsible. The experiment of the coUlege, he contended, had falbed altogether, especially in preventing the Roman Catholic priesthood of Ireland from being imbued woith foreign and 111tramontane principles. Mr. Roxseucx said, he asked himself this question, -whether it was most for the interest of this country that a place should be endowed for the education of the Roman Catholic priesthood of Ireland, or that they should go abroad and imbibe opinions there? As to religious creeds, no wise man would judge other men in their relation to their Maker. As a legislator of this counLtry, he was of opinion that the grant to Maynooth ought to be maintained. Mr. KIux took an objection to the terms of the amendment, which were so large as to comprehend, he said, the endowments of the Established Church of Ireland, as weU as the Presbyterian grant. Lord PALESTON said, he felt great regret that Mr. SrooN-m had thought it his duty again to bring this subject befiore the House. Nothing, he thought, was more unfortunate than these repeated discussions of matters turning almost entirely upon theological questions, which could not depend upon discussions in that house, especialy when carried on in the spirit which Mr. SPooBa had thought fit to introduce into the subject. He (Lord P&mxEasToN) looked at the question in a political point of view,was it politically expedient or advantageous to continue this endowment, or was it fair and just, and was Parliament at liberty, to abolish it ? He considered it an engagement which good faith bound Parliament to maintain. As to the teaching at MIaynooth, he judged by results; and he asked whether Ireland was ever more loyal or more tranquil than at present? Following, then, the example of MIr. PITT and Sir RoBEBT PErEL, he should vote for the maintenance of an institution which afforded to the priesthood of a large portion of our countrymen the means of education at home; and he hoped the House would think that the time was come when an end should be put to these discussions. After a reply from Mr. Spooxxa, the House divided upon Mr. BTAcxes amendment, which was negatived by 253 to 21. A division then took place upon the main question (Air. SpoosxE's motion), which was carried by 159 to 133. The House immediate7y went into committee (MIr. NTEwDEGATE in the chair), when Mr. SpooiN-mE moved a resolution upon which to found a bill for the withdrawal of the endowment of the College of AIaynooth. Mr. HuTcHns moved that the chairman report progress, and, the Committee having divided upon this question, it was neg,atived by 154 to 132. M1r. D. O'Coxinr then moved that the chairman leave the chair; but he was induced to withdraw the motion, and the Committee divided upon the resolution, which was carried by 159 to 142. The resolution was reported, and leave was given to bring in the bilL Mr. STATorD moved for a select committee on the medical department of the army, which was agreed to. Ir. HoBssrN obtained leave to brig in a bill to explain and amend the acts relating to lunatic asylums in Ireland. IMr. I. BuTrT moved that the order for the second reading of the Bleaching, &c., Works Bill be discharged, that the bill be withdrawn, and that leave be given to bring in a bill to regulate the hours of laborr of women and young persons in bleaching and dyeing works. The motion was agreed to. The report of the Committee of Supply was brought up and agreed to. The Exchequer-bills Bill passed through committee. The House adjourned at a quarter past 12o'clock.
Spring returns once more, and with the first swallow come back to us Mr. Srooima and Maynooth. Few people, we imagine, rejoice at this vernal infliction, and among those who have least reason to be glad are we, whose duty it is to treat a subject envenomed by party and religious rancour with a reference to practical conditions of action wholly overlooked by graceless zealots and angry disputants. Let 31r. SpoornE, and those whom the bigotry of so many cliques, in so many constituencies, have forced into an unwilling and unwelcome alliancewith theBirmingham philosopher say what they will, but the question of the continuance or abandonment of a grant to Maynooth College is not to be decided on abstract and controversial considerations. lr. SrooNEr has a short way with Maynooth. The College is founded to teach the Roman Catholic religion, the Roman Catholic religion is bad, that which teaches a bad religion is in itself bad, and that which is bad ought to be abolished. What young gentleman could desire a more complete demonstration for a theme of thirty lines, and who would not be satisfied with BEL.nr&NcrE, LIGUORI, and all the other authorities whom Mlr. SPooN EB vouches, to blacken the belief and irritate the feelings of 6,000,000 of Hxi A'IAJESTY'S subjects? We wilt makle Mlr. SrooNxx this admission,-that in the abstract we are not ourselves greatly in love with Mlaynooth; indeed, we might be brought so far as to concede that the gratuitous instruction of the clergy of any sect does not seem to us among the ordinary functions of a State which respects the liberty of conscience, and declines, in its corporate capacity, to talke any side in theological opinion. VWhatever may be the duty of the State with regard to its poorest subjects, to whomthe meansof instruetion are inaccessible, unless gratuitous, we see no such call for it to take a part in the education of the clergy. The clerical profession should, we apprehend, be treated like any other profession, and, as experience has showvn that excellent lawyers, physicians, and engineers can be provided in any number at their own expense, so we believe that clergy- men will also generally be found. But, in order tha -enmay be willing to brimg up their childrento the Church, the Church must afford the- prospect of a decent and certain maintenance, and even somne prizes, to fire the ambition of the aspiring s8w dent. The zeal of MIr. Spoo-nn and his iatociates has withheld, aud still continues to witlE. hold, from the Church which impe-sonates -anud teaches the faith of the people of Ireland tfie power of holding out those inducements which would lead prudent parents possessed of the requisite funds to devote them to the education of their children in her ministry. who possessed of competence and int6lligence would desire for his child the life of a Roman CatholiEc priest in Ireland? Enthusiasm might induce a young man to choose such a life, ani asceticism to endure it when chosen; but what parent to whom any other choice was open would condemn a son to a life so poor, so precarious, and so miserable ? To satisfy the Protestant feeTing of this country we insist upon maintaining a Protestant establishment in Ireland, and becanse it represents our belief we invest it with the Church property of a nation whose belief it does not represent. The Church of England in Ireland has no need of a Maynooth to educate her priests. Her benefices, her dignities, and her bishoprics furnishi motive enough to induce careful and far-sighted parents to undertake, at their own cost and charge, the education of their sons to so lucrative and honourable a profession. Were these revenues bestowed on the Ohurch of Rome, in which the Irish people do believe, instead of the Church of England, which they regard with abhorrence, the Roman Catholics would not be required to fight year by year for this small pittance, doled out to them by Parliament vith so grudging and niggardly a hand. Any Roman Catholic gentleman would then be content to bring up a younger son to the service of theChurch of which he was a member, and the people of Ireland would have the benefit not only of a devoted but a highlyeducated priesthood, capable of taking and maintaining a position among the gentry of the country; This, however, we will not suffer to be, and therefore we leave the Roman Catholic clergy to be recruited from the ranks of the peasantry and small farmers, to whom it is impossible, from their limited resources, to provide their sons with the requisite amount of instruction. The clergy of an unendowed Church in a poor country must of necessity be drawn from the poorer classes. What 1!r/. SPOOa proposes is that, as we will not endow, neither should we educate. What persons who argue in this way wonld do with the millions of Roman Catholics in Ireland we really cannot imagine. We have abandoned, nominally at least, the doctrine and discipline of persecution, and fire and sword can no longer be called in to aid argument and persuasion. We proscribe the faith of our fellow-subjects, but we dare not proscribe our fellow-subjects themselves. They must go on believing as their fathers have balieved, and looking to a priesthood of their own conviction as the one only link that binds together earth and Heaven. We will not maintain that priesthood which they consider necessary to their wellbeing here and hereafter, but we have not been hitherto so unjust as to deprive the Roman Catholics of Ireland of the consolations of their religion altogether, and therefore we gratuitously educate those whom we destine to a life of poverty, privation, and a dependence on the bounty of the very poor and the very miserable. The experiment of Maynooth has probably been, upon the whole, as successful as the nature of the Roman Catholic religion and the melancholy lot of the Irish priesthood will allow any such experiment to be. It has not filled Ireland with profound scholars, but to what end should we seek to make profound scholars of men whom we doom to such a life as that of a Bomish priest in a country parish ? It has not sent forth a clergy with the feelings and associations of gentlemen, but a clergy with the feelings and associations of gentlemen would only feel more deeply the pinchings of poverty and more keenly the miseries of dependence. Maynooth, however, has stood between the people of Ireland andthat total spiritual destitution with which men who pretend to speak in the name of Christianity would have afRicted her, and it has provided her with a peasant priesthood able to sympathize vith the feelings of her people, and to give to a nation singularly susceptible of religious influences those ordinances and that teaching which, with whatever errors they may be alloyed, maintain among them that spiritual life which has so often comforted them in poverty, misery, and despair. For these things any one who considers what the Irish nation might have become if to all its other misfortunes had been added the entire want of religious sentiment will be grateful even to the College of Maynooth, and will know how to appreciate the majority in the House of Commons who last night, as far as such a majority could, decided that in future even the pale light of Mlaynooth should be extinguished, and that 6,000,000 of our countrymen, now happily reconciled to us, and becoming as peaceable, as loyal, and industrious as the people of Kent or Devon, should in future not only have to support their own Church establishment beside that of the Protestant minority, but be deprived of the small assistance which those of the dominant Church have hitherto given to them in their joint struggle against spirituial ignorance and moral degradation.
When British troops landed in Turkey two years since Generals and Staff, Commissaries and Doctors, found themselves in a new world. Some may have resided in a majority of England's 50 colonies, some may have remembered the campaigns of the Peninsula, and still have some remains of the sildl they had learnt nearly half a century before; but the greater number of our military chiefs and the heads of the various ministering departments were transferred from the regularity and faciEties of home service to a land the resources, the habits, and the language of which were utterly un]nown to them. In such a case the first thought of a bewildered commander was to seek the aid of those Europeans who had been for years established in the country. The Consuls of France and England were soon the resource of every Commissariat officer who wished for information about the price of oxen or barley; they were applied to by every colonel who wished to learn the best site for an encampment; they were the universal aulthority on all matters of individual accommodation in the towns where they resided. We know not what mnay have been the case with our alies, but wvithout consular assistance the British officer despatched on a mission could not obtain forage for his horses or get his linen washed, or find a place to live in, or food to eat, or a bed to lie on, or get a bill cashed, or put a letter in the post. What the military servants of the Cnow-V have experienced during the late war has been well Inown for years to those connected with the Levant. In the capital of that strange 'world the great European Poweers are represented by diplomatists of the highest rank. A large body of secretaries, attaches, and dragomans obeys the orders of each Ambassador. At the Court of the SuLTAN., therefore, the interests of civilization I might seem well represented. Redress for the wrongs suflfered by oceasional tourists, by Ionians or Maltese, or even by those Eastern Christians for' I whom it is the custoiu sometimes to interfere, cau
In the body poEtic, as in the physical constitution, there is nothing more dangerous than dealing with local symptoms, without reference to the general system. It is a practice which is so easy that it offers an irresistible temptation to quackery, and almost deludes the patient into a belief that he is cured of a disease when, in fact, he is only easecl of his pain. Everyday experience teaches us that few diseases are either restricted to the local limits of their morbid symptoms, or can be cured without a comprehensive treatment of the general health. The practice of tortuLre in our Incian possessions is a blot and a scandal upon us as the masters of an enormous empire. It is a blot which we are bound to expunge, and a scandal which we are bound to efface; but we cannot treat it as a simple disease. It is the symptom of a maladynot the malady itself; and great care will be required to apply -such remedies as will meet the general disease, of which it is but one, though the most shocking, evidence. It is of no use to narrow the question into a controversy whether the cruel and disgusting tortures cited by Lord ABEsmABLE are inflicted with or without the privity of English officials, or can be discontinued by their authority. Perhaps on this point it might be as well to admit-what we shall be told by many men conversant with India and Hlindoos-that neither taxes, nor debts, nor information, nor detection of crime, can be extorted from that race without severe corporal infliction. It is probably not far from true that in the existing state of things the Hindoo will bow his head in the dust before the European Sahib, will kiss his feet, will go through all the fawning pantomime of a spaniel, but yet will lie resolutely against the most convincing evidence, or remain mute in spite of the most authoritative commnands to speakl; and that the sole means of conquering his obduracy or compelling his testimony is that which is practised on him by his own fellows and his own race. This may not be far from the truth. It may result, in part, from a combination of various circumstances,from the hereditary servility of the Eindoo stock, from the habits of despotic insolence indulged in by that rough MIussulman caste which burst upon the plains of India from the mountains of the North. It may result, in part, from the readiness with which the official parasites of a dominant class seek to eain the gratitude of their employers by severity towaxdastheir own fellow-subjects. All these may each partly explain the causes of the painful disclosures which have been so recently made in the IIouse of Lords. But while they explain them, they also show that it sill not be sufficient to remove one symptom of the disease. Many remedies must be tried before that whieh is the most revolting indication of its existence can be extirpated. The fact is, the Indian empire is a momentous problem. It is not the extent of its area alone, nor its amoiunt of population, nor the heterogeneous elements which compose it, nor the diversity of its castes; it is not any one of these things which constitutes its onerousness. It is all these things put together. It is the combination of enormous physical effort with the recognition of a high moral standard in England. There is, on the one hand, the tangible, sensible, practical difficulty of subordinating to some 1,000 or 1,500 European laymen the civil administration of 110,000,000 of men, Hindloos and Mussulmans, each with habits and opinions antagonistic indeed to the other, but still more antagonistic to us; of doing this under conditions of climate which render out-door exertion almost an impossibility for the greater part of every day; of administering this authority with the slightest possible demonstration of military menace and the least frequent possible recourse to military succour. But this is not alL There was a day when the problem might have been worked out with tolerable ease to its exponents, if not to its subjects. There was a time when news and letters took six months in passing to and from Calcutta, instead of merely five weeks, as now-when much of that which happened there was not reported at home, and but little of that which was thought here was recorded or considered there. In those days the servants of the Cno'w- and the Company would not siffer themselves to be painfully embarrassed by too fastidious a scrulpulousness as to the means and instruments of their policy; and, whatever might be the extravagance or cruelty of subordinate officers, itwas almost always sure to escape observation at home. All this is now changed. India is nearer than a northern Scotch or a remote Irish county was in 1790. Englishmen feel a greater curiosity regarding it than they did about Ireland or Scotland 60 years ago. But this constitutes one difficulty of the English administrator in India. An Indian civilian may be presiding in the twofold office of judge and collector over a district equal in size to three large English counties; he is responsible for the preservation of the peace ; he is responsible for the collection of a certain revenue. He is toiling in his white jacket at his office from 9 in the morning till late in the afternoon, with the thermometer at 950; and it is with no slight exertion that he gets through the day's work by the day's siun, to begin the next day's labours without arrears. MIuch of routine is necessarily devolved upon his clerks of various degree, his peons, and that motley tribe of native parasites who flourish about the European depositories of power. Much, too, that is not routine of his officemuch that is not known to him, not reported to him, perhaps studiously concealed from himiis performed by hidden springs and unseen machinery, for the attainment of objects which are committed to his care. All of a sudden, the active and indefatigable servant finds himself and his office the pet topic of the House of Lords and the anathema of Great Britain. Alarmed and but half conscious of the atrocities which are catalogued in England as the proofs of Indian oficial iniqiuity, he sets about repressing a system which has for generations been inannealed into the E astern mind and grown up with the Eastern idea of administration. Endeavouring to mitigate the cruelty or correct the injustice of the system, he finds that he is ruining the fiscal reputation of his treasury and giving a loose rein to aU the defauilters and plunderers of his district. Before the horrible practice of torture can be eradicated, or while it is in process of eradication, other evils must be checked. The increase of torture hasbeen attributed to the exertions of the fiscal functionaries; these to the decreasing revenues of the provinces. In other words, in India, as elsewhere, the poverty of the people leads to evasion, and evasion, in turn, leads to oppression. The real remedy is the multiplication of the means of employment and development of the sources of wealth. Whatever tends to open out the resources of India, to exercise the industry of its inhabitants, to increase their productions, to bring them near great markets, to give them security in the enjoyment of their property, -whatever does these things-be it the construction of railways or canals, or the cultivation of cotton-wsill also contribute to increase the comforts and the wealth of the poorer Indian natives. The first step, therefore, must be to find ampler means of employment for the people. When this is done, the next important step will be to diminish the number of those venal native subordinates which in every province of India poison the stream of justice and pollute the atmosphere of authority. Nor, when we recollect the numbers of active, enterprising, and sufficiently educatedl Englishmen that we have at home, capable of undertaking duties which, though subordinate, are not unimportant, and the greater number whom the return of the Crimean troops will soon add to this list, ought we either to despair of seeing Oriental corruption and cruelty superseded by European integrity, or to grudge the cost of so necessary a supersession.
It is certainly not our duty to act as private adVisers to the Corporation of the city of Lo1qdon,W yet we can scarcely refrain from expressing surprise at the manner in which the Bill for the Reforrof the Colporation has been received in the city. Beyond the charmed limits of the civic boundaries the present Administration is charged only with truclding to civic influences, and with sanctioning a compromise raost adverse to the public interests. Loud as the exclamations are, however, against the Government bill without the walls on account of its over-lenity, within the walls the tempest of opposition rages with still greater fury. .Titra mluros blelatatr et extra-the public is bought and sold, and so is the City. The opinions of those who represent the public have been so long, so loudly, and so generally expressed, that it would be idle to refer to them, but if any of our readers will be at the pains of turning to a report which we publish this day they will find that the citizens are even more opposed to the measure than the Londoners. There was a meeting held yesterday afternoon in the Guildhall to take the measure into consideration, and first Mr. J. LIwrENcE stepped forth to denounce it as " one of the vilest character." Here was an attempt to establish centralization-here was a lifting up of the floodgates and a letting in of the waters-here was an extinction of local selfgovernment. Was it not dreadful and heartrending to reflect that the privileges of centuries were about to be swept away in such a ruthless manner? Where would it all end? The prescient eye of Blr. LA1WREPNCE foresaw the time when the whole property of the Corporation would be confiscated, and the citizens be mulcted in a county-rate of, let us say, 3s. in the pound. Dreadful indeed-most dreadful! Nor did the worthy speaker rely only upon abstract reasoning. He called the attention of his fellowcitizens to the attempted tyranny in the Local Shipping Dues Bill. Let the citizens of London reflect upon the vile attempt which has recently been made against the privileges of their brethren at Liverpool, and they may have a foretaste of their own impending fate. The end of all this was a resolution-a fierce resolution indeed. The House of Commons is to be informed, through the agency of Mr. MAsTrnsrAN, that the Commonhall is .in no humour for trifling. The Livery will not be ignored; its privileges shall not be destroyed ; its municipal existence shall not be extinmguished; the ancient rights, privileges, and properties of the Corporation shall not be subverted; in a word, the Government Bill shall not pass, or, if it does, the Corporation will know the reason why. So far all went well enough. There is nothing so easy as piping to those who are willing to dance, but when Wr. BENNYoci rose to address the assembly in another sense the Livery showed that it could hoot as well as cheer. While he enlarged upon the sins of the Corporation against the Livery there were hisses and great uproar; when he spoke of the extravagance in the administration of the City ftunds there wvere more hisses, and still greater uproar. "The population of the "city," saidthis gentleman, "is aboutl28,000,and "the revenueisabout400,000l., and yet 114,0001. "is spent in administering that sum. (Confusion and uproar.) In Liverpool the population is "3Z6,000, administering a fund of nearly "600,0001. a-year at a cost of only 6,0001. "(Groans and hisses.) In Manchester there is "a population of 320,000, administering a "revenue of 485,0001. at a cost of only 8,0001." At these words the turbulentassemblybellowed and roared afresh, like sinners under the pangs of awakening conscience. Mr. BNYNxoCH, however, proceeded darkly to shadow out an analogy between the aspect of the conclave then before him and of a meeting which had been lately held by a certain class in Whitechapel in defence of a peculiar institution. The assembly alluded to is, we fear, generally known as " the thieves' indig" nation meeting." Mr. BDmmocn's pleasantry was not favourably received by his hearers; and at this point of the report we take our leave of the Common-hall, and leave the orator to settle conclusions with the Liverymen. All persons who wish well to the cause of Corporation Reform will be on the side of 111r. LAiwRENCE, and against the Government bill. This certainly is the last compromise which will ever be offered to the City. If it be rejected through the influence of the civic maganates, we may look forward with confidence to a far bolder and more sweeping measure, which will give greater satisfactionx to the community at large than the present half-and-half propositions of the Government. We deny not for- a moment, that in the historic period of our annals the city of London did good service to the cause of liberty, and that the citizens of London in times long since gone past proved themselves worthy of their local opportunities. The great error in their present argument is that they deny London. London is not the trumpery city of three centuries back-grand enouguh, no doubt, in its day-but the capital of the world. These wise Liverymen, however, will have it that their parish, their MIansion-house, their Aldgate-pump, their Bow steeple are the be-all and end-all of London, with its 2,500,000 inhabitants. It is a mistake of which they must be convinced.
TE CO3AMSARuT DEPARnsrNT. -Copies of sundry Treasury minutes and correspondence between the Treasury, the WVar-office, and the Board of Audit, relative to the Commissariat Department, were published yesterday. The result appears from a Treasury minute dated the 22d of January last, by which the financial business of the commissariat wa re-transferred to the Treasury. A committee was appointed for the carrying out of sundry details. NORTH SH}IELDS AND Tmmovra Docx.-The promoters of this important undertaking have withdrawn their bill for the present session, in deference to the wishes of the Lords of the Admiralty. The Duke of Northumberland, the River Tyne Commissioners, and the bondholders of the Hayhole flock had organized a strong opposition against the Tynemouth Dock Bill before the Comnuttee of the House of Commons.-SdieUds Gazete. SmTR.GE RELICS AT LoCH SPrN -A short time ago, while some men were engaged in trenching a piece of land on the farm of Salterhill, parish of Drainie, occupied by Mr. Reid, they camne upon several large pieces of wood, which, on examination, turned out to have been portions of very large loos of black oak, part of which were hollow in the centre. The ground on which this discovery was made lies in the north margin of the loch, a little to the east of the Drainie-road, and almost due south from the dwellinghouse of Salter-hill. The discovery of one piece of woodsomewhat in the form of an oblong ehest, wvith a massive lid-led to a more minute investigation; and in the same locality no fewer than three of these huge chests were discovered, with a number of large blocks of oak between as bearers. The length of each of the three boxes or chests is about six feet, with a diameter of about three feet at one end, tapering to about two feet at the other. No nails or fastenings of any kind appear to have been used. The boxes are cut out of the solid oak, with massive planks as lids fitted into a groove on the upper side, and extending about five-sixths of the entire length; in the other sixth the hollow is scooped out of the solid tree, and the upper portion of the tree as well as the bottom and sides remain. etween each of the boxes there is a large block of solid oak-apparently for the purpose of keeping them in place; and it would seem that they are also set upon oak bearers. The wood, as a matter of course, is considerably decayed, but the original form of the boxes is not to any extent defaced. Although only three have yet been uncovered, from boring>s made with an iron rod, there appears to be others; and, so far as canbhe ascertained withoutfurher excavations, the whole are placed in a circle, withthe smaller ends to the centre, and with the ends in the inner p art of the circle much low;er than those at the outside. Half the circle, or nearly so, has already been uncovered, and by another week we hope to be able to furnish a correct report of theexactposition of the whole. Of the original use or purpose of these boxes various conjectures have been formed. We forbear in the meantime, giving any opinion on the matter, as it is likely that better data than we yet possess will be furnished when the ground is thoroughly excavated and the whole contents laid bare. In the meantime a large number of people are daily visiting the locality; and it deserves to be noticed that the intelligent tenant of Salter-hill, MIr. Reid, while personally taking a very deep interest in the matter, and willing to enter into any arrangements for nriddling this antiquarian mystery, most readily gives visitors the benefit of all the information he possesses. We believe the Literary and Scientific Association have applied to Sir Alexander Cunnirng, of Altyre, the proprietor of the ground, for liberty to make the necessary excavations; and wehave no doubt the requestwill be granted.-Elgin Couricr,
HER MAJt0STr'S LEVEE. The Qaeen held a levee yesterday afternoon in St. Jamegs Palace. Her Majesty and his Royal Highnem the Prince Consort arrived from Buckiangham Palace soon after 2 o'clock, e3corted by a detachment of the Life Guar, and were received at St. James's by the Great Offhiers of State. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge was present, attended by his Equerry in Waiting, and was received by the Vice-Chamberla&n. His Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar also attended the levee. The Duke of Norfolk had an audience of the Queen, and delivered to Her Majesty the ensigns of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, worn by his father the late Duke. Captain Morton Herbert had an audience, and received from the Queen his Silver Stick of Office as Exon of the Yeomen of the Guard. Captain Herbert was presented by Viscount Sydney, Captain of the Corps. * Her Majesty's Guard of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-atAnna was on duty in the State Saloons, under the command of the Lieutenant. Lieutenant-Colonels Neville and Cooke, the sub-officers, were on duty with the corps. * The Queen and Prince Albert entered the Throne-room attended by the Duchess of Sutherland, Mistress of the Robes; the Countess of Desart, Lady in Waiting; Earl Spencer, -MG., Lord Steward; the Mrarquis of Breadalbane, R.T., Lord Chamberlain; the Duke of Welington, Mastor of the Horse; the Marquis of Abercorn, KG., Groom of the Stole to his Royal Highness; the Earl of Mulgrave, Treasurer of the Household-; Lord Ernest Bruce, ViceChamberlain; Lord de Tabley, Lord in Waiting; Lord George Lennox, Lord in Waiting to his Royal Highness Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Keeper of Her MIajesty's Privy Purse; Major-General the Hon. Charles Grey, Private Secretary to his Royal Highness; the Hon. Mortimer Sackvlle West, Groom in Waiting; Mlajor-General Wylde, Groom in Waiting to his Royal Highness; LordAlfred Paget (Clerk Marshal), Equerry in Waiting; Colonel F. H- Seymour, Equerry in Waiting to his Royal Highness; and Messrs. George Gordon Macpherson and Charles Edmund Phipps, Pages of Honour in Waiting. Her Majesty's train was of pink satin, covered with English lace, and trimmed with bows of pin- and white satin. The petticoat was of white satin, cevered with English lace, and trimmed with bows of white satin. The Queen had on her head a diamond circlet. The foreign Ministers were introduced, when the following presentations to Her Majesty took place in the diplomatic circle:- By his Excellency the Turkish Ambassador-Sefer Pasha (General Koscielski), au service de Turquie. By the Bavarian Minister-Baron George de Cotta, Membre de l'Ordre Equestre du Royaume de Wirtemberg, By the Netherlands Minister-Le Baron Bose Chambellan, Capitaine, et Aide-de-Camp de S. A. le Dac de Nassau. By the United Statese Minister-Mr. John ML Bixby, Mr. Frederick -M. Kelly, and Mrr. S. M. St. George, a gentleman of Baltimore. The Diplomatic Circle was attended by M. Musurus, the Turkish Ambassador; Prince A. Voggorides, Councillor, and Essad Bey, First Secretary of the Embassy; M Van de Weyer, the Belgian MIinister ; Mr. H. Solvyns, Councillor; and M. Maurice Delfosse, First Secretary of Legation; Baron de Cetto, Bavarian Minister; Count de Rielmansegge, the Hanoverian Minister; Marquis d'Azeglio, Sardinian Minister, and Count De La Tour; Count de Lavradio, Portuguese Minister; and M. G. F. dos Santos, Attache; Baron Bentinek, the Netherlands MIinister; General d'Oxholm, Danish bMinister; and Count Reventlow Criinil, Secretary; Don Antonio Gonzalez, Spanish Minister; Mr. J. T. Comyn, First Secretary; and M. Ricardo Balez, Attache; Baron de Hochschild, Swedish and Norwegian Minister, and the Secretary of Legation; Le Commandeur de Carvalho Moreira, Brazilian Minister; Chevalier de Andrada, Attach6; Chevalier Cavaleanti d'Albuqurque, Attach6; and M. J. L. Stockmeyer, Attache; the Hon. George Miffin DaUas, United States' Minister; Count de Vitzthum, Saxon Minister; Mr. Alfred Rucker, Hanseatic Minister; M. Charles Baudin, French Charg6 dAffaires, and the Duke de Caderousse, Attach6, the Austrian Charrgd d'Affaires; and Count Chotek, Secretary to the Legation; M. R. U]isse Barbolani, Sicilian Charg6 d'Affaires; ML Charilaus Tricoupi, Greek Charg6 d'Affaires; Baron Damier, Haitien Charg6 d'Affaires; Count Brandenbourg, of the Prussian Legation; Viscount Palmerston, G.C.B., acting for the Earl of Clarendon, the Queen's Secretary of State for Foreign ffairs - and Major-General the Hlon. Sir Edward Cust, K.C.H., Her Majesty's Master of the Ceremnonies. The General Circle was attended by the Lord Privy Seal, the Marquis of Lansdowne; the President of the Board of Control, Lord Stanley, of Alderley; the Duke of Argyll; Lord Foley, the Captain of tho Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Arms; Viscount Sydney, Captain of Her Majesty's Yeoman of the, Guard; Field-Marshal Viscount Combermere, Gold St.ck in Waiting ; Sir Alexander Malet, Her Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary at Frankfort, Mr. Percy Doyle. Her Majesty's Minister in Mexico; the Lord Advocate, Colonel Francis Seymour, Scots Fusileer Guards, Groom of the Bedchamber to his Royal Highness Prince Albert; Lieutenant-Colonel Topham, the Lieutenant of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Ams ; Colonel Thomas Wood, GrenadierGuards, Field Officerin Waiting; Colonel Williams, 2d Life Guards, Silver Stick; Sir William Martins, Gentleman Usher to the Sword of State; Mr. Norman Macdonald, Controller of the Lord Chamberlain's Department; Sir William C. Ross, R.A.. MLiniature painter to the Queen; Captain Lord George Paulet, R.N., C.B., Aide-deCamp to Her lajesty; Colonel Lord Dynevor, Aidede-Camp to the Queen; Colonel Bloomfield, Royal Horse Arbtiiery, Aide-de-Camp to the Queen; Captain Mfacdonald, Exon in 'Vaiting; Mr. Joseph Skip LIoyd, the Clerk of the Check, and Adjutant of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Arms; Colonel Fitzmaurice, Adjutant of the Yeomen of the Guard; Colonel Brownrigg, C.B., Grenadier Guards, Captain of the Queen's Guard; Mr. J. B. Heath, Sardinian Consul General; Mr. A. C. lonides, Greek Consul General; Mr. Kreeft, Consul-General for his Royal Highness the Grand Duke of Meeklenburg Schwerin; Mr. FredericPeel Round, Gentleman Usher of the Green Rod; Colonel Master, Gentleman 'Usher Privy Chamber in Waiting; Major-General Diggle, K.H., Gentleman Usher to HerMajesty; lfr. Alfred Montgomery, Gentleman Usher to Her Majesty in Waiting; Mr. Wilbraham Taylor, Gentleman Usher in Waiting to the Queen; Colonel Sir T. NoelHarris, Groom of thePrivy Chamber in Waiting; Dr. Lyon Playfair, C.B., Gentleman Usher to his Royal Highness Prince Albert in Waiting; Captain J. F. Cost, Grenadier Guards, Adjutant in Brigade Waiting. The following presentations took place, the names having been previously left at the Lord Chamberlain's-office, and submitted for Her Majesty's approval:- Cap)tain H. D. Abbott, by Viscount Hlardinoge. Sir J. DalbergAceton, by E arl Gransille. Rev. w. Adams. by the Mtarquis o£ Salisbury. Captain Hlon. C. Addlugton, by General Arbuthuot. E nsign J. s. Algar, on appointment to 60th Rises, by Mr. sateson, hSr. F. Ames, by Mlajor-General Sir H. Bentinclk. Major Andrews, onpromotion and return from the Crimea. by Field- 1Arabl Viscount Hardinge. Mr. J. Coutts Antrobus, on his marria;e, by Lord De Tabley. Lioutenanit-ColeneI Aswth on apitent as Superintendaut of Royal Gunpowder Factories, by Lord Eanmure. Lieutenant Bagshaw, by the Right Hon. It. Vernon Smitb. Ir. E. M. BaitUe, on his marriage, bythe Earl of Elgin. CaptainML Baltye, by Sir C. Forbes, of Newe. MIr. Beaumout, on his marriage, by the Marquis of Clansicarde. Ensign J. H. Bedford, by the Chairman of the Hon. East India ! Rev. J. M BeUew, onreturnfrom India, by the Earl of Limerick. Cornet Bennet, on appointment to the Royal Horse Guards, by Colonel the Hon. C.W. ocrester. MajorBiddulph, on retun froia the Crimea, by Lord Panmure. Captain Blnev, by Earl Beaubamp. Lieutenant A. C. Boyle, by £ajor-General Sir G. A. WetheralL. Enin J. Bouzne, on appointment to the Queen's Royal Antrim Rifle Corps, bythe Mrquk of Donegall. Mlr. G. 3.Boaanquet, by Earl Cow.per. EMr. W. BoviUn, bin gapoitedoneof Her Majestys counsd, by !the Lord Chancellor. coMmajdorftohtgn, on promotion and return from the Crimea, in command of the siege train, by Field-Marshal Lord Hardinge. Lieutenant-General Sir T. Brotherton, on promotion in the Order of the Bath, by Field-Mfarshal Viscount Hardinze. Captain Broek, by Earl Beauchamp. Lieutenant W. Tod Browvn, by Mlr. Duff, ML.P. Lieutenant C. H. Brownlow, by Lord Saye and Scale. Mr. C. 1'. Brmne, by Viscount Duncan. Captain Bncl;ley, en promotion, by the Duke of Rutland. Rev. P. Butler, on return from the Crimea. by Field-Marshal Viscount Hiardinge. Rev. P. J. Butt, by the Earl of Muigrave. Assistant-Surgeon J. S. Bush, by the Chairman of the EastIndia Company. EarlbFof Ciaithness,on appointment as Lord-in-Waiting, by the Lord Chamberisin. ~ ~ ~ contPamestn Major Hon. S. Calthorpc, on promotion, by Lord Calthorpe. Mfajor H. Campbell. on promotion and return froma the Crimea, by Fiecld-M^arshal L,ord Hardinge. Bishop of Carlisle, on his appointment, by Viscount Faimerston. L ieutenant H. Bonham-Carter, on appointment to the Coldatrealn Guards, by Field-Maqrshal tho Earl of Stratford. Rear-Admiral the Hon. G. J. Cavendish, on promotion, by Sir C. Ensign Chalmers, on appointment to Rifle Brigade, by the AdjutantGeneral. Mir. D. W. Chapman, byLord Foley. hnsign W. Chambers by MLajor-General Sir G. A. WetheralL CaphainChamocl;, on return from the West Coast of Africa, by the ;n3i6n R. Chffey Ch y by Colonel Viscount BHinton. Myr. B. A. Christmas, by Colonel Fitzmaurice. Colonel Christie, en appointment as aide-dc-camp to the Queen, by General Viscount Gouch. Lieutenant-Colonel Chtie, on promotion, by Lieutenant-General Robbins. CaPain Chiehester on appointment to the Queen's Royal Antrim Bill Corp byMharq,si,of DonegalL ieutenant G. Clerk. on retm n from foreign service at the Cape of Good HIope. bySir G. B. Clerk. Rev. J. H. Cayton, by the Bishop of Winehester. iaeutenant T. t: Coode, R.N., by Sir C. Wood. Major Colclough, on return from ConstantinoPle, by Lord Pan mmie. Major ConoDy, on return from the Crimea, by Lieutenant-General Hon. Sir J. Scarlett. Captain Costobadie, by the Duke of Rutland. Captain Curtis, on return from theCrimea, by Major-General Sir G. Wetiherall, Dr. Dalton, by Colonel Wood. Ideutenant B. S. Datsiell on return from India and appointment to the DorsetMilltia, by olonelR Bincham. Deputy4-omlmary-GeneralDarling, on promotion and return from the Crim. by Lord ranmure. Captain Davi. by Colonel RI. Bingham. Com=ander G. Day. R.N., on promotion and returnfrom the Sea of Azoff, br i C. Wood. Captain Deede3, on appointment as Brigade-M3jor at Aldershottk by Major4General Sir G. A. WetheralL Mr. A. Dennistoun, by Major-General Buclley. Ensign 3f. Dettmar. by Colonel Viscount HintonRon. E de Moleyns by3e H. A. Herbert. M-P. [Leuternant-Colouel lion. D. do Mole%s by Mr. HL A. Herbert. Major P. Dickson, on motion and return from the Crimea, by Field-Marshal Lord Barig. Li eutenant-Colonel H.C. Dixon, on seturn from the Crimea with the siege train and on promotion to iieutenant-Colonel, by tieldMrhal Lord Hasrdin-e. fajor-General Sir k Doherty, on return from foreiga servire, by Viscount HIardinge. d Ir. Doinville,taff-Surgeon, ll.N, by Rear-Admiral Sir B. Dtn. Mr. H. Doncaster, on appointmert tothe Hon. Corps. of Gentlemenat-Armn; by Lord Foley. Vire-AdmiralDouglas, on promotion. by Sir C. Wood. Major Dowbiggin onpromotion, by Lord Panmure. Mr. G. S. Duff. H.P., on being appointed Lord-Lieutenant of the oounty of Elgin. by Viscount Palmerston. Major-General Dyme, by Major-General Sir G. A. WetheralL Rev. C. aEkersal1, byLordSouthampton. Captain (. Elliot. R.N., on aPPointment as Naval A-D.C. to Her B. Eli. 4by the ChaiWan of the East India Company. 0ieutenant1Colonel Ellison, on promotion and return from the Crimea, by VLcoumt EHardinge. Captain L Emmett, on appointment as Deputy-Lieutenant of the county of Buck by ordCa3ington. Mfr. Wiliam Enderby, on appointment to 11th Regiment, byVis- Mrr. L Eyneourt. by his father, the Bight Hon. C. T. D`'Eynoourt. CorknetH.aeett.g on atpuprointment to 3d Light Dragoona, by Lieu. MEr. Ffariugtou, by Admiral Sir G. Hamond. MIr. W. H. Fittock; by Lord Stanley of Alderley. CaptaiFt Gerald, .N.. late GoAernor of Wetern uslia, on return, by Mr.X Seeretary I.abouchere. LieutenantW. Fosbery, on return from the Crimea. by Colonel F. Or. P. Fortescue, on return from abroad, by his father, Mr. H. Ensign W. Franklin, by Colonel Eden. Captain J. D. Freeman, by Lieutenant-Colonel L. H Prior. Captain French, on promotion, by Field-Marshal Lord Hardinge. Mr. B. Frere, Commissioner in Scinde, onreturnfrom India, by the Chairman of the EastIndia Company. Dr. GaUagher, B.N., by SirJ. Liddeia Captain Giffard, RN., on being nominted a C.a, byrSirs. rWood. Captain 1GuDmm, on return from the Crimea, by thajorneral SarIn Ge. Wetreral Sergeon Gilborue, on promotion and return from the CrimeaO, by Field-sarshal Lord HRsdinge SurgeonGilborne, S9th Regiment. on promotion and return from the Crimea, bytho Director-General of the Army hedical Deprtment. Rev. 3. L. Gilborne, on return from the Crimea, by the Chaplasin. Generab. Assistant-Surgeon A. P. Glass, by the Chairman of the East rndia CompanyJ. Gollop. by Colonel thagham. Cptain Goldsmith, ByN., on appointment as a O.. amd as Superentendent to Chath3m Dockyard, by Admeiral Sir o. Lyons Lieutenant E. Gerton, by General Liord DoCnes. Cornet N. Gould, on appoistment 6th Dragoonas, b General Sir G. Earl of Granard, by Lord Byron. Major Grant, on promotion and return from the Crimea, by Field. Mrshal Lord Hardinge. Captain Greene, on promotion. by Field-marshal Viscount Headinge. Captin C. Dalkett, by the DJke of lontrose. CaptaindMorton Herbert, ERon o theYeomenof tho Geurdn by ViSCount Sydney. Str Ba HSlkeat, Bart. m by the Eaflof Elgi.L Lord Gland Hamilton on appointen toted Lieuatenbnt-Colonel of the PRnce of WHalesuDonegalMilitia bytheMarquisof Abercorn. Captain Hamilton, on return from the Crimea, by Lieutenant General Sir GP. WeIherall. Dr. M.HIfarilton. R.N., on promotionand return from the Crimea, by MLajor-General W yde Mr. H. Hamond, Her Majesty's Consul at Cherbourg, by the Right Hon.LIord Ernest Bruce, MY. Captain It. H. Hammond. by Earl Do In Warr. ieutenarnt-Colonel Hmley. on return from the raimer, byQiarboyal HElehuenthe fluke of Cambridge. Enalgn A.Hansasd, by Sir Howar Douglas. Mr. J,B. HarriisJn, JnD., by the Chairman of the East India Conm paniy. ILieutenant Hartley, by Colonelthe Hon. N. H. . Masey. Lieutenant-Colonel Haraess. by the InspectorGeneral ofrFortifScations. Lieutenant C. J. HarfordL by General Sir H. Cumming. Ensign Heatley. bythe therquisof oRonugal Liestenant C. Henshawo on promotion, by the Earl of Haprington. Knjor Hibbert, on promoton, and return from tho Cimea, by Lord ie Tabley. Captain I1 Hills, RtN., by Iear-AdruirlSir G. Rt.B. PechelL. Dr. W. C. Hood. by Sir James Clark Commander A. W. A. Hood, R.N.. on promotion and return from the Black Sea, by Bear-Admiral Sir 3. Luahinglon. EnsignJHoo.r. onaappointment to Rie eBrigade, by Major-General the Hon. C. Grey. Rev. W. G. HumnpheyL by Lord Overstone. Colonel GP. Hutchison, by IientenantSieneral Robbins. Lieutenant J. L. Loe, by Colonel Wood. enign W. H. Ivimy, by Colonel orattuie. MaJor 3. Jackson, by General H. Wyndham. Ensign sG. Jervis, by the Chairman of the East India Company. Captain R. P. Jones, on promotion, by Field-MarsalLord ardinge. Lieutenant Hope Johnstone, onretmurfrom foreign serrice, byFieldCartihal Lord Hardinge. Lieutenant Jobnstone, on appointment to the Grenadier Gnards by Colonel Wood. Ansistant-Surgeon J.Jones by the Chranman of the East India Cons. pany. Ensign C. Kerpeon, by tolonel the Earl of Lovelace. Captain 3. Kem ediy,a RN., on promoton and retun from the Sea of A-oif, byAdmiralSirH .mLyons. Captain H. Eent. onpromotion and return from the Crimea. by the Earl of Dartmouth. Lieutenant Colonel King. by the Duke of Rutloid. Captain W. A. Eing, on return from the Crimea and promotion, by Earl Be La Warr. Captain Knight, on return from foreign service at the Cope or Good Hope, by the Duke of NorfoBlk Lieutenant 3. 8. linox. on appointment to the Rifle Brigade and return from the Cimea, by Lieutenant-General Srno.ysa Mr. EutD. EortriCht.by ColonelPitzmauzice. 1ieutenant the Jon. . hascelleso R.N., by the Earl of Haretood. EnsignW. AD.3Legr, .byColonelpthe Earl ofo 1velaee. Paymaster H. E. Logge, by Colonel the Earl of hovelace. Ens gnA. Lewis. on appi,tment toothe 60t Regiment. by Lieutenant-Colonel W. Watkins, 1BLP. Captain Eir G. Lhith, Burh., on his marriage, by the Duke of Mot- The Hon. and Peryoev. the Dean of Lismore, wiyh ord Waterpark. Lieutenant-Colonel Long, by Colonel Wood. Lor-fLingan, hyLordSaye and Sele. Leutenant-olonel Mackenzie, on retrn from the Crimea, byFMajorGeneral SirIB. Airey. Lieutenant-colonel Madocks, on appointment to the 7th uanrasbyiri Rifles, by the Earl of Ellesmere. Captain It. -ane, RfN., on return from Arctic service, and promnotion, by Sir C. Wood.ue Captain M'Msahon, by G beneral Sir T. M'ahon.a Commlander H. C. MAajendie, B.N., on promotiOn, and appoitment to command Her Majesty's steamer A tacrity, by Sir C. Wood. MEr. H. Mtanning. byfDr. Di. hMaclaughlin. E nsign W. M313non, by the Chairmzan of the East hndia Compan Y. Eninsgn Manera, on appointment to the 41st Regiment, by Sir GP. WetheraLs b Ensign F. Markiham, on appointment to the Bifte Brigade, by Lieutenant-General Sir H. Smith. Lieutenant H. Marston, by Colonel the Earl of Iovelace. Captain W. F. Marriott, by the Chairman of the East India Con. pany. Captain M1arsh, R.N., on promotion, by Sir C. Wood. Captain uG. Oassy, on return from the Crimea. andon his mrriage, by Lieutenant-General Sir W. Roveanl. LieutenantColonel Hon. C Maude, by Viscount Havarden. Lieutenant B. J. M-uxeell, on promotion, by the Earl of ClanDarty. Captain A. Mrelleroe, by.. on promoUion, and tetorn from aervico in Cnas and Sainm, by Sir C. oood MapS r R. HI. Mles. on his returgfrom Hdia, by the Bight Hon. tHe President of the India Board Miajor Milman. on promotion. and return w4ith the siege train from '.he Crimea. by Field-MIarshal Viscount Hardinge. Ensign uealyneux, on appointment to the Queenb Royal Antrim Bide Corps, by the Ma3rquis of Donegal. Lieutenant-Colonel Mantresor, on promotion, by Field-Miarehal Lord Hsrdin'e. Lientenant 3foris, by the Dukre of Rutland Lieutenant the Hon. A. TorseVn, by M cajor-General Bucklen . Lieutenant Bero-3Murdoch, by General Sir T. HXawker. Lieutenant-Colonel MAT ro, on return from the Cimea, by the Earl of Ellenborough. Mr. i. C. Naylor by hord Dof BoI Ensign Nevison, by Colonel B:emeysTtte. 3LP. l Lieutennt E. D. Newbelt. by Colonel the Marquis of Salisbury. d Ensl J S. Newton, by C'olonel Wood.d. The Duke of NorflkU, by Admiral Sir E. Lyons. Ensign H. P. Gsven. by Colonel Viscount Hijton. Mr. W. Overend. on appointment as one of Her Majestfs Counsel, by the Lord ChanceULor. AssiStantSurgeon J. Coote-Ovena on return from the Crimea, by the Director-General Army Mnedicl Department. Lieutenant J. Parke, by Lord hyttelton. Staff-SrgeonParry, by the Director-Gheneral Army Medical Depart ment. Ltr. Joan Pasncelote, by Viscount Torrineton. Comet a ejeWel, 1st Light Dragoons, by Lord Panmmre. Cornet MtieKeua, lsthLight Dragoons, by Lord Paunuie. ieutenant George Godfrey Pearse, Mds Artilley, on retuwrn from Madnor, byViscounet Gun6h SirLawvrence Peel, on being swvorn of Her MIajesty's Mlost HOn. Privy Council, by the Lord President of the Ctouncil. Lieutenant L. Perdival, by MIajor-General Bonveric. Lieutenant Frederick Peto, Royal London MiL3itia, by Lieutenant IGeneral Knollys. L ieutenant George Ph3iis, Boyal Engineers, on returning fr.om the Crb'imea, by the lInspector-General of Foz-tidrations. Rev. Rbehet Powell Powell, Chaplain, It.M., on his reurtn from the BlaclrSes. by Sir C. Wood. Mfajor Priestley, on appointment to the Staff at Aldershott, by ILieutenant-General Knolys. Mrr. Ceorge.Rmden, of Hohme lead. by Viscount Tominglon, M 3ajor-General A. T. Reid. C.B., on promotion and return from serjvice in India, bytho Chairman of the East India Compa3ny. Ensign Alexander Benw;iclk, Royal London Mrilitia, by Colonel Wil son, Royal London Mtilitia. Lieutenant Ellis Philip Fox Beer-u on app>ointment to the Coldstream Guard, by the EBarl of Strafford. JT.J. Richardson, H.P. by the Earl of Muigrave. Captain 3. T. Rioberts. Poya Auglesey Light Infantry, by Lieutenant-Colonel PeersWziliams. Commander 3. S.RmmdDe, R N., on promotion, by Sir C. Wood. Mr. w. Bess, on his marrisae by the Earlol Miorton. Lord Saltomm,byhordHardmge.I Mtajor H. Sammderson, on promotion, by his father. Colonel Saslni. derson. Paymaster S. W. Sadler, R.N., by Sir C. Wood. Mir. C. B. 3. Sawiyer, on asppointment to Her Majeinty's Guard of Gentlemen at Arias, by Lord Foley. Mfr. F. Scully, 3f.P., on his morriago, by Vicount hismore. Mfajor Shaw., on promotion and return from th'e Crimea, byFieldMarshal Lord Hardmnge. Captain Shao, by ColonelLa Tonche. Lieutenant GP. K. Shawv, by Viscount Got Captain W. J. Sharp. onron ootion, by SCoOl.onl the Earl oE hovela. Captain C. Showrers, on return Irom Inda by Loxrd Saye andSele. - Mrajor Singleton, onrehtum fromn the Crimea, by Field-Mtarshal Lord iHardine. Captain R D. Bmith, on hTs return from the Crimea, and on Promotion, by General Sir Do Lsoy Evaa. Ensign J. O'G. Smith, on appointment, Queen's Royal Antrim rifle Corps, by the Marquis of Donegal Mlr. R. Smith, on his appointment as a Deputy-Lieutenant of Staffordshire. by MIr. C. Porster, .P. The Duke of Somerset. by the Miarquis of Lansdowne. The Hon. J. St. Clair, by the Marquis of Breadalbane. Major C. J. Strange, on promotion and return from the Cimnea, by Field--'shal Viscount Hardinge. ieuteuant J. B. Story, on appointment to the Rie Brigade, by Major-General Sir G. A. WetheraiL Lieutenant A. C. Steele, on return from the Crimea, by the DeputyAdjutant-General of Royal Marines. Colonel Sullivan, on his return from the Crimea, and on his appointnnent to C. B., by General Sir George A. Wetherall. Ensign J. D. Swiney. bythe Chairman of the East India Company. Ensign G. Swinton, by the Chairman of the East India ComPany. Captain J. Thompson, IN.. by Sir C. Wood. Lieutenant B. H. Thursby, on appointment to the Coldstream Guards, by the Earl of Strafford. E nsign E. Trimen, by General Sir G. Berkeley. Commander .. Trollope, on return from Arctic service, by Sir C. lor Truro, on suocedingto tlietitle, bytheE arl Granville. Lieutenant B. Tryon, on promotion, by Lieutenant-Genral Sir H. G. Smith. Captain Tale, by Earl Beaunhamn. Licutenant A. A. Vaughton, by the Duke of Rutland. r.Hon. W.Warren-Vern,n, on his marriage and on change oE name, by Field-Marshal Viscount Hardinge. Lieutenant-Geberal Vivian, on his return from the Crimea, by Lord Panmurc. Cornet VerLa. by Lord Panmure. Captain J. I Vade, on promotion and return from the Crimea, by Lieutenant-General 3J. Calvert. Captain E. Walker. by lieutenant-General Sir HL Smith. Sir S. Waller. oureturn from abroad, by Viscount FalmerstcSi ieutenant Waller, on return fromthe Crimea, byMajor-General Sir G. WetheralLt ieutenant-General Walton. on appointment to the command of the 5th Regim ent ofE Foot. by FPield-Marshal Viscount Hardinge . aptain Warden, B.N.. on being nominated a C.B., by dir C. Wood. Captain 3. Warry. by Cvlonel 31. Etagham. Kieutenant George Yaugh by Colonel the lBr of Lovelace. Colonel Wetseral, 0n return from the Crimea, and appointment as A.B.C. to the Queen, by Mlajor-General Sir GP. WetheralL Lord Wharneliffe, on succeeding to the title, by the Earl of HareDr. White, by the Chairman ottheBast India Company. Lieutenant 0. White, by the Marquiz of BristoL Lieutenant A. Witla, on appointment to the Queen's Royal Antrim Wide Corps, by the Marquis of Donegal. Mr. Justica 'Wiles. on being *pinted a Justice of the OMrAOa Pleoa, by the Lord Chaneolor. The ler. F. & WIliams, R., by Sir C. Wood. Ensigu L. V. Williams, on appointment to the Ride Bdgadn, br ViscoUmt ardinge Mr. sfliamrson, on appointment as Deputy-Lieutenant for th3 county of Durham, by the Earl of Mulgrave. IaeutenantJ. 'Wllliam3on, on return from the Crimea, by MajorGeneral J. Freeth. Conn. Wilson, Indian lNaTy, by the Chairman of the East Indis .gJ.ils°n, on return from the Crime, by Field-MarshaT iaeutenant R. Winsloe, by Colonel Viscount Hinton. EPim G. Wood, by Lod Carington. Assstant-Surgeon T. H. Woodward, by the Right Hon. the Preident of the India Board. CaritEaiWiny, on appointmnent to the Queen's IoyalAntrim Iifie Corps, by the Marquis of Donegalm ideutensant-Colonel John Yorke. on his retar rm Eothe Crime, and on being appointed a C.B., by General Sir A. Clifton. The followinIg Noblemen and GEentlemen were also presenit at the Levee:*- ARcHEm uoP.-Arm.-laL MAARQnISEs.-Cholmondeley and Stafford. E-S.-D=hrnm, Zetland. Rosebery. Lonsdale% Ellenborough, Hardwicke, Jersey. Morton, Limerick, Dartmouth, Sandwich, Dalkeith, HErewood, Bantry, and Euston. VIOus.-Maldon,Gage, Duncan, Maynwrd, Hawarden, Ingestre and Bernard. Brors.-W incheste.-, Ossory and Fens, and LincolnL Lolrns.-L,yndhurst.Dtemn. Otbo 17itz Gerald, Ward. Walsingham, Do Eos, Lyttelton. Sudeld, Waterpl4k Rivers, Heytesbury Crofton, Ossulston, Wenlocl;. Caringlon, Edward Fitralan Zoward. Saye and Sele. Temnplemore, Cavendish, and Brougliton. i Bron Hoyouau as.x-Sr Francis Baring and 'William Bere. HOSOUPr =.-EdwardW. DouglasC Charles ust. Ch rleg Lennox, Butler, Adoiphus iaddell, W. Ashley, Augustus Macdonald Moreton, GilbertHeathcote, Mb`., Leopold Agar Ellis, Egremont Lascellee Henry Blackwooc, 4rthur Wrottesley, Colonel Douglas Pennant, Ashley Ponsonby, M-P., and GeraldPonsonby. BARnonzsr.-JohnYarde Bller, James Matheson, .P., George Philips. Archibald CampbelL oLP., Pyers Mostyn. Francis Head, ChaeresForbes, ofNewe, Archlubald K. Macdonald, William Heathcote. M.P., Henry Stracey, hLP., "Edmund Antrobus, Walter Jamne, and Matthew White Ridley. SmS-Frederic Madden, KH. William Cubitt. Charles Fellowe4, EdwinPearson. Henry Robinson, Charles For, 'Wilian Macarthur. Wiliam I. Holme, and Raymonod Jarvis. QUEzxi's Conrssm -Isaac Butt, hLP., Ingham, aud Montagua Smith. ARCEnAkcosc.-lBouerie. Rzxvxr.aDs.-Canon Girdlestone. Professor 'illis, Henry MlIdred Birch.Thmas VIncent Fosbery. Montague Wynyard, Richard Harvey. James Pelham Pitcaim, and Robert W. Browne. Docross.-Acland, J. Egan, Well Arnott, Granville, Jeaffreson, anddacloughill. 3IF lusrEuPs.-Richard Sathaniel Philipp William Payne, Robert Philimore, M.P.. Coleman, HenryArthur Herbert. W. Jwalcon, Mh. Travers. Augustus Frederick Thistlewayte, Henry Forteseue, C. Wentworth Dilke, Mowbray, h.P., Reginald Cost, Grenville Murray. Cochrane, Robert Mboe, JamesJoGhstone, MLP., Samuel Clarke Jervoise. Gore Booth, Cator. Blake, W. D. Malton. Starlie. M.P., Bax, Harford, Lane, Fennor. Henry Bullock, Philip Renry Pepys, Wlliam Cavendish, Cavendish, Benjamin John Armstrong. Ftauley, Albert Hambrough, Warner, .LP., Hinde Palmer, Richards, James Hill, Tite, hLP.. Baing, 3LP., Iewis Aria. Somes, Bainbridge. Pakenham Mahon, Dl., Francis B. Morley, W. Chicheley Plowdeu, T. A. Stoughton, 3un., Watson Taylor, Robert N. Philips, Mark Philips. William Bathbone, Algernon West, Thorold, Ewington, H. WoDaston Blake, George Schonswar. ju., Seymom TeulonE Arthr Helps. DFguy. George litchel,. Gore Langeon. E. Mack<enzie, H. MIeynell Ingram., Dod, hLP., Edgar Drummnond, Gan, hLP., George Pouods. L.. Augstus Paget Wod house Currier Charles Forster, MLP.. Richard Edward brden. Rennet. ML., Henry Oust. John Henmy Gurney, aLn.. iocrle Wing.- Basil Wood, hLP., W,iliamJa,cli9on, MLP., Robert Knox, and tonaille FIDMar,snarL-Visount Hardinge. GES ,.-Sir Henry Ferguson Davie. Bart.. hP.?, Sir George Wetherall, KC.B., 0. Fox, James Jones. Sir George Polnoloe G.C.Bnt Porter, Sic Thomas )VMs.bon, Bart., K.C.B.. Sir John Doveton,. KC.B.. the Hon. Henry Murray, O,B., and SirtAlexander WoofDord. COLonor9.-Fitzmayer, C.B., Peers 'Williams, hLP.. Fitzsteplieu French, hf.P.. Hugh Fitzroy. Lonthiars S. Dickrson, tha Idon. Richard Eow;ley. Plunkett Burton, F. W. Hailton, the Hon. C. GraKnthauL Scott. Brafour, Lord Charles Fitzroy, Cavendish, the Hon. J, M'Donald, C.B., Sir CharlesHenyCoote, Ba.. hLP.. hLattbie, W. Thomson. G>eorge Feilding. Edward Batot. Lloyd Watlins, hLP., Newton, Park:er, Pipon. Towneley. and Barker, CB. Mazons.-Fellowes, Ormsby, Craven, Jervois, Ackers, Pitcairn. Graham, and J. W. Reynolds. CAyTAnz&-W. Thomas Hall, Way. Thomson, Rodd, Webb, Atherhey, the Hon. H. Annesley. B. Williams. Leopold Paget, Sayer. D.AA.. Grimaton. Alboert W.Murray, Edwards. ocke, De Burgh. J.Love, . Jones Parry, Barron (SurreyMiitia).nCane. Cavendish Fitzroy. Darron (;,d Dragoon Guards). Forbes, Greenwa3y. Vane, raton, Albert W. Murray, Collinon, H. C. arford, anud Richard Lam- Lrrruc&n'rc.-E' S. Smith. Tracy, Davies, Premantle, Caimnee, A. G.Bax, John Nrorth Crealock. AnDrm.AS.-Sir Charles Sullivan, Bart., Sir Stephen Luahington,. Sir Edmund Lyons, and Meynell. CyAAis (Royal Nay).-E. G(ardiner Fishbourne, Mine RweBard guin, Edward Stanley, Kirby, R.H., J. Beauchamp Seymour, and MH. Mason. CoDxKA,,pRas-E&ward Hardy and Gladstone. K .L, MP. ConssA-IAT.-AssistantCommi3sary-General Bartlett and Deputy-Assistant-CommlLseoy.General Brownrigg. The Queen and Prince Albert, attended by the ladies and gentlemen in waiting, returned to Bucldnggham 2alace with an escort of Life Guards after the Levee. Eis oyal Highness Prince Albert presided yesterday at a meeting of the Council of the Duchy of Cornwvall. Theret were also present the Eeeper of the Privy Seal, Viscount laIoncl;3L2., the Attorney-General, NMr. Alexander, the Treasurer, Colonel Phipps, the Duke of NTewcastle, and the Secretary, Mlr. T. R. Garaier.
HER MAJESTFS DBATVhVG-BOOMIS and LEVEES. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TrhiS. Sir,-Iast year, in compassion for tho fair and gentle, the aged and infirm, you were good enough to insert in your valuable journal a letter of rnine, and also one signed "Verbena," on the subject of Her Majests Drawing. Room. I can assure you, withont exaggeration, that those letters filled the hearts of many with hope. "A At last," said they, "something wilbe done at St. James's; and those who vait on Her Majesty will be treatedwith common decency." Alas! Sir, Iregret to inform you that all their hopes hava been disappointed; nothing has been done, excepting that two benches have been placed so as to break the crush in a slight degree at the entrance to the pen ; but the rush and. the crush were the same, and for two long hours wera fler Majesty's dutiful subjects kept upon their legs, irrespective of age or infinnity. Can you believe it, Sir, that ladies carry camp stools to Her Majesty's Drawing-Room? Yet is it a fact which admits of no deniaL I will risk the Lord Chamberlain's indignation by again suggesting a simple mtode of accommodating all who wait on Her Majesty. The pen-thathaven of rest to all DrawingRoom-tossed mariners-contains, we will say, about 50 persons. The room of vwhich it is a part should be divided into three portions, and only 50 allowed in each, The room next to that should be divided also into two portions, and 50 allowed in each, and so on with the next room. It follows if the whole of each 50 are allowed to pass on to the next division at one time there will be no crush, because all will be sure of passing in; whereas at present,; when only 50 out of 200 or 300 are allowed to pass at a time, there is a frightful crush to attain to the firAt 50. Nlow, if besides these divisions of room each room is supplied with ottomans and benches, &-c., aUni might be seated, and enjoy at ease the society and conversation of their numerous acquaintances umtil the time arrived of passing before Her Majesty. I remain, Sir, your very obedient servant, IL
THE PIRE ANNIHILATOP.S. -0 TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TI3IES. Sir,-Your notice to correspondents in this day's Timet contains the folloin 'The letter of hr Curtis in defence of his fire annihilators can only be pubEsbed as an advertisement." I beg a corner for the explanation that the fire annihilator is the invention of Mr. Phillips; and that I am only the secretary of the company formed for promoting the adoption of the invention by the public. T.am. Sir- vnnrmnct n1-Aimt epivnnt J. E. B. ClTRTIS Secretar. Ullice of the Fire Annihilator Company, 105, Leadenhall.street, London, April 15. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Injusticeto the public and myself, allow me to repeat my statement, published several months back, " That the machines issued at the office of the Fire Annihilator Company are distortions of my invention, proving to be totally useless for the object for which they are intended, and positively dangerous to use." As the cause of the explosion of the Fire Annihlator machine at Drary-lane Theatre has not been accounted for, pernit me to state that undue violence in the action of the machines arises from the charges being compounded in a most improper manner, whereby thay are render6d boti useless and dangerous. Your insertion of this letter in 17Ve Timns will oblige, Sir. vour verv obedient aertanf w. H. PHaLUfs. 16, Essex-street, Strand, April15.
WAunWfcxsBin REFoRmrAToRY.-At the Warwickshire qOarter sessions, just held, w hich was attended by a full bench of magistrates, among whom were Lord Leighb Lord Lifford, Hon. L. Butler, Sir T. G. Skipwort4h Bart., &c., the committee of management of the County of Warwick Reformatory presented a report, which set forth that the first stone of the building, according to a plan nrepared by Mr. Hill, architect, of Birmingham, was laid by Lady Leigh, and the building is now m course of erection. The Rev. C. J. Penny, of Bubbenhall, has accepted the office of chaplain and secretary, and a master and superintendent of the esablishment had been engaged, of whose character and qualifications high testimonials have been received. Mr. and Mrs. Shaddoch are the master and matron, who are engaged at a joint salary of 751. per annum. The comnmittee congratlate the county on their present pcosition. The sums already received as donations exceed 2,OOOL., and the annual subscriptions amount to between 300L. and 400L. The comm3ittee will reqn3ire about 4001. to complete the building and to pure ass the necessary furniture, as well as an increase of 1001. per annum to the subscription list. A discession followed the presentation of the report, originated by the Rev. Mr. Bellairs thowing out a suggestmon for the establishment of ragged schools. The principle of ragged schools was quite different to reformatories, andheregrettedthatGovernment should withhold its assistance from the former, which were establishedfor the prevention of crime, whiletheygave their support to a pnnciple for the reformationofcriniinals. Lord Lei;h said be could not see any difficulty in supportingboth institttions. Mr. King addressed the Court with the view of removing an impression that boys were necassarily contaminated by beilg sent to a gaol. Iu their gaols na boy had communication with an adult prisoner, excei. in. the presence of an offcer. The report was received.
MOIJUMELTAL SOULPTURBE BY THE BARON AIABOCLETTI. We have now earned a right to hang our tattered Bag t3neaceful halls, to raise the trophies of Victory, and to build the monumients of war. It is not too much to predict that the monument designed by Baron Marochetti for the heights of Scutari wiU always occuipy a foremost place in the memorials of the war just ended. In substance gray granite, in form an obelisk, rising to the height of 100 feet, and surmounted by a Latin cross-strange emblem inthatlandof the crescent!-it willbeanerection worthy of the event which it commemorates, and.of the enduringmaterial out of which it is to bewrought. As seen from a distance, the effect mill be very severe-perhaps more severe than grand-vwith its rigidity of outline and its cold gray colour. Nearer the efect will be very solemn and appropriate to the scene. First of all, the base of the monument, or at least a considerable portion of it, is of unpolished granite whereas the obelisk above is polished. lence Jat once, in the mere sensuous effect, a deeper, calmer, softer tone, which is entirely in unison with the expression of four angels that stand at the four corners of the pedestal, and give their character to the monument. Although there are four figures,they are all the same in form, attitude, and expression, the artist making a bold use of monotony to intensifytheifeeling. They are not caryatides, al-. tiough standing very much in the position of caryatides, with their headbending unoderthe cornice and their wigs folded into a beauitiful ellipse, rising above the head and swveeping dow-n to Cr'OSS below their feet. They are angelis of victory, colossal in size, armns falling dowfn and crossed, a crowvn in one band, a palm branch in the other; anad nothing can be more perfect than the repose of the whole llgure-nothing can more aptly express the feeling of the place than the expression of the countenance. Exultation would not befit a locality associated with many sad feelings, and sorrowr would ill befit a place that recallsmanyglorious recollections. accordingly the angel of victory at, Scutari is too proud to be sad and too great to be. proud. The sorrow of the countenance is toned down to solemn thought, which is chiefly mark-ed in the eye; the exultation is toned down to superb content, which is chiefly marked in the mouth; and with heads slightly drooping, and masses of hair spread out to overshadow the bust, the four colossal angels are to stand thus for ever at the four corners of the plinth, each with folded wings, and each looking down with the self-same expression of divine content. The whole effect is very solemn and suggestive, and he must be indeed a callous man who can gaze on it unmoved. While we are still thinking of the late war the monuments oI the previous one are not yet completed* and in the studio of the same artist we turn to the model of one intended for the Duke of Wellington. The great Duke has been three years inhis grave, and it has not yet transpired that the Government has fixed upon any design for his tomb. In darkness as to the intention of those with whom the final decision rests, and without disparaging claims of which we are ignorant, it will be rendering good service to the public if we invite their attention to the model executed by the Baron Marochetti. Here the first thing which attracts notice is a point of detail-the singular felicity with which the Daron uses wings. Few things can be made so effective, and in sculpture, especially, they are of inunense service, were it only in divertig attention from one of the 'weak points of modern statuary-the management of drapery. The Greeks had seldom occasion to employ drapery, but when they did require it they used it with consunimate art. In ninecases out of ten the moderns require it, and it is almost always bungled. This remark, however, does not apply to the angel in the Duke's monument, which, as far as one can judge fom a small model, is admirably draped. The a=gel, as in the monument for Scutari, is1 Victory, but there the wvigs are in perfect repose; here they are outspread, restlessly fluttering, ready to fly away; while the angel sits on the steps, and turns-the head resting on the right arm, and that again on the right knee-to take a last look of the shut door of the sepulchre, half in sorrow for the departed hero, half in doubt as to whom his sword, which she grasps in her left hand, shall next be given. This figure is everything in the monument-all else is accessory; and wrought out, colossal, in alabaster and marble against the great bronze door of the tomb, so bringing out those rich effects of colour which no one knows better than Baron Marochetti how to arrange. If 'we have spoken of the other parts of the monument as accessory, it is not because they are unimportant. On the contrary, they comprise a statue of the Duke fully the size of the Baron's Cceur de Lion, and this is placed above the bronze door, some 50 feet high. It is hardly fair to criticize the drapery of a small model,-the effect is naturally sketehy, and the artist, in making experimaents, will probably show more folds than ultimately he intends to execute. We therefore do not insist on the fact that the mantle which covers the Duke is rather artificially arranged, and may be simplified with advantage. Otherwise thewhole fig,ure is admirable, and from topto bottom -the angel on the steps, the great bronze door, and the equestrian statue above-the design is finely conceived. It requires, however, to be finished, to be framed, as it were, and the frame will be understood when we state that the monument is intended to be placed between two of those flat Corinthian snafts that, let into the walls, are so important in the decoration of the cathedral. Immediately in front of these shafts are two plain Ionic pillars-plain in order to contrast with the volutes of the much larger pillar behind; and on the entablature, or what looks like the entablature of each Ionic pillar, is an old man, absorbed and venerable, with legs and drapery overhanging the frieze, and back resting on the Corinthian shaft directly below the capital. These old men, perhaps, have not such meaning now; as they w.-ill have half a century hence,-the one holding the Field-Plarsha's baton and sword, and gazing on his military honours, the other holding his coronet and robes. Altogether the effect is one which Will not speedily be forgotten. In connexion with these memories of wvar we may refer to the large figure of Peace which Baron Blarochetti is preparing for the CrystalPalace, and in which he is making a rather bold experiment. The bust and arms of this statue are to be gilded; the rest of the body regarded as a lay figure, and clothed with velvet and silver. It is, perhaps, inpossible to predict what will be the result of such a novelty, connected, as it is, in our minds with some of the vulgar associations of waxwork; all that can be said is that no one is better entitled than Baron BMarochetti to make experiments of this kind, and that nowhere is the experiment more likely tobe successful thaninthe-lrystal Palace. We turn with greater interest to anmarble bust of the Princess of Coorg, in which the Baron has carried to a point much further than has yet been attempted the use of colour in sculpture. oot content to touch a few ornaments with colour, the artst has boldly painted the face, the hair, the dress to the life, using watercolour, of colrse, so that through this transparent medium the rich effect of the marble may not be lost. AIthough in several details the work is open to exception-so open, indeed, that the artist is himself preparing to make the necessary changes-yet, as a first attempt, it must be pro- nounced eminently successful, and hereafter it will have a strange historical interest in the Royal collection. Perhaps a part of its success is owing to the dark complexion of the Princess; but complexion has nothing to do with the eye, and we can conceive nothing finer than the eye as repreented in this bust. Think wshat the eye is generally in sculpture; here it is perfectly transarent, and the spectator even fancies that he can trace on it the shadow- of the eyelash quivering. It is probable that the artist will not stop at this point, but make stil further advances in the same direction; and it need scarcely be added that all wfho are interested in art wfill be anxious to know how he succeeds. .~ ~ ~ ~~n
ROYALCOLLEGFC OF SUTRGONS.-Tllo following gentlemen, having undergone the necessary examinations for the diploma, were admitted members of the Colege at the meeting of the Court of Examiners on the 14th inst.:Ness= George Spencer, Breclmock-terrace, Camden-town; WjlUam Gribble, Ashburton, Devon ; Edmund Grin&rod, Liverpool; Frank Chance, Trinity College, Cambridge; Thomas Trollope, Pembroke Colleze Cambridge; John Henry Tuke, Stratton, Cornwall *3olin Archer Dawson, Newcastle-or-Tyne; Shirley Edmonds Woolmer, Warwick. so'iare, Pimlico; Robert Debenham, Norton, Suffolk; Midgley cockeroft, Hebden-brid near Halifax; Joshua Bower, Wilmslowr, Cheshire; iorace Rainbird, Derebam, Norfolk; and Walter Shaw Black, Chesterfield, Derbyshire. CEySM, PALAE-ONE SHL1G DAY, Tuesday, April 15.-Admissions on payment, 1,681; ditto, by seaon tickets, a23; totalvsitors, 2,004.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMEg. rAdvertisement.1 Sir,-There having appeared in your valuable journal. as well as in variona other papers, an imperfect account of the proceedings at the Quarterly Court of Proprietors of East India Stock on the 19th Iilt. may I be permitted to lay a siniple statement of facts before the public throng lth medium Of your columns? I allude to *.he particulars of a claim brought before that Court5 having reference to the military services of the late Sir John M'Caskill and having for its object the obtaining certain allowvances withheld On the 23d of Februar 1812. Major-General umask appointed by the Governor-General of India in Council and the Comamander-in-Chief to a divisional command in the army about to enter Affghanistan. consisting of 13 regiments, or the whole of the infantry with that army, and directedtonominate his a}de-de-cap. Uptothe month of June, lSi2, inclusive. he received the pay and alIowances of thecommand whicb he held, in accordance with the Govemmeant regulations, when, by order of a succeeding Governor-General, and in opposition to the express remonstrance of the Commander-in-Chief. the supreme authority upon aU military questions, he w. as reduced and retrenched to the allowances of a brigadier (four of whom served under him), upon the plea that it was inexpedient that General M'Caskii and General Bllock should receive the same allowances. Against the injustice of this measure, which arose in consequence of a reference made at the suggestion of General Pollock to an unmilit-ry GovemorGeneral, General 3I'CaskiU appealed to the Court of Directors again and again for redress, supported by the two appointing authorities, the Governor-General and the Comrmander-in- ief, both strongly urging the justice of the claim, General ntCaskili being the only oflicr on record appointed in Government orders to a divisional command, and reducedx to the pay and allowances of a brigadier. That the pay and allowances claimed by the representatives of the late Sir John rCaskili are in accordance with rule and precedence is proved bY the fart that they were paid, as under, from the date of his appointment up to themonth of June. 1842, inclusivo: Staff salarY as blajor-General commanding dilvision .. .. .. .. .. ,s 3,333 5 4 F'ield allovance for camp equipage, he. 600 0 0 Queen's pay, S;c. ., .. .. .. ., 210 12 9 Rts. 4144 2 1 vehenthepaymaster'sletter appears, retrenchinghim somethousand rupees in consequence of the order reducing him to the allowances of a brigadier. Every appeal to the Court of Directors has been rejected, and ever on shifting grounds. Firsnt, they consider General M'CaskiU was ve:y wellpaid and, in accordance with therules of thebr service (though such rules were ignored by one of their own chairmen. by several of their own body, and by tho wholoof theIndianGovernment). Agai, theyassertthat General M'Caskil was informed on his appointment that he was to draw only the allowancem of brigade conwnand; that ho never recei'ed any other allowances, nor was it tho intention of the appointing authoritresthathe sbould do so. Further, they see no grouns for altering their decision, and when an officer is cited by the appointing-Governor and the Commander-in-Chief (of equal ranl-, and holding a smaUer division), as having received the divisional alUowances (in common with several others) the Court assert that that officer was paidcbymistal-e ! It must strike,your readers I somewhat remarkable that the Auditor-General, knowrn to be on oath to pay every command in accordance vwith the rules of Govermnent, should liave committed a series of such awkward mistakes. - The Court now affirm that the whole military establishment in India is divided into circles cach of which has a divisional commander who is alone entitled to t6e above allowances. Now, auth rule was certaily not in existence in the year 3842, or General Pollock must also havehbeen paidbynmistake since heas well as General Clasidil was token from a ringade command. It will be rememnbered that General N'Caskill during this campaign exercised a separate command and gained an important victory, pro nouncedby the Duke of Wellington the best fought action of that camnpaign: received the thanks of both Houses of Parliament, and tho honourof knighthood: while he sou'ht in vain from the Court of Directors.oftheEas.IndiaCoinpanythe allowances of the command which he held. On the other hand, General PuocUk was rewarded by a weat in Council (Z10,000 a-year), and awarded a handsome pension, proving thatthe Court of Directors can exercise a wholesome liberality to their own servants when they,please. lam. Sir. vours obedi.entlI. - PUBLICUS.
ST. GEORGE'S, H:ANovEI-sQuAnmE.-At a meeting of tbe vestry, held yesterday, April 15, the Rev. H. Howarth in the chair, the election of two medical officers of health for the above district took place. The canvass having been a protracted one, and ten candidates being in the field besides numnerous prenous applications, considerable interest was excibed on the occasion, which brought a large attendance of noblemen and gentlemnen. The following was the result of the poll :-Dr. :Aldis, 50, D)r. Drevdtt, 47; the two successful candidates were called before the vestry and briefly returned thanks for the honour, after the chairman had communicated the result to them. [Adverisiement.J-" Eastern Ho30itals and lEnglish lrueaa: the Narrative of Twelve ronrths' =sperence in tho )ogpitala of Konlali and Scutar," by a Lads Volunteer, in ° vols., just publised, "A lady, one of the many ingshwomeot who so noblr velunteered to asist in alleviating the sufferings of our sick and voundedsoldiershas, on her return from her benevolent missiod, submitted to the ceiticsmof her countrymen amost itrestineriarr tive of thelife of the nurses and of the nerplexities which so often beset them, and she has aried the v.hole by a pleasing description ot many amusing incidents, We never remember barins read a book. Fith more deiight, for while we w,armly sympathd fwith our fair narrator in the many hardshps which she andl her companionsbut tooF frequently endured e bredher for her noble heartl and inwardly prayed that one day she may hearthe w ords. * Inasmuch as ye did it nto the least ofthese, yedid ituntome.' We would wish everydoeto reed this reall4 intereatiag wrk."-" United Service Gazette."
THE CORPO"7IOZfJREFoAMK-BrLZ. Yesedy a -comieu-hill ias-hild foi the purpose of eonsidering the pronisions. .ofthe <till recgy-s gntroduc 'mto thes House of -Cormnon~s ;- )ythei'Goerument for- the betrregtulation of the oCorporah,on o'f Lonidon. Th, xll Mr. J. LunCsyc said, 'lie should not have coine for- ward on the present occasior4 when a subject of such' iii-' portauce as tne Government-measure for -the better regula- tion of tfie corporation had- to be considered, had *he.not' been requested-heanigit say'mn6st earnetlvtEieKto so by the committee of liveymen wrho-had-'oeen aclin iii behilf of their body. Wbei thepeajure wras :Etro. duced into the Eouse of Commons bv Sir G(. Gr6y, one would not have supposed, fromx the language-employed by the right hon. baronet and fromt e' etiogy w-hich -he passed upon those' who had hitherto had. tfe managnieunt of the corporatlor'. that the speech was to-be followed by the introduction- of a bill -which abrogated privileges and rights which had beon possessed for centuries. (Cheers.) 9en he first xead Sir G. 'Grey's 'spch' i appeared to him (Ur. Laurence) that the day on wehich the measure was brought f rvardw s namned April-foolday, and he trusted that the bill would prove an Aprilfools bill (Cheers and laughter.) -'Sir' G. -Grey told'the House of Commons, in express ters,. that the funds of the city had been administered 'in' a- proper mannter, and he told them, also, that- the persons who had hithert& had the management of those funds had manifested zeal, energy, industry,, and fidelity; (Hears hear.) Therefore it was that their rights were -to be taken away from them and abolished. -Was it because the livery had for so many years been foreniost- ini all- that concerned the liberties of the people of the 'couihtry; was it - because- they had ever been true to the cause of freedom when so many of itS advocates had shrunk back dismayed by I the obstacles which stood in their way. that they wetu to be swept' away tsioiaething of little or no'iniportanbe ? (Hear,'hear.) The bill had been called a moderate measure. - That moderation was the moderation of the border plunderer,- who took away as much as he could in one foray, leaving the remainder for a future incursion ; it was the moderation of the pickpocket, who stole- a man's purse and then thought him well off that he left him his at and coat, it was the moderation of thehousebreaker, who, after'taki'g away plate and money, thought the owner of it had no reason to complain so long as his life was spared. -(Cheers.) -When Sir George Grey stated, at the conclusion of his speecht that in his opinion the measure would tend' to make the corporation more powerful -and- influential, he must have had a verypoor opinion of the metabl powezs of -those whom he addrcsied. If' the taking away of powver and the deprivation of privilege wrere a means of extending influence, then the opinions generally entertained upon that subject were very wide of the mark. (Hea, hear.) Either Sir George Grey uttered that which le knew to be a deliberate ffalsehood, or he was deficient in common understanding. He (Mr. Laurence) left the Home Secretary to choose which horn of the dilemma he would select; but, whichever he did select, he would remain exposed to thbzereroach or the pity of those who deplored tho position in which such a man had placed himself bythe introduction of the bill into Parliament. The bill by its preample professed to abolish such customs and privileges as injuriously afibeted trade. Was that its purpose, or w,as that the intention of those who introduced it ? (Cries of "No, no.") Could they not perceie that there was a false hood placed, asitwere, inthe veryfrontoftbebill? Could they not perceive that under the pretence of doing that (in' doing which the Government would have the support of the mass of the citizens and the corporation gene rally), they were only seeking to blind and deceive (Hear, hear.) The measure was part of a great system of centralization which threatened to destroy the liberties of the people of this country, to deprive them of the power and the right of managing their ow;n affairs, and to absorb in the central powier that whfich had, hitherto remained in the local institutions of the country. (Cheers.) hIr. Lsaurence then ~proceeded to allude to portions of the bill w;hich he conceived w;ould interfere with the rights and privileges of the corporation and of the livery, and con!cluded by proposing the following resolution:- " That the biU lately introduced into the House of Commons purporting to be for the better regulation of the Corporation of the city of London, although professing to abolish such customs and privileges as injuriously affect trade, igores the wshole body of the livery, is destructive of Mits prileges, extinguishes its municipal existence, and is otherwsise subversive of the ancient rights, properties, and liberties of the corporation, and that this common ball detenhines to give the most earnest opposition to the passing of such bilL." (Cheers.) hlr. FnsuDxs seconded the resolution. -Mr. Bsxc-ocnv (whose presence ~w3s by no means welcomned) said that, as a citizen and a liverymnan, he felt that -he might venture to say a fewr words UpOn the subject of the meeting. The history of the Co~raotion of London wvas the history of civilization and of liberty all over the world. 'In-times of peril it had stood forward protecting the Crown; and it had also stood forward against the Crown to protect the people. (Hear, hear.) It was well known that anient things would sometimes become corroded and fall into partial"decay. It was, therefore, the duty of the meeting calmly to look at the position of the -Corporation of London at the present time, and to ascertain for themselves as liverymen whether the proposed measure was likely to be destructive of the privileges of the citizens of London andof civil liberty, or whether it was not a bil for the purpose of amending things which were becoming obsolete, and of remedying certain defects so as to place the Corporation of London in better harmony with other municipalities throughout the kingdom. (Cries of "No, no," and much confusion.) he Lord yor here stepped forward and begged of the Livery to give hr. Bennoch a fair hearing, upon which that gentleman continued:] The bill did not destroy a single privilege enjoyed by the Livery, and actually extended privileges to other of their ,feUow citizens. For the last 20 years the corporation had tried to reform itself, but it had never succeeded in doingso. 'The resolution declared that the bill would extinguish the municipal existence of the city of London. Ho (Mr. Bennoch) denied this, as the bill in express terms declared that it would change and reduce, but it did not destroy in any one parti.cular. (" Oh ! oh!"X and great confusion.) The bill reduced the number of the comnon council from 206 to 80, and the aldermen from 26 to 16; and when he found gentlemen who had for 20 years brought the subject before the common council periodically, for the purpose of car-yig certain reformations-when he found that in every wardmnote in London, for nearly 20 years, the refonnation of the corporation had been a great question-when he remembered that the corporation itself, not very long ago, tabooed:the livery, and brought in a measure of reformation more destructive to that body than the bill was-he could not understand how the corporation could, with common decency or common modesty or honesty, ask the livery to: come forward and support them in their opposition to the Government measure. He, therefore, now asked the livery to support the Government in cartying a measure, which, if destructive to the corporation, was salvation to themselves. The city of London had a population of 128,000. How much money did they suppose was expended in the administration of the affairs of the corporation itself ? It cost the taxpayers, through the corporation, 114,0001. in the mere admiListrtion. The revenue of London was rather under 400,0001., and it cost those who lived in London, and -aid taxes, 114,0001. to administer that sum of money. (Cries of "'Shame, shame.") In Liverpool, with a population of 376,000D, a fund was annually administered of close upon 600,0001., the cost of the administration being under 30,0001. In M1anchester, which had a population of 320,000, a revenue was expended of 485,0001., the cost of the administration being 8,7501. He wanted to know whether some portion of the 114,0001. expended by the corporation might not as well be - saved, and asked whether it was their desire to get rid of sol large a sum as that for doing what could be better done for 20,0001. His only objection to the proposed measure was that it was too moderate; it did not go quite far enough. The measure, in order to have been complete, ought to have gone a little further and indicated the manner in which the large funds of the corporation ought to be administered I and disposed of. (Loud cries of "No, no.") The expenditure of nearly 1.20,00ul. for the administration of their affair, in a population of only 128,000, was the most gigantic piece of extrvagance that the world had ever witnessed; | and the bill now before Parliament, if passed into law, would at once and for ever destroy the unseemly, indecent, and extravagant system at present in existence. Mr. Bennoch concluded by proposing the following amendment:- " That the bill lately introduced into the House of Commons for the better regulation of the Corporation of the, City of London is wise and moderate, ana this comnmon hall determines to give its most earnest support to secure the passing of such bill." Mr. B,,ATEMNw seconded the amendment. Alderman SIDNar said, he was at a total loss to conceive how his friend Mr. Bennoch could stand up in such an assembly as that and say that the proposed measure was a wise and moderate one. He had always understood both the mover and seconder to be what were termed advocates; of lberty. (Hear, hear.). He had always understood Mv. Bennoch to be far advanced in what was called the liberal school of polities, and he found to his astonishment that that liberal leader of -a liberal age sought to commit an outrage upon popular rights bytransferring fromathat assembly 4eese riaswOcrteyhdpssse orcnuie oa xnos rlntsntc thy hd pssesehforcetreta oligarchical body,composed of96. (Cheers.) Seventy clauses of the bill were matters of detail, and might be passed by; hut the remaining -16 made it a most hateful measure-a measure which he would undertake to say no man whlo understood the liberty of his common land would think for one moment of reogmnzng or agreeing with. (Cheers.) Having had the great honour of being elected chief magistrate of- the city, he minght be supposedto be a party interested in the measure, bht he begged distinctly to state that he stood there as a citizen of London. The bill however, affected to deal not with the loss of his individual office, but it abrogated the rights of the livery. Sir George Grey, as well as the commissioners who had twice reviewed the affairs of the, corporation of London, had stated that justice was fairly administered in the city of London, and he (Alderman Sidrey)believedthat the citizens of London were ynanimously agreed that their affairs had been as vwisely and jtdiciously managed as in any other part of Her Majesty' dominions. (Cheers.) The bill proposed to transeer the jurisdiction of the -river to a central board named by the Government, cornposed of five individuals, four of whom were ,unterly unable to attend to the duties which they were intended to perform. London had yrospered to an ineon- ,venient- degree while the corporathon had had confided to themn the conservancy of the Thames; and there was;, there-. -fore, no reason why that duty should be taken from them 'and placed in the hands of the Government. (Hear, hear.) ;Although Mr. Bennoch had stated that the management of the corporation cost 114,0001., he had withheld the fact that of that stum 60,0001. per annum was raised by another body ^is the shape o'f county rates upon the inhabitants. He (Alderman Sidney) said, he should most fervently support the original moton, and trusted that it would receive the almost unanimous approval of the meeting. (Loud ' 3ifr. g>}; spoke in favour of the original motion. 8 The LonD MAYOn then put the amendment, which was ;negatived; only three hands being held up in favour of it. s The original motion was then carried amid loud cheer- BALL, MP., raid, he should not have ventured to *7izitrudeip&nthe attentionof the-mieting, but whexithe *piopoed illwasbrugh -ito theHoue of Co mmons lie thQught its clauses 16 objectieqable, and th'at its effects would be so swseepinghat' 'instead of -hbein" a measure of ror, iet w an1.ufof 4etstrneftjo,° - ( "ear,ear,nd boneficsal tohis fellowr.citiens, it would be found leSding ito nian in rease of those to -the growth of freedom and to an encouragement of that system of centralization which destroyed, impaired, and rootedi ot all those principles which were held dear by Englishinen. '(Loud cheerm) The hon. member, proposed the. following resolution:--, "That, by sweeping away thc long-established rights of the- livery, and transferring the functions of that very numerous body of 15,000 and upwards to the small number of 96 ersons,isaprinciple adopted obviously at'variance aihte trcspn ef eorm."',- Mr. STUArT seconded thezesolution, which was carried unanimously amid cheering. Mfr. GR}ESHAa! moved,- "That the-ivery are flly alive to -the desirableness of reforming all`abuses, and would gladly lend their aid to any schemeof reform i6iliEworthydf'that designation;'but they -cah only consider the present bill as one of inconsideratechange;needlesya insijuriosly iinterfering with flongintablished'and valuable institutions ; the right use of the powers of the livery neier having- been impeached, and it being indisputable that greab services have been rendered by them to the country."- - Mr. JONE .seconded the resolution, vhich was put and carried unanimously. Mr. PoITsER moved,- " That this' common-hall approves of the proceedings of the Committee of Liverymen appointed at a meeting at the. Guildhall Coffeehouse, held on the 9th day of April inst,. and hereby requests the said connmittee to continue to act on its behalf, and to add such members of the livery to their number- as they may from time to time deem advisable. Mr. J. DuNN seconded the motion,' wihich was unanimously carried. The Tows. CiERx then read a lengthy petition to Parliament against the biLl, and, - On the motion of Mr. SC&DIFMLL, - seconded by Mr. A. ldoost, it was unanimously resolved,- " That the petition now read he adopted and signed by the livery And presented by Mr. Masterman to the House, of Commons, and that -all the -members of the city be requested to support its prayer." - - w '- vote of thanks to the-liord Mayor for the-abiUity 'withwhich he had presided terminated the proceedings. ---
THE TARTARS OF THE :CRIfEA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I had hoped that your Parliamentary racord would have afforded before this some proof that the condition of the unhappy Tartar prisoners of the Crimea, had drawn out some expression of the sympathy of our Alinisters or of the members of the two Houses. *But not a living voice seems to have been elicited by my recent letter on behalf of these wretched men. I cannotrostrain myself, therefore, from asking once more such a space in your.influential columns as shall again draw attention to the miserable condition of these prisoners, ad provoke an appeal for its mitigation. I am one of the very few Englishmen who witnessed the horror of those moments when they were torn from their homes-the wild anguish of the women, the mental agony of the men. The wrongs they suffered at those moments, the patient endurance'of their subsequont injurious treatment on the road, their hope in our sympathy, the generous aid extended to me and a few other English prisoners, as occasion offered, by the poorest of their fellow-countrymen in our dismal march of 1,600 miles to Riazan, a sense of justice, and the confidence P the effect of an appeal urged on such grounds, forbid my saence. Again I ask, what has been their crime? They sold to the allies those provisions which, had they not sold would have been taken from them they well knew in a night or two without payment by the Cosaoks. Is this a crime to be expiated in vile Russian prisons and punished by Siherian exile? Has Englsh justice-has English philanthropy no voice to raise for victims to whom she has been the innocent cause of these wrongs? It is not too late, even at this last moment, for the Plenipotentiaries at Paris to ask for amnesty for these men, as they have asked for and obtained, if report be true, protection for their more fortu. nate Tartar countrymen, who, -residing at Eupatoria and elsewhere, have afforded active support to the allies in the war. If the greater fault can on intercession be pardoned, it is not too much to hope that the lesser can be forgiven. I am. Sir. &c.. A IATE PRISONER OF WAR mlI RUSSIA.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMifES. Sir,-xr. Harcourt Vernowns letter, published in your impression of yesterday, commences by stating that in mine, to which you were so good as to give insertion on Saturday, I deny what Mr. Vernon never asserted that he said. In your report of Mr. Vernon's speech he is made to assert, that " the artist said he did not believe it was a work by Velasquez." In the report Mr. Vernon is made to state, that the artist " said that the only part that was touched by him was the back of a mule." In Mr. Vemon's letter of Friday it is stated that the artist said, " that the only portion of the group in question to which he coulld lay claim was a part of the asck of onie mule and the head of another." Mr. Vernon, in the report of his speech, is made to say, "The same artist stated that his (Mr. Vernon's) grandfather had placed his pictures in his hands to have them restored, and that Mr. Payne had damaged one of the, pictures," &-c. In Mr. Vernon's correcting letter of Friday, immediately afterthesentencerelatingtothe mules, he says " Ireferred to this, as also to the entire mistake made by the same witness in referene to a picture stated to have belonged to my grandfather, the at chbishop of York, not for the purpose of impugning in any way the motives or conscientious belief at the time of an able artist, but simply to shovw. how easily a careless statement from a respectable source may lead to the most erroneous impressions." I am grateful to Mr. Harcourt Vernon for the expressions which he has been pleased to use toward me in this paragraph; but I can fmnd nothing in it to correct the assertion, that the sa'me artist had stated that Mr. Vernon's grandfather had placed his pictures in the artist's hands to have them restored. I was summoned before the committee to speak to a transaction which had taken place nearly 20 years before my evidence was given; and I was examined and cross-examined as to particulars as if I had been in the witness-bos of the Old Baley, speaking as to what had occurred within a. week. A sheet of note paper was first held up, and I was aslked whether the space in question was as large as that ? I-answered, "Larger considerably." A sheet of foolscap was then held up, and I was asked if it was as large as that? MTy answer was,-" About that size, I should imagine."1 I gave -the best information I could as to the particulars of a long and bygone transaction, aud I spoke as my memory served me. When before the picture with some of the members of the committee, and when one 'was asking me " Did you do this?" and another, " Did you do that e I may bave said that I could not after such a lapse of time speak with certainty as to every touch of mine on the picture, and that I may have been mistaken as to the size of the various bare places during that unrecorded conversa-- tion. But Mr. Harcourt Vernon says in his last letter, that he has no doubt whatever that I was for some weeks engaged in repairs and restorations of the "'Boar Hunt ;" and, without fntending the lightest imputation derogatory to Mr. Harcourt Vernon, I leave the' public to judge whether such continued work is compatible with the imnpression conveyed by the limitation to " a part of the back of one mule and the head of another." The cause of my being summoned is stated in the second question putto me by the chairman. " Sir Charles Eastlake, in the course of his evidence, in answer to question 4,477, stated what I am now going to read to you:-' With regard to removing the glazings, I am not sure that that would be advisable in some eases; for example,-the "Velasquez," now in the National Gallery, was very much injured long before tt came into the National Gallery. I never heard this at the time it was purchased, or I should have made it known; but I know that that picture, when in the hands of the liner, in consequence of the iron roller being too hot, was very much injured, and portions of the picture came off in fakes. The person whlo had to restore the picture, whose name I have heard was Thape, was in despair. He applied to an artist now living. whose name is George Lance, to restore the picture. I have never conversed with him on the subject, but I have heard this from an intimate friend of his, and I have no doubt of -the trth of it. I give his' name in order that you may aseertain the fact if you please." I do tlot know wha was Sir Charles's informant, but the information was correct. The state of the picture is accnrately described, especially in that part where Sir Charles says:-" I know that that picture, when in thehands of the liner, in consequence of the iron roller being too hot, was very much injured, and portions of the picture came off in :lakes." That was exactly the state of the picture, and I had to draw on my imagination for the restoration of parts of it, as I amina condition to prove. .With thanks for your insertion of my former letter, and hopes that I shall not be obliged to trouble you further, I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. - EORGE LANCE. 8, Usnaburgh-terrace, Eegent's Park, April 15.
MAS FOR SwEDEN.-Infonnation having been received that the steamship London, under contract with the Swedish Government for the conveyance of mails between London and Gothenburg, is abont to re-commence running, mails will be made up at this office for transmission by this vessel on each occasion of her departure from I London. Letters forwarded by this route will be Elable to the same rate of postage as letters sent rid Ostend-viZ., Is. 2d. for a letter not exceeding half-an-ounce in weight, 2s. 4d. for a letter exceeding half-an-ounce but not ex. ceeding -an ounce, and so on, according to the scale for charging inland letters. This postage may be paid in advance, or the letters may be sent unpaid, at the option of the senders. Upon newspapers a rate of Id. must be paid in advance. The London is appointed to sail from. ondon every three weeks, the next departure beinon the mor ng of Sunday, the 13th int., and letters postea up to the al hour on tho Saturday previous will be in time. All letters and newspapers addressed to Gothenburg. and UddewaaUa which. are in this office at the time of makingoup the mail, and are not addressed to be sent otherwise, will be forwarded by the London, but letters and newspapers for other parts of Swreden intended to be forwarded by this vessel must be specially addressed "per steamer Loudon."'-By comnmand of the Postmaster-Gener~I, RownA>ND IL, Secret3ry.-enera.1 Post-office, April 12.
STATEkOF :TBADL - : r,I NCES TER, 4BIu.L15. The excitement in the cotton market at Iiiverpool, where the lrge quantity. of. aO,DQ.balea waa Ab1d) yeAerdayfollowed up viith large sales also this morning, Ias given a further impetus' to yarnr, and arather ertensive business -sidoing. Cotton asjd.per-lb.hhigher than on Friday, and spinners haveattempte,dto realizea aiiIradvance onyarns.. sop yarns and arps are. in.good demand, at higher prices, and the 'advance in price has -had the effect of brinz irg exortes. mpre freelymluto the market. Buyers bott for India and Germany have operated more freely than of late, and prices may be quoted d. to jd. per -lb. higher on ~these go-dsthan on -Tesday-last. In cloth prices have had to be put up, in consequuceD cof the higher rates paying for yan; but though there isAgood demand foralllasses of fabric, buyers.hesitate to give the high rates manufacturersare-compelled to ask. ,Lhough the market has beeu of ai ajnaated and romevhatexcitin' character therefore, the amount of business has been les thli= might.have been anticipated. Manufacturers are well engaged, however, and are firm in requiring an advance commensurate with the increaso cost of production. Some forged bills have been spoken of as having got iito' the hands of two or three regpectable houses. The acceptances are supposed to be the. forgeries of a small manufac- turerer who has absconded, but the wehole of the facts have I *ot yet transpired, and it isxu4desirable to,give the rnuours at present current. - Messrs. J.-Slagg' and Co. report:- Our market con-, tinued without change urinIg the week; that isto say, prodcuers maintained firmly the advance, of"Tnesday, wbile' buyers acted with great cau.tion, and the business of thei -week was on a small scale. Owing to the excitement'in the: cotton-market yesterday, manufacturers ask a further ad-' vance, which so far has only-the effect of. restricting business still more, as buyers generally are unwilling" to go beyond the prices of Tuesday last, but at those prices a fair amorunt of business could now be done." LEEDS, AP='n 1.' The attendanceof buyers in the cloth-halls this morning has been rather less than an average, and no very great amount of cloth changed hands. There is :no alteration in prices, and the stocks in the halls are in -a very moderatei compass, the new goods selling as fast as they are produced,, and a considerable amount of what may be called stock goods have met with purchasers during the past five or SLn weeks. The report of this day's Hudderifield. market is as; follows :-There has been a good attendance of buyers, -and, a fair business has been done in all kinds of goods, though the lowness of stocks had a tendency to limit the sales. Prices firm, with prospect of further advance. Wool well sold off.
THE COBQ TBADE. MIONTBIY RR'M. (From Tuesdav's Gazete-e An Account showing the Quantities of Corn, Grain, Meal,. and Flour imported into the United Kingdom, and ad. mitted to Home Consumption, in the Month of March, 1856. JOHN A. MESSENGER. Office of the Inspector-General of Imports and Exports, Custom-house, London, April12. LIVEERPOOL., AP.Rn 15. The arrivals from Ireland and coastwise during the past week h1vO been good of oatmeal, but othetwise light. Proe foreign ports we have received 13.0S9 quartees of wheat, 3,173 quarters of beans, 43,833 quarters of Indian corn, 1,190 sacks and 7,311 barrels of four. The experts in the same time comprise 2.169 quarters of wheat, 641 quarters of oats, 290 quarters of beans. 6,789 quarters of Tidian corn, 1,453 sacks and 1,671 barrels of flour. There has been a'very slow dragging trade here dunng the past week, and as the quantity of aU articles is greatly in excess of the demand prices continue to evince a decided downward tendency. The veather since yesterday has become harsh and cold, with the wind from the northeast. At this day's market there was a good attendance of the town and country trade, and a fair consumptive demand was experienced for wheat and flour, at, however, a decline of 4d. to 6d. per 701b.. and Is. to ls. 6d per sacl,andbarrel on the pricescucrrnttbis day week. Oats and oatmeal met with a -very slowr sale, and inferior samples of each must be quoted Id. per 451b. and 6d. per load lower. Ba.rley, being scarce, maintained its value; but beans must he quoted?ls.tper quarter lower. Indian corn was in fair request, and,, although there was a good deal1offering, and a large-auction sate adversed to take place aWer marvet ahours. thepexyremewdeclinewoncthe ee*sannothrae called mrtper quarte r . We barley maiquotuesltprime white Baltunore wheat, being still scarce, os 2d. to sa. d per 7OIb; prime banthem red, more plentiful and obtamnable,9, 95. to lOs 3d per 71b; westeca red, 9s. to Os. 3d. iqour from 32s.for extra respected westerns, to35s. for prime Ohio. Prime mixed Indian corn 28s. to 2ls. 68., yellowr 23s. 68. to 21,., and white fromn 27s. 68. to 29a. 6d. Per quarter. LERIIS, Arsac. 15. W°e have a short supply of w;heat, which meets a dull sale at 23. per quarter decline. Good harley maintains 2ate prices. lRo alteration in the value of oats and beans. BRISTOL, ApriL 15. Ou?r market bas been well supplied with English wbeat during tbe ,wvfeelr. vbich met a dull sale without alteration in mric-; very little ;doing inioreign. Barley, dne malting in gooddemand and very scarce grindinggqnalities unaltered in value. Oats, a1 slow sale, at rated in~ buyers' favour. Beaus and peas about the same. llou, a dull sale. Butter very scarce. prnces reryrm Potatoes continuoin good supply at late prices. __ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Many thanks are due to you for your powerful advacacy of our cause by the insertion of the appeal from the ducks and drakes of St. James's Park in Tc Tjimes of the 7th inst., the result of which is, we are now enabled to proceed with our course of incubation in the happy and comfortable assurance that a moat esists round our island sufficiently large to protect us against any further attcks from nest-robbing invaders. Hoping now soon to be able to exhibit our " little ones' according to annual custom, I am, Sir, yours very grate folly. THE SENIOR DRAKE. I Dack Island, April 15.
- L(R)D JOHNr RUSSELL AD THY STATE EDUCATSOSISTS.-We offer our warm congratulations to the friends of freedom of education on the signal overthrow and utter rout sustained by Lord John Russell and the State Educationists in the House of Commons on Friday last. In the most crowded House of the session, amid extraordinary ex,citement and interest, a division was come to beyond all that we could have hoped. Finding the practical and executive part of his plan demolished by Sir James Graham on the previous evening, and evidently condemned by the feeling of the House, Lord John on Friday withdrewF all that part of the plan-namely, the last seven resolutions out of the twelve, though after a feebly laboured defence of them. Happily, he persisted in pressing his first resolution, having received the promise of the support of the Government to that alone; and he ;intended, if he had carried that,- to propose other four resolutions,though modified accordingto the amendments of Sir John Pakdngton and Mr. W. J. Fo. The House therefore, went to a division on the first resolution, which iwas, ",That it is expedient to extend, revse, and consoldate the minutes of the Committee of Privy Council on Education." Upon this motion Mr. Henley's amendment I That the chairman do nowleave thechair," movedwith -a view of defeating all the resolutions at once, was vut, and on this, their strongest vsnta-e-ground. theunited forces of the Government, Lord John'ussell,- Sir John Pa}dngton, Mr. W. J. Fox, and all the sections of State 1du-. cationists,_ were defeated by a great mnajority. To add to the emphasis of- the decision. Mr. Henley himself had twice oflered to withdraw his amendment, partly because - he thought the first resolution unimportant, and partly out of courtesy to Lord John RusselLI But such-was the determination of the House to inflict a decisive and memorable defeat on the education schemers that they refused to allow the amendment to be withdrawn. ThusLord John Russell has brought the educational campaign, for which he had made such great preparations, and which he opened with such solemmity and such high promise, to as unfortumate a termination as any upon record. After a single day's debate (to use Mr. Gladstone's figure) he abandoned more than half his anny-, in the hope of saving the rest; he withdrewthe shattered remnants under the protection of the Government guns; he took post on avague re3olution, which enabled himto rally (wvith the aid of thle whippers-in) State Educationists of every colour and a considerable part of the Whig rank and file; and, in spite of all, -his camp was stormed, his colours and guns taken, and his army driven into the sea. We are disposed to take up the song of Miriam. Compulsory education has thus received its death blow, just as it emerged from the womb of speculation into existence asa Parliamentary project. This miserable bantling of LorcJohn Russell has been strangled in the cradle. The Eglish spirit and English sense of the House of Commons, rallying after a wretched dream, in. which the doctrinaires sat upon it like a nightmare, have burst the bonds which the Mhilistines were weaving about it, "as Samson his, green withes." Secular.education and local rates mav also be said to have been demolished by this crushing division. Indeed, secular education was seen to . be the necessary consequent. of local and compulsory rates; and on that account, as much as on any other, the House of Commons regardedsLord.John Russell's planwith indignantdisapapprobation:. 1We do not beguile ourselves into the notion that theXouseL formaly adopted the only just and right prinuiple-the volintary principle in education. But we do sy-that it has-virtually condemned every other. Nay, more,-it has manifestly resolved to make the voluntary system its main relance. The mighty achievements of that sysEem,'and,.whatis better sti', its noble and sacred spirit, have-beeniappreciated by. several of our most -experienced. and far-sighted statesmen. 127i 7mes, too, wbiclfpossoses an influence never before exercised by any jon. in this country, has enforced, with reasoning AS cogent as the style in which it is couched is pure and nervous, the wisdom of trnsting to the principle which has worked so well-s XTercury.
- THE PB,,ICHAkirH. ' 5 ;, G . .(From h Welyttr ftl x; e nenL . In.the week that ended onStufday the deaths of 1,115 sons-,viv., 5 malesand 5 were registered in London. The averge -nuber' in -the 10 corresponding weeks of the years 186-~5 Wus 1,079; an, ,d if -this is raised mu a certainprOportiOn aocordingto iicre&se of .popultio6i it becomes 1,187. -The deaths eof lst weelcar therefore, less by 72 than the rate of mortality.wjhich rled inor a-p;nding weeks would_mave piodiced.- The deaths arisig fror- diseazes of the organs of respiration, which under the influenc of cold weather in a&rch hd-,incre,sed to -281 - in a week, did not excee lst wek :21S. :Bronchitix has declined to 115. Phthzsi~ (we'Lw ,,eLth; in four previous-weeksit ranged above 14t- ingcough was rather more fatal than it had been for some timeprevions; 62.children died of it, besides S that diEd of crojp. r' The mortlity of zymotic diseasee in the aggregate is at .present very near the average. Elevenchildren and3 adults (one an aged female) died of smallpox; measles exhibit,$ tendency to increase, and was fatal to 37 c$hidren; ,scarlftina to 28 children, and one persounmQre advanced ilt life. - The deaths from typhus and commzon fever were.46, Tather less than in previous weeks. There -werei 13 fronM typlus inhe astdistricts, and 6 in, the south. As regards; hoopingcough the proportions wvere different, for there wvere S from that voxnplaint in the former divisiog, and 23- in the,latter. -Fivq infants-were destroyed.by .iyphilitic disease. Amoig other' causes of death may be mentioned cancer, which was fatalin 27- cases epilepsy in 10; disease of the 4spieen- in one; diabetes in -one; scurvy- in one; yellow -feverin-one.- Three persons died.the victims of inteniperato .Ihabits; and three cases are also recorded in which the cause of death is stated to -be deirium frens.n ' Last week the births of 862 boys and 822 girl6, in all 1,6Schildren, were registered in London. In the 10 corre. -spondingweeks of the-ears 1846-55 the average number *iw 1,463. * mAt tne Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height of :tho barometer in the week was -29272 in. The highest readingiinthe week-was2956in. on Friday. The mean temperature of the air was 47P1', which is 2-3' above the average 'of the same week in 38 years (as determinea-by -M.r. Glaisher). The mean temperature of Sunday the 6th was 42-3'; that of Satrday .51-1, having increased almost continuouslythroughout the week. %ko highest reading .was 61-1, and occurred on Saturday; the lowet was 3V, and occurred onMonday. The meandew-pointtemperature w was 41-5 deg., and the difference between this and the mean airtemperature was 5-6 deg. The mean temperature of the water of the Thames was 49-6 dez.: its temnerature y,n,, from 469 deg. to 52-5deg. The direction of the wind alternatedbetweensouth-east and soutL-west. The rain measuredlbythegaugewas 05'57in.,whichfell, nearly all, on Sunday, Wednesday, andThursday.
SHIP VEW&S T.rT13-.- * . Salled.-The Ellen, for Prince }dward's Island-the St. George. for Nevfoundland-theJane Hughes. for Rotterdaam-the steamship Mr.- garet. for Havre-the steamssipMhersonese,forfB3laklava-thesteam ship Minho, for Lisbon. ArnL 1D. Wind, EN.E. The stemaaship Gannet, which saUed yesterday for Rotterdam, has put back with macinery d-maged. The Brazlian. forNewfoundland, has put back leaky. Arived.-The Henvy Cm-ren, from BRo Grande-the Governor B. de Vries, from Ostend. Off the Port.-The Duke and the Dawstone. Salled.-The Santa Crux, for Havannah-the Severn, for Rio Bento -the Egyptian, for Quebeo-the Granville, for Narva-tho Jane Pringie, for Gibraltar-the Camelo, for Cape Breton-the AIpha, for Trieste-the Margaret Deane, for RioJaneiro-the Azor. for Payalthe LuInagar, for Cape Town-the Sydney and the Jane, for Ham. bur-the Danube, for Constatinople-the John and Mary. the Jane, the Battus, and the Cariilla, for Newfoundland-the Prederic Gustav, for Gijon-the Bahia Packet, for Harbour Grace-the Alphonsine Jean, for ToUIon-the Corrib, for Gibraltar. LoeNDon, April 15.-Wind, at noon, X I; fine, and blowrin a gale. BRSOL. April 15.-Wind, NE.; strong. Arrived, the New 3fargaret, from China. FALeouTeL April It-Wimd, N.E. freeb.-Ouived, the Regard, from Jaffa-the Af. fromSalonica. Saled, the Ocean,forNewfoundland-the Victoy. for Gibraltar-the Foau. for Lisbon-the Telemaque, for Calcutta-the Speedlel, for Rio Janeiro-the Thames, for Barbadoes-the Neptune, for NewYork-the Eagle sand the Rose. foe Quebec-the George, for Ciint Vecchia-the Dr. Winterbottom, for Corunna-the J. L. Dirmmock, for Elinore. YAuasourwL April 14.-The Wielands, of and from Sunderlana for Newhaven, got on the BarberPatch to-day, but was assisted off and towed into the harbour, making much water. Mn.vosn. April 11.-A clinker-built boat, 17feet long, with "VlMlain Sanderson I on the cutboard inside, and under the stern, seat "Hermes," also, part a of brig's top, with "Hemes6" cut on it, wero picked up yesterday off St. An's Head. WMvi-xnoz April 1.-The brig Veracity. of South Shields, from tho north forLondon, grounded on the 12th ins. on the Middle Shoal im the Swin, but was got off with assitance. Bar,vAsr, April 15.-Ai quantity or rope, spars, nud rails were picked up off the Calf of MIan bv- the steamship Idalvina, arrived here. .utes, April 14.-TheScottishMaid, fromNe vcastlesfor Bouen. put into Havr eon The th inst., barig been aground while in tow on sunisbenk off Queliebcesuf EZYr Wasr, MarclrfS.-The cargo o£ the Balaklava. from IMobile for Liverpool. which put into this port on the 3d of February, after being on shore-, has been sold, GRAVESEND, A2t 1it (Br SuBNAa = AreD Bmsu TxL riapLH (From L1oyd'ea Arrived.-The Wakefield, from Antwerp-the Cathika, from Thistedk --the OtheUo, from Christiania. ArrIL 15. 9.30 am.-Wsnd, N.NE. tide, high water: cloudy and strong. A:rived.-The Victoria, from Holmstadt-the Irene, from Memelthe Xendrika Margaretha, f-om Konge2f-the Cormelia. from Stromstadt-theKron Prinz Frederick, from Drobach-the Blessing and the Friendship, from Brussels, Sailed.-The Eliza Bain, for Jamaica. 1 p.m,-Wlnd, 1N.E.; tide. 11 hour's ebb; a gale. No arrivals. Sailed.-The Africanus, for Cape Coat Castle -the steamer Hanio Ter, for Havre 3 p.m.-Wind, N.E.-; tide, .51 hout' ebb; strong. Arrived.-The steamer Panther, from Boulogne-theCharlotte Ann. from Amsterdam-the Christiau, from Drobach-the Alliausen, from Gotteaburg-the Athalis, from Frederickstadt-the Xorden, from Porsgrend-the Andreas and the Alma from Frederickstadt--th Dido, from Gottenburg. Sailed.-The steamer Rhine, for Bo'lognc- 7.30 p.-Wind, N.E.; tide, 2 hoors' flood; blowing hard. Axrivled-The Thames, from Hamburg-the Guatemala, from PorS grund-the RoyalAdelaide, from Grimstad-the Amina Marina, from Thisted -the Osar, from Christiania-the Skien, from Sapsborg-tlh Juno, from Hodroe-the Oceau, from Tirmonde. SailedL-The Seraphine, for St. Vincent's. DEAL, APRIL 15. (Ry SuRYARx AxWD DBxrrSg TLoJRAIL1 From n Lloyda) 9 a&,=-Wind, N.E:.; a gale, with heavy rain. Pasaed.-Her Majesty's ship Imperatrice. from the Baltic for 1'orts. mouth-the Royal Soverelgn, from London for Port Phillip-the Princess Royal, from Grimsby for HEayti-the Oporto, from Newcast4e for Oporto. -Noom.-Wind, N.E. ; a heavy gale. Axnehored3-Her Majesty's ships Pylades and Hazier, fromn tie Baltic for Portsmouth. The ship Blanchard, on shore at Kingsdown, has become a wreck: the cro SaTed. 2 prn.-Wupd, N.E.; a gale. Paste.-The Hlbbert, fromNewcastle for Lorndon. 7.30 pm.-Wlnd, N. ; blowing hard. Arrived and Pas3ed.-Her Majee 'srhipsEurTalus and Falcon. froot the Baltic for Portsmouth, TheAmerican shipbecomeawreck on King3down Beach is et7 very much stralned, with several bolta started. Some portion of ho cargo of cotton has been saved. VEzsSLs 8rom- WrIT The ship Rajasthan, steering N..W.. Feb. 27, in lat. 6S., long. is W. The Dart, from Qurenstosn forRio Grande, MIarch 2, in lat. IN., long. 22Wl. The Aimerian ship CowFper, steering S.W., March 7, in Iat. 7 X., Tbe American bark Snapdrngon, steering for the Chlannel,Marrh X, oi£ the Azores. The Liverpool, from iverpool for Lima. Feb.24. in lxt. 5NW., lowC. 23 W. ; which also, Feb. 16, spoke the bark Lanercost, also from Liver. pool for Lima. The Jalawar, from London for Melomrne, March 6, in lIt. G H.. long. 25 W. The Vriendschap, from Hartlepool for Batavi*, Feb. 28, in t. 2 N., L;erPo'mt,from London for Jamaica, arch2D, in lat. 17 N., lorg. 56 W. The Ann luckham, of and from Boston for China, Nov. 11, in Lst. 37 B., long. 2 W. The Uriel, fron Calcatta, Jan. 31 in lat. 3 S., lorg. 22 E. -The Charles G. Yoler,DromHulrforHa" rch 7a and s plied rith provisions. -The Jane Parker, from New Ortesanfor Cowes, Mrvch 17, in lt, 30 N., long. 79 W. The Blue Jay, of Liverpool sur-laden, standing esatwad. March 24. The Williem Hutt, fromLIerpool for Quebec, April 10. in lat. 51 The;WanePhie, April 3. inlat. 40 N.. lonz. 11 W. -The steimer Calpe, Apeil 8, in Ixt. 48 X., long. 9 W. The Venikale, from Port Adelaide for London, blarch 3; in lat. 1S. 1onr.g 36. TIes shi? Indos Marc h23. i n la. Nil, stedring south. The LaVlsIint,fom the IuritiuslorLondon, March1l, init. TRhe uSt, steerlngS.W., March17 in lat 4. ,long. 19W. The John BnlBl3frOcrtBombay for ~Iverpool, April 1, in lat. 536 .. ODng. 19W. IGH WABER AT LONDOIN.BRDhGE THIS DAY. Moseiuc .. Oziu. after 121 A±terDoou .. I L. aft,it
a7UDICIAL COMMITTEE OP PRIVY COUNCIZ, ; _ ... . 'Tue y, AiZi 15. fX~SEP A2N-D TEE i oN. EST 1jT V DYCE _-- -. 03HE, TROlJP. AND SOLAROT. - - Wome. Mr. PMsmxTo?L zrGuI, Sir nDwApRD RyA2T, Dr. L.OSHGTOY, an Lords JujtiCc K?iG1T BRucE and ) . .zp- - The ATToINy-G3iNRAuL proceeded to reply on behalf of the appellants. The istsue, he sid, before theirlordships ws simply and solely whether or not Mr. Dyce Sombre, at the time of thi execution of thetrill,of 1849=tC 'will now in dispute4-s of sound and disposing inind. In 2etermining that question their Lordships tust take a litze view of his origin, temperament character, and ecnduct from his birth to his death It would be c4Vte impossible to do justice in this case b cons:dering only that neriod of his life to whic the learned counsel for the respondents had more particularly e3lled their attention. Numerous medical authoritiesmyiht be cited, were it necesary, to show that in forming an opinion of his condition at the latter part of his life his tormal and ordinary state must be taken into account. He was far more of an Asiatic than a European, and there was mothing in which the two characters differed more than in the treatment of women. Asiatics placed their wives under the most vigilant restraint lest their honour should be kletrayed. The deceased partook of that view. They had not that sense of truth and honour w;hich distinguished the peopIe of England; on the cont.nry, fraud and falsehood were among their more prominent vices. The deceased displayed thcm t a great degree, and there was nothing in his education man h2bits to correct his natural feelings, Su_spicion characterized him from the eariest perliod of his life; it had been instilled into him that he ought to beon hsis guard against poison, and the Begum had cautioned him in that respect against his brothers-in-lawr. He was devoid of all filial affetion, as illustrated by his conduct towards his father,wiho had also been adoptedhythe Beguni, lbut had been dismissed her service. In speaking of his sisters there was none of that natural affection usually entertained. Whenever he mentioned 3r.Troup and Baron Solaroli in his journal he spoke of them disparsingly nd with marked disrespect. He regarded them as nval candidates for the fortune of the Begum, and they were the subjects of his aversion and distrust. To tho Begum he was ardently and devotedly attached, the only one bright redeeming quality in his character. Apart from that he was sensual, selfish, jealous, delighting in the most obscene and filthy associations. He came to England coated with passion, and upon landing on the British shores his first effor, though unavailing, was to seduce a voman. Thus launched upon European society, he saw the lady who afterwards became his wife, and was fascinated by her beauty and accomplishmentsz, Notwithstanding he was warned against proposin marriage, he did it; butthe marriage vwas smspended, and that was previous to the allegation of insanity, because his Asiatic character vas so strong that he could not bear his intended wife going into society, even under the protection of her ovn father. Hle went abroad, and while there he spoke of his future wife conforming herself to Eastern customs. Although he had associated with European ladies for upwards of a ,year, he bad not been reconciled to their occupying that positionwhich constituted the charm of European society. When the negotiations for the marria-e were renewed in 1840, he still retained all his Asiatic notions. Even then he challenged Lord St. Vincent. The marriage was again suspended, in consequence of a dispute arisinas to the mannerin which the children should he educated; it it ultimately took pLace, and no doubt he thought he could reconciIe himself: partially, if not altogther, to European habits. But he miscalculated his ow-n powers, andunderrated his ow;n Passions. His wife was full of wit and of talent cultivated to the highest degree; not a breath was to be uttered against her purity, but it was admitted that she attracted admiration wherever she went. What effect was that calculated to produce upon the deceased? There was every material for kindling to the highest intensity that jealousy natural to man, and, moreover, national to the deceased. He desired that she should conceal herself. She repelled it; and day after dy the passion gained strength, acquired additional vehemence till at last it laid the whole man prostrate as its victim. He (the Attorney-General) did not wish to Say a word that could east blame on any one, but it was greatly to be feared that about that periodhehadnot receivedthe best advice. Having once allowed the passion of jealousy to obtain the mastery, he perverted acts the most innocent into proofs of guilt "strong as Holy Writ." Was it insanity that caused the jealousy, or jealousy that caused the insanity? Tne latter was the fact. There mi_ht have been a predisposition to insanity, the result of years of debauchery, drunkeaness, and unbridled Licentiousness, but it was plain that it was jealousy which overvhelmed his reason. Looking at the physical causes of insanity, the tendency of all emotion was to occasion congestion of the blooivessels of the brain; the moment they became gorged and distended the functions of the brain could not be discharged, sometimes permanently so, but in other instances they were restored by the process of nature or the healing influence of art to a healthy or a normal condition, and then the insanity ceased. That was very different from madness arising from internal disorganization, and which developed itself without the supervention of an exciting cause. In such cases there was much less probability of restoration. The deceased having escaped from Dr. Graut and reached Paris, a change immediately took place in him. He (the Attorney-General) represented a great public company, which had no other desire than to brmg oefore their lordships those things which they thought essential to enable them to arrive at a right conclusion on the case. Tne learned counsel then referred to the various medical examinations of the deceased which had taken place, and contended that the result negatived the idea of general insanity. After commenting on the conduct of Baron Solaroli, towards whom he said the deceased entertained the bitterest enmity, inasmuch as at one period he contended that he was not insane, whereas at another he urged Mrs. Dyce Sombre to keep up the commission, he then proceeded to argue, that the deceased had motives and reasons for awserting the illegitimacy of Madame SolarolL Many of those things which were represented as delusions were nothing but misapprehensions-errors into which any one mighth.ave fallen. In November, 1848, he underwent three days' examination by Sir James Clark, Dr. Southey, Dr. Bright and Mr. MWartin,and although the questions putto him were of a. most subtle character, yet his answers evinced great discrimination and betrayed no delusions. With all his (the Attorney-General's) admiration for Lord Cottenham, he could not help thinking that, in the judgment delivered by his lordship in April, 1849, on refusing to supersede the commission, he was a little influenced by the agreement with Mr. Mahon, and was determined to put an extinguisher upon all the hop entertained by him of accomplishing his object through the Court. What, however, was 10,0001. to Mr. Dyce Sombre compared with his absolute freedom? He would have given twice that suml to get rid of the commnission. The whole of the instructions for his will, entering into minute detail as to the objects of his bounty and the educational institutions which he wished to found, w-;ere furnished hyhim vithout the slightest aid. Mr. Desborough called his attention to the fact that no provision was made for his wife by the wil. H ever there was amoment when he would have disclosedhisinmost feeings, that was it. But what was his reply? Did his delusion break out ? No, he simply answered that she had a sufficient roeision-4,000L. a-year-under the marriage settlement. he was a man of consummate vanity, and, having no heirs, what was so natural as that he should found the '- Sombre CoUege" to hand down his name? He knew that the East India Companyvwere paramount in India, and his appointment of them as trustees proved that he could rise superior to any personal feeling which he entertained against them. This was almost the first time in which a disputed will had been the creation of the deceased's own mind. GeneraUy the testator was worked upon by interested parties who Surrounded his deathbed, and used every argument to procure it which cupidity could suggest. Here the deceased was resident at Paris, and when he saw a respectable solicitor he was informed of the difficulties which would have to be encountered. No one had ventured to Say that Mr. Prinsep had interfered with him, and there never was a will-reference being had to the character of the testator-which bore upon the face of it better evidence of the sanity of the man who made it. The learned gentleman not having concluded his argument, their Lordships adjourned until 2.45 to-morrow (this day).
LAdvertisement.]- Homceopathic Domestic Physician," by Pni.olte and Epps. The part on Accidents byhly G. N. Ep, surgeon. New edition.m8o.616pages,7T.6d. Adaptedtofamiiies,e igr nto and traveller. Achestof medicinestoacco mpanythis copionsw ork, 70s "Domestic Homecopathy," hy John Epps, M.D., 278 pages. 3s.6d. A case of medicines, 42s. "Handbook oHomeopathic Practice, by Walter Xeli, 3i.B., 2s. A cae of medicines, 12a "Hom path.st's Pocket cmpanion,"E0pages, L. Acaseof medidmes.1lA l&s., or 2ts. Carriage free on receipt of post-office order. James Epps lTO. Piccadilly 112, Great Russell-sreet, Bloomsbury; and 82 O1d Broad-street. city. [Advertisement.J-" Fdegant Axts for Ladies."--Every fathershonld place this new book in his daughter's hands It treats npon every art and accomplishment, and is superbly illustrated with i3uu^ engravingA. AmoreusefuloreleIgantbook does not exist price e. 6d.L. richly gilt. *' Bechsteinus Iandbook of Cage-Birds (price z. 6d.) ought to to bought by all who keep birds. "The Wife's OWn; Book of CoOkerY" Wil secure a good dinner with the mo0t EIender means. Over :50 descriptive illustrations add to the utility and value of this w(orkc which contains above 1.500 original receipts for dishes that ma begot up in any household, and are adapted to all incomes: price . " Treasures in Needleworkr." by Mlrs. Warren and Mis Pullan, S 6. Ward and Lock. 118. Fleet-tbreet. FAdvertisement.]-" A new work of fiction, by the noble auntor of 'A Marriage in High jLifc and 'Trevelyan.' Ihich is announced by3Mr. Bentley to be published by him ins few days, is an event in the literary world. Productions by such writers as 3LArs dFgeworth and -Miss Austeu. and this gifted lady. are like ' angel' Nisits, few and far between.' The new novel which we have now the great pleasure of annourcing is caued I The Old Grey Church.' A novel by such a powerful and original writer needs no recommendation from us. AU well remember her two previous celebrated and popular works. The new story wlll be 'welcome everywhere..-Evening Paper. [Advertisement.]-" History of Christian Churches and Sectsfrom theEarliest Agesof Christianity."bythe Rev.J.B. Mlareden, A-X, author of "the Early and Later Puritans." 2 vols.. 8so. Richard Bentley. "A complete historical dicUonary of the principal divisions into which Christians are now divided, containing ample proof that the author is a raost competent ecclesiastical scholar, that he has carefully and with 6reat skill digested the resullts of the labours his,oreeess. and thathehas 'placed himself in thesitnation of acandidroember of the churchOr sect wThine story was betore hi. He has a style singularlyclear and compact, and we can decare that hlrorkeisbyfarthemost nteresting history of Christian churches thathaycet bcen wittenh-"Morning Chronice.' [Advertisement>JTho new- novel, " John Halifaxc, gen tlemane boythe authorof "Tahe eadof theFamMiy"&c.^, in3vobA is pubeished thisday. and maybehidatallthe libraries. ALuor O "wiar;aree and her Bridesmaids. by the anther of "uWoman's Devotion." *'AI;a-ge measure of popularity maybe predicterl for this novel. The chaaces are deawn with great ability and knovvledge of humnan nature."- Post. 3. "Rank and Beauty; ort the Young Baroness." "*he story of the 'Young Baroenes' is sure to ce attractive to the mass cf novel readers."-LIut.Graz. 4. " Our Own4 Story." by bliss Bunbury. ' Aworkof unquestionable genius."-Chroulcle. Hunrst and Blaclreto, publishe, successors to Henry Colburn. rAdvertisement.]-N-ow ready, only 2s., "The Life and Adventures of Jules Gerard, the Lion Killer;" a narrative of the mnost startling and extraordinary exploits ever recorded in the annals of adventme. Theworkeirculatedwith the rapidity-of lightni-throughoutrnerc on its appearancea few months ago, ianow-pubishedin English. in a cheap form, under copyright treaty-cannot fail to be pedily in the hands ofbvery reader in the three kingdoms It is ot ll others the book for rail or omnibus, and is sold at eTery shop and station I*mbert and Co 46Z New; Oxford-street. lAdvertisement.1- oBeli'g Iife in london " of Sanday nxt. April 0, will contain-Pull and exclusive particulars of the Newinarket Craven Meeting-flnsam Iacea-Programmnes of York Sprig ad htlin deein~~~ sateof the odds and other Tur hes-teele oaingNorumerlndHowden. and Ham- and miscellaneous intelligence of the week.Prc of"el' L.fe"..,> gtnsedj,6 fe; unsn 5d, d.O$ce, 170, Strand.V a
LAW BREPORT. COUIRT OF CETCERY. WEST31WSTE. APItL15. IN RE DAISPS!S PATEM\. I R,foi P TAR ILOTiD C TA'tET.TrnR I This was the brst day of Easter Term, and his Lordship entertained the Judges, Queen's. Counsel, &c., at breakfast it his private residence. His Lordshi! took his seat in court at 2 o'clock, accompwaied by the =ster of the Ros iathe Vioe-Chancellors Kindersley, Stuart, and Wood The various Judges shortly aftermards retired to their resnective courts. * It will be recollected that the order made on this pettion by this Court last Wednesday-was that the patent should be Eealed, with the option, however, for Mfr. Hives to have the patent assigned to him, to be held upon the same terms as thowe contained in a license deed, respecting a patent granted to £ person named Barrett. I Mr. FOOKS this morning stated that Rives declined avail.. inghimself of the offer; and . The LORD CHANCELLOR made an unconditional order for the sealing of the patent. . NAT-T V. NOBLE. Mr. M1AL1,s followed Mr. Cracknell in this part-heard appeal from Vice-Chancelor Stuart respecting the construc. tion of a most intricate will. Mr. BACON- and Mfr. WssrvmBRtD supported the decree. The case was not concluded. (Before the LORDS JUSTIrCS of AIPPE ) DREV V. SIEDDEN. This was an appeal, the argnment of which commenced on Saturday and continued the whole of Monday. The bill is filed by Mr. Drew, the proprietor and landlord of the Xedina Hotel, at East Cowes, and of the St. Boniface Hotel atVentnor, both places being in the Isle of Wight. The principal defendant is Mr. Robert John Shedden, a gentleman said to be of some position by family, but not, according to the indications contained in a letter produced in evidence, of high literary.attainments, or very eninently endowed in epistoLarycomposition. Some time in the year 1i0OMr. Shedden became a frequenter of the Medina ffotel, not in the ordina^,ry character of visitor or guest, but as a privileged sOjOUrner at the bar and the tap, where his weekly expenses ra.^ged from 5?. to 101. During, these visits MIr. Shedden sometimes accepted and sometimes drew bills for the accommodation of hIr. Drew. Two of these bills were for the respective amounts of 2001. and 100?. ; the former became due on the 31st of August, 1852, and the latter at the end of the same month in the following year; and it was in relation to these bills (besides a bill for " coaching" expenses) that the dispute has arisen. The tavern charges of Mr. ,Drew appear to have been from time to time decreased by small sums paid by hfr. Skedden, and the entries of these charges and payments were contained in a bookkept in a drawer in the bar of thehMedina Hotelunder the guardianship of Miss Sarah Phcenix, the niece of Mr. Drew, and barmaid and manager of that establishment ; but, as this book was afterwards destroyed by Mr. Shedden, as he admitted in his evidence, no light could be derived from it, excepting such as the memory of Miss Sarah Pbcenix could supply. Air. Shedden being thus liable for 300!. on the two bills when they should fall due, required of M1r. Drew some security, and a solicitor was called in, who prepared a mortgage of chattels in the Medira Hotel for securing that amount. This was in Febmra , 1852, and fr. Drew remonstrated against it, as theiUs were then running, and lMr.Shedden a^7greed to execute a memorandum, in the nature of a defeasance, that the mortgage was not to be available unless Mr. Shedden should ultimately be compelled to pay the biils. IJpon their coming to maturity hMr. Shedden did so, as he alleged, taking them out of the hands of one hkl. Bell, w,ho had discounted them. Mtr. Shedden, under his powers in the mortgage deed, took pXossession of the chattels, whereupon iu September, 1852, hfr. Drew filed his bill for relief, and in its allegations .opened up a new scene in this singular transaction. |H}e stated that it had been arranged between hIr. Shedden and himself that all the liquors and other refreshments sup plied to the latter should be drunk and eaten off the amount or the hiahilities upon these two billsdrawin or accepted for Mr. Drew, and that this had actually been done; so that, in point of fact, nothing was due to 3Ir. Shedden on the mortgage. Nr. Drew alleged intenas that the arrangement was that MEr. Shedden should " eatout," or "ga out," the amount of hisliability on the two bills, and the object of the suit was for relief against the mortgage, and for an account of all dealings and transactions bcetween the pr ties. Iupon the hearing of the cause before Vice-Chancellor Kiinderaley. his Honousr was of opinion that Mfr. Drew had failed to show that the tavern account was to be set off against these two bills in particular, but considered that if there were any arrangement at all it was that Mfr. Shed|den should eat and drin out all the liabilities;* and, as a Idebt was demanded on one hand .and denied on' the other, he directed inquiries to ha made whether anything Iwas due from Mrr. Drew to hfr. Shedden besides the 200!. and 100?. paid for the bills at the time when Mr. jShedden put his mortgage security in force, and also for hils tavUeryn renfrehens The chie clerk certified that there was due to Mfr. Shedden 382?., over and above the 300?. uponuthe two bills, and that there was due to Mr. Drew 2241. for a tavern accolunt, showingsv balance infavour of Mrr. Shedden. Among the accounts pnroved before the chief clerk was one which showed that for tavern charges for less than five months 407. represented the eating or gnawing out proportion, and 230!. the drinking. ">Two pennyworth of, bread to eall tchist itolerabe qurtn- c ate, but it was affirmed by the Vice-Chancellor, and hence the present apjpea3. The coaching account arose fKrom the starting of the Vectis to run from Cowes to Ventnor; but, as the bill representing that account was not strictly in dispute now, no further notice of it is required than to say that one side represented it as having been started for the purpose of enabling Mr. Shedden to gratify his liking for " four in hand," and the other that it was a partnership, and that the coach was regularly driven by the appointed coachman, without whose leave hlz. Shedden was never permitted to take the reins. MEr. Selwyn and Mrz. Browne appeared for MEr. Drew; 3fr. Baily and hfr. W. Pearson are for the respondent, Mlr. Shedden.' The foregoing report has been with great labour e:ctracted from an incredible heap of pa per (the consumption of which material in the suit fitly represents that of the articles enumerated in the tavern bills), the facts buried in which were such as to induce the Lord-Justice KCnight Bruce to say, " The more I see of this case the less I perceive;* the morelI learn of it the less I understand."
VICE-CHANCELIORS' COTTRTS- APRT. 15 EFVA.N V- CflVlN7\V (Before Vice-C7zanceUor Sir R. T. KiE RsmrS.) cTiosbeling the first day of Easter Term, the Lord Chanclohedhis usual levEe, andI the Court did not sit until commncemnt o themont. Somuchfor fixed termis and movabl Bars. Mr. ADsEP.soN was heard in continuation of his reply in this case until 4 o'clock, when the Court rose. (Before Vice-ChancellorSir J. STUART.) The Court sat at Westminster to-day. Tnere were no cases heard of public interest. (Before Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. WOOD.) The VICE-CHANCELLOR disposed of a few motions, and then roceeded with the part-heard cause of "Manser v. Dix.'P
COURT OF QUEENSBENCH, WEST.MUSTMR. APRTT. I. NEW OUUEN'S COUNTMAr.. (SUings in Banco, oeforc Lord CAMPBEELT and Jv5tices WIGHMtjra, ERLE, and CROMIrTON.) This being the first day of Easter Term, their Lordships breakfasted as usual with the Lord Chancellor. They arrived at Westmninster HaU a little before 2, and took their seats on the bench soon after. Mr. Selwyn and Mr. Cairns, of the Chancery bar, having been raied to the degree of Queen's Counsel, were this dav caUled to take their seats within the bar. THE QUEEN v. WTILLLtn PALMER. Mr. EDwLSs JATMES, Q.C., said it was the intention of the Attorney-General to have moved under the new act in the case of the " Queen v. William Palmer." Lord CAMiPBELL said the biUl had now become law. Mr. JAirss said the Attorney-General would have moved on the first day of term, but he was detained in the Privy Council. Lord CuNIPBELL said that, unless notice were given to the other side, the rule would be a rule nisi. hlr. JLrEs said the course of proceeding had been arranged, and to-morrow the Attorney-General would be here to move. TYRRELL AN-D OTHERS V. THE GLENAULIN ANM CARI- VILLEEN MINING COMPAXY OF IRELANID. Mr. J. BRowvNs moved for rules calling upon two gentlemen, named Swabey and Sutton, to show cause why execution should not be levied upon their goods upon a judgment obtained by the plaintiffs in the month of August, 1855, against the Glenaulin and Carivilleen Mining Company of Ireland The plaintiffs were solicitors to the company, and had obtained judgment for 971. Is.; but when the officer applied at the former office of the company, in Cannonstreet, he was told by the landlord that the company had not been there for some time, and he found that they had sold their furniture to the landlord in payment of their rent. Alter further inquiry the officer found a young man who was formerly bookkeeper to the company, and who stim had the custody of the hooks. From the examination of these books it appeared that there had been no meeting of the company since August, 18iB, and the bookkeeper said he retained the hooks in his custody because he -did not know any one who could take charge of them. It appeared the company had nothing left but their books. Lord CAMIPBELL said the Court would hear from the other side what more ought to have been done. Rule nisi granted. UT RE JOHN COLLINS, AN ATTORNEY. Mr. WATsON, Q.C., said in this case the Lords Justices had given judgment against his client. Mr. HODGSON, who appeared for the Law Society, said this was a rule to strike an attorney off the roll. The rule had been enlarged, in order that thevary might apply to the Lords Justices for a rehearing. T'hat had been granted, but the Lords Justices refused to restore him. Lord CAMPBELL said that, under those circumstances. the rule must he made absolute to strike the attorney off the roll. Rule absolute accordingly. ER^ PARTE -. -In the course of the day a gentleman, whose name did not transipire,rose and said he moved for a criminal information against twvo attorney of this court for breaking into LSord CABrLL said it wvas the settled practice of the Couritthiat none but a gentleman of the bar couldimove for a cnnnnal information. ; The sappllcar4 who had uttered his first sentence in a wer soorwous'tone of voice, wa5 here brought to a-mudden rause, and then in a more, subdued tone observed that he ihought this court was opeu toalL. Tof C~sipasri saidthat, having referred to the officer fthe court, he $nd the rule was as he had stated. The much chagrined ahssudden discomkfituire.- -I - BAIL COURT (Sittings inBarwo before Mr. JuWtti Coxnnxst) This being the first day of Easter Term, the Court did not sit until 2 o'Cock. n- BE' :LN A.=OR1|IE. - Mr. 1.L CnArEBS moved for a rule calling upon an attorney, whose name heobl&d not mention, to show causo why he should not pay over-4I942. sd. to the executors of John White, and why he should not answer the matters in the affidavit. It ippeared thit-the gentleman agamAst whom he moved was concerned$or theexecutors, as their attorney, in winding up the affairs: of J6hn Vhite. He informed them that a sum of money was required for the payment of legacy duty, and on the r3d of October, 1554, that money was paid to him for that purpose. In July, 1855, the exet catorm ascertained that the money had not been paid over, and they required from him some explanation on the subject. The attorney muade various excuses; but, the money note havngbeenpaidover, the parties were compelled to come to the Court for this rule.* Rule granted,
COTIRT OF CO r%AO PT..A<R .- A__c x 1.x (Sittings in Banco, Easter Term, before Lord Chief Justice ERVIS and Justices CREsswivu. and CRowDER.) This being the first day of Easter Term, their Loroships took their seats on the bench at 2 o'clock. At the sitting of the Court Mr. Selyn, Q.C., and Mr Cairns, Q.C., were called withinthe bar bythe Lord Chief Justice, Her Majesty having conferred npon them the rank of Queen's Counsel. :HUDSON AND OTHERS V. CLESENTSON AND ANOTHER. This was an action on a charter-party, tried at Iiverpool before Mr. Baron Martin, when the verdict was entered for the plaintiff by his Lordship's direction. Mr. TEm'PLE, Q.C. (with wh.om was Mr. dall), now moved to set aside the verdict, on the grounds of misdirection and the improper rejection of evidence. The learned counsel stated that the action was brought by the plaintiffs, as owners of the ship Forerunner, for breaches of a charter-party. The declaration alleged that the plaintiffs and defendants agreed by charter-party in July, 855, that the ship Forerunner should, with al possible despatch, load a full and complete cargo of coke, and then proceed to Carthagena, and that the vessel should be loaded in regular turn. The declaration then alleged that the vessel was in the dock, at Sunderland, ready to be loaded in regular turn on the 5th of July, and that, although the defendants could then have loaded her in regular turn, they had neglected so to do. To prove that she was not loaded in regular turn the dock-master was caled, and produced a book, which he called the "dock turnocok," which, however, was not kept by him, and it turned out to be inadmissible in evidence, and that the turn-book was kept by the coke-mnanufacturers; and a Mr. Snowball, who kept the book, stated, ian cross-examination, that the vessel was loaded in her regular turn. For the defendants it was proposed to prove that the vessel was entered in the regular turn- Dook, that the practice was to load thevessels in their regular turn in the order in which they were entered in the turn-book, and that the vessel was loaded with all possible despatch. His Lordship sa id he should reject the evidence, and directed a verdict for the plaintiff. The Cnler JUSTICE.-TheO whole evidence? Mr. TxanPLx.-The whole evidence. The learned counsel then referred to " Iideman v. Shultz," 23 L. J., C. P., 17, and to "Harris v. Dreesman," 23 L. J., Each., 210, as having decided the queEtion as to the admissibility of evidence as to the custom of a port, and also contended that even on the plaintiff's evidence the defendant was entitled to a verdict.-Rule suisi granted.
COTTRT OF 'EF1CF.OrRTF:RT 'rPnonA APbm 1 This was the first day of Easter Term, ana, in pursuance of the ancient practice, which has been laudably revived by the Lord Chancellor, the Judges met this morning at the residence of his Lordship, and thence repaired to their respective courts, which were opened for the despatch of business at half-past 1 o'clock. BROWN V. BATCHELOR. . Mr. WHAiTELY moved to enter a verdict for the defendant in this case, by leave of Mr. Bramwell, who presided at the trial at Worcester, or for a new trial, on the ground of the rejection of evidence. This was an action on a gnarantee, and the first question raised by the learned counsel turned, on the construction of the documnent, the learned Judge having held that it applied to future dealings with the pncipal as well as to past, and the second branch of the rule was founded on the rejection of parol evidence tendered to show that the intention of the parties at the timne the guarantee was given was that it should have the application contended for by the defendant. The COURT took time to consider whether they should grant a rule on either ground. GUADLAIYO V. BROWN. This was a rule to set aside an award. Mfr. PsTERSDORFr, in showing cause, objected that the application was too late, inasmnuch as the rule was moved for on the 19th of January last, while the award had been published in July last year-an objection which, he apprehended, would apply to the present case, though the submission was not under the statute. Mir. WATsoN and Mr. JoYcE being called on to answer this preliminary point, referred to the affidavits of the plaintiff and his medical adlvisers, from which it appeared that he had been seriously indisposed during the whole of Michaelnas Term, and had been inxterdicted from attending to business. This state of things operated to delay and excuse the omission to apply in Michaehnas Term, and, as there was no statutable obligation to move within the term after this award had been published, the only question was whether the plaintiff had not given a sufficient excuse for the delay, and this, it was contended, he had done. The COURT, however, unanimously held that the objection had not received any satisfactory explanation. It was quite open to the plaintiff to obtain the leave of the Court to defer his applieation without going into the details of the case, and a simple affidavit would have answered that purpose. The rule which required that such applications as the present should beTmadeawithin the term next after the making of thet awarid was asaolrutiasry onbe,and, as the plantff adnotexuse hmsef or tsnonobervance, the rule must be discharged, and (as we understood) with costs. Rule discharged accordingly.
COURT OF BANRUPTCY, Banghal-stre April 15. IN RE C. JElS.RTFq. (Bore f isr. EVANS.) 'ihe bankrupt was a merchant in Union-counA Old Broadstreet, trading as Jefferies, Pearce, and Co. This was a meeting for the proof of debts. Mr. Linklater appeared for the assignees,; r. Chidley for Messrs. Allcock, of Bnrslem, in support of a proof for 5021., which was admnitted. There were several unopposed certficate meetings. John Virtue, carpenter, of 58, Newman-street, was awarded an immediate certificate of the first class; and J. Mitchell, analytical chymist, Sun-street, Bishopsgate, a certificate of the second class. (Before ll-r. Commissioner HoLRoYh.) IN RE E. ELLIS. The banul,pt was the pro p Aetor of the London Coffeehouse Hotel, Ludgate-hili. H9is application for a cericate was supported by Mr. H. W. Vallance, and unopposed by Mr. Murray for the assignees. It appeared that the bankrupt had in 1853 a capital of between 3,000?. and4,0001.,which heexpendedineffectingimprovenments upon the hotel, and it was submitted that the case was one of unavoidable loss and misfortune. The estate would pay about 9s. in the pound. His E[ONOUR said he should have been glad if he could have granted a first-class certificate. The only circumstance that cansed him to grant the certificate as of the second was that the expenditure had so greatly exceeded the profits.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, Apr2Z 15. IT BE WiILLA H. WHALS. (Before .r2. Commis'sioner MmRPipy.) 'ms insolvent, an attorney, in Worship-street, was opposed by Mr. Reed, for Mr. George Dougal, an auctioneer, in the Westminster-road. The complaint was that a debt of 501. had been incurred by fraud with the opposing creditor. It appeared that Mr. Dougal was employed as auctioneer to sell some property at Reigate, claimed by an infant client of the insolvent. Mr. Dougal received a deposit of 501., which he was induced to hand over to the insolvent, who assured him that a good title could be made to the property, and he gave him an acknowledgment for the money. The title turned out not to be marketable, and Mr. Dougal was sued for the deposit, and had to refund the money. Besides losing his 501. he had been put to expense, and was a creditor to some extent. The lnsolvent was heard on a former occasion, and the case stood over for the attendance of Mr. Moss, another attorney, who was examined, and who was concerned for parties in respect to the property in question. It was alleged by the insolvent that he had laid out the money for the benefit of his client, and that the deposit could be raised on the property. Mr. Commissioner MuRrray told the insolvent that the case had better be adjourned, to raise the money to pay Mr. Dougal, for he could tell him that, in his opinion, it was a clear case of fraud on that creditor. The insolvent said the money could be raised, but he would take the judgment of the Court at once. His Ho\ouR then adverted to the circumstances under which the insolvent had obtained the 501. deposit of the auctioneer. It was one of the grossest cases that had ever come before him, and the insolvent being a professional man only made the case worse. He had by fraud and chicane got the 501. which was deposited with the auctioneer. The profession of an attorney was an honourable one, but there were characters in it which brought disgrace upon it, and, in his opinion, the insolvent was one of the " black sheep" of tha law. It was a gross case of fraud, and the judgment would be 11 calendar months from the date of the vesting order, the 5th of Marchl. When the insolvent heard the judgment he was to receive he refused to sign his schedule. The learned CONniissio.NxR told him he would go back to prison, and when he repented he would come up; but he could'assure himthat not one daywould be consideredas long as he declined to execute his schedule. The insolvent said it was an unjust and iniquitous decision. He consented, however, to sign the schedule. The COURT pronounced the judgment of U1 months for fraud, and the insolvent went back to Whiteeross-street ppnson. IN RE JAMES ISHR. This insolvent, a cab-owner in Boston-place,Dorset-square, was further heard. MIr. Reed opposed, and Mr. Dowse supported. The insolvent alleged that he sold hisNbusiness to his son- in-law, George Whealer, a whitesmith. worldng in Oxfordstreet, for76b. On a former day,Wheeler swore ,he drew 53. out of the Xaddington Savings-banktowrards p ain .the; money. To-day n'gentleiian. fr'bm the- bank. proved ;tha they never had such an account. Wheeler noi said'.he, was so "confused" he did n6tknow ,Vhaiat he had sal'' Mr,3 REED asked the Courtito order ;in i4dictu3ent, J ciapowered by a recent act.,, Pis HoNOwre said he wouldl cnsilt the Attorney-Gen'ral before he ordered the indictmene. ge had never seen puch a case; and all he could do at 'present ,vwaas to dismiss the schedule. The schedule was accordingly dismissed. ,
M a IDDLESEX SESIt OzrS, sday, AprX 15. (Beforc Mr. PAsMEY, A., s assiJntoudg) -libeth Jackson,' A was indicted for stealing t*o coats and other' articles, val 3. WlOs., the property of Thomas Gunnell. She pleaded "G uilty.- The AsssT-AXTJuDGE, having perosed the depositions,; said it appeared thattheprisoner was discharged from the Westminster House of Coirectioi one morning a. half-past 9 o'clock, and atfll the saraemorming the comnuutted this theft in Rathbone.place, so thatshe could nothavelostmuch time. She had been previo'usly convicted, and he should now sentence her to four years' penal servitude. - Magaret Grey, 32, wvas indicted for stealing a cotton dress, value 3s. 6L, the property of Matthew Hevwitt. She had been threetimes convictd; once she had three monthe? once six months!, and once 12 months' imprisonment. ,- T.hte ASSISTA TJOlGz sentenced her. to four jears' penal Eliza Sealey, 26, and Sisan Muir, 19, were indicted for stealing a coat, a pair of trousers, a pair of boots, and other articles, the property of ;Renry Nixon, the master of Sealey. The latter prisoner pleaded " Guilty." Thejprosecntor was a builder, residing inAcacia-road, and the.prisoner Sealey was his servant. She had been -in the habit of taldng his clothes and pawning them, the other frisoner, who was a charwoman aiding and assistn her in go doing. She told the pawnbroker that the artcles belongedtohermaster, a captain who wasgoingoutto the Crimea, and who, haviig no further use for them, had aUowed her to have them as perquisites. The clothes were nmssed, and the duplicates foundin Sealey'sbox. Muir assured the jury that she had acted innocently in the matter at the request of Sealey The jury found her Guilty, but recommended her to mercy, on the ground that she had been led into the theft by t,he other prisoner. The ASSISTAXY-JUDGE sentenced Sealey to six, and Muir to three months' hard labour. rM. RnBTow com,ilained that a case in which he was instructed for the prisoner had been taken late on Monday afternoon, after he had left the court, without anyintimation havng2 been given of any departulre from the usual rnle of ro! defended case being taken after 3 o'calocL. The AssISTAxT-JU7DE said he regretted that any incon- venience should occur, but it wras desirable that as manyX cases as possible should be taken on Monday, and early in the day it was stated that for that purpose the Court would sit later than usual. Mfr. RIBTOX said such had not been understood. (Be,fore Afr. CREAsy.) Joseph Constant Solomon, 40, described as a solicitor was indicted for having, on the 15t.h of March, obtained from Augustus Rainham the sum of 7s. 6d. by means of false pretences, with intent to cheat him of the same. Mr. Caarteen appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Parry for the prisoner. The prosecutor, an interpreter, living in Warwick-street, Regent-street, had known the prisoner some years as an attorney, and, meeting him one day in M1arch in Leicestersquare, he (prisoner) said his friends had taken out his certificate for him, and asked if he could give him a case. He gave him his address, and told him to call next day, which he did, and he then introduced him to aMadame Reiman, with whom he had been living, to bring an action of trover for her against a person named Higga. Be took the instructions, and asked for and received moneyfor the'issuing and service of the wvrit andsubsequentlyfor subpenas for the ritnesses. The solicitor for the defendant m the action took out a s&mmons at Judge's Chaibers, to show cause why the proceedings should not be stayed,- alleging that the person conducting the proceedings for the plaintiff was not a duly qualified solicitor, that person being the prisoner. The prisoner admitted before Mr. Justice Croinpton that he had not his certificate, and an order staying the proceedings vas made. It appeared that the Prisoner had applied the money to payment of charges connected with the suit, and the false pretence charged against him was the representationthat he was then a certificated attorney. *Mr. PARRz submitted that there was no case made out requiring him to address the jury, as assuredly no intent to defraud had been proved. The jury signified their opinion to the same effect. Mr. CREAsY agreed with the jury, and a verdict of .Not Guilty was returned. Joseph Blackman, 20, a barber, was indicted for stealing from the person of William Smith, a watch, value 20s., his roperty. The prosecutor was a private in the Grenadier Guards, wearing on his breast the Crimean medal, with four clasps. On the evening of the 22d of March he was passing with his wife along Victoria-street, and, seeing a mob collected hestopped to learnwhatwasthecauseof it. HIe immediately felt a hand at his watch pocket, and, turning sharply round, he saw the prisoner take his hand away, and his wife saw the guard drop Irom his hand. The watch was gone, and, the prisoner rushed in among the crowd. but the prosecutor followed and captured him. When in custody ho said they might search as long as they liked,, but it wYould be al in vain. When the case was before the magistrate some of the prisoner's acquaintances outside the court offered piosecutor S0s.to compensate him for his loss. The jury found him Guittu, and it was proved by the police that he was not oniy athief himself, but a trainer of young thieves. Mrr. CREASY sentenced himn to four years' penal servitude.
POLICE. ANS5NolR-HOUSE.-Mrs. Mary Eliza WNair was brought before the LoRD MAYoR in the custodyof Daniel Forrester charged with having obtained asum of money from the lion. East India Company by false and fraudulent protences, with intent to defraud and cheat the company. The solicitor to the East India Company attended for the prose. cution; a solicitor appeared for the defence. The solicitor for the prosecutlon said the defendant had been entitled to a considerable pension as the w idow of Captain A'Nair, who died some years ago while in the service of the East India Company. The pension was granted upon the usual condition of forfeiture if the lady should take another husband; and it would be proved that ten years ago she had changed her condition, and taken to herself a helpmate, notwithstanding which she regularly made a declaration that she remained a widow, and regularly pocketed the pension, to mak-e amends for the forlorn state which she asserted it never was her intention to alter. The following is the substance of the evidence - Mr. C. A. J. Mason, clerk in the Militarv Department of the East India Company at the India-house, said-One Archibald M'Nair was in his lifetime in the service of the East India Company as a captain in the 19th Regiment of MtadraslNativelnfantry. UponthedeceaseofCaptainlrNair whichIbelievetookplaceaboutJuly, lS,MarysElizanNuafr, his widow,was admitted a Pensioner upon Lord Clive's fund. snd she thereupon became entitled, so long as she continued the widow of the captain and unmarried, to receive an aannarlpension, by qluarterly instalments, upon delivering to the Mlilitary Department at the time of demanding Payment a declaration or statement in writing sigued by her, to the effect that she had not contracted marriage with an other person since the death of Captain MNair. Since the year 1839 that pension has, I believe, been regularly paid to a person who has represented herself to be the widow MNair. On the 5th of April last a woman, whose name from information which I have received I believe to be Mary Eliza Miniken, but who told me her name was Mary Eliza WMNair, called at the Mfilitary Department at the India-house and produced a declaration, dlemanding at the same time payment of a quarter's instalment of the pension to which she would have been entitled as a wvidowv and unmarried. I examined the declaration, and asked the lady whether she was the person alluded to in it, to which she replied at once that she was. I believed the statement in the declaration to be correct, and I filled up the pirinted form, directing the cashier to issue a warrant for the payment of the amount. I then handed to her the authority, and I kept the declaration. The LORD MAYOR.-Do you know the lady ? Witness.-I do; that is her sitting at the bar. The LORD MA,,yoR.-Would you have delivered to her the printed form for the money if you had knowvn that she had married since the death of Captain MINair? Witness.-Certainly not. Mr. E. R. C. Brown, of the cashier's department of the inndla-house, said that on the 5th of April a woman came to bim and produced the form alluded to, and asked for payment of the amount. He handed her the warrant in the name of Mary Eliza Ml'Nair. and she endorsed it in his presence, and the check was paid by the bank. Mr. Hayward, clerk to Messrs. Grindlay and Co., of CornhilL army agents, said.-LTy employers are agents of the Madras Military Fund. Early in the present month a woman, whose name I believe to be Mlary Eliza Miniken, but who represented herself to be Mary Eliza M'Nair, and widow of Archibald MUNair, called at the office on the subject of a pension which she claimed. I heard one of the partners tell her tbattherewererumoursthatshehadmarried again, and that unless she could make affidavit that she had not married again the pension would not be paid to her. She made no reply, and the necessary certificate was refused. I subsequently went and inspected the registry of the church of St. Mary, Bow, and I found an entry of the marriage of M'Nair, widow, in 1846. I beleve the defendant to be the person mentioned in that entry, which describes her as having been married to Mr. Miniken. The solicitor foi the prosecution requested that his Lordship would remnand the defendant, but expressed no objectin. to accept good bail for the lady's appearance on a future dlay. The solicitor for the defence hoped the bail required would be of moderate amount. TI he Thnn M±xon.-I shall be satisfied with two sureties to the amnount of 1001. I supposethe lady's husband ca. come forward and bail her w ithout difficulty ? (A laugh) The iSolicitor for the Defence.-Onr defence is that she; has no husband. the case was then remanded. GUIuDLLm.-lIreary Edwards, the landlord of the Blue Posts, 7, Holborn-bars, was placed at the bar before Alderman CARTER, charged with receiving a quantity of stolen goods, well enowing the same to be stolen. Mr. Lewis defended the prisoner. William Shaw, 224. said,-Yesterdaynorniing from information he received he went with 3Mr. Legg and Mrs. Weller to the Blue Posts pubhichouse. They went in andl he remained outside for about an hour, when they returned ' to him with samples of siLk twist and giradles and a re-I ceipt for ol., which d egx had paid to the prisoner as a t deposit for a quantity of silk goods. He went again between 4 and 5 o'cock in the evening with Legg and some brother officers. They went in and he remaned outside until he saw the prisoner enter the house in company of Mfoss An& Mollineux, two of the city police officers. IHe followed them into the house, and. in the parlaur the prisoner said, "You have got me into- a pretty mess, Mr. Legg" Moss then asked him where .the, rstof the goods rere, and he said - they were not, iji -the h6nse. Moliineux aiked him a second ,time There the rest of the gxoods were that he: gaye a sample of that morn. ang; aind he said they were,irotin the house. The ri siner then sied they sere somewhere ^ r John-street, db i f the officers vocld gve htmt one hP:r he would- get them forthem. trEoffer off e it n duering the conAverftloa,udnd outs "iThe boodseeroo 'ga'e the prisoner intd custodyr . ditnessnd. o,lineux then,took b be prisoner ft Itaethie the first foor fro,nt roome, widch was the isoner's edroom;c and insome drawerfstdere wass-;-bunch of -keys, whichlie struggled to get possession of.-He succeeded, and was in the act o attempt;ing .to take oe .of them off the ring, when they Were taken from hia-byiwitness. The key he wase attemoting to. get off belonged to f cheat on .the landig obtamdeathe bed the prisoner aid there wtas orly bed linen in ita .n t tat at hest hec found the. wititng. deslc produced. H!e asked the prisoner for the 5il.note that was paid as udepostt on the,-goods by Mr. Legs .that morning) and he gae him the note produiced, which fad on the 1iacJ of it r. Teggs ttame iad ahdress2 h e took himinto cus tody, and on seseing hi. at the station-house 'he foind on him awatch, chai, -l{. 13s.Sd -Liu- montey, a -Bunch of -keys, and ethter triflng articles. . - In cross-exa,mination byaMr. hewis, he:said the nrisonem told the officer that the goois were left st his house' forsale bya man named WIlson. H 'e ;said thatihe had; boughtt the Writic ndesk, andthat he t totldhgivethebtmanyhi riot it take it-downstairs. -He then said. "ForGod's sake,don't take it away," At that time he had customers in the house J4ownstairs;- At; the time-he madetihe observationt;oLIA i,t ws in the presence of all the officers, and he lcnew them to be police-officers. WVhen as;ked for the note, lie said- hie did not ssee why hie shouli give it to thenm, but directly after he said it did not matter, and he would. George lMollineux, 293, said he met the prisoner in company with Moss between 4 and 5 o'clock yesterday evening in Castle-street, Holborn. moss spoke to him, and asked him whether he had any silk in his premaise. Witness told him he had sold some that morning, and he said, " Yes it waonly asainple that he had had lefthimbyaman.} He ask-ed him two' or three times vhether he had a isfilk inhis. house, and he said "lNo. eH toldhimtiemust earch his place, and they returned to the house. Behind the bar he fonnd the , carpetbag produced, and asked the prisoner what it contained, and he said, "Silk." It was locked, boutat the sitation the lock was forced,, and on examination it was found to contain 14 parcels of black silk twist, 41b. of Naples cord, 4 reels of blue gimp, 30 reels of black sewing-sllk, 4 reels of black train-silk, 3 parcels -of silk, 1 gross of black cord, 1 reel of loop cord, and a small parcel of brown twist. In the back ldtchen he saw theb6x produced, with the address of "Smith and Co., East Indiaroad, Hertford," on it. He asked him what was in it, and he said, " Silk." He then proceeded to the bar-parlonr, and from a corner of the room, covered with clothes, the prisoner produced the second vriting-case. On examining the box found in the kitchen it contained 50 dozen of silk tassels, 13 dozen of French girdles, 22 dozen of black bullion girdles, 2 dozen of silkgirdles, 1 dozen of boys' girdles, 26 gross of blu e gimp, 27 gross of black gimp, 1 gross of welting cord, and 6 largoe reels of black gimnp. This witness then corroborated the evidence relative to the search in the frisoner's bed-room. - Mr. Lewis cross-examined the witness with a view of sbowing that the prisoner had all along stated that he was elling the goods for aman named Wilson. - John Moss, .225, detailed the evidence of the last witness on meeting the prisoner in Castle-street. He then said to him, "Mr. Edwards, I believe you sold some silk girdles andlother articles this morning ?' and he said, " Yes." He then said, ` Have you any other articles of that description in your house?' and he said, " No, I have not." Witness said, " You had better be cautious ; if you have you had better say so;" and he said "'No; I have not. I had the bulk of the goods at my house some few days ago, but they -have since been taken away by the nnn who left them." He then said the man's name -was Wilson, but that he did not know where he lived. He could meet *ith hin at A publichouse in St. John-street. They then went- to the Blue Posts, and again he denied that he had any more silk in the house. - A similar course of cross-examination was pursued with this witness. - Thonmas Sutton, a cashmere hoodmaker, of 16, Upper Rosamon-street, said that on last Thursday week the prisoner Asked him if he knew anybody who would buy some silk goods that had been left at lis house for sale, and in consequence he tcok fMr. Legg there to see them. They went ante the public parlour, 'and the prisoner brought in somne samples, which lFegg examned. Edwards put a price on them, hut Legg thought it too high, and offered him 80L. for the whole lot, which he refused, saying they were worth more. There were twro other lersons in the parlour at the time the silk was exhibite, 'and there was a doubt as to whether some of it was Naples cord or twist, and they went into the bar parlour, and examined it again. Legg left, taking about half a yard of the silk with him, to see if it was Naples cord or twist. Yesterday afternoon he saw the prisoner in Brook-street, Holborn, and asked about the silk, when he informed him that Legg had bought it, and paid 51. deposit for it. They -went to the Golden Anchor and had some beer, when Mrs Eastwood informed him that there had been some police inspectors with Legg inqui-ing for him (Sutton). He turned round to Edwarcs and said, "What is up now?' and he replied that it was all right; that he had nothia' to fear for he had it to sell for another party. Mr. Lewis cross-examined this witness at some length, to show that the prisoner made no secret of having the silk, and exhibited it in the most open manner before strangers, and also to show that he always professed to have it for sale for somebody else. Thomas Legg, a trimming manufacturer, of No. 121, St. George's-street, corroborated the statement of the last witness so far as regarded the interview between himself and the prisoner, and added that he went on another occasion byhimself to the prisoner and ask-ed him if he would let him have a sample to give to his agent, and that, as they were strangers to each other, he would leave a deposit of a sovereign upon them. He consented, and witness took away the samples. He gave the samples to his agent, who offered them for sale and then made a communication to him. A day or two after he went to the prisoner and said he wouli take the goods if he would invoice them to him; to wMich he replied that it was not likely he was going to invoice another man's goods. He then said, "I must decline the purchase altogether, nnless you invoice them or find some one -who wilL" He was leaving the house, when the prisoner asked for the sample and gave back the sovereign. Yesterday Shaw and his (witness's) agent came to him, and he put himself under their directions. He went to the prisoner's house in company -with Mrs. Weller, who was to represent his wife, and they bought the goods for 25!. and two bottles of wine. He paid a 5!.- note deposit for them. The note produced was the one he paid, and the receipt produced was the one the prisoner gave for the money. He took away a sample, and the prisoner promised to let him have some more in a day or two. Theprisoner gave him the card produced of what he pro. posed to sell him for the 251. It consisted of 231b. of twist, at 1s. per lb.;* 116 dozens of girdles, at s. per dozen 40 reels, at 6d. each; Glb. of ginip, and 21b. of thrum. This witness was also cross-examined to show that everything was done in the most open manner possible, and that there wvas not the slightest attempt at concealment. Jacob Rotter, the prosecutor, proved that his warehouse, No. 7, Ball-court, S;ithfield, had been burglariously entered en the night of the 28th of March, and a large quantity of goods stolfrom it, to the amount of 1501. He identified the siLk goods and the desks as his property, and aspart of the property stolen on that night. Mr. Lewis said this was a case that must go to another tribunal for investigation, but at the same time it was a case of so much doubt that his client ought not to be deprived of his liberty. He therefore hoped the magistrate would accept of good and substantial bail for the prisoner's appearance. Aldermani CARTER said the whole course of the prisoner's conduct was such as to convince him that ho was not new as the receiver of stolen goods, and he should therefore not be doing his duty if he did not commit him for farther examination. He should remand him to a future day. Bow-sTRxET.-Yesterday having been appointed for the final hearing of the case of Mr. Thomas Francis Richards, now a solicitor in Southampton-buildings, but formerly articled clerk to Mr. Eluker, of 10, Symond's-inn, who stands charged with embezzling a sum of 261. 15s. 6d. while in that employ, he attended in discharge of his bail at the hour appointed, 11 o'clock. Mr. Ballantine again appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Hawkins for the defence. Mr. licholson, of Warrington, solicitor, for whose evidence chiefly the case had been adjourned, stated that in August, 1854, one of his clients, Mr. RichardBearchall, was a member of the Oundle Union Brewery Company. That company was wound up, and a call was made of 151. per share, which it was expected would-meet all liabilities. EHe forwarded to Mr. Fluker, who was his agent, a sum of 800!. to paythe call on Mr.Bearchall, sendingthe first halves of the notes on the 28th of Augut and the second halves on the followFing day. On the 7th of Septenaberhe re- ceived a letter (now produced), in the prisoner's handwriting, dated the 6th of September, stating that he had that day paid the money, and enclosing the receipt, but not alluding to any deduction of 261. odd. Witness had never received the letter, nearly to the same effect, but bearing date the 4th of September, of which a stamped copy al peared in Mr. luker's note-book. Hewas awarethat there was a claim existing of 100T. for money advanced by fr. Bearchall to the company, and for interest thereon, but he did not at that time anow exactly how the matter stood. Mr. Fluker, on being recalled, withdrew his statement that he had no knowledge of the existence of a counterclaim at the tinie defendant was instructed to pay the 300!. to the official manager. He had since looked over his correspondence, and found that ho mnust have been aware that such a deduction was to be made, and that it ought to have been made vwhen the Previous call was made. But there was no mention of it in MEr. Nicholson's letter of instructions enclosing the 300!., and at the time he left directions for the payment of that 300!. he had forgotten it. Nor vas be reminded of it until a fresh cal was made, when Mr. Nicholson wrote to him pointing out the hardship of Ir. BearchaU having to pay such calL whereas it had been understood that the cal of September, 1854, was to be the last. In this letter MEr. Nicholson also complained that the interest had not been allowed, and this led him (Mr. Fluker) to make inquiries, from which he found that it had been allowed to Mr. Richards. - Both witnesses were cross-examined by Mr. Hawkins, mainly gpon certain parts of the correspondence. Mr.- Richards was bound over in the same sureties as before-to take his trial at the Westminster Sessions. MAuLBORtOUGHI-STBMr._Toseph Fraser was brought before MIr. BLIGUAN charged with beating his wife. The wife, a poor miserable-looking woman,.with her face hideously bruised and both eyes blackened, said she had been 20 years the defendant's wife and had borne him 12 children. Herhusband had beeninthe habit of beating her for sometimepast, andthe reason was that he wisheclto turn her out, and toeputhi5 and herdaughter, lSyearsof age, iiiher.place, to live with him as his wife. He had turned. her out of doors more than once, and she had beenobliged I to walk the streets all night. On the list occasion-on Sumday night-after having been turned out by her husband, fiding She door open, ihe enteredthe room, and said, " AmIsafe in coming m ? Is ny life in dangerSt' Rer husband then- ros tand began -tobeat her, sying'that -"o policema.n. should stop him or take! him out of-his pilace," The marks of violence-now presented by her -were nfhitedby her husband before she could get out of the house. She had ben.obliged to 'walk the streets all nght. Shewa quite sober,-though--he had-been taldng-past of some bee anIdrik with her husband and his friends-the night when she ws last beaten. She could only Mcoaint for herl husbandis continued ill-usa&e on the' groundof the shanreful cause she had'before mentionued I lfM.z DGH--asked her -if she wished'to -ail her daughtert Thecomplainantsaid, "No as shebelievedherdaughter had come tothe courtt<o- be a withess against her." I r. B3nfr r- decided on having the daughter put iuto the witness-box. - r ; , The daughter, a tall good-looldng young woman, asn thencaUled. She said her3mother came into the roomwhere her father was, and begaA daicing and sinVig about the plac Hermotberwas sober at thattime. Her nothees conduct caused-a good <many words with her father, and then her mother went out and came ix again the wsorse for drink. The quarrel -was renewed by her mother pulling the clothes fron her father as he was asleep in bed. A sciMe-efsuedAnd her motherfell doawn, and; asshebelieved, strick her eye-agaifst-the bedpost. ' Gr:B GHA-DO joumean to tell me, on your o&th, Jthat the blaclkened eyes of your mother were produced by afall igainstthebledpost'? Daughter (looling -at 'her father.)-3y father might have struck her once. - - r fr.'TGHAx;-I have not sat as a magistrate so many years without being able to discover who really isa witnes of trath.' Don'tlookatyourfather, young-womian; attend -to fee;-yon know-vell that your father struck that-woman. Defendint.-Oh; I shall not deny striking her. - -r.-B&Gu A-A (to the girl).-Do you sleep in the same xoom as yourfather? IDaughtbr.-Yes. The defendant, in reply to the chuge, said his vife camehome drunk asnd committed. an indescribable assault on him. 'as he was asleep, and this induced him to strikec her. The wife, in a solemn manner, denied this. Mr. Bni-GHAIM having been informed that a polioe con-- stablecould prove that the woman was drunk at the time, adjourned the case for his attendance. The iwfe, who said she -was turned out of her home, Wa. recommended-to apply for shelter to the workhouse. CLiR,EN-wxL-Henry Mitchell, aged 23, a short thick. set.powerful-looking fellow, described on the police-sheet. as .bricklayer, of N6o. 4, Brill-row, Somers-town, was placed at the bar, on remand, -before Mr. CoRsusm charg. -vith being an escaped convict and illegally at large before the extpiration of his term of imprisonment The particulars of the. former exaination have already appeared, and it w/ill- be recollected that the prisorer, in Icompany with another convrict, named Simpson, m&de their escape from the New Model Prison, Holloway, on the night hf arch, and walked as far aS Camberwell, passing several of the metropolitan police in their way, the unfo used the he different prisons not being known. The evidencetaken onthis occasion was to the effect that -the prisoner was seen safe by Edwa rds, one of the -warders, at 20 mindtes to 9 on the 19th of March, and Sergeant WVhicher, of the detective force, statedth onthe night of the 5th of this -mouth he went to No.4, Brill-row I Somers-town; and ina room on-the tstioorback he appre .hendedthe prisoner, telling him what he took him for. i When the prisoner was being handcuffed he said, " I will - not resist, but if you had come ialone you would have founmd your out," Injstice to the landlord of the house, . wished tostatethat he was not in anyway connected 'with the prisoner, and that he lent the police every asist- nce in effecting the capture Sergeant Payne, of tTe P division, proved taking the pri:sonerand-his companion- into custody forthe offencefor -which they were undergoing punishment at the time of ttheir escape. Mr. Hosking, the governor of the New Model Prison, had in court the copybook in which theprisoner had been txught, from which it appeared that he had been engaed in witing apoemcommencg "Farewell, my friend-adieu !" but he The prisoner, when asked if he had anything to say in his defence, replied that,; nderstanding that one of the aoficers had been discharged or s-supended, he wished to clear the whole of the officsrs, and to state that they had nothing whatever to do with his escape. They were perfectly innocent. .Mr. CoBBIE committed the prisonertoNewgate for triaL TuA3mbS.A donation of 57, for the poor-box, from "T TN.," has been received by Mr. YARDLEY, with are. quest that it should be acknowledged in The !Thncs.
MWEETING OF CONVOCATION. Yesterday morning the preIates and clergy of the province of Canterbury assembled at Wedtminster for the despogh of business, and in each house there was a large. attelf&ace, it being known that several matters of importance to the church would be sabmitted for discussion. THE UPPER HOUSE. The Upper House assembled in Queen Anne's Bountyeffice, Dean's-yard; his Grace the Archbishop, the President, in the chair. There were also present the Bishops of *Winchester, Exeter, Oxford, St. Asaph, Lichfield, Llandafi', Chichester, Worcester, and St. David's. Dr. Travers Twiss, th Vicar-General of the province. hr. Felix Knyvett, secretary to the Archbishop, and Apparitor-General, and Mr. Watts, were in attendance, The Psionocus'.P of the L ower House (Dr. Peacock, Dean of Ely) brought up and presented a report, drawn up by a committee appointed at the last meetng of Convocation, on the state of the law affecting the discipline of the clergy. The material portions of this document are given in our report of the proceedings in the Lower House. The Bishop of E.xErrse said, he did not wish at present to express a positive opinion upon the document; but he wished fora moment to mention a scruple in his mind upon the subject. He believed that a bill for this purpose was at present before Parliament, and he did not know how far Convocation v-as justified in taking up the question, so Ion as the bill was pending. Their Lorshps had a right-an perhaps it ws their duty-to address l'arliament upon the ubject; but he thought it wvould he well to move the pre-vinus question, so that they might consider whether the report should be considered or not. The Abclre:isseo thought the report might be laid upon The Bishop of EXELTER thought, if they considered the question at all, they should consider it with a view of advising Parliament upon it. If that power were not conceded to them, he did not know what was the use of the existence of Convocation at all. The Bishop of OXFKORD thought that the original idea was, when the committee was appointed, that the Lower House shouldltake the matter into consideration, and report upon itto their Lordships' house.- The bishops hadfree and full opportunity to express their views upon such matters in Parliament; but for the clergy there was no opportunity of expressing their views except in the Lower House of Convocation. No doubt it was very desirable for the lower House of Convocation fully to consider the subject. He should be very sorry to give an immediate opinion upon the report, for his present imnpression of it from a first reading ws, that he di'dered from it in, almost every particular. Ie thought it might be sent down to the Lower House for reconsideration, with a particular request that the clergy ould defer the consideration of that part of it which interfered with the final appeal to the Archbishop. He would move the following resolution " That it be communicated to the Lower House that, in desiring them to take into their consideration the report of the comumittee on discipline, the House acquaints the lower House that they cannot consent to any provision superseding the appeal to the Axchbishop of the province." The Archbishop of CA,rsi'scRY thought it would be better that the Lower House should be dlirected to reconsider the reports, and to postpone the consideration of the question of final ap peal until they had had further communication with the Upper House. After some further discussion this course was agreed to, und communicated to the Prolocutor and his Assessors, who were summoned to the Upper House for that purpose. Dr. T. Twiss reported that at the last meeting of Convocation a petition was presented from the Archdeacon of Westminster, praying that he migltbe sumrnoned to Convocation, in the same manner that other archdeacos were summoned. He had found that the last occasion on which an Archdeacon of Westminster had been summoned to Convocation was in 1807, and that, prior to that, there was no return since 1769. In 1807 the dean and the proctor for the chapter were the only two persons connected with the abbeywhohadbeen recommended. He had made inquiries of the registrar, and could not ascertain why the name of the Archdeacon of Westminster had been omitted. The Bichop of OXFORD thought it must have slipped out by accident, and le would move that the archbishop do issue his mandate to the dean of the province to summon the archdeacon upon future occasions. The motion was seconded by the Bishop of EXETER, and Mnanimously agreed to. The Bishop of ExETnR presented a petition from the members of the Tithe Redemption Trust, praying that Con-vocation would devtqe some means for the restoration of tithes to the church, so that adequate provision might be made for the maintenance of the Christian ministers. In moving that this petition be laid upon the table, he did not wish their Lordships to take it into consideration then; at the same time he begged to say that he felt deep sympathy with its prayer The Bisshop of LICHiFIELD presented from nine clergymen of his diocess, being masters of schools and licensed curates, a petition, praying that they might be allowed to vote in the election of proctors for Convocation. The rev, prelate also presented a petition from certain clergy and laymen ofthe churchofEngland,prayingthat the two Houses of Convocation would consider and advise such measures as to them might seem most expedient for bringing about a restoration of the Wesleyan Miethodists to the communion of the church of England. He added, in reply to questions from the Bishops of Worcester and Exeter, that the petitioil was not signed by Weslcyans, but by clergymen and laymen of the highest respectability in the church. It was not from his own diocess, but was intrusted to him bythe Rev. Ernest Han-kins, secretary for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts; and in asking to lay the petition upon the table he begged to express his heartv sympathy with those who had prepared it. The Bishop of ST. DAvI-D's said, it was not his intention to oPpose the petition lying on the table, but he must be a'd.oed to say, that it WaP an extraordinary petition to proceed from clergymen of the church of England. If such things as those set out in the petition were wanted, for God's sake let them be done; but let it be at the same time distinctly understood, that they were done because the church thought them necessary and right, and not because such serious defects existed in the church as the petitioners alleged. He did not think there was the slightest ground for the insinuations contained in the petition. He did not believe there was any ground for saying, that the bishops of the English church were careless about admitting caudidates for holy orders into the ministry of the church. (Hfear, hear.) These things he thought might safely he left to the judgment and intelligence of each bishop, and he should protest against the reception of such a position which he could not help looking upon as insulting to the ep iscopal bench. He did not think that three years' testimonial Was5 necessary, as the petitioners alleged. Hfe had heard from the Bishop of London that his Lordship had admitted a Wesleyan into holy orders without the three years' testimonial, and his Lordship stated at the same time that he was not aware that there was such a law in ex- istence. The Archbishop of C rssrxunnn said, it probably arose from the fact that a three years' testimonial was usually required prior to admission into holy orders. The Bishop of St. D AVin'S said, as to giving permission to Wesleyans coming into the church to hold their class meetings and to carr-y on similar proceedings, he thought it Was of no matenisl importance; h ut he thought it was of the highest possible importance that they should repel those unjust insinuations of the petitioners, that there were glaring defects in the church, and that itwas only on account of the desie to attract strangers to the church that it proposed to remove those abuses. (Hear, hear.) The Bishop of LICItFIELD thought that the petitioners were not open to the objections which had been urged !agust them by the right rev, prelate wvho bad just sat down. They were not stating their own convictions, but merely affirming that such impressions prevailed on thie part of the Weslrey.sns. The Bishop of Sr. DASVID'S said, no doubt it would be very desirable to remove those erroneous impressions, hut the petitioners had taken an extraordinary course to accomplish that object. The Bishop of EXFrER said, he wvas neither officially nor rpersonally acquainted vwith what *Vesley.an clasis meetings were, andl whether or not, therefore, they could he admnitted in the church. Ir was not right that their lordships should he called to decide npon such miatters in the dark. He thought that the WVesleyans-regarding that body as the immediate follow ers of John WVesley-were a body wvhom they ought to see brought hack into the church of England, for they were driven out of the pale of the church by a state of thingts which all members of that church must deeply deplore. A system at that time unhappily prevailed which had gone on increasing, and lie had regarded the progress of Wesieyanism as a proof of the extreme danger of the sin of schism. People who committed themselves to it did not know, nor could they form an idea, to what length they might be carried. It had been considered as a matter of course in ecclesiasticaul history that schism led to heresy, and that such had particularly bceenl the cAase in England. *Whlle he (the Bishop of Exeter) deplored the schism of John WVesley and deeply sympathlized w ith hsis followvers, he w-ould heartily rejoice if he could believe that they w,ere anxious to join the communion of the church; but he did not think it wa^s a becoaming course for the church to go beggingto these people, imploring them to come in, upon the plea that hitherto the church had been in the habit of badmittinSA1 peAAn -L_ ofimoalhar,acter into the minstr 01th chrch ad tat ow t as repre rminstry of the church, ancl that now it wvas prepared to admit a reform in her system. As far as he was concerned, he was always very particular in putting most rigid questions to candidates for holy orders, inanticipation of those which wvere put to them at the time of their ordination, and he endeavouired to exclude from the ministry all who were not actuated by such motives as the Prayer-book cleaily supposed. TheWesleyans exercised the ministry on terms wvhich contradicted the articles of the church. They called themselves a church, and thus put themselves out of conmmnunion with the church of England. They were ipso facto excommunicated, and, when they became alive to their state, he hoped the church would not ask anything from them but a Christian acknowledgnent that they had been in error and that they sought to We delivered from it. He thought the church should be -very cautious how they invited such persons until they indicated by their own aceord a sense of the sin of schism into which they had hitherto been plunged. The Bishop of ST. D,Av'Ss said, he thou-ht that all the doubts and insinuations expressed in the etition in reference to the church were not those of the Wesloyans, but of the petitioners themselves, and he hardly thought it was consistent wvith the dignity of that House to receive such a petition. It was a calumny upon the bishops to say that they had neglected the duty imposed upon thema in the ordination of candidates for admission into the ministry. The Bishop of Licen-ELD still disputed the construction the right rev. prelate had put upon the motion of the petitioners. TheBishop of ST. DAvmDS explained that he acquitted the petitioners of any disrespectful intentions, but still the charges made were disrespectful in themselves and tended very seriously to disparage the administration of the churcb. l,e should not oppose the motion that the uetition be allowed io lie upon the table. because he believed that any harm which might have arisen from this petition -would be obviated by the conversation that had taken place. The petition was then ordered to lie on the table. At this stage of. the proceedings, The Prolocutor was again summoned, and informed that the Lower House might proceed to a consideration of the whole of the report on church discipline, including that portion of it which related to the question of appeaLr The communication relative to the Eastern curch (for, which see report of Lower House), was read. The Bishop of St. DAvrns and the Bishop of WoRCESTsR concurred in thinldng that the present was not a proper time to press such a subject with any hope of success. After some further conversation the House adjourned. THE LOWERt HOUSE. The members of the Lower Hquse assembled in considerable numbers in Jhe Jerusalem Chamber, at li o'clock, and, prayer over, proceeded to the business of the day, under the presidency of the Dean of Ely, the Prolocutor. Among the members present were the Deans of Norwich, Bristol, Salisbury, and Worcester, and the Archdeacons of Taunton, Maidstono, Lowes, Barnstaple, Bristol, Hereford, Stafford, Nottingham, Norfolk, Oxford. Berkcs, Buckingham, St. Alban's, and Sarum ; Dr. Jelf, Princpal of Rin es College; the Rev. Canon Wordsworth; the Rev. F. 0. Massingberd, proctor for the diocess of Lincoln ; Chancellor Martin ; tne Rev. J. V. Vincent, proctor of Bangor- the Rev. Dr. Hussey, the Hon. and Rev. Samuel Best, the ilev. Lord Saye and Sele, canon of Hereford; the Rev. G. P. Lowther, prebendary of Saramu Dr. M'Caul, prebendary of St. Paulds; and the l1ev. T. Mills, proctor of Suffolk. The Prolocutor appointed as his assessors the Deans of Norwich, Bristol, and Worcester, Chancellor Martin, and the Archdeacon of St. Alban's; Mr. George Burchett, of Doctors' Commons, officiated as actuary. The minutes of the preceding meeting were read and confirmed. DISCIPLNE OF THE CLERGY. The PRonoCUTOR, accompanied by his assessors, proceeded to the Upper House, and presented the report of a committee of the Lower Rouse, consisting of, besides the Prolocutor himself, the Deans of Bristol, St. Paul's, and Salisbury; the Archdeacons of Middlesex, Maidstone, St. Alban's, Coventry, and Salop; Dr. Jelf, Chancellor Martin, the Rev. Mr. Massin-berd, the Rev. G. Gillett, the Rev. J. V.Vincent, Dr. WorJsworth, and the Rev. Mr. Bickersteth, on the state of the law affecting the discipline of the clergy. The report, of which we give the material portions, stated that the committee had endeavoured to su-cest such amendments of the law as they hoped woulr establish a more effectual mode of Drocedure, involving as little of expense and delay as woald be consistent with giving to the Church an efficient authority and control over the conduct of the clergy, with a more available power of removing ministers of immoral and scandalous lives from the administration of the offices of religion, and at the same time securing to the clergy protection against conspiracy and unfounded accusation. Two distinct classes of offences presented themselves for considerationfirst, offences against the laws ecclesiastical, not involving questions concerning the settled doctrine or the ritual or public services of theunited Church of England and Ireland, as by law established; secondly, offences involvilg such questions. For the first cLass of ofiences the committee suggestthatthe preliminary inqury under the present law, which had been julstly described as " savouming too much of an actual trial, without its safe,,uards or conclusion," should be converted into an actua! trial, w.hether proceed ings were instituted by the bishop of is own miotion, or at the instance of any official or other voluntary promoter. They propose that certain commissioners, appointed by the bishop, should form a Court, enpowered to decide on the facts and law of the case; that such Court should sit in some place as near as conveniently might be to the place in which the offence was alleged to have been committed; make to the bishop a report, accompanied by the evidence on which it was founded; and therein recommend such sentence, includin- adjudication of costs, as the Court should think called for by the result of the investigation; it being reserved tothe bishop to pass such sentence, of admonition, censure, suspension, deprivation, or deposition, as the justice of the case should appear to him to demand. Theyrecommend that such cosnussion should consist of the vicar-general or chancellor of the diocess, and of a special comnissary, who should have practised as an advocate in Doctors'-commons not less than seven years, or as a barrister not less than 10 years, together with the archdeacon in whose archdeaconry the offence is to be tried, and not less than four beneficed clergymen, to be selected out of a panel of not less than 12 in each archdeaconry; ard that such panel should be chosen by the clergy assembled at the several places of the archdeacon's visitation. The committee add that they are of opinion that it should be competent to the bishop to include in the commission tw3 laymen, justices of the peace, being members of the Chureh of England. In reference to the second class of offences,-namely, those against the settled doctrine of the United Church of England and Ireland, or involving questions pertaining to ritual or divine service,-the coramittee suggest that these should be heard by the bishop of the diocess in which the clerk accused holds any preferment, or, if he should hold no preferment, by the bishop in whose diocess the offence was alleged to have been committed, unless the bishop so having jurisdiction should think fit to send any such case, in the first instance by letters of request, to the Court of Appeal of the province. That the bishop, in the hearing of suci cases, should be assisted by his vicar-general or chancellor, or by a legal assessor, together with a council, consisting of the dean of the cathedral church, the archdeacons of the diocess, and not less than eight other membels, to be chosen by lot or otherwise, as should seem most expedient,-four from the residentiary chapter, the non-residentiary prebendaries, or honorary canons of the cathedral church, and four from the clergy elected for the courts of commission. That in case the selection should not be by lot the accused should have the right of peremptorily challenging any four of the eight members so firstly chosen. They also suggest that it would be desirable in all cases that there should be a right of one appeal only, such appeal being from the definitive sentence, or any interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive sentence, on questions of law, or on amoult of punishment- but not on questions of fact, imless on certificate from tile court below that it was a fit case for review. That in cases not involving questions concerning doctrine, or the ritual or sen-ice of the church, I the appeal should be to the Queen, and should be heard before the Judicial Cosmmittee of the Privy Council, as constituted by the 3d and 4th of Victoria, cap. 86, which provided that every archbishop and bishop who was a msenmber of the Privy Council should be a member of the Judicial Commrittee for the purpose of such appeal. The PPROLOCUTOR, on his return, stated that Isis Grace the President and their Lordships of tlle Upper House had passed a resohlition to the effect that it be conmunnicated to the Lower House that, in desiring them to take into their consideration the report of the committee on discipline, their Lordships could not conisent to any provision for superseding the appeal in cases not involving questions concerning doctrine or ritual to the metropolitan of the province. It was also the wish of his Grace the President that this House should nowv proceed to the consideration of the report, wNith the exception of the paragraphs relating to the constitntion of the court of final appeal. (A subsequent message from the Upper House requested that this House should proceed with the consideration of the report without any exception.) THIE PROrOSED EN(GLISH CHURCII AT CON'STA?.%TsOPLE. The Rev. Canon WVORDSIwORTu presented the form of a petition, afterwards adopted and numerously signed by members of this House, to the President and their Lordships of the Upper Rouse, in which, after congratulating them on the return of peace, and acknowledging the paternal solcitude of the Archbishop for the spiritual welfare of our fellow-subjects in the East during the late wvar, they expressed their gratitude for the encouragement given by his Grace and some of their Lordships to a pious work now in progress-the erection of ar English church at Constantinople. They hailed that iundertaking as an auspicious event, which promised, with the Divine blessing, to diffiuse the benefits of the Gospel and to promote the peace of Christendom ; and they submitted that for the attaimnent of these ends it might be desirable that the foundation of the proposed church should be accompanied by a communication from this synod expressive of sentimiienits of Christian fellowship to the bishops and clergy of the Eastern Church, and with suclh other demonstrations as in their Lordships' judgment might seem tost conducive to true religiots and Christian unitv, and to represent the Cliuich of England to our Eastern fellow-Christians in her true character, as a pure and apostolic branch of the universal Clurch of Christ. RESTORATION OF DISSENTERS TO THIE CTURCII. Dr. M'CAL p resented a petition from a number of the clergy of London and its suburbs, praying that the Rouse wvould be pleased to consider whet her any means could ho taken which might tend ultbnately to bring about the restoration of the Wesicyan Methodists and other Dissenters to the communion of the Church of E1ngland. ClIURCII-RATES. The PsoLocvoT'. read a report from the Committee of Gravamina w hich stated that they had had repeatedly undertheir consideration a report on chiurch-rates, laid on the table of the House on the 28th of June last, and referred to thetis for revision at the last session. Tkoe cOiIImittee, however, agreed at their last meeting to withhold the presentation of the report which they had prepared, with the view of ascertainiig, by conferenee, or othterwise, the general views of their Lordships of the Upper House on the till now before Parliament, in order that the measures recommended by a committee of the Lower House of Convocation might not be found at variance with those which the members of the Upper Rouse would be likely to support in the Rouse of Lords. Chancellor dsLhps c said ho trusted that, in approaching Rouse at the present cn their Lordships of the Upper hiuea tea prsencon- juncture on the subject of c urch -rates, the clergy of the Lower Rouse would express an earnest hope that their Lordships would, by any influence they could exercise in convocation or in Parliament, exert themselves to maintain that most ancient right of the Church of England to have her religious fabrics sustained bythe real property of thecountry, which hadrecently received the repeated and strongest sanction of the highest courts of law, and that they would not consent, by the substitution of the voluntary system on no just ground of equity and right, to abrogate an important principle of national adherence to the Church of C}lrist. Thsis subject underwventsomofarther discussion, in which Archdeacon Grant and the Archdeacon of Bristol took part, and eventuaUy Chancellor Martin vithdrew his suggestion conditionally, and on the motion of the Archdeacon of Bristol it was agreed that the Prolocutor should communicate the report of the committee to the 'UpperH ouse. TIE REPORT ON THE DISCOPLIN-E OF THiE CLERGY. The remainder of the day was occupied in discussing, clause by clause, that portion of the report on the state of the law affecting the discipline of the clergy which scribedthe mode, recommended bythe committee wfich drew up the report, of dealing with offences against the laws ecclesiastical, not involving questions concerning the settled doctrine, or the ritual or public services of the Chuarch of England. They maybe sasd to have resolved themselves into a committee of the whole Hfouse for that purpose, if the desultory and conversational way in which the discussion was carried on be taken into account, though that, in point of fact, was not the mode in which they dealt with it. A motion of the Archdeacon of Berkshire to assimilate the mode of procedure in the Ecclesiastical Courts, in cases of immoral and scandalous conduct on the part of a clergyman, to that of the temporal courts, and to empower a bishop, who was the proper judge ef his own clergy, to administer justice in Ihs own diocess, gaVe rise to a protracted discussion, but it was lost on a division, as was also a raotion of Dr. I?Caul, seconded by the Rev. Mr. Best, for substituting a. jury composed of an equal number of clergymnen and laymen, members of the Church of England, t-o act wdth the vicar-general m the trial of the offences in question, for the commission as proposed to be constituted by the report of the comnittee under consideration. The rest of the clauses embraced in that part of the report underwent a considerable amount of criticism, but theywere ultimately agreed to, after a few verbal alterations. The House adjourned, at a 4luarter to 6 o'clock, until tomorrow (this day) at 10, when It will resume the consideraion of the report, and when Archdeacon Denison will move an amendment to that part of it which has reference to a r fnal court of appeal in questions of doctrine.
NAV AL ANVD MLLITABY INTELLIGECVE. The fleet shifted berth on Monday, and stretched further east and west across the anchorage. To-day it will be augmented by the Imperieuse, 51, and the other vessels which lately went to the Baltic. The Desperate, 8, Commander White, arrived at Spithead yesterday evening. The Meteor, 14, steam-battery, Captain F. B. P. Seymour, went out of harbour on Monday evening and rejoined the fleet. The Grappler, 4, gunboat, Lieutenant Silverloclc, arrived in the night from the Thames. The Ajax, 60, Captain Warden,, C.B., rejoined the fleet last night. The Flying Fish, 6, Commander Dew, went out of harbour yesterday afternoon and anchored among the gunboat flotila at the Motherbank. The Bulldog, 6, Commander Gordon, and Hecla, 6, Commander Aplin, were under orders to leave Spithead last night for the eastward, to convoy back mortar vessels and gunboats. In order that the general public who may not be able or willing to go afloat on the day of the review may have a good and uninterrupted view of the spectacle, the War Department, in concurrence with the Lieutenant-Governor and the Commanding Royal Engineer of Portsmouth Garrison, have granted permission, on tho application of Mr. Emanuel, of Portsmouth, for a committee to erect a grand stand or stands, wvith safe and suitable accommodation for some thousands of spectators, on Southsea-common, abutting on the esplanade from Hollingsworth's-rooms to Southsea-castle, which latter will be one of the fortresses to be attacked by the gunboat flotilla, These stands wiU have retiring and refreshment rooms attached to them, aU under the regulations of a respectable committee, who will be answerable that no drunkenness or other excesses shall be suffered; indeed, they will be places for respectable persons only and at a moderate charge. Some of the Lords of the Admiralty arrived at Portsmouth last evening, and vill to-day (weather permitting) put the slhips through the movements contemplated for this day week. The corporation of Portsmouth applied to the Admiralty for a steamer to be placed at their disposal, to enable them to witness the review; but the application has been refused, the Admiralty not having a vessel vailable for such a purpose. A letter from Captain Watson's ship, the Imperieuse, dated Kiel, April 11, says :-; " The welcome news of peace reached us at Faro Sound on the 5th, and, after collecting the different ships of the squadron, they were all fairly under way towards iel by Monday evening, but fogs, which are so prevalent at this time of the year, delayed them, and it was the afternoon of the 10th before they had all reached Riel, the senior officer's ship (the Imperieuse) with the exception of the Cuckoo (which anived at 2 this morning), bringing up the rear; at daylight the Amphion, the Falcon, and the Harierleft; the Euryalus and the Pylades left about 7; the Firefly and the Cuckoo will leave when coaled, and by 9 an.m. the 'flying squadron' will be on their way back again, and we hope to be in time for the renew." The Prometheus, 0, steam sloop, Commander Hore, and the Driver, 6, steam sloop, Commander Gardner, arrived at Spithead on Monday. with a mortar vessel in tow of each. The Basilisk, 6, steam sloop, Commander Crofton, went out of harbour on Monday, and anchored at Spithead. A Dutch man-of-war schooner arrived at Spithead on Monday with a number of officers to witness the approaching naval revie-. A committee has been sitting at the Admiralty, for the purpose of drawing up an amended plan of education for candidates for the Royal navy, as well as for suggesting suitable examinations for those who, having already entered the service, await their subsequent examinations for promotion. The comamittee, which has just brought its labours to a close, consisted of Captain the Hon. F. Pel. ham, C.B. (chairman), the Rev. Dr. Chambers, headmaster of the Royal -NTaval School, New-cross, the Rev. G. Fisher, Chaplain of the Greenwich Hospital Schools, and twvo naval instructors. The freight ship Mary Ann has sailed from the London Docks for Gravesend, whence she is embarking 40 tons of powyder for Hobart Town. The Hesper, Government screw steam transport, 120horse poNver, has received oTders to coal and make ready for sea. It is supposed that her destination is to be the Crimea, to assist in conveying home the troops. The gunboat Onyx, 2, 20-horse power, Lieutenant Hewett commanding, and the Pert, a sister vessel, Lieutenant Doughty, commander, have commenced embarking ammunition at Woolwvich Arsenal. The Tilbury and Spey, gunboats, 2, of 60-horse power each, went down to Woolwich yesterday morning from Deptford, and have commenced shipping ammunition, and will proceed forthwith to the general muster. The Hyoena and the Firm (built by Messrs. Pitcher), gunboats of 60-horse power each, went down to Woolwich Arsenal yesterday morning, to have their magazines stored with all possible despatch, and were again unmoored yesterday afternoon for Greenhithe, on their way for Portsmouth. Captain R. C. Romer's company of gunners and drivers, No. 3, 7th battalion Royal Alrtillery, having been inspected for foreign serv,ice, are ordered to hold themselves in readiness to proceed to Australia.
,ST. illABGAREFS CHURCRYAID. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The results of the " Senior Churchwarden's" excavations in St. Margaret's Churchyard are already painfully evident. On one side of that cemetery a row of elms has been planted, which, after the growth of about a quarter of a centLry, had thliven just sufficiently to show how satisfactory a feature they might have become, especially if increased in number. From the roots of these trees the soil to the depth of some inches has been removed during the process of the recent paving job, and I suippose that the " Senior Churchwarden" haa made up his mind that a foot or so more or less roind the roots of an elm is of no consequence. Now, an elm is not a deep-rooted tree, and to remove the soil around it leaves it bare and unprotected to every blast that blows. lVhat wonder, then, that when the wind rose last night twvo of these elms went down'? There they might have been seen to-day, and there they may be seen to-morrow, unless the " Senior Churchwarden" has carted them off "I -ith reverence" to Christ Church, along with the superfluous bones and mould, in the carts of Mr. Chadwick, the pavior. Yon1rs Am_ - RESURGAMI. April 15.
IRAFJAULEUET GOODS. TO THE EDITOR OF THEE TIMES. Sir,-You have on mnore than one occasion denounced the system which prevails extensively of making the outside of pieces of goods-the part which is seen-of one quality,while the inside is of a totally different and very inferior quality. I beg to enclose for your inspection two pieces of flannel whiche1 received this week from a house in WVood-street, hearing, I believe, throughout the trade, a high character and doing an extensive business. The one pattern was taken from the outside, the other from the middle of the same piece. The price was 10d. per yard; the difference in quality is at least 2d. per yard, or 20 per cent. You will be conferring a public benefit by continuing to call attention to and denouncing this abominable system, which, however sanctioned by custom, is neither More nor less than a gross and shameful fraud. I am. Sir. vour obedient servant. A COUNTRY DRAPER.
VIsIT o; HER 'iAJEsTY IND PRnCcn MABERT T3 THECIIsTH rsA HOSPITrr S.-Yesterdaymorningintelgence 'was received at Chatham garrison, by Colonel Eden, tha; Her Majesty, accompan-ied by his Royal Highness Prine Albert, would pay a visit to the sick and vounded at th Chatham hospitals to-day. Her M3ajesty and saite wil leave Buckinghaam Palace this afternoon at 2 o'clock, and proceed to the Bricklayer's Arms station, from which she will travel by special train, arriving at the Stroud terminus of the North Kent railvay at half-past 3 o'clock. Order have been issued by the comunandant of the garrison for a guard of honour, composed of 1 captain,!2 subaterns, and 89 rank and file of the Royal Marine Light Infantry, with their band and colours to receive Her Majesty at the station. On the arrival of the Royal party atStrood they will enter the Queen's private carriages which have been sent from London for that purpose, and proceed to the supplemental hospital at Brompton Barracks, and on their arrival at the drawbridge a Royal salate will be fired from the Spur-battery, and the Royal standard hoisted at Fort herst as a signal of Her Majesty's approach. At Brompton a guard of honour, composed or 100 men of the Royal Sappers and Miners, will receive Her Majesty. The directors of the South-Eastern Railwvayhave ordered the usual preparations to be made forthe reception of Her Majesty and the Prince.
BOYAL ITALIAN OPERA. The burning dowi of Covent-garden Theatre scarcely delayed thecommenc ment of the Operatic seasonmore than a month. The 15th of April was substituted for the 15th of March, another theatreentirely Tedecorated in the interval, and the necessary preliminaries arranged for a series of representations on the usual scale. The contents of the prospectus are already known. It is therefore only requisite to add that the Royal Italian Opera commenced its 10th season last night in the Lyceum Theatre with a very effective performance of Verdi's Troveore_ The occasion was graced by the presence of Her Majesty the Queen, his Royal Highness Prince Albert, and the Princes3 Royal, who arrived about the middle of the first act. The audience was probably the most briliant and fashionable ever assembled within the walls of the Lyceum. The opera didnot begin tillhalf an hour later than the accustomed time, owing, doubtless, to the fact that there was to be no The interior of the theatre is decorated with good taste and wears a light and cheerful aspect. It is repainted in pale blue, white, and gold, from top to bottom, the ceiling excepted, which has been washed, and to such good purpose that the Cupids and other mythological personages of that imaginary heaven assume a dim and shadowy appearance. A new and elegant chandelier now hangs from the centre of the roof, and lights up the theatre without the aid of any other gas appliance. The number of private boxes has, with considerable ingenuity, been augmented to 68. In addition to the grand tier and a tier above, eight smaller boxes are contrived on a level with the gallery, besides a row on each side of the pit. The gallery is divided, as at Covent-garden, into what we suppose may be entitled "amphitheatre stalls" and gallery proper, from which last they are separated by a wooden paneL The pit is nearly all distributed into stalls. Of these exclusive conveniences there are no less than 210. The only access to them is through a straight passage which cuts the pit into two halves. Circulation round the area is impossible, themeansof ingress andegressalone beingprovided. The boxes are hung with dark red curtains andpapered with the same colour, which has a somewhat gloomy effect, easy, however, to remedy. The chairs in the pit-stalls (we have beard a " pit" mentioned, too ; bur its precise situation is hardtomak-eout)arefurnishedwithred seats andwhite backs; the whole of this department looks both elegant and comfortable. The orchestra-though reduced, by dispensing with a number of stringed instruments, to about 50 performers-is still very conspicuous, and appears to occupy more room, in comparison, than at Covent-garden. All things taken into consideration-the shortness of the time and the difficulty of the task-the arrangements must be pronounced very satisfactory; and in its search after a temporary home the Royal Italian Opera might have been compelled to put up with greatly inferior accommodation. The performance showed that matters behind the curtain had been quite as carefully looked after. The Troratore is not like the Huguenots or the Etoi& (tic Nord; but it re. quires some pains and more outlay to place it upon the stage respectably; and, considering that what has been done has been done within a week or 10 days, too much praise can hardly be bestowed upon those concerned in its production. Three beautiful scenes were displayed, two of them-the abode of the gipsys (Act II.), and the camp of Count de Luna (Act III.)-rather elaborately set. The dresses are not only niew (which, theold ones having been burnt to ashes, was a sine qud non), but many of them costly and magnificent. During the whole evening (so diligently must MIr. A. Harris have done his work) there was only a single rontreternps. This occurred in the third act, when the " drop" descended suddenly and unexpectedly between the first and second verses of Signor Tamberli'Ls most spirited aria, shutting out scene and actors from view, which raised a hearty laugh from Her Majesty's box, and a unanimously good-humoured cheer from the audience. Of the Tr-ovator c itself, its drama and its music, we have nothing more to say; indeed, all things considered, we have said enough. The cast of tho principaleharacters, with one exception, was the saine as last year :-Manrico, Signor Tamberlik; Conto di Luna, Signor Graziani; Ferrando, Signor Tagliafico; Leonora, Madame Jenny Ney; and Azucena, Madame Nantier Didice. The exception, however, was a grave one; since, to replace Madame Pauline Viardot Garcia in a part which by the force of dramatic genius she made so entirely her own as that of the gipsy Azucena, is hardly to be tbought of in times when dramatic genius is so rare. Mladame iNantier Didiee, nevertheless, did herself infinite credit, and, though she failed to approach her predecessor in those scenes, -where passion and intensity are required, and in makuig a histrionic individuality of the character, sang much of the music in so finished and artistic a manner and acted throughout with such inteligence that she decidedly raised herself in the estimation of the pubEc. Madame Jenny Ney began nervously, asthough restrained by the limited arena in which she was moving, and not feeling sure of her voice. This spoiled her first scene, and especially the caratino, with its sparkling and very unvocal cabdWetta-" Di tale arnor"-which we never heard her execute so unevenly, or, in the higher notes especialy, with such wavering into nation. She very soon however, recovered her self-composure, and becoming used to the stage, instead of forcing her clear and beautiful soprano tones, kept them within bounds, and sang to the end with as much briliancy and effect as ever. In the the scene of the "Miserere" (which was loudly encored) Mladame Ney was alike admirable in vocalization and expression-from the plaintive ondantc " D'amor suU'ali," to the climax of her somewhat rambling and obstreperous duet with the Count di Luna. Signor Graziani produced the accustomed sensation in cis caxatinia, " I1 balen del suo sorriso," wbich he gave unaffectedly and with well-designed simplicity. He was encored, as a matter of course. In spite of the favour with which it is received, this air invariably suggests to us the idea of some one trying to remember the commencement of " vi ravviso," in La Sonnambula, and unable to recall it perfectly. Clurcun, t son, gout, however; most audiences admire it, and that, after all, is the main question both for singer and composer. Signor Tamberlik's Manrico can hardly be surpassed. Earlier than any of his companions, this gentleman appeared to make himself at honie on the circumscribed stage to which for the first time he found bimself confined. He sang the serenade of the Tro-ato;e, "Deserto sulLa terra," and the charming phrase all.,tted to the imprisoned Manrico, in the " Miserere" (both behind the scenes), with exquisite tenderness, and a tone so carefully subdued that it was wonderful how his voice penetrated to all parts of the house through the over-loud and by no means refined execution of the choristers. It was only inthe stormy cabauetta, " Di quela pira l'orrendo foco," when the troubadour hears of the impending fate of his supposed mother, and in the impassioned passages of the last duet with Leonora (the most dramatic piece of music in the opera) that Signor Tamberikgavewaytothosebursts of energyfor which he is famous, and allowed his powers foil vent. The cabaZeUtt (in spite of the unrehearsed descent already described) crested afsu-ror-4 and the singer wvas unanimiously sun unoned and applauded at the end of the act. After this display Her Mgajesty and suite quitted the theatre. Of the other performsers little need be raid. In the minor part of Ferraudo Signor Tagliafico was, what he never fails to be, careful and intelligent, while the still more insignificant personages of Inez and Ruiz lost nothing in the hands of Madame Tagliafico and the industrious Signor Soldi. The band, although sensibly diminished in numbers, showed no diminution in efficiency, under the admirable guidance of M1r. Costa, who was received witll genuine enthusiasm on entering the orchestra. At the end of the opera " God save the Queen " was performed by the entire company-Mademoiselle MaraL, Herr Fonnes, and Madamne Jenny Ney singing the solo verses. Altogether the opening night was so successful as to augur well for the prospects of the Royal Italian Opera in its present asylum; and Mr. Gye, the manager, may be congratulated on having thus far weathered the tempest tlsmt threatened to annihilate him.
FIBE IN AIBAw-STREET.-Yesterday (Taesday) forenoon, about 11 o'clock, the inhabitants of Albany-street, Regent's-park, were alarmed in consequence of the outbreak of an extensive fire on the premises of Mr. Samuel Clarke, wax chandler and oil merchant. In the space of 10 minutes after the first alarm was given the flames had entered the front warehouse, which contained an immense amount of inflammable matter, and proved to be such a powerful auxiliary to the flames, that they broke through the front windows and stretched across the road, almost as far as the opposite houses. By dint, however, of great exertion on the part of the firemen theyat leng-th hadthe gratification of seeingthe flames diminish and finally yield to the great qnantity of water thrown upon them, but not until Mr. Clarke's premises and all they contained were destroyed and the following prem ises severely damaged by water and heat-viz., Messrs. Bell and Co., hairdressers, No. 54 ; insured in the Westminster Fire-office. Mr. Francis, sculptor, No. 56.; not insured. Mr. Limebeer, the proprietor of Dorset House, No. 108; insurance unknown. No. 109, known as Berlin House, in the occupation of Mr. Capon. No. 110, Mr. P'ittman, fruiterer, and No. lll, belonging to Mr. Jones, confectioner. The last five or six are all severely scorched, but very little damage has been done to the contents. A HEBPD OF R.AmD DEER.-Rabies, or hydrophobia, we regret to say, has shown itself to such a serious extent in Stainborough-park, nearBearnsley, as to excite the alarm of the inhabitants of that locality and to attract the attention of medical men. The disease first began to show itself on a. small scale in the latter part of the last or early in the present year, immnediately after a nsad dog is said to have been roaming about thelocality, and which issupposed tO have communicated the contagion. Nearly 100 deer have already fallen victims to its effects. While in a state of disease these otherwise innocent and playful anijnals foam at the moutlh, worry each other like dogs, and tear off each other's hair and flesh; and when placed in a state of confinement bite at whatever comes within their reach. Attention has just been drawn to the matter through a child belonging to one of the worknen having been bitten. This caused an alann, which led to a medical gentleman (Mr. M. T. Sadler, of Barnsley) being called in. He has issued a timely caution to the inhabitants, calling upon all to be on their guard to protect themselves and their families from the infliction of so terrible a malady.-Menc(stcz' Examincer.
SALES BY AUCTION. Foreign Cigars, of. genuine, old, first-lass quality, weU matured. M~A E;SBS. RB0INS ul SE3:LL by AUCTION, at J.the Mt, on Briday neat, at lz. old FOR1E ON CIGARS.ot rirst-- class quliaty, and in very fine condition; *Iottetl to suit piivato purchasers. On view, with catalogues, onrmornings of sale, and a samlne box of each opened for inspection and tasting. Dalston-rise.-Excellent Household Furniture, Plate, China, Glass, and Valuable Effects. WIESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST have received instructions from the Proprietor, who is going abroad, to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, 7, St. George's-terrace, Dalsto-rise, Hackrney, THIS DAY. April the 16th, at 12 o'clock, the well-manufactured FURNITURE and EFFECTS. comprising mahogany four-post, Arabian, and iron bedsteads, and clean bedding, marble-top wash-hand-stands, dressing glasses. chairs,wingedwardrobe. cheats of drawers, and other clamber appendages, drawinig and dining room suites in rosewood and Spanish mahoany, including chairs. couches, easy chairs, Ioo, card, and occasional tables, set of capitaldining tables, handsonme sideboard, work table, large chimney glasses, lenders, and fire-irons, Brussels carPets, rugs, chelfoniers, damask vindow curtains, lamps, elegant Parisian Icloc, cria and otber omaments, luetres, rome choico engravigs, case of stuffed birds, a few books, 3S0 on. of plate, plated articles, very ricely cut glass. china dinner, dessert, and tea services. haUl table, hat-stand, kitchenureqnisites. garden roller, and miscellaneous items. Mlay he viewred on Tuesday p receding the esale. Catalogues had at the Sw an. USpper Clanton: on the premidses; and of M>essrs. Norton, Iloggart, anld Ti-st, 62, Old Breael-strset, Royal Exchange. Putney and Wandsworth. Surrey.-To Corn and Coal Merchants, Lhghtermen, and others. lIrR. STEWART will SELL by AUCTION, on the Prenises, Bridge-wharf. THIS DAY. AprU 16th, at 1. unless an acceptable offer be made. the LEASE (for14Qyears)and GOODWVIL of an old-established BUSINESS. The preomses possessconvenience for 14 horses, wvith large lofts and granary, lock-up sheds andecoach-houses, corndealer's shop, counting-house, drawiing dock and lanUrng v harf, Sc Are held for 142 years at a rental of only :3t l0s. At the same timne is-ill be Soldthe Le ase (for 4 years) of a large Hlouse and p3iece of 1and, let out in tenements, situate seaLr the Railw;ay S3tation, Bridge-field, Wanmdsorth. producing a rental of £5218s:; ground rent £11. Particulars at the of fies of E. 1Y. Seal, REsq., sollcitor. f, Trafalgar-equare; Per. Priest, 9, Uppler St. Mtartin's-Lane; and of the auctioneer. Pucr,ey. Surrey. ,ity of londou (isithin a few yards of1.-Valuahle and commuanding Preehold Estate, wi thin 10 minutes? walk of the Royal Exchange, cover-mg an area of more than a quarter of an acre, presenting an eligible opportunity for occupation or investment. lI1R,nTiS. S51ITH haisbeen favollred with instrue. lr in rm the Assignees, to submit topuhblic COM1PETITION, at the MIart, on Thursday, April 24, at 12, m three lots (urnlesspreviously disprosed of hyPrivate Contract), the verys-aluable and irnportant F.REI lIhDMANUsFACTURING PREMISES, NRo. 15. WShite. Lioa-street, NRortonfalgate, comprising two substantialbrick-bulltwaxe. houses. counting-houses, stabling, sheds, vaults, yards, and a dwvellinghouse, having a commanding frontate of about 66 feet, imnmediately contiguous to the new etreetnowviormnag from the dockstoSlhoreditch, and 10 minutes? walk of the Eoyal Exchange. in the occupation of Messrs. Hreaten. Bower, Trigg and Oliver, atverymoderatexentals amouniting to £2i6 per annm: lint atthe expiration of the tenancies of Messrs. Beaton and Oliver, is moderately estimated to proeduce rentals amounting to £ 320 Per axnnum The premises ame verydesirable tobrewers, distillers, dyers, oil. piklde. or provision merchants. having an artesian well anqd Pump of gcod vwater. May boviewed bsi permission of the resoecti,-e tenants, and particular,s, with conditions of sale and plans, obtained on the DremiSes: at the Mart; i f Messrs. Lofty Potter and Son, sollitoes, King-street, C.heapside; Mess. Laweance, Plew, nd Boyr,r Old Jewsy-chamubees r Mess Wilkinson and Stevens, Nicholas-lane, Lombard-street; Patnick Johmcon, Re., offlcial assignee, Ba^singhall-sreeli and of the auCticOnfer, 44 Lombard-street, and Upton, Esex, No. 28, WsLIlbrook-street. Nlew Norths-road.--Stock. Fixture3.1 Purni- ture, aud Effeces of a Grocer and Cheetemnonger.-Absolute Sale. ~MESSRS. GREEIN ,ndl SON will SELL by AUC. .AV.TIN. on thePremises,, as above, To-morrow, April17, at 12 for 1. the STOCK and FIXTUIIES of a Grocer and Cheesemooiger. whichk are of the usn l description;, after which the capital Hlousehold Farmiture. comPrisisg mahaogay and japanned chests of drawers, mahlogany wardrobe, %wasbtands, dressing gsac mnabogany foar-post aadl other bedsteads, bedding, mnahoLanyIon andAi,,tng table, Plasuoforte. sofaa, chairs, chinmey-giases.r carpets, r-ugs, china, glass, crockery, a Baker's patent mangle, kitchen uten-sil,I kac; also two, excellent spring vans, chaise. spsring cart, capital single-bodiedphaeton. superior cart mare. sets of harness, chnff-cutting machine, and numerous useful effects. May be viewed the day prior and3morning ofsale. CAtalogues hAdon the premises; at the auctioneers' offices. 18 Hatton-garden ; and at their Wae rooms, 44, Farringdon-street, city. Kms 24 and 25, Royal Mint-street, ldinories.-Clearauce lls.-, Tallowehandlesa Oil and Colourmen, Fixture-dealry ad others. 'ljESSRS. GREEN and SOND will SEN by LU TIOK. on the Pmemises 24 and25. Itoyal Mint-street, without resrve, on Tuesday, April 22, at12 forl,. the remnaining ST'OCK in TRADE, Plaint, and' Fixtures, of a TALLOWOHANDL.HR and OIL. MAN; comprising112f100 dozen dip candles 10 tosfneFrench ociire.brims stoue,saltpetre,b baklead,oiLs,uirpspaper,&c.;exceeient irowindlass, iron cottOn-euttinz machne, daow proms mahogany-top couinters vera, superior neot of 123 and otber drawers, chimneoy-shaft anud brickwork, gasfttings, Oil cisterns, weights, scales, mneasures exoellent tilted cart on springs, light speing van, capital black mace (fiee year old), sr'ritig truck, harniess, do. On view the day prior and morning of sale. Cats. logueishad on the premises ; at the auctioneersV officee, 18, H5tton-' garden. and their sOal rooms, 44, Parringdon-street, city. i In BankruPtcY.-Re W1. S-hove of Croydon.-Stock, Utensils, suit Effects of an Oil and Colourman, Painter, Glazier, P'lumbier, and Paper agr.-AbsoIute Sale by order of the AssIgnees. I 1UESRS.GREN and SON wil SELL by AUC,ivz. ilE, a thirCommercial Sale Rooms, 44, Farringdon-streetN cit (ee dor romHolorn, on Wednesday, April 23, at i for 12, bis- accont f tenuberof lots te\etensive andwell-selected STOCK, compriing 16 gallnseu anse by the best makers, oils, turps, a lare qanityof'whtelead, ruwikgreens, ultramarine, pr~ussian tam an n,anddry anid ground colours of every description, pam arists bushtuand tools, crown, plate, and sheetglass, 60 dozn ras ocs,1.00feetwell made window sashes,] "'ed, glsedi and it fr imedite se,I,34 pieces of modem paperL agings shee ln,ping cans, bottles, jars, and the usual stock of a painter, plumbr an Adglzer. The utensils comprise counter beams, scales3 weights,lag oil cisterns, painters' ladders and trestles, a 30 feet sun blindroimplet dc, May be viewe dyprior and morning of sale. Catalogues of WBl,Easq., offiia asgee, 3. Coleman.street-buildt. ings; of Mess oe unr idTre;slctr,S,lermanbnry' at theRom;adaieacinrsofie,S,atn-adn in Baknty-oW Soe-aubeLase and Goodwil of the1 Trae o a ainer,Plumber, Glazier, and Oil and Coloumn ~MESSRS. GRE and SON wfil SELL by AUC'- L ITION, at thei Sale Roomts, 44, Farringdon-street, on Wedniesday, April 23. at 12 for I the valuable LEASE of those extensi-e, couunanding, and filct-rate. BUISINESS P1REMIstES, situate at Northiend,Croyon,withn fvemiuteswalc oftherailway station;- also the goodillof he ighy poftitable trae Cou anter. plme,gaer and SS.oilE and cluma,wihaS be nodce onl thELforgoin pre TCss:Othe are ver roomy, and ahrdapte fo any busatn12 foel atn telivberlocetf£4 PRE. Map bePET viewed,t andemd)partculasehad on Tuirnr susandia Turner.bsolctos and wlermxnae eniudetatched rooeholan atsthenactioneer's obaces 1n, franttangarden,iut n eig4 6n Wandswctli-oad,-reehod Estte, p oduin £412 pitetroanum,-t Votesfor te Couty. Fourins.bstantialbric-ul and wellw ofiabe Iemi-depoftached Froeehol Resience, wndIthacliand frins,nontgrenso.-AsituateSand beyn order and inthe mrosritrcwompletelinquneshrcing texbselleontear andolet tofpo hihyracespR etabletennsaho.enas mutngt 12pr anumSMS eiee byEE perisio SOf the tELLte Patiulr At teMat TIeOer. Wathon and, SonTusda, soicior, at12, fouver ie-steeot Flieet-sret andIVE Hamtmersmih atd uthensl tovendish Arms, Cahenodwishotroad; atth augrctinery.si offices, and Rattn-garden; andc hatshi saee rooms,ted4f, Farngon-stdeebl city. h Peiesa boe- hgl repctavl,eadistcoy, anfed-rood, Strdnlockwtv.-Thesupierio Fixtures, Fa poittings, haetenrl , and owill thf attenighl pofitableGroceryma Colour, and6 Itaomnbuinessi, ine ontereao-Abaruk Saoemt, byaorder o thn e paroriet or. These ronelnusiength business oneissaccunofp- 1IESSRS. GREEN and SON will SELL by AUCMYTION. at the M1art, on Thursday, May I, at 12 for 1, in onelot (unles prevlinhouslydspoe O byapinvateo commntrac),th whoule-fofnthed sof tsdeo rcr,ol oor and paosunesrmite, avlianbuinsh,hwhich hasbendi conducted for Lauscoinsierpablepeti on thegreemiesnu abov e- auhighl resectbl, hdwealthy, and goo etradin loperalitum Thel busines ter of ao very, pta-rountbl chract.Teran wihoef the attention ofandenergesitir'ma of busincuessdcminedwt the repetiveprebses-parkb mrviements, prapdy aprochino5 com letion, antethensiveandhighy Arems,uneraisetrade auc autioneers'oofices, 18,Hatton-garden;an andttheir salerooms,4, 4,Farringdon-street, city. Votdswor the Count-Cof KerntFLeaehold-EStatGe,poduc.ing £89nper- b ann-AsoutSae MIJESSRS. GREE.N and SON Will SELL bY AUC- LITION. at the Mart, on Thuirsday, Ma&y], at 12 for] a. oei lae,CcIntLeArbur L Eosst T,copiing oa -ptl1ckmtwos subopawith lbrick builht dweling-ouses, whrone havibeng twoeul cmmndigdubl-foted road, an 2. Landossne-lsce. lt on ag eemen a et£ per annum ears,dat agoundh renat.eTe wholer ohheW suero landlord' fewixtur-es willbeyincluded intheFrespctieo url ae Mayson betO viewsed bytper ms Vsion of,th GRnane.Pricuasa a td the w art ofL besrs fAUC- TO,at the autoees affcs 1,aton-gaursden, Mand at theior s,aleiroom,E 44, DFarrlgdn-tLYt cUity. ,Iovna Ms-hue ale-om Vot ferth iucountyk fof theBan.eeStatiot, Gearge'so aboudt Canter-e oflanTd, antemdt oftheMat mont be salat Maful a tdprklk g2round L an lanet, Cantebuy consaisting 19roms awitalndse ylacksmith'y shopbithforte covnincurey two low.osesboxes,andri thee-sta istprale,dwit larg liht rooiver whereong ha, beatflen lsucessfllywcndute fort mantly yeas a excllt.entib and poiabl aveterinarylbusiness, Let hsafontlase at £32ler and um May n beviewed, aurondedb particlarsha of thMilestrs rinsperdtandflty, Thrsieolicitors,oWaling-steetitaltepbury;atndth principal inn in Ceranterury; aut thoMrth at las auctionTees officbes tibe, togtan-grdn London and atolo thei sanleorooms, 44,ur wareidnelurded if the Legcates unde the Willdb erAso of the lte T Nwan,t, and aulars had laet,Ftehel 1amilyf 1r Mantsion, buleteonlasleyat grieen SRtSheOl GREEbur Ands SON w Jl SEL brgoy,AUO-q soUtrChethey Mart, one authrdyMa 1. Hatt12-farde1, anFEE at fhew minuerons'walk faromteBrineStio,sadnonbutnr couty an cntanig 9 rom,wih nclse 1are,diry,strbucfor abou 50feet Th siuatin fr helthendlongvty ismstea remark- on leae at £5 per nnum, ut worh at 1east £100 the valuabled timer,togthe ih te woleof he an lor' fxtues, wmitl bta and prtirsar hd at he Mats; o Mr.PatIso, bilder, H0udosecosolictor,Chersey;at te autioners-ofies, 1, fatto-grden,% andh' at their sale rooms, 44, Farris.don-stseecstcity TaeolFudEsaers, Enineers, nd oethes. M~1ESSRS. FULLER and HEOR-SEY are instructed iL by the mEneeuosoft.Fgis,abnut, to SELL by UTO,a th aUC-oi TIOe,dnesTuesday, Apil2. at U,athe lthesondy LE IOld BArgE-oSe Bacnd arn inplotsd withoutd resent, the LiAdng a delndg-hPLte,NT.23 YofrasHreLL tpny e F aNDt 2 16ehrs power horizontalesstefram tenginef and yealert on peapp seam; w dengnelhrghuee rilling machnes 180 feet shafing Llod'spatet fn, fur rougt ion lenoas, o thebric andg ironmretion-ofresix eying stoes,denc0 pair Ivshmelltboxero sixupatol blastigedirns20trutons bromes cast ilrongS0 ewst fieL bri'cks,Osmit's forg te Mandt,onos dy,patent weghn mach2ine three casts, harness,5 sable5 utnsls; thncestemporlarycorrugatd ironvroof,n156 feuaet lon fbf, beet w.,Idl'ew f,andnuerousl teroefets Tod beaviewedn ornamontay gardevin tro th ossae,swhencalofges may boienha Non the pemtaigeshof r- Ashley,an soiior,5 Oldsimiwrlyle andt Mes7rs Fullnsier atind orsy, ,t- La yteteatieaseoldestates anld Geproundy Rout1 e. r,agon l%irEsSRS FLLER and HOReY handeo inth rcted IV b theExecters to SLL b AUCION,ats beoethe Mart, on Wednsda, Ma 7 t 12in hreeloi, WaSHOL 8Od EST aTES andt aren imrvedhGhlun valualea ncld irng ~a dwellinghoud se,at.e2, park-trelgbet,fipocy e t£pr annum,ues oi helde onle, ase formitor of&: satree Sinvlestm lent atd £18 per annum, heldh on leae fnorc af terdra10 ypear,ulatgrou-nd srntl of 25pertannml ampoedgoudreto £12Sp R anm rSin fUPRo vEY ctages, AL E .&geiavyBihp5e- s reec,iheldfr inteutins of 9eas the propterty mayL be vieUCTIll. atthesae by lave of the tennts.o %art iculavrs ay bes thad ofeC.Itivng-u ten,hsly soluaci tor, , F chuprchbisings, fa Fenchuand-opert; atnth Meart; andUl ocuitoof Messis ulrsan Edersey,Bllther-streem Fnie anhr bomper-Thrkseo lexelleto Resideintes for netetccupation.o %r el.sea f1 S S vey UlgilelndIcmrEisigaotfv a cdrLeNA ha e f re-a'r 01h2Mat contFrida, stablin, &a.Thefinreests,netoned premis, andeI Bsomtabn-cfrecnt leasantly, adcon venientlyo martuato lust of f,ot witin ie of te hghroa, ndavngmnprnseamenptal garenri fwoth z, Possessio ofN. will sbetagive.ao.l isd elettoaligh lyd re-d a-susu enie and boo5 n imlrl louetst7, in. cosieratoneof anout laybythend tenant Tdept aove areohel separatelhors 71dyears, t grun rens th of1ireman'sum Thiv stalneghborhod cetin proverbsl healthy land,prowit hee bodeingenow cieflyuto the hane-ecrbdso thenise or ign suillers ilgeatl imeproviesing.tParticularson(14 daysbefarels fmi af fitelssrs nvTstamen,Up ein. lpt on. n .leasent solctors,e teant (whriarsa, Eastl enwc.Hghyvlable aneeti he)a -nd f;I iportauntimFreeholdosttes,o part elgble for e manrugfactre, thongalarge scale, lpartfring aro ftir rater investmeto n the rem iaid,w hler dswortyofthe Gselziwoof buides speiatrs,nd amll apialits team intlie Pu ~ ~ g-oup,ner Principally removed from No. 66, WVatling-street. Cheapside. EDWVIN WHITE will unreservedly SELL by M RI A-DOTION, at his Rooms, 170. Bishopsgate-street without. To-morrov, April 17th, at 12 for I preciscly, another partof theremasinig portion of Messrs. EnwoodandCo's varied STOCK;of ENG- ISEf PAPERtHANGINGS a parcel of mgnifilcent French hangings and decorations, recently consiuned from Paris,several marble chimneypieces, and a quantity of brishes. On view day prior and morning I of sale, wben catalogues may be had. ' Daington-hall, near Northampton.-Neat, genuine, and elegant Household Furiture, Plate, Linen China, Glass, extensive library of Books, Grand Pianoforte, by iiroadwood, nearly new, Grand Harp, by Erard, Paintings, Engravings, Oriental Cabinets, dc.: State Billard Table, 12 feet by 6. with Cues. Mlaces, SaUs, and Marking Boards; Carriages, &c.-By Mr. DURHAM, on Monday, the 21stof April, and folowtrigday,, by direction of the Execatrix of the late Jo RTeadal, Esq., (in the order to be set forth in catalogue) -ITCEN, Laundry, and Washin- Utensils and u-Frsiture generally, capital patent mmanigle, 'brewing Utensils of every description, and sweet ale casks four-post, French. and other bedsteads, beds bedding, and e-erv descriptinm of chamber furniture, excelent dining room furniture, in ea^sy and other chairs, large mahogany dhiing room telescope, writing, and occasional tables sideboards, cabinets, splendid Chinese screen vith eight folds, large Turkey carpet 24 feet by 18, hearth rugs, dc. ;an elegant cabinet, containing 33 drawers of fosslLs and sheils, formingo f itseif a complete museum, and of which there is a descrintive inventory, cases of stuffed birds, vipers, &c., and otherornamenta furniture. Thedrawinzrrooncontains rosewoodfurniture, intables,chairs, couebes, largecheffonierinlaidwith brase,vcryhandm grandpianoforte byBroa.dwood, nearlynew, grand bhrp, vithfuUl pedalsbyErard, doitblemusicstands,muslcal workboxes 'very elegant uhiese cabmets, work box and work table (a gem), Fplendid chibmey glass, in gilt frame, chimney ornaments, alabaster vases and other ornameutal furniture large Brussels earpet andrugs elegant window curtain% &c*; also ial, parlour, sitting room, an library furniture bookshelves, large iron safe, telesoDpe, in case, library of about SGO volumes, amongwhichare manyvaluable and srarce works. a_ large qaantity of very superior-silver late, and very handsome plated gs, an ectensive =asortteent of linen, glass, china, tdo, many faleua by P6intings and a fine collection of prints, a billiard table, 12 feet bY 6, with slate bed, cues, maces, marking boards, and balls, a few dozeps of wine, and a rmall quantity of home-brewed ale, a lendid clarence! nearly new, for one or pair of horses, open baroun, bath chair, sngleand double hairnes, saddles, bridles, &. garden rosl, chais tOols,,xc, Tha whole of which'will be set forth mu catalogues, to be had at 6d. esh (to be eturned to purchasers). attbe inns in the neighbbolzb-od the place of sale - or at the offices of the au ctioneer. -Stony Stratford, and WVheat Sheaf, Da,ventry, 'ifay be viewsed until thc Fridaypreceding the sale, by presenting or purchasing a catalogue at thc hlaiL The sale w ill commenice each dag atlO o'clock. Bushey Lodge. Teddington, M,iddlesex-S8uperior Eoustho'd Fcan. rue otg iano, 500 ounmeof Plate, v&izabIe old Chlina, Linen.. PIGvOTTs iafrcte bythe Executor to .ALL SELL~ withoutreserve.on Wednesday. April 3D, Richmond, Surrey.-To Brewers Distllers Maltaters CapitaBssi., am others-The Richmnond Brewery established for pwsrs t20) 75ear, with its dxxed PIT and 1ndi excellent Inns sdPadbrHdo-h0usms mnonelot. AI . PIGGOTT will SELL by AUCT1ION, at the ±LtMart. on Tuesday. Xay6.xt 12. by onderof the Mortgaeesunder poer of sale, theBtE VMRYandISIEI4S, in one lot, thst.icIa fwcxmay be obtained at the'Auctionx Mart.; ofcaes. Rickarda and Son soliciors. 2. Crown-eourt, Old Broad-street; of Tooe, alowe, ad rie,e n ooictor,h edfr-o;mfoa Hate Lwi, eq. rcitet SELohnLtrbt AdeTIpi ONdo at. tf .Pigeets auctironeer.o saler, an idpestat entOO GOrg-sret BTATc,cmorod,n ouney ofB the bestldeKablihed ommercianllcnhloteIs mayi 5 bneso bad byth purchnasaer os the bewrayboautond, according eto an,v ftnagreemn iobel e ituterdint immvediael alte arathe ale. ladn tIrliebhfard furoem.te Hutelkyeepers, Win Mercnndhants It)i Stile preentin henuatia o Arewrs anodoheris uz.ahilyroctb Ve art, fomTneardoyay. Mayt at p2, inonuelot. by ofhMo ttagers undecrrpoer of sale rans lcaimpbuiesortantC greatI mnberf. copisn one hofs theg bveryatoldesabishe commrcal hurotels ofithin5 frnae,s admarirably sitrate, fro George-street, lc stondthe Seadlin thoroughfr froom, n th aia staiu atvon tor weillnnoUd-hii th isad vtenat fromu yearh-housear. atn£0 pierln sannumg, iecluceded hist fther who canedhone as mast lhucr ap,v businesgo a godretatl numer ofd maynotOCcr &ain Tlevpoerytccymdtion for allwe byscar es of the are?:gft, "e 7enOtraincedfrom Gog-treeut leUads tof thhds Ricurom and aoi solacitous, pave yardw u well supplidwithrood wTooer laok-up cach-houses, andlecellent st9lng nclurderdw sodf t tahe toLehl, ate laritheet 9r. Johnntrp oiggoet,dep il aleand rosy. 3nettocu agailn.Ter propuertyt bed eseta by carde olyt tb are peparig, Nnomay eehobind aot theutonat f ee Ricard an o, slictor,t2, CromWnourl OldI Broad-sreet and Winla Smte ,soiio,1,eel-tet Licl'sIn of Messrs Xart and C.AlensolaycMors, at17, Crisheleotree, byho;Ae of tesrs Rcmond,gee iurrer Power ofreehld, Cottae i iecos-rw and oylL arn Coer.ghousd Dweling-olusbee ihPles Shop and PremsL ajisen, inthe ce~YundTre ) i O a eoge-street fr.uies~i Gogearet ertuesday,on Maywery. Maty2 bn threwedlis by leave of the dortngeecubnderd powerion of ae FraeET arind prepatHonInd -PybeobEtai,e as aboe; comprtisn azt ofNeg-lantialldsbund Stcoed. slcthe s t G ryownd court iagOod tiOntrads, niog-street:OWila Syh ,Es. yoliritor year Sal-ttelwreetLnotesm of £4 Mesrsanum The fo 0llowng Iota ciomrise oo Filesreeh' old brc-built srs Cottag Hales, siut and Wimieorowiitr, near heafchond-w Brewery. Raytber iewed, byq. leaveof th teJonants,Preticu'lars. anLonditons w of salere i'ngot pearatione,an mayber obained esate then Auction saret, Of Messrs.Rikradon sliitors,e, Co -cturt.e spcold Broad-street of h Williame c Smyth.d-. Soicg itwsor f usererDtszebe tyLnc a-nnd.o exesst. J n .Aln oi citrs, . on Trise-sdre, Solo- ofM r. at12inonge Hliot, andero Prire solicitors, u9,deofr ow;rof sale, thInytedrLewis, Req., arwchiet tigU, John-treet0, adep London; andd fof t chr.minggPoti,utioneer,ui valuaser, mand ethateant Gexorge-streeam. vistrbwichithad, r not csondhly, forra oeybuth forar-fated oebudck: Hotel, dlghifelDsy tuituatesppst thimanoofer sa ioupoacseontT Itheierasoe,commnd-g thitngtiewo nsuterpadsu eo'autyoandexteont. luaitlt , lIAR. and OT wi llugfo SELLbyationO, at therei r aiiyadci Ltain Mart.ea7ngTuffesdy,Ma t6.eti2, in onewlot, byhoelerofthe. isorbsantials bunder poerof siat le,athis anotd inh goo Orepir, wich A inporintof situation srotand Terrialled throughoutvathe word; entranceconrtailiguost thnes oaak and,ss fromtin itueos charing pos ition,mt alwams, commanl bd that ri-tebr excelln lsefvstoshd t oafro m any uyeals hfithertoenjoyed st ablso.h presnts gea and unuua teemattrcionsb notonl Wior aenc hoter, bt fror yart yriar,atte resiec:sc ntoppo3jrtnunita thsMay,b noifere agini ard centuyl Ina whcmabel otiedeserving teattetioneeo. tDetraedeportulrany one dtoonsoa mallearipire acintinan and wis behinga toroccuption. Masrther os esery Racklrd anidceEainty soofreali1in suerlcensttreet, ire olnini ofe yeasrs. T.e Roeuck isrsubtantiall buil-t.oreat, AelevatiLondo and igood 1repalirgt, hasu, potioner vlenr.ancesfomthte Traen, alsog-aprivate sideon enrnc Io restailnliers eand pris;n ontainsAnumenrountstdnigandel sitting roos,theerhaul bed HrooseIn, acpyrivat bar, excellien celltars, and the usain rofcs waitha stacling.uTe premises aore in thers ocupdtdoing af M WllamBechaseiat ro yartoyAr,CTIthe,ren tho iOer annum Maye vieed bycardsonly,whic may bhe 3obtained o th aucioner DeaildartculrsandcontonsEof sale dmren prepa- stunaudayb hadat he uctin Mrt;ofnessborhooRickrdmid-g Son soiciors 2.Crwn-our, Od Boa-steet ofWilia secu-tha an haic,solctr,,Bdodrw oft Temasen a-tr LTenis,Be, arhtcn 9 on-tet fderpca.ryingon; an o r.aigtie aucitineer vaurT n ehste aget,i besorge-treet staeb ond.toOitgs of Derygee etwUecn Brteutfordand coundlowto Rrewc s ecuarearmaybeandatthecarA;ofmeortantEctuewL- ow asolctors Crasoandroursetn, OdBoad-~streaextenosWUiae frnae h sfUrst-r, atelbusiness. iellsin-O XsmJa Mociart, onarue-sdaye, May6ohto1, bre of Ver. Theoo rtage Prirml soituate, 39n thedfain-road, nea Thema ne eihouhodoa aet Spriong-gtrove.othtad, oreph Lno any pato isigf scr capialeree randsidte ignn,thi decidedlyr offersaoneo h etop tunitiegsth at hsbenain of market forse malny years ithe-housey i detached hasunbeen r hceetlyb olt,-wtrexelet. CabingeeioathroadgemeTo Immed piatly17 after 12d witllobesol, in saATEIAS lot,paismall hse.ea withee sofp,, or andincotgs Mayo be laegedascardsen only dobor had of te actineer Deaiidparicuarsdcupoarditirontsof saeare ina preartin.an my e aditthMar ;ofMesr. icarasdthn valuertaand estate agen,Gog-te, med MR. ELLIS is diectd toSLtyoUTO,o morrow, pril17,at 12 n os MTRl,copiing r sevra Vattings, partitoning shopery fRonal and sahe,cubard freUonts sevh Uto12i,stor abot .00 Dutch cinkers tn tpsadpDn unttyofISewio adiusefuctuff May bhe Exieuosdo the laytped -lAPMr. d'eLLIS isq dieceaed, to SELL by AUCTION, at Gr rV zaway's, o C ernesday, oA Wensa,e Arlot3, aTHE 1,unesa HOLD DWE.LL1SIG-HO SE cihsontiigsix roPom,wth Garoden 1s terear, 150feth log,heldso theren siurty ofd beawg for three lives atd3 ren los.E per annum,- and ltheottrto arrsetbe tenn ath £1 peratinnufm, =Meaybeiewe 14 aysbprierwoteddasprorotele Particulars, wt odtos mayh bediios obtained oMessWeradSiHerslicttrs Cn ooper s'i-ha Batosin5eha oln-str-;a -ariaways; ofGr. ips, naget,tnear ees -h ninttonChrhanatteofcsfthauineer, 150, Minories,ciy Valuable Freehold Erstateti-. Aroalit,-stree, nerth fondo a,d Stpathan rine's Doks .3]jj,. LLIS is direcltjd the SExeLutor oftheON at Grawornill on Wednesday~i2l t1, Apirielo2, t 1, (unless HO ODWELLOPERT S, withpshops; also axPlot ofal Groundeinc wthe rear,wthhsheds thereongangrud, situate an en os. 112,es3. anrd 14 rent of 2 erlon aennumh and ith Potherswoaes inthey ccupaotion fof e asgentnletean?, wsabihonhave heldgor thes husperstforxieys eiast catbSers anum.rssn ro Ma be viewd4 daysn prior wetpo tesl.particuladrs,ii letheconitihegouns,ma bedtined rofm Messrs. or seittand Sotm, sol i- ceietos 5dLnome 's-in fcsi-ialdso at largeraoo'm andr tat theoffrices ofth aucitiefoner,10 adiionaseriens? city. t.hrsiece t Valsbe rehod stte,onMazehil,Grenich rent,e- foMtcu pation or investment,ulars -BARXEELL S (ofiece tohn- SELL b SECLLN by AlIt TIOarrawa's torheiliu, Ton eDnedy April 23, at 12, (unlressa accetabe offrtg bee prtateviouslyntd by prvae cota,)avlbe FROEEOD GItOUNDtTnd ompersingTan sexcuellndaiyrsdne froth coach-house, htobseng and gronds sitat onteatenbodr and pacoushall wih prtic nran Re n the loer try, andson au leveiwiThIhgoun,atdining roo, HIbrr orY s16igro, and ion-" vreninromsi ofthe Ces;t als Caney lare room oestbigaffordingfa cilitie ofo additional secredan ot a'a utdns Thrsae isatpresent occgrupid, huto early posessuion cpand oegvef rqie,Myb viewaedbcadonybeweilshourss,of 11 andr 4, and particulPr ards, withe Plansuand conitone of rul,0 mayer obtained 14rdayso p orf the sal f essrs. frmhee andes Smit, solian to4s, CnOGrera'tai, asogal streetdi ath G ear,ays At tehal Residene; and att e ofies Ofheac tioneer, 1w0,reiouses, city. rbsies rmse n On Gea Guy'sl Hospieta le stoande.uImpoed bRents. P Alewe.Atthrenta 0at teMart,TI DAY,mm April 16,U ate12sb rde Ofthces Mortg agee witrdte, costaenat Nor the d Mortgagor, ionea lt,e rAIrfrom 12tin brc-ulet heusnr aLndiac the spaiou premingHoses Occpidb Messs. olaan,NewWeson-aree.clset th Ne Leaisn.Ter-niaret for70 ear.-.Thepreise ma eiewdhyPrermisesio ofY thetvened Particulam-orsbtariLasned tr of 2ess8ye, eeae n years.latd, soli cintors. t3 posensulstreet;th atg' therueens Ar mo, ea tulheoestae; and ofin Vr arnes,1. Birh lane,s iB lm ard-strLEet, Graws Birebin-in thutne, eve ,LY UCTIN, atthe dart,THISDAY, pril16.andsi priotla,by Ordr o te CurtofChacer, he ollwig cpiand oREEhOL Kent Arms, North Woolsich, Kent.-A compact well-built Public- house. erected and liceesedwithin the last fouryears. 1ESSRS. WISBY and MILES wvill SELL by MYL AUCTION, at Garraway's, THIS DAY, April 16, at 12, the valuable LEASY, wvith possession for an unexpired term of upwards of 17 -sars at the low. rent of £45 per annum. The premises am well placed for business on the Blackmall-road, at the corner of the intended new road to time Victoria Docks and East Ham, an extensively populated and daily itcreasing neighbourhood, only two minutes' walk from the station of the North leoolwich Railwray. Maybe viewed until the sale, and particulars had; also at Garraway's; of Air. Ware, solicitor, Blackman-street, Borough; and of the auctioneers, 1D, Mountstreet, Westminster-road, Surey. Pall-mall,-Elegant Mliscellanies, Self-actig Organ by Robson, playing 40 popular Overtures, Quadrilles. Gran Pianoforte, Harp, &c. ESSRS. FOSTER aind SON will SELL by AUC- 1 I TION, at the Gallery, 55, Pall-mall, To-morrow. April 17. at I precisely, an assemblage of OBJECTS of ART and EMfBELLISH- ET, Irersoved from Hyde-park-place,) thepropertyof a gentleman inciudingDresden and Oriental china, bronzes, Hindoo and Chinese carvings, a noble buhl dock and bracket, a pair of old Sevres Seaux, pair of fluted marble pedestals. specimens of pearls, also a fine organ, a grand pianoforte, double-action harp, a planetarium by GUibert, &c. Mtay be viewed two days prior and catalogues had at 54. Pail-mall. 2,000 dozen of splendid beeswing Port, guaranteed all of one quality. Sandeman's brand and shipping, vintage 1840 bottled in 15-6, the property of a private gentleman, for absolute Sal. fHINNOCKr and GALSWORTHY are favoured with instructions from the Proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on M1onday, May 5, at 1 precisely, the above extensive and important CELLAR of POR1T WHR, nowlying where it was bottled in a vault, in Tweezers-alley.in Milford-lase, Strand, where it mav be inspected and sampled, and from whence it will be delivered, 'his wine was purcbased by the present owner during the panic of 1845, was immediatelybottled, and has sine been lying uodisturbed in the vault wer t was laid down, the owner having resided for many -years of the period abroad, The wine is ofvery fine delicate qualty in spleadid condition. good colour, superior favour, dry, and fuh of beeswing. It will be sold frou one sample. and the bhlk guarnteed of equal character to that tasted, and will be lotted to suit both the trade and psvate gentlemen. Messrs. Chionock And Galtworthy beg partioular,lyto direct the attention of£the public to this extraordhnay and genuine sale at A thus when wvine of such a character in only to be ebtainedim sml quantities, at fabuauos prise6. Heteiproprietors,i clulb-ouses, and the trade generally will fiad thiis sale particularl deserving of their especial notic. Sample better wll bescentto snv r e t of the country upon proper applicatiarsto MeanS. CbinnocX sod GaLrworih, the auctioneers, 28, liegemst-strect, on View.-Stock of jewellary. Watches Clocksi Plate and PM4e Articles. removed foe convenience of sale, IjI3ESSRS.DEBENHAMSTORP., and SON have King-seett, ovent-gadezn, THSDAY the 16thi iutant, DXAXO" RINGS, pins, maditudms, old xuwrd, neck, and. Albert ch-ains, Unan bra0elets, broocbes earrngs. andaiseklttes, 40 gold, aud sliver watdw4q Stieffield plated dishes andwcoers ap= = sik andwaiters, ~e andgit ork crdcases, cutlery. and efects. Onview.' WthOwihchronometer, duplex anlevermoremenst, by M t MC1bbMraraodealad the Is dinz tgu don makes, kc. JWjSSERS. . EBENHAMW, STORR, and SON-wil cludetebrlliiantring dreasbiAdaanidplos,dmi-onddloweadc,tber ~bocef :eant and bruckle bracelets, wt with prciu 2ewels W liad eawatches. elegan,t iasntellocs,1,50 conS.. oC stivertable and. sideboard p,late, Sheffield. plated 'ware dressing case,; Boaelthe Slks Vlves.Attire Brushes, 17 bogs of Spoeze, glgbt sut fHreClothing.flve sets of Hrarness, zc SBS.DEBEHAM,STORE, and SON 'will atthi Roms Covent-gassln,eFtikda A~sl 1, a 11 50 loeofvari d, rc atn,n eds of west ot.ngad clot n osi,18e andgstleens aoie,audaE mnallstock o edem,hres,sogs audorsclohin. OeieonThnraday. Thre Das? aleof ewes.Buoqteve, Watches Chonomneters, Regalatos, locs, IatePlaedAtices,&c-EardyNotice. J~JESRS DEBNHA, STRR,and SON will akt thei om,Kn-tet oetgre.o Tuesay'. jj~jR.C. . MYT wil SLLby, AUCTION, Mt,on We .a~the 30th April instant, at Al the LEASEHLD HOSE an PREaiSES.No. 1, Tufuel1-park-xoad_ Hollway Faricoassand Wodtoso ae masy be had of- Mr.- Freerie SIuds, oliito. 4 Dyrs'buidinE, olborn; Mr.C,. P Smyh,autinee, .Tloll-,ak-eraoe Hliwa;abdae the Wartk Household Furnitue stoneVases, Fountains, &c.-Early Baie. 1EFSR.B~MiOND and SILOART wil SELL I.LLL by AUCTION, aLt their great Rooms. 28. Chauoery-lane. on Friday. April 18, at 10 for U. a. quantity of useful second-hand HOUSEHOLD I5UB,XITURE and a small stok of artiadjalstoe foauntains, statues, vases, c,-, suitable for gardens ; 500 vols.of law aud maiwoellameonusbooks. On view theday pio-r,ndcatalogues ready. Stun-house. ilichraond.hill. II. JOHN DAWS ON will SELL by AUCTION1, MYat the Mart, THIS DAY5 at 12. the above very attractive RESIDENCE, asbe(oce adver-tised, lParticulars,withconrditions ofTsal, maybe obtained of Messrs. Powell.- Broderip, and Wilde, solicitors %, 'New-square idncoln's-inln; Wur, DAY Req. solicitor, 1, Queen-street, Mayfair; Z t the Mart; And at Mx. .iobnfawson'slandandanctime offices, Marlborough-chambers 49. Pall-mall. D3uabey. Herts.-Rtemarnagn Stock-in-Trade of a Drape and Hosies, and. about 6t i,O Uts oft use ful Ho us ehold Fu rniture, by ordler of the Proprietor. RVELL is insrcted to SELL by M IAUCTIOIL onthe Prm sse ute the church. Biashey an Wednesday. 16th iust., all the F ~ JI STOCK-in-TRADE. conlsisting of blankets, shawls, hoss, about 200 pairs gloves, with the urns! stocl- of a draper and hosier. Catalguea on the r - rat tbe aucioner's offIces,22 Oxford-street, london; loa h ht HatndRdLon Inns9, Bushey. ToaltalwayCompaules, Eugiuets Conbtratos and othes- e motvebe andUtensils of EanEgineer. UR .FIRBER WMl SELL by AUCTIOlf, at the ,ILLEngne ork adoinng he tarandGarter Inn, New-bridge, at 2 ur, te boeTaluable ENGINE, oIn rmcpl. heplnt ndutnslscons"s eta,small table engne nd ollr trnig lthe, blllngmachines, bcaches. forge, Unreserved. Sale.-Mlton Villas dIELbrook-read, Brxtn-Rtmae aunnual Taue £23 iLUR. ROB3ERT KENYOW WMl SELL by AUCw ILTIOINat theMXarb on Friday. April X at 8Wcsely in two let, LEENnewy~rete. gntelVLLARESDENCES, situate Ens St 1. Mlto Vlla, Mliroo-sod,Brixton. For particular. andcodiios o sleaply t heMat;to MessmrsPatersonand Genateel Furniture and Effects.-By M1r. J.PLE,ontePmis M.3 Albany-streetv Regent's-park, To-morrow, Arl1,a 2 ~ dlirection ot the Proprietor (the hlousie bigltntense ets of chairs, Hrusselsucrpes, Haraped eongravins, and other usual fect. Instrunents, R'I . SOOTCHIER is !Avoured with instmections to. SELL by AUCTION, at thu Auction Mart, ont Tuesedy. Apra. 22. at 1 for 2, upwadrd of 30 new and. second-hand PIANOFORTIESby3Broadwoni, Collard, Wurnum. Broadbhridge,andothereminentmakes.g also harmnonlusus by Alexander, harps by Erardl, &AL; together with conacertinas, flutes, violins, and ether musical instrunmests; being thei entire stockL Of Messrs Wilisn and Co., of Chelrasford, May be viewed the day prior and morningof sae. Catalogues had at the Mart,orcet the auctioneer. 70, Mortimer-street, Ceivendishl-square, Quality-court, Chatncery-lane.-Supevior modern Furniture, sDmn. Pa intig and P~rints, a fewe dozen of W-ines, Mc. ThFSSWST FAICE and CLARK will SELL by iNk AUCTION, at their Rooms, as above, on F,riday, April A8 at. U1for 12, auassenblageof handsome FURNITUlRE, comprisin,g sorewood andwalnut-tree ocotretables, marqueterle and other che4row-mes Teas chairs, cronhs a.of e bed hod cabinet"pao ls chandelier, pir 21 eligibl Frehold-Dwelling-houses, land-tax redeem:ed, ~,RHUMPHREjYS *il SELL by AUCTION, ast. itLGearcwaf's, on Monday. he.jth -inst., at 12, by order of thle surviving Executor of the late Me.(4og Stevens. ir, separat-e loet, 24newly-buit FREEHO DWI)W LLlGIN IOUSES, 'writh yards--and apputennces fomingthewhole ofXPinuce-Atgeett Bermzon *ea theOl. hurh,Retal sIl per annum. Pslartulars WITh ln annIed to be had of Mur. Jopael. Fintoar, theELxitetor,71'5 lk,dey- stret.Rusel-steet lermoudaeY "fri-.Phillips. joollector to the estate, 160. Rermondsystet Mr. Fr;al Hatten, lce,l,se street, Strand.; r.Tu,Humphrey,, oli-citar, if, Es ni-hi ~Leadenhllaret;a Garraway's; ~and of thd auctioneer, 61,.. TO Hotel P'roprietors, TaVern and Eating-boose Keepiers. Private Faral,-- - lies, and others R.PEAXE wil SELL by AUCTION, at the Auction ROOMS, 28, Leadenhall-street, city, To-morrow. end Friiday, APril 17 and 1S, at 12 each day. without the least resr,e; %e, extensive suLrPlus STOCK of a CHINA, and EARTHENWAR MAIMFACTURIIR, removed from the country ; coinprigia4 4Q din, ner Services of variouseolours and patternis, 100cbamnberacrv,es 20-L adepifnsl, for ptlicouse,~jd Auc,42ion, pursu-ange moualOds, l0gthe dishes,china oo0hr-ple, .dow ter auses,an obinwimnse.vakiepeac_ stoc. My b iwedon ednsda, 1toh,f Codr morings ofasale x:atr ctaloges, obtandatrcsna Mr. POI a h e er aste' offresn,4, Troadey- Deptfordi. and-numberaed b0y Auction3 4, ursuatbe wto an Omrdeovlted iGhon Court of Chancery madeint uon caus h'ob-esin onvw?kepreet 'wjith the -ay probat te erision of theeug owhs or thieause isnad ticulars, with conditions of sale, may be obtaLined six days prior to th dayv of sale, of John Downes _s_ solicitor, 1, Three Kins-cime Lombard-street, and Bromiey, Kent ; of Messrs. Par'kerVad on.9rsoi-- citors, Yewisham,Kent; of John Mortimncr,REs., solicitor,. 27.Cliffard'-fi inn; at the pinces of sale, andl taverns in the neighbourhood ; and at Mir. Noble's ofices, 15, liucklersbury, and. Londun-,ntreet, Greenwich. Sale on Friday, April IS, on the PreMises, 22. llenbigh-pVlace. Warwick-. square. Pimolico.- Modern. Furniture and Effects, Pino. Wine, &c. ?4ESRS.WELSFORD and Co. will SELL by AUTON, as above, at 12 fOr 1, the CONTENTS of the above. RESIDENCE, comprising drawing room. suite in walnut Icoveredlin Telvetl, noble chimney gl asses. Spanish mahogany for the dlining and breakfast rooms. two sets of tables, chairs easy chairs&, 8w, arosewoodf Thusda an monin ofade Caalouesonthe premises and of the aucioners 15 Quecss-rad,Esywatr, nd35, New Church-street, - 3Dean Forest and tbeHighmeadowWoods.-By, Mr.JA11S WHITE at the Speech-house, on Toesday, April22, by order of the Coi-- missioer in charge of Her Majesty's Woods and Forests~, in Depa BOU SC Loads of Oak Timber, noWTv~ing on .A.Cancl-biai about 600 tons of timber bark, to be strippet{ nezr - Tarkend an atthe Le Bailey. also about tE50 tons of baLrk from anid aboutr20etonsupeofbrk frodm youngituak ahndingse and seom erd- oo.CHAtaog EsSl shotl BAE R a readadmye otinedl on attil-- catui-onato SirLL Cmbell,TIIX Wllmad-pabin;o rs Raogoms2. Eliwood;sandeto TMr. DArd, Aprac16eland hTo-meaoprro, Ct1 oleSol, Old aiSdstmbrie of--ue niorf tueder modurnitr aUnd EfetsR, reinose Prising mahoganY four-post, A,abian, iron, and. other bedsteads, capital' clean bedding, kc., two mahogany winged wardrobes, sev-eral sets of mahogany drawers maLrble top mnahogany waqshtands, dressinz tables, cherril and toilet glasses shower and other bath%s, ct of' extending dining tables, mahongany couch, ease and dining room chairs, covered in morocco leather, siddeboard, dinner waqzons, 3rie,dsls and other carpets, noblechimneyad pier glasses, rosewoodj, o,card, andoccasionaltablee, rosewooddra ingroDrasulteindamnas& rosewood. davenport ebonized, an or-moulu cabinet, barometer by Doliond, elabrat hal elck,-lthmuscal hims, prchsedat, the sale of the intoLor Duce,ad mscelaneus efecs. bayb viewed the day pe vioslyandmorins o sae, ndcatloges adat the room; ando InteTown of Dorking. 1%JFESSRS. WHITE, and SO-NS re-spectfEilly notify JLthat they are instructed, pursuant to the directions contained ixt the Will Of the into M3r. Jarman Hope, de0ceased, to submit to SAUE, atthe RedLion HoteL, Docking, on Thursday. May S. at 2, in lotsa6 a commodious FREEHOLD FAMILY HOUSE with offices and large garden, Pleasantly situate in the Souith-stret of the town of D)orkingr, in tenure of (G. K. Paxon, Esq., surgeon; an excellenLt F~reehold Dwelliug-house. with handsome plate-glnass shop front, recently - modernisedand decorated, in a commanding situation for any genteel trade, beingon the north sideof theRigh-street, in tenureofr. piredkc. Gosling, tailor and man's mercer; a Pair of small exceedingly 'wellbuilt and convenientlY-arranged semi-etached Villas, with cmall ~2dnin frant and rear, very plaatyituate on the West side ofswr-oaiateeerncofheon;loadtced utae Residence, of similar design, and containing accommodation for the - immediate reception of a small genlael familly, adjoining thme last-meni.tioned. premiLses andtvo pairs of semi-detached cottage, nmearly-opposite, being eni the east side of the Hloward-road. The 'whole of the properties are exceedingly eligible either for investment eoreccupation, and of the annual value ofZ£26. To be viewved bypermission of tbo respective tenants only. Detailed particulars witha conditions of sale, may be obtained of Mr. Wenaklin, stationer. 01, Frigo-tet London; at the principal inns in the adjacent towns: of Messes, Smallpeire cud Down, solicitors, Dork-ing: and of White and SonsA, auctioneers, valuiers and. land agrents, Dorking, who will forward them on Pre-paid atpliration by post, alontgomeryshire.-Very superior and important reodEts situate in the several pirishes of Ievy Chiuresoe.adCtl C'aereinion, producing a rental of £77pr anu,adcop-sn above 874 acres. of mo't execeient lad li/R. WHITEHALL is instructed to fSELL byAUC313kTION., at the Royal Oa,k Hotel, WeLshpool. in maid coonty, on the 28th day of May nert. at 4, the wholeof the above ESTATES, in fire lots. Thu estatesare,cumpact andlet tcro-ponsiblo tenants,atv,ery low rents; have ameet luxuriant growth of timber and.coppice-wood thereon; are situare in tMe most fertile and picturesque parts of the~ county of Montgomery and lie within a convenient distance from lime and coal, Thle Afontgoloeryshire canals and railways (now in. formationi hrmWllpool, through Shrewsbury aLnd Oswestry,-win afford daityoommunications toall parts of the kngo,LI ad2 are distant one mile from the borolugh town of Montgomecry, six frozm Newton, and eight from 'Welshpool: andlota 3,4 and , 'within three miles of Welshpool. The propeerty is. well stocked with game, andis eligible alike for inv-estment or for buiilding (on lot I) a magnificeentresidence~, wthmost Leelgbtful and pictures,que views, LotL,A capita! Freehold )Mesua-e andIands, calletheFarinandMelynywern writha cottage, garden, and. land attached, in the occupation of Mr. Cornelius Pryce, in the parisesoflterryandChurchstoke,containing437a. hr.7p., letfor the yearlyrent of £400, Lot2lAMVessuageorTenement,eanedtee Cwm, in the oc-upation of M1r. John Thomas, in the perish of Kerry. ,conLtaining6La. 2r. 28p.,let forthe yearly.xent of £1. LotZ. Avalaable Tenement, Farm. and. lends, called Mniydog licha, in the occpationL of Mr. 171lliam floyd, inx the perish of Castle Caereiolon, contaminin lOSr. Sr. l2p., let for the yearly rent of £40. Lot 4.AMessoags FArma. and Lands, called Mo0ydor Fawr and. Fiach, in the OccuPatloe of Mr. Richard Rtobinon uthe pariab of Caste Caereinion, containing 1490a. Or. 26p.. let for`tbe yearlret of £100. LotS. A ms valuable and importanit M,ezsuageoyrTenement,Farrn,andLoa4e,calod Hengym intheocupaionof r.Bra Evns,inthe arsh if0kastl Oseeinon,conainng160. l. 4., et ortheyeamy entf £10 For frthe partculas aply toMesss. terslyadSn oiirs WeIspoo: Daid.Daves, eq. h'nodvle lanIlo nd2fess
