- DEATHS. On t hofarL st, of cola at the Manrttus, I redericd 3Dad rc,Inhs2t year. ony Pno . Ctecs,Eq Caetw. On the 31st of Maylast, ats, George-stret, Devonport Wlliam J. F. Rali. eldest son of Captai W. Sing mlI, .B., E, S. Calcutta. agsd ovent years, On the 26thAnt,~ at Holbrook, Charelotte Deane, eldest surviviing daughter of William Deane, Seq., of Altlon Hall, Suffolk. IOn~ the 10th nIt., at New York, Sarah Maria, the last surviving Lauzater of It . Sambrook, FBee, the beloved wife of George Henry Summers and granddaughter of James Smith. MEq., to the inexpressible grief of all relatives and friends, aged 25 years 11 months. To heuw her trulywas to love her. Onthegthinst., atherresidence, Peckham-sye, Elizabeth ratience Peacock. in the T4th year of her age second daughter of James Pexock, Seq.. Ltte of Pinsbury-square, London. On thae 1h inst at 42, Up per George-street, Brranton-equare, Bridget, daughter of Thomas liurbidge, Esq., of Green-street, Grosvenor-square, aged 75. On the 11th inst., atLangley, Backs, Mrs. Peevor, aged 6T. On the 11th inst, in the 12th year of his age, Charles WillLam John, the lovinZandloved child of EdwardWill-imn and ElizabethWyon. On the 1lth inat, at Bankside, Southwark, Hamuilton Blackwood. flq., aged Uf. On the 11th ist, in London, at the residence of an old friend, anter twso daya illnees, George Bryan Bryan, Seq., barrister-at-aw, aged 27. On the 11th test, at Spencer House, Cobbam. Snrrey, after intense suffering, Charles Wfooltet Bowar s,q., lato of Hongkong, aged 31 years. On Saturday, the L2th inst., at Budstone, Yorkshire, the Bev. Robt. Dall1i, vicar, aged 51'. On the 12th Int.. at Belmont, Kent, John Townend, SEq., aged 39. On the 12th ist., at Tyseen-terraee, Dalston. lmrs. Jane ityater, in kerMGsh ear. On the ISth ins., at adgate the Pov. Fphrim Hemmings Snoad, 3LA., of iAhford, lent, in the 53th year of his age. On the 13th Inst., at 2 Graea-insns-quaro, James Smith, Esq., aged 75.1late of Coppiengreen, Shiff-all Salop. On Sanday, the 11th inst. after a long Ines,L Frances, eldest and be-loved daughter of Wiliam korudge, Seq., of Kilburn. On the 11thL inst., at Margate, Sarah, theobelosedivife of Thomas Drake, of Yo. 2% Down Cottas, Shaklewell, Mlddlesex, Her end was peace. On the 14th inst., at Worthing, Miss Hams, of Munster House, Fulhams, aged 35. On the l1th inst., at King2land, Mr. Etherldge, in the 72d year of his sge, deeply anddeserveedly regretted. On the 14th inst., at Brighton, deeply regretted, Edward Vernon 'Uttessn, Es. aged 79. 0-aitelith inst, Chazles, third son of George Jepeon, 3 ea., Gains. On the lth bnst, at 2, Abercromby-place, Edinburgh. John Taylor, hLD., Fellow of the Rtloal College of Physcians. aged 52 years. Oa the 1Sth too., at his residence, No. 13, Brunswick-square, Bryan Hoele, Seq., of No. 10, New-Inn. At her house, Dunoon, Argyllshire, Mms. Malcolmn, in the 87th year of leer age.
E?onr? te ZOYDaz GAZETTE of Tucsjy, JTuly 15. AT THE COURT AT BUCKINGHAM PALACE Trn- 1') The Queen, as Sovereign of the htost Noble Order of the Garter, has been graciously pleased by letters 'atent under her Royal sign manunland the Great Seal ot the Order, beannz date this day, io disnense with all the statute3 and regula;sons usualy observed in regard to installations, and to grant nnto the Right Hon. Hugh Earl Forteacue and the Right Hon. Henry John Viscount Palmerston, Mnights of the most Noble Order, and duly invested vith ensigns thereof, full powser and authori7 to exereise all rights snd privileges belonging to a Knig t. Cosupanion of the bloat Noble Order of the Garter, in as full and ample a manner as if they had been formally installed', any decree, rule, or usae to the contrary notwithstanding6. __ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ a - FOREIGN\-OFEICE, JuLY 4. The Queen has been graciously pleased to appoint Ales2nder Fraser, Esq., now British Consular Agent at Batavia, to be Rer ijesy's Consul at Batavia. The Queen has also been graciously pleas3ed to appoint Thomas Bonhote, Esq>, now British Consular Agent at Sourahaya5 to be Hler ?Majesty'e Consul at Sourabaya. The Queen has also been graciously p leased to appoint Dlonald MahEnine, E sq., now British Consular Agenlt at Sasnarang, to ho Hier Majesty's COnSUl at Samarang. - DOWNING-STREET, JuLY 14. The Queen has been pleased, by license, dated 20th of Febrary, 1S56, to grant to John Ord, of -Litherland, near Liverpool, late master mariner, Joseph Hindson and James *Renshaw Hayes, of Liverpool, merchants and brokers, their executors, administrators, and assigns, the sole and exclusive right, forthe term of five years from the date of such Ircense, toraise and take away guano and other substances capable of being used in manuring land, from the three *islands of Jibleea, UnasIe, and Ghurzoa3, in or pear the bay -of Kooria booria, on the south coast of Arabia, and to constrct all such works or buildings as may be necessary for that purpose, which said islands (with the islands of 1tala*neea and? Soda) were formnerly pazt of the dominions o. the naxum of MIuscat, and were by His Highness ceded to Her Majesty, her heirs, and successors, in fnUl property and doinion. JULY 15. The Queen has been pleased to appoint John Trounsell .Gilbert, Esq., to be Solicitor-General for the colony of British Guiana, and Henry Tudor Davies, Esq., to be Chief -Magistrate forthe colony of Hongkong. BOARD OF TRADE, WHETEHALT, JunY 14. The Right Honourable the LordsoftheCommittee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, hrough the Secretary of State for Foreign airs, a copy of a cespatch from Her Majesty's Ambassador at Panls, enclosing copy of a French Imperial decree, sathorising the estalishent of a dep0t for nastive sulgar at Havre. Also copy of a notification to the effect that machinery * ntended for the manufacture of drainage pipes will be adxmitted into France at the duty of 15f. per 100 kilogranunes; machinery for the purpose of crushing or preparing the material for the tiles, or all other accessory machines inported singly, not being cerplete in itself for the mannfacture of drainage pipes, will continue to pay the import d tyappicable to machines other than steam engines not WAR DEPARTMENT, PAL-MAL, JULY 15. arenaedier Regent of Foot Gusrds.-Lieut. and Capt. and Brevet .Iet-CtL Cnthbert George Bunson tobe Capt. and Lieut,-CoL.,wthout p urchase, vice the Ion, A. F. Foley, pronotedl AD3IIRALTY, JuLY 9 Corps of Royal MEarines. BREVET. Captain Yicholas Moore having been aLowed to retire on full pay, urnder the provisionsof Her Majesty's Order in Council, Sept. 13,185g, to te M1ajor, the sank being honorary only. *JULY 10. _' t r of R ollisya Mres flss-LenAylliamJmninsmantobe Capt., vice Moore, retired Seconid-Lieut. Charles Durham HIocurtRePi3liard to be iast 3ieut., vice Kinsman, promoted. CcoMMlSIoNs 3igned bythe Lotn-L wsTs-A?T of the Countyuof FuosKne, RegaRoirfo Yeomnanry Chaylry.-Thonas Gee. elBowyes-ll, Earl of Slrthmnere. to be Lienlt-Cot.; the He n. Cland we Bves- on, inate Lent. 2d Life Guards, to be Capt.; David Graha-Drummeond odl. of Aire, tor e Casoe Sir Themes Mfnorr , Bart. t lte Capt ith e to he Capt. iia, n Henry Kiennedy Eine late Capt 17th Lancers, to bChpe Lent - By the LosnLssorssarrof the Countyof BiCrosneesn Td31egimendt of Royal Bucks Yeomanry Caralry.-Willian Sisberly gent., to be Comret. [this "a retims contaius notices that the following places have been aduy registered for the solessniration of marriages therein. -] * Wenleyan Chape, Si. Marye' o siHantnCgd.on esloyan Maethodist Chapel, dacombe, Devon. PATESB]F DiSOL0TIPT Troth and Go., aindC-o.e, merehanWts-T.onaen and Co., Eidaon, Dersetobien, twine mas.ufotde ers; as far as regards . Tucker. CrtandJ,leptinsteleU BaGnoleyh linersnclokaers.-B. Sheryorhand &o Coni3bee, Cobban;, Surrey, iroumongera-Walteu, Viney, and Co. tendon; Wslton, Bushels, and Co.. Cape Tow;n- and Constable,BuheUl, and Co., or B. Walton and Go_ Syiney.-Ellen and Bebro, hlanchester, feat deaters;* an fa,r as regardls B1. Bebro.-E. - nd SC Bar, Durmley. Gloeeslershise. eloobmakese.-Tie Nitoopheephated Sew,age meanure CamW, and Croydon Mlanure oDmpa Croydos asf as regardsJ. Vmdovw--R Scholefield, W. Scholefield jun., and J. esborne-J. Bingham and Co., kiverpool, commission merchants; as far as regards T. Bingbann-Seniora, Fenton, and Bailey, Hecksondwdlke, Yorkshire. wool scribblers ; as far as regards J. Senior.-J. lWllcock and Co.. Manchester, coal merchants.-Carke aLd Jerome, Bentley, Staffordshire. ironmaster-Lockwood and Keighley, Huddersfield, merchants-Parkin and Go., Bransoton, nesr OrnesterieldL brewers , as far as regards F. EL Cbambers.-Wilson and Denby, Gainsborough. grocer-Jackson and Whitaker, Halifax. Yorkshire. worsted spinners.-WViams and Clapham, Strand. goldsnitbs.-Noble and Dferryweather, Whitby, Yorkshire, surgeon dent. Da.-FW. Aron and J. W,.Battley. Bowv-cowmle-n, snd esewhere, Ilamotlack manufactorer.-Niclhells and Baralough, Shaces. near endon-bridge, and KinhWithiamestreet, wino merehmnta-R. D ' Nfewton sail. V. Wat'ries,, Warwick-equare, Ifesega-te-etreet, sdvertirngagents.moisty and Sale, AahwelL, Hertford2hiro, or elsewhere, * rewers-W. IL and 3. Bliss Oxfordi, paidnters. DECLhARATIONS OF DIVIDE3fDS. B.u DawYes, Woirerhampton, licensed victuaLler-firFS div. of 2s. lid, any Friday, at Mlr. Whitmore'a Birmingham. J. Edge, Kidderinrinster, carpet manufacturer-first div. of 4d1, any Thurday, at Sir. Christie's, Birmingham. BANKRUPTCY ANNULLED. lichard Nelson, Leeds, tallor. BA"NKRSVFTS. John M3oMllan, Wolverhamr ton. publican, to sTurreder July 25. Aug. 15, at half-past 1 o'clock, at the Birmingham District Court of Bankruptc7: solicitors, Messm Batlett, Wolverh3mpton; and Mtessrs. Il0tteram and Knight, Birmingham; official assignee, Mr. Whlitmore, Birnssghmzn. JohniFosthumous Davies, Merthyr Tydfl, chyniust, July 28, Aug. 0s, atil o'clock, at the Britol District Court of Bankruptcy: solcitors. Meses Brettan and Soes, Bristol; official assignee, hlr. Acra- .Joh~nBYlrel4anaJames Blakeley, ThorohilL Yorkshire, builders, ~~~~~~cauemae.July 25, Aug. 22.aDt 'lc, at th ed ititCuto ak ruptcy: esheiters, Mr. ChaCdwickj, s ewbry -anads , MaessersBon and Barwclk, teeds: of fica ra ssienee, 3r. Younlg, teeds i Samuel Sketchiey, Rorneastle, inroinshire, scrlvener, July-0. Aug. £0, atel3'clock, at the L;eeds District Court of Bankruptcy, TownhaU, lKingston-upon-HuLll: solicitor,hfr. Tweed, Lincoln; offlcial asesignee. MIr. Hiope, Leeds. Sllm Homer Manehe,te, clabgw,irnetmakger.uy2, Aug. 25, at 12 co, o'loc ate he anhester DistrictCourmt ofrBJankruptcy ealicit, Mr.2 La mb, 3fanehester; official assignee, Mfr. Fraser, Manchester. DIVIDENDSB Ang7. 8,1W. Gittus, Islehamn. Cambridgeahire, draper.-SAg. 6,, R. ToleorS,. Folifoni'e-plaoe, Seutbgate-rese, buXiden.-Arg. 14, D. W., Birmingham, tailor -Aug, 8 IV Farmer Birminham, nalmafc turer.-Aug'. 5, N;. and T. A::dr-ew, Geleshond, Ironmonger;-Aug. lit Helen's, Lacashlre, mBieier-ASnaug. . t Mckluennil, tive;rpeol CENTWCATng to be granted, unless cause be shown tothe con trary, on the day of mneeting. Au. r. ne woe abdeotsHrf~su~oer.-Aug, Farmer, Bristol, buldcer.-Aug. 7, G. GSidley, Terquxay, eharebreker.- EtonuponHull cusvir.-g. 14, WiV. oAwre,CoveEntprby, buildr.duAug O4. Spencer, Birsmingham draper,-Aug. 12, F, Cooper, Derby, ,SCOTC SEQiJYSTRATOSf at the Globelanl Hotelug, Shlnegow. , irOnmnOgerS, July23, at 12 oddock,
THE CRT IEAN SOLDIEBS. TO TIEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir-I was most delighted to-day to see in fe Times the le~ tter sind"ai, the writer so well expresses mny views tad vwishes with regard to asking the brave fellows from the Crimea to come amd dine witT us. How happy would any Englishme n have been in the trouble these bravo fellows have gone through, not only to ask them to dine but to spend a week or month with us, could they have done so; and, now that the danger is past, I do trust we shall not forget the claims they have upon us at home, who have dinecl any a day. when they haveonot. I am sure "a Cvis's letter only requires to be noticedl by your powerfl pen, and Iwill answer for it notonly ever Guad n London shal dine, but every soldier in Eng dallh t. We have some cavalry now stationed wit , d hpe toscein a day or two a lender in Thze Times which WMl cause them to say they dIo not regret being "1sent to Coventry."1 "1Civis?" talks of a lO0g. subscription; I should be glad to give 54.; but I would not refuse the poor man's penny. Itis not e dinner,btthewelcomeandappriation of their bravery and endurance, these good felw woul prze.I wuldpropse,the, tat f pssible somec-nedaysheldbsetapar tofeat al te sodesin the thre ]ngomsit il henon te lsswelcome to be a rrutig,shul tisbeto lngfo isetin,you WME S. 0. Z. uoventry, vi uy i4.
PArCE OP MEAT. TO TBEM EDITOR OF Tag rLMS. Sir,-There is an anomaly in this matter which to common minds is inexplicable. In 1854 and 1855 at themet olitan market beef and matton ranged 4s. to 5o. Beef an mtton cost thon 7:d. to Sd. a pound, and very dear we thonht, it, In 1856, on the same day, beef and mnutton are till ro 4s. to 53. at narket, but the butchers chaTgo us 9d. and 9Ad. Thus theirprofit5seem tebeincrezsedexactly 2d. a-pouid. Whyis this? Bread and sugar and coals fellow the xise and fall of the market. feat alone seems onl,l to rise, and never to fall. Amidst all the now companies starting into existence it is smpisng not to see any whicb, combinig a number of iunal capitals, might p the great profits of the rmeat trade and at the same time deal fairly with the crm. A BE"-EATEE,
1-:-, --BML WAYZITELIQ ZKCB. --- a(RV.T mvATh A meeting of the hareeholders in this oompany ws held yesterday at the london Tavern prepartory to the annual general meeting of the company in Brussels on Saturdaf next; 3 M. W. Reed in the chair. i. Coxhead, the secretary, read the report, which stated that as nearlythe whole of the preprietors of the railway were resident in England the present meeting had been con vened by the diroctors to afford whatever information might be required. At the time of holdingthe last meetinz (October 11, 1855), in London, the board had just concluded a convention with the Belgian Government, by which the company were relieved from the liabiity to forfeiture 'which had been incurred by reason of the non' execution of the works of the railway within the time stipulted by the concesion. A most improvident contract had been entered into by the chairman of the former board of directors, by which the contractor had the right to lay down the permanent way on the entire line at a price far beyond that which it was proper to pay; nor were the disadvantages of this contract confined only to the price agreed to be paid. The present board contested by legal means thevalidity of the-contract, andactingunderthe best legal advice they coula obtain compromised with the contractor by paying him 345,000f., or 13,800?. for the abandoiment of the contract and for the settl-ing of all other disputed matters between him and the company. By this compromise the saving of not less than 1,000,00oF (40, -) has been effected in the price now to be paid for the construction of the works between Namur and Arlon, delay in the executtion of these works will be avoided, and a pretension set up by the contractor that he was entitled under the contract to lay down any futare sidings or doubling the line of railway at the same price, is entirely extinguished. Having got over this difficulty, the directors have contracted with responsible parties and upon satisfactory terms for the whole of the works of the entire railaay from Namur to Anrlon, the time for the completion of the whole line being within that which is prescribed by the las't convention with the Government. The line is already opened between Namnur and the company's station at Brussels. The junction line between the Great Luxembourg Railway and the State line at Brussels, which will effect a continuous line of railway to the port of Antwerp, will be completed by the end of September next. The time, stipulated by the contract for the completion of the works between Namur and -Ciney, 1S miles, is the 31st of Deember, 185T, And the entire line to Arlon, about c6 idditional mile's,sven nobiths after that period. WVithr m id-to the& tfficien of the capital, it was shown in Octo'cer last that the present capital of 100,000 shares, nomxinallyof 201. each, and' , OOo - a- tions of 4?. each, there wvould be a deficiency of Ih500e and the board see no reason to expert that this samowl be materially exceeded. With respect to the trafec, the net prefit of working the railway and canal up to the eud of last year was only 7791. The smallness of this amount is in a great degree owaing to the opening 'of the very short length of railway from Brussels to Lia Hulpo, 91 miles, before the accession to office of the present board, the unnecessary number of persons employed in conducting the same, and other unjustifiable expenses. The expenses were 201. 8s. per mile per week, whiCh was more than double the sum received for the traffic. Since the opening of the line to Namur, on the 14th of April last, the receipts have averaged 17L 13s. per mile Per week, while the working expenses have not exceeded 3. per anile per week. The recei?ts of the first week of the Present month were 7001., or 20 12s. per mile per week. The present board felt that an unjustifiable use had been made of the funds of the company in reference to the obtainment of the concession of the Grand Junction Railways by the chairman of the former beard, and they are stil of the same op inon; Sir W. Magnay, however, offered by letter, vhich was read at the meeting of the 12th of February, with his friends, to take the Grand Junction lines off the hands of this company, and to reimburse the money whch it was alleged had been paid as the cost of the concession, and also deposited with ,he Government as caution. money. This promise so madvs the directors have always been anxious to see fu filed. They havenrePeatedly invited Sir William Magnay to that fulfiIment, but-he having failed to do so the directors have decided it to be their duty to institute proceedings in Chancerv for an account and restitution of the money. But inasmuch as this company are pressed by theBelgian Government to commence the works on these lines, the directors have judged it right, at the same time that they urged Sir William Magnay to a performance of his promise, to receive proposals from any other parties acceptable to the Belgian Government wvho may be dispsed to adopt the enterprise. Since the last meeting of the proprietors a negotiation had been opened with the Paris and Strasburg Railway for worling the Luxembourgline. Theproposal was that the Strasburg Com. pany should, as a zisinimum, pay to the Luxembourg an annual sum equal to 3per cent. on the share capital of the company, as well as 5 per cent. on the obligations of the company, and provide a sinking fund for the redemption of the latter ; besides this the Luxembourg Company were to receive an addition of I per cent., making 4 per cent. when so much was earned on their railway, and one-half of whatever profit was made upon the railway exceeding 4 per cent. t was proposed that the line should be worked under the inspection and control of a joint committee, but as the directors of the Strasburg Company would not aree tolit, the directlors of the Luxembourg considered it thir duty to break off Itha negotiation. The capital account showed that 1,632,8351, had been received, and 1,609,1661. expended, including 101,6951. for cost of concession of railway and prelimninary expenses, 260,2011. for canal concession, 18O,091! interet to shareholders, 26,651?. for shares bought in 1851 for alleged servces, 5S,000 loans to Charles Stewart [in 1I5, and44,857?. on account of Grand Junction concession leaving a balance of 23,6691. The revenue account showed thatlO,153?.-had been received from traffiefor the year 1855 and 9,342?. expended, leaving abalance of SIO8. The receipts on the canal for the same period amounted to 1,372?., and the epenses to 3041., leaving a profit of 1,0681. on the work. ing. e profit onworldng the railway and canal for the year 1855 amountedto 1,8791., from which was deducted ,1001. loss incurred in working the line in 1S4, leaving a balance of 7791. tothe credit of revenue. The Cr ar, in moving the adoption of the report, adverted to the various matters therein, and said, he would have great pleasure in answering any questions with respect to the affairs of the companV. the works on the lie were all contracted for; they were in a position to know what the railway would cost, the len-th of time required for its construction, and they cou?d form an opinion when it was probable they should put a dividend into their pockets. The time allowed the contractors would be sufficient, and, considering the vigour and abiity of the contractors, the works might be completed at an earlier period, provided the money was forthcoming when required. With regard to the working of the line by the former board, nothing could exceed the absurdity of the arrangements for working ninemiles of railway. Thereeeipts amounted to 8l. per milper week, andthe expenses to 201. per mile per week but now the receipts amounted to 20?., and the expenses to Sl. per mile per week. (Rear, hear.) Atthe tme the present board eame into office they found that an excessive number of enzploy6s had been engaged to work the traffic. Twelve guards were appointed to attend four trainas each way per day on nine miles of railway. There were a number of persons engaged who were receivinghalf-payfromthecompany,but they were kept out of the way. With regardto the Grand Junction concession,the directors wereof opinion thatthe company ought never to have been identified with it. Theywere in hopes it would been taken off their hands, but at the last honr and minute a proposition was put into their hands by Sir W. Magnay, from unknown parties, which could not be entertained. As to the Droposition for leasing the line to the Strasbonrg Corpany, there was no security given that the -divdend would exceed 3 per cent., and, however glad they might be: to have 3 per cent. secured to them, they might purchase it at too high a price, and he thought on the whole they would bein a much better poseon by preservng their independence. After some observations from MRr. SEnrorx and Mr. A seRTro?o, with respect to the Grand Junction concession7 SW. MAGNAY endeavoured to defend the management of the former board, and contended they had let the contracts at very low prices; the contractor without his (Sir W. Magnay's) authority, was allowed to abandon the- contract for earthworks, and retain that for the permanent way. He then entered into some explanations wilth respect to the concession for the Grand Junction lines, which it was said was not a Prudent bargain, and that he (Sir W. M1agnay) had not fulflled his engagement. Jle had offered some time ago that if the company were notprepared to I ake the lin headhis friendswoald take it off their hands Some delay occurred, and he concluded that the directors had ir.vestigated the matter. for he had heand nloeng aaout it until he was asked whether he was wreay to take it off their hands. He was ready, but they were bound to miakea the line in a certain time, and that period had expired. He had been in negotiation with the directors, and had asked for time so that the parties with whom he was in treaty might be able to ramse the money and have a clear field to do so, but now there were other parties in the field who would get the concession for nothing. If they would treat al parties alke they should have the money before a month passed over their head. The CiRAne said, he wished to deal with facts. Sir W. Magnay had been dealing with hypothesis and intentions. These intentions remained unfulfilled. He (Sir W. Magnay) had stated that he had not been urged to fulfil his enga,ements to the company, but he (the Chairman) feared that jir W. zgagny had a most defective memory, for he had been urged repeatedly, and recently by a Chancery suit, and to the present time nothing had been done to fulfil those engagements. All the directors required was that the 45,001. which was taken out of the funds of the company should be returned; 20,0001. of that swn was lodged as caution money with the Belgian Government, and 25,0001. was alleged to ce paid for the Grand Junction concession. They only wanted those sums brought back to the coffers of the comdpany, and that was what Sir W. Magnay had promised to do.JlHear, hear.) Sir W2. ALG1xAY said if they would give him back his consideration they shoud have the money. The CwA nT?rA. wantedthe money, and if it were lodged in responsible hands they would undertake to give him his concession in all respects as good as when he obtained it. There would be no difficulty with the Government. In reply to questions from Mr. SEmvouit, it was stated that the whole of the 5Z. uncalled would be required for the works. They wanted the money as soon as possible. Resolutions were passed adopting the report, reserving the items with respect to the Grand Junction concession; authorizing the directors to deal with the concession as they may be d sed; re-electing theretiringauditors, andvoting them 501. or their services. Avote of thanks to the chairman and directors concluded the proceedings.
CI'YSTL PA&cE.-ON S}umnG DAY, Tuesda~y, Juily 16.-Admissions on payment, 10,344; ditto by reason tickets, 677;* total visitors, 11,021L We are requested to state that M2r. Wynne'e nasne does not appear in the list of the division npon Mir. }enddl's amendment relative to thesalriesoftbe agis. trars of County Cod2rs, and that he voted in tho inlority.
- PARLIAMENTARY INTOLLIGtZNOB. -- HOOUSE-OF LORDS, TUSY.- JUrY i5. The Earl of 3LMNTOfpresented several petitions froiJedburh. and other places on the eubject of the Scotch Parochial Schools BilL THE COM1ANDE R-IN-IEF. The Dnke of SOMERSET said that it would be in the recollection of their lordsaips that two years ago, when the department of the Secretary for War was created, considerible discuwion took place in both Houses of Parliament on the relative duties of the Secretary for War and the Comniander-in-Chief. It was asserted that those two departments would never aetharmoniouly together, that difference of opinion between them would oeeasion delays, that those delays would be attended with inconvenience to the public Eervice, and that the responsibility whicb was considered essentialforthe efficiency of the service would be neutralized. An opportunity, which they all regretted to have occurred, bad now presented itself for making a changeinthe position of the Commander-in-hief, and he wished to know whether, in making the new appointment, Her Majesty had been advised to make it in any different way from the mode in which former appointments of the same kind had been conferred; and whether the position of the Commanderin-Chief in regard to the Secretary for War had been in any way altered, and whether it was proposed to create any Board to assist the Commander-in-Chief ? Lorcd PANKUB, in answering the questions put to bim, thought it best to state briefly that with regard to the oflice of Commander-in-Chief no alteration had taken place in the shape of giving that officer any Board to assist him in the performance of hisduties; and, in respect to the present appointment, no difference had been made in the relations wvhich existed between the Secretary for War and the late Commander-in-Chief. In the relations which existed between the Secretary of State for War and the Commander-in-Chief, he considered that entire responsibility for all acts of the Commanderin-Chief rested with the Government of the day. The Commander-in-Chief mado no -ppointments in the superior departments without consulting and obtaining the concurrence of the Secretary for War and in the administration of the minor patronage of thee amy that officer acted on his own responsibility, subject only to the control of the Secretary for War. Haviig thus answered the questions put to him, he felt he should not be fulfilling the duty he owed to the late Commanderin-Chief if he did not express his deep regret at the circunstance which bad induced the noble lord lately at the head of the Army to resigahis command. He knew no individual who had filled that situation with such entire satisfaction to the army, the Sovereign, and the country as the noble lord whose services had just terminated. (Hear, hear.) He knew of no individual so entirely qualified to undertake that most responsible duty as that noble lord from the fact of his having been brought up at t'nefeet, he might say, of the great captain of the age, of his having gone through the Peninsular war, of his having heen connected not simply with the British army, but also with foreign armies, and, finally, in consequence of hishaving seen war on the largest scale on the plains of India. (Hear, hear.) To all this general experience, the noblelord added the experience of Master-General of the Ordnance, and for all these reasons he knew of no individual so highlyqualHied tofill the office of Commanderin-Chief. There was no doubtthat the army would greatly miss his services; and for himself he must say, that since he had held the office of Secretary for War he had had no difference with the noble lord, and all business transactions were conducted between them with a harmony and friendship which he should never cease to remember. (Hear, hear.) Lord MELVILLE said, he had derived great satisfaction, and he was sure the whole army would also deriyve satisfaction, from the testimony given by the noble lord to the character and services of the late Commander-ia-Chief. (Hear, hear.) He must say, with the experience he had had in service, and in consequence of what he had witnessed during the last year and a-half, he thought the time had now come when a Cabinet minute should be drawn up, to receive the sanction of Her Majesty, defining where the duties of Secretary of State for War ended, and where those of the Commander-in-Chief began. In order to provide for the efficiency and proper organization of the armY, he thought it indispensable thiat all promotions should he vested in the Commander-inChief, as well as everything relating tu the discipline of the &rmy. At the p resent moment there was a divided authority, and great difficulty had in consequence been experieneced n carrying on the duties connected witthe administration of the affairs of the army. BISHOPS OF LONDON AND DURHAM RDTIRE- MENT BILL. The LORD CHANCELLOR Losetomove the second reading of this bilL He should have supposed, he said, that it would have been received with universal approdation if he had not received an intimation to the contrary on moving the first reading. The object of the bill was to enable very imporbant daties to be adequately discharged, which the present holders of the offioes upon which the discharge of those duties devolved had earnestly represented their inca. pacity to discharge. The right rev. prelateswho had so long adorned the sees of London and Durham had gained for themselves, not only from those with whom they were ieamediately connected, but from the country at large, an amount of approbation hardily to be exaggerated. His right rev. friend tlh Bishop of London, with whom it had been his good fortune to be intimately acquainted from his earliest years, had discharged his high duties with a singleness of purpose, with a disinterested desire to benefit those who were placed under his care, rarely equalled and never surpassed. (Hear, hear.) It was impossible that every act of that right rev. prelate during his long tenure of office should have met with universal approbation, but he believed thathe shouldnotbe contradicted when he asserted that the large revenue at this right rev. prelate's command and the whole of his time had been devoted to the advancement of the spiritual and temporal interests of those over whom he presided. The same observations were applicable to the Bishop of Durham. In one respect those two right rev. prelates occupied different positions, The bishopric of London was not iwhat was called a " regulated bishopric," but the Bishop received the whole of the revenues of the sec. The Bishop of Durham, on the other hand, who hadbeenappointedto his seaftertne zule hadibeen adopted that a fixed sum should be paid to the bishop calculated on the assumption that the see would yield a given income, was to receive, under the provisions of the statute, a net income of 8,0001. a-year. It turned out, however, that the revenue left at the disposal of the bishop greatly exceeded that sum, being abos,t 13,0001. a-year, and the right rev. prelate had, with great liberality, set apart the surplus to form a fund, called the " Maltby Fund," for the benefit of his diocess. The Bishop of London had received the entire revenues of his see, which might be stated at somewhere about 18,0001. a-year, whereas if the bishopric had been-regulated the income would have been about 10,0001. The Bishop of Durhnam was very advanced in life, he was nearly blind, and quite unable to discharge the duties of his bishopric. The Bishop of London, although by no means so advanced in life as the other right rev. prelate, unfortunately had a severe paralyliic attack last autumn, which would Probably prevent him from again attending to his duties. Both those right rev. prelates in the course of last month communicated to the Government their desire to be allowed to retire from their of fices, because they felt that they could no longer discharge their duties. The Government then had to consider what steps could be taken to comply with their request. He did not say that some geseralmeasure on this subject would not eventuly have to be introduced, but there was great difficulty ing any general measure, because the incomes of most of the iseps having been fixed at from 4,000L to 5,000L. a-year, those incomes could not very well be charged with any sums as allowances to retiring bishops. But the case of the Bishops of London and Duream appeared to the Government in many respects exceptional. There was a great theoretical if not pra¢M¢cat difference between the bisholriw of London and' other bishoprics, inasmuch as the duxtes attachud t aitwere made more numerous and important. A sanilar observation wns appli¢able to the bishopri of Durham, the metropolitan see of the north. The Government, in considerin,g the cornse they ought to pursue on receiving tho representations he had mentoned from .these right rev, prlates, fir$s inquired whether there was any lah whereby their esignatons might be effeced without the aid of Parliament. He believed there was no such law, but, at all events, the matter was involved in such exctreme obscurity that he had been able to discover no precedent of an actual resignation since the reformation. Lnthe middle of the last century BishopPiercewished to resign fhe see of Rochester, and long discussions on the subject took p lace between Lord Chancellor Northington and Lord Chief Justice Mansfield, the Lord ChiefJustice being of opinion thathe mnight resign, while the Lord Chancellor held that heco¢uld not. The doubts of lord Northington appeared eventually to have been set at rest, hut somce difficulty was raised by the Crow;n, and the resignation did not take place. Again, in the relgn of Queen Elizabeth, Archbishop Grindal after resisting the attempts of the Qaeen to force him to retire, ex;pressed a wish to resign, hut, nevertheless, he died Archboishop of Canterbury. He was net preparsd to say whether resignations had not taken place in Roman Catholic times, hut he thought it would have -been unwise on the part of the Govern3ment, in the absence of precedent, to attempt to carry out thhe wishes of these two right rev. prelates without the sanction of Parliament. (Eear, hear.) The revenue received by the Bishop of London being 18,0001., while the income of the bishopric was fixed at 10,0001., there would be no difficulty in providing a handsome allowance for the retiring bishop. So again m the case of the Bishop of Durham ample provision could be made for that right rev. preLate out of the surplus revenues of the see. The Government thought there would have been reason to complain if, after such an intimation, they had remained passive spectators of the state of their dioceses. The Government had, therefore, introduced a bill, which he asked their lordahips now to read a second time, and which relieved these two prelates, according to the wish they had expressed, from duties which they wore unequal to discharge. A charge upon the revenues of their sees would be created, which would, however, in each case leave a surplus fortheecclesiastical fund. It had, he believed, been contended that this sanction on the part of Parliament was of a simoniacal character, sinoe it was, as it were, bribing these two prelates to retire by offering them handsome allowances for so doig, This, however, amounted to saying that there were to be no episcopal resignations, unlems the bishop were prepared toresign without having the means of support for the ret of his life, which would be equivalent to sa'ing that there was to be no resgnation at alL The Bishop of London wod retie upon 0001. a-yar. With the ret which he felt for that right rev. prelate it was extreisiely paniful to him to discuss this subject. He had not heard the circumostince he was about to mention from the xi-ht rev. prelate's oWn mouth, but he had been asued, and ad no doubt of the fact, that the right rev. prelate had never saved any roney, except thathlahad insured his life largely. This necearilymeant that tothe end of lifethe personawuing must pay large sums to l;eep up these insurances. So that the Bishop of London could not retire without makdng provimson for keepmingup these Payments; and he was informed that about haltfte sunm proposed to be votedl to the Bishop bf unaonwouidhoexhausteadin keeping up thein surances 'which h hadprop rlefected. for the suppo-rt of his wife and family. e thought that no one would object to the amount of the retiring allowance if the principle were admissible. He knew that any resignation of a benefice most be accompanied by a declaration that there had been no corrupt bargain. But would any one contend that it was a corrupt bargain vhenx a person receiving 18,0001. a-year'which he might, if he chose, continue to receive without doing anything for it-expressed his willingness to ve it up if he were enabled to live in tolerable comfort orthe resb oof his life., He could not conceive anything less open to the imputation of a corp baginta such a surr-ender, and the samereakpledt the resi gnation of t the Bishop of Darham He knew thtsuc an arrangement would not be tolerated in the case of a beneficed cleryman, who by the statute of Elizabeth was obliged to resign his benefice without recel any consideration. lut it would not be contended that 'what was done by an act of the Legislature could not be altered by Parliament when the occasion required. It 'was also alleged that the form of this bill was not such as to be respectful to these right rev. prelates. It could not be supposed that any disrespect was intended on the earl of the Government; but it wa sad, that, although they 'had expressed their desire to resign their sees;, the enactment declared that the sees had become vacant, when it ought to have declared them vacant ugon their resigning. The Government, however, had no objiection to introduce in commaittee words to the effect that the bishops should be held to have resigned upon resigning their sPees tothe hmetropolitan aned upon thir resignahton being accepted by din. ytng thet the right rev, bench might suggest upon this subject would be adopted without hesitation by the Government. he had now to hsktheir lordships to give a second readg to this bill (Clheers.) -plordEneaESD r T:e said, his opinion was that this mea- suewas inolgltone po thatitwa expedient ofo daigwthei rdhie to adopl e Hear.) The queestioanna wasoene of greai nori-dthat thne, ausdndiwauldobe betterculKe thasoeicneniene shoudld behocc-easioedbytherdelay enofa few montsothugh atothemir lordahipe should be ae to do thatweich as not safe and would establishe dangerous precedent. (eear.) He did not think their lordships ought to act exceptionall on such a case. The more facilities, indeed, these two cases -presented for exceptional legislation the more danger there was in legislating upon them, instead of dealing with the -vwhole question by a general measure. He admitted that the question was one of diflculty,yet thesas e principle whichregulatedthe retirementof bishopsouhtto be euended to the clegy generally. He sah no reason why an infirm rector should not be able to retire as lell as an inirmn bishop. (Hear, hear.) The case came before - their lordships in a manner that ought to make them *hesitate before they agreed to it. Here were twpo bishops who placed their sees at the disposal of the Minister of the day, upon condition that he made arrangements for their retirIng allowances. These were two sees the bishops of which had seats in that house upon their first appointtment. There wvere parties who objected to p lacinlg the nomination to these bishoprics in the hands of the present Minister. He was free from that jealousy, but the effect of treatng only one of the ouesions involved led to wother mtives entering into the consideration of the subject The noble and learned lord said, there wculdbe no objection to an alteration which would make the resignation of bishops part of the hili, and upon that poinot ho would onl say that it showed the inconvenience of introduieg hastily aud without consideration a measureaof thisaimortance (pear,. hear.) There were other points which it would be painful to discuss, but as they afifcted the interests of the church he could not allow any personal scruples to preclude his spealing openly with regard to them. Be entertained very great respect for beth the right rev. prelates which this bill affected. (Hear.) He wasmore acquainted wit. Bhe Bishop of London, and certainly there was no person for whom he entertained higher respect than for hima u ear hear.) no prelate who had ever held thesee ofVlondon a done more to promote the spiritual good of those over whom he presided or devoted his energies more entirely and suncessullytothe dutieshof his offce. (Hear. Bantthat only im pelledhich to expressudeeper regret tht this biU should be in troduced, and he felt convinced if the riht rev, prelaten had nmore deliberately considered the whole subiect, he, too, would have fully shared in that regregt. (ear.) Their lordfhips should remember what was the statute law. Before the Reformation arrangements for the resination of benelices were coremon, and there were no restnctions with regard to pensions or reservations.- But great abuses arose, and in the 2dthyear of the reign of HIenry VIEL. an act 'was passed, limitig the pensionrato one.third ofnthe amonst of tHe benefice. Abuses were still found- to ayise, and in the 36th year of the reign of pelibeth a vct was passed which rendered al such arrangements corrupt and penaL T vhat law contiued in force at the present tlme, and this negoIation was a direct violation of it. m If this were a genera nmeasure, settingforith that the regulations of tie act of Elizabeth were too strict, it might be defended * but to treat only of particular cases was objectionable, and ought tobe discouncenanced. (lIear, hear.) Another poinet twhch it was exremely pinful to touch upon was what he must call the extreme amount of the retirdng pensions. (Hear, hear.) Hre 'was bound to say that they - would be seffsng a precedent of a veryem danygerous characer. These arrangements ought never to be regarded in the light of bargains. ten should not say, htivhesaltetirn leore,ande wull deori;ie tan littl less,deand I 'will not do it " hut nthely soudlod ctme eforar and lesa, n "eesam incapable of performing the duties which my office imposes on me, and I w ish to resign that ofEice. Give me enough to live upon, and that is t Lo reouire.f a i itwere conceded that such should be the gouiing principle in these arrangements, the amount ought certainly to he fixed in thureference to the regulated income, and not the existing ncome of the bishopric. By this hilthe lowvest retiring in. come would be more than was considered necessary for some bishops in the full performance of their duties, and the highestretir-ing allowvance would bemore than wasconsidered necessary forthteactingbishop of any see, exceptingmthree He had no hesitation in saying this arrangement was of the character of a brgain, and partook of a simoniacal character. (bear, hear.) What could be more objectMonable than to adopt a system of retiwing pensiones, 'hich could only be granted in these parcular istances. It 'would be creat s dlfficulties in the way of future arrnmgements, and establiashinga precedent which could never be followed. It 'would be very desirable if the measre were withdrawn The resignaMons being conditonal Parliament was placed an awkwaard position in discussig it at alL. Tihe discussion of the principle might be useful, but the discussion of the details must be most painful. ender these eircumstances he shopld move that the bill be read a second time that day three months. (lIesr, hear.) The Earl of CHICHESTER added his testimony to that of the noble lord as to the worth and personal amiability of the twO right rev. prelates who were affected by the bilLi Having been officialy connectedwiththeBaishopof London, he was personally competentp to bearinessishopis worthas a Christian minister, and to the munificence with which he had dispensed the revenues attached to his see. That right rev, prelate bad, no doubt, received a larger income than had been contemplated by the act of Parliament but he had not only paid over 2,000l. per annum to the Eclesiastical Commissioners for the erecion of parsonage houses for poo clergy, hut had expended the remainder of the surplus in woreds for the beneit of the church in his diocess. Tahe might be said of the other right rev. prelate * and the reduction in the incomes of the futurenbishops wodvemainlyfelt by the poorer clergy and the charitable insetutons of those dioceses. Withrespecttothebillitself, he(theEarlofChichester) could only say that he regarded the retiring allowances proposed to be granted as reasonable and moderate. He quite agreed that it 'would have been more desirable, had it been Practicable, to deal withthe subjectby ageneralmeasure, but there were very great difflculties in the way of such a course. In the frist ase, a general measure could not deal with the exceptional dioceses of London andfDrham, for it would be unjust to ffrepose to the retiring bishops of those dioceses the same allowance as was granted to the minor dioceses, the income of 'which had been regulated byact oF Parliament. Another objection to the ad'option of a general measare 'was, that there was not time to dismcus it. Some persons had suggested that a general act should be passed, rendering retirement compulsory in certain cases;* but that 'was a pro osition which was open to very grave objections. Upon what principle would it be applied to existing bishops? The noble lord had referred to the statute of Eilizabeth 'which prohibited trafficking; h ut in the present instance there had been no trafficking, nor eve negotiation. He (theEnri of Chichester)had beenthe organ of communication between one right rev, prelate and the Government. The right rev, prelate communlicated to him that he felt himself incapacitated from pcerforming the duties of his office, and feared he should never be able to resume them, and was therefore desirous of retiring upo an aunuity of 6,0001. That was the simple statement With regard to thhe bllboefomre nthceair dlordship onsiering the meagre pay received by so many clergymen, he should not be inClined to approve it as a prospective measure; entered into possession of these large incomes of 18,0001, and 14,0001. a-year without notice of any kind, he thought anything short of the pensions now proposed upon their 'retirement would be unjust and unfair. (ear.) In conclusion, he might be allowed to remiindl their lordships of the very great danger 'which would arise from a postponement of this measure. Both of these right rev, prelates had, under their own hands, informed the Government they were of opinion that they were disqualified from performinbg their duties as bishoRs, and that they were anxious to retire. Would it be right to leave the churc'h, in the two important diocees of London and Durham, under the care of prelates who had themselves owned that they were unfit to hold that important charge? (Hear, bear.) When the bill came into committee an amendment would probably be brought under the consideration of their lordslsios for the division of the bishopric of Lo*ndon into two sees, and he could speak- from official experience as to the necessity of alteration in the diocess of Durham ; but lie should certainly give his vote in favour of the second reading. (Hear, hear.) The Duke of CLEVELAND was surprised that some nrlmaueon this subject had not been brought in cfr.Htought thereocould be nodoubtthat, if bishops~ were incapacitated by infirmity or ilness from attendling to their duties, ample provision oug'ht to be mnade for them upnretiremnent. The only quLestion was as to -what should beite amount of their pensions. Now, he was'quite aware tha tisquetin as uroudedbygrat ificltis,bu 'inhisopnio th pnsins hold erainn vayi long redidence within that Bee, and from his own peronl holdge, that s better, s, mr& consci_ntiou,£mr |chaale,b and benevolient prelate neve e7xilostd(er, and,r sO fa from agreeing ith thenoblelordwho had pronethis- iadhult was muach too h|ididcttt object to this bill, and meant to veot for the second reading, he should certainly move in committee to raise the pensio the :Baaop o Thuhamfrom ~4,50Df. to 6,01.ayr.Wem first raied from the see of Chichester to th. of Durham, the latter bishopric came under the operation of aL new la.It was then'suggesited that the Biso fDr ham should only have 8,0001 ayear, but the choice w lef to him as to whether he would haeafxd cm o-f that amount, or whether he would keep the revenues of the agtothe Treaury the sum of U,ZOO?. a-year. he IOp knew nothing personally its revenueft but he took an o n on the subject, the result of whc was that he decided to keep the reVenues of 'he see in his own hands, running the chance of what they might amoent to for the future, and paying to ths Treasury the sum just mentioned. Fortunately for him the revenues of the se increased instead of diminishing, but had the reverse been the case his income would have been much less than the proposed fixed amount (8,0001.). The bargain, therefore, was a perfectlyfair one, and was one with respect to which the right rev. prelate ought not to be assailed, as he had been in the pub epres, as well as in the other house by a gentleman of the name of Horsman. (Much laughter.) For hisownpart, hethought that the best plan to pursue wouldbe to place the Bishop of Durham, as regarded a retiiing pension, on the sase foot-ing as the Bishop of London, for he thlought that one bishop vwas as much entitledl to a pension of 6,000Z. a-year as the other. It was better in itsekftosetlhberally than to act illiberally, and from the very advanced age of the Bishop of Durham, it was evident that the difference in mount could not be amatter of any great importance. Feeling as he did that both bishops ought to be plaoed on the same footing, he wrould, if ho found that he met v 'th any support, submit a motion to that effect in After a few words in explanation from the Earl of Cmo sTrus, the pusport of which did not reach the gallery, The Bishop of MEXTER said that the makdng a proper provisionfortheretirementofbishops wasan object-whic mret with his most earnest approbation, but be felt boundatoD ~expres his surprise that; ini tite cae of a mneasure like the -prset, which affected the best interests of the c-hurch of England, no co n mnication h been rmade to the epismopal .bench, He felt satisfied that neither of the mods rev. preate nor any of the right r-tv. prelates in that houset given their assent to the bill in its present form. He must not be understood to object tD allowing a pension to bishops on their retiremaent; on the contrary, be thought that there was already a sce according to which those pen. sione mig-ht be regulated-hie meant the scale according to whic'h pensions were allowed to retiring judges, and he .thought that it would not be unreaonab~le to allow Archbishops of Canterbury and York the same retiring pension as was allowed to the Lord Chancelor. As to the present bill, he ho tad bnt hear any reason for not delaying it until time were afforded for framing a general enactment, amd] conceived that such would be the best course to adopt. He felt that the bench of bishops had some right to he astonished at the course pursued by the Government with respect to this bill. The bill was brourht in one night, and then it was p reposed to reed it a second time on the folowing night. Fortunately, a noble lord, who had moved the rejection of the bill, prevented that course being followed. Why should not the whole bench of bishops have been allowed the faul opportunity of considering a matter so intimnately connected with te interests of the church I The objections to the bil were insuperable in his mind. It was a measur directly opposedl to one sacredl rule of the churec. A. bishop had no right to resign, and, isp to this moment hga no power to resign, excie by permisiion of him who gave the bishop admission to o tice. The highest ecclesiastical authority laid down that resignstion must he made to the pesn-who gave the admission, and in t-he case of a bishop that person -was the archbishop. In the cae of Archbishop Grindall the election of the arch-bishop to the see having been confinned by the hisho s, his 'mission having been receivedl from the bishops, he co, d not reig to the Crown. The Crown was the immediate superor of the archbishop as it was the iimmediate superior of all of them, but it wa not his superior as to actual spirtual power. The bll, in his opinion, set at nought al these principles, and was destructive of the constitution of the churoh The Legislature ought no doubt to tale into consideration the po0ssibility of devising some mean saving church principles, to nmeet cases such as that of the two nght rev, prelates to whomn the measure referred;- but the evil had not been felt for more than about three weekcs, and the Government only had a fortnight i'n w hich to concoct the bill. There was no necessity to pass the hill before the close of the present session, because the season during which the bishops had active duties, such as confirmat.ons, to discharge-the early part of the year-hIad o.°ne by. In the latter part of the year the duties of the ulshops conslsted principally of ministrations of cour and for suchministrations provision had already been made by the3issue of a commission. If the matter were deferred until nexrt session the Government would have time to consider the best course to adopt. He would not now recommnend any particular course, but he would remind their lordships that the church itself was notwithout some provision for cases of this kind. From the earliest ages of the church coadjutor bishops had been appointed, who, takiog their title from some town in the diocess, and having the right of succession, administered the affairs of the -ihole diocess by virtue of a commssion from the oiginal bishop. He urgently besought their lordships to refuse to accept the rinciple of this bil. He asked that not for his own sake, ont for the saL-e of the veiferable Bishop of -IUuid ItX would embitter the last days of one who hVd discbhad his duties, in such awxy that it would be hopeless to erpect from any one who might succeed him to receiva an allowance which the principles of his church did not sanction. The Earl of HTA RROWBY was willig to consent to the introduction of a clause that the bill should not take effect .until the resignation of the bishops had been placed in t-he hands of the archbhop. 'With this provision any apprehensions of a violation of church principles would entirely disappear. That there was nothing in the canon law of the church which prevented a bishop from receiving a retiring allowance was clear from the fact that, until the act of Elizabeth made it0 unlawful to resign, a bishop was allowed to receive a cum not exceedingonethird ofhisformerincome. That wasthe preciseprovision miade by this bill, and the Legisature was therefore only asked to return to the state of things which was the general law of the lanid until the specific act wads passed to which he hacl alludled. If a generallaw were brought in, such as noble lords opposite desired, it wvould still he neces7sary, uander the special circumstances of these two sees,'to deal with them upon exceptional principles. Whether their lDrdships regarded the interests of these prelates or the stiU more importantinterests of tthheiSr dbio°ceses,theyoughtnot to lose at sinle ayin assngthi bil.He oubedwhether the great duties of a bishop could be beneficially exercised br deputy, and he entreated their lordships to give a second reading to the bill, on the understanding that the amendment to wich he had referred w;ould be made in committee. The Earl of DERBY said, he had no hesitation with regard to the vote which he was about to give in favour of the amendment that the bill be read a second time that day three months, but he should give it with some regret-because of the possible inconvenience for a few months from the incapacity of these right rev. prelates; because he was not unfavoiurable to the general principle of retiring provision, whether of bishops or the inferior clergy ; and because the discussion must be painful to the feelings of two right rev. prelates eminently distinguished for their abilities and private virtues. The objection upon which he rested his vote was not that of the right rev. prelate (the Bishop of Exeter), that the arrangement was in opposition to the doctrine of the church, although ho felt the weight of the ritht rev. prelate's arguments, and was bound to say the PI was framed in entire disregard of all church principles and church discipline. (Hear.) His objection was, that they were dealing exceptionally and with individual cases, where they shoulddealgeneraly and nponbroadprinciples. (Elar.) Asyethehadnot heardany sufficient reasonto satisfyhim of the propriety of the course pursuedby Her Majesty's Government, and if he wanted proof of the extreme inconvenience of that course it was furnished by the speeches in defence of the bill, which turned the whole of this important discussion into the consideration of the personal and individual merits of these two prelates, the sacrifices -which world be miade bythem, and the reasonableness of the terms of the bargain proposed by the Government. That a great question involving important points of church discipline should be so dealt wit afforded one of the strongest objections to this mode of legislation. But his noble friend who had just sat down justified the dealing separately with these two cases upon the grounds of emergency and special circunmstances. 'With regard to emergency, although he did not know -when the offer was made by the two right rev. prelates, he believed the health of the Bishop of Durham and the health of the Bisho of L,ondonhbed for some weeks, if not for some months, been very much the same. Ho was reminded that 1si months ago the Bishop of Durham, so far from discnarging the duties, handed over everything to the Ecclesiastical Commissoners. The Archbishop of CANTERBURY said, he received a communication from the Bishop of Darham in N2ovember last, stating that he was anxious to resign his see. The Earl of DERBY.-Then, as far as the Bishop of Durham was concerned, no case of emergency could be raised ; for, if communication of his readiness to resign wa I made to the Government in November, they had full leisure to consider whether they would introduce any bill, or a special bill, or a general bilL But, if he-were not mistaken, the subject of a general billhad been underthe consideration of Her Majesty's Government. (Hear, hear.) This question had not taken them by surprise-they had been loolkig for it ; they had had a proposition upon the subject of a general bill early in the session, but they preferred to wait for an emergency, which in one case, at all events, was not unforeseen. (Hear, hear.) But it was said there were special circumstances, andthey could not deal with theseright rev. prelates as they could with any others who might succeed them. Whynot H7 e admitted that they could not compel a person to resign on any terms they filed; but he did not see why they should not deal with the case of the Bishops of London and Durham as they would with the holders of otheroffices, and he must say the illustration of the noble earl upon that oinit was rather remarkawble. The noble earl nked whether it would bc deoent, in case a Commander-in-Chief beeame incapable to perform the duties of his. ofice, to bargain very closely as to the sum of money for his resignation. Unfortunately, by a dispensation of Providence, within a very short time the case had occurred. The Commander-in-Chief found hiulself incapable of performing the duties of his office; but he did not go to Her Majesty and bargain what amount he should receive for resigning it-he at on Dc re I signed his offioe, and did not ask for any allowanee I for doing so. (Hear, hear.) There had been a long discus I sion as to the resonable amoit of the retiring allowanoes, but he paused over whetlher kwas a reasonable - ibegain, His objection was to any h - (Hlear, hear.) Thie law ef England had ior centuis 5,ohibited anytbin;gin the way of~ arbnd barginforte resiuation of any offlce in Ue church, azd, if it w wnot ro, there woud be no n_ecessty for this bilL They we introduig an e e-ptio eW forthe ppe -d 'iltin therla, nd al1 the argmW ~~~~~A tCi e d 1 k divorce eCss applied pdrecely th e intia mej whiri for the bsmedt of two prdlatas, tieywere~i ne wku% them to violet. the funaetl wl ofh bnnd.(ear bear.) It wee denied tat thre w no rptio in x matter. No one imputed corruption in a e to m it diahosiouable, but omil a it wa corrupt to equire consideration of any kind for abandoning a Spiritual offic& (Hear, haer.) He had no dobt there were many cases in-which it wuld be geneTlly ad tous for ea _ged cergyma to rtire, on receipt, by arrangement with has sn4ece0r, of aportin if the income;- but she lawr si tht wa aunony, and the bishop woul not listenl to such asogesEton. The same iht be sad in the case, o£ theee bishope s in the cse of any private nto. (Hea hear.) Thewlord " traffle had been ob1ected to. Elebe[lieve his noble ffrienthe Chairman of tfe Commrittees did not usethe word 4traffi," buttho word "negoation." Thenoble earl idthere was no negotiation. Therewas no protracte negotiation, because the first terms that were offered were acoepted; but, in the ."nse of conditions laid down on the one side, and accepted On thse other, for the puTose of doing a certain act, negotiations were entered into by the bishops and assented to bT the GovePnineat and that description of negotiation and traffic VW strictly prohibited by the law of Eng11nd. (Cheer) It was said that it might be very desreble to have a general measure, but this was a peculiar cse in which no additional charge would be thrown upon the public funds. It appeared to him that if thrt argument were admitted It; would interpose a most important difficulty in the way of that general meansue which all desired to see adopted. If itwastobesaidthatit T-.sonlyin cmes here there wag to be a prospective reduction of income, and where there would be consequently a srplus from which to provide retiring pensions, that introduced an insuperable obetv,le to the adoption of a genertl measure. (Hesr, hear.) He thought, therefore, that this mode of deain exceptionAllY with individul cues in violation of the aerw as obectionable in principle, and that any violation of the law Of England was a much more serious matter than any posible inconvenience -which might resut from delayig for a felw months a measure thiat would perhaps eventually be attended with some advantage. For thoe reasons, although farourable to the principle of retirement upon fixed rales, and although he entertained the highest respect and veneration for the two right rev. prelates whose cases 'were immediately connected with the mese, he could not consent to the adopion of the bil -ich was nothing Iess than a violation of %he greatfundaental pnciple oi thelaw of the land. (Hear.) Lord LYNDERVST only rose to prove an asertionz whichhe had made on a former occasion, and which had been combated by a right rev. prelate-that archbishops could offer their resignations to the Crown. He bAd since had time to loock into the matter, and found it stated in Bkcqneds Cornmentarics that the resignation of bishops mnst be made to the metropoEtan, but that archbishops could resign to none but to the King. (Hear.) The Arclbishop of CANTERBURY az equally sorryand suprpisedtofindthebhllbeforetheirlorduEIspsoppo-edbymeny noble lords who were known to be friendly to the church and to the interests of religion, yet he was at a loss to know what could be less consistent with thooe interests than that two such dioceses, as London and Durhana shouild be left for an indefinite period without episcopal snperintendenoe. Those dioceses comprised a seventh part of the population of England, and the population of one of them at leut 'would be allowed to be of a most important character. And the bill now-proposed was intendeo to remedy an inconvenience which, whatever attempts had been rnade to exterminate the evil, vere greatly to be deprecated, and to remove a reproach which would otherwimse Le heavily on the church. Those of their lordships who knew the character, the sensitive character of the Bishop of London, woula agree with him that nothing would be morn certain to aggravate the pressure of disease, to embitter if not to shorten what might remain to him of life, than the consciousness that he was accountable for duties without the. power of performing them,-duties of -which he knew and bid proved the importance and the value. Itwaw from that responsibility that he sought to be relieved; ana itwouldbea badreturuforalife spent (if ever life was so spent3 in the service of the publh-he said the public, for their lordslips knew that his services were no less valuable in that house -than in the church-it would be an ungrateful return -for a life so spent if he were [now demed - that comfortable retirement which his health required, and which he had so painfuly earned. The resignation of a bishop, for good and sufficient causes, 'as an acknowledged part of the constitution of the church. In regard to our own country Lord Coke laid it down as a rule, which was confirmed by Gibson, Burns, and Blackstone, that a provincial hishop resigns to his metropohtan. It was, indeed, a mistake-he said it with all deference-to omit the mention of their signation in the bilL The noble and learned lordhad promised to correct that defect in the committee. Accordingly such resignation was provided for on the creation of bishops for the colonies, and there wera nOW in this country twvo en-bishops-bishops wiShout sees, having resigned them into the hands of their metropolitan the Bishop of Calcutta. Hs (the Archbishop of Canterbury) had recently accepted from the Bishops of X~ew Zealand and of Toronto the resication of a por[ti6n of their dioceses, intended to be acsifned to other sees. It had been thought, as he understood, that the object of this bMil should rather have been attained by a eneral inasure, regullating ths conditions on which bishops should resinthir ses,than bsy a6specdal act for a single -purpose. Atnd, undoubtedly, a general measusre of the ldnd -was hi ghiy .d~ssira'le,'denimng the condition on which a suprnnuated. bishop might resign his see. But all woud at once perceive titnofunrEibfop could ever be in the situation of the two prelates who were the subNects of this bilL No future prelate could ever have alifo interest in an income lice that which those bishops were eady to resign. The amount of retiring salary had been objected to by the noble lord who moved the re,ection of the bi3L If the Bishop of London hadthought himself at liberty touse his episcopal income for the purpose of makingtohimself a fortune or of aggran.- dizing his family, he might easily have become independent of any retiring salary. He (the Archbishop of Canterbury) might say without exaggeraion, that if he had spared from his p ublic and private charities the half of what he in fact employed in supplying the spiritual destitution of his vast diocess, he would have provided against the present emergency. h e hoped their lordships would forgive the right rev, prelate ih e had been more areful to prov ide for diocess tha for hiself or those -who may suround him. He had thus briefly stated the reasons why he should give bhe cordial concurrence to the bill, which he trusted would .eceive tXheir lordships' sanction. The fluke of IiEWCASTLE remar?ked that throughout the discussion there had been a general admission ot theprincile of resignation. The most rev, prelate had said that the present cases could never again occur, as the two particular bishops were in a position in regard to income, in 'which none of their successos 'would ever he placed. Thefair inference from that arguent was that, if thisbill were adopted, there could never be any othersimilar measure passed upon the same principle upOn which this would have been passed. Se feared it 'was too late to hope to pass a general measare this year, but, great as were the evils of continuing the present arrangemeuts in these two dioceses, he world rather do that than expose every' other bishop in the kingdom to the risk of remanzing -without such a remnedy as it was nowsought to a pply exceptionally. (Hear.) Sorry as he wasto say anything-wmch might hurt the feelings of any person, it must be notorious to the greater p art of their lordshipssthat Durham and Ilondon wrere nottho only twvo dioceses in wwhich a similar remedy was necessary. Why br in a bill to relieve the Bishops of London and Durham from theirfunctions, and yet not deal with two other prelates who were at this moment in precisely the same position 7 Hoshould perhaps be told, " because -they have not resigned." But -whyhadltheynotresigued 7 Tney waitedof course for general measure on tbis sbj ect,knong perfectlywellthatahiliwould not he broughtin speciflcallytomeetthesrcase, because the House of Commons would not grant pensions out of the ecclesiastical funds. The Government, however, were no doubt in hopes that the House of Comrons would pass this bill, because, though the proposed pensions were to be ta3ken from the ecclesiastical funds those sunds would notin reality be diminished, because by the arrangement which. would be made a largersuin 'would he paidin than -would be takenout. Thequestion,then,wasreducedenti-elyto oneof pounds, shillings, and pence, and he locked upon the presentproposalas one degrading to the church, injurious to the bishops,aswellas to the various dioceses, and one which would present insuperable obstacles in the way of future The hishop of Yorkl and the Bishop of orwch -were, it 'was -well know, in the same position as the two prelates -who would be affected by this bilL Whatever might he the fate of this measure hereafter, let it not be said that those who opposed it were responsible for the position of thetwo dioceses he had jLst mentioned. On 'the contrary, the responsibilitv would rest with those who brought forward euck a bili instead of adopting some scheme of legislation by which the case of all would be equally covered. 'Hear, hear.) He would notargue the point as to whether the proposed pensions were too much or too litle. The question involved wasb he thought, averyimuch laerone. (Hear, hear.) Helooked upon it as essential to the interests of the church. that power should be given for bishops to resign when no longer qualified to discharge the duties of their office, and he believed their lordships would be throwing great obstacles in the way of such a& erovision if they passed this measure into law. Although. he shEouid give his vote with great relnctance in as far as it would affect these two dioceses, yet, lookimg at the whole question from a larger,oint of view, he hoped their lord. sipswouldrefuse their sanction to the second reiding. (Hiear, bear.) odDNA1 togti 'ol efrmr idt lord DEN3K thought it would be far morre kindi to, the Bishop of London to reject this bill at oCe, inasmuch as the discussion upon it in the House. of Commons would be eure to be most painful to a sensitive mind. (Hea-, hear.) A general measLre would give far more satisfaction to the ountry than an e3ceptionalbill of this kind. TheBishop of OXFORD said, the ground upon which lis vote woud begiven ainst the pasing of this bill wag as nearly as ossibve nwhat had been so well stated by the noble duke w o hed j ussat do and by the noble earl opposite (the Earl of Derby.) It ws not because heunder- rtedtheevilwhichit w now soughtto remedy. Buthe felt deeply that some mneaue was neededto uieet the general evil 'ich now existed in the church arisng out of the imposibility-for a moral imposibility it -for those who held the episcopal oflestolay that o down if they felt themselves unable to dischare their dutie There were different ways in which this ei mht have been meL It might have been met by adopting the ancient practice of appoting ooadjutor bishops, or by preosioeng a eneral bill 'hich would enable bishops to resgn. Let their lordahip obser the greatness of the evil in oDe point wnich had not beennotioedin the discuaion The amount of wrork in any office was naturally fixed, to a great degree, as regarded him wise succeeded to tha a st by the amount of,.work performned br him who retire; and as the prwese t syte prevented bishops hr _ i hng no loner qualified proey * ge tbeer epicafuionsf, the empeoo -:
HOUSE OF COM1!/IONS, TuEsDAY, Juiy 15. -The Spx.sa took; the chair acs 12 odclock. N1EW WRITS. Sir W. JOLLIFET moved thst a new writ be is_ued for the election of a member to serve in Parliament for the ;county of Dorset, in the room of the Right Hon. George 2Bankes, deceased.-Ordered. Mr. HAYTER moved that a new writ be issued for the -election of a member to serve in Parliament for the borougn of Frome, Somersetshire, in the room of Viscount DunZarvan, wiho had been called up to the House of Peers. COASTGUARD SERVICE BILL. Sir C. WOOD, in rismg to move the second reading of -this bll, said,-At a late hour last night I stated that I waas anxious at the earliest opportunity to explain to the House the general tenour of the measure which Her Majesty's ~Government thought ig necessary to propose for the purpose of providing a more adequate naval force for the service of the country. The bill the second reading of which I now move contains a small portion only of that plan -which Her Majesty's Government proposes ultimately to adopt. But I take the opportunity on this occasion to state the fcU plan which the Government contemplates, in order that the House and the country should be aware of the whole state of the case, and of the extent oE the plan which may at some future time entail a heavy expense on the country. I am anxious that the House should know the furll extent of our views, ia the hope that it wiU concur with the Government, and support a measure which I believe to be essentially necessary for the safety of the country. We have learnt mnuch by the late war. I hope in regard to the navy that we have had less to learn than in respect to the army, be. cause the navy, even in time of peace, has been kept in an efflcient state. It has always been found necessary to keep up a. naval force for the protection of our commerce and of our colonies in all,parts of the world,so that even in time of peace the navy wvas not left in that state of repose in which the army was necessarily placed. Bat although we have not had quite so much to learn in regard to the navy as to the army, stil there has been something to learn by those who have taken an active part in the administration of our naval force. Although we might be slow to admit the necessity of any further measures in regard to the discipline of the navy, yet there is no inconsiderable portion of the country quite unaware of the absolute necessity of taking measures for providing a large reserve of seamen to supply our naval force. (Hear, hear.) I believe for the last 30 years hardly any person has taken an official part in the management of the naval force of the country without feeling the great difficulty of providing any considerable .addition to the number of men employed in our fleets. There is no difficulty in supplying ample materials for the navy. Ships of any size or number, guns of any -zalibre or number, adapted to the requirements of modern times4 are easily to be obtained. But, since we have ceased manning our navy by means of impressment difriculties have arisen to supply the requisite number of men. The subject of impressment has, from time to time, .-ccupied the attention of different Governmerts, and tha question has been raised how and by what means it is Possible to provide a substitute for that forcible mode of rzising seamen and entering them in the service of the Crown. Although it may be necessary to hive recourse to that compulsory method in the case of an emergency, yet the House would never consent to call it into practice so long as there remained other means of supplying a suffaiency of men to the naval service. Nor do I think that the House of Commons would be willing to vwithhold any grant of money that was necessary to prevent the Government having recourse to a practice so harsh and so opposed to the feclings of Englishmen, (Hear.) Daring eight months in the years 18S3 and '54 the numberof seamen were increased by 12,000 without resorting to the meaus of impressment cr compulsion. The service ha, nosioubt, during a succession of years been improved in nlusost every circumstamce that could contribute to the well beiu g of the sailor. The pay has been greater, the food hab been better, the diScipline has been more efficient, and the navy may truly congratulate itself on baing the most dese'ing and the most popular part of Her Xjenstys service. T:e increase of numbers before the war was continlous eand steady, since the war it has been more rapid. In Deceniber 1853 the number of seamen borne was 28,000; in January, 1854, it Twas 20,000; in February, 33,,00; in March, 34,800; in April, 36,0O0; in May, 37,000; in June, S9$60; in ,ITuly, 39,700; and in August5 40,600, making an Ucrease, gS eight months, of 12,00. In November, 1855, the cumbe was 44,700, being an increase in two years of X,<0 mev Speaking generally the men are of the',*At ,xceQut description. Of course they are not all .ae se asea- but many of them are seafaring men and pos L thabit4 of esilors. Many of course arc inerperienucd, asn mast be expected; but they vril1, nevertheless, be rnied with a cgxt*' portion of old sailors, and I believe that a0tar ie you gmA, nhall have been a few weeks at sea they will le found bd,i-e seamen than there were on aenyformer cccasion at the coesincement of a war, At the sametime e must not shut W ep0 to the fact that during the late y.g nevel had i jjyv;l ppgageinent. IQ pnglgpent tock place with tho ?isian ahip4 the enemy never came out of harbour. I hope and trust that a long series of years may elapse befr, we shall again-beenggea in hostilities; bat we shoul0d be Very shortsighted indeed if -we shut our eyer against thexssibility that such an event might occur ;-and we should be equally sortsighted if, on. the occunence of such a%vent -wewere not ainplypronidd for andiprepare& to Thwlt it. (HIear, hear.) I the other day read sexeweed. s9gb intereseing paper in reference to the naval force of Prance. Itwastheopinionof AdmiralLasse. Inpoint 'di the number of seamern France is not deficient, and in point of gallantry nothingt can surpAss them. Happily a strict alliance and the -best feeling' prevail between the two countries. - That alliance has been cemented by both countries being engaged in a common caise, and by the blood of both nations having been freely-shed in the satnebattle. Thematerialinterests of bathcountriesarepromated by that alliance and - the caheof humanity advanced, and I trust never to sea the day when that alliance shall be severed. (Hear, hear.) But because that- is the state of things between the two nations, and becuse there can exist no jealousy or illwill between them, it is that wecan speak freely upon the -subject at onr national defences, and contrast it with the naval - means possessed by our friend and ally, taking his position as a lesson from which we may derive ninh instraction. Under their present state of organization the French can, -at any time, produce a much larger number of seamen than this country is able to do. It is trae, also, that the Dutch, almost at any moment, cancall together a much largernumberof seamanthan we. Duringthelate.Enropean war the Dutch withdrew many men Eerving in theirshipe in ordertoincreasetheirpowerenshore. Ibelievethattthegreater number of their artillerymenwereseamenemployedon shore. Both the Dutch and the French have afloat and on shore a number of seamen, which enables them to put a larger force at any given moment on shipboard than this country. I think I need hardly say that that is not the condition in which this great country sheuld stand. (Hear; hear.) The increase made to ourSeet ha been most satisfactory as to numbers, but it is not quite so satisfactory as to skill and discipline. When any sudden demand arises for sailors the men must necessarily be drawn from the mercantile service. To supply tho vacancy thus created, the merchants must take extra men anda pprentices-persons who'have not been previously employed la the discharge of naval duties. Bat what is the further i.nsult ? The moment the demand for the mercantile service becomes heavy by reason of the previous demand of men for the Queen's service, the mercbants immediately offer a larger bounty than the Government, and- the consequence is that the efficient hands enter the merchant service in preference to the Queen's service. If a merchant wants men to send his ship to sea he will give any amount of bounty, and which the Queen's service cannot give. So far, therefore, Her Majesty's servica is invariably beaten by the merchant service. Until, therefore, the merchants can be supplied vith men from some quarter or another the Qu een's service must be subject to the mercantile service. Other nations, by means of compulsory service, have the power of putting a larger number of men on board their ships than this countr is able to do in regard to their ships. In former times, when the power of impressment was enforced, there existed no difficulty in raismg on an emergency a body of 20,000 men. But it is not intended to have recourse to any such harsh measure now; and it is with the view of obviating the necessity of any such coercive power being resorted to that I now propose the bill the provisions of which I am about to detail. I do not wish to disguise from the House the fact that the mere must necessarily entail expense upon the country. If you will not recruit your naval service by force you must incur expense. Before the peace there were 15,700 Marines. It has been proved on many occasions that the Marines are equal to the best soldiers, and that they performn a large portion of duties w hich are oF a more irksome nature than either those of soldiers or sailors. But theforce with which we have at present to deal is the seamen. With regard to the seamen of France I wish to read two or three extracts from reports in which the opinions expressed by very distingnished men are given. Three or four years ago a commission of inquiry -was instituted on the subject of the Marines, when some most distinguished French offlcers were examined. I call attention to the opinions expressed by those officers, because I wish the House to see that other people are aware of those evils to which we shut our eyes. Admiral Lai Susse sapa " It is generally thoughtin acethat because we have fewer sailors and ships than Engand, France couldnot with advantage make war with hen I adirm this to be a great error. Thenumberof men registered between 20 and 40 years of age is atthepresentdayashigh as 50,000, ading the men that the recrutent and marines could furnish France, in the event of a naval war, could count on 90,000 men, a number sufficient to man all the ships in the fleet. Some very false ideas are current in France on the subject of a naval war. The number of ships on either side is counted, and then without consideration the conclusion is arrived at that success will be on the side possessing the greates number of ships. This is a false conclusion. . . I have the mostperfect conviction that France has nothingto fear insa war with Englamd, and comparing our ships under the empire with those of the present day, 1 am confident in such a struggle, if well d-rected, that England would suffer much more than France." sce-A dmiral Dupetit Thonars speaks in the same way. He says- " The comnposit-ion of o.ur ' equipages des lignes' is admirable, our organization of the personnel veryf good. This is a real rower which we possess; what v,e want is the It is quite true that at the present moment the French are making the most sucessful efforts to increase their navy. They are building shipsasfastas we are. There is one ship at Cherbourg as large as the Duke of Wellington. They have far better means of putting men on board their ships than we have. Their system is as follows:-they have a book of inscription in which the names of all seafaring men are entered. They are called out for service in the navy. From 20,000 to 25,000 men serve for about three years; and they are taught all that a seaman has to learn. The actual time they are kept in the navy differs, butitis generallvfrom between five and six years when they are discharged, hut are still liable at any time to b cal3ed upon to serve, and be put on hoard ship again. They are therefore men who have gone through all the naval tactics, and who have learnt all thlat isto be taught inthenavy, so that when they come back to the service they are perfectly well trained men. In the same report from which I have already quoted, it is ob. served:- "At the present time, by means of the 'levCe permanente,' al the seamen furnished by the' inscription maritime' have in succession passed through the navv, and have all received a complete education, both in seamanship and gaunery." Another body of men is raised by conscription-7,000 in number, who are trained for the navy, hut thev seldom make good seamen. It is not natural to them, but they have all the fighting qualities. They understand the management of the guns, and are thus of the greatest possible use. That is the state of the French navy, and the result is summed up by IL Lanjuinais in these words:- "On the whole, we believe that, making allowancefor all contingencies, we may cout on 40,000 seamen eminently fit for war, and on 20,000 borrowed, partly from the " in-scription' and partly from the 'itecretement,' and capable of rendering efficient service if they are propecrly embodied with the former. It must not be said that we are to count as nothing the ' novices,' who have little experience, the master mariners, and the seamen above the proper age, not comprised in theG60,000, who are certainly available; but these must be reserved for service on shore, in transports, end in th e defence of the coasts." Our seamen are generally scattered over a vast portion of the world. We have extensive colonies and an extensive commerce. Our sailors are employed for the protection of those colonies and of that commerce; but whatever our naval service has been in former years we still want that which the French and the Dutch have, and which every European nationhas, the means of putting at once on board ship a considerable number of seamen. I do not expect the measure which I now propose to accomplish that which, in tho opinion of the Government, ought ultimately to be done; but it will considerably aid in providing seamen for our naval service. Measures have from time to time been taken to strengthen the naval force of this countrv, but I think it better that the whole body of men should be combined together. A certain number of men are entered in the dockyards as riggers, and who are liable to be called into active service in case of war; but the great reserve has been that body of men called the coastguard. For many years past men who have entered the Coastguard have previously been sailors. The whole number of that body is about 5,000. About 2,000 of those men were draughted last year to serve in the Baltic fleet. There is another body small in number-called the pensioners, but 'who are not very efficient for active service. The whole number of men who may be called into service on an emergenc I should state to be about 3,000, and that in aU uro- abli ty about 2,500 were- at any onetime so employed. Comparing this number wi1l1 the extent of our maritime power, I must say that such a state of things does not consist with the honour, the interests, or the safety of the country. (Hear, hear.) It appears therefore that the Coastguard is the chief reserve we have to strengthen our navy. The principal portion - of the present bill consists in enlarging the number of thie Coastguard, and in rendering that body more naval in its character. In 1823 or 1824 there was a force called the Coast Blockade. It consisted of two ships-one at Spithead and the other at the Downs. On board those ships the men were sailors employed in the protection of the coast. They were not seamen moved from other ships, but were raised for the general service, and were employed in the Drotection of the revenue, and, when wanted, on the coast. That system of blockade was altered, from some misappre- hension as to its means of effectually putting down s^uggling, and eventually it was broken up in the year g830 The present war has rendered the Coastguard establshment much more of a naval character than it was previously. All the officers are naval officers. The men are sailors of good character,who have served a certain number of years in ships from which they have been renioved to the Coastguard service as a reward for good conduct. Two-thirds of the Cos'guard consist at this momen;t of valuable sailors. The proposal which I intend to make, in fact, is to increase the number of the Coastuard; to discharge all those who have been long in the service at an early period, so as to retain in the body a larger nurnber of young men available for the general servico of the country. I propose that theirnumber should be 10,000, but I do not expect to obtain that number immediately. The increase must be gradual. There are a great number in- the Coastguard who have not been sailors. With regard to them, I propose to leave aU the existing regulations in force. These yersons wi be subject to the present regulations only; tint with regard (a theos who have come from ships of war, and who, te all inisnts and purposes, are sailors, they will be subject to the same discipline and to the same liability of service as they were vbhile on shore; but they wiU have an allo wance for rovisioes which will be equal to the present pay enjoyed cy the cofreon boatmen and the chief bGatinen of the CoastOuar& Thus the persons forming the Coeaard will in betried.seamen instald of untried men. I cjue t, that this wiU create a corps of reserve, from which may be Omis, in caie of eowergency, fxom 5,00 to 7,000 a the beat men, of good claracter, and who have been aischargle frthe u eKrviB e arid appointed to the coast serrio MaS iewraid for their good conduct. I must saythat, even ;udependently of naval oonsiderations, there ard good anwds for increasing tbe Coastguard for revenue purposes.. The present numnber is not adeqnzte. There are manycases whe. maen are obliged to wrork night and day. Besides, tbwo ure several narts of the eoast which have beenx left unprotected. The C iastuard .n Ireland is very inefficient. I propose to make the body efficient througbout the united Iingdom. It is therefore indispensably necessary that the body should be considerably increased and be put on a dif1ferent footing. There are various parts of the country in an undefended state. I propose to station ships at the principalportsof the country, hich will be the headquarters of such a portion of the Coastguard service as is in theneighbourhood of those porta. There are revenue coasters which I propcose to attach to those ships as tenders. I have often been asred what I proposed to do with ihe large gunboats. MSy intention iS to attach a certain number of them to these guardships, and many of them might be employed as revenue coasters. -It appears to' me that the organization of the Coastgnard affords the best means of raising men voluntarily for the naval service of the country. With regard to Scotland, the people complain that they have not had the opportunity of being educated for the purposes of war. I am of opinion that it would ha most desirable that the men in the revenue service should be trained from time to time in the exercise of small gun batteries, for which, along the coast, there are excellent 3means. One great object is to attract the people to the naval service. At present, all the knowledge that is possessed of that service is confined to persons living near the coast. On a ship beipg stationed for the firt time at a particular port the people crowd on board and are particularly struck with the cleanliness and comforb oJtht ship. Let this familiarity with naval matters be encouraged, and the people of this country wiUl be more ready to engage in the maritime service. There is one other matter I wish to mention. All pensioners are liable to serve during the time they receive their pensions. My right hon. friend (Sir T. Graham) introduceda measure to alow men, ontheir ships being paid off, to choose, after 10 or 15 years service, to retire from the service, receiving a small pension, but still liable to be called upon to enter the Qaeen's service again in time of war, but a very inconsiderable number of persons have availed themselves of that proposal. This bill provides a reserve for seamen; and I am inclined to think that those persons who are paid off, those who belong to the Coastguard, those who volunteer from. trading ships, and pensioners should be all, brought together and formed into one body.. of reserve. This subject of forming a reserve has for many years ocenpied the anxious attention of every- person connected 'With the naval service, and I was delighted at hearing the other evening my right hon. friend (Sir J. Graham) express sentiments on this subject which entirely coincide with the opinions I myself entertain. With regard to the transfer of the Coastguard from the Cumtoms to the Admiralty, that is an arrangement which might have been effected without comi;g to Parliament, but I thought it better to submit the question to the House, in the hope that, knowing vhat it is the Government wish to do, Parliament would encourage the p lan of providing a naval reserve. I hope I have succeededin enabling the House to understand the views of the Government, and in convincing it that theplan Ihave proposed as the best and readiest mode of providing that whsch is admitted on all hands to be required for the interest and welfare of the country. I beg to move that the bill be now read a second tuine. Sir J. GRABAI.-The House may perhaps remember that on a former occasion I stated that I was fully im. pressed with the necessity of such a measure as this, and that I endeavoured to point out to the House the urgencyof that neceesity. My zight hon. friend has stated very truly that the Coast Blockade was once connected with the AdmiraNy, and that there was found to be a great advantage in that connexion. But in the year 1830 economy was the order of the day, and fiscal considerations, after a peace of long duration, and which at that time there was no prospect of seeing disturbed, prevailed before all other views, and it was thought expedient to transfer the Coastguard to the Board of Customs. But, notwithstanding that transfer, I and my colleagues endeavoured to give to that force a more naval character, byenabling meritorious seamentobe placedinthat service as a reward for good conduot, but at the same time to be available in the naval service if war should unhappily returR. That measure was found by experience to be perfectly correct. But my subsequent duties at the Admiralty convinced me that the time had arrived when that decision of maling the Coast Blockade merely a civil force and subject to civil control ought to be reviewed. I agree with my right hon. friend thatinoutward appearance therewill be a considerable increase of expense by the plan now proposed in the first instance; but I am decidedly of opinion that it will ultimately, in a fiscal point of view, be repaid by the service. At this moment a large portion of the coast is not watched by the Coastguard, and a large opening is left for smuggling, and where smugglingno doubt is and will be carried on to a considerable extent. Now, the plan proposed wiU cover the 'whole of the coast of the united kingdom. It will be well watched throughout, and I am quite satisfied that a salutary effect will ensue; and, if so, in the end the revenue will be morproductive and the increased expense will be more apparent than real. It is also quite true that although impressment, as the last melancholy resource of this country in an extreme emergency, must be retained, yet, as an ordinary means of increasing your naval power, no reliance can be placed on it. But what we want is not to increase the service by force, but by attraction. We wish to induce men to enter the serNice. My right hon. friend has pointed out the opposite conrse on the other side of the Channel, which has been in operation for nearly a century. As a system nothingcan bemore perfect. It had its origin from M. Colbert, in a country where great vicissitudes have occurred, where there has been Monarchy, Republicanism, Revolution, and usurpation; 'rut throughout the whole of that period, notwithstanding all the vacilations of Government, that great system of naval conservation has never been cast aside, and amid all changes it sutil remains perfectly unimpaired. I don't believe that human skill can devise a better system than the French system of naval administration. The whole naval population of that country, which has a coast on the English Channel, the Atlantic, and the eIediterranean, is under the command of the Government, and in the shortest time and with tha utmost certainty may be made available for war. I do not wish to push this topic further, but stil when we know what are the means of the first naval Power next ta ourselves it becomes an act of common prudence without the least delay to do all we can in favour of the voluntary system. That is the object of this measure. This combination of the various bodies available as a reserve is, in my opinion, the best course that can be proposed. I do not think a more prudent proposition could have been made by the Government under the present circumstances. We are in an opposite position with France. The difficulty which France hasto contend with is not the want of men but the want of mattrid ; our difficulty is the reverse; our inat&ric is ample, but without a compulsory power we want men. But, still I am satisfied that our plan is best, and that one volunteer is better than twvo pressed seamen. We have now called together 16,000 Marines,who are perfectly trained soldiers, and as well skilled as any men in the army, while on board ship they are second only to able seamen. They are able gunners, and altogether it is a force so powerful and so valuable that the House will fail in its duty if it allows that force to be reduced. It constitutes tlle guard of our most important ports-Plymouth, Portsmouth, and Woolwich. These places cannot be easily assailed while you have a force of 10,000 marines ready to go on board your ships. The ne;v combination 'which is preposed of the pensioners and young men from the merchant service with tho Coastguard, if wel conducted, and if the men are treated with mandness, and at the same timewvith firnmness, Iam of opinion wil render the Queen's service more acceptable than it ever has hitherto been. It will be a plan most advantageous to the country by reconciling an important body of men to its naval service. If this combination should be effected you wil have a body of 10,000 volunteers established in this country as a permanent naval reserve for the protection and security of the couutry. With respect to tho Coastguarcl, I would observo that not immediately, but prospectively, it should be made p-urely a naval force. Some prevision should be made for the early pensioning of men who, from age or infirmity, may be worn ot. It is of the last importance that this force should be available at all times, and that when a juncture arrived there should be no disappointment. They should be trained constantly at gunnery. The svstem of gunnery should in all ships and vessels be nsed by the Coastgnard, that they may be accomplshed gunners as well as able seamen. It is also very desirable that in the Principal harbours of this country ships of war should be stationed as quarters both for the Coastgnard and the coast volunteers. As to Scotland, I believe since the French war there are ports on the north-east and north-west coast where a ship of war has never been seen. So also on the coast of Ireland, there are many harbours where ships have never made their appearance. The people of this country are a maritimne people. They have a taste for the naval profession, -an nave a sor or -esir to see ships at thI aa~ et ana inaveT a sort of -desire to see ships, at the samie tirae the entertain a fear of the severity of the discipline supposed to be practised in them. Mv belief is, that if you were to accustom the people to see ships of 'war, and enable them to acquire a knowledge of the real service of the navy, and to know how much it las improved, how little of that'severity they dread now exists, and what are the comforts and advantages which the navy now enjoys,-I say my belief is that the presence of those ships, and the knowledge of the mode in which the discipline is now car- riedon wouldbe of very great advantage t-6 the service andE the country at large. (Hlear, hear.) I have nothing further to add. I have earnestly desired to see a measure of this kind introduced. I congratulate my right hon. friend and Her Mojesty's Government-in having had the opportunity of introducingthis measure.. I think great praise is'due to the Chancellor of the Exchequer in having given his countenance to it. I thinkithig h nlyonourable on the part of the Admi- ralty in havig overcome the prejudices thathave existed in another great department against this measura. I am anxious to see the navy of this country maintained in alI if s efficiency, .and I am very confideait that, although the mneasure may appear costly in the first instance, yet in the long ran the revenue will ilot suffer, but prosper under the new arrangement. (Hear, hear.) fMr. GR OGAN wished to know wvhether the oficers in the existing Coastguard would remrain in the service after the new Coastgnard was formed ? -isr C, Wool -id, tst'i aertain numler of t1e present Co&stguardwou remain if they-were competent to discharp thLeir duty. -. :---- Sir F. BA.RINGwas-peufealty-Asfiedttheofioers I wbo'now belong6 to teCoastguard would emain in te serice, and that the Goverument would behve towards them 'with liberality. With o the plsi before tho House, he exprd i -entiro pploval oF fa thaprt of it which transferred the Coaatguard fom thi-Treasmy.to the Adrmiraty. The main dificultyas the manning of hinps on the fairt brealdng out of whr. The Houav had attenipted' to deal with thaHedifficulty, but rmsuooebfuler The Coast.gitated was the best reLervo te pAdmiralty had, and he h oughtrit infinitiel better to incres that service thb~ to'endeavoi r to devine any other mode. They would . thereby create ad naval reserve of the very beet description. Hre did not think the revenue would Euffer. But- as to -the. expenditurep he wa not sure that the couen4ryould be re- paid in money. But ho was prepared to go to a gieater en-I pease for that which ho believed' to beone of themost valuable arrangements for the naval serviCe and for the pro-'I tection of the country. ie WhS glad thh g the present moment hi d been chosen for the proporal. -of such' a scheme. It might have been taken grer le33 favourable circumstances. He remembered that ie was agi tated whenthe horizon was not perfectly ¢lear, ad one of tho great difficulties they had then to contend with wasthe effecs it might htave in nother quilter. Whe tdanger came; andit was prposxEd to make preparXtion for tzat danger, it often hsppened that the danger itself -was increased by the preperation thus -made. bny such feeling at preseiitwas entirely out of the question. This country was fortunately 'upon the most friendly terms-with the greatest naval P'ower in Europe. after ourselves, and the- measure nowt proe d. could not be looked 'wi-th that jealousy it mipeet have boen ata less fvonrailerioment. atcordially councurred in the proposal of his right hon. frend, and in the measure shadoweed out be saw nothing hut what the House and the country ought to adopt. ' The CHAN'C3eLfiOR of the EXCHEcQUER said that, if the transfer proposed bylhis right hon. friynd wvere considered merely as a fiscal question, and if he had- regaraed the Coastguard merely as a' means of protcting the Customs' revenue, the conclu'sion 'at wahich he shoulda have arrived would, proh'ahly, have been that: it would be better to let the matter remain inD its present position. Bnt,' considering the state of the country after the grest warin which thy hadfcen engaged,b and when it ans necessary for them, in making a transition from war to maceto consider in what manner it would ho posible to place the defensive resources of the country en the most efficient footing, it was ncccssary'to deridewhat -provision could beinadethatwould be most consistent with the eiiiciency of the naval force of the-countryh In arriing' at a conelusion uPon theat t,te pent Coastguard, and toe iosibillity of using it as a means of manimng the navy, nd lsti for training seamen, naturaly peresented itself in atrominent point 'of view. herefore he viewed the question not merely as a fiscal question, but as a question of general policy connected with the defensive service of the country. Not looking at tbe Coastguard merely as an engine for the protection of revenue, but talkig into consideration the other great interests of the country, and making, as it were, a compromise between the protection of the revenue and the defence of the country mrougth'hatgreat branchof the servie, thenavy, hecaneto the conclu ionfthatondthrwholethemeasurebeforethelwould ould be conducive to the advantage of the country and to is permanent andlasting interest. Arriving at that coeusion, he satisfie himself that sucficient securities would he taken for the protection of the Customs' revenue. That revenue yielded 2s,aoo,000. sterling;* and it was most important thrt no defalcation should take place in that great branchothenationalincome, andfthat its receipt should not be put in jeopardy. But, he was satisfied that under the control of the Admiralty the Coastguard service would Gobe perfectly erdicient as an engine for the protection of that important branch of revenue. In reply to the hon. nTeimber for the city of Dablin, he would state that there WaS no intention to break up the p resent force. It wrould- be simply transferred from the Ctusoms to the Admiralty. Whatever changes might be agmade with regard to particular individuals would rest upon a special examination of their cases, and upon merely individal grounds. ho general change would be introduced with respect to the constitution and formation of the Coastgnasrd. Mir. J'. G. PsIuIMOrE was of opinion that the Government deserved great credit for bringing forward this measure. Mr.t ADfIElrDsaid, thesenaval and mlitarypreparations had a double effect; they were not merely defences of the country, but were calculated to excite the jemlousy of other nayion, andw to lepadt wear rather than to guard against it. Mr. ?iIAGIUIRE approved the mcasulre5 and suggested that Cork Harbour should be made a naval stattion, which would be the meansof obtaining avast numberof volunteers to the naval service. f MIr. ROEBUCE suppored the bill and said that the best security for this country lastoeb prepared for war. Seeing that other nations were arming, the best t.hing this country could do was to put itself in a Position not to insult them, but to make them afraid of insulting us. (Hme r.) Itwas all very well to keep at peaco 'with the world- but mankind hedufrotnthe beginning of their existence been prone to war, and in spite of the wparnings of very wel intentioned men they had gone to war, and sould continue te do so as long as the world lasted. (hear.t The hill was then read a second time. MIITIA PAY BILL. - On the motion that the House go inte commattee on this bill, Colonel Dan EE called the attention of the Government to the unfortunate affair which had occurred at Nenagh by the mutinods conduct of the Tipperary smiitina He had eceived a letter from a person who wvas present when the disturbance occurred, and he stated that the men fel themselves il-treated, and they viewed with strong feelings of dissatisfaction the contrast made between the * Irish and the English militia. He hoped the Government would give some explanation of th'is unfortunate occurrence. He beieved that it was attributable to the same incapacity and want of knowledge that had prevailed throughout the whole management of the army by the W er Department. anr. PEEL; said that an inquiryeinto the cirumstances alluded te by the hon. and gallant member was now taking place, and he thonght, pending that inquiry, it wias not e- pedient for him to statewbiat was the opinion of the Government as to the cause of the mutiny on the part of theTipperary HMeitia. Thehon. and gallant nenberappearedbyhis observations to be misinformed upon the subject as to what bad been theonductof the WrDepartment. terta short conversation the House went into comt mittee on the bin, when tne several clauses were considered and agreed to, and the House rosumed. GENERAL BOARD OF HEALTHT} CONTINU7ANCE Several clauses of this bill passed through cosmmittee, whenl the Ca.nAsTBs reportedi progress and obtained leave toe sit again. The Hlouse adjourned at 4 o'lock. The House resumed at 6 o'clock. Petitions were presented by Mr. PGOrr, from the medical officers of the neath, Boston, and oitney tuions; and by Lord ALChED PAGET, from the medical offncers of Stoke-upon-Trent, praying for redress of grievances; by Colonel MGousoIs, from Aeirkalde and its vicinity, agaunst compulsory vaccination;* by aIr. bitS, from 90 creditors of the Tipperary Bank, in favour of the Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Acts Amendment Bin; by Mr. CsiAUFUBD, from merchants, traders, and others of the district of Nantwich, Cheshire, for estending the jurisdiction of County Courts to sums above 501., without consent; by Mr. lAn UeBE, from Abbeyside, Dungarvan, rald Lisiore, in the county of Waterford, agrainst the Reformatory Schools (Ireland) Bill; from parishes in the county of Cork, in favour of an efuitablo distribution of county cess betreen owner and occupier; and from the trustees of the South Infirmary, Cork, against the Queen's Colleges (Ireland) Bill;* and by Mr. Oulvxssi, fromn Kirkaldy, Bifeshire, from members of the medical profession in the metropolis, from medical practitioners, surgeons, acothecaries, lecturers and governors of WestminsterSospitiu, from Poplar, from the inhabitants of Holborn, from the inhabitants of Oxfordstreet; Marylebone, and the adjacent district, from various mnedical practioners in the metropolis, froma the householders of Westminster, and from the inhabitants of London. all praying for a reduction of the wine duties. Mr. KENN-EDY gave notice that, early in the ensuing session, he would move for a committee to inqutire into the means by which the time of the Imperial Parliament could behbest economized, and the interests of the integral parts of these kingdoms bebest secured; and whether these objects rmay not be advantageously obtained by the appointment of separate standing committees, consisting of the representatives of Ireland and Scotland respectively, by whxom measures referring to Ireland aiid Scotland e_xclusively' should be discussed and reported upon before legislation had thereon in this House. BEDFORD CHARITIES. Colonel GILPI1N (in the absence of Captain Stuart) asked 'why the sum of 2,3971. 5S. 9d. charged on the funds of the Bedford Charity Estate should not be wholly or in pert naid out of the sum granted from -the Civil Contingencies l'und for the prosecution of charity suits ? The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, tho existing.practice did not justify the Government in orderisc the payment of the expenses zeferred to out of the Civi | Contingencies. THE BRIGADE OF GUARDS. In answer to Sir J. FEiGuSSON, MIr. PEEL said that thenumberof companies ineach battalion of the Guards had been increased to 10 duing the war, and as it was not the intention of the Government to make any reduction in that numaber, of course any vacancies which occurred in the number of captaius would be filled up. M. TH,E CRIEN RE1PORT. 3FMr. ALK asked the Under-Secretary for War what steps the Government intended to tako now that the Crimean Commission had made their report, and whether that report would be laid on the table of the House? Mr. PEEL said the repiort would be printed and lid on the table as soon as possible. B7URIAL GROUlNDS. fr. PALK asked the Under-Secretary of the Home Department what steps the Government meant to take with regard to thc Burial Acts and what course was to be pursued where the existing burisground had been. closed and the bishop refused to consecrate any new ground? Mfr. MASSEY said that it was not the intention of the Government to make such alteration in the course of the present session, but in the next session a bill would -be introduced to revise and conaolidate -the existing Buryinggrounds Acts. The point alluded tbh second part of the question would stand over tiU then, as it wuld be included in that measure. THE LAW OF PARTNE,RSIP. JIr. BICGS ased whether the Government- intmndea to introduce abill for the iuimeaofto the law of partnerAbpnextieieioi = Mr. 'LOWE ia sorry to say h the' .onqur uselnt. which e bad receivodliat ni1ht w Siot Sdl t toAla him to give an nser i the affimative . :.H}ew.).. CIVIL SEaICI; UP?BRANNUATION: BITL - 'a ln werto'Xr. O , W;Y, The CH.NCELLOR of the EXCE[EQU.ER said- hit this bill etood on the paper for Friday'n-.ght.- * : OR C KENTS- FOR THE; CA5PE. - Lord W. GRAHM isked whether it wie trine thaht three roinents hid been sent to !he Cipe, and whether that mer6ly a measrle of precaution, or wAs'caused by anyimmne diate prospectof in:outbrexlc there? Mr. LABOOCHERE aid, there exisled conaideraWe alarm at the Cape with regard to the dispoeitiori of the matives towards the colony, bt no overt vet of aggression had -yet taken place. lIn the last despatches received frota the colony the governor expressed his confident hope that no such attaclc would tae- plaee but~ under the cirCumstancs, the Government had thoug,ht fii to order reinforcemenbus to be sent there. TaE R1VIEW -AT ALDEIRSHOTT. Lord FALXMERSTONn moved that the Hotse at its rising adjourn until Thursady asext. - Mr DISRAELI aid,a-I do not rise to oppose the motion cf the-noble lord, but T must protest against the new system wlich hbs now been introduced of the Minister of the day giving holydays tothe members of thea House, andpaying forlheir etertainmente out of the public purge- (Hear, hear.) Itisa precedent -whichought:not tobeadmitted, and the House ought to take an opportunity of showing that it does not approve it. I should have thought that the experience of the last treat which the Government gave as (laughter} would have deterred them from following that example. (Hear, hear.) But, howvever, as the linister has thought fit again to announce bis gracious favoursto the House of Commons-and I suppose the other House will be allowed to share in the enjoyment-I will not at -this period of the session formally ask for the opinion of the House upon it, but, as far as Sam oolscerned,-I protest against it. I certainly thoughii last night it was not at all dignified for the First Hiijister oEfthe Crown to be informing the IIouse how they were to Xepair to this entertainment, and what arrangements had been snide for the -commissariat, and other matters of tiRt sort. Itis not at all a desirable thing: that the lMinister should give holydays to the members of Parliamentk and without any sanction whatever, entertain them at the pubiic exoanse. Mr. FRENGCH observed that the right hois.gent]emnn had forgotten to mention the remarkAble generosity of the Government in giving-aaywhat did not-belongtothem-the Wednesdays. (Mear, hear.) This was the third Wednesday which they had given away this see-ion. e lwished to know whether tbere would -be any objection to allowing ladies to use the tickets which members of Parliament did not feel disposed-to makc use of ? hfr. W. WILLIAMS should like- to ask the noble lord (Lord Palmerston) from what fund it was intended that the crXenses of this entertainmentbshould be paid? (t"H1ear," and a laugh.) The HEouse had had befoare it neither estimate nor vote upon the subiect. Complaints had been made of the misapplication of money voted for one purpose to; another; and if it was by that means thit this expense was to be defrayed it wvould be most objectionable and most mnwarrantable. He for one should not a:ccept the bounty of the noblelord, although, if every one paid his own oxrenses, he might be disposed to spend the holydayrc other hon. members. This system of treating the members of the two houses was quite new, and peoyile out of doors said that itarosefrobmnothingbuttbe paltry pride of the Government (cries of "Oh, oh I") and a desire to influence me.t bers in their favour. Lord PALMERSTON.-Ireaily think the House wiU not enter into the constitutional jealousy which has induced my hon. friend behind me (Mr. Williams) and the right hon. gentleman opposite (Mr. Disraeli) to think that these occasional military and naval reviews wil corrupt the House of Commons, especially after what happened last time. (Laughter.) I quite agree with the right hon. gentleman that it would be very unfit that upon trifling and frequeuit occasions the Government shoild propose to the House to adjourn over any business day, and that arrangements should be made for the pleasure of the two Houses of Par. liament; but I think every one will feel that to the occasion of the great review of the naval forces w1hich had been assembled with aview to warlike operations, but whichfortunately were not required for that object, and to the present occasion, when our brave troops have returned from the Crimea andwhen so much interest has by every one been displayed in them, that objection will not apply. (Hear, hear.) The righf hon. gentleman (AMr. Disraeli) thinks thab it -was unbecoming of a person who has the- honour to f£l the situation which I now hold to explain the arrangements which had been made. The time was very short, and I think that, if I had not tken the opportunity of giving that explanation, I should have been reproached with keeping members in ignorance of the steps which they ought to take in order to be present at the review which Ier ajesty is about to attend. (lHear, hear.) With regoard to the question of my hen, and gallant friend (Colonel French), I-am afraid that it has not been in the power of the War Department to make arrangements for the conveyance of ladies. It has been difficult to obtain csrriages t-o convey members from the railway station to the camp, and I amafraid thatladies,unless theytooktheirown carriages, and were thus independent of the assistance of the Governmnent, w ould be exposed to great inconvenience. With regard to the fund from which the expense is to be defrayed, my hon. friend (Mr. W. Williams) must be aw.are that there is annually voted a. considerable sum- on account- of civil contingences, to provide for unforeseen eipenses. ("Hear, hear," and a laugh.) That is the vote out of which this very small expense-I can assure my hon. friend that it will be very small-will be defrayed. We shall be exceedingly sorzy not to have the pleasure of my hoss friend's company to-morrow (a laugh), bat I hone he will relent and accept the treat without feeling that hc will) lay himself under an obligation to the coantry by availing himiself of the special train. MIr. HEE LEY.-I mast say that I for one enter my protest against the payment of espenses of this sort by the Government. It is makidng A begimning. If the House chooses to adjourn for a particular festival or for any great spectacle, well and Tood. That is for its consideration according to the busness which it has to perform ; but I very much agree with what was said by the right hon. gentleman the member for Wiltshire (Mr. S. Herbert) on a formeroccasion. I think that if we go as a Housewe ought to go as a body; if we go as private gentlemen we ought to pay our own expenses. (Hear, hear.) If we may compare great things to small we are getting very much into the way of that with which so much fault was at one time found-churchwardens and oversee s having a dinneratthe expense of the parishioners. (A laugh.) I do not think we ought to male such a beginmung, and I for one protest against it, because, whati very becoming today, lays the foundation for something less becoming tomorrow, and so we go on. I, thereFore, cordially agree with all that has been said by my right hon. friend, and for one object to the payment of these expenses by the country. Sir H. WILLOUGHBY thought that the objections would be met by each member paying his own railway fare. The subject was thea allowed to drop. TEE MASTER OF THE ROLLS AND THE ATTORNEY-GENERAL FOR IRELANED. 3Mr. J. D. FITZGERALD.-I take advantage of the motion for the adjounmment of the House to fulfil th5 pledge which I gave last night, that I would call attention to the charges made by the right hon. gentleman the mem. ber for the 'University of Dublia (Mr. lNapier) and the Master of the Rolls of Ireland, relative to the escape from justice of a member of this House charged with crime. I rise to perform a duty which I believe that every membar of this House owes not alone to himself but to the assembly of which he is a memter-viz., if a charge is made affecting his personal character, his conduct as a member of this House, or his honour, to take the earliest opportunity of maldng to the House the statement which may re. Eeve him from such imputations. I have lost not a moment in adopting this course, although I stand in the peculiar position that I am not at this moment aware that I have before me any assailants; for the right hon. gentleman opposite (Mr. Napiez) has adopted the singular course that while he has in-onuated a charge-he declines to make it until he has heard the defence. (Cheers.) If I could have brought this question before the House in any slape in which it could have dealt with it-if there had been any breach of privilege, or if I could have brought it forward in any other tazngible sLape, I should-although the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Napier) has shrunk from the performance of that which he undertook-bave felt it my duty to take that course. But it was not open to me to do so. There was no motion -which I could imtake, and I was forced into the position that I mu_t either rest, probably until next session, under the imputations which have been cast upon me as a member of Her Majest3's Government and as a member of this House, or must take this oppor. tunity of relieving mya4 from those charges. I willingly . take the latter course, and I am much mistaken if, before I sit down, every member of this House wlho is ifilnenced by the honour by which a gentleman ought to be influenced and by the candour which is dne to that charaster, does not say that the exculpation is full and complete, In order that the House may understand my observations it will :be well that I should, before proceeding to tnat exculpation, refervery briefly to what has taken place asd to what is the grave imputation which has been cast uls)n me. The House will recollect tha in consequena- of observations 'which fell from theMaster of the Rolls of Ireland-fell from the judicial bench-to which I need not iOow advert, a question was on the morning of Saturday, the 5th of July last, put to.mse by the hen. andleaned gentlenmau the mem- - ber for Inniskillen (Mr. White-side) in his place in this house. There has been some controversy as to the answer which I gave to that question., The right hon, gentleman (Mfr. Napier) alleged, and alleged-I am bound Wt assume from what he thoiight he heard-that I had accused the Master cf. the eRolls- of - Ireland of breach -of his jucial duty and- of forgetting the obligations which his oath as a Privy Counciior -imposed upon bins; in other words. that I miade a double accusation, thbat be was gniltv of- a breach of- judiciall duty and had violated hi3 oath as a Privy Councillor.- UIpon a: former occasien It read the- sttement which I made, taking it froma 2'e limes nXewspaper. I have sinc9 referred tothree other journalst the Hornisa7 Hesra& the Deify £qwpas, a Dotblln paper, and the DisUs Xsesiajyn maiL -. I hVe selecte thee threxas being pape -hich de ot AyTapsUala wintay pelitices feelingc find in alloftie, nidentielly bt a ti. n'e, Times I sabll not' repet. It. L nW, take th7at of tb. Duuant Es'ening Anal -in tbat paper tlmhen pii leari" member for Innisillen (Mr. whiteide) is r cp.aw making this statement- -- - "^A leamedjudge, fromehiieatoribtheIrish benh had declared tat a certain erson ought to be prosmai d. that it 'w the duty of the Government to conider the propriety of such procutiOn. Now, iti fht bereafter X matter for serious condderation it, ashad5 stat,4 an stated also judici,lly, that the inipal in thae ir L tions, after having been o about for some da subsequently unmolesed; hsd -finally left theo untry-it; :might, he 'would say, be matterfor investigation ho far thYe Government were res oniblefor not sisng ated ponte admonition thus judicially given to thbe." There we find the hom. and learned gentleman, on the mnorn. ing of Saturday, the 5th of Julr, referring to ,a tatement 'which had been -msde b the Kater of the Rlls on the 3d of June, and putting forwrd a chae founded upon th4 taltement, that the Government, or rather myself as its responsible officer, had been guiltyof a derelictioc of duty. It was in answering that question, the first upoma the aubject which I had asered, that I made the statelnent out of wrhich this controversy has arien. ccording tX the .DeW Z i7 eni,sg ilfail my answer, after stating the fact~~ was this:-md -"lfo, if the 3aster of the Rolls had adopted the courfs Which became hm, ho lght to have made an order direct. ing the evidence to be laid before the Attorney-General, or, in his c ac-r of Privy CounciUor, he ought to have. aitedsupon Ins Excellency the Lor- Lieutenant and apiirbed himn that materials were before him to enable him to aeclre that a minember of Parliaent had been guilty of a. serious breach of trust." That is a. narlya gponsible, if not quite; identical with the language of.The Tiaes. I have compared with it the reports of the Moming Herald and the Daily Express, and -they give precisely the same account ofthe matter. So that my recollection of what I at ledat intended to say, and -what I believe I did- say, ii eoroborated by four mews. papers,-that I did not even-allude to the oath of the M ter of the Rolls; that I stated that he might, according to his jidiciel privilege, have communicated with mc or mycolleague the Sohcitor-General, or have made aia order that the evidenoe should be laid before is; or that he 3might, having, in virtue of his privilege as a lPrivy Conncilior, acces4 to the Lord-Lieutenant, have waited poru his Excellency, and have communicated to him th* fact that there were- before him materials - for dlec'aring that a great crime had been committed. When charged with having been the means of procuring, -or at least with having connived at, the escape of James Sadleir, I repudiated the imputation, and said that, if he had vaded justice, my inference w, that he had fed, being frightened from the countrS by the remar}s of the Master *.of the Rolls, which I chaterized as "irregular."l Unfor-t-unately,I had not theadvantage of seeing i the House on. that evening any members of the equity or comilonlaw bar, but, had any such been present, I should have oonfidently appealed to them to say whether, in applyig the phrase ',irregulsf' tothe observations of theMasterrf tbe Rolls, I did not useamildandmitigatedformof language. (Hear, hear.) On the following Monday the hon. member f6rMayo, taking his tone from- the Msster of the Rolls, and. aBsmingthat the Government had connived at the escape of James Sadleir, asked me a ouestion on the subject. Though the language used wvas somgewhEat irritating I endea-voured to reply with moderation, and I will read to the House my answer as 1 iind it reported in Tbe T'i;nes of the 8th of July:- - "From the earliest moment that this case had beis brought tinder his attention, as the executive ofEfcer of -the *Crown, he had taken the most active steps to prevent MLr. Badleir leavin g Ireland, even before he 'was i n a position to' issuez awrant against him; and from the report of ther offlcers en-ployed he had reson to believe that he had not. left Ireland snce the 17th or18th of June. If he had lefti Ireland it was before that date, and in consequence of the irregular observations of the Master of the ls. " The House will do me the justice to observe that there in no reference in those words to -the conduct of the Master of the Rolls, eitheras a judge or n Privy Counclllor, beyond the' simple fact of my applying to his observation the term *irregular. But tunovw ppethat the right horn gentleman the member for the University of Dublin lost no time. in communicating on the subject of my reply with the Master of the Rolls; and for the character of that learned person I do most canestly hope that some erroneous representaion of what did take place was maade to him. (Hear, hear.) I trust that le was induced to take the course which he has pursued, not by an accurate version of the facts, hut by some misrepresentation which led him to believe that his character as a judge was assailed and that his honour as a gentleman was called in question' by the discreditable imputation of having disregarded the sacred obligation of his oath. The House will be good enough to remember that, in citing documentar evidence, to- support my case, I have taken care to select. my extracts from newvspapers wshichl have no political sympathy with the party to 'which I celong. Tbhe quotation I am now about iimake is from the Da6li7i Daily Express, a jounal which I need scarcely say has not the slghtest. sympathy with the Liberal party. The uhlic6 Daiwheh&cpress, ofn the cth oE July, contains a report of the proceedigs in the Pols Court on the preceding day, and the naster of the Ros is represented to have expressed himselE asfollows: "mttay I nowv inquire, on the part of the public, whether informations havetbeensworn in repect of thefacts o - duoseds this case I lf so, have any effectual or:- "Istepsberen tton ake any of the parties implicated, eine nke where Iiintended to prefer av bil of indictment at the nest Clonmel anes, where some of the overt cts wereo Icommitted! MIay Ifurther iquire what isthe duty of n. IPrivy CouinciUlor 1" Having read extracd from lrcknfc'r definition of the. duties ofia Privy Councdllor, he goes ondto sk .- "Is there naything in the duty, as thus stated, requiring a Privy Councillor to obtrude his advice aecret1lyand-on asked, where the responsible adviers of the Governmenta remain passive, and wrhere the general facts wercre matter of public notoriety, and ths details established by the afidavitl and documents as muchp open to the responsible advisers or the Government as they were to met' He then makes this statement- I " I did not obtrude advice or information pria'atelyvrst because it was no prt ofmy duty; andl, secondly, becaulse Ibelieved then, andbelieve nowc, that it would have received no attention whatever from the Government for reasons which the public well know. I shall only add that i£ no tnd fidle proceedings be taken at the next Clonmel assizes, the result will be thatthe duty of aPrivgCouncillor and the nature and meaning of the oath will possibly meet. With more discussiou than the Irish Government may be aware of. There is one otner matterwvhich Ilomittedto advert oins ivig judgment, and that is the examination of Mbr James S'adleir by the Master in his private chamber, no other person, ass I understand, having been present, except ther official mnanagerand his counsel and solicitor. That proceedmng has been much disapproved of, and I am satisfied that. the Master would nov concur wlith me that it is to be regretted it took p lace." I have no doubt that the hon. memberfor Mayo (Mr. Moore) put upon the language of the lUaster of the Rolls;a correct. niterpretation when he stated that the reasons whEy the representations of the Master would fall to command the' attention of the Government was that the Governmnent. shrank from making James Sadleir amenable, because they knew that, if they attempted to do so, secrets would come' to light which would be little creditable lo themselves. Observe that the expressions -which are liable to this construction did not occur iu the delivery of a judgment, but were gratuitous statements of the Master of the Rolls, entirely uncalld for as regards any attack made upon him. self. In the Evening Mail of July 9 1 find that the Masterof the Rollsisrepresented as having made the following remarks- " In consequence of an accusation which the AttorneyGeneral has made against me I shall forward to London, by this night's post or to-morrow morning, a statement in my own vindication, and I regret that in defending myself 1 shal be under the necessity of bringing a very serions charge against the Attorney-General. I shall on Friday state in court what that charge is; and I shall makeno statement. which I shall not be prepared to prove before a committee of either House ef Parliam ent. That statement, which was afterwards read in court, i infer to be the same that reached the right hon. gentleman the member for the University of Dublin on ther 11th of July. The Master of the Rolls there remarks that I accused him of a breach of duty. I distinctly disclaim any such accusation. The Master of the Rolls isthe judge of an equity court, and in reference to the criminal proceedings of the country has no duty to perform. If in the course of a case heard before him he be led to the con- elusion that 'a witness has committed penury he hasarightto direct a prosecution; er if a forged inst ent be produced he may communicate with- the law offhccrs of the Crown, and order that the document shaU be placed in the hands of the Crown Solicitor with a view to a prosecution Thesearehis rights and privleges, but he hasnoduty as regards the institution of crimmal proceedings If he or any other equity judge discloses to the law offlcers of the Crown, or zo the responsible officers of the executive Government, any information leading to the inference that a crime has been crommitted, he certaiulydoes an act. for which the country should feel grateful to hiin; hl-t he has no duty to perform in that respect. The hon, and learned member for Wallin.'ord will bearme oat when I a that in courts of equ'ty csrcumstances are every day dis. closed, either as to the mode in vhich deeds are Dot up, or with reference to the conduct of particular tr on. wcn mmgs exposethe persna concrned ~to arsecutioTA~ which niigh t ei sthe persons connerned to aproseej, tio for conspiracy.; but it is not usual for the presiding judge to direct a prosecution, or to take active steps in the prey=ration of one. er - ear.) On. Frday, the 11th of a a argo isnmade spei fically ait. me by the Master of the Rolls, who delivers it fromn the ben of justice, in the presence of a ourt crowded to excesswith persons induced to attend by the notiepre- viously given. The 13rening Mail contains a report of 'what the MWaster said on that occasiou and that it i3 a tiue version is very likely, for I am authoritatively asurea that it was lnet printed from -notes taken in tbe court, but from a m anuscript furnished previously either by the Ma ster himself, or- by some iriend acting on his behalf Thatthis w thi fact seems to be corroborated by the circumstan e tbatzpri ted slips of tbe Master's speech from the bench 's ere cicullt-ed isimediatly after the speech had been delivered. Ate aDl veats, there appeared in t e .Ee-ei ng .tcil 'what purported to be a report in ezjensa of the judrimeat of the Marsteo of the Rolls on thaf occaion. But rst let me readthe prfato9y Eeitencea descriptive of the scene - "We displace from ourlawinteDigenc e thefollowing pro- ceedinsinthe Rotells Court, which took place this day. The Master of the Rolls has, in accordance with the intim Utio n which appeared in our las, o bly vindicated hiaself from the ehargete temd to e fixed upon him by th e A tttorne -Geaea ; an d it now remains-With tait learned g Xntaaa to aceoent, if he en do ao, for the supiinnease 'which has maxked his conduct throughout the whole -ef the traaction. -- '.2 t1 Rolls Courtthis d ay.-The ourt wag
COURT OF ALDERMEIV. Yesterday a Court was held for the despatch of business. Mr. Itechi and Mr. Keats, the sheriff. elect, gave bond for the performance of the daties of the shirevalty for the ensuing year. SEFT12qXIAL -VISIT TO THE AQUATIC BOUNDARIESd Or THE CITY JURISDICTION H3ELOW IUiIDGE. The LORDp MA.YoII stated to the Court that5 thetime having arrived for the septennial visit to the Thames and Med. way bonndaries of the Corporation jurisdiction, it became necessary to make arrangements for supporting the rights and privileges of the City of L.ondon as regarded the con. servnmcy of the river. (Hear, hear.) He considered it to be necessas to omit no form which had been adhered to on previous occasions with regard to those rights and privi. legesparticuilarly in the present condlition of the city of Londoni, suibjected as it had been to invasion. At tile same tie he thought it would be advisable to miake the official visit to the boundaries a .iniet and economical visitk limit. gthe tim t one day instead of three days. (Hear, hear.) Iftthe or apProved his sauggestion, lhe would give directions that a steamer shouldi be got ready for the accommaodation of the members of the corporationL in such a manner as he had no doubt would be app roved. (Cheers.) Alderman Fix.Nis (the next Lord Mayor according to rotation) said, he would feel much gratificationL in seconding the views of the Lord Mayor, and the Court unanimously acquiesced.
THE SMOKE lT'UISA4CE AND THB TEMPLE- GAl DEZS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-My friend fr. Samuel Broome, the gardener of the Inner Temple, mnay write to you as ablyand as often as he likes about the advantages which have accraedto the trees and flowers of his garden by the diminution of the smoke nuisance, but neither will the air of the Temple be agreeable to visitors, nor will residence in the Temple be bearable to occupants of the enormously-rented chambers there, as long aa the large gasworks at the back of Kinges Benchwalk emit such pestiential odours and pollute the river with such filthy liquid as at present they do. I have for some time occupied rooms in that locality, and I do assure you that the nuisance I allude to mnakes my life miserable. Fumes of the most revolting description are always ascending from these works, and when, in addition to this, a volume of refuse gas-water is noured into the river, at certain states of te tide the filth is bacl-ed up into our sewers; and, even when all the wineows are shut, the stink penetrates into the rooms, and at times, espedally late at night, fairly chokes me. These nauseous vapours, to°, blast all the trees in the garden, let Broomne say whAthe wil. If he doubts meI advise him to examine four fine crimson-blossomed hawthorn trees at the esat end; they have long ceased to flower, and at the present time have not a leaf upon them. In the Inner Temple alone 40 sets of chambers, represeuting an annual rental of nearly 3,000[., are now vacant. If a resident in this favoured place is subjected to be nightly stifled in his bed it is scarcely to be wondered st if he refs to pay for one or two poorand badly-built roosnsa rent equal in amount to that for whiich he couald secure a good house in Beigravia. Vnnv, AIASA,41lr E. F. B. '[emple, July 14.
PRESENT.oN OFA SWORD TO COLONM hL .- On Monday there was a public breakfast at the Music-hl1l, Ramsgate, the object being to present a sword to Colonel Lake, C.B., in acknowledgment of his gallantry at Kas. The town had a more gay appearance than it has presented for years. Flags were suspended from the houses, and various devices approepriate to the occasion were exhibited. i Colonel Lake arrived at Ramsato at about half-past 1 o'clock, accompanied by Lieutenant Teesdale, Dr. Sandwith, Mrs. Lake, GeneralPower, Colonel Underwood, and General Mdonteith. No sooner didhe make his appearance than loud and unanimous cheers rent the air, aised by the immense number of spectators who were in waiting toreceive him. A arocession was formed, and the gallant colonel proceeded in?a carriage and four through the streets, which werelined withsrtators. The band of the 12th Lancoershad come over from anterbury, and headed the procession, play ngappropto airs. Among the guests at the breakfast were,-Lady me, SirMosesandLhdyMoxtefiore,GeneralWiDiaons, Countess Dowager of Ashburnham, Lady Ashburnham, Sir B. Bridges, &c. The de uty (Mr. Whitehead) presentedthe sword and salver to tolonelIalke (the sword is an exact counterpart of the one recently presented to Sir William Williams). Inhis address the Chirmanalludedto the feelings of pride which he felt sure all present entertained at having so distinguished a fellow townsman as Colonel LAke. The sword was presented amidst vociferous cheering, the whole company standing. Colonel ILIke, who was received with the most tremendous applause, rose to acknowledge the gift. le said that words mnust fail him to exress the deep and lasting sease of gratitude and pride which he felt at that moment; he might use the hackneyed phrase, and ray it was the proudest moment of his life ; but even that wold but ill express his emotions at that time. But those present knew he had beenu more accustomed tomakefortifications than eloquent speeches. Moreover, his friend, the deputy, had lluded so kdndly to what had occurred at 13ars that he really felt a difficulty in adding anything thereto. But he must bear testimony to the spirit, energy, and indomitable courage which the Turks, under the command of his mucb respected superior, General Williams, had exhibited. After the dre.adiul attack of the 29th he went round to visit them in the entrenehments, and, though the losses they had suffered were most severe, vet he found no hesitation, fear, or dismay of the Russians among those brave men, illdicipliued and unclothed as they were; no, their only fer was that the enemy would maLe another and more successful attack, and they would be obliged to succumb. And even later in that dreadful siege, when starvation was pressing hardly upon them, and the poor Turks were dro ping every day in the streets dead from exhaustion ant fatigue, yet no murmur Was ever allowed to escape their lips-no complaints ever reachd his ears, They bore in the the most admirable patience their fate. 3Wor could he conclude without hearing testimony to the admirable manner in which the enemy had behaved, ife ws glad to ee the name of General Mouravieff opposite him; for a braver man-a more trely great and generous soldier did not, he believe, exist. wnatever might be their opinion of the conduct of some of the Russian officers ani soldiers durng the war, they must acknowledge, and he was sure they would do so with pleasure, that nothing could exceed thegallantry andtbehumanityof General fouravieff aud those under his comnmand. One more word, and he had done, he was sorry to introdutoseintosohamTpY a, meeting aS that any rsmarl-which maight e nd to sadten their feeligs, but it was due to the departe brave that they shoul d uot he forgotten, though dead. Ile believed that a eral and heartfelt. grief had been spread through te Cd at the death of Colonel Thompson-a dleath so untimely, for he had just reached England from the socee of his cares And trials, and he (Colonel Lake) could say that a kindlier, braver, and more humanean never exdted. Once more, be must beg to thank them for the handsome sword ~ud salver which they had given him. (Applause.) (Clonel Lake was loudly cheered as he left the town.) MR. JoBpm BitiiT, XMP.-Our readers are aware from the mnany pargr ha that hATe apipeared in the puli papers that Mx. Jcoh Bright is sojourming mu Scotlad. We are Able to state, ont very good authority, that for the last threeorfourweeks his beathhas recovered very rapidly; and that the expecttions as to his recovering 'his formner vigour are now very decidled, AVgo deal of his times spent infishing, invwhichiheehashd great sucoess. He does not stay Iong at one place. Mr. Bright himself now speaks more confidently of hiis recovery. He is staying at present in Sutherlandshir.-ecdg.mcri,11 of yesterday. -L'Bm C"-z F RONU -We am gratified to say that, although sinister rumours from Caffreland Were emr rent in Cape Town on the arrival of the pos the most muwuaed contradictions bare just beer given tothem, byt;e oveaos esie,iathe House of Asseembl.y, l;y tha Colonal3 Secretarv, who read the last deap hdes from the authorities in Caifeland up to the 1st of Mnay, inclusive, from whi.h it appeared that nothing whatever had happened to cause alarm.-Sow'l Africn Uonznes-c-ie Adsvrtisc,* ay S.
LONDON, WZDNESDAY,TULYf 16 I5. In the House of Liords la*ztnight Lord PA ,um; in replyto the Dnke of Soxnm, ated that no limitations hmd been mna&e to the power exercised by the Commander-in-Chief oi. the recent appointment of the Dluke of COMBRIDnG to that offloe. - The LonD Cn-IcELTon moved the second reading of the Bishops of London and Durham Petirement
There is a season for all things, and there are opportunities which are peculiarly favourable for elaborate trifling. Thus there are occasions of life when the undertaker, or the beadle, or a master of the ceremonies commands the situation, and both suggests and settles our doubts. Half the, life of man used to be given up to the tyranny of trifles. A Eing of Spain, as everybody knows. died because the only noble who could move his chair from the fire was out of the way. When the SrEcrATon was visited in his lodgings by Sir ROGER nE COvzRLEY and some country gentlemen they were a quarter of an hour bowing one another Up c" one pair" of stairs. Just such an occasion as we speak of has arrived in the Lords. Two Bishops have declared themselves incapable 6f their episcopal duties, and all we have to do is to enable them to retire, and successors to be appointed. In ordinary affairs the case is common, and easily met. If an old servant becomes blind, or paralytic, or bedridden, or idiotic, it is the work of half an hour to pension him off and agree with a successor. The case of a Bishop, however, is not to be so thought of. Since the time of the Reformation, the Lo"n CHcxron infoms us, there has been no case of a Bishop retiring. A Bishog has wish7ed to resign, and a Queen has wished a Bishop to resign who did not himself wish to do so; but neither of these Bishops resigned, nor did any other. Bishops havo become, indeed, so utterly incapable that for years there has been no evidence that they were even alive, but everything went' on as usual. . In fact, it appears there is an act of Parliament against resignation; not against a morbid tendency to throw away the revenues and dignities of a bishopric, but against a form of job, common in former days, in the matter of episcopal pensions. So now, when the occasion has actualy arisen, and two Bishops have been found with the grace to resign an office they can no longer discharge, all sorts of perplexities invade the minds of true Churchmen. In the first place, the very negotiation for the purpose of this retirement, on the promise of a pension, is an illegal conspiracy to break an act of Parliament; then it is plainly contrary to the laws touching simony; so that their Lordships and all the parties concerned are liable to be tried, first for mi5demeanour, then for simoniacal practices. Lord REDESDALE is strongly impressed with this view, and, considering, with great reason, that it cannot signify for a few years whether the Bishops of LONDoN and DuxiAi are capable or not, is for waiting for the chance of a general measure, which may probably be expected in three hundred years, that being the interval since the last legislation on the subject. Lord DEEnY also is of opinion that Govemment can wait, particularly as it bas waited since last November, when the Bishop of DuRi,i expressed his wish to resign. The LORD CJHAWELIOR himself is sensible of these difficulties. Were an ordinary incumbent to do that which the Bishops of LONDON and Dunsar are now doing he would be liable to deprivation and all sorts of penalties, and would be handed down to posterity as a disciple of SmioN X&GUs and a sharer in tho doom of that miserable man. Not only, however, can Bishops -do what emalI incumbents cannot, but what would be an abominable sin in an incumbent, and would consign him to disgrace and poverty-not to speak of everlasting perdition-is an angelic' stretch of virtue in a Bishop, and invests him with the odour of sanctity. We have lately heard the Bishop of LONDoN extolled to the sldes for doint what would certainly send the Rev. JonN Ssnrrr, perpetual curate of Starvingtown, to Doctors'-commons, infamy, and a gaol. It is notorious that thousands of clergy have desired to resign their liy5gs for all sorts of reasons,-incapaeity, occupation, the wish for 1 rest or for change, colonial, missionary, or literary work, or the education of their children, if only they might have a pension out of their livings enough for bare existence, or if they might be permitted tok reeive a small sum. But the Legisature and that exalted rank of the hierarchy from which the governing classes take their religious views have always main. tained that tuhis was a most diabolical suggestion, and must be resisedby all manner of means. So, when a clergyman has found he cannot reside compatibly with other necessities or vocations,he resigns ids preferment, and has nothing to do with it but to payfordilapidations to his sumcessor. The Bishops I ot Isoan and DuBx mig.ht do this5 aad they would do what hundreds of clergy have done before them. Or they miight resign, and trust to the generosity of Parliament to pension them according to their merits and their habits of life. Bat there is a very old saying in vhueh books, cave de r2esignationibus, and these Bishops aro in no hurry to resign their livings till they mee in blaclk and white the exact figure they are to have for doing so. The same document which relievei the Bishop of LOno; of his duties also gives him 6,000. a-year and Fulham; so, of course ho is quite. safe, and there can be no mistake about it. Considering the grave charge of "simony," towhich the transaction is certainly liable, we rejoice to remember that we have not lavished our praises on the retiring prelates with the hastyzeal of some ill-informed Churchmen. We are no parties to this equivocal affair, and have adhered elocely to the rule of the first Christians, which was to give up ail the pay when you could- do none of the work. The Bishop of Ex=m, however, who might have taken high ground, and had no possible reason for- -iot doing so, has put his foot into it, as it seems, from a mere appetite for jobs. "1 Thy should not the " whole Bench of Bishops have been allowed " the opportunity of considering a matter so inti"mately connected with the interests of the "Church?" No doubt HmNRY of Exeter would have found himself quite at home in a Council of Bishops propounding terms to the Cow-N-, and very fertile in objections to any plan which did not suit his convenience. So he insists much on the right episcopal way of doing the thing-viz., that a Bishop can only resign to an Archbishop, and if he cannot do his duties should be allowed a suiragan under his own commission. Tho objections to the bill are insuperable in his mind. The simony which to other people has assumed the proportions of a " camel" he swallows without a word of objection, but strains at the informality of a resignation to the CnowN, and not to the Pr.ImAI. As his Lordship has taken this line, we beg to meet him upon his own groLund. In the authorities to which he refers where does he find that bodyho speaks of as "the Bench of Bishops " 'Where does he find any question as important as this, or any question at all, referred to the decision of a council of English Bishops ? Our Bishops have seats in the House of Lords and at their respective sees; but the British constitution, and we will add the constitation of the Church, no more recognizes " the Bench" of Bishops out of the walls of Parliament than it does the three tailors of Tooley-street, or the three denominations in Redeross-street, er the millowners of Manchester. The Bishops, of course, find it comfortable and convenient to meet occasionally, to dine and talk over their own affairs. But they are no more than a Caucus or club, and have no proper ecolesiastical character as a Bench of Bishops. ifNeither the Bishop of ExrT's objection, however, nor any other, pre. vented a measure of evident necessity from going to a second reading; and we expect before the end of another week to have to congratulate the Bishops of LoNDoN and Durnmr and their respective dioceses - on an arrangement which, notwithstanding its equivocal character, suits the convenience of all parties.
The AxTopwny-GRNEA for Ireland has at last found that opportunity of defending hLmself of which Mr. XfAriEnr was so eager to deprive him the other night, and we must say the result has completely shown the wisdom, if not the good faith, of Mr. NAPi's manceuvre. Never was jusification more complete or more triumphant. Step by step, day by day, circumstance by circumstance, did M. FiTzGhzAID unravel and refute the accusations of the NhsTrs of the Rorts, until nothing was left of that specious edifice, apparently so symmetrical and so sound, but really so flimsy and so unsubstantial. We were wrong in our anticipations of an Irish row. Quarrel and disturbance there has been none, for the ease for the defence was so clear and overpowering that it put to flight and scattered to the winds all opposition, and compelled those who had pressed it forward to confess its stxength either in words or in still more expressive silence. Except as regards Mr. FiTzGErAmD, who had not then been heard in his defence, and upon whose conduct consequently we offered no decided opinion, we have nothing to retract and little to alter in our former estimate of the actors in this remarkable episode, now that the whole matter is made clear to us. As to Mr. FiTzGznnLD, it is impossible to speak too highly of his conduct throughout the whole affair, or of the clearness and ability -with which he stated his defence. He established, as it seems to us, beyond all dispute, that, according to the practice of his office and the duties imposed by law and custom upon him, he would have been perfectly justi. fied had he abstained altogether from prosecuting J,lAs SADrm, and left the case to be followed -up or not, at their will, by those who were personally aggrieved at his conduct. It appears that up to the time when the MAsrEa of the Roras pronounced his indignant philippic against the Government for not having prosecuted the offender to conviction there was nothing whatever to leadthe Irish ATron Y-GMsp.aL to suppose that his intervention was either needed or could be of the slightest avail. All parties had combined, however strange it may seem, to acquit JAMMS SsDnn. of fraud. The Master, by his deci3ions on the 23d and 28th of MIay, had ratified that opinion, and there was absolutely no evidence producible which could place SADLEIX upon his trial, or tend to prove that he was guilty of the onTly offence which could be suggested as arising out of fthe facts--namely, a conspiracy. The defence offered by Mr. FirzeERaw up to the 3d of J.une is therefore perfectly satiafactory and somplete. He did not indict Mr. SADnRr because he had no facts on which to lay a foundation for his case, and because he did not feel bound to embark the Government in a rash and ill-grounded prosecution, to which only one termination was possible. From the 3d of June the defence of the ATTorrNv-GENE11AL is of a different character. He alleges, and seems most satisfactorily to prove, that from the moment the MAIsruT of the RoLLs made known his opinion of JTrs SADrw s guilt, and the duty of prosecuting him devolved on the Government, he discharged with the utmost zeal and assiduity, with the utmost fidelity and efficiency, all the functions of an upright and vigilant minister of Justice. He logt not an hour in setting the law in motion. The SoLImToR-GzNzrim being more conversant with the practice of the Court of Chancery thai with the criminal law, he provided him -with an able and experienced assistant in the person of the late ATTomN=-GENERu, Mr. BnEwsTERn. He obtained] with much difficulty a copy of the 150 affidavits which formed a portion of the materials out of which the guilt of JAS SADIRM was to be extrated. He held conferences 'with the law officers, with the C.OWN So},crror, with the: HosE: SEcRMar, with the English ArorsY-Gmz, and when his agents in Dublin had come to the conclusion that no steps ought to be taken by the Government in the matter he overruled their decision, pitched upon the person who was to swear the information, sketched out himwelf the facts that wero neceXsary t4 be stated, communicated with the police, and carried on the whole affair with the utmost ability ana energy. At the time when the MASmR of the RozLS deliberately and adTi ai, with au 1i g emnitY zk*,nadinug a i, oU judgment, and all the weight whicb the words of a jindge, spoken in open court, never . fail to carry with them, was Assuring the public that the ATrTorw-GmsmjA, aroused for a moment froin his slumbers, had sunk back again upon the pillow of his indolence, and was either reckless or guiltily desirous of the escape of the culprit, Mr. FiTZGERALD was making exertions which, considering the mass of Parliamentary aud other business that pressed upon him, are deserving of the very highest commendationl, and, if J.UMs SArDnm could have been captured, his was certainly the hand that would have seized him. Mr. IiA&rms share in these transacteins appears on his own showing to have been even worse than we supposed it to be. By his misrepresentations, apparently, the MASTER of the ROLLS was induced to believe what certainly there was no colour for saying-that he had been accused by Mr. FrrzGoRAD of violating the oath of a Privy Coundilior. Whatever other blesmings Mr. 1APIEnes career may heap upon him, he can scarcely lay claim to that solemn benediction so emphatically pronounced in favour of the peacemakers. Of the MIASEs of the RoLs we have, unhappily, little new to say.; We believe him to be a gentleman of good abilities, of upright -intentions-endowed, indeed, with every quality necessary for his station, with the important exception of temper and discretion. That the matter was misrepresented to him by Mr. NAnma can form no sort of excuse, because, in the -fist place, he knew that Mr. NAPiER was afflicted with deafness, and in the second he had the reports of all the newspapers with which to correct the exaggeration of his charitable infornant. The indecency of abusing the seat of justica for the purpose of such tirades as he delivered remains utterly unpalliated -nay, considerably aggravated, by the fact that the object of all this violent and undignified abuse was at that very mement labouring most assiduously for the attainment of that very object -whichhe was accusing him of neglecting. We never remember an instance of an attack so violent and so unfounded, setting aside the aggravation that it was nmade by one of the highest judicial servants of the CnowV against the head of the legal Executive. We were told with considerable emphasis during the former debate that issue vas solemnly joined in the face of Parliament and of the country, that the matter could not be allowed to stop there, and that the MAsTER of the Ronis would be completely justified. These pledges have not been redeemed, and those who made them were well content last might to sit sient and abashed, without making worse by an attempt at explanation or defence a situation which nothing they could say could possibly improve.
The mutiny of the Tipperary Militia at Nenagh is an event of so serious a character that to discuss it at the present moment is a delicate task. It is long since these islands have seen the spectacle of two bodies of men, each enrolled in the QuExm's name for the defence of the country, turing their arms against each other in a fatal affray. The Militia, who resisted their officers and fired upon the regular troops, must be held guilty of such a gross violation of both civil and military law that the offence cannot be passed over. Breach of discipline, breach of the public peace, riot and murder, are the crimes for which they stand answerable, and the ringleaders are in the position of men on whose fate the law must decide. In these circumstances it is the duty of every one to refrain from statements or comments ,which may prejudice the case either for or against the prisoners. A proper examination will, no doubt, in due time take place, and to the usuaL tribunals we leave the decision; but, as much has been said on this subject, and some misrepresentation is current, it is almost necessary to refer to it. There is, we are happy to believe, not the slightest ground for attributing this unhappy event to any political or sectarian feeling, or to any general discontent of the men .at the discipline of the service. The sole cause of the disturbance is, we believe, the indignation of the Militia at what they conceived a breach of faith on the part of the Govermment. The facts, as stated in a local paper, are that at the present moment there is due to every man of the North Tipperary MAilitia from 50s. to 70s. of the bounty promised on enlistment. The day of their discharge had come, they were once more to disperse to their homes all over that and the adjoining counties, when they found that they were to be dismissed penniless for the present, but that some weeks after they might receive 14s. as the balance of bounty due to them according to Government calculations. At the same time, the clothes they wore were to be ta7ken from them, and they were to go forth in such garments as constitute an Irish peasant's wardrobe, even supposing them to have been carc-ful enough to preserve the clothing with which they had enlisted. Nowr, we doubt not that Government will be able to defend itself as acting according to the very letter of the law. If the fact be correct that only 14s. was allowed by the authorities to be due, it may be predicted that a debtor and creditor account wil show clearly how, by means of allowances and stoppages, the sum which the recruit fondly fancied was his own had dwindled to a fourth or fifth of the original amount. Similarly, we make no doubt it will be proved to demonstration that the trousers belonged to the State, and not to their wearers. But it remains not the less evident that the men were up to the last moment ignorant of these liabilities. It is not denied that the regiment had up to that time been quiet and orderly; it must, then,-have been no slight surprise which produced such an outbreak of fury. No one respects an officer and a gentleman more than the Irish peasant, yet so- extreme was the violence of the men that their officers were obliged to seek refuge in the town gaol. The regiment would not give up its arms and clothing, nor quit its position, until it had received the bounty promised on enlistment. This behaviour seems at least to show that these hundreds of men all had the notion that the full sum promised was due to them, and that they were grievously wrongeed by its being withheld, What, then, is the reason that such a misunderstanding prevailed up to the last day of their service? Is it the polcy of our Government to obtain recruits by allowing a false notion to be current of the advantages of the service, caring little to undeceive them when they are no longer wanted? A Tipperary peasant must be supposed to have little conception of regimental regulations. His ideas are simple enough, and the conclusion he naturally comes to is that what -he is promised he is to receive, and what is given to him he will be allowed to keep. It is the least duty of the authorities to give each man a clear understanding of his rights and position. If the bounty be practically a certain sum, then it is the height of injustice to allure recruits with the expectation of a larger amount, by including in it the cost of necessary articles, which the Government must in any Case provide. The word "bounty' is held to mean a present of a certain sum on enlistment, and any regulations by which this sum is made to appear larger than it. really is eonstitute what rmust e considered morally a breach of faith. E S-ch an affair as this of Nenagh may not be wjAout its consequences. The memory of a country district is sufficiently retentive, and the affray of 1856, with exaggerations or mythical incidents giving a religious complezion to the dispute, may have some effect on the reerniiting for the Militia in years to come. If the Government, then, has acted with any want of good faith,-if there has been any breach of contract, or even any sharpness of - practico with these -ninstructed men, -there is much blame due. The Mfilitia is a foree -which it is both the duty and policy of our statesnento treat liberally. This old and constitutional levy has done good service during the late war. Fronm the wealthy landowner to the recruit taken froin the plough there has been no laek in any rank of patriotism and spirit. After the disasters of 1854 the army was restored to its full numbers by the voluntary enlistment of large bodies of men who had first seen service in the Mlfitia of the various counties. To this home force -we owe it that EPngland was able in a few months, after great calamities, to place an army in the field not so much inferior to the hosts of her great military ally. In the improved defensive organization which the nation demands the chie£ reliance muast be placed on a willing and well-disciplined Mtilitia. The questions, "Shall we get our bounty 9' " ShalD. " we have clothes to go home ;n TV ought not to be in the mouths of any set of men at the conclusion of their term of service. For the sak-e of that plublic spirit in which the safety of Thie nation -consists, it is the duty of Government to treat its volunteers with liberality. While, then, any such insubordination as we have now to lament should be firmly repressed, the public will demrand that legitimate grievances shall not be refused hearing said relief.
COURT1 CIRCULAIR. The Qaeen, attendedl by the Ron. Caroline Cavendish and the Equxerries in Waiting, visited her Royal Highness thie Duchess of Glocester yesteray at Glocester-house. The Priinoess R'oyal and thie Plincess Alice also paid a visit to Her Majesty took a drive in an open landau and four in the afternoon, accompnieOd by Prnde Albert, the Princess of rusia,th Prnces Luia, nd rice Atu.Major. General Hon. C. Grey and Colonel T. E. Seymour atteded T'he Princess of Prussia and the Princeess Louise, attended by the Countess von Ha-cke and Count BDos, went yesterday morniig to Westminstr Abbey, and afterwards inspected the Brits Museum. The Princess of Prussia visited her Royal Highanes the Duches of Glocester, at Glocesterhouse, her Royal hness theDlceessof Kent, at Clarencehouse, and her Rony Highness the Duchess of Cambridge, at her residence in St. James's Palace. Hism Royal Highness the Prince of Prussin, attnded by Barron d'Alvensleben,visited Woolwich.Royal Arsenal yesterda.y afternooi. ThePrlince vasrxeceived hyMajor-General Sir Fenwick W. Williams and the officers of t'he various depart. nents, and was conducted by them over the establishment. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Ker t dined witl the Queen in the evening. Hfer Majesty andl his Royal Highness Prince Albert, -with their Royal Highnesses thea Prince and Princess of Prussia and the Princeas~Louisc, honouredl the Royal Italian Opra werethe ouness f Deart theCounessvon Hracke, donld,Lor deTabey~Cout Bos,Maor-General Hon- -Th Contes o Dsar ha suceeedthe Countes of Gaishooug astheIad inWaiingtothe Queen. Lordde Tble andSir redrichStovn hve relieved Lord asnos an SirEdwad Boaterin their duties as The uke nd uches d Nemursvisited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent yesterdlay, at Clarence-house, St. james's. ______
IREM2?AD. de- (FROX OUR OWN COUREVONDM-T.) DUBIaN, TUESDAY MoRa2.n . THE FIGHT OF JA3M SADL=EI. The report in a Carlow paper of the arrival in that town of sundry cars laden with the worldly goods of M1r. James Sadleir was, it seems, no idle piece of provincial gossip. Just before the close of business yesterday in the Rolls' Court the followinog proceedings took place .- ").fr. Vlliam Smith moved, under special circumstanoes, that an injunction do issue to restrain Mr. James Sadleir, his aents5 servanti, and all persons acting on his. behalf, or byhis aathority, from seling or disposing of any part of his personal property, and from receiving the rents and profits of any portionofbis real freehold, or chattels, real estates inlreland, until he should answer the petitioninrthis case, and further order. The learned gentleman moved on the afldavit of Mr. Power, one of the petitioners, which set forth that a paragraph had appeared in a CarloW newspa)per, stating three drays, heavily laden with furniture, sad to belong to Mr. James Sadleir, passed through that town on their way to Dublin-a statement which Mr. Power believed to be true; and that on the 3dof July inst. several horses and cattle, belonging to Mr. Sadleir, had been sold in the town of Cionmel. Under these circumstances the proompt interference of the Court became necessary. " The Master of the Rolls asked if any notice had been served a '1 Mr. Smith said there had not been any notice served, as the case was too pressing to admit of one. "His Honour granted the apglication, and requested 3r. Smith to send ia draught of the order tothe registrar. TH UE DER OF MS. HEILY. At the Westmeath assizes yesterday counsel ap plied on behalf of Mr. George Strevins and James Bannon to respite the recognizances till nest assizes. Tne traversers had been held to bail by the Court of Queen's Bench, but the Crown were not prepared to send up the bills at present. After a brief discussion bail was tendered and accepted on behalf of Mr. Strenins, and the case was ordered to stand overtill the springassies. The Lord Chief Baron, in his charge to the grand jury, drew a rather unfavourable sketch of the condition of Westmeath generally "His lordship very much regretted to say that, although the nunberof offences appeaing on the clendar was small, and the trouble which would necessarily be imposed on the grand jury would not be very great, yet some of the offences were of a very serious character; and he still more regretted to find, from a return he had received of the number of outrages committed in the county since the last asizes1 that a number of other crimes, for which the parties had not been made amenable, had been committed, and no advance had been as yet made to bring the culprits to justice. He found that since the last assizes no less than five cases bad occurred inwhich there had been homicides of various degrees of atrocity. One most atrocious murder (of M Sarah Kelly) had been committed, with respect to which there was st present no prospect, at least no immediate prospect, of bringing the criminal to justice. There had been no less than 15 cases of outrage of an sgrarian character; and he was sorry to sav he feared there were but twO or three of those that would be made amenable t4 justice. It was the duty of the judge to call the attention of the grand jury to factsof thiskind; but the judge could do little more than direct the attention of those who were localy interested or concerned to the circumstances connected vith the cases, and invite and exhort the attention of the ury and the magistrates, in order that the culprits might be brought to. justice; and that the jury might look narrowly to every fact, and make every possible inquiry which would lead to the conviction of the guilty. He was not sufficiently acquainted with the state of the county immediately preceding the last assizes to say whether or not outrages were upon the increase, but if they found that gross outrages occurred between the months of March and July, he was afraid they might conclude that there was great danger of those offences being multip)lied, and therefore they should consider in what districts She greatest tendency existed towrds an increase in outrage, for thepur pose of repressing it or punishing the offenders."
TiE CA mDiA SzrAmins.-The Canadian steamship Indian wll leave Liverpool to-day for Montreal and Quebec, having onboarj tajorfioutledlo, Colonel Sthutton, mieutenant General Sire Willco n ucet h rs bEyre andrchild, aielitenantColonel F.Thackwell,Baot, tilitary Secretary, nwith wife and two children; Lieutenant St. CLiir, Aide-de. Camp;* Mrs. lffjor Bobertson, I&c. Ting Tneml OF Wcnrinr Dovtr . Littla or nomeaint is kinown pon the subteet officiwly, beyond the fact that the trial Is fixed for the 16th inst. s theis day). We believe that it has been truly sated that since Dove's committal to York Castle hie conduct has been characterized by e Stoeldity and eouanoiityablost amounting to indifference, and that his letters to his friendintiedshavebeen couched in general but confident term. We may make a littleo addition to taese statements, whichthebelieve mav be reied npon. The prisoner eats, drinks, and sleeps ell;-cireumstances to nesich he has him-elf referred as evidence of cis innooence, wrhich he has protested from thie iirst. HIe is said to have put the quetion, " Do you oinr a man could eat, and drin, and sleep as I do ifhe wereguiltyof such a crime as that id to. my charge r " It is also a fact that Dove has become stouter durnng his inearceratior in the castle,-a circurstance which be is said to have commentediponhimt self, and drawfn conclusions from it in favour of his denial thatheisthelmurderernofhisife. It is still understood that the delence to be set up on the part of Dove is that. of insanity; but-, from ail wve can learn upon that point, wve do not consider it at all certain that that line of defenc, will be adopted, or, at all events, entirely and solely relied upon. The witnesses in the case are very nuomerous, and the calculationl ihat the trial will occupy three or four days is still adhered to. Mir. Baron Branwrell is The Judge before whomc the' risoner will be tried. The counsefor the proeecntion are Mr. Overend, Q.C., Mir. irdy, and 3fr. Baylev, a4ii the counsdl for the defence are-mfr. Bliss, Q.C., Mir. Serj eantWilkins, and Mr. Rlobert Hal (Recorder of Diceaterh.-Leds Mrc7Duey. [Advertisement.J--n consequlence of thie review at ;Aldershott this day Mrs Petrie Waugh's privahthe iatricals at Camnpden-house will commence at 9, instead 61f 8 o'cdock, this evening (Wednesday, Jul 10).
OPBNING 01? THE CONCERT RALL ROYAL SUBREY GafRDBNS. Thon auoNg our recelrs who bave n3ver sttsiW aiy6oE the great provindal music meetings 'which take plice tanfity in various part of England must, if they wire preseustysserdy aftsrnoon at the inguraion fediva for the opening of the nsw conert hal, in Surrey Gardeis, have isa an excellent notion of what they real are. There was the same busile, animation, snd excitement, while everything was on the Onne grand scale-grander, indeed, if numbers may be taken into consideration, sinie 2eI the orchestra directed by IL Ju31ien there was something like 1,000 pcrformers, vocal and imstrumentil. A mio'ra auspicious beginnug to a new and important undertaking could scarcely have been desired by its 'warmest wellwishers. The weather was superb, and that was already an. incitement to attend aflte which in a grat measure might be denominated as a flte " al Jresc," and froin: as musical and even popular point of view both respectability aid ecZdt were given to the event by a very fine performance of Handel's Jiwiah. owr many more great occasions, noble charities, and splendid monuments are destined to be commemorated by this inunortal oratorio! No worlkin any eister art holds the sameposia6n with regard to others as the .reiahw itharegardto the bulk of musicalcoinpositions. It was therefore wisely chosen to i:angurate the Surrey Festival; and, as hs been con. tinually observed, seemed to bring good fortune with it. All the world of connoisseurs was preset-besides some thousands of persons, attraed, no doubt, as nauch by the novelty of the spectacle as by the expectation of a musical performanc-e onx an unusually grand scal. W e may at once say that thle coup d'#rssi waswonderfully succeessuL Proceedings commenced with Dr. Sadnuei Scbastian Wesley's arrangement of the "Old Hundredth Psalm." sung by all the voices~, -with accompwanmeauta to the lait Terse, and conducted by the celebrated organist himself. The harmonization of this truly solemn and at the same time simple melody is masterly, a.id the correctness with which it was intoned gavea promise of excelence in the chornswhich wanmore thanfull5lledbythe Mesniah. The IN ationalAnthem followed, Mr. Sims Refves and Mladamie Cla raNovello declaiming the solo verses in a style so emphatic ttGo;ig lem t r5hn of the audience, who 9a course remained standing until the end. loong before the conclusion of the first part of the Atesitik the adaptation of the Surre Music-hall for'sonid win placed beyond a doubt. In this essential no other buildiv in Great Britain can be compared with it. The fu" e allegro in the orerture proved at the outset that the stringed quartets could be heard quite as well as the instruments of wood and their louder compaions of brass. T'he effect of the choruses was remarkable. Not merely the masses in aggregate, but tfe various parts separately, came out-with a clemrness seldom paraleled. " ianos" and even " pianissimos" were audibleat the remotestpoints of thebuilding; and, indeed, no pare accessible to the audiencoe seemed deficient in this in- aluaDle quality of resonance without superfluous reverberation. Those fine choruses, "'The glory of the Lord" and " He shall puify," at once raised the impression we have described, but which was irrevocably confirmed by the sIll finer "U nto us a child is boer." This last was admirably rendered, and at the end the audiencea broke out into acclamations of approval, and insisted upot a repetition. The point and delicacy of the part singig here were worthy of unqualified praise, more especilly -when the multitude of voices employed is taken into consideration. The climax, too, attained in that sublime passage, "; And his name shall be called ' Wonderful, Coungsel lor, the M1ighty God, the Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace, " was thrilling. Another most striking performance was, "All we like sheep," one of the mgnificent chain of choruses which impart such dignity and interest to the second division of the oratorio, illustrating the passion and sufferings of the Saviour. Here the florid passaDges,deliveredwithlafluencyandtrathofintonation forwhichournativechorus singers arewholly unrivalled, and which they doubtless owe to the constant study of Handel's music, stood out detached sad in strong relief, against the long-sustained notes which,in the instance of the sopicir, the higher in the scale they ascended tho more bright and penetrating was their tone. As a s,ecimen of fugue singig 'we may mention "Ee trusted in God," 'where the delivery of the theme by the basses aid the altermate responses of the other departments could hardly be excelled in firmness and vigour of attack. This masterpiece, which has been termed the IIironical chorus," and, if music may be alowed, as wa thinkit may, to suggest irony, with justice-was as keenly enjoyed by the audience as any of its more popular fellows. The height of effect was attained, however, in the sublime "Hallelujah" and the not less prodous " Worthy is the Iamb " and " DAmen," with wlhch the oratorio terminates. The opening strains of the firs' at onco sum3moned the audience to their feet, and at the end a reetition was demanded with vociferous unanimity. The short fugue for stringed instruments, that separates the two movements of "'Worthy is the Iamb" Ivas executed 'with extraordinary precision. But it was not exclusively in the choruses that the admirable acoustic dispositions of the new music-hall were demonstrated. Allthe re5ned combinations of wind instruments that distinguaish Mozarts additional accompaniments were heard to perfectien. As signal examples may be cited those delicate touches in the bass (contraRo ') air, "But who may abide 1" and the richer and more elahorafe colouring by clarinets and bhssoons, in "The people thit walked i darkness," both of which were extremel- 'ell rendered by Mr. Weiss. In the "pastoral symphonxy the stringed instruments and flutes exhibited a certain transparency of tone which brought to mind fhe well-knomwn remark of one of the Geozges, 'who said that 'while listening to this piecoe he "could see the stars shining"-although, it being broad s"ulight, it was difficult to realize such a picture on the present occasion. The solo voices were just as satisfactory as the rest. This 'was directly manifested in the opening air, "Comfortyo mypeople," and later in that most pathetic of movement,s, "Behold and see," in each of which the admirably sustained m=c toce of Mr. Sinms Reeves produced a beautiful effcct, while, owing to his plain and sensible delivery, not one s'llable of the words was lost even in the softest passages. The same gentleman shone to no less advantage in the air, "Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron " (the ckeu mde lteaiUe of the elder Braham), which he sang with immense energy, adding one more to the encores of the morning. That the clear and telling voice of :adame Novello (who divided the soprano music with Madame Radersdorff) should be heard to eminent advantage in such a building was not surprising This lady's most successful efforts were in " I know that my efdeemer liveth," and the tranquil and lovely " Come nto him," the first verse of 'which ("He shall feed his flock"' (wi-as sung with a charmning repose and simplicitf of style by Miss olby, whio won equal credit in "e Wa W despised," and hut for the concluding cadence would have merited no less in "O thou that teDlest glad tidings to Zion." Madame Rudersdorif was intrusted ith the soprano music of thePassion, and to her fell the tuneful and consohng melody, " But thou didst not leave his soul in hell," whicn wanted nothing but a little more.ileoa to be irreproacbable. To conclude our notice of the solos we have only to specify Mr.Weiss's very artistic singing of "The trumpet shall sound," in which Mr. Harper. by his skilful execution of the trumpet ob6ligato part, 'we deserved his share of the loud applause bestowed upon the vocalist. M. Jwuien conducted the oratorio throughout, and he may fairly be complimented for one of the best performances of Handel's masterpiece ever heard in London. The band was as efficient as it 'was numerous, and, 'vith the accompished Signor Sivori as leader, counted in its. ranks nearly al the competent players belonging to the most noted orchestras of the metropolis. The chorus, besides comprisingthe pidlkedmen andwomen from tbe choirsof LondonF andits vicinities, boaktedahost of freshand energetic voioes from Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham, Bradford, Leeds, &c. Rlarely, indeed, has there been a more imposing choral assemblage. The termination of the oratorio was the signl for loud and enthusiastic plaudits from all parts of the building. The audience did not seem at all inclined to disperse, howvever; and, as the rehearsal of some pieces for a future concert. ws about to commence, M. JuDlien atS compelled, in a polite address (which was heartilv eheeredY, to hint that if they were disposed for any more music they must return in the evening Many hundreds of people remained in the gardens, prefearnng to dine on the spot rather than to ay again for the evening eoncert. There was an additional inducement, to, in the fine weather, which prevailed without interruption. St. Jullien had conquered St. Swithin; and at S oclock (the hour for recomnmencing the musical performances) the Mardens wrere lignted up in the ancient fashion-with hBinese lamps andiluninuated columns-under aeky which, although somewhat cloudy (brightened at intervals by flashes of s'neetiiglrining), hel ont no imeodiate thret of discomfort+ or inconvemniene to the crowrd.. The concert was quite as successful as the oratorio in the mornig. It comprised a miscellaneous selectionL of vocal and instrumental music, conducted by X. Julien-who, according to his established and respectd custom, mingled with the lighter andmore ephemeral pieces certain compositions of the great masters, which it is gratifyingto saywerelistenedto withthestrictest attention, and receivedwithunanimousapplause. The gret vocal feature of the evening was J.he incomu..rable singing of Alboni. BoIL her pieces 'were encored i a tumult of applause, and it was Uifficult to know. which was most admired-the "N.on pie mests," a triumph of ilorid vocalization, or the sparklig and iinintiable eB-ibdii from Lucrezia Borgia. Another well merited encore was obtained by Madame Gasier in the familiar vaIse of Venzano, which was conducted by the composer himself. Whilethelstnotes of thechorus "The heaves re tellin"l were being ungthe signalforthe fireworks-was hea, anud the audience at once dispersed (in quiet an& exemplary order, by the - way) to the . terrace, and the lawns in front of the lake, excepting thoes who had the privilee of the outer galeries. The pyrotechnic display (under the expeienced direction oci -esrs Southby) was unusually splendid, and became 1I the more impeidng in consequenea of a novel and unex- j pected auxili From the beginning of the coucert, it bs een hinted that,wlile there wa mo aboolute indication of a I change in the weather, ominou symptoms were obserable. I The lighting as it played about the building and lke, illuminak g he cene 'with f mi,lhough fist appzntly innoent, becae,$ as the nigt adaned5 re onnigt and, just before the oeert ended, th thunder beanto jeep it ompay. r Pawuon's sicturX of Constantinople wras brilliantly lightd up, and the fi - works ooneenoed writh revolving sas refected eI ike lake as iD a mirrlor. Fromn varous meei>e, disoed on either aide, e bomnbaret 'wrar [ coned -with great spirit, when suddenly te aeai ehanged, and a olosal figue of l e , th e tended wings, bearing an olive-branch in either ld, mowed forwardtotheentre. ThecoawpPr;ilwas mganifiot. Na1 sooner were the fireworks over, however, tban the eleam k (as if impatient at such long restrant) let loose their fury, anda thuiderstorm burst forhih boughtti nag|tion to a conclusion in a maner oonsideraYly more izi presie than agreeable,
MOY.M.YI-ABTs OITYIN2h:LLffNQV. Taesdsy Evening. Tha quotation of goldw at Paris is about 6 per rine premium, and the short exchangp or.:Lndon is 25-27k per Il sterling. On comparing thtae rates with tho English Min' price of :. ITS 1. pwr ounce for-wtandard gold, it appears tha gotd id mealy 2-lOths per cent, dearer in Paris than in London. By savices from Hrb-rg the prloe of golf Is 423 per mark, ancd the ahQt exchange on London! in 13-4v per I,. sterling; st%ndaid gold, at the Eng0 Iia Mint price, is thereforerathermore than. -l'Iths per cent. deaer in London than in 9mburg. The oourse of exchange at Hew York- on London for bills at 60 days' sight is 110 per cent., zrhie, as compared with the Mint par between the two countries, shows that the exchange is dightly in favour of England; and, after making allowance for charges of- trasuort. and differmc of interest, t'he present rate leaves a triling profit on the importation of gold from the dnited States.. The English funds remain inactive, with an oca.ioial tendency to lower prices. Consols for money openied at'the closing.quotations of yesterday-viz., 95 to i, to which tfley retuirned after having ten-- poiariy receded to 95,. Fer the 7th of August the-lasi transactions were at 95o to J. Consol Scrin left off at 4k ta i premium; Brink Stbek, 216. to 2171; Reddced, 5to- 96; NewThreeper Cecits.,i %ItoJ; Annuities, 30 years, 183; India Stock, 232to 235; India-bonds 20s. to 24s. premium; Exchequer-bonds, I0 to J; and Exchequer-bills, 19s. to 22s. premium. Foreign secuities exhibie little fluotnation, bat prices were not altogether well supported. Increased sales of- Spanish caused a further decline; and b:rgains took place in the Three per Cents. at 44, 45, and 4S . The' NRew Deferred were negotiated at 23k axnt -. The operations in Turldsh Six per Cents. were at 103k, i, and J for money, and -.03i for the account. -he Four per Cents. guaranteed were purchased atO161 and 105Q; Mexican, 22i and 23 for money, and 23k and 23 for the ao-' count; Russian Five per Cents., l12. for money, ' and Ui Thr-'he account; and DutcEs Two-and-aB:af per Cents-, 65k. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rates for Amsterdamasnd Psris were rather higher. Hamburg was a shade lowfer. In other respects there was no alteration of importance. The linl quotations of the FRrench Three per Cents. on the Paiia Bourso this evening were 70f. 95c. for mnoney and 71f. S0c. for the end of ,tho month, showing a further decline of an eighth. 3Ioat of the other continental boursez likewise exlibit heaviness. An extraordinary attempt, which is pronounced by the directors of the company to be totally destitute of foundation, was made this afternoon to produce a fall in the shares of the Riga Railway. For the monlent it was perfectly successful and if it should prove to have been resorted toj as is alleged, solely for speculative purposes in comnesion with the settlement of the ac- count, it wi be the duty of the committee of the' Steele-Exchange toinstitute an investigation, snd to t*ke such measures as may bce practicable against the p arties concerned. The price of the shares at the comomencement of business this morning was about 4 pren,ium from which on so2e sales, coupled with positive statements. that certain Greekhouses had received telegraphic despatches to the effect that no convention has' ever been oxecuted -with the comnpany by the authorities in Rusia, and that their representations have been incorrect regarding the guarantee accorded them, a fall rapidly Occurred to 3 premaium. Later in the day -the report began to be discredited, and there waa a consequent recovery of about X per cent., -the final tramsactions being at 3k to { premium. irnmediately on discovering .the mischief whic3h was apparently being created te directors took every pains to counteract it, by exhibiting to inquirers all the formal documents by which the concession is 5ecured, as well as by giving an assurance that nithouggh they are in constant communication with :Riga, not a word has reached them, either by telegraph or otherwise, to raise a question eitlier on the .comnpleteness or -validity of the rights they have obtained. The documents thus produced comprise certiiied copies of the rescript of the Minister Of Public Wo0rksR, notifying the cmperial decree of the l8ti of May, 1853, under wFhich the Rigs Exchange -Conmmittee were empowverd to form a company for -the onsutructionl of the line on te conditions already * tated, and of the convention of the comlmittee with the present company, sealed by the civil governor of the provinc2 on behalf of the Imperial conmmission -esftablished in relation to the undertaking. It is stated, moreover, that the merchants of Riga are numerously subscribing for shares. Under these circstances, if there should turn out to be any-thing wrong, it would be enouoh to shake faith in al dealings of the ind. It will also be especially damaging to the Russianl Governmnent, since they cannot evade the factthatthe terms said to have been granted have been widely published for three .months past without anywarning or qualification on their part, during which period investments have been largely made in the shares by persons in Rolland and England who place habitual reliance on the financial honour of that country. A special meeting of the N?Tational Discount Company took place to-day, Mr. F. W. Russell, 3I.P., mn the chair, to consider the propriety of increasing the capital from 1,000,0004. to 2,000,0001. It was stated that since the comnmencement of business the connexions of the establishment have so increased that it has been considered prudent to adopt measu-es for permanently augmenting its power and stability. An issue of new shares has been regarded as the preferable mode of raising the money required, which will leave an ample margin for fahtre calls. 7Jpon a capital of 2,000,0001. 400,0001. will have been raised when the arrangements for an increaseshallhavebeen completed, 1,600,0001. beingthe amount remaining to be called up if necessary. The proposal of the directors to issue the new shares at a prerium of 10s., with the view of forming the nudleus of a reserve fund, was not generally approved by the proprietors,- and it was ultimately agreed that a pro -rata distribution should be made to them at par. If after this any remain, the question of premiumistobe left to the discretion of the board. One or two shareholders thought that it would be more desirable to iak-e calls on the original capital of 1,000,0001., instead of increasing the nominal amount ; but it was explained that the present mode will augment the number of shareholders, and thus extend the business connexions of the company. In answer to questions it was stated that the managers appointed are Mr. Webher, from-the London Joint-Stock Bank, and 3-fr. Shipman, from MIessrs. Overend, Gurney, and Co., and that transtions have daily increased since tho opening of the establishment. It was also menioned that the number of shares issued in the -first instance was 39,252, a reserve of 748 being mnade for especial purposes. The foUowing resolution was then p3azed unanimously, the directors having maodified it in accordazte with the opinion expressed by the groat majority. s lTat the capital ot '.he companyshall be inereaed from 31ta present amonat ol. 1,00W,0001. in 40,000 shares of 251. each to 2,KOuOu,Oflu., by the isso of 40,000 new shares of 251. * eah. 'Eat the newr shares shall in the first instance, and9 -within 14 days after the confirmation of these resolutions by & general xneeting of the company, be offered by the directors at par to the shareholders, in proportion to the number of their respective shares. That the directors may fix such time a3 they may think reasonabIe for the accept- I ance of the shares so offered, with power to extend the time if, when, and as they may think reasonable, ic order to meet tho case f shareholders abroad, or otheor pecial case3. That should any of the new shares not he accepted b the shareholders to whom they are offerthey hey shall be dsposed of to other persons whes an as the direco?rs appoint. Mat the amount received by way of preicn if any, on ste new shaeshall be carried to the crdi o -e teseved fund. Thath6 deposit on every newshare to be paid at &h time of its allotment shzall be 1L, and tht 41. OlT b.be lledp and made paaYble on theIst day of Januay, 1857." At a. meeting of the St. RatharineDock Commnsy, held to-day, Mr. J. W. Cater presiding, the naivdend declared was 2k per cent. for the half-year ending June, and the report, of which the following i3 an abstract, was unanimoiLsly adopted:- '-'The' result of the business of- the past half-ye;r, as *sboivn by the xccoznte, is :-Groar earniags, Z5%&0 .; expmdditure, includin; interest, 09,1161. ; leaving net eaxrings, 58,93=., from whicn two sum of 2,500 each have been -written off fom the accontsa of the cost of the hydraulic machinery and of the additional floor at the Cntler-street. virehouse. -he. remaining 53,9341. added to the balaxce Ireovht forward on the 1st of January lat, after providing for the dividend of the preceding year, gives a -resent available balance of 142,7441. The directors are or opinion that tthe time has now arrived when they can safelv recommend an increased dividend, wvith thte prospect of &eing able to ;in'aia such an augmented rate, and they therefore re-- commend, that a dividend be now declared for the half-- s-ear ended the 30th of June lIst at the rate of 2t pier cant, upon the capital stock of the company, ieh dividend to be paid free of iaconie-tax. The -south-west, wing of- .F warehou. w nuarloa.< pleted; ana it 2s fully anticipated that it will be in a fit state for occupation in -the course of the current month. The single stosy bhit ldig, - upe n the etportjetty, sanitrly tho baggage warehouse, but latel. uxed for the derileat of wool, has ber foand tot equire e-tensive rep irqha r ang otienalry been consvt sted of wrood. The great ntaee Twhlch his tbee dens'ed frons the additio resoseZOOiA hrovided during the t four years bae connced the d-e sectvrs tba$ it w¢ill he eipedient to rebuild the aaid-'are-house on an extended scale. and of firep-oof Ynateriil at a -cost- estiumated. at ahou,t 13,QOOf.; atd they see-^smend that tendershe inv-ited and contrnc't- entne4inito for' te-ebuilding of the sanie at. the first favourbe opportunity. The frciities to business which have been derived from-the hydraulic machiney talso induce the directors to prOjt-e ent extension of the same, but they do not anticipate that the £uzther ontlayzeq3ired for that purpese will exoeed 5.0001. - " The foilowvingis a cousparativestatennentof the quanltities of goods landed and in warehouse in these docke, and-of the shIpping and tonnagethat have entered the sam-e, during the six umonths en,ded thte 30th of June, in the yenar 1834, 1855, and 1836i resp0ectively- "FPORT OF LO.YMOI GENxZx RETURF, . "N Number of Ships, and their aggregate register Tonnage, that entered the rort of London with Cargoes kfrom foreig Ports, diztiuguisLng the Bnt;M . from thq fnreiAn - At the Court of Bankrtuptcy to-day in the,case of Mr. MIark Boyd~ notice of appeal was given against the judgment of Mfr. Commissioner Fane, who awarded the bankrupt a first-class certific3t3. The accounts from the Danlubian Principalities state the weather to be bighly favourable for thQ crops, aid that there is the promuse of an abundant harvest. A letter has been received from the H3on. William Napier, wfho has just re.turned from Canaidaes,~ pressing a hope-that the shareholders of the Gran4 Trunk lalilway wvilI refrain fromn coming to an~y con: elusionis as to the nature of the late nlegotiation wit1i the COnadian Government until tbey shall havq been iuade acquainted with his official repast iipoi it. The letter on the subject, signed "A Share' holder," inserted on. the 5th of Jiy, contains, he says, much that is at variance with the actul faetst and is likely to create mistaken impressions.
THE COBS TAADE IORE'LY M?TUR1. (From FIdavR. flIA) An Account showing the Quantities of Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flouir imported ijute the 'United Kiingdom, and ad. mnitted to Home Consumption, in the Month of Jiune, 1 R:M W. MLCLEA N Secretary. Custom-house, London, July 12. IrM PaOOL, Jm 15. The arrivals Enee Tuesday from Lrelwd and coeatwise we very I et. but from abroad liberal euties blawr corntIdor,ra. oueistding GZ E3 quarte of wbeat, S 5,462 quarters of peas, 4,269 quarter of beans. 23,1$0 qsuerters of Iudian corn, 3,t'2 sam a and 111,66 barrels of flour. The exports are lar-e. and comprise 5.498 quarte of wheat. 7.123quartert othedian corne 2a1h0 sackl anda 1.733b.rels of deour. With the exceptionof come hetmt parts of thdacY aon S*atuy mast the vweather ltaabee3 inhe, buat cold. This moarning 'is gIoOns. Thr hss beea an 3ctive dem.and from consaunern for both wvheat aDd dour d cinug the week, eand,n adv ane of fullg upo prnbubhel oa 6dd per todc mnd barrel rnust bo quoted. Indisa cora rnet aB olew-trio,- at a redaction of fuly zd. ber Fiuarter; yofterday, however, theadem nd umproved, told the decline was folly recoveren. Io otber arilano3 cbange is obaerv,able.a.sD At to-ay's market there wa3 the u3alattendance of lowna dealere ar.d ma;ny buyers from distant plarts of the country. WUhea e gcod con3umptiu-e demand, at aa advance upon the piriee3 of Tuesdayv last of folly d. per busheL Plourof prime quality was readil aatesole ntabont 3d. perbarrel over the rates obtainable on this day weet. but inferiorparcelswero difflicut to more and not dearer-. spanish may be quoted from 6a. to 61. -Ot& and coatmeal met a reteal de. mend, at late raten. Barley, from scarcity. beu eht rather s ore =oney; bit beans andpeas were dull of se and unchanged in valueo Inoon correesefi.the ecline zsumitQstodurengtho week: the demand to-day, however, woa chiefly upon white, which is scrce and wonted. We quotyetlov. and mixed 6s 3d. to 30s.. snd white from ts. d. to Ifs. per 413thb LEfl2DS, Jm7Y 15. We had muchrain duriegthe pastweek, but the weatbhe is now fine. Freslx wheat meats a steady salt at last Tuesday'spricas, and all eother deecriptiona of grain sBpport their vdue. TnB W.snnrr FiSmxRiEs.-The mackerel f&hery on the Devon and Cornish co,asts is nows drawing to a close. The season has not been, or the whole, ao successful as usual for this delicnte ian, altliough many eoats have made large captures. The fshennen of MlounVs Bay and St. Ives are now busily engaged in preparing for the pilchaxd fishery, 'which isjust about to coimn6nce. The pilchard is ofgrat. importance aaan srticle Gf eopoxtation, sltbongh nob inuch usedin home oonsumption, bung averyoily fish. Itis only found on the coast of Cornwll and par of Devonire. It generally appears in immonse shoals Vast quantities Are tuken by the £eineg ancd drit nets, affording employment to Thousands of persons on shore as well as those engaged afloat.
Tnesday Evening. The rsilwray-niaxket was steady to-day, the -arngement ef the a ycont pventing any aivity At the close, in some, etiere was atendency to _iprovement. In deJcriptions were fairly aupported, but FVrench and Belgi3n were rMher heavy. Australianlaud and banking shars presentednio mnarked alteaton, and Mfii securities w were generally negeted. Ottom -Bank left offl3Y to 5 ipm.; lBaofEgypt,2 to 1}pm.; Nationas- count Company, to I pm. i Pernaxbuco, 1ito I pm.; o1nbardo- enetian, 51. to 6 pM. ; Bank of Switzerland.l - discount to,' par 'Ceylon, 1l to 0pm.; Biengalj to~ 2discount;' Euplu'ates, zgto> tdiscrnin; New Brninaick, i to- 1pm.; MIetropolitan guaranteed, * pm.; Calcutta, to pm.; and Western B3ank of onTdon, 1 to 2 pm
APP.KAL& HOU18E OF LOR1V JuLy 1x. - CI-UG.V. WOSWZLL.-3oasVzU V. cuIa. ,Kee. were cross a~paeis mroa tbff4tciaie of the rirait Divison. of the CoDurt of Seimion in coatland, and airoea out of an action o6f miltiplepoinding and'exoneivoa, which was inst-uted in March, t13, xt thei instaceof"tetrusetee then acting under the trust, diaposition,And deed of "ttU.- iienPt executed by M1r. Wiliam Cuming beaker,in Edinxburgh,who died in Mircb,.1790. The appellant wasthe Hon. Mrs. Jane Leslie Coinig, one of the randdaughters of the- truster William Ouning, being the eldest daughter of his only son Thomas Cwaning. Trho epondent, Mrs. Boswell, claimed in Tight of Lady Boswell, another granddaughter ofthetruster, beingayoungerdaugter of Taomnai. The, queetions between the parties regardedthe conatrution 'to be put upon -the deed of settement mwadeb Mr. tWilrlativecomn 5"dated the 19th of MArch, 1788 and two rlativ codcita, dated respectively the 22,d of Xarch, 1788, and23d of Febr r, 179D. Bv that trust, disposition, anda deed of settlemesnt, Mr. Cumilug conveyed to trustees his whole estates and effects htriatsble and inovaible for the uses and pftrpooes followin :Srst, to alshig debla; then to pay 1,0001-to each fUthe children of his decoeseiodsai other thpan the lheir kisle of his bd;and, lasty, to lay out-and' em*y the-reddu of hiz et7e anxdeffectsfor the u,se and beisoof of his grandson, George Cuming, and -the heirs of -his hody, in mach way and manner as might seem mostexpedient to them till he or they might arrive at 3najority, when they were directed to denude thereof in his or their favour; 'with smch conditions that they should noDt dispose of the same, nor alter the successon thereof either ratuitously or onerouy asto the said trustees might seem proper; failing Georgve&Cumng or his issue before majority, it was provided that the'-residue should pertain, under the same -conditions, toainy other heir niale of Thomas's hody, if such should exist, by his widow bearn& - uin child- andthatalso, at Ihis or thel h body. attainting - to majority' and failing him without -issue, then <the residue' was to pertain to the daLughters of Thomas, egually among thorn, tho issue of a predeoeaer iaing their mothters share. By a codicill the truster declae that.fai.ing-heirs male of his son Thomas's body, and the succession opening to the heirs female of Iis body,'then, lulawe f the ridue, of his estates ade~'csprann to the da0ughteso]f his son, equaly among ethem,U, thersam s'hould solely Pertain to the eldest herfm al f h si Thomas umnaing. -and- their issue, the eldest heirr female throdigh- the whole course of succession succeeding always without division. By, another codicil t'he truster declaredl hat iailing his grandson, Geor-ge Cu-ming. and the eheis of his1oy, his' trusltes ihould pay each of his granddaughters (except the eldest a-t the timze) who shoDld survive himi, and the heirs of their'bodies, 4,O-00-i. st-erling, overjand'a.bove the 1,000?. whichLne hadl appointed for thema by hiis origia settlemenit. A&t-Mr. VWilliam Cumaing's death, in 1790, he was survived by- his gradson, George Cowning, and five granddaugisters, the sisters of George; George Cuming survived mnajority and died unmarried and iutestatein April, 1811. DuringhislifetimethetrnsteesaLpplied a portion of the annusl proceeds of the residue to hiis maxin'tenance, but they never came to any accounting. -wita him. or deinuded in his favour,-as-directe' b~thetrustduee.- In I1830 the trustees rnisrd the vresent action for the purpose of having.the tr4stwomnd isp and obtaining adischarge. In that autiona record -was maade up boetween the appellant'and the respondent as competioig claimants, there Ibeing three questions between them,-first, -whether any effectual substitution at all 'Was created by the deeds executed by Williad Cofming, so as to have entitled the appellant-to be preferred as eldest heir femnale of Thomas C%nain% to' the fee of thne trust estate, or -whether the raid esat a udb qalydvd between the five sisters and their heirr,.as the heirs of their brother, George Cuming. The second question 'was with re-spect to the application of the anniaal sarp!us of the proceeds of the estate from the deathi'of the -t1astator up 'to the time of George Cuming attaining his maiority; it being contendedl by the appellant thtat it oughit to have been invested by the trastese, and thus have been added to the capital; the resp)ondent's contention being,thatit beloniedtodeorgoonhis attaining hismajority, and should,therefore, bedividedequally amon,,shis sistersas hisheirs. The third qulestion regardedtbeo application of the in avor' f Ms.Leiie umlg, ndthe two others in farur f te rspoden. Tat eciionwas now appealed Thie arguments were .heard st the bar of the House on the 10th of June last, -when time was taken. for consiaera'. tion). The LosuD CEa&scELLrto, in delivering judgmuent, now saidl that, in hfis opinion, thie dlecison of t'he Court of Sessoion must be. affirmed,, and both the appeals must be dismissed. Appeials dismissed accordingly. I . oyss V. Mno SnoP.otioGs AliD OTMSIn. Si- F;Thsigr,Mr. Riolt. and Mir. Cairns appeared for Ithe sppellafit; the Solicitor-Generni, Mx. Wluiteside, and Mr. .-mythe for the respondents. This was, int substance, an appeal from a decision of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, ref using a new trial of an issue devisarit v&d vion, directed by the Court, upon which a verdict was- founid that a certain paper writing, dated the 0th of Auagust, 18429, -was not the list will and testament of QOsuar Colclouglh, deceased, of Tintern-abbey, in-the county of 'Wexford; so far r as it related to his 'Wexford estates, which had been inL his family for many years, and produced an income of8,-000!. per annum. Mr.-tolclough diedonathe 23d of August, 18492, it -Chelcenham, le-avink the appellant, Jane Stratford :Boyse,t then Jane Stratford- Colelough, hsis widow. - _Shortlk after his death. that lay married thie 'appellant Thomas' Boyse, her second husband, 'who died 'since the -comnmencemnent of -this suit. l&ls. 'Boyse, after _Mr.. Cuhdciugh's death, 'claimecl to be his sole clevisee and legatee uinder the alleged will of the 6th of August, 1812,"-and as- such entered into possession -of the WaVxford estates; and also took posseso of his pesoalpro. 'amounting to70.0001. The disputed l 'was inth Mollowsng teroas:-c&The list will and t-estamenit of me, Ciesa Colcough of Tnter-abbe esinthe ountyd of mefpordnd ofst Boter-bwyofs Chertenham, Es.to give andiie dfectisaland 'sie lar m recieal, Iand th era-estaie toamy derartfeoJneSratfordoug eCoahltofth,s my heirs, herxb euors, adinistvra toers and ya asin,to and timr heretoore thdeiro" T-bsowlnts iand siged ythet.tut astor any estatnested in mue fponm trs, ]S orcbouway ofe mitortgage,avingtt -the iseq,ties spins ther samce maresectively,e reappoidnt, the saidmane 'Srtord oeou,beigh -etentrit±ofrths myuwill, hereb relamiitg bev"hr oheireswitllby meaOny thme 7hereoforeptaembe this willenas siged bytheiblln tehatr andr winssd Chncr in frm.X Tr.tCoic loeghded thout lheappengantaydsu, thmeriaespondtent then Mnaryi wt Grey CetortlCclough,fomdan sptinser,a sintnceuarridyt -tersvresodeint, Johnemti Thoas It6epabroute bndeitngo tre tealtougs crousn and clambengo tbehis hami re,ss-ct-la.sh Ond rathre nth oflySepteme thfluesinceitfldthr b illopet ciiund the coutrtof Chanery in. Ivreland.'estat-e billar. I as alleged that the appellnha,iie- rdiaer athereb tfa-her tnrhae witheme. Cohicogh,se formed,an -adthat shie had cotinuall perseueed hin,t a ssttematicpprehn- sionfanclepebut ncpe.te clommandort an conro overb Mr. Coldlough son ase t oepif Augmst altoethereof fre agenchi over his estaitys of 4ffairs. 'It also alleged that the appal. lint, hadinducedtha Mr.' noteog to goet Chvourahlm in orderpthredby thofurlherthe schem whic shershld,forsmed ondthat peshei had there reuedhmlt, gav nstrateiofnsPprehe soloniand deenene Ita alsposet fndrthatathwillemade by Mr. tLolog onth th of August, 18-42, w hepeardacreby, he 1s a this wife anpiannutyd of 4,00. Coltoghthenallge -that -0theappal. Augant-wndinge-that will cneunotetofb som fvuncrtabley tn het wshes as shte deie,cueantrpprtob othe'peson Mn he behalf ave inugstructins that -the sle ici torelfor that purpose,randthat sothe-alege 'willrof eieydia ota fthe 0th of Augustt184,tasarearetcori the anridta sfhe repiseintedf-thealgdW Mr. Coldlough ta h ilh wth nof Augustbwat brep-ashrebyn conisequenc of oeuncethin ty in tae tere%nsonfiig the willmo of 'thhefAuut and o thath she ledgustia tobellvtheat in egedthotherepc he will of -here.ho c-uisely siiar voihatbeao of ththeofugut;l thcatpacty the perio softhnesexecutiond-of th aljr-lege ilM.Clough -wase nete nth 'wieeelanhisbreal and pronal teudestate, but conideredthae wasnerl contrl ixrmig ted tvenMr 06ofthe willof tel 5tho ugt.The bill_-D hi thle alleged thatdte 'iflleof -then -stho And usd warcvoid b raso 'ofuth metin capaciwotyandet jun DIli,rk sonnssohisndof tMr.-tolclugid wh-ent hreexecute the v ae,y andhyresion ofte- thesmr- undewand improped 'aifue nc Thfenechl by is shfetoe alleed undhuse tnf-her, thnd -she thereupon required her mnother-in-law to pay 1504. per annum for the-saine`%whichf Lady Colclougli having refused to pay, always'considering the said house liad been intended -foi her-constant resfidence by hier son, frea of resi4 theo said '-Jaine Stratf'ord Colcloogh. insisted upon her leaving -the same, which, at. the advanced age of 94 years, she was 'obliged to do, having been literally turned out of the house 'by her dag*ri-a,'ho t'hereupon disposed of it and app lied-tlheurchasenmoneyto' her own purposes. That she 'ba succeededifibreaking off- all intrerourse between her buibsaiad and hisZconfid6ntial sollcitor, between 'whom UsP t6 that time there, had eiiitCs -the most uinterrupted couifi. deuce and-friendship, and that she had ualnso put an end to, a'll intimac-ibetweesn her hulsband and all his oldest and mos; conifidential friends. whose advice and counselmnight haviu materially tlhwarted her designs. The cause of "Xos-4 ;boronahv. Boyse"'was~herdon thel13th and 31st of JTnnary, -1852,-wl'i'6i an issue dezisassif vel stun -was directedL as -;n the tllegtd will,- dated the 6th of August, 1I-1, wherein thi 'dpelants. were tob plaintifis and the respondents defedants Theissue 'wa tried accordiney at the summek 'asiaeof85'~,before 31r. Baron Fenns atber and a special ass3, wen, afte tra f eea da t, -edcwasun againAthe alleged will 'The case of the appellant on the -tArial' ,' cthat 'differenhe' hid arisen, long before Mr. Colclough'married, between him and his relation-s several of wham'had, during 'th'elife of his father, obtained Peases of-parts of the Wexford estates at i great undervAlue, 'which he was obliged, 6ss"sobceeding to the estates, to set aside by, legal proceedings, and in consequence of that and -other 'gromnds of complaint he became m=ucll diwatisfied w:th hia's'elatiom sXnd regarded'tbem with little or no personal atchment, to ehow 'which she put in a forer idll, 'dated 'July; ' 1324, wheein he left his propert;y- as- f6llowa :-"yirst- to paLy my funeral tapense.B_hich-l'will ahal not exceed 2O.;nexit top.y all my just debts;- anld then to pay mny.mother, Catherine Col' clough,- and my wife -Jane,-their jointore5 respectively;' anda 4terwra'rd, on the followring 1st of Islay or thels dof 1oeml-ber- (as may be), to pay durang herlife out of the issuez and profit 3of ifny eatites' (provided. -lsae does not marry) Ut my: said: fife'Jane'th'e yMrly annuity- oF 1,5004 sterling; 'ad - - aloo to pJy to _ankaid mothe; in the like m.anner (provided she never re&evei'intoj her- house )a .nn libtol;, her nieoe,"ro nabaioeely nmost wicked means to make uh ehief 'ia mnyfa;mily)ohe annuity 6f 1,500?. du2ing bes'life; I-Ydli and.ibequeath to -the 11e. Dudley Colciough 1&. I iDll nd'beisath to hs'on, OnarColcioughi, duning his. llIft'1~: eransm I -will and bequeathito his brothier, A.&moad, dunag his life, SO. per annum." A number of niotne IF Bwrnti Zb*hdaa'dl-rre-edy o f:n i yiugy .1 _r d W pidie to the 'W dts te, 24ch of asay,P83 d llt a i to oewo thosbedioo,bfs~ ~~hew al r nigkt 1be bd * the,, waten Ugt agron tt the d ecdiio o asftl a r, rweinbt of a ,ne mmcr , and .pin -the sqase etofabec1f£ atrl Itneinon b lf lil Afl*''ta WWe Iiba an support of and ij op ionz toihtmotion, ad the argmets atd aeerlday.-.,OoP t wl S of l, -1S3, of the ICaeor ge ord:er meotioL with coatg t O c te il9 c of April,t 1 t53 a wras mde, declaring the alletel wrill to be null and vo:-i, riect to the Wefodaetatu ad ordering se injunetion p s o e to D brt f i h ao the plintiff f -ea . dents intoe f oestae..' The ueeat ppeial wa taen brought toaist the dcioo n of the Loa Chsatdf- lor, refurnnga newr trial, and againstie decere of tbe}9& of April, 1S53. - ; It was urged in suppo*t of the a~eI that. the et i dirtng th^e nane as not in confority irith tbe piiiic. pleofa courto£eity, inasmuch a tbeIhltntiff wte ruitwrmnlyedo suck rlie aeLd d 2!Cc4-Uy legal impediment to an action of ejeetanent; ^tha.if:,tk order diecting he iu had to be eoet, the a that Zew tria, under the cireunstrancog of the cme, i e hab e appellant to adduoe zew evidence, ought to have,bei, rated; and that the appellant was not bound biv her aeatto thie isue, that asont .havig been ipen dunag a eevertore, rwich had xuce cemed. s regrded the dcre- e.:jhe 19th-of April, 1853, it wa &-ded to be eroseous,.oa Sthe ground that it was beyond the Jurisdiction and oontrar-to the settled rule of a ocurt of equity to declare the-iva lidity of a will, and aso bocauae the sad decree gave selief 'which sUpagoded the former wills of Mr. Colxlbk- n_ro of wvich ladibeen adjudicated invalid. - .: It was corttendedby the counsd for the xesponadeitthat it wam . the. discretion ofa oort of equitiy todir6ct ia iue e 6 rvit'ed at to try the vilidity of the alleged will, and thxt the appellant liaving aseea .t the isque beiugti;ed, and having had e tbe of tia she could not nrow, aotwithbtanding her oovertote hadcased, raise any objectiou to it; that there being DO complaint as to the admission or ejectiork of evidence at the trial, and no ob. jection ha.ing beenria6de to thejudge's chage to thej'sy, the court of equity bad no power to gant a new trialv ,ts provihce beiDg sodply to see that te trial had been poperly conducted, audit tshDg beondiaiirdieion to v e evidence for the purpose of deciding wheter the jury, had found righy upon the fact; that it waF not open tothe appellant to apply for a new trial or the ground thatiho had not adduced evidence uphih iL v s a in her power and could have produced at the tl; that it wound be iost tiurios to the resondent e to have acnee trial goentd, several of their witness having died, others having gone to America, and the adavits of tree of then going to sh6vf tfhat attemapts had been ade in order toinduce thenio grve-different evidence upon a second trial It was then submitted that, evenif alltheepointwrefoundaain the respondents, yet thea-nduo inflAence exercised over thu testator hy his wife was clearly made out by the evidenbee adduced at tetrial ad, therefore, no new trial cold be granted. heargtents in this ci ;e having lasted over 10 deys iiih bsmorning,.-; The LOiCsras - O Ro sbai, that the very importat questions involved in this as, and the great number of autbniitiee wrhich had been cited by the learned counsel on either side, prevented his being prepared to give his apieicn a~pon the case at present, and therefore the further-'consideration of the csase wrould be adjourned. Eurther consideration asdjourned sine die. c - BON5Z V. COLLOU(iL This s a rnppleu,ental app, between the srme parties, against a subsequent order oE the Lord Chancellor of-Ireland, directing the appellant to pay over the sum of- 211., the net sum which a ypellant had received out of -the estaes since she had been in p°osssson It was contended on tho part of the appellant, that tio erder had been made toiersef and her husband, who lad since died, and that ghe had received the amounts in questior during the lifetime of her husband, nd that it2s, therefore, his debt, for which sbe ould not be inpde liable. The further consideration of this sppealIs s o p6st poned. I DOnfZ V. Trn mA.YoI, &C., Or =EP.AWicn-tPoz-TWREp- .EixNTONV V. SA -OSWA.LDY. fiUWM. - These were three -writs of error brought to reverse a judgment of the Court of Qaeoe's Benceland an srirmanca thereof by the Court of Exchequer Chamber, by which- certain pleas placed upon the record by the defendants below were held bad in law. The facts of th case ppeared i 'he 2imes of the 28th of.Jnne last, when the learned jud3es delivered their unanimous opinion upon the question of l*w put to them by tha House. Tb eI, oD CmaAN.CErori now, in delivering judgment, sad that this was a writ of error from a judguent of tbe Court of Exc2hequer Chamber, and arose out of an action Wvhichsas brought against the plaintiffs in error by the corporation-of Berwick-upon-Tweed upon a bond by which the defendants became sureties for one David Muray upon the appointment of the latter to the office of treasurer of the corporation in November, 1842. He continued in that office from that time down to8M44 oDr l5, anE the question was, whether the bond in dispute was -such a bond as continued to be obligatory upon the defendants after the election of David Murray to the office of treasurer in 1843. The question turned mainly upon the construection to be put upon the Iond, with respect to two acts of Paliaament relatDn-:to municipal corporaticns-the5thand 6th of Wlliam , chap. h, sec. p8, in which it is enacted that treasurers of corporations shonidh'oe elected annually; and the Ath and7th of Victoria, chap. 89, sec. 6, which enacts that the treasurers should be elected during the pleasure of the counril for the tme beig. Under the latter act DavidMurray-was elected in 1843, and held the offdce of treanarer urinug the pleasure of the council. He subsequently becauie a defaulter, and these actions were brought against the defendants as his sureties; and the question arose wxetker the surety was conlined to the annual treaaurersl.in existence at the time the bond was given in 184I, or whether it contlnued in force during the whole tirae David Murray continued to held the office of treasurer under the second election, underathe th- and 7th of Victoria? Now, the words of the bonds wre-`)During the whole time of-my continuing in the said office, in consequence of the .said election or unde any anniual or other future election of the said council to the said offioe." It had been h,ldin the Courtof Qaeens-Bench-in which the action had been orilginally brdught-that the defendants in the court belor were liable nnder the bond, and the matter had then been tiaken into the Court of Exchequer Chamber by a writ of error, which Court, by alarge majority, decided that the decision of the Court of Queeus Bench was correct. That opinion, however, was differed from by Mr. Justice Maule, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron, and the present writ of error haa been broueiht ffir Ithe purpose of reversing the decision of the Court of l xcbe- quer Chamber The cause had been aigned before their lordships, assisted by the learned judges, and, upon a qtee lion being puttothelatter, theybad ventheir unanimous opinion in favour of the judgment of the Court of Queen's Bench. Even without that opinion of thelearned judges, he (theLord Chancellor) shodldavehad no diffculty in coming to the same conclusion, for the wordsinth bod ap to him to be quite convincingthatthe parties didnotintend to limit their suretyship to the annual eection only, hut that they intended it to apply to "that or any other election." That opinion bad been held by the Cout of Queens Bench, the Court of Exchequer Chamber, and by the leatued ijdges; and, therefore, inhis opinion, the judgment of the House mnst be for the defendants in error, with coa Judgment affirmed, with costs, accordingy
JTUVICIAZ UOimAfY2TEE OF .P.RVY COUKCTh, I r~~~~~zuday, .ru1l 15. I H TUIM S AND OTHERS V. .IOSXJG A51D OTTlXMS. I (Beforc Afr. PEMMBTON iZIGH, Sir EDWARD XYAW, iE~fo. sir ~ taTIs- Ba ,d. .Rir Wi T~. MA1ThE. Mr. rlEBERTON =GH delivrerod judgmenit m tI case, the facts of which vere reported in 2Thc Dirnes of yesterday. Their lordships, he said, looldug at the terms of the third codicil, were clearly of opinion that the intention of the testttor was simply to sater former beqyests. Tle decision of "he Couttbelow, *4 he did not intend to devise the 1,400 acres of land, was correct. The judgment therefore mnust be affimed, and as there wa no ground for the appeal it nust he dimissed with costs.
DZST1TUTIONA-ND THEFT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIES. Sir-WILU you be good'enongh to allow me a sbort spa in your jornal to notice the case of the lad Brown, who appearod at the Marlborough-street Police-court yesterday, to ask tho sitting nagistrate for theBe hip rich had- been -promised him by his (the :magistno'TpIredecesor,v and ;Which, as yoT will remember, was reinsed owing to tEist gentleman beingoit of town? The substance of the casVeis this -The lad is hoor; lie has neitherfrienri food. nor money; hunger et. iun; begging has proveduseless, ha mpst now die or st-il; he prefers the rltLte. Life to hbi, is sweet even in his forlorn. ondition; and I ask what the beet of us would do if we were placed in like circumstances? Tl'he answer is forthcoming from all quarters-precisely tho Fame. The-anfortunate ld is apprehended, convicted -o, steling that wrhich be ooultl not otherwise have obtained, and is forthwith punished. The worthy magistret,p howeer, fees for tho poor boy, and promuieu bn that on his. leaing rsns he wlM render hin such help as shall enable him to obtaein food -xaiu shdelr until he shall hace obtained employment. The lad in his ,cluiion thinks of his put o-nduct, is Eorry for hat he has done, and. determinem ot lesihng a iiferent life on his libcration. The sntence at length expires, a, on the strength of thpromis made him, he proceeds to the eonit, nothing douDIiDg but that it wil be performed, -ehjcli wi enablehim to cary out him itention of Iisin ant onest life for'the tiMb io oome. But, als3 foe the poor boI ! hbit friend is goIe, and h forgotten to leave Such niatructons behind sall tify to the truth of his staeiment. Je is obliged-to lsae the vmnrt, and he doe oo ia tea, for he i hungry anad red a before; he is win, howeyir,to wk,buIt n one cast he get in his ttters ; .-l, ,withoutcharacterj he must neoosearily return to his old habits, unwilli6noss botwithstanding. -The uIestionI w6sI a6k is,-Is the power of the mkis - irte of the present.day aolimitedthathe coold not hir. awarded SoD e help foi t-i diak'eing csEe, evest under th-ee infavouableo circumstances, and, by thoe meaus, have prevented. further crime ? or are wg to retmrn convict the day after-ieaving prison ? I maintain that it is a disrce -to a (thristiau people to alowr their brethren in tho flosh to go headlong to runs,- when some alight kindness on ±heirpart might restore them to thefir pevolia positiosi 'With: ner apologies for thus troubling you- - . | .& - . -iGGED SCHOOL TtACHBR r-KAdvi1rtiBemei&;:" 1 gir- rhiwick wiiVA ., ' OrESX l^OD_-SP a ~add*B -a 2etinoto tb e IdE of the Ofha Wir and Orphann Nrm*ntt lm& t be htJd at the HoTer-rqu4um RooDi ok lburxlav. the 17th teat.. at 3 v.m. -Tca .!,wbiwa" t hebd.' =&Us,- &t%lw6XtIm ;be iFtitutton. Z9, Ubuing-czoa%matotwcuaek,r at the 1anxovuAre 1tBOQ _. ,,:_
, ~'; I r4A SEPOLA. W -' OL-COURT.- TA.i.T.k- im. 1 , - - GILLEY V. BuRtY- twoe &- of th - ,zAnzMA:STEF of the Roi.:.s gave jidgment in thLs cane, in I c ti~ a the qnestionl aised, though siiuple enough, was of cL,did rable i.mprtance. appeared that upon the mar1 TItjgeOf-- a cIrgym&xx.n,aed Gilleyj i19 185, a bettlemens:1 was erecuted under,which he coven2ated with trestes . to 5 ir.iare.his life irrthe.Rock Life Insurve-,offlice for 2,-001, ar.ltokieep up theannual premius on hisiicy , From tIh& yew 1'25 lup u the period of -Mr. Gillys<death Va3rtak weae from time to time declared. upon- -thi5polchy, so that whein Mr. Gilley 1cied- it, was .Worth considermbly mre-than the 2,0 -r which,it was orig. y.t;ken ut.to seemre. Under- these circurastanqes. tbo. qcestion submitted to the Court was whether .the trustees o4 td marri;sge settlement were entitled to-the sume in exdi t-of-the 2 W00'.; or whether Mr.-Gilley' executors werea 'Jtitledto them.; Onthe one hand,-the execaotqrs con- tr aXe4 that Mfr- Gille covenanted to,. secure by insunie,ti. e.s8pecifii 5 en'of. '2,g, which he iiad don,ee - pr e tpit iitgsoon hi'gecacovenant was satisf,eA, aiid any' iuxther sum ainig oat of the transaction belonged to his; }3u--ve est- te - on the other hand, the.trolsteeof the' settle-' m. nt clairned the bonuses as wvell a s the principal dne upon - tae policy- on the ground that the policy itself and'all the ai,vsutagea accruing out of it were eettledto the uses of the. &tei-of 1825. AHis-HoxouR-adopted the vieor of the oase taken by the thsitees of the settlement,, andc made an order that the lebues which h-d accrued upon the policy must be. subject to-tho trusts of the deed of lS20, and that' the executors o' 31r..Gilley were not entitled to any interes'; therein, in their character es such-executom Mr. B. Palmer, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Lake Russell, and Mr. Esrrage appeared in the case.
MTCP-fITAVCIFT,TAITZ.I.q VnTTRIP -T-- 19 .- TOPLIS V. TOPLIS. (& forG -CluncdZor J. STUArS.1 ' 2r. Glasse ana Mr. Bagphawe appear for the eiecators and devisees in trust under the will of if r. Toplisg. by, way of appeal from the decision of the Chief Clerk, whobad thought that a summons obtained against thenm for the sdAinistration of the real and personsal estate of the testator'could be properly prosecuted. In the interval of the Adjourmnent a bill for the administrtion of the estate had been Oed, and was on -the paper of theMastcr of the Bolls fDr a decree. The testator had given a life intereEt ia part VI his real estate to his wife, giving, all, his property, real and personal, to the trustees and emecutors upon trast after his wife's decease, or in her ifetime, with her consent ta sell' and convert for the purpoEes of his will. They submitted that 4on the constrmetion of the 16tih and 1Gth Victoria, ckap. G, saec-47, it was not applicable to such a devise, but only .to cases where all the real estates and all the testator's estate therein are given to the trastees. The Vscs-CiAxcMlson thought that in the present' tasE he suit by hil' was to he preferred, and withott decidinx the precise question raised wolld make no order, except that the execueors should pay the costs of the sunmlnons to the present time, and ho Sowed the same in passing their accounts. Ifr. sins and Mr. J. HE1DF P .tz-Et, who supported tle m nmons, acquiesce: in the decision.
ADiIRALTY COURT. JULY 15. 1X5Ik LI..& .ART.-SALVAG:. (Before Dr. LuSnuHwmGTO.) This was an action brought by Lieutenant lafargue and the Coastguardmen at Littl tone and Romney against the bark Eiza Har{, to obtain salvage uneration for services rendered to her on the 26th of December last. The bark, bunmdfrom Algoa Bay to London, in a violent gale of wind cameoon shore on amnmey Boy, alleged to be a dangerous sand off Romney, and according to the statement of tho Ealvors fired bluelights, which they perceived, and, -after - third attempt, at great risk to their, lives, succeeded in hoarding her. They then gave directions as to lettin go the port bower anchor, so as to prevent the ship driving further on shore, andc by sabsequent manceuvres the bark was got off. The owners tendered 1201., which they contended was a sufficient compensation for the services they had received. The value of the property salved was 22,6004 - Dr. ROBImsO and Dr. JENgFR& were heard for the salroB * Dr. BAYFORD and Dr. DhA-sE for the owners. The leirned JUDGE was of opinion, looking at all the eirunmstances of the case, that the tender was totally inade'quate; he therefore overruled it, and decreed 500. :-. TiJE MARIA ANNA.-5ALVAG. _ -Thiswas a suit promoted bythesteamahipE.ricsson against the Dutch gallot Mara Anna, to procure salvage reward ,orEervices rendered to her on the 11th of February last wnd fo3lowing days. The steamer, while on her voyage from New York to Havre de-Grace, fell in with the galliot .tbout 82 miles froma the Scilty 'lands, totally disinat with a signal of distress flying, bound from London for gmyrna. The crew. at their own request, as stated by t4he sa1vors, were taken on board the steamer, and, from {he regort which they made as to the condition of the gslliot, men were sent from *,ne steamer to scuttle her as she was in the direct tracl'way of vessels entering and leaving the English Channel.1 They found, however, that she was not makdng water sa fast as they had been led to suppose, and that her hull "Ippeared sound. She was then taken in tovr, and safely coriucted to Soutbampton, where she arrived on the 14th of 1?ebrnary last, having bceen towed 200 mssiles. In performinig this service the steamer, as she said, had been tal-en out of her course at least 100 -miles, in consequence of which great lass and incon*yoenierce had been sustained. On the part of the owaers 'it was alleged that the reason why the crew went on board the steamer was she refused to take the alliot in tow, hut, having boarded her, preparations were immediately made forrendering the service. The other statements ofthe saivoss, it wasaverred, were greatly ex aggerated. The value of the property salved was 5,9S64 - D)r. BATFOPD and Dr. WADD1LOVZ vwere heard for the sahors; *Dr. ADArs and Dr. Twiss for the owners. arThe lrned JuDGE thought that the crew of the galliot, if they could not have obtained assistance, would have gone on board the steamer for the safety. of their lives, and would have been justified in so doing; that there was no -intention, in the first instance, of taking the galliot in tow, .-but, f6ndingthere was a possibility of saving her, the master of the steamer determined to undertake the task. The service was one of considerable difficulty, and he would award .. TE GENASMO.-CLAJI FOR CARGO. Thisvessel, under Wallachian colours, took on board at,Galatz n cargo of Indian corn, with which she sailed bound to Trieste, and was captured on the 19th of July, 1854, coming out of the Sulina month of the Danube by Her Idajesty's ship Vesuvius, for a breach -of blockade. 'There being no claimn given in for the ship she was condemned as pri2e, but a claim WaS gi7en inlby Mr. Cremidi, of London, for-th cargo as the property of Paa and Co., subjects of the Ionian slHands, The case now came before the Court on 'fauther proof. - TheQuO,t's ADVOC.ATE said the captors had been di-reoted to give in furrther proof not as to the place of cap. turx but as to the non examination of witnesses, and whether there had been any sale of the cargo by agreement Ithad been distinctly left open to the claimants to adduce further proof both as to their property ithe cargoand the sale which had taken place. The claimants had not piomplied with the directions, but had chosen to select twvo eargo papes, which they had brought in without their beingverified. The vessel was found at sea, laden, without a scas of cargo pa er on board, though she had some shin's ap:ers. It was laad down in PraseStorey, p. 26, that here no proof was adduced, or defective proof, or the parties refused to swear, it was to be deemed conclusive of a hostile interest. The ontus proboandi rested on the claimants, and they had not discharged it. There was a biU of lading produced showing that the cargo was consigned to Ambrosiodis RaEl; the delivery to the master was a delivery to -the consignee, and therefore he should have been the -claimant. The captors had clearly proved that the saWe at Constantinople took place by arrangement. He prayed the Court to condemn the cargo. -1 --Dr DNE?i briefly followed on the same side. --Dr. ADDAS proceeded to address the Court on behalf of the claimants, but, as the learned sdvocatebhad not concuded when the Cousrt rose, We reserve his argument until a t is comil-sted.
*. COUET of BANKRUPTCY, Bastng7aZ-sreet4 J7uy 15 I,,,,,I UT FIAI,,tK BOYD. (Bdfoi AfMe f' e V -I 1IL 0nr=pe was a aece-broker of New Batk-buildings. Me was recently granted a first-class certificate, The shareholders of the Royal Bank of Australia* as represented by. thecreditors' assignee, subsequently held a maeeting to take into consideration the judgment of the Court, when it was determined that the evidence should he laid before eminent counseL The opinion of counsel being tbat the learned commissionerhad taken an erroneousview both of the law-and the facts, andthat it vwas a proper case for appeal, Mfr. amisuS, for the creditors' assinee, now gave notice et appeal accordingly, which was alowed On depositl of 30b, as against costs. B; RE w. T. cuRtTis. The bankrupt was a merchant of Great St. Helen's. Mr.-AiLcocx tendered a proof for 2101. The bankrupt had entered into a contract under which he purchased, 10 tocs of tallow. The taUow had not- been delivered at the time of the banrruptcy. There had been a fall in value subsequent to the purchase, for which proof was now W.hAva_.COE said that in a very saiitar case, -that of Bonuted the timber merchant,-AIr. Commissioner-Gouln had held that the proof could not be allowed. The judgment of the learned commissioner was bolieved to be'in accordatce with the commonly prevailing notions'of the lavw. It was, howevcr, overruled on appeal tothe Lofdi Justices. The facts of the case were as stated by Mr. Alcoci, and he mnst leave the point of law to the judgsnent of the Courx; HIis Ho.sou allowed the proof. 'Before Mfr. 07.tsZnOVSar HOLBOYD.) 1N RE ELLIS. The bankrupt was the proprietor of the London Coffeehouse Hotel,. Ludgate-hilL Mr. MURRAY, for the assignees, objected to a charge of 5M. 4s., by Mr. George Robinson, broker of the court, for taking an inventory and making a valuation of .the furni-ture and other effectes The first intimation he received on the subject wasaclork from thaiffice of the official 4sgAuee *Dresetin" the hill, and asking whether it w-as to be al. oUved.!ffhere was no cause wcastever for the valtiation. UAder the old'system, and in the -ase of the same hotel, the charge was lOgrineas for that for which a charge .of 55a. 4s. was now made. Mr. Robinson said the valuation was according to the usual acale and 'percentage. The property was valuedat 4,875. The ct -of Farliament especially requirxedain Tentory to be taken. - The Coxmx&sito.Nszn said that unider the general rules and --oders from IOs 6d; to 20 guineas was allowed for an in4entory; but no further allowrance'was sanctioned orx per niTted vithdu't the speeial order-of theCCoutt. Mr. Roblnaso,-Yorw Honour has never made an order nce I have been employed by the Court. Doaotthe rules and orders overrule tha act of Pariatent , The COMLSSINE-R-I hive nothibg to do with that Dor have yov. They have been iz.de and duly-sanctioned. Mr. MusAY said the tine only showd the yalre of the: rules and orders In nine.cmei out of tea these valuttions were useless. Here tho busines,- of the hotel was being carried on by-the ass,ignee by order of the Cmurt. The assignee ad a numbor of serviats w4ere in poesion nd the housewas full of customers. The presence of abroker, under such circumstances, wv.prejudicial rather tban other wise. .. -: ,His HoNoUssaidhe mustactin pusance o the rules and orders, and no charge exceedibg. 20.guuneas could be allowed without a special order of theCourt. In this case no special order had been applied for or given. IN RE B. S RYDER. .Tne bankrupt was a paper-rtainer of Gough-strcet nortb, Gray's-inn-road. This was the certifcate meeting. M1r. Asm.eY, for the assigaees, called- the attentioas of the Court to a bill of sale. ' - I 1 Mr. COnILEY, for the banlaupt, said the circuinitances uhder which the billof sae had been given'were rot of the ordin,ary character. Tha bankrupt purchiased the business givinlg the bill of sale as secuAity. There wras nothing Mire a preferentisl bill of sale for p?aying ona creditor, and leaving little or nothing ffor the rest. The property given up by-the bankrupt had realized bOC. or 200t. more than. the sum at which it was valued. - the book-keeping' bad been good, and a seconddclas8 certificate would, he felt, meet the Justice of the case. His HOi;OUR said the creditors werek-ept in ignorance of the bill of sale. The gross profit had been onlv 2., while the trade extpenses werefl600L, and the pesonalpenses 2301. There had also been losses to the- amount of W "' There must be a suspension of certificate- (scond class) three months with protection. }I RE J. LEA The bankrupt was a tailor, of Dartforul. This ws a certiticate meeting. Mr. CnLEy, for thessignees,saithe case was one in which the bankrupt camc to the Court on his own petition, and the estate had not yet realized the1501. requied by * tatute under such circumstances. He asaked for an ad: journnent of the certificate accordingly. Adjournment ordered.
SUMMlER ASSIZES KrlVkTrrrnrrT BEDFORD. MoNDiAY. JULY 14. Th 7learned Judges of- assize operied the commission for. this county on Satwday. afternoon, and both the courts were opened this morning a' 10 o'clock. The entry on'the Civil Side consisted of two common. jury causes, one of wbich was undefended. The calendar contained the names 6f. 11 prisoners, and comprised 2 charges of manslaughter,. 1 of arson, 1 of stbbing, 2 of burglary, 1 of highway robbery, 1 of perjury, 1 of larceny, and 1 of administering drags to a woman with intent to procure abortion. eCOWN COURT.-(Before Mr. Justice COLBIDGE.1 Charles Hawkins, aged 27, was indicted for assaulting James IRadford on the Queen's highway, in company.wit1, two others, and stealing froia his person 42d., at Southill, in this county. - Mr. Pearse was counsel for the prosecution; Wfr. Birchain appeared for the defence. The prosecutor, who was the only witness in the'case, proved on his examination in chief that, having caUled in at the Black Horse on the evening of the 20th of April last, on his way home, and there rega5led himself with tihree penny. worth of rom, he left, having 41d. in his.pocket, but had scarcely got 20 yards from the public'nouse when he was set on by three men, knocked down, and robbed of his halfpence, the hand of the prisoner being that which took the money. As soon as the prisoner put his hand into the pocket the prosecutorexclaimed, " Iknow one of you," meaning the prisoner, and getup to go away, but the prisoner followed and knocked himdown again,say1ng "Yon kno nme,do you? There's that for you." On his cross-examination; however, the prosecutor gave an impe:fect account of :his money and potationsdung the evening in nuestion, and admitted that he had told the occupier of a cottage close to the scene of the robbery that he did net know Wny onie of the thieves, but he said that - that was untrue, and "he warn't obliged to speak the truth to every one." The jury at once Acquinee' the prisoner, under the direction of the learned Judge. SHOCKING CASE. Samuel Barratt, aged 65, Susannah Barratt, his wife aged 64, and Elizabeth Barratt, their daughter, aged 33, were indicted for the manslaughter of Helen Barratt, aged 18, on the 30'h of Mfarch last. Mr. Power conducted the prosecution; the - prisoners were not defended. It appeared that Samuel Brratt is a shepherd living at Aspley Guise, in a well-to-do cottage, neatly kept, well-furnished, and presenting no external signs of poverty. He bad a family of sin daughters and one boy, the lateer,a child, being employed in keeping crows, while two of the former were married. The eldest daughter was the prisoner Eli- zabeth, who lived at home, and of late would seem to have; given up work, contenting herself with managing thc house and attending to the younger family, in conjunction with her mother. On Sunday, the 30th of March, Helen Barrett died, and, suspicion having been excited that she had come to her death unfairly, an inquest was held upon her body, which presented ail the appearances of that of a cwhild cf 11 only, though the deceased was nearly IS. She was of diminutive stature, and when opened her bo wels were-found to be distended with air; and, as for L her stomach, it could hardly be discovered, so small was it, beingof the size of, that of a child of only five years of ago; and when opened itwas found to contain under an ounce weight of thin barley grueL The prisoniers were examined before the coroner, as was a younger sister of the deceased, Charlotte by name, who deposed that the chldren had all as much as they wanted, and were carefully attended by the prisoners. The jury, however, returned a verdict of manslaughter against the parents, and in support of that charge and of the indictment now preferred against them, in conjunction with their daughter, Charlotte and Julia Barratt, two little things respectively aged 16 and 14, though they looked-hardly half those ages, were examined. According to their aceount, they and the deceased had been compelled by their mother and sister Elizabeth for the last ]5 or 16 montag to work 14 hours a day at the lace pillow. During the whole of that time theywere scantily fed on barley or oatmeal gruel for breakfast and dinner, with a piece of scalded bread about as big as the palms of their own pigmy hands for supper, and even that was denied to them if they did not accomplish their allotted tale of five feet of lace in the day. When they fell shorb they were sent off supperless, and were, moreover, whipped as a sabstitute for their supper, while on the following morning they were compeled to rise betimes to make up lost time, and work before breakfast in a state of semi-nudity. Their work, place was the front room, in which they had no fire, and if they sought to warm their attennated forms and fingers in tbe back room, where their crnel parent and sister sat and enjoyed themselves, they would be driven forth to resume their weary task, and cursed as " idle things." If they failed to work enongh, or otherwise offended these monsters, the two girls both swore that they and the deeeased were flogged with thistles and nettles, and- sometimes tho excrement of sheep, cows, and rabbits was forced down :their throats by way of punishment. Under this treatment all the three poor creatures pined and wasted almost to skeletons, and Helen rapidly sank. She had repcated fainting fits, and at last, on the 29th of March, her weary fingers refsed to work, and, contracting, incapacitated her. from doing anything. On that night she was sent supperless to bed, and so also on the next, though she prayed for food. Instead of food, however, her mother flogged her -with her stays on her bare person, and told her to go to bed, for "that was supper enough for her." In the night she. cried for food, but her heartless mother, getting np, "cuffed her," and told her to le quiet. After that she was heard to sng a hymn, and to pray, ending her appeal to God with "O, Lord Jesus ! help me to do my,;7ork next week." At 5 her brother got up and went to work, and it was then discovered that the prayer of the supplicant 'had been heard, for there lay Holen dead in her bed. Inmediately after the inquxest the sisters Charlotte and Julia were removed to the workhouse, and there found to weigh respectively only 46Alb. and 391b., whereas after three weeks of care and proper nourishment, they weighed 64,lb. and 541b. rospectively, and were now quite well, though stil remarkably small in stature. As soon as' the inquest was over the prisoner Elizabeth employed a neighbour to remove the uniture from Aspley to Crawley, to the house of a brother, and on that occasion she was shown to be in pbssession- of plenty of gold and silver, as well -as valuables in the shape of furniture - and wearing apparel; so that it was abundantly clear that sbe and - her. parents had anple means at -ocommand. When crossexamined by the learned Judge, Charlotte Barratt admittedhaving told a totally different story before the. coroner, but accounted for her having so done by sawing that she was afraid of her mother and sieter Elizabeth, who both threatened to punish her if she told what she had now done,whichwas the realtrnath Mr. Williams, an experienced surgeon, attributed the death of the deceased to a combination of overwork, with inslficient food- nd exercise, and cruelty, which excited the brain. - When called upon for his defen ce the father said he was a hard-working man, and had given all his earnings to his. wife, and knew nothing of the illtreatment of his children; | while his wife and daughter accused the children of idleness - -and untruthfulness. Mr. Justice COLERiDGE, in smminrg up the evidence, told the jury that if the father gave-the funds-to his wife .Which were reg usite for Nis family, he would be entitled to an acquittal, f%r the respcnsibility, which the law cast on him primarily, would rest with his wife.- If he did his' duty and didinot participate in the alnost incredible cruelty, practised by his wife and daughter, according to the witnesses, he was not guilt'; hut the jury would say whether they would malke any distinction in his favour. - As to the: x ife and d5u&hter. they would both seemnto haveahad the managemen,t of the~se children, and it would ba ffor the juryr - tg say whet-her, haviaS the means, they had neglected their duty towarda andso Ill-treated the deceased a;s to ha,ve aued her deatb,' The iur found all the prisoners Gui14'Wvht bnrecommended' the father to mercy.- Mr. Justce CO EnisrsPf the sentgced him o-12 months'? *mlt~an X1thle'omen to four jeas'pe1alervi~ Edward Stafford was indicted for having adminisered to EIlen Robinson ergot of rye, with' intent to procure her mni carage. In another count the prisoner iwas charged with aiang caused Ellen Robinson to take ergot-of rye with the' lie intent. There-wYere other couts charging tho meanaSo be.a cert.ain noxious thing.. r. Sirjeaint Wells and-31r. Perse 'appearedfor the Drosecution; Mlr. O'Maley and Mr. Tozer de*ended the jprisoner. Thq prowecutrix, who has no mother, anl liiei'with Ler fathei at Bedford, became acquainted with. the prisoner in August last, the introduction taking place through a young niai -rho walkea with a companion o Ithe prosecutrix For sEOne weeks the prisoner and the prosecutrix'" *alked" together; they thea frequented the saime 4ncing-clasa for a short time, and eventually the seduction of the proseeutrix. bD thie prisoner ndner a promise of marriage 'took place in the lnon=h oE November. At Christmnas :the -prosecutrix found herself in the familyway. Early in January shetold tha piisener of -the state in which she was, and he replied that she must take something to get rid of it, as he was notin a position to marry then. She offered to take anIsbing he might get her, but refused to procure herself as'he alggested, the means ofeffccting this purpose. The prisoner then wea_ttQachymists, and, on" astatement that he wanted some medicine to induce regularity in a young woman'whose pe-- riodical fouctions were disturbed, ae obtained someessence of peAnyroyal, which he took to the prosecutrix, aud advised. her to take. She took the pennyroyal, but it produced no' effect. The priaoner thereupon applied again to, the ebymist,'and, maldng a representation like the former one, obtained some sulpbate of iron, and some ammonia to be uned by injection, which he also took to the prosecutrir, and advised her to take. About a wreek aftersiards the prisoner ascertained from the proiecutrix that the sulphate of iron had been ineffectnal; and he went again to the chymaist, repeated the same story, and :got soe6 ergot of rye powders. These also were ineffectual,: and the prisoner thereupon recomnmended her to go with him to London, and submit to an operation. This the prosecutrix declined., The father of the prosecrtrix became ecquanited in February'with the fact of the pregnancy, but nothing was done. until June, when, the prosecutrix hxvingascertainedthat' the prisoner was courting some one else, and having in vain sought an interview with him at his own 'hbuse, went to that Of the other lady and there took the prisoxier to us.' The prisorer retorted byriinging her out of tbe-house, and' slhewas shortly afterwards seized- with the iainis of labour, and confned of a dead child. .Thereupon.this: charge and also a charge for the assault were preferred agairst the urisoner. The prisoner was fined 5i. for the assault, and com;. nitted for trial on this charge. This was the casefoi the mrosecution. Fer the defence it -was suggested that the charge was ptre. ferred through vindictiveness; that the alleged proposal to the prosecutrix to use ineans for procuring miscarrinage waa an invention; and that the prisoners object had1 been to ascertain whether the apprehensions of birth' were not illfounded, and whether the prosecutrix was niot, in fact,' suf: fering under irregularity only, and not from the conseo quences of pregnancy. Lord CAMPBrLL left it to the jury to say whether credit ought to be given to the witnesse-s If they found that it sh, the charge was abundantly made out. he jury returned a verdict of Not Guiltyj, which was received ftah shouts of approbation both within and writhout the court. With this case terminated the Bedford Assizes.
3O(RTnF.I.E fllRflTtT'P YORIW .Tm.T 14 ClVM SIDE.-(Before Mar. Just*ce Whtrrs.4 MULDONVNEY V. S&lTH AASD AySOTHFR. ,Thiswas an action brought by the- plaitiff to rocover damages for a serious personal injury arising- from the alleged negligence of the defendants. bir. HiD, Q.C., and Mr. Jones appeared for the plaintiff snd kr. Serjeant WilklinsandOifr. 'all, for the defendants. It appeared that the defendants were the oviners-of a colliery in the neighbouxhood of Leeds, and the plaintiff was one of the colliers. At the time when the alleged negligence occurred the plaintiff had to'descend by a.bucket irito acoalpit of the defendants, one bucket 'going up asid another down. From something that had occirred the plaintiff made an objection to get into the bucket and go down the shaft, alleging that he imagined the chain not to be safe. The defendant Smith got ingry at. 'this, and 'arged the plaintiff to enter the bucket aiud descend, which. he at length did. The bucket had rot descended many yards down the pit when the chain by which it was suspended broke, and the plaintiff was pretipitated down the shaft. in his descent his thighwas broken, the ancle of one foot dreadfully injured, and the protruding bone of the broken thigh was splintered against the jagged sides of the shait as he felL.. At first it v;as sapposed the plaintiff could not recover, ind it was proposed to him to amputate one leg to save his life. Fe, however, refused to submit to the operation, and his leg was dressed as well as the surgeons could do it, the expectation bohr' t,hat he must die. A strong constitution,, however. pulle him through, though his ancle and knee were stiff,tand- he was a cripple for life. Ultimately it ws agreed to withdraw a juror; on the, unrderstanding that the defendant should make him an Adequate compensation. CROwN COURRT.-(Before Mr. Baron BRAMWnvELL.) The early part of the day was taken-up by the tial of cases the circumstances of which render them unfit for pnublication. Muark Anthony Johnson, 25, and Edward Watson, 29, -were indicted for a burglary committedir the house of Frederic Birtles, and steating 30., some dessert-spoons, 'sugar-tongs, table-spoons, acAd gold rings, at'Handsworth, near Sheffield, on the 14th of March last. - 3Mr. Johnstone and Mr. Riley prosecLated; Mr. -Campbell Foster defended the prisoners. The prosecutor, it appeared, is a stone-merchant, living in a lonely house, at a place called the Blue Slate Qaarries. -About half-past 12 o'clock on the night of the day named t-he prosecutor's wife was awakened by a rattling kind of noise, and two stones were immediately afterwards thrown through one of the windows. MIr. Birtles got up directly, put on histrousers and went out, his wife closing' the door after him and returning to bed. In a short tine two strange mnen entered Mrs. Birtles' bedroom(one of-whom was identified as being Watson), and the shorter of the two men then demanded " their money or their blood." Mrs. Birtles then asked where her husband was, and she was told that they would find him when they wanted him, as they meant to breakfast with them there. They- then covered Mmrs Birtles np with the bedclothes, and kept her so for nearly a quarter of an hour. She was then ordered to get uD and deliver up the keys of the house. She did so, and in going te another room perceived some four or five persons in and about the premises. The whole transaction occupied Aabout -three-quarters of an hour; all the as3ailants were more or less disguilsed, some of -them having crape routnd their faces, the others having w,hite cloths over their heads. A'fter MAr. Birtle's left tuhe' -house, as stated above, he saw some six or seven men get over the hedge, as he thought, to run away. One of the party, however, tarned round, faced him, and struck him such a blow on the face as to knock him down. While on the ground the man who struck him took out a bludgeon loaded- with lead, and stood over him with his foot upon prosecutor's neck. He threatened to .smash hun all to' eces if he were not quite still, and, indeed, did strike him one or two very severe blows on the side as he was on the ground. It appeared that the robbers in the house could not lind the k eys, and one of them ca¢re up to Mr. Birtle and asked him where they were. Mr. Brittle had not got them, inasmuch as he had only put on his trousers before lie lett the house. "However, he felt about hispockets, and then both the robbers examined the pockets for themselves. Not finding what they wanted, they tied up the prosecutor's hands, and the man who first knocked him down (and who was very positively sworn to as being the prisoner Johnsoa) was left to leep guard over his movements. After a whlle the prosecutor managed to gef the handkerchief oft his wrists, sprang up, and ran away,, caUing out " Mnrder,"' whereupon there was a cry of " Off lads I" and all the robbers went, away. Mr. Birtles then obtainedthe assistance of three of his labourers and examined the premises. The- property charged in the indictments was mLssing, and a spade and a sledge-hammer were found, baving been left by the robbers. Indeed, one of the men jwhom Mrs. Bictles said was Watsou) who had stood over her had threatened to dash her brains-out with-a big ham. mer which he held up if she made the least noise. In order to connect the two prisoners with the burglary, besides the positive testimony of both Mr. and lrs. Birtles as to the identity of the prisoners, it was fartlier proved. that in a house frequented by one or both theprisoners a number of housebreaking tools were found, as well asa pair of trousers and the bludgeon, which Wiv5 one of a very partienlar descrption. As to the trouEers the prisoner Johnson at first said they were his, but afterwards asierted that he " knew nought about them, and that they were not his at all." In defence it was insisted that the opportunities of observation afforded to the prosecutor and his wife -were not sufficient; that Mr. Birtles had previously declared that a man mamed Wheeler was the person who had stonii over him when he was down on the ground, and to shou' -bat it could not,at all events, be the prisoner Watson, f"ur or five witnesss were cailled to prove that be was in Barn-ley or its,neighbdurhood on the night of the offence. - - Isireply,itwassuggested that soneislight mistaLeasto thedatemighteasilyrenderthe testiinofiy of all-the-witnesses for the defence not only recoidileable, but actually true, and that on some other night, just about the time, Watson mnight have teen at ilansuley. After a very careful ssumming u.p, The Jury retired, and on their return -found a verdict' of - Guilty as against each prisoner; and lrevious convictions were also proved against each. Sentence was deferred. - --
WP -,7i.pZv rrtT- T WINICrESTER, Jt7.Y 1i. LJROWI.T VOURT.-(Befv.c _fir. &rjcant CHAy-Era.) Hen-By Youngand Edwond Adams wvere indicted for as-, Eaulting,Tohn Byrne, and robbing him, of 191., at Southanpton. mlr. Hi. T. Cole prosecuted, and. Mr. W. L. Cooke de-' fended the prisoners. It appeared that Byrne was a fireman on board the Tay steamer, which came into the harbour at Southampton lstt Thursday. Byrne was paid olf; and on Saturday night he i was at a publichouse with a youlng wonian, and he there metthe prisoners. They all drank toether, and Byrne paid for some of the drink, and-at -thethne ofdoing so he took I out his purse, 'which contained Mis mioney, the prisoners standing close by him at the time- They then dtarted altogether to go to another publichous(so; as they kere walking along Yount caught hold of Byrnc, and said he should go - ho-me with Din.- Byrne, however, . refused; and the girl' who was with him said he ahouMl go home with her. Young then took him by the collar, antd threw him dolwn, and fell upon him, and then Byruo found Young's hands in his pocket. He at length got up and ran Away from them. The next morning, at 6 o'clock, Byrne called at the girl's, and told her he had lost his mrney, and That he had been to-Young's room and askedc hhito givchXWm up his money, but that Young had declared he had soot got the money. Mr. COOXR, in addresiing the iury for the prisoners,- 8aid thati avall orent4 they mu.,.distinguiw. betwgnL onx1ez ai~ te-the. ndlieuredTha teymust aOquit Adams'And; with -re'ard" ft6~ y0 i, thereva 4a -miick~ dWut in the, Cefi wO'(lla minduce thema_ give The. pxisherite besefit ,-The $ury found both the p~risnersGuilty,, an&4they, were, senteceda to lS monthe 3n risonment witkb4 labour. ICharles Field was indicese for obtaniag-moneybyfalse preteficei from Williai Benett. - Mr.-Edwards was oounsel- for the. proneseutien, kanMr. W. X. Cooke for the prisoner. t '-The, prosecutor _ was a farniasr at Botey ad on- EasterMonday tae prisoner had omnie hotimes-31iase a, and the psose utor mad° e some kquresof him abotthe horses.' The prisoner toll him his -father-was. a f er living-at a. place he amed, and that the horseshad been brought -up oi. ee fArm. Thel poecut'i r thien purhedea on* the Loddou,~ ~ -erg5D oe gtof ioundainihe nverxt horses at 22?. 1(Ys upon a warranty-o onom u afterwards, doubting a little, he Wefit-totht priZ6it,wieo sisur6d him that wlhit he had stajed-to biei w*4*II' aa the prosecutor took,the horse ohmne,'and. the nex ts if. turned out to be brokenwinded and worthe on smnall-sum. lnquiries were then made--for the prajoW father, hut it turned o6st that he lived At a. different-,~h andl 'was- only a daJ labourer.' -T7he- prosecutor ri.ei.a5 that he shoula not have bought the horse but for the diilaration Made by the prisoner that the'horse belonged to his f&IUer and that his father wvas a foarmer. .On the kroIse& cutor's cebek was writteu i "warrnted sound.," and signed 90zf.CIo mrn addressing the jciry urged -that this was a prosecution which had been bronglIt to,-hear upon the prie toner insteadoDf al%Aegalaciofor ablreach of-warranty. - - The learned.TInoGEleft it tothe-jUry to say Whethier the prnsonerbhadf f~ly preteniled thathis ~father was afarmer at av~ant; that lie hid beert-sent byhisfather to sell the~ horse; that the- horse had been brou~ght up on-hib father`s~ fTrm andy thatL the -hrisoer wassund. Iftethut Setherewa aeflerpretec,wsdi.fadln, n i-h prosecutrS paUrt,whBhs orey in cr aons-Equenc of a mis Athe check. dM. adkewr cnm frth Thl inryff fond the prionerucM.Coeig'fr the. ,d - Setdntenedferd This was an action to try a riight of 4shing in he rivrer Loddon, near Basingstoke.-- -The Court was occupied *iththig 'tila f6i w-&hiaf. days, hut before its conclusion an arrangement Was c6m6 to, and the -verdict entered for the plaintitf.
MIDDZESEX SESSON, Tuesday, Tu 15. (Bcfore MIr. PAsui1y, Q.G., AssiuanfTud ) Louis Conrad, 37, servant, was indicted for obtaining by falsepretencesfrom Paul Hae apair of-boots, with intent to cheat him thereof. The prosecutor is a bootmaker in. Burlington-arcade;- and on the 16th of June the prisoner called upon him and said hewantedavpair of boo,t for Mr. Bdward Malet. son of lady Malet, who was one of his customers and, cnowing the prisoner from bringing orders, he being Ier Ladyai 's servant, the prosecutor gave him two pairs of boots, ashe thought, for Mr. Wlet to select one, and the prisoner went wway. Ntext dny he returned one- pair, and said Mi. -Malet had kept the other; but at tht time he- hadleft Lady Malcn-'s service, and he hid no authority whatever to obtain goods in that name. He was taken into custody on another charge of the same description,-obtaining satinfrom IWaterloo-house. . The prisontr, in his defence, said through an interpreter, Mr. Albert, that he did not say that the boots were for -Mr. Maiet, and that the prosecntir' would have required a written order if he had said so.' He had:served 18 yesr as a soldier in Algiers and in France, and his-diaractesr'had always been good. The jury found himi OWiU&, anidtho Court sentenced him to five months' hard labour. ,Charles 3PAndrew, 21, was indicted for attempting to *steal a watch from the person of Robert M¶Hibbon, and for assaulting the policeman who took him. The prosecutor,- a surgeon, rsiding at 8a; 'Charlwood. -street, Pimico, wasassingfromVictoria-streetto Strettonground, Weatminster, when the prisoner made a snatch at his watch, but he did not obtain possession of it, and, find.ing he had failed, he ran into Dack-lmne and disappearedde .. house. Prosecutor pointed out the house to a constable, Gregory,68 B, who went in and saw-the prisoiler behind the door. The prisoner then ran upstairs, followed by-the con*stable, who brought him down, and no sooner ha.:e -got lim outside than he called out- for a rescue, 'and began - kici'ng and -striking, the' constable. A scuffle ensued, and they -went down togethir, and a mob of 'about 20, 3iersons collected around, some of. whom kickec 'the constable violently, as he- lay on the ground., Two sol. 'diers went to his assistance, and on one of them taldng hold -of- the prsoner he struck hiu a violent blow on the mouth. IThe soldiers then went away, and the mob succeeded'in ,resecng the prisoner, bat iot until 'the constable had beeen ;umped aporn and, otherwise -ill-treated.' . Sabaiquently he -was taken into custody in a house iin Old Pye-street, br 'Mille3inan, 95 B,' who told him that ho was charged witJ Atempting to steal a watch, aud Assaulting a constable, to i *w4hich he rep lied that the could only send. hiin bvk to wherehe had been beforee, The jury found hini Guilt, and ' The AssisTA-a4uDGu sentenced- ima to12 months' hard labour for the attempted robbery, and, to-eight months' for the assault-one sentence to commence at the expiration of the other. Michael Btyan, 23, was indicted for asulting Henry Wilhiamn Sparling, with intent to rob hin. * The prosecutor stated tbat be was a music copyist,' and ived at lNo. l,. &eorge-street, St. CiRes's. - About hUf-. . past 1 o'clock on the morning of the 25th of June he was; xreturning home,, and when in George-street the prisoner sprangapon him, seised him-'by the collar with one-hand,. -and tried to thrnt the other into his trousers pocket, bnt' - by struggling he prevented his doing so, though the buttons ,ere torn off his trousers.. He caled out .'" Police " and .the prisoner then throat his'hand into. his neckeichief andl nearly chok>ed him by pressingt his-knucklels into his throatl to stopv his shouting; but he got away and theprisoner ranj toward a house, followed byprosecutor. and a-policemanl * -who had come uP, and he was taken into custody. He was well knowsn to the offcers, of the Bow-street district, and had been repeatedly in custody. - The AS5STAYINTJUDGE sentenced hinm to 18 rnouth hard labour. :William Weston, 18, brassfounder, ws indicted for steal-. ifg lead, the property of the Royal Zoological Society; from a shed in the Gardens in Regent's-par4, and was found Sentenced to five months' hard labour. In consequence of the Assistant-Judge having arn attac4 of rheumatic gout a number of cases were postponed.
POLICE. fAsso-1HoUsE.-The LORD M&-son requested that the press would acknowledge the receipt of the following onations for the poor-box:-From Q. J 1O.; A J. Gi." (Parthenon Club), 1. Is.; the Rev. F C. Finch,- 3.; "Anonymous," lOs.; "Australia," a; "H. Batenan, 2s. 6d. GursLDsLuL.-James Wlliamson was charged before Sir G. CAeRRoLL with stealing an umbrella, value lOs., from the person of MLr. Robert Dye, parish clerk, of 2, Sion Collegegardens, London-wall. The prisoner vwas also charged with endeavouring to extort money fromtheprosecator bythre,ts of the most abominable character. - Mr. Dye stated that the prisoner accosted bina on Saturday night in Foster-lane, and said he was- out of work-and in a state of starvation. He spoke in a most energetic manner, and said " moiey he wanted, and money he would have." The prosecutor, on being appealed to in such an extraordinary manner, said he knew nothing of the prisoner and therefore could do nothing for him. The latter, however, persisted in his importunities, and at length said if e did not give him money he would make a charge-against him. The prosecutor, somewvhat surprised, inquired what he meant, and the prisoner thereupon mnformed him. that a policeman had succeeded in Houndsditch ~in getting 5) golden sovereigns from a person by sticking to hins; but he ( athe prisoner) only wanted wlew shillings.. The prosecutor, h gcomprehended the nature of the charge the prisonser intended to prefer against him, -becaame very much warmed, and, on arrivngathisresidenoe theprisonersgddenlygrAsped his umbrella, and said he would not give it up unless he got 2s. Tho prosecutor, almost prostrate with fear, wentinto his. house to get the 2s., but when he came Out-the priioner had vanished with his umbrella. He gave -nfornution to;the plice, with a description of the prisoner, who applied on Monday evening and inquired the prosecutor's name, after which ho caled again, aiid Mr. Dye having taken his precautions engaged the prisoner in conversation while-the. gates of the gardens were locked and an officer sent for. In the meantune the prisoner made the most earnest asse-- v erations with regard to his honesty as well as his destitute condition, and said he had told his father all that had passed between him and the prosecutor, and that his father had said Mr. Dye must be a . The prisoner after that said he only wanted Is. 6d., but, on seeing an officer' approach, he desired the prosecutor to walk. a little way with him and he would show him where his umbrella wa~. .Mr. Dye then gave the prisoner into custody. The prisoner cross-examined Mr. Dye with the view of eliciting evidence in support of the filthy offence with vvhich he threatened to charge him, but he entirely failed in Ehaking the testimony be had already given. . I The prisoner, who denied both charges, was then commiitted for trial. - BOW-sTRgEr.-Threeyoungmen, namedJames Aldridge, Jlohn Gorman, and. John Quinton, of the class knowr to the police as "$sunpected characters," sand tvwo -girls, named. Honorahi Sullivan and Emma Ravenseroft ProstituteS of the lowrest grade, were charged, on remand, wilth being coneoertned inJ a garotte robbery on the night of Saturday, theo The prosecutor, a German master n ed Frederick AbM, had been spending the evening with some friends, and was going home at a late hour, when he missed his way. Heeting the female prisoners at the corner of the - street, -he asked the way to King-street, Holboen, where he resided, andthley politely offered to show him the way, -as they lived in the same sfreet and were jst going home. The unsuspect. sig-eforeigner accepted the offer, and they led himthron4hseveral streets, keeping him in conversation, partly n Esiglish and partly in Frerch, which- Sullijan speaks tolerably welL ln this way they- brought him - to Charles-street, Drury-lane, where he was suddenly attackedby three men; one springing uponi him frombe-- hind caught hini by the throat, so as to-prevent: him cr-yig out; a second began to beat him blsHy: And the tird ransacked his pockets. His v-* -his puMr -containing about 0s an even ket comb,- ira taen Irom- his pocets, and a gold pin frwm his scidf. -~Bemfg shortsighted -ie had ona^pair of spectacles; they wie taen from himl,j and his hat WaS alSO carried off;: leavi*: him barbaded. -. The ruffian who had himn by tbrYuct Aid not relax his lld till hiscompanioss had et away BHe then flwy tbe e iprsecutor to the 1roud And -smAe. off. The prcostcor cried for help, an was heard by several constables in Ad- uIoiai streets, who at.onoo caume to the spot. One ofEthem, 311rhungale, -F86, met the -two womert in Newton-street0 2111,boFot heback; -but the proseentmr,who 'wscflued a- bewildered, mde no.charge against thrm at hat timeD saying that it was the smen who hRarobbed him. There ere-pet Bomb40 or50`person0, inhabitants of Cbarles. reetf; -'who had coolly lookedn OD wbile the outrage wais eaom mitd. t From some oebertationa-owverheard aino he by. st,ndii the police entered oge of the worst of theiefmnoas. dens of whiciChsrles streetchieflyconsists,and pena thu tbiree male prisoners, bat the proscutor, beig aieable toiden' them, they were not detained at the station-hon_ .Some-dys afterwards, however, the nolice having oiltined sie furtherinformation, again aprihende( thepaieasra andbroughtthemtothis.court.' 'reat- difficulty was 'ex peieaeed, however, in obtaining evidence againt tbem.a the perons who had given information to t-he -iolio. decl&ird th*raielves afraid to come forward im consequence of theu-timidation resorted to -by thei priscnera' emocistes.- They were remanded from time t time on the facts acabove sutaeuntil yesterday, when a man named lrie e.e forward, and stated that he was passing through Charle6-street at the time, and oould positivey swear that the m2ne prisoneraiwrethe three men who attacked the prosecutor. fleokne,thembysightprevioustothis occurrenoe. Lorie is not unknown at this court, having fonrerly been in the police, but has now a small annuity on which he lives, _. , Ler is, of Fly-place, who appeared for the female prisoners, raised several points in theirfAvourwith considerable ingenuity. --Mr. -JARDiN-The case- mnst go to ajur. Thele two girls, when asked the way to jing-slreet, Holborn, begin by telaing a'lie-they.say they live there, and offer to show himtbe way. Then they take himn in quite the contrary dsrection,net himto teir own street,andthere he isttacked. and rdhbea bv three of their associates. A jury must decide Fhether thej did not decoy him there for the purpose,- Mr. Lewi,s applied that thev should be admitted to beil. fr. J.AIiDnEn would listento no such application. - They were accordingly committed, upon which the girls. who had been crying somewhat noisly during the whol' examination, burst .nto lond andpassionate protestations of innocence, in the midst of which they were removed. These nnhappy children, both nder 16 years of age, have already followred their infamous trade for three years. -. ARM^LnROUGH2SEITr.-From ",J. E. nEL,' 2s. 6.; "LAdyM.i" I.; "A. E. E.," stamps is.; and rT. B.," S.L, have been received for the poor-box. AfAsAYLEBoIx-.-John Cole, a journeyman gardener and nurseryan, living at lTo. 1, Hardinugon-s.tret, Nlew Church-streetk lortman,-market, was brought un on rerand, charged with having attempted toinurdef a young woman named Bmiauyiuker, servant to Miss Clay, .ofHowley-place,' Paddington, by firing offat her a pistol loaded with gunpowder and- small stones. The particulars of -what trans. pired upoii the first examination have already appearedL Some additionil evidence was given yesterday, and & certificate was produced by the inspector, setting forth that the yonmg wroman,j Emily lLuker, - s sufferiodg fwra la gmhot wound, which rendered her incapble of leavmig the hospital (St. Mary's) at present. . Mr. BRouoIITox (to the prisoner).-Do you- wish t, say a'nything ? Frisoner.-I am sorry forthe act I have committed; my mind and feelings were so excited and wounded that they overnmstered me-I didn't know what I rwas doing. The prisoner was remanded. WonSB"-svsErRT-Thomas Brown, an. athletic young man, lately returned from Bala3dava, to wvhich he was ent out ander the auspices of Sir Joseph P;axton as one of the Army Works Corps, and whose head, strapped upin numnerous places withndhesive plaister, exshibited ind11ications of great sviolence, was charged wlith the followsing outrage:.- - Mlr. Heritage was retained for the prisonier, whoimade a cross-complaint of excessive and unnecessary violeneeon the part of the police, and MIr. Mrtin, Superintendent of the i Division, attended to watch the case for the con- On the might of the 29fh-of Juiethetprigoner was drank in Britannia-street, City-road, and wilfully with his fist smnashed a pane of glass in the window of a Mir. Col, and thenwalke on. A woman was withthe prisoner, who was followed by a crowd of boys calling "Stop thief." A corstable named Herbert came nP and told mhn he -nust for therwindo, which, indeed, the woman who -was with himt subsequently offered to do, andthe prisoner asked the officer fo let him have some gingerbesr. - This he drank, and as soon as he had done so.he stuck obstinately sapon -the pavement5 and exelaimed to the officer ",ow-theresbaU se murder done; I'll murder you, or you shall me." The officer tned to persuade him awvay, and was about to move him, when he turned round and struck the officer several times with his fist upon the face and body very violently. The constable got hold of him, and in the strugle which ensued both fel, but got up. and the prisoner again struck the constable upon the head. The officer then drew. his staff, struck the prisoner on the head, and knocked him d6iwn, but he got up a%ain, and again struck the officer, who agin knoci-e him downn-with his staf and this was several times repeated, till, as a Mr. Hawkins said,-" when I left him he was bleeding and apparently inseusible." A mob of about 500 people collected, and, asin all such cases, took part with the prisoner against the conitalble, whom they ksckeda and illused in such a scandalous mannnermthat rx. Hiegs, a pawnbroker, thought he would be hillel by them, took him into his shop, 'aind° was obliged to Dutnpthe shutters to keep out the mob, who had now' re6coedthe prisoner from the officer. Each witness considered the officers conduct was mild, persuasive, andforbeinugnntil so struck and illused by the p risoner, whose con dAct-was violent in the extreme,aand that the constable perfectly justijed, aed onLy acted in self-defencea- The constable, hierbert, who wcas so i as to be unable tD athundaroneofthnheanrigs, andrtill abpobared to be so was next examrwined, and, after dscribin the first part of: the thalsdchion in similar terms, and repsatingthe pie moner's tbrhe-t of determination tohmarder, said-I. then quietly adpeavoured to get the prisoner away, when he .Astruekametontheseyemand blacod it. I laidohold of him; wo fell, and ht injured his head against therLerb. 5 did not drawhmy trncheon till he had struck me tFiCej and only knocked him dov,nonce with my truncheon;- the other 'timesI threw him. He wes rescued by a mob of several' hundred persons, and it required about a dozen othieersfto take him afterwa rds. ehile I was down on the grounda It hoing him by the , hconer he raised his foot and kicked iie so badly on the lower part of the abdomen that I still eel,acte pa sin from it, have been obliged'to have hot flnnels applied to the- part, and have been under the cr of the surgeon. ASergeantof thesamedivision.-Iaoctor told me last' nighs that he had seen several injuries from icks, but none' so severe as this; the constable was certainlynot oue t of dader wrhen I saw hi.n werbert-I wvas iso hurt by a kick under the left rib, which affects my breathing, .nd I am disqpraifednfor duty tI distinctly saw the prnsoner kick me as he was leaning over me, and Iam still suffeting from that k fick. tr. Mather, divisional surgeon.-I saw the oflicer at his house in hed, and suffering great pain. On examnination I sawa severil brnises and contusions about his head and face and an injubry to the rb on the left side, but the principal fmury was a very serious one inflicted on the peritoneum ahich is internal, and I think will he permanent. H5e is still uder my care, and I am afraid of the result of any excitement. 'Mr. heritage wod not syanything in justification of theprisoneth 's striking the officer, but must loudly complais of the violence used, o his client, which wfaes both uwnecessary andbrutaL To establish this the learnedgentlematcalled three witnesses, named Pinner, Smith, andt dtnell,the first of M_honYworetoseeingtthe oflicer drgging the prisoner along by the hair, and hitting him with -his truncheon on the head and face, knocking him dowcn twice the second, that the prisoner sed no violence whatever, nor did he strike te officer after the latter had struck him with his truncheon; the third, that the oflicer strvck him whie with hisstaffdwhiletheprisoner was do.vn, and al three considered the officer's conduct both eiolent and unnecess ry. i hMr. suDpEvscorurt senthe thegprisoner to he MuiddUesex Sessions, but admitted him to baiL, which wvas found, and Mr. herbtweerved his client's defence, expressed his intention to prosecate the officer for the violence to vhich the prisoner had been esbjected. takeAnfrmhe,anes Maidman, a posledful fellow, was charged with savagely assaulting his wife. Trhe wife, whoss countenance presented a fcr trighl appearance, said that for seven years she had been subjected topthe meatsavage and seandalous treatment at the hands of her husbandg that on the evening before, whilr at her supper, he took up the tonlgs to strike her, upon whnich she owned she threaten,ed toprotest herself wvith the knite se,e had been using at her supper; hut he instantly struck her betwveen the eyes with his clincehd fist5 dashedt lherhead against the wll, struck her several other severe blows on tbe face, a^nd" she ultimiately found that he haa' also nnded hermunder tmetlefb eye with the knife he ha taken from her and she was coipeiled to havethe wound -which bled freely, dressed by a doctor. The -complainant's son, a boy of 14, coreioborated' his mother's state.'nent. The prisoner admitted the wbsole-of the charge, 'eitla the escephon of nsing the knil'e, nnd'7 'Mr. Enuworr committed him to Wandssworh HTouse of Correction for six calendar months.
The result of the late court-martial on Ensign Roberts at Edinburgh is that Ensign Roberts ha3 been declared " fully and honourablv acqiuittea" ot the Cbargo on ;which he was tried, of having received an insult -from Sir I. Clifton without takdng steps in his owvn vindication. The senten^e of the Courl has 1been formally lpprovad by the Queen, and was read: oh SaturdaLy t he officers of the 92d Reginment by Major Sutherlaud, the officer inreommand.-Scotrezani. * [Advertisement.1-The new novel, "The Young Lord by the anther oe "The Discipline oe lie,e kc, in 2 Tov]s; i3 pUlIlisbed this day by .Messrs. Hurst end Blaciett, and ay be hed at all the lebrdries. sejust published-` Se=yelYn Marston," by the anathor of '.EemiliaWvndham,' vols. "'^hea-uhor has sdendauosiderable advance ever 'her Irater fetif.om Se has cbossn a new field for the rnbiectof her tale. and conrcivld her principal claracteza w'ithleer pDrBstine shl, aswvellas5execsctedither; edebh ler prIstne Dnish,"-Sp,se tator. "Diana Wynyard."yb the nither -of "Alice Weutwortib' 3 rols. "Apowerfullywritten tale, from whiehuseful lessons in-lifemayb e drawn.'--Literary Gazette. "A tale thorou0hiY caculate to. awaken the reader's sympsathies.'i-john SulL "A doisnstiestoryof the rery highest of fction, which cannot fael to attract a host of ad.- Dln'ems"?fe-senger. "A msostbeivitching hook. Itsinterestnever dagzY- Sun day TimeCs. l Adveridement.]m c-2ew l'ovel, "The, Man of tne Werid' or. Vanitie of the flay," by t3. W. Ikillow, aulthor of " The Great llghwyf'> "The lHistory cf%Voman,' is now ready at al the librariee, inS vole, r.ithseeven illustrationsonalteel by.lohnLeech. "'An excit id deeply.intertingtale, whicsthe readerwlflnotlay 'demit41t hercacheatne conclnsion."'iohu Bi. '"The scenes are drawn with great rower.'-Messenger. " The story is told with a atrazihtforvarzd air of sinplicity which renders the volunes faxcinatlue' to the moet desultory reaLder. The events produce a climax wkored up in a manner at once breathless and tremcnelous.-Dispatch.. "R osalie is a vell-dnished portrait of the woman 'fine by defet and delicately weak.' Tne rapd dlow of incidents moves-wondor.'"-Fre. Charles J. Skeet, King Williami-street, Charing-croe. A[dvertiseonent,J-The Royal Agriculturl Society of EmilaifaSEhow.-To'tarnmers, Ar3icltural Implem tMaSer,, ilid Gen ' Advertisers, uc.-The * uniday Times," the largest weekly p rin London. of Sunday next. July 20. will contain a fall report of the .get Meeting-at Chelmsford, inclulding the Jrisal of Tmplc_Sleenti. ebo theri2eCattle, saud everyinforarstion ralstUg to agro. culture. Two prizes will be siven by the proprietor of the " Suanay Tirmn" for the best essa on the pre.ent z%ate of the agricuttcrar labourer. The "'unday Timsee" oontins 5weekly . full account of all rase sueethin~swith orioisil information thereon, and:,di the latest in-- *elli-enoe. i!eil a2pirdtlon for insertions off illusLtated adverisema:,tsind asebl. Offis 3, feetstreet,r Irice,5 d.
FOREMT(N INTELaBNOB. FRANCE. (ERO3X OUR OWN CORRESO2DBM.l [Aporlion oI the foowing appeared i oursecona edition ef PARIS, MfON-DAY, JULY 14, 6 P.3M. The following private te:egraphic despatches have been received . 13 "1 AL:IBSII TIS, JULYT 13. "The Caire has just arrived here, with intelligence from Constantinople to the 3d. On thae day 25,000 French troops were preparing to leave that dty. -" Generals Bosquet and Parizet had paid a visit to Ali Pasha. " The Tarks purchased 7,000 of the French horses. " The Journal de Con tantinopie contains a proclamation iedering Sefer Pasha to cease all warlike operations against Russia, and enjoining that functionary either to return ltome or to renounce the.Tarkish service. - ;The Pasha of Aleppo has had the Cadi of Marasch artested, as well as lo0 inhabitants of the town, for the murfler of the English agent. A great number of the inhabitants have fled from Marasch. "Tho Austrian Loyds has established a direct service t7om Constantinople to Gdaatz, and from Odessa to Vienna. "A subscription has been opened in Moldavia in favour cf the sufferers by the inundations in France. "Tho Bncsian consuls who were before the war at Salonica, Smyrns, Adrianople and Belgrade have been re- "VIENNA, JITLY 13. " The baptism of her Imperial Highness the Archduchess, who wasbomryesterday, was celebrated to-day at 2 o'clock. -" A n extensive amnesty has been granted to persons condemned for political offences. The confiscated property of many of the condemned Hungarians and Transylvanians is restored." * The trade of Paris continues in a state of complete stagnation. A few orders still arrive from England and Russia; but the commercial interourse with the other countries of Europe and the United States is nearly at a stand. In the manufacturing districts transactions have recovered some activity, particularly at Lyons, where sils obtain ready and profitable sale. At Rouen and Mulhouse prices maintain themselves, and important purchases have been made for the fair of Beaucaire, which opens on the 15th inst. The actual condition of the crops has been during the week a subject of much controversy, and the changes in the temperature produced many oscillations in the price of corn. It appears, however, that if the yield in a few localities of the south and along the rivers which overflowed their banks is indifferent, the growing crops in the north, east, and west of France present the most luxuriant appearance. Durmig the week prices have somewhat declined in the Paris market. The best sorts of flour, which had fallen on SatLrday week to 100f. per sack of 157 kilogramimes, subsequently rose to 102f. So6c., and then receded to 1002. and even 99f. on Sahtuday, without buyers. The stock remaining in the alea onthat day was 14,132 metrical quintals. 'the bond stores at L a Villette contained besides 35,000 sacks of flour and 60,000 quintals of wheat. There was little or no demand for wheat during the week. 'The prices of the best quality varied from 53f. to 59f. per 120 kil., andthat of the inferior from 51f. to 55f. The prohibition to export grain from Naples after the 15th inst. had caused a certain sensation at Marseilles, witnout, however, affecting prices. That decision of the Neapolitan Government was considered the more unjustifiable, as all the accounts from Southern Italy stated that the harvest equalled in quantity and quality that of 3855. There is no change in the cattle market. Wines gener'allyevince an upward tendencyin prices. The cold and rainy weather of the last 10 days has considerablyraised the pretensions of thesellers. Ne-vertheless the intelligence received from the vine districts is favourable, and holds out-the prospect of a good average crop. Lang,uedoc brandy has risen tif., and spirits extracted from beet 8f.,-thie former selling at J 9o£., and the latter at 1382. per .hectolitre. In the south prices have also advanced. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71M. 40c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f.; and the New Loan at 71f. 45c. Orleans Railway Shares, 1,395f.; Great Northern, -1,095f.; Strasburg, 940.; New Shares, 866f. 25c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,440f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,845f. ; Western of France, 960f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 772f. 60c.; Great Central of France, 4683f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 80Wf. 'Oc.; Bank of Crdit Mlobilier, 1,557f. S0o.; Austrian Railways, 86f. Couirs A hetique-PARs, July 14.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years, 33f. 75c. 94f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (65 per cent. paid, 93f. 75c.; ditto Certlicates (65 per cent. paid), 93f. 75°., ThreeperCents., 71f. 5c. 10c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (6o per cent. paid), 71f. 10c.; ditto, Certificates (65 per cent, paid), 71. 10c. ; Treasury Bonds, 5 per cent, at three months; Bank of France, 4,100f. 4,125f. 4,150F; Cr6dit Foncier, ES0f. 682f. 50c.; ditto Obligations of 50UO., Four Uer Cents., 430f; ditto Three per Cents., 395f.; Prom. Obligations of 1,000£. Three per Cents., 930i.- Credit Itobdlier, 1,557f. S0c.; Discount Bank, C97f. S0c.; Piedracatese Three qer Cents., 56f. 50c.; Austrian F?ive per Cents., 83; Belgian Four-and-aX-Half per Cents., 98; Romn, 87'. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 27Ac.; three months, money, 25f. 22Ac. HARSETLES, JuLY 12. The spIendid steam-frigate Isly arived this morning,- bringing 1,040 men of the army of the East. She made an excellent passage from Constantinople, - whence she sailed on the 4th inst. When she left there sti remained 15,000 French troops in Turkey. The Engglish-steamer Cosmopolitan, Captain Barker, arrived this afternoon. She sailed from Kamiesch on the 29th of June, having on board 420 soldiers and 170 casks of wine, part of the army stores. The mnail steara-packet Caire arrived shortly afterwards. She sailed from Constantinople on the 3d inst., and - brought US soldiers and 76 civilians. The French steamer Eg-ptian arrived yesterday from Sebastopol. She sailed on the 20th of June, bringing 257 soldiers, 85 artillery horses, and a coneiderable quantity of ammunition. Great preparations are being made for the grand dinner to be given to Mlarshal Pelissier on his arrival. Some hundred carpenters are employed in fitting up the dinner tables and seats. There will be accommodation for the Marshal, his Staff, and at least 1,000 soldiers. Tne tables for the soldiers extend in two lines along the boulevards, and are calculated to accommodate 30 each. There is a passage left between the tables, so that the soldiers may take their seats vithout difficultv or confusion; variegated lamps in profusion will be suspended from the trees which line the boulevards, and will produce a magnificent effect and at the same time light the dining tables. The cross-table at; which the Marshal will be seated, together with the dignitaries invited to meet him, will be magnificently decorated. It is placed on a rising ground, and from his seat the Marshal will have a full view of . allhis companions in arms at dinner, and of the immense crowds which will no doubt assemble on the occasion. The Marshal is expected about the 18th. The Peninsular and Ofdental Company's steamer Valetta, Captain Roberts, sailed this morning for 3alta with the outward bound Indian mail; the Vectis, with the homeward bound mail, is not expected until Monday next. Now that the army of the East aud the military I stores have nearly all arrived in France, and that the numerous steamers belonging to this oort freighted by the Government to transport them are being discharged, their owners are looldng out for other sources of employment. The traffic with Algeria, of which the importance is being every day *more appreciated, will absorb many of them. Exceptto a daily observer of the arrivals in the port of tho Joliette, the quantity of corn, oil, hides, wool, frut, and vegetables, and the number of sheep received from that colony, would appear incredible. The steamer Nil, for example, a.sived yesterday from Oran with 1,233 sacls of new wheat and 150 bags of wool. She made the passage in three days. Trade in Marseilles has been extremely brisk this weelk, particularly in sugar, in consequence of the receipt of commercial letters anmoiuncing that the crops in Louisiana, the Havannak, and the 3Brazils are deficient in quantity. French West 3ndia sugar has risen from 37f. to 4VJ. the 50 idlogrammes. 3 500 hogaheads have been sold at that price. ihere have been only :16,000 hectolitres of wheat sold for delivery during the -week. Prices varied from 31f. to 33f. Tine bargains h1ave been made in Plolish wheat at fromn 23f. to 2, and in African at from 241. to 20f. Branheg and spirits of wine continue to rise to an exorbitut prie; 5-6 I.anguedoc is lquoted at 200f. tfihe hectoLitre. TURKEY. (FRo-! OTR OWN COsaEsPr)ND?NTo.) CONSTATINOPE, JULY 3. The three days which have elapsed since my lat letter hava brought no change, and have not thrown much light on our situation. Iasli Pasha has agaia resumed-hisi functions as Grand Vizier, and MIebmed Kibrsili, the' Kaimakan, his formner post aS President of the Tansimat. Thus things remain for the. present. ' Yesterday the German Legion was reviewed by Her MTajesty's Ambassador. It was a farewell review previous to the. departure of the Legicn.. The review took place at 5 e'c1ock p.m, on the heights overlookingK ululee, where the 2d and 3d Light Infantry Regiments are encamped. Usually reviews derive as much interest from their accidental features as from the display itself. - This was not the case yesterday, for, except the beauty of the spot where the review was held, commanding as it does a magnilicent panoramic view of the lower. part of the Bosphorus down to the Seraglio Point, there was nothing to distract the attention from the troops. Itrasa review, soto say, without spectators. GeneralStorks,whocommanded, GeneralMansfield, a fewstragglers of the remainingcavalryreg iment, some medicalmenorpaymastersoftheLegionintheircock-ed hats, two or threenaval officers, and a dozen ladies, were the only persons present. Nor were there any manceuvres or evolutions to set off the display. The Ambassador passed down the line, the troops marched past in open and in close columns, and the whole ended with a short address from the Ambassador. And yet the review was far from being without interest; on the contrary, the interest being all concentrated on the troops themselves it became the more vivid. Their gene. ral appearance when you looked down the line would have satisfied the most critical eye, and their movements would have disarmed the most scrupuIous drill-master, especially the w-ay in which the troops were brought to ciose their columns at a double quick pace-it was perfection. It was the third time I had seen the German Legion paraded in a body, each time at the interval of two months, and the improvement was each time more striking. In a body of troops hastily collected, and composed not only of North and South Germans, but with a strong mixture of French, Belgians, &c., a great difference necessarily prevailed in the beginning, according to the proportion of the mixture, as well as to that of old soldiers and recruits and the time the regiments had been formed. Thus even an inexperienced eye could see that most of the formed soldiers were in the Jiigers and the 2d Light Infantry Regiment, in which there was likewise less mixtLure of nationalities. By this time the efforts of General Wolrige and of his officers have succeeded in cementing together this heterogeneous mass into a fine brigade, I was nearly going to say, of British troops. Indeed, it is British discipline and British organization which have established harmony and homogeneity, and which have made a number of men of different countries and languages into an organized body; and you must be well acquainted -with British troops to observe any difference from them. The type of the face, and here and there, but rarely, a little stiffness in marching in some of the old soldiers who have served in Germany, and in some very young officers, are the only features by which you can recognize that you have not British troops before you. This process of Anglicizing seemed above all conspicuous in the 3d light Infantry iRegiment, commanded by Colonel Cameron, of the Guards, which, being composed of the most heterogeneous elements, has assumed most completely a British character. Any one who sees the German Legion in its present state, or who had seen the Turkish Contingent before it was disbanded, cannot help reflecting how it comes thatthe nlish military organization, with all its shortcomings, is so. successful in- forminarmies o foreignefs;- The ke bo thish seeming anomaly appears to lie in the greater freedom and elasticity which exist in the British military system, and which leave so much more scope to the individual exertions of the commanders and of the colonels of the regiments. In all other armies the minute organization of the system kills all individuality and establishes a dead uniformity, while the contrary produces harmony in the British armny, anld facilitates the asimilation of foreign elements. The German Legion is preparing to embark. Some companies of the 1st Light Infantry Regiment have already gone. To-day the 1st Jaiger Battalion is embarking in the Colombo; and the rest of the 1st and the whole of the 2d Light Infantry R_egiments on board the Hansa, one of the New York and Bremen steamers, hired for the passage home. General Wolrige himself is going to-morrow to Gibraltar. On the departure of the German Legion the greater part of the English troops will have left Constantinople. Of cavalry the King7s Dragoon Guards are alone remaining, while the infantry dep6t at Scutari numbers scarcely more than 500 men. In Galata-Serai only a detachment of 60 artillerymen remains, who wil likewise be sent off as soon as the wooden barracks and stables which have been erected within its walls are disposed of. The material and stores are disappearmg just as fast as the troops thepnselves. At the present moment negotiations are going on between the British and Turkish military authorities about the hay,whichthe Turkish Government wishes to have for the thousands of English and French horses it has lately bought, and -which could not be expected to thrive much on' the chopped straw which is given to the native horses vith so much success. If the authorities in Turkey had as close an eye to their expenditure as in their bargains about the hay their finances would soon be the most flourishing in the world. All the stores which are not worth carrying home, and which are not taken by the Turkish Government, are sold by auction. Daily sales are going on in different places, and new ones are advertised every morning. The Turks certainly cannot reproach the Ennglish I with slowness in the evacuation. At the rate the clearing out has been going on lately, in afew weeks, and long before the time allowed by the convention, neither British troops nor British stores will remain in Turkey. VrioeverwentovertheBritishdep8tinthisplacebe- fore itwasbrokenupmustlhaveadmired the management shownby General Storks in clearing it out; 13 regiments of cavalry, a large artillery depBt, and thousands of tons of stores, have all disappeared with marvellous rapidity. Decidedly, the experience gained during the war in the transport systea has not been thrown away. With the disappearance of the dep6t the hospitals have likewise been reduced. During the wmter, owing to the unparalleled state of health which the army enjoyed, they were comparatively empty; now the General Hospital has been shut up altogether, and only the Barrack Hospital is remaining in activity, although on a very limited scale. In this department, likewise, it was strildng to see what improveraents the sad experience of the war produced, and how the Scutari Hospitals, from illmanaged, inefficient establishments, have become model hospitals. * The commission named to try the murderers of the Greek girl at Varna has commenced its sittings, under the presidency of Ahmed Vefik Effendi. The Ottoman Bank s on the eve of malkng its first large operation. The Sultan has applied to it for a loan of 20,000,000 of piastres, or about 150,0001., for his own use, and the Direction has telegraphed home for powers to comply with the wish of the Sultan. Already this first step wil prove the difference existing between a respectable European banking establishment and the native ulsurers. The palace is accustomed to contract its loans at 22 per cent., which goes some way to account for the enormous sums to which the accumulated interest soon amounts. AUSTRIA. (FROM ou0 OWN CORRMONDEFr.) VIENNA, Juav 11. Within the last week or ten days the Imperial Cabinet has forwarded another note to Naples. The exact contents of this official document have nottranspired; but it may safely be concluded that Couiit Buol has pointed out to the Neapolitan Government the almost inevitable consequence of its vexatious policY towards the Western Powers. General Martini, the Austrian 3inister at Naples, has received instructions to employ the same langaage as his Government; but it is not probable that the wellmeant counsel of Austria will be attenided to. When the Archduke Albrecht, the brother -of Queen Theresa, 'was at Naples about half a year ago, he remonstrated with theKing, but his remarks were lisened to with impatience, and Tis Majesty is said to have exclaimndA "that Austria would do well to sweep before her owndoor." If the warning voice of -the Austrian Prince, who is the eldest son and heir of the late Archduke Charles, roduced so. little impression on the self-led. mnonarch, it is not likely that any great attentiow will bepaidtothe notes of the Austrian Government. All kinds of contradictory reports are in circulation relative to the commission which is to act in t'he Danubian Principalities, but the following account of what is about to be done is from an authentic source. The colnusseares will first proceed to Constantinople, and agree -with the Porte as to the way in which the new Moldavian and Wallachian Divans are to be formed. When the last Austrian soldier has left the Principalities the commission will enter them and endeavour to learn the redr opinions and wishes of the people. It i3 not expected that the conmnissaries will be assembled at Bluchareatbefore the end of August or the beg,inning of September. A s soon as the necessary information has been collected in Moldavia and Wallachia it will be forwarded to Constantinople, and the diplomatigs in that city will communicate the result of the entquete (it was the word used by my informant) to their respective Courts. It is not likely that the finishing touch to the reorganization of the Danubian Principalities will be put before the beginning of the year l85t'. Prince Gortschakoff probably foresees that the Austrians wvil be in no hurry to quit the Principalities, for he has summloned the Councilorof State vonBasily, the Russian member of the commission forthe Principalities, from Vienna to St. Petersburg. BarondeTalleyrand, the French commissary, leaves Vienna for Constantinople to-morrow, but Baron von Koller, the Aulstrian commissary, does not go until the end of the month. Of Sir E. Butwer's movements we know nothing. A credit bank is to be established at Nlilan with a capital of 36,000,000 of lire (1,200,0001.), but, as is I usual in Austria, only 30 per cent. will be paid on the shares during the first year. Plans for new railroads spring up as rapidly as mushrooms, and it is even proposed by ajournalist to establish a second credit bank at Vienna. Baron Bruck's reputation as af financier at present stands very high, but it appears to me thlat a tremendous financial crisis is inevitable if tlhe railroad mania is not kept within due bounds. Tradesmen in Vienna, Prague, and lTrieste can now obtain money at 5i per cent., I and this improved state of things is owing entirely to the Credit Bank, a,gainst which some of the papers rail " because it is not enterprising enough.:' The establishment in question is even now in a position to pay 45 per cent. on the 30 per cent. paid in by the shareholders, and it would be sheer madness to rnm any risks as lon- as such large profits can be realized by doing a safe %usiness. A Bavarian shipowner, who recently inquired of the Austrian Government whether he could navigate the Danube down stream, was told that he could not do so until the privilege of the Austrian Steam, Navigation Company had been annulled. The shipowner talks of forming a regular Bavarian station at Semnlin, but in my opinion no company can successfully cope with that already established. ITALY. The Roman TJournza of the 8th inst. contains an account of the inauguration of the Rome and Erascati Railway, which took place the day before with great solemnity. Cardinal Antonelli, Secretary of State, Cardinal Cagiano, Bishop of Frascati, Cardinal Altieri, Secretary of Requests, Cardinal Roberti, President of Rome and the Comarca,. the Ministers, prelates of the Pontifical household, a few members of the Corps Diplomatique, the superior officers of the French garrison, and other persons of distinction, specially invited by Air. York, contractor of the line, were present at the ceremony. Monsignor Palermo, ishop. of` Porphyra, bestowed his benediction on the road from an altar erected in the station, after which the party started for Frascati, where it arrived in about 28 minutes. Prince Torlonia had placed his villa at the disposal of Mr.York, by whose directions a splendid banquet had been prepared for his guests. There Cardinal A ntonelli, in the nme of Eis Holiness, presented Mr. York, Ii!. Harlingue (Cief Engineer), and x. de Yitry (Director), 'with the insignia of the order of Pius of the second class, as a mzark of the Popo's satisfaction.
THE ZMTIONAZ GALLERY. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TDEES. Sir,-I had hoped that a letter signed " William Coning. ham," regarding a Virgin and Child by Giovanni Bellini, in the National Gallery, which was printed in The Tirzes of last Friday, the 11th, would before now have been replied to by one of the numerous English gentlemen known to possess a true Xnowledge as vell as love of art. To my surprise, however, no such reply has appeared, and I therefore feel myself justified in requesting a place in your columns, which I should not otherwise have assumed. It is possible that these gentlemen may have considered any refutation of MIr. Coningham's letter as unnecessary; and, were the gene. ral public as enlightened on these subjects as they, I should entirely concur in their silence; but this is not the case. Theinordinate presumption, therefore, which asserts this V'irgin and Child by Giovanni BeUini to be "spnrious and vamped up," "of the lowest type of art," "extensively daubed over and repainted," "for educational purposes utterly worthless," &c., without taking the trouble of giving a single proof of the trnth of sach assertions, is, unfortunately, but too well adapted to mislead; for it is natural to believe that a writer who assumes such a tone of condemnation must be very sure of the correctness of what he advances. 'Under these circumstances, and considering the deep interest I havo for many years taken in all matters concerning art in England, and the confidence which many in this country are pleased to place in me, I feel it my duty towards those W ho love art, as distinguished from those who may be sup. posed to have a knowledge of it, to point out somewhat in detail the untruthful and untenable nature of Mr. Coningham's statements. Iam acquainted with most of Giovanni BeMini's works in Italy, France, England, and Germany, and, setting the in. dubitable signature on this picture in the Nationai Gallery entirely asde, Iknow of no Madonna and Cnild by him which, as regards the question of genuineness, more decidedly bears the stamp of his hand. At the same time, in intensity of religious feeling, regular beauty of the heads, masterly rendering of every portion, and deep and full harmony of colour-in short, in all that most constitates the merit of a picture, it surpasses every other example of this subject by the master I have hitherto seen. The mother and the divine infant are both holding the apple-the symbol of the fall; and in the expression of elevated and resigned sorrow which pervades the heads the painter has intendedto depict the pathetic consciousness of the Saviour's stupenduous mission. The heads and hands of each, and the body of the child, are modelled with a plastic power and roundness vhich bear witness to the painter's having devoted all his energies to the task; while the warm brownish tones of the flesh, the dark but luminous coloar. iag of the red and blue draperies, and of the green curtain, are in deep and earnest harmony with the solemn inmport of the subject. Further, as regards the preservation of the picture, I have met with few snecimens of the old mastes which can be said to be so faultless in this respect. Seldom, indeed, is the original surface-shown in the draperies commonly by a ridgy inequality and in the flesh parts (in the masters of the 15th century who panted in oil) by a fused and enamel-like smoothness-seen in such a perfect state of preservation as in this picture. To any one the least versed in such matters the mere idea of overpainting is in this case simply ridiculous ; and it must be owned that Mr. Coningham has showed no common degreeof boldnessin challenging the public to support him in such a declaration. For the reasons above stated, therefore, I am at a loss to discover any better grounds than ignorance or malice for all Mr. Coningham has advanced in his letter. Here the proverb " ex ungtue Ieone'" may be justly quoted, for to these sources may be traced every article regarding the National Gallery with which Mr. Coningham and his in every respect worthy coadijtor, Mr. Mlorris Moore, have for a number of years favoured the public. It is true that in these same articles I have also had a large share of abuse; and, though I have always felt it as unnecessary for me as it would be unworthy to descend into the arena which these gentlemen occupy, yet before concluding this letter I may add that I am proud of having been the first to introduce that system of chronological arrangement of pictures which characterizes the Berlin Museum. The utility of this plan has gained me the approval of some of the worthiest and most distinguished men of Europe, and has further been eridenced by its adoption in the lrgest European collections-narmely, in the picture gallery of the Iouvre and in the sculpture department of the British Museum. Under theme circumstances I cam afford to be utterly indifferent to the censure of such aXcritic as Mr. Wllian Coninghum. I am, Sir, your obedient serrnt. GcUBTAv WA&QEN, July 14.
TIE' ROYAL AGRCUTTURAI SOCIBTF. CHELSEGRD, JuLY 15. The annual meeting of the Royal Agricultural Society of- England, which is to last during this and the three following days, was formally opened this morning in this the county town of Essex, and all classes of the inhabitants have vied with each other in giving the greatest possible Eclat to the occasion. Triumphal arches have been thrown over the principal streets at several points, the gayest of banners float from the old churchtower, the Shire-hall, and the windows of almost every private house, including some of the very humblest, while others. are tastefully festooned with evergreens and flowers, and merry peals of bells are rung at intervals. They have also contributed a handsome sunm in hard cash towards the expezves of the Exhibition, whichthey evidently regard as an event destined to be memorable in their municipal history. To-morrow night the Shire-hall, where there is to be a grand bal, will be the ren. dezvous of the gentry of the surrounding neighbourhood and many persons of note from various parts of the kingdom, as well as from the continent, whom the meeting has attracted to the place; the dinner of the society is fixed for Thursday, to be followed by a concert in the evening; a floral fite of considerable promise will diversify the entertainments of Wednesday and Thursday; and the procedings of the week will be brought to a conclusion on Friday night by an illumination and a pyrotechnic display. The site selected for the show-yard of the society on this occasion is admirably suited to the purpose. It is called the Walk-field, and embraces upwards of 20 acres of fine meadow land, the property of Lady Mlildmay; and, although in close contiguity to the railway station and the t-own, the directors of the Eastern Counties Company have afforded still more facilities for the public access by making a special siding, and laying down a short branch line of about a-quarter of a mile in length, which have been of great service in conveying the implements and cattle to the very entrance of the enclosure. By far the greater part of the showyard is devoted to the exhibition of agricultural implements, machinery, and seeds, all of which are placed under cover and arranged with the greatest regard to effective exhibition; some seven or eight acres are set apart for the show of cattle and poultry, which is to commence io-morrow; and the remainder is occupied by the pavilion erected for the society's dinner, and capable of accommodating at least a thousand persons. An entirely new feature has been introduced into the arrangements at the present meeting. It has been the invariable practice with the society heretofore to award prizes at their annual meetingsto almnost every class of agricultural implements, but this has been attended with inlconvenience in several respects, and on this occasion the prizes, with the exception of those given for cattle and poultry, have been confined exclusively to field implements. Next year a different clss of implements will be the subject of competition, a second class on the following year, andfield implements again on the third; so that triennially the same kind of implements 'will compete for prizes at the annual meeting o' the society wherever it may be. It ought, however, to be stated that all kinds of ag,ricultural implements are exhibited as usual at the present meeting, though the prizes are limitedin the manner stated; and for the fist time since the existence of the society, machineryin actual motion has been applied in the show-yard to implements intended so to be propelled, and with that novel adjunct exhibited before the public. The result has been that to-day we have had thrashing machines, almost without number, tile and brick machines, saw and other mills and chaff engines, worked by little portable steam-enginesof from4to8horse-power. TheMIesars. Garrett, indeed, of Saxmundham, have been at the cost of erecting a brick building with a corrugated iron roof, substantial enough to last for several generations, in which to exhibit the various implements of which they are the inventors, and which they drive by, steam, although the show is only intended to continue four days. Other eminent manufacturers of agricultural implementsincluding Messrs. Clayton and Shuttleworth, of Lincoln; Ransomes and Sims, of Ipswich; Barrett, Exall, and Andrewes, of Reading; M;aynard, of WVhittlesford; and Sparke, of 7Norwich-have also exhibited in the course of the morning a variety of machinery for purposes of husbandry, propelled by steam; but, with few exceptions, it was not characterized by any great novelty, however useful or ingenious, comprising as it did, for the most part, implements for which prizes had already been awarded at former meetings of the Society, or at the recent Paris Exhibition, and which were chiefly interesting to the local agriculturists and those who had not had a previous opportunity of inspecting them. In this respect, indeed, the society may be said to confer the most important services on the a riculture of the country, for, year after year, it cares into different parts of the kingdom, the inhabitants of which, engaged in husbandry, would otherwise have little or no means of intercommunication, its whole stock of experience and practical knowledge in all that relates to the science of agriculture, and so makes it, in process of time, the common property of the whole population engaged in its practical pursuit, some of whom, it may be hoped, are induced thereby to abandon antiquated, clumsy, or inefficient usages, and apply the information thus acquired, or adopt some ingeniouspiece of machinerydevised to mitigate the waste of manual labour in the cultivation of the soil. The day, though cloudy at first, and accomDanied by a few showers of rain, greatly improved as it advanced, and the weather is now all that can be desired. France, Belgium, Switzerland,andthe Netherlands have sent representatives to the meeting; and a considerable number of practical agriculturists among our own countrymen arrivedin the course of the morning. Among the noblemen and gentlemen who visited the show-yard in the course of the day were Lord Portnan, the president of the society for the year, the Earl of M-acclesfield, Sir John Yarde Buller, M.P., Sir E. Kerrison, Md.P., MIr. Evelyn Denison, M.P., Sir John Orde, Sir Joseph Pacton, M.P., Mr. Bramston, M.P., Mr. Wf. M3:iles, M.P., Lord Berners, Lord Feversham, Sir John Tyrell, M.P., Professor Henslow, Mr. Bunsen, Professor Way, M. Eugbne Tisserand, CommiLssioner from the French Government; M. Eugene Gareau, a Firench juror; the Hon. de Villers de Pite, Commissioner from the Netherlands; M. de Gingins d'Eclipens, Swiss juror; M. Dutrdne, fromlAmeius ; the Marquis de VogiiU M. Bortier, and the Baron de Heusch, a deputation from the Agricultural Society of Belgium ; the Count de Bouill, the Baron George de Cotta, M. de Trehonnais, Baron Hottingeur, of Paris, mr. Thomnas Baring, M.P., M. E. Lascelles, M.P., Sir Staford Northcote, l'.P., Mr. Fisher Hobbs, and Mr. T. R. B3aker. The part of the exhibition to which by far the greatest amount of interest attaches is that in which steam power is sought to be applied to the purposes of husbandrJ, especially plouglinig and eminent agriculturists who have seen the steam-plough of Mr. Fowler at work to-day on a farn of Mr. Christy, in the vicinity of the town, say it goes far to demonstrate the practicability of the principle which many ingenious mechanicians have sought, for years to carry out. This principle once established, and steam harnessed to cultivation, it is difficult to imagine to what results in agriculture it would lead. When reg,ard is had to the practical efets of the application to tillage of a power that does not eat corn,but only the mineral "black bread," which can neitner nourlsh men nor feed cattle, the accomplishment of various tillage operations by an unflagging operator, the achievement of difficult and at present impossible processes of deep culture, doubling the crop-producing power of the land without addig to it a single superficial acre, the wonder is how the mechanical problem of steam cultivation has never been solved before. We have had Mr. Hoskyns demonstrating, in his Ckronide of as Clay .Famin, that there is no essential impracticability in making steam a farm labourer, and that the best method of workdng him is to put " his shoulder to the wheel." Years ago Mr. Heathcoat, Mr. Osborne, Lord Willoughby D'Eresby, and the Marquis of Tweeddale Ploughed large breadths of land by steam-power hauling apparatus; and at Carlisle, last year, Messrs. FiNken exhibited a novel and very successful steam plough. This year there are three methods of steam-ploughing under trial. With great pers verance Mr. Boydell has improved upon his lait year's engine, which consists of a common portable eighthorse boiler, with two 6i-inch cylinders, a flywheel on one side to drive any machinery by-band ta stionary enzaine, and pinionm on the other side earifg With a'spur-wheel attached' to' one of the maive carrige wheels upon which the engine is mounted. The four carriage wheels are fitted with the "e ndless railway," enabling them to traverse over any surface horever rugged, to climb acclivities, and to drag behid them an immense weight 'without osing their bite of the ground. The engine usually works 'vith (OIb. presure per square -m ch, and can be worked up to 2-hore Dpower. Its weight, with water and every requiisite for dulty, is nine tons; but, neverthelesst it can ascend inclines, Iback, turn in a small area, and is steered by SL pole, chain, and wheel like those or a steamboat, with the greatest nicety. The inventor considers his engine sufficiently porwerful to draw, say 10 ploughs in light land, at aix inches depth, 'with a spee of two miles per hour. It has dragged some implements of very heavy draught duringthe trials, andwasnotunable to pull forward Colemans ploug'ningmachine. In anattempt with the dynameter attached to Biddell's cultivator, the instrument broke at 40 cwt., the draught of the cultivator as used being much greater stilL In ploughing hillsides the engine is intended to go up hill empty, and, in work downwards, so as to perform very steep work indeed. One of the principal advantages of this locomotive for culture is that no horses whatever are needed to help it, inasmuch as it travels of. itself from place to plce, taking coal and water, and costing nothing beyond the wages of two men, in addition to those with the implements,j thie wear and tear, and interest of first cost, about 5501. Mr. Smith, of Woolston, -Buckinghamshire, works his implements by means of a common seven-horse portable engine and a stationary windlass, fixed at one corner of a field. A couple of jinch wire ropes are led from the two drums on the windlass in opposite directions round 'four anchored pulleys, ana meet at the implement, thus passing all round the field-two anchors being fimed and two shifted from time to time along each headland as the ploughing proceeds. The anchors are like large four-toothed rakes, and it requires a man at each end of the workto dig holes and shift them forward. 11r. Smith uses cultivators of a peculiar kind, taking about three-feet breadth at a time; and he has an ingenious and cuick mode of turning them at the end of the furrow. He is able to scarify or baulk-plough on an average four acres per day of 12 hours. The expenses, including the labour of six men, coal, fetching water, wear and tear (say is. (d. per acre), and interest of capital, amount to 8s. per acre. M1r. Fowler has contrived a different arrangement. A portable double-cylinder engine, worked at hligh pressure, and driving a capstan by a short endless chain, is stationed halfway down one 'ide of thefield. Erom the two horizontal drums of the capstan two wire ropes are led diagonally across the field direct to the two ends of the work, there passing round a couple of anchored pulleys and meeting at the implement. The anchorages deserve notice; they consist simply of low trueks or small wvaggons laden with earth and with sharp cutting discs for wrheels, which cut do¢n. into the land, and, while presenting great resistance to sideland pressure in the direction of. the ploughing, can be easily pulled forward along the headland whenreqluired. For common ploughing an implement is used having eigh't ploughs fixed upon it; four in work at once, and the others pointed in the opposite direction for performing the return trip. For trench-ploughing 10 or 14 inches deep another implement is used, taking two furrows' width and two deep, being, in fact, a modification of Cotgreave?s subsoil and trenchplough for horse-power. The ploughing is oneway work, but lands or stetches can be readily ploughed by simply turning the implement end for end for each half-land, and by shifting the anchorages accordingly. The work of commeon ploughing was exceedingly well done, and the trenching implement was drawnwith great steadiness in ground through -which 10 horses were required to pull it. The amount of ploughing onland where three horses are commonly yoked in a plough capable of being done by a 10-horse engine is about eight acres per day of 10 hours; and the expense of working, including four men and a boy, fetching water and coal, shifting the engine and taelde to the field, wear and tear, and interest of first cost (which is 4951., inclungthe eugEne) is apparently not more than 53. or 5s. 6Sd. per acre. Trenching costs about double this sum. S;hould further experiments and calculations prove this estimate to be oorrect, there can no longerbe a doubt that " an economical substitute" has at last been perfected for the long venerat;ed horse-plough.
A DISTINCTION WITHOUT A DIFFEREKCE. TO THIE :EDITOR OF. THE TTh[S. Sir,-Having butjust landed in 31ngand, I am infoemed that your Crimean correspondent has done me the favour to state that I commanded the 2d Battalion RifleBrigade in the Crmea vithout having seen a shot fired. I candidly admit that the above is the first that has been aimed at me individually, and that your correspondent has quite succeeded in surprising me by his unexpected and unprovoked attack. I trnst you will not refuse to insert the foLlowing reply:In the summer of IS55 I succeeded in effecting a long: sought emchange to a Crimean regiment from the Canadian Rifles. On the Sth of August I was permitted to hand over the command of that corps by general order. On the 27th of the same month Ire orted myself to the Adjutant-General in England, requesting my orders, which were to embark for the Crimea in the Arabia steamer. The Arabia smiled on the 2dth of September, and landed me in the Crimea on the 14th of October. I am told that your correspondent states my want of service may not have beenmy fault. Will he allow that it is T am rI,nnv tn nhiAnnL ,rrn, PERCY HILL. AIdersliot, July 14leutenant-Colonel, Rifle Brigade.
T.un Co0-U.ND oF THE Arniy.-The post which Viscount Hlardinge has left vacant is a high administrative office, placed outside the circle of Government departments, and more difficult to manage, on that account, than if it were within it. Whoever aspires to it should possess, in addition to professional aptitude, a certain familiarity with the official system, ample mnowledge of men, a disposition that would not recoil from the dry details of business, and a power of command over them wbich is by no means a necessary consequenee of the power of eommanding troops. As a responsible Minister, he should not be devoid of the experience of a politician, and, as the constant medium of communication on military mattersbetween the Government and the Sovereign, he should possess that mixture of firmness and suavity which is rarely produced except by high cultivation acting on a well attempered natural disposition. In addition to all this it would be well for the Commander-in-Chief to be indubitably the greatest soldier of his time and country. Now there is no such person, nor anyone like him, to meet the demand of the present crisis; and our resource in the dilemma is to choose a man who, with a fair average of the qualities required, makes up the long distance between himself and perfection by the possession of advantages which, in the estimation of the profession and the country, entitle him to singular respect. Such is the claim of the Duke of Cambridge, as a prncee near to a throne which, for just cause, never stood so high in the affections of the army as at the present moment. But if his Royal Iighness's birth must be admitted to form his first pretension, it is not his oily one. The devotion vith which he is known to have pursued the military art is obviously a most hopeful earnest of official zeal on the part of one who has been surrounded from infanoy vith aU the distractions and allureients of theimost exalted rank. If it be true that he has had a Royal share of the honours and emoluments of the service, it is also to be remembered that he has eagerly asserted his claim to participate in its dangers and privations. On the whole, we believe that his appointment will not be severely criticized, except it be judgedyb2 comparison with ihat indefnite "something else," by the side of which no human arrangement can appear otherwise than faulty and defective. -Atanchrstr Guardian. SINQAn iD FAnAL OccmmmEcX-An inquest was held before Mr. E. Cowcher, coroner, a few days ago, at St. Petera CoDege, Radley, near Abingdon, on the body of a voung man, named Walter Fairey, Aged about 17 years, wvo met with his death in the followingeingular and melancholy manner. It appeared that deceased was one of the servitors in the coUlege, and, about 4 oclock on the 3l inst., he went up to his sleeping room with two other of the servants to dress, having finished certain duties of the afternoon, and, being tired, all three threw themselves on their beds, the deceased taldng a sponge in his hand to sponge himself as he lay down; he afterrards threw the.iponge towards the wasihand stand, whence it boundedthrorghthe owin dow on to a skylight. The deoeased, against the advice of his fellow-aserants, immediately got out of the window to recover it, and in doing sobislegs slipped UtEough he skylight, and in getting them back the glass cut him in the thigh, and he threw himself into the room, and so rofuse was theflowof bloodfromthewound, that he diedfom exhaustion in a few minutes. Mr. atin, of Ahis.gdon, the surgeon of the establishment, was immediately sent for, but in his absence Mr. Baker hastened to the spot, but the unfortunate young man had ceased to live, even before the mewenger had got beyond the College bounds. Front Mr. Baker's evidence it appeared that the deceased sustabined a cut about an inch long, and Tather more in depth, irhich lad sepanted the femoral artery, an injury wlhica the most prompt sugical aid could hardly have prevented causing death. There being not the slightest doubt that the occurrenioe was of an Accidental nature, the jury returned r- diet acingly.-Orford Jhernaf. The Biahop of Manchester will administer the affars of the dioce3s of Durha;m until the resignation of the Bishop of that see whcichwill take effect onl the !st of September, if tbe bill now before Parliaenlt shoeul. pass into a law durnug lthe preenot sem;ion.
MXILITABY INDNA A YLL I-NTAUZGAW?a Yesterday the Duke of Cebrdgs, ag Colonel of ti4 Soots Faileer Gu=a reviewed the mm at an ewly how in Hyde Park, The 2d bttalion, new stationed at SW Geogs Barracks and inPortman-sLtrehB&rrack mustere about 1,000 men, The men were under the i 4 command of Colonel Moncrief the regin taia co officer. The Duke of Cambridge highly bomplimentd #4 regiment on their soldierlike appearaoe.- His RoWyal Ighness the Prince of Pruxia, attnded bp Baon d'ilvenslat-en and the Count de Boos, went throu the varous deparkwetg -f WoolvichArenadl yoste&rdi evening and spent -two hours and a-half in that establish. mrent, The band and a guard of honour compoed of tha toyja Artilery Regiment were drawn up on the :Pamd". ground of the Arsena, where General W;3iams, CoM; mandant of the garrion, and the officials of that institni tion, in full uniform, were awaiting hs arrival. Gtene Williams wore the riband and badge of Knight Commandat of the Bath, and three other sts and decorations, and was accompanied by Colonel Bloomfield, Aide-de-Camp; Brl! gadier-Major Shaw, Qartermaster-General Captain Freeths and two other saff officers. Her Majestf's steam-frigate Sidon, 22, Captain Eng field, went into Portenouth harbour yesterday morning id disembark the 93d Highlanders at the dockyard. Altez landing and forming, this fine regiment marobed thronula the town to the raway station, hefded by their band and pipers, and created the most lively interest among thi inhabitants by whom they were warmly cheere. Th Sidon is to be paid off. Eight companies of the 3d battalion of -the Riffe Brigad quartered at Portsmouth, received orders yesterday morn; ing to hold themselves in readinEs for embarcation for Gibraltar. Accounts have been received at the Admiralty of the ship; wreck ef the stea transport Spartan, No. 18, on the southi west end of the Cane Roclks, on the coast- of Barbary. The Edina transport fell in with the Spartn, a complete wreck. The Spartalihad fortunately succeeded in landing the whola of her troops, consisting of 10 officers, 796 non-commissioaed officers and men, 1 lady and child of the Lend Trausport Corps, besides her crew, without loss, on an adjacent very small island of rock, where they are well supplied with pro. -Visions from tlhe ship, butin imminent danger from want oE water, that of the ship being damaged with salt water. Yesterday evening, at 6 o'cleck, 800,000 rounds of 3[inis bal cartridges were forwarded to Portsmouth, to be shipped in Her Majest's 6-gun paddlewiheel steami-sloop Geyser, foz the Cape of Good Hope. Some interesting experiments have been made at the practising-grotud belonging to the Royal Sappers asd Wiiners at Clhtbam, with a new description of fascines, the improvements in which havo been effected by Sergeant. Major Jones, of the Royal Engineers They are considered to be vastly superior to the old description of fascines, and1 an order has been given for 50 of the imnproved description to be used on the fieldworks of the RoyalEngineer_- Yesterday, a detachment of troops arrived at Chatham from the East Indies, having disembarked at Gravesend, from Calcutta, from the Marlborough Indiaman, Com3ander Smith. The detachment comprised non-commissioned officers and men from the following regimentv now serving in the Bengal presidency, Tiz :-4 men of the 10th Foot, 12 of the 35th (Royal Sussex) Regiment, 19 or the 52IA3ght Infantry, 2 of the 53d Regiment, 3 of th% 60th Royal Rifles, 1 of the 61st Regiment, and 1 of the 87thl Royal1rish Fusileers, the whole nuder the command ol iUeutenant F. Eteson, 52d Light Infantry, and in medical charge of Smugeon Northover. The Marlborough touched' at St. Helena, where a detachment of the St. Helena Regi. ment, consisting of 23 volunteers for other regiments; embarked, with si invalids, and also one invalid belonging to the Royal Arillery. After disembarking at Gravesena the troops were conveyed to Chstham. On Sunday afternoon the troops belonging to the Royal Sappers and Miners were assembled on the parade-ground of Brompton-barrac4ls after their returnfrom church, wheo they were fonned into close column for the purpose of wit. nessing the presentation of a silver medal-by command ot Her Majesty-to Sergeant W. Read, of the Royal Enginsere, together with a gratuity of 15Z., which had been awarded him for long and meritorious service and for distinguished and gallant conducti before SebtopoL. Colonel H. Sandham, director of the Royal Engineers' establishment, who, presented the medal, eipressed the gratification he felt ira so doing, and trusted that Sergeant Read would long live to, wiear it. He then placed the medal on Sergeant Reada breast. The brig Eaamont, commissariat transport, N\o, J38, arrived at Portsmouth, from Balaava, on Monday night, with field batteries of Royal Artillery, waggons. eqmup. ments, &c., which sbe proceeded yesterday to oollwich to> land. The Iancasiire transport arrived at Spithead on Mfonday night from the East, with Lieutenant Dooley, of the 77th, Drs. Brice and Reynolds, Dresser Dixon, Di'enser Clarkae, the Rev. Mfr. Wrench, and 298 invalids. gme she sentF into Portsmouth hatbour yesterday by the Comet tog, and then sailed for the Thames The Norwegian corvette Ellida left, Portsmouth yester day forthe eastward. The steam trnsport Allies went into Portsmouthharbouon Monday evening, to discharge stores. The steam-transport Empress Eugenie, from Constanti. nople, with troops, and aer MajesWs steam sloop Gorgon; from LiverpooL vwth two gunboats in tow, arrived at Spiti head yesterday evening. The paddlewbeel steam frigate Vulture, 6, Captain Frederick A. Campbell, which left Plymouth on Saturday for the Mediterranean, returned to that port on Monday with her machinery damaged. The paddlewheelsteamvessel Avon, 3, from Portsmouthz arrived at Plymoulth on Monday. The sloop Camill, 16, w;as masted at Devonport oX Mfonday, and takren to the jetty to be rigged. The steam gunboat IStanch, Commander Wlldmnan, was warrped to the rsheer bulat Devonport on Monday, and had her masts taken oult. The steam transport Dutchman, Captain Kivanagh, froia London, with telegraphic wire, put into Plymouth oi Mfonday. The Brazilian serew war schooner Parraguassie, from4 London for Sardinia, bound to the Brazils, put into Plyh mouth for fuel on Tuesday morning. The Caroline freight ship, in the London Docks, is ready for sea, laden wvith guns, ammunition wagons, &c., for tho Cape; and the Pasha, likewise in the London Dockcs, is nnder sailing orders with naval shells, fr.iction tubes, and. other Ordnance stores, also for the Cape of Good Hope. Tuhe following appointments w ere made yesterday at the Admiralty Commander F. H. Stirling, to the Wasp, commissionedt Robert B. Jones, Master, confirmed, to the Termagant; Cs N. Hoare, Midshipman, to the Amethyst; A. H MarkhamW Naval Cadet, to the Camilla; WF. T. Gordon, Naval Cadet, to the Amethyst; F.rederick Burne, Asitant-Paymnaster, in charge, to the Spy; F. NT. Wright, Assistant-Paymaster ill charge, to the My-rmidon - Frederick Bewis, Assistant-Pay. master, to the Illustr.ious. A circular has been issued from tho Adjutant-Genera1iP office, Dubln, to officers commanding Militia Regiments ha Ireland, directing attention to several points connected .with the payment of accounts, the restoration of clothing, annrs' and appointmente, and for the removal of ammunition into t.he Government stores. The General Commanding in Chief in Ireland proceeds to testify the' l'h sense he entertins of the uniforily zealous, orderly, and soldierlike conduct of officers and men. The militia force of Ireland have, he says, evinced during the late war a mos' laudable desire to uphold the honour of their country, by having, in. large numbers, transferred their serv.ces to the reg army, and his L ordsip desires each officer will ha pleased to conveX to the corps under his command th.e ex;pression ot the General's approbation in every rsect and his good w.ishes for their future welfare, A circular hac also been isued, from the Lord-Lieutenant of Lreland, giving instractions respecting the disembodiment oD the several militia regiments mi Ireland. Hs Exoelleney also requests Lord Seaton to convey to the several odi6arS co tarnding the expression of the ery great satatio which Her Majesty has received by the exemplary ir -vices of the several corps of nsilitia. The circular then Par ticulaies the allowances wrhich Her Maijesty has been pleased to grant to the officers and men.
SALES BY AUCTION. WesOminster Auctinn REooms. Vincent-sAuare. Westminster. rESSRS. SCHOFIELD and EVANS will SELL Ti. by AUCTION, at their spa=ious Ioonos, as above, To-mi.rrowr Thunslav. ,Tsl 17. at 12 o'clock, na ass.inblage of modern HOtUSEHOLD FURNITURE. and numerous Effects, under distress for rent. ay be viesrwed. and cataluehgie bu: 4the rooms. Hsnseloeld FAmiiisee. anl'otherEffZtcts - j R. HAWKINGS v"ill ;SELL, at bif Rooms, 6, LTi.cLisson-crome. Ifa,ylebone. on Friday. July 1$. at 12 for 1, the genuine FURNITURB. &c., icIuding Arabian; fousr-post, pres, and iron bedsteads. bedding, duster:, wardrobes, waeuhitand, glasses, Fe's of window curtains. cnharz, Iso, ding, and card tables. oouches easy chaira, curpets, handsome girardoles. bracket clock. china, plated urn, square piano. hagatelle board, 25 coal and cokre cache, dour-weighing machine, peramnbulator, and othereffectR. On view on Thurdlsyafter2 and morning of sale, and catalogue3 bad. Hoxton and.Tottenbam.-Freehold and Leasehold Houses, Shops, &c. for occupation and income. MR. ORPWPOOD will SELL by AUCTION, at the 31>rt, on Tu-rdar. July 22, at 12, iu 9 lotc, NOs. 9 (with possession) and 10, C.ROPLJE:YSTItEIn, Hoitori Non, 12, 13, and 14 tusro. ohartret. Hoxton taEbioSg in( Wivenloek-atec)et. adicinig; Cambrian Cot.tagse, M\arSddeld-.rosd, Face-green, T9ottenhain. M{sybe viewed 4tliose tenaoted by perminisaoni. and particulars had at Mr. Orn,rtoO-id's 6,tiTeOtn nOS,Art3BLlesy-parce, Slosbucy-squsre; Mart; and To Plurnlers rnd G)laziers Patties Fnrniahlg.L-a -- P- WH. V TLE wili SEL- -by -AUCTION, on-thei Prenetcs. clo-e to tbe Pal'asay Stati5u. Edmonton. on Monday, Jnly 2S. at 12. the valuabl- LEASE, at o.ly £1_ rent witb imnoeduate porseseton, of tne PItE:MISES, and the ¢o&lwill of tho old-established lumber and,tdiz:er's Bursne?ss 16 yearsa urcesefallycondca^tedby Mir.; Ho,zg: aleo,im lA-R, the remaining Stoc's in Trade-a-handsome pony. chaise, hirnece, and 051105 Clrt, togellhar vi:h the ca.pit7.l honaebo1 furniture, an.da variety of fifed,, Nayv bo vievei tel niorniag of male, and catnlosuec had onl the oremises, a.nd of the auctioneer, 'S, Old-strrnt, City-rood,. and Lower Iqisoroten. 8naresbrook, Eerex.-To Exhibitors Gdztlmen, Nurserymen, and others, - ^'fESSRS. PROTHEROE and MORRIS will SELL Lii by AUCTION. -without reserve, en the PremiEes, near the Ratae bein, Snaresbroelk, Ezsex, on !Monda. -.Tuiy 21. at 129 (hy order of the Executors) the rhole of the GD'B,ERENOU3S and other PLANTS3 i ncluding ahont 100 firze sPecimn,n of erlca ventriensa, envendnishit seeXtit dc;, epaer:s mniniatta, grandifiora, lesehenanltia, baxterimnaJor. tetratheca verticillata. pimrlis, chorore. ai, hopa ceNlsi. boronia pinnate, enviea indies, camellias, oranges, pelarg=oniums, fulchotas. c_ ntos, ha. MTaybe viewed the niominz of sale. Catalogues had on the premises; of the psinciral oeedemen in London; and Of the auctioneers, AmericaXn Nlirsery, Loylonstone E'csex, Fine Botanical Collectioin, Law and Sc:enti5e Library. Plate, Furni- * ture and ether Effeetz.-Bury St. Ednuund's. t[R. HENRY 1NEW'SON is instrtcted to SELL by A UCT1ON, on the 28th and 2rth days of unly, the FUBNITULE and other EFyECTS of the late Frands King Esgle, Bsq. The botanicl collectIons ore especially worthy of otie, andinclude herbarium, of fowering pl.ants, British marine and fre-h vater alge. and an imcuense collection of mosscs and lichens; nriano es regards the scientific skill and delicate man!pulation of their clcAication and arrangement, and their great nunaber and variety. The whole of the licbenaivriJl le m1Id In one lot, and are perhaps the be3t collection of this interesting ard comparatively little known3 serie of planDts ever offered To the public, and Invalanble to the privaite collector or to mu!eums. The liburary lAinddes Dnin5y hmndreei vehiinca of law reports fIn folio and iavo, So'rerboys'llotany. r.nd oilier scientUfi wvorke, c. The furnitue plate, I.e will 'ce told she flrs'dey, the hooks and botanicald col. Ctvent-gtadnlc '0datya befo3re thze sale; G^iat allthe MuseumiS in th loneer, Borg sit. Edmndm-'s, Ec A. -a-Meat.on Wednesdlay, J uly 23, i.t 1% a surerior -LERASHOL 1lFq.V1Mexceedingly well sitnate, hems for. a--tong terue RS sa.groesmxndst; let to a highly ,peetablotena.st. at;£51 yser.-- onio. Certain and advsntagresuainves.mient. PartscularanUCOnd1i- tioms at the Mart,.or,of th ancttioneer. 23, PQuIli7 - Valua.ble Reveson. jMjR. PETER BROAD -will SELL, atthe.-13!n' on WCm.aY.July23,st 2. Oder'cithe Mortpgseo; valuatble Cent. epecanton te dathof lad, aed 2 ;econd-tc; a loaxeholdestte es-ucig 4193perannm. x~sctatcm the death~ or' a Poultry.~~~~~~~~~~~Huere Hammeromitb.-.-17, Goldlhawk.tesrrce, liammermmitbh Nwrroad.- I ligible Iu"estusnt. Th4R PETER BROAD Vill 6EfLL by AUCTION, L.Lat the'SMart. onIWednesday July the 2b1. at 12 o'elool. by order of the Executors of the late o PAr . B. lil; well-bell. xnoderrlRESIDENCE of It rooms. rue gardees fsrcat and hack, delIghtfully situate, 17. Goldi,asrk-eraee, let to Silr. Ash. at a reutof£30 per annum. Considerab)ly below ita real veins; hl-ed for a long tern'. st a grun ent. PaTticUlars Of Me3ssr. Smith and Sun. solicitors, BarOhrdib-inn ; a t the If art; or of the auctiloneer._2a Poultry. ChelEs_a.-Plve L~eashlold Housas, Harriet street, Stanley-bridge,Produc- R. PETER ling dIS10 per anm MI'L PTERBROAD wifll SELL by AUCTION.. Ii.at the Marl5on Wednesday, July 23. atI2 12 op.2iI, 22, 23. 24, and 25. Htarriet-street., Chelseaweil let to good weekly tenauts, ProducIng £104 per annum ; all rates aud taxes amounting only to about £11, held forabout 90 years atlow ground rents. Stay I.e vieeed. rarticulare, and-catalogues of Sale at the 3lirt - or el tee auctioneer. IS. Reversion to a Tbird Part of the Sutn of 1,65 Consols mnd Reduzed -.Ananities,-Unerserved S1ol in two Iotsa-By Mr. PEtTER l3lROAI). A Reeraon t On-Thrd o £7000Consola ancd - Oe-Tird£7500RedcedAnuites.Let2.A Reversion to OneThid f £,05 lke tok. ll ecivlleon the death o1 tollito, 5 Ne-io, S-and attheMar; o oftheauctioneer, . Absolute Iterer.nlon to One-halt of3-Sths of thu line of £14,00, WAndt 1-5th of the Sees of £7,010 Now Three per Ceut, Annui'ies. payable on the death iof a lady-aiged 82 years. unreserved ralle,-bydirection.of Assignees unuder a list of bankrept-y. iN~IR. PETER BR' OAD will SELL, at the i¶dhit,o~n iLLWednesday. Juily 2-f. at 12, the abo'e valuable RCEVERSIONAItYINITERcESTS. Pasrticularsaad conditior,aof sale of G. J. Graham. Esqi.. 25. Coleesan-etreot . of Me=srs Linklater and Tlacksr.ssl. o!licitors, Sive-lane ; at the Mart: or of the auctioneer, 23, 1'oultry, city. Winchester park. Soutnwark. R. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, ikwithout reserve, at the Ma1rt, on Veilnesday. Juily 2-3. at 12, 13 HOUSES, Situate in Great Pump-court , Little Petmpecoust, &e.. near Union-street. Borough, prodlucing a ne~t amnnal rer.tal at £12S Is. 6&., after all expeuses are paid ; the Bishop of Winchester is of esss. ay nd wetlad, oliitos, i.Queen-square, BloomsNo. , 0,and7, S. May'sroad Peebas.-T-±ecfirst-ee.'s Re,ldeocs,wthIrg~ardas.Seexo nvetmets,and for Oceupa- U .PETER, BROAD will SELL by A'UCTION, iL tthe Mart, on Wedneslay, July 23. at 12, in lots the above THRiEE w-eli-built RESIIOENCr3. Nos: S and 7 are let to highly yespsetable tenanits, producin- £130 per annum. No. 6 is in hand, bUt -wJIl let at £60 p.r annum, eld for along term atground rents. The situation ia uarticularly open and healthy, and the property is in good repair. I'sriicnisrs anid conditiuno or Messrs Shield and Htarwood, Clsusent?&-line,ecity; a",ttioI Mart; or of the aucti.ssser. 28, Poultry. Bsrailas, near Hythe.- Lynsington; and Southampton. Hants.-Vala- able Pseehold Estate, producing £50 per ainunse safe and eligible tsete.A~bwolute Sale,by order or t, eMortgagees. TM.PTER BROAD will1 SELL by AUCTION .I t te art o Weneday Jly 3,at IS. a FIREEHOLI ESTAE, cmprsinga twne aeb.y, nll-oasu extensive Stores, ambing ree goun, lre ottges 3 cre o ru'y-cultivated Iaen eatae~Prtiulaszothercsiss ; th StrlHtel Southamptonn; No. 22, Lsebrolce-.qusre; No. 5. Great James-street, Bedford-row;, Xos, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, Aldcriba;n-terrace, rancras-road.---igible Leaselold Estates. for Investuient or Occupation -By direction of *the Execulasij of the late George Wangh. Es'. 4R. PETER. BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, iA. atthe Mart,.o Wcdnesday. July 23, at IS. inlet', a first-class geonteeanly RESIDENCE. 122 Ladhrote-squsare, of the value of Si:20 peronnum. A spaciousi House, 5, Great Jamies-street, Bedford-row, suitablo fur a town residence or prof,esional purposes, with coachbooine and stabling. of the value of £140 per annuim; and Fire Hous!&, withL Shops, in Ahlynbam-terrace, Pancras-road. produsing £174 per annum. Particulars and conditions soar be had of 'W. Fisher. Esq., 19, Doughty-street: At the Mart; or of the auctisoner, 23 Poultry. Ladibroke Villas3and Lad)sroke-lale, Notting~-hilL- irst-class Leas-- holds. by direction of the Executors of tho latt lO'athamiel flinchbitre. Es's. - i/R. PE,TER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednwesda July234 at 12 -in lets, POUR wellbuilt, Superior. sermi-detacbedi VItLYk hrESI>EIfCEs. Nos. s, 6, 7, and S. Ladhsroke Villas, Nettiug-hiii; let to highly respectable tenants, producing £243 per annum; und Tiso semsl-detacbesi Residences, Nos. I and 2, L.adbroke-place; let on Iese at s>snsais amounating to £169 per annum Held for Lug tinmsat. ,os ground rents. Particulars adconditions of Mu-ssr. Vine anod Rtobinson. sollicitors. Charter. house-square; of W. Fisher, E-sq., 19. Doughty-street, MeekleWu~rghsquare; or of tuie auctioncer, 28S, I'ou:ay, Kentishi-towm, Bris,tn, and Wallworth.-By dilreetion of the Mart' gagees. W)PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, Ap -.the Sitart. on Wednesday, July523. at 12, in four Iota, POUR wuell-bulit genteelI RESIDEVCE.4, Nor. 7, S. 9, and III, Carlton-street, Grafton-road, Kentish-town. The property is just finished is a superior style, fit for immedi-te Occupation, aod each house will realize MS 1;sr annsmu: h.elzl for about 25 years at lowr ground rents Also Eigh Leasehold Houses and Shops, in ]tobest-street, Briaton-road, all let to old anid permanent tenaa,st. Tpdudig £111 per annum-; anl FPour Howese sad Shops staeRichmond-place Est-street, W%alworth, let chiefly en lMeasetomezx0cellent tenants. producing £91 per annum, P~articulars andceniditlous of ~lfenss.Watson and SEes,solicitrs 12, Boverie-street, Fflet-s'treet, and Hammerssmith; at the Mat ado the auictioneer.2, Poultry. - Abs-olute iRevarslun to MeAney in the Pands, AI SSRS. BROMILEY and SON will SELL by Tr -AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednceda1-, Auzu-t 6, at 12, the ABSOLUITE REVERISION to a,3MOIETY of £478Os 5d. Three per Cent, Console, standling iu the names of highly respectatle trustees, receivable attliedeat of a ladevnowin herSith year. Particularahadof Mlessrs. J. T. ..nd IL. Badaelsy. solisit'rs 4$, Leman-street, Goodman's-fields; place of sale; and of the austioneers, 17, Commercial. road. St. George's east, I Shadwell. M~iESSRS. BROMNLEY and- SON will SELL by ILAUCTION,X at the Auction Mart, on Wednesday, August 6. at I12. ra ate INVESTME&NT of £55 per annuss, for _50 Xears, arising out Of two Eubstintially and newly brlit dwelling-houses,with shops, NOr. 6G and 117, Rich-street. Shadssell; let on lease ito .Is1s Brecht for a term of 21 years, at £eS per aunnum,ided under the ShadwellFlstate at a groned rent of£10, Slay beviwed. Particulars hadof A. A.3ones. Esq., Eoliritor. , 9.Qnslity-court, Choncery-Isne : place -of sale; andeof the auetioneeerm 17. Conmmerclal-road, St. George's east, Votes for South Fsssx.-To Small t3lists, Members of Building Societies and othsers.-Eligible Feo d Plropierty for Letting, Stratfoid. Esser.I ~jESSRS. BROMLEY., and SON, will SELL* by iII AUCTION, at the Mlsrtjs t-Wedneu;dsy, Aug. 6, at 12. by order of the Proprietor, in 4 lot-. NINEM nessly-built FRlEE[HOLD.2 HOUSES, Nos. 43 to 52. East-street, XqnbY-park. Stratford-grore,e-seh contasinitg Sir rooms, well tenanted, and producing a rental of £1l10 per annum, land-tax redeemed, May be vicsred. Paxtinsulars had at the Swan and King's Head Inn;, Stratford ; B3romley Alrms, lion-; Messrs. Sheffield, solicitors. 68. Old Broad-street; place of sole; and oftheauctionese, 17. Commercial-road. St. Gleorge's East, Kingsiand-road,-Furniture and Etfects ofM.Araa gr d's- ceased.-By 31r. MlASON. on Tuesday, July2 ontePeir,22, Baretholomew place, Hertford-roAd, by order ofthExetr, METS of Mahogany Chairs and Conche,lo iig 1KJ and Other tables, pedestal sideboard, infre apt,wno curtains, glasses, some plate, oratches. chinaadgas orps n ithser bedstead,, beds. nud beddinzs.doubleansilecstofdwrs Catalo-gues of the auctioneer, 8. Usion-cur. 511 3saa-Street. lfackney-marsb.--Sueprior Meadow Land.-By Mr. MASON, at the Mfart, on Monday, August 4, HFIREE acres of Freehold rich Mleadow Landl, in LSotI-mill Fleldl, close to the stile on footpath loading from Pondlane, Clapton, and nearly adjohising 51,-, Powell'.'nculozmxes. Partieniculors of -Stafford- Esq., solicitor, 17, Kieg William-street, Strand; at the White Hart. Claptoa .-nd of.Mr. MTason.9, Union-court,city. Hertford-rosd. Kingslandt riad. near the C=na-bridge.--Genteel Rest- deance with coarh-hoese, stable, andilar-egardn.- equal to freehold for 63' years-By Sfr, MIASON, at the ?lart, on Monday. August 4, by order of the execuitors of Mrx. Abraham Agar, deceased. ~HE House bas a frontage of 37 feet, with portico T.entrance.aned con'ains. on the upper story, four 1bed rooms, -irenslugroo, ad trgechia cose; goun flordinine room, breakfast pareer kishe, ad rasliose,andis o.22. Bartholomew-plane, Ben-o DoEeuvoj,Es'..far01reas eom11$,at 19 guineasper qnnu. whch s reeivd frm te Se adoinig huses, leaving this estae fee f ret, artculas o W.Gray Ess.,solicitor, TyscenBroad-ctre ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ nin-out,Ol TIcdield. Sussex, about m imes rom ewes, lii from, Haywvards-hrat2n. Iand nearly inidwu ewe Brighton iand Toabxidge-wells. -A capital Family Maso.nd6 acre3aof exceedingly rich land, freehold and land-taxrdemd 1 Bt SSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bond-street) have reilk meived instructions from the Executors to SELL. by AUCTIrON, At Garraway's, THIS DAY. Xuly 16. at 12 (if not in the meantime di.poerdotj a valuable FREEEHOLD ESTATE. lamown as Uckfleld Houise. a oronghly Substantial modaem-built mansion, adapted for a moderate-used faunlUy, beautifully situate, close to thu town of Uckfield. in an elevated but weB shellered position, and commnanding fine views Of the highly picturesque scenxery of the surrounding country, stanjding in the midst of itg pleasuregrounds and gardene,with productive orelsard, aon.urosoe by about 63 acres of park-liho land, Some of the best in the cozaty. bounded by the e.states of the late Lord Liverpool, with capitol stabling and eat-offices, said all necessary fermbuildingr, the whole 01brating a most perfect and desirable property, daianc an issse bals,hansom dresrng.dining, breakcfast, end 4pe1irable luvedtment:;-Cottages a" Nd elmdoyr Lwnd, situate at East * ' ' :-~coltz nefir Pin l.,idzlesex.' S SSl.S GREBY (25..)ld '-Bond-street) . have .re Y.I ceired znstructiona ffoni the axEcutirs of ote late Mr. Johr Page to SEL by AUC'TfO1. at Garrawv.ay's on WVednezday, Aug. 6, at-5ai-in-twolots-a--desirablo-OPY4IOf,D iROPERTY coniprQiinE Qot 1) five cOttages and-gardenSa in the occipatlon of Yearlyten%nte, with orchard. two-barns, .zud~a valuabi,e:enalosure.ef three. acres ol meadow land in the rear thereof, the wvhole proincing a rental of clieul XE3lper nmum. ALso (lotb2 Eill Field, near the abovee.avaluable encl'sEure ef pasture, contasining about feur acres, zir thoocez.zation 01 Her.eioliamhPorter, at a rent of £12-Daeofunums.. This pepcrsty is Iitnate in Fre strek t o ane, Eary staot, ie the county of tiddlee, about three naileo fronaz the S?inucertation, arid five miles Irons Uxbnidge ar d Itickmzanswrortb. Particulars may ho obtained a' the. inu near the P>inner Shtetjn at. Garrowsp'a; *,f Edwirn Smith, Ea., solicitor,2, Cloisters, T.eempla; and of Messrs.Green, estate agents end actlsuesines. 2S, Oldi Bond-street. : . . I eretordabtee.-Valuable Freehold E3lete of neatrly Ll1C0 ares ir w ell w iieFam,lith amnederate-siZed nely-budlt Reridenre, sctand- pn sko nearlY 100 acres, tn-the centre of thedosmain. ]l.YESSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bond-street) have re- cved instructions toSE3LLby AUCTIMO3, at arrawa'son Wednesday, August 6, at 12 (if not in the mean time disposed oI,1 a valuable and important FRIiBEIOLD ESTAT' eituate in the parishes of St. Wleooards6 Garway, and Oacop, in the county of Hesreford. eight rsSg fresM Ross, eigbt miles fom Mloumouth. and ilthin five end a hslf hours of London. comoprisng a handome sitone-built resident, BorthgaaHeHonse. Dewlyand expen3ively built. of moderate izie, but easily csapable of extension, standing is the midst of welt-timbered par-like land, and surrounded by the cepit%l farme }Bnoow.n as Ehliear. Peverannon. Old,.ld. ifoat. and Tomain's Fleld, in all coepehenldin' nearly 1,100-acres Of roL meadow, pasture. armble. orchard, end woi land, In iij e1 Ilent farm-houtes ent homeateads, water ornn g6st usil. c-tottages, ;d atepofesSeS rray advantages, the lands iegwiith southern a6pi. dyBil, excealen; einate, end the situatIon is one of the buet in th5 is7V tarrqueeandhautifulcountY-. The rezidenco and home farusor l cres (of which nearJ, IC0 acres are park) beingre ined in hand,with eve ;' e,tb for immediate poccesaton, the ProPerty presents itself PA a capita. estate for iuexpcn3sive residenem, combined vwth a firs'rate inv estment, the residue of the lands being in the occupation of highly respectable tienants, end the whole presenting an estinated rental or upwards of X1,500 per aanur,. The estate is intersected by the Garron. a capitol trofit Elr&am, aid ans outbing portion compriste about 25 acres5i rosentically ritusat eppesite to the Graig-hIll, asa descending to the alley of the Monnow, affording half-a-mile o first-rate fishingin that celebrated trout river. Tihis portion of the estate presents a ringlarly elegiblesite for time erection of one or m ore fishing villas, and is within tw:omiles and a half of the Pentnilsa Station, on the Hereford and Abergareeny aitway. The country aronmd aboundswith dsligbful rcenery, the estate affords good Shoo'.ng, and there is capital hnting in the neighbourhood7. Particulars and mope may shortlybe obtainzed at tho pnineIl hotels ir Boss.s Herefordt, Mionreouth, andielocestee; ats;rr3vawya. of Messdrs. L,eman and C.o., solicitors, Lincoln's-innfields: and of Ne.-.rs. Green. 28. 012ood-street. Leasehold Eltstte. IfR. PEAKE is ordered to SELL by AUCTION, IJ at the Wart, om Wednesday, July 30, at 12, ih lets, several L,EAKSEH}OL.D ESTATEBS, situate in fioulthwark and Bcrmeadcey. producing in tire aggregate £fi62 10.. her annum. Hield at low ground renle. P,.stieulars obtained of Mfessrs. Symnes, Teesdate, and stadi- lads, solicitors, a3, Fcnchurch.ntreet : Messrs. WilloughSy, Cow, and .eord, s7liditore, 13. Clifford's-ton; F. Wilinott, Eeq., seceitor, 7ifghstreet, Boroighia M7esses, Joncs and Wriaht, solicitors, 9. lawrrence l5uontu-hill kr. Seamnmes, eloleitor, 22, Hlarp-lane ;atthe Hart; and a: Mr. Peak.'a Oake#, 44, Toolsj-ete, ffoutlhwri. Torpnl-Mers, uallders.,.aetInabr Oeaohhi'ders, a.,'t o'S.l k -Charlea-Etreet. U.smptead-rc,lad. - .J.JR- W-' p XwZLASIE: is instr.acte& to StLL by t2 101.or h T ot'.o h rnsa i bvs<.Tts^.Ji2, at i#2- .riCapitld ad wellseseon,,d rTocI* coapriling 1,1 , .q]d ecndspwc atit pinte plank. 300 best and secczd p!Le den's nl bittes.10,1 Clsbrisaianja yellow and white dea&l, 5,500 feet CEba end Ondueas ma'* esry inblo dsof ario-.tliiculesse,250.squErqs whtte 3.d yellow to'zr boards, 12.000 feet wide pine 1anel board. yellow and ,spruceuinwrtedrg, &c. Miy be Yie,ed th,day prieor and moronig of aUPte auCItdCugesbadon the premises; t GAurrawaj'W; and of the auctioneer. 41. Charing.rrosa. FOur rhhdCot*agee.F,Fer, Snnrey.-Votea forthi.e-urty. ;rt4R. We R. GLASIER-will SELL by AUCTION, at t.'array's, on Tuiesday. Jul]y 29,. at, 12 for 1, in two lot.,, FOU LIR FREE OOLO) COTTAGES, with good pardens. pleeasntly ,sinate'at(leyrate. nearEl4ser. Sayr,v, lettoIeetly tenaut, at renta auInun-tnuto -239 peranunnm. Masy 'ne siewicl by permission. and g,irtculaia Dorj~ P. Tritten, Req, rolicitor, 3, Thr-ee Crown-cItre, o'utbark; of bfr. Janies iferriel. hoaue agent. &c. Ma%drket.-plae Kistrton s at the arinr apd ITonuid, Cleygate: OrleAns Arnn, Ditton Marsh._t Garrc.,ys; and of tbheneltiecer, 41. Chbrine-er-L fil l-ankrup-cy.-Su stantizl det .cbel Freehold Hoase, kowu astte Wheatbseeaf. m.d Two Plots of Freehold BldiAnM2 Land, adjoining . Pri'igt-road, Bsttersea 'gfd. W. R. GLASTER will SELL by AUCTIOXN, att Garraway's, Tuesay.uly 2, tl 2 forl, in three lots, by airectin of the Aesigneue of Mr Thomas Walanel. a banlkrnpt ad milr.l the coneentof the Slortgsgees, 'he ca'ltai FtEEHOLD hlESSUAGE, built for a publiehmowe, and- known as the %Vheatsheaf. situate at the junetion of the Bnrige-roRd with Sarrey-lane. Battersea, Snrren-close to the new park, and contlbeAg qr4uious-ar. bsr-parlnnr,paurlis. tap roGnn, four bed roomrs. kitchen. andampnple cllarace. with gard,n ;also t o lOiatof freehold building land Adjoining. each'havin9' a1ronta.eof l9feet 6 outho Bndrig2 road. May heviewea, and particnlars had of -Mr. Fdwd Paiu soli)2tor. 5. Greshmra-ptreet city'y of Mr. P. A llaunrtt, solicitor. 29. Qseien-equaro. Bloosebmiurny* on the prenises - at Ganraway'; and of the auctionecr. 41. ChAring,eoro& Ne'r.e -s.m, and Old iceat.roarL-lc-eelmold ani.LeaTehold lonses. ThuR : . II. GLASIER has received jnstrUctsons to F.Sl.T.by ATOTpION at Garraay'es. on TjesdAy. July 29. at 12 for in IOletR, the following ellgibleIltEEHOLD and LEASB- a.uL ROEBTY c 7mmrisine the very desirable reldemc. 7,. llmoamc.anteroacee. New.-eros., writhehaise.hons aht st.le in themrs;r twro wvell-built houses. Nns. 1 amild 2. Ilendmy.roa& OldKfemaProa: c r d rseven huns, NOs. Ito 7, 1 two hm vian sh21 se produing a rental of 3f-4 per ann;im l held by leac- s fnr long terms. at loirgyomeed rente; :toethec with It capital small freehold huses, NOB. i and fi lisir:es-gtreet. sand lfos G to 10. Burt place,' Oldarlee-stulet, Asylnm.road. Old KZent-ro.ad. prod/utiog £104 100. per annum. Maay heneviewedby pennioion- (No. 7. lTatchrm.-terrace. by ca ondo01). r_md partienlare h3a of Mlessrs.- Eloie and Snow, ws,licltors.- 2., Colleu-hl.1 snenon-stree'. ad ,.of:he anutioucer. 41. Chmarlnr.ernss Flouir. MESSRS. FULLER and HORSEY are instructed 1.I-to SELLT. by AUCTON, at the Castle Tavcrn. Mark-lane. in lets, on Mond ay. 3 dy 21. at 2 for 3 preicsely. 4.800 barrels and sucks ItAN FLOUR, ex andry ahims fromx .Newr York. incending 2,100 extra narerfue and superfine Ohio 00mm,, and 1.000 senn-ads. suita3ble for liscuilt bak'ers. To be view.ed in hul1;, and samnple seen luntil te sale. Ca*atouues may be had at the Custlo; and of Mfessrs. Fuller and l3 rrev. lhlliter.s.rcet, city. * -'-~~~~ - ~ Flouir. M ERSSRSo FULLER nd EORSEY =are instructed to PELt, by1AUcTtOIf, at the Castle Tarerim Mark-lanp, on hudar July 21. at2fer3 precisely. in lots, L.O85harrels3InAMERIAN [FLOI;R cxs,tyof hiohile. Mfarshall. from New ork snndo rMecnaule lying 'at MTessrs. Ad-le and So'ms Cole'e wbarL Unnsnelydovva. May be viewveil In the bulk: tilt the sale, and sanmples seeD st the anctioneer's ohnee. Ctlsns-es mesy ho bad at the Castle;. and of Messrs. Fuller am.dl Hiorey. F,iht'r.street. d ts., Tlo Iro-mnongers. Cabinetmalers. and others. j{ESSRS. FULLER and-HORSEY are instructed t to SELL by AUCTION, at the Saled Hooms, 28. Leaenballste et, on Thesday. Jily2. at 11. in lIts. without resrce, r -c.nwed forthe cOnvenience of role, a SToc K of -tONhfoNr^FSEY, inudt inwhg ct loc'ss: r;rought and castjhine an assortmen t; of cabinet Hsework, tvwo tons cast and shear steel, Sheffield and Lancashire tnooLs, CO llilston crinidotors, two to.neersttoigo, £5re.isier and Rumf'ord stove,, black holowt wvvare, two gas ehaudoliieas, and a genecel assorten ,t of ironmongery. To be iewved on Ilfonday prerions to the wille,rwhen cats. issu>es co-.y he h-.d, at the rooms^. and of Mfesrs. Fuller and Han.ey. E.lliter.ctreet city. Cienrwich,-Capitnl Balee's ShoP, at a gronud reut of only .£1 per arnnum, elioihle for OCeiiatiooD. ESSRIS. TOWNSEND and-lVYNN will SELL by £1_ AUCTION, at thehlat, on Tuesday, July 52° at 12, by order of t.he Mcrtagees- a brick built DWPELI,I.'.G HOUiE, with nmodern bakrer's sbop anid Dremnioee,'at th e corner of ltfilee-street. Trafalgar-coad, Greerrwich, hey be view ed. -Partiu:lars of E. W, .Janes, EFt., rolicitor, 1 a, liurney.street, Greenw ich, or of tho auctioneer, els'en-cw3rott, Greenw ich. Hainpstead-cesd.-Twa long Leasehold Residences, with gardens, at very low varound ren-s. JjESSRS. TOWN SEND and WINN will SELLby LFtAUCTIOM, atthe Start. on1Tuesday. Jnly22. atl2, Nos S and DC' Frop s-terra, liaHspAt-ad-ro ad, near the Cana'-brilge and Railway Stat:ons, let to Tessrs. Tootill and Wdwards at £36 e2cb. eay be viewed. Particulars now ready of A, . Bristow, Esq.. s,licitor 15, Losdo.-strect., Greerwieb. or ofthe auctioneemr. Neson-st.,(reenrnicsh Old Kent-road.- Capital Investmeut. 139ESSRS. TOWVNSEND and W Y NN will SELL by .AUt(TION at the Marzt on Tuesday. ;July 22 at 12, FOUR len2. LEASEHOLD DWELLUfG HrOUSFS. Nos I to 4, Princesplace Church-street, Old Kent-road, let to Mtessrs. Ward, Spencer, -Rosser, aud East, at £18 eachh. 'ay be viewed. Particulasc of J. Alexander, Esq.. soUcitor 6, South-street, i'nsbury-square, or of the allctioneers, Nelson-treet. Greenwich. Astrwnomical ird Opticl istrunts, 72Table r.,psor ehh.ice uoreign - - '.I rb)", and 14 panels of Ornamental Stained Wlas. AESSRS. BULLOCK wMl SELL. at 211. High I L bolhorn. on Saturday uext, several vaIdlakle TELESCOPCES or high porer for astronomical purpos. ethers for the navy and tourists; -anl airpuinp, andaNadiety ofihe,erestingand umdt.ellaneousproperty. May be viewed, and catalogues 2iad the daT prior. Eilegant lnsbhold Eff.ct-s of foreign and English make, patent double- acton Flarp, Cabinet and Picoolo Pianos, Percussion Double Gun, Blronzes. 30 nozen of Winme.ac., -3fESSES. BULLOCK will SELL, at their Rooms, 211, igh Holborn. on Saturday nant. nt 1.cacital HOUSE. lOLD FIURN 1TIE; ineln3iog a lady's wardrobe with ebeval gles door, French and Arabin bedsteads, marble dressier etands, rsets. &lsaecs curtaims. heanttul nrspoterie and boulc eabinets,drawingand inz room aud library tables and chairs, mantel cocks aid ursmenl-, china, a-perior plated itenms, c, May ho bievcd, and cara10i2rLs bad on Friday. City L:eaebolds--Uper Tbames-street, held under the Dean and Chanter of St. Paul's, at £1 per annum ground rent, IWESSRS. BULLOCE are directed by the Mr- tgagceeto SET. at tho lMfart. WedneMdayuext, 23dltest, at 12 for _, a w rseeslre i improved ItENTAL of £51 per annunm. derired from reecentl erected worebonoes and lronisscs, in the occupation of Deane, Drary, and aCO., and ficchinson and Co., Swan-lane, Upper Tnare_oh-et, part und er-l t for the whlole tecra i28 years unexpired). at £5 groiind rent, aisdthe remainder nt .ie per annum. on a lease havin: 502 yeara ta run, after which period a largely Increaced rent oran nlequat Premumn many be ebpected for tbo remaining ternm. P'artlrcu .ars may be had of essrs. Smitl, and Shepherd, oliitoro, 15. GoldenrOsquie: at the oart: and of obe anctioncers. 21U. Hiigh Holborn. hlington and Clerkenwell. ABBOTT is instructed toSELLbyAUCTION' sIFt tbe Anct:, n Siart. a. I precisely>. an Tuesday. 3Jiiy 29, in tbrec lois. TWO t PRIVATE HOISaEO, NU, 1oO. 21 and22. Vnrcentterrace, Biver-tr-see, IAingten.lIest- most respectaMble I -ly tenants at Lis a Year, held for an unexpired termnof 69 years,at a ground rent - of £6 a pear ecnl. 1S hoIoses in Rlhrtterane, BeI Zion-stroet. Clerk- enrecll, and let to weesly t, ants. atrets amnnounting to XiS 12, a year, held on lease, 23, years of *which are unexpirnL at a ground Ject of a l2s. 4d. ayear eacb. May be viewed en application to the reveral tenants- P.rictulari and conditions of sale may be bad on the oereral prenn nme: at the Auction Mrrt ; and o,f Mr. Abbott, 2i, Bedford-roew, C,rav'-in.]ale, anid Eypneshrmy. 8t. YNtW. Hunts. Iong Leasehold Prvperty iland-tax redeemed). at a trifinc ground rent, v.ithin a short rido of the citr.- nroherst-road, Shacklewell in the parish of St John, Haekuer. with a view over the Downs, and in the bealtbiest district in the suburbs of London. AltW. ABBVOTt is instructed to SELL by AUC- tIf TlfOM attheMlrart onTuesday,-Tuv29atlOwl oc'rkpreriselr, Alf llERST-H1OUSI ao eveellent detaheb lresid.rce. bult mnst uEabstantially, withinthel S eightyears, bytheprerent i-see, purposely for iDS ewn iu,e. vith a west fronazer to the ron, 'f 100 feet-: a large g4rdmn, ebiacel,v plnted sith wal and other frit trees nor ir. full cahrin4: a abs heond, detathied c'acha-house, two-stal sblin-, brew- once, washhouse. an-d open sbel: a puraD and well of pure sprsiwater. In the occupation of fr. James Lea, thepropri2tor; e'timated to ibe wnrth £75 a y ear; held on lease direct fron the freeholder, for a term of 99 yeas of which SS6 ere unexpired rtChestman last, ata ground rent of £6 a year. To view apply on the premises.between 10 and 4. Particulars, with conditions of sale, smuy be had of Mesrs. Parker and Co.. solicitors, 17. Bedford-row; of ife. Lea, on the preraiFer; at the .5art; and of Mr. Abbot, 26, Ecdfo d-row, Cray's-inn, and Eynesbury St. Neoot, Hults. To Dramers Silk fRcerse Sbip,rm. ad others- 1R. THOMIAS HEM IJiNG. will SELL by AUC- TIO TION. at his Room,, S, Pilgrin-street. Ludrate-hill. on Friday next, 15th .luly. at 11 pla,nctunsly. ricel SiLKS. shawls. Cobonus- Cireesfiano. long-cloth; calicoes, and otheruewusefulgoods. Onviowon Thtuodser.lneoxt end ca'isl,enes lied.- - Souna Buildi,g Materials of E'even HronaeF, heingNaos. DSaand llf, J1iicli.treot. Shnrediilch. andl Pson7s.eonrt. MR. GAIRDN'ER will SELL by AUCTION, on iYV f the enms, To-morrow. July 17. at i2, the IfATERTAlS comprisins 250..i00 bricle pen and plain tiles, thuhber fooriuc, lecAd ansi zinoe guttrs fitings- fixt,ires plat2 glassnshapfro.to, and useful effects- car hes viewed the dey prior to th,e n-l. CFatalogues had attlie oGfices i- EMhessrs. 3.R. ansI H. Clutton. Whitehall-place;rand of Irde.fGairdoer, Iss. Toitnophamneoirtsr,wO rducu. Bironrzes, lOhoocases aud Cunters, Rides, and Misce'laneous Articles R; J. C. STEV:ENS wil SELL by AUCTION, at bL;great Room. 3& Kinc-etre't. Cov.nt garden. on Fri,v, July 18 at I precise'., a MIStIC LLNEOnU cOLLC7rFON, inculdin f6ue French bronzes in grOuDa and ringle3 feiure3 expensive snd well-made ebonized show-cases filled with plate-21sas, adapted for the dispLay of warsig of art, Wo so;id counterste suite, antique jewellery. 4gyptian and. other curiosities, turning lathe and tools, capital rifle by Forsytbe for ?dcr stalking. two rifles (Gilby'spiten'.)bu3lior scales. Grreasy. whirling table, AttvrnoWds mnachine. mlnersa. abeLs b-ss., and nisnW.sl'anies. Mo' he viesved on tbe day irier, and catalogue had. n,t-c!sa,s Wine ..d Spirit EAtablisheuent. aIumets-.nmromb. I-SSP.S. B3AtTOT ;and SON wiU SELL by AUC- A.fW TIOX, at Gr.rrar.afF. THIS DAY. July ll, at 12, the vaIun able LEASE and GOODWILM, with possessaion. heiMforPs t.rnm of r2,icb 3li years were umexpire at March let, of the THRE CO'fnASSES. most centravll situate in the busiest Part of the New-cut, Thaolsetb,andheldat the moderiterentof;elOdperannum. Thoae.- k-nowvliged superiority of tho situation of this house, amd Its vunwn capabi titst in goed hands, must At all tinis cnnmssud ene oftbe most egtentive tr.deg of any in its immedate vicinity. The premises may ho vsloved Ii days prior to the salo and particulars hr.d of Mes PownaU. Sin. and CGoes. solicitws, Staple-inn. Hnlborn ; and at the aRntisneeri ofed-es +7 Cheltenbann-nlaxx. Westmini ter-rnad. Lamn eth .Io.-lslda roiur-an,d Efofcts. iunludl.gaspleadid Drawing -Room * . Suite of exqui4te PariMan nManufacture. - .-f'R. FL SOWDON will SELL by AUCTION. on' ;1i tl. o'Prcent&s II. Trafaglrc-road. Old Ren-'road near the Ld' Relson, Tomsnrrw IThursdar). July 17. at 12. the modenm lOU8EHOLD FU}tNITDUlE (a full decriiption of 'sbihb was advertise on -the 12th inst..l consL-tingof a dra ing ronm snite of first-clas Parizian manufacture csvered in a medaUion-pattern Tournay of tbe richest texture, The dining room suite is of rich Spanish mabogany. The hed roams are fusuisbed with mahoganv and iron Pari-isn bedsteads, with the usual furniture, clocks. candelabras, &c., and kitcben reeni.rite3 I-fey he viewed to-say ansImorning~ of sale, and catalog.es tobo b3d on the premises, apd at ?ir. R. ilowdon's auction and estate offices, 2°. Ifoorgatc.treot. City. and Oomnmercial-housa. Old lentroad N c70 hos whih is in complete repir,to he let. Under a Bil of bale: Hicks v. Iill."-Cammnercial Sale Roams, 45, - Pbrrhgzdon-street. onc eor from Holhorn.-Ahewlute Sle, I/ESSRS. GREEIN and SON will SELL bv A(.;- lTLTTORY. at their Rmonms. as above, To-morrow. July 17, at 12 for 3, the ST.iCK and EFFE-rS of a GROCER: comprsing fine tea, coff&ee, sRawr, spicee LOOIb,genuine finemusta-d, beams, veigbts, les, conter.. gas fittings. trucki, !:c Alo, under a bill of sale, the ceassins Honehold Furniflture. e pom ing ir: n and Flrench bedsteads, Lastherbads, mattregses, baedding.-nmahezanY ohests of drawerA. dressiogstlaooee, weEIa-stC7s and fitte?rs,. brIlliant-plate elihnney-glarses, eouchcsea say ard other charirs mahogan?y loo table, obelfoni-rs, sidehoard. carp?ets, rugs, fenders end fire-irona, ero1zhe-y, china, glas3, and otber effecs. Ma:y he Vi?Vwedthe day Drier and moning of sale, and catalogues bad attheoroom-, an?d at the auctioneere' imfflces, 18, Hattengarden, ffTho,-o,n Berishire-T'he 3miden ,sni t s wits,, iMl Conrt. a meet coan6 -t Frcehol'l Domaia of 1396 ameri. fnslw)ing the Mansioee and Raik. reteral Farms. lumerous Ifoneme and Co'tagem with the Maner nf ihdgeauni sstuateon tle Huigerford line of tie Great Wes'era Railwr, -nlly one muilo from the Wooelampton StAtion, and 11 miles 5~JE,SSS. HUMPEsREYS and WALLE have receired inO,sctrionss to SELT, by AUCTION. at tha SMart, on Tuiesiay, July 29. in one lot, tle above Important lt.IMAIN, wh!ch forms one of the moet complete and inviting esta%i' for 'eeiflence and inreoteeot in tho conmty, lying as it coes entih.ely a ning fence, the mansion and pask neaxty in the centrethe f6 ncrcosonodionus reedence adapted for a nobenian's or gentlems'es ~ttablt'lsh,ent ind the lattcr hbestifuliy umdulaling and varied by *ctOlw timber end ply.utoimen, and by a. sheet of water there hse3ng &pL°i ch if nrdirecion9byznod road3 lcadingtliros;b the fanns and ee>65~ ansereslocng to tbo property bte espectOr the mr.adon and gene lelinstieod of the ewtto bein towards the sonth, and nomV:nRdingfinev. wx sore's the rt!ley of the zenoett to t.he hills and WoodiOf WVaslngand 2ithClerem withthefAmu3hire and7Wiltshire flowne in the distance; the .1qsJ oormpristngsome of the richest-lani. Intheecounty,endbeing-letatl.:e-site toArwnperiorclasot- tenantey the houses and cottages Vr.tA.kin Jr degre% of the IaDt chese. terlstics. and there neino the f tnrhb Atir,CtIOns of excellent irout fishing and fir,trateshoottng on theeatatO. and f usnsutreelsbsnting arrangemcnte in the relenbourhood. The whole d6 in ph6ve is freeho'd,-except l3 ac-es held of the-Dean -an ChapterCf- Wetaninte and tho enanor andrectoriel -tihawill beincludedinthe pur chne..TLe Wess. a5ot0t 110 acre, are in hand. One half of the purchase-money oay remain onmortiage if defied The esotate may'e viewed tillthe asia ,exep' t.ho nsaneion 5andzX pMk's, . ey uc ardi firom the Yurtloneere are ncrmars Theee an ><pastisuews. wrt plans, willbe forwardedl tost free) onappiioth' 5a5to e Memphrt,reand Wsllen fiS Old ttroSlslret.s eitz Piiwlua ma alEsLo stOw be had of Itfciers 1'atham, Upton. Urdon and Johuecn; tolicitore. A ustinfnlars, at the Chequtri and Wlsite Hust HttesJt New busrY Msgit lisigeokei; Bearand, tlcia~ruaig Yamoel Aua and Axsgel, WI Brewers, Victualiers, anD otbers.-Lo eaehold Pcsllc-nouse. 'VESSRS. held at a gromd rent. ,_ESR-S. CRAFTER and SON wUl SELL by LEAUCT FQY, aGArrawAY's, on 'Wedneo4oiy. July13 = tl2. ins two into, thatwellct.csuate PUnL}CTHOUS kur i s theLl of Waxwirlt. Warwick-street, Woolwich; let at a rental f50 Teraum aDdheld biirate forr50 years, at a gronreed of £3 1i5, Ale teb ehabtautalty built Prensimi callSd the Rome and Creown beer-houce. sitnate in Bolwatcrcrecent. Woolwieb. close to the Maxine Birracka. ay be viewed, and particulaes obtasueeaonx the premises:z at Garraway's 1 0 Ilens- Lyons, Borneoe and Edti rolicitors 7. Spein-ardens; s and of the auctioneers anao.tato agents, 4. stnrnfsdtreet. Cotsshetd.-Coloheoter. liea,-Bs C. PBr-STON, JUn.. by order ci -- the Mortgage-. on Friday, UPsthof July,- Ii.tthCastle-Ian All-Saints'. Coebester. TTHR3EE Cottages, Ooal-yard, Landimg-place, and Oyster-ptt it Esast DlnsAnd -eboutfourmi;esfrom Coleheter. May he viewed nry day prior to ale on ap plicticn to thc tsum,t Particulars may be had of M e Tuoei and Boar, rsoieltoro, Oj. ci&eter; Mr. Charles Begbic, solicitor, 33. Eszexstreet, Stranrd Lon. don: aus of the auctionrer. 1 and 10. Wych-str eJ Strand, Lonion. itesniugion-To Pl?ml ;Petr,ad ths-Ise isrsu o Mi'xes.-400 Pieces o atraga.aFibn' aetWihn Rtacbin-t, a Bolton'sPen tr,(a Chadle,anfooeoc Itritc anddr Enl elobo. hAL BRYANT ill SELLr bylATITION, at -He ±TS'Roome, H. =-'s Tarern. Kenninctoo- on'I'headsy. July 17, at 512 aIbqut2r4)into of genuine HOUSEHOLDJ FURNITURE.Iand RPFETf,of he sua decrities.May-bedewed. Cataloguesbad at the Sale Iwonins; and at Idr. S riaVt's anction.-oMces, Xennington £o.9 Stnhup-plce. ennusne, lyde-pZsrk.-Gcn,u.. Fur*_jture Painejigs, Teiravigs. Lrselt'oratent Stee and lFeo. 1 ' IFIUsDERICR A. MULET wll E b Li AUCTION, ass the Premisers above. an :3rnay. the Itetist nt 2.2 (tholesee bringbeendqosraa of.) the genuin FlUqiTURt -comprrsmng thensusalbed chamber appendage&L dring and di .rronappointrpentr; cbimney glasssc Bmrusels c , rugr- fender. |on Saturday protoand meing o sale. CataXlngueoha,on thepremites. ansd at the auctioneer's of r es. to AIhion-place, llysd-park-s.t~ Friture, RCrit eygloos, Itrcke Clss isoo-e aint-ngs, I J;r 5 PrLutf ocks di dezn6n ofk Capagnoe>, Sc. nru6 |1OPLISs SO, aand H DI1f Will SELL bv t AUilJCr[dX. at their Rooms. 16. St. PsuPa cnrel'sael. THIS DAY. Ju3y16. atlpunct.wSy, gUttNr?IJRE; comprising the usual eoambar appendagea, winged wardrobe, che6ts of drawers, chirs. conucbes loo and card tables in rmahoganyand rotewnod ehiney and frrilt gisres. capital braclket clocks. 61s cattage PtanoforteZ paintlng frame t"prints, a few hooks, 25 dozena Chaman,ad'ncloen itEms. May ho dewed the day prereding. and catalogues had. o.3,Dla~mere-~ereet. srowrtd near Wstoretrc monrb, Hyde-parlr.-Sile on P 1i-lay, July 16. at 12 for .Capitol Modern Forniture. Soc. M4ESSRS. WEL-SFORDrj and Co. wil SELL by AUCTIO. the EFIECTS of tbe shove RESIDENCE onr anday. the lSth instant, comprisng Arabian aud o'ber bedstoea. C!6an beds and beddin' marble,top wash-stands, and tabl's. toiletand clieval glasses, wrardrel-b(; Zke .a hadsome drawing room Suite, plateglas back- cheffomler, a rosewood cottog Pianoforte, two elegant cabinets, bronzes, and ornamental artuics caorved and gilt f-amse chrey gasse of arg dimensiol.s for the daigaddnn om i-i inngan beafstremsofSpnihmaonycir neahr Jeweller,-.-The Stock of Mes Dismore and Sons. ijFESSRS. BLOGG and M TIN arc directed by |IY. Mess.s. Dismore and Sous (who are retiring from lusncs) tc SELL by AUCT10 at tbe Reoms, 21. Ohd Bond street, on Wodnee day and Thursday. JDly 23 and 24. vhe wbo]e of their uTOnIg ol JEo ELIE1.Y which is of tha ht,ghest lass, both as r,gards qualita oSvso'd, taste, any cicelenco of woreaodship It comprises a great bariety of eery description o' OmantS. including spring, eh.stic banld, sod other bracelets, enamnelled with Sreat taste. anl set with brilbants and precios stones, an ol3stic Pcroll band, richly set witb brilliants and emeralds. sereral ebamelion bracelets, enameled in variols colonums brooches lockets, necklelsn os. stud and watstoo35 buttons, in gald, and set with gems. An assortment of mnrain" jie-llery, parily -st with iamonds and pearls. an tLe new psttern girdle centre, with the registere; lasp for Ixing tbe rihandin rsieion iffay.be vieweid the day previous to and mornings of sale. st tbe rooms, 21J QlCd-Bond.street. where oguesmsy b b n tioneerx 3. Euclileel,urv.-rtw. Gloco5teC-terrace, dea Ifyd=.-S perior ISModern FOnitiire IMR. nGEORGE DEEKS begs to 'nnonneelthat he NP iSLb&UTO oxtermsr99.(Iloceoterterroe on Tocoday, July 22. ad oiwr a.~t1 o .tewoeO h superiorinodenipURENTUE: co -prin,gadavi a win-o,aiNralnut wood, of elegsnt desmigo centre. l J adonn=«ara,io Ot'*leo eh2 efornier, mdrqueteric cabinet. papier mach6 chair. tea-pey, work-table, wbe, note, M 6octavq cot ge ianezeeteIn- t eoetbleoia consolettableand-lase.-twol ,se3chande1erforyeg choteeornsments _c ;setof l9Spanisbmahocany-dniisgro,mbha, easrchaor3.ma7ft1. pedezto1oideljeazd, aetof ehtendhifreaieDdiuio ahl easca3ft 6n. id &e.n;Aiins ster,elvet.pile,urid other carpetsandr roge.rr-maoeln eu d rteel fender, sets of window-zcurL-ie;=Aiablkd Sjd f6dsir.pe.t bdtieadc tand b agingg pring bodsa ar tec feather bP anddelen bed-hog, winged wordxobe; * ,uero!,e. eith -6ccewd plateeheval an o,e glne, adtseinlit-ctt frte serens ksleeu urencis eondoueroos othern lect-. To b3 eiowedthe da rniFes, and at the auction and estst oi2cne.* if Albion-atret, ye o a4.enre. ns. ,lye emereseaue.-lmpoitant Maznors, Fsrmr. enelon o aiEb, Advow., eon. and FtatDtie er^e the cityof Bris. j/lESSRS. FARGUS wvill SELL by AUCTIO, att the Wlite Lion 7DD, Brictol. on Thursday, the 7eh ly of Aunest. un' res e previously disDoeed f h-v vriea;e con l at 1 o'dotk in the aiternoon. the *velaab a BEHOLD aMA OIi, sdvowroa, farmr lands, cottages, and esta0ea. late the Dropirty oFJames Adam o0rdon. EM-L. deceased, by order of his Trauceec. sub'ect to such en dit!onas Uw-ill thtD be Produo;d tend in l16oet, or' en otheri S. Oay be determined on at the time of Sale :-It 1. The ltansion Or tliEb, withsita pleassre grounie, gardons, woods. and aRpurteuwnees. t"gether withthe nOme farm. sitnate in tbe sereral phblsheii of Clptou. Potbury, and-Wraxbhll, ind conDtiniogtogether,according tothe tithe-admeasurement, 2i20a. Ir. 23p. The mansion nf Waish is surrounded by delghtful pleasue grounds, is f teate On 1 lofty eminenco, about ci;ht miles from the city of Bristol, contulsg rapitl snates of rooms and all sitablo and convenient officee. is nt consplete riiP.lir. and it for the - ,,tdenc of a family of distinction. The views from the house and plen. surg grounds re beautifal beyond description, they overlook the rieh ,nd fert3e Tale of Portbnry, the confoence of the rivnr Avon .Od Wly With the lerernm, the Bristol ChaclsL and the Wtehl n l& Iot2. All that the Mamer or reputed Manar of Clapton. an, the maines and royalties thereto apmertaiinn x aIs the eeral canis>l farms, knowzn asSperring'; Fanr, Conrt F'rm, B scow p.rm, Wickc warm, fWeIlCy'5 F-. and Stanburv's Farm, the Buck Horse mnu. at lAtodit5WatZeTOril c0ttages And aanlens, 3U situate Lu theae paris of Clapton enotaSIOUl to tt 1j and wntsining together 591s, lr. 20p. Also the Adrowsc, of the -Rtory of C(latoen, which comprises the rectory hh6e, 35,zN Of glbeS ; `nd the titho rebt chrle nhiraistauds coDnmiuted at 200 per AcOiiZ- - Mines of col, iron, and nnomnese; have been found in thii 1,J. Loa3 to 12, adjoin- lot 2, Lntt cbmprise theMaor o I Nrth Wiston . And Revesui' caPitid faro,u, ying ju the han,let offorlt Weston, of a'Ut 70 amIs,, 40 a-ree, and il1 acres, aome cottages, and other does, arm," with the IM1 Farm, O &bout Po acres, which is nor for sale. stretch ;'0 the Edstol ChaUnel, adform a domniu ichiain Ensliah gentlem rtm4nieht be Troud tD two, As,onirst theoetherlIot3 il'be found a n*Al e farm of abbut t18 anise, int the p 3ihof Ticlceochitm;aaod Loedsy i'W. iu tbu parish if SO..Geerge, onnialning about 174 aeres, FocfmnheeDSrtiuim and or tickaebto TiCsV the incthion, pplys a to Ioba lou;d 5 tEDY, to Msw". iekoeaodWneaght iitcs 6, HRfzXew ino UainTa-ia EligblAe leaioldInstmmeat. West E-ompton. di3dlex. TgfLDANIEL CRONQI w.il SELLby AUOION,- I3t'Gareawa,'e, OorobilL T-o-mrrow. J~ly 17, SbU1, a Tery ,M.tt And well.but iLA. RRlIDMCE, in a ropectable sDd dp t ohbourptood,nin Vi 5ctoria- illa ebennitate t tba;riL Wents Brevniptor, let to Yr. Polford st the rent of £fl per anoum and hellonlee, fora term of ic rly SOyeae. atbffzeqm 7U * £11 per jinnom. Mar be ewieed byleine o! the tenxantiroJaea b5d t Garraay'; oflilteore.Matlne^a and Reid. Rayxa-bui va lGas's-nn; and of the nuctioneer,'42. EIoorsbwy-qaae BM^onztore, ghtobride-E1±ih,o ebl Inat Bron~pon-eqore. hd-tax fmee. . fB.DAR.IEL CRONI1N' wi1l SELLbyACiUTIOX, LLatGarawaye' To-monrrow. Julry17,atl TZ thTrLSEofareereciable and commrodioug BESIDE.CE. e'liibly situate, and beiD Ifo. 5, Bfromptanequare; )Iiduloere; let to Mr. Hoen WJIoon for a term rf tbreee«ears, from M1icbaehnaa, 1555, and held by lese foAr tverm of $4yer froe la^dyday. 185$, atthe ground rent of n7 rdn ileg e.ne! ineumeo c£ 4S per annAum. -May bedewied bypermjcion o$ the tna nt, and es inlace bid at Oexr -ay'a of Yr. 1Suor, solicitor. 4. B omebiny.square: and of the auclioneer. 4~ Btoomshibry-souga v AUu.tle 1,ehssnoict .ItOTrYovea ite.e yIOn &Well-knowa Wine and Spirit Esta1lishmenet. Mrcl°boe. TI.R DAMfELCRONIN will SELLbyAUCTION, atGarraway's, Corenhill To-norrow. July 17, at 12. the LEASE, for ndarly 70 yeses, at a gromrd rent of £25 lOs- per annum, ef the HARP,. Vne and Spirit Establishment, cmnmandingly situate in Net Characstreet,IAsso-frrove. tit'underletoulease for a termof 20 yearo; at 'he rent of £100 per annmfor which les-e several thousmnds of paonds have been paid from time to time. The purchaser may calculate on a cousiderable premium long anterior ts the terminatiog of tbe.piresent under lease. Pateculs may bo bad at Garra.way's: of Mlaessr Bartholemew and Rawndall, solcitors. Grays4nn-plmae; and of ,the aictioneer, 42. Bloomsbury-equare.- Leasehold -House and Shop. Iallngton. MEf F,SSRS. LOOKWEOOJ) are directed by the Mort- gagees to submit for SALE by AUJCTI'O:. at the Maci. on Triday. Juily 25, at I punctually, the eligible BUSINESS PBEMISES - , .Cephasue road. Canonbury, Islington, beld for a long term. at the low ground rent of £0 per annum, and of the estimated annual value *f £45. Mtay be viewed, and particultse obtained at the Mart; of M,eiL0.- BicLccell. 79. Connaught-terrace. Edgeware-road: and nf the Auctioneers, 1 B. rr,rod.plUme. Hyde-prlk. and 44. UpverBaker-treet. - L eho'd Residenrce, for Investment or Oc=paticn.-'A rwick-roAd, Paddington. lIFESSRS LO lOKWOOI) have received instrzctions t to subm';t for S 1SALE by AUOTION, at the M"art on Frid&y. July' 25. at I punctually. a briclOruilt remi-detsahed VILLA liESIDENCE, delightfully s.tuate and being No. 21. Warwick-road, Pa'ldincton, in close proximiolty to -Rensington-gariers; it conteins nx bed rooms, a dre3ing rzom, and thae3 reception rooms; held fer a long term, atsa low groun' rent Irhs nrcently bteen put into the most jwtmtecrepa1g; .and of the estimated au^nusleaue of £15. Mey now h e vi-wed, and Printed Particulars oltained at. the Mart: of l:ea. oiys and. T.eedie, 6. Ety-pLe. I}olbor; and at tbe offie3 of tke auct.:oneer. 3. Barwood-place. liyde-park, and44, UpperBaker-,treet. tlgnble Leaoehold Iurestmnent.-Lit ti Chcier street and Vlantee- mews, Belgrave-scnace prode. cing annual rental of £110. L ESSRS. L^OOK[lVOOD will submit for SALE by -r AUClION. by order of t ustees under powers of sale, at tho Mat, on Friday, July2S,at 1 punetnally. LEASEIOL)D PBOPEF.1IY ooomr rirng los. 24.25, and 21, Little Cheseersirect, rand 5, Chrester-me,rs Belg'ave-Iiare. all let- to respectable tenants, prnduring £170 per annum, and heldfor aterm of which about 02 years are unexpired. a' the low ground rent of £25 per annum. Thoeprpertr nc,y bo viewed by leave of the tenants, 10 days before the sate, aud printed particulars obtained at the Mfarrt; of Messr Bickrell, 79, Conoaught-terrace, Edjeware-road; and at the offices of the auctioneers 1, Burwood-place f de-perk. and 44 Un-rl .r . t t.reei, St. JOt's-wood.-Charming sucantial Villa Redenoe, with early POrresMion. IIIE-SRS. LOCKWOODrare directed by the Iort- gwees to submit for l ubtic SALE, at the Mart, on Fri. daC. the 2ith day of Jty, thle superiorly erected detached VILlA RD: IDENCE. I-mon as St. George's Lodge. delightfully sit-ate anudt_eingXo.20. larlborough-hill, St.Jcln's-woodlthe highe3tPOoition of the wylhulocality. comanmdin vies af the surrounding country. It stands in a large garden surronndodby brec'e walls, and has a valuable fronutge to Bridgo-road, presenting an e:ceDllnt opportunity ior erectingan additionalhouse: itcontains seven bed rooms, dressing room, th reception rooms, conservatory, lc.; held for a long term, at a roand rent; now let to r. ogec, at the lorentof £105. cstknated tobowoctlaathers.t£l2perannnxL .Uaybe viewed by leave of tne tenant secen davlefoce thesale, and pinted particfulars obtained at the trait; of W. M. Scntt. l;sq., 2, Iymond-bnildto, Gray's-inn: and at the offics of the auctioneers, 1, rood-place, Hde-park, and 41, UpPer Bal;er-street. The Graycoat Boy, GreAt Peter-street, Westmih,ster. A very valaumle Property. L-a%e20 years; rent ;£60. XIESSRS. CRAFTER and SON will SELL by .LLAflCrIlQ, at (lsarraay's, OD MOnday, J;lly 21. at 12. the very anlr SPRltIT ESTABLISHIVTENT, prominentlh plawed at the corner of St. An-s.treet and Great Peter,t-reet. We-tinister. The premiss are we-libsit and in a most sa,tisfactory c,nditson, admirably ssrranzed fur busine--spurpo-esr.audvwth duoeregtrd toddsrnestic comfort. Toe Prt5out large and highlaprofitable trade is i%expensivelyeonducted and with peculiar ease, and the denmely populated neighbourheol by whch the house is sumounded gives amrote evidence of its bei.,g well istd3ined, and capabrlt!e3 for considera.ble asugmentation, it il therefore with much confidence commended to public notice. May be viewed, and particulars obtainel on the premises: at Garraway's; of Mes Martlneau and T-eld, solicitors. 2, Rayolond'+Sbuildings, Gray's. ion; and of the auctioneers and estate wents. 4. Otamford-stre,t The Globe, fDlothLmoltoa-street 0xiord-street, a capiss olvvetw- blishedhouwe. SESSRS. ORATER and SON will SEILL by AU CT 1U0rlOnd' at Garraway'S. on Yonr42. Juty 2 . at 1.2, this wellfreq:ientol auddesira .ly-sitate PJBLIf'-hOUsga The lease has IS yearts unexpired, and held under the city of London at the triflin- rent of £40 per annum. The premisez are substantially built. and hate been but in one other occupation for the last 20 years. %which is the best evidence of the exceDent trde attacbed to this property for tbat lengthened period. May b0viewed, aid particulara outained on the promises; at Garraway'a; of G. Crofter. Esq., solicitor. lo. DuugbtyVraVet; and of the auctioneas. and estate agents. 4. Stamford-etreeh TheWhite liorst and Hs.allMoon, Eligh-stret, Borough-the preferable side for businress. 1ESSRS. CRAFTEiR and SON wll SELL by ol AUCPI016. at Ga,srway's, on Monday,- JuTy21, atl2 tbe above ell.establiohed P13ULIC-HOrJFlu, admeirably situate, and b.itug 141, on; . e best aide of the Hirgh*strseet Bn.-ougb-a situation of oousiderab,c importance. The svelestablished reputation of this hsose, extendig flyr a eriodf suretbaISopers~ ogethr -,ttb -Inusr fl ealiiies afforded by-°fhe isosnteassr-tohor.,ohfsr ad neighbtsnrlrvsor artfaets wh9ich leave nO doubt that the present proPhtable trade will he well sustaned by evn urdinasybusin energy. Maybe viewed. end pahteulrs otaied o th prmise; a Gasowa's;and of the aiuc- The capital mor en Funniture. ri-, suites of Silr Curtkinn modrem -Billiau Tahe. elegAint 0cnatere O't.Jecta awl Effect, &ad3p't to * fTtr.atdm ?esi']ence PL PHILLWS beg to :nnnonce tfat ho- WiHV 1 SMML bY .AUCTIOV. at -a gRe oomr ;.rBD'>-t 2 SIaturday. the 19h inmo, at 1 PrEe1'V, tne ;:e-gext DRA57NG lOOl ?uRNITiJltE, man'daaetuad hy eminent went cad uphbl-- Etexr-%E aud ;pted toa frr.-elas - ndorl or cnm*Dt .ma f cnn. o,a ieDg ot sintes *,r s;Un dua*:etQn e ihlssieatot xofas, l6nonungi and oUter chair,. in walnut. roenodi, ana T old' coveredwith the MFme rich t agtcisl. oenr?n, ov;. n, rfl-!1trtO3 LIe antiqte ebony iabiret, morvtc andm bi able, lrge wcoiob axndtlf.ls meglea in ri:bly snored fi au es. dr-ronati e bmhzes a da cim, t.oi s'uperh gins obondellees for .San'dl S lisitta. s;c othe rs, C erie ftl[-J , sized modern billiard talle, a op'eLaid. Anf atsterpot: -fet. br-- 19 fet flinches the l:brary inelucle3 xsneb'le vulA c od tscok- cue silpr.e-gln2si ours. petirota rnd olber: t..blr; crItair rw4'Couchts U .Lorsmg Mr posneEsesol the umnu.azrnas iudon - a nobble dcto o-al tat,e-~. -soi hbt fect e.de terd wa ithj ale. eIr- -- copihgu& % zirffed:acIci mlniF cored i nomront !orctto, rr.d o i esoy ebairsand sofss et suite, d3^-er wo-Vr n:s,S:c - tIe i-ifbs]otmunto Of doe prlfitjal a n d aeien see-onoLor cbud bqs S cnmO-3n ttn btstny en-d birffwood T'udor. Arabian. frrpust dlrenr. bertctsrddng, lax.e Fpaniab irzhagoay soi.gsd el Fingle warlrote che-tW or drAWrAs,-MAne.-op a.ud other rAeoto4nds and toilet taob .m Ccv.l}, anc othtr drselung gl,sge:. eicellent Drncels. To-nmay. elre p,3fe andtlKidiermuu,.tr .o.petforthe etra3rt-sms t-oes of tWble. lir.c, chin,; and ics.4 and oth-r e12ct-t Mesy beo iewed te dayrcd '-he 6dle, and Caslmes otthen hal. Y:daa! le. rutttuji.o tairlle.a sjlenddOld i enct nc ti:a s C-at L -e- ilcr. ,r 32ligha Brl2kct,crunl -tl:er Ctocksr Old hinas, Pictres Bronocs, tttee. idet by Pcrdar, Antd c~ther TwrePoity' MR. PHILLPS will SELL by A CTION, hat fin itJR omo. 13. 1tea7 Bee .s: eot.ec 3Iond. - oItinet;. ^tl lrte-e?se. s ClOOttOfl Of v1,o PROPERTY,-r.rtly receired fron t.eun. tlsjePt, constatog of staltture in nuelrle. kcluding four lM;r;rle4 t go,esot heeiernetsabe binsetof S$-.r3terg by D'ZtAtS, cnd snrrcra orteeg: alto aOeveI.xtdc'nlugworhs sbyMonti *stz-e. r.^ " ' ltre for 32 lgstttftoned of rieletir. £La-_, braahet. twd ather'ap*isanr asteoerlae of decnrr"ie ond 2 ousel ir-nit:rc, n few ytclsoreu, . Icc c.irmn t vo ca,sitai dnnbloritts b ? Parday, and r&-tervel;tna"e p- rnal,. itie,. hay tbe viewed en Satclrad and 2 oining of sa!e, at 21, PLiiIj', and c, alou.Cs then iad. Beret-cod.Bnrrss:e-To U t't.ler,- rnateon3rs and i'-ler MOl . 1XOi wlv,l SELI,, .t tlhe Au tion Miart, or, i s 2eiy. J ny 29, a 'eey '.esralb1e F :rBEHnL lfiTATfl. eonnprtisng a family reeidereue, lnormeins C,a'obrionos.v gared-elecs. orchiffl. and seve-oal pndoc k, in a1 aboot c'g-t, cares, t2se on t beautifuol 0 ated spot.. orititZa a sh(.rt distet;-eof Nnwro Ch .' ra msilcfrorn the C(7etal PzLlee, and cl.-nto an i .ann l Et-tsoo cOw tie Wst-bensdcsed Cstdpairrrsn:eqw:.i,i tfbeinrd 1,.surntt 'nt 'i,darWo front`Aoeg. an.1 cO:tains vcry s-it-rie brick erth i'tsmc'J.lnTs arel piton m2ay be o;btoocecat tt,o 31cm: o, Moyhee vand Ftlnoovs'lEcitoes, (treat Qeorge-treet, V Etm ttr; ant ot !Sr. Moou. 3.Et Martlns-i-la'ee. Irafaig"-suare. - ' 3 Zrte2isvr isicof 0 taithold it.. ,ee,vell bUi:t-Land e:, oa theu e,t- I umitsEr FPalte, I'imlmU. ^ R. 14:0gOlT Nwill SELEL. at the ii t, onl T'uesd3y iLS JOY 229, in lot-2, t2' cfollotelug PROPIMRTV. h"ld for iong te-rzn,. viz.:-3, Greeeccor-:eeo. B ly,va-nd23, 25, 3i. 3 i, 37. 3 stoand 41, C10ceet-exst!eet t 5, 1G, '7, tS. tP. I2,attdP1. Bslcmvesoad: lloeligh-stre- t. nd t4s ai f'G,enbicl-Ple: Ih;, Ceooetriso.ctreot 3,,,- 3&oetoot-j-jsce: 3', ETrhbreok-Ercet 17. Choar'wooi-Etrcet n,i i sod 7. Somnerc-t-tre e t, St. OGew;e-rogcoL us- ot,s coert for znrav' ran be ottertinioni pDeciol3 to she aursiou P. 'iculaus 4.. he hiort. cf MoNs.a MTyhew nd a ldnon slabers. Gesat Odsre-tcet; and nf theauetionrer. 3 S.teettn' ls. G-, a'ralru.-se. rreeh'ld Grnoutd Erects, irtharf:y.ryeRerFionsto the PiaAr PUeTalI.S oE, Porst.uloss Theserty: also scserol :F.eclood Ifnns,s and lusal; the whrlo prednlcine aljbet 4.00 per annu: birtr th 1Lst Tint ticm of ths iktatc of the tote 1V. Heath, Etsq., a't aamh-i=Ee.htrtbt M R. MOXON has received insiractions rmOa tite iMslErec2ntore *n l.etLeabove d rot.clo PIiO?EhiTVi? Jt'eecT;rr-ec for public flOlIP} TITIOIf. sot itLe hla,-i. W9diteSdoy, Aeg. -~ tot 12. iDa nimerous lota. 3t cotunrins n uroErors freehold grousn1 rent;i -re2. hyvesyotrot]lent fatm.ly hoccee, intbe ranD nroad. Crn brcd'Ee-trat'ii, Ash ceo-va. -Shu-tcer soeX, the Cecs:oat. .., toh leases of Wx!cr,i,-j, criuiin:lv granted for only fl years. fall :n horn is 04 -cn25 : tocsIf eoth house, noicnsion eind E-rntsdo, thbe Ilate restduarea 3f r. Iloew$ih, and ecerorl ttDUeler honouer, in t}:e Orel, Hocancry-rood rue *l sE. s huittlglar1ed. I'nrtinrloos tony to obt,ainedl at tho Macfr: of-Ti, G.X Cov,eaten. Eeq.. eoLc'.tor, S, (tr.ss'ddon.-eqorer: soi of l,la \V. Mlosron surcevor and auc tioneer. 3,i. S f,t irse'atsz--,. 'Th-s,O . ioPtboraea-CeOnMe, near lhehTl'ee Bridgc% Sttation, on tibs'Lau amtld Br rhtou Eairay. IT M0.XON wiiU SELL, at the AuctiOn Mart i. ou Tuesday. JuTly 2. lb ;;re-t;on of th3 Mortgagee. ELx acrEs pf valua,ble FREERORLD LIIAD eligille for b1ldinc. three liles frara the Three Bride.c Station, gi two from'he Row.n= atS'Von cu th3 East Gf.nstc_d P ilway. l'artlcnlars of Machew snd 81umon, .0, Great Georve-etruet; and of the a:c'io ,, ' 3. Fi. MrlnrtmPlaca.- To PzJntirv Psinters'Brolrers. &e.-Barirazu. nrESSRS. DEWV and KEYSELL v.ill SELL bv i V.tt CWION. at+ 6 Beve -street. _Babi n Thr5l:y. Jli.y 21, t'e CONTMNeSo.f aJOBrlXG O.=CE, eapitaltya' n,ere3 rTac,,3 chaase, hinsn tables, waste paper, kc. Chtateurng ta Le l ozf the premise2, ,odofthobaectio eere. 12, Blish'pateewithcut. Reu n:mer-l'o Printer, PriaTnras aBrn. end tthrs. TEffSSRS. DEW and : dYSELL, tucticnmstue to svearg thppsd,are irtareeted b e rhe Asei7ce3 to SELT. b, AGOTION, eair'y i nasa3'4 o n thu PrenieeiFe.Srrn-gtre;t. Strsd, theisheleof the cxen3jee POM and CATERIAtS. 01cc. roru e : of Mtv sinee o'hoon ih oi.nu-jirns 127 of is Zetwtelrhat The Effcc-3an. a gestLrru3n. der2sd,inrludia z t'ho Furniture. ituon -estg Apparel, Fnel AnLirle, Wine. CL: iane, and I =lr,-iRa cellu'luie. UR.EL HENI FOSTEBR will SELL by KUOTIOY. '1 L at his greaot Roo7. ' 0, Oxbnrt-rtree, auesr Fo'deo (nOne. Tcsuiorroco. at 12, the nea-t wveilnade COTlIAC.CE FlRtT[O-lTRIl nz.z Twon easy caises lo:-gins and eicbteluaaro. all covered in anurae5. eurileae s7el eord and diu'ing 7^tlee. ^sn-lnduu curt.ins (marosal.- narpetiug, rote. fenders. bed roomn frnintteri. dwrarf vrinsed w.ardro',eafrellent btautats.,Aean7 bed'.iar. h.ndsnmne toilet fit'inge ea-ile,a rolier. runti tench, Oxcetlent krtc':en utcrsd3. ie * aLso tb-hDc,re. weaSimg or-paid.l I tted ar tices, dinn er cervices, an-l othcr chfina cas eat-close, a few b7nke. come stases. ftc Note The seine ill be '-- eluded in Mr. Feettex scle thc fo'1z ing day, of whirls are se :al3tu aivertiso nent. Ghoica oil iltseledt Port Win,-. Starr, Ul-aEmpegne. anD. 'ant. - | HEN FPrY FOSTER will SELL by saTYTIoN,. L=at bis grea3t B1oom, 4IIn, OxfrJri-strect, near Solie ottes,D cn,Fi day, .Inly 10, a tl2.asmall CELLARE<f h'gh clicsWElNGi,ciudingab bins 0f tbet oDpaoyl'st'°d. t v tinie,oto7.rdie IRO, ait"o oE itrnDLstcr,a, twro ditto7 of i)inonas old dr deill:amur d becsesiny. aund ot}.c er rnanUtier, al3 old, L'n b3tUle, o' (freft Ce Recd:r, Wighent and o-.her ship-,sera. Theu iSherry c.roezcise fivo bius of cin.icc 2 le, gold. ands rown, oE i-tfner, DatE GCrrdon and Oarsye sshirp7ina: arlo 20 :eECS Or capital (thany.anc, jusnt sfeared7, some Claret. tad a3bout 40 dozen nevby botted! Port. The isholenee lping ;tif Mr. Fest,-'z room,. Can be inper e t and tasted the ny before nod hate r sale. *r by s3mp!c b:71tile3:4r tinsrlo r. Mde doz o oi.he old Willb. blf -bnar of Port seven ys in bAtle; 1Ifs ,wCellexccutdl P'ajtini;s. 1XIF:E:SSRS. J. };. I'UIDICK al d Co. will SELL liv- f | lAYTeTIo, at their Roomns. 314 a, Onrord-shees. STlIS DA3Y JelSy 16, s.tl2 eci-e*sly, veveral bids of fiao ol* bet-lied lOUPTS, eerc?.m - ably dDne ihtoiies, Fzeenob still rderar;lin*g di-. , cld CbIGa:- *1 Ii nenra: rand l0 'tell execisteit pa;intings. Thel aines can Sbe tdzth. lo4ssm5leaobtnined s.tthe a-acttonecrii' cre ilaypsier to sa e, na-d ea-t:a MIfracombe, Devonshir.-To be EO1. with theconcnrreumreof the .Monegages, eu the 26th dIaY of Jlly, at 12 at noon, st the -aPlub Roctina Lfraetl;ie is the enity el Devon, in cee Lo4s by Yr. - GEORGE3 TEAIiSOIN, rfHE Fee Simple end Inlteritanco of and in Jll those e L FourDwelling Houes. adjiring each other. situnte atllfraeom.hea!Oreaaid, formerly caiedthe Painthbouetimement. to;cther. w.i'h tte, ga=en and appurte..ance3 thereto ,loeniong, la]t the prop^r'y of 3n.. WillIaun Bule. of lifracoinbe aforte i, de-cased. alin the OCc-I,tinn of reepelable tenauts. audprodlucgg a gros ye*xly rentA of 2i D. ticulars and conditions of saie may ia lhad (grati,) of liMr. .Johln Bar. -n.r dTurer, asitorandi-.oLrylinhc. IlfacorAhe : and of t:he ;,nvtidnee. 33mssntaple ; ana in itenln, of'Sdcsnar. J. it 1Fez an,d 8,,,_ saliciters, O0, Finlsnuy-cicns. fi67. Cadoga.n1ahe_.Frinc *j.4R. GEORGE BERVY wl'l SELL by AUCTIOm. by direction of the lt eatr:x of thelate Cintain HFf, bo the Premiso no , abuove, To-oeorroor, 3siy the 17th.' at 12 f.r I 0''cel* prfeiolsy, all the well-mnanufactuted HOUQMEIIOLD rURNITIRE. ainprleui- Arabiwn, F!rencb, and iron bhedstelesA feather beds and beddiag, hlair and woel mattresses, chests of drawrero, waetnineo, d~ l~.ngtableso, mahogany anld japacerod ardrdoebeo% , a . drwn n smlte In rxeneood. -ehmcngwingel cheffenior st Isho shre r m,fl top and -lveced glans paneL,, eight ch,airs. sorfa,. e,ad. writ-. flnd- e- caleonal tabs; chimnty g J-rs-y, co±tgo pizaz,oorte by ColleevI as'S Calmed, set of 5-feetwlie eandi,elsP mahomAde chairs in l e ,at the iturt, abeaotng mi e,_, ailiote-. chlina, glass, tee i rcenra ilirt, andt untmes-ous eterts. nal,y b, v-lesty the day prior and masrsinig of sae; sad cartaloguf a had t n. tje, irre- mae6; omrd cnts,er oeerialredcsne Ser Iftegotdss.rr hnntig e:vis -Frnenk hld lnve?tmeneva, Prin-ees-oarsi,% chrorobyan t iUESSRS.RUSaUVORTHa-andJARVIS w,ill S~E'LL,- quaiyo AUCTION, at Garcs-ass,2 oen Friday, bo-S. i, e s-yi t, t aat 2fOO Eof 60per annum, a.risng front twoueividej ih pact, of a frefhold houondebuhioes p-eel~su, £3. Pr,i-roass--tr- , oz t-4ni-c., nearly opposieto 1-087Lneya.-all,y - resezr-e lsm a or p-rat;-c lea,, vjqed flifth part of the sanae f..eliold property; let for a re.rzo-n'i0 ternundera separatelkase. The rreiem!,leir 1en e biw e a si buhmssn.aufttoW.Y for very mneosy 1s-aesnjltje.r- tlec firmt c-f e.-,ss C-ook. and their Psrsdeeeesra To'l lt iesed byvrmsenfth teti=A a,nad Tmrtislneu -ho ctsz .f r. Starling. e 4.ttn, Sre:s strcet; and of lh' Js. itehorretha and Jas-vis, Savil-Lw j0t strcet, and 10, tlhanre-alloy% (i nbai!. -X,l ee.- Reghiabicr, cut and Cthrbis-tIe Gamete, rettnPi en.. MOni and. other Clochs, Geld Watches and Rn bis mi qnztitiy of Plate-d Was-c, aid olthcKEffeota. TJESSRS. DlICK6ON and. DAVEINPOM.s il TA SML. hr AUCTIO17 X,Z, the 3f.nt. On Tnesloy, Jilly £2, et 1,b dirseiona of the Frsoprs-.',or. withoat roeress- to s-spa! adi-aecec, r_,u- 'Vel utoble ploa of Freehold Baitlfig Land, Crsbalton aetl WlYli.rg to-n close to Enpset Railway bt&tien . HlENRY AINES and -SON wifSELL bY AUjC llaltial.-nishedmeliWdetnchlej 1t ZEEHOLD VILLA RESIDEtNCES sikidate,in S ti -rns'l.( el,albt Ron. Sr.re y, a di oin m .tL emritwe~ay, ot on a,n Sin PlDtg of vahl;at 13 Fres,fold Builing Langltd- fn!rg, and onel iot aG3jOlniefg.tthe MeCbourne Fltel; laelltay Sttoen, 'n :ho hr llet of Wallington. Tlsewlvo'epreprryis easyof ees b '' zzdrituate inat;L-ttrict of Surrm n unoe.axp ed for it , l' an D' perhapenoo,eCallkdl for ite eslntlrity. It is pracd onu ai eYa!rcxe. A r, zonemands exieseive d.ounor t7th eeonn6 i.g ceeetiy. A rn'.t ':rodod of tire nlk.eriles for anieiisn the nioren nily Teenet 'h fa tta oormir.'edoftthon. Fn par1lo,eautn.-l edtnuSon, silmo ty on'- t!irgd-tyMr. Groin1s liaise., anoloaeetralitl, BrsCQoor,LreT WeU thei0etrophlis rud tibo fastndcaatzl eaterr'g-p afet 3n the ,asltr, Coast, cith.hnm& iltdpoueEscu. -IVI& r . e- ile is instruttend cei tldc iEronti o. tigrt t abvpuel A toTM, an tdirc raim- lwa emmou, Bceat a ;x s5 SlLLvbV WJTIOs.. at the Itinert Ilea'l -GD n. B5C1 -' Mironday; .IevY 21. at o for 6 precisely, t-ne MANSION'3 lattly Occts3. -by JAdsn fla. MIq., loce3re , witha the lawn end pleesuro IlnrAr. sheltsezic by a ChDiCo Varie:ty .1- ornatmeutal trces in fuil si.d lzai. x=iLt growth. co,senor.tcMv diuery. g:trlen witha, prnforon of fr-lilt bt aup.;a oTnudiv,? offic.e stabYe, roatir-harme, cott=ars I4sldiocks-tia-lu-tteaemontaa,. -AL%o Two, esmrrrllr resireneL-e, or lii Imnrsle. sitnato in Ilo'rcte-strsc~; and a errnmble IricCeof0 aCi'!c, Mulfl, lyIng adjacent to thec tawn. This estate lrmreeta Hectal a'ivarteurs asa residence forn fa tro.] of good etenrding .1n1 bf r.1n'Lt roFdak halbits. Tho mansion,wil urcsereees'ise,cuiu.r-I airy an to orSemoaltogete tusueeoono no urbsn at,ore. lEci-, Y, tkirtcrl by a naviggableesro ihlbav and1 Eroreondrds by ;;jr santorwalks and drives,iieeere rirsrictara.ul ALtL-4 within eso amess o th alrorl,ewitre tIcsc of Lowest ft, V'n:mentb,rint SoxxtIiod .leeafr (Ipf riM;IY crmn,l n-- tinrileabenttobctts etbrxt,dad enIes'er. so as to bs-log thilfatwnwitisin abou or cr'f'r aoroplm Velt dc-cnitt'o, otrnk o.atrstorfn it0 il prr i.xaiir.irs ais c-ol tions of sale. to be ottnda es.IoinodR!3. so!idottiMa Beeceles: Mestre AldiieadEore.elrt~,2 et ore 11. Rtoyal Exehanie.' orn r'to...,s d 75Cit pro g =r torn of =o-H. r.tno o o Hvrelorfi-ouuii) ;lIIo 13l 1HENRY BR1IJON hbs -ecCived instrqctjon_ 1TLtorer t? nubic- CO4PLlTIIOjn at tuho Roy Idite1, cfaom r& M rorow, Jry 17. ntCatberf nmo-n s hjit± c,ditnS tof ijale to i.e then und there Produced, thdt uhighly abcnable awd OroPzvt romr_EIting !ZTAE i'ianown as itt ,wn, c iistbing or a esfaa Ubndalnsoail att ri atoe far-hniere ism nall*bomme, owf hc-ild-. YITecte dwo cXsellt Earen, rir ,l about, 19 a-eof,bg" ?srrorre maoeniw. asaturo band, rnd Orbcihadug. sitbate inabe port,a , n f Toteftbow and bieaeu r, in itO attdtbeay ot b Heraeford,t arg Jbove very ebii.ge tate cd lmrrlez abrcn r 149 acre of akt-rttho arable land, an 40 , noe of th.o Iatd -aiber orohan o tce late. nor w in ito 'iwe) in tie Rirv.St ho-'aibe maro hof escoityaon, IsillA ioto r sitnat* Der oe 01thent ronlsmte y. fertiUl, nnd pith e naye ditr it' oA theJ w Men o trefood tn.b ol thin:3 l o tdjtarJonc. of lt,d (eaothe osnatrWy Ilue. CuOmmanding-3Mihic-not seeery, thjot affordinig buildinz aftt- of aixO DanoRaibY attractive chiaracte,. "Tt here. is ale a ua>rryofy bril& U e tho otiateis it' ot a t wat b eff tr o tls bl_5a fri the erection O3 sP T t`itbpzGbave I-eeu ooLn' cb, to Hereford runs cloee t.) tbe era&t4. which ig stnae witLitn a tow mainuts'waLlkof the elierch. and withl.n threezml!es of tho sholrace -om~ear siatan onthe Heeford,B... nt Gtocester leluTin atateson,bo~enl o apxlcatun t '&.W,n Dew. tba tenanut,
