; . DEATHS. On the 25th lit., at Por-smouth, on his lqnding from the Crimea. Alexn=der Johnston, M.D., Assiotant-Surgeon 68th Regiment, aged 23, eon of 2Ir. Johnston, Eurgeon, Stirling. On the 2th nl. at Copdoc, Laura Matllda Ludmilla, the beloved chld of John and Matilda Wrati1a w, aedd3& yearm. * On the 28th ult.. athis residence, Stoke Newington. aged 4i, Roger rarrand Jckmn, rEq., eldest con of the late Roger Roydon Jackson, Esqa, o Manchester. On the 2d inst at Moffat. Dufmfriieshire, Mar. only child of the late John Murray i,cGusty, Esq, of Demerara. On the 3d inst., Ricbd. Thomas, REq., of Fen-court, London, aged 76, having survived his wife only a few days. Onthe3diust., at Haraich, Ezes, Mary, the wife of the Rev. S. A. Davies, Rye-lane, Pecbsol. *On the 4th inst, at his residene, Cowley-hill, St. Helen's, WilIU= Thomsor, rEq.i On the 4'h inst at the residence of his sisters, at Bawes, Yorkshire. ir. Fletcher Clarke, eged 4L On the Sth inst,. at Newton ViUlas, Finchley.roAd, James WUliam, eldest Eon of the late Dr. Smith, of Stevrnage, Her4t and the dearly loved etepEon ot John A. D. Coe, Esq, sged 12 years. On the 5th inst., at St. Mry-Ic-Strand House, Old Sent-road, John Robert, the infant eon of Mr. 4A. Lyon. On the 5th inst., Sarah, daughterof the late Thomass Iversage Towler, Req., of Pendeford Hail, Staffordshire, aged 60. On the 6th inst., at her apartments in Hampton Court Palace Alicia, the eldest daughter of the late Eldred Curwen Pottinger, Tsq., of Mount Pottanger, couLty of Down. On the 6th inst., at Compton Cottage, Guildford, Job, the youngest son of Job SmaUplece, REq., aged 11 months. Or theCth itst., atthe Vicarage, the Rev. HferyWiles, *ged75, late FeUow of Trinity CoUege, Cambridge and 35 years vicar of Ritchin, HeraLS. On the 7th inst., at his residence. Ahforlong Hounse, near Satton Coldiield, Joseph Webster, Req., of Peans, Wawietahire, in the 74th ya=r of his age. -Onthe 7thinst., atbUpper Tulse-hill Martha Loanegons aged6%for 21 years the faithful servant of H, I. Itaven, REq. - On Monday, the 7th inst., at Hackney, William Henry, youngest son of Robert Miudge, REq., R.N., of Dover, aged 27. * On Taeoday, the 8th inst., Eliabeth Resbmry, vife of Charles Few. Resq., of Covent-garden, and Streatham-hill, Surrey, in the 7th year of her age.
PAL.TAMEZYTARy INTELLIGBNCE. - 7 HOflSE I LORDS5, TuRSDAY, XuLy 8.: -The LORD CM&NCELLwO took his seat on tha wooLsaik at zm_clock,_ MRPRISONMlENT FOR DEBT. Tbe Earl of ALBE:ARLE, in presenting petitions iron risoners for debt and for contempt of Courrs irn the Queen's Leach l?ison, praying for amendment in the law on that iubject, and from the trustees of the Debtors' Discharge .ociety wiAh respect; to hhe applicaaton of thek surplus Ismds, mentioned that on the oth of februauy last a gentlexnail, formerly a merchant of Mlanchester, died in the queen's Bench, after 44 years' imprisonmnent, and that one <c- the present inmates haid been there for the lasti 43 sears. Lord CAM1'BELI, although iriendly to t-he nbolition of iiimpusonment for debt, thought that fraudulent conceal!nZnt ought to be punished witi imp.isonment. THE CRIKEAN BOARD OF INQUIRY. Ihe Earl of LUCAN rose to ask the Secretary of S%ate for She War Department when it would he in the power of }fer Majesity's 4ovemnmeet to lay before Parliament the report. of the Chelse Board of Getneral Officers'! He vas -vware that this report was only signed on Friday, and that ithadto be laid before er Majestfor her approval, and e-as also awvare that somne little time must elapse be'ore the report could be presented to Parliament. Istill, when it was recollected that it was now the 10th of July, and Ifiat it was expected Parliament would be up in 10 days or afortnight, he did not thinki it unreasonable to expect thattheGovernmentwoulduse all the despatch in their power in laying these important papess before Parliament. lIe, thought he spoke the feeling of their lordships aad of he country when he said that disappointment would be felt nless the noble lord wdere prepared to state sonue early day en which the report v-ould be ready to be laid upon ihe table. -Lord PNlA7EE.-hIy lords, it is quite impossible to state any day on which the report can be laid before Par. laimrent. The repost was signed only on Friday, as the noble ,earl has stated, and 1 know fromn private information that the report is at present in the hands of the Commancerin-Chief. I deeply regret that the present illness of that allant o3icer may prevent that report from being presented so Her Majesty for some little time. After that the recort Vill be for the fi-st time in the possession of the Goviernm4ent. I quite agree with the noble earl that zs swn as it is in their possession, and as soon as -she Government have had an opportunity of forning an opinion apon it, they ought tolose no time in bringing the report. before Parliament. ;The Earl of LUCAN could not say that the answer of thte noble lord lws satisfactory. What he wanted to know was whether the report had or had not been presented to lier Majesty ? Lord PAN MUME.-It has not. -The Earl of LUJCAN.-It is generally understood that it was presented to Her Majesty yesterday. * Lord PAiNIURE.-It has not been presented to Rer Iajesty; at least I have been so informed. . The Earl of LUCAN was not satisfied with the answer, and should renew his questiosi on Friday. 'REGISTRATION OF VOTEERS (SCOTLAND) BILTL Their lozdships went into committee on this bill. The bill with amendments passed through committee. -The Statutes not in Use Bepeal Bill, as amended, was read a third time and pawsed. - MARRIAGE AND REGISTRATION ACTS AMEENDMENT BILL. The Earl of HAROWBY moved the second reading of this bill, the object of which was to relieve Dissenters from the necessity of publishing their marriages through the boards of guardians in the unions where they resided, whichL they nturally felt to involve a kind of stigma. The bill was read a Eecond time. The Metropolis Local Management Act Amendment (No. 2) Bill an d the Turnpike Acts Continuance Bill were zso read a secoud tinme. ADVOWSONS BILL The Earl of SHAFTESBURY said, this measure had come up from the iHouse of Commons, andit wasintendedto ceaueavery greatevil. 'Whetheritwould besuccessfuluwas -doubtful, because it was an enabling and not a compulso;y bill; but it had in view so desirable an object that he hoped their lordships, by passing it, would enable i s framers to make this experiment. Their lordships would be aware that there were in many parts of this country presentations to livings which were vested ia the hands of several thousand owners. The election to such presentations was frequently attended by the most disgraceful scenes-scenes scandalous to the ciurch and prejudicial to decency and good 6lder; and the bill was dtsigned to facilitate the sale ot such advowsons, due provision being made forthe appropriation of the money for the benefit of the parihand parishioners. In illustration of the statement ne had made as to the scenes which took place at theso elections, perhaps he might be permitted to read an extract from a letter rtceived by him this morniag, giving an account of the lat election which took place to the curacy of a most populous parish-that of Bilston. The writer said that that election lasted five days, and that 11,123 electors voted. Ho should tell their lordshipthat the right of voting was vested in every resident inhabitant, whether a householder or a mere lodger She letter went on to state that the costs of the unsuccessful candidates amounted to 1,6000., while those of the success. ful one were no less than 5,000'. It then proceeded to state that during the election all the public houses were ol:en, and 'hat drunkennEss prevailed to a most serious -extent, and that, in fact, the whole proceeding was most disgraceful. It stated, also, that in 1S3g, similar scenes were exhibited, and that there was no hope of escaring a recurrence of them on future occasions. In other neigAbourhoods, too, similar occurrences had taken place; and in one election, in the parish of Clerkenwell, the proceedings were so indecent and blasphemous that he would not venture to describe them to their lordships. The number of livings ill that condition was about 16V, and the income of a large majority of them was under 15Ul. a year, while some were still smaller. The subject was one which could only ho dealt with by a public act, and he therefore begged their lordships to permit the present bill to be read a second time. The principal provisions of the bill were, that the owners at a Pub ic meeting might order the advowsons to be sold; that the majority should bind the nminority; that there zhould be held a meeting to decide questions of sale, and if decided in the affirmative to appoint elected trustees that a certificate by two justices of consent of owners being obtained, and of names, if any, of elected trustees, should be suficient evidence; that if it were determined to sell an advowson, the same to become absolutely vested in trustees, and the trusteesto proceedto a sale. The partof the biMto which he attachedthemostisnportance wastheninth clase,whichpro. ;ided that the moneys to be received by the trustees froLn or bymeanesof suchsaleshouldbeappliedby theminthefollowin, order:-In payment of the costs, chaages. andexpenses occasioned by any meeting of owners as aforesaid; if there be no parsonage-house attached to the advoutson so sold, or if the parsonage-house attached thereto be dilapidated or inEufEcient, then in payment of the expense of erecting a parsonage-house, and of providing a site for the same or in the reconstrunction or repair of the existing passonage-iouse; if the living be under the gross yearly value of 150l., then in investing a sum sufficient to produce an innuatl. inconmewhich, togetherwith the existing annual income, will raise the yearly value of the living (exclusive of the parsonage house) to not exceeding 11!. per annum; if the fabric of the church be in such a state as to require immediate repair, then in expenditure upon the fabri; in the investment of a sum the annual income whereof will be sufficient to maintain the fabric of the cburch in comnViete repair; in the erection of schools in connexion with the church, or of a chapel of ease in the parish, township, ecclesiastical district, or place in which such church is situste, or of a parsonage house to a chapel of ease, or in providing a site for a chapel of ease or paesonage house, or in the endowment of a chapel of ease, or in contributing to such objects or any of them. That if there were no such purposes to which such moneys were .applicable, or if there were a surplus of such mioneys after ansvering such purposes, then such moneys, or the surplus thereof, asthe casemightbe, should beinvested, andtheannual incomethereof should be applied in aid of the rates levied for the relief of the poor of the parish, township, or place in which the church was situate, or in aid of any improvement rate leviedtherein; rovided always, that the owners at any meeting convened and held in manner thereinbefore provided might determine that any one or more of the objects mentioned in the 5th. 6th, and 7th heads of application respectively shouldc have priority over any other object mentioned in those heads. Such were the provisions of the bill. It had already passed through the House of Commons without objection being taken io it, and he hoped that their lordahips, bearing in mmd the disgraceful proceedings which at present took place, would now consent to read it a second time. - The bill was then read a second time. INTESTATES' PERSONAAL ESTATES BILT. On the motion of E3rl FoRTESCUE this bill was read a ectonld time. - The Commons amendments to the Smoke Nuisance Abatement (Metropolis) Act, 1SS3, Amendment Bill, were considered and agreed to. T_e Drainage (Ireland) Bill, the Distillation from Rice Bill, and the Court of Exchequer (Scotland) Bil, were passed through co mrittee. - The following bils were read the tbird tirneand pased: .Evidence in Foreign Suits, Excheqser-bsills (4,000,000!), CambridgeUniversity. The AlilitiaBallots' Suspension Bill, the GrandJuries (Ireland) Bill, and the Charities Bill, were read the second tme. THE SCUTARI MONU2MNT. The Earl of BARRtNGTON, -on rising to address some queres to Her Majesty's Government on this subjeet, remarked that the object of the mnonument was to commemorate the character of the British soldiers, their toils, their endurance, their sufferings, and. their heroic deeds. To execute such a work the first sculptor of the day should have been selected. The gentleman actually chosen was Signor Marochetti, an firti,t of considerable talent. peculiarly famed for niaasive eouestrian statues; in other branches respectable, but not like Mr. Gibso.n, and some others, holding a first place ia ar.- As an architect Signor Marochetti was not known to lame; but, indeed, it would be difficult, if not impossib!e, to find one person equalDy sklled in architecture and scilpture, as in the days of bichael Angelo. There was nothinz -very remarkable about the Scutari monument. We had seany in this country of the same description. Itwas very defective in its proportions, inasmuch as theped Il was as Jbigh as the superstructure, whereas the base of Cleopatra's Needle vwas only one.third the height of the pillar itself. UfIany obelisks in EDgland were superior to Signor Marochetti's Scutari monument. One point about it was very re- markable; the four unfortunate w "eepig angels could not Fossibly stand, for if they did, they must stand either upon - bheir wangs, wfich t.stend donsiderably below their feet, or in a flying position.. They were in the same position as the statue in the Parthenon with regard to which the ob. i servation had been made that if it attempted to sxtand, its head would go through the roof. The sculptors 'of this country did not wish to disparage tho talent, and genius of SignaWor aro6chetti, whomx they all highly respected, but they complained that a system of favouritism had beefn adopted, and that equal justice had not been dono to the sculptors and architects of this and other countries* Entertaining the same opinion, in justice to those sculptors and architects he would put the following questions to the Government :-L By whose authority the cutari Konu. ment hid been undertaken! 2. Who had selected Sinor' !darochetti to undertake the work? 3. From what fond the payment was to be made ? 4. Why the work had not been subjected to public competition, soi that the sculptors ofEngland, lFrance, Italy, and Germanvy mighit have sent in models, and an obelisk have been prdodced that would have imomorhalized our warriors and the sculptor for ages to come! Lord PANMURE said, the Scutari monument was not intended for a record of the historic achievements of our forces, but as a tribute to the memory of thosw brave soldiers, sailors, and marimes who had sacrificed their lives for their country. It was in obedience to the public feeling of the country that the Government had undertaken its erection, but the responsibility of the selection of the artist rested with 'he Government alone. As to public competition, the nable earl must be aware tbat the sculptors and artists of this country declined to furnish plans to compete for the erection of public monuments. Signor arochetti had been selected because he was famous on account of some collossal works that he had executed, and the design for the Scutari monument had commanded public favour, at least so farl that he had heard very little complaint made about it, and he thought it had never been condemned in the manner in which the noble earl now condemned it. In his opinion it would, when erected at Scutari, be one of the finest monuments the country had produced, and an honourable and handsome tribute to the brave men whom it was intended to commemorate. Baron dfarochetti had gained so much reputation in this contry that he was now to be regarded rather as an English than as a foreign artist; but, even if he were a foreign artist, the noble earl, who wished to throw the work open to the competition of the artists of Italy, France and Germany, could not mnake any complaint on that account. The funds had already been provided by Parliament, and he had no doubt that Baron Marochetti would execute a monument of which the nation would have reason to be proud.. Their lordships then adjourned at 7 o'clock.
I HOUSE OF COMONTS, TUESDAY, JULY 8. The SPEABEn took the chair at 12 o'clock. IUBLXC HEALTH BIL1 Mr. COWPER moved that the R-use go into committee on this bill Mr. KNIGHT, in movmg as an amendment that the House would upon that day three months resolve itself into the said committee, observed, that -when the public health question was brought forward inS 14 it was considered to be virtually settled by the bill of that year, and the present bill, differing as it did from that measure, was a breach of faith with the public. The bill now before the House differed materially, not only fron the biU of 1848, but also from that which was introduced in 184. All the stringent clauses of theactofl848were retained, while aU the remedial clauses proposed by the bill of 1854 were omitted. This was his first objection. His second objection was, that it repealed the 145thsection of the present act which gave the public a rght of appeal against t,be Board of Health; and his third objection was, that it doubled the amount of money allowed to be raised on mortgage of the Property of the ratepayers wheraver the act was enforced. The fact was, a great many of the towns where there were local boards of health had spent all the money they were empowered to raise under the act of 1848, and yet the works were not completed. This had been in consequenre of the engineers of the General Board of Health having been exclusively empioyed to make the estimates, the towns themselves not being allowed to employ their own men. Those towns bad been assessed at the iate of 1-16th of the yearly value of the property; it was now proposed to subject them to another assessment to the same amount; making the rate 1-Sth of the value. and that without giving them any voioe in the matter. He submitted that those parties should be heard before any such tax was imposed upon them. The repeal of the 145th clause would be most injurious. All reasonable protection ought to be afforded against large companies supplying water and gas; and the right of appeal wbuch the 145th clausa gave afforded that protection. Many of the local boards formed themselves into these largo companies, and thev had the power to oppress the neighbouring districts, and it was only by the right of appeal that those districts had any check upon such local boards. To showv how this portion of the bill would work, he would mention the case of the town of Luton, with a population of 10,000 or 12,000 inbabitants. It used to be drained by cesspools. There ran by the town the river Lea, which was from 20 to 30 feet wide, and capable of being used for all sorts of domestic purposes, and it was .daays full of fisb. A board of health was established at Luton, and they immediately drained the town and emptied their sewers into that river, rendering it a most horrible nuisance. The river was turned into a filthy sewer; the fish all died; the water was unwholesome for duinking purposes; the sheep that were washed in the river came out dirtier than they went in, and the bottom of the river was covered .10 inches deep with decomposedmatter, having only 15 inches in depth of water running over it. Nothing could be more disgusting, or more contrary to the rules laid down by the Board ot Health themselves, who, in their report on the use of impure water, had shown that cholera and other diseases were greatly increased by persons drinking bad water. The people of Luton, by virtue of the 145th clause of the act, took proceedings before the Vice-Chancellor to obtain redress, when the local board promised that the nuisance should be abated. It was very natural therefore that the Board of Health should wish to get rid of this the only security which the public had against them. Should the present bill pass it would conf.nr every abuse which the people had so much struggled agains'. He should, therefore, move that the House resolve itself into committee that day three months. Mr. PALK seconded the amendment, and said that, when the Govetnment thought it their duty to bring forward a measure which interfered -with property of every description -with property in land. in water, in canal shares, harbour shares, and with the administration of the local government of towns-they ought, at least, to bring it forward at a sufficiently early period to admit of the question receiving that due consideration which such important interests demanded. Re was perfectly aware that hon. gentlemen on the other (the Mlinisteriall side of the House had some very liberal notions of the rights of property which had never yet been acquiesced in by theHouse of Commons * and he trusted that, as long as the House of Commons existed, the rights of property would be maintained sacred, and that no interest would be suffered to be taken away in a morning sitting, at the close of the session, by a bill which professed to be one thing, but which in reality vas of a totally different description. 'When the Government brought forward an amended bill, purporting to contain certain saving clauses, they should be saving clauses, and not enabling clauses. It was an unfair wvay to obtain power by bringirng in such clauses, pretending to be saviJg clauses, but which in reality gave to the President of the Board of Health a control and a jurisdiction over property which had never yet been conceded by the House. The question of the powers of the Board of Health had on various occasions been brought forward, but it had always met with one result-defeat-because it grasped at a despotism which the House never would sanction. As far as he was personallyconcerned, he thought it might be better to permit the bill to go into committee with the understanding that all the clauses whichgave to the board powvers which they did not at present possess-all the savin;g clauses wshich were in reality enabling clausesshould be omitted, and that the hoard should be continued for a limited period. If the House did not take that step great evnls might arise and much injury be done to local interests. Mr. G. LANGTON confessed that when he went into the select committee on the bill he was greatly surprised at finding the most popular part of it withdrawn, and that clauses were introduced which had met with great oposition; but as the right hon. gentleman had since withdrawn those clauses he should not oppose the bill going into committee. He had the honour to represent a very large population where the Public Health BiU was in operatton (Bristol), end he thought it just to state that, under the management of the local board it had given general satisfaction. Mr. COVPER said, the hon. gentleman who had moved the amendment had gone at some length into particular clauses of the bill, but asthose clauses did not affect the principle of the bill he should not asy niore than that they formed part of the bill submitted to the select committee, and that evidence had been heard both for and against them. Some of the clauses had been copied rerbetiec from the bill which had been sanctioned by the committee after every attention had been paid to local and private interests, and it was generally understood that those clauses were assented to by the canal and other companies. He apprehended the proposition of the hon. gentleman to be that the House shoud not consider any amendments of the acot of 1848. He was exceedingly surprised that a motion to that effect should come from such a quarter. If the hon. gentleman were an admirer of the act of 1848 he could understand it, but the singular fact -was that the hon. gentleman particularly objected to that act. The hon. gentleman appeared to say that, as the House could not adopt the biUl of last year, therefore they ought not to adopt any lesserbill. The hon. gentleman appeared to be reviving the cry which was very powerfully raised some years ago in reference to the Reform Bill; and he seemed to say that he would have "the bill, the whole bill, and nothing bat the bill." But such a cry, however useful it might have been when originally raised, was very inappropriate now, because there was no possibility of getting the whole bill this year. Then came the question- would they have the instalment which he (Sir. Cowper) now proposed, or would they postpone the whole subject till next year?9 He had en-. deavoured, but in vain, to bring the wrhole subject under discussion this session; and he therefore thought the best way of dealing with the matter would he vto propose a bill that should contain clauses which woutld amend the bill of 1848 in its practical details, and which the local boards said prevented thesis from carrying on their work effidently. There -were many ambiguities in the law wbich it was desirable to get rid of. Alterations were also required respecting the power of purchasinrr land, the establishmg of gasworks, and other such practical matters. He thought it would be better to make these amendments in the law, and ithen proceed next year 'o deal with the other and more imPortant branch of the subject namely, those organicchanges which were deemed necessary in the constitution of the Board of Healtb,-such as the mode of voting, the qnalificalion of electers, and other machinery connected with the snore theoretical portion of the subject. He really thought that by thus .separating the practical details fromn the theeretical part of the bill he was advancing the object which the hon. gentleman himself wished to accomplish He was not Mwere that any part of tbe present bill would g;;ive -ise to any erious difficulty. But if any of the clauses should *per to require mnuch discusion he waajerfectly willing to pos pone the consideration of tbem to another year. He hoped the House would not shtut the door altogether against the enly amendments of the act of 1848 which he was now able to propose. There 'wars 209 towns in Dwhich the local healtjaboarzls existed. They were under local representa.-~ thve governmnent, and thecy wished the act under which thiey ministered to the health of the inhabitants to be amended. Mr. HENLEY believed that the act of 1848 -a not very popular and had not been very successful. That act was referred last year to a, select committee. After much discussion that committee produced a bill, dealing with most of the difficulties proposed to be dealt with by the present: bill, and with many otlers besides. For some reason, best known to himself, the right hon. gentleman did not pro. duce that bill. He had given no remaon 'why, except that it wsn more easy to take up a part of the subject than the whole. It would have been bht fair on the part of the right hon. gentleman, seeing that he had only taken a part of the bill :recommended by the select committee, if he had referred this limited bill to another committee, sO that soen reason might have been obtained whyitis smal portion of the larger bill should alone be submitted tohe Houe. But the right hon. gentleman said he wanted to clear up rome doubtful points, make some amendments, and ruppome ome defects. But the right bon. genteman would not pretend tosy that if this bill werere was themostremote chance, after the Boardof Helth should have obtined all the powers which this bill would give them, of any of those grievances which the anNie now suffered under 'bing attended to and redreiied. That was the real question which vws before the !louse. The right bon. gentleman had got himself clear of light and 'water by withdrawing the clauses relating to the water and gas companies; but he bad treated very lightlyr the fact that in different places the local heards of health had created great public nuisances. (Hear, htar.) The great sanitary improvement of the cotuntry had resulted in a vast system of what Wag; called pipe drainage. This vast system discharged all the filth of the towns somewhere. In this metropolis it was disebarged into the Thames; and the Metrapolitan Board of Works 'were now engaged in the undertaking of cleansing the Thames. But in the country the local boards of health were discharging their filth into the smiall streams, and they were thus converting those pure streams of vrater into poisonous open sewers. There were clauses in the act of 1848 which afforded some protecticn against this system; and the people were becoming aw;ake to - the evils with which they were threatened, and were pr-epared to say that the Board of Health should not poison the bi'Wh of the neighbourhood by polluting their -water. But by a little shorteclause in thebill now before the House, it 'was proposed to do aw ay wiSh all powver On the part of a court of lawt to interfere, and thus the owners of property 'world be lefft without any means of protection. That w.as a sample of what the right; hon. gentleman called an amend- enet of the law. It 'was an amendment of the law with a vengeance, hut was it ajustasnendment? ifany grievances complained of by the peoule were left wholly untouched; and, believing that it wcsld 'be a mere waste of time to go into committee, he should vote for the amendment. Mr. BAINES said, his right hon. friend had consented to postpone any clauses to which obiections of a serious nature were entertained; but there were portions of the bill involving, matters of great importance, as to which no doubt 'was entertained on either side, which it was desirable should be passed into a law. The firstpart of the bill was to continue the General Board of Health. It was trute that board would exist to the 1st of July next, and to the end of the then next session of Parliament; but his experience at the Poor Law Board convinced him that it was inost important not to defer the renewal of an act to the very last se-sion, because no one knew what would become of that session. It might be cut short at the end of the next 'week after it met. That par: of the biU ought, therefore, tobe passed. There were many other provisions which 'would afford no 'nmatter for controversy an committee. Mr. T. GREEINE said, if the bill were simply for the purcse of continuing the Board of Health for another year, o sould have noobjecion to assent to it; but he could n,ot give his support to any other portion of the bill; for if the present measure were passed they never would have the greater measure'whica had been promised and which the country required. M lr. BARROW was strongly opposed to going into committee on the bil. The IMouse owed it to its own dignity to reject the bi altogether, The Board of Health was established in 1848. and it; continuance limited to five years. He apprehended that thE limitation was in order to enable the House and the country to pronounce a deliberate opinion upon the working of the board, and also as to any alteration that might be necessary in its constitution. There had been something like an attempt made to give a select committee an opportunityto make t;hat inquiry, but none had been given to the public at large. The principle of this bil was to give to the ratepayer, heviVer nsmall his rate might be, a vote at the election of the local board, which board would have the pow er to rate tte owners of the very property of 'which those electors 'would he the temporary occupiers. The local board would have the power of mortgaging the property of the towns on which the rates were levied for a period of 50 yern. It was quite time that the machinery by which the loral boards were elected should be amended. Mr. T. DUNCOMBE said, he was much of the same opinion as the hen. gentlemanwbo had just sat dowvn. He could not give his vote for the bill on the ground laid dowvn by the hon. member opposite (Mr. Greene)-namely, that the Board of Health would expire nest year. The hon. member for Leeds :had endeavoured to alarm the House by representing that some dire calamitv would befal the country if the Board of Health were altogether to expire. Before, however, the House or the country felt any alare upon the subject it would be well 'to inquire 'what that board had done, what it had cost the country, and 'what it proposed to do. During this session he moved for a return, in order to ascertain what the board was about. Since 1848 the act was applied to nearly 300 towns, during the five years for which that act was passed. The act was then renewed for another year, and to the end of the nest session of Parliament. In 3.853 the act 'was applied by order of the General Board of Health to six towns, and by order of the Privy Counil to th:ree town;ns making together nine tow,ns; in 1854 and 1855 the art was applied by order of the boa rd to 13 towns, and by order of the Pri g Council to six. town;, niak;ing altogether 2S towns f rom 1853 up to the presenit year;* and the expenses incurred amounted to 36,0001. being a very pretty sum to be dealt with for these tow ns. It was newv proposed to continue the board for three years longer. The last bill did nct propose to renew the board for more than twoycars, one ofhch had already expi^i. He did net know whether there 'was any member prsr- - ^ho twra what was called an administrative reforr,. i. uB ibot seethehon. and learned memberforSneflield. ("Bear, hear," and laughter.) That Lon. and Icarroed member wa3 going to reform the Administrative Reform Association itself (hear, hear); he oughi, therefore, ,to be here. He 3s going to set us all to rights, not onily in Leadenhall-street, but in New Palace-yard, at Somerset-boss; m;d,the Admi-- ralty, at the Horse Guards, and at Downing-street. Bat if the hon. and learned gentleman would come down to this neighbourhood be would fini in acornerofa street a little hole called the Board of Health (laughter), and where he would discover comfortably ensconced a near relation of the Prime Minister, a brother of a Cabinet Minister, and the relative of another Cabinet Minister-all very snug berths for Ministerial patronage to bestow. (Hear hear.) No wonder Ministers want to continue the Board of Health. (Hear, hear.) The hen, member for Lancaster say; "Continue the board for another session." WVhy, I undertake to say that before the discussion closes the right hon. gentleman below me (Mr. Cow-pci) will jump at the proposition and be axious to accepttheboon for another year. But if the chairman of the Administrative Reform Association would just call in at the Board of Health he would find those three gentlemen I have named sitting there, and if he were to ask them what they were about, and sayto them-"Youcost thecountry a great deal, and wa have a right to askyou what you are about ? I am sure the right hon. gentleman the member for Hertford would reply-"That is the great difficulty. (Cheers and laughter.) We have nothing to do ; we want to know what we are to do, and how we are to humbug and delude Parliament, in order to get it to continue the board. We have one plan in our head; we are going to adopt the cowpox tbroughout the country, and 'e mean to superintend it. (Laughter.) WSe had also another plan, which we tried to accomplisb; we proposed that the President of the Board of Health should be president of the new council of medic.91men." Butthatbill (said the hon. member) has all of a sudd&n dropped; so that one of their supports is gone. But there is one more chance, and what, the House will ask, is that? Why, the Home Department proposes to trauifer the administration of the Burial Act to the Board of Health (laughter)-a very pretty. sequel! First you superintend the general health of the people; next, you promote vaccination; then you would preside over the medical boardl; and then, when the curtain drops, you come to the Bmial Board-the last shot you have. (Loud laughter.) I am against all the powerswhich tlhs bil confers. Let the people do the work themselves. I oppose the board on any terms. It has get one year to live; I hope itw ill be its last, and that we shall never hearof}it again. (Loudcheers.) The House then divided, wlhen the numbers were- For going into committee. ... ... 61 Against it .. .. .. ....7.3 Majority .-12 The bill was consequently lost. Mr. COWPER said that, under the eircumstances, he should adopt the suggestion of the right hon. gentleman the memberfor.Lancaster, and propose a continuance bill for one year. The statement of the hon. member for Finsbary sstothe expenses was not correct. He could assure the House that the only desire of the Board of Health was to do some work (laughter) for the b snsfit of the public. THE COURT OF CHANCERY (IREPMLD) RECErVERS BILL. This bill 'went into committee. Mr. WSIITESIDE proposed that a limit should be put to the power of appointing a receiver by enacting that no ie- ceiver should be appointed where the debt did not exceed 1501. a-year. Mr. HENLEY said, the mischief sndmiserythathad been worked in Ireland through the receiver system could hardly be exaggerated, and he did not think the bill was of a nature to overcome the evils. He would suggest, however, that a limit should be fixed below whch no receiver shouldbe appointed, not only as to the amount of the debt, but as to the amount of the rental of the estate on'which the receiver- ship was appointed. After some discussion, Mr. J. D. FITZGERALD expressed his willingness ts adopt the suggestions made, aod said he thought the limi- tation of the debt should be 15., and the lmitation of the rental 1001.; and he promised to bring up a clause on the third reading which should embody that provision. The bill then passed through committee. COURT or APPEAL ax CHANCERY (IRELAND) BILL. The House went into committee on this bilL. Clause S enacted that the court should consit of the- Lord CChaneellorandtwopuistneju geof the common law tourt4, whowere to eceive a salary o! 5,000?. a-year. Mr. WHI2TESIDE approyed the appoirtment of the Lord Chancellor to be a judge of the Court of Appeal, but he objected to the appointment of two puisne judges of the CoontMO laW courts to be the other judges. He was- anxicos thst the Governumet should give a distinct pledge that the ex-Chancellor Black- ' burneshouldbe one of the judges; He was a profound lawyer, and was at Dresent in the receipt of 4,000Q. a-year as a retiring pension. Thist san ought to be reckoned sz a portion of his salary. His senvices ought not to -be lost. to the country.-Bzttheannendment he-intended to propose vwas that, instead of confrmirtg the appointmant of the other udges of Appeal to the Puisae Judges; of the comnmon law coarts, th choice should he excluded to the elder mnembers ofthe bar-say ien of 23 yeay s standing. 3fr. NAPIER thought it would be better not to limit the choice of the Government, but to leave the whole field of the profession open to their selection. Mr. J. D. FITZGERALD said, the clause had been framed ia deference to the opinion of the majority of the comnittee, to whom the sabject had been referred, and that he himself had yielded a reluctant assent to it. le was quite willing to adopt either of the suggestions made. Mr. WHITESIDE thouaght it would be better to have some limitation of choice; bht; he had no objection to fix the number of years standing at the bar; 15 years to constitute the eligibility of a barrister to be appointed ajudge of the council of appeal. The amendmeint was agreed to. hlr. WHITESIDE said tho clause stated that the judges should hold their'offices during the pleasure of the Crown. This would be returning, to the days of the Stuarts. He moved that the "ords be altered to "during good bellaviour." - - MIr. FITZGERALD said he should not object to the amendment. Tho clause as amended was then agreed to, and the hill passed through committee. CUSTOMS. The report of the committee on customs was brought up, and a bilU brought in by Xr. Wilson, fonnded thereon, which was read a first time. The House then adjourned tiUl 6 o'clock. - The House resumed at 6 o'clock. Petitions were presented by Mr. ROLT, from Woolwich, against the scheme of the Metropolitan Board of W'orks, for discharging the sewage of the metropolis, north and south of the Thames, by outfaUs contiguous to those dense!y populateddistricts; by Mr. COLVILE. from clerks toattorneys and solicitors practising at Asliby de la Zouch, praying to be allowed to appear asadvocates in the County Courts ; by Mr. RrPTON', infavourof HealthotfTowasBill,fromthecorporation of Warwick; by Mr. MeoFFArr. from the parish of St. Dionis Backohurch, London, for alteration of the law in regard to church-rates; by Mr. CowAk , froni 936 inhabitants of Loanhead and neighbourhood, in the county of Edinburgh, praying that the Publichouses Act (Scotland) may be preserved in full efficiency, and be faithfully administered in every part of the land; by Colonel Duxco=an, from the Masham Mechanics' Institution, praying to be relieved from local taxation; by Air. ToTr_ssoAm, in favour of the Tenant right Bil, intaoduced by the hon. member for Mayo, from the New Ross board of guardians; by Mr. BENTINCK, from the medical officers of the GuiltcrosUnion, in the county of Norfolk, praying for redress of those grievances by which they have so long been oppressed; by Mr. OLIVEI.E, signed by the mayor, magistrates, aldermen, traders, and medical men of the borough of Sligo, in which they express an opinion that a reduction of the wine duties woald imnprove the moralsLnd social condition of the people, withont injury to the revenue, and increase the commercial intercourse between Ireland and continental States; by Mr. FULLER, from the medical officers of the Hailsham Union, praying for a redress of those grievances by whichthey have be en solongoppressed; by Mr. Desss'su.r, from the Board of Guardians of Leighton Buzzard Unaion, in favour of elective m anagement of county rates; and bylfr. - J. C. Ewaser from the Liverpool Law Society, in favoulr of the Wills and A dministrations BilL BISHOPRIC OF NEW ZEALAND. Sir J. PAXINGTON gave notice that on an early day n,ext session he would move an address to the Crown, pray. ing that an annual salary of 6001. be paid to the Bishoi of lN'ew Zealand, together :with the arrears of such salary which had accrued since its discontinuance. WEST IN1DIES. Air. I. EWART asked the Secretary of State for the Colonies when the geological suirvey, now understood to be enaldng of the West India Islands, would probably comraence in Jamaica? MIr. LABOUCHERE said that some time ago a wish was expressed on the part of someof the West India Islandsthat the Government would select a scientific person to survey the mineral resources of those islands. The Government stated their readiness to furnish such a person, and to defray his salary out of the funds of this country. provided the coloniesvwould agree to pay his expenses while he was engaged in the survey. Theyalso stated that the order in which the is7ands would he surveyed would depend on the order in which the colonies expressed their concurrence in theplan of the Government. The consequence ^was that Sir B. Murchison was asked to recommend a scientific person of experienes to he sent out, and such person had been appointed and sent out. The first island which intimated its concurrence in the Government plan was Trinidad, and the next was Jamaica. The gentleman selected would, therefore, go in tihe first instance to Trinidad and afterwards to Jamaica. APPELLATE JURISDICTION BILL. On the motion that the House at its iising (To adjourn till to-morrow at 3 o'clock, Lord J. RUSSELL rose and said that he observed among the orders of the day, " The Appellate Jurisdiction (House of Lords) Salaries and Retiring Pensions, -Committee thereupon." He was certainly surprised that this bill should be placed upon the orders of the day, seeing that only yesterday there had been a very long discussion on " ' mubject and a division, which showved that a great por' -'I J the House did not concur in the proposal of the i * er: nient. (Hear, hear.) Much of the principle of tLe bill depenidad on the amount of the salaries to be grantei to these appellate judges; and he therefore hoped that the G3ve-nment 5i1 no intention of going on with so important s bill to-night. T 'RANCELLOR ci the EXCHREQUER said, it was en. sID.e to introduce a clause into the bill fixing the ani .unt of the salaries without a previous resolution in rouuj1ittee of the Hcuse. That resolutionwould not fix the amount of the charge, but would merely enable a clause to be brought; up in committee on the bill, in which the amount vculd be fixed. It was the ordinary form observed by the ouse, and he trusted that no objecEion would be taken to it. Mr. IL CHAMBERS trusted that objection would be taken to it. (Hear, hear.) Sir. J. PAEINGTO1N.-Would this preliminary form pledge the House to the amount of salaries ? The CHANCELLOR of the EXCBlEQUEIL-Not at all. Mr. CARDWEIL wished to know whether, by this resolution, the maximum of the salaries would not be fixed ? The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER replied that the resolution would be in general terms, and would not fiLx the amount of the salaries. NATIONAL GALLERY SITE. Lord DRUMLANRIG appeared at the bar, and read the Queen's answer to the address of the House on this subject, in which HEr MJesty informed the House that she had directed a commission of inquiry to issue for the purpose desired by the House. The motion for the adjournment of the House, at its rising, till 3 o'clock, to-morrow (this day), was then agreed to. NAVAL OFFICERS. Captain SCOBELL, in sabmitting a motion relative to the disadvantageous position of certain officers in the navy, said, he should be very glad if the Admiralty would take the matter out of his hands, and save him the trouble of laying it before the House, for none could be more deserving of their consideration than the offisers whose cause he was about to plead. The officers to whose case he should first advert were the captains, commanders, lieutenants, and masters of Greenvich Hospital, to the number of 1S. The governor and lieutenant-governor had their half-pay besides their salaries, but there the half-pay stopped. It might be taken as a general rule that none but poor men wouldtalke Greenwich Hospital. Many of them had large families toe, and it was a "-reat consideration to them to get a residence free. They itad to pay rates and taxshwvr n they had dies to performnwhich put them to a certain amount of expense in uniforms acd the like These officers addressed a memorial to the Admiralty, praying for their half-pay, in the middie of last yoef a anto that the Admiralty replied that they hadl no power t grant their request. There appeared at that time to be some idea at the Admiralty that there -was an order in Council which did not allow of half.pas being gven to these oiicers; but that was found to be a mistake. lhey memocialized again inJanuary, and this time the answer given was that it was not deemed advisable to comply with their prayer. Acting en his (Captain Scobell's) advicethey memorialized again about six weeks ago, this time throngh their governor, who himself backed their request by a letter to the Admiralty. To this memoral they received a very cold reply, to the effect that the Admiralty "could not comply with their request." Xmny years ago the captains of Greenwich Hospital had the halfray of first-rates; since that timE the pay of first-rates had been increased same 50 or G' p^r cent, but the emoluments of the Greenwich captains remained exactly as tney were. Accordintg to a xeturn, moved for by Mr. Hume, in 1854, the Governor of Greenwich Hospital got 2,2661., including half-pay, and the Lieutenant-Governor 1,i561. a-year, including half-pay. The captains, including all emoluments, got 4561.; the commanders. 353.; the eight lieutenants, 275&.; the masters, 2451.; the two chaplains, wvho had not served for 50 or 60 years, and had not been wounded and cat to pieces, 5001. each; and the surgeon, 6501. If these arrangemonts had been intentional they would have bean most disgraceful. but he believed that no such bad intention existed. The officers at Greenwich both above and below these had their half-pay, and it was but fair that these officers should- ba p't upon an equal footing with their supeiiors and inferiors. Re ha im hiand an account showing the services of eac!e of these men. Of the four captains ono was 84 years of age, and had served 67 years; another, 71 years of age,- had served 56 years; another, 72 years of age, had served 58-years; and the last and T'oungest, 6b years of age, had served 47 years. The resu't of the account was that the 18 men had, in the aegregate, served 1,000, or an average of 55 years each. They had among them 42 wounds, including losses of legs, arms, and eye3 ; and had received 30 medals and clasps. The average,Period during which they enjoyedthe scantjy advantages of Greeawich was but nine years. li some cases men had died so poor that their widows had not been able to administer to their wills, or subscriptions had to bo rai:sed for the payment of debts which they had contracted in order to furnish their humble dwellings. They were all men a with families, having children ts educate; end they had not the mentus of showingtoedach other the-comrmon coertesis of life. -It the First Lord of the Admiraly doabted this, Xe hi-n go and dine with one of them. The sum which would be required to give thdee men their half-pay was ais snonuch as the salary ot the Firt I.e--d of the Admirilty. No-doubt the right hon. bronet (Sir C. Wood) was i w excellent First lord, but he (Captain Seobell) did not se) why thousands should be lavished on those who did duty a- Whitehall while-those who had done their duty and hi-i sgill to discharge chiies at Greenwich were regleced. IFr i should be said that these gentlemen, when they went to Greeniich, knew wlat their emolumenti would be. he would reply that during the time that -the present First Lord o the Admiralty ws Presidentof the Board of Control his salary was increased by about O1O0. a-year. E1 1might ibe sked what the ofELera of the hosptal said to this request. The memorial having beem referred to the Cain. misiovers of Greenwich Hoepetal, they said, in a letter to the Admiralty, that as the funds of the hospital were actaffected, tneyhadno opinion to offer, but stated. at the same time, their conviction of the justice of the claim and also of the value of the boon to the memorialisth. Ikh lieutenant-governor had also written a letter in which he recoamniended that this small addition should be nade to the itutanos of these offioers Ast year his bon. and llant iriend the member for Christchurch (Admiral alcott) brough.t forward the case of Captaisn Dickinson. That officer same uhp Ifthim (CaptaSinScobell) in the lobby, and said-ti-at If -th Rue 0 efnsed his requLest it would be thie death of him. The motion was lost by a sninoiity of one, and within a month the gallant captai was dead. There were civil service clerkcs some of them connected with the Admiralty, who had 70. 8001., or 1,000 . a-year retu.e- ment. 'What business had they to bave more than these cid mibthil Was this the way in which warriurs::-in which in so whmhe- fugtan be fo uther ountrywerotobe trea.t-A? M!any public situations were held by naval officers who re,ceived half-pay.-It asxreoeivedhbyJ-Lordss of the AdaLiialty being naval captains, by the Controlier of the Coast. guard, by the Deputy-Controller, by the Usher of the Black Rod, by the two Comnmissioners of Greensiwh Hspital, thecapssains commanders, and massters serving tinder the ColonsaliLand and Emuigration Commussioners by the naval oflicers serving under the Board of Trade,~ and by those Ensployved in the Customs. CapLtain Drewv, the sthr&ele2per a^t the Cape of GcodHonh i7so obthined hal7f-pay, Yet none Qf these gentlemen hadl nearly so strong. a cum as the class of officers whose cause- he was advocating. Their case was one of such -hardship that it could not bear scrutiny, and he entreated the noble lord at the head of a Government which called itself "Liberar' to (lo jStice tD these agedand meritoriousofficers. Coming nextto the old comvnaudersandlientenantsin-the-navy,theirpositioin was certainly a most extraordinary one. He had inhis hand a list of retired captains numbering 100, to whom had been lately added about 141 more. Before being DIaced on tLut list they a7 received lOs. per diy, and now 10s. G0. was given to thera. The first 100 of these officers, none of whoin had served lees than 50 years, were clearly entitled to rank with cclonels in the army, each of whom received 14s. 6d. per day if in the infantry, and Ifis. 6d if in the cavalry. Why this disparity of remuneration in favour of the army and against the navy? The fact was that the formaer service was more effectually represented in Parliament, and if such a grievance as he was describing existed in the army it would be rung in the ears of the Honse-and very properly so-once every week, until it was redressed. But, happening in the navy, the thing was not exposed; although it could not be supposed that tne country begrudged fair and equal remuneration to the officers of both services, rank for rank. Bnt this was not alL By the warrant of last year 00,000?. per annum was apportioned among ofricers of the army to induce them to retire on fnU pay; while not a single man in the navy could retire on full pay. It was manifest, then, that these naval offi3ers -were grievously oppressed. The old commanders were in this position :-tbere werejISi on the a ctive list, and of these 342 most efficient men were unemployed. There were 97 reserve commanders. v;ho had all served upwards of 40 years and been decorated -with medals, now receiving 7e per day -an allowance far below that paid to a major in the army, of corresponding ra2 1; 100 retired commanders only reoeived Ss. 6f. per day, beingo0xl- lessthanamajor; whileanother listofretfred,commanders,-246innumber,onlyobtained7g.The old naval lieutenants were not better off-indeed, the lower they descended ia rank the greaterth7 would findthe hard ship. Only 13 ont,of between X0 and 7O0 retired lieutenants got 7s. - 150 of them got(6s.; and the remainder, thouglh many had been wounded, and wore several medeion their breasts, got but Ss. This was the reward given to men who had bond file the same rank as. captains of marines and - captains in the armny, whoze allowance was 7s. He had calculated the service of 2'1 modern lieuatenants, with such names as Rowley, Balfour, and the like, and found that when put together it only amounted to 74 years; while the service of the same number of old officers of corresponding rank amounted in the aggregate to 700 vears. The latter 20 bore such plebeian names as Smith,Thompson. White, &ad Johnson (a laugh, and vere men who, of cours never got on, but were left half-starving. The 20 who had been so rapidly advanced had only three medala among them; while the men who had been kept back had almost allmedals a-piece. This was an illu-tration of the treatment received by the navy; and if the House, now that it had been made acquainted with the system pursued, did not see that it was speedily amended, it would be responsible for all the oppression which that system inflicted. This question was one wholly unconnected with party considerations, and mightbeimpartiallyanddispassionatelydealt vith. Ifhismotionweronotfavourah1v entertainedbytheFirst Lord of the Admiralty, he should feel it his duty to divide the House. It was not enough for him to expose the injustice done to deserving officers- he must take the opinion of the House whether that injustice should be suffered to continue. He was actuated by no personal feeling, although his own name was o2a one of these lists. He had been placed on half-pay much against his owvn wish and although he had used every exertion to get afloat he had not sufficient interest to accomplish his object. If he had had nothing to depend upon bhut the pittance he re ceived as pay he must have been half starved and he could not have worn a gentleman's coat on his back. The hon. and gallant officer concluded by moving, "That, in the oninion of this House the disadvantageous position of the captains, commanders, lieutenants, and masters of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and of the retired captains under the Orders in Council of 1SAI, 1851, and 156, and of the senior commanders and lieutenants of Her Majesty's navy, is worthy of the early and favourable consideration of the Board of Admiralty." Sir G. PECEETBLL observed that his hon. and gallant friend had made an appealto the First, Lord of the Admiralty on behalf of the officers to whose case he had called attention; but the person upon whose heart it w.s necessary to produce an impression was the Chancellor of the Exchequer (a laugh), -who exercised control not only over the Board of Admiralty, but over all other boards. He (Sir G. Pechell) might remind the House that, although officers who were placed in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich as a reward for their services were deprived of half-pay officers, who held civil appointments were allowed to receive half-pay. For a series of years the naval Lords of the Adiralty, whnse salaries were 1,0001. a-year, did not receive half-pay, blt a very cunning and clever secretary to the Admiralty found out an act of Parliament, under the provisions of which the Lords of the Admiralty might receive their half-Day; and it was speedily arranged that they shouLld not only enjoy halfpay for the future, but that they should receive the bickpay of which they had been deprived. He hoped the case of the officers to whom his hon. fiiend's motion referred wonld be ts.len into consideration by the Government. He (Sir G. Pechell) had brought the subject under the notice of the House on several occasions some years ago, and he had suggested that the amnount received for the conveyance of bullion in Her :lajesty's ships from South American ports, asnormting to some 50,000?., or 00,003X., or 70,0001. a-year, might be applied to meet the claims of these officers; but he Could never induce the First Lord of the A dmiralty to turn his attention to the matter. Admiral WALCOTI had thought it his duty, when the gallant officer (Captain Scobell) placed his motion on the paper, to go. to Greenwich Hospital for the purpose of procuring the best information in his power on the subject. He there addressed himself to the Governor, Sir James Gordon, who, with a singleness of mind and sincerity of heart and purDose that did him the highest honour, freely communicated to him his own sentiments, and made Isim acquainted, as far as lay in his power, with all that he desired to lsiow. In making one or two observations, he should set out with stating that the officers of Greenwich Hospital were paid out of the funds of the hospital and received nothing from the GC:vernment; that upto 1812 the salaries were arranged by the authorities of the hospital; and that up to 1S29 the half-pay of those officers was paid into the Exchequer, the nomination of the officers being in the same year transferred from the hospital to the Admiralty. From that time to this nobody could say what had become of the half-pay, but this much was certain, that it was not recelved by these oificers. He contended that half-pay was given for good and meritorious services performed, and not in anticipation of future services. (Hear, hear.) Those officers were deterred for even entering on actual service, and therefore the Admiralty was not justified in-withholding from them the half-pay to which they vere justly entitled. The Governor of Greenwich Hospital told him that these officers obtained their nomination at a very advanced period of life for wound. received or for gallant service. They had a house given them, bht no farniture, and in order to furnish it they were generally obliged to go to their agent and borrow money. If they did not live sufficiently lonC to repav the agent, the consequence was that the furniture was sold and their familes were left in a state of great distress. Beoause the fund of the hospital provided for the officers, the existence of sack ai fund should not he considered in bar of their half-pay. (Hear.) On what plea did the governor and lieutenant-governor of the hospital receive their half-pay, when, as the governor himself told him, they had no claim to it which these officers did not possess? (Hear, hear.) It, must not be supposed they had no duties to perform, as they were placed over some hundreds of old men, who required a great deal of care and attention. (Hear.) He would not go into any invidious comparisons of the difference of pay received by officers in the two services, but he would remind the House that the surest evidence of the decline of a nation was its neglect of those who had fought its battles in the hour of need. (Hear, hear.) He earnestly inmplored the First Lrd of theAdmiraltytotakethemotion of the hon. and galLant member opposite into his favourable -consideration, and he would only ad that no circumstance of his hfe would give him mere- gratification than that he had raised his voice n the Hlouse of Commons in support of the claims of these poor and meritorious offioers. (Hear, Sir 0. WOOD did not know whetber it was owing to any change that had taken place in the constitution of Parlia ment, but when he first knew the House of Commons it exercised very considerable i-nfuence in checking the disposition of Governments to unnecessary expenditure That was noW very much reversed, and in order to prevent an increase of-expenditure the Government were obliged to check motions made in the Rou6S, from time to time, in favour of the claims of particular classes of officers or other public servants, and these often made entirely without reference to claims of- others. (&ear, h.er.2 -The boe. -and_-P-g 1t 'M=I*f who introduced thl sutbjeict ae that -offimoe, of the -avy or the main r 'with6 thoa ih -the army not receive Yioh me aneot o*f lalfpay, btit he forSot that the off&ern of the army puxehass 'their comnmmiionr and tbhatheir hsf.payr mihtbe b in the light of intereat on the perchase-money of thoe nommnissions. It would be re!nemebered that on one oaooon am blon. gentleman brought forward the case of the offiEcs of Marines as one of great hardehfpe He (8ir C. Wood zepreseuted at the time that they -were really beUer paid ta tho officers of the naTy of corresponding ank, but the Hous', was of a diffierent opinion, and it -- carried that evry' - officer of Marines ought to have a hiher Tak of pay; jnd -i nowr his hon. and gatlant fried brought forwrd the cme of tfienaqy officers in their tur, IQ 7this way the Hous. ~of Commons wras evu' owr aa'd then ta.ing inp ivldi4-, *vidual eases, one at a time, without taking a 'e,eral vievr of the different branches of the service. (hear, hiear ) With regard to tlhe firs clivaof oiocers hoa ese hia b3enF brought beforo tbe House, thecaptain and commanders of Greenwich Hospital, oertanly le was quits dispoe to.. agreein the well-merited eulogium which oa1 been pid, them. The governor w one GE the most distinguished officers in the servics, and the lientenaut-governor andother, officers had served with great distinction. Sir T. Gordon3 ; had received one of the few prizes in the naval service, andk` he should be sorry to see his emo7lument redu.ce-. But thehon. and ga.llant xuenberhadforgotten the differencebetwoeesa the 2ay of active servriceand the retirement allowrance for past sarvacs. The chaplain and surgreon of Greenwich HospitaL' were actively em7ployed in the duties of their ppcofession. The'. surgeon-was not ;ppointedforhis pastrices,butforhis' surgical kill, and it was not quie fair1therefore,- to compire the salaries and emoluments given tothe ocers of Creenwich Hospital with the 'ay for pat: services. The, sufgeon might not have beenwoundedor shed his.blood ima defenice of his country, but lie was 'paid for 'performing active surgical duty in the hospitaL With regard to thenavalLords of theAdmiralty,`anactof Parlia meutwwa passed 24 years ago regul,ating their salaries. It was then considered thatihesalariesthey received s Lordsrof7the Admiraltywrer' lowinproportion to their dutiesand position. nd it was providedthat they shouldreceivetheiralozfay inAdd itiontothatt salary. he hon. and gallant ofcer apeared 'to be labouringunder some misapprehension 'ith segard to the amount; reodived by the oficersto whom he had referredL When he' wvas told that these appoinltments were not -worth having, he did not find that this was the 'view taken oE them by the' naval profession, by whomthey were considered not at all bad places, and who were an.ious to obtain them. The hon. and gallant offlcer said that-the officers of Greenwicta Hospital were- inadequately xemuneratedL Their dutics were, however, of a light character, and if the lion. ana gallant member compared their half-pasy and allowances with the half-ray of officers of higher rankl, le' would find that, ahey were mot so inadequately remsnerated as he seemed to think. The half-pay of a vice-ad- miral was 5931. a-lear. The captains in Greenwich Hos- - pital were found in apartments. It was difficult to esti. mate the value of the apartment, bat one of the comman- - ders was not provided with apartments, an& he receive4 21. 12s. Gd. in lien thereof. Put'.:g this estimate them upon the value of these apartments, the emoluments of the, captains inGreenwich Hospital *ere 593f., being 21. morem than the half pay of a vice-admiraL He cold, not honestlysay that he thought that a very inadequate payment for a naval ofEcer of the rank of captain. The half-pay of a rear-admiral was 45. a-year. The allowance of & commander of Greenwich Hospital might be estimated at 4921., being 361. more than the half-pay of a rear-admiraL The lieutenants of Greenwich HosDetal received an allowance of 417L, taking apartments into account5 which was. more than the hal-pay of a captain. He could not 5say therefore, that the retired allowance was insufficient forofficers oftheirrank. Thegallantadmiralhad complained.: of a letter in which the Acmirnaty Etated that it was not. in their power to give these officers half-pay in addition to ; their allowances. That was true, because the Admiralty coild not give them half-pay without the sanction of the - Treasury. WhenaheAdmiraitywere againappliedtothey:. replied, "We cannot do it." He new nothing discourteous in that reply, which ws simply true. In considering this question the HoUse were bound to regard it in relation toe the general question of aUowinghalf-pay to bereceived witl other emoluments derived from the public. The hon. and gallant admiral (W!alcott) had declared that half-pay wass a rewvard-for past services, and not a retainer for fature services. [Admiral Walcott.-"It is a retainer, I admit."] Them it 'was not simply a reward for past, servces as the hon. and galant admiral seemed to think;. Admiral WALCOTT.-That is still my belief. Sir C. WOOD could assure the lon. and gallant admiral that he was quite nmist"-en; it was both a zeward for past. and a retainer for future services. It was in the pov.er of the Treasury toallow half-pay, w ith other emolumlents; but it w;as generally twithheldl when other eumoluments were~ enio0yed. Considering the amaount which the officers of Greenvwich Hospital receivedl one wyg or the other, he did not think the decison not to allowv them half-pay so exceedinglv hard, and if they were allowed it, a large class of offlcersin athe couiLtry, who-,were receiving other emolnments, swould also press their claims upon the Government. (Hear.) With regard to the -old commaniders and lieutenants, Government had onlv this year asked for an increased vote of 11,0001. a-year for the purpose of making additions to their half-pay. A considerable number of commanders had been given the Tank of captains, with the lowest half-- pay of captans; those v.who lad not obtained that advan- tage'wouldbecomeentitledto it by seniority as vacanciesccurred; and on looking through the list he could not see; eny great number with any skor,sg claims on the score of serThis. With regardbtoteold lieutenants, hecould only repeat; what he had said on a former occasiOn. Promotions were made largely in the years 1S14, 1815, and 1816, and it, was perfectly-impoesible thatanygreat number could afterwards be employed. The consequence was, that very few ha:! seen much Pea service. They had received half-pay for 40' years; they now reoeived a hiher rate of half-pay, and v nuinber had been 'promoted, the number of commanders having, last year, been increased He quite agreedthat. it was unjust not to reward officers who had devoted themselves to the service of the country, and he diR not believe5 Parliament would begrudge the application of public money to officers who had distinguished theamselves; bat, he much. say thata great nuraber of lieutenants who had served in the late war had seen far longer sea service than the oldl lienteLants, and there was no reason, in his opinion, why the HIouse should vole a larger sum to the latter officers Hae believed he had now replied to all the noints touched upon by the hon. and gallant member, and explained to the Hoasa why he thought there was no ground for giving still larger boons than had already been extended to these officers. (Hear, hear.) Sir C. NAPIEll 'was sorry that the First Lord of the Admiralty had iised up the captains' claims with the' commLnders' and lieutenants'. He quite agreed that a. great deal had been done for the commanders and lieutenants, but he thouiht the officers of Greenwich Hospital were not treated with the liberality which the Admiralty, ought toeihibit. (ear, hear.) The naval Lords of the Admiralty received half-pay, in addition to their salary; and, if the uiited amount of salary and half-poy was only preper remuneration for the naval Lords, he should like to Icnow how it was thatthe yrLords did notreceive 6001. or 700/. a-year additional salary to make their remuneration equal? Alithe members of the Board of Admiralty were inm the same beat, and they ought not to make fish of one and flesh of the other. $. laugh.) HIe did not think the comparicon betwveen G:aenvwich captains and vice-admirals a fair one, because the vice-admirals were on the activelist, while the Greenwich officers had tatally retired from the service. The Greenwich officers could get no further, and whether prrvisions were dearer or cheapar their pay was exactly the same. They were in a most pitiable condition. They had formerly been forced to live, perhaps in a small cottage in the country. They rams up to Greenw ich to good and large apartments. They were obliged toS borrow. money of their agents tos fit out t.he apartments, and whEen they were remaoved by the hand of Providence' their widows and families were left ina 'very precarious position. That was the case of nine out of 10 of nil the Greenwich officers, and he could not understand why they should not receivo the same advantage as other naval officers holding different situations in the country. For instance the 'Usher of the Blackl Rod received a large salary and he also received his half-pay. (Hear.) Heconsideredthatthe Board of Admiralty bad behaved well in giving to wounded officers appoiltusents to Greenwich Hospital. hut at the same time he did not think those appointments were sufficient rewards. While the governor, the lseutenant-governor,and the Commissioners of Greenwvidl Hospitalenjoyed their half-pay, he (Sir C. Napier) could see no reason for a distinction between them and the officers - of lower grade. exoept, perhaps, that the higher officers had more influence and inberest. The House had perceived the ijustice of representationsiname of the case of Sir J. Gordon. whose salary as governor was only equal to his pension nnd haf-pay, leaving his house as the only benefit he derived from his appointment in Greenwich Hospital. In that case the Eirst Lord of the A dmiralty had no difficulty in persuadingthe Treasury to allow thu increased emolaments, and it was to he hoped. after the discussion of that evenilg, the present First Lord would see the propriety or allowing te junior of'icers of the hospita to receive their half-pay. At this point, upon the motion of an hon. h ifEit, the Housewas counted, but accesions from other parts of the' building having raised! the number of menbers present to 40, the debate was res uuied by hir. M. CHAUIBERS, who drew the attention of the - HIouse to the fact that the salaries of the officers of Greenwich Hospital were defrayed from a special and private. fund, and asked whether, under such circumstances, it was right that the nation should save the half-pay of officers who.- Nwere appointed to fll situations in that institutions Captain SCOBEL1, :in reply, complained bitterly of the cold-hearted msanner in wrhich the First Lord had treated the question, rnd was glad that no naval Lord of the Admi- ralty had risen to defed vthe injustice he had brought under. tbe notice of the House. Admiral BERKELEY did not think.: his right hon. friend had shown that want of heart and that cruelty ascribed to> bim by the hon. and gallanit meriber. Tne First Lard could not look at this an an isolated case; he could Dot, in his position, give way to feelings which, as an individual, he woullod perhaps williegly indulge in. In the opintion express:ed by the First L_ord, he (Admniral Berkeley) was obliged to concur, but,, although he might express that opinion. he would not. ield to any one in wishing to see justice done to his'brother officers, whether they belonged tutheavrlatocracy orto the lowter grades of the service. The House divided, ad the numbers were- For the motion - .. ... ... Against it ..S Pajority . - -7 LIEUTEXANT-COLONELS OF THE ARBMY. Colonel LINDSAY 'then rose to move thatanhumbl6 aadres-s be presented to lHer Majesty, praying that she wouldbegraciously pleased tohtake into consideration the iniurr' inflicted on these lieusant-oiessels of the army who attained that rank -before ihe 20th day of June, 154, and whohad been superseded by ibe retrospective actionL of the warra77t of the 6th day of October, 1854. He said that the object of his motion wavssim;ply to obtain justice for a body" of officers who had faisUfy isred their country, an tihe
PARLIA MBNJTA IE'e YfOTICES HOUSE OF COMMONS. VDNrDAY. TTrr.V 0 o71nFw<: fw ernv n.v Civil Sece,-Comitteethereupon. 'Tenant Right (Ireland) BDL-Committee. Judgmenta Execution, &c.. RilConmmittea. Gaols. &c., Bill.-Seeond reading. Procedure and Evidence Bill,-Committee. Joint Stock Banks BiD,-Adjourned debate on going into comciitee. Poor Law (Ireland) BiD.-Adlourned debate on second reading. Scientific and Literary Societies BiIl.-Committee. Ecclesiastical Coarts Jurisdiction BiU-Second reading. Testamentary and M,Iatrimonial JurUisction Bil,-Seccnd reading. Reformatory and Indutrial Schools BilLcsideration ofLorls' menidments. Grand Juries BDIL-Consideration of lords' amendments. lUnlawful Oaths (Ireland BDil,-Second reading. Railways Act (Ireland), 785J, ContinuanceBiDl,-Secondreading. Turnpike Acts Continuance (Ireland), BiD,-Second reading. Customs B;l.-Siecond reading. -Judges and Chancellors BilU.- Committee. Wils and Adminictratious BDD,-Commiitee. XIay and Straw Trade Bill,-Second reading. Civil Service Superannuation BilL-Committee. Encumbered Astates (Ireland) Bil,-Third reading. Asqed Taxes AcrtR-Committee. Appellate Jurisdiction (House of Lards) (Salaries and Retiring Pen44ons,-Ccmmitt. e.' Consolidated Fuand (Appropriation) BiI,-Scond reading. Criminal Justice BDIL-Second reading. ldhlitia Pay BI,-Seeond redig. .1OTSCE,3 OF 3EOTI0S-b. Mr. Locke King-To ask the Attormey-General vhen he intendi to fi .tthq information laid aginst the trustee3 of the Clapham Church ard .hapel of Ease. fr. Mlassey,-Bill to indemnify such persona in the umited hmgdom as hare omitted to qualify themsetles for o1iices and em.ployoZents, 'and to extend tbe time lismiLs for those purposes respective,y. Sir G. Grey.-Bill to coutinue the act to faciitate the management aud improvement of epi,copal ard capitular estates .n Eng;and. Mdr. t'owpe-Bill to continue the Ueneral B03rd of Health for one sear. Coptain O'Coanell.-On question that Mr. Speaker do leave the chaL- to go into committee on theTenant Bight IeLand) Bill, to move that it eaninstruction tothecommittee tcnsider ihe custom of enant rightinertainpartsof thenorthof Ireland. rith a view to sanbi,-- it the balis of the compensation clauses of the biLl. rdr.&Caufurl,-In commnittee on Judgments Exeeution, &c., BiLl to 2nove amendments.
cour OF COMMUOXN COUtYaIz. On Monday, a special court wFas held for the purpose of considering the propriety of presenting a petition to Parliaueat Sn favour of a hill for the extension of the franchise f or warTd elections. There wras a large attendance of members of both Courts. THE LATE INUhNDATIONS fl FRANCE. The LORD 3ML,YoR said he had received a letter, of which i-he following is a translation, from the Prefect of the Seine- "Paris, June 28. "My Lord,-Your Lordship idndly informs me that the {Common Council of the dty of London have determined to -contribute a sumn of 5001. to the subscription for the relief of the snfferers by the inundations in France. "The Municipal Corporation of Paris, wvhom I shall not forget to acquaint with the fact, will certainly be much nffected by the feeling of brotherly sympathy, which, on such an occasion, has led the Corporation of the city of London to join its efforts totheir own. " Be pleased to accept, my Lerd, the assuance of mny W.ih consideration and devoted respect. "The Prefect of the Seine, "1Baron HAussmANw. "To his Lordship the Right Eon. the Lord Mayor of the Cty of L-ondon." Cn tte motion of Mr. ANDERTON, seconded by Mr. Pnsrcm-s, it was unanimously resolved that the letter be ,ntered on the-journals of that Court. Depaty HALE brought up a report from the committee 4aDposnted to prepare a bill to extend the franchise at ward elections in tha city of London. In moving the adoption of the report, he said that the committee had the .wusurance that, if the present bill were introduced into the House of Commors, it would receive the support of Lord John Russell. (Hear, hear.) The present constituency -naounted to about 5,8C0 or 6,000, and if the bill pzased it would increase the number of thoEe who would have the zight of voting for municipal officers to about 15,000. if -the Government would lend a helping band, and the bill 'were passed, tho Court, after the prorogation of Parliament, ,could proceed to frame another measure for the urpose of mneetiin other public requirements. (Hear, hear.r * M3r. H. W. vsnr,sT seconded the motion. Mr. HL L. TA.Lop. ridiculed the idea of coming forward -t sch a late eriod of the session with what he termed a aniserable m odicum of reform. He believed that if Parliament were foolish enough to allow the bill to be brought -forward, the Corporation of London would do nothing more in the shaPe of reforming itself till they found another bill-emanntingfrom the House of Commons which would bring them to their ceases again. ("Bear," and "No, no.') If they 'wished to avert the storm that d been hangiag over their scads for the las three months, it was not by hinin forward a mea_ure of that kind, but really and truly to cesumence somne reform withini themselves -which they had -the power to effect if they had but the inclination. (Ha, hear.) Buttheylacledtheinclination, After some discuscion, Mr. Rov;s moved as an amendment that the further coni sideration of the report boadjounied. This amendment was seconded by Mr. YoimG. Several other members addressed the Court, after which ibo smendment ws put, andlost by a large majority. The original motion was then carried 2aid chcers. Deputy HAiE movwd-`That the Court petition tho -loumeof Commons in favour of the bill."r Deputy HOLT Eeconded the motion. Mr. }E L. TAY.O, moved as an amendment, " That the 'bill be read." M;r. Yousa seconded the amendment, which was lost. On a division there appeared- For thecriginl moticn. 54 Against it . .... 18 majority ... ..I ..... -36 A petition waa then ordered to bo pre6ented irx favur of thebs ax4 thse Cout *djoum
3fOKR 7-MA RKETand CITYINTELLIGFNCE. Tuesday Evening. The quotation of gold at. Paris is about 5 per mille premium, and the short exchange on tondon is 25025 per 11. sterling. On coniparing these rates with the English Mint price of 31. 17s. 10L er ouniee for standard gold, it appears that gold is iearly 2-lOths per tent, dearer in Paris tlun in ILandau. | By advices frora Hamburg the pdre of gold Is 423 per mark, ana the short exchange on London ii; 13-40; standard gold, at the English Mint price, i: therefore rathermore thanu2-l0ths per cent. dearer hi London than in Hamburg. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 davs' sight is 110 per cent., which, as compared writh the bEnt par between the two countries, showfs that the exchange is slightly in favour of England;> antd, after makdng allowance fer charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves a trifling profit on the importation of gold from the United States. The change of weather and the recent exports of sDecie caused the English funds to open with flatnees this morning at the closing prices of yesterday, but the market subsequently exhibited a tendency to improvement. Consols weme first quoted 954 to g, and, after having remained without any material variation until the afternoon, they advanced, under the influence of a large purchase for the account, to 954 to 1, at which they left ofF. Bank Stock closed 217 to 218a; Reduced, 96 to i; New- Three per Cents., 96> to 97; India Stock, 232 to 234; lbdia-bonds, 18s. to 22s. premium; Exchequerbonds, 100k to i; and Exchequer-bils, 17s. to 20s. premium. There was little activity in foreign securities, bat quotations were rather firmer towards the close. Turkisis) Six per Cents. were first dealt in at 104, and after receding to 103. recovered to 1O4 . The final qnotation, owiing, however, to renewed sales, was 104 to t. In the Guaranteed Four per Cents. the tran-actions were at 106 and 106a. The gene. ral business comprised-Brazilian Five per Cents., 102k; the Small, 102X; Rothschild's Five per Cents., 102M ; Ecuador New Consolidated, 14I; Peruvian Thiree per Cents, 57-i; Russian Five per Ceats., for account, 113; Sardaiian Five per Cents., 92Air; for the account, 93; Spanish Three per Cents, 46k; the Certificates of Coupons, 69; Dutch Twoarnd-a7half per Cents, 65; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 97A. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon there was a!decline in the rate upon Holland. With regard to other pieces the quotations were the same as last post. At the first general meeting of he Bank of Londcn, held to-day, Sir J. V. Shelley, P..P., presiding, the dlividend declared was at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, free of income-tax, and the report and accounts were unanimously adopted. The attendance of shareholders was numerous, an evident anxiety being felt to ascertain the progress of business. It was stated by the chairman, that since the bank commenced operations it has experienced a steady increaseof prosperity,whichhas-in a great degreebeen producedbythe exertionsof theproprietors. l'he results show a balance to the credit of profit and loss of 37,4171. after the payment of 19,5S61. to customers for interest. This intimation was received as satisfactory, and it was agreed to select three auditors to examine the accounts. An adjournment Wds accordingly asranged until these shaU have reported in regu lar form. It was explained that the present meeting would not have been called previously to an auidit, had it not been required by the provisions of the charter, and also that the directors were anxiouis the shareholders should exercise their privilege of selecting those officers from among their own body. Three auditors were then elected. In answer to questions it was mentioned that the Bank of London is not connected with the Bank of London and National Provincial Insurance Company except in the relationship of landlord and tenant, the latter having taken part of thLe premises of the bank and having introduced a good account and business. Some of the directors of the Bank of London are on the board of the Bank of London and National Provincial Insurance Company, and Sir J. V. Shelley is a trustee, but in other respects there is no association whatever. The Bank of London has not yet been admitted to the facilities of the clearing-house, but there is anexpectation that, at the close of the twelve- month, the necessary arrangements WMil be made. I After some discussion a vote of 2,5001. was placed at the disposal of the directors for past services, and their future remuneration is fixed at 3,0001. per annum. Annexed is an abstract of the reporb " The charter of incorporation provides that the accounts be made up to the 30th of June and the 31st of December in eacii year. Business having been cornmenced on the 22d of August. 1855, the first settlement of the accounts took .place on the 31st of December in that year, but the time which had then elapsed since the opelil,g was too brief to render it desirable to call the proprnetary together at that period. Ten months bave passed, and the directors have now to present their first report, vwith a statement of accounts to the 30th of June, 1856. The progress made in the acquisition of business has been satisfactory. On the 31st of December, 185, the amount due on current and other accounts was 611,948?.; on the 31st of Mlarcb, 1856, it stood at 956.908E., while on the 30th of June, 1856. it reached 1,401,2591. The accounts presented show that, after payment to customers of a sum of 19,536C. for interest allowed on their balances, there remains a sum to be carried to profit and loss of 37,4171. By the charter of incorporation the directors are rc quired to form a reserve or guarantee fund to guard against contingencies, and are empowered, if they shall see fit, to abstain from declaringany dividendfor the furstyear, and to carry all the profits to the reserve fund. L ooking to the satisfactory commencement of business, the directors feel it is not necessary to resort to the precaution of reserving the wvhole of the first year's profits; at the same time they desire to act with caution in making the present appropriation; and, after mature deliberation, they have arrived at the following conclusions :-'It has been resolved that, of the sun of 37,4171. carried to profit and loss account, there be appropriated 6.6201. for current expenses, income-tas, and for bad and doubtful debts; that 6,2651. be carried to profit and loss new account, as rebate of interest on bills discountednotyetdue ;tbatl,0001. be appliedtowardswritingoff preliminary andbuildingexpenses; that ofthesnumremaining there be now paid a dividend after the rate of 5?. per cent. per annum (free of income-tax) from the date of the commencement of business; that 8,0007. be applied as the basis of a reserve fund, and that the balance, 2,568?., be carried forward. The charter also requires that the auditors now to be elected by the proprietors shall be allowved 28 d,ys for the perfonnance of their duties6 and an adjournment of the mieeting will consequently be necessary. As it will be convenient that in future years the audit of the accounts should precede the declaration of a divide-nd, a resolution will be submitted to the meeting for their approval, enabling the directors to call the annual general meeiting at some period between the 1st and 15th of August in each year, by which means the accounts to the 30th of June annually may be presented to the shareholders, duly certified by the auditors; snach an arrangement is impracticable on this occasion, n consequence of the provisions of the charter requirng the firstmeeking to be held before the 10th of Jully,186. it is the intention of the directors in future to declare a dividend half-yearly, provided the profits of the banlc shall justify them in so doing, the final appropriation of the year's profits being declared after the 3th of June in each year. Lr.IABIrrr}Es AND AssETs, JUNB 30, 1856. DE.  s.d. To capital paid up . .. 300.00 0 0 To anount due bytheBanlkoncurrent and deposit accounts ... ... ... ... ,363841 17 3 To amount carried to credit of " profit and Iom"account (after payment to customers of 19,5861. 2s. Id. for interest) ... ... 37,417 15 7 1,701.259 12 10 Cit By investments, vim, In Govermment securities In other securities ... Bybillsdiscounted, loans, casb, &c. ... ByBankpremises,Thread. needle-street (freehold) By building etxenses, furmtcare, fittings, &c., Th:readneedle-street, and Charing-cross ... By preliminary expenses -inz., deed of efttleme:st, charte-, adver- . 2 s. .I 312,050 9 11 24,087 18 7 336,138 8 6 1,285,424 15 3 64,500 0 0 7,809 14 0 tiSiDg, &c . 7,86 15 1 - ~~~15,19/i 9 1 Psorrr AA sD C,OSS ACC X.21,701,259 12 10 Dr. Acos 2 s. d. To current- expenses, bad and doubtful debts, income-tax, &ho . .. ....- 6, 720 312 7 To rebate of interest on bills discounted not yet due, carried to profit and loss new aceount ... -..... ... ... ... 6,265 12 5 To amount written off building and preTO a dividend at the rate of 51 per cent. per annum from the opening of the Bank 1286 0 0 T. amiount carried to reserve furd -80.. 8060 0 0 To uzeaRpi-opristed profits carrieod forward to nextnalf-year.,, , *2,56810 7 37,417 15 7 Cr.  S.d. BY balance brought dow . 3,417 15 7 T37,417 15 7 The subjoined statemenit of the export of bullion from ILondou to the undomentiQued couutrivq Our- i ing the xicx months ending June 30, 1856, has been nreDared bY 31ssrL Frn7ati And P:l-r - This does not include the large sums sent by way of Folkestone and Dover toFrEce during the same period, and which, accordin tothe Customs' return, amount to 3,471,600.., agaant 4,544,6001. in the corresponding period of last year. It is also exclusive of the large private remittances to ll ranco, of which no record is obtainedc Mr. W. S. Lindsay has organized a new'monthly line of auxiliary screw steamers t he Cape of Good Hope and Calcutta. Three newycvsels, the Englanad, Scotland, and Ireland, havel been built for the purpose, with all the modern improvements, and these with two others will constituxte the fleet. They wiU be of 1,150 tons, and 150 horse-power, and a calculation is given that they wiiU reach the Cape in 35 days, and Calcutta in 70 to 75. The England, the first of the line, is to sail on the 1st of August, calling at Dartmouth on the 5tb. Accounts from Western Australia of the 21st of April are very favourable with regard to the general progress of the colony. An abundant harvest had cauzed a considerable fall iii wheat and flour, and the' season appeared in everj respect to be unusually productive. The farming interests were never in a more healthy state and the trade of the place altogether was satisfactory altheugh some dulness had been occasioned by the courne of the Home Government, who were reducing the convict establishment asmuch as possible. Rumours had justbeenrevived of the discovery of gold. Two specimens had been brought in-one from withinL 12 miles of Perth, the other from a locality about 40 nmile. from that place. In the neighbourhood of Champion Bay a very promising copper mine is said to have been discovered and opened. The weeklyreviews from the Amsterdam and Rotterdam produce-markets state that the demand was limited, but that prices continued to be well supported. In coffee the transactions were principally for local consumption. Sugar, raw and refined, was still favourably influenced by purchases, and rates were quoted at a further slight advance. The holders of rice refusing to submit to a further redaetion, prices were nominal. The letters from Rouen report greater animation in the market for manufactures, but rates had not exhibited material improvement. Thereturms of circulation of the Ifiish and Scotch banks for the four weeks ending the 7th of June, 1850,when added together, give the following as the average weekly circulation of these banks during the past month-viz.:- Average circulation of the lish nks .. ... 6,364,379 Average circulation of the Scotch banks ... 4,472,759 Average circulation during past month ... 10,837,138 On comparing the above v;ith the fixed issues of the several banks, as given in the Banking .Alnnac, the following appears to be the state of the circulation The Irish banks are above their fLiced issue ... 9,885 The Scotch banks are above their Exed issue ... 1,3S5,550 Total above the fixed issue . .. .. 1,395,435 The amounts of gold and silver held at the head offices of the several banks d'uring the past month have been as follows - Gold and silver held by the Irish banks ... 2,118,473 Gold and silver held by the Scotch banks ... i,83,524 Total of gold and silver held ... ... 4.006,997 The above statements coraplete the retums of the circulation in England, Scotland, and Ireland for the month ending the 7th of June, which were partly inserted in The Times of the 3d inst. These returns, combined with the average circulation of the Bank of England for the same period, will give the following results of the circulation of notes in the united kingdom when compared with the previous week- Showing a decrease of 722,924l. in the circulation of notes in England, and a de^rease of 336,6951. in the circulation of the nnitedkingdom, when compared with the month ending the 10th of Mlay. And, as compared vwith the month ending the 9th of June, 1855, the above returns show a decrease of 127,0571. in the circulation of notes in England, and an increase of 310,4011. in the circulation of the united Idngdom.I The average stock of bullion held by the Bank of England in both departments during the month ending the '7th of June was 10,858,4361., being an iacrease of 1,0G2,3551. as comapared with the previous month, and a decrease of 6,457,9781., when compared with the same periodl last year. The stock of specie held by the Scotch and Irisha banlks during the month' ending the 7th of June was 4,006,9971., being an increase of 225,1731. as compared with the previous return, and an increase of 332,3711. when compared with the correponding period last year. _,
TRADE REPORT. Tuesday Evening. SuGA3c.-Tlr market is a good deal excited to-day? and the advancesinceF Fidayisfu fly ls. perc ct. The home demand is extensive, both the 2efinars and grocers are free buyers. There is a-lso business do-ing for the continent as well as for speculative a-count. Thcs following are the particulars of the pLblic sales o-G,2st bags Mlauritius, low to good brown, 38s. to 43s. ; fine, 44s. Gd.; low to good yellow, 44s. 6d. to 47s. gd.; cryasallzed, 48. to 49s. 1,321 bags 1ienaugh brown, 4t1s to 43sa.; yeUova;- 44s. 6d. to 48s.d; 6,461 bags Madras brown, 40s. to 419. ; yellow, 42s. to 45a. Gd. ; soft date kindl, 3Oa. Ca. to 41s. Of West India 1,533 hhds. have been sold. The private transactions consist of 3,700 boxes favannsim afloat, No. 12 (fre7 of averg e), at 33s. for anited kingdom, and on the spot 5r0 hher. Porteo Rico at 44s. Ga. to risa; 280 cases 'white a alis, chiefly at 47s. 3d. per ew.t. ; 4,000 bags Mausitius an d a parcl of dlayed Ma. nilia, the latter abt 44s. Gd. per 6wt. Con'x.-There having been us. auctions tatio3n Ceyln for 6some fewdas 37 casks 490 b.arels brought iforwar day ariskly at rather dearer rates, 60s. 6d. to oms. Gd. for fine fine ordinary to hold coloury. Rscs in better rec}est. 1,100 begs fair pearly Bengal at auction were held or somewhat stiffer prices. Privately 400 tons Necranzee have been distosed of at 9s. Gd. per owt.; and 3,500 bags BaLDam an l XMoongby at Os. 3d. per cwt. SALTPmthE.-1,000 bags Bengal, privately, at 32s. to 33s. for 6 to Si per cent, refraction. icatao.-The declaration for thesalWes of indigo, which commenced this morning at the London Commnercial Sale Rooms, amounted to 15,443 chea.ts; consisting of 14,094 in catalogue A, which p resented the, following assortment, viz. :-f,777 Bengal, renarao, wtc., t5e anta Ode and Oude, 1,271 Madras, 787 Krpb, 55 B" inilptam, 48 Manilia; and in catalogue B, 1,349 ceats ofsnre,= The sale opened by a larae importer buying in the greater part of the mark CG-3l chests; this was followedi by the -withdrawal of 1,673 chests by other holders. Only one or two small pr cels of Bengal were offered, with thut usualI reserve, and they realized the May rates to a sbade cheaper. Of the quantity passed-2,250 chesta-1,509 chests have been withdrawn, 458 chests bought in, and only 283 chests sold. The lots bought in were generally held for Mfay prices to 3d. per lb. advance. Thero was a moderate attendance of buyers. Annexed are the particulars of qualitiss and prices:-Bengal Benares, &c., good to fine violot, 6s. 10d. to 7s. per lb.; mniddling to good violet, G3. Gd. to Ts. ; ordinary aLnd middlgig ditto, s. Gd. to 6a. G6d.; violet ancd copper, Gs. to 6s. 6d.; good and fine home consuming qualities ncd defective shipping, s. 3d. to 6a. 2d. ; low and ordinary ditto, 4s. 6d. to 5s. 4d.; trash and dust, 3s. 3d. to 5s. ld. Kurpah* ordinary to middling, 4s. to 4s. Oi. d lowr to ordinary, 2a. 9L to 36. 9dl. per lb. CocayAL.-170 bags in auction sold at extreme prices, viz. :-100 bags Honduras silver, ordinary to middling, Ss. 8d. to 4s. per Ib.; and 70 bazgs Teneriffe, 3s. 9d. to 3s. lid., for ordinary to goo silver; black, 4s. Id. to 4s. 5d. per lb. TALLOW.-The nmarket has been finn to-day, at 49s. on The spot, and 49s. 6d. to 49s. 9il. per cwt., three months, but at the close there -was snore offering for the latter period. * Larnrs AlID HTIDBS.--At Leadfahall to-day the supply of fresh lexther was short, -with an active demand for nearly sil descriptions of goods. Crops, iihkt butts,andoffal have been -nearly all cleared off the miarket at improved rates, and foil wesces are realized for foreign butts, Droesing hides, skins, and hips have also tAld freelyr, at 5. 4.er lb. advance; and there is more inquiry for light shaved hides tiauder 21b avOefrage. Hozerse hides continue sac, par[tiual tih oseforenaeing urpses Ma rke idsi
RAILWAY AND MINING SHAP. - Tuc"aay Evening.' The railway-market opened mith heavines, and sales could- only be effected at a decline. Maequently there was greater firmnos, -with a tendenoy in some ceaes to reo6very. 1French and Beli abares exhibited flatnems, but Indian decrptions generally were well supportel. Riga Railway Shareu advanced considerably on purchaue (the authorized convention having been received in London),. and the final quotation was 4j- to j pm. Ottoman Bank were steady at 3, to j pm.; and Egyptian Bank at 1j to j pm. The transactions in Australian land and bauldng shares were not extensive, but former prices.were maintained. In miscellaneous securities the operations were limited. Lonbardo-Yenetian closed 6k to j pm.; National Discount Company, i. to 1k pm.; Pernambuco, 1I to 4 pm.; Bank of Switzerland, par to j pM.; Ceylon,1 Atokpm.; Bengal, itoipm.; Euphrates Valley, ito pm.; and Metropolitan Guaranteed Shar, f+t 4n1.
STATX OF? fTADE. IANC}BsTEE, JuTrY 8. We have had a quietsrmarket than on this day wcele,but - moderate business is doing in narw printing cloths and in most of the fabrics suited to the home-market, as well as for export, at very full prioes. There are few stocks on band, and manufacturers n ome cases are engaged for some weels forward. The market is healthy, and the prospects of the cotton trade for the pr.sent are considered good. In arMs, as in cloth, there is less business than last Tuesday, hut no change in prices further than a tendency to harden. The demsnd i of the same general character, including business both for the home and foreign markets; but the 3aTns suited to the home demand are the more difficult to purchase at last rates. Messrs J. Slagg aud Co. report:- "We had a ver7 active demand throughout the week for nearly every description of cloth, and a considerable busins was done at the extreme prices of Tuesday last Yesterday and to-day the tranctiona have been on a 3more, moderate sal, owing chiefly to the abeence of stocks and the consequenthardening o prices. EEDS, JULy 8. Thae has been a fnn market tbis morning for woollen cloths. Late prices h3ve been mora freely given, and a goed bulk of cloth has changed hands, although, the weather beingverywewt, the attendance of buyer was rather lees than uaual. .he repot of the Huddersfield mrkei to-day is as follows - The market is without mterial change. As yet puethasers manifest no intention of buying extensively. Te demand isprincipally for plain goods, and a fewfancies to supply immediate requirements.'
RILWA -rXrxzLrGzxCI I I -ME-aiRk. GiEn It appews that wame hWere.neeos are ntan th laareholders that the dividend, c the ordinay tu oC ti comanyill be xpended in oonsequence of ut 1r. tiron f tho Wllte, a.ier d WesVnouth liime ie Erome to W e *mt, 51 anra in' knjLt _-ot bd,ng 1"j fctr fic on the 31S int. Consideng the very ]Ar1v nmz expanded by the eomrpy on their workxdri g thg pgt thIEs ws it is fair to presaume that every end&oud hts been and will be male to open the line apecfied a aoozz a posible. L ONDON AND GREENWICH.- The half-yearly meetig of this com waz held yefter day at the offloes, Colman -street; Mr. J. Wilon i thu c1air. The business wau of a formal charater, and a divi. dead at the rate of 5i. 2d. per ehare -as declared o3 the tuguaranteedshare ofthecompany. Theprooeedingsoon. oluded 'with a vote of thanks to the chairman aud directomr. FOREST OF DEAN CENTALT - !oe worh on this line are progresing very siatiitri;iI bhe district traveried contains a large quantity of minera It is estimated that of coal alone there is enougn to supply a demand of 300,0C 3 tons a-year for 150 year. The capital eqT eis 60,0OO., of which 48,756. was xilecribea crown pfaroht and, as the line passes throngh a good deal of CrCofn property, an ap,lication was made to the Govern. mentfora oan to make ip the remainder. On a report of the facts beix.g made, the Lords of the Tresury, tauing ample precautions as to security and the yment ot in. teleet at 5 per cent., agreed to advance 20,0001. from th land revenues, which advance has been sanctioned by Parliament. The line is littlemore than seven miles in length, and runs from a junctioin with the South lWales Railwzy to Fox's-bridge. BORDER COINT S. The -works on the first section of this line, extending froni Barresford to Hoxham, a distance of eight miles, are making rapid progress, and it is expected that that sectiort :viU be opened for traffic early next year. INCREASE OF RAIWAY TRAFFIC. 'The icresse of tiaffic duringthepastbalf-year endinngJiino 20, acompared with the corrsponding iriodo? last yirx .knounted, on the Cheotex and Holyhead ailUwato9,4611., or 81. per cent.; on the Eastern Counties to 21,588-. or 4 percent. ; on the Est lancashire to 17,43L7., or 12-8 per cexit.: on ihe Great Southern and Western to 13,9S21., or 1 9 rer cent. ; on the Great Western to 58,3941., or 91-er oelLt.; on the Lancasiire and Yorkshire to 531 or 10.4 per eent.; on the London and North-WVsien; to S7 ., or 5 per cent.; on tho London, Brighton, and South Coast to 31,2701., or 10-3 per cent.- om the London and South-Western to 51,5471. or 16 er cent.; on the :Manchester, Sheffield, and Linoolire to 5,4071., or 24 per cent. - on the Midland to 49,231., or 7-1 per cent. ; on the 3aidiand Great Western to 3L,i661 or 15-2 per cent.; on the North-Eastern to 32,99l., or 42 per cent.; on the North London to 3,8931., or 7-G per ceat.; on the N'orth Staffordshi-a to 30,8051., or 211. per cent.; oix *.he Oxford, Worcester, and W'olverhampton to 15,5761.; or lS8per cent.; on the Shrewebury and Rirminghamto6 S44z or .7 per cent.; on the Shrewsbury and Chester, to 10,66f7l. orl9 percent.; onthe TaffVaieto 13,6401. or 15-3pe eenti.; on the Waterford and Limerick to 5G5351., or 24Zi per cent.; and on the West Hartlepool to 8,806, or 14-. per cent. ROYAL ASSENT TO RAILWAY BRILS. The Royal A ssent was given on Monday to the following railwaybills, viz. :-Eastsrn Unrion, London, Tib-en. Sonlthend (Extension and Branches); 3;uton, Dunstable. and Weiwyn Junction; L3'mington; Sittingbourne nuI Sheerness; and Yarmouth aud 3Eaddiscoe. RAL'WAY TRAFFIC. Mes ra&- Mer- TotaL, TotaZ. liAUwaM oses. wos,rm ebandlas. 1866 !55. Wee ending July 5. - X Glasgow and Sout;h-Westen - .. - .. - .. 6,474 .t,6f Weekc ending July 6. Great l.uxembenig. .. 3i... 473 .. 227 .. 700 lKendal nod Wnsdex nereo. - .. - ..- .. 290 .. g NorthLondon .. .. 9 .. - .. - .. ZSI.. 2,381 The following re the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal Prench railways fromthe 17th to the 234 of June:-
THE COPiN TRADE. T.TvPWPnflIT. T-- C Ihe arr:vals since Tuesday frcm Ireland and coatwise ae mall,out from abroad there has been reperted 4,11S quarters wheat, 1,530 qua.r ters peas, 16,979 quarters Indian corn, Z5i7 sacks end 31,4.4. barrelsfloror. The eporks are liberal, and comprise 4,S92 quarter 'Wheat, 11.753 quarters Indinn corn, 1,01t sacks aud 3,35S barrels door_ We hzre Kad almost constant heavy rain since Saturday afternoon. accompanied lat night by a heary gale of wind, which we fear Mnu t bave caused much damage to th growing crops; this moming is vi d. and unsettled. with everyindication of more ain Oar trade driLg theweek hasbeen dul, thedemandbelng quito im retail from neecy buyern. Whest must be quoted 2d per bushel and dour 60L to ls. &p-r barrel and sack lower; yesterday, however, a firmer feling prevailed. and with an increased mnquiry for both articles a portion of the above declinewas recovered. IndiancDrn hasbeen sparingly offered, sad alL good qualities bave improved ls. to Is. 60. per quarter: there is ctll a good emand both for Ireland and for the interior ofthis countay. Ira otherarticles there baa not been mu;chpaasluy.axndpsies3 srenonaslnnl narhanged. At to.ay's mrr};et there was a fair attenldance of town dealers and many millers from distant paris of the country. Wheat mets. very free sale to conoumer3 at time extremne rates of m'eeday last, th a decliMe submtted o during the week barig beenfullyreorere. Flour w.s in good request at 6d. per barrel and sck overthe low sales of the week, at which improvement a large busines was done. Oats and oatmeat were held for frily previous rates, but the demau0 wasant active. Barley, beans, and peasfuliy malntained former rate. Indiam corn woe held at an adiauce of s. 6d. per uarter. which rather cbecked the demand; the sales nade were at 29s. 6. for prime yelow' and nixed, a 3dSe. to3ls. for hite. We quote red Americanwheat from Pa. 9d. to llv, and white from IO. 6d. to II. 3,Lper71b. Wegtern canal fdour, 33l, to 3$.L Canadian, &5c 6d. to 3T7. B,lltimnore nod Phrlaelphli 3e to 3It: and Ohio from 36&. to 3Sa per barreL We bave had frequent h eavyshowera durng the day. ;EEDS, JUnY S. We IaTe bad a sudden chaue in the weather, hea7y rain having lallen during the night, accompanied with a high wind. Toiehua had its usual effect on the market, and wheatis s per quarterhigherthan. last Tuesday. Other deserptioxe sof rin araheld for more isney. .AjrwAeA sCX m n-a -r-- !1BRIST3 JULY S. Thoba't eek bmnabeena dull snein the rorntrud. Engl. hheat ehing at a reducLton of 2. and forei-u at a reduction of Is per quarter. Barleyindeman, At flliricea. Oatmnoveslowly,atrates of last week. Beansedfpenot e and dearer. Four. but little dolu,in itbisartiehe, mhlue unclunged. :Bu1terin)hmiteademgani at prics in buyers'faTour. Whe tu-Engliah white, 9s. to 9 9& per busbel; red. Ss. 6 to Qs.fd. Per busheL Dlaiza, Z2a. to 3k per4S8lb. BRarIey.-MahtlUg. 40e. to 44s, ptr iumirial quarter; gtinding anti distillio, ifs. to St9. per 4001b. Flomu.-LEglimh. 52i. to iSL per sack of 2SOlb.; rigb. 5Js. to D o. per sack of 2SOib.; American barrel, 38&. to 42k. perl9Qb. B1axn, Li 10e. toL g er ton. 2Ralht.-Bri-toi, q& to 1S. perimperalabuabel country, 8a. to 9! pee im*ra-b0hI I0tea4. 14to 15 Derwtn. VAUL-uglis, 2W o 7d per rimperial quarter; Txhth. ptat. 3&G., to:Ss.per3:2lb.; ditto,black.e S .to%5R.6(Lr;p3e jlEO.;Oew Potato, 26s. to 2Bs. per 3.lhb bhzak, 25ic. to mi ar C4b. Beazu.-Engli.h, 6 to 6i cd. per i=Ped bhel; tick, C'. to G;a.S per inipextaibuabeLsbe Peas.-Borlers, 6s. 6d. to 7. kL. pcrimpeiah buaetA Axcrrikfs ftbeweelczdingJi3 7:-Bathey. Irish, 2SO quastes oats. Irish, 250 quertoes: peas, eceatwse, SO D q uarter .-ih 32 macks, and ceaetri.e. 500 sac. ' Areosgee f orthe eieueding 9 hy T *-Wet. 4 qmei, 51i6 J. h. ljarley, 3.71 equarters, .13s StL; oat 1,43 *uzes ik 9 je;ds. ti
Capital punishments :me extremel4y rr in Deninark, wnd when, consequenty.. one iake placo it eCCAMona an immense sensation. 9hi announcement six days 4go> That a. woman, under sentence of death in the prion of Grena-s province of Jutland (where it is certain tlere'ha been no execution for 300 sears), was to be execated the leXt mLorning, not only plunged the whole town and nighbouring country into commotion, but attacted crowds from a great ditance The cowdemned was a you4wr rni Damed Gert=nde, daughter o John, a peLsaut (inii:peasantshave no family nunls), and ber crime was murdermg her husband by dischauging a loaded pistol at hiit *Wen the moment came to set out for the scffold she rafused to be onveyed in a cart, but akng the exomtiuer by the arm walked there finry. Having iun up the uepa she stood near the fatal block, liening -with great cel t" the reiding of the text of Ler esodemnaoin-A very prolix docuDient. Bhe the to off hw cap aid shwl, thaW than to her feet, aDd beagd her e ith her nsekethbief; she then kinelt dowd, andlaer neck Utho block. A momi afiertu t he f XVeldL 7 eaL& of the wosaY aabemae h * ctts ho W f uwWi of t2,O o in .alwi .
LONDOiY, WEDNESDAY, JULY 9, 1856.- In the House of Lords last night, The Earl of Luao -h asled Lord P ANsrmwhen the Government would be prepared to lay the report of the Chelsea Board of Inquiry before the House. Lord PAh3unP replied that the report had only been signed on Friday. It would be laid before the House as soon as possible. The Earl of HILP.PmGToN asLed several questions as to the Scutari Monument. Lord P-MNun replied that the conmmission for its execution had been given to Baron DIA.RoCREnrI, after due deliberation, and that no donbt existed that a monument worthy of those whom it was intended to commemorate would be erected at Scutari. Some other business was then despatched and their Lordships adjourned. In the House of Commons, atthe morning sitting, on the order for going into committee on the Public Health Bill, Mr. :ruGHTr moved to defer the committee for three months, objecting that the bill differed materially from the bills of 1848 and 1854; that the remedial clauses in the latter were dmitted; that it repealed the existing right of appeal; and that it doubled the amount allowed to be raised on mortgage. The amendment was seconded by Mr. PALK. After a few words from Mr. G. LANGToN, MIr. CoWPEB defended the bill, which, he said, remedied ambiguities in the present law, and made necessary alterations preparatory to dealing next year with more important matters-the organic changes in the constitution of the Board of Health. If any of the clauses of the bill should appear to require much discussion, he was willing to postpone them until next year. After a debate, in which MAr. IIEHEn, Mr. BAiEs, Mr. T. GREEmr, Mr. BAEnow, and MIr. T. DuNco3mE tooi part, the House divided, when the amendment was carried by 73 to 61. Mr. CowPEB said he should adopt the suggestion of MIr. T. GuE3ENE, and introduce a continuance bill. Two bills for regulating the Court of Chancery in Ireland passed through committee, and the other morning orders were disposed of. In the evening, Captain ScoEsr moved a resolution, that the disadvantageous position of the captains, commanders, lieutenants, and masters of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and of the retired captains under the orders in Council of 1840, 1851, and 1856, and of the senior commanders and lieutenants of HER XAJsSrY's Nfavy, is worthy of the early and favourable consideration of the Board of Admiralty. He argued, appealing to documents, that these officers, old and wounded, having seen long and severe service, were hardly dealt with in being excluded from half-pay, although their emoluments were below those of the chaplains and surgeon, the captains having 4561. a-year, the commanders 3531., the lieutenants 2751., and the masters 2451., the salary of the chaplains being 5001. each, and that of the surgeon 6501. He added a few words on behalf of old commanders and old lieutenants. The motion was seconded by Sir G. PEcExan, and supported by Admiral W&mcorT, who insisted that there was no justification for withholding half-pay from these officers. Sir C. WOOD, after noticing the inconvenience which attended the consideration of a particular class of cases, apart from a general view, observed that Captain ScoBEn, in comparing the emoluments of these officers with those of the chaplains and surgeon, had forgotten the difference between pay for services actually performed and retired allowances, and that he laboured also under a misapprehenxion as to the amount actnally received by these officers, the emoluments of the captains being 5951. (instead of 4561.), wvhich was ,more than .the half-pay of a vice-admairal, and those of the others in proportion; and he thought these were not unfair allowances for officers of their rank. Itwas not in the power of the Admiralty to grant them half-pay. With respect to old naval officers, a great deal, he said, had been done for them of late years, bv increasing the rate of half-pay, and he did not see why more money should be voted for that purpose. Sir C. Nx'an and Mr. M. CHA1IBEBS having spoken in support of the motion, Sir Al. Bsi=R against it, and Captain SCODELL in reply, the House divided, wheni the motion was negatived by 38 to 31. Colonel LmDSAY moved an address to HER 3MiJESTr, praying that she will be pleased to take into consideration the injury inflicted on those lieite- iant-colonels oE tlhi army who attainel that ranik b,efore the 20th of June, 1854, and who have been superseded by the rftrospective action of the warrant of the 6th of. October, 1854. In support of the motion he showed what had been the system in 'the army prior to the 6th of October, 1854, what l was the system estabihed by that warrant, and the effects of the warranlt upon the service w;ith, reference to those lieutentant-colonels. He did not argae, he said, against the principle of the warrant, but he insisted that, howeVar proper itmight be future regulation, itsretrospective action was most unfair. Me was proceeding with his argument, when the House was counted out, at 9 o'clock.
Who shall say thlere is no hope of a millennium -on this earth? At least we may now expect a millennium of the itmer and. more negative kind, in which teeth and claws shall be drawn, and the extreme opposites, ii not very affectionate, shall be as tolerant of one another as they are in a London "at home" or a country ball. The lions and lamnbs, the tigers and fawns, the cats and rats, all lay down on MIonday night, as ono may see in the division list of the Homie of Commons, in aniiable pro. pinquify. As one glances over the columns of the " Ayes," one is tempted to suspect for a moment that it must be a vote of "no confidence," so adverse are the elements from which Govern ment has -- derived the bulk of its support. The most prominent -names. are Conservative MEiisters ai?d counuty members of the stoutest Protectionist school. Had it been left to " the " usual supporters of Government," the measure must have been defeated. We are bound to say that we search in vain through the old familiar names, here oddly intermingled with Cabinet Ministers and Ministerial functionaties, for any valuable testimony to the soundness of the measure. Indeed, these questionable auxiliaries were well aware themselves how little was to be said for it; they were as mute as so many culprits handcuffed to policemen. They had bargained to give their votes, and they gave nothing more than their bargain. Yet there were men among them who do not usually hold their tongues when they have anything ts say. Nor can it be denied. that there was a w-ant of speaking just to give a colour to the voting, for the balance of the speaking was against the bill. DeductthetArToruxx and SoLTcrror-GExEnAiL, whose speeches, being neither for nor against, stand in a category by themselves, and there was not one speech of importance for the measure before the House. If this be proper legislation, what is the use of so much talking? If a mute Parliameat be so wise, wvhy a Parliament at all? This is not the first time that strong measures have been passed in dumb show, but tlhere is a prejudice among us in favour of talking. That is the meaning of the word "Parliament," and the meaning is not carried out by a process in which the talking is all on one side, and the voting on the other. Indeed, it is quite evident that everybody who came to the House on Mlonday night had either his tongue tied or his lesson by heart. It was by rote or by vote. For our part, vwe draw the worst augury from this very dull affair. The supporters by compromnise would have spoken if they possibly could, and we can only gather from their silence that they thoroughly disapprove the measure, and. would :cather incur the moral disgrace of simply voting for a bad measure than the mental degradation of arguing for it. It is less uncomfortable to be attacked for one's vote than for one's argument. A bad vote can be braved Iwith silent endurance; a bad speech must be de[fended, and can only be defended by a worse one. But, seriously, this is a very bad way of repairing the constitution of the country. It is only all of a piece. The House of Lords is to be made that which it is not, and the House of Commons is also undergoing a corresponding translation. We are creating a new Ifouse of Lords, consisting of paid lawyers and lay mutes, and that is the precise composition of the majority which has carried the second reading of the Appellate Jurisdiction Bill in the Commons. One result of the course taken by the Lords since the beginning cf the session, and in particular of this bill, has been the exclusive consideration of their House as a judicial body. This one function has been exaggerated till the less informed public might imagine that the Lords had some essential difference of attributes and duties from the Commons. That is not the case; and there is no doubt, as was olbserved on Monday night, that, as a whole, the Appellate Jurisdiction, which has assumed so prominent a place, and for the sake of which the Lords are desirous to undergo a serious constitutional change, lias only existod without dispute since the Revolution. The fact of a gradual change is adnitted oI all sides, and it cannot be denied that the House of Lords has lost in its political character during the last century as much as it has gainecd in its judicial. That, t, all appearance, is the tendency of its present development. It is leaning on its judicial functions, claiming the respect of the nation for its judicial privileges, and demanding an increase of judicial strength, power, and independence. At this moment it stands before ths nation making terms with the CRowN, anl fining bounds to the prerogative, for the sake of retaining its character as the highest court of law; and for this purpose it cffers to give up its strictly contemporaneous session with the other Eouse, and for the period out of the session all the look of a legislative body. Short-sighted in. deed. must be the politician who does not see in all this movement the ultimate, and. not very distant, withdrawal of the Upper House from the legislative arena. It is now makdng its election between its two characters, and it chooses the one in which at least the House of Commons is not its rival. It must be confessed that the Lords have to exercise no little tact in retaining their due place in the origination and construction of our laws. Ncne have lamented more than we have the delays, the irregularities, and the constitutional etiquettes that, session after session, have left the Lords so idle throughout the greate: part of the session, and so overworkedlat lalst. None have so often lamented that certain branches of legislation had not been assigned to a body consisting chiefly of landowners,- magistrates and men accustomed to the discharge of high official duties. None can tax us with any desire to rob the Upper House of its legislative power, and the reverence with which it is regarded lby the people. But we are bound to say that the House of Lords is putting itself into a pcsition where no friends can help it, when it proposes to exhibit itself prominently, distinctly, and throughout the Parliamentary rece3s, simply as a Court of Justice. When this Court of Justice, readily compared and easily confounded with the; Lords of Session in the northern metropolis, has been sitting for months like any other Court, it may be doubted whether it will easily lay aside its - judicial aspect when it returns to its legislative dutie3. May it not, and will it not naturally, come to be thought that its office is rather to watc n and correct the wIork of the other House than to take an equal anda substantive part in the work,-rather to 'see that nothing is done contrary to the constitution than to take its place in the head and heart, the vital force anid moving power, of that con.stitution ? The accomplishment of these forebodings is for another age, and -we are aware it is easy to predict what we shall not live to see fulfilled, But we have seen enough in our time to know that a political body may lose position aniI power, and that what it gains in one direction it Imay lose in another. We shonld not so often nave had to lament tho state of Parliamentary business in July, nor wivould the House of Lordchave had to protect itself by new rules from an irruption of work in the last weeks of the session, had its rightful claims and its natural capabilities been properly considered by the other Rouse. Here, then, we have at once a decline of legislative rank, and an excessivegrasping after its less essential attribute as a judicial body. We believe the House of Lords to be following a mistaken policy. We believe that the more it rauks with the Courts of Justice the less will it r-ank with the-other House of Parliament.
England is a country-which on manypoints does not do herself justice. No people in the -world are so little desirous of display as our own, and disregard for the opinion of foreigners has been carried to, perhaps, a hurtful extreme. We certainly suffer in the estimation of our neighbours by this supercilious indifference. What is for the use of our people is good and often magnificent, but what the stranger first comes in contact with is generally mean and paltry in comparison with all to which lie has been accustomed. The metropolis is, perhaps, the worst thing we have, and yet it is all that for the most part is seen by foreigners, -who go awaywith the idea that it represents England, as Paris represents France. Of the castles and halls of the three kingdoms they have no conception, and believo that because in London a British Peer lives in a little house with three windows in its stuccoed front, therefore the tales of English magnificence must be merely fables. Similar is the impression with regard to works of art. How many Frenchmen believe that there is anything worth seeing in E1ngland ? The British Mluseum has a fine collection, certainly, but its growthjis stunted by the presence of a quantity of comparatively worthless stuffed animals and ethuiological tiumpery from the South Seas. The National Gallery has a few noble pictures, but neither in extent nor in the judgment evidenced in its management does it worthily represent a great nation. Hampton Court is a fair St. Cloud, and there ends the list of London palaces of art. Yet every one who knows anything of this country is aware that beyond every other in Europe it is full of great works. For more than two centuries, ever since those tranquil years when CTnanns I. patronized painters and sculptors, little dreaming of the storm that was to come, England hmas attracted to herself the finest works that were to be disposed of on the continent of Europe. But it has been througn private collectors only that this has been done. Botlh in past generations and at the present time Governments have shown a most provoking neglect of great opportunities. When the -French invaded Italy the Venus di Medici, together with some of the finest works in Florence, was offered to PrrT, who, while borrowing millions yearly, refused the offer, on the ground of the expense. Even in our own day, if there is a fine picture at a sale, it is sure to be bought by a nobleman or a rich commoner, vhile some inferior work is thought good enough for the iNational Gallery. So notorious has this become that even the generous and patriotic possessor of a great picture feels no desire to present it to the nation, which seems so little to value the gift. B But, in the meantime, every year sees noble works of art, rare relics of antiquity and the middle ages, interesting specimens of past manufacturing skiD, brought to this country. tn spite of the rivalry of Russia, and of the increasing number of wealthy and tasteful Frenchmen and Americans, the English I "milord" stiU holds the first rank in liberality, and, though his judgment may be often in fault, yet his perseverance is rewarded by the accurmulation in the Iend of most costly and rare treasures. The conseI quenceis that, -with hardly a public gallery in the kingdom, we have an enormous number of wrorks of art scattered over, the surface of the country. In little grimy London houses, in suburban Thames villas, in halls of remote Lincolnshire or NortlLumberland, are to be found noble works of Italian, Flemish, and Spanish art in numbers passing conception. As for portraits, probably no country has anything iike so complete a collection by the hands of great artists. But no one sees them. An adventurous critic may penetrate into those hidden corners where genius lies buried, but as for the rest of the world, they merely see a work of art when they happen to be acquainted with the family which owns it. Some pilgrimages are indeed made to great galleries, but the process is generally attended with much inconvenience and loss of time, and is seldom repeated. In fact, the works of art and the remains of archxeology in the 'United Kingdom may be said to be unknown to the world. Manchester has come forward to rescue these ! treasures from obscurity. This capital of the industrial world has always shown a little jealousy of the greater metropolis of the south. Now, when London, Paris, and Dublin have had their I Exhibitions, Manclhester thinks it time to stir. The leaders of the movement have formed a wise judgment as to the course they should take. The world has had for the present enough of merely industrialexhibitions. Littleenthusiasmcouldbe excited by a provincial repetition of wllat every one has seen in 1851 and 1855. MIoreover, it is rightly thought that Manchester itself is a great exhibition of industry, and capable of affording more instruction tlan could be gained from the contents of any palace of glass. It is therefore proposed to aim high, and in the home of industry and toil to exhibit all that England possesses most noble in the productions of artistic genius. The scheme is certainly a bold one, for it is based solely on the assumed patriotism and devotion of the wealthy and the noble. MIanchester prepares a building to which it will ask the principal possessors of works of art throughout the kingdom to send their choicest treasures during a period of five months in the year 1857. The extension of knowledge, the improvement of taste, the progress of the country in art and manufactures, and consequently in wmealth and power, are the prete xts for this request, -without a precedent in English history. Yet we think that the request wil be successful, and fully deserves to be so. There can be no douibt that a further acquaintance with eminent productions in art will be of the highest service to the country, and that those who submit to a temporary sacrifice to confer this benefit on their fellows will deserve the approbation of all. We do not wvish to urge Ihe principle that a work of art, being unique, ought not morally to be the exclusive property of one man, but should be considered held by the owner merely in trust for the great body of mankind; but we feel sure that no liberality will be more generally appreciated than that of the wealthy and tasteful, who will not object, at great inconvenience to themselves, to gratify and instlruct their less fortunate countrymen. Now with respect to the ildividual scheme in question. Some persons may say that Manchester has no right to malke a request which should only come from tho chief authorities of the nation, concentrated in the metropolis: -But we think this argunent ought not to have weight. London is not all England, as Paris embodies France. Lancashire is the chief seat of manufachuring art in this country, and its- principal city, however modern its origin and humble its association5, cannot be looked upon. as3 merely a provincial town. Indeed, it ought not to be said that the proposed Exhibition is a local affair. lVe are told- that -swithin 20 milez of the Manchester Exchange there is a larger population than within 20 miles of 'Charing-cross. The Manclhester people, thinldng they have fair grounds for soliciting the patriot;c, have set to work with their usual energy and Judgment. In the first place, they have chosen an unexceptionable site. Mfanchester is smoky, and the world in general is apt to consider it more smoky than it really is. The executive committee have therefore determined to build their palace in a suburban district. On the margin of a railway, at the distance of tWo miles from the Manchester Exchange, on the west side of the city, and conselueintly to winudward of its thousand. chimneys, the new building is to rise. An atmosphere free from smoke and dust, direct conveyanee and safe delivery of all packages, distribution to the best advantage, and perfect security from fire, rain, and damp, are promised to all who will favour the enterprise by the loan of their treasures. The soundness of the scheme financially is guaranteed by a fund of 70,0001. The comuprehensiveness of its scope will be evident when we state, in the vords of the prospectus, that "bythe term 'arttreasures' is meant "to include not only oil paintings, watercolour drawings, engravings, and - photographs, but the "thousand other objects of, which sculpture in stone, marble, alabaster, plaster, wood, ivory, "terra-cotta and bronze, decorative furni"tLre, works in gold and other precious "metals, armour, implements of chase, musi" cal instruments, glass, Venetian, German, "French, and English, china, deif, tapestry, an:tiquities, costume, may be given as leading "examples." This is indeed a wide field of display, and will give an opportunity to others besides the proprietors of picture galleries to show their devotion to the cause. Indeed, there are few persons of fortune wFho may not have something worthy of a place in so comprehensive a colection. As we know that our countrymen are somewhat prone to follow the example of the great, we think wre cannot do the scheme a better service than to mention that the principal personages of the realm have prom-ised their hearty assistance, and that, in addition to contributions from the principal private galleries in the country, a large part of the Royal collection will be forwarded for exhibition. We cannot but wish success to a plan which seens likely to spread among the people a taste too long neglected.
It is an old maxim of English law that there is no wrong without its remedy. This involves also the position that there is no supposed wrong without a conditional remedy. Thal, this maxim does not always assume a practical shape may be ascribed to the hundred casuaLties which interpose between theory and reality, the hypothetical standard and the actual measure of human perfection. But, despite occasional, or even frequent deflections, the principle has hitherto Temained incontroverted and unimpaired. Now, however, there seems to be some danger lest that wlhich we have all acknowledged to be just and necessary should be challenged as a principle and abandoned as a practice. We have already announced the success -which attended MIxEr JAPrE ATEE7s appeal to the Rouse of Commons. Like the generality of people, we supposed, that this augured his success when his appeal should coine before the Rouse of Lords. At any rate, we presumed that a bill which had passed the Rouse of Commons by such a majority would command a certain degree of attention from the Lords; and that, if rejected, it woulld only be rejected after a thorough exanination of its merits and a thorough scrutiny into the Nawab's claims. But in this we, as well as the Nawab himself, have been disappointed. The bill came before the Lords on Monday night for a second reading, and was thrown ouit not so much owing to any elaborate analysis of its merits as in consequence of a defect in form. The Lords thought that such a case coiuld not be dealt with as a private bill, and therefore washed their hands of it, although the Commons had previously accepted it, and passed it on the ground that it -was a private, and not a public bill. Nlow, we are not going to say that the Lords were wrong in their construction of their own formal rules, or in the interpretation vhich they affix to the conditions under which private bills may be brought before them. But we think it a great pity and a great public inconvenience that there cannot be some general concert of construction respecting the terms on which both Houses can take cognizance of private biUs, and a greater inconvenience that bills which have been triumphantly carried through the Conimons should be summarily scouted by the Lords upon a matter of form. The case of MEan J.&FriER is not likely to excite much sympathy or comrhiseration amongthe constituencies; it will take no holdonpubEc feeling; it is doubtful whether one hundred people unconnected -with Parliament and India will give it a passing thought. So there is no fear of a collision between the two rouses in this case. But what has been done in this instauce may be repeated in another, which the world may deem of more general importance, and the snubbing so coolly bestowed by the Lords upon the Commons may some day be pertinaciously resented by the latter. They will not always take so very easily the contumelious rejection of bills to which they have devoted some trouble, and which they have passed 'with some deliberation. -But, although there is.,no immediate danger of a legislative rupture between the two Houses, we consider that the constitutional question involved in the rejection of the bill is of the gravest nature. Whatever be the correct opinion as to the legality of IEEt J.ArFrn='s claims, they are such that they ehould be adjudicated on by some tribunal or other; and it appears from the antecedent circumstances of his case, that this decision of the House of Lords deprives him of the last appeal to justice. This seems incredible; but so it is. A very brief summary of the best-known features of his case will prove this. In the year of grace 1800 a convention was entered into between the East India Company and the aNabob NA&u-vuD-DEw of Surat, by which the former agreed to pay annually to the Nabob and his heirs one lac of rupees and one-fifth of the remaining annual revenues of the territory of Surat, in exchange for the " whole chil and military " government" of that city and country, which hencerorth was to be -'for ever entirely vested" in the Company. In consideration of, and in conformity with, this treaty, the Nabob, or Nawar, surrendered his principality, and received from the Company 15,0001. till tle year 181t, when he dlied. His son succeeded him in this pension till the year 1842, when he, too, died, without male issue, but leaving daughters, one of -whom married M=Ea JArsxR, the present claimant. Thus TITE3P. JAFF=R is the representative of the last ?Nawab only by matrimonial alliance. It therefore became a question whether the Company was not bound, to continue to Mxxx J_rrFYm and his brother, who also marriedadaughter of the lat Nawab, the same pension that they hadpaid to his father-in-law. Sir G. ,AHunum, then Governor of Bombay, denied their legal while he admitted their equitable claim. - Lord ELLXIDOROUGH, then Governor-General of India, repudiated their claim in equit nlo less than their-claim in law. Subequently, after long negotiations, -the Company Con- sented to Pllow MzJn TArFrimB anudis-daugEerg (now, by the death of his brother land sistir-nlaw, the soik representative of the late yNaw1bj 5,2001. a-year, in lieu of 15,0001. %So much for the mere public side of the questior'. But there is also a persjnal and private question between lfznn JArinm and the Government; for the agent at Surat had seized ipon the Nalwaib's pri. vate property-had invited claimants to come forward and suibstantiate their demands on it-in fact. had sequestrated it. Finally, th9 Government of Bombay passed an act empowering itself to administer the late Nawab's estate, and protecting itself against any resposibility in thlat behalf to any court of la3w or equity. It will thus be seen that there are several questions of moment left open. Was tho grant of the pension to the Nawab N usus-vDo-3E1 KHAN and his heirs a grant in perpetuity, descendible alike to all his descendiants, male or female ? How far would this be in accordance -with MIahomedan law? or how far might Mrahomedan, law on the subject be overruled by the special custom of the country, or by a special construction mutually given to the contract at the time? lVhat was the understancling of the parties? Was the Nawabee an office which expired -with the last male holder ? Did the extinction of this office carly with it the extinction of the pension ? All these are questians involving knowledge of law-not only local lawr, but those broader and more catholic principles upon which all. special law is based. Again, could the Government of Bombay-could any sabordinate Government-by any enactment exempt itself and exclude its subject from appeal to the superior tribunals of the metropolis? All these are grave questions of a legal and constitutional character, -which demand solution from the highest courts of judicature. We admit that Parliameint is not the proper place for their solution. We admit that Parliament ought no more to be called on to give a remedy if wrong has been done, or to give a hearing to the applicant who believes himself to havo been wronged, than it ought to interfere when a divorce is solicited. Btat in this case its interference was sought only as an ultmate resort, when all others had- failed. A bad precedent was set only because a good precedent could, not be followed. The petitioner had applied to the usual Court of Appeal, RFn M&rasrxes Court of Privy Council, and he was declared by that Court to have no loczss standi. So far he was deprived of the right of appeal in respect of his property, and with respect to his claims on the Company or Government of India that Court is powerless. There -was only one remedy left open-appeal to Parliament. One branch of the national Legislature has admitted the application; but another branch rejects it. ERe has no other remedy. The Government of India has decided against him. The Bombay Govermnent has exempted itself from responsibility. lNeither Government can3 be sued. The Indian Government concludes the Home Government; the Bombay Government fetters the action of the Privy Council; the House of Lords snubs a vote of the Commons; and thus an Indian subject, believing himself to be wronged, nlnds himself, after years of solicitude and solicitation, wvithout a redress or tho chance of redress in the centre of Imperial legislation!
COUSZ' CIRCULAR. Owing to the unfavourable state of the weather the review on Monday afternoon, at BAdershott, vas counter. minded. Her MIajesty, accompanied by the Prince Consort and the :Royal visitors staying with Her Majesty, drove round the camnp between 5 end half-past 7 'clock, and went into severel of the huts of the men lately returned from the In the evening, in addition to the Royal party at the :Pavilion, end the Ladies and Gentlemen inWaiting, the Dake of Cambridge dined with the Queen. The following ah;o had the honour of being invited:Lord Panmure, Lientenant-General Knollys, Major-General Crafufrd, Colon.elHe-dge (4th Dragoon Guards), Lieuten-ant. Colonel i1'Alahon (5th Dragoon Guards), Lieutenant-Colonel Dasney (Ist Regiment), Colonel Welesley (7th Fusileers), Lieutenant-Coonel Rook-e (19th Regiment), Lieutenant. Colonel Douglas (79th Regimnent), Lieatenant-Colonel Lord A. Russel (Rifle Brigade), Colonel the :EonA. Foleyj(3d. battalion Grenadier Guards), Colonel Drnunond (Ist bat. talion Coldstreae Guards), Colonel WalLker (lst battalion Scots F'usileer Guards), Lieutenant-Colonel J. Steward Wood (Assistant Adjutant-General), Mfajor Priesiley (Assistant Quartermaster-General), Colonel Tyrvhitt (Aide-de-Camp to lIs Royal Highness the Dluke of Camn bridge). Yesterday morning, at half-past 10 o'clock, the Queen and Prince Consort, with the Prince of Wales, left thz,Pavilion, and aer Majesty -re-,iewed the troops. The King of the Belgians, the Count of Flandeis, Prince Oscar of Sweden, and the Dake of Cambridge accompanied HerMajesty. In the Royal suita were the Countess of Gainsborough, Lady Churchill, the Gentlemen in Waitin- on the King and Count of Flanders, the Gentlemen in Wating on Prince Oscar, the Equerries in Waiting on Her Majesty and the Prince, and Mtr. Gilbbs. Lord Panmure, Secretary of State for the War Depart. ment, was in attendance on Her Majesty. Her Majesty and Hlis Royal Highness Prince Albert reinrmed to Baclingham Palace from Aldershott at 25 minutes past 4 o'clozk in the afternoon, accompanied by His Majesty the King of the Belgians and their Royal Highnesses the Prince of Wales, Prince Oscar of Sweden, and the Count of Flanders. The Royal suite consisted of the Countess of Gainsborough, Lady Churchill, Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipos, Colonel de Moerkerk-e, Colonel Loven, Lord Charles litzroy, Colonel F. H. Seymour, Capta Bnrnell, M. Due, and MIr. Gibbs.P His Royal Highness Prince Oscar took leave of Her Majesty and the Prin1ce Consort at Buckinghamn Palace, and proceeded to Claridge's Hotel, attended by the gentlemen of Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent visited the Queen. Her Maiesty had a dinner party in the evening. The companyincluded His Majesty the Ring of the Belgians, theirRoyal Highnesses the Duchess of Kent, the Pincess Royal, the Princess Charlotte of Belgium, Prince Oscar of Sweden, the Count of Flanders, and the Dnke of Cambridge, the Duchess of Sutherland, the Freach Ambassador and the Countess de Persigny, the Belgian Minister and 3Vadame Van de Weyer, Lady Anna Maria Dawson, the Baroness de Spaetlh, the Countess d'Yve, Madame de Bov6e,t} Earl and Countess of Shelburne, Lord James Munray, Lord George Paget, Major-General the Hon. Sir Edward Cust, Colonel de Moerkerk-e, Captain Burnell and Dr. Koepl (in attendance on the King of the Belgians, Colonel Loven Lieoen nlant Aizelius, and Lieutenant-Colonel F. Cavendish (iat tendance on Prince Oscar of Sveden), and Colonel rWehatt (E,quecry an Waiting to the Duke of Cambridge). ffdthe band of theiCoidtreb m Guards attended in the Palace and played durir n dinner. Her MBjestyd s private Sand afrwards attended. The Queen had an tvening pIa ty, to M hich the folloiing had the honour of receiving invitations:.-. His Serene Highness Prince Edwavrd of SLaae WeC& and the CounteMsseof Sonour, theSwdis and Layoivrse,MS Hini ster and Barlones deFleachyildtandoMonseur C. dezou Hotahe DldteMaei and DuMarchfelingonessof Labiesr izeand radygLouis Hemlton Mady and Mi Hn Agss Codrin1ton,Ly Carol3inghandmis, arntn Lord ahre,BLie ditnd ady Caov0. anrd B hrh the Ho 'MsEsatnrl Lofurdigo and lady River, t Hovn. Susan Cpand the) Hon. Fanny Pitt,olone C. Seymour, theDuke andtDuchess Imof elngtzor-the Ladaes Jlne and JulaeH, Lord Fancshley, Viscon,th Eand isomakitess Bar. Erlindtn thenHon. Meary= andth Hon AugustaI Barrvingon Lord isrhrh the Earl adC ts of Burlnto and lay Lomma& Stavndley,Captain thes Hon Farqhmo, Lord Carqnuis,f LordaRbert Peihiut Cline -ton, Mjrthe Hon. iland Cob.te ildwe,Lord FancwoUiss oYorigea, the Earl-eof Nlkitr,them kearl nd aContessd Delwai Iand CLaduy Ard Rellan Saneirl Wer,ohnasenEar andjorGntesl ofr aderd Rkby and ld Em Hlorduicke aondtwo Larde anYLdorhkessl, the flR o ornu. Beasy Lister and Miss Russell, Lord Henry Scott, Viscountm Talr4leot, Lieutenant.Colonel Lord West, the Marquig and llEsrehionesm Of W estsrdnater- and Lady Agnes Gresvenor, Llse Earl And CRUntss of Westmuorland and Lady Rose Fine, Colonel the Hon. C. B. and Mr Phi p,ao Gienea;h o.Care n r.Gey h Srdls T1E COLtRzS' STRIKE AT BAx,SrEy.-The strike Di, tho mlinerg employed at the Oaks CoUhi7 Bairsley, Durng he eekthetnnoua hre araedthe I of 3& o Barnsiey,aijd held sereral mee that d innd nspector, has examincud,the it,oc an lreortedtht telefes less. The rue", howev !r, no.w insit on th. rsmoy,l7o r. klterations in lhQ pit dngeroua to the mn. The ptjo fusetoconiply ith thirdeman . - f. m
IBELAND. TH:E IASTZRP OF TE3 ROLIS AtD THE IRISH ATTOIONEY-G&NERA.L. (ETROM Our ow0 COBFMPONDM-T.) ' DUBIUN, TUFEsDY MOrxiG. The following is a full report of what may be considered the reply of the Master of the ]Rolls to the observations made by the irish Attorney-General, in bis place in Parliament, with reference to the adoption of ulterior proceeding3 in the case of Mlr. James Sadleir. The substance of this remarkable address was forwarded yesterday by telegr3aph. It was delivered at the sitting of the Court in the morming etpropos to the matter of John Ginger and the English shaxeholders:- "1 I have just given in the order in this case to the registrar. There aro a great number of affidavits and documents entered on the order- but as a coasent has been made a rule of Court, signed by the official manager and by almost all the English shareholders, that the uitimate decision in the present case shall govern the other cases, v,ith the exception of two or three, it is, I think-, right that all the affidavits and docunents which can tbhow any light on the matter should be entered on the order. The consent is a very proper arrangement to have been entered lntc, as it wull save a vast asaount of expense. May T now inquire, on the part of the public, whetherinformations have heen sworn in respect of the facts disclosed in this ease? If Eo, have any effectual or bon& fide steps been talken to make any of the parties implicated amenable? is itintended to prefer a bill of indictment at the next Clonmel A,sizes, where some of the overt acts were committed? May I fmather inquire what is the duty of a Privy Councillor? In Bladton eso6inmatcnareg, voL.i, page 230 heosays-'The duty of a Privy Councillor appears, fromitl'Sath of ofrice, which consists of seven artilest. To advise the King according to the best of his cunning and discretion. 2d. To advise for the Eing's honour and the good of the public, without partiality, through affection, love, need, doubt, or dread. 3d. To keep the King's counsel secret. 4th. To avoid corruption. 6th. To help and stren-then the execution of what shall he there resolved. 61t'. To withstand all persons who would attempt the contrary. And lastly, in general, 7thly. To observe, keep, and do ail that a good and tre councillor ought to do to his Sovereign Lord.' Is tlere anything in the duty, as thuis stated, requiring a Privy Councillor to obtrude his advice secretly and smasked, wlhere the responsible advisers of the Government remain passive, and vwhere the general facts were matter of public notoriety, and the details established by affidavits and documents as mauch open to the xesponsible advisers of the Govermeat as they wexe to me ? I have reason to believe that not a copy of an affidavit or of any document was obtained by the direction of the law advisers of the Government from the 3Master7s office, or from the official manager, until on or after the 20th of June, the day I gave judgment in this c3se, although long prior to that date I had called attention to the fzct that the Government hadmadeno sign, notwithstanding the notoriety of the frauds of the Tipperary Joint-Stckc 3Bank. If the Irish Government were ignorant of all the details, it wvas their own fault. If the Crown Solicitor had b,een directed to comniunicate with me, before or after I had given judgment, I should have referred him to the several affidavits and docmments and given him the dates and paTticular_ of each. Idid not obtrude advice or information urivately first,because it wasnoppart ofmyduty; and, secondily, Lecause I believed then, and believe now, that it would h-ave received no attention whatever from the Government, for reasons wlich the public well know. I shall only add that, if no bona ftde proceeding be taken at the next Clonmel Assizes, the result will he that, the duty of a Privy Councillor and the nature and meaning of the oath will poss-ibly meet wr.th more discussion than the Irish Government may be awarr, of. There is one other matter which I omitted to advert to in giving judgment-and that isthe examnination of MIr. James Sadleir, by the MIaster, in his private chamber, no other person, as I understand, ihaving been presept, except the official managerand bis counsel and solicitor. That proceedin has been much diapproved of, and I am satisfied that the Master would now concur with me that it is to be regretted it took place. It can scarcely be considered to have been a purelyvoluntaryexa,nimation, unless Mr. James Sadleir was very strictly cautioned thatitmi;htbegiven inedidencezgainsthim, andif not the exanination should not, according to the principles of our law, be used directly or indirectly to his prejudice. I am entirely ignorant of the contents of that examination, and, as it has not been brought under my notice during the argament, I have thought it better not to call for it, but to decide the question of fraud upon the affidavits and docu.. meats entered on the order. Every fact stated by me on giving judgment is established by reference to those affidaMits and documents. I have derived no aid or assistance from such private examination, being altogether ignorant of the nature and particulars of it. if the examination explained away the facts detailed in my judgment, counsal for the official manager would, I presume, have brought it under the consideration of the Court. The Master, not having entered the examination on his order, did not, of course, form his opinion upon the contents of such examination, being aware that there would be an appeaL The affidavits and documents onwhich he decided are entered on his order. The apneal in this case asninst my order may, if the Lord Chancellor thinks fit, b disposed of during the present sittings.Y Wath respect to the case of MIr. Waugh, the party who had assigned 401 shares in the Tipperary Bank to is MYiss Halliday, alleged to he his governess, an ap?plication was made yesterday to the MIaster of the Rolls in reference to the order which his :onour had made in this case, directing the personal attendance of Mr. Waugh anld Miss Halliday. DIr. lVaugh was a g,entleman advanced in years and very infirm in health, and could not possibly 3ttend, MiEssHallidayw as notMa-.Waugh's governess andhehad no control whatever over her. Mr.WYaucgh was, however, preDared to make an affidavit of the fact3 and circumstances under which he executed the transfer. The Mlaster of the Rolls said that it Wua decided by a case in Bosanrssef and Buler, if a party pleaded an assignment at common laF, and the plaintiff replied, stating that the assignment was to a pauper, in trust, to avoid liability, and that the defendant continued in the benefioial enjoyment of the premises, the assignor might be fixed wvith the liability, even at common law. If 3Ir. Waugh assigned his shares to a lady destitute of means, merely for the purpose of avoiding Lability, he should get at the fast. If this gentleMan mada a perfectly candidaffidavit, he might dispense with Miss HaUiday's attendance; but unless ire made a very candid affidavit, disclosing all the facts, he would require Miss Charlotte HaUliday to a'tend and be examined vit'rd voce. He wished the official manager woufld in such case procure the attendance of a shorthand writer to take down her evdence. If it were necessary, he would allow the motion to stand till Saturday. RLPsREsENTA10o1 OF TIPPEsA.Y. Letters received in town yesterday from Tipperary speak rather angrily of the position in which the constituency of that county is placed, not only by the refusal of 3Ir. James Sadlens- to resign, bat by the delay in Parliament to take the necessary steps towards compelling him to vacate the seat. . It is said that the Hon. Colonel O'Callagan is conducting a successful canvas in anticipation of the vacanev, and that, as regards the future, neither a Seully nor a Sadleir will, for generations to come, again find-favour upon a Tipperary hustings. THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols (shut), 951 A; ditto, for ner account, Autgst 12, 96 95-; New Three per Cent. Stock, 9Jb; i . ; ditto, for now account, August 12, 96; Hibernian Bl>!, 31- National Bank, 35; hliniag Comnany of Ireland, for account, 143. Bailsvays.-DablinadWicklow, fotr :account, 6.',; Great Southern and Western, 554 Killa.-ney Junction, l0i ~; Miidland Great Western and Boya Canal, 531; ditto, half-shares, for account, 26; Waterford and NilL-eny, 514; Waterford and Limerick,: for account, 24. ' 265 (BY ELECTrIC TELEGRAPH.) DUBLIN, TuESDAY EvET=G. hlB. SrMTHr O'6BlX. Alter a dreary absence of nearly seven years from his native land, 3r. William Smith O'Brien suached Dablin this afternoon, and took up his temporar residence at the Shelburne Hotel,. St. Stephen'sgreen. He is in excellent health and apparently s2 good spirits. THE urlpmDEt AT SPONDON.-No further dis. toverysas yetbcenTade respectingtthe murder of Enoch E9one, whoso body was found on the turnpike-road, ne.& Epondon, Derbyshire, about a fortnight zgo. The inueb Was resumed beforo tho coroner, Mr. Mozley, at thefalt Snhovel, Spondon, on Monday; but, as the evidence did not any new fact relative to the murder, tho inquiry wras a2ain adjonrned for a fortnight. The coroner suggestel tlis ccise in order thazt the offered reward of Government might becomea geerally known, and becautse persona inw pot essionl of knowledeo in any way connected either witlls the commisi.on of th crime, the observing of the beodyuous2 the road, or utlser facts, wrould more readilyr coumuaiaat L' wlhile the investiigation was going on than if it wvero prematurely concladed,
FOBEIG.? INTEBLLIaR? WE. A.-Portion of the foUowving appeared in oursecond edition of --s-riv.- THE EAST. (BY SuB!ipiNE AND BRIMSH TELEGRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Marseilles correspondent - "MAESEILVES, TuSrDA:Y, TULY S, 8A.L. "The Danube has arrived, with advices from Constantinople of the 30th, and from the Crimea of the 28th June. " Despatches leave at 9 a.m. "T he En,,lish transport Syhimetry, which left Kamiesch on the 5th June, has arrived with warlike stores."
FRANCE. (BY SvBMARME AND BR1fIS ILZAPHR)4 We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Paris correspondent "PARIS, TUESDAY, JunL 8, 8 A.M. "The Montiteutr says that Rear-Admiral Pellos announces in a despatch dated from Constantinople 6th July, and addressed to the MIinister of War, that the evacuation of the troops and the embarcation of the warlike stores which are still in that city continues, and that the evacuation of the Orimea is completely terminated." (nTOM OUR OWN CORPEsPONDENT.) PARIS,UOsNAT, JuLy 7, 6 r.3L A letter from Milan of the 3d inst. says - "For some days past we have been in a state of real zlarm. Troops of cavalry and artillery traversed the city, and moved in the direction of Lodi and Cremona. We all believed that we were on the eve of a revolutionary- moveament or of a war. Now all that movement has ceased. Are the Austrian Generals reassured, or have they received counter-orders ? I know not." A letter from Turin says.- "I hear from another source that Mazzini has positively spent some days in Switzerland, close to Italy near the Lago Mdaggiore, and that he has himself seen that the Italians are ncore than ever averse to his projects. Ee has returned to London, where he wrote the long letter on political assassination, which has produced throughout Italy a feeling of strong diLgust dificult to describe." Another letter from Turin, of the 4th, says "From Milan as from Iarms, from Florence as from Rome, we learn that the general opinion is decidedly against any revolutionary nmovements. Confidence is reposed in Piedmont, and we are content to wait. This is a new fact in the modera history of Italy." A private letter from Fraseai, of the 27th ult., mentions that the Pope had seriously thought of bestowing a Cardinars hat on the Archbishop of Paris. the Holy Father had, it seems, remarked that in the new promotion to the purple no French prelate was included, while an Austrian prelate had received the dignity; and he thought that the baptism of the. Imperial infant was a fitting occasion to offer such an honour to the prelate who was to officiate at the ceremony. The influence of Cardinal Antonnelli however, prevailed. The Archbishop of Paris, during his sojourn at Rome in 1854, is said to have respectfully remonstrated with the Pope on the policy of Cardinal Antonelli, and such an act his Eminence is not stow to forget or to forgive. His Holiness was also reminded that the celebrated Abbd Gioberti had been admitted, while in Paris, to the table of the Archbishop-an act which met with as little indulgence as the other. At all events the doors of the Sacred College have, for the present, been closed on the Archbishop. It did seem strange that such an occasion as the baptism was allowed to pass without the Metropolitan prelate receiving the Cardinal's hat from His Roliness. A frequent interchange of couriers was remarked between-Rome and NEaples,' and the conferences between Cardinal Antonelli and Count Colloredo were also frequent. The King of Sardinia has conferred the Grand Cross of St. Maurice aud Lazarus on NIehemed Ali Pasha, Prince of Egypt, and M. Musurus, Charg6 d'Affaires of the Porte at Turin, has been named Commander of the second class of the same order. A private letter from London states that a rather warm conversation took place at Claremont between one of the Princes of Orleans and the King of the Belgians on the acceptance of the 200,000f. Rentes by the Duke de Brabant. The letter of the Duchess of Same-Coburg has produced great dissatisfaction among the Orleanist party inPamis. Count Apraxiu, Governor-General of Siberia, has arrived in Paris. His object is said to be to take adlvice on the best and readiest mode of working the gold mines discovered in that part of the Russian ernpire. A letter from Plombi6res, in the Salut Public of Lyons, gives the following account of the Emperor's arrival at that watering-place.- "As soon as His Majesty's intention to visit Plombiares became known the authorities and the whole population of the town aud neighbourhood were naturally anxious to receive him with all the honours due to the Sovereign of the French nation. Asthe dayofhis arrivalwas not fixed,fear. ing to be taken unprepared, the townspeoplebegan their preparations as early as the middle of June, by planting fir trees along the streets and hanging garlands of foliage and flowers from the houses. But, as the so anxiously espe. ted day was delayed till the 2d of July, the fir-trees and garlands had by that time lost much of their freshness,and the former were in consequence pulled up, and others planted, and all the docorations renewed. When the day finally fixed for His Mjesy's arrival came round the town was thronged with people from far and near, andthe streets presented the most animated appearance. As the hour ap. prcached, the Mayor, with all the local authorities, went to the entrance of the town to receive His Majesty. About half-past 4 three couriers arrived at full gallop, and shortly after the Emperor's carriage, d-awn by four post. horses at a bzisk trot, drew up before the place where the authorities were in waiting. 'Uhe Emperor inquired for the Mayor, and, after exchanging a few words with him, ordered the postilons to proceed at a foot pace to the Imperial residence. Meanwhile, amid loud acclamations, the troops presented arms and the band struckup a march in honour of the Emperor. As the cortgge passed the manufactory of M Prnines loud shouts of I tve 'Einpereur`' wvero raised by the workmen. The same cry was repeated with redoubled enthusiasm when His Majesty alighted and entered the residence prepared for him. Somee minutes after the Emperor appeared on the balcony, and was saluted with renowed acclamations. His a- jesty sooni after re-entered the apartment, and the crowd dispersed to watch the preparations for the fCto in the evening, which were rapidly advancing. Suadenlyit was rumouredthatthe Emperorwas coming out, and all at once the road was cleared as if by enchantment, and soon after His Majesty was seen advancing on foot, in plain clothes, as wnen he arrived, accompanied by some of his officars, also in plain clothes, and the Mayor. - His Majesty passed on through the crowd amid the most entlhusiastic cries as far as a little wood, in which stands an oak, under which the Empress Josephine often used to sit. On his return, it was observed that HIs Majesty held in his hand a large bouquet, which had been presented to him neaw Tivoli. As he entered the town, the illumination had beg,n, and tle fine transparency of M. Aimn Jaquet, the director of the embellishments of the Rue de la Pr6fecture, presented to view the letters ' E. N.' interlaced in the midst.ofI eaths of roses and folage. Continued acolamations from the dense mass that thronged the streets followed thc Emperor all the -way to the Imperial residence. The crowd continued to throng the streets, which were all lit sip until 11 o'clock,when the town had resumed its usual tranquillity. In half an hour after the peaceful inhabitanls of Plombicres were buried in repose." The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- cc]ABS1E;:ES, JUILY 7. "The steamer has just arrived,Cwith news f-om Constan. tineple to the 27th nit. "c Aali Pasha was expected on the following day. "Balaidava was to be restored to the Russians oia the 2d of July. The English have already embarked thc materl of the railway from Balklava to the camp. "6,000 Bashi-Bazoaks had been embarked at Va-na for Sinope, Samsoun, and Trebizonde. " Advices from the Sea of Azoff state that many vesseis wore takdng in cargoea of corn at Taganrog, Maioupol, and Berliansk, for Marseilles. " The steamers of the Mesageries Imperiales had ceased running between the Crimea and Constantinople, but the English boats continue." I mentioned the other day that the project of law -for the revision, of the French Customs tariff had beea thrown over to the next sesmkon of the Legislative Corps, the Imperial Government, strong as it is, not caring to encounter at thRe lose of the--iczon the opposition it would mieet with in the Chamber. Those who are aware of -he extensive organization now for some time in existence against any reform in a tariff which is the opprobrium of a country pretending to civilization z,nd progress will not be much surprised at the fact. A Paris paper published the other day a petition presented to the Government two years ago in favour of a-modification of these laws; it bes:;s the signatures of some of the most emninent and mnost practical men in the eountry. The Protectic,nists are, however, still powerful in strength and organization, and they leave nothing undone to maintain the monopoly they have so long enjoyed. This ;ssociation, which has its principal seat in Paris, has ramifications in the manufacturing districts, and at stated periods reports are sent for distribution among the factories and workshops. The following are extracts from the last report of this body. which calls itself "' the Asociation for the DTfence of 3Tational Industry": " It was in 1851, during an important debate in thi iNational Assembly, on the ocrasion of a proposition inspired by Freetraders, that the Napoleonian Government was called on for the first time to declare itself. hL Fould, tho Minister of Finance (this was during the Republic), maide,' to use his own words, 'crot a speech, but a declaration.' He rejected the principle of treetrade, 'as incompatible with the independence and securAity of a great nation, as inapplicable to France, and as desbtuctivo of our finest industry.' He proclaimed the necessity of protection, and he characterized the commercial policy of the Government in these torms-'firmly protectionist, prudently progressive.' After the proclamation of the Emperor we had a new declaration, entirely in the sarae sense ;lit was on the occasion of the Senatus Consultum, to the effect that henceforth treaties of commerce should have the force of law for the modifications of triffs which iiight be stipulated in them. hL Troplong, President of the BSe atc, who drew up the report, strongly condemned theodies wzich were all the more dangerous as they were. sedacing; he affirmed that the Emperor would not, any more than his uncle, abandon the cause of French interests; ard he ended by inviting the Government to avail itself of the intelligence of competent personsain order not to open the way to tariff modifications but with the utmost precaution. Tnese declarations of principles were undoubtedly ealculated to satisfy us, but there was reason to fear that errors would be committed in theirapplication. Whiletrying5o do goodpeoplenmightbaled to the adoption of fatal measures, and one modification of the tariff the consequences of which were not sufficiently investigated would suffice to produce perturbation in our manufactories. Important modifications have been already effected in several branches of the tariff. Among these reductions, some, which were only temporary, such as those relating to articles of subsistence, were occasioned by the, scarcity of the harvest, and could not give rise to any objection; but the same was not the case with these effected in coal, iron, wool, and articles used in maritime construction imported in foreign bottoms. Those reductions, though then only projected, were resisted by us,cther verbally or in notes and addresses, of which we sent you copies. Our efforts were not successful, but they, nevortheless, prevented some of these reductions, especially in what resgarded iron, from reaching the point that might have been apprehended. Up to the present date we are bound to adlmit that, owing to the pro. digious development of internal consumption, these reductions have not occasioned any serious prejudice to our national industry. The danger can only appear in days of crisis. Let us hopo that such will not be the case; but, should it be otherwise, we would not hesitate to present our remonstrances again to the Goveernment, and we have too much confidence in its spirit of justice and its wise protection not to believe that.it will adopt measures calculated to dissipate the danger." ARuding to the Paris Universal Exhibition the report says:- " The Exhibition, by demons'trating clearly the remarkable progress made by our industry, has certainly furnished the clearest proof of the efficiency of the system w'hich protects our national industry, and which has raised Trance to so high a degree of l)rosperity. But our adversaries have seen in it only an occasion to renew their systematic attacks against our Customs laws. If we are to believe them, that great Exhibition will necessarily lead to the abolition of our tariffs. Wbl;t is the result up to the present date? lNo doubt the Government has profited by that opportunity to study the comparative conditions of industrial produce in France and in other countries. But We are certain that if that study has suggested to it the thought of certain useful modifications in our tarifl, it will, at the same time, have proved, to it the manifest impossi bility of applying free trade (libre &cIhnge) to our country. "The infermation we have -obtained in well-informed quarters authorizes us-to believe that, in spite of the applicationswith which the Government is besieged, it is not preparing at this moment any considerable change in our protective laws, The Administration I appears especially decided to maintain an efficacious protection in favour of products which specially require the co-operation of inanual labour and machinery ; nevertheless, it is our duty to watch not less assiduouslythan before. We also have availed ourselves of the Uni-ersal Exhibition to procure documents necessary for the defence of ocr cause, and we wil make use of them the moment we have the opportunity." It may be right to remark that the report from ivhich these extracts are made was drawn aup and eirculated some time before i;he project of law above referred to, and which has been postponed to the next session of the Legislative Corps. The following is the exhor-tation addressed to the local committees by the association:- " But, in order that we may continue to accomplish our mission in a useful manner,'it is [necessary that the local committees shall not cease on tieir side to co-operate with us. They must not betake themselves to discouragement but maintain their organization, and reconstitute it with fresh elements of strergth and vitality. It is by redoubling vigilance that they will be able to defeat the propagandism organized against the cause of national labour. We need not here enumerate the numerous services which the local committees have rendered, and are still called on to render, within their sphere of action. They must incessantly proclaim in our departments the prineiple on whieh was based the formaticn of our association-a truly great and generous principle, namely, the prosperity of the country. It behoves them to propagate our doctrines, to demonstrate that if free trade promises cheapness, pro. tection alone can give it in a nornmaland permanent manner, by the development of productiori, at the same time that it increases, the rate of wages. They will have to strengthen wavering minds, inspire perseverance in those who may ba tired of the struggle, and, above all, to remind them of the close affinity between the different branches of national labour. If any privat3 pretensions should presume to supersede the general interes%, the local com. mittees must recall them to! a sense of their duties. They must, by making them mnderstand that whoever attacks the protection granted to a neighbourhood endangers the protection he himself enjoys, prevent individual errors, which would tend to discredit and rain in public esteem the protective system altogether. Itis their duty, in a word, to maintain disclpline in the ranks, to permit no deviation from the spirit and object of the society, and to employ their inuence in opposIng the admission of adversaries or of doubtful friends into the Cha;mbers of Commerce and the Consultive Chambers of Arts and Manufactures, which constitute the official representatives of industry." The report is signed by the President, M. limeTel, who is also a member of the Senate. 'Under Louis Philippe the protectionist movement was very great. Among other means employed by the leaders of that movemeni; the following placard. which used to remain posted up on the walls of the manufactories, is a CurioIIs specimeal - "E"RY OF ENGLISH MEnCnANmlgx. "One need not be very sharp tc perceive t,hat in all these proceedings the only wish is to fisour the interests of England. For- that reason the whole of these fine doctrines (tariff -eforms) are introduced by an Englishman. But the most astonishing fact is that Frenchmen aro found who repeat his lesons. They do not Eeem to perceive that by thee means an attempt is made to ruin the country, and that, ln fact, the English are invited Lto reign in France. Therefore, when tho manufcturers oppose the entry of English merchandise they labo6r, no doubt, for their own interest, but they also labour for tilat of the artisan, and for that of th country at large. " Doubtless there is a good deal of suffering just now (1840), and bread is dear; but it is an additional reason for protecting our industry, and in order to do so we must not allow English meerchandise to enfer. There is much more mliseryin Erngand thanin France. It would noon cease if we ceased to preventEnglish merchan ise from entering France. That i the explanation of alL Now, it is not ncemary to starve the French that the English may be fed, He who would do so does not lov- his 3ountry; nor does he are about the artisan. In such a maL the'rtis will have no confidence. He must tell him thlat when the Englis we in quest:Ou the manufacturers andt artisns of France havo but one 'and the same interest, but one ancl tho same thought, and but one and the sam) he&rt." On the other hand, the advocates of usdl forms of the tariff are not idle. The foUowi are extracts from the petition addreaoedto the Minister, and signed, as I have said, by some of the most eminent among the commercil clae in FranOe - "The principal provisions of !his tariff date from a period when French industry, so s1erlY tried isA 173, W tunablo to support foreign competition, and when natiloalr hatreds, pushed to extreme violence, were most opposed to the development of international commaerce. lenco th, greater part of the manufactured products, of those even in rhich France has proved her superiority, is at this day affected by absolute prohibition. "Since the period when these zigorous provisions were adopted French industry has undergone a complete change. The extent of our exportations in manufactured goods proves its force, its skil, and the greatness of its resources. From that period every foreign Government has moudified the rigour of its tariffs, and has prxticularly addressed itself to the abolition of absolute prohibition. Hence the anomaly which, side by side with a national industry so advanced, France presents, with a tariff made for industry when in its infancy, and which is the most restriceve in the norld. Many of these restrictions, by keeping up the price of the primary articles of gneral use, infiict, by that very fact, great evil on national industry. Ho-wever prejudical such a state of things is, considerable efforts are making on behalf of certain awsociated interests to persuade the public that the indefinite maintenance of these restric- ions is indispensable. Under these circumstances the formation of an association whose object would he to dissipate the prejudices still subsisting in public opinion on thoee points, and to demonstrate the goodcesuits of a tariff reform effected gradually and prudently, appears to us to be apublic necessity. -Such is the association to which the undersigned would give their best exertions in default of greater means of influence, and for the formation of which they have the honour to solicitthe authorization oL the Government of His Yajesty the Emperor. " Carried out according to the idea of the undersigned, the Customs reform would confer on France the double advantage of imparting fresh activity to nationial industry, and of obtaining cheap living, withont doing serionis injury to any interest worthy of being talken into consideration. They thus, according to the sentiments so often manifested by the Government of His Majesty the Emperor, have reason to hope that their demand will he received with favour." 'Here follow- the names attached to the petition, and which include those of some of the leading men in science, agriculture, lawv, and commerce in France, members of the Legislature, &c. Business has been rather dul in Paris durinp the week. The months of July and August are generally a period of stagnation, andtrade only recovers some activity in September. Important orders, however, have again nrrived from Russia anud Turkey. The exchanges between France and the East have assumed a considerable ext,ension since the war, and many articles of French manufacture formerly unknown in Turkey have of late found a ready market in that country. The accounts from the in trial districts state that the price of goods was decining. Silks alone maintain their rates, and the Lyons manufacturers are unable to meet the demand. The Chamber of Deputies have adcjourned without deciding, the Transatlantic packet question, which will probably lie over till next session. A commercial enterprise, the Caisse Gdn4rale des Actiosnnairess, although only founded in December llast by M. Leopold Aanail, hun already given its shareholder3 a dividend of 27 per cent., and promises to be a most usefull and lucrative financial e3tablishinent, being placed under the drection of able and highly respectable managers. A downward movement has accordingly taken place in most of the markets, and the Paris speculators, after resisting, for a few days the influence of the favourable inteligence received from the departments, are beginning to abate their pretensions. The best quality of flour, which reached as high as 106f. and 106f. S0c. per sack of 157 kilogrammes, receded on Monday to 102F. 50c., and on Saturday there were sallers at 100f. and buyers at 99f. The stock in the Halle was only 12,130 metrical quintals. The price of wheat was merely nominal, but looking down. The harvest has commenced in Provence and other parts of the souith, and wherever the crops have not suffered from the inundations the produce is abundant and of excellent quality. The cattle markets have of late been well suDpped, and prices maintain themselves. The establishment of a central market, close to the gates of Paris, is again talked of, but n*ot liklely to be soon realized. The fine weather and heat have been ver'y favourable to the vines. The oudirni has totally disappeared in many localities, and is fast-fading away in others. Spirits are aggain riqing, owing to the scanty supply. Mfontpelier brandy fetches 185f., and spirits extracted frombeet 13of., per hectoitre. Tne Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. 5c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f.; and the New Loan at 72f. 5c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,427f. 50c.; Great Northern, l,110f.; Strasburg, 975f.; new shares, 890f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,4G5f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,820f.; Western of France, 972f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 780f.; Great Central of France, 701f. 25c.; Lyons and Geneva, 8S27f.50c.; Bank of Cr6ditMobilier,1,590f.; Austrian Railways,882f.50c; Gours AW 6ente.=-PAsus, July 7. -Cxh fricer - Four-and.-alalf per Cents., not reimbursablo for 10 years, 94f.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (65 per cent. paid), 94f. ; ditto, Certiflicates (65 per cent, aid, 94f.; Fourper Cents., 82f.; Three per Cents,, 71f. 90c. 85c. 90c. S6c. S0.. 75c. 70c.; ditto second loan of 1855 (65 per cent. paid), 71f. 75c.; ditto Certificates (65 per cent. paid), 7Lf. 76c. ; Bank of Prance, 4,150f.; CrTdit Foncier, Obligations of 5Of., Four per Cents., 430f.; ditto Three per Cents., 395f. ; ditto, 'Tenths, Three per Cents., 78f. 75c. 771. Wec.; Credit Mobilier, 1,590f.- Discount Bank, 700f.; Piedmontese Five ler Cents., 94f.; ditto Threo per Cents., 58.; Austrian Five er Cents., 88.; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 98'; ente de Naples (Rothsclfd's), Ilf. 50c.; Romans, S7; Spanish Deferred Converted, 241; ditto Three per Cents., 4545.; ditto Interior Debt, 39,. l3schange on London, atsigfSt, paper, 25f. 27Ac.; money, 25f. 25c.; three months, paper, 2Sf.; money, 21f. 907o. AUSTRIA. (FROM 0nn OWN CORMrSPONDMT.) VIRNNA, JuLY 4. Baron Werner, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Aairs, who returned from Rome in the evening of the 3d, went at an early hour this morigr to Laxenburg, where the Emperor and 33mpress ave now residing, and immediately after his arrival Count :Buol was sunamoned by electric telegraph to the presence of His Majesty. It is not Inown whether the Roman question is to be discussed between the Mfonarch and his Minister, or whether the Empress is about to be confined, but the probabilityisthat the sudden summons of Count Buol was caused by the accoiunt given to His Majesty, by Baron Werner, of the state of things inithe Papal dominions. The Jesuit party in this city continue to affirm that things are far less bad in the domains of 'the church than is generally reported, but it is well known in military circles that matters are even worse than they are generally supposed to be. Baron de Talleyrand, the Frenel Plenipotentiary in the Commission for the Settlement of the Affairs of the Danubian Principalities, isas already had a conference with Count Buol and an audience of tho Emperor, and purposes leaving for Bucharest in a few days. The question of the umion or non-union of the two provinces is not yet dafinitively settled, although the Austriaus affirm that it is; and is not likely to be until the wishes of the Moldavians and Walachians have been expressed by the Divans of the two principalities. A person' who is well acquainted with the exact state of afirs tells me that if the two Divans unanimously demand the union ofi Moldavia and Wallachia, and England and France give them their support, the Porte will be obliged toyield; he, however, added that if the Western Governments displayed any irresolution, Austria and the Porte would besureto havematters entimnlytheir ownway. If-the principalities are united,the HospodaTriatewill be made hereditary in the family of the Prince elected by the people; but if they remain separate, the flospodars will be clhosen for life, istead of tor the termiof seven years. The news given in my letter of yesterday, that the evacuation of the Danubian Principalities is likely to take place within six weeks, has to-day been confirmed. As the Danish Government persists in its resolve to dispose of the domains of Lauenburg, you may EOOn expect to hear that the German Confederation *has issued a proh1ibitor-iun.' If the probibition is not attended to, the next step: Nill naturally be "federal intervention,t' and probably, on the part of Prussia, in the name of the Burid, unless Russia is the backer of Denmark. Some years ago Austria sent an expedit.ion to Holstein in order to prove to Prunsia that she was not exhaudted ly her Italian and Hungarian wars, but the Austrian statesmen of to-day are wiser than those of yesterday, and are not likely to marh troops to the ntorth of Germany merely for the pleasure of the thingir. The conduct of the grantees of the Austr6-French State Pailroad. Company in the in;tter of the con- version of their 10 per cent. tatn4-m into a capitalof 44,000 sham at par, produced such an unfavonr'able effect on illinds of Austrian. industrial stock, that the Government resolved never again. to grant a fasctidme to the founders.0 of railroad col'p=ies in Austria. Ile founders of -the. Vienna- Salzburg Railwav had a well-founded claim to a'mall annualtandfiene, as they -sometime since voluntarily renounced their right to an indemnification for the expenses of tracing, surveying, &c., but theMinister of Finances has remained firm to his purpose. The following is a brief summary of the statutes of the Vienna-Salzburg Railroad, which -were published yesterday :-Thle ograntees have to oome to an umaerstanding with the proprietors of the Budweis-I.mzGmunden tram-road, and are to agree to any arrangemeut that mray be made in thle matter by the 3linisters of the Interior,' Commerce, and Finances. The grantees are to be indemnified for their expenses i surveying the line and forming the company. The capital of the company is 65,000,000 loiins, represented by 325,000 shares of 200 flori (201.). When aO per cent. is paid in on the capital, the Administrative Council is at liberty, if it shonid' appear necessary, to propose to the general ssembly of shareholders to increase the amount of the capital. The shareholders are only responsible for the nominal value of their shares.' Thirty per cent, is to bepaid in directly on each share. Five per cent. interest will be paid on each instalment until the railway is completed, or the already finisheed parts bring in morethan 5 per cent. The business of thecompany will be carried on by an administrative council of 15 persons, who vill receive for their trouble 5 per cent. of the net profits. Their travelling expenses will be paid extra, and they will besides receive lOflorins for eac& sitting. Until there is a net profit of 5 per cent. the 15 members of the administrative council are to have 40,000 florins (4,0001.) between them. A director or directors can be appointed and paid by the administrative council. As is usual in this country the company is lnder the superintendence of the Government. A credit bank has been formed in Miflan, -with a capital of 120,000fL., for the assistance of the silk trade. IRUSSIA. (sFROM OllR MM= CORRESPOuDNTr.) BEBRLT, JULv 6. I mentioned a day or two back- tbat the proprietors of all boats and ferries in the neighbourhood of St. Petersburg have been enjoined by the authorities to prevent any one making use of their vessels for the purpose of taking soundings in the waters appertaining to the Government of St. Petersburg; this prohibition seemns singular enough just at the commencement of the peace, however reasonable it -would have appeared during the war, or when war was threatening. Thereason for these preventive measures having been taken seerms to have been the following :-A little time back a stranger, apparently a foreigner, was observed pacing up and down the banks of the Neva, and performing most unaccountable manipulations; at first his movements were presumed to proceed from eccentricity or insanity, but, there appearing on further examination to be method in his madness, the localanthorities thought proper to take nearer cognizance of the individual: this more intimate acquaintance writhI him led to the discovery of numerous maps, charts, and instruments which he had. about him, and to his being consequently conducted with very small delay across the frontier. In future no sounding or surveying is to be allowed to take place without the speial permission of the authorities. This, however, is no more than the usual precautionary measurestaken in every fortress. Strangers who allow themselves to betray more than the slightest degree of interest in the construction of the works, the number and calibre of the guns, &c., will, in most cases, soon find themselves required by the sentinels to " move on," if they are not at once put under arrest. The foundation of a Credit Mobilier, or similar credit institution, in St.Petersburg, with the assist- amce of foreign capital, seems as far as ever from I being realized. There does not appear to be any want of capital ready to be applied by foreigners to this purpose, but, rather, a great disposition on the part of various influential members of the Court and Government to resist any such important source of power and influence being intrulsted to the hands of foreigners, and doubtless also in some degree from the hope that the capital whiclh is lying dormant in the country in large amounts in the hands of natives May yet be drawn forth from, its obscurity. The newest phase of the approaching constitition of the monetary system in Russia opens up the prospect of aU the plans of credit institutions in St. Petersburg being superseded, and the necessary amount of capital being supplied to the wants of native enterprise there through the opening in the capitalof branch establishments of certain German monetary institutions; these branch establishments would, in conformity with the sDirt of Russian commercialregulations, be carried on in the names andd under the control of some well-known Russian house of business. One of the first, if not the very I first, to carry out this plan will be the Dannstadt Bank, one of its directors, Wendelstadt, having lately passed through hereonhisreturnfrom St. Petersburg, and after a short consultation at headquarters returned immediately through here back to St. Petersburg. The Invali& has published another judgment of a court-martial, confirmed by the Emperor, that has been passed on the late Paymaster of the Samuri Regiment of Infantry, Sub-Lieutenant Petrowski. He has been found guilty of forging a bank-note, and squandering away 19,000 silver roubles out of the military chest, besides committing various other offences against the law. He is condemned to the loss of his rank and office, of his nobility and its privileges, and to undergo 10 years' labour in a fortress. I The present Emperor seems disposed to deDart from the habits of his deceased father on one more point than has hitherto been noticed; he permits petitions to be presented to him when out walking or driving. The wife of an officer, who felt his just claims to promotion unfairly passed over lately addressed the Emperor when out walking early in the morning, and made him acquainted with all the circumstances connected with the case by word of mouth. The Emperor immediately proceeded with her to the War-office, and had the papers she adverted to laid before him, and in a few days everything had been arranged to the satisfaction of the bold petitioner. A fresh plan is mentioned as being-now under the consideration of the >ussian' Government for the purpose of the gradual abolition of serfdom. This plan is described as consisting of a loan, to be raised by the Government, with the proceeds of which it would purchase serfs of the private owners, and then convert them into Crowrn tributaries, or, in case of their devoting themselvestoagricultural pursuits, into hereditary tenants. 'The revenues arising from these liberated serfs, now left to follow the bent of their individual talent and capacities, with no other obligation than an obrok, or rent to be paid to the Crowvn, woulCd, it is considered, amply provide for the interest and redemption of the loan. ITALY. (moM OI I OWh- conREspohiDEzI.) TUP.JN, JuwY 4. On several occasions lately you will recollect it has been recorded how unsatisfactory the acts of the Tuscan Government have appeared to those - of Vienna and Rome. The reply to the Austrian circular of May 18, and the non-fulfilment of the concordat, were the principal causes of offence, and now another act of independence is noted, which is likely to be fully as displeasing as either of .the others. For some time past it has been a favourite scheme at Vienna to Jr>anize a league of Italian Sovereigns, (of which we may presume it was intended that the Xing. of Lombardy should be the leader, in virtue of the accidental circumstance of his also being King of Hungaoy and Emperor of Austria,) who should enter into a compact for the assurance of each other's territories, but the plan was not very cordially received by the Governments which still pretend to have a wiil of their own, and within the last few days it appears to have comnpletely failed, in consequence of the refusl of Tuscany and Naples to enter into such 'an' engagemnent. MI. Ilaldasseroul certinly deser.ves well of- his country for the manner in whi.ch he has succeeded in retanino l the inclinations of the Grand DuLe on such t oocasions. His conduct throughout seems to have been actuated liy the samne conviction, that Austrian influence in Italy was no longer in tha asccidant, i but the difficuIlty of his position, from having so many internal obstacles, has given, an appearance of- vacillation to the foreign policy of Tiuacany which is probably iot due to any 'hesitation on the prt of the Prime Minister. A few days ago only he declared to a diplomatist of high rank that he felt grateful, or that the Tuscan Government ought to feel grateful, to Coiint Cavour for- not alluding to Tscamy at. the Paris Conferenoes. My inf1 nutt at Flo.ence sajXThatthe lrench Repruen- tative, the Prince De 1 Tour d'Ae-ne, limore than once lately assured MI Baldasseroni of the approval of his pclicy by the LFrench Government, but he makes no xention of similar a suran e` havimg been given by the British Minister. An imuportant decision in the Case of aprosecuti&x tor an offence against religion has just bean given. by the Criminal Court of Florenco. A priaoner, who lias accused of having changed his religion from ]Roman Catholicim to Protastantismn, was. efended by the Advocate Seavagnoli, who provedto -the satisfaction of the Court that the civil code of Tuscany does not provide for such a case, and therefore that, though the fact of a. man seceding fromn t]ie establishied religion mig:ht be offensive to the dliscipline .OI the Church it could not be triel by a ciyil court. The Court of Rome, by its late appointments to the civil service, s-ems determined to snow the world that it means to resist to the uttermost all proposals for impreving the administration,i and at the same time both zo unsecularizo the government as much as possible by removing every laymn from all places of trust, and selecting the mos1t unfit i persons amongtheclergyto filltheirplaces. Forin- stance, a M. Policalli was delegatbe of Ferrara, and was notorious for bis retrograde politics, but his devotion to the Government was not considered a sufficient extenuation of his misfortune of being a layman, and con seq:aentbly heivas removed tD make room for a clerk. The King of Naples, who is now on a visit to the Pope at Porto d'Anzio, is said to have taken counrsel wVnith His Holine3s, and that the result is, both thesa potentates have agreed on resisting what they call the aggressive policy of the Western Powers. To give every one his due, it must be confessed the King of Naples has been equally finm in refuinng to join Austria's proposed league ; he has mnade up his mind apparently that his right of Divine grace frees him from all responsibility on earth as to his mniistratbion, and he has no idea of sacrificing any of his independence by entering into engagements with a Pow.er that has placed its'elf body and soul at the disposition of the Church. A gentleman coming from Eilan yesterday says that people were naturally much excited there at the constant movement of troops towards the southern frontier, but that there was no tendency to anything more serioms. In Piedmont all is quiet as usual. The silk cro, Iwhich is now coming in fast, has been below the average in point of quantity, bat the quality has l:een so good, and the prices so high, that the farmers have every reason to besatisfied with the result. It is too soon yet to judge of other produce fairly, for bad weather may still injure what now promises a fair harvest.
SOUITHI AUSTRALIA. We have received papers from Adelaide to the 12th of April inclusive; Under the head 'Our Staple Exports" the Addaide Observr e7 of the 29th of lMarch, has the foll6w. iDg :- " We have repeatedly urged the importance of lookin' at the export trade of the colony as the only sure grouna of permanent prosperity. The influx of money into the colonyr may for a timie create an appearance of prosperity which is delusive, and w hich on passing awvay creates a rezction proportioned to the e-:citement it ca-used. The -wealth noured mito South Australia by the Escort was of this khid. ' It wits an increase to the spending power of the colonists, and, so far as it was invested in fixed property, added to the permanent sources of wealthL The gold was largely the produce of the colonists, -without being the Produce of the colony. It was raised by South Australian diggers, and remitted to Adelaide for expenditure. It increased for a time the income of the colony, and to that extent had the good effect of reviving trade and restoring confidence; but it added nothing to the permanent exportable capabilities of tae co2ony, except so far as it was invested as fixed capital in productiv7a businesses. The import of gold has now ceased, and the temporasy prosperity it created hai ceased with it, and we are compelled to look for our colonial income exclusively to the money received for articles exiorted ; and it augurs well for the stability and fature prosperity of the colony that its exporting capabilities have increased and are increasing. There is not only no retrograde movement visible, but there is a clear and decisive advance to be noted. Last year Teas an unfavourable one as regards the harvest, and had a tendency to create a gloomy feeling with res-pect to the future prospects of the colony, which is not warranted by the facts of the case. If we endeavour to calculate the value of the colonial export forthis year, it will be seen that, so far from its being discouraging, it is in the highest degree encourag ng. "The harvest is known to have been a good one, wand the largest ever reaped in the colony. ReItnin as much as is wanted for food and seed, there wl still be 1,000,000 bushels of wheat exportable, for which there is a pretty sure market. The price may probably fluctuate during the ynar. as it has already fluctnated since the harvest, but taking all the year round, asd remembering that a large quantity has been already exported at a good pric it will not be overratingprobabilities to fix the average price of wheat for the yeavr at 7s. 6d. a bushel. This, for 1,000,000 bushels, will give a grain export of the value of 375,00l)6. This is exclusve of anyminor expert, for agricultural produce, which there may be in the shape of barley, oats, hay, fruit, wne, &c. "At the dinner of the Agricultural Society, recentlvheld, Mr. Ningston statedthat copper to the vaiue of 500b,000. wocldbeexported this year from the colony. Other authoritative statements to the same effect have'been made by these who are well acquainted with the revivin. activities of the mining interest, and we know no reason to distrust their correctness. "The export of wool last year was valued at 252,000T. There is no reason for supposing that it can beless this year; on the contrary, there is good ground for anticipating,. decided increase. Several new runs have been =en up, more than compensating for the land taken from the sheepfarmer by the agriculturist. The freer supply of labour, too, has enabled the squatter to extend his operations with. less feaT of being deserted by his servants than he has bad for two or three years past. There will be no exaggeration in putting down 40,0001. as the increase in the vslue of the year's wool, which will raise the value of the pastoral export to 300,0001. This is exclusive of thevalue of any hoofs, hides, &c., exported. " The probable value of the three several staple articles of export, therefore, will stand thus . 3iineral export ... ... ... ... 500,000 Agricultural export ... ... 37 5,000 Pastoral export ...3,00 ... ... ... SOW- Total ... ... ... ... .1,175,0W0 "This is an anticipated result which will not suffer by comparison with any previous ear. The annual export has been previously raisec by gold, but the gold had been imported before it was exported. The export, the produce of the colony, has never yet reached a m'illion sterling in value, but thero is good reason for believinz, as the preceding calculations show, that that amount wVil be attained this year. So far from despairing, therefore, of the future of the colony, there is every ground for encouragement. " It may be said that, admitting the truth of these calculations for the current year, there is not eqcual ground of confidence for future years. We cannot admit the correctness of any such disparaging suppositions. .Of three staple articles of export two of them wi always find a remunerative market, and the limiit of their production in the cDolony has not yet been nearly reached. a B few yeas the export of wool will be largely in excess of What it is now. The stock farmers, far-spreading is their runs are, have not yet taken up a quarter of the colony. In the north and the north-west are yet large tracts of country unoccupied and even unexplored, which will yield sustenance to tens of thousands of sheeD and cattle. Into these districts the squEitters, as they zre pressed for room, will graduallr push with their flocks and herds, till the country norw desolate and lworthless will yield the means of subsistence to thousands. "INo shaft that has yet been snk- has laid open al the hidden riches of the Burra, nor are all tho mineral riches of the colony contained within the limits of one special survey. The half has not been told yet of the wealth that lies hidden underground. When the cost of living falls to a point that vwll admit of a reduction of wages vwithout any ceorresrondingreduction in the comforts of the worling man, mining operations will receive a great extension. The field for them is practically illimitable. "The agricultural industry of the colony caot, perhaps, be expected to continue advancing at the same rate as it has during the past two years. Yictoria to some extent will supply its ow wants, and thle increasing cultivation int :New South Wales and liasanania wrill tend to keep the corn mar3kets wrell supplied. There is, howrever, little ground for fear that the present area of cultiration will be rcstrictod These will always be a mainet for surplus stocks of grain, and if the price falls it will at least have the good effect of discouragingimoraions of u fo mrica."
T'aE AiGTO-ITA11Ax LEGIoN AT MALT.-ATALTA, July 3.-Arrang ects ar being made at Malta for the retuin to tho Iledmonteee States of some 1,700 of -the legion, in weekly drauhts of frorr 40D to 500 at a time. Each private will receive cm embarcation a sum equivalent to a yearfs pay, or abon Iel., and in exchange for tae red fatigae Zacket, wrhich has been by him paid for, and is consqetyhis own. will be .Jlowred to retain the rray ma oeeroat the prop-rty of the British Crown, tSe ;3arda Govemment haing xmade a speal request that none should be sent. back in their scrlet iniforms. The Britih Govemment seems to be perplexed *a to what is to be dcoe in regard to the remainder of the Wogion, n bering swme 2,000 more, who lbar. behaved themcelves in the MOst orderly manner since the late unfortnate oocurrences. - Tin SAuDnMrI A urr.-T11 following details oE the losses of the FiedmonteEs arni in the Crimes are officiaL The Piedmiontes force in the East was augmented by'suecessive reinforeements to i7,5S, mm. Up to the 31A of Octobier, 18,55, it lost 1,S32 ma n, of whom 1,211 died of cholera 170 typhus fever, and 251from woundx and other causes. Of this nueober 56 were- offe, 13 anploy inntbe comissai,ut ad ,5d8rvank ndifi. Tbe n from the 31st of Octber to the thee of the evacuation, are not yet cosn&letay maade uy6 but the le mna be oi, ted at900; so t ta -total lows of cthe = ntese army * ; in tbe TrAr voill be nebost 2 .- . .- ^ PYFTL aLL :n ISHM-Dss*,.uxd-9AY. July 8.-Adau o p 4,50?;.-ditt a bhy ticket, 2 total itoms, 4,77- ,
TEAS UVITPD STATE&S The following letter from our correspondent at 1'vew York was received by the steanme: Ericson yesterday, and, although intelligence by the Arrbia of a later date has arrived, it will be found of m72ch interest in respect to the contest for the Presi- | dency I "Since my last, i:r. Btichanan's official letter has been published, accepting the nominationt of the Cincinnati Convention. Thave already called your attention tothe resolutions, or 'platform'.of thecI Convention. ML-. Buchanan says:- | " 'In accepting the nomination, I need scarcoely-say that I i accept in the same spirit the. resolutions - constituting the platformi of principles erected by the ronvention. To this platform I intend to confine myself throughout the canvas, believing that I have no rght, as the candidate oi the Demo. cratic party, by answering interrogatories, to present new and differret issues before the people.' lIe tberefore assumes the maintenance. of the doctrine, that this country is entitled to 'a preponderance and contror in Central America, but qnalifies the resolutions of the ConventionL by say- g:- ' Should I be plazed in the Executive ehair, I shall use my best exertions to cultivate peace and friendship with all nations, believing this to be our highest policy as well as our most imperative duty; but, at the same time, I shall never forget that ia case the necessity should arise-vhich I do 2otnow apprehend-our national rignts and national horour must be preserved at all hazards and at any sacrifice.' "You can judge as vell as T how far this language qualifies the strong language of the platform, or furnishes good reason for the opinion entertained by many Conservatives, that the foreign policy of tir. Buchanan's Administration will be less ultra than the views of his partv. ' The Republican Convention hasaalso, since my last letter, issued its manifesto and nominated its candidate. As with the platform of the Democratic party, so here, I think, these resolutions are wor..hy o' the particular attention of all who vwish to understand the issues to be decided by this election. " The first resolution declares the new party in favour of preserving the Union; being a reply to their opponents, that they are a sectional and dis. union party. The second denies the 'authority of Congress or a territorial Legislature to give legal assistance to slavery in any teritory of the United States.' The -word 'territory,' in this connexion, signifies a political organization (made under act of Congress) in a new country in which there is not suficient population to form a State. The third resolution affirms the power of Congress to prohibit slavery and polygamy within the territories. It is unnecessary to say that this is aimed as well against Brigham Young as against the extension of slavery. The fourth and fifth relate to Ranzas, and take substantiaUy the ground- which I pointed out in my last letter as most probable. The sixth I give-at length:- " 'That the highwayman's plea that 'might makes right,' embodied in the Ostend circular, was in every respect unworthy of American diplomacy, and would bring shame and dishonour upon any Government of people that gave it their sanction? " This is certainly as strong and explicitusanything ever said by The Time. W*hen tead it was received with shouts of approval by the Convention. Of the remaining resolutions, one is in favour of a railroad to the Pacific, one advocates the improvement of rivers and harbours by the general Government, and one invites the support of aU persons and parties opposed to theAdministation and in favour of tais platform. "The nominee of the party is, as indicated in my last letter, Colonel John Charles Fremont, of Califorma; and it appears to be thouight by his friends that his age (he is 43) and his heroic achievements -will excite thesympathyand enthusiasmoftheyoung men of the Republic. He is a Southerner by birth, who eparentsa-drelativeshadlittlemeanstoadvapce hlim in life. With an appointment in the army, he succeeded in being detached to explore the passes of the Rocky Mountains, and penetrated into California over the Salt Basin of Utah before the Mexican war. During the war (or just after it) he laid the foundation of a large fortune by the purchase of the Mariposa property, the title to which has been confirmed by the Supreme Court of the United States. On retiring from the army he remioved his domicile to Calfornia, where he was mnainly instrumental in securing the adoption of a constitution excluding slavery, and was returned thence as the first senator of that State after its admission into the Union. Since then his career has been better known to Europeans thau that of most American statesmen. He is, I believe, the youngest man ever put in nomination for the Presidency. "The candidate for the Vice-President selected by the Republicans is Mr. Deyton, of New Jersey, a former member of the Senate of the United States, who opposed the Fugitive Slave Law of 1850, and lost his election in consequence. " These nominations mark another step in Ameerican politics. From the passage of the Nebraskca Bill f have constantly pointed out the increase of tile anti-slavery party in the North. I ventlred to desig-nate the election of Mr. Banks as Speaker last wnter as a resolution. Another step has now been taken. This party of only two years' growth have added to their principles the advocaey of peace and the denunciation of the Ostend Conference, and have selected for their candidate, to represent their principles, a young man, not hitherto connected .ith the statesmanship of the country, but with manly elements of popularity. You can easily see that the contest is not to, be so easy as appeared some twro months since. :The Ness Yor* Herald says of the doings at Philadelphia,- " ' Tne Republican platform is pretty well. It amounts to little. It may be condensed into three sentences. 1. They want Congress to rule the territories and to exclude ,lavery therefrom. 2. They want Kanzas to be free. 3. They vant no war. On the other hand, the Cincinnati platform takes a different ground, the Democrats want-i. oangress not to meddle with the territories. 2. icanzas to be slave. 3. War. Of these two platforms the first is unquestionably the best. . . . . . . Every one can judge of the relative merits of the third proposition in the two platforms. If the interests of this country can be best advanced hy a war vith France, England, and Spain combined, brought on by a recless attempt of our Governmeat to seize Cuba, then the Cincinnati platforml is tim prefer. able one; hut if w e shall he the greater gainers by peace, industry, commerce, goodwill, and nublic enterprise, then the Fremoat ticket is the safer of the two."'
CIvmL LIST PrYsIoNs.-The following is a list of all pensions granted between the 20th day of June, 1855, and the SOth day of June, 1856, and charged upon the Civil list (pursuant to act 1 Victoria, a. 2):-July 21, 185W, Thomas Dick, D.C.L., 501., in consideration of the eminent services he has rendered to literature and science. Deceniber 27, Joseph Haydn, 251., in consideration of his usefil and valuable additions to standard literature. lMarch 4, 1856, Mrs. Pauline Da Plat (widow of the late Brigadie- General Da 1'lat, Royal Engneers), 1001., in cousideratiCn of the distinguished services of her husband, and the strait. ened circumstances in which she is nlaced by his decease. In trust to Captain C. Taylor Da VIlat, R.A., and Mr. A. S. Green. March 4, Psyche Rose Elizabeth Hosbe (dau$hter of the late Admiral Sir William Hoste), 50MI in conmideration of the naval services of her father, and her own destitute and infirm condition. In trust to the Marqui To%vushend and the Rev. J. W. Al . March 4, rs. Fanny Drrammond Lloyd (widow of the late LieutenantColoa 1 Llovd), 1001., in consideration of the long civil, diplomatic, and military services of her husband, lIis active exertions in the East during the present war, up to the periqd when he fell a victim to disease, and the state of destitution in which she is placed by his decease. In trust to Mr. F. B. AIston and Mr. J. Laurie. Marchl4 Samuel Lover, 1001., in consideration of his eminent ser vices to literature. March 4. Francis Petit'Smith, 2001., in gousideration of his great and, for a long period, gratuitous exertionV connected with the introduction of the screw yopeller into Her MajesWs service. March 4 Jano,>-Emily Sarah, and Louisa Cathcart, the three eflest daughters of the late Lieutenaut-Gencral Sir George Cathcart, pensions of 1001. a-year each, in cou aideration of the distinguished services of their father, sad his death on the feld of bzttle, when in con.- ruand of a division of Her Majesty's forces. Ir trust to the Earl of Warwick and Lord Greenock. March 4, John D'AItoI, 501., in consideration of his literary merits, ar.d his numerous contributions to the history, topograh r, =nd statistics of Ireland. March 4, Mrs. Maia aong (widor of the late Frederick Beckford long, InspectorG}eneral of Prisons in Ireland), an additional pension of .501 a-year, in consideration of the eervices of her husband in consequence of whose death, from illness contracted in the execution of his duty, she has been left, -with a largo family, in circumstances of great distres5. March 4,Catherizie nd Emtnily Baily, and Mrs3 May Ward (daughters of the late MEr. :Baily, of the W7r.office), 501., in consideration lof tha long and meritonious services of their father, and the'r* own destitute conditien. In trust to Mr. N. Grant, MLD. March 4, Thomasine Ross, 501, in considerationt of her liters merits, In trust to Ajor-General 3Maclean and Mr. Edward De Grex. March 4, rs. Mary Haydt (widow of the late Mr. Haydn), 251., in con.sideration of the numerous useful works contributed to standard literatu-re by her late husband, and the destitute condition in which she ix .o Cedby his decease. In trust to Mr. John Barrow and 3Ir. lariCk Watts. June 5, John YDonovan, 501., in cozisideratio, of hiis -valuable contributions to ancient Isiah history and literature.-Total, 1,2001.
AMlERICZAI POLITICS. (From the 2New Yoi* H,.\va 1Th London Timac, in ens of its receut articles, takeg to task that portion of the American people who bit still am:i our political struggles and permit themselves to be governed, or jeoparded, or ruined, as the case may be, by those -who mnakepolitics theirbusiness and their trade. "IWe hear," sayslle Tinze, "of a large clsss of Americans, intellectual, wealthy, and re;ined, who take little or no part in the management- o' pu'blic affairs, content to utter a negative 3o and then, bu'e rarely rising to affirmatiTe action."' This 'lTe Ti-mez considers a cause of just rep'each, and it fells itself called upon to administer a few words of admonition to those who are so ijuensible to their political duties. That thero is miuch truth in this we cannot but admit, yet The Times does not' tbi,k as deeply or phil;eophise as profoundly on the subject as it might. It is the fault of all British statesmen and politician that the v- look upon Goyernment as the end of civilization, and not its instrument. The possession of its offices is with thern the real object of all just and noble ambition, and all the policy of partei and all the progress of events amr subordinated, if possible, to getting a foothold near the throne, or, in other words, becoming the GovernmeDnt. Thisis, then, the idea of govermment in England-the possession of the executive authority, generally sought for by men of noble birth, great inheritances, and commanding talents. From this limited class England derives her political guardians, and the peope at large, as voters, have but little opportunity of changing them. Here aud there a popular tnumphs resounds through the land, and has, its effect on some particular measure, but the Government-the machine -remains in form and peculiarity the smoe. It is the power of ruling, not the result, which influences English politics. Quite different is ~i 'with us under our institutions. So preCse are the terms of our national and State constitutions, that there can be but very little variation in tho conduct of public affairs. It 'was De Tocqueville, we believe, who remarked on the great sameness w3hich prevailed in the public character of our Presidents. They seemed to have put him in mind of that antiquated system of landscape gardening, | "WShere every alley has its brother, " And hali the platform but reflects the other." And, indeed, when we look back at the Administrations of Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, and Adams, they appear very much alike in tone and manner. We almost forget the order inwhichtheysucceeded each other. We defy any one, on the instant, to name their secretaries correctly. The constitution has been the bed of Procrustin; those officials 'who were too long for it bad be shortened; those who wers too short have been stretched out. Thus their stature has been much alike. It is not, then, the Government, nor the man at its helm, which fixes exclusively the attention of the American people. If we are protected in our private rights, we may enjoy liberty and pursen happiness undisturbed by tyranny -we have gained precisely and exactly w'nat we wanted to obtain from Government. If we may tranquilly follow our tastes and undisturbed enjoy the blessings which God and uature offer us, this is proof enough that we have as much government as is necessary, and our object, to do with as little as possible, is attained. If the large, perhaps the largest, portion of our population are indifferent to the passing elections, it is because they realize the assurance that there is a great uniformity, of necessity, inthe administration of our laws, and that one set of men in power are very like those who havegone bcfore them. It is the confidence we havo in the survivmg of our constitutional authority over temporary clamour which prevents so many froml taking an active part in politics; for, out of 24,-000,000 of people there are only about 3,250,000 voters, and out of these 200,000 briefless lawyers and idlers, without business, control the I result; and thosewtho do not vote are quite as happt and as valuable citizens an those who rush noisily to the pol ls without these convictions of permanence and security. The American people are ready enough, notwithstanding, to act upon emergencies, and wvith a vigour which no mere party ecombination can resist. Thus, when the Administration of John Quincy Adams became distateful to the people, because they considered he had obtainedhis election by an unfair coalition in the house, General Jackson, a newv man, totally unconnected with any ':ty, was eleced to succeed him almost by acclamation. W nen M1r. Van Buren's Admini'tration became disastrous in consequence of the effect of his measures in the commercial and manufacturing interests of the country, General Harmison was taken from his farm and placed in the chair of State by an overwhelming majority. General Taylor 'was also carried into the Presidency in the face of official patronage and every existing combination; and so even now, if ilr. Pierce had been re-nominated it is believed he could not carry a single State. Or, if the opponents of the present Administration had a common bond of union, the defeat of the Cincinnati candidate would be beyond a doubt. Therefore we say again TIhe Times does not understand the philosophy of the case, ad vwe have, we think, explained But although we have this confidence in the patriotism and determination of even the most quiet and passive of our population, and know that when they nmove they are a perfect catarac', bearing away for ever all that impedes the majestic flow of the great stream of liberty, nevertheless it is the duty of the independent press not to relax itsvigilance. It must do its daty, watch the r:sing and the falling of the current of time and events, and aanonnce them like faithful sentinels to these who repose so happily and so contentedly along their shore.
THE PUBLIC HEALTH. (From the Registrar-General's iReort.) In the week that ended last Saturday tihe deaths of 1,027 persons were registered in London. In the corresponding vweeks of the ten years 1846-55 the average number was g74, which, for comparison with last week's deaths, should le raised by a tenth part for increase of population, in which case it becomes 1,071. There is a difference of 44 in favour cf last week. A man, aged 32 years, died at 27, Drayton. grove, Brompton, on the lst of July, of "1 English cholera," after 72 hours illness. Diarrhcea shows a slight increase on irevious weeks. The deaths from it were 29. Last week the births of 774 boys and 780 girls, in aU 1,554 children, were registered in London. In the ten cor rcsponding weeks of the years 1846-55 the average number was 1,400. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwicb, the mean height f tihe barometer in the week was 3D008 in. The highest oeading occurred on Sunday, the 29th ult., and was 30-15 in. The mean temperature of the week was 59 2 deg., which is 21- deg. below the average of the same week in 38 years (as determined hy Mr. Glaisher). The mean daily temperature was below the average on every day except Monday, on -which day the highest reading in the week occurred, when the thermometer in the shade rose to 77 deg., and in the sunto 102-5 deg. Thelowest reading occurred onThur-day, and was 44 deg. The range of the week was 33 deg. The mean dew-point temperature was 489 deg., and the difference between this and the mean temperature of the air was 10-3 deg. The mean temperature of the water of the 'Ihames was 67 deg. The wind blew generally from the north-east. No rain fell, except a few drops. Ia the last quarter, which ended June 28, the number of deaths in London was 14,009. Notvithstanding a constant increase of population, the deaths placed on the registers were fewer by nearly 1,000 than in any corresponding quarter since that of 1852. Epidemics or zymotics, which contributed more than a fifth part of the mortality, were altogether scarcely so fatal as in previous spring quarters; but typhus has been rather active, and the cases in which it was fatal rose to 742, the average in the same season of 1852-55 being 59L The eastern division suffered most from the 6omplaint, for the deaths there numbered 214, being considerably more than in tne south division, though the 'atter is more nonulons. and -n- aWn tino in 4tn4 -,,.-t-n- winch iS equaliy populous, and contains the Pever Ilospital Hoxton Neow Town, Haggerstone west, Bethnal-green, Whitechapel north, Mile-end are the parts where the dis ease was most rife. Whilo the deaths from whoopingcough (572) have decreased relatiTely to those3of three corresponding quarters, thosefrom croup discovera decidedincrease, having risen from 79 to 157. The mortality from diarrhoea was much less than usual. There were 146 deaths from smallpox cnthe three monthp, 415 from measles, and 412 from scarlatina. The eastern div-ision, whicb suffe-ed from fever, obtained comparative immunity froni measleFi from rwhich there were on y 42 deaths in that region, while in the south it rose to 139. Carbuncle was fatal in 17 cases. Intemperance destroyed 20 persons, besides probably 35 who died from ddirium trsnens, and a number, undefSned in the table, of persons who lost their lives by falls and other means when intoxicated, and who should therefore be added to the list of victims of excess in spirituons hquors. In the quarter 2,793 persons-viz., 1,632 males and 1,161 feniales died ia workhouses, hospitals, and other public inshtntions. The mean temperature of the quarter was 512 deg., which is about 1-3 deg. below the average. Tke mea -weekly temperature was above the average in only five of the 13 weeks.
STATIsTics or Ci.nm.-The Mfidsunnmer Quarter Sessions for tho Weslern counties have just been held, and in all of them the Snummary Jurisdiction Act and the Jd. venile Offenders! Act appear to have worked satisfactorily. At the Devon Quarter Sessions the chairman, Sir S. H. Nortlicote, stated that there was not a sinle juvenile offender in the County Gaol-a circumatance wrhich had not ten ?snown for many years. The hion, baronet also stated t?aat there had been asteady decrease inthe number of prisoners tried at Mlidsum3mer Sessions for the lastfou years. The numborin 1853 was 7; in 1854.55, andin 185, 45 Thero were 26 prisoners for trial at the sessions for the present year, and to these must be added 14 who had been tried under the Suinmary Jurisdiction Act, making in all 40, which was a considerable decrease when compared with the year 1853. At the Cornwa?l Midsummer- Session3 there were 14prisoners for trial, and 13 had been disposed of uummarily. At the corresponding period last year there were 38 for trial. At the Dorset Quarter Sessions" the chairman, the Rev. H. F. *Yeatman, informed the grand jury that the criminal returns were exceedingly satisfactory for the present year as compared with the I-at. Between June, 1554, and June-, 1855, 308 prisoners were tried for vsrious offences; juveniles, for felonies, 21;-and mindemeanants 561-naking a total of 890 prisone. I Between June, 1855, and June, 1856, instead of 30., there were 22i committed for trial, 22 dealt with under the Juvenile O&_ fenders' Act, 89 summarily tonvicted, and mi9demeamate 404ma?sing atotalof 736- thus howing  decrease, earn. psredmwth the precedirg eser, of 157. At3 Tiverton Borough Ses30ios3 the learned Rtecorder, Mr. J. Tyrrel, reeceived apair of wshite gloves ors aceount of U;ereb g not~a single' prisoner for 'eiL -'- -
DAJIDSOK'S DIVORCE. IMUgE 0F LTOUR NTnhv R This was the- petiti6n of. Medgwick Spicer Davidson, gentleman, of 23, Uppm'Avenue-road, Hampstead, bliddle- sex, praying that his esarriage with Katharine Anne, his. 33ow wife, might be diilved, and that he might be at liberty to marry agaiu. -Mr. Serietat Wrangliam and Mr. Venables appeared for the petitioner, and Dr. Triss in opposition to the bill. When the part,es wre called in, Dr. Twass prayed, on. the pert of 3rs. Davidson, that the liear zof thiscse night be adjourned until the appeal from the decision of the 'Conasstory Court to the Arches Court had been decidedl. 31r. Serjeant WnAN(;nAx urged that the hearing had. already been put off for a week, and contended that the proceedings in the Arches Court could not prevent their Lordships hearing the evidence and deciding the case at once. If their Lordships deciled on deferring the hearing it would only cast the expense of tha appeals upon the petitioner. No valid reason was asigned to induee their. Lordships to adjourn the proceedirga. Under these circunstances he. hunbly submilted that their 1.ordships go on writh the case. The- LoRX CHANSCXL1Or intimated that he saw no reason for not proceeding with. the case. Mr. Sereo nt VWAIN GRAM, in opening the case, said, he had the honour to appear at the bar of their Lordships. House on behalf of the petitioner, -Mr. Davidson, a solicitor in London, in good pra-tice, and who was at the time of his marriage with hlrs. Davidson a widower with four children. He became acquainted writh the lady's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wood, professionally, his firm being the solicitors to Alarge property of which ir. Wood was the receiver. He became. acquainted with the famIily in 184, and on the 20th of Rebrisary, 1855, he marriec, their daughter, Batherino Atnne Wood, themi...age being duty solemnizedl in the parish church of Long N ewute n, in WYiltshire, where they resided. No fortune was secured to the ladF by her parents,'but a settlement was made upon her by the petitioner, amounting to about 8.000., vwich setlement it was one of the obiects of this bil to set aside on the ground that it had been obtained by fraud. inasraunch as it had been obtained by a pretended affection on the part of the lady, while, within three months of her marriage, she had been engaged in a clandestine correspondence with Mr. Emile Lalouette, tho alleged adulterer. That correspondence had been dicovered },y her parents, and they found that she was in possession of his picture. The corre3pondence was -put a stop to_ and they compelled her to return his picture. She had, both before and zince her marmiage, availed herself of the services of a 3nusieseller in Rathbone-place, through whom the correspondence was carried on. After the parties were married they proceeded for some days to the house of Mr. Davidson's mother, in Glocestershhire, when, in consequenceof the prezs of business, Mr. Da.vidson was obliged to retur to London. For a short time after their marriage Mrs. Davidson's behaniour towards her husband was that of an affectionate wife hut after they came to London to live somewhere near the egent's Park; a total change was observed in her. She became extremely cold to her husband, deserted his bed for an entire week, and was very extravagant in har expenditure. Mr. Davidson's manner towards her was that of the kindest husband,-the only fault attributed to him by the lady's parents was, that he was too indulgent to her. Mlr. Davidson kept up a suitable establishment, and, for his wife's enjoyment, two or three saddle horses, oae of which wras kept extr,essly for her. So fond was he of his wife's society that he gave up ?AC1. per annium on purpose to leave his ofIice at an earlier hc,ur. lt appeared that, as they were so short a period on their wedding trip, Mr. Davidson had promised to take her out of town again, and about the month of May she urged. him to give her the promised excursion. Although it was extremely inconvenient for him to do so, rather thar, disappoint her he consented to taL-e her to Paris, at her especial desire, for the purpose, as she alleged, of seeing the Exhibition. He, however, strictly bargained that the visit should not extend for more than a week. Upon that they left London for Paris, and it vould be shown that Ms Davidson had packed up everything she poseessd, and had cleared out all her p3aers, as a person wotdd do who intended a permanent residence from home. When they arrived in Paris Mr. Davidson took hiis wife to hear and see everything, in order to m3a;e up for their sho:rt stay. At the end of the week he communicated to her the fact that hehad received an earnest letter from home requesting his return. She told him to return without her, and alleged, as a reason for not accompanying him, that she intended entering the Roman Catholic Church, and said that she would not be exposed to t'ne scoff of her relatives in England. lr. Davidson then left ber in the charge of a lady's-maid, who had been engaged br her mother, and returned to Enland alone. As soon as the train he was in had left Pars lalouette came up to Mrs. Davidson, and went to her apartments, where he remained for an hour. He came agan at 11 o'clock at night and, remained throughout the night, notwithstanding the renonstrances of the lady's-maid, who remained with them until 6 o'lock in the morning, when she was compelled by exhaustion to leave them alone. Lalouette remained therewith Mrs. Davidson, who was in ahalf attired state, until 8 o'clock, and it was during that period that the adultery was alleged to have been committed. The lady's-maid wrote the following letter to 3Mr. Davidson in the morning after this occurrence:- M May 23, 1856. Mr. Davidson,-Isoon find it my duty to write to you, am truly sorry to have the chance of writing you on such a delicato thing. It is, I am sorry to say, too true wvhat I have told you about. I feel it my duty to tell you, when we returned from the station there was.a gentleman with her for a long time in her sitting-room, and he has been here all night with her ; but I have not left her alone, so that I have been up all night, and I can assure you I have had a night with them. Biecause I sat up they abused me most shameful, but that I did not mind. You may fancy, Mr. Davidson, what a fright I am in. She does not mind a bit for me; I onlv get abused when I do ask for anything. I advise you by all means not to live near Paris, as it is my firm opinion that if sha can get you to take a house she could be with him has she would. I have written to Mr. Rouget to help me; he oan come and take her out and tell her behave been told sh vwas here. I hope, Mr. Davidson, you willnot be long settling about her, as it is greattrouble. with her. I have made her believe that tbe people belonging to the house will tell you and her friends. She did not appear to grieve upon your leaving, more the reverse. I do so wish you to comea and fetch her by force. Ithink I have no more to say. Hope you will lose no time in doing all you can. Your obedient servant, " 3, Rue do Pyramides." "M X. DEN-MIN. Immediately upon the receipt of that letter Mr. Davidson applied to his solicitors to take the necessary steps to find out whether the statements contained in it were true. The next day he receivred the following letter fromhis wife: "My dear Madgwick,-I hope you arrived home safely, without being verv ill ill crossing. The rain niust have calmed the sea, I think. I am expecting to hear from you every day, to know what arrangements youhave made. I do not see that theserooms vwe have are quite the rightthing for me; the entresot is not quite the proper place for a lady, which I did not know vhen I took them. There is a very nice little apartment in the house au quatrisw eliage, which is let at the rate of 1St. a month ; it is very much better than this, and not so public, being higher up. I could go into it from Saturday or Sunday if you have no objection, o; I could look out elsewhere, for I do not think this one is tVe right one for me; but the other is JUst the one you would, like, very private and clean and comfortable. Write and tell me what you think. I also must have a servant, and no time should belost. She must be French and one of my own choosing, I do not think 1 cm bound to submit to be kept in the custody of any one, and if you choose to p3rt with me you cannot force me to be your prisoner. I never shal change my determination of being a Ronian Catholic and as soon as f can I shall be received into the church; now from force of circumstances I am a memberof none. I *annot buyoven aprayerbook ; but you must not think that poverty can make me change. No - never ! I hope that the aear little children are quite welL Oh, Mfadgwick-, do not let them hate me too; no, speakkindly of me to them-street little Jessie! how I should like to see her; but no ! I shall never see any one of my once. kind friends again. I never shall consent to return to England with the world scoffing at me and my friends neglecting me. NYo, such. being the case, I must submit, and here 1 remain. If I have ever said any. tbing in a hasty moment and offended. you, and for all my past conduct, I must humibly ask your pardon and repent ; every unkind word I retract, and only remain firm to my faith. I never shall changge that now. It is near post time, ard I must conclude, hoping to hear from you soon. The 51. yougaveDenmanis nearly gone; she has 2t. left, and we have not yet had dinner. She has to pay for fire, knives,. 'spoons, everything-butter, bread, and yon do not know'howv little things take awiLy money. "Believe me to remini, as long as you wish, your affectionate wife, - "K. A. DAvDan-ox.' " 3, RBi des Pyramide,, May 24, 1855." The facts of the case, as he had stated them, would be proved before their lordships, and he trusted they would order the bil to be read a second time. The following evidence was then called in support of the 'bill. The service of the copyr of the bill upon Mrs. Davidson wan admitted. Robert Bargess, clerk to the petitioner's solicitor,producod a copy of the register of -the mlarriage of Mr. and aIrs. Davidson. He served a copy of the bill upon, the trustee of the marriage settlement. Mr. Frederick George Davidson, the brother and partner of the petitioner, provedl having been present at thle mar rit:e of his brother, who was at that time 38 years of age. Miss Wcod was under 21 years of age. Mlr. Davidson wasat that period a widower, with four children. After themarriage they went to a house in Glocestershie. In ten days they returned to Lo:adon, anid went to Mr. Davidsori' house near the Regent's Park. After some time Mrs. David. son appeared cold to lier husband. He kept a suitable establishment and three. saddle Whorses H wa very anxiou to 2e in hi wife' societ. Mr.Dvdd anxious to be in his wrife's sier .Davidson was very anxious to go to Paris in AMay, 1855. It was very inconvenient at that period for Mr. Davidson to leave England, as l11 their clients were in towhn. They arranged, howover,g to go for a week. HEe wroteto Mr. Davidson, requesting him to return at the end of the week. It was exiected that Mrs. Davidson would return with Mr. Davidson from Paris. Before that period they had never heard o l Mr. Ialouette or anybodyellshavnghad any onnexion with Mrs Davidson. Cro6s-examined.-Mr. Davidson first saw Miss Wood in June, 1854. The engagement took place a nmonth or six weeks before the marriage. About 3ay in last year, was the period vwhen the French Exhibition opened. By the i'ousm-He had never heard Mrs. Davidson' expresa a wish to become s, Roman Catholic, either before or. after the manriage. Mr. PhiUip Francis, a borrister residing in the Temple, and-a pousin of Mr. Davidlson, also spoke to the kind coudact of Idr. Davidson to his wife, and the determination of the latter to go to Paris. - I - Joah Merchant, a footman, formerly in the employnento of Mr. Davidson, orroborsited the statement of the, former - witnese, Since Mr. Davidson's return Mrs Davidan bad not bsen to the house. 'He hd taken iu ntkny lette-s' for Mr. Davidson, amoni' which there used frequently to- beletterafromFrance. ' ,P ,I a Jeferies, the hasenaid during tho period M3rj. Davidson was at the house mwer the Regent's PArk, said that 31r. and Mrs. Davidson had Nlpt apart for a week. When 3Mrs. Davidson went to PAris, she took all' her jewels and her drawingroozm ornaments with her. SheL had seendbr Davidson destroying letters before going to PAris. She hal founid the "hes in the grate the-next morning. I I Cross-exasnined.-During the period Mms. Davidson did not sleep with Mr. Davidsoi, a sister of the former wa Staving with them, and they slept together. The writing. del Ibeloing to Mrs. Daviloso wa Trey small, ad-would mo odalher letters. Mr. D'Alcorn, a niusiesellor in Rathbone-plaoe, aaid, he klnew Mrs. Davidson before her marriage. He had reeved a letter from that lady, requesting him to pest a letter :for France. She told him that she was prevene Riting to anybody at borne, as they reid all her letters. ThAt letter wazsent in November, 1854 The, letter enclosed was-directed to a person in paris.t Atfter her snasage irs. Davidson became a frequent customer atis shop. She canne to -him one day and said that she had lost Pletter containing the halves of tro 6..notes, nnmbered 2821& and 28214. That letter wara irected-to-Mr. Lalouette.- She 'enested him to take car-, - any letters which arrived for her. e had done so, and forwArded abount eight or nine which came, di. rectedtolim, enclosing an inner envelope directed to Mrs. Davidson. Those letters came from Paris. Some of the seals bore the impress of the name " Emile." She asked his advice as to sending awriting-desk, a nd then a-picture-of herself over to Paris. Some time after (inabout three weeks) he received a small packet for her, which contained a picture of a gentleman. She said, "lltis Emile. but how cross le looks." She said on asking for her bill that she waa going to Paris, and that she might n-ever return. Cross-exsmined.-Her ma'd was with her in the car. riage. Henry Dolby, a stationer in Regent's-quadrant, said,ir. Dandson gave himn an order for 41. or 51.'s worth of embossed ( fer forfitting up writing-desk. The envelopes had "E. o stamped upon them. She said she wished them soon, as she was going fo send them to Paris.. A box was sent from her house with a message requesting him to eend it to Paris. That was directed to Mr. Lalouette. A few days afterwards Mrs. D)avidson called and paid hini. Another box, directed to the same person, was sent to him to forward. Mr. Bshell, a clerk to Messrs. Gosling, the bankers, said, 3Mr. Davidson banked at their establishment. He had p3id t'hat gentlemaan two Bank of England notes, numbered .28213 and 23214. Mary Ann Denmau.-I was engaged by MTs. Wood, shortly beforeher daughter's mxirxage, as lady'snmaid. I went there a little before the marriage, and accompanied Mrs. Davidson from that period until her return to England. Mlr. Davidson always behaved very kindly to his w-ife. Mrs. Davidson spoke to me about a person named EBiile ; she did not mention the surname. She told me that she had become acquainted with Emuile in Boulogue, when she was atechool, about four or five years beforc her marriage. She told me that she had communicated witn him three months before hermarriage. She showed rae a picture of Emile. She told me that her picture had been taken at home, which she had sent over to him. She said she was very much attached to him, and that she cared for no one else. Soon after the marriage she spoke to nie about going to Paris. She said she had pe,suaded Mr. Davidsontopromisetotakeherto ['anis. She appeared very anxious to go. Size told me h1r. Davidson had agreedto take her for a week. I never, before we went to Paris, heard Mr. Davidson speak of Mfr. Lalouette. I am quite sure he did not know of any such person. On '-he day before we started for Paris Mrs. Davidson opened her davenport and drawers and took out her letters, which she destroyed. They were Mr. Davidson's letters. I remonstrated with her for doing so, but she still continued destroying them. She told me to put up all her dresses andthings. She wanted to take her weddan dress withher, but I told her there was no room for it, and it was left belind. She took a great mrany more dresses and other clothes than were necessary-.dl that sho had. WV went to an hotel in Paris, where we remained during Mr.Davidson's residence there. Mrs. Davidsmon would not sleep vvith Mr. Davidson in Paris, alleging that the bed was too small. After we had] been there a week Mr. Davidson said it was time to -go homo. Mrs. Davidson refused to return, and her excuse was that she. was going to become a Romnan Catholic before she went to England. She said she would not leave Paris until she had been admitted into that chmuch, and that she wished Mr. Davidson to return to England and leave herfor a day or two. ] told Mr. Davidson that I thought Mrs. Davidson had some other excuse than that of -religion, for I- id not think religion had anything to do ,wth it. Mrs. Davidson wanted Mr. Davidson to leave her some money, and he said that he could not leave her any -money to stay in Paris, she must come with him. She said she would write to her lawyer and demand her rights. She was rather violent. Mr. Davidson left me 5f.-he appeared much distressed at her refusing to leave. It was then arranged that Ms Davidson should take a lodging, No. 3. Rue des-Pyramtides. We went there the day before llr. Davidson left for England, on the 21st of Mav. On the morngof the 22d we went to the station. We waited until Mr. Davidson left. They appeared to be very affectionate in parting. When Mr. David&on left Emile came up on the platform. He spok-e in French to Mrs. Daidson. Idon't speak French. There were four roomis in our lodgings, and Mrs. Davidson chose the room adjoining the entrance. She told me when we got home that Emile was coming. I told her it was very wrong of her to admitbhimi. He didecall and remained for an hour. About nmalfps 9t shEe told mneto go to bed, as we had both beenu early. I assisted her to take off her dress and stays, a sbe remained in her petticoat, with a flannel jacket on her shoulders. She then went into her bedroom. About a-quarter to U I heard some person oping the door. I went out and found Emile there. He had the key of the door. He said he wished to see Mr. Davidson. I told him she had gone to bed. He was goiUg away, when Mrs. Davidson came out in her undressed state, and they then went into the sittingroom. He at first 'wished to go into Mrs. Davidson's bedroom. I would not let him. Mrs. Davidson told-ne to go bed several times. I refused doing so. They kissed each other, and she sat upon his knee nearly all the time. They spoke in French. After 2 o'clock Emile left the room and went into Mrs. Davidson's room, where he undressed and went to bled. Mrs. Davidson then wentwith mneinto the bedroom. She satbhyhis side on achair. She took Emile's hand and k^issed him. She laid her head upon thepillowv. I was inand out of the room several times until 6 o'lock. I-sat up with them. At 6 o'cock I left them. I bad previously wrtten aletter to Mr. Davidson. That is the letter. At 6 o'clock I went to mny bedroom, and fell asleep, -for I was so exhausted with sitting up. It was just gettig daylight when I wrote the letter to Mr. Davidson. When I went hack from writing that letter I found the andleblownout. At S o'clock Mrs. Davidson came into my room, and told me that Emile had just gone. I sent the letter to Mr. Davidson during the day. Emile used to call every day, and sometimes took Mrs. Davidson out. One evening, w;hen I was sitting in my bedroom and they were iU the sittngroom. I heard .an attempt made to lock my door, and, after Emile left, I asked Mrs. Davidson wvhy-she had locked-the door. She said the door would not lock, and appeared very much flushed and confused; her hair and dress were disordered. One day afterwards Mrs.- Davidson came ini andl said shie hadl beenwaininteon de Boulogne. I looked at her srboes and they ot soiled. On thefollowing TuesdayMr. and Mrs. Wood came to Paris. I pointed out Mrs. Davidson to the solicitor's clerk-. I also showed him Emile's picture. I returned to London with Mrs. Davids-on. Mrs. avidson did not take any step to become a Roman Catholic during the period she remained in Paris. She never read any religious books. I never saw any criminal act on her part. She has no' had any child, nor has she been in the familyway. Cross-examined.-On the day before Mr. Davidson left Paris tnere was some dispute between them on the subject of her becoming a Roman Catholic. I don't know that Mrs. Davidson had any correspondence with a lady named Price, who had turned a Roman Catholic. I knew the reason of Mrs. Davidson not wishing to return. I knew that Mr Davidson had seen Lalouette during the time she was stayig at- the hotel. I did not mention the fact to Mr. Davidson, because I did not 'chink there was anything. improper gomg on betwreen them. I wrote a letter to Mrs. Wood, and to a Mr. Rouget in Paris. I wrote the letter to Mr. Davidson at daylight, and the others afterwards. I swear that Iwrote the letter to Mr. Davidson during the night, and not during the day. I recolect Mr. and Mrs. Woodbemin in Paris. Mrs.Wood saidto me,"Is itso bad as. we think . I said I did not know, but he had been there all night. I did not 'say to her " Comfort yourself, my dear hrs. Wood, she is not guilty." I wrote a letter to Mrs Davidson, containing thepassage, "sThereis One above who knows sou are innocent." I felt for her beini so young, and 1 wrote her that to comfort her. I never said, she was- innocent. I never told. Carr ihat I believed her innocent. Carr is a servant in Mrs. Wood's family. The reason I did not goto bed before M. Emile came -on the night in question was because I thouight2Mrs.Davidson'smanner very odd. Mrs. Davidson and I had some discussion as to my behaviour not being proper as a servant; perhaps it w%as not. I did not consider D.Lm .e was ill I never exeaed any alarm as to his illness. - - When the candle was bown out there was only one candle intheroom. WhenIsppoketoheraboutlocingthie doorbhetwreen myroom aod the parlonr she told me hat it vould notlock, and that I might try if it would. I alwa-s walked out of the room whien M. Emile came. I did not go out one evening after Mr.Davidson had gone out nith M. iEzile and find her listening to the musc. -Whe I wgrote the letter to Mr. Davidson I expected he would come over and fetch his wife. Mrs. Davidson told me -before she wXent to Paris that there might be i a ldy and gentle. man staying at -Paris, and that if there wa5 she thouldi to reniain Beintz and Smart, two persons who were employed7by -ho solicitors for Mr. Davidsoni. proved: having seeenfr&_ Davidson walking vwith Mr. LIlouette- in thoe stretes in Paris. They had also seen them go into a cafc together.- Mr Henderson, -a solicitor, said that M3L alouette-hid not been in England sinen this affair took place, and therefore legal proceedings had not taken plae for tbe purpose of bringing an action to recover damages for the crimimnil conversation. Mrs. Da'vidson had written to him, asking for an interview with her husband. - That being the whole of thepetitioner's case, Dr. Tisvs, on the part of Mrs. Davidson, prayed for: an adjournment-to produce witnesses in contradiction of Mary Ann Denman, - upon. whose testimony the whole of the. petitioner's case rested; and he then called M9r. Wood, the father of 3frs. Davidson, who stated that rar- Ann Denman- had said several times that she believed his daughter to be perfectly iinocent. Drt.Txiss sad that there was- another witness named Carr wio would also contradict that witness's testimony, - The J,suD CHANCYLLOR-SAid, under these cireumstaness; tb4, further hearing would bepostoioned till to-morrow, at 3 o'clock. , - - .- - - ,, (Ad'ierStia ente1-The Royal Agriculturl Sci etX of Enisthn4'8Slov., To sren,eri-Assicutiial} lmnp1imeotMae-asmd dena AdsbrtUwe,, c.-Tho "SundAY TIs." the Ie4eekIr Ia' 1e-n'snii0o,. wi -conta,na so freport ot tbo -great- etmls as 'It ai6 a6t oft tlhe T orflm ot Islemenb- aa thn Pni&Catile o and zy l,donmatibou gtJr to atffewturem. xUyj : t: se- uenforln. s^tvoni *z iluatrt.iw acdrerti*ioe,.t Ji, idiq.e.b- - I tbe~kinsdmn.or i idi.im " yTun canI-Fe had of all the-s-rdcip4, newxyPodeerai t ,atshe elice 113, Flt-street. Louax& -Prioe with
*LA17 REPoRT. I CE-CH O1S' OOURT5. JDTy R I - - - WILXS V. GRDOI. I (Beforc -im-6?anceZr Sir IL T. Kunmmmr-iI Mn nU55 casa tbw11cki was IU1 reported yestrday, ot the question of ayJment into Mes.-Strahaa'k bany the testator, John Itooper, wlho was a barrister, deviel all his real and rasiduary personalestate to two truste, upon tr.stA after msnking certain payments thereout, to py one annuity, a clear yearly sum of 100g. to Sussnal W-il, the plaintiff, for her life, for her sole and separate use, and, after her decese, the principal was given to 3iss Jula Blacktt, one of the defendants, and mow Mrs. Youngerand the question was whether the word "clar had the effect of giving the annuity free of legacy duty. Mr. Baily and Mr. G. Collins appea for the plaintiffs; Mr. Selrwyn and Lr, H. W. Moore for Mrs. Younger - lMr Glasse for the defendant Groom; Mr. Sandton sai Fr. Craclnell for the legateeg; and Mr. Wickenx for a pur. chaser of a portion of the estate. The Vicz-CHAy-cELLort said that he wws bound by the case of ' Haynes v. Haynes," 3 De Gex, Mac, and Gordon. 596, in which all the cases on the point were reviewed, aund where it was held that -such words did have the effect of freeing the gift from legacy duty; in thia case, therefcre, the saLuity to 4ho plainitiff was free of legacy duty. (Te cforJ V%C JhanTOr)S ibT. STUART.) The VICE (JHA2;CELwR rose today at a qtuarter EmefDrc 11clock, hainog disposed of the cues in the paper for the day, vith the excepotion of twro, wbich wer dfrteed to^n over until 'Thursday. The paper for to-morrowr (Wednes day) comuprises only two cae, which come on upon further directions and costs.- (Befrc- Fi c-Cuazncdlor Sir W. P. WOOD.) PRICHARD V. NORPIS. BRODHICK V. BON"W. These canses came on for further consideration. T.he questions, wyhich were many in number, and for the most part of great complication and technicality, aro9e out of the wills and codicils of Mr. William Sutcliffe, of Bath, and his sister, lhss Clara Sutcliffe. The cases have been alredy in one fornx-or another upon several occasions before the Court. One of the questions was as to the following bequest, in William Sutclifte's *ill:-'lgive 30 shares in theBath as Compa'ay to WiWlliam John .orris,of Bedford-plaoe, ondoa. Ten shares I except from the operation of this ny-wll, intending to dispose of the same by a codicil --20 share3 I wll shall besold,-'hemoneys settled onthetruRts of the marria'e settlement of m- cousin, ElizaH ale." The tasUtator, ifter giving the resiue of his property to be divided betweei Mr. Norris, Admiral Lye, and Captain Brown, lis cousin iliss Ashmead, and the three sons of Mrs Prichard, nominated Mr. Norris, Admiral Lye, and Captain B-o wn to be executors of his will. The testator, by a codiciL after reciting that he had excepted 10 shares in the Bath Glas Company frbm theoueration of his will, directed them to be sold and theproceeds apropiated for the purposes of the codicil. At the time ofmsnakig his will and coicil the testator was possessed of 69 shares in the Bath.Gas Company, but when he died he had only 3L The question was as to whether the exceptions of the 10 shares and the 20 shares were to be out of the 30 shares given to Mr. Norris, or 'whel;her thEat gentleman tool; the 30 shares beneficially without any trust imposed, or, if beneficially, wFhether SuiDject to *batement. Mr. ROLT and Mr. EDDLS, for the plaintia, contended that the testator must he tal;n to have given 30 shares only by his will, 10 for the purposes of his codicil and the remaining 20 to be sold as directed and settled on the trusts of Mrs. Hale's settlement, and that, at all events, the gift to Ar. NTorris was not for his ownbenefit, but as atrustee for the purpoese pointed out by the will and codicil. Mr.Wu9`eocx and Mr. T. F. MORsx sabmitted that Mr. Norris had taken 30 shares as a trustee only, but that if it were held that he took them beneficially, then that the gift mast abate. Mr. Daniel and Mr. T. Stevens appeared for other parties in the same interest. Mr. GRE1ENsn, for Mrs. Hale, not a party to the suits, submitted that she was entitled to 20 shares without abatement, and ask-ed for his costs of this appearance. MTr. CAIRNsandMr. Rossox, for the representative of Mr. Norris, claimed the 30 shares beneficialy, and contended that the gift was absolute, and that no trust wlhat. ever had been inposed as to it. The 'V'cE-CHANCic,OR, after observing uponthe difficulties arising from the frame of the w generally, aid that the testator, for no apparent reason, had selected Mr. Norris out of the other trustees, said that he had bean satisfied during the discussion that there was nothing to prevent shares in this company frombeing held in thenaumes of twotrustees, otherwisethere might have beenan apparent reasonfor maldng the gift to one trustee only. Moreover, the testator had given to each of the other executors specific giits. t mustbe assumed that he 'was aware that he had r9shares when he made his will. Prilm4facie it would have appeareiltbathehad 30 (as at the time of his death), and disposed of them in this wvay h but the Court must look at the fact that he had 69 sh~'ares at tho time of making his will, and could not deal with the circumztanDe of 38 having been subsequently sold. Upon these grounds, then, a:nd the circumstance that Norris alone, of all the executors, had been selected, and that withont any reference to his capacity of executor or trustee, it must be held that the gift was to Mr. Norris beneficially, subject, however, to abatement, the proportions to be stated in the minutes when drawn up. Wi%h respect o Mrs. Hale, whose interests were otherwie am Ply represented, the costs of her appearance upon this occasson could not be allowed. Mr. WF. Morris, Mfr. Pearson, Mr. Ersikine, Mr. Hloare, Mr. Baggallay, Mr. Goren, Mr. Sidney Smith, iUr. Saudys, Mr. Wood, Mr. D. E. Smith;' and Mr. W. S. Ellis also a?peared in the case.
COUTRT OF OTEEN'S 'ENCrr. .TTrv R (SiWings at Ni.si Prius, before Zsrd CAStBFELL and Spe- cial Juries.) The list contained five causes-one of which was sent for trial before M1r. Justice Erle in the Second Court and the remaining four were arranged after the jury were sworn. The only common jory cause which stood for trial was made a remanet. The Court rose at 1 o'clock. SECOND COURT. (Sitings at Nriv; Prius, at Guildhal, beforc Mtr. Justice EnLi and a SpeciaZ Tury.) HsrDERSON AND A?OTMr. V. B:IGHT. Mr. Wilde and Mr. Murray conducted the case for the plaintiids; and Mr. Bovill and Mr. Honeymnan that for the defendanit. The plaintiffi are merchants in London, andthe defendant is a sesadcrusher, carrying on busine.s at Hull. The action was brought to recover the amount of damages sustained by reason of hlis not accepting a quantity of linseed sold to him by them on the 6th of November last. The* sale.no was in the following terms .-"Sold about300 tonsCalouttalinseed to arrive. Warranted of sound merchantable condition, and equal to the fair average of the shipments of the season of English houses, at 76s. per quartcr. Should the linseed on arrival not prove equal to warranty, or sea or otherwise damaged, the same to be taken vvith an allbwance to be fixed by arbitration in the usual manner." The linseed arrived in X rch and April, and was dulytendered to the defendant, ho, however refused to accept, and aLso declined to submit the matter to arditratien, on the ground that the article tendepred ws notnseed at all, andtherefore there was nothingio refer. The lins hcu was sold in May, at 4ts. and 4Sse anqarter the maS;et had fallen considerably before that tine, andi it was stated that the market price of fair average Calcutta linseed was then only 49s. The plaintiffs now climed tbe differenc2 between the contract price and the produce of tbe sale. It was admitted that Calcutta linseed alwys contained a mixture of rape and other seeds, and the principEd question in this cause was whether the article tendered to the defendant contained so large a proportion of different seeds and other foreign substance as to cease to he lieseed. A mass of contradictory evidence was given on both sides; The jury ultimately returned a verdict 'or the plaintif'. It was agreed that the amount of damages should be referred io arbitration,
I COUIRT OF COHEON PLEAS. GunahDUAL JuTy 7. }OST V. EDTXANNT. (Bcforc ifr.TJutice Wnixs and a SAecisiJuru.1 ar. Watson, Q.C., Mr. Hugh HIll, Q.C., andM-r. Rus. slaapearedfor the jlaintiff; and Mr. Atherton, QO., and Mr. J. Wilde, Q.C., forLthe defendant. This *as an action for demurrage on a charteroarzy, viiereby thedefenatagreed to load the plaintiff's shipit Suiider nnd with:a cargo of coals for AleMandria the cha r- terer enagiing to load the ship " in regular turn as customaiy."- The question raised by these proceedigs s s to tbe obligation imposed upon the charterer by these termit, the plaintif contending that under such a charter the ship. ownerwas entitledto have bis ship loaded in a reasonao.e time; and, on the part of the defendant, it was contended tlat accrding to the custom of the port of Sunderland the ship was obliged to wait her turn on the coalfitter's book. Several vntnesSes were called upon both sides, and eventc. ally the jury, nnder the direction of the learned Judge, found that the custom was not proved, and a verdict wis then entered for the plaintiffforthe amount claimed. TUESDAY, JULY 8. IA2NCIANI V. LO NDON AiND SOMH-WJ'rE-MTN RAILWAY. I (Specl Jury.) This was an action to recover damages for the loss of a narmuscript work of the plaintiff on PApal Bome. The cmase had. excited considerable interest Sag, tho formertriunnvir of Rome, and Mslaini were both in attendance as witnesse., but ths defendants consented to a verdict for 2001. - Mr. F. James, Mr. Lush, and Mr. Drewerappeared for the plaintiff; and the Attorney-General, Mr.SerjentBylee, and Mr. Hawklds for the defendants. CA3MTr.XLL V. CrLEY. Thi- -as an acton (Specid Jury.) This w-m in action for "mantenance of suite against the defendant. ! The Attorsey-General, r. Ma and 3r. acnamar appeared for the plaintiff; aad 3r. Serjeant Byles-and Mr. Lush for the defendaht. The AITORIExY-GmINRAL said the plaintiff in this coae was Mi.Alexander Francis Camnbell, the son of Captain and lirs. Campbell. His fatberhad died in 1819, and his widow, the mother of the plaintiff, died alo in the yr 1851, at the age of 81, up to which time-she had always continued to use the 1sme of Campbell, andras alvwys addremad ia that name by her friends, wlso believed her toDhe a widow, and. the menuo y of the lady had beoome well known in connesien wit i a most extraordinary mrnage,shich had -girenrise to-certain xemar'kable proceedings beforeethor tribunals. The defendant in this cue sa suddenly, oupo tlhe:-death *of 31.r Campbell, announced to the rWorld.th;t the deeeased lady was his wife, and that theyrwere cmarried` XboutL-ai menths preViou. :to X CamIpells death before a registrar. The pl.intili Yr. C pbr aturollysurprised at tiintalsu e, ad fet it sis-duty to dispwte n mariage which reflce so sauoh die-i crat-os haisliarent, while it put the defendat in po o -of aitei htere5t in alarge portion of his Potm propu The learned gentleman then proceeded to Akail th varios facts Wgiseu via iene and, hYiKuw&iad l ta of the action,eprobated the condud-of.the defendant in very YSrSteas, and described the Texatio.ss an expensirelitiatio to hich t-he plaintiff had beeanasbjecteant the instu,tion of the defendan, who hid, he said, en. ouraged the puties to oiginate suite in Ch,neiry, ude, the Pla of the intiff ill%i;t-gay I IrJl:. Mr. }EL S. Tbewr.-I was te pibntilr on S' bill 1n Cl&an cerynin "Mr. Campbell. Before filingthe billIx defendant. 'Itwas at hix chamberx, in Veruhsm.buildings. I didl not know bInsm previot-ly. The defendant said, that Mr. Campbellwould ixaverv short time put his jhae& ion aundry xums of ioney, and 17had A good ebianse, being next of kin, if iled bll. Hatheninsstmtedrae how.I w&&, to proceed. I was to give instrtction tomry attorney. He said I wag not to style Mr. Campbell an illegitimate soni a it igiht disgrace defendant's dad wife. I wm to all i n adopt child. Thiswas before I filed myrbiU in .185Z. Defendant gave me much information, which I gave ti Mr. Parsons, rny solicitor.- I saw Mr. Corley many tien, s e. timea dily. Parsons amid he would carry 'the sit in to court without Toney, but coutd go no further. On telling Ur. Corleythis he said be would ee about that when the time camn. Mr. Corley told me he had admited in the Preorogative Court that Mr. Campbell was his late wife's son, but he thought he oould get over that. Aftnr the bill was discharged he found fault 'with Paraons, and advised me to go to e.ers. Bicnell and Co.. and said I was to tell them Iras in such a position now that I could offer them costs out of poc'et, Mr. Corley promising to find the money. I told Bicknel1 and Co. so. They said they could not undertake it. I then went to Mr. Garwood. xr. Corley said he d; not knlow him, but MAr. Wyatt did. Mr. Corley then told me I need not be in too great a harry; things wereworking Tery well, and re. doubt Mr. Campbek would compronisse, and advised me inot to take less than 6,0D01. I afterwrds went to Beckett and Simpaon, on the recommendatlon of 3Mr. Bicknell. Defendant very much aproved this, and authorized me to tell them what Ihad told hd r. Bicknell that ho (Corley) would find the mnoney. Bat Corley said this'was to be "under the rose." We got the suit restored, Cee,rley advancing 2WL to be pald into court for that 1purpose. On the 10th of November, 1852, I went to Colchester to see for evidence, at Mfr. Corley's suggestion. After that I had nore mousy. I got alto-ether from Mr. Corley nearly 1001. Beckett andl Co. gave moe an accmot of-tie expenditure, and that I took to Mr. Corley. About the time of time applict ionfo restoringe the hill,tue fishned the case to be fheadedin a prticular'way, cnwshd it to be stated tas the adopte son. tabe this to the socthr. I m deh ltin- olecotsn mo "Saw l tr. Cor Mrch, 85 He,e , w had maerks an eregou mistake in for blanmade IMlrs. Cu' too old, and advised s toe hon d of Susa Parker, who issanybodT s money; for te plaintiff had it her tha Ite wc an adeopte child." othe extract, datedthenthMay8 - Corley ha told r . Cambpebell was born 17S; married 1810; child hr S died 185, age 83;- age whoa child was bon4yer &H also mentio-nead anoth'er witne'ss, and he said, not ha fed the bill. CampbeUl had his rents and could go on, that we shouldd pray a receiver and stop him at once. He went farther on, and said Qmebell's register of birth could be met by production of his father's 'will. The subpoena was to be sent to Mr. Corley in a blank envelope, when he would return it, as he muist aperto ho our enemty. After -the second bill was disIsedaked him n what should do, and he aid F must get "whitewashed," in the same way thatother and better men had done. I then passed through the court. Ihave neoter ad ary costs. 1^ was brought to beggary by following Mr. Corley's advice. The Hunts, my cousins, sent me to defendaut again. They said they wanted next of hin. Their bJil was afterwanls dismissed. Cross-examined. byilir. Serieaut ByLX&S-I went t-o America in early life. I have been in the police. I Nwa at one -time a. coal-merchant. This was in 1821. or 1822. h Was a tobacomnist in Reading. I 'was then a schoolmaster in Somersvtown for-About sixmonths. Thenlfileclhe the situation of foreman to my father-inlaw, in Tottenhamtcortmroad. 'wasagain a tobacconist in Farylebonefor six -weeks; thenin Homer-street;thenlwasapolice-onstabe for nine months; after that I dealt in old clothes in Moan 3outhestreet; then a brolker in tarylebone; then clerkte an envelope-case makemr for 13 years, until this unfortunate bill brought me to a backi kitchen in Paddington. I first went throughi. the court in 12. I kmew Clark, who was Parsonse head clerk. I first saG Corley in October, 1v5L The Hun told ime that a gentleman bad taken uo the cause for the benefit of the famly. Mrs. Hunt saId an anonymaous letter hadl been written eaying that Mr. A. F. Campbell was not the son of hrss. Campbell, and that a gentleman wishedl a bill to be filedI by the niext of k-in. I sought for Mr. Campbell's baptismal aertifibate at the Catholic Chapel at Colchester. I searched heto. ould find * oA entry inthe abook-. I inquired fore ridge-house cbatnobody knew that name. Ia etan oldrman naned Frost,i whos sid he fetched the doctor to Mrs. Campbea U at Bridge-house. I saw two old ladies, who said they dicl net kno that MesCampbell had a child, and referred me to the doctGrs. - I ai'o saw aC old ewoman, who said she used to mange for The tJUCcE.-These are inoniries after the suit was comnenced in February. aMr. Serjeaut BYl hs-This, mi y Lord, was ubfore any mnoney was advanced by Mr. Corley. The JUDGr.-Snpping the defendant had mo interest in the matter, then & p should say that any amount of "hearsay" evidence 'would not jusiify a man in instituting (fr m improper motives olitigation 'which turned out to be ground- The witness cotinaed to detail the arious inquiries bhe had made at Colchester. CMr Gretton, the widow of. a doctor, tola hit n that she remembered Rsh. CampSl having a child because see was jealous that Mrs. Camp tlo, who was the same age as herself shouad have a son whi'e her child 'was dea.iFrost said he ewas about 57, and he w.ta 10 years old at the time he fetched the doctor. -Allhleknew was he was called to fetch a nurse, ancl the captain ga*lve him 2s. 6d. Thi' was his reason for supposing she had a child. He said he saw a person nursing a baby in the bay window Ja the honise about a week afterwards. lRe-examined by the ATror,EY-GN?-ERAL-All the inquiries I made at Golchester were the result of instractions from Mr.Corley. Thefirstb Mbl hadCbeendismissebefore I went to Coldhester. The second bil was to have been restored -when I went to Colcnester a second tlme. I kinew that Mr. Campbell had experienced some difficulty in prov- his birth. Witness read a memorandum of an intfview aith defendant of the 4th of August, in 'which he said, if Campbell should obItain his ceretiicate, it would be of no useto him; adding. " You know I am at lar C in the Exchequer Court with Campbell, and if you surroundt him with litigation he must i 'wY. JoE1h Clayton, cl1erk to te plaintiff's attorney, said,lis C. Gretton is unable to leaveher house. Her examination was taken on the 14th of June last. I saw her. She appeaed to be a -very old lady, but she walked to the window and opened it, and could hear and talk very well. The JUDGEr .-This evidence is very slight, and not the usual evidence, no medical man being called; nevertheless, as it is in my discretion, I will admit it. Hfer examination was then read, in which she remembere -the birth of the plaintiff 45 years since. The boolk of her 1 to husband, inher possession, was also put in; 'where the date of the birth of the plaintiff -was entered by her husband (in January, 1813), as accoucheur. James Wyatt, examined by the ATro,I\E-GENERAs-- WasB olicitor to thplaintiffsinHunt's i Sit against CampbalL Re came to me onthe3daofJne,1853. IsawMr.Corley a week efter. Hnt'ssonreferredrentoltim. There-waa no understanding between Mr. Corley and myself as to costs. Hunt told me that he had been recommiended to meo byM. Crle. Iam teantof r.Corley. I obtained dhelates ofrs margel ad names from M hCorley. I was not fursishedwthe funds. Iknew nothing of Cune t previously. yc belief at the t1ime 'wa that if I proceededwith the su2it Ishould succeed, lintafterd, read-theaffidaviton the other Sided nott so. I have no claim against Mr. Corley. Ilwas aware of the previous suit. I do not recollect having hadaany conversation wirth the defendant aboutthe otler suit. I knew that Hfunt was a, bookbinder. Dr. Pilnto, by Mr.21&C cy_AicA.-I -was eiglhtyearas pastor of the Catholic church at Colchester. I produce t-he register ofI1813. I examineclan entry relating to the baptism of A. F. Campbell. The sesaller book- wai'kept irnthe leaves of the larger book, The entry is in t'he handwriting of Mir. Behnard, my predecessor... There 'was no Catholic chapel[or church in Colc'hester in his timue. Cross-examinedl by Serjeant Blmss-I shLowed thae larger book to the witness Thew. i found the little book, a year after, M1r. Campbell was turning over the leaves of the lar-ge book-, and the little3 book- fell out. It wa-s inmy presence. I canot have said this book 'was brought by 'r. ampbelL It is possible thaLt If mnight have put it there. There. was formerly muomission at Colchester ; it wzs atWIItham. The look- containmed the, birth, on the 26th of January, 1813, ouf A- F. Camupbell, son of Alexander andl F-rancis C. Campbell. The JuDGE.-Anwe to try the legitimacy easto the ptobable cause? The ArToon y-GzENEsR..L-My Iord, I know not what 'we are to try. Mrs. Perry, exanmied by Mfr. MAiisTv.-I was pr sent at the baptism of -the plaintiff in 1813. My fath;er 3and mnother were sponsors VaiLous letters of the period were put in, in 'which the child 'was spoken of. Mr. Sezjeaut Shee; examinedI by Mr. IL&zcxsTY.-I knew the late Mrs. Campbell. I knew, her from the year 1812.. I attended her funeral. Mr. Campbell, the plaintiifL was -there, and Mr. Corley was there. "Conitanti a Campbell1, rebot of the late Major Campbell, aged 82," appeAred upon the coffin. I was informed, after the funeral, of her marriage by Mr. Corley. Iliad a6 note from Mrs. CampbeUl a su6rt time before she died, signedl ",C. CarmpbelL." I awr funeral, and, on returning from the funeral, he asked rneto come into his room, and the-n told me the lady WhoM We had just buried was I' wife. hxrs. Csmpbell al-ay spoke in telms of groat affection of hor son. [Mr. A. F. Campbell, examined by the ATTr,n1N?E-GrnizAL.-I never dresnt that I was not my mother's son until 1 got thewit in Cancery. I remember my mother first in 1820. She always went b the name of Campbell durin her life I attended her funer at Briglton, and the name of "Campbell"was on her coffin, Xr.-Corlywasthere I wrote out the inscription for ite ooffin, and showed it-to Mr. Corley. He mnver sid he had-mArried nmy mother. After the faneial I went upstairs in the drawing-roow, sad Mr. Serjeant Sheetthe.told.mewhathebad justheard fro6m lr. Corley. Mr. Corley correctedthe inscription, and the words "thelate"-efoW e -or Capbel was struck =ot at his suggestion. :jy mother first intrudee1 me to 3Mr. Corley in1S47. I resisted his taking out letter of adnnim. arMtion. I firsi saW Mr. TheW three years ago in Vice-Chan. eellor Stuart's court, I was on the moat a&ctinnate terisg with my nmother before her death. - . . . Croi,51n5 by Yr. Sesijezat BThS-My snetiew resided with ie at Pl_iad. I did w rit a ietsar s my motberwasaottohave grpe and mailkwent here.. I may have pvned say moter. I p ora,oeui OutEfthe brewhoaesee. I pulled her ca ofrbeieus it had pnk tAimn a d pUt it on to thei rn in, Ze owe PMloer. I may have mhedece of my st do I o tbe of a distAteae in tlh rwhoue I diditak a heeo may I&s S eAie. I put out the kit;e_ firn mqiw-.
COURT OF EXCEEOUER. TuEnsAv. .TinTv S T.}E V. TIE MIEDICAL AND LN-VALTh fISURANCE COMPANY. (Before tV Cnrn BAoRO and a Special J ury at GuitdhadZ.) MIr. Edwin James, Mr. Hugh Hi, and Mr. Phipson a peared for the plaintiff; Sir F. Thesiger, Mr. Collier, Q.C and Mr. Hawkins were counsel for the company. This was an action to recover a sum of 2,000!. upon a policy of insurance, effected on the 9th of December, 1852, upon the life of the late Richard Paul Base JodrelL The office disputed the pjlicy upon the ground that the statements made by which the office was induced to accept the insurance wvere untrue. The plaintiff wa.n called, and said in 1852 I was a -plied to to lend Jodrell 1,600!. A person natmed rnold made the application to me. I was unacquainted with .Jodre3, and I required a ;olicy npon his life. I advanced 1,500!. on the 9th of December, 1852.L On the same day the policy was handed over to me. Cross-examined by Sir F. Tnrsz .-I have been paid the amount. It wias four or five months after the transaction. Arnold acted for me, but not when I received the money. Arnold is, I beLeve, away. Power, I am told, is nterested in the policy. Now I haven't the slightest intcrest in it. The insurance was effected entirely without my knowledge. I never signed any proposal. By the LOED CsiEF BARoN.-I have nothing to do with the action. Power indesnifies me ainst costs. Mr. Spackmnan.--I am a surgeon. I was hir. Jodrell's me. dicnl attendant for some years. He died in November, 1855, of congestion of thc lungs. He was married in 148. He nad one child, vwho died. I never remember any illnes. I attended him once for constipation of the bowels. I never remember any i3Lness which occasioned me the s3ietest anxiety. He was strongly made, and had a fine broad chest. Sometimes he took more wine than was suitable. Some. t?mes, no doubt, he was intoxicated, but not habituaUy so, ro far.as I could see. The details of the report Imad eto the office were true, according to the best of my belief. Mr. Jodrell would occasionally break loose and then pull up Cress-oxamined by Sir F. T SGE.B-l1ad Jodrell any fit of delirium trenzens after he went to Chaldwick-hall ? Ths question was objected to by Mr. JAmES as irrelevant, Leung after the dateof te pliy h objection was ove ed Witness. _I attended Jodrel for delirium tremnsss in Sir Fl. GER then addressedthe jury for the company, aiid called Mr. Gesinore, wbo said,-I am a surgeon at Derby. I knew Jodrell in 1839. He resided at Duffield, four miles from Derby. I occasionally attended him between 1839 and 1840. I have seen him frequently with one Peter Hammond. He was a servant, and seemed to exercise authority over him. In 1840 be came to my house, and complained of being ill. He 'went into my dining-room, and I went away to fetch him something. He was suddenly seized vwith a fit became convulsed and inseusilile. The fit lasted 20 minutes. It was an epileptic fit. He recovered, and I sent him home in a camage with my assistant. I have seen him labouring under the effects of delirium tremenj in his own house. I alo saw him at Derby, in 1840, in the same state. The symptomswerea generaltremour,ndiffliculty in articulation, a-nd a peculiar stare. Cross-examined by Mr. EDwni JAmEs.-I attributed it al to excessive drinking. He was a manof fullabit. He used to hunt, but only to see the start. I never heard of him shooting. I should say he was 22 or 23 years of age then. I have not seen him since 1848. The Loan Csnsr BARpox to Mir. Jamnes-Do you intend to contradict this ? If not, there is an end to the cause. As a matter of law the basis of the insurance was that he never was affnicted vith fits or delirium tremens. This wit. ness has proved that he had an epiliptic fit. Sir F. Tx-SsIGERs.-I propose, my Lord, to call another 'witness; it will considerably strengthen 3my case. Mr. Somers was called.-Iam a licentiate of the Apothe- caries Company, and knew Mr. Jendrel from the beginning of 1845 to October, 1847. I attended biins from March to May in&184. In April.,after an atta-k of ddiriunrtremans, Icalled inDr. Bent. The attack lasted 10 days. In July he had another attaek, which lasted about six or eight days. I am quite sure that it was deliriutm tremens. Cross-examined by Mfr. J&AMs.- Imkew the cause of this was drinksig, He got well-quite strong again. I gave him opium. I visited him in Oct-ober, 1847. He was tolemably welL lHo was a strong fine-built roan. He had an ulceratedileg. Imneversaw him after. The LOaD CHter-BArom._There is an end of the case.e Mr. JA.3ES.-First, my Lord, I say that the statement Was false must be earried home to the knowledge of the plaintiff and that is a question for the jury; seandly, the declrtion does not limit him to that statement, but the faUl rarticulars must be incorporated, and the habitual intoni p nce is there commucda thessariy, Thetis communicated. uniated, and, necessarily, te T the LOde CEF BAtOh -ThO declaration is particularly limited to intemperance, and does not go to delirium stressenis, and it is nothing that a habit is stated which might possibly lead to ddirium tresens. ir. Jpo Es tenderad a bcil of exceptions, antd The LoDn CroeF Brl O directed the jury to find their Terdiet for the defendant. SECOINI) COURT. (Simings at heiw Pri-Ue , at Guiddha, after Term, in Cow ri'tee-roo-s No.1, before Mr. evron MARvix and Commnon Juries.) COanBY V. sIoany. Air. Wairen and Mr. Rose appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Mellor represented the defendant. This was. an acdon brought by the plaintiff, Mrs. Man Anne Golby, as adminiseratrio of her husband, to recover from the defendant, her son-in-law, the value of certain roperty which he had converted to his own use. e defendant Paid 401. 13s. into court, and pleaded beyond that amount " never indebted." It appeared tliat-the plaintiff's husband was a fare a poni Middlesex, on whose death, in November, 1854, his son, the defendant, assumed the ownersgiv of the property, which consisted of farm stock, and w he sold byeauction for 86b. 6s. It was contended on behalf of the plaintiff that the ropetywasoldconsiderably under itsvalue, andtat, hdit been Properly disposed of, it wouldl have realized at lea-t 1W0. The defence set up was that the defendant had acted in 'perfect bona jldes, and had disposed of the prope-rty believing that he was entitledI to do so under his father's will, which was made Previous to his marriage with the plaintiff, andl that the stock was sold for as much as it was Zwot. From the proc-eeds of the sale the rent and taxes, together with the fluneral e-, esan exeses of sale, were paid, amounting to 451. .1: e, aensdthe ebxaantce was paid into court. Mr. Baron MAR-rIx directed tho jury to find - verdict for the pIaintiff fur 86!. Os, and gave the defendant leave to mnove to reduce the amount, in the event of the Court abov beig ofo~iiionthatthe efenantwas jutstifiedl in discargng ertan pymets wichhe ad ade from the The uryaccodinly rtured averictfor the plaintiff The declaration stated that the Plaintiff sued the de. findant on a promissory-note, payable on demand for 200!., dated January 3, 1850, for money due, and on an. account stated. The defendant pleaded that the note was given to acecure the- payment of 100!., which sum only had actually been advanced, and that that a-mount had been repaid; and for a further plea hit pleaded never indebted. Mfr. Hawkins and Mr. Jacobs appearedl for the plaintiff, annd Mr. AL. Chambers and Mfr. J. Brown represented th'e defe-ndant. The plaintiff in this case was Mrs. Jane Chicken, who sued as adm,inistratzix of her husband, to recover 200!., the amnount of a promiasory note given by the defendant, her brother-in-law, a pul3lican.carrying on business atBlackwaL~ to h3er late husband, Thomas Chicken, who died in Septem-. ber, 1852. Accordingtto the plaintiff'scase, it appeared that after the death of her usads father she was preent -t. - n intervlewr between her husband and the defendant when the defendant-promised to mnae arrangements about the nayment of the promisory note for 2001. Shortly after this erhusbandcdied, and the defendant called and asked to have the keys of the drawers, denying that he owed more thanL 1004, alleging that lOOL had been paid. The- plaintiff rcifred to give hin the keys,>and he left in high dudgeoon. Subsequently a regulardemand for pament ws made, and, the defendant declined to pay anything. The case on behalf ofthe defence, which was supported b y theteatimony of the defendant himself, went to prove that the defendant, nowthstanding his having given his brother thenote for 2004, had ouly received 100I. which sum: he had repaid before the deth of his brother. In support of this view of tte case evidence was given which clearly traced notes to the amount of 1001. to the posession of the deceased as having come from the defendant. The earned JuDos in summing up, said it was quite manifest that the defendant had paid his brother 1001., and it vas for the jury to say whether. taking all the CireunUstances of te Case into their consideration, the plaintiff was entitled to the whole amount claimed. It was of the utmost imnortance that written documients should speak for themEelves, and that they should not be subject to inmpeachmentby verbal evidence, particularly when toe person to whom the securityvas actually given was dead. -Thetburden of proof rested on the defendant to establish that only 1004. bad been paid on account of the promissory note for 2001., and failing in that proof the plaintiff wcould be.entitled to tsheir verdict. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff for lO01. and 321. iuterest. SUMMERS V. WEnSuEs. Er. Pearce appeared for the plaintiff, and la. Hawldns for the defendant. This was an actinn brought by the plaintiff; who had formerly been a lady's maid, to recover from the defendantb a beershopkeeper in Snow-hill, compensation in damas for alledged misrepresentation in the sale. of a tobacco business in Snow-hilL It appeared, according to. the, plaintiff's case, that in consequence of having seen a- advertisement in the papers she had an interview with the defendant's agent, who represented, that the shop had been established a year, and that it -was doing a brsiness of from 81 to 94. a-week. From this reresentation the plaintiff was induced to pay 45L. for the goodwill and fixtures and eatered upon the premises at a rent of 50L. a-year from the 19th of October last. Things went on, but with the utmost attention tobusiness the plaintiff, who was assisted by her sister.discovered that she could not realize morm than between 30s. and 21. a-week, and she was finally cornjoelled, the defendant having put inan execution for rent, to elose the shop. llte defence vas that the defendant had not represented what the takings were, but had stated that by aitention a good business could he established, and from 8t. to 91. a- week might be realizedC Mr. Baron MnATsr told the jury that if a Person -zsishing to dispose of a business represented that it would return a profit of so much a week, and it was proved that it was known that no such profit had been returned, that person was guilty of a false and fraudulent mnisrepresentation. That was the plaintiff's ground of complant, and if they thought tbat gtroud bad been established they would award her such damagres as they considered under the circumstances she was entitled to. Tke jury at onlce returned a verdict for the plaintiftIDamages, 704.
COUDT OP BANRUPTCY, Bn719haatlre4e Jruy & Ni BE cMRLTMS-PAWLEY. (Before Air. C ;T.iRi O'2 Hovmcni.1 I 'ins usnM=pZ was a- bulWder of Holloway and Peckelam. His eccounts sihow --Creditors holdling security, 4.7361. unsecured creditors, L.340!. ;-lproperty mortgaged, 0,0001.; property given up, 1691. This was an examination meeting. Mr. Idnklater appeared for the bankrupt; Mr. Chidley for the assignees; anld MYr. Norton for creditors. The bankrupt, examined, said that a debt of 6991. owing to his estate byMr. Richard Gledges had been put down as bad, Mr. Aldes having said that be could not pa the amoornt, and that he should be obliged to go through the court. His Hoxouas orderedl an adjoir =ient for some amendmeats to be made in the balancee-seet. 5.5 BE WVJLWI.M rAYNER. The bankrupt was the proprietor of the Brunswick Hotel, Jes-myn-street, St. Jameds.s The statement of his affairs by r. Gover exends from January 1, 1854, to February 7, IM an conainsthe following items :-Capital, January 1, 1854, 5,5571.; uscrdceios 5,2351.; creditors lioldin8 securities, 17,0291.; furniture and fixtures, 1L0671.; securities with creditors 20,8001. ; losses, 4,000!., including 1,4421. by lease of Brunswick-Hotel ; 7121. on quartz crushing raachines ; 3001. by bill on MSonte, and 1,5961. by farniture and fixtures Mnr Morley Atkinson, of the Bnurlngton Hotel, as one of the secured creditors, is the holder of a mnortgage for 15,0001. on the Parthenon Clubhouse, 61 years unexpired, at a proundrent from the Crownu of 1201. per annum. The club is now let at 1,000!. per annum;buit 2n 1881the rent wfllbel1.5451. per annum. The value of the leas for the 61 years is estimaated at 20,000!. This was the certificate mneeting. Mr. Lw.ewAuxcE said the aL signees were desirous that the bankrupt should receive'a first-class certificate. There had been losses by the war and the high p rce of prviios whbich mnight be considered as unavoidabe. His Hox;oun said the business of an hotelkeeper was one of ready money. Here there were debts for goods supplied in 1854 and 1855. The bankrupt had traded too Ion-, and the case could be rega-rded as onl partly one of unavoidbl d.oss and misfortuine. The certifiate must therefore be of the second class. IN RLE 1EESY F. NORTON. iThe bankrup was a brushnmaker, of No. 1, York-street, St. Jzns(I's. His1 debts were 8,0001., and in April last his certificate was refused. There was subsequently a meet'n -of creditors, when it was sought to effect a comaposition an annul the bankruptcy, Under the 230th section 'of the Bankruptcy Consolidation Act it is necessary that 9-l0ths of th creditors present at such meeting shall consent to the lan]irupt7s proposal. Two creditors only were present, and they were held tCo be the 9-10ths as required by statute. This was the second meeting, with a view to carry. the 2 HoouR aidthat by the refusal of certificate all the debts of the bankrupt became payable, in full, and the Court could not consent to the bankruptcy being annulled unless every creditor consented to the c-omposition of 4s. in the pound, now offered by the friends of the bankrupt. (Before Mi- Comssss,jner PoSB-LASrqu) SN RE LYON SAMUEL. The bankrupt is aswell-known jeweller. Mr. STRGEON? made an application with aview t-o obtan his release from prison. Mr. Norton opposed. His HNotum said this was the third bank-ruptcy, and the case h-ad already been before three commissioners. He inaist decline to interfere.
.NSOL VENT DEBTOS COURT, Jul_y 8. L RE ROBERT CHAMlERTAK. I MBefofe Mfr. . * .ius susoLvene vwas a ucensed victualer webo was opposed upon the ground of an undue preference to a Mr. Chambers, to whom he had assigned some property. The learned CommissioqxsEz held the complaint to be established, and ordered the insolvent to he discharged after the lapse of six months from the vesting order. IN ItE ELLEN MALDOON, OTHEt\VE ELLMN FRENCH. This insolyent, a single woman, or,as she descrbed herself during the progress of the case, " agay lady," was opposedby two creditors named Salason and Hayman. The first-named was a milliner in Conduit-street, who claimed 3401. for goods snpplied between December, 1852, and September, 1853, including three dresses, at 351. each, in the course of one month. He said the insolvent was introduced by a lady called Mrs. Vernon, whom he knew to derive an income from peculiar sources, bnt he did not at the time know that the insolvent pursued a similar nmode of livelihood. Mtr. EIannan was a creditor for 701. for drapery "oods supplied in 1852. He stated that he thought the insolvent was a respectable married lady, inhabiting, as she did, a handsome house in Lowndes-street, Bel_gavia, and she had paid him two previous accounts, amounting together to 150!. The present debt consisted of two portions, one of 371., wlhich lwas suppllied to the insolvent in ignorance of her real character- and the remainder, 33!., was for mourning supplied after he (Afr. Eaynan) became aware of the fact of her being under the protection of a Mr. Rolt. The insolvent declaTed that Madame lialason, vith whom she had dealt,knewfull well the sou-ces whence sheexpected to derive payment. M r. Ilayman had supplied the last goods as mourning for the death of Mr. Rolt's brother, and ad applied for payment to that gentleman. In 1851 she had furniture, plate, and jewels of the value of 3,OOO. which had all smce been disposed of at an enonnous sacrfice. She had brought an action against Mr. Roltto recover payment of moneys paid on his account, but had not yet succeeded in obtainin a verdict. From 1849 to 1851 she was in receipt of an allowance of 1,20. per annum, but at present it was only about 450!. a-year. The learned C-oinsssoumn thought, with regard to Mr. Salason, he must have been aware of the mode by which alone the insolvent could expect to pay for his goods, and, having chosen to rely upon those sources, could not now complain of her immorality; and the insolvent appeared really to have had reasonable expectation of being able to pay at the time she contracted the debt. With regard to r.lIayman, he had reled for payment of one rti of his debt upon the resources of IIr. Rolt; and witr respect to the other, he appeared to have given credit upon the faith of his previous dealngs with the insolvent, who had duly paid hnm on former occasions. The insolvent was therefore eLtitled to a discharge forthwfith.
CEN2TRAL CRTMINIAL COURT, JuZy S. OLD COURT. (lffeJoe,C th- RECORDER.) Yr. BODD=, as counsel for the prosecuton in the indictmernt against Alr. Charles Snap, one of the medical officers of the SurreyCountyLimatic Asylum,for having caused the des.th of one of the inmates of the asylum hy improper treatmeant, applied to the Court to allow the recogniaances of the witnesses for the prosecution to he respited to the nextsession. He szid that, although tbe defendant was commilted to tide his trial at the present session, he had been admitted to bail, and it was undertod on both sides that there would not he sufficient time to prepare the case for tepresent sssions, and it would be a saving of considerableexpenseif thewitnesses were at once discharged from frrther attendance. Mr. iPOLAN?D said he was requested by Mr. Clarkson, who was retained for the defence, to consent to the application. The trial was consequently postponed, and the recognizances of the witnesses were enlarged to the next session. Mr. RomsEson made an application to the Court in reference to the case of the two Americans who had been convicted on the previous day of stealing a large sum of money from the bedroom of a gentleman named Sandiland, who-zs styimg at the Great Xorthprn Hotel. The iearnmed ounrel said thxt Mr. Sandilaud had incurred very consideral expense in getting up the case, and, indeed, under ordinary circumstances, in all probalility the priBoners zwould have escaped altogether, from ihe difficulty end expense that were necessarilv required in obtaining the requisihe evidence. A portion f this expense he could not bne reimbursed according to the riles regulating the allowance of coasU in this court, but a omnsiderable sum of money was found in the possession of one of the prisoners;and also some valuable rings, and his upplication was that this rmoney and the jewelry also should bl handed over to the 'prosecutor. The RECORDER sEa that, so far as the money,s concerned, as he hud no doubt that it was the proceeds of the robbety, he should certainly order it to be restored to the proseutor; but he had a difficulty with Iegard to the jewelry. Mr. iOBlnuSOT sAid thattheprosscutor was robbed of notes to the amount of 56r1., and the value of the money found in the prisoners possession wag only 535. He hrd been put to very great expense in the prosecution, and he was. at least entitled to get his money back. The rings were proved to liaeysbeen purchased with a portioii of the stolen notes, and therefore he submitted that they osught to he made available for the deficiency in the amount to whichthe prosecutorwas entitled. The RECORDER said he did not think he should he juasti fled in making an order for the restitution of the rings, bht he would conmider the matter during the session. nenry Stevens, 4G, pleaded " Guilty to an indictment which charged him with stealing several rings and other articles of jewelry, value 60&., the property of Thomas Cockayne ; and the indictment albo charged the prisoner with using personal violence to th.e prosecutor at the time of the robbery Mr. COOPER, who appeared for 1lhe prosecution, said that the circumstances under which the offence was committed were of a very unusual and aggravated character. The prose. cuter was a jeweller in Mark-lanvs and about 5 o'clock in the evening of the day named in the indictment the prisoner and another mant went into his shop and he was seizei by one of them, while the other proceeded to ransack the cases of jewelry that were in the shop. A severe struggle took place between the prosecutor ; he pri- soe' comnpanion, during which th 2omr e~ seriously i8nured, and, in fact5 neuzrly strangied. Tho prisoner end his companion then Irnn out of the shiop, and in all probability both would hiave made their escaps if a man nm.ned Joseph Williams, who happened to. be accidetall pasingat te tme, ad nt sizedtheprisonler, and, after a very violent struggle, succeeded in securing him, and he wasthenfound tohaebetween601 and 704 wborth pof eemlry that adeenrstoleln frtom Ithe prosecutor's shopinhs pssesion Th lernedconed hensaid he was instructed to ask the Court to e xercise the power vested init of iving a rteward to tOhe man {Wiliams h heEatd uffn- ande BEobting terestitnut,ridon otf theT property hekhad stolen. hle was informed that he had boen before convicted of burglay adtat he wats well-known asthe associate of thieves-and bad characters. The prosecutor, in answer to questions put by the COURT, said that wben the two men came inito his shop they asked for some sr,et studs, and the moment he turned round to panion ofnthe prisoneendr,oanhedlptbhe latltfetr ohned the glass stugled as hard as he could with the man who held him, and is throat was hurt so much that he could not eat for two days. The RECORDER, in passing sentence, observed upon the very audacious character of the robbery that had been committed by the prisoner, and he said that under the circumstances he should be neglecting his duty if lhe did not pass a severe sentence, and le ordered the prisoner to be transported for 14 years. The RECORDERP then directed that. a rewardl of 51. shouldi be given to the man Williams, whowe conduct in the transaction, hesaid, did him great credit. John Wilson, 29, and William Gleorge Wilson, 33, two reslec4able-looking men, described as drapers, were charged wit feloniously receiving a quantity of ribanid, the pro. peatyof John Hutchens. knowing it to have been stolen. Ir.Sleigh and Mr. Poland cond ucted the prosecution;Serjeant Ballantine was specially retained, with Mr. Metcalfe. to defend John Wilson; and Mr. Ribton was counsel for t'he other prisoner. The prosecutor in this case was a silk wars-houseman in Wood-street, Cheapside, and it appeared that on th Se st of Way, which was a Saturday, he left the premnises all safe, and on coing there on the following Monday morning he discvere they had been broken into in the interval, and tbatproperty, consisting oDf silks, 7ibands, &c., to the amount of 6001., had been stolen. TIhe prisoner John Wilson, it ap. peared, kept a small draper's shop in Clare-street, Glarep marLet, and the other jprisoner, who is his brother, kept a similar establishment i Beech-stret, Barbican, and the case on the part of the prosecutionwas that about three w.eeks after the robbery had been committed they had at each of their shons a counsderable qpuantity of the riband that had bee stolen, and whicbhthey were seling at 6n per yard. it being p roved that the cost price tote manufacturer -would be 1Oa. per yard, andl that the ordinrym pric at which such an article would be sold was fro s d to Is. 6d. per yard. Italso appeared that they declinedl to state from whom they had purchased the riband or how it camne into their possession; but, on the other hand, it was admitted that there was no secrecy whatever attemperd in the transaction, and that both the 'prisoners rendered every facility to the officer.; and at once readily, producedl the whole of the ribands, itating that it was a job lo t they had purchased. At the close of the cae for the prosecution, The REcORDERi said it appeared to him that, although there were facts for thaeconsideration of the jury, yet that the evidence wras very slight to support the charge of feloniouslyreceiving the property, and. upon this intimation from the Court both the learned counsel for the prisoners declined to address the jury. The RECOiRDER having briefly explained the nature of the charge to the jury, they deliberated for a short timo, and then one of them said that they should like to have had some evidene as to how the prisonErs became possessed of Th ECRE said if they could not mnake up their minds they had better hear the ounLsel for the prisoners. Mr. Serjeant BALLANTINE then .sldressed the jury, andI said that as he gathered from whai; had fallen from one of the juryinen. that theiy were anxious theprsns sho-uld giv sonfie evi,dence in answer to thatwhich hdbe adducved u behalf of the prosecution, he felt it his duty to tell them that the law did not requtire a prisoner to take any suchi course, and thbat it was 1;he duty of the prosecution to mak-e out affirmatively the case they presented to, a jury. The question in the case was whether at the time this property came into the Doszession of the prisoners they knew that it was stolen, and if that were not miade out to t-heir satisfaction, beyond any reasonable doubt, they were bound to return a verdict of " Not guilty." He then referred to the facts of the case, and to the absence of any concealnient on the part of thel prisoners, and he observed it was notorious that job lets, as they were termed, of this description of goods, were being constantly sold, much under their value, by persons who 'were embarrassed and desired, to raise money, and he contended that there was nothing whatever in the transac. tion to show that either of the prisoneras at the time they purchased the property had the slightest idea that it was stolen. Mr. RInvoN also addressed the jur', andl a numnber of witnesses, many of whom were connected with some of the -most respectable firms in the city of London, were called to st eak to the character of the prisoners, and they described t em as heing highly honioura le and respectable men in all their business tr-ansactions. The jurv then again deliberated,.acid ultimately r-etired to considler their verdict. They were absent about hall-auhouLr, when they returned into couirt and found both prisoners .AVot Guiilty. Oscar Kingston and Benjaminl Allen Howard, the two American hotel robbers, who were convicted on Monday of the robbery at the GPreat 'LTortliemr Hotel, were brought up for judgment, and sentenced to five years' penal servitude. ANjb% CWUXI'. ~(Before the Coimnox SRtE-aS'rLN.) Alfred Jackson, 21, cabinetmaker, and William Hears Fowler, 2-5, dyer, were indicted for a burglary in the house of Wil1iam. Cook-, and stealing 1301b. of silk, valued at 160O. Mr. Payne prosecuted, and Mr. .r. P. Doyle defended Fowler. The prosecutor lives in Banner-rtreet, St. Luke's, and upon the Cith of June his warehouse was broken open, and the property stolen. Upon that morning the two prisoners. hiredl a cab, into which they puit the oroperty, and drove to Bethnal.green, where the cab was stopped with the property in it. Prisoners rode upon the box with the cabman, and uponthe ab bingstoped te poicetook, Jac'kson into custoy, hu Fower go away andwas not talken iuntil s wvrl asferwards. the were each sentenced to 12 months simprisroSnm2enIt.y hy eeec
I |MIDDL,ESEX SESSION,% Tuesday, July S. (Before Mr. PASULEY, Q.O., Aasisnt-Judge.) Mary Ann Smith, 22, was indicted for having aided a man. not in custody in stealing a watch from the person of Susan Ash. Mr. Lang.ford was counsel for thoprosecntion; Mr. Horry for the prisoner. The robbery in which the prisoner vas concerned was one of a very imindent nature. The prosecutrix was the wife of a tailor, carrymng on business in Exmouth-street, Clerk-enwell, and she stated that on the evening of the 21st of June theprisoner and a man entered the sbop, and the man asked to be shown some black trousers. There were none in stock-, and he then asked to see some waistcoats. He tried two on, but he found fault with them, and the prisoner then remarked that there was one wiade of alpaca in the window, which she thought v.ould suit. Some observation of the prisoner's induced her to look ait her watch to ascertain the time, and the prisoner then went outside to point out the waistcoat, and the prosecutri r got on the shopboard to see which it was. The man then put his hand to the pocUet in which she had placed the watch, and ran off. She jumped down, and, having found thFt her watch was gone, went in pursuit and overtook the prisoner. The man got clear off. The watch was worth ]2. The jury found the prisoner Guilty, and, two former convictions being proved against her, The ASSISTANT-JUDG-E sentenced her to four years' penal servitude. Anthony Saunders, 32, labourer, was indicted on 3Monday for stealing eight sewer gratings, the properly of tho vestry of the parish of St. Paneras. .*Mr. MELCAraE appeared for the prosecution, instructed by the vestry clerk, and in opmning the case sibil that the offence charged against i:he prisoner was not of an ordinary nature, and the o:urse of plunder he had pursued was one which involved the most serious consequences to the public, inasmuch as he and another man' had been in thie habit of going about at night removing the sewer gratings from tbe ttaps in the Etreets, thereby endangering the lives and litnb6 of passers-1t. Dominick Healey, police-constab]e 295 S, stated that on the 21st of last month he saw the prisoner and another nsan Fheeling a track in Hampden-street. They went into a leershop, and during their absence he bad the c riosity to see what the truck contained. He fouad nine sewer gratings covered with old bags, and between each grating there wds apiece of carpet to prevent jingling. This exoited his suspicion, and he watched where they Wont to. They went to the Polygon, anudth p-priner's companion 'went onede of Claeudon-street and-down the other, evidently on the look out for sewer gratings. At length they found one near. a publichouse in Chalto.-trtett, mnd the prisoner got a hamier ontof-the truck. The other man got-a key lwith., wvhich he opened the iron flap oier the grating, -a then lifted up the latter. Witness then made his appearance -and-desired to know by what authority they were meddlin'with the gratings, especially -at that time of night, letween 9 and 10 o'clock, and they. said it was a contract job, they were emploved by a MIr. thurat, of John's-mews, . Tttenbam-court-zoad, who had engd them to take up all the sewver gatings in . Indon: At the remunention of 2d. per gratiDg. 'They said they expected to finish the .ontrct that 'week, and had already taken up some thousands, and explained that the reason of their being engaged in removing them at that hour was that they were mnaking overtime to finish the contra The other msn produced a bodk in which he said he made an entry of each grating that wa removed, but their acual authority in writing had been worn out by their having to take it so often from their pockets to show to policemen who had stopped them, and they could not therefore pro. duce it to him. After some further conversation, he ndanother constable.took them in charge, but the other inan Mrn aWay, and the prisoner wished witness to run after him hut he thought fit not to do so, and took him to the station. The prisoner then said he was innocent ; the reaLly gailty man hadgot away. Eight of the nine gratings in the truck were identified as belonging to the arsh of St. Pancras, and fitted places from which gratings had been stolen. The prisoner in his defence, said he 'was employed by the other man, and did not know 'that he ras doinig wrong. The jury found him Guilty. MSr. m[TCALFE said it was right that he should stat that this mode of plunder had been carried on for a con-. siderable period, and to such an extent, he was informned, that in Si Giles's parish there waBs scarcely one of these gratings left. The AswsTssrA JU)Gn senatenced the. prisoner to five months' hard labour. John Dugan, 3,oalwhipper, 'was- indicted for unalawfully. and maliciously assaulting and wounding John Dwyer, also a coalw'hipper. . It appeared that on the 13th of June the prisoner, a' rufdanly-looking fellow, andthe prosecutor met at a publichouse called the Red Lion, at Shadwell; and the prisoner, who -had been drinking,didall he coulcto urovoke a quarrel with him. He called him a thief and a -eturned c&nviut5 the result of which was that blows were resorted to, and in the scuffle the prisoner got hold of the prosecutorsa head and deliberately bit ofLithe end of hisnorse. -He took the piece he had bitten off and threw it upon the ground. Bslood streamed profusely from the wound, and the prisoner went off, but he was subsequently apprehended on information given by the landlord of the publichouse. The prisoner.cid he had received great provocation, and had been driven rnad1 by the-faithlessness of his wife and ill-usage he had received from the police in following her about. The jury found him Guilty. T'he ASSIMUTAS-JUDGmE severely Admonished the prisoner on the cannibal-like ferocity of 1ls conduct, and Eentenoed him to eight months' hard labour. John Simpson, 27, was tried for an assault on William Falconer. The prosecutor was a Scotch seaman, and the prisoner belon'ed to one of the gangs who hang ab,ut the river side topick np the unwary. It appeared that the prisoner fell inD with te prosecutor, whom he endeavoured to induce to make a bet of 5L on a trick about a ring being in a box. The prosecutor came from a part of the Queen's dominions -which rendered it rather improbable that a London sharper would make a dupe of him m such a transaction ; and he told the prisoner that the trick he wanted to perform was to rob him. The prisoner pretended to become highly indig. mant at that assertion, And struck the prosecutor a violent blowand gave him a severe beating. ie Dulled out a knife, wbich, fortunately, however, was no; used. The prisoner was found Guilty. (Before AMr. CEAsy.) - narles Stanley, alies Stnhope, was brought up forjudgmant. He was found puUty at the last session of stealing lead from houses of which he and another person got posaEssionby false pretences and by giving references to each other. He was remanded to allow inquiries to be made as to other transactions in which he might have been engaged. There were several persons now in attendance who stated similar cases against him.. Mdr. CREAsY said it was evident that the prisonerwas a swindler and thief on a wholesale scale, and it was necessary to put a stop to his operations. The sentence was that he oe kept to hard labour for one year. .~~~~~~o on yer
POLICE. MANSIO.N-O1 E,s-George Hutchings, a fellow who is in ihe habit of imposing upon sailors and countrymen by selling to them spurious watches, was charged vith having stolen a real watch. Sergeant Danglisson said,-At about 1 o'clock on Friazy, the 4th inst., the prisoner was brought to the station-house in Bishopsgate, and the officer who had him in custody put into my hands a watch which the prisoner said he had bought, and had in his possession a fortnight Watson, 638, said,-Irkok the prisoner into custodynpon another charge, on Thursday afternoon, in Rose-aley, Bishopsegrte, and found, upon searching him, the watch produced, tvwo sham watches, several rabbishy rings, and other things of no value. MIr. Laacs, of Harrow-allev, jewgller, said,-The vatchproduced is mv property. On the morning of the 3d inst., between 11 and o'cloclc, I was placing some goods in my w, indow, amnong which was this watch. I turned my back a-minute or two, and on looking again-I missed it. I knew nothing of the prisoner. The value of the watch isi 4f. J. IMartin, a watch finisher, said.-I work for 3r. lIsao. I examined the watch produfced and cleaned it, and I I sent it hack to Mr. IsaacsafterlIshaddone it5 on Wednesday afternoon, the 2d of July, at 4 o'clock. I can swear to the watch. It had been in my care about eight das The LonD TOR.-WeL, prisoner, what have you to sav to this accustion? *TheI'risoner.-Oh l then, faith I honestly bought it on Thursday last. As for the other tbhings that were found with me, sure that's the way I get my living. God knows I'm as honest a man as ever was broAght here. The LORD MAT'OR-Why, if you boughtthe watch on Thursday last, did you say that it had been in your pos. session a fortnight? The Prieoner.-Why, benuse I was blind drunk, to be sure. I never knew a man who was blind drank to be carrect in his memory yet. Sergeant Dunglis3n.-hMy Lord, this man is one of the nost notorious duffers in London. He is constantly on the look-out for fla6ts. The Prisoner.-There isn't a more honest or a more innocent man in the country than I am. The LORD M;IYYOR.-How often have you been here? The Prisoner.-Well. I have been here, but that was my misfortune, and not my fault. There is no deception in mne. The goods before your Lordship are the goods I trade The LORD MAYor. -They are al the instiuments of gross imposition, except the watch which was stolen from this gentleman, andtbat I find you in possession of with a perfect knowledge that it had been stolen, and for that offenc I shall send you to hard labour at Holloway for two *The watch was thea restored to Mr. Isaaci, and the prisoner, who blubbered aloud, was committed. Bow-STRERT.-A labouring man, whose name did not transpire, requested the advice of the magistrate in the following dilemma - ais wife was l1ing dead in King,s College Hospital, and the managers of the institution, of course, required the body to be removed. He (applicant) was without the means of burying her, besides which the landlord of the lodging-house where he was liv ing would not allow a corpse to be brought into his place. The wife, before sbe was admitied an inpatient of the hospital, had been residing in-the parish of St. Giles; and consequently he applied to the parochial authorities of that district to bury her; but they declined -to interfere, on the ground that she did not die in their parish. He then made a similar application to the officers of the Strand Union, the parish in which the hospital is situate; but they also refused to bury the deceased, on the ground that she belonged to St. Giles's. Under these cir. cumstances, not knowing what else to do, he had come to the Court for advice, as the case was getting urgent. Mr. JAMDUSE, after observing that these disputes had often arisen before, and ought to be settled by some definitearrangement between the two parishes, sent a messenger for the relieving officer of the Strand Union. Mr. Lockhart, the relieving officer arrived shortlyafterwards, and informed his w orship that he had acted in the matter entirely under the direction of the board of guardiss, who, consiidering it a hard case that the ratepayers o f the parish should be called upon t-o defray the expense of every pauper who died in lRing's College Hospital, wihether the deceased had resided in their district or not, had passed a resolution to the effect that all such applica tions should be refused, except in cases where a cam upon the parish could be established. Mr. JARDL-tm-But that resolution was in direct opposition to the law. Mr. Lockbart submitted that in a case in whicht St. George's Hospital was concerned the judge decided otherwiase. Mr. JARDINm.-That must have been before the passing of the act wbich now makes it imperative upon a parish to bus paupe dying within its hounds. It mnay be unfair acnduct on the part of St. Giles's to reffuse, but the law is against you. Mr. Lockhart zaid he would confer with the Board. MARYLRBaOsE.-Joihn Cole, a nurseryman, living in Hasdington-street, New Churchi-street, Marylebone, was charged, on his own confession, with firing a pistol. loaded with ginpowder and stones, at Emily Luker, with intent to murder her. The poor girl is in such a precarious condition as to render it doubtful if she wial recover. - Mr. Handley attended for the prisoner. The first witness called was a boy named Stephen Robert Long, in the emnploy of Messrs. Coppin and Son, 69, Gracechurch-street. He said,-Between 9 and 10 o'clock last night I had a parcel to deliver from my master at Miss Cays, 9, Howley-place-villas, Paddington. I rang the bell, and a -woman opened the door. 1 gave her the parcel- the prisonerwas standing nearthe garden gate. Just as Igave the parcel to her the prisoner pulltedfrom his breast a pistol, the barrel of which I caught hold of as he was presenting it at the wornan, who is Miss Clay's- servant. He maetched itonuht otf mky hanhd, when I jumnped-a6ide, a nd with Mr. BROUGHToNy-How far was he from her when he did this? Witness.-I should think about three yards. Mr. BROUGHTON._Wbat was the result of the firing? Witness.-The young woman fell. Mr. BROUGRTON.-Did she bleed Witness.-SShe did, Sir; asnd she gave a loud scream. Mr. BBO1GHvTON.-Wbat bec4eof the pieW?- Witnei ss.-I don't know, Sir; the young woman waS carriedy into the house, and I v Sent home. ~By Mr. Handley.-t wxsdar~ at the time I have spken of,, bt still there oas. light enough for me to see what oc curred. - Mr. BROUGHTON t witness).-Had you a clear viewr of thie p riner I Witess.-I dillii not se his face clearly, iut he had o the coat which he now wear Sergeant Ma*ckceril, 49 A.-At 25 minutse to 10 I heard A knock at the stition-house door, and I told a constable to open it the did so, and the prisoner presented hi. mlf ing, "Ihave come to give myself up aS & prioner. L ,howved me a pistol, and said, "I have shot someb*dy. I have comittedtraurderl' illams, a constbl% selasi the pistol, and tock it from hins, and br mly directin he I (the prisoner) wa conveyed to the station. * Mr. BsiouGsirON.-Waa theprisoner drank or sober? Witness.-r don't think he wsa drunk. Mr. BO.UGHTO1.-What more bave you to sate ? - Witness.-The prisoner aid, "I think I have kiled some one, for when I fired the pistol I szaw them drap. I then came away2' I asked him if it Was a man or a woman whomhe had thot, and he said itwas a womn; herne was Emily L-aker, and that abe lived at 9, Howley-plasevills HEe (prisoner) told me that he had tried it (the listol) three times yesterday, and that he had toldher before that he woula do for her. I rent Sergeant Haxeltine to the house tosee if any woman had been injured there, aLnd n his return le told me that a woman was in a mort dangerous state. By Mr. Handley.-I am quite ure tba't the prisoner aid he intended to do for her. Williams, 141 D, produced a horse pistol, and msid,-I took it.-fron the prisoner last night at the .rtation-hause, Paddington.green. The barrel of itwas warm and smelt of paowder, from whis.I concluded that it had been very recently discharged. *Mfr. Bsotusnioy.-Did you hear theprisoner say anDything be.fore or at the time the pistol ws taken fromn him? 19ituess.-I did; Is.ked hims wht he wanted,and be said, ' I hare taken life." Mr. Baou&uON.-HaS the prisoner been seached? Witness.-He was, Sir; and I found in his possession a canister, containing gunpowder; also a number of pebbles and some percussion-caps. I found upon him letters, some ! of which mwere vwitten by hini (the prisoner), and the others by the young woman. 6They were produced and handed to the magistrate. The contents were of a natur which-went to show that there had been a misunderstanding and a quarrel between them, -nd that jealousy wss the o - of itas was supposed.) I also found on him two i one the Gcntlemann'sLcuer Writer, and the other the Leadys Ltdcr Wrier. Mr. BROUGISTON, having made a remark i lrespect tothe powder being found on the prisoner, The -witaess.said that the prisoner told him be had put ar rusny stones into the pistol as would kill three persoiss. Tbe evidence of two surgeons was gone into, and it was shown that the unfortunate woman was in such a condition at present as to render it imnoesible for them to say if fatal consequences might not ensue. The right eye was completely destroyed, and the left eve was also closed sp, from the effects of the gunpowder. So serious were the injuries that it -was necessry to re- I move her immediate'y after having been attended by the surgeons to St. Iarys Iospital From the expecation that she would not recover, Mr. Broughton was called up at 1 o'clock to So to the institution for the pmrpOSd of tadng the evidence of the woman. The follo - g is the purport of her statement :-" About half-past 9 o'clockthoprevous night I was at the garden-gate. Ihsae knownOCole nine months, and lept companywith hin. In Aprillastheoffered tomnarry me. Iwent tothegatein consequence of heaming the bell ring. When I got there I aw Cole. He fired at me, and I fel. I have no recollection of what was6ed afterwards. I cannot be deceived, for I hearCole's voice at tLe foot of the bed." (Cole, -who was present, had been taken to the hospital by the police.) Eight or nine weeks agItold himIshould liketo givehio up; as I thought I could not be happy with him. In-one of the letterswhichCole has writtentomehetold metoremember Bates, who had been tried at Southampton and convicted of murder." The prisoner, on beinsg aked what he had to say, replied"I am very sorry, and it is all her own fault. She has ruined mv mind completely. I had askedher foranhonourable lettei. I wished to speak to her as a friend, but abe prevented me. She has allowed people to trample me under their feet." (This statement was evidently made under verv excited feelings.) Mr. BERourITON said,-Ishall oomiuit you on the capital charge of shooting with intent to murder, and I cau have no doubt that you had that intention. You will he brought up on Tuesday next. WoRsas -sTRsEr.-Henry Orliff was chaigedawith the following outrage. A I married woman named Waite, whose face ws shockingly swollen and bruised, stated that after w'aiting up for her husband till a very late hour on the night of Friday last she at length became apprehensive about him, and, after searching for him in vain for some time, ultimately discovered him in one of the " night-houses," thoroughly intoxicated, and in the company of several drunken companions, among whom Ws the prisoner. She persuaded er husband, after ,great difficulty, to leave the house with her, and was leadng him along with one arm, when the prisoner came out, followed them, jeered her husband for his want of spirit in allowing himself to be taken away by a woman, and, seizing hizm by the other arm, attempted to drag him away from her. She remonstrated with the prisoner upon his unfeeling conduct, and entreated him to go away, upon which the prisoner assailed her with dLgusting epithets, and, exclaiming with an oath that he -Zold teach her hushand the best way of managing her, immediately strucl her such a violent blow between the eyes that she dropped to the ground. She contrived to scramble on to her feet, but wsz again struck down by theprisoner, who as soon as she bad fallen commenced kricking her in the most brutal manner upon the head and body, until a constable at last made his appearance and rescued her from further violence. She was so seriously iniured, however, thatr she was conveyed to the London Hospital, of -which she had since been a patient, and, besides the external indications of violence she exhibited upon her face and head, she had lilewise su3tained so severe an injury in the side that she was still suffering acately from it. Creasy, a constable of the H division, deposed to his attention being attracted by loud cries of "wMurder" from the complainant, whom he saw knocked down and kijikel with ferocity by the prisoner before he had time to get no and protect her; and Sims, another officer, not only oon- fimed this evidence, but added, that while proceeding to the shation the prisoner reviled the woman in the coarsest lauguage, and declared, if she ventured to lock him up, that he would stab her to the heart as soon as he got When calledupon for his defence thno prisoner positively denied having strack the complainant at All, and attributed the injuries she had sustained to the violence of her own husband; but Mir. D'Ev-ycounr characterized it as one of the most scandalous outrages he had ever had to deal with, and sentenced the prisoner to undergo the full term of six montha' hard labour in the House of Correction, and at the expiration of that to put in substantial sureties for his peaceable behaviour for a further term of lke duration. SOUT1rVAs.-MIfary White, a swarthy-looking woman belonging to the Gipsy tribF., was charged with uttering a forged 5?. Bank of England note to John Sanders, assistant to mr. Be'l, clothier, Church-street, Southwark, and 1oundsditch. Mr. Chipperfield attended on behalf of the prisoner. Mr. Sanders said he managed Mr. Bells business in Church-street, and in the early part of last month the prisoner and her husband called, and the latter selected a piece of cloth, and was measured for a pair of breeches and gaiters, which were to be madefor him. Tney then quitted the shop, and on the 21st the prisoner called for the clothes and banded him a 5l.-note in payment, which he changed for her, and put her name and address on it. The note in question was paid into the Bank in the usual way, and returned from the Bank of England marked "Forgery." 'Witness saw nothing more of her until Monday, when ;he and her husband called at the shop with the clothes, requesting the money to be returned, as they were not made according to order. He at once charged her with utteriug a forged 5t.-note to him, when she said that she certainly did ive him a 5&-note in pasment for the clothes, but she beieNred it to be a genuine one. Witness told her it was a forgery, and that he should give her into custody, and he then went with her until he met a constable, when he gave her in charge, and she was taken to thestation-house. The forged 5l.-note now produced he identified as the one he received from heron the 21st of June. In cross-examination, witness said that when he told the prisoner she had uttered to him a forged note she seemed verymuch surprised, but she did net attempt to get away, wie be'ueved she gave her yroper name-and ad-ress, and abe niightnot have known at was a forge. Mr. A'BECKET asked wvhat account the prisoner had to give of the note 9 Mr. Chipperfield repliedl that-he was instruceted to say that she took it at Hamnpton races from Bishop Stevens, a son of old Gipsy Stevens, for money advanced to him, and no doubvt in the course of a few days she would be able to find him. Mr. A'BEcsE?r said, that if such were the case she must be remanded. tr. Chipperfield asked his worship to accept bail for her appeuarace, as he should he able to showv that she did not. koe V the note to be a forgery. MT. A'Bxcs.xruaccepted bail, and she was liberated until Thursday.__ ____
jAdvertisement.j-Day and Son's Gallery of Tac-simile Pantingc, by eminent living Mastere.-Enconraged by theaprobA, tion accorded to the many imitation drawings latelypubM%hed, and feelingthattheproeessis capablemo far higher results. Meeers Day. arud So, litbographersto the (ueen. desirons of carning the chromo. lithograple art to its utmost limits, have resolved upon issung, fom. tirce to time, perfect far-snilme3 of well aslected e=mples of the beet living masters It is intended 'hat the chromo-lthogmraphic f&omimiles 6halt be of a size, anu, possesead of power of colour siutable for iraming as pictumes iaallya are framed. and from the great care. ilabour and expense that will be incurr-ed in the production of each examp5e, the resemblance to the originals will, ia the most minute particulars, be so perfect as to decive. niot alone the uninitiated eye. but thoee of the amateur and the artist. Thus, then, all lovers of art in it own caloue" ill atasmnaUcost, beenabledtohbagupon their walla (and gradually form picture galleries] counterosrie oE wvorks that,have costsumsvaryvingfront100 to 1,000guineas Thefollowiag paintings are now readv :-Louis Haghe. "The Happy Trio., size, tX 2 -: oun a mount, 3a + 3. price. ;63 s.. or proofs, 16 6aW. V. Y.ith, Rl.A.. *-Dolly Varden," oratl s1zk 12i X 14*; on a mount, 22 x 30: price, 1e Is., or proofs. "22s,-J.Sant, "laviiv" oval size, 16} x 19i on a- mount, 22 x 3-; picm, t Is., or proofs. 2 2s. The foUlowing among-others are preparing:-P. F. Poole. A.R.A. - The Eugged Path," 5ize. i9~lS: +on a mount5 27 X 35: price, 2 ha, or proofs, 4 4s.-Louss Hagho, from a deasing painted for the Queen, and Hler Ma]esWs' property, "The Osoliessaton ol heriloyal Hlighness the Prncess Royal," size, li X 8 ;-on a mount 22 X 50: price, t lr.., or proofs, L Is. The- ihole ol the above sub~ecis rendered in fatmile oy Mr. a. Ri5doss Dfla and Sion. tboraperr tothcQueen, 6, Gate-street. Intcolu's-inn,felds. [A'dvertisement.J-" The Green Hand;`" or, Adventures of a Naval Uieutenant., eioe lI. 6d., is as true a picture of r insl lift as either "Torm Cringes log" or "The Cruise of the Midge." It im the new volume of the Railway Lbrayy, on which series are now ,iJsAed, prim 1&. 6d. each. MSarnat?s "Peter Simple." "ing's Own," EXisshinDmauEssy;" laswevellis "Stories of Waterloo," "Old Oon. mnodore. *-Rattliu the Reefer" Mrs. Gor'3 *-Self"" Heir of 5et 'WoOd," "Dos n.r "Pin Nosey" ItulIwes' "Perar."? "vEugne bu,"Last Dy5 of Tompetr,u"Iienzi, asl well as 118 Tolumeg, An suitable allkelorrad -r brno e reading. Lists wvi be seat OQ~ eiration. The nwe volume will he 4'Axbux 0'Leas.v" by' -Viusig i.ever. author of " Charles O'Maley, &c,-London, Geoige iRoutledge arA (lo., Paeningdou-treet. nc -
SEVThE GAL-s AT LiYEnOOL.-LVMPLPOOL, July 8. - Last night it blew heavily from W.N.W. to N.N. W., accompanied by s terrible storn of rain. Xany smal cr aft. have beam driven on to the banaks, and several large vessels have shared the same fate; but only one instance of loss of life has been reported. The Typhoon, for Bombay, waa driven ashore on East Hoyle, where she remains. A large eisel is at anchor outside the North-west Lightship.) witl silnals of distress flying. The Africa, from Bombay" hoisted signals off East Eloyle, and the steanatue Fury proceeded to her assistance. Although her saila were split she was not in distrasr, the signal being for a tjto take off the passer4gers. They were broht to Livespool in safety. The Horning Light, whiZh ft on Sunday with the mails fcr MIelbourne, was lef't this morning 40 miles belowv Holyhead, going at the rate of 15 kotg alnhour. She and all Dther outward-bound veuels which hsd rounded Bolyhead would be sal rigat with a fair wind. Ihe schooner Acton, of Workington, is dn shore in Church Bay, captain washed overboard. A large vessel, name no" ascertained, was seen riding in Carnarvon B^ay with onlr maizenmast standing. The Nadv Brigade, fromr Qebhec, and Isuac Webb, fu:r New York, raported this mooning to be on a bank off Bnnnswick-dock, have been got off A large outward-bound hLrk-from Liverpool ashore off Belfast. [Advertisement.]-" Vanities of the Day," illnaLrated b; les.-Thenew noyeL entitled "'meMa zu tieWorW'orYanitis o0 th.e tV.1 br a W. Thullorn author of * The Groatf-14b-w," is rw seaay at alJ the libraries. in 3 ToIs with the following ieiesratioa u ,teel, byrJeha L*eeh:-WaddiogE Faoro-the Pz.nr'a OCdl-1oje the TIh Horh-Hn.aur and Wlfe-ee5m by Moonhlgbh-the -Wtei Aparaee-Murder will out. ulares J. Ihmt, J12w 9Mtliam ect, tarig-reu-
.From t.iZO.iVDON GAZETTEof Tuesday, .JulyT& Th;STER OR Tr. T1- T T-' I The Queen has been gradiously pleased to appoinlt the EOLn. Wl1liam Illick 0 Connor Cuffe' (commonly called Viscount Castle Cuffe) to be Page of Honour to Her ILjesty, vice Cameron. The Lords ComTmisioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, Tsain- certified to +he Commissioners for the reduction of the National Debt, that there nwas no surplus of actal revenme over the actual expenditure of the united, kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the year ended the hint day of March, 1856 - The Commisiioners for the reduction of the National Debt hereby give notice that no sum will be applied by them on account of the Sinling Fund, under the provisicns of the act 10th of George IV., chap. 27, between the lst day of July, 1856, and the 30th day of September, 1856. A: Y. SPEAREA;T, Controller-GeneraL National Debt-office, July 5. WHITEHALL, JtuY 2. The Queen has been pleased to grant unto George Digoby VWingfield, of Sherbourne Castle, in the county of Dor,st, Esq., eldest son and heir apparent of William Baker (heretofore William WingfLeld), of Orsett-hall, in the oounty of Essex, and of Eaton-square, in the county of Niddlesex, Esq., one of Her Majesty's Counsel, and late one of the Mnsters in Ordinary m the High Court of Chancery, by the Lady Charlotte Maria, his first wife, only daughter of whom there is issue roenaining of Henry, Earl of Digby, Viscount Coleshill, and Baron Digby, deceased, and sister of Edward, Earl of Digby, Viscount Colesbill, and Baron Digby, also deceased, her Majeity's Royal litense and authority that he m1ay, i compliance with a condition contained in the labt will and testament of his late maternal uncie, the said Edward, Earl of Digby, assume and take the surname of Digby, in addition to, and after that of, Wingfield, and also to bear the arms of Digby, and that such surname of Digby and the arms of Digby may, in Mlke manner, be taken, used, and borne by his issue; such arms being first duly exemplified according to the laws of arms, and recorded in the Herald's office, otherwise the said licence and permission to be void and of none effect; And also to command that the said concession and declaration be registered in Her Majesty's Co}lege of Arms. M&Y 3. TheRight Hon. Sir John Jervis, Knight, Lord Chief Justice of Her Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at West. sninster, has appointed Charles Pidcock, of the city of Worcester, gentleman, tobeone of the PerpetualCommissionersfor taking the asanowledgent of deeds to be executed by narri.edl wromen, under the act passed for the abolition of fines and recoveries, and for the substitution of more simple anodes of assurance, in and for the city of WVorcester, also in and for the county of Worcester. Tnis Gazette contains an announcement from the Board c f Trade that a despatch has been received from the British Ambassador at Paris enclosing a copy of a French Imperial decree re"ulating the duties upon the importation of sugars from the rench colonies. The Gazette also states that a despatch has been reeeiyed from the British Consul at Malaga, reporting that3qnarantino of three days will be imposed on anl vessels arriving at that port from Gibraltar, Marseilles, and Genoa. Her Majesty's Consul at Malaga slso reports that all vessels arriving from ports in the united kingdom wrill be subjected to a quarantine of three days, sinless provided, in addition to the ordmnary bill of health, wth a certificate from the Spanish Consul at the port of departure, declaring that all due sanitary precautions are enioreed at such port. WAR DEPARTMENT, PALL-MALL, JuLY S. GENERAL ORDER. The Fieldl-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief has much gratific:tion in publishing to the army the commands of the Queen for the promotilon of the following officers, for their distinguished services during the late war, namely:- Iieut.-General Sir John Burgoyne, Bart., G.C.B., of the Royal Engineers, to be promoted to the rank of General, the commission to bear date September 5, 1855. Major-General Sir Richard England, G.C.B, and Major. General Sir Colin Campbell, G.C.B., to be Lieut.-Generals, their commission,s to bear date June 4, 1856. By command of the Right Hon. Field-Marshal VISCOUNT hNARDNGE, Commanding-in-Chief. G. A. WETHERALL, Adjutant-General. BREVET. Iieut.-General Sir John Burgoyne, Bart., G.C.B., of the 31oyal Engineers, to be General. To be LIEuTPAExT-GExERAI& Major-General Sir Richard England, G.C.B. Major-General Sir Colin Campbell, G.C.B. WAR DEPARTMENT, PALL-MrALL, JuL-L S. 46hRegiment of Dragoon Guards.-Cormet Henry Thomas Richardtonhas been permitted to resign his commission. IstDnr2 ors.-Rchrdlteynolds Peyton. gent., to be Coimet, by aurehase, vice Johzson, who retire Cren3dier Regiment of Foot Guards.-Capt. sad Lieut.-Col. and 3Brevet-CoL the Hon. Augu,tus Fredesirk Foley to be Major, without purchase, vice 31ajor erd Brevet-CoL James Robertson Craufurd, promoted to be M1ajor-Genera]. 2d Regiment of Foot -Gentleman Cadet Francis Roach Gubbins. fom the Royal Mfilitary Coliege. to be Ensign, without purchase (Supernumerary to the Establishment). 5thFoot.-Gentleman Cadet Edward Hoare, from the Royal M1ilitary College, to be Ensign, without purchase ISupernumerary to the Establisin,net). 6th Foot.-Lieut. Charles Whyte, from the Xorth Down Militia, to be Ensign, without Purchase lSuperaumewry to the Establ5lshment). Sth Foot.-Lieut, Robert Bradshaw Moorhead, from thc lNorth Dewn Militiat to be Ensign, without purchase (Supernumerary to the Establishen). 10th Foot-Lieut. John BaDl, fromu the Donegal Militia, to be Esign, without purchase (Supernumerary to the Establishment). 11th Foot.-Gentleman Cadet John Anthony Miers, from the Royal Military College. to be Ensign, without purchase (Supernumerary ta the Establishment). 12th Foot.-Thst-Fieut. Reuben Frederick 'Magor, from the Cornwall Militia Artillery, to be Ensign, without pmrchase (Supernumerary to lheIstablishment. 1lthFoot-Gentleman Cadet Charles Edmund Layard, from the RoyailitWar College,to bh Ensign, withoutpurchase (Supernumerary zo the Establishmeull. 16th Foot.-Lieut. James Brabazon, from the Loath Militi, to be Ensig,-without purchase (supernumerary to tho estabUishment). 22dFoot.-Capt. David Anderson to be Major, by purchase, vice R3revet Lieut.-CoL Thackvwell who retires upon half-pay unattached; Capt. Traevr Goff. from 4Sth Foot, to be Capt.. vice Sta3ck, wrho exchasoges ietut. Laurence N. D. wlameond to be Capt., by ptrchase, vice Anderson: Ensign Thomas Smith Robin to he Liext.. by pursh3se, vice Ham Jond o James St. GeorboeAmstronom gent., to be Flntgn, by psurehaso, vice Robin; Gentleman Cadet Hferbert(;harles Patton, from the Royal Mlitary College, to be Ensign, without purchase (sulperneenerary to the estabtlshment). 23dt Foot.-Lieut. Frderick Wiliam Jebb to be Capt.e wiithout ourthOse, vice Drewe, whose brevet rankc baa been cenverted into subean lire rank under the Royal wSarrant oE the 6th of October, 1St; for ''Capt. S. Fall-iner, from half-pay, unattached, to be Cant., vice l}'atton, wvho exchangiis" wyhich appeared mn teb e azette" of the 29th cCJune, 1l555 read, ' * vi* ce Trittkn, appoinxted to a. depdt 24th Foot.-Ensign John Johnstone, from t.he ad tanar Milites, to le Ensign, without purchase (Supernumerary to the Estahtishsenta) 55th Foot.-Lieut. John Stubb3, from the Shropahire Militia, to he Enign, without purchase )SupSrnumerary to the Establishment.) 26th Foot.-Ensign George Philip Farokes from the 4th Middlesex htsa, to be Ensign, without purchase (Supernumerary tothe Establisment. 29th Foot.-Iieut. Alfred Godfrey Blacz , from the or iceater lllitia, to be Ensign, by purchase (Supernumerary to the Fstabeishmetut). 2d Foot.-Ensign James Wolfe Charlton, from the Meath meiitia' to be Ensign, w without purchase (Supernumerary to the Establishment. 55th Foot.-Fist Ilent. Thomas Bro;n, from the Forfar filitia llertaoeg, to be Ensign, without purchase loperuumeraery to the Estabto thmeuEt.)lsinn. 3Sth Foot.-Lieut. Thomas H'filt I uas3 from the Lst Sonerset Militia, to be Ensign without purchase ISupernumerary t the Estab- lishment.) 35th Foot.-Gent.eman Cadet Francis Charterlo Forbes. frpm the dfoya m Milit ry Colege, tobe Ensiga, withoue purchasie (Suqeume- (Supryntoterayt E tabihsenFtabihet.)p ihutpr 5%th Foot.-1ieut. Thomas Evans SToasto from the Lndonda Miitia, to be Ensign, without purchase ISupernumerary to the Estab- lihment.) 45th Foot.-Cvapt. Thomar Stack, from the 2d FootWto be CkMptain vice Goff, who exchangel Genteman Cadet Ht enry BlarGenett Hayirard, from the Royal blilitzry College, to be Ensig^n, without pm-chase (Super3nmerary to th aeEstablishment). 56th Foot.-Lieut. T 3milsP, fremn thle fth Foot, to be MAeiltenanto vice Lowes, who exchanger. 51st Foot-Gentieman Cadet tzbhomasl , from thu mm Ct Royal MlitiaryCollege, to be E nsgn, without purchasw (Supernumeraryeto the Estabishment). Id Foot.-Lteut. tichardn WagKeld, from the Queen's Coumty ilitia, to be Ensin, wthout purchase (Supernumerary to the Elitablish- Sid Foot.-Ensign ChArles Bagnall, from the id: Warwick Miitia, to be Ensign, without purchase (Supernumerary to the Establishment). 54th Foot.-GentleEma Cadet Matthea Wildiam tdward GFsett to hte EnSign, without purchase (Supernumerary to the Estab-llhaent). 55th Foot.-hiout. James l'rngle. from the Edinburgh Mfilitia, to be Ensign, without-urchasged to cmpleoe tho betablishment. i9th Fooe.-,ieue. Gerald FitzGibbon, from the Dubin City M1ilitia, to be Ensiig, without purchasc (Super,umerars t the Establishrnent). 66th Fooe.-Zesign John Wa lker Ring, from the Kildare Militia, to beu Ensgn, without purchase (Supernumerary to the Estabtishment). 69th Foot.-Ensign Andrew Paran, from the 1st hanark Miitia, to e Ensign, witholut Purchase (Supernumerary to the Establishment). 66th Foot-ensign Edwrard Richardson, from the Fermattagh zhiitia,Atotbe Enig n,bwithout purchase (Supernumeraryto theEstablishment). 67Tth Foot.-Ensign Edward Coxen to be Bient, without purchase 73d Jon- deceased: Ensign George ThomsVn, from the 1st fanarkshire Militia, tolbe tobeEnsign, withoutprcase, vice Coern. ii9th Foot.-Ensign Edwrard WVilliamv, fromithe Roadnor Mfilitia, to be :EnsigD, without purchase (Supernumeraryto thc Establishment). yC-thFoot-SondLvieut. George Aislabie Hiilton, from the Iaucrshlre Mlitia Artillery, to be Ensign. withoutpurchase (Supeonume- to the Ethnblishment). 74th Foot.-Ensign Abel Straghan to be Lient., by purchase, vice Faras, promoted.,, bypeaeto, an Ubyna ttacclhed (ompany. Riobert rient. Angustue Daniel Resne, from the 4th hliddlesex Militia, to be Ensign, without p urchase (Sulpernumerary to the Establishment). 15ith Foo<t.-,Ensign Edward Hfardiag, from the Limlerick M1ilitia, to bc Ensign, without purchase (Supernumerary to the Zstablishmcut). 75th Foot.-Ilent. William Thom scn, fromn the South Down MIilitia, to bco Ensign, without purcasec (Supernumerary to the Estalishrut).. 60th Foot.-Gentlecma Cadet Dudley Beaumont, from the Royal MWilitary College, to be EnsIgn, without purchase, (Supernumerary to tshe Establshment). 3tt h Foot-Lient. Egbert Charles S. Rely, from the le Surrey Mlitia, to be Ensign, without purchase (Supernumerary to the Establishient). Sith Foot-Gentleoian Cadet George Henry Stace. from the Royal Miitary College. to be Ensign, without purchase (Supernumerary to the Establishusent). E6th Foot-ieut. George Fowler, from the South Glocester Mlitia. to be Ensign, without purchase (Supernumerary to the Establishmont). 57th FoAt-Lieut. Frederick FloseI Devereeux from the Galway Militia, to be Ensign, without purchase (Supernumerary to the Establisiment). .1-st Foot-1ieut. Edward Kelly Obbard, from the London Militia, to be Ensign, without purchase (Supernu erary to the Esthlishmont). - ith Foo.-Lieut. William Fermor Godfrey, from the Rerr Militia, to be Ensign, without purchase (Supermunerary to the Establishment). 96th Feet-MaloroEdward W. Scovell, to be Lieut.-CoD., without Prchase, vice Brevet-CoL. Cumberland. who retires upon full pry; C,:lt.BdwardCroker, tobe MajOr, without purchase, vice Sorvell; Lioset ID. DT. J.M'Ca rthY. to be Capt., without purhare, vice Croker ; iEsrgu John T. French, to be lent., without purchase, vice M'cazthr, Ensign AlbertJJackson Hascisit, from tha lBedford Miiitia, to be n, wix;thout prircase vice Frvenh; Gentleman Cadet Lionel Smith, fzom the Royal ilitiars Cwoliege,to be Ensg, without pus- bsee (Sopverumsary to5 the Eatsbleshme. t). ;,ihorexMlitia, tOb Enag i th^out puchae (Supernuerary o ii EstasLhnent); Lieut. W-I.L ewves, from 50thFoot, to be Iieut, vice ills, who exchanges. 99th Foot.-lieut Mlartin Joseph Browne. from the 2d Stalora. Militia, to be Ensign, without pur Sasn inSuperaumerary to the FEtablishment). Gold Cob Corps. --Lieut James TrevoeW. Ardrews to be Adjt,, vice Duke, who resigas the adjutancy only. BR1iTiSH GERMN LE,GION. The folloiing oTicers hsve been struck off the streugth of the British Genuan Legion:- Sd JXlger Corps.-Capt. Gabrietde Xorponay, Capt. Igunace Ziemecki, and Capt. Pulsuds'kL 6th' ight Lnfantry.-Capt. Michael Thumser (inralided by Medlcal Board). *r BRmsn Swiss LEGIoN. 2dalghtInfantry.-Tieut. Eusobe TTicauo to be Adit. of the lt Battalion, vica Solioz, whose appointment has been cancelled. ' UNATTACHED. Srevet-Major. George Mtein, half.pay unattached (Brigade-Major at Yeork)to have hisbrevet rank converted into substantive rank, as a FPewila case7. Brevet-Major Francis Edward Drewe. 23d Foot, to have his brevet rank converted into substantive rank, under the Royal warrant of the GthafOztober,1tS54 Iieut. lenry Fitzgerald, from the 87th Frot, to be Capt., without purchase. STARF. Capt. Bernard Alorgan, from the 77th Feet, to be Town Adjuant at Gibraltar, vice Hume, appointed Garrison Quartermaster. HOSPITAL STAFF. The uadermentioned acting.sssstant-snrgeonshavc ceasedto doduty, there being no longer occasion for their serrices:- John Grant Willianm Harry Cooke, HenryEdvward. John Munday. TeterAllen, MlD. Eugene Francis OLeary. IBREVET. ilrevet-Col. . Brownlow Ceuberland, retired full-pay, 96th Foot, to be Major-Gen.. the rank being honorary only. Brevet-1ieut.-CoJ. W. J. Crompton, on retired full-pay, Staff Officer of Pensioners, to be CoL in the army, therank being honorary only. | lh3jor.n. PRobert Bateman (Major on half-pay unattached) bas been permnitted toretire from the service by the sale of a Majority. ADIMRALTY, JULY 5. COici'S OF ROYAL AIInRES. Capt. John George Augastus Aylesto be Lieat.-Col., vice Courtih, retired. First lieut. William Pitt Draffen to be Capt.., viceAyle promoted. Second Lieut. William Henry Wroottobe First Lieun, vice Draffen, promoted. ' COMMTISSIONS Signed by the LOan-LIwovxecAs,-v of the Towxtb2tand,oflth Joseph Tumnley,Rssq,. to beDeputs'.Lieut. Byvthe Losmn-IIuTnetA?ct o the County of Gsorrac. and of thu City and County of the City of Gr,ocanrrn, and of the City and Countysof the City of BCrSaOnd Xo1 Sasth Glecester Light In fantry Regiment of MillUta-John Bitt bentetn, gent., to bexient., vice Crof is, resigned. [This " Gazette" contains notices that the following rlaces have been duly regstered for the seolemnization of marriages therein:-] St. licholas Greek Churcb, Liverspool Unitarian Baptist Chapel, DeaL PARTN-IS S DISSOLVED. B. Harrison and Co., late of Leeds, and Harrison and Singleton. Bradford, Yorkshire, timber merebants.-R. and J. Harrison, Late of Elnesten-upon-Hull, and Great Grimsby. timber merchants.-H. Bradney and Son, Hill-tap Westbromwich, ironmongers.-Messrs. Webb and Levy, John-street. Spitalfields, and Specks-elds, Stepney, bone merchantz.-I. and I. Iese3, King-street, inmbury.-Pountney and Tomlinson, MancheEter, stockbrokers.-S. JonesandSon Princesstreet, lambeth, coal merchants.-Barlow, Redier, and Co., lanchester, merchants.-J. Harding and L Vitherden, Leireeter. hoaers.- Edwards. Fox, and Co., Bristol, wine merehants.-G. Hutchinson and J. Foster, York, wine merchants.-Fox, Sons, aud Co., Tlymouth, merchante.-Stanley and Chadwick, Ashton-under-Lyne, cotton spin. nerm.-Wardens and Williams, Kingswinford, iron workers.-J. and W. Holt, Halifax, dyers.-M. Gibson and Son,' Newcastle-upon-Tyne agrieultural implement manufacturers.-R D'Arey Newton andJ. V. Watkisne,Warick-so,ulare,lewgate-street, adverthiing avente.-Strelley and Shaw, Nottingham, butchers.-Brownw g and mraithwaite, New. srtfle of wight, surgeons.-BennettandLongman, Dorchester.-B. ow,lesand R.BI. Edward, Crown-street Esat,Walworth-road, leather ellers.-T. and W. Davies, Chester, joiners.-Gudgeon and Son, lwmn cheater, ra'sinetumakero.-J.}1i2gc and W.H.t Cffllinciord, Davies-street, Berkeeysuare, bhfilders.-J. Cfiare and Co., fdanchester, feat dealers. Dean and t aeanusoee, Bradford. near Mranchester, anurfacturing chymists.-WY. Achesen and Co. Sydney, N[ew South WYales. and Mlancheater, nserehantsd-.Brewer and B.ote. WhiLe, H ih-street, Kingslaud, frnitererad-S. AddiGley andsSons, Podrtefract, drapersi o far as regards C. Addidgley.-Blakte, Davy, and eo., Devon and Courtenay CWisy Stiass, Wolborougb. Devonsshire; so far as regErdls E. Blake. DECLARATION;S OF DiIVDE^NDS. B. Gredne, LicbfCieo banlker-dira div. of Os. 0-L. on Thursday, July 10. and three follwing Thumdays,atMarBitMestonLs,Blrminghn and July 11. 12. 18. end 19, at the Swvan Hotel. Lichfield. A. Finniger, La-rlney. Glooestershrire, draper-div. of Os. 1ld., any Wednesday, at M1r. eller's. Bristot. W. bEoore. Bradford, Wiltshire. blue dyer-div. of Is..,anyWednesF. F,rede,ricks, Crickhov et, banker-div. of &S!l. any Wednesday, at day, at Mtr. Miller's, BristoL J. Carter, jun., and C. Carter, Clifton, brewers-div. of 2s., any Wednesday, at Mr. tiUlerse, BristoL. S. L. Samuel, L.iverpooL, vsateh manufaccurer-third div. of 53d.. any Wednesday, at MEr. Mlorgan's, Liveraoot. W. Sherratt, Crew o. innkieeper-firat div. of 2s,, any WAednesday, at Ur. aorgan's, LiverpooL. l P. DagMa't and J W. Fairdou2h. Liverpool, wholesle comb amanufacturer. eecond Adi. of 3, any Wednesday, at Mr. Morgan's, L.iverpool. John Newmn Walker, Hounedetch, hsrdwareman, to surrender Juy13, and August10, at 12h'cock. at tir Bankrupts'Cout soi- idtosw, oiesss. BelL Cowdeg , and Boyce, LeadenhaUl-sreet offical assignee, Ar. Canaan, Aldermanbrlyf Jlames Hunt, Noel-stretc Islington, auctioneer, Julya16 and Auust 11, anu 'clork, at the kpts Court: solicitr, .r. Orchard, ledford-rowr; of ficial assignee, Mir. Graham, Hfenry Arand Thorpe, Harleyford-place. Kennincten, coach pro-. Pricebr, July 16, at 11 o'clock. and Augulst 13. at half-past I, at the Bankrrupts' Court: solicitor, MEr. itothimn. Hzalfmoon-street, Piccadilly; official assignee, Mr. Stansfeld.. Joseph Bock, jnn., Birmingham, factor, July 24 and August 7, at 10 o'clock, at the Birningham District Court of Bankruptey: solicitor, Mtr. James, Birmingham; offical assignee, Mr. Bittleston, Birmingham. Henry Wlliams, Swansea,timber merchant, July21 andAugust19, at l1 o'clock, at the Bristol District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitor, MVr. Gordon, Old Broad-street; and Mr. Taddy, Bristol; offiial asmignee, Mr. Miller. BustoL Henry Shaw, Halifax, worsted spinner, !Jluy 25, and August 22, at 11 o'clock, at the Leeds District Court of Bankruptcy: soliecitors, messrs. WaveU, Philbrick, and Foster, Halifax; official assignee, Mr. Young, leeds. Thomas Wright, sen., and Thomas Wright, jun., Yorl, tailor, July 29, at 12 o'clocl, and Augst 22, t n at the Leeds listrict Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors. Mr. Mann, iorkc; and Mr. Clarke, Leeds; official assignee, Mr. Hope. Leeds. Henry Leadbeater, luddersfield, woollen cloth merchant, July25 and August 22, at li o'clock, at the Leeds District Corst of Bankrupty: solcitors, Blesrs. Jacomb and Son, Huddersfidld ; and l,emms. Cariss and Cadworth, Leeds; offlcial assignee, hfr. Yomng, Leeds. John Stoels Battye. AImondbury, Yorkshire, woolea manufacturer, July 18, at 12 o'clock, and August 29. at 11, at the Leeds District Court of Bankruptcy: soUcitors, 3ir. Clonuh, Huddersfield- and Messrs. Bond and Barwnck, Leeds; official assignee, Mlr. hope, Leeds. Catharine Williams, Bursconch, Lancashire, licensed victuaUer, July 21 and August 18, at 11 o'ock at the Liverpool Distrib Court of Bankruptcy: solicitor, Mr. Stone, Liverpool; official assignee, Mr. Morgan, Liv L Toomas HmoUisJworth, Liverpool, timber merchant, July18, and August 8, at 11 o'cock, at the iAverpool District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitor, M,r Etty, iverpool; of fical assignee, Mlr. Turner, liverpool. John Gregory, Manchester, accountant, Jrly 24, and August 13. at 12jo'clock, at theM1ancbester District Court of Bankruptcy: solictor. Mr. Heald, Manchester; official assignee, Mr. lemnama, Mhanchester. Thomas Uludle, Richard Stuttard and Henry Walmisley Accring. bon, power-loom cloth manufacturers July 18. and Augst 22, at 12 o'clock, at the Manchester District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors Mfessrsa Higson and Bobimon, Manchester; official assignee, Mr. Hernaman, Manchester. DIVIDENDS. .July31, A. Duncan, Wilson-street, Finsbury, mamufacturer of proe erved provTsionSouly 31.W. &ndds, Bulckhetn, hovery stab.lekeeper. July31, B.J.tPolgrase Borough-readand elsehere, millw ht.- July 21, P. CCurtis, ffrlest Haml, builder.-July 31, TV. Dinwoodie, Swointon-street. Gras-inn-road, draper.July 31. H. Mlartiu, and S. Foot. Battereca-Oclils, bre vers.-Auens 8, J., T.. and W. Snibson, 3fanchester, wvholesale grcers-Jtly 30, W. E. and D. Cooper, Mahchester and M3ottrai, ta. Eechandiers.-Juny 29, T. and V. Finehetts ranh estr.E brCwers.-Augusi 7, J. Roberts. Holyhead, shipbuilder. CERT^IFIEd to be granted, uniess cause be showin to the con-. trary. on the day of meeting. July 29, C. Erswvell, Satro-n Wyalden. bnildcr.-July 10. T. KVennard, Brooksby-street, L iverpool-road, and elsewhere. balker-Jub 10, B. HPisvthora, Lisle-street. LIJciestcr-ssiuare, and elsowbere shoee mercer.-Jusy 31, C. P. Edney, in the county of Lancuaster, druggist,July 31.-H. Critehlov, Dudley, baker, SCOTCH SEQUJESTEATIONS. A. Young, Eaweaharn, Renfrewahire, manufacturer, Jubly1, atl2 o'clock, at the Commercial Hlotel. Paisley. J. Young, Fiherrow Edinburgh, builder, Jnlyy21, at 2 o'clock, at Stevenson's Booms, Edinburgh. J. Low. GL-ssgaw, provision merchant July iS, at 1 0,clock, at the GLeorgeHotel, Gisegiuw.
THE REV. JAME BS BROGaDM. TO THE EDITOR O THE IMT S. Sir,-As the paragraph copied into your paper of to-day implies a case of oppression, I beg leave to state the simple truth. There are in this office two writs of soniestrarifacias of the vicarage of Deddington. They were received on the 4th of October last, and are to levy, respectively, the sunms of 2351. ls. 5d. and 1,442l. 4s. 4d. The annual proceeds of the vicarage amount to little more than 1501. Out of this it would be the first duty of the sequestrator to pay a curate for performing the spiritual duties, if the vicar did not himself perform them. But in this case the vicar (Mr. Brogden) continued his residence and duties, and it is manifest that to pay a stipend to him would. be iUegal, and a breach of duty towaards tho plain. tiffs in the actions so long as their debts were unsatisfied. In addition to the good reason of this, the fact will be ren* dered plain by quoting the words of the statute:- 1st and 2d Victoria, c. 106, see. 99,-" And he it enacted that in every case in which a benefice shall be under sequestration (except for the purpose of providing a house of residence, as aforesaid), it shall be lawful to the bishop, and he is hereby required, if the incumbent shall not perform the duties of the said benefice, to appoint and license a curate or curates thereto, and to assign to him or them a stipend or stipends," xc. lfark, however, that in tho present instance the law was (with the written consent of the plaintiffs) waived; and it was arranged to allow to Mr. Brogden a stipend at the rate of 1001. a-year, which was paid up to January last; when, after due notice, and soleran but affectionate appeals by the Bishop of Oxford to Mr. Brogden as to the state of his parish (numbering 1,500 souls), the stipend was withheld; for two reasons: - 1. That it was found to operate as a premium to a clergy. man who had los' the respect of his parshioners, and whose nominal ministration among them had become fatal to their highest interests. 2. That the payment of a stipend to a defendant is wrong in principle,jhecause, if allowable, it would enable a friendly or collusive plaintilf in a sequestration to supply the beneficed clerk with an income which otherwise would be available for his general creditors; w-ho would thus be defrauded. Suffice it to add, that it ill becomes Mr. Brogden to complain of the BishoD of Oxford, for his Lordship has, again and again, by personal contributons and by influence with Church Societies and individuals assited Mr, Brogden in his difficulties. I have the honour to be, Sir, V- ir f&itfhnfl sar-a JOHN hL DAVENPORT. jocesan egistry, Oxford, July l. TaEE SThAmBoAT CoLLISION AT LLVEPOOL.-NO inore deaths have tasen place since Sunday; but one of the unfortunate sufferers at the Northern Hospital, KiThorn, is not ex)ecedto recover. The bodies,-which hmve been identiflod, will he buried to-morrow (Wednesday), on which day also the inquest will be opened before Mr. Coroner Curr in the Sheriffis-corit, St. George'-hall. whick km bcen pmntea for the p1urpoee by the Mpyor, owing to & infol mtein t which the c h ah excisd ;n the town.
MILITARY AND ,iJAAL INT.ELLI0RNO3. Lieutenant-General Sir Colin Campbell will have the connmand of tho troops to be encamped at Shorncliffe, numberingabout5,000 mien. Among the regiments constituting this division will be incladed same of those lately under Sir Colin's commarid in the Highland division in the Crimea. Colonel Tzollope, of tho 62d Regiment, who lately commanded a brigade in the Crimea, wiLl, we understand, proceed to Canada to filh a staff appointment of similar rank, in the room of Major-General Home Home, who returns to England. It is arranged that upon the termination of the review in Hyde Park to-day the three battalions of the Guards which have just arrived from the Crimea will move into the WVellington and St. George's Barracks, to be quartered. The following account; of arrivals and departures of vessels is from the letter of our 31alta correspondent, dated July 3 - "'The Ripon steam trarsport arrived from Gibraltar on the 2d. " Her Majesty's steam corvette Stromboli, having in tow the hired transport Eden, arrived from Gibralt.ar on the 2d, and at the same time the Clyde steam transport from Southamiton, Gibraltar, and Algiers. "' Th6 Pacific steam tirasport, from Kertch and Constantinople, arrived on thb 29sih of June. "' The Tonning steam transport arrived on the 29th frong Constantinople. " The Osprey sinam trsnsport arrived on the 30th fronm Constantinople. "' er Majesty's screw stearaship of the line Centurion arrived on the 30th front Constantinople, and left for England on the 1st of July. "T he John Masterman sailing transport left for England on the 2Sth. "Her Majesitys screw -teainshilp of the line Emoub and the Leopard steamfaigate, having in tow the Norwegian shig Espinola, in the British transport service, left on the 29th for England. " Her Majesty's steam transport Hesoer arrived on the 30th of June from Constantinople, and on the 1st of July the Durham steam transpcrt from toe same place, and let for England the same day. "The Lion steam transport arrived fromBalaklava on the 1st of July. "The Edina steam transport arrived from Constantinople on the lst of July. "Her Majesty's screw line-of-battle ship Colossus anrived from Balaklava on the 1st of July, and left on the same day for England. "'The A7iblmr Gordon steam transport arrived on the2d from Constantinople. "The Countess of Durham steam transport, arrived from Constantinople on the 2d. "' The Nicholas Wood steam transport arrived from ConstantinoDle on the 1st. "The English steamtramsport City of Washington, having in tow thea shp Balance, both in the French service, arriveg from Marseilles on the 2d. " The Sardinian brig Amore and the Teresa arrived from Kamiesch and Constantinople on the 29th of June, and left. the former for Toulor, the latter for Marseilles, on the 2d of July. "' The Thessalia and Karnak, for Malta, Syra, and Constantinople; and the Beyrout, for Beyrout, screw steamers arrived on the 29th from LiverpooL The Karnak proceeded on her voyage on the 50th, and the other two on the 29th. " Tho Baalbec screw steamer arrived on the 29th, and the Laconia screw steamer, on the 30th, both from Alexandria for Liverpool, for which port they left on the same day. " The African screw stsamer arrived from Alexandria on the 30th of June, and loft on the Ist of July for Liverpool. " The OUtoman steamer Kars arrived from London on the 30th. "H er Majesty's despatclh steamer Banshee arrived on the 2Sth of June from Marseilles, and left on the following day for Constantinople. " The Tage French stempacket arrived from Alexandria on the 28th of June, and left on the 29th for Marseilles. "The Hellespont French postal steamer arrived from Marseilles on the 29th, and leFt on her return voyage this morning. " The Ava Peninsular and Oriental Company's mail steamer arrived from Sorthampton and Gibraltar on the 29th of June, and left fo:r Alexandria on the 1st of July immediately after the arrival of the Vectis steamer, belong. ingto the same company,lhingingthe London overland mail of the 20th of June. "L Ueutenant-ColonelDfl:.ord, wife, and two daughters; Colonel Graham, Lady Reid, and two daughters, and Lady Fox took their passage f.r Southampton in the Indus steampacket, which left on the 25th; and inthe Valetta,for Marseilles, which left on the same day, Major Oldridge, Lieutenant Heaton, Lieutmant Rooker, Colonel Lysons, CClonel Airy, Colonel Fortscue, Major Prettyman, Captain Robinson, and Captain Templeman. "The Borysth8ne Frenclh postal steamer arrived from Constantinople, Smyrna, am d ;yra on the 2d, and went on to Marseiles on the same afternoon. "The French postal steamer Jourdain arrived from Alexandria on the 2d, and left for MEarseilles next morning." As some reports have anpeared inurious to the char-ac. ter and discipline of the Foreign Legion at Dover, it may be right to state that at a meeting of the directors of th Dover Sailors Home, which took place a few days ago, it was resolved that the secretary should be requested to oxpresstoLieutenant-Colonel Raines the great satisfaction of the directors at the exempl3ry behaviour of the soldiers of the British Swiss Legion, who, in large numbers, have availed themselves of the orportunities afforded to them for reading in that institution. The Second Battalion of the Fusileer Guards is expected to arrive at Liverpool from Windsor early on Thursday morning, to embark at 10lo ockonboardthe screw steamer Indus for Dnblin. The steamer Gorgon has arrived at Liverpool for the gun. boats Gnat and Garland; aind the steamer Salamander is expected there for the gunboats Kestrel and Clown, which wiU complete the number ordered by Government at Liver. pool. The following officers, belonging to the depots at the pro. visional battalion, Chathamt, have been selected by Colonel H. Jervis, the commandant, and placed undeithe direction of Captain W. Nott, S3d :Regiment, and ILieutenant A. M'Leod, 78th Highlanders, the instructors in musl-etry at Chatham garrison, for the p urpose of undergoing a course of instruction in the use and practiceof the Enfield rifl, in order to qualify themselves to act as instructors in musketry at the several military stations to which tbey will be sent, viz. :-Lieutenant F. W. Osborn, Ensign S. R. HRandy, Ensign D. Jackson, and Ensign J. T. Whelan, 40th Regi. mont; Ensign H. 0. Battmnan, 43d Light Infantry ; Lieutenant T. A. Burrowes, 45th Regiment; Ensign T. Case. ment, G1st Regiment; and Licuteriant C. C. Gore, S3d Regiment. A detachment of sink arid wounded non-commissioned officers and men from the va rious regiments in t'e Crimea, to the number of 20, arrivel at Chatham yesterday after. noon from the East, having disembarked at Portsmouth from the Severn steam-transport. The Lords of tho Admiralty having decided that the whole of the troops belonging to the Royal Marine Light Infantry shall undergo a course of instruction in the use and practice of the Enfield rifle, the non-commissioned officers and men belonging t) the Chatham, or first division of this corps-the whole of whom have been armed with that weapon-commenced their preliminary course of instruction at St. Mary's-creek, Chatham, on Monday, under the direction of Major G. B. Bridges, Royal Marines, who has been appointed instructor in musketry to the Chatham division. The following officers at Chatham Barracks have completed their conrse of instrretion in the Enfield rie practice under Captain W. Nott, S3d Regiment, preparatory to their beingdralghtedto the several regimentsforthepurpose of instructing the troops in the use of that weapon :,EnsignF. A. Cubitt, 5th Fusileers; Ensign Zi. G. Blair, Sth (the King's) Regiment; Lieutenant C. A. Armstrong, 10th Regiment; Ensign J. Bamford, 29th Regiment ; Ensign G. G. Fraser, 37th Regiment; Ensign E. O'Neill and Ensign A. G. Smith, 45th Regiment; Ensign E. B Andros, 61st Regiment; Ensign G. R. Row, 75th Regiment; and Ensign E. J. Fitisimons, 78th Highlanders. The Diadem steam-frigate is in a forward state at Pem. broke Dockyard. She isthe f:rst laid down of the new class men-of-war of her size and weight of metal, of which two more, tho Ariadne and Galatea, have just been ordered to be built at Woolwich and Deotford. Although the Diadem is only to earry 32gons, yet thse are allto be 68-pounders, and it is thought that she wilL be able to carry 84's. The Diadem is being pushed forward WitIL all rapidity, a large number of handsbeing employedl upon her. This frigate is longer than the Duke of Wellingtoni, 131 gtms, ship of the line, and will have engines of 1,00D horse power. Hler burden wl be upwards or n,) tons, and sihe promises to prove a. model of strength, beauty, sunt speed. The new gunboat WVolf, bulilt at Messrs. Green's, Black;wall, was forwarded to Woolwich on MIonday evening to be fitted, Tw eO ther gunboats, the Hearty and the Htunter. arrived at Woolwich at the same time from Northleete These two vessels completb Messrs. Pitcher's present conlract with Government. The huge chain lighter in the service of Woolwich dockyard was on Monday towed up to Poplar for the purose of embarking Mr. Horsfall's monster gun, which had Seen received at the railway station from Liverpool. The gun was received on board the barge with safety, but with some difficulty, on account of its enormous weight-26 tons. It was thence conveyed to Shoeberyness, where it will undergo a course of experimental triak. Messrs. Lucas Brothers hsave commenced framing and sininn 10 gun casting-pits within the enclosure of the newly ereeteugun foundry in Woolwich Arsenal. These pits are to be 300 feet in length, 18& feet broad, and 27 feet deep. To prevent accidents, which miight result from an escape of any portion of the metal wile in a state of hydrostatic fusion, which wil take place in these pits, thev are to be lined 'with a solid substiace of wrought iron, enclosing a thick body of conrerte ad Pw tlandl cement about eight feet The feJlowing appointnaffia were made yesterday at the AdniiraZy.-Captarn Sidne Oaenfell -to the Asitisst; - Com m sneG. T. Colvile, te :lieCamilla.
THE QUBEN .AT ALD.B.HOTT. I Oh the rain, the weary dreary rain,- how it fell at Aldershott yesterday ! pattering and clattering on the soldiers' huts, soakingtheir canvass tents througl and through, drenching ev.eiything animate and inanimate, overflowing roads and pathways, flooding the whole face of -the country and converting a landscape into a lake. It had- been raining remorselessly all the night Day dawvned cheerlessly, and- the dense masses of clouds that lowered heavily in the skythreatened what the event too faitlfully realized-aperfect deluge. Torender the prospect still more dismal, the wind set in steadily from the north-east, and swept over the camp with a keen and eager blast. A reiew of all the troops within the lines was appointed to take place, and the Queen and Prince Albert, with a numnber of illustrious guests, including the Kingof the Belgians Prince Oscar of Sweden, and other distinguished persons, hacl spent the night in the Pavilion, with the intention of being on the ground at a very early hour in the morning. But the weather was so severe that even among the military the idea that the troops would be turned out scarcely obtained credence. Yet so it was decreed. There was a review, and such a one as will not rapidly fade from the memories of those who witlessed, it. Shortly after daybreak the whole camp was astir, and the biusy note of preparation rose clear and distinct above the splash of the torrent and the howl of the teimpest. At ' o'clock the troops formedin line outside fneir cantonments, and, after undergoing the usual preliminaryinspection by their commanding officers, left their respective parasdes and marched by different routes to the piace of exercise-a vast expanse of moorland spreading to the right of the old Portsmouth road. The first to leave the cimp were the German Rifles, who sang cheerily as they marched along, as much as to say that, whatever sLdes were above them, they had hearts for any fate. Next came the 79th Highlanders in their ldts, and to see them wending their naked way over the desolate heath would have been enough to melt a heart of marblewere it not that the appearance of a body of men in such a dress on such a day looked really like an attempt to outrage the common sense of society and to trifle wvith the humane feelings of our nature. Even people who had clothes on were wet and cold enough in all conscience, as the writer of these lines can testify; b'ut what must these poor fellows have suffered7 It will not do to think of it. Then followed, in the order here enumerated, the 7th Fusileers, the 1st Royals, the 19th Regiment, the Guards, Grenadiers and Coldstreams, the 80th Regiment, two squadrons of the 4th Light Dragoons, one mounted, the other on foot, some troops of the 1st Royal and 6th Ennisillen Dragoons, a field battery of artillery, the Ist and 2d Jager Regiments, two Regiments of the British German Legion, and the L.t and 2d Regiments of German Cavalry. After marching across the heath the troops drew up in quarter distance columns on the slope of the hill. The Crimean regiments descended into the plain, and formed in double lines from north to south; each line extending about 1,200 yards. The Guards were on the extreme right, while the German troops, with the 8Gth Regiment, took up their position on an eminence overlooking the plain and facing the right flank- of the line. Each regiment had its band in front, while the guns on the extreme right pointed over the brow of the hill ready for saluting. the troops remained in this order for nearly an hour, while the rain came down wvith still increasing violence, and the wind blew fiercely over the chain of heather-clad hills which bounds that wild and desolate landscape. At length the booming of distant guns was heard, and presently the Royal party was seen to emerge from the Pavilion. The Queen, attended bythe Countess of Gainsborough and Lady Churchill, was seated in a close carriage drawn by two white horses, and arrived on the ground at halfpast 11 o'clock. By the side of the carriage rode Prince Albert, in a Field Marshal's uniform, and the Prince of Wales, "the rose and expectancy" of our fair State, who was mounted on a little bay pony, quite glossy with rain. The King of the Belgians, Prince Oscar of Sweden, the Comte de Flandres, the Duke of Cambridge, Baron Stutterheim, and Lord Panmure, all in military uniform, also accompanied the Royal equipage while a brilliant staff of officersa as wet as if they had been taken out of the sea. brought up the rear. The Royal party rode leisurely aloug the lines, while colours were lowvered and arms presented, and the band on the stunmit of the hill played the national anthem. The inspection concluded, the troops defiled past Her Majesty's carriage, the bands playing the regimental marches. Notwithstanding the unfavourable state of the ground, the marching of all theregiments wasadmirable. That of the Guards was beyond all praise. The precision of their movements is wonderful; they advance like a scarlet wall, no man the tenth of an inch before or behindhis comrade, but allmovingat the same instant, as if one mind governed the vwhole mass. After a brief series of evolutions the sky brightened and the rain ceased for about 10 minutes, and this momentary millennium afforded an opportunity for an occurrence of singular interest. The Crimean regiments again advanced as before, and formed three sides of a square around the Royal equipage. The officers of cavalry and infantry who have been under fire, together with four men of each company and troop, advanced at a given sigual. The Queen's carrage was then thrown open, and Her M1ajesty, wvho wore a riding habit, and in her hat a military plume of feathers, rose amid breathless attenthon, and spoke as followrs: "Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers,-I wish personally to convey, through you, to the regiments assembled here this day my hearty welcome on their reiuun to England in health and full efficiency. Say to them that I have watched anxiously over the difficulties and hardships which they have so nobly borne, that I have mourned with deep sorrow for the brave men who have fallen in their country's cause, and that I have felt proud of that valoer which, -with their gallant allies, they have displayed on every field. "{I thank God that your dangers are over, while the glory of your deeds remains; but I mnow that, should your services be ag in required, youi will be animated with the same devotion which in the Crimea has rendered you invincible." No sooner had Her MIajesty concluded this brief, but gracious and most graceful harangue, which she delivered with that propriety of emphasis and that silvery sweetness of intonation for which she is so remarkable, than a cry of " God save the Queen !" sprang to every lip. Felmets, bearskins, and shakos were thrown in the air, the Dragoons waved their sabres, and a shout of loyal acclamation, caught up from line to line, rang through the hills. It was a grand and spirit-stirrincr sight, full of interest and excitement, and not to" be witnessed without deep emotion. The word, "S elected men. join your standards !" was then given, and the troops marched back to camp dripping with rain, but apparently very happy and contented. The Royal party returned to the Pavilion, and at 3 o'clock left the Farborough Station for Nine Elms, where they were received by a guard of honour of the 3d Light Dragoons, by whom they were escorted to Buckingham Palace. We grieve to be obliged to add there is reason to apprehend that Lord Hardinge is suffering from very severe indisposition. His Lordship was taken suddenly ill while in conversation with Her Mfajesty at the Pavilion on Monday. Finding that he was in danger of falling, he endea-voured to support himself byseizing a table, but it rolled from him, and he came to the ground with much violence. The only further particulars that we were able to ascertain were that the noble L*ord spent Mlonday night in the camp, and was conveyed to London in a very suffering state bytrain yesterday ocrning.
TH. RETURN OF TffB GUARDS. we publih today, for general information, the amended programme for the march of the Guards into London this morning "1L The brigade to be lormed by regimentg at the Nirne Elms Station of the South-Western Railway, zeady to march off, right in front, at 11 o'clock a.m., this (Wednew day) morning. "2. The colum (each regiment preceded by its band) io move by 'fours' along the Wandsworth-road, over Vauxhall-bridge; torn to theight long Crescent-road, New-roacg Milbank-row, Xaillhank-steet, Abingdon-street, Old Palaceyard, Margaret-street, Parlisment-street, Whitehall, Uaa Whitehall to Charing-cross, by Cockspur-street, alonig Pallmall, and enter the Parkby the gates between arlboroughhouse and St. James's Palace, and thence by originl routa to Buckingham Palace and Hyde Park. " 3. Hler Majesty'will see the troops pass frosthe balcony of the Palace. "4. The three battalions of -Guards now in London and tie battalion at Windsor wil], before the arrival of the Crimean brigade, be formed in Hydo Park, by the field officer in brigade waiting, in a line of quarter distance coltsmns, at 95 paes' interval, right in front, and facing Park-lane. with the rear of the line resting on the clump of trees. - 5"a. The colonels of the three regiments of Guards will be at the head of their respective regiments, and inthis order the brigade will await the arrival of their comrades from the Crimea. " . lUpon the Crimean battalions suecessively gaining the open space, after entering Hyde Park, they will be forned. into quarter-distance columns, and be marched ect upon points placedopposite to the in'rervals left in the line of columns already formed. Here they wil wheel to the left, and halt until the three battalions are formed on the alignment of the 3d Battalion Grenadiers, when the Crimean Brigade will be marched by Major-General Crawfurd, under the orders of hlajor-General Lord Rokeby, toitsplace in the formed line of columnns, and countersiarched bysubdivisions round the centre. "17. The -whole of the Brigade of Guards will then stana inaline of quarter-distance columns, right in front, at 25 paces' interval. "S. Upon the Crimean batlions commencing to march upon the intervals lefb for them, the regiments already formed wil present arms, bands playing the respective regimental marches, and, 'when they have completed the counter-march of subdinvsions round the centre, they also will present arms, by order of their respective commanding officers. " 9. The line wi}l then shonuder, order arms, and stand at ease, by word of command from the respective colonels of regiments. "10. His Royal Highness Field-Marshal Prince Albert will then proceed to meet and to conduct Her M1ajesty into the Park. "IL Major-General Lord Rokeby and Major-General Crawford, having handed over to the colonels of their re. spective regiments the battalions composing the Crimean brigade, their duties will cease, and they will be pleased to -join the -staff of the Field Marshal Commanding-in-Chief. "12. The field ofrieer in brigade waiting wil be pleased to do the same, and the troops on tle ground will remain under the command of Lieutenant-General his Royal Hgh. ness the Duke of Cambridge. "13. The whole brigade being thus formed, Her Majestiy Will drive to the ground, and be received at Hyde Park. corner by the Field-Ytrshal Commanding-in.C'hief and Staff, and the militayprocesson, as established forreviews by the Queen's regulations, will immediately be formed to precede Her Majesty. "14. On the arrival of her Majesty -D the saluting-point the troops Will present arms, bands playing, &c. "15. Her Majesty will then proceed down the line, and retur to the saluting point from the left, without passing along the rear. "16. The troops will then march past. in quick time in open columnDD, the consolidated band of the brigade playing, 'See the Conquering Hero comes.' "17. Alter re-forming the original line of colums, the, troops vill advance to the 'Royal Salute.' " 18. The Crimean battalions will then proceed to their barracks, and the resti of the brigade to the new quarters assigned t) them. " 19. The order of march to be observed at reviews performed before the Sovereign, as laid down at page 250 of the 'Regulations for Field Exercise,' is to be strictly adhered to. "20. With the object of not interfering with the viom of those on foot, no person on horseback car be admitted within the railings of Hyde Park, except those named in the order of march, the mounted officers belonging to each battalion cegaged, and the cavalry regiments employed to keep thbe ground. No private grooms, with the exception of those of Her Majesty, are to be admitted on the ground. "21. The place of entry for persons on horseback wil be the bar at Hyde Park-corner; all others to be kept locked, and no one allowed through the bar without a ticket of admision from the Quartermaster-GeneraL "22. No carriages to be allowed inside the park except those of the Queen. "1 23. Previous to marching past Her Majesty, all mounted officers not moving with the troops, with the exception of those in immediate attendance upon the Sovereign, Wll talke pos at camp colours placed opposite the saluting point, on each side of the band, under the direction of an officer of the Head-quarter Staff. " 24. Persons on foot only will be admitted into Hyde Park on the day of tho review of the Guards bgy Her Majesty. All the gates leading into Hyde Park will therefore be closed against the admission of carriages andpersons on horseback. " 25. The ground wil be kept by the 2d Life Guards, the Blues, the 3d Light Dragoons, and Mounted Police. "RICHARD AIREY, Quartermaster-General "Horse Guards, July 3."
ROYAL ITALIAZ OPEBA. It seems fated that the opera of n1 X omatore shall retain possession of the stage at this theatre, in the face of all difficulties. No sooner does Signor Tamberlik set out for the Brazils than a new and admirable representative of 3sanfico presents himself in the person of Signor Mario, who maintains and even increases the popularity of Verdi's best work. AnLd now, whilo Mademoiselle Jenny Ney's departure for Germany threatened to deprive us of a L,eonora, another-and we may say at once a better-has been found in Madame Beai, who essayed the character last night for the first tune in London. A more effective performance of 1llTrovatori, from the first scene to the last, has rarely been heard than on the present occasion. Our business, however, is merely to say a word or two about Madame Bosio, whose success was decided beyond a question. Leonora being in a great measure an acting part, even those most coufident about the vocal qualifications of adame Bosio had some misgivings with regard to the purely histrionic effect she might produce. AUl doubts were, nevertheless, very soon disped. From the outset the accomplished songgtress entered into the dramatic concepton of the character with a spirit scarcely anticipated from one whose forte has hitherto not been recognized in that peculiar direction. Nor was it merely a forced display of energy, got up for the occasion, to be dropped at convenience, wlhen dexterous vocalization might be counted on as an apology for everything else. On the contrary, whlat ws began well was as well sustained; and the last scene, where Leonora die2 from the effectsof poison, self-admiaisteredS was by many degrees the best and most effective. There wals no attempt at high tragedy; but the whole was natural and forcible-not a single point being overlooued, while nothinz was strained or exaggerated. That the mnsic allotted to Leonora should be perfectly ex;ecuted, was not surprising. No less indeedwas expected from 1adame Bosio. Tho arina dintrata-recitative, andante and caaletta-was sung with the utmostbrilliancy, ands.llthe concerted music-duets, trios, and fl2uzJcs-with moso than sual efficiency. The " Miserere," in which the air fromthe tower was given with exquisite feeling by Signor Mario, went better than we ever remember, and was encored with aeclamations. The duet with Manrico in the last act (or rather trio, smce the strains wbich proceed from the lips of the slumbering Azucena-so sweetly sang by Maaame Nantier Didi6e-form a part of it) surpassed all that had gone before; and in this powerfully wrought scene, the masterpiece of its composer, MIadame Bosio proved herself a worthy conapeer of SignorMario-than which higherpraise could not be bestowed, since inthe third and fourth acts of 1n Troratore the performance of that gentleman is on a par with his greatest achievements in other operm. The audience-one of the largest of the season-was thoroughly stisfied with the new Leonora; and B Troatore,thanks joMadame Bosio and Signor Mario, may be said to have obtained a new lease of public favour. There was an enthusiastc recall at the fall of the, curtain, when Hadame Bodio aud Signor Mario camue forward, bringing with them Madame Didee and Signor Graziani-who had been complinented with the customary encore in his favourite carattna, "'l balen."
THE B30AT ACCDENT AT N-EWCASTLE-ON-TY .-- The bodies of seven of the unfortunate persons drowned by the upeetting of a sailing boat upon the Tyne, near Teweaizle, o:n Sunday nighs have been recovered ; five of them were ronmoved to the dead-honse, the other two -were taken to therr homes. The accident appears to bave been caused by theee having casge of the boat alowing toomrany persons to getinto it. The boat had been with her gunwale nearly level Ii the water, and assoon as the women roes to their feet, when the swell of the steamer came into her, she had upset. 'he ems and ces of the unfortunte people drownin in the ter bad ben fearful in the etne,'and great credit is given tothe old scuhlesaLn, William Coope, who sucoeeded in h!inging fiv persons ashore, for he apam to have been the only person in the craft upon the iver who attpted to save the unfortuna" peopile fom pGa:ing
HEII AJZSSY'S WZHATW- I "2 To many of the youniger patrons of operatic enteieT. ments, a grand baW4et, on the old scale of in;alfioe.ce ia seem a phenomenca of a erompletdy novelidad. %omse yua, ago the London seaon would mot haye tbreted 't&a customary respect if it had bee lloie topu aw without the prodtuction of a stately Terpihorean 4"IgL tacle,-a combimtion'of gorgeous scenery, picturesque oW tame, sparldingImusic, and, above all, trasondat dancLW ; thatrshould drawalltheworldtolookatit,and,whenitglgorio ,, had set, should leave all the world talking about it till o new marvel had expelled it froimi emo,r. tely, bo*E ever, there has been a gre#t change in this reepect; da has become a mere supplement to the vocal part oD sn operatic performance, and, underthe ompound nAMu of "ballet-diverti_sement," a slight sort of piece, with just enough plot to distinguish itfrom the "ddivertissemerV properly so called, but utterly devoid of that concentratioA of varied effects that belongs to the "grand ballet," baa been allowed to supplant its more august predecessor. For tne revival of the grand ballet 'with all its iirisWl11e attributes it would have been impoesible to seloct a moment more favourable then the present. Not only is there-r" we have already stated-az rising generation thtcan scarcely have seen a first-ra'e baRe at all, but even the veteran5 will contemrlate vwith satisfaction the return of a form of' entertainment which was such an abundant souarce of pleasure in old operatic times. Thus, even if a- grand balct,i without 1Lnown antecedents, had been announced last night, the expecta' ins of the. Jsuitiisf would have been of no ordinary kda. An additional simalant to curiosity was, however, given by the circen stance that the particular balet of the season w'A kinown to have created at Paris an excitement almostvitIpi 0out precedent. Le Corsaire, written by ]SUL Saint-Georges and Maillier, andt produced at the Acaddmie o. the 23d of January, kept the French capital in i state of chronic furore till within the last few vweeks' and even tlhen it was merely withdrawn because the engagement of Madame Rosati had reached its teunination,' All 'aris, duringthe first half of the present year 1S56, W4 sounded with the tfiumphs of the daasesuc and the terrors of the shipwreck by which the story of the pirate is brought to its catastrophe. Iast night this same baUct, with a simila shipwreck, and the Eame premiarc danseusc, was presented tf t.e British public, who might recollect that the first great success of Madame Rosati was achieved at Her hlajesw' Theatre. When I3L St. Georges and maziier constrmuted their book Tlhey evidently went to work after a recent perusal of the Corsair of Lord. Byron; but equally evident is it thatb wlhen they had read the poem, they carefully closed the volume containing it, and resolved to make a"corsair" of their own. The similarity of three or four names, thel retention in the drama of a single Byronic incident, would serve to show their reading; and in all essentials they were determined to display an imagination thoroughlg unfettered. Their-work, as performed last night, was, in; some respects, shortened from the Parisian version, chiefly with a vsew to accommodate that distaste for long action ina a balZct which is among the characteristics of the :English puablic. The first scenerepresents the slave-market at Adrianople, where Said, the Pasha of Cos, intends to make a purchase, but can find no article to his liiDng except Medora, who is not a slave at all, butt the free ward of the slave merchant, Ynsuf Lanqueden. Yusuf, however, is not a man to trou. ble his head aboul; nice distinctions as to the rights of woman, and, therefore, on the Pasha making a, reasonable offer he agrees to sell his lovely ward. An unforeseen obstacle hinders the completion of the bargain. Conrad, the corsair, who loves and is beloved by hedora, is at thle market with his daring crew, andl exchanges telegraphic signals with the object of his adora. tien. The sudden abduction of lMedora, the slaves and the merchant Yusuf himself, by the marauders of the Arehid pelago, puts a stop to busimess in a manner that utterly confounds the Pasha, The second scene represents a marine grotto, to whicE Conrad conducts his lovely prize, promising himself a life of domestic felicdtv. Bnt difficulties soon arise. By releasing the female captive.s at the instance of Medora, whose will, of course, is law. Conrad offends his lieutenant, Birbanto, and several of the band, and they are resolved to get rid of a beauty whose influence is so detri. mental to the coimmon weaL A narcotic bouqut is' prepared by the conspirators ftr the nostrils of the chief, and is presented to him amid the deliphts of a pCtit SOlp' bgyMedora, who little suspects the uischief she is doin, and is greatly surprised when she finds herself seized by a number of masl;edrufflans, and consigned ta her old guardian, Yuan!, who has entered into an arrange. ment wvith Birbanto, Medora is conveyed by Yusuf to the garden of the Pasl4 Seyd-represented in the third scene,-and arrives there just at the moment when the Harem has severed itself into two factions-namely, the partv of Zulems, a stately ladf, who exercises a sort; of doubtful supremacy, and the panry of the reckless Gulnare, who captivates her master by.- setting hini at defiance. Peace is restored by the presentvi tion of 1,edora to the Pasha, for she eCipses both the cor. tending parties. ConDrad, however, is at hand, disguised as a dervish, and attended bya band of trustyfoilo wers sim!. larly accoutred. The holy vestments are soon cast aside, tb3 pirates reveal their true character, and bledora, it appears, will, be once more re.tored to her faiuaful lover, when Conradis overpowered4by c superior force, made prisoner, ancl condemnedto death. This incident is the only one in the piece that can be clearly traced to Lord Byron's poem. The Pasha's apartment is the subject of the fourth scene; Ifedora has obtained the release of Conrad by consenting to ecome the bride of Seyd, and now coquets with the olt dotara till her lover appears at the window, when she effects her escape wit'h hun by pointing a brace of pistols at the Paha's head. This scene is much shortened from the Prench original, in which the Pasha, intending fo mary Medora, finds that he has marnied Guluare instead. The fifth scene is a complete novelty in the way or theatrical effect. The boards are covered by a rolling sea, on which floats the corsair's felucca. rloating vessels oan carpet seas have been seen frequently enough, but the pecL. lianty of this felucca is that it is large enough to contain the whole of the corsair's crew, with ledora and a number of dancing girls, who execute a pas c'cnsemblc on the deck, while amoving panormma at the back of the stage denotes, the progress of the voyage. In the midst of the mer. riment the noise of a tempest is heard, the ropes are crowded i&th clambering sailors, and amid flashes of light. ning and peals of thunder the huge vessel, vwith all its. crew, struggling to the last, sinks into the water. However, before the curtain falls the figures of Conrad and Medora appear in a place of safety,-the only persons preserve1 amid the general destruction. This awful catastrophe comes as a striking contrast toe the early part of the ballet, dunn" which the stage is perpetually crowded with all the lightest and gayest forms oE Oriental attire. The graceful assemblages that appear be. fore the mosque ind the markeplace of Adrianople, intha. cave of the corsair, in the harem of the Pasha, seem to cona slat of unsubstantial gauzy beings ho live but to fall inte elegant groups which they form with milifary precision. A. so-clled "npas d'iiventail," in which each of thel cospos dc bcllet holds ES fan made of peacocks feathers, and unateswith her companions in creatncgavaiety of beautiful combinations, is one of the happiest collective effets eve. achieved by choregraphic art. The tasteful choice of colours in the costumes of the drseuses (executed cndor the superintendence of Madame Cossere) contributed nLot ae little to the picturesque character of these elaborate groupsc As for s ademoiselle Bosati, othing cann he more per! eca than her impersonation of Medors, w;ho, f farom being the sentimental being imagined by LSord Byron, is a lively creature, whose very soul conints in dance, and who cap. tivates every heart by her fairy-like evolutions. Thie. ethereal bounds tlong the stage in the "pas d'cvenetis'' are marvels of effortless power, while the sportive gambols with which she cajoles sometimes the corsair, sometimes the Pasha, are exqmisite displays ed mimetic art-the very poetry of coquetry. A. growli which she forms with, Conrad, by leaning over hIi like t Hebe, and filling his goblet from the tiniest of flagons, ic of itself a study, ancl the manner in which with extendeo pistols she keeps the Pasha at bay in the fourth scene is a grand exploit of the lI.ddllc kind. whI Roazani, as the t corsair, and his Danty, as the Pasha distingishedthemselves respectivelywas serious and omis mimics, and some very pretty playful steps were exeVuted by Mademoiselle Hoes, as Gulnare, who is, howvever, lees inmportant in Londoni,han she was in Paris. The excellent paintings by MWr. Marshall and the music by the late x. Adolphe Adam-the last he composed-give t.he final touch of completmenes to the bealutiful and elaborate speC. tacle. Ls Corsairev wa precededhy Ccaercalofain whicha Madae Alboni amost excelledl herself, gaining an universal ecoaal for her "Nlonpin mesta" Signor ROESsi a newbuffo singer, endowed with more nuctuous humour than any dbssussst who has been seen of late years, made his first appearance as the stately Don Mlegnifico, whom he attired very suoup. tucasly in the costumne of Louis XIV.
MUSICAL UKIOZ7Y. The performanlces of this thriving and commendable i6i stitution were brought to a close yesterday afternoon, w1sei an attractive pro a mmie drew a brilliant and fashionabl% a0udience to Vllss'slooms. The quartets wereldozart's i B fat (from the set of three composed in Berlin), anct Beethoven's in E flat, No. 10-one of the most splendi4 chamber compositions of the great master of the orcheetctZ The performers were Signor Sivori, Mr. Cooper, HerrGoffrii [ho has succeeded the late muchreret-ed r. TIlT aw prin cipal tenor), nd Signor Piatti. Both qnartets were ad. nivbly exaecuted, the last and most dificult especialiy- little more natural lowr, and simplicity of erPression, beis desirable in the less flghty and imaginatlve music o Mfozart. The pianiste was ldA Charles 3R11&. who gave one of the mnost highly finished readings we remember to the ma-iifi. cent sonata of Beetisoven-inC (Op. 53) dedicaed to d;IMu Waldstein. It was really gratifying to f5nd such fine iDg and such grand music so weU appre:iatedbyanaudl. (nce, too, chiefly gathered fromthehigber .es of o n' who. whatever they may have Lnown about the other artS, were for the mot p urt util very lAtely-wer aA& inaa" niR until the Whiament of the M[usical Union-amp.u ihing buat well acquainted with the claims of m2;. is ns at appealing to ihe higher faculties- XL BaU6 aIa 1yed a sentinentals noduy, of Cbopiu. and tbe firA ca 31lendelmoh'x s teEty preludes (Op. 35)-both with mis 0CUAarned sucoess, Ajithih we must co0 .. tht -we dWW4 } ra prefered the prlmde a litle quicker. Alfogeter this concert forMed a worthy eon ij tiel2kb and one of ie meat rOeU so f Hluical Unies.
SALES BV ATT(PTTN- Jlo Carnenters, Builders, Cabinetma3:ers, Ceachbullderg, and others. -Timber gerchsnt's Stock.-Charles-street, Eampetead-road. W. t. C-LASIER iEi instructed to SELL by AW UCTION, on the PremiEes, en above. on Tuesday, July 22, at 12 for 1, the CaDital dry audwell.seasoned ST=OCK; comprifing 1,1C00 et nd secOnd Wne and pirne Dtank. 300 beet nd second plne deats ani battensr, 3C00Crsta yellow and white deals.,6,500 feet Cabs and Hfonduras soalbo"anyinbonardr of rarioe s thiclknesses, 220 equarsewbhite and ye1low ftoor ,oards, IZOOl0feet wide pine panel boar-d, yellow and spruce quartering,k. 3& v Mabe eewed tbe ds Drior and morning oE 1eal and cetelegueS had on tbe prem3ssss; at Garaway's and of the acin3r41 baring-cross. Tust- clasa Wine and Spirit E6htsLtsment, ILsmbesh-meth. 1MirESSRS. BARTON alnd SON will SELL by AUC1LLLTION, at Garraway's, on WelneEday. Juy10 at 12, thevalu able LEASE and GOODWILI, wvit possesion, hd for a teen of which 1at yea.s were umexpireoztmwhlast.oft.eTBE,CO PASSE3, meet centrally sitNate in tbe busiest part of the NeP-cu' pimbetho andheldt the mederateDrsntof to0 peralnUm. ThesO knowlcdn duperlerity Of tbhe etuationtof this houoe,sand its Inoat1 capabTiohestn good handa, must at ll tim es commandone of the most extensle trade I of anY in it immedtLLe bicinity. The preNises may be vTewed 10 days prior to the atese and particulars hadof Resofs ownal, Son, and Croes, solcitors, Staple-inn. Holborn aind at the uct.ones offdcer,, Cheltenhamaplane, Westminster-road, aigmbeth ToaButchers. aurniture-dealers, and others. ER.G.H MARTIN is inlstructed by the Pro- 1 pricetr (bnt to proceed to AustrallaJ to SELL by AUCIION, on the Premises, King-t eIt, Bat'eniea, on Taesda, Jule i. at12 the liEASB, with possession, of the aboove desirable PltEMISll , tegether with the (toodwvill of the old-establishedi Buslness, for many years carried On terei;u alsothe ftutem and implementsit tade useful psup, twvo carte, household fumniture, and Liundry.effecta The psem rain maiy he tiewed any time prior, and the efects on the morning of slge. ataeloudes on the premises, andat Mr. t , H. e JMarti omeer2 05 and 86, Cocos-treet, Smoith3el1, where the lease my be m- erected. To Cabinetmakeres, Iramilses linroising,and otben jIjfE. IEAIDING Mill SEL L by AUCTION on thie ltJ Premnis, l, Pavemenlt, Pinshu,own. OQonda , Jnlylw an1 follown=$d3y,at2feacch day,the superior STPOCK in AiE of ISlr. Thomas dgark, cabinetmnaier and upholoterer.who isretiring from business, compsrisaghendiom e wudobra;o bedsteads, whtands, bed room. Dri1n3 end dining room. furniture, bubi cabints, book:cues ;blbrary, dimng,~ lo~~wurk. and of:hertabled; chimne,}ier, and dresig glaes; onrr.y ra6sels, and Hirldermtna;ercacpets; DYlf.k chintz, maoleskin, clot.h, and otrher table enTers, and a large quntity of rr cappertsining to thetrade. May Sle viewed twvo clays prior, and catalogues then lbad, On thme premies, . nd of the auctitneer, 26, rq'ow Brea-sreet, city. MESSRS. PAGE ~~.nd C40 4MON. bive ,been' a...fasoured with intuai 0 to ELL.by A.UCTIO'I st the Ma neaLr the Batnk of En,gland. on Fity, July 11, at ii Oclock., (unlee.presiousrly dIspoee of by nrivat3 oontract, of-whichi due notica wil be ivren,) a valuable sand bignly attractive. PART FREEHOLD and FART COPYROLD ESTA.T kf hnown as Marians, situ&te lna6healthyneghZbuuhour,od. near the village of Flatte;. andleaving fSno views Of the beautIful surround ing country, outly 11 miles from tfydl-pack-cornerhland. within an cak~ distance of Stations oni the Lmndonlanld Norli-Wesoternand Great Northern Rasilways. It corsPrises I desirable residence Standing in its own ornamental grotunds. with kitchen garden. orchardI, detached stabling, coach-house at,d other outbuldins, nd bot t aces f sperorpark-like Meadow lamd. niAUringIONe. atthe reidence ons beriewed by card, ta belualetainedo th aouctifoner anre. paxtisugrol and conditions of Sale, with Plans annexed, had 110 daysrprioertoish e) eve asdrso.,eredithtoReeve. andew., azlctr,8 e-qae, Linacelo's-ltn; at the Rir;Z fMasrs: Iand ofc Cmesron. PaeandCtseo,ln agents amdsndos 4,~ surveyors,et.Ol Brad S. Albet.and'St.Abnssdlae,es Frehl Rnleatre Ierts.adSury MESSRS. PAGE aind XUAB[RON wall nSELLctby toSL yAUCTION., at the Mart. on Fiday, July 11, atvlubl ePOT lofa W FREEML)BUILDIRNG CHARGESw.t of cha prd garsten a .-brnostut i. n thel centredo tre vtilharg of Eltre therwoecn lamin aben fouracres r"tcl adcniinso ae ith ilns,maybeharadisofiMeauref Merdt eve susatand brCeb.l firteehold dNewi-eq-huase, situWncelueto tthee MStr o. oflMen's,ert. eg ands Cnamper en.htie agent andsrge orse, p1, OldumBroad-tree,nd bySte. FetoCtrehamomolditealnt 'econetyosfdSurrey. uftinwl LeJrotooSELLtbytAUCofsale.at tte Rpart, nFiduarsmJuy beobtatnce. craofdhomaGoeed, dated sothiJanury, arnot saynd of thesa PagheJanuar Cmeeryn yer.and loetsaninduoe survyostantld Bricd-buitret freehold dwelban7s.ue,staei Srne-tet t Abn el.Lt2 dated 1st January w86, k-aLeehalf-si,ert-y,o the ost eanuar and let- meas o aehae o th countyof Serrey Conditich'Knst. rtaPen on gthesorun jxA/FESSRS. PaGEad6M R Nwl ELb built double rne,cre SOtn!RMSS ie n en th nserm ufc21yeas, atth rentalb AUTON.  atpeeannum, one p!reises maye vtiiwed baly pernis-bieno thellinbouestan partdcularandrcondi eetid. sofaatehato th. chauner,o Req.,arkstreet and Grao'-tn-squre;t lattherMr;n of 72ret.Th re. Pag anditof. damero,landagentss and ear-. 1eor, 6en.a01-stroe;a d-street, frodt.d hpA nddnts's,hie,20 Lrowngeaeholdt theoinertyofPDunst,adrmmsorn. aneaCr3worichret aent 4 o1blJronted. shGp and p Cmies, 1. rown-t wkitEh byna ten1rAUCTION,datjo the Mat,ewo! onnriay Julding atw 12 by diStio of thie Mortagere, inextwoelots Tidsumer astEHat grou NGIoSE,stut nd bntfX54.pranr,ceingo allo d30 alnd 31 Frtoedperik Hbwkins eand Tanstt atrentsio amYeneeinlt rack pert. anum The 6 prerisemayeviwed byoee Iesnfthe tenants, aud psrnartiu and, coditono saehd atthe nat of l ssprio. tLonghesare StordJfesr and Logore, soicitors aleefod 'of Mreses, omasonuad Surt. soictes,7, Gohas vire t; and ofness PaeadCmrn landcrete nd urvrer. 6, Od r.adIstreat, agnd t. Aan' S.reos CA.. instrucin tof Db AUCION, aet teMrt nFrdy the d susanilly beric-ul awli~hn n hp hro Toheronit aisbinsgoa torthetformerloy 30 eetfan a ftront age to h tenenent nd es adoinig; te whoeSleten, buildiningles finina term f whih 34 eare ece uorpid ratmisummtcernlst, -atera groaund rentso 2 s e uu,cerc all dedctions bium,ocupid Tre pemsaa evewdb enteo of theo_~ bo. teantcuas, awdpati cuSmtd n Sa,sittorsf. 16. m Seth mplon-steetonBsomabitry: ltte, Masut;odoMae,Pgan Cshren lfand agncts and Msureyrs,g 61alnrodsre. odn ndIStnAlbn's Oelds.3-tee,ao t ToFroswsing ahley-tagble Bvstsut o atr bot4 S S.PAGE and CATNIP K will SELL by IN ICIN, at the Mafrt, on Friday. July 18, at 12,i TEtwo neat anOdeorablediu PLETSEhOf PRE ihULLiliU, I thatLeaNt. loaityat Uppe Clpten Midleex, t aconenin itance fom theehigh rafroad towadsn Stoamfrd-bill,d aihnda onlyofou nail fromlondn.t Sthei eas aceshote ciatNoty,eth heailytgthiessrnwicthurestuentiallrack-buoflth loanEltyeadth crcasof ablsltnd0ratho nihboure ihood, egrehouthe propetyabig cotnanbe ofiene,ants uathe uLwrs areodiin No.3.salwc-er-a race R north,tan, Esg. Sn, Soiatrwscl0-,te'racetoote, buitliniu dIating Mand drawinMesm. fourged and twmeon drsindgeroos. kitchenos, wtr Olarostgadtrdent, and S. Aotha:sconveincs let t-hgl apcsl tenats atX ther raJectmv rents ofe Re5. 13,9r3pe enur. and arehel Rat aRoundt etoaL freahhus atcuas iheu MESSRS. PAGE and CA21EROIT -will SELL by MLV AUCTIO.N. at the 3t,rt, on Fridayr, July 18; at 12fo , in tonlts 1tWO dvelsicrabedPLOTSOf DREEB TcfE IperLannuLm, sitiguate Londo toe rnet, And wubithinasmie ofd the corner-hdtelStations ond athe Gratjoingsiratem Railway;eingeths 7erwit a, Cubtarnztilyrick-burosv andr elated caras of cldeatseond-lratePhcue.mith onach-hose,wand Atbln ayobetviewed, and atiulone sa codtinhoeal a of.W. 11.Prse,I, soWIcitor ha Beceioad-istree-uciodngs atrth Old hoad-strees, and St.aleao'SEL adbarreCTt.0,ath rt Ren of50perannm, iththeRevein a tes end ofhl 1respectabl the Reck RentaLi to 5t yarofhe ~jfESSRS. PAGE and CA1I1 to ha ofl MsELL byll .ValabeAUColtIO,ae h Met, onj t'ilev JuLy18, atn 12North,n oest lo.aWa.-eue I"POVDT REs drcftd per annhe Trisingeou of the Salsasto SEL ubyic-hUse,IaNd a the ornrdwelIg-oSe DAYd snap 9 adj2 'oinig, itua re ot,teha. eengNv A7' `Es8 CeRlestect.Grose wIlOtoexpire atldicbaslams, 1S7 to iglwa Steetacko tenrants, b athren Lononands torth-Wesperun arm,ay asdhed for a un0erwiredter ofn 541 yaear frock Layda,384 th ot-astea ground rn ofl 6ta ernginum thhnme oremisesmy bee vewedbby prsermissindo thebl tenants, eandf patclars and c herrbrg.Prtclrelonditions ofagl affMsr.Sot a a,sliciorsb16 Suhampton-stret;o. reoomaburyStewa-d.aDavies and Edwards, solicitolns. Leominstel,sHeoefoedssmrR:oatthe boast: end of Messes-,elac HandtCamront, Slandoentrysquandeur.e-5ft l r3-gt n t About esiolu toe900 Rvrintow Money IntheaFunds, 1~U.W. H. HEWITThis recive yintrutin Trusee .LV.L terusotee Sl oSELL by AUCTION, at ti a THIS DlAY, TulIS DtAY July 9,lats1, tn oe Oalo,te ABSOLUTE REVERSIONt ettoe1,5 in . t de samcontels tandign theC,0o namesue uof ighly respetabl detruseeslaedyreceivable5onthe-dethofhealady, Iarth ithuyar oan heral aePatulrancodtions of sole stay hatatthehadt of Mess Bl.Sesar. Bal, Stewad, and Llioydroictr. 49, Linsols's-nnafdeldo: of Messrses.r Brh Beepr.rn Bitc,nd Vntly an haey,scitors. CS. Lincoln'siunn-aelds ;ada h atthnecMart Offdcat the Eauc~tionesolias1,Hrtteet, Blooernsyqure bury-square.Preeim MIRW Y H. HEWITT ias dreted bysthectrons tee r toSELL by AUTIN at the Mart. THIS DAY. iy9 t1 July 9,aT12occ, PRSN Three' lte, the VICSOLUTE of GVRSIN A also GOOD,150 ONFcsitghamteinae ailwa:r Satok.egoarnte yofethe londe onre Noth-n womesternmRailway,W and to 5,750o FerseresCnta daedm Stoci the w no erthi-Eaternuy eailway,al.tanin inTherensame ofrhig-hlyure pcand trustees, and rheceivlablue on the deathg ofay lad cubn sin the 50th year oftberage. Particulers wnacndtin ofsae maya bhe Mar ; f . Bthusf MEasq. Boeepr, BivrEh.Inram.ti ate Whor l elytv Oaficetrect, Hartooret,bloo-sqar suae e AbouEd Reeso ital,00 Fnawy Restde-e, wion mostgeg of. ettso 1MjR. W. H.EHENITT is drectiedb intutieoTrstee tEforalr oEe yAUCTION, at'theeStart,THIS DAY,-ly9at1 J'clock, amot~ dnhee os eauble AOPIIOD OLUTTE, cnisingESofNtcpi talsu of-l residenc,mostaml Bsecurbedzucn, vagily duable eStateoindted county ofn grunds, lon thea ousumtoft3,500, aloful secured upnd anestateednbthe samae ounty;fand to era 10.scread uporn 2louses. in oothetns nof Rugby, eittegconty ofain Wrwoick 'pthe whoe bing inom then nams Yf rutesofth highe'stRya r Hotetblt, ond Threceivabjle en the deat ofi ah adyemowo h Ihya fhrar.Priuasadcni ionsi Dof slemaybehaLdonAt dtahedMart;of Messr.delle SitewGard.end Llod. slicditors,49,hincln's-inutn-earlds;of Messrs.Beeper.mirch, Rngram, Hoted WhTel mouitoh, 6on Litndaln-isJulys and at theo ithafeligiblre CuchIe fres,Ket FPH Fe Sjupe WITT Ihesrtmereived d isrtionsh tol AUCIT7ey eiON,l arpet the Mat . I DAl thawedyt 9Mati12 theeieno NETaREeNTAot-IO to tIre VmIpaRGE of GeRAEE. closer taotesea and nearmandtgextnsvedwsofy, ea herie Teamedagjhoueand countces, and therg toal valoue a r1p oftelvn may be estimaUtedatPabtoute70 er dmUelu Pecatbion undngerLo0.thetaootaunbegtbintontea58h earnofhisage. Tb ese-ticas'no maytbe hadatiothe Mateofe B.nnathumaq, Req. soic diterlyFavdsn and fo abt Mrd.nHewitt' oTices,a1 Haprt-etrety Bdimtntolyonquaee.llmhfvonetrn Plc fTl ot.-Caeiven Fmily esIdeoce,uay withdpsixfrometh markt twnyoNetonAbot,andth Mart.entsa DaYe Jporuliy 9. at 1 o'clock, sumartamdede otanei fo CO 2OL)esTAs,T7, er astndGofa Eapi. TeliacoulhreSidencDe,rkown.asfrillihne, Residencefo sitae,su r.ounde byisRowngrodt on the outskirts of Exdy the ton f dgwae (and ofp-y A J:that detsirabl and deliaMlfu]ly situate Resi-]deuce, knownsasNo-.!.Den-terrace, ou ting the Den promenade and t7he sea, and clos to the'ascembly and relading rooms ; comprising dininrom drawn r oom, lbrary, bathroo,m,vestibule, edentranoehal, s exelentaeh an dessng oosm,spacious and welt-arranged dometicoffi; aso fou-atll sabl-In coach-house in theo rear. Alsoall hatdetahedTenement,i the rear of the preceding lot, whih i sutabe or omnodluscoach-hour,s and stables, wihrooms over Th abve ee eldfoe the retnainder of a term of 99 years from let anury 429datrmlable On the death of the survivor of three femaeligg~ getreepctiely38, 37, and 32, at a ground rent of 1l iGs., wheeof1Ito wll e hared n he ncdene,and6me on the tenement AplytMeM s, ozeando,,oliline,Teigu mouth. W8iiouoth.-by Mr. AMLLEDGE, on Wednesday, the 27th day o-f August. at Luoe's Royal Hotel, Wveymout s, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, (unless an acceptable oifer shall begpeviouoly uSkda by private tet.by direcmen of the Execut-ors of t e lateWos. Tarton, Req., ALfOMPSct MaIrine Villa Residence, w-ith gat'aen .C3ieothouses,anidgreenhousesadjoining, Ilesming aimostunique anm'I ordtired residence.admirably adapted foes small family, and combiniseg the advantages of entire seclusion and pri1vacy ins the midst of the rniled society of this saubrious watering-paese. The hosas,which wan bUilt fde year agowitlh much taste and regeerdless of expense, stands irLp1oesuregrotnnd of above an acre, eleazatlY lad oat with well seleitedsowersane shrubs, One of.the sittingrooms opens intosacon. servatory about 41 feet PY 21, ftfcked with chioice aend rare plazits. The tarnitsead Plartst mnay be taken at a valuation, at the oplUon of the e opmtyatlnGloceits sodge.freItaEt A ad Mgnuyt 'tthe .oe tmew beSold, i lol~a Dellng-ous, wth pacoussore- toems, used * a garenr'sreidece an stti~sn S. dar'aChureILr The residence The Gesorge the FoUrtis Brixto,n-bil, m the high road, to Croydlon. _M,.31AX1EIL {,ILOa1n is instruct6d to BELL by I G'"O-atsraWaY'g,o uxsadar, JuIy15. t 12,eileOry valuaLble LEASE and POSSESSION -at a trifliug rental,5o tho excelIlent PRtOPERtTY, knowu as aboTe. It is mnoat chetrifuIy si"tuae is in-the best state of rej,air. admirbly alrrad and inthe posessiOn of a trade of Clreat ra2ugiitude and profit. 'll a been tb's well-recognised charwe'ter ot the bouse for many ycars, and at the present time It ainply sustains Its high standing. Maiybe viewed on.. week V or to the sale, and particular hiad on the promises; of T. W. FIavell, .s., 21. Bedford-row isudl ihor heAuctioneer. 42, Blocenshory-aquare. ~~jf H. DANIEL CRON IN is directed by Mr. Henry1 ILLLoing wo i seisngfomi business to SELL:by AUCTION at isaa-3', o Tesdy,Jul 1i, at 12. the very valuable LEASE for27roe.wit psssson,ata owrental, of the ROYAL MINT TAVER, Padinstn. Tebuiling s dleeldedly one of the beat of its Ido, bthas o u rmarabl slidtyand its judiciosusrraogements Thesitatin my b inurrd fomits immediate proximitytothe busec potins f heterminus and which are daily indicating fresh mlarous o tride, the inere.sateg xetghbourhood and thocisgbfare.aad the wosilsustaniedt and long-emss,ablhed business. May be viewed one week pror to thee sa dseariiculais had; also at Garraway's of T. 8V.. Fveil s. 21, Bedfod-ro br-uareU. Eq 1 or-w; and of the auctioneer, 42, BloousThe Still Wief _Vaults, 2q05. S and 2. Barbican, Opposite t0 DixOn's Repository. MUR. DANIEL CRON IN wlll su.bmit to TENDER iTR it Ga=wayu'u, on July 15, at I. (for a rental without- psemhium,1 a LEASE of the commodious WINSE and SPIRIT VA.ULTS, know-n fur many years as Above, eind which have for aleng periodl maintained a meat exteusive and profitable trade. A sneressiBn Of cireuisctsmree has resulted in the premnises being elosed. and without fixtures or fuir. nituro. They offer now a most- favourable opprTtunity S or reGUMndg, in al is Inegrty, he radeforwhic th yhve been so long oels. hete. PArtIcuLas wihormsN ofsteder,a ehad at Mr. artaer' ofMes. JoSEsL and Sun, solicitoGrsMlmwan-ulTuesdand ofi the sue 1ionher 42,l It Blomabrysqaoe. and the aboemie maybES hiewed fon The-r.kbid We)ligous rirdttrceTe aiuto ofticheouseianduesioevnitsun dubtedily-streeofth To(teinbatheometropoli atr the cornerd of uanx iL SLLbyAUTIN,atGasway's on Tesdy, AuCTION,a em O abot1 arwyea-rshat 10 pe ursdannum. 17 Th anigborho a s vrye-t naeibboubly busseui nd VitheV camnl situatio ftehue irinatien -ilstoneubandiyl one of the tiest o inthemO etrools, for the gouniad ofntan characer,and u princ fullyjieswdbyeaveothe etonclsin.taydpaetiewed hand pslrshda Garraway's; o thoess.Mrina n remises aymnd-ofuheldstiose, 5 G Baloosn and ofytheaucine,42 losur-.ae Brmt-- ur,Kihtbig.Eligible Leasehold Investios et rmtn;Mdlsx %jRDANIEL CRONLIN will SELLby AUCTION, ILat Garraisay's,Coil on Thursday.Jly1, Juyt7 a th LEAEo a eryest setbeand well-uiltVILL RESIDENCEin, rpecgbystuatle,and pleisnt rNoe. Wes Brompton,sum'idee let to Mr Plo r.th rfentry Wilso fer anu auhlines,frterm of 6stears frm years.li~ at-the' goud rent of 7prdLU pner cmofMeannum. MMyb iwdblaveofte tewant.andrrticuloao th eat n atuashad at Garraway's;f s. atnaad Reid Y. Raymond-bulild-or 4lags.omGbuy'a.li;and;an of the auctioneer, 42, Btloombury-squsre. Bromtonsqure, nisstsride.Eigbl easehold luvadmnl landtaxfnl~Al.reev.b ane'.` A,R. DANIEjLCR:I will SELLbyAUCTION, MLLat Garraways, C on Thursday JulyN1 , at 12. the 0 LEASE fae APet ViDe and comoious RSIENE,eishm"omnibgly situate, nd ein Cho.ch,Broept,Lson-squove, tidduesex; let tonr HenryWiso frarn ofo a0 tearm of thre rean , ofrom0 pdehrls,16 an d heldr byc lease feealtornd termund of 6o bearsai fromLddy 1ti6, ato thme. Thoem prentsof 7. produinglat onticomsieofabl per ainlum.3gatayeriortotedtermisstionof the trenant, andpflrlatim Partiuas b had at Garrawa'; fMr y'.o,s.oliitr 4,e leabutinery-,ae and 11ofi tOe- aucioeer. 2 lonhr-qa VlalLeareeholdIMroeado Rental upon aWell-kownWien TsR. MANI]Ol CROIls wiLLl bEL byUATIO,tthe 3][LatoasHara't Co Tdor,ahf nThusdy JulY7, ath 12.lth byEdrce tfor nerl t70 yerus,e aft s gratd rebn ptof25per Fs annuAm, ofd the CALt-SUWiE and rpiri EsAblishLeNt, ciiiormmard, glysitn, in-Newo yetarg a otheirento 160 aper.stut atmo Dewhirhleasereveralbtoutsandsl ofrpouWndsohav ben paid romd toMime totiea. PThe uarhsr mayh plcelcuslae. one. coSpiderabl pEisi.n sltong Anteriortom,t trmuc tlonofMr the resnt sundeyr. leSe. Partius-lacra maynehd at th Giarraays:o Noe oossrs.rathle .wndTonss soitlicitors, Speclat's-ipa and Buife j/R. MOXON1 will ,SELL, byA U IO ,st the AcinI-f,o tNine ofdthe Tuste oft2 lte9 h taeR, a var wrbeFEH Lu SATle oldEN CLOsURE ofam richdencOW L:onasN abiaD os, with ocad garden,sndtw octtages oanaiseveag 17addcrs. sitn at Dedwoyethvrenn,rrs uabeout a ml riefromWidr,o the rrstladacto Teandchese t.n Partiulaed satio the plhe Westondasurveyor, 3.aSt.eMatin-lway Thelnd atshemaort.ndul Nrorwood, a urcontoi Cverysupeior Specultos endth Batiuilders.an plms re peparig- l MaELL, pat h A ie.ax,o Extisivge famlyo reidence, Gnownd aenCambinHue with gal I,vrdeons,t Houshi-s andI seeald h whdole,pindallneal seenl X0 aces.riaeo ann be.ingtbefirslaet sport, infthin aEhrtdstanofteloiteoWoo Church_~ . at mlfrmteXrytaNPlae and rcloeitoe a instracdiostio fon the Westend tdorystal palace talay he abv i-landhs imporTa nthdoul farknaet and pulcnan v0LeryTON suerorebrickearth.ly Priculars and phlasae estae ois g-Iundar oetinle-, andtce rpryfo.ae rnl ErLtecmpisesathe o rTehold Greeould greund routs, ecuredyvery excHuest fandl Land;, the whleae roduhcha neaD rly 760 perannum:fo benly6 theaa fIst portoni of th0 eaEstat of thelateh Heath, a mq., at an gr.ud,h M Xte rasirence o iv.edantr, nctosera romther re Exld ecutoI'rstocplurs the paboerirst-cassPRPET in themeniebr wholen esatis helouner ootetne titele,ndthean paropert fisorsuedatrinci phaly comprises the sneveral frehl ground mutlae, securedr byvaeryo anCgounds, the ln,natereinc o .Heth ,e Satind,eea onther free- hed ose. aOiulr arhrprng n nte A eantio e M1rt Cthreomonnerthe Three Bridges State,u teLno East Grnstead andirlhenRalwy R. MOXON wil SEL a h uto at ill 0"Tuesday. July 2. b directo ofNthE otae,sxaesf Easdt GrPImtaadRailwa. Partictlramof Mahwad ion, 30 6tr,3,Great George-street: and of the a uctionee.2 t Martinspae Lifeasied RSeversionary Interests i pato the Freehold Etaete o Newbs Grnge de. consty ofsurame, byP dri fMrtae R.IMOXON will SELL, at the Aucti on Masayt, re,Julay2. Ju lyt 23, s)omeimprtn PROPERTY,Tl inr thou tabove and therPROERTIS. Pniclaaof 25he an SAlmon. soli-n citor, 30,Grea Geore-stret, cst0ier Catmtebucione-Maret; Nn fSr oro. 3t. MEdrtns-lareet Mranahestr-square. Jj . O wUilE SELL atEth bart onCTIOesday, MIl. juya2.i lots,thesdfol3lowig3POPEtY.theldA Efolngtherm,v monight eetb. aSndr24 ad 26, SEnbgh.adm; 160.pCambridgesreet; t5. oreou -pfare, 3dneTrthbeok-streeds-Lr7.Cha,vngiweod-supt;an fo 76yands.ySomere-sresent- StoprGetorges--d.h- Privtber ohers for anyepars,t ra ver enteertaied previous tot-holauction. Particuarseat the Made sre,M No.2. edwsqurdesre, acete-qae IjR.5. FR-FERTERll USELL by AU CTION, a JSJ At heisgret Room,Wednesday.Juld23.tat, thew ESE ofs the, bover mos,thdesIrable2 asmall PRELLASES, adigabl placedIN incladigreat thnoroughfae, mand nea Fr thewest-endostuereis. haingtee ofccupmiedfor swdtret, Mancheonster-osbequar odees.n, n ohe uatti FU,,CH RLESRAWO willau ito SELLEby AUC- TON at the Mart,n Erkn on Weuesday, July 23, at 12 h vlal ROUNDT LaEAE, welbith lteso,o theE LDesirTAblGESIDENCwE,a No.-18. ornwll-trrac, posesinganThaeny fLrointagode.pwit-h stalta. eldof heCrothec a long term at-ah moeaR rendas 6 preant. Particulars ma ~ my be had of Mess ry arn n o.Gestm RusMsncbester-squararldo Fug sreitum3fromurivateahoses ond usndem r eeuion,and tsmPallt,oo Ste of anie Fixtry epsi n tory:i wtoutn reserve.ufctue 1 str. HEdR Fo STELL by illCSELL byth AUCTe,37 ION, (Thurday) the16th at-12, aquanityaflusful e LES modrn agael berdon tan. &. te xtocecnsists ofgRcaSES, pore runss.perumey,Walwrs, rba. Ch Weol.otldPr Wine.L Shaberry,iCstrupatead toaremove 3pR. H eNR OTRwl obiglodotermseLL, byAUdCTION,U TIOL at-'hs re at Room 410.o Oxord.-nHmptnstreet,na eh-qss alon ri roda,t -, atg12. ToanarlCELLuAR ofhig culass WatfE inprcludj ingha bin o there. modrnpFUy'PRNTURiE,bograed pin10fordttoofr Burmsarw'sd twoshtmetofDixo' oield ctmdernbgiamon erig and przelther quiantiies anStherr cAppeisaesis,oty bin o hooplegod a nd r- l sbrone, tofeleartin, Great GoerdonandGaret ' souhipping; ralst2 cased o respingStlch fas ~'r.TeWholesalre lyng axot Mr.ufooterisroms Can bUoerisec 1%PfR. HALE PUGHandSo ON il SELL by AUC- JJTIONZ.catthoPemBr. Inn Rakoing.on Tuesd0ayt Julyy15, at!o. consist of counters, neat of draw,ers furnaes, juice pans, melting tubs, &c., the whale of which, withevery other requisite for doing an extensive trade, must be sold, wdt-bent reserve. to clear the pre- mise. The convenientmianiufacurlag premises adaptedfor any trade requiring publicit of position, with great aoceEribiity,togetherwi.htihe residence, may be had at-a low rent, with the fixed plat. May be vi.-d-eday previous to tite sale, and catalogues had of the auntiner,Mess. Pugh and COD., 6, Blackmnan-street, SouthwarkL Mayfair, 26, Carzon-street.The superior modem Furniture, large Glasses, magnificent Cabinets, email Collcetioni of Rooks valuable Slares and Dresden Chins, Services, extansive Wardrobe of Table. and Bed Lance, Cacringes, Hlarness, and the whole of the Contents of the above Residence. COFURB b1egs to aunotince the SALE b ACO,on the Premises on ToeBda.Juy J1y5. and ta-n fo. lowing days, In the following order --The first day'$ sae wil cousist of the fittingsiof six bost and secoudery bed chambers tlse contents of the drawing rooms, of beautiful Tourney carpets, elegant steel and or-moulu fenders, tuhip wood centre, occasonal,-card, aedLother tables, marquteatei, etagUre, setof sflt-ooccasioal chairs. easy chaim, fautenils, sofas lounges. suites of splewlid peaxn satinwiDdsw C srkha costY tapesry ortldres, brilliiant lat iecr aad chimnle7 glIeS,I Talush-ee &lsres china mantel clocks, I=arsden and Sawres =m&laaornament, sand numerous ornamental Items. The valuable old'fQvre and Dreirlen cbiur. services, elegant- china, glass, plate,, and p1st-ed articlea, xittiuf of sdthefbters antr and sexraute hail. Tihe weooid day's salewitl incldetefunitre f tobatberooms, bed and,table linen; the dining room.oak faatuv,isi1lain a splendid Elizabethau sideboard, cabinet, dining tables sets of chairs small cella of very ch'oice wlsiqkthe appointiments of-theeontirsnoe-hall,-incty and ascordsur7s-ar case: thle requIsItes of the esr,aIte'odlces.miod She exocellet assostmen.-of coppers,moolda, and cuisine utensils: the towo-badlt carrages set Of harneis horse clothing and tallbiimp]ernaLa. The thtrdday'a ~ewilco~~e te eai2JVr of the Ped rom eniiic,th eiu tabe ai be lne, te~laaotgenalemu'be jWp.-PETER 3BROAD's -next--PERIODICAL SALE of FRIEE-HOLD. C pt~hId. aid. Leasehod ZSTA.TS, 3-erealos, .LIfe Poleimis Lzu. will ta. e place PA the Mast, on Wed,neaday. 23d duly iustaut. The particulrsof all propesrty intended for mse must be sent on or bxifoseo Wednesday. the 16th instaut, to Mr. Pleter Broad's city anctioni and estate agency offices 28. Poultry. jlNo. 25. Hormton-street. Kensingtcm P.I PLIER B3RO-AD Will SELL) ab.stiuely, at the art, on Wedneodar, July 23, at12. a superior LEBASHOLd) RE;SIDE-NCE exceedfingly well situate, held for a long terma, at XS is. grundLrent - let to a hil yrese ctable tenant,at 30 perannum. Certain and advantageous inave3tmnent. Parti-calars and conditions at the Mart, or of the nuctioneer, 23. Poultry. Ramcrs,ic.-1. oldssw-tcrac, Haommersmith lTew-rosi-.- Eligiblo Investment, PETER BROAD mill SELL by AUCTION, LVI. t the Mart, on Wednesday, July 23, at 12. a well-bull' modern IISaIDEN CB of 11 rooms, anat gardens front and back. delightfrully situate, 171, Goldhawk-terrace ; let to Mr. Ashi, nt -arent of S30 per annum, considerably below its real value; held for a long term, at a arund rent. Particulars of M essra. Smith and Son. solicitore, Barniard's-inn :at ihe Mart: or of the auctioncer, 28, Po-altry. ReversioctouaThir l?nrt of the Sumof 18,686 Consoleand ReducedI Annites-UrccredSal i to ol- laM. PETMEIBROAD, A Rverionto ne-nir of7,00 ConEols and 3. ne-Tird7,00 reducd Anuites.lat 2. A Rteversion to One-hirdof ,660Os. d, ike tsckAll eseiabloni the deotlh ot a lay osdiyea.s.Parisulrs nd ondtios o J.C. t'awIe, Eeq.. solcitr. , Nw-in, trad: ttIe ieal orof heaucti3neer, 23. A'eoloe Rverionto ne-oifof 3-Otirs of the Sum of 414.010. and to 1.8h o th Su of7,00New Three per Cent. Annuities, pa3yable on th et fald gd 32 years unreserved sale, by direction of MIjR. PETER BROAD 'will SELL, bt the Mrt, o withWutnesday,Jer2. at12 the M abt,oiledneaday.b RJVEIy,stOEIR28 INTE,afeSrS articunsesars paid condtheiosbofpa of Winceste Gra hamd thR oeq. 2 oleman-podT,Virvet:o essrst. inkriclate and Hclwoudi,-G buictroy Suln; at the Mart or of the auctioneer , 22a Poultry , tiou.-A,olut inheat. .sk otrak lII.PE TER BROAD -will SELL by AUCTION, tL~ihurese . tth art, on Wedneaday. July 23, atl2,i lt~th bv THELEVeN l HOtUS IMES, iut i ra Pu-otiadaro,lettle Pum-nou sdo.anea tenaon.tse, Borouuigh,13 Peroangum ao ne isainualenta the frehold0er,adtelnramim isequfalotoereeodmatirongdaoenan Th foru peripetalrenewl.art ofpthepropetby,ahdsepoenrentlyisbingoo an h hl e oroodairig teant. Paticlar and conditostfei.Siedav arwod busy; at'shae, Mart ; orofthe tanctienrfter. c 28. r. Poultry. deneslwih ar' Gytardes.Se tionv-Aetmnt. -Ablu. thar In ortgagnts. o o cua M11jI. PETER BRODwl SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, ona Wednesday, July -23, at 12 in FsiE,EHeaOLe ETHREE well-bmuil atwSiDnCe NoUr, mind7 are, let toEigelstre-, spotableng tvenntsd, froducintges33pe annm. oo. r0hlisn aned, blatd wofIe at60 per annuum. Heldb ofo ablong ten red at gound prenuts.Te esitation itarticularlyoneprenmadse;althy,tand otheproper Lmty s n oo repair. PNdioughby, and, anditiona, olfMesrds.-Sield an Haesrew;ood oftement's-oner, 28.y a oltheMrt,o fte ui-ne2,Puty Bealis, nar yth. L,ret -o.n, Grand Southmptone, Bedford-raouableFeeold stat. Arldocngb6n-terrae annu;crafeand-elgbmle invetmen.-AbolutnSae,t by rer o theMortagee,. drci'o 1~AII.PETR ROAID wfi SELL by AUCTION, LU at he Mat, onWednesday, July 23. at 12,a ilosP.fiREEHOLD peSraTE, coprcising aHtwine factoy,amillamos-eteetensivedsore_s,Y uitnklng,r rep ground riectaes,cec or aroeelofa richlyc,-clivted coachd hoth valusablefrntge of 12e feet, or44 thereabuts,mle atd thve Howuses of 1 Shper annm buenamtcapabl o bin ranc-ade reduametg;routper estat. Particulars ondth preditnse mat the Star Hotelw. isouhmton; lq of gt-tet tteMr;o f the auctioneer, 28. Poultry. o.br22, Vllastadh-Aroke- plar; o. , Gra Jm stet Befod-o_; hd.bydrcoofthe E xecutors of the late GeorgeiWaughinceq. lIf.PETER BROAD -will SELL by AUCTION, LE.at thelMart. on Wednes-day. July2.1,atl32.inlots,aFOURwt-las peranosumerio. spldaci b ees,d Great RESIECE-Src NMt6,efod-o, 7 nanomo.Partculrs nd cndiionsmayehdirctof W. Fiher. Roq., 1r.PETER BROAD wilfl SELL by AUCTION,% il,at thellMart, onlWednesday. July 23, at 12. in lor ota, FoURwl welbui tget, upr lr RsemiDEtaChed N 7IL RSI .adENCE, Nalo-tr.e5, 87 prafodingro243 penthtonum and propsemtyi-deutac uhed eidncea osup. land 2tl, fit fr im-e-Utrne; leuptionles, atc renals amouting to 169iz M5per mannm. held for along teroeamat low ground rents.Artclaso Eind condwtoldsnofuMessrn. Shups. ian Robensone, solicitonrs,Carter-l hourse-sqae; ofc Whp. Fisher,eq. 19.r doughy-stee, Fls-tekenburalsquare; ord of the auctioneer, 28, Poultry. Kets-o N otDiceton.S1 and yawrivte CntBdrectio. fte Isi ANCONPETER BRA il SeL byic taUtION,AD onFid.y,tthe alth onWedny.eda, buly23 atSP12, inf-urlotts, FOU weJ bito ntehEIECS o.7 ,, n 0 atn-street, Aepi R.sye StNfOr A i eiat occrupatio,ad et hhoo willo Freday,e 1 e anum; hel fo a bouleM t (unleass. ateioulow sound rets Piate EightLeaehold choustes Sandisbops, ind Itocbs-tet rixtoand-rowto al orala Hosesatind Shoe,situateo sms head-lth,anc, ff Eastostret,a AothNltCiey nleset exlettenanyts,eprlumugtr1 ofr annum PatJ.rticrander . codtioSsLL ofM hesss Wartson enidSas, soli ctitos 1 A ovri-tc Fleet-'R Street,ando 4 Hon.ame,oih aeet the Part; oen of the auctdeionbeer 2h oule mtry. uhsogtate oa liy tcn nsotipopof Sonesdb Pratw-at Contract. rom,a libray tW A CODr o begs toomsn guiventabe doethat the AD- hoseiswedObul of tie m ReGIeltYof, Strmerl andaptext Poreaenta tio tor alvnguin Ma noriwe wthernacouty,yadertisedonforfSaleb Aution. oni krds, slcthes 1th of July,-have been DIPS'teDofoso Mr.-OAnoena.8 S.John-street, Adelphi. Yok-dt, vowet`-aso beauifly dsituate in Rbants, dc%~wt 1R.ANCONA is institicted vtoeSExec,tons ofritay VI. Jlyt U, atn thsz. Mato (unLes prtevourly sold bay,Privte Conuact, the EAS OD OWSONDof the o.1 EC RY ofk-gat,RAeLeY beautifulley situate fabotSemily es frce Andfovr, withinmmoderate p rasiw. ay,sain bhe sotrraged is montisthealthy,pand offed rsxcllent soiety(,, Thein church is inbdmrablreyi, anO11O fbd there i rsagood schoo. Population about 110, ehollyeagriculetu.th eereys commuterderent. chmf-vargedff73os.,ardi about at4oa ndtye.btshlfo. n eparedticlrsmappl gutohe 40 oer tPgudresoeoelnt o Mper furhe a'to eorieMoaE. Anoa.ureorn, 8, John-street, Adelpbi. raesre,o Yokgt,Reul'epam.-Verydenable B jgLeaseod Rsdne,lto ~ .ALNCONA is instractedtbyotherEecuTor of MYIA.th ClTe IOndr .toSL, at the Mart, on FridayteItofJy, at1th thes rosys LESEOL prEivaeCE oNo.t 4, Yory -gatue, Regn'-y hedindrtb mnaostfPUm ubett trling fmes erti tla mlzeibrary, twodor ofrberooms, and hain fotabge dom estic D offces the thoue hishwell burot Northadso Falebio, tHandwelladapted Chorchagn irtlemates foamity. fot in buledinglespetoaJion. ta Teq. landet3 ear,t andu 16el acres and un expioed termes atrof 1 &O gt about z3yasa cudentoa 40 pr anum. My beieedith ardsbuilpin operaionofsheteank an efrterlaricu.Lanonrsobai,nedao thesss Tiphntl-r -eie and ata ~IF.ANC ONA is istructed b theEecutors gf tee undlaer JPowner.o Faqe. to SFERL atyh A H O,a heart,onFia,1t Julridy, Jthe LESILDaIrehl RESIDeNE prvously York-ate priae cn's park,t~ a verldsiable faSmily residenc, e fortwhic nmedrate Elploesesind maytbe (artratesnged. I lconty,ains bellport ddaingNs 5 5 S rooms adining rononom,andlir, alowom doorslof bed afours andl hossint terseadomtesinlseps, thewhusbsoeletele wth eresponEibvemtensefo expied trm f abut 4 yers ea grundren ofaou iifl earnsn, May borkviewed,andfurtherparticularniobinined onff iles. int h; ANCONA is instroacted to other forcuSorE of JO. ARREIN, at the Mat,ondo.In Rxry,ther ont ofnsu July,a, 30,-t3ithoateroby provtelotat, avryvlal OT F,lua partehoflhch isFarown consistagle nurer gfrouds held hunde the maldnorogFs, subjecot to axe trfin lines certasein,ta make tit eoua tho ficraeehold and hbaving awroth ge ofnearly 400fre towo d-ratPefd loalrityfra uing s pvca echulation.aThes oglend extnds to a abu 1 ces,and islaet onlosesat rentals Ca.monerwteaou L ratHe.xirto S DOf whichsritoivalediforbuiligc prtions canlt harlybovr-estioatEdL Tue prUpcty0 may bhe vieedr a Iyn-nrl01io ofated tenanebts, and sfurtherarticlr and cornditi lons ofdsalebtansed enad applcationtoaMess. Tuckenr. are-let, end TrouckeAa r.solictalorsft Swthin?e-lTranjuat thbecat; end at gron m. eas woffies 8, John- aboeaisheldf-or ndunexproed nearm the Elephan and Cforsas goe. 1 F/F stANCOat is,ol Investrmcted bysethie.Mrgge on riay Jlyit al reisly(ules reiol sol byv precivae con. trac tr,aauable o ubi LfSEord ESTtE, sCItuat ionearthe Elepante be In the meatimsee made b3 private besty, a tithe-commuted FRE.Pa HOLD) ESTATE. oonsisttng of three very desirahe farms, a water corn nmilL, and Cottages andgardens, containing in a- ring fence WS8 acres, 2 red, poes stuae n he evra paiaesof South POrroltt Cha. diugne,Broawmsr, nd ilesinatr tgeter with the manur or rpted mano of AFikelt, l at to uhe Xrespectable ardrespohsible tenats,prodcinan nnua reit f 88, ndeekndent of the plant. -tiosandeoeandsin hnd. apitl rands Particular thdpoons mabebtiedath tol Wheatstoe.,Bipr,Cekm,Wn at Wbowone, let on to . B hury. , q U Laslas-na fields and of la esaon Barooks aond el,at Pobreruil estat conainsupwads o PAD ate an byx,6l,r=m AUTI~ON, atteMr, nTedy.1hJl ueatontat, at( 12,the dUiatinguard and vheryistn SAE ktndson as oocrak-hi, Eas B iret fomryter.Awc fteil Si Siacreslaughtei Clarke Bet.dcae,ad aeyi h on SOeemuet.hime-Valu"heJ iaae,~tsdair 3MiE SR& WINTA L e received directions frCTom, atthe Ma1it, OfB t AYi I,iadhn esx41, DAel, to SELL by? A.UCrOK, t th XAr~711UDAY,July 9, the follOwisg degiralie UTA-TB, situate thre miles frer Briftwater, at Moorland, in gae huiarbesof Nobrth Petherton and Weatosicollnd, eooteiisinabt 7 acresial-Aernd,psicissriehpaatureanjd=eadow,boosLuea jirheriser Parrett, witht a wubiitantial farms-limae, premises, and uitable aprienlturjablbildingz; togeither with about 53 acruofdrzt-ratePanure Lend In Kinlg's bedgmoeor. a short distance from the fonner, ini the parish oR Ifeeth.Fetherton, The latid is highly farmi!d by thes teniant Mr. Riebara Lindon Golings, ThelImuidsin North Petbertonwill be sold free from 7-nVorial tithes, Prhsnted particedaxs maybe obtained atthe Clarence Hotel, Bridgwater: Castle, Tatnton . George, Niorth Pet1ierton: of Mr.Co-lLngs,thb tenant at thebhoue: of Messr. P-iashard od Son, solicitors-a,-Tsztoia; oG.M Axnold, Ezq., solicitor, Gravesend, Xent-. of Messr. Chaplin, Liffiliard, and Co., 3, Gray linn-square, Loodoa; 01t Mesr.Wi'`5,nsleny, Paternogter row; and at the I-lace of sale. The TairaLble Contenitg of Limo-trove, Potney, the property of the late Sir John and TAdy St Aubyn. 1WfESSES. WINSTANLEY baye roceived directions Ls.L-fom the Execators to SELL by AUCTION, onm tho fremises, On Monday. July28. and 15 following days, the whole of the HIOUSEBGLl) TuRNIruRE. and ornamental Effects or thu. gnesius Mansio). thelinen, 120 doz. of chaie Wine.5 rdrocofpla)elclin about 3.003 ounces plated artlcels, jevwele, and trinkets, including a magnificent and cosly~ dia noud necklace, with tAr& and ear rings, antique and other zings. choice snuff-boxes. maarble busts, coDlection of b-onzes. mlne.Xabs sells, sure Etruscn warm Pictorsreby ancirt and nodern mzatm. inciuslin Titien- RuyadacL, Waterlos. Beansver, Ferg, Yandervelde-, Opie. CarboulIO, Ibbetisin, and othern5 an exteosave eibry Of fenemi andi miscellaneous literature, including Caxton!s CrDu-IF 0 nglnd,1481; Dog'lalefs Mcoastcon Anglicarram; 2ou8hSefulcurt Momnurentg; Aginsoortis Huistie de IAxtoa 'a leassOnumens: Camedeu's lrit3nnia, byGoogla: Vieset (Eurret 3e. Pecutraei- 1510Plu OCdIbrea. a done se; of the Chrcnicles, in 2G ola.I 'FleurY'd Hastoie Belessastiquc; Axchreologia; W-ilkinson?z ~Lorzdmi. 3lluetr&ta; Iaklo'Yt's Voyages; -Yarralis JAitiah Birdis and.Xishes - Anjnales deeMuece, o,~&: an oxteaaivecolleeticmnof engravinma, ele~ite for illustrating a vi,ctionay of pdti,comprising fIue proot pectmneW;--by-tbc early matters German wOodengrasiegs, portrait3sc1ler Drevet, &C.; pieqhicall ind meuts, in crobcopee, and telesoopei6 and munersrusp =inie oiueo property. The dale of view will be rtated iiitheraeparte s6tlugs, wldolawlbe readyin due time, aul Uma betobtained. at is, each, It thel residence;- and of Mew&, Wi-- stauley. Pateroostr-rrow. The oartfrilSen-ce f Pate of Retar-Admiria the Higlrt. Boa,Lord Ad IhsMzlrenee. deceased. Itoon, Tv=IngCtset, St. Jame0s.s THIS DAY. July It. tipgrecs5ciy, the beautiful SERVIUE of PLATE, modern Books, and Ezmms the Property of the lateltesr-Admsra, the ItiHtion. Lord Adolpbiw Fi t?431(1103 G.C.,H, r,smovedfrom hi3 larshp'late residence, Am-. bassaZdO)?s-COWrt, St. James 's alace. The plate, which is maiinufac- tured by Messs.Hunt and Roskell, minhebest taste, comlsriscaa csqm'Plete dinner serciec, .iududinge!nts,le~asserole, ando!l and tabl plates, noble salvers, beautifully cbased4- -t. c 0.ai tanks,dSo dem chalices, beakens,,a%ra (~peenspatmnpooaan foks,canstlstics, C.; endC sozre ll-~ PLated smeie; also the smalllibrary of modern books,and collection of engrs-lacs, portraits of Poyaland noblePlersonages framed ad glaed. Eap he slowed two day- precs'llng.andca,taloges3lad. (Irnametata Objects and Fur,Atirre of tIre lateltess-Ad~mial the Uht Han. Lord Adolpbus izearece, G.C.11. IMIssR&s CHRISTIE and MIUNSON respectfuUlv give notice that tewilSEL L by AUCTIIO17 at their gr*~ Room. Kirng-stre0t, St. J- SSE,HB-LrrAG uly10, and foliowiak day, at I Prechself. the Choice A IL GEof DECOEATIITh -OIcIECZS, smallI cellar of srine, lousehold furniture and effects of the, late 1tear-Adminil the Rtight Hon. Lord Adolphus Fltzelarene, G.C.M.. remored from his Lordship's late residence, Amabassasor'. coDurt. St. Same* rlaPice. The decorative objorte; cnamprise candelabra, a centre-piece and two dessert cervices of bo,sutifu vI Dresden porycelain, elegant OrMDUIU docsP aknd canidelabra, B0hemIa glees s-ses, rold trinkets aLnd ornsesents, miniatures, swords a-nd c-anes, he, The wine, comPrises a bin of rery fine oIl East ndaMadelca and some dry Champagone vntaelit Tire second day's sale will' comprise the hadom oushdfur-niture. linen and glees, and battfr5e do Cuisine. Property. Lease 21 years: rcntt0 utao MAESSRS. CRAP3TER nud SO will SELL by ALAUCTIOs, at Garraway's, ortMondy July21. at 12, theecry valuable LEASE, wvithi 'aneo of this commandinglysituatWINtE and SIRIT STABISHr,ElRT. prominertly placel at the corner Of St. Asoe-streett and. GreatciPete-r-sect, -Wentminaler. The premises are well-bailt aud io a mnost satisfactory Condition, admirably arrancred for businss purpoe, nodwith due regard to domestic comfort. The presnt large anud highly profitable trade is inexpensively condncteel ad-ith peculiar easend thedenselypopulate,dneighbonrboo-lby which the house in surrounded gives amplto evidence of ita bci,gwelt vieEd,Csad p.articlr obanon theiby premises at12 Garaays; osl frqenss Iotiedand ad s Reid Irsictr,Ranoshiin,Gays benn;u ind ofnte actioners ocuaind fo ettheagts4,mfdarc, Thet lbe,ieceO Sotheexcelln-traeet Oxfoed-te,acpioodetUntendESriSi. bayo isewda houe.-at SR CRAPTUER and SON Wil SELL by LLLAUCTION, at Gorrway's, OnMfOndasy.Julyv2L,at12. thiwellor Ofdequetblhed an Udsi'I-HOSitat PUdLiIbOUyE dthet lan e baan 141 yutearsrmexird,eod the ld under te ctv Bof ondon ajat~ the trflngarenofl i40pertannum. The prellmAbisles areputeatlon of builtsn hauv~ex beendhting oner Dethear morpaineo theaas 20 yeamoehrs whichi the uua fastiesdfforded of the immlentsaeatahdt throhfeadmigbropurhyoothd Velengsthened pecriod,nayuinS llrY May be viewred, and atclasotindo h Dtiuas(tiAontepremises ;, at Garraway's faG.dCofte the,soIor 0 Doughty tre ndothautioneers and estate agents , 4, Sta mfoard-street. ToheWis-cs Horsealdleisi aon, otiher.In -cteehoidugh-thlipreferabl sid ta ude fret buiness, sson 7~ESS-RS. CEAFTER and SON will SELL by Ol-T AUCTIhed ,at Garraway's, on.sW3foaday, July 21, at 12. i abov ittht,81tatPUBLIC-HOUSE,adnrabysithae, ando being 141 oWnrwthe btest sde tOldhe Hihslet,R aBnnruOfb-ae statinum1 consdherabloe imortanc. Thea a grol-d tebliof ed eptaio Alof thisohoubse, e- fiaMYdlte Pfforedsbyhelcallned th- ossairouwfr nd neighbourhood,at i Bwterlcuescandyoent W ordinarybuC10 ee tD aes arin. =e May be iee, n variewed,9Alsaras Obtained on the premsomaiGrawyses ando 3thew' aucth utioneers an d estate agents, 4, stamfrdr-street. ToBCrinewe,rt.uallerT. endll. oteroldn Lroeasehld Culiapbosan, hedatagrudRelwt po re dieion t 1 FJ-, by AU wiAth. and S oN hillSELLcu by Chancllo A uCTI , aLt Garraway's, on ensa,July 23, at12. in tw lots, Lthatsrell-Pitua ePUB IC OUSE, nd wn Iasb thewEsr, of Warick tin i aybuiltPeises.L calledo the oe andmirown bheer-ous.pituate isf Clowver-o 1 creasentfWoodlwithcoe ton the, Mabe Biewaekd Mhay beor viwe,atidgehdarttclepreobtea3in d on theapremises:r atiGrbaty'; o Uneservedyns Barne.-Tan hir,bsolicitors, 7,a Sprng-grdns and of tLSLbyAUTEOE,WithtSELLbyAti TIOf hi Hon tourtie Chnlorro Stu]Yrt, at Gfrlieeaway's,To Wdnsda, July 23, t12in 35t fit per anpuidnum lotg quN. ,.anidy (0, Union-Bsroad, Calankam, produringe81 ertonnum, Lote. Gos.dSand . N~tigewstreoet, iphansee caiont the r ar tofteBedfrd Arms,dproducinL 4 e nas h wopholed-eveold,esubect tosmallcB iroun J?rents.T Partiularmy bedc o thadotjze ofn ',r. damy, tes, 18t, tiorg-slyee, MtS.anso- ho ,use ofm MEssrsLEEa Coandgamens, Cloal-yane, canity;at phraway' and. TOf the a Puctine- and estat agente , 4-ou, Sa f ourd-ls Ireet. len tr Co entryable reehodsn, Cdit-odd .;x,Eelt rpsonGasdn H. TATO wflSELL b AUTN,m -wt heAtrpotr,on60c and Thheycrp- dealers, and others.n O. FE . P SEECE il SELL byEAUTION A wCTiont o.tle emsTomorrow, Jul 0 t12fr eealy 1T0CIg at fnte OAry TMe_ejntt Fuxtfurehiphuleig, lagSuantity- of herwell-seasoedeOa Planks,ei,, catin t thl reauction or. adernfheaPoreo.dn.ody.Jl 4 atpyisoth.mo 371MNTUEr andx,i CETi carapTON, un. baoay fourdeo thean Moithger e,o rdtay, icther bedf ul, atnd a the m a tlo Iba n. a, PeH EE otageshasodrawr, CRoal-yr, Landing-podlace,m onti taylst,r-pits, hreatreat cylud aboetfouir, msilesro carphetsr, c, May be viewed any day prior to'b 3eri o andlirttiog1to.theatenn tse Lno;ad of the auctioneer,a d 10, Wolemh-otreet, S itrand Lhondon.o DtesirYfaBotle erechadt, nxtly-road aprnd Veaseod Bomitor rnd 'DIIU LTISTOs diille t SELL by A-UCTION, atr ILLGar9waySt. Gonr Tns-stetasoiFrday, Juln22, ata21cIZ1,TWObiceuli DWELING-HOu SEads ofIDgoss 42 nland 43,areta ocsoreand-pwace, City- met,-wladpe oa wachalems,orkinege's zand within sew mio ndutVer'elo taublury-ceuare deo. cl,o hiwelhn-hrs,s and Cornber ehopert8.Murry-strewapet,csedn, hecLdmor anlonesterm Lala grond renty. Particulars daytsheortly oe otheauctI neeoffic iaves, 9 met ThedBildonAinu smals of aransIn knowe soth GrWSteamforiHowe, hAB. GOOF.DMAN will SEELL by AUCTION, a iL nthe PRems. N.eI, To-mthw.amulp1th, atw, N tew veryad xcrellent elaes,ho Onretwodas pior wen atlogesmay be had on. UppeeHoloway T0a iolds Houdr brnk rubbim andi gardnmudo RJR. -A,BEROACL wil SELL by AUCIN tION, M l. n ie, Premises.ay b uy ordr o athe- P~roprieor. Ionona,% ELJul portM andGethrbeOtus, fatdhOer bode, an the13 33undat chamberap p-edndags.nhetsofd udrawxers,mahoeany an to S, Sroad leo tdrrther cables,rofa, hprseolls-weat chaie, chefsonieseteBe ssesfo%c=arpts,od Mayd renstow; onme da prior to e salre;tandfC caape.r had nu the prmse;rafla-Qaeand of thebrbr Bon auctioneer, 9 oea-tet iy h as Stockto agenot, 1 Merchat,onearly-newCSmring Van,Frntr, Grand tb Preelmock ianfote ad ohermse's Ricamond Susrey-jinporteUt Sae of valuable Freebold Ettes, tion in GG TT is instructed bo the MXoretagee ALL under power ofsale. to OEIL by AUTbmON, n Wr2ed .Pnly30, attbsGaa-rnmm',DlM nnj.cihmond. tItfor2 inleots,THTIli substantia DWWZWPNL-BOUISES. with Shops, extensive coachbuilder shops and premises, 12 collcge a detached residence, n nine recently wel-built elweiling-honus, al fraeeoll, presenting a rare oportni,tyifocuveaLmentoof capital os of scring house for occapation in this delighteul loealty. Particulars and conditions are pro- ofbWillam inthe.is, soliitr. 12oSrne-miss, k inowln'as-finu; Mrebra, Ja ad. Allen, rohuctire. 17watrhea-sdtryneet, Soo; of esrs Tontanin balloetse andPbout salentand - 9 Bed for-sw of Thmo.w Bapter Boue, waitect. a, J -I et p an oMf Pi.g@tt,auc4tione,al and estate a nt, Grst,4 cidoNd, InC AnTery- Purdu epiee and Arar blFe hLad Properies,ing tbho parihof Kiertcbinge utofth lan s , ommstoaBocme of blaloneur the.Meeterof te' Rolls, Ade ijn the above mus,ted 18th Depoite fo II hat=P'rs, at the Crmwn TMn Kincle u aforsai, o iuca aytime 2ODdul 115 t3o'cliokinte afmternoo A eerely aix aIa hafa4 e,bigpato h lateco Amodgi W lkspc1% Atke
