DIEATHS. On the 5th of Mrarch. on his voyage from Calcutta to Lond'on, Major the Hotn Water Here Ruthvren, 2th Bengal Native nfantry. On Friday. the 18th of April. at KRirrachee, Scinde, Maria Louisa Faith. the beloved and only daughter of Colonel Hobson, command. ing Bombay Fusilers, aged 22. On the 15th uIt., at Islington. of rapidI decline. Edward E. D. Grove, solicitor. aged42. and, a shorttimeprevious, HenryDunstervie, infant son of the' above. On the 23d ult. sudIdenly, at 13. 3Moruegton-crescent, Robert, the youngest and mucL beloved 'son of °Mr.William Flexman, in his, 1th year. On the2ld ult a' HamnptonWick. Sophia Lonisa youngestdaughter of the late lInt2i Astn, Egq., of3largate. aged 5,5. On the 24th Wit., Henry Albert Southgate, eldest son of Henry Southlate, of 22, Fleet-street, aged 14. On the 26th uIl., at Ainwick-, Anthony Lambert, Fasq., aged 39 years. On the 26th ult., at Ialvern, Worcestershire, Susan, widow of the Into George Gordon, Rsq., of Cheltenhami. On the 26th nlt., off Spithead, on her way from Western Australia, Isabella, the beloved wife of Commissary-General Mends, and daughter of the late CaPt. Creighton, of the llth Dragoons, and granddaughter of the late Admiral Sir Richard Onslow, Bart., G.C.B. On the 2Sth sult., at Margate, Thomas john Coakley, Fzq., of Westbourne-terrace north, Hyde-park, late of New Bond-street. On thc.29th util, at Beverley, Yorkshire, Margaret, wife of Edward Iloghurst, Es-q.. agedl 65. On the 29th ult., at Walsall, the Rev. Francis Turvile, agea 66. R.LP. On the 29th uilt-, at Bayswater, William Clune Helsham Candler, Captain, late 40th Regt., and Adjutant Royal srecon Bifles, only son of Captain WV. H. Candler, Kilkennty FmUsiers aged 29. On the 30th ult., at Stockton House, Wilts, Hlarry Biggs, Faq., aged ES. On the ltth ult., at Warwick, Lotitia, thsewidow of the late Xelyage Greenway. Esq., in her 67th year. On the 30th ult., at 134, Sloane-stree Chelsea, aged 52, Sabina Stirling Burgess, relict of the late H. W. Burgess, Faq. sand eldest daughter of the late:Philip Gilbert, Faq., ot Earrs-court, Old Brompton. On the 31st ult., at Siclmouth, Louisa, youngest daughter of the late lieuteaant-Colouel Jenkin 54th Regiment. On the 31st ult., at Devi7es. Wilts, deeply lamented, Mr. Henry MackreUl, wine merchant, aged 55, after a long and severe ilness. On Saturday, the 31st ult., 'Mrs. Bankes, of Stoke-green, near Coventry. On the 31st uilt., at 9, Clieyne-walk-, Chelsea. Sophia, second surviving daughter of James Pitt, Esq., deeply regretted. On the lst iust., at Greenford-place, Mrs. Benjamin Clark- On the Ist' inst., after many months of great suffering, William Bunbury TLsers, Esq., Iate of China-terrace, Kennington-road, aged 71. on Sanday. the lst last., at 4, Linden-villas, Holloway, the infant cmild of Mr. C. F. Hdncock, of 39, Bruton-street. Oi, the lst inst., at Fort Pitt, Chatham, of mnaignana scarlet fever. Mary Frnces Allen only chUd of Archibald R.3 Ridgway, Staff Surgeon, aged 4 years and 15 days, On t3e 2d ntet., at 11, Glocester-creccent nortb, Hyde-park, Henry Cobb, Faq., in the 66th year of his age. On the 2d iazt., after tong and severe suffering, Ann, w.ife of F. J. Bellow. Faq., Captain (retired listi E.I.C.S., and daughter of the late Simon Temple, Esq., formerly of Hylton Castle, county Durham. On the 2d inst., at Cambridge-place. Camberwell New-road, Mary Ellen, the in,fant daughter of James Heslop Powell, Fa,q., aged 11 mnonths.
A LLPERSNS hvinganyOLAIiMS or DE MAND on he ETAT of he ltenight Honour-able Cola- net GEOXIG LIoIEll DWSON DAMEI, of CameHomse, Dar- I macost tm-ao to esres. oess andJackons,12.Essex-attest, P UISUANT to a Decree of the High Court of* Chancery, made in acau4e Findon and others apainst Butt," VieCRDIOi of RICaARD BUITT, late of Pirton.suthecomuty of Worctr. farmer. decee-sed. (who diedI in ors aLbout the maonth of Mray, I331, anm by their solleitors, on or before the 20th day of Joure, 1ss6. to comes in andI prove their debts at tie chambers of the ofaster1 of t1he Ro013 in the Rolls.yard, Chancery-lane. Middlesex; or, in defau:t thereof, they will be peremptorily excludled from the benefit of the said decree. Thuirsdaiy. the 3d clay of July, 11336. at 12 o'clock at noon. at tho said chamibers, is appointed for hearing and adljudicating upon the claims.-Dated this sith day of MTay. 1553, G EO. WHIEl'N -, Chief Clerkc. HENIRY BEDFORD, 4. Gray's-inn-square. Plaintiff's Agent. -DURSUANT to an Order of the High Couirt of U. Chancery. made in a canoe " Sidney Smith acainet George Whiffin Mradhee the younner and others." the CitEDITORS of%WILLIAM% BEAd-, late of Eddflngzou. in the parish of Herne. in the county of Xent. geatleinau, (who died in or about the month of June. 1355,1 are, bythirelitiors onor bfor the13tdayf.Tune.13116. to coms in and rov thir ebt atthechaber oftheMaster of the Rolls, in the tols-yal, hanery-ane Mi'i'eex;or.in defauilt thereof, they wil hepermptril exludd fom he eneitof the said order. Slisday th 2th ay f nue 156.at 2 'clckat neon, at the saidch-unhera isapponte fo heaingand djuicaing upon the claimsJ.- CE.WITING. Chier Clerk. J. WHrEELOCK. 13. Gray's-ism-squace, Plaintiff's Siolicitor. P URS UANT to a Decree of the High Couirt of JLCh.n-rry. uiade in a camse '"James W%ood Mason and others a.gainst John yfcLacldaa and ethers.' the CREDITORS, and all persons cla'iming to be encunubraucess upon the real and leasehold est-ates respectively, of JAM ES WOU D. late of Sebbon's-buildings,'Islington. in the county of Middlesex. who died in or about the month of Novenisber. 132., arc. by their 4,lie-itors, on or before the 1st daiy of July, 1SIS. to oni i an povethir ebs. !auis ad eucumabrances at the chanher oftheVic-Cl ucelorSirJoh Start. No. 12, Old-square, Lisotas-ns.Midleex:or indeful thref, they will be peremptorty ecludd fom te buefi ofthe aiddecre. onday, the 7thL poin-dfr harig ad ajudiatig ueute caim-Dated this 30thi day of May. 1c5. ROWi'. WIt. KEAlE Chief CIerk. W.3.an C M ULTO 2A,Northampton.squzare, P URSU~ANT to a Decree of the High Cotirt of _ Chancery, made in a caume " Joshua Hlenry Eyre Ess1.. plaintiff, sgninsl the ve~. Erlwar'l Mlosro and others. defenidants," the CItEDIfOptS off EDWARD THOMAS .MO'NMO, late Of ClaPton, in the county of Midd!ezex, doctor in physic (wha died in or about the month of Jat.uary. 13361. are, by their SolicitOrs. on Or before the 316th day of June, iiSZ,. in come in and prove their debin at the chambera of the Vice-Ch ancellor Sir Willisam Page WVood. at it. New-sqluare, Lincoln'siun, Middlesex ; or, in dlefault thsereof, they will be peremptorily excin,ded fromn the benefit of the saitd deci-ee. Monday, the 23d day of Junei132. at 12 o'clock at neon, at the said chambers, is apPOinted for hearing and adjudicating upon the clainis.-Dated this 22d dlaF of Stay. 13 1 .RIC CHA RD BLOXAX, Chief 1Clrk. CHARLES APPLEYARD. 1. New-square, Lincoln's-ian, LonuIon, P'laintiff's Solicitor. PURSUANT to an Order of the HiFgh Couirt of PCnancery, made in the matter of the estate of ,fhun Sadler. doceas.l. aud in, camus "Jane Ssdieraud others.i.fants.bytheirnext friend. ras~i-stWilliA,n .iclards-and another." theCREDITO1tSof the said JOItN SADLER. late of Glocester-terrace. Regent's-park. in the county of Milddle-sex. Ksqutire. (who died in or atbout the month of Mlarcha. 1IS11, are. by their solicitors, on or before the) 1th day of Jers.. SS to conie in and prove their debts and encumbrances at the chaumbers of thne Vice-Chawncellor Sir William Page Wood, No. 11, New-- squ,are. Lincoin's-inn, Nliddle-sex; or, in default thereof, they will be permptorily excluded from the benerit of the said order. Tuiesday, thNthll day of 31 sy, 1356. at 12 o'clock at neon, at the said cha3nbei-' La appointed for hearing and adjudicating uponL the claims.- Dal'sI tYis till day of April, 1320 UPENRY LENMAN, Chief clerk. SMIUTH and SFIEPIIERD, 15, GoldenL siuare, Plaintiffs' Solicitors. ~URS U~ANT to the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent L Debtors in England --See Notice at the end.-The foliowin, prisoner. waouse. estate and eftfects have been vested in the Provisional As;siga .by order of the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and whos.e ptiAtion and schedule duly filed have been severally referredi sad traunuit test to the Couinty Nourt hereinafter mentionedL purxiaat tas the itat'ute iii that behalf. is ordered to be brought up before the JuJ.ie of1 the said Court, as herein set forth, to be dealt with aIc- ref are-- th ug f the County Court of Berkshire. holden at Reading' Cres on Thur-day, the 13th day of Jutne, 113513. C Bwis1atten, late of 6haw-rescent, in the parish of Spsen, near Newb=ry in the couinty of Serks, sheepdealer, and fire andI life iuitrante ageiit. ani agriculturat manure agent, preciously of Shaw-crescent afsrvsaid. sheeplealer and insurance agent, formerly of Enborn, in- the county of Berks, out of business and following no trade or urofea siun. WWILL I AM HOBBS. Clerk. N.S. 1. If any creditor intends to oDpose a prisoner's discharge, noti-!e of suclh intention nitist be given to the sawid prisoner in writing, whi:i'. may be left at t re Gaol two clear days before the day of hearing abo-e rue-mentian exclu.,ive of Siusday and exclusive both of the dlay of givtng such notice and of the saidI day of heariLng 2. The petition and scheduile wil he producedby the proper officer f.r insapect ion ant examination at the office of the Court in London. bet-eeni the haours of 1I and S. on this notice being exhibited; andl esp.es of the petition and schedule, or such part thereof as shalt bo repiared. will be providLel by the proper officer according to the Act 1 and iiVictoria. c. 110, sec. 103. N.B. Entrance to thie office in Portugal-strret, Lincoln's-inn-fields-. 3. The duplicates of the petitionis and schedules, and all books, p3pers. and writings filed therewith will be produced by the clerks or 3.asistant c!erks of the said CountY Courts. for inispection and examinia' n at the offices of the said Couinty Couirts respectively, at the) town aforesaidl, anld copies Of the petition and schedule, or such Dart herLof as slani be required, wil be providedl according to, see. 1013 of the Act. TN the Mlatter of the Joint-Stoclk Coimpanies' Windinlg-up Acts~. 1S-Pt and 1349. and of the TIPPERARY JOINTSTOOIC IAN K.-Notice of First Dividendl-Notice is hereby piven, that on the 17th of June next a FIRST DIVIDEND of 2s. in the pound will be PAID to all creditors whose debts shalt be -admitted as duly proved by the Master in this mat ter. onz aPPlication to the Oficeial Aldaa3er. between 12 and 3 O'clock each day, at his office, 17, Lower Ortnind-quay. Dablin.-Dated this 23d of May. 1320. JAMES DILLON 'MELDON. Solicitor for said Official Manager, 14, Upper Orrondl-qimy. A TOTICE is hereby eriven, that WILLIAM BUTLE R WHIlIAKEP. of Batl-terrace, Robinl Hood-street, in the town of Nottingham. butcher, has by indenture, dated the 22d day of.Aav, 1320. CONVEYED and AS'SIGNED all his REAL and PERSONAL 1ESTATE and EF FECTS whats3ever unto Jame1Ls Ste,,hen Brewster, of Snehinton. in the coiunty of Nottingham, plumber andl glazier, upont trut., fur the equal benefit off alt the creditors of the said Wrillim Enti,re Whita'ker who $]Xall sc%od-c to the trusts of the salid indenture ; a6n I which s aid -indentlure wass duly executed by the maid William Butler WL~-tae- an', Jamecs Stephen Brewster on the s,ame 2id day of May. antI the execuition thereof by thema respectively in attested by Samuel Richar'd Parr Sh;ltoo, of St. Peter's. Church-side. in the said town of Nltttn-ghism solicitor, and an attorney at Hler Majesty's Court at, Queen's Bendh atVWestusinster. TOTICE is hereby given, that NER TYLER, of ii Victoria-street, near the city, but in the countY of Glocester buiXder ;an beer-house-ke-per. has, by indenture of assignment, dated the 13th day of May. 1320. ASSIGNED all his REA,L and PERSONAL ESTATE and EFFECTS whatsoever unto John Caie, of the city of Gl'oce.;ter afore-aid. innkeeper, and slate and general merchant, upon trust for thne benefit of himself and all and every other the creditors of the said Nc r Tyler: t oid that the said assignment was executed by each of thno. the said Ncr Tyler and John Cale, on the said G3th dlay of May. 13113: and their respective executions thereof aye attested by George Pete.rs Wilkms of the city of Glocester aforesaid,. solicitor. And the said assignmnent now lires at the olicro of the said George Peters WVilk-es, sltuiat, in Blackfriars. G~ceester aforesaid, for the inspection and exec-td ;n or the creditors of the maid Ner Tyler.-Dated the 30th day of May, 13Z16. GEORGE PETERS WILKES. Blackfriars, Glocester, Solicitor to the said Trustees. ~ OTICE is herebygie,ta JOSEPH FREDEN rICK VARLE.o o 64 xodsret, in the county of Mliddllesox. tobacconit hagyidnur nfaocment, dated the 21d day of May. 130 ASGEDal i EROA ESTATE and EFFET,i (sav,e and eetsch leasehold estates as the Trustee shall d,c za of no value tote rSt estate) and covenanted to convey all his reYl and leasehod estates in possession, reversion, remaindler, or expectaney. subject to any encumbrances, to John Hlunt. of No. 9, 'Weyoun-th-p!ace. New Rent-road. inx the county, of Surrey, engraver,_in trust for the equal benefit of himself and such of the creditors of th sai:d jo,s-ph Frederick Vorley as shall assent to and, execute the said -indenture within two calenda%rmontba from the date thereof;andlthe salindentuzre was duly executed by tbs said Joseph Frederick Varley on he aidSO da ofSly. 351. i te peseceof and attested by JohnCrot, f N. 1. CoIal-curt Lodon soicitor, and WVillan Heny loss. Asitan tothesol Jsep FrderckVarley, and is nowlyig a myofice 12 Cothal-our afresid orexecution by the JOHN ROEr Soliitorfor the Trustee. XNTOTICE is liereby given, that EDWARD INGER, J of Long-row, in the town of Nottingham, china, glass, and earthenware dealer. liath by indenture of assiznment, bearing date the 24th day of Mfay. ,8 ASSIGNED all his PERSONTAL ESTATE and EFFECTS uLnto W%illiam Brownfdeld, of Cobridge, in the county of Stafford, china meanufacturer, and IV'illiam Shaw, fKyot, in the county of Nottindhamn. farmer, their executors,0aseninristratrs, ant assigns, in triest, for the equal benefit of all the creditors of the sailI Edw.ard luger as shall execute the same within two calendar inonths from the date thereof; and that the said indenture was duly execua'ted by, the said Edward Inger and William Shaw on the day of the dale thereof, and ruch execution by the sait Edward Iuger and Wi:5iam Shiaw was attested by F'rancis Brurton. of the town of Nottinigham aforesaid. solicitor; and the said indenture was duly executed by thze saiid Wilia Brownudeld ont thxe 29thL day of Mray, 1836, and such execution by tthe said William Brownfield was attested by Thomas Msagnus CattliLn of Ely-place. in the clty of London, solicitor; and that the said indenture is now lying at the offices of Mlessrs. Camapbell1 and Burton. solicitors, in Nottingham aforesaid, for the perusal and execution of such of the creditors of the said Edward Iuger as have 1int 3lready execuzted the &rmie.-Dated this 30th day of Mfay, 3320. CAM5PBELL and BURTON. Solicitors to the Trustees. NOTICE is hereby given, that by indenture, dated Nthe I13h of 31ay. 1I513 THOMAS DAV'IES, of Beaufort-street Bryunmatr. grocer, CONVEYED and ASSIGN1ED all his ESTATE andi EFFECTS to Georgge 'Worrall Jones, of the towvn of Crickhowell. baniker, William Bakcer, of the city of Bristol, corn-mercbant and mniller, and William Madden. of the drm of Baber and Mladden, wholesale and retail grocers, Abergaveuny, in trust for the benefit of all the creditors of himr the said Thomas Davies : and that such deed was executed by the said Thomas Davies on the day of the date thereof, in the presence of Edward John Cox Davies, of Crickhowell aforesaidl. gentleman, attorney-at-law, and within 15 days thereafter, that the sania was executed by every such trustee; and that the execution by the said George Woras-al Jones was attested by James Gil-bert Price, of the town Of Abergavenny, gentleman, solicitor, the execution bythe said William Bakcer byThornas Crosby, of the city of Bristol, gentleman. sollciti*r, and the execution by the said'William Madden by Philp Price, of Abegaveuny aforesaid, gentleman, attorney-at-l1aw ; and notice is urhr gven, that the said deed now lies at our offices, in Crickhowell afrsad for inspection and execution by- all persons claiming to be creditors of the said Thomas Davies, and that any creditor not concurn nad executing the same within three months from the dlate of`the aid deed, wil be excluded from all benefit thereof.-Dated *this. 24tht day of Mlay, 1011. G. A. A. DAVIES and SONTS. SoUlettoms I{ OTICE is hereby given, that by an indenture _k1bearing dale the 25th day of MKay 1856, THOMAS ARNtALT. of Poutefract. in the county of Yor!c, chymnist and druggist, did ASSIGN unto Joseph Walker. of Plontefract aforesaid, M~anjager of Xessrs. leatham. Tew, and. Co.'s Bank at that place, and Thtomaz Brookce. of Leeds, in the said county, wholesale druggist, all his PERSONAL ESTATE and EFFECTS, upon trust. for the equal benefit -of the creditors of the said Thomas Anl, who shall execute tho maid indauture,. os-si nifytheis- assent in writing thereto, wFithin three caleodawr months fom the date thereoif and which said indenture was duly executed by the said Thomas Arnatl and Joseph Walker on thWsaid 2ith day of Mae'. 1856. in the presence or, and attested by, Robert ndel, of Pontfe act aforesaid soicitor, and Godfrey Sher-wood Burdett. of the name pL his clerk, and by the said Thomas Brooks, on the 30th day of Slay. 1336. in the presence of the said Robert Arundel and Charles Edward Armdel. of Leeds aforesaid, gentleman. And notice is hereby also given, that the said indenture now lies at my office, in Pontefract aforesaid, for the inspection of, and execution by. the creditors of the said Thomas rnall ; and those creditors who shall neglect or refuse to accept its prov sions within three calendar months from the date thereof Will be excluded all benefit therefrom. All crsansn indebted to the estate of the said Thomas Arnsl are requested to pay the amount of their respective debts forthwith to the said Joseph Walker. at the bank of the said MIessrs. Leatham. Tow, and Co., in Pontefrac'. By order of the ssignees th P.T. ARUNDEL, Solicitor, Pontefract, Pantefract, Mth blay, S1351. N OTICE is hereby given, tlhat, by Indenture bearin" 1 date the 6th day of May, 1856, and made between Samuel Roberts, o! the citY of Chester. slatersand plasterer, of the first part. John GreernaU. of the samne ciy, book-ceeper, of the second Part. and the several persons whose names and seals are set and affixed to the rhednsle .thsrennder written, creditors of the said Samuel Roberts. oE the third. part, the said Samuel Roberts, for the considerations therein expressed, did bargain, wsll, assign, transfer, and set over unto tho said John GrenasIl. his executors. administrators. and assigns, all and. aincar the PERSXONA ESTATE and EFFECTS of him the said SAbEtJEL ROBERTS, as enumerated in the said indenture, and allthe fizht, title, and interest of him the said Samuel Roberts in, to, or out of the same resPeCtiVelY; to hold unto the saidJohn Greenall, his executors, administrators, and aszigns, upon the trasts therein mentioned, being trust3for the equal benefit of such of the creditors of the said.Saiel Roberta ass shall have duly executed or otherwise acceded ts thS said indenture within the Space of two calendar ramoths next. after the date of the said indenture, or within such further time as the said. jbh Greenall, hfi executors, adminietrators. and assigns 'lIL sppoint. not exceeding one month; and.which said indenture waa executed by the said Samuel Roberts and John Greenall in thia r;re3ence of and attested by Mr. Joseph Bridgman, solicitor. Chester, on the day of the date thereof. And notice is hereby further given. tha th sid ndntue ow iesattheoficeofme the undersigned James LIrden Br-omfielv of Nawgato-Sti5ee1 in tlecityof Chester, geotseam, fr th excutin threo by uchof the creditors of the J.3tdt! 13 AR.°DEN BROMELD, Solicitor to te TruStee ALADIES' BAZAAR wil be held on Wednesda,~y L te4th. and Thrda th Junte, atl Laa'sester-,road, n2ear tne Chapel C HO AL FSTIAL, WestminstrAby,T S DYa3pm,to assist the INCORPORtATED 2 TI IA SOCITY or POMOINGthe EDUCATION of the POOR, i. pro. viding funtds in lieu of theo collectinsn hitherto rmade under tle autho'. rity of Royal Letters, triennially granted to the Society, hut now wnits. held. The SER.ION will he preached by tho Lord Ilishop ofLCHE.' FIELD. TicKcels on application at thae Society's ot-ace, Sanctuary, Westminster. fTINLDER the PATRONAGE of Hler M etythe' JQOEFEN.-A GRAND SPANISH be AC AIOwl hedat the Wellisgton Barrc-.Breg-ai,o Lau.dyand Friday. the Sth and 6th of Jn.naiofteB1dnaScolfor the Infant Children of the SlirofteheeegmnsfFot Guards. Open each day from12 to S. NB. Tehnso h he regiments will be in attendance and playtoehr --1RAND BAZAAR, THIS DAY, June 3, by thLe k_ilnd permlsalon of the Royal Toxophilite Society, in their beaui. thif] grounii. in the Regent's- p ark. lentrance by York-gate.)o behalf of the HIOSPITAL for CONSUIMPTION and DISEAsRS"ofthie CHEST. Broinpton. Admission by ayment of 2s. 6d. each at the gates~; or tick-eta may be obtinued at M[r. Mitchell'a library. Old Bondstreet ; Mr. Sams' library, St. James's-street ; of Mtessrs. Leader anid Cock-. 63. New Bonil-street ; Mr. OlUvier, 19, ijId Bond-street;- and at the Hospital. Children under 12 years of age, Is. ,fd. each. 'Admission on the third day Is. each. Children. 6d. each. B3Y the kind permission of Colonel the lfon.Cccil Weld Forester, the hand of theoRoyal Horse Guards Blue will be in attendance. The Bazaar 'riil be opened at 2 o'clock. Ample provision is male to meet the contingency of unfavourable weather. Carriages to enter by York-gale. New-road. PHILIP ROSE. Honn. Secrtary, OSBORIN P. CROSS. Secrtary T.Auiiisset.MinteRNanc, and. IntrctiOmmnofPrandy Destitut womlo Taern THSDY ue3 Th - H. Acoc Pryneisey Admiraln Sirate EDUDYNSeart.,dG.C.ai reCer.ichar4 Idedl consente to pressie.Sme oae,Fq Jtohnr Hleareidser Gray. Hlenry Moore, Thrntoq. z Captern H.udAstin, q.N, F C Sir Javmus Tylmuner ,R ThdomardREdwardsereo. ThomascH.A.WPols der.E.ea William S.Laudsayn,R.GogSanseq Chritobe i rt W aasn.i Rdery. a Samuel Soanfes. Rlted. urdtd Robert rant. eq., V. Rearandmito theomrnton ine Thomas . Jeffrson. Rq. FlechrWisoenc, the Ci. te William S. Lindsay, RuPeqt.,hemoaMth. Dpwardos ofnd0subscpooriand destituteyboysehved beey ece yti Chfarity fromcwaty' andos misery,gandhaetbeen fe,it ohe,intrntd andremplyed, bohabneicily.-tothcemishelve, aivnd bythe maristmeenterests fait theaoutr. A considwerabenme havigrcnlbee entered by shervc inurth RoyCalnavry, somey are oempbloed as appEntce inT the InRUan navY,Shl tof those apcprnieds to thaer meiercihan thsrie many haveo bectyom ie mates, li and otha e marsters of vSstl. 3aye eadS.Pn det wtihe Sccityhavng nowbeeny 1 Weastmineistence the amommittoee Mrn tatwm thafindt esecue ytobn of the Chriywilrrea owsp er, thmand this Donliations and subncescryipt omaionsthnkuly reie obtandby apyn peronaly bewen te our of10and3 clol. i. RUth,dy,Sa teretary. oarine SCiety'sn Solices,t tihepsgTeustreet,14 wiethin. x-tee,t "rotre. vy' Chrt. tclerls harny Soiveno by the Trustees o this Thart Tuthat, their powrs havioscng renentlyben enlargey mothe toNEYSe ito poosdraocuiersuor trliadesteidonto withns the bils obemor ,etality of te mrek trooin the pas bfristhes ofxrSt. diayotebmoneantb.Pn craEs. i 3te ut oI idlsx referenceY bein givenytonthosteeton det wli hect n lbrtyoftWestminster. Teaon fe lonisnt oexeedt-he u f 20 s trc hAcbsopba intretUa £Lpe cnt suete whoasarerhousholes Eor oneMsuch suretyb, at te dscrton thNTUstes orupNEReALo longE leaseho lldiproperty. Pinted frmsof Sersonally, bewen thdesboars ofn 10, aud6I tcl 'ock-nteka,a the office ofIthe ClRkYAndSLto tOStheTrutes 14. Grea Queraen-tCreetS. are opelsslydisqaUfi frCter andie SoflfeInsitortothed Trustees.ly INo4, atthe Truasteesmeeton etne sect ond Whednesda inevery mon th, tobakrTe FIntRoSidrTIonsTIUThOaplicaIoNsE ofo loahis Chavet been Oentui One whuekdat thne lheasthbefor the firstdayof Thvern month.e streSet. CINIM R ,36 emat-tet Presfi ident-Orhistrac jer the Airchbihop of DULINGay.asbe Tnedfr teocasionr-JnhnwElloteorformD. durngand aftRer dinr AecinsNroUAL os GEE ad,miedTIIrG at Willas's Myrooms, Kingstree, St.in Ja eses. oniWedneda, June 1, and6 ater o'loc ~eiey RICHARD (oe Ouneaech)Tma bILeS obaieq. at P i theofcotle cariry. ~~HE ROYAL DOSITARED forDth Provsinan enrtCare Ofie and Comfort, ofla thos wh1 yDies.ciet,o6efriy are) hoElssalyisquali96Fie or the Dcoflutis ie ntttd3s uy 1554 atthe anaon-ous--The RigtEEN.thLodMyrite ceairJOhneogo Vcro FIRST INT eTUT sR DINneR Hofothis Chariy.wl Tccu GoneThursday, June theb5th ate rsetheuloyndonrTaern,ha tihoeie- CHARLES iICKENS.opeq..ointthe chair. eongagedoforathesoccasion,andin perform,hedurngs andic afrer diner 4eln, Dw-ae-berl ciureti., Auber, and Verdse forDIOES REED, od.D PRoedsional Secretay. .JAaer bllahEdS f76-or the SUPrYofn PoorD ofAllur mengand,goey uter, Johnee boacon.gs Vicar ofatmPetes Sctchaned Honoary Secrley,ary.i firmay is ow op ndforyth sasdon la'. ods o h ueo h Dona ttionsandlosubsacripinsdin aid of theW Fulds (whicharewin tvr lo suinte) formo teanestl reqesed andr ar cnrceivmayble obytamnelo bapld-stree t thesss Cofute and CoulStryanyday MeSunrs. Hres,cFeped)setreet; Mesrs Cobb an oClok..acated;tbyselidar of thne, DIrectors;eb thf ooar erisy n atG' theEG Loffices -I. bogaei-hiCntnonstret cingy, where aevr ifrmadytion relative tpptheiInstitftomgntlmayen dei CusontfracgtshfonSplies-ash Boardiae fof Manaemen wppilltmeet& For xuthr prticlth isantptp 'loka.y to reevJadcn Kinger T oleNDe,S fordn the y SUPPL ofBED,u,etgoey pea,nmlk talow,ft chOlry,bandTh oilan' ghoods, forate, mca of Sthe Panrinted fhorm oftende aund form ofe conractd mayd adbserotied, on Iplrestion atoleg thekn office,2, oulty many day (enda,y ehcepted)of hsetween 10-eeand toth o'ubc beDutedthsdda of Jhnsiutine, 1856 Offie.ls and2 b re-e'ctCLGiLnon.-Bu t bh udiio ut sed,nde nthendedar ofil Kig' Coillrege aremaready two receive o ppiginalionumbfro gabentleme medesru of oderi, ng teselvesras cavndidbatesdo theseo appokitmrents Forfturthers pArdticuarsaply toSRP-OSaeeansl otd an iVb FuanIdUfr ify Terpiaedbythe Rev. Thomnas Dale,S. Vincaraofst Vianrage, by, whom thisqfn asbe cletd nedmnserd e hav benreelctd t te ul bneit f heIntiuton; b9rftherlessh S.idenhv tss be roie fr,e7ty urchasebeat aTcat r b£1600 andt 2 tby se-elecion Bu h udin qie Elnsediand tfhere are stillr10 chlrnrmiig w fteoiinal number, haingben movendsb et,adsvrlhvn obtaILedAadmissinceinToAkinre and wilhe thsnkfully received byete hsrev.thomas Dale, Sate Paecras iN URGENT CA S ED.-The JUSiesKINSOh , onae of iv.n OhrhantYfSamiy,intn fathroraimother, one brothr tuh, secrit o th Cunt Rths drte LO roN soiRPHAN ASYLUM4o IVo., .660 anistand. eliibet,c98 for thiseetoeny Puroxieso wilalgbe thankfully reCorecived byMrtGWRhndstoew 1,TrorthPesnd usof-stadt or c . thninson. 44.uiondto sn-waiuncl to the child. lrk i.T.hee une meS.oed,oHorT begsoto Wetunedy ther betist,THANKes, toecfyn thoe fritend wof aidteretheri Mgsecringthes Electio ofdg thermtw forve the asssacep rheovedto iny seingdisretr. ttelt lcin i~~rNEYWWRONEW GREI0 JutClesk of the Peace.o Recrthe CountyhofSurreyt intbendto, raise th2snsof£8 00 n h scuriyof- thihebont aeo,eAunder the5povsinsofSa,Tvly Geo.maybe c. 64 and SPEando6 Vit.,o o the purposr. Te ofentnlargin the Huse ofth arferequredm tosnd daing toothe ofice oftewsClerkso athe. Peaf e,heuander& m hentioned,oni orneofor nsa,themo 2e5thb insTod.. ede seifin therater Of thi Mnters.theeMgstae do notF pledge them1,Reodofie, rt-street.Jn, Labeh Jne2186 iUBDCHAFBERS COSSOCIATW~AION. - th Hi ROmSmwhich becomed VACNTLEoN te t of soulyndx mlaysca bed seetonappicalttiomntothe Secrtary.d the lrgen icludses atheme gofd the coffee-room t nd drawing room, wihnwpper s,n.I addtintendane dufiser vfants,ache inthe situation hoe ofs the mosteligibled in Londoun,etk i,cpbyeordrcofG,thegfCommittee, PW.PiCHaRdSOcldn,gSuec. abl eaprrent-storeet amuney15. Asro.A0o5 leeust cipliarian, at a saluatioy of desireper annum Inag additio tof th duie b1oarteache in the College fohe must be preparedhasorent and undrtak won his onrespoinsibafte1 yteas coargbnti onexion with teCl pint.capablesofuccmmord-atng, fron toh 0ppl,ad nldnut ablreaprmns wihrforeafmiyncsmof£0 to £th0 willb requstite nilto fm senhtthesbardnestablishmen.. Tepeetfrhn a beTakNIaON anaens dsrd APON EThe averae numbrdofiupis-o beredi the home' Lyor thonae lasto1tyear hasbeent 4a Mr.STouR, whton is d trongater for yhears cnewWonrwihothe. Corlegertiliu bhapply poine asr hison sClerk torh and,ion, then meNtie,hwllnserin nilat beAsent toaFeste r bhw eq., Hon.ete to, teETT,o UNN NIONART,fomryPfGosNT venor-sqae, GudardifTansofe rrlarnd, sod Preqeter for thei nhewWrhueFo particular fsc lis, applyo pay the debts, tome the undersigned. GRANTHAM R. DODD, Jun., 26, New Broad-street, city, Solicitor for the Administrator. EXT PRESENTATION for SALE, in a south- wet midland county. Inromne about £500 pe'r annum, Duty light.T e letaioni otegible. Life very aged, Apply to AYvOSON r NET PRSENTATION.- WAN D, t PURHASR theADVOSONor N-EXT PRESNTAIONof LIVNG iththeprospect of earlyposesion. he loalitymust e heathy, nd anincome of from £30to £560a yar esied.Addrss conidetialy)to the Rev. bI. A., post- CIHURCH PREFERMNET.-For SALE the NEXT FRESENTATION to a LIVING, situate near iestonsuper-Mare, Somerset. There is no house attached to the globe, but an income of nearly £250 a year. Age of incumbent 63 (there is the prospect of very early possession). Interest -wl be allowed until a vacancy. Apply to Mr. Alen, 28A. Regent-street, Waterloo-place. -IlHURCH PREFERMEENT for EXCHANGE --A iving in Oxforlshire, of the value of £400 ayear-pqpulation400 a Living at Bath, incomoe £200a-year; a Living ix Wltlshire, income £400 a-year; a Living in York-sbire, incomez£00a-year; a Livin in Devon, income £X0 a-year; a Living in Monmouthshire, income +;200 a-year; aLiving in Wiltshire, £350 a-year. Furtherparticularswill be furnished to prineipals or their solicitors by Mr. AUlen, at his offices, 28 a, Regent-street, Waterloo-place. CHURCH PREFERBIENT.-To be SOLD, the XJ N T PRSES1TATIOiN to the RECTORY of a smaU parisb, situate in a very pleasant part of the county of Norfollr, andabout nine miles from the city of Norwich. The tithes have been commuted at the euro of £154 per annum. There is a very excelent parsonagehouse with gardens and pleasure groundsa adjointis, andabout 20 acres of glee land belonging to the rectory. The duty is single, and there is a prospect of early possession. For further particulars apply to Mlessrs. Foster, Son, Burroughes, and Robberds. solicitora, Norwich. I RON CHURCHES, Stores &c For SALE, sub- I.stantial CORRUGATED IRON- 9TORES, Churches. DweUlinghouses, antid every description of Buislding, adapted to all climates Iron roofs constructed for all parts oftheworld. An iron church. with sittisga for 750 people, for hire or sale. To view and for further particulars apply to SAMIL. HEMMING, Clift Homse Works, Bow, London. CIHURH FURN{ITURE WAREROOMS.- FRAINK SMITH and Co., 13, Southampton-street, Strand, An Illustrated Price Catalogue, containing upwards of 00 woodeuta, sent on receipt of four postage stamps. ARTESIAN WELLS, Boring for Water, Sinking AShafta, &c.-The nobility, gentry, water comPanies, towrns, baths, brewers, an manufacturers of every description, mnay bosupplise. with any quantity by DAVID GREENLEY, civil engineer and patentee Of boring tool.s, 10, Commlng-streetw Pentonrilie. Pumps and. machinery for raising wrater fromn deep w ells boring too4, anld weUl pIpes or ex. pOrtatico, Mewa nd tools sDUpled to bore for railroads, mIneral. aa. S TeITH'S LONrDON-MADE TABLE CUTLERY has been celebrated for more than a century. Prices gent post free.-72, King Wililam-street. city. T0 FraYSOAP MAEERS and others.-For F SlEasmall STEAMtJ CPAN- and SOAiPFRAMtl, vihAppsratus. nearly new;. Apply to Messes. MIedwin and Hall. -engineers, 92, Black-friar-road. whdere it may be areen. . .~~~~~~~~~~~~o GR EAT WESTERN RAILWAY.-On1 and after 1st June, IINTURN TICKETS, stsingle fares, (with the addition of a small booking fee) wRil be iwsued at the Paddington Station for Slough a, d Windsor, on Saturday and Sundays, available for the return o'rrney until the following Mon.day inclusive. L'IGIT iOUijsat the SYA-SLDE. RtR udZ abldfondr ath day fomly Londoen-brider1 Station returig 3s.Gd.Coere tirdclss. flEDEIC W.LOALGH, Managretr. London-bridge TermuusinMa, . E OUTHu-EA D t te erN a OAreaY.5xurindto ErwcbrDovsrour.-Inor tpswihasig and Back, comSaedcyueJoneSundayd Jvr und ,11.ayC unil~A TurAhe N noic.aSEALTR ll leave odnbig erminus fisorHasting tio at84 9 a.m., rcturing fro Ha staiongs Fat es rpmL, doFoIaresitheore lpwi and back:-Cover carriages, seon class,red. diet clses, 103.,an'&Ih t Londonbridg Termius. My, ~ stations Manaoger. b L14 ursins.- Thy atthe erma OcanEchuretwen toHarwich ad Doverourt or ~sweh, ad Bak.-O Scaayroune1, 18nd afodnd ever Sunay util urthr noice,a SPI weterAI oil lhearverth BSbopexatenStatsofiocat9am, callingate alStations ay2. Fae foLn donto Ylarwuch, Lorwestoit, aNdr b ackmbpnariages, 3s.-O covered carunes, 1&% ax; returmgatfromdaysha 7pm and Snaut frharwnoich atp.m.Reduce TICKETS also fro isterediatea StECAtLns PRAssengesb Londicn thusy enablingy athe to3 reunyeihr.ot, and b- h riary ordingm themain overortunity ofviewin thee roantclscenrfthie Orwell.~~~~~at ls.Beoi Cas bidCa Tittot trnfeal. do lugae llwd. a.d LowestofYrot,Lwtet.Nrec,Cmrdg,&.O auly June. ti126. and ber SavabefrteeturdyadSnd untilurter onoybytice train loavndLonweserytSaturday at 21 .m., and byuthe 5.n.1ordwnayh8a.rn. taim.n tevr Sudneday.o 'dedywekfloi toLondononthe TedyoTus.day wedk.ooigtedyo s Tletyittaseal. 100order. Lynn. . .126 100NXJ.E RA76.-EFA NoRwIcht .. SIM Hric,BryS d n Yormih Yrouth.1 20 Lowi0 100ndo Loesoudnto .d. s .J.d Wimtuham 8.25 a., Lyn .a., El61.5 03m3en abe1 bya raintr runnga6cm tms9i s9ih HaTrwichtoO.C. sT.. s .. wih Ha.wih, un S. Emud evertly Fia t15 pm,cmecn Fia.Jn 11815. Stowniarket ~ Fre tee ndbak Diss . - - - :: : First 1Scod6 Tir Lowsof dno-sd. sd.td Tritna.66 L mot, 50 33 orib ra.mre.;76 nLnonaot2pm (s 9 upe 39so bfl Sudhurenety. 90ce Bsopgae 70y 46 CPhASTERN . 8NIE 6 6LAY 6 4l th coprmn facarrigcmah . 1e10ed 86l 60isedahofl beor)te s h ayfrm 180dtoo issu90 Lores etoft .o)fo jLno o Detfto amot n Theksecoticktss will o avirs-lablefo returhldrn unndeyro the Tuewsda of Tuesdaylkweekma follown the hdate ofe isse,mbyr the Seacial pacrtio Passengers forom Yarmouth, Lom weys lorngthe2 adays,ch mat ast,or rturn toeLond-cnaon ther Wouedeay ohre Wednedyb ekolokghdt Thsticketsae not transferable.Byodr ~ASTE TN LBURYTIES SOIATHENDro tAILe lees tan Y fRour perso eGar ns, forawhih numbe of fis-clas pub assengers pecthe compainfrtmenthofat crFTRiaea bescured) wilre issued at the fnollttowngo ti reudfarwawihiues frm aodmon to thWesTeT Yardenouirth, Harwi2se10l.or seovercurt, an2aks hs fodn.aile nopr encturcvisitregth Sabiovena,e M ryrnglcs,wt3tLotno rturiong by ane of2 thaavetie trainseunigb (includaing them eGraess)endo backteroclonclass. FaIe;fistheclass,32.backfrevch or s.Dovercournd bck-eodcls is;frtcass,2,Chldenuner13 yrears.o age hRAlf-price.ALVA.-otceo Extr tic tetstmay alon bed hafter one membe of each, failprt As above,iornal seraies f joreys duing'sthes 28 days, at.m. first,aoriel. std neond-casster jttouneyteean. ak Thes t-in ketvnRngscos are notm.wtransferable.I Thores taixd carrn3 iagesaccrayngfmis are.5p. i otrnveye.da reduce ThpetroughtraidengsowreacBinhpgat Stainsron,a ..wH riea dis,continand SorUTHEf])iRAILn fLyinforme ath6atm,n LotUR (tICKeTas arweek issu6 atm. the Londo sbotatin hofuhi ltrwa, whichincluidesadmossi ato these p.ardens,ea ofirt cl30as,2.mO.; asa rseond-tas. s Fnechrmed-stee Stations. ay31 FoNr)furtLher and cosqetcagssethpiOUTshed TieaIle.o theundmany,eceted)te s f omfeJncue.-teto ihpgt-tetSa aftr oclckp.. rSEYtheRen bLAcK-Eca clneass is.agdr.;scn Fuoe Knchrc-stroet Station, Mlay 31, 186. G-REAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.-Notce of Anet addmtionaldran wKill ler Savetiong's-coss At 745aOR OrHahtbie andinlermevdliagteno stations. adBC, tteflown eue Thethrouhe otrion now reachiningngs-cra os aitiv 8a.mtwl arrives at 10.n5dom t cala orguat allsttisBetwee 5ee1orug and Hatfield. ThWrhnlaingteby roug at 6.51s.m. fOr Kig'-cos OdJ.b dicotnudnot .f Bici.. . .. 5_.o 33Od ThBtaiinwleaingtDoncaster at 6.m1.Ntiga at. 65.4 Od.m L Hcina am.,gan ute (tre day a. week) at. 6a.m. l 6dru aoThean hourt later rvHbeahiang Kin's-ros atn1d4 p.m.,o -insteradef 11.56ented andstatmpresent. edyo eun t h a okn Anic addCitionSalrai willh leaveyHatileld at6pm.friKing's-c ros Wand inthermedate stations. Torkfurther e and conuquet chngesn serte pulble ished Time Table of thelCordmpainy dated tHeustoflue Loundons.gKing's-coros Setatnion, frmay8 18yor5. igtbemi ArranTeCents foc2aaynwl be iaefra xessuoted utile beatofnOtober2 wiey], ordpirgton. or Harogkafter and BACK, aotnigthefloin. eue failresithude theeoption of returninges asnt arrive atbe Kings-ceros en halt fares. SEYMOeUR lass CLRdCenrlMaager. Whe-rosSaionby 5Odo d.yISs.1Od. ThGEsate" Hraterogat ercet.Deanu inerst for tbd. pResenTted anderstapd ton the pdhayf-ofaret a the railan on couficeat eitherscarborouh, Whitny, anl~rdllg,o roae afesoth coanse may be.adesdt m Milford Junction andnHull. days. on ayment a the aboewaer]ng-place olpedant. o h L WIoal an o M5pe aent moren the. price of'the ticke foreac King's-cross tation.7Londo, May31,01856 GAGErtrherae ofies S 3pr3cnt pernnu inteest f2r three years oLeavTe Stinteest to bepai hal-yerl inanar and2 Jul.3by copos,at Mesr. Smih,Pa4e and9 mhS.o baners London ferafloan to .2 beadrese to 5 5. R. 5O WATT See, betwen Staues, ghass Sunungdeek aydsco SatoS,oundays.r whic dTerains wilrna olw ilfrhrntc Dowus Trains.Class 'Class Class ~class class (Class _________ ___I&Z & 21,23. 1 2. 1& 2.1,2,3. 1& 2. 1 k2. Leave Waterboo~a.mn. ea. .m. p.m. p.m. c.M. p.m. PT p.m. Station Lson- 8.4510.45. 2.15 4.40 7.45 9,10 .0 63 Arrive Satues ..8.85 0L30 230 34518 284 1.0.26 .4 7.33 Egam .. .1 11.41 .36.43 52 8.51 10.5 3.5 6 7.44 LaeStaunns 8.45 104.0 215 .47 9.49 10.49 2.1 87.24 ArrivewAscrot .92 25 . 55 .5 1042 . 1tto,Ln~ .5.2 11.25.3,273 5&.8 19.20.12,3. . 15.2. dmon....p..nm.a.p..pm Leav urngte Ascot Rao81010 5 2., thes15 trin 5W 8.1 1.35de 7.y Berotweene Is4t 10a.3 2.56v 43d 5.31. Ist.40 2. 0 7s.3 London6and Fgham 4sa O. 2a 9d. I9d. Ge, OdL 4s. 3d, Su-ingdale 4aBd. 3s. 2d. 2s. 3d. 7s. 3d. 5S. 2d. Ascot .. 5s.Od. Ss. 6d. 2s. Sd. ta. Od. 53. 8d, Fares between intermediate stations in proportior- The rdtes for eason tick;ets may be learned on inquiry at any of the stations. Openingto Woksingharn and Pedng.-It is expected that the railway will he opened for passenger traffic throughout to Wekiagham and Reading on Truesdayw 1st July next. lBy order. AIC1ID. SCVT'T, Trafflo Manager. Waterloo-bridge Station, May 31, 1156. GIREAT SOUTHERN and WESTERN RAIL-- WAY, Ireland.-Four per Cent. Irredeemable Preference Shares of £20 each.-Twellth Call £1 per Share, making £13 called up on each share.-Notice is hereby given, tbat, in pursuance of a resolution passed by the Board of Directors, the Proprietors of the above shares in this Company are hereby requiired to PAY a CALL of £1 per share to any of the undermentioned bankers, on or before Tuesday, the 1st day of July. 1856. Should any cal remainunpaid after the day above named, interest at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum will be charged thereon, and no interest shall accrue to the proprietor of any share upon which arny call shall be in arrear in respect of such share during the period such call shall remain unpaid. By orderof the Board, WM. TAYLOR, Sec. King's-bridge Terminus, DubLn, May 31,1856. Bankers:-The Bank of Ireland, Dublin Messrs. Glyn, Mills, and Co., Lombard-street, London; the Borough Bian, Liverpool. XTNAIUR and LIEGE and MONS and MANAGE -LI RAILWAY.-Noticeis hereby given, thatthe HALF-YEARILY GENERAL MEETING of the Proprietors vwillbe held at the London Tavern, Bishopsgate-street, London, on Monday, the 23d of June inst., and in BrusseLt at the office of the Company, 9, Montagne de rOratoire. on Monday, the 30th of June inst., at 1 o'lock, on the general husiness of the Company. The Directors will submit a resolution in reference to a proposal they bave received for leasing the Mons and Manage Line. The Company's accounts and documents relating thereto will be deposited at the offices of the Company in Brussels, and of the agency, I0, Kings Arms -ad.London, on and after tho 16th inst., for the inspectionof the Shareholders, in conformity with Article 43 of the Sitatutes. Pursuant to Article 34 of the Statutes, every owner of certificates to bearer (an porteur}, to enable him to takopart in the General Meetng, will be required to deposit them in the hands of the Secretary of the Company for thatpurpose, at least 10 daysbefore hand. Receipts will bd given for the cerlificates so deposited. WS!. bOATE fi, A.et for-the Company and Provisional - Secretary 19, K[ings Anna-yard, Moorgate-street, London, Juno 2, 1856. SOUTH-WESTERN RAILWAY.-CEP SUN- Z DAY 1X Y XCURSIONS.-These trains wil oonumenoconSunday. 6th ApriL and coutinue every. Sunday t:ll further notioe from Water. loo-bndge Station to PORTSMOUTH and SALISBURY. at 7.45 arm. retmuiing at 7 p.m.; and to Farnborough (for Aldershott-camp), Winchester and Southsamptoo at 8 am. ; returning from Southampton at 7.30, Winchester at S, and Earmborough at about 9.15 p.m. Farea them and bacrk -Clo-ed carriages. 63. 6.L; ceated open carges, S. 6.. Pafdngter3 by these trains can take through return tickets to the Isle of Wightvrt Souths;uptor,for Cowecs, or viid Portsmlouth for Ryde, returnfing by same routes. Fares :-Closcd carriares, 8so. *seated open carriages. 5a. Conveyance betwveen statiorns and steamboat-piers is not providcd. For further particalars see published hand-blls3 aud timue tbl esA- RCH IfD. SCOTT, Traffic Manager. Wgater-loo-bridge Station, Starch, 1856. A SCOT RACES, bY the LONDON ancd SOUTHA WESTERN and STAIIEs and WOKINGHAM RPAILWAYS, to the ASC;T STATION, ivithin 40yards of the Grand Stand.- Arrangement of Trsins for Ascot Iaces, 10.th, 11thb 12th, aud 13th June,-On Tuesday. the 10th, and Thursday, the 12th3une, TRAINS, wth seated coveredandoen carriages. will mrn from LONDON to ASCOT, from 7.45 till 8.45 am. These Trains vill return from Ascot to lLondon from S.15 till 9.15 p.m, Fare^sthere and back, 7s. Od The holders of these tickets caunot leave Lo_don (aterloo Station) after 8.45 a.m., nor return from Asaot before 8.]5V.m. SpecialTrains on Tuesday and Thursdaywill run from Iondon to Ascot from 9.30 a.m. till 12.30 p.nL, and from Ascot to London from 5.15 p.m. t:ill .P.M. Fares there andbark or either way, lstclas312s. 6d., 2d class lO. Soilicientlstclass accommodation cannot be guarteed by every trtam. The ordinary dowrn trains from London to Twickenham andWimdsor, and from London to Hounnlow. will be suspended on these days between the hours of 9 a.m. aud 12.45 p.m. inclusive; the ordinary up trains to Loudon from these stations will also he suspended, but trains will be raun at iutervals uncertain. On. ednesday, the l1th, and Friday, the 13th June special trains wil rsun from London to Ascot from 9.30 a.m. to 12.30 p.m., and from Ascot to London from 4~30 to 9.0 p.m. Fares there and back-lst class, los. 6d clasas 7s. Doable journeY tickets, at the above-mentioned fares, canbe obtainec., on aud after Monday, the 9th of June, at Messrs. Tattersall's, Hyde-park-corner: and at the Unmversal-office, Regent-circus; Swanwith-Twvo-Necks, Gresham-street; Spread Eagle, Gracechurch-street; 53, King WiUiam street. city&; Bolt-in-Tan, Fleet-street * Green Man and Still, Oford street :leorge and Blue Boar, HolGora; Golden Crosa Charing-cross; Blossoms Im, Lawvrence-lane, Chea 'ideo*r 90, Hlgh-street, Borourh. ' By order. Waterloo-bridge hiation, May 31. 1056. S OUTH-EASTERN RAILWAY of SWITZER- LD LAND.-In virtue of a decision come to by the General A3sembly on the 23d instant. the sharebolders are desired to PAY the FOURTH TENTH of 10 per cent., say 50 francs, per share (deducting 3 francsfor interest, to become due on the 30th of June next), on or before the said 30th of June, free of charge, to Messrs G. Schulthoss and Co.. at Zurich. The Direction of the Soruth-Esatem Railway of Switzerland. Coire. in Sv.itzerland. the 24th of Mlay, 1856. E AST INDIAN RAILWAY COMPANY.- C Extension Shares.-Holders of bankers' receipts for payments on the above shares, who have not already forwarded tho same for registeration, are heseby requiredto REGISTERthe said RECEIPTS, and to Sign the Deed of SettUenmeut, on or before the 10th day of June next, in order that the share certificates:to vrhich theY bec<ome entitled, hen registred, may he prepared, as well as tbat their names roay he properly registered in the books prier to the closing of thesaOme for the interest payabtle to the 30th of June, By order of the Board, D L NOAD, Secretary. E ast Indi an Railwany Hlouse, Alderman's-wala-, Newr Broad-street, Sly 20. 1SD6. G REAT INDIAN PENINSULA RAILWAY COMlPANY: creation £1,000,000 further Capital-The Board of Directors hereby intimate to the shareholders of theGreatindianPenin. sula Railway Company that the Hon. East India Company have sanetioned the raising of further capital in this Company to the-extent of £1,0000,00, wit interest guaranteed at' the rate of 5 pwr cent. per annum. It has accordingly been resolved, pursuant to the Act, to iasno the said capital rateably among the shareholders, in shares of £20 each, one new share to be given in virtue of every three shares of £20 value upon.the register of the Company on the 22d of May inst., and the Board have, by such resolution, made a call of £2 per share on every new £20 share so allotted, (with the option to the shareholder of paying up the wholez£20.) which is hereby declared payable at the Ban of Slessrs. eHyood, Kennards, and Co., Lombard-street, London, on or before the 6th day of June next. Circular,lettera of allotment, with directions for payment and forms of receipt, wiiU be forwarded toithe address of the several shareholders. CORNEIUS INICHOSON, Superintending Director. S. New Broad-street, May16, 1I56. The books for the registration of shares willbe closedfrom Thursday, the 22d of May inst., to Wednesday, 4th of June inicusive. MADRAS RAILWAY COMPANY.-Final call on first extension of Shares, malang £20 paid.-Notice is hereby given, that, in pursuance of a resolution of the Board of Directors, the proprietors of firat extension shares in the Miadras Railway Company are required to PAY Tho FINAL CALL of £5 per share on each of their respective shares o0! or before the 27th day of June instant, at the Union Bank of London, 2, Princes-street, in the city of London. Notice is hereby further given, that interest, at the rate of £5 per cent. per annum. wll be charged upon ali claims reMiring unpaid after the day above mentioned; that the proprietors, W 1ca lls are not paid on or before the day named wfill further incur s loss of interest on the amount called upon each share for the period intervening between the 27th day of June aforesaid and the date at which the ComPany is entitled under the contract to make the next paVment to the East Iada Company on account of the capital, and that if default is made in payment of this call, the shares in respect of which default will become llable to forfeiture under the Companys deed of settlement-By order of the Board. JAMES WALKER, Managing Director, 33, New Broad-street. London, June 2nd, 1856. F OREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIATION.- J Commanding Capital of £500,000.-A Joint-Stock Wine Coln. panY, governed by seven Directors, and formed for the purpoee of sup. plying private families and establishments with foreign wines and piirits. in large or smnU quantities, at really wholesale Drices, that ig, irom25to50 percent. urnderthose of wine merchants. Exmples:The finest Champagne, at £6 its, the three-dozen case, instead of £10 16s.; Clarets, fnest Chateau Brans Cantenao or Rausan, hfargaux, at.£3 8o., instead of £12 12s.,; Sherries, at 25s*, 56s., and4is. lnplace of 36s., 4SE., and SOs.; Poria, same ratio' and the iineat p ale oArowa ,Cognac, 26o. per gallon. Applyto. 'CW. Stapleton, Esq., Secretary anld MIanager, 51, King-street, egeent-street, for prospctuse and detailed price nsts. The principal clubs in London supplied, All wines sent out on approval, or eamilles forwmarded first ir desired. Terms, cash or references. N. B, Anud at6 Boulevard desItaliens.P.ar NATIONAL DISCOUNT COMPY, Limited. DIRECTORS. F.W. Russell.Esq.,M.P.,Chairman Edward Hales, Esq. W. P. Andrew. FEsq A. Mkackenzie, Esq. Archibald Boyd, Esq, J. B. Thomson, Esq. George Burnand, Esq. H. H. Toulmin, Ewq. .U M Chaytor. Esq. Edward Warner. Esq., Mh . J. U. Ellis, Esq. F. C. Wilkdns, Esq. Auditcr-J. M.BeUl, Esq, . R. Fenwick, Esq. Wmiua-e B,1L 3?.WlDebber, Esq, W. Ship-n, Eq. a nlrers-The lnion Back of London. This Company has commenced busness, sad the Directors are ready to recelve money on deposit, at such rates and terms of repayment as may from time to time he agreed upon, and to discount approved mercantile bills, By order cZ the Board, RtICEHAID P1RIOR, Secretary. Offices. 25, Bichin-lane, Lombard-street. London, June 2,1056. RREAT NORTHERN LON'DON' CEMETERY COIMPANY. Capital £150 000 in shares offES each. Deposit £ per share. Liabillity lmited, and calls of small amount, at easy intervals prescribed by Company's Special Act. Shareholders entitled to ground for afamily vsat in exchange for a paid-up share. This Company having made considerable progress in the laying out and drainage of their cemetery land situate near the Coiney Hatch Station of the Great Northern Hallway, are proceeding to enclose and plant the same, and to build the necessary chapels and stations, witlh a view to its opening at the earliest possible period. The Cemetery when completed will be second to none of the existing Cemeteries, consisting as itdoes of 160 acres of suitable land (two-thirds of which will be consecrated) vithin seven miles of London, accessible by rail iniS minutes and on allUsides by public roads, having separate stations, w;ith appropriate waiting rooms, at 3ing's-crs and the Cemetery, and distinct traffic at all honra by expressly-fitted mourning car. niages, offering ground for a family vault for 7 guineas, and possessing~ many other distinguishing features of an equally advantageousan economical character, Shares are stil being issued at the CompanysS offices, No. 122. High kolborn, wvhere appUcation should be made personaly, or by pre-paid leter addrersedto the General Manager. G REAT NORTHERN LONDON CEMETERY COMPANY.-Parishes, b-urial boards, or other soCieties requiring separatebuial grounds (consecratedor unconsecrated) nearLondon, with railwa) communication, and without the expense of purchasing, draining, laying out, fencing, and planting the land, or the annual cost of maintaining the same, and providing chaplains, sextons, and other officers, are requested to make immediate application personally or by pre-paid letter to the General Manager of the above Company, at their offices., 122, Hligh flolborn. "ME, LANDS IMPROVEMENT COMPANY L incorporated by Act of ParUament 1852-5, for England ana Scotland, and further empowered by Amendment Act, 1851-55.- To Landowvners, the Clergy, Solicitors, P6tate Agents, Surveyors, &e.- Tenants for life, trustees, owners in fee, ineumbents of livings, bodies corporate, lessees for lives renewable, or for a term of more than 25 years, (and lessees for lives not renewable, or for a term lees than 25 years, with consent of their lessor, &c,l) are enabled, by way of loan from the Company, or bytheir ownfunds, to execute andcharge on the lands improved, by way of rent-charge for a term of 25 years, repaym2 capital and interest, the cost of every landed improvement, especially of drainage, irrigation, warping, embanking from the mea, rom lakes, rivers, orstreains, enclosing any land, or improving drains streams, or watercourses, reclamation, farm roads, clearing, erectienof farm-housea and other buildings required for farm purposes, and the improvement of and adoitions to farm-houses and other buildings for farm purposes aheady erec'.ed; planting for shelter and for periodical cuttmngs, jetties or Ian - g placs on the sea coast or on the banks of navighble rivers or lakes in the Highlands and islands of Scotland, engines and machinery for drainage, engmne-ounses forfarm steadings, &c., water wheels, |tans, pipes, vatercousnes, cridges, sluces, &a. The plans of build. ngs, specifications, and eestimates are prepared by the applicant's own agents, and am submitted to the approval of the Ec0losure Commissioners' Inspectors, w ho are also the sole judges of the due execution ot the works, Broprietoramay apply jointly for theexecution ofimprove|ments mutually beneficial, sluch as a commuon outfall, roads througb the district, wfater powver, &c. The Directors wish it to he uderstood that the Company gs of a strictly commercial character, and that the details of the plans and of the execution of the works are not interfered with by them, but are controlled by the landowvner and by the Enclosure Commissioners. For further information and for forms of applcation apply to the Igon. Wiliiam Napier, Managing Director, 2, Old Palace-yard, Westminster. SOCIETE GENERALE des CLIPPERS FRAN. CAIS(emnCommanditel. Capital2,0o,00X, or £S00,00u sterling, ! n 203.000 shares of 100f.. or 54 5,c COUNCIL in PAiRS. M la Comte Simeon, Senator, Director of the Lyons anl Mediterra- nean RaUlway. Paris Rear-Admiral T. Deloffre, former Prefect of Cherbonrg 3fL le Marquis de Verclos, Member of the'Corpo L6giLailatlf SL le Comte Williams de Nienwerkerke, 104, rue dau aubourg Bt. Honorb, Paris M Ernest Lafond, 9, rne St. Florentin, Pari AL S. Bellone, shipowner and rmanufacturer, 2, rm de Puffnt, Paris SL Augoste Odier, 33, rue .Neve desMathuris, Paris. COMMITEE of SUPERVISON in EYGLAND. Celoasl G. E Pratt Barlow, Chairman of She Southampton Dok Oompany rhillip Patton Blyth. Eso Wimpole-street, Londonx John Boreadaile, Eeq. (Jobn BorrAdalle and Co.. Calcutta), Glocester- Place, London Cbhs. Saumders, Eq. (McCalmont, Brothers, and O) Li ol asptain Henry Shuttleworth, lder Brother of the 2rinit:-home, and Director of the General Screw Steam Ship p o Company L R. Thomson. Eaq. tL R. Thomson and C,St. BPete-chanabers Cornhill, London Colonel G. A. Underwood, Director of the General Screw Steam Ship. ping Comp)any. Pr&ants-Grsham, Deo LI.ae, and Co. Bankers-In London, Mesr Cnrrie and Co., 29, Corbhll; in Paris, the Bank of Franoe. Legal Council in Paris-Mon. RaTeau, notary* Mons. Petit Bergoxz, soliciter : MIons. Baudoin, AgrrOe of the 71hiouaW ofcemmerce. Solicitors in Londin es-M sra. Oliverson, Laie, and Peachey,8,P. derick-plac Old Jewry. Official Auditor-J. E. Coleman, Msq. Stock Brokers in London-Messs. Huggins and Roweell, 1, Thread- needle-street. Agents and Ship Brokers in Edgland-Mesms. Cunard Brett, and Austen. London, Liverpool, and 3outhampton. Offilces in Paris, 20, rue Neuve des Capucmes. Offices in London, 11, King William-s-treet, city. Howeell, stockbrol-ers, I, Threadneedle-etreet: to M esss Cmiard, Brett, ane' Asuten, agents and eniubrok-ers, 150. Loadenhall-street, London; S, York-buildings, L.iverpool; and Caunte-road Southamptonand at the offces of the Company in LSondon and Pai Form of Applieation for Shares, Messrs. Graham, De Linares, and Co.. G&rants of the Societe GOnfrale des Clippers Franrs. Gentlemen.-I hereby enclose the sum c being Xi deposit on shares in the SociOtd G6:oralo des Clppr Fresocais and I reqluest you will allot moe shares of lOQf. or £4 each, and I hereby agree to accept such shaven or any less number tht may be allotted to me. and to pay the remaining 78L. or £3 Der share, at tho time that may bie appointed. I am, Gentlemen, your obedient serant, D?ate ................. Name in full. Profeesiou .............. ResidenceIn fulln PIlae of business .................... M ESSRS. COLLS, LOWVE, and Co., 5 Henriet- street, Coventgarden, bill brokers and money dealers latc of llombard-street, take leave to intimate to English and foreign cornmercial houses and others at the west-end, tbat BiILSessenllll uer. cantile and foreign pa egenerdl* ame DISCOUNTlED bythem at the current rates of the day. Cashalodgmenin are lilcewise received for such periods and onasuch terms asmay be agreed upon, consistent wvitlh the state of the money markcet, thereby affording a remunerative investment for surplus caPil either permanent or temporary. FORTY SHARES, of £5 ea^h, in a first-rate com- F pany, paying 10 per cent., to be SOLD, a bargain. or Portion of them, tho money being immediately required. This seotho found a speculation, and will stand, the test of iDiViry. Apply by letter to Y. Z., 239, Maida-vale, Paddington. ~JOMMEROIAL BAING COMWPAY of syD. 'W8ldes-L'I'TR nl of CemDIT UPon tA abov B>ank will be GRANTED by the LondonJoint-Stock Ban the moatfavourable terms. r ,u oemlnDte pht$e ct0 pg t money ar an faria for openaing accounts tent free on aiEcatlon PETER MOERRISO__Managn r Dector. N\i lThe UNI NBAK of LONDON, as .-1 ax-entb for the Natal Bank, hereby give notice, that they ar preparedto RECEVE MIONEYS onaccountof thatBaak,forwhich they ill ssue letters of credit free of charge. Januaryl I.SS6. VAN DIEMENs'ILAND, Hobart Town, and Laun- ceston.-The UNION BANK of 1,0hDON, as agents for the Commercial Bank of Van Diemen's land, are prepared to receive sumsS for the credit of parties there, or grant letters of credit, paj-ilo at the current rate of exchange of the day, at Hobart Town or a. ceaston. C OCIMERCZAL BANK of VAN DIEM3ENs LA'D.-The Bank of New South Wals 37, Cannon4treet. GRANTSLETTERS of CREDIT and BTLTS of EXCRANGBat3b ta' ght, on the Commercial Bank of Van Diemen's land. payable at Hobart Town, and their branch at Launmeston at par JOH SkI?iO*. Secetryh. TOND ON CHRTEREDBANKofAUSTRALIA: incorporated by Boyal Charter.-OfSces, 17, Cannon-street, iETTRS of CREDIT and BILLS of ECEHNGE are GRANTED On the branches of this Bank at Sydney, helaourne, and Geelou. Draftseonthe- australian colonies egotiated and(sertfor couectioh , By order of the Court,eG.M BE}e, Sec. June [5HPROVED DEPOSIT, Discount, and ,Aaig }-The IRFE ASSIAUCE TREA LIAY guarantees tO its shareholders not less than 4 and not more than 12 per cent, interest. The deedise GRready for signature. Forms of applEca tion. Calcmaybehad. t, Cannon-street lest. Gp. H. IDLA. anager. II OYA BRITISH BANK.-Noticeiaherebvivers, Lit that the Chief Ofices of this Bankr bus been? REMIOV*ED fr^om Tokenhouse-yard to the Banks prmcyises Iformerlp the South-Sea House), in Threadneedle-street. June 2, 18SG. HUJGH INNS CAMERON, General MIanager. and 6TS orh d AUSTRAIAN Capitalpaid up £500600 051 yRyl hre,18. I,etters of credit on the Sydney and IIeihourne branch may be jobtainedwithout charge. Approved drafit on the Australian colonies cashed, and bills sleatfor oollection. By order oftthe Court, CELL MoorgatB-street. 3.W. 'Place, . Se retrsy. R EMITTNCES T,O INsDIAtnd AUSTRALIAd- s The undersigned GRAN DRAI'PS and LETTERS of CREDIT on Calcutta, Madras, Bombay, Melbourne, and Sydney, whithomtahadde for commission: also Letters Of Credit availsble t Coentsntinopue, ealta, and efery principal tohnin Europe. East India Army and Colonial Agency, 12S, Bishopogatesnirent, and 63. CornhilLe THAUSTRAL JOINT-STOCB BAN, Sydney, A i elhournp.-LEtTTEr1 1BDIT Cur DRetS arn aNd Co., No.4. Lombard-street, the agents of the Banlk They also un dertake to negotiate builv and to male advancesonsdcritede at tthe current rates. By order of te Coum t of Director Australian Jolut-tock Bank, Sydne e y. D A I E W REWCP, Manaer. D E O I A-L Ae , ceste r-s qu rt e ANK ~ ~E3aEse ofA ST A AIA(ncroatdbyo. to fron time to time, and bear interest at Lo per cent. per annmt. Depotitors for to, three, or more years are allowed :6per cent, per Bills are cashed and advances made to responsible Persons, in sums ranging from .20 to £1,0RDI repayable v.ithin three months, or by instalments within a year. B. W. SEAlE, MIanager. Q OT ASRLINBNKN OMAY incorporated by Royal Charter, 1847.-The Court of Directors CRANTEar LETRS o CEDI antknderBnILSuone trnhesCotablish Bank, Adelaide. atparB. Approved drafts negotiated and sent for colleetlo& SBmuness with all the A5lsalian Colonies conducted through the BaNkw's agents, Apply at the Com-----' offices, i. l Hobart Ton Londonc, Mayeto San Oldh radstret Loundon. IMMn on,lfast, 1850.FWIlIaM 2 DY, Manager. f ¶ENERAIL BANK of SWITZERLAND -NoticeI Widhereby gives, &tat the PRlOVfISIOwALx CERTIFICATES of the FIRST SERIES Vwill be ready for deliveryF at this offlce, on and after Tuesday, the 3d ofEJmune. The bank-er's receipt for the preliminary deposit must aensmpany the receipt that was given for the balance of the first instalment, and mint he endorsed by the original allottee, end given up on appliation beng made for the certifiratee. By order of the Board. WORTLEY DE IA IORE, Sec. pro tar, 2S. Threadneedle-street. London, Mtay 30.1S660 BANK of AUSTRAASIA (incorporated byRogal _JCharter, 183, 4, Threadteedle-treet London. P- £0;00,000, with power to increase to £1,200,00DO n Pi-p aia LETTERS of CREDIT Ipayable on demani) and cILS of EXCHNGE are G lATDon the udeunenhaoned branch establish. mnents, at par, .i,- S4ney WsliVtmstogn Warrnambool Gewcastle Ballarat Hobartl n IpAlich, Morton San,hurtt " aunceston Bay Castlemaine Adelaide hMelblourne Belfast, Port Pals Bills drawn on Australia are also forvardedfor collectionP Applications to be made at the office of the Corptoration, a, Thread neeore-street, London. By order of the Court. LLIAID. , Secretary. HTIONN BAN of AUTSTRRIA: London Office qJ33, Old Brosd-street.-The Directors of tinsP Bankc GRAHi LETTERS of CREDIT or DRAFTS on its branches atSydney hlelhourne Bathurot Nev Sount Geelong Victoria, lrisbane o Wales, Portland t Goulbourne sLhauceston obVan Dyement Adelaide South A nf HfobaretTown and, PortAdelaide 5 tralia, Atpr. And o tho3 e in . ew Zelgand, vIte, We lligton,hAckland, Nelson, end Lattelton, at a charge of 1 per cent, They likewise negotiate approved bils aonthe colonies, and tend ont bTmls-for collection, the terms for which may be obtained on applicaon N.B. Letters of credit and drafts may als abeproced oufdesart. Glyn and Co., 67, Lombard-street. By order of fthe Board, H. W. D. SAR GDeRS, Secretasl. cashhabroao f0reo of commsion. TheBkalsoissues,frce of' charSe. lettesof credit onKa the princpal cities andtowusin Euerope, tohe letterificredatiareisued onl at theheay office in Lothburyc The crcularnoves mayeh obtsatei at the head-officesinLo.thbury, or atanJ ofthel branc hes. muetvaks idohezocl:-c% n Westminster Branch, 1, St. Jances's-suare. Bloomsbury Branch, 214. High HIolhorn. Sonthv.ark Branch, 3, Wellington-street, Borough. Eastern Branch. 8e , High-street, WhitechapeLt St. Marylebone Branch, 4, Stratford place, Oxford-street. Temple-bar Branch, 217, Strand. The rate of interest alowred on deposits of £80g and ppwards at the Bank or anyof its branches is nowfour percent. J. W. GiL BART, General MranagDer. ('1 U S T 0] D of INDiANMo SE3CURITIES.- tJORIE 'AL BANR CORPORAION.-rgith reference to the noeticationof the East India Company, intimating the discontinuance ondtbe thele safe GcutodyofIndiaonGovernimentppaptr, shares in the capital stock of the Governmen tndother lo stock and drawv interest and dividends On the same an they fall due, on the following terms: If to be remittedthrough the Corporation .. .. Withont charge. If to be paidinIndia acomuissjon-wgu b charged of 1-ith per cent. On returing Govermatent paper or share certi'riates out ofE safe custody or (if sold) on payng othe pro- ceeds of such sale i India, a coU ion wAil be charged of.. . .. . .. . ..Itpecn. On the saie of Goveunent paper or other stocl;, the ITper n proceeds of which ore to ho remitted through the C orporation N. .. .. .. .. .. .. la o charge. HE., Powrers of attorney and other forms are supplied at their off6ce. Office hours fronm 10 urn, to 3 pmn. and on Saturdays from 10 to2. W. Va . CARGIi L e Chief Manager. London June, 1156. AN of t EW SOUTH WAES: establisbed A 1817. IncormratedlbyAct of thV Cosonial Leglslaturein18ob, and con irmed by L aues t t in Cou nci-7 Cannon-street, ity, TheBoard of Directors GRaNt LETr ERS of CRExITpayable on demand and BILtraS oEaCHnGE at 30 days' eight, on the under. mentioned establsments of the Corporation, ate ar :- New SoutheWales, Sydnes Newvcastlo Ipewich. ?ilaitand Brisbane Melbourne Casctormin, Beechworth, Geelong Ba JHNllaMNrateretry U neton SandhCaAt And also on the Commerdial Bank of Van Diemen's Land at H obart ToBu and LaoLcerton. The Directors also negotiate approved Bills of Exchaney, and send them or collection, dran on Ouany of the Australian coloni tes The Western Bank of Scotland and SCRkey's BankingrCuotpny are anthorizedutorant credstn on thisBaukattheseveolnestabishmento in A nstrdia, and swill negotiate bills drawh on the Australian colonieds Byordar ofthelondon Board, JOR SAILION. Secretary. TtnITED STATES and CANADA.-The UION BAN of LONDON, as agents for Messrs. Duncan, Shermnan and Co., bankers, Newr York, hereby give notice, that they are prepared to receive moneyson accounct of thIaTtSrfo>r which,lthey wfill Gsu,fe fcarge LBTaSo EiTl, or Cugircta,Nlso 1 endiupward silar tothose insuch extensirnse ondthe continent of Europe and eJsewbem, payable at the followingplaces inthe ruited States, Canada, 5 c. UITERD STATES. Towns Correspondentsr AChcany Ge . Abanyith Bank Augusta, Ga .. .. .....Bank of Augusta Buffalo. . Lee and Co.'s anuk Ditto .John B. Lo andCo. Boston .P.. . . . . H.E Thayer and Brother Baltimore .. .. .. .. M' iim nnd Co. Cleveland .. .. .. .. C ommercial C anks Chicagot . Gorge Smith and Co. Ditteo.H.. . . . . A.& Tucker and Co. Ditto .S.. . . . . H. P~Bnrch and Co. Cindinnati .... .. .Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Co. Charleston .. . . .Bank ofCharleston Falls of St. Anthony;, Minesota J. George Lennon Galena .James Carter and Co. Hartford .. .. .. .. IHartfordBank Louisville .A. D. Hunt and Co. ilvwaukie. State Bank, Wisconsin Mobile .S. JobuPorers and Co. tiehissas Cityr .B.. .....ranch Stawte naakof Indiana N ven .. .. .. .. Souther nk NXew Hatven .*- *- ..Newr Hven Bank Newport.. [NahVile, Ten.. W. E. atia nd Co. Oswvego Lu. . . . . .ther, Wright, and Co. Phi-alplia Philadelphia Bank Provdence .Exchange Bank P Wtt..u. .N . Rolhmes and Co. Portsmouth ., .. .. .. -ietau -cageB Pcoria, Dl.J........... .. .. .. J. P. Hotchkis and Co. Reokford, lL........ .. .. Robertson, Coleman, and Co. Rochester . Roc.. h.. .. Reshter CityB]ank Byracuse .... .. .. .. .. Bank of Syracuse t. _ W. Clark, Brothers,and Co. Ditto .L.... .. .. .A .. Benoist Saratoga . . . Banlk of Saratoga Springs Springiseld . . . .thc eBn Sackett's Harbor . Sac ett's lraror Bank San Francisc ....... .... . Als sop and Co Sacramento ... D.. .. ..D. 0. Mills and Co. Toledo. Commercial Bank Utica . nOtario Branch Bank Doaitgton -.. -. Ban. .. ..uk of Utica Washington ..... . ig andCo. Columbia, California.: D. . Tl and Co. CANADA. Bylovvn .. .. .. .. .. IMfD BrockI-ll-e. BeUlevne Coburg. Damndton.BanBnk of Mlontreal, or Commrcncia3 London t B ank of the M idland District Portt Hope. St. EKatharine's -.. . , Havannah . .Drake and Co. Ditto .. . aronis, Frdre5, and o. St. Johrn's, Porto Rico . . 1'........ I= tne ad=Fesd'eP Mayaguez .:I Panama.. . La.Ier, Fernandez, andCo. VsPana na. . Ga.. r.i,onamsndFrets La . .*r* * Alsop and Co. St. Thomas .Alsop and Co. KingSton .. Rob... Swift Bermuda -. , .W..ln3wn Barbadoes ..Sanel P. Musson Mesa&rs Duncan. Shernan, and Co. vill purchase or seU Americn Stok, railroad and canal shares. &a., in the United States and Canada, and reee the dividends under powers of attorney on the same, tho amount of which, less charge, ell be payable to the parties at the UnVon Bank of London. 2,Princes-street, Bank, 1652. a few 2100 SHARES in the LAAI- FO-H9W'AeTaER WORIKS, witth&e umal dividend at the rate of fivc per cent. per annuLl payable in July next. Apply to Mesisr Cannon and PeDy, Tokenhouse-;ard, city. lull?Re} O C*nn on-Areet NEW EQUITABLE ASSURAXE C`OMyA.ZP k. Ban}, , 8 I.ondn Brands Oofes, Sav ingsO Every decrcnption of ifre Asurne budnzhanc NICHOLAS WETON, Actuary and Secretar. BONUS idERIN'G, 1855. T oins ISITUL LIFE and GUiAI1A - the 2d of July, a BONUS was DECLARED averaging 29i per cent. on premiums patid, ora reduction of 27 cent.from the annual pre- ~~ ~ ~ GEOROE~~WILSON, Chainnan. JEMOVAL of OFFICS-RTS.E .JLIUMUTUL IJF ASSURANCE qOp~ANy, incorperate 1847.-Results of nine yeare'bumneess:-7.80 olice -ssedtisuin £1,571.229; aeccumalatedfundfrom urecneoma, e98 £45,41 lse. 10d..; Vrofitg divided, E28,000. New Offloes, 3Z ew Bridge-street, Blfa Lodon JAS. I1GLIS, Secrelr.- 1 2NDISPUTABLE LIFE POLICY COMPAiy The ANNUAL GENERAL 3MEETIG will be held atts Ion don Tavem. Biahopsgatestreet, on Friday, the 13th inst., at 1 o'clock precisely. The three Directors who go out of office by rotatiseWili Ad3m.s Esq., Henry Auustus Bevan, Esq., and Charles Octaviun Parnell, Esq.-offer themselves for r London. 2, LomIbard-street, June2, 156. Tf HE ROYAL NAVAL, MILITARY, EAST J, IN-Dr, and GEN-BIALIrE iASSUFCE SOCIETrY in5tituted in the year 1537. Asurances are gcantedupon the lives o' persos in every profession and station of life. and are extended to tropicl and ocher climates. on conditions more favourable lespecialy to the navy and arny) than heretofore have been deemed practicable. WX. M. JMAES, eetay ACCIDENTS._nsn=ances t o accidents and external injuries ma be effected at the ofices o£ the TRAVELLEItS and MARINE INSUBPCECOMPN, Nos 42 and 43, Poultry, London, at the following rates- Sum nt Death. Weekly Allowance. I Annual Premus,m. £100 t £ 0 a £010 0 l OD S OI 2 0 0 Prospectuses and every information may be obtained on application at the chief offices, or of any of the local agents. FRANCIS COBR , Registrar. 42 and 43. Poultry, London. SUIN LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY, Londoim. Policies effected with this Society ow wrill participate in fourfifths, or SO per cent., of the netprofits of the Society. according to th, conditions c6nrtaied in the Society's prospectus. The premiums required by this Society for insuring youtng lives are lov;er than in many other old-established offices, and insurrs are fully protectedfrom ai risk byan ample guarantee fund in addition to te cumulatedfunde derivedfrom the investmenta of premiums. Policy stamp, paid bv the office. Prospectuses may be obtained at the office in Thread needle-street, London. or of any of the agents of the Socet CHARLES HENR LIDDEiDE Actary. T TNITY GENERAL ASSURANCE ASSOCL&. .-) TION. Chief offices, Unity-buildings, Cnnonstreet dtS.-The Directors ofthis Association aredesirousofreceivigAPPuCgIONs for LOA.N S Tarying from £100 to £300DO. on eligible eronalor other securities, in connexion with life asguranoe_ The oonssdsrations which guide the Directorn are:- L The respectability of the application. IL The undoubted responsibilty of each proposed surety. These considerations beingprovided for, advances wil be made for I. ADSpenrod from three months to fiveyeac IL mo eraterarmount of iuguranoe. Im Five per cent, per annum interest. Applications for prespectuses, foryas of proposal, and all other in. formation are requested to be made to THEOAS HL BAYLIS, Managin,Director. TJqHE GENE LIFE and FIRE ALSSUNCE NMYEtbsie1837. Empowered by Special Act ot George Bousfield, esR CT ndleyR Esq. bP. Tahobs Crallis Co. Wa William Hunter. Faq., Aid. JacobsGeprgehGon q. Jame3Pilkington, 8tq.,3LP. Joseph Dawion, Thomas Piper, Esq. Thomas B. Simpson. EFq. Benjamin lRdgington, 3sQ. Thbe Rt. Hon.C. P .Tlliers, M,P. John T. Fleteher, Fq. Edward WVilson, Fq. Lovrates, and the payment ofpolicies guaranteed by a capital Loanis from £300 to £1,020 advancedl on personal asecin-ity and the depositi oft aife politcy Such loans repayahle in three years, bylialf. OWANCtR of £6 per WEEK, in cseo nuyby accident of any description, or the mxm of 1,000 in case of death,rmay be secured by an annual payment of £3. for apo itn the RAILWAY PASIIENGERS' ASSURANCE A weekly allowance of l for Injury or £310 In cae of dea secured byapaynento lOs. No charge for stamp duty. F'orms of Prepossi psrospeftnsp, "e. may be hoa of the amege, of the clerks at all the puncipal railivay ttations, and at the head of'fce, London, where also railway acddents alone may be insured againt by the journey, or by the year. as heretofore. WILLIAl,r J. VI&N, Secretary. RAlwayPassungerg Insmance CompanY.empoweredbyaSpecialAct of Parliament: offioea. 3. Od Broadstreet, London. CONOOIC LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY.- E BERY FREDERICK STEPHENSON. Esq., Cbairman. ROBERTTBIDDUtLPB Esq., Deputy-Chairmai. The advantges ofthis Society are Economy and Security. Economy- 1. By low rates;c premium. 2. Blyhaving noshareholdere topay * the wholo of the profitsbeing divided among the assured. 3. By the expenses of management being reduced to a sml percentage, in consequence of the number of those who have to contribute being so large. Seemity- From its invested capital of 1,500N,000, and its annualincome of 4240.000. both of which are constantly increasing. Full statements of the accounts of the Society, and of itsBogrs positLion, and'prospects nre presented every year to a General Meig which is open tol memberswbo have been assureld by the Society for four years on the equal scale for the sum of £5 or upwardls. For particulars apply to ALEXADE ACDONATh, Secretarg, 60 New Bridge-street. Blaolfriars. p ELICAN LIFE INSURAN.CE COIPANY J (establishedinl797) 70, Lornbard-street city andS7, Chaing-cross, Westminster D DICTORS. Rtobert GurneyBarclay. Fsq. Eirkman D. HGLIgson, Esq. Wilham Cotton, Faq., F.R.S. Thomas Ilodgson. Esq. John Davis, Esq. Henry Lancelot loUland. Esq. William Walter Fuller. Fsq. Benjamin Shaw, Esq. James A. Gordon, I&D., F.R.S. MatthevWhiting, Esq. Henry Grace, Esq. M. Wyvill jun., 15q. 1MT. The Company offers:Complete security. Moderate rates of premium with participation in profits. Low rates witbout profits. Bonus.-Four-flfths,or SO per cent. ofthe profits are dividedamongst the polcyholders. Loans- in connexion with life assurance, on approved security. Amnual Premium required for the Assurance of £100 for the Whole - Term of Life:- Without Wit i Without With Age. Profits. Profits. | Age. Profits. Profite. £Sd. £5 X.6d. I S. d. I£s. d. 15 £11 150s 10 21810 3 6 5 20 1 13 10 1 19 3 50 5 09 4 10 7 30 2 4 0 2 10 4 G3 6 1 0 6 7 4 Forprospectusesand forms of proposal apply atthe efficesasabove orto any of the Company'sagents. ROBERT TUCKER, Sec. 1%JONTARCH FIRE anld IJFE ASSUJRANCE 1. * COMIPAll Adelaide-place, London-bridge, and 28, Regent. street, Waterloo-place. Fetabloshedl18t5. Sir JOHN MUSOROVE; Bert.. Chainnan. Progress of the Company. Income arsing from Premiums and Interest on Investments:lS51 1 1852 1 1853 185- 1 1855 49,922 01 1 £51,974 16 1 £56,694 1910 I £72,039 9 11 1 £6,878121 I=E BUDESS, Life insmrances are effected in all its branbces both at heme and abroad at the most moderate rates consistent writh security to the assured, comprisig whole life and short term poUlicis, Insurances for adults payable at a stated age, or convertible into annuities. Endowments for children payable at any peciod between the ages of 1t and 2L Decreasing or increasing scales of premiums. One-half of the annual premiums for the first five years may remain asapermanentchargeuponthepolicy, at5 per cent, per annum in- i One-fhird of the premiums may remin unpaid util death thus - affording the opporetity to insurers of efecting a polecy for £1,500 at the premium wVhich would otberv.isebe required for £1,000 [ Creditorssandoershavingabnafideinterest in poliies can bave themn renderedindisputable securities. FIRE BUSINESS. Every deseription of pire business udertaken at the ordiny rates.- GRO. H. JY, Manager. DFiVSION of PROITS.-Special Notice.-Intending assurers are informed thatall proposals, on the profit scale, lodged with the Comnpany or its agents on or before the 20th July next, sill participate in the profits to be distributed in 1a7, and will have a full year's adrtage over Proposals lodged at a subsequent date. -EHE L ANCASHIRE INSURANCE COMPANY ,L Exchange-steet, St. Ann's-square, lilancebeter; LIondon of fice, 2, King-street, Cheapeide. Capitaitwro miulions. TRUSTEES. William Entvisle, Esqi., hanker, Mancheerm Arthur HL seywsood asq banl;er Manchester. J. P. Brows n Wc steead, Fq.. Lonoon. BONtJSES FIREand IFE, Life-SO per cent, of profits divided triennially. Fr0e-tO per cent, of polcies divided oannualy on poli.cs of three years' standing. L The large capitaL of two million.E 2. Of whicn £1t44 400 is actually subscnbed by a large and oetlthe - proprietary. 3. Paid-up ctpital and surplus atset, upaerds t of £375,000. Premiums to Assunre £1OD forthe whole Tern of kif e Age 20 3su o0 S1 5 60 Bonusrates a £17 o£26 0T C3 61f Jl 6 9 £6 7lo WithoutBPonus.. 11310 2 2 86 216 91 4 2 6' 6 S 0 Na dmedicat fees (ndS tamps paidby the Company. Fire insurances effected on fatourable termss and annuac bonus e made to the insured. Prospectmsee will be iorwarded free on appicaton. JAMBES Eh, EDY, General Manager M5anchester. JOHNH3. 3MclAREN PesidentSecrcry,2,xing-azc, Cheapeside, ,l UARDIAN ASSUANCE OFFICE, fl1, L,oin- hard-street. London, 23d.May 38566.-otice ishereby given, that~ the ANUA GENERAL MEfN of the Proprietera ofthe Guar-. dian Fire and life Assurance Company wilIbe held at the Office of the said Company, No.1 1L ombard-street, in the city oS London, onx Wednesday, the 4th day of Juno next, at 1 o'clock in the afternoon precisely, w;hen the Directors of such Company wll pursantto te Do tes tronad uistior,subi tor the eEiWeethrga general accuno the ps apuarsun o thCompst ayTIf ansd.atitheu aeMeeting, adividendwllbedeclared for the yesr endsag24thJune, 1836; also, that the tranferbooks of the Comrony will be shut on Friday, the 30th da of Mrayirnt4anct,n openbd againlon Thurda the 10tih dayof JnIY neXt, On which latter day and anys dayafterwards (Szaturdaiy excepted), from 10 o'clock ii use mornmin until 3 o'clock in the afternoon, the dividend so declared as aforesai will be payable to the Proprietors. The aCCOUntls will bes open to the inspection of Proprietors, betwreen the hones of 12 and 3~ dnurmg seven das prior to the Meeting. Notice is also given, that, at the sasneMeetiog, t.he Election of Direclor andAudto s fo h nungtryaswill take pace pursant Noti0 is here'by further given, -bit the Extraordjiy General hrOee Ing of Proprietors held on the 25th day of June, 1855, wa adjornmed Until the then next Annual General heeting of ProprietoMa such ad- ourned Meetingill, therefore, be held on the 4th day of JuDe next. im nmediately after the conclusion of the ordinory b umes of the An anal General " eetin, for the purpose of taking into onsidemLion the resolution to be proposed, of which notice wras given at the iaastAnnujl General Mfeeting of Preroietors~sd resholution having for its object to repeal, alter, or amend aO existing ia and reEtion of the Com- pany with reference to the amount for which the B irectors are e powvered to assureuon any one life or lives, - - GEO. KES, Secretary. FIEASAAC COM1'AiY Bartholomew-ln,Lonrdoes Preidents-SA.UEL GURNEY. Faq.. ;Sir M6O ES ld ON:TE FOltE= Bart.' DIRLECTOR.S. James Alexander, :aq. Samuel Gurney. jun., Fsq. George HL Barnett. 1aq. James Helmes Rq. Sir E. N. Buxton, Dart. John Irving, Faq. Sir Robert Campbell, Bart. Sampson Lucas, Esq. Benjamin Cohen. Esq. Thos. Masterman, Esq. James Fletcher, Fsq. L N, De Rothsehild, Faq., ,Lp Cbarles Gibbes, esq. Oswald Smith, eq. [William Gladstone, Esq. Thos Charles Smith, Req. Idfe assuranmces e granted under n extensive variety offor, nd at moderate premiums; the rates for the younger ages being lower than those of manyof the older andmost.resectable offices ParticiPation of Profits-FoDrf-flfthsv or 80 per cent., of the decared prosts will be dinided quinquennially among those entitled t, partidc pation. Non-participating Scales of Pemium-Podlies iesed at minimuu rates without participation in profits. Life policies are not liable to forfeiture by the lives a rd Prooeed. tag beyond the Prescribed limitoewithout the cognir,ea of the odr ofzudshpolicies. hodx Reduced extra rates for regidence out of Europe, No charge for stamps or meedicalfee eFire assrmnces, both Athomeandab,roace &aepted at Yeayom derate premiums. eo arS e d c partie pte in5 tahe Prs profits ivn r ites pect of poliCie s i n fo rjC tuig e mae god,andtheCompany are lable-for 3os s e s ab y e x p l o si o n e x c e p t w h . -' n oi c c a i o n e d b y g u n p vow d e r o r i n c a s e s Detaiedoetus BTs w be e onapplication. FRANCI AUGUS08 ENGLBACH,Astuary and Sicretv7l-
PARLL4IXNTARY NO1JCEB& I H07JSB OF CO311MONTS. TupTTEnAY. .TTTr, 1- ear- -t - - -rrs Sir C. WapiM,-To ask the Prst Lord of the Admiralty. if he hag any objection tolay on the table of the house returns of the vessels of war of al descriptions put out of oommision dinue the signing the treaty of peace; of Coast-guard Men discharged from the fleet; of riggers and men who have completed flTeYears'aerece nd ba e beenz dischaged; of the number ot mnen so, discharged anen= t on abare vtbouttbeir acounts being settled: of the continuation mennow in the service, with their rating; and of the number of men the ships now in commission are short of complement 9 Mr. Isaaeutt,-To move the folowing resolutions:-"That in the opinion of this House it is desirable that the tax called minister money, now levied in certain cities and towns corporate in Ireland, for the support of the clergy of theestabisbedchurch, phouldbeabolisted; thatothe prolsiosahoul bmaeort purpose for whichi tha tax wsimposed: that it appears to this Elouse that such provisions might be made with advantage and propriety, an in accordancewitle ancentnase ad peceen, b adptig aranemet'Which would annextoth churches bin thos7ecitdiesand towns, a aortion of the re- enues of rural parishes the circumtanes of which would admit of suds appllmtion; that&his HTousein ready to givo its early and favourable consideration to a measure ior the abolbtion of miniisters' moneybased upon these princples; that it further apperrsto this House tht it would be of advatage to empower similar sxrangementrto be mado to increase the income of parishes in other populou and important places in Ireland in wlhih it may appear desirable to make such i- creased provision." Mr. Fagan.-As au amendment toMr. Butt'g motion, Thsat io Jnt, 1848, a select committee of this House appointed to report vhetsec any other and what fund may be rendered available for the purposes to which mniisters' money vws appUed, reported as follows :- T'hat an augmentation of the funds of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners may be rendered available as a substitute for ministers' money. andrecommend with that siew anamentdmeat of the Church Temporalities Act may be made; that the adoption of this measure will involve the interposition of a newv trust, and the postponement or reinquldhment of some of the ultexiorobjects contemplated by the Churcb Temporalities Act; but any objection founded on the displacement Of the original objects of the Chh Temporaities Act will be more than countervailed by the g reat advantageswhich, in asocial, moral., ad religious vew, wll arise from the removal of an obetale to those feelings of amity and goodwill mbich it will be eentially conducive to the general interest or the counta in encoura;ge between the working Protestant cergy and the great body of community among whom in the frcisan ton obtf Ieandhueiiber dcuties aere usefully and honour_ ably performed ;" that whenL the select comiteadthfogig report and recommendation the permanent annual income of the Eclesinstical Commimioners, during the lear ending the £st of August. 1E47, and including private subscriptionsfor rebuilding and enlarging churches, amounted to £11,426, while the manual pemanentexpenditureduring the same period, exclusteo £fl0,vo a-Year instalment of a debt dueto Govermentnowpaid otC amounted to £83,83t; thit,he permanent income of the Eeolesissticad Comnnasioners has nnually mcreasedsince 1847. and is stil increasing; that in the Near ending the Ist of August, 1S5. it amounted to 4112,763. hilethe permanentexpenditure, including the payment of £8,210 mnzidsters' nmoney, reached £111,24; that. therefore, it is the opinion of this House, thatthotime has arrived when the recommenduation of the select committee should be adopted and carried into effect, by reneallugatax which is triflng in amount, partial in its isepostien. andan enduring "obstacle to those feelinga of am ity and good will among a'l cla'ses and creeds in Ireland, w hich it in escsetially conducive to the interests of the country to encourage;" thaIt therefore this House wilL at the earliest period which ita rules vwiUpermit, take into consideration abiU havingforit bject the intal abolition of the tax now leviable in lieu of minister's money in eight corporate towns in Ireland; that, in tao meantime, the House is-of opinion that it would be seiously injurious tothe public interest that an unseemly and ineffctual coniicS between the Government and the corporati-jns of those eight towns shouldarasoinattempting the recoveryof this tax as a debt to the Crown. Mr. Blaci,-To move, as an addiUonal paragraph to the resolutions of fr. Fan-tht, at the same time the tax for the support of the ministers of the established church imposed on two towns in Scotland (Edinburgh and Montrose). which has been the occasion of frequent andscriousdisturhances. and great scandal to religion, should be repealed, andilse stipends of the ministersyrovided for out of the rente of the bishopric of Orhcxey. or other public funds. Mfr. Dillwy,-That. inthe opunou ofthss lIoure it is expedientthat infuture allUSentenCes of deathbecarriedintoeetwitbin the walls of a pisonbefore proper and sufilcentwitnesses. r. AIMfalon,- eect committee to investigate the operation of the recent statutes relating to the sea coast fisberies Of Ireland, and to considerthe expeiency of re-assimilatingthe law of Ireland onthatsubject to the law of England. Mr. EL Berkeley,-BiUMtorepealan actofthefirsttearof Jameslr, entitled "An Act for the better repressing of Drunlriness." now become inoperative and ob o.lete, and in its place to subs titute a measure better calculated to effect that purpose. MIr. Rowyer,-Select committee to inquire into the claims of Mr. Edwardc, as representative of Mr. Eturgeon, on the funds provided by the French Governmentfor compensationtoBMritlh subjects OaERsIS Or TE DAY. Specialityand Simple Contract Debts Bill,- Second reading. Registration of Voters tScotland) Bill,-Committee. Supply,-Report. Burial Acts3 iL,-Secondreading. E_ cise BiU,-Cemmittee.
THE A-n RICA2S RAVE XOT=G TO FiGnT ABoj.- -To send Mr. Crampton home is nothing. It is no- a war measure; itisa peace movement. It will be the removal of the everlasting enlistment difficulty from the two troublesome negotiators, Palmerston and Marcy. The peoSle of England care nothing for it; we care nothing for it. It is a matter of police with us, just like any other violation of our laws. MLr. Orampton once ont of the way, and the laws havebeen vindicated. England cannot recall him, because he only obeyed orders; we can dismiss him ; and it is probable that the truo men in England sincerely desire that It may be done. There are some nervous and weak people wgho have confounded such a proceeding with offensive and warlike measures. That is great follythere is not a speck of war in it. It amounts to nothing b an act of our own internal administration, with which England has no concern. We send her agent home, saying to Her Majesty, " MIr. Crampton has violated our laws, and in. doing so, in a Government solely of laws, his example cannot be tolerated; we therefore send him back to you. What we do is to protect ourselves, to execute our statutes, and to preserve the integrity of ourinstitutions." Therein no war in this; it is food for silly alarmists-that is alL. Again, the Belise colony is another affair which is said to threaten war. If so, wil somebody tell us how it istocomerbout7 Englanddisputes with us on the Clayton treaty; but she offers to refer the matter to an umpire of our own choosing. War, then, must come of our declaration by Congress; for, if resorted to, it must be to dislodge Great Britain in the Belize. That declaration must be made after we shall have rejected the profferedarbitration. Now, thereis suctlathing asanabsurdity; at ileast there is with those who express fears of a war on such a basis. Nothing can be more silly-nothing more preposterous. Even MaTcy and Palinerston, who have been playing for the stakes, have never thought of war. They are annoying tricksters and selfish bunglers, but tbey know that no harm will come of the dispute. We have just witnessed the termination of the great Russian war. The protocols of the Conference at Paris we have already published. They bespeak peace to the world. They write the history of the last war. They tell the story of that agency in settling disputes, and proClaim to mankind that at is a murderous process at best, doing endless injury-doing nobody any good. The Paris Conference has become the underwriters o} nations, assuring peace and inaugurating the reign of industthroughout the world for many years to comeperhaps for ever. Ships and railroads are to take the place of forts, and internal commerce is to unite the nations into one great social family, and to give the law to their political intercourse. Political revulsions in the domestic concerns of nations will be, doubtless, of frequent recurrence; but such things only indicate the progress of the people in matters of local government-the gradual encroachment of the popular upon the aristocratic power of the nations. We have no serious dispute with England, nothing to estrange the two nations from each other, certainly nothing to quarrel about. In the Crampton and Belize matters there does not appear to be a point of possible collision.-c2Io York Hcrald. THE 3A1ITmLm LAw OF TAnIOwS.-There are - old men living who can remember the time when the United States contended for these principles against Fanc,3 and England, and were at last, sorely against their will, obEged to declare war in order to assert them. There are many who remember how angrily the treaty of peace was received here, because it did not emphatically secure the rights of neutrals, who can recall the furious onslaughts ofT the British press on the same treaty, because it did uot deny in exuress terms that neutrals had any rights at alL. The world is but 40 years older since then; but what changes! Now it is the European Powers who are afraid of privateering, and alarmed for their trade; and it is the United States who hold alooE from any general expression of policy on the subject ! Mr. Pierce declined to treat vwith France and England on thesubject of privateering, because he conceived that in the present state of our resources privateers would necessarily be our only means of offence by sea during the first 12 or 1S months of a, war. He might have taken the further ground that no apparent necessity existsforany conventions, ortreaties, orprospectivebargainsofanysimilarkind, between this country and the European Powers. It is not the policy of the United States to tie themselves down to thi or that because at the time they are ask}ed to do so this or that seems to Europe a proper thing to do. 'Weare quite satisfied that we sh not go wrong if weleavetothestatesmenofthe day the responsibility of acting according to a free choice whenever trouble may* arise, and we prefer that they should bethusuntrammlled. Wewantasfew treaties or conventions of entanglement with European States as can be. Oar ways are not their ways, our interests are diverse from theirs. It is best that we' pursue our destined course separately, and without anyjoint clogs. These and similar reasons seem to account for the late refusal of the 'United States to enter into a treaty disclaining the use of privateers. It is evident, however, that the practice of the United States cannot be very different, as a general rule, from that which they avowed nearly 60 years ago, and which the principal nations of Europe have just adopted. If it seemed fit to Great Britain to make war upon this country, and to launch her enormous fleet against our shores, itis probable tbatprivateers wouldbe our only resource, however inadequate and temporary in its character; but in any ordinary war, deliberately commenced and undertaken in cold blood, no such makeshift would be required, and the immense maritime interests of the country would dictate forbearance from a policy which any small Power might retaliate with uzterest on ourselves. The other pomts of the decla' ration will find no questioners at the present day, though Enrope and some parts of this country were plungea into war on account of them within the memory of tale men. Free ships make free goods ; no paper blockades; the flag covers the cargo; and, tle further extension of thin principle, free goods are safe even under an enem's fiag. These are principles which it is thc highest honour of aussia, Denmark, Spain, and the United States that they recognised last century, and which the growing humanity of the ge noew converts into generl maximsW of law. Let us thank Providence for this small concession to mercy. But, why waste timne on details? Can there ho any more w.ars ? WVhere is the nation that is rich enough to go to war at the present day, when science has added so enormously to the strategic science, and money has become not only the sinews, but the bones of war? We published thc other day a memorandum in which the cost of the past two years' war to the three princpal Powers engaged was roughly set down at eighteenhundred millions of dollars. The mind failstograsp such asum; butan ideaof thisexpenditure may perhaps be formed from the mere statement that it is considerably more than twice as much as the whole value of the estate, real and personal, of the city of NewYork. This brings it home to us. Twvo years' wvarwould cost us as much as the whole city of New York has cost to build, furnish, and store with property, goods,andmnoveaWles of every kind. It would be a very vital question that would draw us into a war at sulch a cost.-lWcne Yorl; Hcrad THE SMo'. NiwSAwCE-A bill brought dowse from the Lords on the 26th ult. repeals the provision in the 16th and 17th of Victoria, c. 128, which exempts glaA* and pottery works from the operation of the act; lbrt the repeal will not take efect until the lstef Januay, 185I .
fQO-ilf ABETa7nd CITYI.NTELLIGENCE. Monday Evening, The confirmation from the United States this morning of the recognition of the piratical Govern-. ment in Nicaragua caused the funds to open at a further decline of three-eighths per cent., but a recovery almost immediately took place, which was i in a great degree maintatined throughoutt the day. Consols for money, which left off on Saturday at 94g to i, were first quoted 94*, whence they advanced until they touched 941. A partial reaction then took place, and the latest tranlsactions were at 941 to -. For the 10th of July the latest price was 947 to 95. Numerous purchases on the part of the public were the cause of the rebound in the morning, and the diminished firmness at the close was partly attributable to weakness oll the Paris B3ourse. Bank Stock left off at 216 to 217*; Reducecl, 934 to g ; New Three per Cents., 94 to s; India Stock. 233 to 235; India-bonds, Is. discotut to 3s. premium; Exchequer-bonds, 98q- to 09; and Exchequer-bills (March) 3s. to 6s. premifum, (June) Is. discaunt to Is. premiumn. The foreign stock-market opened with heaviness at a decine in prices, but there was subsequently a partial recovery. Turkish SiY per Cents. were negotiated at 99 for money, and 991, % and *I for the account. The Foiu per Cents. guaranteed were purchasedI at 103-s for money and 1(3- for the account. The general operations comprised-Buenos Avres, for account, 75; Chilian Three per Cents., 693 Danish Three per Cents., 84*; Mexican, for account, 22', 231, and 15; Peruvian Four-and-Half per Cents., for account, '7 and iil8 ; Russiall jour-a.nd-a-Half per Cents., 97 and 97A, Sardinian Five per Cents., for account, 92. and 92; Spanish Three per Cents., 46 formoney, and 47 and 48 for the account; Spanish New Deferred, for account, 25- and 26; Spanish Certificates, 6, t, and : per cent.; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 65; .and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 9a;. In the corn-market this morning there was no alteration from the rates of Monday last. The final prices of the French Three per Cents. cn the Paris Bourse this evening were 7j4f. 30c. for monev and 74f. 50c. for the account, showing a fall of more than a-half per cent. Her Majestys ship :F antome has arrived from A-ustralia vwith 8,000 ounces of gold, valued at S2,COOl. The Paris letters to-day state that the losses from the failure of M. Place, which was announced on Saturday for a sum equal to '20,0001., will chiefly fall upon persons well able to bear it. It is said that M. Place only recently retired from the banking-house with wlhich he was connected with a fortune of 200,0001. The advices from Belgiumn confirm the recent statements regarding the progress of free-trade opinions in that country. It appears that in a debate just terminated in the Chamber of Representatives, 25 members out of 6Swereinfavourof thefree admission of iron of all sorts, and that a reduction of duty upon pig iron from 46s. 6d. down to 1Ss. 7d. per ton has actually been votedby a largemajority in both Houses. Iron was considered the article on which the greatest efforts of the Protectionists wouild be ccncentrated, and it is said that the result now obtained would have been deemed impossible even a few months back. The enlightenment which has taken place is chiefly due to the activity of the Belgian Association for free thade and of its president, M1. Corr Vander LIaeren. Tne gold brouight by the steamers Hcermann and America from :New York to-day is 175,0001. The commercial advices on this occasion state that the political developments at Washington hadproduced a decided panic in the stock-market, although the mercantile classes generally were indisposed to believe in any hostile results. Erie Railway had declined from 50 to 54*; Panama, from 103 to 09; Reading, from 88 to 860 ; and Illin1ois Central Bonds, from 87 to 86. The fact that the democratic nomination for the next Presidential term was to take place to-day, the 2d of June, at Cincinnati, rendered it probable, however, that a less violent course would soon be adopted, as after that date President Pierce and his rivals -will have less inducement to pander to the popular passions. Meanwhile, the nature of the arguments used to justify the recognition of Walker is clearly seen. In professing to take legal proceedings against Walker's agents and followers at New York the Government had adready denounced him as a pirate, and since that time nothing has occurred except his defeat in the war wag`ed by the Costa R icans in defence of their independence, and -which has resulted in his being threatened with extermination. It is, moreover, observed that the pleas of President Pierce,-that the government of Walker has been accepted by the people of the country, and that the United States recognize, without question as to their source or organization, all Governments that may be able to establish themselves,-are known by all the -world to be incorrect. So far from the Govermnient of Walker having been accepted by the people, he could only mam1tain himself by shooting General Corral, the head of the Nicaraguan army, and by threatening with a simiar fate every citizen -wha should be found by word or writing to have encouraged the slightest resistance to his band. It is also notorious that his only means of supplying himself with funcls has been by levying contributions on all the inhabitants, foreign as -well as native. In relation to the readiress of the United States to reco,gnize all established Governments without reference to their origin, it is pointed out that the Republic of Liberia, wvhich has been recognized for yeals by all the leading Governments of Europe, has vainly sought the same advantage from the Cabinet at Washington, the reason for the refusal being that its people belong to a coloured race. These advices likewise recall attention to the circumstance that the speakers in the Legislature at Washington who have been most anxious to excite sympathy for Walker are Colonel Jefferson Davis (the Secretary of War) and Mr. Quitman, the two strongest advocates of American repudiation. The enthusiasm on the subject at Xew Orleans, whence hundlreds of armed volunteers were rapidly embarking, was at the same ti.me avowedly to be attributed to a desire for the extension of slavery. The trade reports from the provincial towns for the past week show a tendency to dulness wvhich has been only partially checked by the reduction in the Bank rate of discount. The weather and the holydays have been among the causes which have interfered with business. At Mlanchester the market ogned with geat flatness, but there was a better tone towards the close. The Birmingham advices descrile the continued disappointment as to the extent of the foreign orders for 'ron, and state that for the inferior descriptions lower prnees are accepted. The general trades of the place, however, show an approach to animation, the colonial and continental demand being good. At Nottingham the transactions in lace have been small, but in hosiery considerable purchases for home consumption have been made. In the woollen districts there has been a diminution of activity, but confidence is well maintained, and from the Irish linen-markets the accoimts are still satisfactory, prices being firm and employment general. The Neew Joint Stock Companies Act has been reprinted, with the amendments made in com mittee and on recommitment. Its main features stand as originally proposed. The act is not to apply to banks or insurance companies. Under its provisions any seven peisons may form themselves into an incorporated company by a memorandum of association, stating the name, lacality, and objectsof the undertaking, whether the liability is to be limited or unlimited, the amount of capital and number of shares. A form for this memorandum, together with regulations for management, are given, but compamies may add regulaticrs of their own if they prefer so to do. A rg ter of shareholders is to be kept, stating the number held by each, and a list of them is to be annually prepw'ed, and kept open for inspection gratuitously by chareholders, and on payment of one shilling by otAaer persons. -After the 3d of November next0all partnerships of more than 20 must come under the act, unless ensthe0- uinder act of Parliament, Royal charter, or in vhe jurisdiction of the Stannaries. 7With reoa-d to management it is providedthatavote of thheefo lths of thetsareholders il numbep andl valte shall be sufficient for special resolutions, and that -upon applica(ion from one-fifth in number and Talue the Board of Trade may appoint inspectors to examine into the affairs of the company and report accordingly, such examination to be at the Vxpense of the applicants. A company may also IP general m eoting appoint inspe per of its own, who are to have the same powers as if appointed by the Board of Trade, the only distinction being that when named by the latter they are to report to the Board of Trade as well as to the shareholders, while if appointed by the shareholders they may report t3 such persons as the meeting may designate. If any company carries on business when the number of shareholders is less than seven for six months, each individual -who may be a shareholder during that time is to be liable for all its debts. The jurisdictions for winding up are to be as follows :-In the case of a nmine within the Stannaries, the court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries; in the case of a limited company mi England, the Court of Bankruptcy; in Ireland, where the registered capital does not exceed 5,000e., the Conmmissioners of Bankruptcy; and in all other caseif the CourZts of Chancery in England or Ire land, or the Court of Session in Scotland. In England or Ireland, when an order for winding upis made in Chancery, the Court may put it in bankruptcy. In companies with unlmited liability any person who has been a shareholder within three years of the date of winding-up is to be still liable except for debts contracted since his retirement, while in limited companies the responsibility is not to extend beyond one year. A company may be wound up whlenever a special resolution has been passed to that effect; whenever it suspends business for a year; whenever the number of shareholders faDs below- seven; whenever it is unable to pay its debts; and whenever three-fourths of the capital have been lost. It is to be deemed l nable to pay its debts if a claim exceeding 501. shall have been neglected for three weeks. Among the clauses introcluced in committee are several of a stringent character for the examination of persons withholding information or effects, the punishment of directors with two years' imprisonment, with or withouit hard labour, for falsifying books, &c. The present act is to repeal the Joint-Stock Companies Act of the 7th and 8th Victoria, c. 110, the Limited Liability Act of last year, and the Winding-up Acts of 11th Victoria, c. 45, and 12th and 13th Victoria, c. 108. The accounts from India to-day describe no material change in the import-markets, bitt the tendency at Bombay was towards improvement. At Canton prices were dull, but a large business had taken place at Shanghai. The attempt at the latter place to give an artificial circulation to Mexican dollars had -wholly failed, and was likely to be abandoned. The failure of the American firn of LNye, Brothers, and Co. proves to have been for 700,0001., nearly half of which is due to Chinese houses, and the assets are estimated at onlv 300,0001. A considerable part of the loss will, it is supposed, fall on New York. Ad-vices from Mauritius by the overland mail to the 29th of March state that the mortality from cholera was decreasing. The departures from the Port of London for the Australian colonies during the week have comprised eight vessels,-three to Port Phillip, two to Sydney, one to Adelaide, one to New Zealand, and one to Lalmuceston,-with an agggregate capacity of 6,079 tons. The rates of freight exhibit a slight tendency to improvement. A meeting of Buenos Ayres bondholders took place to-day, MIr. J. D. PolIes presiding, when the particulars of the recent proposals for an adjuistment of their claims were presented in the subjoined form:- "3MIsOR&NDtLn or BASIS PROPOSED nY T11m GovERs- AIEaT or BuESos AYREs FOR TnE SETTLEMSNT OF TrE DEBT DUE FOR TIIE LOoxn Lo eN. " To provide for the full payment of the interest and sinking fttnd of the original debt, in the manner followIng:- *'In 1857, 30,0001.; 1858, 48,0001. ; 1S59, 60,000.,; 1860, and thereafter, 72,0001. annually, for the payment of interest and sinking fund. For the payment of interest overdue at the present date to issue and deliver to the bondholders new bonds of the value of 201. or 501. each for the total amount thereof. These new bonds not to bear interest, but provision to be made for their payment in manner following :-There will be assigned to their payment the full product of the canon enftiteuico at present over-due (save and except a sum which will not exceed 15,000. to pay off the " classified debt" still existing in circulation), as also the full canon eafiteuttico which becomes due and is hereafter coUected (save and except likewise that derived from public lands belongingto the Ejdos of towns in the country appropriated to them respectively by the law of municipalities), it being understood that this said assignment from and after 1861 shall not fall below 60,0001. annually, and, in case of deficit, it is to be made up out of the other revenues of the State. " Provision will be, moreover, made for the extinction of this debt due for arrear interest by the Government becoming obliged to receive the bonds issued for it in payment of all public lands sold in the country (excepting the areas of towns) at their written value (par) at the current exchange on the day of such payment, five hard dollars to be computed for the pound sterling. " For the interest accruing between 1857 and 1860 bonds wll be issued in like manner, and under tIme same conditions of payment, as those proposed to be issued for the arrears of interest due at the present time. " Buenos Ayres, March 8, 1856. "R IESTRA." It was stated that the arrangement for the principal of the debt meets the concurrence of the comnittee, but that theyobject to theproposed manner of dealing w ith the arrears. iIr. Giro, the commissioner, has also, in his correspondence with the Finance Minister, annolunced the desirableness of the Buenos Ayres Government constituting a 3 per cent. stock to satisfy these claims, with the view of assimilating the settlement to that carried out several years since by Chili. The committee fully support him, and they have already despatched letters to urge upon the auithorities the ftlll completion of the arrangement. WVith slight modifications it is thought they will be enabled to accomplish an adjustment preserving the essential features of the Chilian contract, which has all along formed the groundwork of the negotiation. The pi-incipal topics discussed were the publicity necessary to inform the bondholders of the progress of affairs and the appropriation of a portion of the stock created to represent arrears to remunerate the committee, Mr. Giro, &c., for their exertions. Annexed are the resolutions agreed to *- "That this meeting, having taken into consideration the propositions made by the Government of Buenos Ayres for the adjustment of its foreign debt, contained in the letter of His Excellency the Minister of Finance to Mr. Giro, dated the 8th of Mlarch, and the reply given thereto by Mr. Giro, dated the 28th of March, desires to express its entire concurrence with that reply. " That the proposal to liquidate the arrears of the said debt by the issue of bonds to bear no interest, being not only inconsistent with the obligations of justice, but a mode of settlement which has not been adopted or even proposed in any adjustment with any of the other late Sganish American States, cannot, under any circumstances, be agreed to by the bondholders. " That this meeting, in requesting the Committee of Spanish American Bondholders to continue its exertions to bring this long-pending negotiation to a close, cannot but express its satisfaction at the prospect now afforded to the bondholders of a speedy and satisfactory termination thereof. " That this meeting authorizes a deduction to be made through the medium of the agents in London of the Buenos Ayres Government from the bonds to be issuedfor the aforesaid arrears of interest of 5 per cent. on the amount of such bonds, to be placed at the disposal of the Committee of Sp.anish American Bondholders for the remuneration of the parties who have been instrumental in bringing about such adjustment, and for the payment of the expenses wfhich have been incurred by the committee in this matter, and for their remuneration. "That this meeting desires again to record its senso of the valuable support given to the representative of the committee in Buenos Ayres by the Right lion. the Earl of Clarendon, Her Maiesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs." The following on the Manchester markets during the past month is from Messrs. Robert Barbour and Brother:- "This market has been principaDly supported during the past month by tle large purchases made in April, keeping spinners and manufacturers wel engaged. Few new orders have been given out, and as previous contracts became com. plete a greater disposition has been manifested to make sales ; more particularly duringthe pastfortnightbusinesshasbeen dull and irregular, still there has been no accumulution of stocks worthy of notice, nor any great yielding in prices. It nay be stated generally that purchases can be made 21 to 5 per cent. underthe ratscurrentamonthago. Onthe whole, there is a healthy and general business going on both in the home and export trade, and it is not suirprising that foreign merchants bave latterlybeen acting with caution, as the ship- ments of cotton yarn and goods durin g the first four months of the present year amount in value to 11,625,0001., compared with 10,440,0001. in 1855 and 10,214,0001. in 1854. The reduction in the value of money is viewed with satisfaction, but is not likely to have any immediate effect, for, though discounts have been high, there has never been any dificulty in negotiating good his. "laInthe Liverpool cotton-market the sales during the last four weeks hasvc shown a marked diminution as compared wits theprevious month, the weekly average being only 41,000 bales, against 84,000 bales in April. Prices, however, have on tme vwhole been well supported, the decline on some qualities being nominial, while others have yielded about.jd. per lb. The imports recently have been very large, and the stock during the present month has increased 14:5,000 bales. The gnantity at sea is also nearly 100,000 bales greater than at the corresponding ponod last year Tt is important to notice that the deliveries from Liverpool tc the trade have averaged 5,000 bales per week less than in t855; tsis may probably arise from a reduced consumption he e, as, up to the present tiuse, fewer heavy fabrics have been made this year than last." The annexed, on the tobacco trade, is frossm tIr. H. N. Davies:- "The sale,S daring the ourse of the mlonth are estimated at nearly 2,000 hhds., and quotationsare arranged to accord with the advance establishea, It was evident that extended production was essential to check the upward tendency so strongly exhibited in all markets, and hence the crop on the ground has attracted more than ordinary interest. For some time past the backward season has proved unpropitious for the young plants, and by the American letters lately to hand the opinion prevailed, among the best informed, that, under the most favourable circumstanges, it will be Impracticable to raise a large crop this year, and, moreover, the previous one must prove far below the original estis nate. Whatever the extent of the production may be this season, it is from the crop last secured the requirements for the next 18 months can be furnished, and from the reduced stocks everwhere the question arises whether the supplies 'wi be suffcient to meet that demand. The gradually diminishing stock in this kingdom must leave a most favourable openingfor the reception of the autumnal supplies, and, as the future is now more clearly developed, hi h pri esseem justifiable for a longer time than previoMAy reckoned upon." On the silk-market Mfessrs. E. Waithman and Co. report as follows - "The silk-market was rather quiet during the early part of the past month, but latterly a better demand has sprung up, owing, no doubt, to the continuance of unfavourable accounts respecting the progress of the new crop in Europe. In China silk tho buU of the businmess done has been at a reduction of about 6d. per lb. on the highest rates of A ril, though in some few instances still lower prices have ieen accepted. The letters just delivered from China bring dates from Shanghai to the 7th and Hongkong to the 15th of April. On receipt of the advices by the January mail from this side great eagerness was evinced to obtain siLk, and prices immediately advanced $10 to $15, some 9,000 bales being bought or contracted for. The total set. tlements to dates were put at 48,000 bales, against 44,000 bales at the same period in 1855; the shipments were 37,000 bales, against 45,000 bales last season; this, however, does not include about 5,600 bales under despatch. We have now afloat 4,837 bales. Notwithstanding the present deficit in the exports, it is inevitable (looking to the improved advices yet to reach) that the supply from China this year will Ibe quite equal to, if not in excess, of that of last season." __ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
TEE CORN TRADZ. I CORN-EXCHANGE, - .RK-LANE JUIT. 2. The arrivals last week were generally good, peas alone being,in short supply. There was a fair export of wheat,viz., 1,935 quarters, with 88 quarters of oats, 98 quarters of rye, and 156 sacks of flour. Of native wheat there were 8,357 quarters, of foreign 8,515 quarters; of this quantity 3,000 quarters were from the Baltic. The morning's supply from Rent was short, from Essex fair. Factors at the commencement asked higher rates, but sales only proceeded slowly at the previous prices. Though some French smilers were on the market, the trade in foreign was but retail. Rather over the average supply of country flour arrived, -viz., 14,877 sacks, with 1,952 sacks and4,070 from abroad. From the light stocks generally on hand Norfolks obtained Is. more money, being raised to 47s. per sack. Prices of all foreign descriptions were firm. Town-made unaltered. Barley was plentiful, there being 2,096 quarters of English and 10,806 quarters of foreign. The trade was heavy and rather easier for parcels out of condition. No change took place in the prnces of malt. Of oats there wero 1,840 quarters of British, 2,700 Irish, and 26,047 foreign. There was a fair trade in all sweet corn at Od. advance, Friday's improvement being retained. The quantity of foreign beans was 3,710 quarters; of English, 772, vith scarcely any peas-say, 48 quarters. Prices were firm, but business limited. The linseed supply consisted of 3,798 quarters; the exports being nearly equal,-viz., 3,590 quarters. Wi'thout any advance in plices, there was a firmness both in seed and cal-es. Canary-seed was dull. Hempseed, rapeseed, cloverseed, and other descriptions of seeds were unaltered. Account of Corn arrived in London from May 26 to May 31. kuu±zaix-X rit5LCS OF BRITISH GRAIIN AND FLOUR IN MARK-LAINE. Shillings per quarter. Wheat-Essexc and Kent,white, new.. 61 to 71 eXtra - to 74 Ditto, red, new% .... . 59 -65 --71 Norfolk, Lincolnsbire, andYorlrsbhirs red, new.. 59 -64 --69 Barley-Mdalting, new . 39 - 40 Chevalier . 40 - 42 Distilling . 36 -38 n-at- Ksa orl'lk, and, Suifflk j .- 81 K~~ings,tonl, Ware, and towvn-mjade 73-751 ltsse n .65 - 68 - - ilats- English feed.. . 2- 24 Scotch feed. . . . 24 - 26 Potato . . .25 -27 Irish feed, whlite.... 21-22fine- -24 Ditto black-..39 - 20 -, -22 Beas-- Bargn..34 -36 Ticks 33 -36 Harrow ~~~~~363-39 Pigeon.~~~~~~~~38 -43 Pea- Whtbollers.40 -44 'Maple.40 -42 Gray .....35.~33 flouir- Town-ma~de,persks. 2Olb.,Househds..5 fine 62 - 65 Country.443 - 45 Ditto, houiseholds.49 - 51 iNorfolk and Suffolk, ex ship . 46 - 47 FOREIGN GRAINZ. Shillingsgpr Quarter. Wheat-Dantise, mixed 80 to SI high mied --S x. o5 Konigsberg ..78-Sd --1 -82 Rtostock, new. 72 -73 fine --6 -4 Asnerican.whito 64 -70 red ..-60 -64 Plomera., Meek-b., and Uck-ernm-., redi 76 - 77 71 - so Silesianu,red .. 72 -74 white ...76 -77 Dais&.Hostin60 -64 ,, . .60 -67 Odessa, St. Peters- blnrg, & Riga .60 - 62 fine 64 -66 Barley-Grinding 30-34 Distilling 3 -36 Oats- Duth,.rew en.Po2nd - 27 Ditto, feed . . .~~~~~21 -24 Danish and Swedish feed 21 -24 trlnd.24 -26 Bean3s- Friesland and Holstein 36-37 Koibr. . 353 36 Pea- gy5tu.I. . .28 so Fine boilers .4 4 Indian Corn-White.:32 _33 - Yellow . .. . .. . .. 32 -34 Flouir- Spaniish, per sack,. . 9-5 Amserican, sour, per bar-el (nmnl' . . 3'3 -35 Ditto, sweet, ditto .. .... . 35 - 39 BRITISH SEEDS. Tsres, wyinter, per bushel .. .. .. .7s. Gd' - Bs' Coriander, per cwt,.20 - 24 Caraway, per cowt., new..so . 5 -- Canary. per qr. 55 60 Linseed, per on., sowing. 65s.; crushing . 6-5 C,pe ake, per ton. -3 'Xl33io Ilpsed,yper-qr. .5. .88 0g Ie,prton X 0X Tares~per bushel . .OEG ED,& 4s. 6d.- Hesmpseed, per qr.--Smalt.: : ''. :: 56-- Dutcb.335 Coriander, per rwt.1i5 -20 Caraway.42- 46 lInseed, per qr.-Baltie .. 53 - 58 Bombay . 50 -54 Cake, per ton.£12n 10 £13 10 Bapesced, Cake, petn87 -65 Cake, per zW ~£10£X7 0 LIV'ERPOOL, JUNE 2. There is a fair inquiiry for Indian corn to-day, and pure white Ainerdcan is Gd. Per quarter dearer, and all kindls bring fully previous rates. The tranSaCtions in wheat and flour are limiited, buit, there being n anxiety to sell, the value of both is fully smaintained. Oate an at- meal steady. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
METROPOLITAY CATTLE-MARKET, Jtnc 2. The arrival of cattle and sheep into the port of London from the continent daring the psatweek has been verysmall. The Custom-house return gives an entry of 205 oxen, 76 calves, and 1,031 sheep, making a total of 1,312 head. The state of trade was brisk to-day for everything, and prices were higher by from about 4d. to 6d. per stone of 8 lb. The supply of hee' was moderate, comprising about 3,420 head of beasts, all of which sold with briskness, at fully 2d. per stone more mooncy than on Friday last, or from 4d. to 6a. above tho rates of this day sennaight. Of mutton there was a moderate suipply also, with a most active inquiry, and everything sold at fully 6d. per stone advance on the rates of Fziday last, or 8d. above the quotations of Monday last. Veal and Lamb were also an excellent sale, at a rise of 2d. per stono on last week's prices; while pork sold at an advance of 4d. per stone. This has, without exception, been the most important market-day for many months, and the prices realized have exceeded any precedent of late years at this season. Compartive Statement of Prices, and Supply of Cattle at Market. This day. Somedav. June 92 lRAe
RAILVAY AND MINING SHARES. Monday Evening. The railway-market was dull at the commencement of business, and sales in some cases were made at a decline of from 10s. to It. per share. A favourable reaction afterwards ensued, and quotations dosed generally firmer. Foreign descriptions exhibited some fluctuation, French and Belgian being principally influenced. Mfiscellaneous sbares presented no great alteration, but prices were fairly supported. There was an improvement in niJtedlKexican, but it was not eventually altogether maintained. Ottoman Bank left off . to l* pm.; Bank of Egypt, par to pm.; National Discount Corpany, s to i- discount; Riga Railway,. l to g pm.; rernamubuco, 1t to ipm.; Ljombardo Venetian, 5a to t-pm. ; Western Bank of London, 4j to 3# discount; lLondon and Paris, 3E to 2# discount; B3ank of Switzerland, t toH pmr;.; and English Fibre Company, i to 1 pm. ORDNA&RY S1}ABEB iAXD STOCKS.
TRADE REPORT. Monday Evening. TAILOW.-The mnarket is quiet at 45s. 9d. to 46s. on the spot, and 46s. 3d. for the last three months, sellersm Annexed are the statistics of stocks and prices:- AIi vALs Fore Wxr.x sRussia .......... .. .. .. .. 1,461 1. . i South America 1 408 Australia * 101 Other places .19 Total, .. .. 1,90 With regard to the general state of the trade Messs. Colchester and Woolner remark :-" The tallow-market has been steady during the week, the purchases being prineipally for delivery in the end of theyear by parties covering in their previous sales, several thousand tons having changedhands for this period; but for immediate delivery thereas been but little business doing*; the demand from the chandlers is trifling at the moment. The St. retersburg market remaims -without alteration, 133r. with hand money for August being the last price paid; some small shipments were making by steamers to this port. To-ay there has been less inqliiry Ifor tallow, and our closing prices are 46s. on the spot, and 45s. 9d. by ships on the w;ay; for the last three months 46s. to 46s. 3d. There will be somne considerable public sales on Friday of South American and Australian tallow; the present quotations are-45s. for beef, 46s. 6d. sheep, and 47s. for SouthAmerican; town tallow cannot be had under 46s. net cash."
HOP-AIZARKET, June 2. With referenee to the state of the plantations, the prospecs remain about the same .s at ourl.at weeklyreport. In the absence ot warmth tho progress of the bine bas, of course, been Elow; it is still bec'vard and unkindly, and a sprinkling of ly is verygeaerxally observable. but hitherto vith no imnportant increase. A slightly huproved demand occurred about the close of last weekl. but, with that exception, no alteration is to be reported in the state of the market.
AARRIV,L OF THE FRsT SmuRirE Eo0 ST. PE=s nuoG.-The screw steamship North Sea, Captain MarshaR% arrived at Hull on Saturday morning from Cronstadt, vith a full cargo of flax, hemp, linseed, tallow, and iron, and 12 passengers. The North Sea was the first steamer at Cronstadt from England, at which port she arrived on the 17th of MIay. During her stay at Cronstadt she was visited by the Grand Duke Constantine, attended by his suite; he minutely examined the ship and maohinery and expressed himself highly pleased. N\otwithstanding strong head winds and foggy weather the North Sea made a rapid passage of five days and -a-half from Cronstadt tD Hull. This vessel is the property of Mlessrs. T. Wilson, Sons, and Co., and was built by MIesrss. C. and W. Earle, Hull, for the St. Petersburg trade, in which she will run regularly in conjunction with the fine new steamers Neva and H-amber. GLAsGow, May 31.-Cotton.-During the weekour market has been very dul and prices drooping. It closed more active and firmer. The market for goods and yarns has been very inactive all the week, and though there is no great pressure to sell the limited business has given buyers a slght advantage. Pig-iron.-The continual decrease in stock and the tendency to an easier money-market have caused a considerable improvement in our pig-iron-market this week. About 35 furnaces are stil out of bIast, and as yet only a small portion of the colliers and miners have returned to their work. To-day the market closes steady at Sis. cash for wArrants, with buyers at SOs. Gd. All No. 1 may be quoted 81s. d., No. 3 7&s. 6d. cash against bill of lading. For future delivery there are sellers a shade under current quotations,
RAL WA INTELLraEz. REFORTS OF COMMITEES ON RAILW,v 17.ThT:- 11- I.- --.- U;a* SrTur reportedfrom the comnmittee on this iU that. theproposed capital of the company is 65,000&. and the amount of loan 21,6601. There are 34 sharholers -who may be considered as having a local interest in the line, and thoe amount of capital subeaibedyb them is 29,7501. The nnsber of other persons being- shareholders -is 14, and theD amount of capital takenhy them amounts to 19550!. The, length of the main line of railway is 4 mies 2 furongs an.1. 8 chains, of the Fore's-bridge branch, 2 mles 5ongan and 4 chains; and of the branch -which teis by , junctioin with the said railway, 4 furlongs rT,7 chaint, it bs a proposed to constract those lines on- the--broad. gaIge-,o 7 feet. The steepeSt gradients are 1 in 60 on the mae. line, 1 in 50 on the branch to Foxe's-bridge, and 1 in. Sl on the other branch. The estimated cost of the: railway is 65,0001., and the quantitV of land requi,,& 73 acres. Mr. R. B. Grantham and Mr. J. Hawkshaw wero the engineers examined in support of the bill, dndM, T. X. Blackwell nndllr. J. Fowierwere-thoengineers examined in opposition to it. The committee were s&tisfiet of the fitness, in an engineering point of view, of the proposed railway. EPSOM A.AMD 5 :Er AD . Mr. LASCELLES reported from the committee on this; bill that the proposed capital of the company is 30,000! an& the amount of loan 10,0001. There are 77 shareholders. who may be considered as having a local interest in the line,. and the amount of capital subscribed for by them is. 12,160!. There are eight other persons, and the capital taken by them is 10,4201. The length of the line is 3 mfiles. a furlongs 1A chains. and it will form a junction with thc( BEsom Railway. The steepest gradient on the line is 1 in. 100. The estimated cost o the railway is 30,000U, and thequantity of land required 314 acres. lr. A. C, Crosse and Mr. J. Locke wero the engineers: examined in support of the bill, and Mr. IL J. Hood in oppoSition toit. The comnmittee were satisfied of the fitness in am engineering point of view of the proposed railway. AN BO IXE AIND GIRV&N. Mr. COBBnrr reported from the committee on this billthat the proposed capital of the company is 0S,OOO, of which 20,0001. is to be held by the Glasgow and South, Westem Ralway Company, and the amount of loan is; 92,001. The number of shareholderswho may be con.- siderea as having a local interest in the line is 259 and the amount of capital subscribed by them is 24,270. The number of other parties is 51, and the capital taken by' them amounts to 26,940!., of which20,0001. is subscribedfor on behalf of the Glasgow and South-Western Comoany. The length of the proposed railway is 13 miles 3 furLonr, 6 yards, and the steepest gradient.upon it is 1 in 62. It is; intended to cross on a level one turnpike road. The esti- mated cost of the railway is 68, 000!., and the quantity or land required is 1301 acres. Mr. J- Miler, jun., was the, engineer examined in support of the bill, and the committeo, were satisfied of the fitness, in an engineering point of view, of the proposedrailway. XONS ASND MANAGE. The total receipts on this line from the Ist of January to> the end of April last amounted to 374,23Sf. (14,9691.), and' for the corresponding period of 1855, to 341,646f. (13,6601.), showing an increase of 32,592fi (1,3031.), or 9A per cent. The sum received in April last for the conveyance of 14,02T passengers and 48,115 tons of goods, including 39,017 tonsof coals, amounted to 83,0S9f. (3,3241.); and in the monthl of April, 18, for the conveyance of 14,6S9 passengers anc 54,786 tons of goods, to 88,636f. (3,5451.), showing a decrease; in the number of passengers of 662, in the goods of 6,6TL tons, and in the receipts of 5,547f. (2221.) The decrease in the trafEic is attributed to the small demand for coal, especially from France, and it is supposed that when- thc price of that artlele is reduced, the traffic will resume. its former activity. It is stated that the number otthe company's waggons sernt on the state lines was. 2,899, and that 1,730 -were returned, including 45S9 waggons capable of conveying 10 tonls each. From the-. Wavre and lanage 173 waggons were received, out oP 200 sent over that line. The company's waggons travellet an aggregate distance of 198,620 liilometres over the State lnes, while the Government waggons travelled only 42,78L klometres over the ffons and Manage line. The waggon. accounts give a balance of 5,228f. (20J1.) in favour of the, company, making the total receipts for the month of April 88,318£, against 97,703f. for the corresponding month oi: last year, showing a decrease of 9,385f., or 91 per cent. RAILWAY TRAFFIC. x?es Pas- -Mer- Total. Totar, Xa9ways. open aengers. chandise. 1856. 1855' Week ending May 3. ; e Grand Trunk of Canada .. 513 . . .. 4.726.. 3,773 Week ending -day 16. Great Western of Canada . 283 7,621. 4.830 ..221.. 9,176 Week ending May 19. Rorther of France.. .. - .18,897.. 20,261.. 39,.155. 33,950' Week ending May 25. Fnes .. .. .. 22 . ..3,327 ., 9a Week ending May 3L South-Eastern.. . - .. - .. - .. 19,80 19 8r London, Brighton, South coast ... ..21,2 . 3.017 .22429 2 .. 1Z3
THE TE,A TRADE, June 2.-The deliveries im London estimated for the week were 488,SSOlb., being a decrease of 147,7021b. compared with the previouLs statement. This falling off is principally owing to the docks having been. closed on Thursday last. Tnn " Scm;cE" o.F HoOusEurnE xG.-On Saturday the five burglars, Briggs, Harrison, Brook, Tempes-t, and Ibbotson, whose committal at Bradford was recorded in TVie Tines of that day, were removed to the House of Correction at Walefield to await their triaL Four indictmentswill be preferred against them-viz., for burglaries at; Hawortli and Idle, and two at Bradford. No less than 2D hams -were carried off in one night at Shipley. At Idle the plunder comnprised 30 bladders of lard, several stone of sugar, groceries, &c. The narrative of the Haworth robbery, by the approver, Carter, shows the determined and sytematic manner in which Bri-ge, the ringleader, led hi accomplices in crime. He said he had known all the prisoners by sight three or four years, and been personayacquainted with thern and bad kept their company tbree months:- "On a Sunday night. I believe the Sunday after Easter. I wentto Briggess lodgings, and proceeded with him into annimgbaun-lane. here we mitt Broolk and another man, and after thatwe taet with. Harrieon. ve started from there about 9 o'clock, five in number- iz., myself. Briggs, Harron. Brook, and the otber ruan (not in custoZy) and wvent to fla vorth. Wec arrived there about half-past 12 o'dr,nk. I and Brietgpe tto a sbop door, and the other three stood hac. Brigg. tried the door to see where it was barred; said It was barred topz and bottem, and pulled out bih brace and bit. After he bad bored the first hole the bell rang,. *nd wre went over to the other three and tleL them. Briggs said be would try the hrk, and he and I went round, andfound a window partly open. He tHeo out aboard, thbr up the sash. tookofflhisco;t andshoes, and gavethem to me,and wentin,. He struck a natch and lhted his lamp. I watched biim boring to get. through the cellar door. I did not ase hin again uut:l he opened ue. the front door. and let us dl into the shop. Briggs went into the houlse, at came back- with a silver pint, six silver teaspoons, and a. broken oae. F£e then went to a desk at the cnd of the counter, opened it. and took out a little wooden disb, full of airpencs ad silln.,he tok ut,als, abag containin'g £10 ire lilver, a thlirdlot of silveer andbandeadIot taot me-thewbwole amount_ isgtow6 15so Bd. Brig6s then put on hisahoes, lookedrouad, and. &and, 'There's nothing of anyrvalue; them shawvls rvebcrt. and there's a bit of cloth there-ve'll sakre that.' There wrere ct-lit yards of blue cloth. 2yar-ds ofc4rk colour. about 32 shawlis, aud:O yards ofblacka elveteen. WVe then left tbe shop, went over into a hed, took the. boards Out of thenieces ofeoltb. rail not the loth ennsSh altr we get all Packedap, we all carried somethiug, andstitrted fE, a st a little after 2 o'clock, audweetto FrizinhalL" The jonmey 'was aboite 10 miles, and they arrived at this snburl of Bradford at 5 o'clock in tle morming, con-tedi tho money, and " planted " the sPoil, which they divided the night after. The narrative of ether burglaries ws very simnilar, remainding one of Oliver Twist. Carter..dded,- * I sawli8riEgg bave a Uife-preserver at Ilaa-orth. and I sawv himn hare a pistol last Saturday at r. Gornal's, IJndercl iffe : a. week since-last. peidBneasdaynight5 or early5on Thursdaynmo7ning, I also saw him have The inhabitants of the West Riding will not regret thetermination of so disagreeable an aeouatance [Advertisement.]Ma or.General SirW.F.Wlliams,Bart; -su anthenticPortrsitoftheHeroand nine other stee eugravinge in Division 3 of "- olavns Illustated Bislory of the scentWaragainstRussiaY Thisworkis embellished vith Fortraits of eminent. commIaders,encravedby special permsion from originalplcture, ViewsoftheSentofWar.fromSketches taken on the spot BatUs3 by Sea and Land, Maps, Plans, tc., from the most authenticsources Each Ehilling !Part contains 40 closely-printed super-royal S geeP and two steel engrvings, executed expresy for the work. w onreadyr,neatly bonnd in Ecarlet cloth, and gilt, Divisions 1,2 and3 City-road, and 2,e atne 20D pageS and 11 platen James S. tVrtuc. C t-ra4 n 6,lnylae,London. [Advertisement.]-}Herrings New Racing Pict-resOt. 'View at Fores's, 41, Piccadilly.-hr. J. F. Mierrinug, n., las painted,. erpresay '.or publication, a serioe of original Pictures illustrating the nationa. sport of racing, portraying the symmetrical form, thebloodlike clasrater. and mucular development of the thorough-bred hoinraeingeonditionvrith truthfud and xiirited effect, coiprisingfoursublecta-v., " Saddling," " A False Bhart,-" The RtursIn,: "R"turning to Weigh." On view frorn lO oclock to 0 dail. "Fores's Catalogue of Sporting Engravings," with literary notices, appcndedao. which i "The Rin of the Snson n descriptve of the ser,es of celebratedfox'huntigengravings, may be ha gratis on application, or poet-free by forwarding to Mge-s-amrpto dessr Forep, 41, Pi cadilly, london.
IPA1LIAMENTARY LYTgLLIaENCJ. lOTJIJE OF LsORDS, MONDAY, JUN-E 2. The LoRD CHa roitn took his seat on the woolsack at .5 o'clockr. 3?etitionswverepresentedby theEarl of EGLINTOUN, signed mye1,00 dealeis and consudmers of hay and straw inl tihe anetopois,prayng hei lorahiatopass the bill nowv pending. entitled 'An Act to prevent false packing and other S m the Hay and Straw Trade; and by Lord SiLFTESmusty, from Burton-on-Trent. against the alteration of laws for the obWservance of the Sabbath. The Canada Company Bill, the ieicester and Welf6rd Rload Bill, the St. ls'es and West Cornwall Junction Railway Bill, the Gravesend Improvement BiU, the Scarborough Water Bill,_the Shrewsbtu.r Water Bill, and the Sleaford and TattershaU1 Turnpike lrust Bill were read a third time Jand passed. REFORMATORY SCHOOLS (SCOTLAN-D) BILL. The Duke of ARGYLL moved the second reading of this IDI1, the object of which was to amend the machinery of the .nctof 1854 which gave power to the sheriffs of counties zand local magistrate3 to send youthful offenders to reforamatory schools instead of to prison. The bil was then read a second time. LIGHTS FOR SAILLNG SHIPS. 'iscount DUNGANKNON rose to ask the President of the Board of Trade whethor it was intended by Her MIajesty's Government to introduce any bill into Parliament, comellingvessels sailing along the coast or in the Channel uring thnight to exhibit lights; andvwhether any new -nnd recently recommended plan for safe lights for sailing vessels was at resent under the consideration of the Board of Admiralty. Lord STANLEY of ALDERLEY said, that the subject was one of the greatest importance, but he wolld remind the noble lord that a memorial on the subject had been prezented by shipowners of Shields and other ports. That maemorial had been referred to a committee, which coI-tained Admiral Chads and other distinguished naval men -nmong its members, and the report of that committee Was at present under the consideration of the Admiralty. After some further conversation the subject dropped. The report of amendments to the Peace Preservation 1 tlreland) Bil was considered and agreed to. The Annuities Bill was read a third time and passed. NATIONTAL GALLERY BILL. This bill went through committee with amendments. FIRE-INSURANCE BILL. This bill was read a third time and passed. 'Tlie Houtse adjourned at 20 minutes before 6 o'clock.
HOIUSE OF COMMIONS, MONDA.Y, JUN 2. The SrEAKER took the chair at 4 o'caock. The following bills were read a third time and passed 'The Bardney, .kc., Drainaae Bill, the London and North- eatern Railwray Bill, die Monmouth Roads Bill, the Stockton and Darhington, and Newcoastle and Carlisle Union Rsailwvay Bill, and SwBinnerton's Name ill. Petitions against the abolition of church rates were pre-sented by MIr. R. SEYmIER, froni the parish of Leigh ; by lord R. CECIL, from Bolton-Lydiard, Somerset; Tollard, 'Somerset; Eaton Bray, Bedfordshire; Stanbridge; Mumby, Lincoln; WVraggoe. Lincoln; Bath, Rodney Stoke, A7Vington. Glocester; Chipping Barnet, Hertfordshire ; and by Sir G. TYILER, from inhabitants of the parishes of St. Nicholas -and St. Lythans, in the county of Glamorgan. Petitions against the Juvenile Offenders (Ireland) Bill were presented by Captain O'Cosm;ELL, from the Roman Catholic clergy of various parishes in the diocess of Waterford; by Mr. BsRzDn, froma the inhabitants of the parish of lReltohart, County Leitrim; and by Mr. MEAGHIER, from -the parish of St. John, city of WVaterford, and from Tall 6w and Ballyg,unner, county of Waterford. Petitions in favour of a decimal system of coinage and accounts were presented by Mr. W. BROWN-, from the Young Men's Elocution Society, Great Yarmouth, and from the Glasgow branch of the Educational Institute of 'Scotland: and by Mr. W'EST, from the members of the literary Institute of Wrexham. Petitions against the Scotch and Irish Poor Removal Bill were presented bv Mr. CHlLETRfAlA, from the guardians of the poor of the Todmorden; by Sir G. B. I'ECHELL, from the visitor and guardians of the poor of the incorporation of East Preston, in Sussex, under Gilbert's Act ; by Mr. TOLLE;aLCISE, from the guardians of the poor of the Northviich Union, in the county of Chester; by Mr. EDSutNTD DEs\Isoy, from Penistone,Wortley, and Keighley; by Slr. W. EROwy7', from the guardians of the poor of the Prescot Union; by Sir J. FERGnussox-, from the parochial board of Girvan; by Mr. SMOLLETT, from the parochial board of the town and parish of Kirkintilloch, in the county of Duunbarton; by MIr. BRADY, from the board of guardians of Manorhamilton, in Leitrim ; by Mr. ADDERLEY, from "uardians of Stafford union; and by Mr. RtramoLD, from areat Yarmouth. Petitions were also presented by Mr. FULLER, from the _parish of Westham, against military bands in the Parks on Sunday; by Mr. BP.OTEERTON, from the officers of Friendly Societies in Pendlebury, Lancashire, praying to be relieved from the payment of a fee of Is. to the registrar; by Mr. FASsTE, from the employers and employed at the works of Messrs. P. Bogle and (io.,cotton spinners, against the arrestmient of wages; and from the engineer iron foundry of J. Aitken and Co.; by Sir H. MiUx, from faimers and -others in the habit of attending the market at Bishops Stortford, in the county of Hertford, against the Agricultural Statistics Bill; by Mr. B. BLA.XEaSORE, from the occupiers of many thousand acres of land in the Hereford district of Herefordshire, complaining of the unnecessarily inquisitorial provisions of the Agricultural Statistics Bill; by Sir J. FEr.cr.5soN, from OS schoolmasters of Glasgow, in favour of the Lord Advocate's Education bill for burghs in Scotland, but praying for the introduction of a clause to comupel the attendance of children at school; by Sir J. DucKVwoTrau, from solicitors of Exeter, praying for the maintenance of tbeprinciple of a countrytestamentary jurisdiction; by Mr. 5W. COLLIER, from Carnarvon, praying for the transfer of the testamentary jurisdiction of the ecclesiastical courts to the courts of common law and the County Couarts; by Lord W. GRAir Aus, from the solicitors of Granthiam, against the Testamentary Jurisdiction Bill ; by Mr. PE! LATT, from prisoners for debt in the Queen's Prison, Southwark, praying for an assimilation of the insolvent laws with those of bankruptcy, &c. ; by M1r. HuGHES, from inhabitants of the parish of Lavey, in the county of Cavan, in favour of tenant right ; by MIr. HAnyLi)FrELD, from the Sheffield Foreign Affairs Committee, praying the House to investigate the case of the declaration on marntue lawt signed by the plenipotentiaries at Paris, and to take measures to annul their illegal act; also from 1,074 inhabitants of Sheffield, including severalDissenting ministers, the town-clerk, and others, against the amendments proposed by Sir G. Grey in the Church-rate Abolition Bill; by Mr. SULLIVA-N, from the mayor, aldermen, and council of Kilkenny, in favouir of competitive examination for appointments in the civil service; by Mr. Born-Erxt, from parochial boards of Wilton and of Hawick, against the Nuisances Removal, lic. (Scotland) Bill; from wine and spirit merchants and others of Kilmarnock, against the Publichouse (Scotland) Act (18)3); from the Commissioners of Supply, justices of the peace, and heritors of Roxburrh, the Kirk Session of Port Glasgow, and fron thebSession of High Church, Kilmarnock, against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; from inhabitants, magistrates, ministers, and others of Kilmarnock, in favour of Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; from maistrates and town-council, Hawick, and town-council of Deribarton, in favour, with amendments, of Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; from ministers and elders of Free High Church, Kilmarnock, for the suppression of wee pawns; from owners and workmen of the Phosnin Works, Glasgow (339 signatures), from oNvners and ivorinnen of Messrs. S. Bartholomen and Co.'s works, Gl.asgow (190 signatures), and from owners and workmen of lacefield Spinning Company's Works, Glasgow (166 signatures), against the arrestment of wages; from Inhabitants of Kingacliffe, Northnamptonshire, for the rating of extra parochial lands; from visitor, guar* cian, and others of Arunel, for tho dissolutionof Gilbert Unions - by Mr. E. Dstu;soN, fromSedburgh, against the Maynootf grant, and from Todmorden, against the new Poor Law Bill; by MIr. COBBETT, from 725 inhabitants of the city of Glasgow, against the Scotch Publichouse Act; by Mr. B. WOODD, from Whitgift, Yorkshire, against the -abolition of church-rates without an equivalent; and by Sir A. CQAMrnELL, from Salen, against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) BilL UJpon the motion of the C}ACELLOR oftheExcsEQT,-ER, it was agreed thsat a message should ho sent to the House of lords, renueting their lordships to communicate to this Rouse a copy of the report of the select committee appointed to consider the question of the appellate jurisdiction -of the House of Lords. THE SOUND DUES. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER gave notice 'that on Friday next he should move for the appointment of - select comnmittee to inquire into the operation of the * Sound dues, and to consider in what degree they were detri- mental to the commerce of this country. (Rear.) THE DANUBIAN PRIXCIPALITIES Mr. ROEBUCK.-It is understood that the plenipoten. -tiares at Paris appointed certain commissioners to inquire into qnestions relatin" to the Princpalities of Wallachia and Moldavia. I wish to ask the noble lord whether any instructions have been framed by the plenipotentiaries for the guidance of those commissioners, and, if so, whether there is any objection to lay a copy of them upon the table -of the Louse. Lord PALMERSTON.-No instructions were framed by the congress. It was determined by the congress that commissioners should be appointed by the Turkish Govern auent and by the English, French, and the Austrian Govern anemts to proceed to Moldavia and Wallachia, and to place themselves in communication with certain chambers called " Divans," to be convoked by the Porte in those provinces -vith a view to c me to some understanding as to a form of govemrnment for the principalities which should he recommended to the representatives of the allied Powers at Paris. It rested with each Government to give its cominis. sionersuch instructions as it might deem fit and proper. I Xaay say, however, those commissioners will not proceed to transact any business in the principalities until the assem. blies are convoked, and it is the opinion of Her Majesty's Government and of the French-Government that no prelimninary steps, such as elections with a view to the constitu. tion of these assemblies, should take place until the priu. cipalities shall have been evacuated by all foreign troops. Shat has not yet taken place-the Austrian trooss are still there, and the Russians at present occupy that portion of Bessarabia which is to be included in Moldavia, and which they cannot evacuate until the line of frontier has been traced and agreed upon by tho commissioners appointed for W at purpose. Therefore, somt.little delay may occur before the Divans and the commissionera enter upon business. Mr. ROEBUCK.-Would there be .any difficulty or im. propriety in placing before Parliamenta e..'y of the instruc. tions framed by the Government for the g. dance of the British commissioners? LordP-A-LhERSTON.-Itisnot usual to do go The House usually wants to know what is done in conw 2e of instructions, but it is obvious that circumstancegmtay occur in the course of the transactions which may render particular portions of the instructions previously given in. appl:cable. Upon the motion for going into Committee of Supply, Mr. BLACKBURN rose to call attention to the increase of 23.083?. 3s. 10d. on the superannuation, &c., allowances granted in 1955, as shown by a ParEamentary paper No. 112, and to ask explanation of certain items, but Mr. FITZROY rose to order. The votes to which the hon. gentleman was about to refer had already been passed by the Committee of Supply, and had been sanctioned by the House. The SPEAKER said, if the votes had been already agreed to it would be irregular in the hon. gentleman to reopen a discussion upon them. MILITARY MONUMENT AT SCUTARI. Mr. ROEBUCK inquired whether there had been any public competition in this country in regard to the monument to be erected at Scutari in memory of those who had died there ? The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, he be, lieved an agreement had been entered into with M. 3laro chetti for the work in question. Mr. ROEBUCK thought he might gather from the replY that there had been no public competition. THE STATE OF GREECE. Mir. JAMES M'GREGOR, in bringing under the notice of the House the present state of Greece, expressed his opinion that the subject was germ,ane to the question of Supply, inasmuch as the financial mismanagement of the Greek Government entailed upon this country a charge of 47,000l. a-year for interest on the Greek loan. The present Vriceroy of Ireland (Lord Carlisle), who had recently visited the East, said the Government of Greece seemed to be the most inefficient, corrupt, and, above all, contemptible with which a nation was ever cursed. In 1845, in answer to Lord Beaumont, Lord Aberdeen said that England, in conjunction with France and Russia, had cre ated the State of Greece, guaranteed the independence and integrity of its territory, and guaranteed also the interest of a loan; and the Greek Government would do well to recollect that those Powers could enter into possession of any of the Greek revenues for the repayment of the interest of the loan so contracted. The same noble lord added that the provinces were infested by robbers, and the then state of Greece was such as to give pain to all who wished for the welfare and prosperity of that State. The exercise of diplomacy for 11 years had left the condition of Greece the same as Lord Aberdeen described in 1845. But, since the war with Russia commenced, the noble lord at the head of the Government had taken military possession of the Pir.eus, and he wanted to know what was to result from that military occupation? Were the people of England, through its instrumentality, to be relieved from the pay ment of 47,0001. a-year? WFas Otho to be supported in carryinlg on a Government described by the noble lord (Palmerston) as without administrative talent, and by Lord Carlisle as the most corrupt with which a country was ever cursed ? What course would be taken by the Government in behalf of this country or in conjunction with its allies? When the late respected Lord Dudley Stuart brought the subject under the consideration of the House, in August, lSal, the noble lord (Pahuerston) stated that Greece had stipulated by treaty to apply the first produce of the Greek revenues to the payment of the interest on the loan, but, he was sorry to say, had from first to last disregarded that engagement. If the Greek Government had properly mnanaged its financial affairs there would have been ample means to meet all the charges upon it. It had failed to do so; the liability had faen upon the Powers which guaranteed the loan, and representations had been made upon the subject to the Greek Government, but without effect. It was, however, intended againto endea-our to make some impression upon the sense of right and justice of the Government of Greece. The Congress of Paris were of the same mind aS the noble lord in 1851, and desired to make some impression on the sense of right and justice of the Government of Greece. He hoped he should elicit from the noble lord a statement of the policy or coercion which it was intended to exercise towards that puny Government. It was no doubt the intention of the noble lord, in creatingrthe kingdomand appointing a King, tofound a constitution4 Government in Greece ; and if that constitution had worked well in Greece it would have had great influence upon the civilization of the East. But very little progress had been made -with it, and it was his impression that the non-compulsion of the payment of interest on the lean had been a real disservice to the Greek Government, because it had left the means of corruption in their hands. He was quite aware that in asking what was the poliv of Her Majestyvs Ministers he might meet with the declaration that no poliecy was so distinct as the occupation of territory by a military force. The conduct of the King of Greece was certainly most treacherous; and, although only 6,000 French and a regiment of British troops had been sent to the Pir-cus, who could estimate the value of that force if it hiad been available for the siege of Sebastopol ? The necessity for coercion had arisen, and he hoped to hear that coercion would be applied with a definite object-either to lessen the extravagant expenditure and corrupt practices of the King of Greece, or, if he would not listen to sound advice, to reduce him to the condition in which the noble lord found hima-that of a German Prince. Lord PALMERSTO0.-With regard to the general con dition of Greece I have nothing to add to those opinions which the hon. gentlemanhas quotedas having been expressed by me on former occasions. I am sorry to say the course pursued since by the Government of Greece only confirms the justice of anything I may have said in condemnation of it. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the occupation of Greece by detachments of French and British troops, that occupation took place in consequence of measures of aggression either instigated or promoted by the Government of Greece against the Turkish territory. The Governments of England and France justly thought that when they were engaged in a war with Russia for the defence of the Turkish dominions it was not fitting that a smaU State like Greece, which was essentially bound by obligations to ncurtrality, should attack on the one side the State which the two Governments were defending against the assaults of a larger Power on the other. For that purpose the Pireus was occupied, and during the occupation the aggression which led to the occupation ceased. I wish I could say that the occupation had produced any improvement in the system of government or the internal tranquillity of the country. I cannot state that; for the system of goversnent is just wlhat it has been considered to be hitherto, and those disorders commonly caled " brigandige," such as carrying off people for their ransom, of pillage, of robbing villages and highway travellers, continue to take place to a great and lamentable extent. The real fact is, that the Government and Court party have been ever since the accession of King. Otho in a state of conflict with tho representative system. (Hlear.) The three allied Powers of England, France, and Russia, when they made their arrangement with Turkey for the independence of that territory which constitutes the Greek kingdom, issued a proclamation to the Greeks, promising them a representative government, and that was delayed until the majority of the King. He was then called upon to fulfil his engagement, but he evaded it. At last, in 1843, an insurrection broke out, which extorted from the King the representative constitution that he was unwiling to give; and from that time to the present there has been a perpetual endeavour to get rid of the constitutional Government by corrupt and indirect means; and that money which ought to have been appropriated to the payment of the debt of Greece was appropriated in corrupting the electors, and afterwards those who were elected, so as to make the Greek-Parliament a mere shadow of the substance. (Hear, hear.) With regard to enforcing the payment of the debt, as the guarantee was common to the three Powers-England, France, and Russia -it has always been held that no one Power can rightfully enforce this claim without the concurrence of the other two; because it is clear that if the surplus revenue will only pay one-third of the debt, one of three Powers, by taling the whole, would naturally deprive the other two of that which would give them a fair share of the surplus. That view of the case has always been taken by the Government of this country. With regard to the future policy which England, in conjunction with France and Russia, may think proper to pursue, I am sure the hon. gentleman will perceive that would be an anticipation of the future which it would not be proper for me to enter upon. (Hear.) Mr. LILNES believed that the system of brigandage in Greece was on the point of being arrested by a treaty of extradition between the Greek and Turkish Governments. This treaty was begun when Kalergi was in office, and was now, he trusted, on the point of being agreed to. The motion was agreed to. SUPPLY. The House then went into Committee of Supply; Mr. Fitzroy in the chair. On the vote of 3,461U. to defray a portion of the expenses cf the Ecclesiastical Commission, Mr. W. WILLIAMS thought it a monstrous injustice that the people of this country should be taxed for a com- ruissien which rendered no service to them and performed its duties solely for the benefit of the established church, He should divide the comm-ittee against the vote. The committee divided, wheE the numbers were,- For the vote ... ... ... ... ... 166 Against it .. . ... ... ... Majority .-100 The vote was ther:efore agreed to. On the vote of '16,0221. for the Charity Commission for England and WFD seS, Mr. MOWEa W ay rose to ask, whether it was the intention of the C ,overnment to introduce ameasure to carry into effect t' .e recommendations contained in the last report of the cour nionLers?9 The charity of Sherburn Hospital, in Durlhar, had practically been in abeyance for the lt,st two years, one-fourth of its recipients had died off while it had been waiting for legislation, and the chaplain at a salry of 15Og. a-year, from whom be had received a letter decribing the present state of ';he charity, had been obliged to pay Ixge suns out of his own pocket, in order to1eep some of the bnUildigs in a prop.r state of repair. Lorl PAI2dERSTON said, there was a difficulty in the case of this charity, arising, he believed, from a want of power in the Charity Corilsdsoners, and there had also veena dpute to whether the charity was to be regarded as chiefly medical or chiefly literary. But the subject had e,ngaged the attention of his right hion, fniend, the Secretary i'or e Home Department, who he believed intended ahortl>-to bring in a bill for the purpose of settling the matter, lir. I1J)1AV1 asked the noble lord to give a pledge that the bill wo'uld be introduced this usson. Lord PAIO; STON might undertake to say that it would. Mr. INGHAM tore testimony to the important services which had been rendesred by the commission. Mr. W. WILLEAM8 thought that tho commissioners attended to charities which did not require their attention while thev neglected those into which they ought to inquire. The charities of Coventry were -administered satisfactorily by the commissioners appointed by the Lord Chancellor, and nobody wanted the interference of these Charity Commissloners. Two of the charities required some change, and the alteration proposed by the Lord Chancellor's commissioners met vwith almost universal approbation; but these Charity Commissioners, who know nothing about the wants of the population, disagreed, and persisted in recommending a plan of their own. He thought it most unjustifiable to pay a commsion for acting in opposition to the wishes of the people and doing mischief, and therefore ho moved that the vote be reduced by 3,6321. 0s., with the view of making the amount of the vote the same as in last year. Sir J. TROLLOPE took the opportunity of alluding to the arbitrary mode in which the Charity Commissioners dealt with charities of localities, not only contrary to the wishes of the inhabitants, but, in many instances, in direct contravention of the intentions of the founders. A petition which he had presented from Spalding complained that a charity in that town, founded for the purpose of givimg doles of fuel and money to needy persons, had been diverted by the Charity Commissioners to the purpose of establishing a school, and notwithtanding the inhabitants represented that the young in that town were already well provided with instruction by means of an endowed school, a national school, and other similar establishments, the Charity Commissioners persisted in their scheme. Mr. HEALDIAM did not see that the diminution of the vote wouid have any tendency to improve the working of the Charity Commission. It was utterly unfit for the work it had to do, and the House should determine whether it should have its powers increased, or whether it should be altogether abolished. The whole thing was at present in a very unsatisfactory state, great evil arising from delay in obtaining a sanction by bills to the schemes of the Charity Commissioners, and the expense and delay were now even greater than under the former system, when the sanction was given by the agency of the Court of Chancery. He wished to know whether an attempt would be made by the Government to give validity to the schemes of the Charity Commissioners, and also to improve their powers of working? Mfr. BAINES said, that his connexion with the Charity Commission was but of recent date, and he had no personal knowledge of some of the cases which had been brought under the notice of the House, though ho should have been prepared to give explanations respecting them had it been previously intimated to him that they would have been referred to. In answer to the last question put to him, with respect to the schemes of the Charity Commissioners, contained in their Last report, he could state that it was the intention of the Lord Chancellor forthwith to introduce in the other House five or six bills for the purpose of obtaining legislative sanction to the schemes relating to Dulvich College and some other charities. Short as had been his connexion with the Charity Commission, it was long enough to convince him of thisthat no men could exert themselves more strenuously and zealously than the Charity Commissioners. They felt that the law under which they acted wvas in an unsatisfactory state, andthat the powers given them were in some respects exqremely limited. An amendment of the act was passed last session, but that was by no means sufficient to remedy the eviL If he should have the honour of retaining his connexion with the Charity Commission, he should feel it his duty to bring in some measure to improve the powers of the commissioners. Mr. HENLEY hoped that, considering the late period of the session, no time would be lost in introducinig the mea sure in contemplation. Re was glad to find that the com mission was to be represented in Parliament by the right hon. gentlemanopposite, whose acknowledged talents and valuable public services would, no doubt, give him great weight at the board. lIe had the highest con'idence in the ight hon. gentleman, and he believed him to ba the last man in the world to he led away by any fanciful scheme for the disposal of the vast funds which were placed under the management of the commission. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WILSON said, the increase in this year's vote was rendered necessary by the increased work which the commission had to do. When the commissioners were first appointed, they only employed as many clerks and inspectors as were absolutely necessarv for the duties to be performed; but as their work developed itself each year and the range of their operations was extended, an mereased staff was necessary in consequence. Last year they had 36 officers, while this year they had 46, and this was why the vote was so muuch larger. Mr. MOWNBRAY hoped that the commission had not lost sight of the. Sherburn Charity, but that it would be provided for in the bills which were about to be brought forward. Sir J.PAXTON thought that in the case of ancient cha :. ties devoted to particular purposes, the commissioners ought to taLe the evidence of persons at the places where the charty existed. In the case of Coventry this course bad not been adopted, and the result was that the commissioners' report was acceptable to no one. Sir H. WILLOUGHBY wished to know why the measures now pending in the other house of Parliament had not been introduced at an earlier period of the session ? and also asked for an explanation of the necessity for the increased number of inspectors. Mr.WILLIAMS said, that there wverealready more clerks to this commissionthan there werein the Home-office,and as many as were employed in the Colonial-office. Of the three gentlemen appointed as additional inspectors lie had been told, upon authority which could not be doubted, that one was a country attorney who had been a successful electioneering agent for a gentleman connected with the Governiment. Mr. SPOONERI called attention to the fact that for two years the committee had voted 5,0001. a-year for the pay. ment of solicitor's costs without any bill having been presented or examined. Mr. WILSON explained that these bills were not connected with the Charity Commission. They were the bills of Mlr. Fearon, the solicitor for carrying on suits in Chancery. The additional inspectors had been appointed under an act passed during the last session of Parliament. The commissioners had from the first shown the greatest desire to keep down their establishment; and the increase had been rendered necessary by the immense amnoimt of work wilch had devolved upon the commission in regard to small charities throughout the kingdom. Mr. SPOONER asked whether the comiiission had not superseded the proceedings through the Court of Chiancery ? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said, that gradually the commission would supersede these proceedings; but there were proceedings which had been ordered by former cornmissions which it was necessary should be carried on. No bill was paid without its being taxed by the proper effilcers. Sir J. TROLLOPE asked what would become of the charitable estates locked up in Chancery when the whole of the property of this description gradualy merged in the Charity Commission? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said, that endeavours had been made to wind up al the suits instituted under the former commission, and at present there were hardly any arrears. The previous commissions having been superseded, of course all future proceedings must be taken under the authority of the new body. Mr. KNIGHT said, that the present conduct of charity suits had given rise to great dissatisfaction, owing to the enormous expense with which they were attended. Returns of the cost of these actions from 1821 up to last year showed that the amount disbursed had been constantly in- creasDring the period betweenlS21 and 1835, when Mr. Hndes had charge of these proceedings, the sum expendedwas 21,5031., or at the rate of about 1,5001. per annum. The corresponding item for the next six years, up to June, 1841, was 19,1931., or equal to 3,1991. a-year. This augmentation occurred under 3Mr. Parkes' tenure of the office of solicitor, and from this last-named date to December, 1847, the costs of these suits still farther increased, the amount expended on them duringthat period being upwards of 39,0001., or not less than 6,1401. per annum. Mr. Fearon then succeeded to the office of solicitor, when the annual cost at first rose to 8,4001., and during the last four years, ending March, 1855, the sum actually reached 10,5001. per annum. From these facts it would be seen that since Mr. Hindes had had the conduct of these suits the expense had increased sevenfold. Great dissatisfaction was the natural consequence of such a state of things. In the case of a school charity in his (Mr. Knight's) own district (Worcestershire), the matter was taken in hand by M1r. Parkes, and, owing to the delays which occurred inthe course of the proceedings, the charity was extinguished for a period of 14 years, and costs exceeding 1,201. incurzed. Ho thought it absolutely necessary that the law officers cn- nected with public establishmenlts of this description Asould be paid bysala3ries instead of by feea,forit would then be then- interest, aswell as za the duty, to brsg any legal ibus;ness in w hich they were engedto as speedy a cone usion as possible. Mr. 3IEearon nig be animated by very g ood in- tentions, but it was his interest, under the existing system. to promote rather than tox discourage litigation. lIe (MWr. night believed that tha solicitors to nearly all the great publicbodies in E3ngland and to most of the Government departments were nov;paid by salaries instead of by fees, and ho did not see wy the same principle should not be adopted in this case. The ATTORN EY-GENERAL expressed his conviction that Mr. Feaxon -was one of tho most efficient officers in the public service, and observed that, although during hia tenure of office there might have been an increase of costs, it must be remembered that there had been a, very considerable increase of business. That House appointed a comunis. sionupon w'hose recommendation a number of charities were made tho subjects of proceedings in Chancery. The legalbusi- ness w ras thereby very materia y increased, andasanecessary consequence the osts wrere increased also. He felt it his duty to say that he did not think it could be fairly or justly imputed. to Mr. Fearon that he bad got uxp business forthesageof costs, for the proceedings in which lie hLA, i I i teen engaged had not a . aod with him, but with the con-iaision appoiZcd' by;¢t2]>a -t It had beenfound that Proceedinigs in Chancer upan rel, ors2 suits had beer attended with most aboninAle abuses,- -an that ini cases such suits had been instituted at the instance oi attorneys for the mere purpose of maldng coAs, T1d3 OeMn mnsseoners had, therefore, considered-in his opinion wiselj -that the power of proceeding should not be vested ir private individuals, and he beleved that no one was competent to discharge the duties which bad been impsse upon him than lEr. Fearon. Tho committee therL divided, when the nutmbers were : Forthe vote ... ... ... 146 Against it ... ... ... ... 40 h ajorty ... ... ... . -106 The vote was accordingly agreed to The next vote was 1,9312., to defray the ularies and expenses of the Statute Law Commission. Mr. L. KIG had made so many complaints xgainst the Statute Law Commission that it would not be neccmsary for him to say much upon the present occasion. If the Government were determmied that no reform should take place, they could not adopt a more effective plan for accomp2ls.ing their purpose than that of continuing the commission in its existig state. It was practising a complete delusices' upon the public. lNo less a sum than 32,000? had already been voted by Parliament without a tingle result having been attained. At one period there was a working staffattached to the commission, consisting of three learned gentlemen-Messrs. Rogers, Anstey, and Coade-well known for their great desire to effect a reform of the statute book; but at the end of the first year they were discharged, certainly not for having done little, because they laboured most zealously in the work. The present chief commnissioner was Mr. Belenden Ker, who had been a member of the commission since 1853, and had received the greater part of the sum already voted by Parliament. He was also for no less a period than 17 years on the Criminal Law Commission, which cost the country 50,0001. without a single result. (Hear.) SurelythecoTnmitteewouldnotthink thatsuch astateof thingsoughttobe continued. (Hear.) Since the abandonment of the plan laid down by the Lord Chancellor the hon. and leaned member for Suffolk, with a great flourish of trumpets, had asked leave to introduce two bills for the consolidation of the statute law; but those bills had not yet made their appearance, and he much doubted whether they would be passed, even under the most favourable circumstances, during the present session. The Attorney-General, in his memorandum recently laid on the table of the House, suggested a most admirable plan for the reform of the statute-book. Atthe end of his paper he expressed his conviction that the necessity for a consolidation of the statutes being now EO strongly and so generally felt, Parliament would readily supply whatever funds might be required for its accomplishment, if once convinced that the work was undertaken in earnest and with a reasonable security of a speedy and satisfactory result. The hon. and learned gentleman proceeded to say that he saw no reason, if a sufficient number of able hands were employed, why the work should not be achieved in 12 months; while he was convinced that if we proceeded in the present manner 20 years would not suffice eten for its imperfect completion. (Hear, hear.) Such w as the deliberately expressed opinion of the Attorney-General, and there could be no doubt that he was right. Parliament would gladly grant almost any sum that might be asked for the consolidation of the statutes, provided it were a$sured that the duty would be efficiently discharged; but it certainly did object to vote sums year after* year without anything being done. The present constitution of the commission was radically defective. *It was weLl known that the first commioner, who received a salary of 1,0001 per annum, did not devote his whole time to the wsork, and it might be questioned whether, looking at his antecedents and his ordinary occupation, he was the fittest man for the place. (Hear, hear.) What the country wanted was, not a useless commission, consisting exclusively of the favourite of some member of the Government, but a really effective body able and willing to reduce the. statute-book into something like shape. There were between 200 and 300 acts relating to the Poor Laws whiclh required consolidation. An hon. gentleman had been for years employed in consolidating those acts. Somehow or other an imperfect copy was sent in. It was perfectly useless. A correspondence had taken place between the Lord Chancellor and Mr. Coode on the subject, in which MIr. Coode offered a digest of those acts. That correspondence was excluded from the return. He had no personal motive whatever in making tlhese observations with regard to Mr. Bellenden Ker. He did not know that gentleman. Mr. BAINTES said, hehad the honour of being a member of the Statute Law Commission, and he hoped the committee would allow him to make a statement. He could not help saying that on several occasions, when the Statute Law Commission was under consideration, the hon. member for East Surrey (Mr. Locke King) had shown a hostile feeling towards Mr. Bellenden Ker. He was quite convinced that the hon. gentleman was acting under a sense of public duty; but attbe same time he believed thathe waslabouringunder some misapprehensionas tothe conduct of Mr. BellendenKer. The hon. gentleman had evidently implied by his remarks that the Lord Chancellor had exercised his patronage in regard to Mr. Bellenden Ker from personal friendship towards that gentleman. He (Mr. Baines) had the authority of the Lord Chancellor for saying that Mr. Bellenden Ker had no personal claim on him, nor any other claim beyond that which his well known ability naturally commanded. The reason why the Lord-Chancellor adopted the services of that gentleman in the Statute Law Commission was this; that Mr. Bellenden Ker had been engaged for a number of years in the Criminal Law Commission, and onwhichhehad shown great abilities. The hon. member for East Surrev (Mr. L. King) had said that there was no result from that commission. He (Mr. Baiues) would appeal to many hon members of the legal profession whether there had not bean some most impoltant results. If there had not proceeded many new acts of Parliamnent from its labours, much preliminary matter had been produced which must ultimately result in several acts of the greatest utility. To say, therefore, that there had been no result from the labours of that commission was to state what was not borne out by fact. When the present Statute Law Commission was proposed the Lord Chancellor thought he could not do better than avail himself of the ability of the same gentlemen who had been employed on the Criminal Law Commission; he accordingly engaged the services of Mr. Bellenden Ker. The hon. member for East Surrey had said that M1r. Bellenden Ker did not give the whole of his time to his work, but he gave full half of his time to his work He (Mr. Baines) would appeal to the hon. and learned mnember for East Sluffolk ir F. Kelly) whether the conduct of Mr. Bellenden Ker hadnot been such as to justify the trust reposed in him? He (Mr. Baines) believed that that gentleman had dischargedhis duty in a vigilant and able manner. It indeed, they lookedatthenumber of acts of Parliament already passed inconsequenceof the labours of the commission, he admitted that they were not very numerous; but if they regarded the acts that were likely' soon to pass, they wrould he of opinion that a very different result had proceeded from the Commission. A great deal of labour had necessarily been devoted by the commission in the preparation of bills to be brought before Parliament. He would state to the committee what had beenthelaboursof thecommission. There had been the consolidation of the National Debt Act, the Landlord and Tenant Act, the Master and Worlkan Act, the law relating to prisons, to stamps, to the Statute of Limitations, to bills of exchange and promissory notes, the consolidation of the criminal law, consisting of eight bills under these heads; then there were the following subjects all dealt with-namely, offences against the person, offences against property, malicious injury to property, forgery, treason, and other offences against the State; and the law of general procedure. On all these points bills had been prepared, and other biUs in regard to other subjects of the law were in forward preparation, such as the consolidation of the law of carriers by land and water, and the law of aliens and denizens. The classification of these statutes brought him to another part of the labours of the comnissin of very considerable importance which was embodied in their second report. In that report they stated that their attention had been called-to a most important subjectnamely, the appointment of a public officer, or of a board .to revise current legislation. Ile was glad to say that some most valuable suggestions had been made by the hon. and learned memberfor the University of Cambridge,asweUasby the hon. and learned member for Suffolk. Those suggestions were taken into consideration by the commission, and in their report the commissioners had stated a plan for the purpose of carrying into effect most of the objects weich he had mentioned. After the various labours to which the Statute Law Commissioners bad devoted themselves, it could not in jostice be said that there had been no results from the labours of that commission. They were, however, still most diligently exerting themselves to carryout the objects for which they were appointed, and when they finaUy closed their duties he trusted it would appear that their labours had not been thrown away. Sir F. KELLY was sorry that his hon. friend (MTr. Locke King) had taken this opportunity of depreciating the labours of the Statute Law Commissioa. He (Sir F. Kelly) was quite ready to confirm aU that had fallen from his right hon. friend (Mr. Baines) respeet ing the very great merits of Mr. Bellenden Ker. He ventnred to say that it would be totaly impossible to effect any of the great objects for which the commission was appointed without the aid of Mr. B. Ker. That gentleman had attendedevery meeting of the comm.ission, and he had dedicated a great deal of his time which he might profitably have employed on other business to business relating to the commission, but which did not faU within the scope of his duty. The salary paid to Mr. B. Kez, which if even doubled in amount would be inadequate, was paid him for services rendered to the Lord ChanceUor in advising upon all law bills, without which assistance&it would be quite impossible for the noble aud learned lord properly to fulfil aU the duties of his high office. Quitting that personal subject, he (Sir F. Kelly) would notice what the comm on had really done. Durmg the first one or two years of its existence the Statute Law Commission. although it failed to do anything that could be called a consolidation of any definite portion of the statate law, did much which fscilitated the task of those who were now engaged in that work. They directed the preparation of consolidation bils upon several important and complicated subjects, and also of various indexes of obsolete, expired, and repealed statutes. At an early period of the present year the commissioners prceived that, however usefl might be the consolidation of statutes uponparticular subjects, yet the time was como when it was necessary to determie upon some fixed and practicable plan in order to bring the chief obflects of their labour to asuccessful issue ; and accordingly, i.March, the Lord Chancellor invited the members of the tommission to bring forward any plans they might have formed for the complete consoliation of the statute law. re (Sir F. Kelly) ubumitted a plan, and the Attorn. eplenexz ?lre intt- mated his intention of submitting one, but, in conse_uenCc of the pressure of the hon. and learned gentlema. other duties, he was unable to bring it before the comnmission for some weeks. His (Sir E. Kellysj ni was considered by the commission, and it was agreed. to proceed upon it, and instractions were given to prepare two or three Dllis upon very important subjects. Some weeks later the Attorney-General produced his plan, and upon examination it was found that everything that was proposed by the hon. and learned gentleman which was practicable had been proposed, and was actually being carried into 4pa,tion under the other plan previously adopted. At presen4.' there were 40 volumes, containing upon an average 3 001 p3, 5-s each, which constituted the statute law of England. Th,ugh those y9lumes enactments were scattered w out order o- rragemesi; sometimes embracing 10 or 12 different subjecis i a single e1,-ctment. The object of the Statute lAw Commision was to -et rid of those 40 volumes with all their defects, and to substit,:te some five or six volumes which should contain the whole sta Ute law of England reduced to about 300 acts of Parliament, L-clh ad embracn a single subject, but the whole of that subA,Ot Those 3w acts again were to be reduced into lasses; each constituting a complete class of the statute law. Itwasnecessaryto select one or two classesoflaws andoom. j .."uoi wustouoQaelon WITn regar,. to themn before yiga single bill on the table of theehouse, and that was the reawon no bill had yet been introducedi by the commisalon. It was agreed on all hands that the first and most ilnportantclass was the criminal law. It was subdivided S no eight subjects. instructions were given to prepare Ceght bllls. The whole of those eight bills had now been prnpared, an4 within a Tery few days would be laid upon thctable. BoH . members would then be able to appreciatSthe difficu2fies of the task, to,understand the obstacles and apediments which were presented at every stage of the proceedings, and to determine, judging by one class, hethe the consolidation of the whele statute law could not aucctssfolly be completed within the period assigned to it. Sb far from the 2iatate- Law CoPamision being open to reprehension or suspicion, they had done al that could bedone byabodyof learnedanddistinguished3men, andthat which they were doing, if they were permitted to do it, by the supportceIHerMajesW& Governm^ent and of-Parliament, would be the achievement ef one of the greatest national undertakings aver executed in this country. (Hear, hear.) Air. NV'ATrSO was quite prepared to vote the money asked by Her MasyesWs Government, but required an assurance that it would'work some good. (Hear, hear.) This commission, whicbhad now been sitting three years, had done nothing in the-world. (Hear, hear.) Enormous sums were Raid for the Criminal Law Commission, which was employea for many yeansvto consolidate the criminal law, but no frlt had ever yet been obtained. (Hear, hear.) The hon. and learned gentleman (Sir F. Kelly) told them in the month of February there was no difficulty in consolidating, the great difficulty being in codifying, and he now said there was nothing but diffleultyin consolidatin. The hon. and learned gentleman asserted that in 18 months he would not only prepare, with the assistance of his friends, but pass through both Houses, a perfect consolidation of the statute law of this coumtry. He took the liberty of repeating what he had said privately at the time, that if the hon. and learned gentleman did in 18 years one-half what he said he could do in 1S months he would promise him a higher statue to his memory than the Duke of York's. (A laugh.) He hoped the Solicitor-General would let them know what was really doing in this busines. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member for Surrey (Mr. L. King) proposed first to ascertain the obsolete laws and laws out of use, and to expunge them from the statute book, and then to begin consolidation. Until that was done nothing was done; they had not taken the frst step. But the hon. and learned member (Sir F. Kelly) said it was beginning at the wrong end to take out the repealed statutes, and they ought to begin to consolidate before they knew what there was to consolidate. (Hear.) He conceded that the difficulties in consolidation were inmmense, the ancient and modern statutes being full of contradictions. He vished to see them not only consolidating the statute law, but making positive enactments out of the unwritten law, and then, and not until then, would they have the law brought into a scientific state. (Hear, hear.) The learned judges upon the commission were constantly employed im the high duties of their profession, and one good head constantly employed, and with efficient subordinates, would be worth the whole 14 members of the comniission. (Hear.) Sir F. KELLY could assure the hon. and learned gentlemann that certain gentlemen were at present, and had been for some weeks, engaged in the work of expurgation of obsolete statutes. Seventeen or 1S bills had beenyrepared, any one of which would take any hon. member six months to frame, and they were nearly ready to be laid upon the table. The difficulties surrounding this question were immense. (Hear, hear.) When he brought forward this question early in the present session he said it would be necessary that he should have the support of the Government, and that they should undertake to supply the funds. Six weeks afterwards the question was brought under the notice of the Cabinet, -which had given the necessary .authority. Since then not an hour had been lost.. Twelve or 15 harrister had been constantly employed, and as fast as they had prepared bills he had been engaged in revising them. As soon as possible these bills would be laid on the table. (Hear, hear.) JBr. iAL1NS quite agreed with his hon. and learned firend that Mr. B. Ker had not bcen justly attacked. Pecuniarily, he believed this gentleman-was in a worse position than he would be if he had not these duties to perform. The Statute Law Commissioners had his best wishes for their saccess, but he could hardly join in the sanguine expebtations which seemed to be entertained by his hon. and learned friend (Sir E. Kelly). One suggestion made by the commissioners, in reference to the appointment of a Minister of Justice, was of great importance, and he trusted something would be done on this subject. Another point alluded to in thereports wasthe classification of the statutes; and if this House would every year take steps to classify the acts passed by it the greatest advantage would result both to the public and to the profession. He should like to see a specimen of the 1S bills said to have been prepared, and when one of those was carried they would then be better able to judge of what might be expected from the labours of the commissioners. Sir 1H. WI=LOITGHBY would be glad to know how this 1,9111. was to advance the objects of the Statute Law Commission? Mr. Bellenden Ker was said to render great service to the Lord Chancellor, but, if so, let him be paid a salary as legal adviser to the Lord Chancellor. (Hear.) He thought they were beginning at the wrong end in this matter. The House went on year after year heaping statutes upon statutes, and one of the first objects of Parliament ought to be to amend its system of legislation. Mr. BOWYEKR did not object to this vote, for he would willingly vote ten times the sum to place this great work on a satisfactory footing. But, looking at the constitation of the commission, he found many of its members holding high offlcial positions, who could not be expected to give any considerable portion of their time and attention to the business of the commission. The fact was, five or six thoroughly capable muen oughtto be found, and they should be naid such solarics as would induce them to devote their whole time to t,hiswork. Until this was done he believed theywould never get a practical plan brought before Parliament. Mr. EHADFIELD thought the noble lord at the head of the Government would have some diffictity in deciding pon the proper course to adopt after the various opinons which had been expressed by different members of the legal profession. He advised the noble lord to dismiss the whole staff (" Hear," and a laugh), as it was evident that their labours could produce nopractical resullt. There was, in his opinion, nuextraordinarydiffieultyin revising 2,600 statutes, collected in seven or eight volumes, which was in effect the task these gentlemen had to perform. He hoped the committee would disallow this item. Mr. J. G. PHIILLIMORE wished to know what benefit the country had derived from the money which had been expended in the attempt to consolidate the statutes? No doubt there was a certain amount of difficulty in the undertaking, but, if properly managed, it could unquestionably be accomplished. The difficulties which would attend the consoldation of the law of- this country wouid not be as great as those under whiclh the Roman Code was framed, nor as those under .which was drawn up the Code Napolton, whicb, with all its imperfections, was a model of legislative wisdom. As to .the present commissioners, he did not think-and he said it ,with the utmostrespect-that the Lord Chancellor had sufficiently estimated the importance of the tasL, nor did he think that Mr. Bellenden Ker was the person best fitted to preside over the commission. In his opinion the best method of accomplishing the task would be, instead of having a commission composed of eminent men who entertained contradictory opinions, to havo two or three eminent men, aided by an efficient staff, under the guaidance of one person. He would be prepared to -vote a very considerable sum of money for such a purpose as that ; but with regard to the present votes he looked upon it as money not merely thrown aw;ay, but as mnoney expended in a manner t.hat was positively mischievous. Lord J. BUSSELL considered that the desirability of codifying the law was a question, and perhaps a doubtful question; but there was no question. as to the fact, that it would be most unwise for Parliament to profess that a code ought to be drawn up, unless it was prepared to set seriously about the task. Now, as to the performance of that task, he could only say that it appeared- to him no nearer to completion than it was three years ago. It had been said that he present commission had been very successful; but in iorder to be successful three tlings were necessary. The commission, in the firs place, tohave been successful, ought to have been able to consolidate the law clearly; in the second place, they oughat to havobeen ableto obtaintheapproval o° Parliamentforthe statutaswhich theyproposed ;andthirdly, those statutes ought to have received the approbation of the judges. Norhad the commisnision performed their task to the satisfaction of an;oue but themselves. (A laugh.) It was surely most desirible thatthe Homse should have some, prospect of this w;ork being speedily accomplished. The hon. and learnedlembel for -East Suffolk had stated that certain bills had been, introduced whiab might prove exocedingly useful iU only they received the support o5- Her Majesty's Goxernment. Now, that was a point of tlhe most vital impoxrance. The task- was one of great im,ortance, and onewlich required great authority for itse,ecution. It wasby- no means matter for despair that wilh regard to someportions of the criminal law Sir R. Peel had, with the assiskance of his own law officers and of a gentleman of great zllity, Mr. Gregson, been able' to introduce and carry a very clear law uponu the sabject. Afterwards, when it became desirable to mitigate the severity of the criminal code, he .(Lord J. Rrzsell) had intro: duced various measures upon the subject, and he had been greatly assisted in the tasl, by the Criminal Law Com. missioners, and one of the judges had assured him that the judges generally were satisAed with those measures. (Hear, )iear.) In ordere howe v tacarry measures of that charac- ter, itwasnecesry that some rlinister of the Cro should Iundertake the matter, and that the (Qowenr.ent lQpuld not merely undertake to support those measures, bhtf that hoey r.ild consider those waich they approved as their own, and aid use all their inuenco to carry them into law. If and7:IbQ nf billswere thrownmupon the table providing for the consolidaii; ofthe law, notsupported,orher P bvthe Govetnc le should de"spak ovth' success Oae o the greate f modern tnmes-NapoIeon'wben he was First Consu , .d -w he was e7gaged in considering the provisions of that code w;-ch wold ever be a monu. ment of legislative wisdomn, was the habit, fiom-10 in the morming until 5 in the evenig, of taing counsel fwith his law officers and discus,singits provisions After the articles had been framed according to the serise of the majority of the Council, he sent them al over Francefor the consideration of the tribunals. Now, he (Lord J. Russell) thought that, in like manner, after this subject bad been fioly consideredbv those who 'were selected for the work, the product of their deliberations minht be submuitted the Lord Chief Justices, the Master of the Rolls, and other high legal authorities. To employ these high legal functionaries in the initiatory labours was to pu them in a position thzt could hardly be useful, bat their ,5?rvlces would be ofgrent valucifthevhad the simervini^, ana, Au --csauy, ane correclion of the work;s o- others. (Hear, hear.) Even three times the expense at present mcnurrer would not be thrown away if, by such mears as these, separate bills having the a,pproval of the highest authorities were brought into Parliament under the sanction of the Goveonment. Whether they were brought in by the Rome Secretary, the Solicitor-General, his right hon. friend the Chancellorof the Dnchy of Lancaster, or by a Minister of Justice, letit be understood that they were the measures of the Goverznent-that it was their object seriously tooinprove and zeform the statute book-to make this the prsipal business ef the seseion-and that they we2e prepared to form a .ede on wh*ich the reputtion of the centry might Be staked. (13ear,. hear.) If this were &ne, then we might expect the productics of such ;r code as couild be placed in competition nith that ofany other country in the world- (Hear. hear.) As to the particular plans vhich had beeot brought; forward Be would exureas no opinion It might be that the plan of hIse Attorney-&eneral was bhiter than that of the commissioners, or thatie plan of thr comnmissioners was better than that of the Mttbrney-General. On that matter he gave no cpinion, but liw would most eanestly repeat the view he had oxpressed, the& on a quettis of such serious importance t{e labours of those appointed todi-charge this duty ought to be submitted to the highest and most competent authoritfAs, and then =ch a reform of the statute oook wonld be oatained as would satisfy the Eouse and the country. (Hear, hear.) The SOLI CITOR-GrNEPA, wished to say a few words on this question, vAhich he admified was one of paramount importance, thougW:much that he intended to say had been anticipated in wha' had fallen from the noble lord. Ee must of course believe that the msde of procedure which had been adopted war the best that oould be followed considering the high authority on which it rested, and he could with great sincerity bear testimony to the zeal, energy, and industry which the commission had exhibited;. but it was unreasonable, wibibi so short a time, to look for anything as the direct fruits of their labourn The results of their exertions would be produced in a short period in a collected form, and therefore he thougi:t that a great deal of what had been said was unseasonable in point of time. The commission had- been industriously ooUlecting materials, and a number of consolidated statutes wonld shortly ho laid before Parlament. uInch had been said about the slow progress that hadi been made, but it. should be bornle in mind that the members of the commission could not devote to its duies the whole of theirtme, havinrtheir own proper offices to attend to. (Hear, hear.) The duties of the commission could only be discharged by each of the commisioners directing such. time as they wera able to command to the superintendence of the labours submitted to them. (Hear, hear.) Those duties, however, had been performed most.szealously, and thoee who complained that nothing had been done could. hardly hava taken a view of all the circumstances; With regard to the gentleman appointed to superintend the labours of the commission, there could be no imputation more unfonndec than that his appointment emanatedfrom an undue exercise of the Lord Chancellor's patronage. The Lord Chancellor selected him chiefly because he had discharged with2 fidelty his duties on the former commission. (Hear.) Supposing the course taken to be the right one-and he was bound to suppose it was-no person could more efficiently havo promoted the objects which the majority of the commissioners had resolved on than that gentleman. (Hear.) Undoubtedly he should have been glad if the House haa recogmzed the appointment of a great officer charged witlx the uty of amending the law, but the mode of proceeding by commission had been deliberately adopted, and the result obtained was more than might have been expected. He could assure the House that the commissioners were pre- pared to submit to Parliament bills which would fully. justify the representation made of their labours, and ie therefore thought that it would be unreasonable to refusa the vote now asked. Mr. L. KING trusted he need not assure the House that there was nothing whatever personal in his rotives in this matter; but, unfortunately, some box. gentlemen, when they had a bad cause to defend, were apt to impulte personal motives. His complaint was that this commisnion and the commission which preceded it, the Criminal Law Commission, bad spent enormous sums and done very little. *With respect to the Sleeping Statates Bill, he adnitted thathe stolethat out of thereport of the commission, for ithad been sleepingthere so longthat hethought it right to tear it out of the report and introduce it into the House. He would state a reason for the committee not agreeing to the proposed vote. By a return distributed that morning it appeared that the actual balance in the hands of theStatute Law Commissioners on the 30th of Ap_il last amonnted to 3,0291., and he saw no ground why the commnittee should now add to that sum. The committee then divided, when there appeared:- For the vote. ... ... ... 70 Against it , , . 54 MIajority ... ... ... -1 The vote was accordingly adopted, as were aso the following votes :-6,W)001 for the Civil Commission; and 8,1521. for sundry temporary commissions. On the vote of 21,842. to defray the fees, salaries, and compensations payable under the provisions of the Patent Law Amendment Act, Mrr. WILIJAMS objected to thelarge amount of the vote, and especially to the fees paid to the law officers of the Crown in Englandc for duties which, as he understood, consisted simply in signing their names to the various patents. Mlr. WILSON said, it was hardly fair to complain of this vote, seeing that it was but a few years since the fees payable to the law officers had been reduced from 10 guineas to 3 gnineas on each patent. The whole amount of this vote v-as but 21,8421., while the stamp duty paid under the provisions of the Patent Law Amcndment Act was no less than 90,0001., and the public were gainers to the amount of the difference between thetwo sums. lr. CHEETRAr l thought it monstrous that the mechar. ical ingenuity of the country should be taxed to the amount of 90,0001. a-year. The vote was agreed to. On the vote of 13,5007. for the salaries and expenses o£ the Board of Fisheries in Scotland, MIr. WILLIAMS condemned the vote as unnecessary and uncalled for. After the promise given by the Secretary of the Treasury last year, he had expected that it would not reappear; and he should certainly divide the 'Ron' against it. Mr. WILSON explained that a commission was kbout to sit to inquire into the best miode of performing the duties at present _charged by this board. this was the last tiue in ahich the votc in its present form would appear upon the estimates. Mr. WILIAMS said that, after this explanation, he had great pleasure in withdrawing his opposition to the vote. Mr. FERGUS opposed the votc- and expressed his satisfaction that something was about to be done for the abolition of this board. Sir A. CAMI?BELL was surprised that Scotch mlembers should be anxious for the abolition of this board, the duties of which must, if it were destroyed, be perfonned by some other body. Sir G. PECRELL asked, for explasations relative to an item of 2001., and another-of 1001., for two of Her 3Majesty's ships which had been employed in the north of Scotland in connexion with this fishery. Mr. C. BRUCE believed that thb Government plan had been productive of the most beneficial results to the herring fishery of Scotland. IJhder that system the export trade had increased frona 85,000 barrels ix 1829 to MODOO in Mr. L. DAVIS;oontende& that. the trade ought to be thrown upon its own-resources It baa no right to pecuuiary aid from Parliament. Mr. BLACK adduced the opinion of one of the commissioners to the effet that the-withdrawal oa the vote would be a national injury to .Scotljnd. Mr. BLACKBURN;a&s a Scotch member, thought this vote indefesisble. The Government last session gave the House to understand that the propriety of discontinuing it should be inqired into,; but it was not until November that the 'reasury sent downa minute on the subject to the Fishery Commissioaers. The board made a long and some. what iruelevant rey, vindicatiagits existence, as of course all boailswould co. - (A laugh.} The hon. .ember quoted a lette written y a.large herring curer at Anstruther, who gave it as his opinion, that the development of the trade was due to causes wholly irrespctire of this vote, which might be withdrawn not only without detriment, but with positiv adwantage tv, nrivate enterprise. I Mzr. bP IWX t e to Know in What shape, if any, tfis vote wiz likely to come before the comnmittee next lear7 The CIANC ILO1: of the EXCHJ3QJI explaineI that, exception having been taken to this vote ast year, the Government tEen admitted that it was open to serions objection, and premised that it should be carefully considered before beiDg again submitted to Parliament. During ths xeccsthe sub~ect was examined accordingly, ana the Govern ment, being of opinion that the principle on which the grant was founded was untenable, and that it ought not 'i zeappear mn the estimates, made a communication to that effect to the Fishery Board. The Board 'i reply-perhaps not nnnaturally-defended the vote. They made strong remonstrances to the reasur, WiIcT were supported by many hon. gentlemen connected ith Scotland, sitting on both sides of the house. it was zepre sented that thlis question was not confined to tEe brandiDg of fish, but was connected wdth the construction of piers and harbours in the small ports on the coast of Scolbeid, and affected a, branch of trade wrlich afforded ffse means of subsistence to a very oonsiderable clhse of the poor popultion of that country. TIJder such circumstances, the Governmaent were unilling take a course which they vwere told by persons tcl1y acqluainted with the subject might be attende4'oith 7err serious results, but they determined to prOpose the vote this session, atUd to se nt ,do'm te B.oiland a vommiSQtn tj
(6N SHILLINRG a LE1SSONf.-A lady, a professor of snging,the pianoforte. and elocution, possessing a voice of superior quality and great compsass, also a brilUiant vocal shrakoe gives INSTRUsCTION for the STAGE:, Concert, and Drawing Rocom. 1 adieas taught to ring, and to play to their owrn singing in 12 lesaons.-Alpha, care of Mr. llatfield, newrs agent, 78, Tottenhamn-conrt-road. JNED UCATE) TLATIES can receive first-class IFSSONS on the PIANOFORTE, most privately, at the house of a ady, residing near Cavendish-squaro, combined with the general routine of a sound En glh education. writin , French, and Italian if desre Addre B. B., esterton'allbraxy, yde-park-corner. C>ORNET-il-PISTONS.-LESSGNS GIVEN on lKrenig's system of teaching, by E. WOODINAN (three years' as. ristant to that eminent artiste), at Distin's, 31, Cranbourne-street. No charge for use of instruments or music. Terms moderate. l+ANaNG TUGHTto DULTS, by MIr. and GEORGEBABNERT atWiBs's Pioms, iLBrew er-street. Goldn-suar. Prvat leso iu ho als, g lo,Iancers. VamEo.iana. &c,, at all hours, to ladies or gentlemen. Schools and famillw attended. The rooms avy be engaged for bails, &oc. rbANCING.-The Misses BARNARD (pupils of Mons.Coulon) beg to announce that they continue to receive adult pupils (ladies and gentemen) for private inatruction, and that they at. tendladies'colege. and famnilia in and out of town,-68, Newmanstreet, Oxford-street. ACADEMY for 33StEter-hal, and late M at hoursa and evening classes for instruction in the newv and successful dance, LaVarssoina introduce^d in ondon at this establishent); alsso the whole oftUhe modem dances taught. with the advantage of practising with ladies as partners. An atsembly every Friday evening: terms S a leseson, or one guinea a quarter. Note the terms and address. 1lAADAME MICAEls DAIJGHTER, Madame 1 LLADbEE.IDE, and Mile. },E TI1IERS, bold their AQADEbIY for DANCING everyv Monday sat, andFriday at 3. Au academy for yoUng children every Monday at 3, and Thursday at 3. Privateinstrucetion, schools attende, an urt presentation les3ees 109, New 13ond-street. oCHOOLS (and Partnerships in) for SALE School S Premises to be Let, &c-Ladies or gentlemen can have the benefit (free of expenee) of a very full REGISTER of the above by applying to or addreing, giving every perticular of their requirements, &c.,3 Mr. ortheMiases FSM R, Eucational Ageny,I Alredpla Bedford-sqare. lNetiee to Prlncipals,-As Messrs. P. have many urgent applications for the above, which are situata in particular localities, or are of certain class, they vould (from inabiity to meet the same) solic im.lmediate inEformation of any school property for sale, or premises to let. The long audhononrable staudingef this institution is a guaraln tee for the confidence of all. WE BD, - TATfor Austra LADIES' and GENv !EN s 1T-F 0R BDXG A II, Uc., of eTery descrpton and any quantity. Ladies andgentlemen wited on at any time or distance, Dy ddressing, pro-paid to MIr. or Mr.Pll?ilPS, Jl, Thayer-etreet, sfnheeter-aquare. Estblished 30 years, Wt!71) LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, for exporta' V1on.-I2es or gentlemen Wl be waited on at any Ume or stance, and have te ighest picoe gtven for LEEiTOTI' CLOTHES of al desiptions, by addredug to Mr. or MAs. G. HYAMS, cloUtIs, 1Tyler-etreet, Regent-street, Etablished31 yeo. WDANT LADIES' Gentlemen's, and Children's V LEIT-OFT0 WEARWlNG PPAREI4 of every description, and Inany quntity. Ladies and gentlemen vwAted on at any time or dIstance by addr g, praid, to Ir. or Mrs. HUT17I-SON, 17, Dean-street, High Hol1: established 1810. WANTED, EFT-OFF CLOTHES, for AL V In good or InferLor eondstroy -dIr. and Mrs. 10H Ao colonial clothiers 319 ana 320, t.a d oppte Somerset-ouse, con Mane giving thoe hIghest pic Ine Cas or LB8E', Getlemen's, and Children's WEAINGB APPiARE, &c.Letters addrse as ibovefos any day ordistance most punctually attended to. Establisthed 4S yes. ,tr ED,for the colonie, LEFT-OFF WEAR. v IG PPAREX, of every deserip ion, miscellaneouas property, &c. Lasdies and gentlemenl waited onust any time, at their residences, b a letter addressed to M[r. or Mrs. SOMON, 58, Seymour-street Enston-,qtare, or2d, Deverell-street. Dover-road, Parcels from the country, the ull value remitted per return post. Established 1835. TED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, for emr VT tlon.-Mr. and Mrs HART stil otneg,Mteh~. 7!h,e In cash for e d ption of WEARING APPA teal, adles or gteme aigayo h above for asle, in any quantIUes or condition, wilibe punctuall walked st their residences, any day orr to or Mms Hart,, 31. eeslsre,Srnd salse 81 kRSO's ORIGINAL ANTI-CORROSION , PAIx"' specially Patronised by the British and ether Govern. mnete, the lion. East India Company, the PrinciPal Dock Companies, moat public bodies, and by the nobisty. gentry, and clergy, for outdoor work at their country seats, The anti-corrosion is panticulsrli recommended as the most durable out-door paint ever invented, for the preservation of every description of iron, wood, stone crick, compo, coement, &c., work, as has been proved by the cractical test o pwards ol 60years, andbythe numerous (between 00and 00) testlmnonialsin ita favour, andwhich, from the rank and station in society cf those wrho have given them, have neveryet been equalled beas-y thing of the ind hitherto brouaght before the public notice. is of coloulrs, prices tigether wfith acopy of the testimonials, will be sent on anplicatien to Walter Careen and 8on, 9, Great Winchester. sbeet Ola d roadustreet, Royal Echange. London. uso genb ad1 I.e0. WATERPROOF DUEBING -1yspecial fJro Appointment of Her imajestys hlon. oara of Ordnance for the Supply p tthe Allied Amles e mth heCreme rProtetedbypeueo Intunction of the Hsi h Court of Ch scery. Granted December 1848, and January a9e-caonom Heaslth, an,dComEort.-If yoouwishtnpre serve your heslth in winter, and wpalk o th ease inesCsmer, ma ndyour bootsband shoes soft. durable, and waterroof, bytusingthe celrased and genuine E. L Or WATERPROOF DUEBBING, a omnposition free from any ingredints detrimuental to the leather, but'whiahlsoEaPn nd nourishes it. and maXes a pair of hoots last twice as long as usualt It doea not stop up the pores of tho leather, thereby rendering the use of it unboalthy, but simp,y by delicately waterproofing the outside, renders the coarsest grain susceptible of a smooth surface and abrilliant polih. The public are cautioned asainSt an imitation nowr concocting under a lugnsoundng tite mac np ofthe vry coarnist warerial, and calculated to destroy all leather articles, therefore they are repectfnlly deered to asX fortheEB. LO0.waterroof dubbing, as nonesother possesthe same qualities. Sold in s. and Od. pots. andin half apound tin cans, by ali respectable oilmen in town and country. Testimonials |arerespectfullysolcitedofromsoldirs andloficeArs.ho haveused iti AlheCrsons. gents Wanted. Direct3'actory, Battersea. Surrey. N.B. ti ersofnth dealing In aniySPuriOnS imitation wfitlbe liable to the penal. tiso teLnjuntion of 1808 and 1049, which the prOprietsrs are resolved to enforce. jtZURNISH YOURP HOUSE with the JBEST 'ARTICEat DENs ionmongery anld fumnishing wfarehouses. PricedfurnishingElstfree by poet.-Deau, Dray, and Co., opening to the Monumzen t,London-bridgo, Esablished &D. 1700 ERMAJESTY'sTE3 ATRE.-J dle.lc olomini. - H Grand Extrm Night.-O Ttiursdar next June 5, will be repeatedVerdi'shighly Successful oyeea. L TRAVIATA. Violotta, Malle. Piccoloin'uii; Alfredlo. Signor Ceirolari; and Geraont Giorgia, Signor Ben eveutano. To concl ude 'vitb a Xew Balet Divertiseannent, n which Mdlle. ari3e Taglion sad M.! Charles fwill appear and danca a Grand Pas do Deux and La Seuimduila. Grand4 Pas de Deax bF MdDeo. Boechetti and M-. Yandija. Applications for boxes, stall, and tickets to be nmade at the box-of ice oE the theatre, Colonnade, ITaymarket. L YCEU31 THBATRE.-khst Aippearance of ,ll MiDadame Ristori and the ltdiian Dranmazic Com ynY - T,morroei lWednesda June 4) wille boPerformed (for tbe Srst time in Englaind) a now tragedy, ent'l MEDEA (translated into Italian by J. MontaneUi from. the French or 11 Iegouvp). Medea, Madame Ristori; Creusa, MdUe. Piochiottino; Nutrioe di Creusa, Madame Feliziani; Una Giovinetta Md'de. Rapazp.cinl- Licaono and Melanto (children of Giasono and Medea). Mdlle. A. Gleck and Mdlle. B. Gleck; Creonte, Signor Tessero; Orfeo, Eignor Boccomini; Giasone. Signor Gleck: Capo-popolo, Signor Pomnatelli. Doors open at S. The tragedy wiU commence at half-past 8, and terminato about 11. Boxes and stalls may be secured on application to Mr. Parsons, at the box-office of the theatre ; and to the principal Vil rrians and musicsielers. Prices of admission :-Boxes, ze3 3a., i4 4s.. £5 5s.. and £6 6s.; it stalls, £1 is.; amphitheatre stalls, 7& pit. Ss. . amphitheatre, s 6i. RURY-LA-E.-62d, 63d, 64thr G5th, and 66th Nights of English Opera.-The public stilU continue to favour, in in extraordinaryndegree.the operatic representations at this national establisahmeut.-The house is crowded nightily. and loud and long ar the manifestations Of applanse.-THIS EVENING (Tuesday), and on Thurcday and Saturday. WaaUace's opera. MARITANA, *wiDl be repeated. To-morrow (Wednesday). and on Friday, II Trovatore, or The Gipsy's Vengeance.,which, notwithstanding its unprecedented run of 30 nights, continues to draw the largest audiences. Lucy Escott. Miss Fanny Huddart, Miss Dyer: Ur. Augustus Braham, Mr. EllUot Gaier, hr. Henry Haigh. hr . anvers, Mr. Durand, Mr. Ilernard, Mr. Conrtaigne. SIr. H31lford, A-c. Every eveining during the wreekMr. aned MeaW. 3. Florence will peforrn-preceding the onera in tholaugohable piece of MfISCHKIEVoUS AN.NIE.snd afterthe operain THE YANKhE HOUSEICEEPEIt-bein-g the last five nights of thelr Benefit of Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Florence, under most distinguished patronage. IHEA TRE ROYAL, HAYIARKET.-THIS L,EVESNING (Tuesday), 66th night of the new comedy of THE EVIL GENIUS. Tom Ripstone (the Evil Genius). Mr. luckstone. After which. the renowned Spanish dancers, Feres Nena, with MIanuel Perez. and their Spanish Coryphes, in the balet pantomime of EL GAMBUSINO: or. The Mexican Golddigger. With the new farce of THE RIGHTS AND WRONGS OF VOMAN, Concluding with THE POSTMANS KNOCK. To-morrow (Wednesday) will be revived Mr. Buckstone's comedy of Single Life. Thursday and Friday, She Stoops to Conquer. Saturday, The Evil Genius. Everyevening during the week the Spanish dancers and the new farce. HEATRE ROYA4, HAYMARKET.-Mr. K GEORG1!: TUJRPIN, Sox Bookkeeper. begs to annoumce that his ANNUAL BENEFIT will ta7e place To miorrowv. June 4. whan will be revived Mrr. Buestone's c omed of SINGLE LIFE: - with tbe Spanish Dancers: aud a new farce, entitled THE RIGHTS AND 'WRONGB OF WVOMAN, With other Entertainments. OYAL PRINC^ESS's THEATRE. - THIS ZX EVENING and during the week wil be presented Shakspeaxe a play of THE WINTEt'S TA LE. Leontes. by Mr. C. Kan- tIer- mione, byMrJ.Kean. Preceded byTHE VICTOR1ti(&UISTEIED. 11EATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI: commence at 7, T terminate 11.-Novelty andUnique Attraction.-Last Time this Season of Paul Pry.-A Bottle of Smoke, a great succes9-GoodNight, Sig. Pantalon.-THIS EVENING, PAUL PRY (for the last tine). I'aul Pry, Mr. Wright; Eliza (with the song of " Cherr Ripe"). Miss afary eeley: Phcebe, hiss Kate Hell. With A BOTTLE OF SMOKE: by fr. Wright and Miss Wyndham. And GOOD NIGHT, SIG. PANTALON: Messrs. P. Bedford and J. Bland; Misses K. K;elly Arden. and h. l;eeley, To-morrow. for the Benefit of Madame Celeste, when will be revived the celebrated drama of The Flying Dutchman, with new scenery, dresses, and supenatural effects, and a most powverful cast. Vanderdecken (on this occ4asion). Mfadame Celeste. 'Wth the Second Act of The Green Bushes. And tho comic pantomime of Jack and the Bean Stali. R O YAL ADEhLPHI THEATRE.-Revival of The FElyingDutchman.-h dame CELESTE's ANNUALBENEFIT, To-morrow Bventeg, June 4 (onwhlch occasion shewill sustain Vander. declen in The Flying Datchman, Mimi in The Green Bushes, snd Harlequin in Jack andThe Bean Stalk), when wil be revived the celebrated Adelphi drama of TIE FLYING DUTCHMAN (witl supernatural effects and new scenery). Supported by Messrs. B. Webster Wright?. Beford elby, lana Madae Celeste. MseM elr Kell,& c. W ith (by desivel Secons dAco f raTHE GREcEN E d } .t RU H S by Mlessrs. Wrigt, Paul Bedford, and Madame Celeste. To conclude w ith the comic pantemims (as performed by command b efore Her Harflequin,MandameCeesto Columbine, Miss Wyndh Bores, stalls, and tickets to be had at the theatre. iADLER's-WELLS.-English Opera.-Manager, M Mr. Howard Qlover.-nsieal Director. Mr.W. H. Montgomery.- Tvwo Last Grand Extra Nights.-Unprecedented Combination of Talerit.-Madame'Viardot Garcia Miss lBassano. Mliss J. B3leaden, and Ms. Sims Reeves; Mr. Sims Reeves, Mr. Delaranti, Ar. J. Miranda, Mr. Leffer. M Sainton (the eminent violinist), and Herr Pislchek (the celobrated basso).-To-morrow (Wednesday, June 4), being for the BENTEFI of Mr. HOWARD GLOVER, the Two last Acts of THE BOHEMIAN GIRL. After which, a Grand Conoert, Con- cluding with THE BEGGARS' OPERA. Captain Macheath, Mr. SimsaReevee. On Saturday. June 7 a variety of Entertainmeute,being positively the last appearAnce of Mr. Sims Reeves at this theatre. - mA HERMA ST'S THEATRE. Albertini, Baucardae, Alboni. HIMS EVENING (Tuesday June 3) wilt be produced (second time at this theatre) Verdi's opera, L TROVATORE. Leonora, Madame Albertnisi (her second appearanre);* Azucena, Masdame Alboni; Man- rico, Signor Baucarde (his second appearance); iFerrando, Signor B o u c e; l C nce di u n a, Sig or ene ent n o. T o con clu de 'w it ha a liew Ballet Divertissement, ; in w°hic h h IZ i lde.nt Mai iTaTiohnli and h- Charles will dance a Grand Pas do Deux and La Seguldilla. Grand Pa5 do Deux by Mdlle. Boschetti and a.a Yandris. Applications for, boxes, stalls, and tickets to he made at the box-office of the theatre, Colonnade, Hymnarket. ROYAL ITALIA OPERA. LYCEUM. THIS EVENING (Tuesday. June 3) wil be performed Verdi'a favourite opera, RIGOLETO. Gilda, Mfadamne Bosio,;Madalens, Tagi afico Maruh lo. R °Seign°or GSrgegoco : Bo2 rs3a. Signpor Sold .: Cenrano. Signor Mfel; and Ii Duea, Signor Mlario. Conductor-Mir. Costa. Aftoer which, the ballet divertissemnent entitled EV4, Principal scIa. racters hyhIdilee. Esper, Genat, audComba, Mrr. Payne, 31. DespI accs and hldUle, Cento. Commnence at & DRURY-LALt,-ENGIaSH OPERA. THIS EVENING, MISCHIEVOUS ANNIE. After which, Waflace's opera, MARITANA. Lucy Escott, Miss Dyer; Mr. Elliot Galer, Mr. Durand, 31r. Cour. taigne. ko. To ooneludewith THE YA BKEE HOUS PER. THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET. Under the Mfanagement of hfr. Buckstone. THIS EVENING, THE EVIL GENIUS. Measn. Buckstone,Compton; Mis Swanborough,.Fitzwfwiliam, &C. Aflter which, Perea Nena and the Spanish Dancera. THE RIGHTS AND WRONGS OF 'WOMN. ConcludingwithTHEPOSTMhES KNOCK. ROY'AL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. Under the bManagement of Mr. Charles Kean. THIS EVENNGwill be presentedTHE VIOTOR VANQUISHED. Alterwhich, Shakgpearos play of THE WINTER'S TALK Leontes, by Mr. 0. Kean; Hermione. by Mrs. C. Mean. THPATRE ROYALh ADELPHI. Proprietor. hlr. B. Webster; Directress, MadamoCeleste. THIS EVENING, PAULPRY : Iesrs. Wright, C. Sdby, Parselle, ,. Bland; Misses hl. Keeley. Leigh Mlurray, K. Kelly. With A BOTTLE OF SMOKE:. Mr. Wright and Miss Wyendlam. And GOOD NIGHT, SIG. PANTALON. Commence at 7. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. Lessee, Mr. Alfred'Wigan. THIS EVENING, THE JEALOUS 'VIFE-Moes, G. Vinig. Enmery,Danvers; Mrs. Stirling, Miss Castieton. THE WANDERING MINSTRtE STAY AT HOE9-Memrs. G. Vlining and Emery; Mr Stirling and Miss Ternan. Commenco at I past 7. ROYAL SURREY THFTRE, Lessees. Messrs. Shepherd and Creewiclc. THIIS EVENNG, JULBIUJS C2AR. Julius C3mar, Mr. lNorman' Mlarcus Brutus. Mtr. James Anderson; Caseine, Mr. Creawick; Maro Anteny, Mr. Alfred Eayner: Caiphumia, Mlrs. Moreton Prookes; Portia, Miss Elsaworthy. To conclude 'with THE FLiOATING BESACON. Jack Junk, M£r. Shepherd. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPEHITHEEATR Iessee and Manager, Mr. W. Cooke. TEIS EVENING, THE HORSE OF THE CAVERN , or, The Mounted Bripnds of the Abruzzi. The Acts of the Arena. Double Revoh4ng Athletss To conclude with THE FESTIVAL OF PEACE, or Honour to the Brave; with Grand AUegorical Tableau. TO CORRESPONDIENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of lhe Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5Ad is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp uffixed. 'Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) I%e Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the nane and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. Sr The Dpblication of Tis Tnui3 commenced at 5 o'clock yesterday morming, anc tiniahied at 20 minutes past 9.
LONDON, TUESDAY, JUNE 34 1856. -W In the House of Lords yesterday, On the motion of the Duke of ARGYLL, the Reformatory Schools (Scotland) Bill was read a second time. Lord D -cA.oN asked if the Government intended by any measure to compel coasting vessels, or vessels sailing in the Channel by night, to exhibit lights, and whether the Admiralty had under consideration any new plan of nighit signals for sailing shiips. Lord STA,NTLE oF ALDmx?y stated that the'whole subject was under consideration by the Admiralty. The Earl of IAIDDwiCK doubted the expediency of compelling both ships and steamers to observe the same regulations. The report of amendments of the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Bill was received. The National Gallery Bill went through Committee. The Fire Isurances Bill was read a third time. The House then adjourned. In the House of Commons, in reply to an inquiry by Mr. RonsBcx, Lord PALERmsToi said it had been, decided by the Congress of Paris that coinmissioners should be appointed by the Turkish Government and by the Gover=nents of England and France, to go to Moldavia and Wallachia, and place themselves in communication with Divans to be convoked by the PORTE, with the view of considering a form of governmnent for the Principalities, it being reserved to each Government to give to its commissioners such instructions as it thought proper. The commissioners would not proceed to execute their functions until the Divans 'were constituted, and, as thiswould not be untilthe provinces were evacuated by the Austrian troops, and the Russian troops had retired from that portion of Bessarabiacededto Turkey, a certain delay must take place. On the order for going into a Committee of Supply, Mr. Jaums M&cGRBGoR, pursuantto notice, submitted some observations upon the state of Greece. Re dwelt upon its disorgaiilzed condition, and inquired what was to be the result of the military occupation of the Pireus; and whether the Government of Greece, which had been descibed as most corrupt, was to be supported. Re hoped, he said, to elicit from Lord PALm%EBSTO- an expression of the future policy of the British Government towards that of Greece. Lord PAs sTow said, -with respect to the conduct generally of the Government of Greece, le had nothing to add to the opinions expressed bylhim on a former occasion, referred to by Mr. M&CGEGOGR, to which he adhered, the course which had been since pursued by that Government having only confirmed those opinions. The Pirmus had been occupied by French and British troops in consequence of measures of aggression, either instigated or permitted by the Government of Greece, against the Turkish territories, and during that occupation those aggressions had ceased. He wished he could say that it had produced any improvement either in the system of government or the internal condition of the country; but what w;as termed brigandage,-the carrying offpersons for ransom,-pillage, and highway robbery continued to a great ex;tent. The real fact was, he observed, that the Government and Court pary were in conflict with the representative system. The three allied Powers, England, France, and Russia, had issued a proclamation promising to the Greeks a representative Government, which was delayed until the majority of the Eing, who, when called upon to fulfil his engagement, evaded it, until it was extortedfromhim by aninsurrection; andfromnthat time to this there had been a perpetual endeavour to get rid of the constitutional Government by corrupt and indirect means, the money which should have been appropriated to the discharge of the debt having been applied to corrupt the electors and tho elected, so as to make the Greek Parliament a mere shadow of what it should be. As the guarantee of the debt was comnmon to the three Powers, it had been held that no one Power -was entitled to enforce its own claim. It would not be possible, he added, to anticipate the future polcy of England and France with respect to Greece. Mr. M. MINas believed that there was a fair prospect that the system of brigandage would be put an end to. The subject then dropped, and the HEouse went into Committee of Supply upon the remaining Civil Service Estimates. The vote of 1,9111. for the charges of the Statute Law Commission gave occasion to a long discussion, in which the constitution of the commiission, its proceedings, and the whole scheme of revising and constlidating the written law underwent revievr. The CaniLix.Nhaving been ordered to report the resolutions agreed to, The debate on the second reading of the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill, adjourned on the 25th of April, was resumed by Sir J. FzEiaussoif, who said he could not join in the opposition raised in Scotland against this bill, respecting which, he thought, great misapprehension prevailed. It was not the object of the bill to sever the schools from the Church, or to take away that security for religions teaching. Although it abolished the obnoxious formula of the test, it preserved the religious character of the schools, He suggested, however, that there should be a provision in the bill that the schoolmasters were of some definite Christian denomination. 31r. C. BRucE said, although he efttertained very serious objections to certain clauses of the bill, he should not (for the reasons he stated) divide the House on the question of the second reading, but should endeavour to persuade the Rouse not to go into conmmittee upon the bill as it stood. The turning point of the whole question was the guarantee of the union of religious and secular education, which the bill would, in his opinion, impair, while it would be a heavy blow and a great discouragement to the Church of Scotland. Mr. BLAcn observed that the opposition to the biU came from two sources,-the Established Church and the Commissioners of Supply. The former desired to retain the monopoly of the schools, and the latter, the principal proprietors of the county, opposed every reform. Rie justiied the abolition of thetest, and contended that the bill would not diminish thecontrolof theminister orthePresbytery over the religious teachingin the schools, which was, in fact, in the hands of the heritors. The great guarantee for religious teaching was the religious principle of the people of Scotland, Mr. BL&cicsumI insisted that the Presbytery had the superintendence of the moral and religious conduct of the schools, and that the bill took away that power, and practically severed religious and secular education. Re objected to the division of Scotland into districts and the appointment of inspectors by the Committee of Privy CounciL Mr. X&cx opposed the bill, contending that the schools were in an efficient state, aud that the Government had no right to intrude inspectors upon them. Mr. JoNsToxx, althoughhe did not object to the second reading of the bill, considered that it went too far. The abolition of the test would be an abolition of the obligation that the schoolmasters should be Presbyterian and the teaching Presbyterian; and such a change Parliament, he thought, was not justified in making. The LORD-ADvOCAm said, with regard to whatwas called the test, it was too late to maintain exclusive tests; they must go, and the question was what was to be done when the test was removed. He went through the clauses of the bill, arguing that the Presbytery would under it retain a superintendence over the schools, and that there was ample security for religious teaching, though not of a sectarian character. After some remarks by Sir A. CAm.BEnL, MIr. SCooT, Sir G. MowTaooaRy, Mr. G. Dm-rDAs, and Mr. W. LocxaART, the bill was read a second time. The remaining business having been disposed of, the House adjourned at 2 o'clock.
The yet more recent intelligence which we have received fromithe IJnited Statesleaves us little reason to doubt that the Government of General PImECE 'will not stop short in the career on which it has embarLed, but will follow up the reception of the Minister of General WALEER by the dismissal of the Minister of Queen VICTORtA. It is vain any longer to delude ourselves 'with the hope that wiser and more moderate counsels will prevail 'with a Government which has thrown off all pretence of adherence to the rules that regulate the intercourse of nations, and feels no degradation in allying the interests of the great nation 'with whose destinies it is intrusted to men exercising a trade which a few years ago any sanguine speculator on humaan progress would have pronounced to be an anachronism and an impossibility. The same electioneering necessities -which niake the representative of a band of lawless freebooters a fit guest and companion for the chief magistrate of a Christian and educated Republic have decreed that, in spite of our earnest wish to atone for the offence we have unintentionally given, and our abstinence from anything which could by any possibility aggravate the dispute, we must undergo the indignity of seeing our Mlinister dismissed from the diplomatic circle at Washington for offences supported by testimony on which we should never dream of convicting the basest of manld:nd. The Presidential election must be carried, at whatever price, and it is deemed by the present Ministry better to plunge their Government into any amount of disgrace and their country into any degree of danger than to lose a single vote which may be gained by insolence to allies or imion with criminals. At this critical time nothing is more melancholy than the attitude of the American press; at least, of that portion of it which ve hlave seen. It is either afraid to speak out at all, or, in order to catch the first breath of popular favour, involves itself in the most flagrant and glaring contradictions. Thus we are told in the same article in the -AYetv York Herald that WALxEaes cause is desperate and certain to succeed, and in two successive articles that England cares nothing for Central America, that she 'will be glad to be rid of it, that she has sold the M,osquitoes to WAiiER, and its chaffering with Honduras for the price of- Ruatan, and that, true to her policy of a.,, sion and violence, she is ready to fight to the death for these very possewions. One moment we have a blast of war, the next a song of peace; the PaszlSDcNT is first blamed, and then praised; now treated as a bold and successful statesman, now as a feeble and cowardly intriguer. We seek in yain for something on Which to anchor our faith, something animated by a higher principle than that of the most momentary and grovelling expediency, and we seek in yain. Still, even the dismissal of Mfr. C0RA_zO3 and the dismissal of Mr. DALTAs, which must immediately succeed it, by no means imply a state of war, or are even necessary preludes to that dire calamity. We may be at peace with America, though -without any diplomatic representa. tive; and, perhaps, at the point at whichi matters have arrived, the absence of anl Ambassador may in some degree diminh the apprehension of danger. When one party is bent upon fixing a quarrel upon the other, the fewer points of contact they have the more likely is the desire of the more pacific party to be attained. The less they see of each other the less likely wllI the embers of smouldering discontent be to be fanned into a flame. Besides, with us time is of the very essence of the case. As war is threatened for electioneering objects, if the rupture is adjourned till the elections are over we are comparatively safe. The American papers anticipate that, after a meeting which was to take plate on the 2d of June for the purpose of naming a candidate for the Presidency, the fever in the blood of the Washington Cabinet would beg to subside. At anyrate, when the-Presidential election is over, we may reasonably conclude that the urgent necessity which is felt for a quarrel with England will be over too, and the new incumbents of office will turn their attention to filling up places, rewarding friends, and punishing enemies, and leave us, if they have left us at peace so long, in undisturbed possession of the blessing of which they now seem so anxious to deprive us. Everything, therefore, combines to inculcate Upon our Government a temperate (we had almost said a temporizing) policy, which may give angry passions time to cool, selfish objects time to be realized, and popular good sense time to decide on the merits of the dispute. We can assert our own dignity without peevisle haste; nay, all the better that we do not feel driven to show an irritable or quarrelsome spirit. We must endure no insult, but we must not be eager or anxious in endeavouring to discover offence, even where it may perhaps be intended. Et well becomes us, as the eIder, and certainly not the less powerful State, to be slow to believe that any Government can deliberately intend to seek a quarrel with us, and, even if satisfied that this is the case, to leave them up to the very last moment the most ample opportunity of reconsideration and retreat from a position hastily and imadvisedly taken up. The consciousness that ,we are equal to any encounter that may ba forced upon us may well teach us patience and long-suffering. Still it must be confessed, though recent events in the United States do not menace us with immediate war, and though a strong effort on behalf of their country made by those classes which take little interest in ordinary politics may pernaps still arrest the course of the Government, that each new account we receive shows more and more clearly the predominance of a spirit fatal to relations of permanent goodwill and amity between the United States and any Government faithful to those principles and traditions of which England may not unreasonably boast to be the representative. We have to do with men wh( habitually subordinate foreign to domestic politics, and who have now finally deserted the safe and honourable course of trusting to internalgrowth and development to secure their greatness, and have em. barlked on the endless and restless career of tcrritorial conquest and annexation. If we be so fortunate as to get over the present danger, we cannot, therefore, hope for a long respite. Some new nation may be found wealk, disunited, and tempting, -some new combination of parties which can only be secured by raising anew the war-cry against England, until at last, in some unhappy moment, the pretence so often repeated will turn into grave earnest, and both nations will be condemned ta weep in tears of blood-the one that she has advanced so far; the other that without dishonour she could recede no firther.
Spain has remained unusually tranquil during the great battle of the nations. Time was when this great monarchy overshadowed all other laud=, and even where her iron legions had not made their way the fear of her name prevailed. We are not about to write in a spirit of bitterness against Spaniards and Spanish things, for we know well that Spain, which has been well nigh for two centuries and more in an effete condition, contains wvithin her limits the elements of a glorious future. One honour, at least, cannot be denied to her. From the Pyrenees to the Mediteiranean, and from the eastern waters which wash her coast to the great Atlantic, with the single exception oE a mighty crag which is rather annexeed to her territory than part of it, Spain is free from the profanation of foreign occupation. We do not pause to inquire how this result was brought about during the last war; suffice it to say the fact is so. fTor is there reason to doubt of the military genius and warlike qualities of the people, when Spanish air has been once purified from the taint of priestly superstition and courtly intrigue. The upper classes, indeed, are effete and worn out. The sangre azuZ runs in feeble though limpid streams through the thin arteries of a stunted ana degenerate race. Beneath these in social position are men who want but opportunity to make their names illustrious in civil policy and in comnmercial enterprise. The great heart of Spain, however, beats strongest in the stout breast of the Spanish peasant. In the mountains of Biscay, in the vast plains of Leon and Castile, and amid the sierras of Andalusia, the scene of many a knightly achievement in the old days of Morico waitare, are to be found the stalwart childreii of the soil from whose loins will spring the men who are destined to restore this great country to her place among European nations. This result, however, is not in Spain to be brought about by the sword. Civil conflict, indeed, must and will have its way; but until the cycle of these intestine broils is at an end, and the government of the country is brought into harmony with the wishes of the great majority of the nation, Spain cannot hope for improvement or progress. We are deeply interested in the fate of this magnificent country. In her present prostrate condition Spain is lost to Europe and to the world. Something, indeed, has been achieved im the overthrow and flight of the dissolute crew who polluted the Court of Mladrid with their presence, and of the paltry tricksters who, as re. presentatives of Spanish statesmanship, made the glorious name of their country a byword through, out Europe for intrigue and for violated faith. We have for some time past had our attention so keenly occupied -with the great conflict in progress on the shores of the Euxine that we have not perhaps paid sufficient regard to the development of Spanish liberties and to the course of events at MIadrid. We had hoped that the General who had been called by universal acclamation to the direction of affairs at a time of signal danger was slowly, but surely, advancing towards sucoessthat he was re-establishig order-that he was re-
The debate on the Cambridge University Bill the other night presented just an instance how immediately, when a new improvement has been discovered in social or political or intellectual life, people exaggerate the imnportance of it, and ride their hobby to death. There has been a great deal said, and very properly, Lately about enlarging our systems of education, introducing new subjects, bringing in the living languages as well as the dead ones--modern history as well as ancient-physical science as well as logic. All this was very right, and it was wanted. General information is a good thing. It is very convenient and useful to know modern languages. M1odern history is at least as valuable to us as ancient. If you can add some physical science, so much the better. A wide field of knowledge is an iundoubted advantage. But let men take care. WVhat hegan with being a sensible and practical want very soon grows by exaggeration and by supersedin- other considerations which ought to be attended to into a morbid and sickly cry. They begin to lay the whole stress upon this new improvement, as if it was to do everything for them. It grows into one of those general topics of which the importance is taken for granted without much qualification. Moreover, as soon as ever a thing becomes a cry, hosts of people begin to talk about it who are absolutely ignorant of the whole bearings of the question, and know nothing but what is put into their mouths; and this is very apt to be exactly that stage of the subject to which Parliament is treated. By the time that most men who are practically acquainted with the department of education in this country have come to the conclusion that there is a great deal of humbug in a new cry the echo of it has just reached the ear of a sapient MI.P., who forthwith retails this stale verbiage as if it were fresh baked that morning, and enlightens the House with views of education, in which he takles for gospel a quantity of assertion which has been largely qualified in proper quarters and among practical men. 3Ir. BoTU-ERIE mourns sincerely over our young officers, because they do not know French verbs accurately, their " blundering fluency" betraying a hasty and loose rather than a proper scholastic knowledge of that important language. He is alarmed for our position as a nation, and afraid that we shall not keep at the head of things much longer, if our education goes on so. He is for " raising the standard." Boys at Eton and youths at the University must all rise to Mr. Bo-n-LR&s'S "standard." The screw must.be applied, and all the youth of the United Khingdom are to be kept tight to their worlk till they are able to pass a splendid examiination in French grammar, modern history, European as well as English, besides showing a proper acquaintance with law, common, statute, and international, and a decent smattering of physical science and general literature,-all this in addition to our old Latin and Greek, logic and mathematics, which, of course, are not to be given Up. Now, what is the effect of "raising "the standard" in this way upon the subjects of the process? We will answer at once for ninetenths of them. Let Mr. BOuVERIE try the experiment upon the first hundred boys at Eton, Winchester, or Harrow. He will find a power of resistance on which he does not calculate. The great majority of these youths will not want effective means of self-defence in the emergency. They vill not " rise " at all, not the least, however urgently requested to do so. They will stay very much where they are, preferring on the whole their own " standard " to Mr. BouvERI's. Ninetenths of them, then, will takle excellent care that they receive neither good nor harm from the attempt. But the other tenth will be affected by the attempt, and too probably affected injuriously. They will respond to it, and the result wiU be in many cases an overtasking of their mental strength. The tendency will be to overwork the willing and ardent minds, carrying them too quickly from one subject to another, and subjecting them to a dangerous and unwholesome quantity of stimulus. But we Will not be hard upon Mr. BouyErtRE, who only echoes the talk of the day, and reflects the general call for intellectual shows and examinations. The new examination test introduced into our civil departments may be better than no test at all and the mere jobbing of appointments; but are we sure that we are not expecting too much from this test? And is not the tendency of this, whole movement, unless very cautiously guarded against, to force a vast proportion of the national mind into precocious and artificial growith, filling it with premature information -while it is too yoLung to use it and draw the proper aliment from it ? What pledge or security have we that a number of youths, who have been prepared by powerful stimulants for these ordeals, and dragged over a large field of knowledge by tutors ambitious of exhibiting the prize specimens of their horticulture, will be the most suitable occupants of civil posts requiring judgament, energy, and lnowledge of the world? What does a "capital examination" show, but knowledge of hooks, the ardour and application of the student, the emulation of the schoolboy anxious to shine at the ensuing exhibition, without an idea that knowledge was made for anything else except to enable him to pass " good examinations?" VWhere is the pledge here for any of the qualities which make the uiseful administrator, the able eivilian? -for the practical strong sense, readiness, self-possession, judgment, temper, quickness of apprehension, energy, tact, which must form the successful public servant ? Undoubtedly many of our great public mnen have also passed " good examinations ;" nor do we forget the academical lustre of CANiG, Sir ROBERT PEEI,, Mr. GLX.nsTON, and others. On the other hand, neither Sir Jmrzs GBA}AI nor Lord DAHousir gained that early distinction, though they had the opportunity, and Mfr. WAI,OPLE, though evidently anxious the other evening to compliment Cambridge upon her maternal relation to Lord PARInSTON, could not go so far, but was obliged to stop short with a very moderate and qualified notice of the academical connexion. It is not, then, so much firstclass men who have gained public honours as great public men who have got first classes. The general conclusion is that it is not the nature of the English mind always to come out early in the student and reading line, and that it is reserved for active life often to bring out the strong natural qualities which lay latent in the youth while he was at school or college. And in this state of the case it becomes questionable how far the early application of powerful stimulants to give the mind a precocious activity and fill it with crude omnigenous information is exactly advantageous, and may not tend to exhaust and weaken rather than strengthen the faculties. Our old system may have been too indulgent and laissez faire, but our new one may be too busy and meddlesome. Do not artificially force your youth at school or college, and many a man who shows but little at examinations will repay your forbearance with a subsequent useful and active life.
TUB MIVUSET. OF OMNAMENTAL ART AT 3AauTBOROUGsr-ROUSE.-The numbers attending, &c., during the month of May wereasfoUows :-15,650 persons on the public days, and admitted free; 605 persons on the students'days, and admitted as students on the payment of 6d. each, beeides the registered students of the classes and schools. IRE MAns.-SOuTAMPTOow, June 2.-The Royal Mlail steamship Magdalena, Captain Abbott, sailed this afternoon with the West India, Mexican, and Pacific mails, 72 passengers, 6,000!. specie, 7,000!. value in jewelry, and the usual cargo. The Solent, Captain Jellicoe, with the homeward mails from the West Indies, Mexico. and the Pacific, is now due, and is hourly expected. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Madrid, Captain Brad- I shaw, is expected to-night with the mails from Gibraltar, Cadiz, Lisbon, Oporto, and Vigo. The Indus, Captain Brookes, will sailfor Alexandria 'with the India, China, and Mediterranean mails, on Wednesday next. The Ava, Cap. tain Field, with the homeward portion of the mails from India, China, and the Mediterranean, is Xpected towards the latter end of the week. The Tagus is'o leave on Saturday next with the outward Peninsufar mails. The United States' mail steamer ATago, Captain LAnes, will sail from Havre and Southampton for Nw York on Wednesday next with the French and English mais, passengers, and cargo. TH, HARIT OF SPIRIT DRi-=G li A_ni IoAOne of the first and most unpleasant impressions which the foreigner must receive on coming to this country is the apparently chronic thirst of the inhabitants. To drink appears to him to be the chief end in life of the American. Every undertaking, no matter how grave, must be baptized in a cocktail or a sling. Every sentence a man utters must be moistened with a julep or a cobbler. All the affairs of life are begun and ended with drinks. Is a project of any kind to be started, the first word is " Let us go to the Astor and talk it over." So the capitalists leave their quiet offices, where one would suppose business would be more easily transacted, and betake themselves to a reeking bar, where they stupefy themselves with liquors fearfully and wonderfully made. The old formnula of salutations, such as "How d'ye do 1" &c., seem to the European to be entirely banished from the American vocabulary. 'When men meet, the greeting of " What will you take?" supplies the place of all other phrasesof courtesy. It is the same with all; a continual and never-ending " drink all round." Merchants, students, authors, editors, stevedores, loafers, men of " elegant leisure," actors, artists, all tend towards the bar-room, as inevitably as matter tends towards the centre of the earth. Brandy, like death, extinguishesevery error and veils every resentment. Is it to be wondered at that the European at the first glance should look upon us as a most bibulous people ? In no other civilized nation does the bar-room play so conspicuous a part. The English, it is true, frequent taverns and swill enormons quantities of beer and gin. But this only occurs in the evening, and during the daytime it is only the most degraded of the population that one finds haunting tbe fatal gin-palace. The Londoners of the better class-even the young menrarely drink by daylight. The merchant probably drinks hiis half-pint of sherry -with his beefsteak in the city, but as for entering a taproom for the sake of drinking, without any particular object, he never dreams of such athing. The feneral temperance of the Continental nations is so well own that anycomment on it would be superfluous. One may see a Frenchman gay and eo.ilarated, but you rarely see him drunk. It is only the thieves and scoundrels who frequent the tapisfranc that drink brandy in any quantity The rest of the population tako that liquor in thimble-like glassses, that to an American or English eye seem preposterously minute. Now, it is not at all an uncommon thing to hear a young man in this country, when he is summing up his expenses, say, " By Jove, how money does go! WVhy, although I don't drink verynmuch, I find that my weekly expenses for drinks and cigars amount to something more than the sum I pay for my board." I[e is surprised, but he does not recollect that his life is nothing but an intermittent drink. A well-known proprietor opened an uptown hotel and bar-room the other day. On the opening I he took in over $400 at the b=r alone, and his gross receipts on the entire establishment for the first week were $10,000 Say that out of the ;400 received at the bar 50u were spent in cigars, that leaves a - sum equal to 2,600 drinks. So that on the day in question. the drinkcing done at that single bar amounts to w;hat would supply the populatiooa of a small town with a drink to every inhabitant. If we had it in our power to deduce from reliable statistics the amount of money spent in barrooms in this city in the course of the year it would, we are confident, amount to a sum that would astound our readers. This indiscriminate drinkin must eventually make its mark upon our city population. Ye can see it already betraying itself in the rising generation. It is impossible for any man to drink even pure liquors six or seven times a. day without suffering fearfully in constitution. And when he transnits this impaired constitution to his son, who in turn impairs it still further by the same courses, it requires little foresight to see that we are preparing a population for our cities that wiU not in physical frame be much better than those wretched children called Aztecs who were exhibited here some years ago. This love of drink and barrooms is overy day increasing.-NeY York Zimmm.
WELLINGTON COLLEGE. (FpRoM oun. Oww -EI'ORTFR.) The first stone of Wellington College ws laid yesterday by the Queen, in presence of a brilliant and numerous assemblage, who evinced a lively interest in the ceremony. A brief description of the locality maynot be unacceptable, for, though in the neighbourhood of the metropolis, it is not one of the haunts with which Londoners are familiar. It may be approached by many railways, but the most direct route is by the South-Western line, through the richly wooded plain of the Thames, by way of Kingston, Esher, Oatlands,andWoking. Atthelast-namedcplacethecharacter of the sceneryundergoesastrikingchange. Verdurevanishes and to the square fields, greensward paths, trim hedges, and masive groups of trees so characteristic of the English landscape succeeds a vast tract of sandy heath, wild and desolate, the very soul of sterility. The only objects that arrest the eye are a few stunted bushes, and here and there some ragged clumps of brushwood, which reveal through their " looped and tattered wretchedness" glimpses of a bleak and barren landscape, varied in its appearance only by the shadows of the clouds that pass across it. The undulations in these wastes become gradually more decided till rising abruptly from the plain in a bold and well-marked range of hills, nearly 400 feet high, they seem in the distance to bar all further progress. Northward stretch the Romping Downs,-no other name could so well describe them,-Batshot-heath, and the Chobham Ridges, through which the line pursues its course to the vilage of Farnborough in the valley of the Blackwater. Six miles to the north-wes' of the former place, and lower down in the valley, lies the village of Sandhurst; and it is on a gentle eminence midway betweea that town and the Military College that Wellington College is to be erected. The site was chosen by Prince Albert, and does credit to his judgment. It is at once elevated and sheltered. The thick groves of fir that crown the crests of the adjoining hills protect it from the eastern blast, while the salubrity of the place is materi. ally enhanced by a bright and rapid stream which rises a few miles above Aldesshott, and, after a short course tothe north. east, falls into the Loddon, one of the most important tributaries of the Thames. The college will command a noble prospect. The grounds, 125 acres in extent, touch the western lip of the London basin, and the country before, beneath, and around lies outstretched like a map. Eere, east and west, crossed the line of the old Roman road from Sichester to London; far to the north rise the Chiltern hills; to the south the long chain through Surrey and Kent; and clear in the east glitters the Crystal Palace, with London, St. Paul's, Highgate, Hampstead, and Harrow in the distance. Richmond and Hampton-court complete the prospect, and the glancing of the sunlight on the Thames gives warmth and brilliancy to the whole picture. The soil in the vicinity of the college is a sandy gravel, admirably adapted for the purpose it is to be applied to; while the extent of the estate will afford many points for effective treatment, not the least important of which will be the formation of a handsome sheet of water designed to cover a surface of 20 acres, allotted by the Prince Consort for that especial object. The weather, it is needless to say, had been severe even beyond the proverbial severity of our English summer for several days previously, and not a little uneasiness was felt lest it should prove equally unpropitious yesterday. Visions of bleak winds, a dark sky, wet grass, and groups of visitors cowering " beneath the shade of melancholybough2" presented themselves to timid imaginations, and kept many at home who would otherwise have been glad to take part in so interesting a ceremony. Fortunately, all these mis. givings were falsified by the event. The day was glorious; the sun shone forth effulgently, while a gentle breeze from the south-west gave freshness and softness to the atmosphere. Everything wore a vivid, glowing, and cheerful look, and the scene in the immediate vicinity of the college was particularly brilliant and animated. A vast concourse of people had gathered on the grounds; equipages of all description were drawn up in lines, and tents brightly relieved the dusk-y surface of the heath. A quadrangular enclosare, covered with a white awning, and profusely decorated with flgs, banners, and festoons of laurel branches, encompassed the area of the building, at the sonth end of which a Turkish pavilion was erected for the use of the Queen. The seats for the visitors were) ranged in tiers one above the other, as in an amphi. theatre. A detachment of the Grenadier Guards lined the inner circle of the enclosure, and enhanced, by their dazzling uniforms, the effect of a scene which, when the company were all assembled, presented what painters call an "interior" of remarkable beauty and splendour. In the centre was erected a daSs, and near it a canopy, grace. fully draped, indicated the position of the mighty block of Scotch granite which the spectators were bound by a poetic effort of imagination to recognize as the veritable founda. tion-stone of the college. At half-past 1 o'clock a flourish of trumpets and a booming of many guns announced the arrival of Her Majesty, and in a few minutes afterwardsthe Royal party issued from the pavilion and entered the enclosure. A procession was then formed in the following order :- The Architect. The Builder. The Honorary Solicitor. The Secretary. The High Sheriff of the Lord Abingdon, Lord-Lieu- County. tenant of the County. The (overnors. The Chaplain to the Archbishop of Cantesbuny. The Archbishop of Canterbury. The Bishop of Oxford. The LordSteward of Her The Lord Chamberlain, Maiesty'6 Household. The QUEEN. H EH. the PrImCE CONTSORT. Mfembers of the Royal Family. The Great Officers of State and other Attendants on Her 3Majesty anfithe Prince Consort. The Queen and Prince Consort were accompanied by the Prince of Wales, Prince Alfred, tho Princess Royal, the Princesses Alice, relena, and Louisa, and also by the Prince Arthur, his Royal Highness's first appearance in public, the Prince being the godson of the late Duke of Wellington. The young Prince and his two elder brothers wore the Highland dress. Prince Albert appeared in the uniform of a Field-Marshal, and worethe riband and badges of the Garter, the ensigns of the Golden Fleece, and the stars of Prussian (black eagle) and Baden orders of knight. hood. The Regent of Baden wore the uniform of a General, dark blue and gold, with the grand cordon of Baden and the stars of the orders of Baden and Coburg. Prince Frederick William of Prussia appeared in a Colonel's uniform, dark blue with silver appointments, and wore the insignia of the Black Eagle and of a Saxon order of lnighthood. The Royal suite consisted of the Duchess of Sutherland, the Duchess of Atholl, Lady Caroline Barrington, the Hon. Lucy Kerr, tho Hon. Mary Bulteel, Earl Somers, Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Sir F. Stovin, Major-General Bouverie, CaptainI theHon. D. de Ros, Lieutenant-General Baron de Gemmingen, Captain Eeinz, Leutenant de Schreckenstein, Dr. U11. man, Dr. Wegner, the Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor, the Hon. Mortimer Saokville West, Mr. Gibbs, and Lieutenant CowelL On the Queen's arrival at the spot whore tho stone was to be laid the Govemors arranged themselves in the form of a semicircle. The Barl of Derby, Vice-President of the Col. lege, then read to Her Majesty an address expressed in the following language:- " Bay it please your Majesty,-We, your MajesWs most dutiful subjects, the Vice-President and Governors of the Wellington College, approach your Majesty with the ass=rance of our devoted loyalty and affectionate attachment to your Majesty's throne and person, and with the expression of our heartfelt gratitude, on our own part, and on that of all interested in this institution, for the ufailing support and encouragement with which your Majesty has deigned to honour it, from the very first idea of its establihment. " When, upon the death of the late illustrious Duke of Wellin&ton, the country was anxious to testify its deep veneration for his memory, and only doubtful how best to give effect to the general feeling, your MOajesty ws graciously pleased at once to adopt (i, indeed, it may not be truly said that the idea originated in your Mlajestys owFn mind) the suggestion of combining with a building, of wYhich the architectural character should be wYorthy of the occasion, an institution which should perpetuate the name of the great deceased in conjunction wth a permanent endowmont in favour of the service to which he owed his fame, and on which he has conferred imperishabIe lustre. " Surrounded by aU the blessings of domestic life, which your Majesty well Ikows how to prize far above the splendours of a throne, your Majesty's maternal heart could s'mathize with those less fortunate mothers whose lot it mlght be to look with anxiety upon a rising family, orphaned in their country's service, and doomed to struggle with all tho evils of severe, and, above all, uneducated poverty. An institution which should mitigate these evils, should soothe these anxieties, should shelter, protect, and educate these orphans was the monument which your Mlajesty invited the country to raise to the lasing memory of the Great Dulce. "Your Mtajesty most munificentlyheaded the subscrip. ion for this object, and the public have liberaly responded "On every occasion on which the powers of the Crown could be brought to bear upon the end in view, as in granting and facilitating the pasing of the Charter of Incorpora. tion, we have gratefuly to acknowledge youi Maesty'sl continued and unvarying support. Our deliberations have been constantly aided and gided by the presence and I advice of your Majesty's illustrious consort, the Prosident of the Collego; and, in approaching the accomplishment of our design, we have to tender to your Majesty the expression of our humble gratitude for the sanction and encouragement given to our undertaking byr your Rajesty's presence and participation in a ceremony originally intended to have marked the day which gave to the world the great Captain of the age, and supplied, in an addition to your Majesty's domestic happiness, a touching incident for the pencil of one of our greatest artists. " It is believed that the building about to be erected on the site on which we stand will be visible from the domain which a nation%s gratitude bestowed in perpetuity on the illustrious Duke; and his descendats w have before their eyes at once a memorial Qf the greatresa of the ditin- guished ancestor, and of their countrys recognition of his unequalled services. " It is our anxious hope that within these walls, at no distantperiod,200orphans oi officersof yorMajestys andof the East India Comspanv's service may be lodged, boarded, par tially clothed, and provided, between the ages of 11 and6, with the elements at least of such a religious, moral, and intellectual education as may fit them for their fature career in life, whatever that career may be, and, if not gratuitously, at least at a scale of expense far below what any other institution could afford them. The admissions will be regulated by strict attention to the claims of the deceased officer; and the circumstances of the survivin' parent, without requiring any further disclosure of such circumstances than may serve to show that the total provision for the family, if equally divided, would not exceed a given amount. - " Notwithstanding the maunificent contributions of your Majesty and the public, we are not yet in a condition to carry out our plan to its full extent; but, looking to the circumstances of the timo, to the many claims which may be urged upon us consequent onthat w'hich we may ha pily term the late war, we have deemed it desirable not to aelay the erection of our intended building, and to rest satisfied with the partial application of our plan, both in respect of numbers and terms of admission, until the proved efficacy of our system may induce such increased support as may enable us to augment the former, and render the latters et more liberal. "With these views we are assured that your Majesty Will join us in comnmending our infant institution to the protection of that God ' who is the father of the fatherless, and defendeth the cause of the widow, ' and to that Almighty Protector we offer our fervent prayersl that your Majesty may long be spared to witness the increasing prosperity of this institution, which, we trust, will for ages associate the memory of your Majestv's happy reign with the glory and patriotism of Wellington, and show with what judicious liberality enduring honour was paid to the greatest man of his age by the gratitude of his Sovereign and his country." To this address the Queen returned the following gracious reply, whicli HerMajesty received from the hands of Sir George Grey:- "1 Ihave received with sincere gratification the address which you have this day presented to me. " It affords me the greatest satisfaction to avail myself of this occasion to testify anewr my warm and heartfelt participation in the general feelng of affection and veneration for the memory of the illustrious man whose name will be associated with the institution which we are met to inaugurate. " That satisfaction is enhanced by the character of the monument which you propose to raise to the lasting memory of the Duke of Wellington, and also by the circumstances of the time selected for its erection. " There could not be a more worthy record of a country's I gratitude to its greatest soldier than a permanent endowment for the protection and education of the orphans of brave men whose lives have been laid down in the service of vrhich he was the chief ornament and pride. Nor could there be a more appropriate time for raising such a monument to his memory. "While gratefully admiring the gallantry and devotion which have been so conspicuously displayed by my army in the late war, I have deeply sympathed with the domestic sorrows and privations (the inevitable result of war) which have made so many moarners. " I feel that we cannot better celebrate the re-establishmnent of peace than by laying the foundation of an institution, which, while it Will tend to soothe those sorrows and to mitigate the severity of those privations, will hold up to the imitation of all those who share its benefits the example of a disinterested patriotism, of an unceasing devotion to his country's service, of an honesty of purpose, and of a determination in the performance of his duty by which the long and brilliant career of the Duke of Wellington was so eminently distinguished. "I can express no better wish for my own son, who bears the name of that great man, than that he should take as his guide through life the example of one with whom it wil ever be his high distinction to have been connected. "I heartily join with you in commending this infant in. stitution to the Divine blessing, and in praying that, with its inereasing prosrity, the benevolent intentions of its founders may be flv realized." Her Majesty read this composition with a pathetic ermphasis the power of which was visible in all present. The Duchess of Wellington, in particular, was sensibly affected. A brief prayer suitable to the occasionhaving been offered up by the Archbishop of Canterbury,a glass tube containing specimens of the current coins of the realm was deposited by the Qaeen in an aperture of the stone, and with them a piece of vellum, on which the following inscription was engrossed:-" The first stone of Welington Coulege, founded in honour of the memory of the Great Duke and for the education of the orphan sons of officers of the Royal army and of the army of the Honourable East India Company, was laid by Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, June 2d, 1856." The massive block was then lowered gradually into its place, and, having performed the usual masonic operations, by means of a silver-gilt trowel, a mallet of ebony and ivory, and a plumb and square of ebony and silver, the Qaeen declared the foundation-stone to be "w well and dulylaid." The Earl of Derby gave the signal forthree rounds of cheers, the people responded enthusiastically, and so the ceremony ended. The institution thus auspiciously founded vill be 'erected bythe Me=srs.Hollands,of Duke-street, Bloomsbaury, from a design funished by Mr. J. Shaw, of Christ's Hospital. The College, as planned, will consist of two quadrangles, each surrounded by arcades, so as to afford perfect communication under cover. The northern or entrance front will contain, right and left of the entranco gateway, the apart. ments of the head master, the office, the board-room, and the apartments of the house steward. The first, or school quadrangle, will have o its north side the buildings specified above; on the south side the great schoolroom; on the cast side two class-rooms, or stadies, with the boys' library; on the west side two other class-rooms, with a boys' day-room. The second quadrangle will have the great schoolroom ort the north, the dining-hall on the south; on thec east the servants'-hall, kdtchen, scullery, larder, and stores; and on tho west the andermaster's common-room and library, With other apart. ments. Tho mezzanine in this quadrangle is designed to contain on the east side of the house matron'c apartments and stores, also the sleeping-rooms for the women servants, while on the west side will be the bedrooms of the undermasters and those of the men servants. The two upper floors of the east and west buildings will comprise dormitories for the pupils, who, to the number of 246, are to be provided with separate berths, each 10 feet by 7, and so constracted that there shall be ample space for washing and writing. The buildings are to be erected of brick, those for the facings being picked of a uniform dark red colour; the dressings of the windows and quoins are to be alternately bright red brick and box stone; the other ornamental portions, such as strings, &c., are to be of the same stone. The design also contemplates the erection of an infirmary and a chapol in advance of the mnain south front, but connected with it by arcades. The ceremony concluded, the Royal party returned in procession to the Pavilion, where the following Governors of the college had the honour of taking luncheon with Her Majesty:-His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Duke of Wellington, the Earl of Derby, the Earl of 13lesmere, Viscount Hardinge, the Right Hon. Spencer Walpole. Sir Edmund Antrobus, Sir James W. Hogg, and M&r. Henry Richard Cox. The Earl of Abingdon, Lord Lieutenant of the county; Sir Georgo Grey, Secretaryof State for the Rome Department; the Bishop of Oxford, Lord and Lady Charles Wellesley, the Adjutant-General, and the Quartermaster-General had also the honour of joining the Royal circle at luncheon. After luncheon the Queen passed again through the enclosure to the Royal tent at the north front of the terrace, and there, surrounded by a brilliant company of courtiers, reviewed the troops. On the heather-clad plain that stretches beneath the terrace was marshalled a force of about 10,000 men, comprising two battalions of the Grena dier Guards, the80th Regiment, one battalion of the 91st Regiment, the 3d battalion of the Rifle Brigade, the Antrim Rifles, the 5th Royal GermanJalgers, and the following regiments of Militia:-Sussex, 2d Surrey, Somerset, 5th Royal Elthorne, Loicester, Hereford, Worcester, Kerry, together with two squadrons of the 3d Light Dragoons and two field batteries of Artillery. The whole division was under the command of the Duke of Cambridge, who con. ducted the movements with a skll worthy of his professional reputation. Invertking the ancient order of proceed ing at a review, the troops began with a movement that is usually reserved for the close-that of marching past the saluting point. The regiments brought their right shoulders forward by companies, and the whole force defiled past Her Majerty in quick time and in open columns of companies, their bands playing as they saluted. To this graceful ceremony succeeded a brief series of manceuvres, in which the soldierly bearing of the men, the steadiness, precision, and rapidity of their movements, the admirable regularity of their firing, and the splendour of their equipments awakened the admiration of all spetator No clouds of dust obscured the evolutions of the flittering masses, and when the rosy evenin light streamed through the clouds upon the gay and many-coloured landscape the scene was beyond descripiion beautiful. Yet it Was not without a certain touch of sadness that we gazed upon that gallant little army. The thought that aU those regiments wfill be disbanded and scattered 'o the 'winds ina few days evoked emotions not unlike those with which one might view some beautiful fabric of fr-otwork wbich, all brilliant though it be, is doomed to swift and certain destruction. The Qaeen and the Prince, with their illustrious visitors, returned to toown at half-past 4 o'clock. It is right to state that on this important occasion the railway arrangements were unexceptionable. The trains ran vith great speed and regularit;y. We 7were grieved to hear of some sad fatalities during the reviow. Three Riflemen fainted after having passed before the Queen at the "double," and we were credibly assured that one feU dead upon the field. There was certainly nothing in what was required of them to induce such a resut. lhe whole distance covered at the trot was scarooly more thanl 100 yards, and the pe was by r, o means severe.
COUBT CIRCUZAR. The Queen went yesterday to lay the foundation-stone of the Wellington College. Her Maiesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert Ileft Buckingham Palace at a-ouarter before 12o'clockl, with his oyalH=ighness the Re'ent of Baden and his Royal Highness PrincFrederick Wi, m of The Qaeen and the Prince Consort were accompanied by the Prince of Wales, Prince Alfred, the Princess ltoyal, the rincesses Alice, Helena, and Louisa, and also by Prince Arthur, his Royal Highness's sirst appearance in ublic, the Prince beingthe godson of the la.te Duk-e of Wellington. Tho young Prince and his two e'.derbrothers wfore the HRigh. land dress. Prince Albert appeared in the uniform of a field-marshal, and wore the riband and badge of the Garter, the ensigns of the Golden Fleece, and the stars of the Prussian (Black Eagle) and Baden orders of knighthood. The Regent of Baden wore the nniforma of a general, dark blue and gold, with the grand cordon of Baden and the stars of the oroers of Baden and Coburg. Prince Frederick Wslliam of Prussia appeared in a colonel's uniform, dark blue with silver appointments, and wore the insignia of the Black Eagle and of a Saxon order of knighthood. The Royal suite consisted of the Dachess of Sutherland, the Duchess of AthoIl, Lady Caroline Barrington, the Hon. Lucy Kerr, the Hon. Mary Bulteel, Earl Somers, Colonel the Hlon. C. B. Pisips, Sir P. Stovini Major-General Bouverie, Captain the on. D. De Ros, Lieutenant-General Baron Schreckenstein, Baron de Moltke, Colonel Baron Seutter, Baron de Genmningen, Captain Heinz, Lieutenant de Schreckenstein, Dr. Vlmnan, Dr. Wegner, the Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor, the Hon. Mortimer Sackvie West, Mr. Gibbs, and Lieutenant Cowell. The Rtoyal party occupiedl nine carriages, and was escorteed by a detachmaent of theI3d Light Dragoons to the private station of the South-Western7Railway, at Vauxhall, where the Queen was met by the Lord Steward, the Lord Chamberlain, the Master of the Horse, Lord G. Lennox, and Major-General Wylde, wvio attended Her Majesty to the ceremuony. The Duchess of Wellington also accompanied the Queen in the special railwray train wshich conveyed Her Mawjesty from London. Afterthe ceremonyvof laying the stone was concluded, the Queen entertained at luncheon in the Royal pavilion the distinguished party accompanying Her Majesty from London, together with the following Governors of the Wellington College, viz. :-His Rloyal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Duke of Wellington, Earl of Derby, Earl of Ellesmere, Viscount Hardinge, the Right Hon. Spencer Walpole, Sir Edmund Antrobus, Sir James W. Hogg, and Mr. Henry Richard Cox. The Earl of Abingdon, ord-Lieutenant of the county; Sir George Grey, Secretary of State for the Home Denartment; the Bishop of Oxford, Lord and Lady Charles Vel. lesle, the Adjutant-General, and the Quartermaster-Genera had also the honour of joining the Rtoyal circle at luncheon. After luncheon the Queen reviewed the troops whichwere assembled for the occasion, under the command of hisRoyal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. 'he Queen and the Prince, with their illustrious visitors, returned to Buckingham Palace at a-qusrter past 6 o'clock. Her Majesty gave a dinner party m the evening. The company included their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Kent, tho Princess Roval, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Princess Mary, the Regent of Baden, Prince Frederick William of Prussia, and the Duke of Cambridge; the Duchess of Sutherland, his Highness Aali Pasha, the Tarkish Ambassador and Madame Musurus, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Marquis of Abercorn, Viscount and Viscountess Hardinge, Lady Anna Ilaria Dawson, Lady Geraldine Somerset, BaronessdeSpaeth, Admiral SirlEdmundLyons, LieutenantGeneral Baron Schreckenstein, Baron de Mroltke, Colonel Baron Seutter, Baron de Gemmingen, Captain Heinz, Lieutenant de Schreckenstein, Dr. Ulllman, Dr.Wegner, the Hon. Mortimer Sackville West, Major Home Purves, and Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon. JamesMacdonald. Theband of the Coldstream Guards was in attendance during the dinner, and played a Grand Mlarch, composed by her Royal Higmess the Duche3s of Kent. Overture (Der Tsicshutz) .Weber. Waltz (Jubilee) .... , Tinney b'amtasia (Eobert leDiable) . . . rMeyerbeer. Pas FedouI6 ..g .. .. .. .. .. D. Godfrey. Prusianllational Hymn. In the evening Her Majestys private band performed the following compositions Overture .tre" .uber Chorus" -easons. Haydn. 3[arch,4 aradiseLost" .J. L. fliertLn. Aria Die lustigen Weiber Yon WindsoP . Otto NicbolaL Sonata alla Turca ..rozart. Count Alexander Mensdorff has leftBucldngham Palace for Brussels. Captain the Hon. Dudley de Ros has-relieved Captain Du Plat in the duties of Equerryin Waiting to Prince Albert. Prince Lcewonsteiu left London Last evening for the continent. The Education Committee of the Privy Council had a meeting yesterday at the Council-office. Present-the Lord President, the Marquis of Lansdowne, and the Earl of Harrowby.
LYCEUM THEATRER. AlMAq'VThTF PA%'PA?.iTh!V. The gentlemen who last year astonished all the world by ahowing that they could act a pantomime without belonging to the motley profession, and even secured a Royal "bespeak" for a second performance, are not yet satisfied with the laurels they so honourably won. Last night they united their efforts for theperformance of a 7newD pantomime. entitled MianzTdi, and, every seat of thelyceum Theatre was occupied. Like most modern productions of the sort, thispantomime has not only an " opening," but an introductory prologue, of which Idessrs. Tom Taylor and Albert Smith are the authors, and in -which the folo-wing personagesappear Timeo .3r. 0. A. Colo. Year One. Mter smmdy. Julius C(iaar. . . . Morgan J. O'ConnelL Baron. r. Alderson. Hem7 VIII. Mr. G. Mackenrie. rancIsL . .Mr. W. R. Mark-welL Cromwell . Mr. J. Langford. Charles L .r. Strong. Poisiardo ..r. l. Hoarth. Blouse .ir. Hr. Behards. Hapoleon . .. hr Croker. Red Republican .. .. .. Mr. F. Tafourd. War .. .. .. .. .. Mr. J. O'Dowd. Peace B.UMss H. Oliver. We may, by way of digression, tale occasion to remark on the increase of moral courage manifested in the above list, which is official. Last year, when the genial mimes began to try their amateur wings, they were fain, with facetious modesty, to invent ludicrous substitutes for their real names. Now, secure in their fame, they put their proper appellations undisguisedly before the world. The business of the prologue is after this fashion :-Time, who, in defiance of Princess's precedent, bears his sithe and hourglass, consults a number of huge books, with a view to obtain a knowledge of past ages, when the several characters intheabove list startforth, one fromeach volume, as the symbol of some marked period. Peace and War, who remain on the stageafter the rest have retired, agree to concoct a pantomime, and, a veil of clouds being drawn aside, a Swiss landscape, the scene of the " opening," is discovered. The following is the list of the personages who are now brought before the adniring public:- GeOler (Goyernor of the Waldestettin) . . hr. T. E. Holmes. Itudolph (Gealers hoad man) .. .. Mr. C. Wray. loerst (Rudolph's deputy) ... Luard. Wiliam Tell (a patriotic party) A.. .. lr. bert Smiith Albert(hissn) .mr. AL W. Halitt. hMelchtlal &Mr. E. H. Yates. Wemer, ' (sonsof freedom) 4; . G. .L Tall Furst, i*Mr. Parkdnson. rippin (an apple) ..r. A. Arredeckne. Peasant,, Grads, S;c selvetia (the Sphrit of Switzerland) .. Miss M. Oliver. LLsette[ the Flower of Altorf).. .. hissm toin Wrigbht. reacnte, se. As in the opening to Guy FawUes, so are Messrs. Holmes and Albert Smith also the life and soul of the bileesqued story of William Tell. The former endows the tyrannical governor with all that grotesque angulaity and dandified pomp that belonged to Mr. Payne's best impersonations, and sings his parodies like one who could sing n good earnest if he would. hr. Albert Smith's Tell is altogether after a conception of his own,an easy, rattling, good-humoured fellow, who gabbles over a number of the " Alpine Herald," wnitten much in the stvle of the world-famous mountameer. The incidents of the hat and the apple are aU forced within the limit of one scene, and, as a great '- hit" was made by the combat be. tween Messrs.- Holnies and Smith in the earlier pantomime, the same expedient foz mirth is repeated amid roars of laughter, with the additional peculiarity that each combatant has two swords. Gesler, too, is enamouzed of the "Flower of- Altorf," and the pursuit of the libertine and the coyness of the lady give occasion to a very amusing version of the Trscn&dsse, in which Mx. Holmea and isXs RwosinXa Wright earn an unanimous crXore. The authors of the opening are .Messrs. Albert Smith, F. Talfourd, and W. P. Hale. When the transformation of the characters has been effectedby the good genius Helvetia, of course the business of the harlequinade begins, and M1r. Joseph Robins, as Clown, and Ir. ArTthur Smith, as Pantaloon, show that they still retain all that facility for tumbling, knocking, and being ;nocked about, that they exhibited last year. MIr. BidveMl is no longer the Harlequin, but his place is most efficiently supplied by Mr. Lincoln Lane, who is so accomplished in the art of jumping through a scene that he actually performs several jumps of supererogation. As for Miss Reosina Wright, whose performance of the part of Columbine is a professional condescension, she is perhaps the most graceful and etherial being that ever was seen in the character. Without following the scenes of the harlequinade, we may remark that one of them, representing a country fair, brings together a great quantity of varied talents Mr. Albert Smith appearing as a thimsnlerigger, Mlessrs. Holmes, HaDett, and Yates as three burlesque acrobats, and Messrs. Bischoff and Mosely as a couple of - dancing dogs. But the most comical and original scene iof all represents the interior of an academy, at which the Cown, as chief ppil, executes an imitation of a Spanish dance, in which he is accompanied by his schoolfelows, who play on 'slates and pencils, ts'ie tambourines. The whole merriment is broiuslit fo~ anx biegorical costelusion by the appearance of Shakseare and the Spirit of Pantomime. At the suggestion of Her MajeswT the proceeds of the performance are to be devoted to the benefit of tbhe Royal Nm al Fem&e School;
HER MAJESTTS THEATRE. Verdi's Toratore was presented Last nightfor the firs timeatthis theatre. MaamDe AibertinimadeherdsZ?' in. the partof Leonora; that of Azucena, the gipsy, was setained by Alboni; Mansico was allotted to Signor BaucardE, and the Cou2nt de Lua, to Signor Beneventano. Those who interest themselves about the progress of operatic music in the principal cities of Itly areawae that Aadame AIbertini (an Englishwoman by birth) has for some years maintained a very high rank as prima donnc, a,sufta in the "land of song." She was the favourite pupil of the celebrated MHadime Ucgher, and enjoyed the protection of Rossinihimself,whoeenterWinedagre3topinion of her talent, and materially assisted her in -her career. The fame of uAdame Albertini, however, we have reason to believe, has been chiefly acquired in Verdi's operas; and whatever deterioration is now perceptible in her spleadid natural gifts must be tracedto the pernicious influence which the music of that maes'ro exercises upon all voices that come in contact with it. Though young, Madame Albertini has suffered like the rest. Her voice is still a |neo sop,rano of great power and extensive range- bat the higher notes, which, in their prime, would have entitled it to be denominated a soprano sfogato of the most superb, are worn by incessant and painful exertion in the music that has for a long time taken exclnsive possession of the Italian stage. Madame Ailbertini possesses all the qualifications to make a dramatic singer of the first class. She has enidently studied her art with zealandI thoroughly mastered its secrets. In the first act of R Trovatore, where Leonora has really some vocal passagesto execute and some vocal phrases to sing, this was plainly manifested. The andante of the cavatina d'intrata -" Tacea la notte placidkl"-was admirably delivered -the phrasing large and well-finished, the chest-notes (voiz de poitrinc) full and satisfactory, and the exuression as pure as it was fervid. The cabalaeta, too, was a brilliant display of vocalization. In this bravura, Madame Albertni, among other acquirements, displayed one wh:ch is rare anong singers of the present day-viz., a close and evexn IIr tilo," or shak-, on several notes of the scale-a shaka perfectly at command, graduated with ease from forte to piano, and exqusitely in tune. The enthusiasm created by her performance was quite legitimate, and was ranewed with equal reason when the curtain fell at the end of the first act, after the trio with Manrico and the Count, in which Madame Albertini exhibited a fire and impetuosity which took the audience by storm. As it was past midnight before the opera was over (owing to the long delays between the acts) we shaU not at present enter more minutely into the merits of the new prina dvonna, who, in tbelast three acts, amid much thatwas exaggerated in style. gave indications of so many excellent qualities, both as a. snger and an actress, and above aU of a resolutionto do her very best which neverfor one instant flagged, that shc deserves better than to be summarily judged in a brief notice of her first appearance. Suffice it that her success was established beyond a question after the cavatina. Signor Baucard6, the tenor, is no stranger to the habiWt of Her Majestv's Theatre. The beautiful quality of voice which formerly gained him admirers, remains unimpaired; but his intonation is uncertain. His best effort was the adagio of Manrice's grand air in the third act--"Ah, si ben mio"--which was given with genuine feeling, and loudly redemanded. The noisy calxaeUa too-"Di quella piza'-was declaimed in a very energetic manner, and by thisperformance Signor Baucarderedeemed many faults that might be laid to his charge elsewhiere. In the character of Azucena Madame .&lboni not only delighted but surprised the audience. Besides singing the music to perfection, she evinceda dramnatic powrer for which she has not h7thertoreceived credit. The lonz and elaboratet scena where the Gipsy narrates to MAnrico the sory of her mother's death was delivered with avariety and intensity of expression that touched every hearer. Nothing could be finer than the climax, when, in one emphatic line- " Sul capo nmio le chiome sento drizra rincor 1"- Azucena summed up the extent of her emotions ont recurring to the dreadful catastrophe. This passage is set low in the scale; and the mapnificent contralto tones of Alboni-slowly and solemnly utteredthrled through the audience. The plaintive melody, "Stride la vampa," was warbled with charming simplicity. Not to enter furtber into details, however, the whole performance may be described as a new tri,umph for this accomplished artist, who was recalled upon the stage, amid unbounded applause, after three several scenes. Signor Beneventano vwas more successful as Count de Luna than in any part he has hitherto essayed. He sang the familiar air, "II balen del suo sorriso," extremely well, and added one more to the encorcs that helped to prolong the duration of the orera to so late anhour. The execution of the concerted music in many places left much to desire. The "2,iserere," especially, went ilL The chorus behind the scenes was out of tune; and the death-bell which announces the approaching doom of Maurice was so discordantwith both orchestra and singers that the exclamationof Othello-" Silence that dreadful bell !"-was more than onca forcibly presented to the mind. These anda greatmany other inawcuracies in the general performance, which future care may rectify, were nevertheless not enough to interfere with the success of the opera, which, to judge by the applause and the innumerable recalls, was never or an instan' questionable. Not only was Madame Albertini called at the end of every act, but occasionally in the course of the opera; and on one occasion (after the duet with Signor B3eneventano, in the 4th act) she was compelled to appear three times successively. Let us hope that the favourable verdict of the audience last night may be justifed by subsequent achievements.
THE CRYSTAL PALACE. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Will you allow me through the medinum of your jounal to offer the following suggestions to the directors of the Crystal Palace, as by your publication of them thev are more likely to be attended to than through a private letter 1. That those persons who have supported the undertaking from its commencement, and thereby been pecuniary losers, should, at the least, have the advantage of a reserved seat on special occasions. Tickets for such seats might be issued in proportion to the number of shares individually held-say one for every 50-which would surely be more just than in reserving, as on the recent occasion of Her Majesty's visit, the most eligible spots in the Palace whence the ceremony could be viewed for persons the majority of whom have no interest in the concern beyond the purchase of a season ticket. Surely the directors wouldevince more tact in giving, the first preference to shareholders, rather than to ran], and title. 2. That the universaly condemned charge of ls. for the programme of the operatic concerts be reduced to GdL, which sum would be amply remunerative. Lastly, I do not think any manufactory in the 1dnadonm has such dirty stairs as those by which the railway passengers are compelled to ascend from the station to the building. This nuisance is particularly felt by the welldressed visitors to the concerts and fqes, and it is the more reprehensible as there is plenty of time on those day before the opening of the doors to have the previous week-'s dust and dirt cleared awav. I remnain, Sir, yours obediently, 1L
TEE GoVE-siEs' BEEvoIm-T Lhqsns ox.- The anniversary festival of this institation was celebrated yesterday at the London Tavern under very distinguished pratronage, The Governesses' Benevolent Institution WuJ instituted ander the auspices of the late Dul-e of Cambridgo in the year 1843, and the records before the world demonstrate the immense amount of good rwhich it has unostentatiously effected. It gives temoorary relief and opens a temp,oorary home to young governesses out of a situation ; at offers an asylum to the aged, and, above all, it secures, by a very excellent and judicious arrangement, ,oerra nent annities at the close of ax laborious career. Tho report for the year shows that thero are now on the books of the institution 70 ladies receiving annuities from 18l. to 1001.; that there are 22iruates of the "aged " a- nem,and241 "immedi te provodentoanhr itants," maling the number of persons permanently benefited dieang th. year amout to2333. There are2also 680 "deferred provident annugavnts," while 468 have been assisted in dii§crlty, 198 received into the ";houbse,"and 998 provided with engageients free of charge. Thegrand tot>l number of Ladies benefitde in one way or the other durmng the year amounts to 3,013, the rumbers for the previous five years havins g been 2,460, 2,585, 2,707, 2,801, and 2,850. The amaounto teongoraro relief given last year was 1,155c., in 468 grants, mahntgth tothl samcsoappliednr,42ac. The total nurabere apslications with ochich the ladies hnvc now dealt is 7,755, and innthe last year 955. The Earl of earrowby (who presided at the festival of yesterday) urged the facts contained in the report upon the attention of the meeting in a speech strongly corroborative of the benefits conferred by this institution. The secretary, in prefacing the list of subscriptions, took occasion to announce that the suspension of the annual dinner last year had not been beneficial ho the charity, and that the experiment had not, therefore. boen continued. Other toasts folled inc uding te healtl of the" VNoble Chairman," which s propoe by Ir. F. A. Slaney (formerly MP. for Shrewsbury, and duly reRpondedto. 'The sLbscriptions amounted tonearly 1,7OO0 rbe arrangements of the dinner, under the direction of Mr. F;nge, wero, as usual excellent. Thevoca'ists were Mr., Eobb.s, M. Francis, jir. Young, 3fr. Winn, and 2lss Williams ("The Welsh Nightingale"). rl. Harlker resuiined his post of toastmaster. TauE Finn A£D LOSS OF Lrvns SorEo.-Yesterday 2r. Bedford, coroner for Westninster, held a long ingtizy in the vestrv-hall of St. Ann's, Soho, on the bodie3 of Eizabeth Bowlei, aged 5, *nd George Henry Bowler, aged 33 years, who perished inthe fire that took plae during thhepeace rejoicinzs on Thursday night last,at No.26, St. Anns-eourt, and WaYrdour-street, Soho. The juxyreturneil a verdict that "the deceased wVe burnt to death in the, fire, but how or by what means the said re occrred there, ws not sufficient evidene to prove," at the same tim. mg a high euoumuponthe conditcof Police.constal Bowlet and the fi&st fi wha. attended. - ExTROoRDi-:uAmr AccunmNT.-An exitioraihyy operation, necessitated by a singular acident, has jusA.VIe performed intheBristolEovatluflliary. ATyou riM n named PatrittkHa"garty,rsiding in Newr-ntreet, St. 1hil p's, while romaping ith esome of his countrywomen ana neighbours, r aftkr a buxom girl, whowas engaged insempstres work, anrd gare her a hu in sport. It proved. Loweve. anythisg brut sport to "i, for as he pressed the girl to 1 bosom it tarned out al but a fatal embrace, as a ne,l. vich iwas in the brea of her gown, literally entered, thD, cavity of his chest, and broke off, leaving nearly ireqquarters of an ireh of steel in the miiaea. ]HA pt itstantly felt sick and faint, and ws taken to the ir-A=Wy. where it was determined to make an effort to exztht the needle, so as to prevent infla mation of the heart and death from ensing. Dr. fGreen accordingly out through the outee lesh, and having laid ba.re the surface of the heart di-, covered a small portion of the needle fragnonlt protruduip which he drewv out 'with forceps. The delicate opoatioir was most successful, and laggaty, thoutb not yetj eutitel oult of danger, is progressring favoutrably
FRANCE. (rsxo OUR OW%-. CORF.-,o--DEIT.) PARIS, SUDxAY, JuSEx 1; 6 p.M. The difference between the French and Belgian Governmetts, which has led to a certain degree of estrangement between them, is, I amt told, in a fair -way of settlement; or, rather, is already settled, as far as the Cabinets are concerned. The latter has engaged to bring in a bill to render more stringent the provisions of the lav on the press. The great dif.'iculty was in the Chamber, but the BelBgian Governuent, it appears, makes sure of having a majority to pass the measure. It can do no more; but what will be the consequence if its hopes or a majority are disappointed? The question was an unfortunate one to touch at all. It is hardly possible to allow the order of the day of the Emperor of Austria addressed to the arny of occupation in Moldo-Wallachia to pass -without one or two observations. It is not true that that occupation has furnished the troops with " an opportunity for giving proofs of constancy and self-denial." The Austrian soldiers have not had to endure any privations, and, though the country had suffered from a preceding occupation, the Austrian soldiers and officers were much more exacting than the Russians, and wvere treated with excessive care and furnished with an abundance which pressed heavily on the wretched inhabitants. The Austrian .army did niot encounter " difficttlties or obstacles of all kinds." It did ?lOt enter the provinces till after the departure of the Russians, and there was always a distance of -30 leagues maintained between the tvo arnmies. It never even occupied a strategic position, and it had no sort of difficulty or obstacle to overcome; but, en s-era nche, it threwn many diflicalties and obstacles in the march of the Turks on the Pruth. The Austrian troops did not exhibit their valour much to their advantage as soldiers, and they did not maintai?n i? tile ?lmost satisfactoi y rmannler the vtilitar?y spirit wlhich is characteristic of them. They comnmitted many shocking outrages, and they pillaged and assassinated wherever they were in garrison. The jotrnals, the Presse, the Ret.ue de Paris, the Revute des De2t. M1ondes, were replete with their misdeeds. The conduct of the Austrian troops during the occupation was on many occasions most deplorable; it was such as I caused even the Russians to be regretted by the unfortunate inhabitants; and this last act, namely, the order of the day of the Emperor Francis Joseph, is an outrage on truth, and it adds insult to the manifold injuries of which the DMoldo-Wallachians have been the victims. One effect of the great war in which we have been recently engaged has been to make us acquainted with countries of which we previously had but slight knowledge, and remote populations with wvhose names we were little familiar, and of whose manners, usages, and governments we had only indistinct and vague notions. The events of the last three years have opened to our view those fertile districts, once the ooject of Russian and now of Austrian cupidity, which are so loosely connected with Turkey, and which have hitherto been helpless in defending themselves against invasion. The two provinces enclosed by the Carpathians, the Pruth, and the Danube, have once more acquired an interest for us, which had partially diminished by tne war in the Crimea; they were the immediate cause of that war, and their reorganization is likely to be attended with difficulties which may again attract the attention of Europe to -what is to come on at IBucharest and Jassy. Among those who have written on the East one in particular stands prominent, from the accurate knowledge he possesses of the Danubian Provinces, and his intimate acquaintance with the origin, traditions, laws, administration, and customs and usages of the Roumanic population. Id. Poujade,whowas solongConsul-Generalof France ir. Wallachia, has throw-n much lighlt on Oriental affairs by his valuable contributions to the Revue d-s Deicx M17ondes and the Revue Cont empnoraine. 31. Ubicini, who is considered worthy to be cited as an authority on eastern history and statistics, has just added to the benefits he has conferred on the reading public by the ptublication of a small volume, zpecially devoted to the Principalities, in the valuiable collection printed by the MIessrs. Firmin Didot, of Paris, entitled "L'Unirers Pittroes~yue." In it he sketches the history of the Dacian people from the time of their subjection under Trajan to the present day, the vicissitudes which the Roumanic populations have passed through; their wars, their government, their geographical advantages, their finances, commerce, reigion,-nothing is left untouched; and, what is a great merit in such a work, these various topics are handled with brevity and an order which bring them clearly and accurately before the reader. The muost interesting portion of the work is that which relates to the history of the Moldo-Waliachians in our own day. The follow,ring extract is from the concluding passages of thiis analysis: "The ignorant Roumain is not aware, nor does educated Europe know any more than he does, that beyond the stream (the Pruth) which hehas cursed there are to befound people of the same blood as himself; that Roumania does not terminate with the mountains which bound his view; that at the other side of these mountains, and even in the very heart of Hungary, beyond the narrow stream which separates him from the Bukowina, as also beyond the Danube and as far as the limits of Macedonia, beyond the Pruth to the Dniester, the mountains and valleys, the plains and banks, are found men of the same race, whose lan guage, religion, and customs are the same as his; and who, -whatever be the rule under which they live, reply to the traveller who questions them, 'Suet Ronan'-' I am a Romain.' Thus we have over eight millions of P.oumains collected in one mass in Moldo-Wallachia, Hungary, Bessarabia, and the adjacent countries, without speaking of the colonies -scattered in groups beyond the Danube and the Dniester; eight milions of IRounains whose ancestors, stationed -as advanced sentinels against the barbarians, sustained for a century and a half, without flinching, the shock of invasion, and who served as a rampart to the Roman empire. What is there to prevent the revival in our days of that policy by preparing the Danubian Principalities for the taskv which Dacia performed after Trajan's time? The circumstances -are the samne; there is nothing changed but the names and dates. What resistance might not be opposed to the encroachments of Slavism by a compact mass of 8,000,009 people, all of Latin origin, if the nations of the west boldly recognized the community of race and interests which conr.ect their destinies with theirs? What a guarantee of stability for the maintenance of the equilibrium of Europe might not be given by that Roumania, so richly endowed by Providence, if, to borrow the poetic i:mage of its people, ,'the various branches of the oak, strewn around its old trunk, resumned their primitive places, to reconstruct the majestic tree-the noble monarch of the forest?' " T am happy to notice a favourable change in the weather. 'The greater part of yesterday was wet, and the afternoon was as cold as in the month of February. This day is fine; the sun is warm, and a smart breeze is rapidly drying up the ground. Several times the sky was covered witlh heavy masses of cloud, and we expected the recommencement of the deluge. We are most agreeably disappointed: the thick masses are reduced to fleecy patches, and the sky presents a favourable appearance. A week's hot sun will do an immensity of good. The agricultural show, which a competent authority pronounces to be " the finest thing of the lkind ever assembled together," will not be the last to benefit by the change in the atmosphere. The following telegraphic despatch has been received "MADRID, ALtY 31. "The bidding for the conversion of 200 mnillions of reals of the floating debt into Three per Cent. Stock took place to-day. The Government had fixed a minimum of 40. The bidders offered 41 and a few centimes. The tenders exceeded the sum of 200 millions demaanded by the Govern. meat." AUSTRIA. (iOM OUR OWN coRREsPoxDFe:r.) -VIEINA, MAY 29. A singular report relative to the state of health of Baron Bruek is in circulation, but persons who saw and spoke to that Mlinister but yesterday assure me that he is well in body and mind. If rumour had spoken of Count Thun, the Mlinister for Ecclesiastical Affairs, as being in a state of unnatural mental excitement, the report would at once have obtained credit, as it is universally known that he is terribly harassed by the spiritual authorities on the one side, and by the civil power on the other. The visit of the Emperor Alexander to the King of Prussia is here cQnsidered a regular demonstration against Austria. The suite of Prince Paul Esterhazy will consist of some 50 persons, as it is the wish of the Emperor that the representative of Austria should play a prominent part at the coronation of the Emperor Alexander. During the week between the 14th and the 20th there wvas a rise in the price of wheat throughout the empire. In Northern Hungary it rose 6d. a-bushel; in Gallicia, 2d.; in Moravia, 3d. ; in Silesia, Sd. ; in Bohemia, 4d.; in Vienna, Is. 4d.; and in Upper Austria, 5d. ODEiSS4, MAhY 18. At present vessels arriving at Odessa are not obliged to keep quarantine, although its abolition has not been made knovn officially. General ILichnor, who constructed the fortifications at Ismail and Reni, is now employed in blowing them up. There are 200 vessels in the roads, but no corn for export. AUSTRIAN CIRCULAR. The Frankfort Journal publishes the following as the substance of an Austrian circular addressed by Count Buol to Austrian diplomatic agents abroad. It is a reply to Count Cavour's memorandum of the 16th of April:- " Like the Sardinian Plenipotentiaries, Count Buol starts from the principle that reforms in Italy are much needed, but, as to the means of those reforms, comes to a conclusion diametrically opposed to Sardinian policy. ""While the memorandum of the 1Gth of April seeks the causes of the state of affairs in Italy in the measures which Austria and the Italian Sovereigns who have caUed in that Power to their aid have recourse to to put down revolutionary excitemient in Italy, the Austrian circulai despatch considers such a state of things as the immediate consequence of a secret and wide-spread propagandism which continues to act in Italy. Sardinia, the only Italian State, according to Count Cavour, capable of opposing a fir barrier to the revolutionary spirit, is designated in Count Buol's note as the focus of this propagandism. "1 The Vienna Cabinet hurls back at that of Turin the accusations brought by the Sardinian Plenipotentiaries against Austria and the Italian States above-mentioned. The circular observes that it is just possible that Sardinia is working the revolutionary spirit with a view to her own territorial aggrandizement. " It also points out that the barrier opposed to a revolutionary movement in Italy is not erected by Piedmont, but that it is based on the Austrian system and on foreign occupation, and attributes the bitterness of Piedmont against Austria and the above-cited Italian States solely to the obstacles which this barrier opposes to the projects which Austria attributes to Sardinia." PRUSSIA. (FROM OwnR oGX 00 RFMSDONR.) BERLIL, MLy 31. There has been a very brilliant parade to-day l iater den Linden in honour of the young Emperor. The whole party arrived here between 9 and 10 o'clock from Potsdam, and proceeded at once to the Schloss, whence, at the appointed time, they appeared on the ground where the parade was held. The troops reviewed consisted of the entire garrison of Berlin;together with the 3d Regiment of Lancers, which had been summoned to march uD from their quarters as a surprise to their Imperial Colonel. About half-past 10 o'clock the King came on the space in front of the Zeutg-havts, attended by all the Princes and all the guests of distinction now here; after a few minutes of inspection and issuing of final orders, an adjutant was despatched to theSchloss to inform the Emperor that aU was in readiness, upon which the King, attended by his staff and suite, rode a few paces oft the ground, and took up a position by the side of Rauch's monument of Frederick the Great. After a short tune the Emnperor appeared, followed by a briliant suite, hardly less numerous than that attending the King; on this the latter advanced at the head of his staff in formal order, with his sword drawn; so that the two'Monarchs met andsaluted inthecentre oftheopen space between the Opera-house and theUniversity. After the interchange of a few words the two Monarchs turned their horses' heads the same way, and commenced their ride along the front of the troops drawn up by regiments, the infantry on the south side, the cavalry on the north side of the I,inden, and the artillery onthe Pariser Platz by the Brandenburger Thor. In addition to the Grand Duke MDlichael and all the Royal Princes at present in Berlin, there were in the combined suite of the King and Emperor, as they moved along unter den Linden to-day, the Crown Prince of Wurtemberg, the Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar, theGrand Duke of Oldenburg, the Grand Dukes of -MecklenburgSchwerin and Stelitz, the Duke of Nassau, and Prince Friedrich of Resse. Every species of uniform in Germany appeared to have found a representative in the brilliant and many-coloured throng of horsemen who composed this cavalcade of from 130 to 150 persons. The only German uniform I missed was the Austrian: if there were any officers of that nation present there must have been very few. After the troops had taken up their appointed stations, a detachment of the Lehr Bataillon, or Normal Battalion, was despatched to the Schloss to fetch the colours of the different regiments that have " braved the battle and the breeze" in campaigns fought long ago, and after their distribution the parade opened. On the present occasion, afterthe Emperor had retirned with the King from riding along the lines, 'he took up his position in front of the bronze statues of Blucher, Gneisenau, and Yorck, near the Opera-house, wvith all the combined suites grouped at each side in order of seniority, and the troops defiled before him. As soon as the mounted Gendarmes had led the way the King put himself at the head of the remaining troops, and led them past in front of his Imperial guest, followed first in order by a whole regiment of young cadets of the military schools here. When the 3d regiment of Lancers came up the Emperor placed himself at their head, and led them before and past the King, who had in the meantime taken up his place also in front of the abovementioned statues. The Queen and the Princesses, attended by the ladies of their household, viewed the parade from the windows of the Princess's Palace. It would be very unfair to judge of the young Emperor by his appearance to-day-the uniform of the Prussian Lancers would drive any man of taste and personal vanity to suicide or desertion; there can hardly be anything contrived better calculated to make a man look awkward. Sir William Williams, of Mars, is to dine at the Kinges table to-day. The Emperor of Russia and all abouL hinm treat the General with the greatest distinction, which is also the case with all the military here. The Prince of Prussia, seeing him a few days back, while viewing the interior of a church at Potsdam, manceuvred so as to come round by one of the side aisles and meet the General face to face, intro-, duced himself to him, shook him by the hand, and entered cordially into conversation with him. Advices which reached K6nigsberg on the 28th from St. Petersburg state that an Imperial ukase enables the commanding officers of regiments to give leave of absence to officers without going through the usual formalities; the number of officers only that are necessary to the working of the service and carrying out the reforms about to be made without delay in the army need be retained with their regiments. ITALY. We learn from Genoa that the Sardinian Generalin-Chief was daily expected in that city, where preparations were making to give him a triumphant reception. The Municipal Council unanimously voted for that purpose a sum of 20,000f. All the Generals who held commands in the Piedmontese Contingent were to be invested with higher rank on their return. General Cialdini had been already appointed Aide-de-Camp to the King; General Durando, Commander of the First Division of the Expedlitionary Corps, is to assume the military government of Genoa; and General Fanti, Com- mander of a brigade in the Crimea, is to be Governor of Chambery. IFrom Rome we learn that Cardinal Antonelli was preparing a reply to the memorandum of Count Cavour and to the speech of Lord Palmerston, which the Pope had caused to be inserted in the Giom,nale di Ros. The Cardinal was collecting for the purpose a number of administrative and statistical documents, and the whole is to be forwarded to Paris by Cardinal Patrizi. CoLnt Colloredo Waldsee, the Austrian Minister,hashad daily conferences withCount deRayneval since his arrival at Rome. On the 21st lio de- spatched to Vienna Count d'Altenburg, Secretaryof the Legation. General . arina, Alinister of War, was strenuously exerting himself to complete the Pontifical Arny, which on paper niumbers 18,000 men, but in reality does not exceed 9,)00. The foreign troops in the pay of the Pope consist of two Swiss regiments, the second of which is a mere skeleton. The revival of the order of M1alta was again talk-ed of. Knights might then be chosen in all the Catholic countries, to constitute a respectable and efficient armed force, but many insurmountable difficulties exist to prevent the realization of that planl. i t;~~~PAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 28th ult. The Government was determined to proceed with jthegreatest energy in the Mexican affair. At a Cabinet Council held the day before it was resolved to send to the Guflf of MIexico, independently of the naval forces detached from Cuba, to ships of theI line, one frigate, and one corvette, which are to be placed under the command of a distingsushed naval offlcer. One of these ships is now ready to put to sea, and the Government has ordered that the other shall be fitted out with all possible despatch. The Cortes were stiUl discussing the bases of the bill on the press. The Minister of War had issued a circular, recommending all the persons belonging to his department, in the name of the Queen, to purchase the wvork entitled Military Letters fromt the Crimea, published by the Captain of Artillery Mariano Perez de Castro. King Ferdinand of Portugeal arrived on the 20th nlt. at Tangiers, where he was received by thle Pasha with all the honours due to his rank. The last accounts received from Africa induced a hope that peace woulld soon be re-established betwveen the Spanish possessions and the Moorse The commission of engineers employed in laying out the stations of the Northern Rlailway between Mirandaand Vittoria, and between the latter and Irun, had submitted the result of their labours to the Government, so that the adjudication of the third and fourth sections of that line may shortly take place.
LOCAL CHARGES UPON SHIPPING. The committeo met yesterday in Room No. 18, Mr. Lo%NE in the chair. The CHAiRnce.N said, he had received a letter from Mr. Iloyd as to the attendance of Mr. HaUiday before the committee, and requesting that the evidence he had given upon a former occasion might be strack out, as he had misunderstood Mr. Halliday with reference to his statement regardirg the freemen of Liverpool. The parties referred to were not forwarding agents, but merchants forwarding goods on their own account. The room was then cleared, and we understood the letters were ordered to be entered upon the minutes. Mfr. ShelUey, of the Treasury said, that the amount paid out of the consolidated fund to tle port of Liverpnol for differential dues levied on foreign ships, was, for the year ended December 31, 1855-for pilotage, 7,1291.18s. 6d., and for anchorage, 191. ls. Gd. ; in 1354, for pilotage, 8,5891. 13s. 3d., and for anchorage, 251. 7s. Witness then read the acts under which these sums were paid, commencing in 1819 (the 59th of George IIL, cap. 54). The amount, he said, was ascertained primarily by the Trinity Board, who made the payment to the different parties, and sent the account quarterly to the Customs, who recouped the Trinity-house. The gross a-mount paid under the different acts, from 1b20 to 1855, was 981,6301. Gs. 6d. for the wholp kingdom. Mr. J. Butterfield, of the Trinity-house, deqcribed how the amount due for differential dnes was ascertained. At Liverpool there were three claims-two for pilotage and one for anchorage. The parties claiming furnished a return to the Trinity-house, and this was most carefully checked, and the money was then paid out of the general fund at the dis- sal of the Trinity-house, and the account forwarded to the Cnstoms, who repaid the amount to the Trinity-house. Mr. Bremner, solicitor, of Liverpool, was anxious to give eidence in favour of the retention of the payment of the differential dues on alien ships. The fist act passed with reference to pilotage was the 6th of George II., and the gross amount received during the last 10 years was 556,995l. On ahen ships the average amount receied during the last six years was 6,1531., and the last five years I 7,722l., thus showing a large increase in the trade of the port. Two parties claimed the dues for anchorage at Liver- a pool, and these were appointed by the Pilotage Committee, but not a farthing of these dues was received by the corpora. tion. If the right to receive these dues was withdrawn from the pilots it would conie out of the pockets of the working men, and it would amount to 341. per man per annum. Steamers were not now compelled to take pilots, and this reduced the receipts 4,0001. per annum. The reduction was voluntary on the part of the pilots, and the exemption was afterwards confirmed by order in Council. By the CainansAX.-He was of opinion that where any class of men enjoyed any privilege by act of Parliament and that privilege was withdrawn they were entitled to com- pensation. He was aware that a master of an Irish steamer,! who had been in the habit of entering the port of Liverpool for the pastl5 years, had applied, underthe Mercantile Marine I Act, to the corporation for a certificate, which was refused. | Application was also inade to the Board of Trade, but they I would not take the responsibility. He was aware of two; other applications for certificates from masters of vessels having been refused. Mir. John Sheppard, a master pilot, appeared to oppose the withdrawal of the pilotage dues. After describing thel extent of the district worked by the pilots, witness said the number of pilot-boats wvas 12; masters, 24; journeymen, 171; licensed apprentices, 42; unlicensed, 64. The cost of a boat was about 2,1001., and the repairs 2004. Witness had given 1,4001. for his share in his hoat, upon which he received on an average of 7 to 9 per cent. Mr. Hughes, master of No. 1 pilot-boat, stated the amount of pilotage rates on British vessels was 9s. per foot I inwards and 4s. outwards: on alien vessels 12s. mwards i and 7s. outwards ; coasters, 4s. inwards; and 2s. outwards; steamers, 4s. (when a pilot was taken) inwards and 2s. outwards, and is. when the pilot-boat was within a reason-i able distance. The charges had been reduced within the last two years, and the gross earnings last year were 56,3041., upon which there were various charges, leaving a net amount of 6311. for each of the 12 boats per annum. The average income of the 195 pilots i was 1S91. less licence fee and income-tax. The receipts from vessels having no reciprocity with this country would be 5111. 10s. 8d. on an average for the last 10 years. Supposing Parliament to abolish the differential dues, the loss to th i pilots would be about 7,842!. per annum, or, as stated by the last witness, 341. per man. If the trade were thrown open, witness was of opinion there would not be a pilot-boat kept at sea in efficient order. Mtr.Joseph Cook, superintendent and examiner of pilots at Liverpool, detailed to the comnmittee the qualification I necessary for a pilot. He thea said the pilotage rates at ,iverpool as compared with other ports were as follows:- Taking a ship drawing 20 feet water, the rates from the' Downs to London were 26!. 9s. 2d. At New York for the same vessel the charge would be 171.; at Calcutta 501., exclusive of gratuity to pilot; at Melbourne 36?., and at Liverpool only 91. By the CHAIRMANT.-He was not aware of the distance a vessel had to be piloted at Calcutta-it might be 100 miles. At Melbourne the distance was very short. Owing to foreign vessels being very inefficiently manned, and the crews being generally ignorant of the English language, great additional inconvenience was experienced by the pilots, and witness thought, as this difficulty increased the responsibility, an additional charge on foreign vessels was 'te fair. The service at Liverpool could not be carrie on if the pilots' remuneration was reduced. It would have the effect of driving away competent men, and: introducing a worse class. By Mr. Fmn wcsC.-Although pilots received one-fourth more upon foreigin vessels, witness knew they would much prefer taking charge of an English-vessel, owing to the difficulties before mentioned. B,y MIr. MoS TT.-Howas net aware of the remunera. tien of pilots at other English ports, but at Calcutta they w;ere mu3ch better paid than at Lr&orpool. BSy bk. Hosurxs,FA.-Hie was of opinion that the present mode of levying the pilotage rates at Liverpool was based upon a wrong principle. A vessel of 500 tons from the es swould draw ss much water as an Austrian or American vessel of 2,000 tons, and yet would pay the same. The rates should be calculated on the tonnage rather than on the draughts of water. The length of a vessel of 2,000 tons rendered it far more difficult to manage than a, shorter vesseL Of late years, notwithstanding the increase of trade, the remuneration of the pilots of Liverpool had, decreased, as the vessels had increased in length but not in. draught of water. In the report of Captain Evans, con-t servator of the Mersey, nublished in 1855, he stated that 54,870 vessels had passed in and out of Liverpool in 1855, being an excess of 3,234 vessels over the year 1854, and 16,000 over the year 1852, and he complimented the pilots upon the absence of any accidents. In answer to the CHAIRMTIAN, witness explained the case! of Captain Christie, who had been rejected upon examina-, tion for a pilot's certificate. Before leaving the room Captain' Christie had been asked whether he considered the examinaflea had been fairly conducted, and he replied in the affirm-, ative-subsequently, on application by the Board of Trade,j the examinationwas sentup verbcuisa to them. Witness' said he was aware Captain Christie denied that he was asked the above questson, but several witnesses were present at the time who could confirm it. By Mr. MOFFATT.-It waS unusualto asksuch a question, but it was thought right to do so on the Dresent occasion. ! MIr. M'Adadm, of Belfast, gave evidence'm opposition to tha toDwn dues of Liverpool. He said trade had been muoh diverted from Liverpool in consequence. At Belfast thd charge upon flax was only 6d. per bale for harbour dues while at Liverpool it was ls., although nothinZ whateve was done for the port. ° I At the conclusion of this witness's examination the comi mittee adjourned until Thursday next, at 12 o'clock. GRBAT DBSTBrUTION IN CAPE VERD .-A letter from the Cape Verde Islands says-" The people of these islands, particularly St. Antonio, are at present in the very deptbs of misery, dying literally by hundreds from starvation, and it is anticipated by weUl-mformed people that at least one-half - of the population (which at present is 30,0O0)willperish. Philanthropistsmayfind ample seope for their generosity, b*t itmustbe prompt, asthe case of the-in habitants is now all but hopeless, and a little seasonable relief might save thousands of poor wretches from a miserable - death ; or better, perhaps, than anything else, would be the giving them the chance to leave the islands, from which the favour of the Almighty appears to have'heen remoyed, there having been rno rain for tlhree years."
;LAW REPOBR. COURT OF CHANERRV T. ATX'TN.t- T-- O) PEN-wrear v vrc IBefore the loRT5R r-TRT,- - I 1 This appeal from a decree of Vice-Chancellor Stuart was part heard on Friday and Saturday, and occupied the Court the whole of tho day. The suit is one for foreclosure. The facts are exceedingly intricate, and, although important, are wholly uninterestin. Mr. Malins and M. Smythe sup rted the Vice-Chancellor's decision; Mr. Elmsley and I Shebbeare were for the appellants.
VICE-CHANOIELTORm' cnOpTc: -T-- > XX'RTVIU~ -' -.1--S. (Beforc rict-Oltncelor Sir R. T KTlWNMVrT.lV I In this case large estates were recovered from the defendant by the plaintiffs, at the hearing of the cause his Honour deciding that under a gift to the right heirs of a certain person named by a particular wife the plaintiff as heir special, was entitled to the estates, and accounts and inquiries were directed, giving all just allowances. In taking these accounts it appeared that a Mr. Chard, who had acted for Captain and Mrs. Vernon, had allowed deductions to tenants for goods supplied to the defendant, and also bills for planting and other improvements; he had also carried in a claim of 2391. for commission or poundage, all of which the Chief Clerkhad allowed, and the;plaintiffappealed fromthat finding. Mr. Glasse and Mr. Smyth appeared for the pLaintiff. Mr. Bailey and Mr. Renshawe for the defendant, and in support of the Chief Clerk's certificate. TIhe VICE-CrAxCEU.On thought that Mr. Chard was not entitled to allow the bills of the tenants for goods sU pliea to Captain Vernon if he did so, it was at his peria; e might have objected, biut declined to litigate the question with tbel tenants; but ha did not do that, and, not -being a trustee for any one, mauch more for the plaintiff, those deductionsmust be disallowed. With regard to the improvements in planting, &c., they were said to be lasting and substantial, and that was conclusive against them as just allowances, for they could not be allowed except specially. With regard to the commission Mr. Chard was not entitlod to that either, although he might be entitled to any actual expenses for journeys and money out of pocket in collecting the rents, and, moreover, all these things took pLace after the filing of this biiL (Before Wice-OhancePor Sir J. STU-ATR.) AIREY V. HALL. The question in this case was whether a voluntary settlement was effectual as regarded a suim of 30,7321. Three per Cent. Stock, and a sum of 8,000Z., part of a balance at the settlor's bankers, both of which remained standing in his name down to the time of his decease. Previously to the execution of the voluntary settlement he had made a will giving his residuary estate in trust for the separate use of his three daughters as tenants in common. By the settlement in question, which was executed on the 31st of July, 1837 (about three months after the will), the settlor, after conveying real estates to ths trustees -thereby appointed, granted, assigned, transferred, and set over to the same trustees the sum of stock and the 8,0001. now in question upon trust for the separate use of the same three daughters (but for life only), without power of anticipation, with executory trusts over in favour of their children. The testator died on the 12th of August, 1837, and the executors of his will, in con(urrence with the trustees of the voluntary settlement, had dealt with the sums in question according to the trusts of the latter instrument. Mr. BAcoN and Mr. GIFFAsn, for the plaintiff, who was one of the daughters of the settlor, contended the settlement constituted an imperfect voluntary gift merely, to which the Court would not, according to the authorities, goive effect. Mfr. Wigram, Mr. W. A. Ellis, lWr. Hetherington, Mr. Do Gex, and Mr. Bonham Carter were forthe defendants. The VICE-CHANCELLOR said that the questions argued were of great difficulty, and it might at ffrst sight appear that the authorities bearing on them were not quite consistent with one another. There was, however, in the present case an express declaration of trust of the sums in ,question, and where a trust was fastened on property the Court would not allow it to be defeated by mere matters of form. If therefore the Court wereasked-to decide that the settlement was a mere nullity as regarded these sums, his Honour would have the greatest difficulty in so deciding. The question did not, however, arise exactly in that form, for the executors had acted upon -what they considered to be the effect of the will and the settlement, and the Court was now asked to disturb what had been done at th3 suit of volunteers. Now, noauthority had bean cited in which the Court had thus interfered against a voluntary settlement in favour of volunteers daiming under another voluntary disposition, and his Honour thought he ought not to do so in the present case. There must be a declaration that the settlement was binding as between the parties with regard to the sums in question. (Before Vce-OChanellosr Sir W. P. WOOD.) GOUGH V. DAVIES. The question in this case, which had been adjourned from Chambers into Court. was as to the effect of apardon by the Governor of a penal colony, and whether such pardon entitled the ceonvict to claim a share of personal estate under a contingency which had taken place subsequently to the pardon having been granted. The vill of William Dick, made shortly before his death and dated the 3d of June, 1796, contained an ultimate limitation asato 7,0001. stock in favour of such person or persons as at the death of the testato's granddaughter* should be his next of kin. The testator's granddaughter died on the 7th of April, 1855. One of the testator's next of kin at the time of her death was James Gough, who was convicted of felony, and sentenced to deatlh in 1S12. This sentence had been commuted into transportation for life, and Janies Gough was sent to \ ew South 'Wales in 1813. In Mlarch, 1841, Sir George Gipps, the Governor of New South Wales, forwarded to the Colonial-office for approval a list of eight absolute and 38 conditonal pardons in farour of certain convicts. James Gonghi was one of those whose name appeared among the absolute pardons,which in du course received Her.Uajesty's approval. 'lhe question nowr arose in the administration of the testator's estatebetwveen the Crown and James Gough, as to whether he was so remitted to his rights by the Governor's pardon as to be entitled to a share iu the 7,0001. as one of the testator's next of kin under the contingency in the wvill. Mr. ROLT and Mr. CkRnE\s, on behalf of James Gough, contended that the effect of the Governor's pardon, which was absolute, was the same as if it had passed under the Great Seal, and that the contingency upon which the legacy was given not having happened untig 1S55, subsequently to the pardon, James G.ough had a clear and complete right to the property. The statutes bearing upon the question wvere 30th George III, c. 47, by which the King may authorize the Governors of colonies by an instrument in writing to remit or shorten the terms for which felons are transported, such instrument to have the same effect as if His Majesty had signified his Royal intention of mercy, and the names of such felons to be included in the next Great S z. plwremn. 4th George IV., c. 90, which provides (sec. 35) that such instruments shall be transmitted to His iMajesty for approval, and that when approved they should have, and -be deemed to have had, from the date thereof the effect of a pardon under the Great Seal within New South Wales and its dependencies; bust not elsewhere. The statute 5th of George IV., c. 84, s. 26, is as follows :-" And whereas it hath sometimes *happened that felons under sentence or order of transportation in :New South Wales andthe islands adjacent have received from the Governor or Lieutenant-Governor thereof remissions, either absolute or conditional, of the whole or of some part of the term of their transportation, and have by their industry acquired property, in the enjoyment whereof it is expedient to protect them; be it therefore enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for every felon under sentence or order of transportation, who hath received, or shall receive, any such remission as aforesaid from the Governor or Lieutenant-Governor of New South Wales, or from the Governor or Lieutenant-Governor of any other colony, who may be authorized to grant the same, while such felon shall reside in a place where he lawfilly may reside under such sentence, order, or remission, and under the proevisions of this act, to maintain any action or suit for tlhe recovery of any property real, personal, or mixed, acquired by such felon since his or her conviction, and forany damage or injiry sustained by sudc felon since his or herconviction, not onlyin the courts of the colony or place where such felon shall reside, but also in the courts of this kingdom and of al other His Majesty's dominions."J *Mr. WIcKsNs, on behalf of the Crown, contended that section 26 of the 5th of George IV.. c. 84, was intended to protect properyacquired by pardoned convicts by their earningrs and industry, and hiad no application to property.. of this nasture,- devolv ing upon them under a contingency in. a will, and in no sense acquired by industry within the words of the section. The Governor's pardon, by the 4th of George IV., c . a. 35, was to have the effect of a pardon nnderthe GreatS within New South Wles and its dependencies, but not elsewhiere. If it was intended by the oth of George IY., c. 84, to restore the pardoned felon to al about awa" rth, it *as difflcult to conceive a more roundabu wyof expressing what w as contemplated. The VI6E-CHANCELLOR said that it was distinctly-laid dow in. ' Bullock v. Dodds," 2 Barr. and Ad, 2;S, that the'remission by the Governor of the term of transporttion had by the statute 30th George IL, c. 17 the ssme effect as the signification of the Kings Royal intention of miercymnder his sign manual, but that the intention of mercy signified under the sign manual had not the legal effect of a pardon ander the Great SeaL It would be very wrong to allowr any douht to be thrown upon that case, which so far concluded the general question, hut this- case was brought within the statutes as io the effect of pirdons in the colony by the Governor. Eis Honour, after adverting to the prior statutes, said that -the effect of a pardon by the Governor was provided for by. the 5th of George IV., c. 84, s. 26. 'Ihe preamble of that section seemed to contemplatethe protection of property acquired by industry- onlv; but the enacting part was -more general, and spoke of "any property, rea}, personal, or mixqsed," which the don might sue for, not only in the colony, but. in any other part of lIHis - Majesty's dominions. The statute mlight have been snore clearSlyfrarned, but the inten-- tion was that after a pardon ha d been granted and the con-- -a-ict was stairted without any property whatever, it having- been-found that he became- industrious and was able to l acquire something by his earnings, it was desired to protect ihim in the enjoyment of-it, and encourage him in his dispo-. sitionsiowards industry. Some personmight be desirous of *assiting him a,nd giving hiUra smau snm to form ; capit,alth which to start. Sueh property wo d ert-aiuly not have been acquired by thb industry of the onvit, but it -would be very narrow constraction to hold that when. sogtven it ought not to be protected. In this case the pro. erty hbd falten to the -convict in no sense by his industry. te could not, however, draw a distinction, and upon a sound and liberal construction of the words of the motion, and adhering to the enacting part and not the preamble, he ImustholdJames Gough to be entitled and decide against , the right of the Crown.
COURT OF QUERWS BENCH W fT" .T,,, 9 IX TtT' WTT.rnV IOTtTIA - n If (Sittingi in Banco, before Lord CAMPBELL, and Jiaice COLEP.JDG. E,=. and OROO,n-rn Sir F. THUGER (with whom ws Mr. Clarkson) said he appeared on the part of Henry Prichard, one of the attorneys of this court, to show cause against a rule to answer the matters contained in an affidavit. Mr. Prichard had been for a great number of years solicitor to the Society for the Suppression of Vice, and the present rule had been granted on the unsupported application of a mau (W3EIam Dugdale) who had been four or five times convicted of carrying on the filthy trade of selling ob3cena prints, and who charged lMr. Prichard with the perversion of justice, fromn considerations which, he said, he ought to be called upon to disclose to this Court. The affidavit on which the rule was granted related to the prosecution of a mannamed Bosworth, who had been employed n a shop in Holywell-street. The name of Elliott was over the door, and he (Bosworth) being engaged in the sale of obscene publications, and supposed to be the proprietor of the ShOp, was indicted and apprehended. It stated that on the day before his trial was to take place he was liberated on bail, without any opposition from the prosecutor (Mr. Prichard). Bosworth did not appear to take his trial, and, his recognizances being estreated, he was convicted, and sentenced to two years' imprisonment. It stated that after his conviction Bosworth returned to his businesisn the same shop, andeontinued to carryit on there to the knowledge of the agents of the society and of Prichard, but that no proceedings were taken to have him arrested inpursuance of his sentence. It stated that 1S months after he had been so engaged in his business proceedings were instituted against him at the Middlesex Sessions, to which he pleaded ilty, and that when the Assistant-Judge (Mr. Pashley Q.C.) asked if anything were known of the prisoners, M Pnichard handed up a copy of the record of the conviction of one of the defendants (Edward Duncombe), but maintained silence with respect to Bosworth, and that Mr. Pashley, in consequence, passed a sentence of six months' imprisoament upon Duncombe,butof onlytwomonthsupon Bosworth. He concluded by stating that by the non-execution of the warrant the due course of justicehadbeenperverted, the Courthad been treatedwith contempt, and the intentions of Lord Campbell entirely frustrated; and that the sentence of the law had been rendered null and void by the said Henry Prchard, "for considerations which said Henry Prichard ought to be called upon to disclose to the *Court." In answer to that affidavit Mr. Prichard stated the circumstances with regard to the indictment of Bosworth, who was indicted in the name of Elliott, that being the nama over the shop door. The society was afterwards informed that the shop belonged to a woman named Mary Elliott, and that Bosworth, who was her shopman, was a very poor man, with a wife and seven children, who had been dragged unwillingly into the trade, which he was anxious to leave. The society, however, determined to proceed with the indictment against him, thinking that a conviction would be an additional security that he should not return to the same trade. The learned counsel then read from MIr. Prichard's affidavit, in which he stated that in the foregoing proceedings he neither made nor authorized any bargain whatsoever with Bosworth, nor did he believe that any had been made, and that no consideration whatever had been received, or promised, or expected from the said James Bosworth. The Court would be aware that it was extremely difficult to detect persons engaged in the filthy trade of selling obscene publications, and Ir. 1richard stated that neither ke nor the society was aware that Bosworth had returned to that business until the purchases -were made which led to the second indictment of Bosworth along with Mary Elliott. It was impossible to detect persons engaged in that trade except by means of persons who were unlmown to them; but as soon as it was known that Bosworth was again engaged in the trade, a prosecution was instituted against him. In taldng this course Mr. Prichard acted unader the advice of counsel, who advised that as a long time had elapsed since the conviction it would be better to proceed on a fresh charge. There might have been a want of judgment in that, but that was not what the Court was caUed upon to visit. Five parties were indicted at the same time for the same offence, among whom were Mary Elliott and her shopman, James Bosworth, John Dugdale, the brother of the applicant, indictedas Richard Eglington, andEEdward Duncombe. The first three pleaded guilty, and Edward Duncombe was tried and convicted. When Eg linton (John Dugdale) pleaded guilty it was stated by his counsel that he was only a shopman who had recently engaged in the trade through sickness and distress, and that he was formerly a printer in the service of a master who was willing to take him back. The AssistantJudge upon this directed inquiries to be made into his case. It was on that occasion, an7d not on the 1st of May, when al the parties were brought up for judgment, Mr. Prichard handed up to the Judge a copy of the conviction of John Dugdale, who, it appeared, had several timesbeen convicted, an d on the last occasion had been sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labour,-a sentence which had hardly expired for one month when he was found engaged in the same trade. In reference to John Dngdale, the present applicant, William Dngdale, made an affidavit that he was his shopman, cnd that he had sold the pubEcations in question by Cis direction. With respect to Bosworth's case it was sworn by Mr. 1'ricbard and his clerk that they did not hear any request made on thepart of the Judge to knos aDything of his (Boswvorth's) conduct, and that if any such inquiry was made it w;as not heard; and 3fr. Prichard positively declared that he had no desire or motive to screen Bosworth from the punishment which he deserved. The learned counsel here observed that the A ssistant-Judge had b.en lenient enough to give Bosworth only two months' imprisonment and Duncombe only six months'. Lord C_A.'rFBEL.-L e must have disapproved and censured the sentence originally pronounced on Bosworth by tllis Court. Sir F. TaRsxrzai said the question was, under these circumstances, whether there was any ground for imputing to Mr.. Prichard that he had been actuatedby corrupt moiives. Lord C-4mrlELL.-Does he explain why when he gave the information to the Judge as to one of the defendants he gave no information respecting Bosworth? Mr. Justice COLERIDGE.-He says he did not hear any inquiry. Sir F. TBIESIGER.-Mr. Prichard said he did not believe that such informationvwas ever asked. The Court might entertain a strong opinion on the case, in which he {Sir F. Thesiger) might be disposed to concur. But he (Mr. Prichard) was acting under the advice of counsel. Air. O'AULiLPY.-The affidavit does not say that. Sir F. THEsiGER said that it might be that Mr. Prichard was wrong, aud ought to have communicated what he knew to the Judge. Mr. Justice Eimm said it would be most pernicious if mere bystanders were to give- chance information to a Judge. Lord CA'nTELL.-But here he was the attorney for the prosecution. Mr. Justice ERL,E said he would ask for information from an authorized source, but as a general rule he did not authorize every attorney for the prosecution to volunteer information. Sir F. TiESIGE said he would now give the Court information respecting the previous history of the applicant, William Dugdale. As long ago as tlhe year 1825 a person named WiUiam Dugdale, and who Mr. Prichard believed was the same as the present applicant, was convicted at the Middlesex Sessions of publishing anobscenelibel, and sentenced to four mouths' imprisonment. The applicantwasconvicted in the year 1836 of a similar offence, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment, and to enter into recognizances for his good behaviour for three years. In the year 1845 he pleaded guilty to a similar charge at the Central Criminal Court, and gave up a large stock of obscene books and prints,-viz., 5,02S prints, 232 books, and upwards of 22ent. of letterpress; 351 copperplates and small lithog,raphic stones with abominable drawings upon them, and was thereupon ordered to enter into recognaces for three years. In the year 1850 he was convicted under the Vagrant Act at Bow-street for the public exposure of an obscene print, and sentenced to three months' imprisonment; aud in l851 he was convicted at the Middlesex Sessions of procuring obscene libels for the purpose of sale, and sentenced to be imprisoned for two years and to enter into recognizances for his good behaviour for one year. On the 16th of April last he made an affidavit on the trial of Eglington, in which he stated that that person had committed the offence of which he had pleaded, guilty by his (William Do^dale's) orders, and for that offence he was liable to be again indicted, but the society had hitherto forborne to prosecute him, lest it should be thought that they wished to intimidate him in the proceedings which he had now taken. MIr. Pzichard concluded his affidavit by stating that ho had been solicitor to the Society for the Suppression of Vice since the year 1836, and that in several cases within his experience, where there wero circumstances of mitigation, the Court, after reference to the society, had directed a conviction to be recorded, and discharged the defendant on entering into his reco'iizances to appear to receive sentence when called upon, but that he had never-nor, to his knowledge or belief, had any one in his employ-under any circumstances taken any gratuity or consideration or promise to withhold, delay, or in any way compromise any such proceedings. 3Ir. Justice CRorerTOr1 inquired whether it was stated by Mr. Prichard that he did not know where Bosworth was after his sentence by this Court. Sir F. THESIGER said Mr. Prichard stated " that until at or about the time when the purchases were made which led to the subsequent indictment of the said John Bosworth and the said Mary Elliott, I did not know, nor was it, as I believe, known to the said society, that the said John Bosworth was again engaged in carrying on the trade in obscene publicationsin the said shop in Holywell-street, or Mr. Justice CRo3rrros-.-If they wantedto find him did they lznow where to take him ? Lord CAMPxBELL said that after conviction compromises took place. He would not say that it was so in this case, but such practices did exist in this country, to the perversion of justice. Sir F. TnEFSuGE concluded by observing tbat, whether Ir. Prichard was right or wrong, this rule could not be made absolute unless he had been actuated by unworthy motives. Mxr. CL&RKSo followed on the same side, and said he felt it due to the Court as well as to himself to state that when he was consulted on the part of the society 21 months had elapsed from the time when the warrant had been issued. It was then he advised a fresh indictnent. Mr. Justice COLEBIDOE inquired whether he understood that the defendant was brought up for judgment 21 months afterhis conviction. -r. CLi-nssoN said the defendant was not then brought upfor judgment, but he (Mr. Clarkson) then advised a fresh indictment as the better course. Mr. '0L2Ltxv and MRr. MEBTcALF supported the rule, and in so doing said.that no one could feel more strongly the impurity ofthe source from which the present information ,came before the Court; and they only regretted I St tb,e means of putting down suchl proceedings ishould be restraied by such conduct as that of M 3Ir. 1chard. ai this case, Two charges were. made against hlAi 11 this casc, both of whMsh etond confessed by the affidavit WhiWh had been made in anaswer. If there had I been any conflict of testimony, there could be no hesitatibn in saying that credit ought to be given to Mr. Pxichard!g statement, and that Dngdale's ought to be disbelieved. -But in this case the credit of Dugdale was out of- the question, for, with the exception of the motives imputed, all the facts stated by Dngdale were admitted. lr. Prichard ad. maitted that before Bosworth's trid he knew of alU the cir. cumstances of mitigption in his case, whieh induced himto let him out on bail the day before his triaL That looked lile a preconcerteh plan for defeating the pro. ceedings of this Court, that Boaworth might be out of the way when his trial took place-in fact, that he might be taken out of the hands of the la-w and put in the hais of lr. Prichard. Who ought to have been informed of tb circumstances of mitization umless it was the Court 7- - LordCAmBELL.-&lessthe Judge asks for infoxa` tion, the prosecuting attorney is not bound to inform hlim,; - Ir.O'MALLEYsaid theprosecutor recommended to mers and if the Court had been informed of those circumstance, the Court would have mitigated the sentence. He ought not to put the law in motion, and induce the Court to pass a sentence which he has determined to render nugatory. before the sentence is passed. That had been done by Mr: Prichard in this case, and waa as great an insult as could be offered to the administration of justice. Why was the -wrrant committed to Mr. Prichard but because he was a publicfunctionary and in the faul faith that he would exercise due diligence in executing the sentence ? Lord CAmv5BELL said he had made an arrangement with Lord Palmerston, when Home Secretary, that notice should be given to the Home-office when defendants wera convicted in their absence, in order that they might be committed to prison to undergo their sentence. But how the warrant ini this case was delivered to Mr. Prichard be could not say. Mr. O'MALLEY.-1llo sooner was sentence passed than Mr. Prichard got the warrant and put it into his pocket. It was not pretended that he did not Inow where to find Bosworth. AUl he said was that he did not mnow that hle had returned to carry on the same trade in the same house. He might have taken him on that very night, but for 21 months he kept in his pocL-et the warrant which had beeii confided to him in the faith that he would execute -it diligently, and allowed Bosworth to go at large under his nose. The learned counsel contended the society ought to put themselves in the hands of the law, but here they said that because the man happened to be a servant it was not proper for the sentence of this Court to be carried into execution. The case he (Mr. O'Malley) thought had. beent rather aggravated by the explanation which had beeu attem ted. Lord CtsPnXLL said he was now informed by the Master of the Crowni-office that the arrangement with the Houeoffice had been made in February, 1S53. Sir F. TsiGEE, said he believed it had not been publicly promulgated. Mr. O'MALLEY, in reference to the second point, said Mr. Clarkson had never advised Mr. Prichard to suppress the fact that Bos worth had been convicted and sentenced to twoyears' imprisonment. Mr. Prichard was in thepposition of a public prosecutor, recognized by the Court before whom he brought the case, and when applied to in respect of one prisoner he ought to have banded in the convictionfof this prisoner of the very same offence. The excuse now set up was insuficient. The Court ought to kinow what the considerations were which moved Ir. Prichard, for the explanatons now offered were not sufficient. Mr. METCALFE, on the same side, urged that if the Judge asked about one prisoner he must be considered as asking about all, and that the fact now stated by Mr. P'richard that he handed up to the Judge a copy of the conviction of Eglington (J. Dngdale) showed that he had gone into court prepred -with one conviction, while he kept back the other, that of Bosworth, and said not a word abzot it. &r. Prichard said he had no corrapt motive; that might be; but he must have had an improper one, probably afow-ing himself to be made a tool of by others, in keeping back the prisoner from justice. Lord CAMXPIELL said the present complaint was made before the Court by one of the most infamous of mankindwho for a long course of years had carried on a traffic by which he corrupted the morals of the young-a practice which rendered hima as guilty as any who committed robbery on the Queen's highway. At the same time, when he brought a case before the Court which was not contradicted, the Court was bound to listen to*he complaint, cnd to see what opinion ought to be formed upon the facts. He (Lord Campbell) was of opinion that Mr. Prichard in this case, though he might not have had any bad motive, and believing, as he (Lord Campbell) did, that he had not received or expected any pecuniary xecompense so as to become liable to the punishment which it was sought to bring upon him, had nevertheless been guilty of conduct which was highly improper. WVhy was it that he agreed to admit Bosworth to bail on the day but one before his trial? H e had no right to e:cercise any discretion in the matter, nor to do what afforded him (Bosworth3 an opportunity of escaping writh impunity. Then came the sentence imposed by the Court, -which he (lord Campbell) did not think, after consideration, was at all too severe for the offcnce-viz., tvwo years' imprisonmnent, to which hard labour was added. The w arrant for the arrest of the defendant wa3s net' in this case forwvarded to tie Honne Secretary, according to the arrangement to which he (Lord Campbell) had referred. WVhether that vwas because Mlr. Prichard was lookedupon in the natu2re of a public prosecuter he (Lord Campbell) knew not, bult the Hiome.offlce did not interfere. Mr. Prichard detained that wrarrant iir hlis possession that it might not be executed. It nowv appeared that he (Prichard) perfectly well knewv where Boa. w.orth was to be round, hut he abstained from executing the w;arrant because he thought that w,hat had occurred mi"ht be sufficient to prevent him from repeating the offence. Ieo had, howrever, no right to adopt that course in a case where the Court had passed a sentence of twro years' imprisonment -with hard labour. Hlis Lordship then expressed his deep regret that such practices should prevail in thlis counutr, w here there was a private prosecutor and a conviction took place. His Lordship expressed his belief that in a majority of such cases a compromitse was made between the prosecutor and the culprit, tat the person convicted escaped the punishment which the law gave him, an d that the parties were soon found to be shaking hands over some corrupt agreement, and becoming apparently friends. The conduct of Mr. Prichard in this particular was highly improper, for it was his duty, having the warrant of the Chief-Justice in his hands, to have it executed. Hiis Lordship also said he felt bound in dischar"e of his dusty to say that, while the sentence of Junec, 1SS, had net been executed, it w.as not giving good advice to say that Bosw.orth should be prosecuted by the Society for the Suppression of Vice, instead of saying that the former sentence should be carried into execution. Mr. Prichard also atied improperly when, at the wMiddlesex Sessions, 'the parties convicted were about to receive judgment, and in~ quiry was made respecting them, he (Prichard) produced in~ court a copy of the-conviction of Dngdale, one of the defendants, but withregard to Bosworth, upon whom he (Priehard) appeared always to have looked with favour, he entirely su1p. pressedhis former conviction in this court,w.here he had been sentenced to twvo years' imprisonment. The result was that Bosworth, who had been sentenced in June, 1854, escaped altogether wvith a sentence of two mouths' imprisonment;and the interests of justice had thus been perverted. iSIr. Prichard had sworn, and he (Lord Campbell) believed him, that he had been actuated by no pecuniary or corrupt motive; and, under these circumstances, the rule must be discharged, but without costs. Mr. Junstice COLERIGS. said he was of the same opinion wvith Lord Campbell, who had fully expressed his sentisments. Ifs, man took upon himself the responsibility of prosecutor he rendered himself open to great censure if a conviction should lead to a perversion of justice. In t~his case Mr. Prichard had brought the party within reach of the lawv, and then he took upon himself to interfere in such a way that a most guilty person escaped his punishment altogether, and was subjected only to a much highter one. Mr. Justice Ells concurred inthe judgment of the Court as to the effect of the rule, but his Lordship did not think that Mr. Prichard had acted from any motive that ought to lowrer him in the estimation of his fellows. He (Priehard) departed from his duty in not dealing equally with all those who camp within his province. His Lordshlip did not say that in reference to the question of the hail, for he doubted upon that point; but it was clear that after the parties were brought up for judgment and sentence wvas passed the lawr ought t o be put in force, and if Prichard caused it to be pu£ in.force ag.ainst one, and not against another, he made abdistinction whichwvashighly improper. Whentheparties were indicted the second time, if he, Prichard, volunteered information respecting one defendant, he (Mr. Justice E;rIe) w ould certainly expect that he would no it in respect of the other, and he (Mrz. Justice Erle) should be much chagrined in such a case if that were not done. His Lordship did not think' it w as the duty of pa.rties present at a criminal trial unsolicited to give information to a Judge respecting a crimninal,for there was great peril in a Judge relying on such statements, .as theymaight be untrue, hut the Judge would apply to those sources of information upon wehich ho could rely. Mrl. Justice CxonROO said he thought there waxs no gound forimputin corrupt motives to Mr. Prichard, but heagree writh the rest of the Court as to the impropriety of his conduct. Rule discharged, without costs. RIOBXRTS AuND OTIEE1S V. HAYXEIS. This wras a rule to enter a nonsuit. The action wras brought to recover damages for anL injury done to the plaintiff's houses by reason of the defendant's negligencein conducting the Egarl of Dartmouth's mining operations under a portion of the tow n of West Bremwich. At the trial, whEich took place at Stafford, before Mr. Justice CresswelL at the lst assizes, the plaintiff obtained a verdict for 2,5001. damages. The question now turned upon the constraction of the est Bromwich Encl6sure Act, 180L Mr. AI -mE-rn, Q.C., and Mr. P=rrsoxN now showed cause against the rule, which was supported by Sir F. KELLY, Mr. WiLATELY, Q.C., Mr. Ke'rn& , Q.C., anid MTr. SoIErnSEr. The CoURT hela that the action could be sustained, an discharged the rulo to enter a nonsuit. JSUINESS OF THE COUIRT. Lord CA51rFELL said that, as he was informed there wore but three cases in the Crown Paper, the Court, on Wednesday next, after hearing those cases argued, would proceed with the cases in the New Trial Paper. BAIL COURT. (Sittings ert 2isi Prius, before M7r. .TtICC WIGUfAN and Common Juries.) CA5WTrOrnSE V. COWAN AND ANOTDXn. 3L. Edward James and Mr. Cross were counsel for the plaintiff; and Mr. X Chambers and Mr. F. H. Lewis for the defendant. This wasc an action for false imprisonment. The defendants, Messrs J. and P. Cowan, of Shadvell, were owners of a small ressel, of which the plaintiff was appointed master in Septemaber, 1854, on the terms that he should pay the wages of tho crew, receiving two-thirds of the rnet freight. In the month of December he wrote from Jerey, where the vessel then was, expresaing his wish:to give up the command. 3r. Phineas Cowan in consequence proceedod to Jersey, and took up the veseL Onsutthling accounts it appeared there was a -sum of 111. Zis ta. duc to the crew, for which the plainti w liable Hle offered defendants a promissorynotefoa tixe amoult, shtingholhadthennoimeans of raisin" the r pey. This,, offer was refused; on the 21st of Decenber he 'as nrrest.< at the suit of Mr. Cowan for this debt; hi "er.ain prison in Ttrpe y uitil thgt month of liY , zx l Q
COURT OF EFlVmnATTvD T._ THAL-P. vr RT^ru Uix(Lng± at Niszi Prius, WeforW Afr.' raon ALDSOl ^:- and Common Juries.\ i'sr. ush appeard for the plaintiff. The defendant did nt ppear. sthis was anaction brought for the purpose of recovering a.,sursof 221. 12s. for goods supplied. The defendant peaded that at the period the goods were supplied he was an irfant. The plaintiff, in his replication, said the goods were necessaries. It appeared that the plaintiff was an upholsterer, and some time in last year the defendant had come to him and purchased several articles of household furniture, stating that- e was a married man, and that he should receive a suns of 2C01. in two mouths -when he should become ofage Be took the plaintiff to his solicitor and his mother, who both said that statement was true. He had then supplied the goods, but upon applying for payment he had en mot by the present defence to the action. The plaintiff was caUed in support of this statement, and, after reading a list of the articles supplied, among which was a shaiugbrush- -M1r. Baron AL DmSO-S.-Was a shavingbrush a nece-sary fo-r an infant? .The Plaintiff.-I don't think it was, my Lord. -Mr. Baron ALDERSON`.-WVe, I think the amount of your claim must be the amount of the verdict. - The Jury then returned a verdict for the amount claimed. AUSTIT V. AUSTLN. * hlr. Needham and Mr. Francis appeared for the plaintiff, aud -Mr. CoUier and Mr. Hodges for the defendant. This was an action brought to recover compensation in damages for an assault. The defendant pleaded " Not Guilty" and that the plaintiff was making a noise at the defendant's office, and, upon his refusing to leave, the defendant had put his hands upon him for the purposo of puttin him out. The -paantifr who was caled, stated that he had been formnerly in an attorney's office, but the defendant, a builder and a cousin of the plaintiff, in the course of last year requested hinm to become his clerk. On the 1st of March last a slight quarrel took place between them, upon which the defendant commenced a violen assault upon him and trewhis down. His neck was strained, his coat was torn and made dusty, and his ancle sprained. He had to apply a cold lotion tio his feet. Mfr. Baron ALD>ERssos..-You washed your feet, I suppose, in cold water. In his cross-examination the plaintiff denied that he was intoxicated. Mr. Baron ALDRmso.-Well, now you have proved Four case the damages you will get are such as you may put in your eye without seeing much the worse for it. The defence was that the defendant had engaged the plaintiff out of compassion as clerk, and had spoken to him several times about neglecting his work and getting drunk. On the occasion in question the plaintiff made a great noise and appeared drunk. As there were agreat many of the defendant's men about, thedefendant requested the plaintiff to leave, upon which the latter endeavoured to throw him down. A scufUfe ensued and they both fell. The plaintiff then went out without complaining of any injuries. Mr. Baron ALDEssox, in summing up, said if they Thought the plaintiff was entitled to a verdict the jury would consider very smaU d.amages to be sufficient. If they, however, thought it was a mere accidental scuffle and fal, they would return a verdict for the defendant. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff with l01. damages.
COUBT OF BANKRUPTCY, Basinghal-sfreet, June 2. s RBE MAK BOYD. (Beforc- Mr. COmmSiuncr FA£Y .I The bankrapt was a stock and share broker of No. 4, New Bank-buildings.. He also traded in partnership with hisbrother under the firm of Benjamin and Mark Boyd. The accounts, which have been already published in extenro in Tie Timer, show sabstantially the following results:The debts of Mark Boyd are35,634., the assets being 1,570g. The debts of B. and M. Boyd are 7,6581., the assets being about Z500. The bankrapt further takes credit for a claim of 37,4004. on the Royal Bank of Australia, stated to be principally forcomnissiononissuingthedeposit notes of the bank, but which claim is altogether denied by the Royal Bank. The bankrupt is further indebted 70,0004. on account of produce received from Australia, to meet which there are no assets, except those already mentioned. The Royal Bank of Australia claims to be the creditor for this 70,0004. On the other hand, the bank. rupt, while admitting that he is indebted in that sum to some one on account of consignments received from his brother while managing director of the Royal Bank in Australia, cannot state who is his creditor for the samewhether Benjamin Boyd (supposed by him at the time to be deceased) in his private capacity, or as chairman and maanager of the Royal Bank. F This was the certificate meeting. Mn. Roxburgh and Mr. Harris appeared for the assignees (one of whom is the official manager of the Royal Bank of Australia); Mr. Lawrance appoared for the bankrupt. Mr. J. W. Sutherland, of Croydon (erxamined) said he was the deputy chairman of the Royal Bank of Australia. B. and 3L Boyd were its brokers, and were allowed a commassion of one-half per cent. per annum upon the sale of its debentures. The debentures were not paced in their handsfor any other purpose than selling as brokers Benjamin Boyd went to Australia inl141, after which the bank had its transactions here with Mark Boyd only. The Counsssio.NER.-As long as the firm of B. and M. Boyd existed the transactions must be said to have been with the firm. Examination continued.-The bank stopped payment at the end of 1848 or beginning of 1S49. No account was ever rendered by him to the hank after the be; -ning of 1849. Had given no order to the bankrupt after tat time, and all communication had ceased, except. there might have been one or twc private meetings as andividuals. M1ark Boyd bad saia in November last that his brother was dead. He wrote to him the letter produced:- " 45, Cambridge-terrace, Hyde Park, Nov. 21. "Dear Sir,-An interval of repose being permitted me from more pressing affairs, I take the earliest opportunity of addressing you on a subject which for some time past has given much pain to myself and other members of my family-viz., the fact which I have learnt, that you have not hesitated to assert, among my late brother's friends, and other quarters, that yon had no doubt he had voluntarily secluded himself on the savage island of Guadalcanar, to avoid the responsibilities hanging over him, and that he was still alive. "Iam unwillingatpresenttocharacterizethemotiveswhich could have suggested such a statement until I hear further from yourself on the subject; but I cannot but deplore that any feeling should have induced you to hazard such an assertion, and one so injurious to my brother's memory, without having had more substantial ground than any circumstance of which I am aware could possibly have fur. nished you. "The statement in question has occasioned me the greatest astonishment, as none can be better aware than yourself of the public and private efforts made by myself and other members of my family to elucidate my brother's fateefforts in which he enlistedthe sympathies and assistance of foreign Governments and of our own, as wellas ofthe whole mercantile marine of the United States;* while the newspapers of the day must have also informed you of the interest excited and the steps taken more recently by the colonists of Australia with a similar object. "Those exertions were continued so long as the most slender hope remained of my brother's existence ; but as there nowv, unfortunately, can be no doubt of the fact of his murder, while your statement to the contrary meets me in quarters where my interests at this moment may be moast seriously affected, I now caU upon you as a gentleman, and one holding the commission of the peace, to examine the proofs in my possession. " That evidence contains the result of ny communica. tions with the different departments of Her Majesty's Government, and a correspondence with his Grace the Duke of NRorthumberland, the Earl of Malmesbury, and the French Minister of Marine; and also a copy of the advertisement inserted for a period of eight months in the WhaZing Gazette of the United States. Those proceedings were in a great measure dictated by the practical experience of my friend M&.William Fane de Salis, rho hadhimself sailed among the islands of the Solomon group, and was for some time resident n Australia, where he knew my brother. "I shall also submit to you despatches more recently received at the Admiralty from Captain Denham, of Her Majesty's ship Herald, and Captain Fitzgerald, of Her Majesty's ship Calliope, and also an account of an expe. dition lately despatched to Guadalcanar by the colonists of New South vales, who subscribed upwards of 1,0004. for the purpose. " Under such circumstances, therefore, I feel that I can chalenge calumny, wherever emanating; and, as I have no doubt that, as a nian of honour, you will feel that it becomes you to take the earliest opportunity of removing the erroneous impression which you have so injuriously circulated, I request that you will inform me as early as possible at what tim-e you can make it convenient to meet me for an inspection of the several documents to which I have referred, and of which I enclose you a list. " I am, dear Sir, youlrs faithfully, "MAnnBOx-n. "J. W. Sutherland, Esq., Combe, Croydon. ,'Papers counected with the Death of Mr. Benjamin "Boyd "1. Colonial Secretary of New South Wales ; his letter to Mr. R. Campbell, January 31, 1852. " 2. The same ; letter to Mr. Robert Campbell, dated February 9, 1852. " 3. The same; letter to Mr. Campbell, February 12, 1852. " 4. Mr. Samuel Browning; copy of his letterto Colonial Secretary, January 31, 1852. " 5. Colonial Secretary; copy of his letter to Mr. Browning, February 3, 1852. " 6. The same; copy of his letter to M1r. Browning, February 9, 1852. "' 7. Mr. Browning ; copy of his letter to Colonial Secre. tary, February 12, 1852. "S. Mark Boyd; copv of his letter to his Grace the Duke of Northumberland, First Lord of the Admiralty, April 12, 1852. "9. His Grace's note to M. Boyd, April 12, 1852. "10. Mark Boyd; copy of his letter to the Duke, April 26, 1852. "11. Captain the Hon. F. Pelham, R.N., Admiralty letter to M. Boyd, April 27,1852. " 12. WiliamFane de Salis, Esq.; his letter toMark Boyd, April, 1852. " 13. J. H. Hay, Esq., Admiralty; his letter to M. Boyd, April 80, 1852. " 14. Mark Boyd, copy of his letter to the Earl of ALalmes. bury, June 3,1852. " 15. CaptainDeanham, R.N., Her Mfajesty's ship Herald - copy of his instructions from the Admiralty respecting Benjamin Boyd, dated May 18, 1852. " 16. H. Ml. Addington, Esq., Foreign-office; his letter to M. Boyd; June 9, 182. "17. Mark Boyd, copy of his letter to the Earl of Malmesbury, Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign AffaIrs, June 11, 1852. "118. Lord Stanley, Foreign-office; his letter to M. Boyd, Juily 30, 1852. " 19. Official notification of United States' Navy Department relative to 2Mr. Benjamin Boyd, dated Washington July 7, 1852, and contained in Lord Stanley's letter. tony of the WThaling Gazette, of the United States; dated October 10, 1852. "20. Captain Hamilton, R.N., Secretary to the Adniralty; letter to MI. Boyd, September 5, 153. " 21. Mark Boyd, copy of his letter to Captain Hamilton, September 10, 1853. "s22. Captain Haamilton, R.N., Secretary to the Admiralty; letter to M. Boyd, October 29, 1853. " 23. John Barrow, Esq., Admiralty; lettez5 to M. Boyd, October 153, 18753. "'24. The same, to M. Boyd; October 29, 1853. "2.5. Captain Hamilton, R.N., Secretary to the Admiralty; letter to ML Boyd, November 22, 1853. " 26, Commander Hammet, R.N., Her Majesty's ship Serpent; copy of his despatch to the Admiralty, dated June 21, 1853, after visitng Guadalcanar. " 27. M. Boyd; copy of his letter to Captain Hamilton, November 23, 1858. "28. Lieutenant John D'Arcy, R.N.I Her Majesty's ship Hesald; his letter to MA Boyd, June 19, 1855. " 29. B. Boyd; copies of two notices for the perusal of captains of vessels making the Island of San Cristoval, dated September 16 and October 6, 1851, a fortnight previous to his murder, written in his own hand and left with the missionaries. The originals are in Captain Denham's possession, they are dated Makera-bay, San Christoval. "30. Mr. Osborne, M.P., Secretary of the Admiralty; letter to M. Boyd, August 15,1855. " 31. Captain Fitzgerald, R.N., Her Majesty's ship Calliope; his letter to the Admiralty, datediPort Philip, February 29,185 l . X "432. Mr. 'Osborne, M.P., Secretary of the Admiralty; letter to Mr. Boyd, October 4, 1855. "1 33. Captain Denham, R.N., Her Majesty's ship Herald; his despatch to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated Port Jackson, May 21, 185-55. "34. The same; copy of his proceedings between Novemher 24, 18-54, and January 9, 185.5, at Guadalcanar. "I35. M. Boyd; copy of his letter to the Secretary of the Admniralty, August 4, lSao "36. John Barrow, Esq.; his letter to M. Boyd, October 4,1855. "37. Benjamin Boyd; the last letter received by his family from him, and supfosod to be the last he ever wrote to them, dated Hi) Beron s Bay, Ovvyhee, July 7,1851. "an38. Catntain Denham's hydrorraphic notice to the Admiralty, ini which he refers to B. w toyd. "139. Sketch of Her Majesty's ship Serpent's tra-ck to Guadalcanar in her voyage respecting B. Boyd. "140. Notarial copy of extract of log of the Wanderer, and affidavit of Mr.-John Webster, now of Auckland, New Zealand, taken in London before the Lord Mayor in 185:4, containing an account of the conffict with the natives of Guadalcanar at the time of my brother's capture." The bankrupt had told him about 1843-4 that something had been received from Australia. He believed the bankrupt told him so, and that a great part of the funds should be sent to Australia. Coaninssio.nm.-I am not going to listen to what passed at a desultory conversation, If you wish to0 state any particular facts I will hear them. Mr. HARsms said, the transactions were of an unusual character and the question was necessary. '0O I'SoN9AB.-My mind is in that stae of confuion that I am unable to know what your questions can point to without a statement of your objects. Mlr. HARRIS said, his object was to show that the bank2upt had undertaken to communicate with the bank, and had failed to do so. After some further evidence, CoMmIssioSNE.-I cannot follow all this. Mr. HEnsrss.-The absence of counsel must be my excuse if the examination be not all that could be desired. Co3snSsbIosxcR.-We are not to wait the convenience of counseL Mr. HAnRi-.-It is an act of courtesy sometimes extended. The bankrupt has received from Australia consign. ments in respect of which he admits there is a balancoe of 70,0001. and upwards. In one part the bankrupt admits that this sum is due to his brother, and in another he affirms that he does not know to whom it is due. CoN3M2ssIoNiR.-How can I compel him to make admissions in this respect ? Mr. HARIUS.-The bankrupt has stated that he offered consignments to the bank here, and that the bank refused them; and the bankrupt now says that he does not know to 'whom he is legally indebted for the consignments. CoMMIssioNER.-That is the alleged offence? Mfr. HARRIs.-The charge is, that these consignments were not offered to the bank except in one instance. CoannssiosER.-Then the charge is, that he has made a false statement? Mr. HARRis.-That is what it comes to. Examination of Mr. Sutherland continued.-The bankrnpt never offered these consignments. He recollected one occasin on which the bankrupt was asked what he was going to do with certain consignments The bankrupt did not offer anything,but said his brother wished them to be invested in thepurchase of slops forconsignment to Australia. He understood that the whole of the proceeds of the consignments had been absorbed. Was not aware until afterwards that consignments had been received by the bankrupt to the amount of 183,0001; was perfectly ignorant of it. Was not aware that the. bankrupt had to account for 132,0Q01. of these consignments. Was in the habit of meeting the bankrupt at the board of directors of the Royal Bank. The bankrupt never saidhewasinthereceiptofconsignments,or he (witness)would have claimed them. The receipt of those consignments might have prevented the stoppage of the hank. HIe attended most of the meetings of the directors, and he should have known if the bankrupt had mentioned them. Was frequently at Mr. Boyd's office. He never asked to see the bankrupt's books there, and never did see them. Coisassssaossm.-You knew that BenJamin Boyd had gone to Australia with large funds, and that the funds would be invested in property? Witness anticipated so. Was aware that Benjamin Boyd had taken a small consignment of his own to the amount of, perhaps, 20,0001. CommissioxxEn.-I should have thought that a large consignment. Did you suspect that Benjamin Boyd had made returns ? Witness-No. lie was told what consignments Benjamin Boyd had made were for borrowed money. He knew that he had returned consignments. He asked the bankrupt about them, and was told that they belonged to Boyd, Brothers. Co3nmIssiosxER.-Boyd, Brothers; who were they? Witness.-A firm established by Benjamin Boyd in Australia. Co,aiussiosxE.-'Under those circumstances, you never asked to look at the books ? Witness.-No. Never considered himself authorized to do so. During the consignments from 1842 to 1848 nothing occurred to cause him to suspect that Mark Boyd was receiving consignments. Always understoodi AMiarkj Boyd to say that Benjamin Boyd had overdrawn his account. If he had known that Mark Boyd had received consignments to the amount of 183,0001. lie would have inquired after them. COMnUSSIONER.-If Benjamin Boyd was the agent of the bank during this time you had a right to inquire. Why did you not inquire? Witness,-If he bad known that any consignments were being recived from Benjamin Boyd he would have inquired. The first he heard of consignments was, that some had been received, and that his brother wished them to be returned in " slops." Bankrupt had acknowledged that the first consignment received belonged to the bank. Coxs1xssio-sEB.-It seems rather odd that Mark Boyd should bave said he had received consignments. It is imporsible to rely upon Mr. Sutherland's recollection of what took place 15 years ago. Examination continaed.-The result of the business was, that the bankrupt told him on tba suspension of payment by the bank that he (bank;rupt) had been overdrawn by his brother. By Mr. LAw,R.ANcE.-Bankrupt did not name the amount overdravn-did not say 26,0001. was the amount. Would swear positively that he never before heard of the bankrup/t having receivedconsignments to the amountof 183,0001. Had heard of MIr. Borthwick's report about 1849. The report was printed in 1849, but he never saw it. It was withdrawnfrom circulation. He understood that that report professed to go into all matters connected with the Royal Bank of Australia-from its formation to its suspension. He was acting chairman of the bank during all this time. He was one of the directors who, in1848, joined in executing the power of attorney which had resulted in the release produced. There was no authority to warrant the release produced. Mr. Sprott Boyd went to Australia with the said powers of attorney. By Mr. HARuis.-Mr. Sprott Boyd went out specifically to release Benjamin Boyd on his giving up property. Nvo property was given up. Mr. HAfP>RiS here put another question, upon which the Coararssio,sEn remarked that if he went on asking these questions he would quit the court, and decide the question of certificate elsewhere. Mr. John Conell examined, said,-He was formerly a director of the Royal Bank of Australia. If Mark Boyd had offered consignments he would have heard of the offers. He remembered one occasion-in 1843-when he said he had received consignments, and he wished to take tho directions of the board of directors of the bank in respect to them. This was about two years after Benjamin Boyd went out. The bankrupt then said he had received certain consignments of wool from Australia. Ho understood him to ask for instructions from the board in respect to these consignments. He remembered a director (Mr. Webster) saying on that occasion, "What have we to do with wool? we arebankers; wearenotwool merchants." Itwas then understood that Mark Boyd shouldsellthewoolandhand over to the bank the proceeds. He believed that he and other directors so understood. Did net know whether the bankrupt did hand over the proceeds. The bankrupt never rendered an account of this consignment or of any other. He paid money from time to time to the bank, but he never rendered any account of the consignments. The bankrupt was at the time a director of the bank, and the occurrence referred to took place at a meeting of the board. By Mr. HARRIS.-In 1848-9 he understood from the bankrupt that he was largely overdrawn by his brother. He never asked bankrupt for particulars of consignments, as he never considered that he was the agent of the bank, further than as its broker for disposing of its deposit notes. Some persons called these deposit notes debentures. The first time he heard of the amount of consignments received by the bankrupt from Australia was after the bankruptcy. Mr. Borthwick had made a report at the instanee of the North British Insurance Company, who were large creditors. Had never read that report. Could not get it. By Mr. LA,Vwr.A;cE.-Mr. Borthwick came to the banlk and saw the directors frequently, and everything was open to him. Mr. Borthwick went fully into the affairs of the bank, and every information was given to him. Mr. Ray, the then manager, was directed to give him that information. By Mr. HAnRis.-The correspondence of the bank with Benjamin Boyd in Australia was very limited. He wrote very seldom, and the directors complained of it. By Mr. LAwfBascx.-Benjamin ZBoyd was superseded by 3ir. Sprott Boyd. Mtr. Sprott Boyd was no relation to BenJamin Boyd, and the directors sent him to bring Benjamin Boyd to account. By the Co5Isssio.xEs.-Benjnamin Boyd (with whom was Mr. Robinson) went out as the chairman of the bank to establish the bank there, and Mr. Sutherland was the deputychairman durig his absence. Benjamin Boyd was tho founder of the bank and its chairman here, and its chairman there till superseded. The bank was established in 1840. By Mfr. LAWxAxNCE.-Remembered a meeting of proprietors of the bank in July, 1846, when the report produced, speaking of the intelligence both of Mr. Benjamin Boyd and M1r. Robinson, and of their very judicious management, and concluding with a vote of the warmest thanks to them, was unanimously adopted. It was his opinion at this time that there were ample securities held by Mr. Benjamin Boyd to meet all claims upon the bank, and, believing him to be a person of great experience and intelligence, they were desirous to retain hiis services to the last. Hlis conscientious belief to the last was that the bank was in a position to pay all claims upon it. But for that the deposit notes would not have been issued. By Mr. HAiRsS.-The report of 1846, as referred to, was drawn up in London by Mr. Ray, upon information communicated by Benjamin Boyd and Mr. Robinson, and the bank had no other source of information open to it. Mr. Sprott Boyd went out in 1847. The CoinussioNWm-Why inquire into aU this? Mr. HARRIs.-I want to give you the dates. The Cwenrssio.NER.-Well, you may go on if you think necessary to do so. I wiU listen with disgust. Co on. Examcination continucd-Mr. Browning went out in 1349 to supersede Mr. Sprott Boyd. The bankrupt, examined by Mr..RoxnwRau, said,-His cashbook produced contained an entry on the 17th of March, 1855, of cash from Mr. Ashurst, 1,0007. That cash was received on the 20th of March, and not on the 21st. Had no doubt that entry was correct. He thought he might undertake to say so-to say that the money was received on the 20th. That cash came into his hands on the morning of the adjudication of bankruptcy. He received the bill on the 17tb, for which he received cash on the 20th of March. The 1,0001. was the produce of an accepted bill of exchange from Australia. Theparticulars were these: - HIebegantothink that 3Mr. Harris was serious as to making him a bankrupt. Hiethereupon determined th efollowin gmorn. ing to have the business of B. and M. Boyd as stock-brokers put inorder. As that bill was in his bill-case he determined, fearing that before the day closed he might be declared a bankrupt, to ask his friend the Hon. A. Betre to give him cash for the bill of 1,0001., which he did. Mr. RoxBuRGn.-You paid the 1,0001. in to your bankers? Bankrupt.-No, I did not. I think we used it. Mr. RoXBuGII.-I think you are right Exammation continued.-Had the bill three davs. Gave a 1X0001. debenture note of the Royal Rank of Australia for it, on which there were six years' interest due. COAMsrSSIONsM.-Tnat seems strange. Eexamination continued.-Was aware at this time that an order had been made upon the Royal Bank to pay the debenture notes with interest. Had had the 1,0001. debenture in hisrpossession seven or eight vears. Had similarly disposed of another 1,0001. note, having six years' interest due u nit, to a Mr. Hudson for 1,0001. This was on the 26th o Februa, 185. He gave up the interest. Had had that note in his possession not less than seven years. Sold another debenture note for 1,400!. t) Mr, Wood on the 15th of March, 1855, being Lve days bgfoxe the bankruptcy. Gave up the interest on that note also. That tnote bad -been in his possession the samneperiod. Thes notes bad been at various times pledged to vArious clients as security for moneys. Mr. ROXBURGIL-Name an instance of such a pledge. hianng been given. Bankrupk-Cannot recollect the instance. Yes. In the case of Sir James Dunlop, of the Guards. Money was held. Sir James got a step without purcha e, so that he did not require the 6001. for which he held the debenture, and Dr. Scott-in whose possession the debenture was-thus held 6C07. more the was entitled to. Dr. Scott had given up the 600. on being applied to. By Mfr. LwRA;cN-Had been in buness as a stockbroker since 1824, during which period his transactionshad been very extensive. When clients left money in his hands for a sa6rt period he used to deposit securities in the form of these dtbenture notes, for wlhich he had given value. A section of the shareholders of the Royal Bank bad repudiated-their liability on these debentures untilthe decision of Lord Campbell, in ADril, 154 COMM5SION ER.-Then, they were good at the time you rarted with themr? Bankrupt.-He had been for years endeavouring to I bring all parties to an arrangement in respect to them. There was a feelin- in Scotland to throw over the interest, to leave it out of tee question. He believed in some instances the shareholders of the bank had paid interest- in others Mr. Wryghte, the official manager, had made for I themna betterbargain. He thoughtit would ill become him, as one of the directors of the bank, to insist upon receivin interest. He thought it very hard that creditors of the firm of B. and IL Boyd should suffer. He believed the deposit notes referred to to be their property, and he used the proceeds for that urpose-he wanted to clear up the accounts of the firm. He acted as he did in this matter under the advice of a very emihent member of the bar. Mr. ROXBURGos said, the advice should be produced and 1he name of the eminent counsel be also given. CoaLInssIosER.-It does not signify two pins who the gentlemian was. Mr. ROXBUxGH.-Such advice may not have been given. COhSSIO1NER.-You can examine the bankrupt if you wish to know the name of the eminent counseL Mr. LtA-vnmAcE (to banklupt).-The gentleman was a Queen's counsel? Bankrupt.-Yes Co0rssIo?smER.-A shifting of responsibility will not benefit the bankrupt. If I cannot punish the counsel for giving such advice, that isno reason rwhy I should not punisa the bankrupt for acting upon it. Mr. ROnsusnsss (to the banikrupt).-Did you prefer the claim of 43,0001. upon the hank under the advice of the eminent counsel ? Witn ess.-Had made the affidavit produced in support of that claim. When he received the 1,000W from Mr. Ashurat, he told him that in all probability he would get the interest upon the debenture. Mr. Ashurst was aware of the position of the bank, and the debenture was as good as an lxehequer-bilL MIr Ashurst merely gave him the money for the debenture to oblige him. Mtr. Ashurst was a gentleman who had made his fortune in Australia, and recently settled in London as a merchant. Knew that Mr. Ashurst had sued the official manager of the bank for 1,00l., and interest. M1r. RoxunRGn proceeded to state that Lord Campbell had decided against the claim upon the shareholders of the Royal BanL, with a remark that it was decidedly a fraudulent preference, and that Mr. Ashurst could give no better title than if he had received the bill from one who hadstolen it. Mr. LAwaRANcE objected to such a statement, which was not evidence. Mr. ROXBURGHa submitted that the certificate of the bankrupt must be wholly refused. A worse case could not be imaginedL The bankrupt commenced business in 1827r and he represented in his balance-rbeet. that he had in 184 a capital of 19,000L. But how wa; that' capit;al made' up? 9,636!. consisted of a debzt on-lag to him by his father, and not one penny of w hich ever had been receivedor ever would be received. 3,G007. consisted of claims upon persons who never had been, and never were' supposed tobe. worth a shilling. The bankrupt could not,under that JA .'f things, have taken credit for a capital of more hall somie 2,0001., but his assets at that time included a. niulber of shares in a company to the amount of 5,000!., and in whiclh shares the bankrupthad sworn he had never dealt. The value of these shares was put down as " a guess." There was no doubt but the bankrupt was in debt at this time, instead of possessing a capital of 15,000l. He confessed that the only means his father had of paying the 9,6364. was some service that he had rendered to the United Kingdom Life Assurance Company. In this position of affairs a scheme was concocted by the bankrupt and his brother to form a bank. Mr. LAwvwR.AeLc-There is no evidence of this. Mr. JIoXBuRGH must affirm that the bank was concocted by Benjamin Boyd, a man like the bankrupt. Both the brothers were promoters and directors of the bank. They were also its brokers. They were, in fact, its head and tail. Finding that shai4holders and capital did not come in sufficiently, and that there was only a paid-up capital of 11,000L, debenture notes were issued to the amount of between 300,000!. and 400,000. One of the parties signing those notes was MarkBoyd, who now claimed a commission for selling them. W"hat became of the 3(0,0002. thus raised ? All the money went to Benjamin Boyd. CoAnasIsSIONEn.-Vhat ! Benjamin Boyd, the borrower of 300,0001.? I have no statement to this effect. Mtr. ROXBu'RG.-Such was the fact. Benjamin Boyd took out with him 200,000. of the capital of the shareholders, or capital raised upon debentures, for which they were responsible, and for which both B. and Xi Boyd were, as directors of the bank, virtually trustees. The impression] of the directors was that Benjamin Bovd was the person who i had inflicted all this mnischief, but wvhen they found that Mark Boyd had received from him consignments of 183,000!., and appropriated the balance (75,000Z) to his own uses, they could not imputo all the blame to him. The bankrupt had not made a single communication to the bank that he had received a shilling of consignments, whereas he had altogether been in receipt of consignments to the amount of 200,0007 Men had been thereby ruined, and calls made upon shareholders, for which there would have been no occasion had the bankrupt acted properly. It was idle to say there had been any agreement with his brother, as now alleged. The pea was only placed under a different thimble, as occasion mtight seem to require. The bankrupt and his brother, as trustees of the shareholders, had grossly abused their trust. Co0nuso.ssoN .-They cannot be called trustees. MIr. ROXBURGm-The Master of the Rolls had been of a different opinion. He had held that directors were trustees, as in the ease of the Eastern Counties Railway Company and Mr. Hudson. If B. and XL Boyd had acted properly, instead of the unfortunate shareholders being called upon to pay 100!. per share in addition to the 221. upon each share previously Laid, the bankwould not have had to stop payment. What had become of all the money? Mark Boyd said he owed 70,0007. on one account, and he had not paid a single shilling upon the calls on his own shares. That was left to the unfortunate shareholders, who had been ruined. The banlrupt had opened fictitious accounts with fictitious persons. There was the firm of Boyd. Brothers; there was also the Australian Wool Company, and which had consisted of Benjamin Boyd. The only firm in the Australian Wool Company consisted of an engraved plate and debentures of the company. The debentures of the Wool Corapany had been given to the Royal Bank in exchange for its debentures, and everything had been mixed up in such a state of confusion that it was impossible for any one to unravel the mystery. All that could be got fiom the bankrupt was that he was indebted to some one 73,0001., and which money he had spent. From 18IO to 1845 he had not said a word of a claima against the company for commission, nor was there any such entry in his boolks. Then a claimn of 37,000!. was set up to make things square. To change a commission of debentures issued by himself from Ids own own office was an after-thought. A further sum of 51,000L was said to have been the amount of the bankrapt's personal expenditure in less than 15 years. or at the rate or about 4,000!. a-year. Since the stoppage of the bank the expenditure of the bankrupt had been at the rate of 2,000!. a-year. During nearly the whole of this time the bankrutpt was a bachelor, living in Bankbuildings, and the remainder of the period a married man without family, and with a wife possessed of an independent income. Con5sisseoNEB (to the bankrupt).-Had you no other residence when a bachelor than in Bank-buildings? Bankrupt.-A cottage in Kent. Mr. IAWAascE.-The bankrupt took an active part in colonial matters, and Bank-buildings was the resort of eminent personages, including Ministers of State. Mr. Rox0BURGH continued.-The bankrupt was not justified in entertaining Ministers of State at the expense of the shareholders of the Bank of Australia. The bankrupot had further been guilty of gross misrepresentation: he had represented to Mr. Borthwick that his brother was his debtor to the amount of 26,0004. at a time when (as was now alleged) ho was a creditor for 75,0001. Mr. Sutherland had paid 27,000l. on account of the bank. But at that late hour he felt himself physically unable to address the Court at the requisite length. On the grounds offalse entries in books, fraudulent preferences in six or seven cases, misrepresentations to Mr. Borthwick, and others, and excessive expenditure, it would be his duty to pr,ess for a total refusal of certificate. ir. JJARAN CE said, he could not resist an adjournment, after the learned counsel had put it on the ground of physical exhaustion, at that hour. His HONOUR then ordered an adjournment for a week.
IASOLVENT DEBTORS' COUBT, Junc 2. IF RE JORN LYONS T'LE:OD- (Before Mfr. C,nn1iSmioner PnmTMP.CA 'Tms insolvent, a lieutenant in the Royal Navy, who had been the promoter of the Civil Service, Mliners, and General Assurance and Investment Association, and also the Ancient Order of Foresters' Freehold Land Society, applied under the Protection Act. Mr. Serjeant Thomas and Mr. Reed opposed for Mr. Harvey, builder, at Pimlico - and Mr. Sargood supported. The case was before the Court on Saturday, and occupied nearly the whole day. It was resumed this mornin. The complaint against the insolvent was that he had contracted a debt by fraud with the opposing creditor. The insolvent was the managing director of the two companies mentioned, and took offices in the Old Jewry. He attributed his insolvency to the failure of the companies. In 1854 he employed Mr. Harvey to fit up the premises in the Old Jewry at a cost of 2001., for which Mr. Harveyhad sued the insolvent and some of the other directors. A prospectus of the Civil Service Company was produced, and the capital was described as 100,0001. in 100,000 shares of ll. each. The insolvent said he expected a large remuneration from the concern; but only one person took share3. An execution was put into the premises for some furniture, and hewas " shelved," hesaid,by the directors, and theaffair ended. Since then he had been to Canada as a master mnarner, and had late'.yobtadned the appxointment from Lord C3arendon as British Consul at Moroambique on the coast of Africa, the salary of which 'was 5001. with liberty to trade. The creditor stated that the isolvent told him he could get him the work to do for the company, but the insolvent, on bIu oath, alleged that the credit 'was given solely to him, To-day several 3etters nritten, to axMrs. Oldham, with N%hom the insolvent had lived, and who had passed by his name, were put in evidence, and ill one of them he told her he was only liable for onesixth; -These letters were addressed to his " Dea- Annie," mnd it appeared that Mra Oldham had given them to the attorney for the opporing creditor, the insolvent having broken off his connexior with her and marxied another person. An- objection was taken to the admissibility of' such letters, but tha Court allowed them to be read; and, cn the part of the insolvent, his counsel complained that they had been disgracefally obtained to ruin the insolvent'in his appointment as ConsuL An application was made for an adjonrment to mneet the case. A long discussion took place on the question of adjourn. ruent. lhe learned Commissioner declined to grant one for three weeks, and counsel for the creditor said there was no guarantee for the insolvent's appeirance on the next occasion. Mr. Harvey said he was willing to take his debt in three or fou years with security; and, on the part of the 'msolvent, it was alleged that the object of the opposition was to destroyhis prospects inthe appointment as Consul. UJltimately the case w-as adjourned with protection to Thursday to answer the complaint, or to effect a settlement with the opposing creditor.
POLICE. GUITATT.-Mary Blewitt, adoll manufacturer, residing at No. 1, Nelson-square, Blackfiars-road, appeared at the bar in discharge of her bail, on remand, charged with beinunlawfully in possession of a quantity of llama cloth, wei knowing the same to be stolen. On the lat examination it appeared that the London premises of Messrs. Fyfe and Co., of Glasgow, in Iawrancelane, were broken mnto on the night of the 17th of December last, and about 1201 worth of cloth were stolen. Information was given to the police, and they discovered that pieces of cloth, resembling in quality that which had been stolen, had been pledged at different pawnbrokers all over London. On the 2uth of May Gayler, a detective officer, stopped two women ia Bridge.street, Blackfriars, and took from them a p ioce of cloth, which they had just redeemed from a pawnbroker's in Shoreditch. Mrs. Adams, one of the women in question, stated that she bought the ticket of the cloth some weeks before, and had sold it again, and had that day taken it out for the person to whom the ticket then belonged. Other witnesses were called, -who deposed to having pledged numerous pieces of cloth for the prisoner-some in Wslworth, some in the Edgeware-road, and some in various other parts of London. Evidencw was produced to show that the prisnner's husband was present when the goods came into the house. Gayler informed his Worship there were upwards of 700 pledges discovered, and about 25 of them had been pewned by a young woman named Alker, who was in the prisoner's employ. , Mr. Lewis, jun., for the prisoner, contended that she could not be held responsible, for, supposing the evidence to be as stated, and assuming that she knew the goods were stolen, her husband was at home when they came into the house, and all her acts both then and subsequently were under his direction and controL * The worthy ALDERm.L5N considered that some further inquiry was necessary before he adjudicated upon the case, and therefore remanded it, admitting the prisoner to bail on the same sureties as before. WoRs r-sTrnEErT-oh1 Lessy, described:as a Frenchpolisher, was charged -ith assault and robbery. An elderly lady m mcGi Graham, residing in Red Lion. square, Holborn, and ane of whose eyes was severely contased, stated:-.I vas passing through Shoreditch at 3 o'clock yesterday zfternoon, in company of my daughter, v.hose infant I was carrying, when I noticed the prisoner standing on the other side of the way. He crossed the road, and, as I saw him coming, I can sswear he is the man. I was just in the act of placing the infant into the arms of its mother, when the prisoner stopped, placed himself directly in my way, and, deliberately striking me a most violent blowr in the face with his fist, rapidly snatched off my spectacles, value IL lOs., and ran away. I followed him as well as I could, and was joined by two men, who voluntarilyoffered to capture him andalso ran after him. I never lost sight of the prisoner, whom I succeeded in getting hold of in New Inn-yard; but the two men then, upon pretence of holding bin,, loosened my g of his coat, and all three escaped together. I communicated with the police, to whom I gave an accurate description of the thief, andwhile goingwithltheconstablethroughCthurchstreetat S o'clock in the evening I again caught sight of the prisoner and gave him in charge. Jane Baker, a widow, partiallyconfilmed this evidence, swearing to the prisoner's dress, though not seeing his face, and Marshall, a constable, deposed to the positive manner in which the prosecutrix identified the accused. In answer to the charge, the prisoner said,-I can assure you, Sir, the lady is entirely mistaken. I live up westwards, and was on my return home from Victoria Park when she charged me with this offence. Prosecutrix.-I am certain that he is the man. I had not the slighest suspicion he was about to strike and rob me, but his attention seemed fixed upon me, and I must have noticed him altogether for about three minutes. A gentleman in court upon other business.-I certainly think that I have seen the prisoner latterly at the Thames Police-court. Prisoner.-No; I was never in a police-court before in my life. Mr. D'ErycoURT, however, did not credit this, and ordered him to be committed till that day week for the completion of the evidence. TinA._%s-TheRev. G.C. Smith,betterknown asBoatswain Smith, the itinerant preacher, who has been so of ten taken into custody for causing an obstruction in the public streets, was agDyain brought before Mr. YAanEY, yesterday, charged with obstructing the thoroughfarein UpperEast Smithfield, opposite the London dock. T'he rev, gentleman, whenever he has appeared at this court, has always inflicted a sermon on the magistrates, who have invariable treated him with the greatest indulgence. To prevent this, Mr. Yus.x2 no sooner observed the defendant in the dock than he look-ed at the policesheet before him and said to Police-sergeant Egerton, No. 24 H, "You saw the defendant preaching in Upper East Smithfield yesterday aftermoon, and a crowd of persons about him {" Egerton.-Yes, Sir, there was a great obstraction. Two ladies had their pockets picked. Mr. YARDLEY.-Discharge the prisoner. Call on the next case. The aged defendant, who is upwards of 70, and whose once stentorian voice has grown husky and weak, was not to be baulked by the r-use of the magistrate, and commenced as usual -" I am commanded by the great captain of all, my lord and master, Jesus Christ, to go into"- Mr. YARDLEY.-YOU are discharged. The next case. Kent (an officer of the court).- Stand down, Sir. The Rev. Mr. Smith.-"5 The highways and byeways"Mr. Y,ARDLEY.-Leave the court, Mr. Smith. The Rev. Mr. Smith, who would not move an inch, although an officer was pulling at his coat, continued the sentence, "'and preach the Gospel." Mr. Y4BTDLEY.-Now, Mr. Smith, will you let me proceed with the business of the court ? The Rev. Mr. Smith said he was very sorry to give the magistrate so much trouble. The vice and immorality which prevailed in Ratcliff-highway were really dreadful, and the magistrate had had a specimen of it inthe nu erous charges of drankenness and riot and- Mrr. Y.ADLEY.-You are discharged, Mr. Smith. The P.ev. Mr. Smith.-I consider it very cruel to be intarfered with in this manner. I shall apply to the Lords of the Admiralty and to the Lords Archbishops and Bishops. Ratcliff-highway is in a most shocking state, and the neighbourhood all around it is much in the same condition. I am commanded to preach the- Mr. YARDLEY.-Everything in its place, Mr. Smith. I suffer no one to preach here but myself. (Laughter.) The Rev. Mr. Smith was about to address the Magistrate again, when he was pulled forcibly from the dock, and as he passed through the court went on in the same strain as he had done before; and when he had reached the street, in front of the COUrt, made an address to the bystanders, and distributed temperance tracts among them. There were two charges of cutting and wounding yesterday, and cases of stabbing in the district have increased to a frightful extent. In the case of murder by stabbing, committed from this court on Friday by M1r. Selfe, the party accused was a Portuguese seaman. The parties accused yesterday were also foreigners. John Ostun, a Swedish seamen, aged 20, was charged before Mr. YArnDLEY, with cutting and wounding Dennis Cleary and Patrick Mturphy, Irish labourers, and also with stabbing a woman whose name did not transpire. It appeared that the prisoner had met with a loose woman, whom he accompanied to the house of the wounded man, Cleary, in Glasshouse-street, Rosemary-lane, and some words ensued between the prisoner and Cleary, who made an objectionto one of his rooms being let out temporalily to such society. The wounded men endeavoured to remove the prisoner, who took out a knife and attacked them with great fury, cutting one man, Cleary, in a frightfnl manner about the face, and he was sent to the London hospital. Murphy was also severely wounded, and a woman received a stab, and bled copiously. 'When Kelly, No. 130 H, a police-constable, entered the room there were " several pools of blood in it." Kelly said, it was not likely the wounded man in the hospital would be able to leave it for a month, and put in a certificate relating to his dangerous condition. Mr. YARDLEY' remanded the prisoner for a week. James Fredericks, aged 25, and Frederick Silhey, 26, Prussian seamen, were brought before Mr. YARD.Lr charged with assaulting and wbunding Robert Wright and John Paine. It appeared from the evidence that Wright, who is dwelling at No. 2, Shorter-street, Wellclose-square, was passing along Dock-street, when he met the prisoner Fredericks with some other foreign sailos. They pushed against him and shoved him into the roadway. Vright exclaimed,-" Halloa, what are you after," when seven or eight men, all foreigners, came out of a publichouse caUed the Blue Anchor, and attacked him. A running fight took' place, and WVright was defending himself as wvell as he could, when Paine, who is living at 11, Elizabeth-street, St. George's-in-the-east, came up and interfered. Fredericks and three or four others were then beating and kicking Wright. Paine got between them, and a woman came up and said,-" What do you want ?" At the same time the prisoner Sil cey came np and strucki him wvith a penkinife on the eye, and also on the face, which was covered with |plasters. 5he evidence havin" been interpreted to the prisoners, Silboy declared that hxe knew the man wio struck Paine with a knife, hut he never moved fiomu the room he was in, and in which he was arrested wvhile the affray was going Thoinas Redding and Charles MTorley, seamen, swore :ositively to the prisoner Silbey as having stabbedPaine. Mir. YARDLEY remanded the prisoners. SOUTVWARK. - The Mangistrate received yesterday ;is. from " 0. AL M" witha reqnest of an acknorledgment by our reporter. L,xarTBIrT.-Charles Langden, late a waiter at the Floragardeens, WyTdaham-road, Cawuberwl4 was iurther e2amniued before Mr. ETLor on a charge of pasing the forged 5!.- motez. From the evidence it aPpeared, that between the 18th anc 24th of last month the prisoner passed three notes purportng to be for 51. each, but which turned out to be forgeriesthe irstat Mr. Fletcher's, the Camden Ars pubhchoue, in Camberwell NTew-road; the second at Mr. Martin's, the FranceAlbert, in Camden-street, Camberwell New-ro3sand the third at Mr. Woolcock's, the Windmill, in Wynd. Lam-road; aslof whomnknowng him to be a servant in the gardens, and he having represented that the change. was for XMr. Stacey, one of the proprietors, did DCt hesitate to give him the hangie The notes are respectively marlked 94,055, 4,956, and ,40; all dated the 15th of Feoruary, and each bearing the same signature. The defence set up by the prisoner 'was that the noteshae been given to him bya person named Plnmley, who ha-a been formerly enC in the gardens, to get changed, znd who gave him a bs?ing &-piece for doing so; and a remand was reuested to give time for the apprehension of Plumley. The evidence in the above mentioned three cases having been completed the prisoner was conmitted for trial on each; but, at the request of his solicitor, he will be brought up again Edward Vhita'ker, a young fellow, who stood committedI for trial on a charge of brealdng into the dwellinghouse of a lady named Edmonds, in Addington-place, Camberwell, and collectingtogether amassive tea service of plate, fivebeautiful and costly Indian shawls, and other property, for the purpose of carrying them away, was again brought up on a charge of stealing a great-coat from the hall of a gentleman residing in Clapham-park. This case was as clearly established as the last,- and the prisoner, who during the examination conducted himself n a most impudent manner, was fully committed on it. The Magistrate has received from " 2L" 20s., to be forwarded to 3i1rm Wevell, whose husband has deserted her and her family, lOs1 to be sent to Mrs. Jenldns, whose husband was commlitted to prison for six months, from this court, for brutalyusing her; and Bs. for Urs. Wright, whose hnsband was burnt to death in the Crimea.
2TA VAL ALVD MILITABY INTBLEIGNCB. r Majesty's steam-sloop Medea, Commander Edward Peirse, arrived at Spithead yesterday morning, from the West Iudia station, to be paid off. She left Bermuda May the 13th, and experienced on the voyage a heavy gale from Whe S.W. Tne Wes. India station was very unhealthy when she left. Her Maesty's steam-sloop Malcca had lost nine men and two engineers. At Bermuda wvhen she left were Her Majesty's ships Boscawen, 72, Rear-Admiral 'Fanshawe; Powerful, 84, Captain Massie; Pembroke, 60, Captain G. H. Seymour, C.B.; Cornwallis, 60, Captain Wellesley; and the Arab, 12, Captain Ogle. By the Medea, which left St. Thomas's on the Thursday beforo the 13th ult., we learn that the English mail of the 17th mIt. reached St. Thomas's on the morning of the 2d of Zlay. The Royal Mail steamerParana left St. Thomas's cn the 1st ult. Yellow fever was raging at St. Thomas's, part.icularly among the shipping, to an alarming extent; there had been several deaths in the Marine Hospital. Comanon remittent fever and ague were also prevalent among the inhabitants. It was gencrally apprehended that the coming summer would be a very unhealthy one throughout the West Indies. Her Majesty's steam-sloop Buzzard left St. Thomass for Antigua on the 1st ult. The Medea brought home several invalids from the West India squadron. Rear-Admiral Fanshawe was enjoying good lealth. The Medea brought home as passengers Mr. Pearce, kaster, and Mr. Bull, Surgeon, of Her Majesty's ship Arachne; Dr. M'Cullagl, of Her Majesty's ship Termagant; 2ir. Gordon, Chaplain of Her Majesty's ship Eurydice, 45 seamen and marines, invalids. lIer Majesty's ship Argus hadsailedfrom Bermuda for Halifax. She had suffered much from fever, having lost 11 officers and men, among them Dr. Thomas Daly, late of Her Majesty's ship Boscawen, and Lieutenant W. F. Gollock. At the time of sail. ing from Bermuda for Halifax the fever had very much abated, and the ship's company were convalescent. The hoatswain of Her Majesty's ship Pembroke had committed suicide at Bermuda. The steam-transport Chester, No. 1S2, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday, from the Black Sea and Malta, with a ,argo of shot, shell, &c. Her Majesty's ship Dauntless, 24, Captain Ryder, steamed into Portsiouth harbour yesterday afternoon. The Colombo steam-transport went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday, to land the 1st Royal Lancashire Mfiitia. The Flying Fish, 6, steam despatch gunboat, Commander Roderick Dew, went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday, and wa:s taken into dock for repairs. The steam-transport Clyde left Portsmouth yesterday, for Southampton. The Waterloo, 120 guns, flagship, Captain Lord Frederick Kerr, has been removed from her original moorings into Sheerness harbour, in consequence of the north-east moorings parting during the gale of Friday night last. The galliot Fortuin, C. P. Christensen master, has arrived at Sheerness from Thisted, in Jutland, w ith part of the stores, &c., saved from the late steam-sloop Polyphemus, Commander Frederick P. Warren. The gunboats Nos. 32 and 36 have left Sheerness with two other gunboats in tow for Chatham, for the purpose of having their heavy guns landed at the Ordnance, and their Ordnance stores returned, preparatory to their being dismantled. Orders have arrived at Sheerness to dism-antle and pay off the Eurotas, 12, screw mortar-ship, Captain William Moorsom, C.B., and the Seahorse, 12, screw mortar-ship, Captain Leopold G. Heath, U.B., both of wlhich ships are hourly expected there from Portsmouth. Yesterday afternoon a party of non-commissioned officers and men from the various depOts at the Provisional Battalion, Chatham, numbering S sergeants and 120 rank and file, with 2 captains and 6 subalterns, proceeded from Chatham barracks to the ramparts near Prince Henry's Bastion, provided with scaling ladders and other necessaries, for the purpose of being instructed in escalading, under the direction of Colonel HL Sandham, director of the Royal En. gineers' establishment at Brompton, and Major F. C. Hlassard, Royal Engineers. The whole of the officers and maen are being instructed in the theory and practice of escalading, and are maling great progress in this description of field drill. The screw steam gunboat Pickle, of 60-horse power, was launched from Messrs. Pitcher's, of Northfleet, on Saturday, and was towed up to Woolwich yesterday morning. The Quail and the Ripple, gunboats of the same class, were launched yesterday morning at Messrs. Wigram's, of Black. nall, and are likewise ordered to Woolwicli. The screw-transport W. S. Lindsay, No. OS, from the Crimea, last from Portsmouth, has arrived off Woolwich, and her cargo is being landed. It consists of English guns, cases of shot and shell, and other returned stores. The screw-transport East Anglian, No. 162, arived at Wootwich yesterday morning from Devonport and Portsmouth, w-ith returned Ordnance stores. P The contract schooners Albatross and Charity are landing 350 tons of shot and shell at Woolwvich from Goole. Nearly 500 men of the 12th Lancers, commanded by Colonel Pole, arrivedat Canterbury last eveningfrom the East. They were cheered as they passed through the city, the band playing at the time. We regret to learn that Lieutenant the Hon. William L. H. Anson, R.N., senior lieutenant of Her Majesty's steamer Tartar, died on board that vessel a few days ago while on the voyage from the coast of Devonshire to Portsmouth. The gallant officer merely complained of a trifling indisposi. tion, so that no serious anxiety was occasioned, but he expired on board before reaching Spithead. The deceased w s second son of the late ERarl of Lichfield, and was born on the 1st of August, 1 Il. He obtained his lieutenancy in September, 1853.
MASONI7C DEJEUNEB AT OXFORD. 'The ordinary routine of business and pleasure proper to the "Grand Commemoration"' week at Oxford has been varied on the present occasion by an interesting ceremony which took place yesterday, and which formed a characteristic prelude to the masonic ball of the evening. The masons of the province, anxious to show their respect to .Mlr. W. W. B. Beach, MLA., of Christchurch, who has been twice master of the Apollo University Lodge, and is past Provincial Senior Grand Warden of Oxfordshire, resolved to carry out their purpose in the handsomest manner possible. Not only was a splendid silver group, representing Queen Philippa reviewing her troops, bespoken as a testimonial of the feel. ings awakened by " private worth and public virtues," but for the due presentation of the same a large marquee was fitted up in Worcester-gardens; the "brethren" were invited to attend in "craft costume," and a dijetner on a grand scale preceded the ceremony. Of course the summons met with a hearty response; the beautiful gardens of Worcester College swarmed with gentlemen wealthy in masonic symbols, and the ladies, who are always numerous on commemorative occasions, gave an additional gaiety to the scene. At 2 o'cloclk, the d4jedner beingfinished,Captain Bowyer, Provincial Grand Master of Oxfordshire, who presided over the festivity, gave " the Health of the Queen, which was drunk with great loyalty. The same gentleman then made the business speech of the occasion, pointing out the merits of Mr. W. W. B. Beach, and reading the inscription, in which they were durably recorded. MIr. Beach, in expressing his gratitude, took occasion to expatiate on the antiquity of masonry and the moral and religious virtues with which it is connected; and to such good purpose was his oration delivered that a spontaneous shout fromn an enthusiastic mason, who demanded "three cheers for Brother Beach," was followed by a storm of acclamation. The Earl of Carnarvon, who is a graduate of Christ Church, then proposed "the health of the Vice-Chancellor and the fellows of Worcester College," who had so liberally lent their gardens for the festive occasion, calling attention to the important period marked by Dr. Cotton's tenure of his present office. He had, in his official capacity, acted under the Chancellorship of the late Duke of Wellington, and under his rule had commenced that kindly feeling between the University and the city, which was such a happy exchange for the old "town-gown" fends. After a reply at some length by the Vice-Chancellor, and a toast in honour of the ladies, proposed by the Chairman and responded to by Mfr. Beach, the meeting separated in hearty good humour, nothing being wanting to the festivity but the piece of plate itself-which was not ready-but for which a substitute was found that served as a very efficient symbol and a very good basis for oratory.
LODGING-HOUSES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The public have, indeed, to thank you for an article in Friday'spaper respecting the dwellings of the poor in the metropolis. You urge the corporation of the city of London to undertake the building of "model dwellinghouses and lodging. houses", not only as a duty, but as a good investment of money. I well know that many persons are anxious to cooperate in effecting this object, could a fair interest for money be obtained-say 4Q per cent. ; and half a milEon of money would soonbe forthcoming to aid a work that is not only a presqing necessity, but an absolute duty. I have, however, never yet been able to satisfy my own mindthat sucha resultcanbeobtained; itmaybe forthe first few years, but soon the necessary requirements of this species of property reduce the average rate of interest considerably. But what I would venture to suggest is, that power should be given to the Board of Health, on the representation of any ratepayers, or on the report of medical oficers, to close, with or vithout appeal, any tenement in dilapidation, or in a state, from any cause, unfitted for human habi tation-the Board of Health to have power to advance money on mortgage of property to the owner, to the extent of half its value, for purposes of reparation, as under the Drainage Act. To carry this out, might not a portion of the 22,000,0001. of the Savings Bank fund be made available? If some such power can be entrusted to the Board of Health this crying evil may be dealt with on a large scale, and the reproach that now attaches to us all be removed. Your obedient servant. fIERY KINGSCOTE. MSandgate, June :.
NEw SrnGERY AT WOOLWICH.-The installation of the medical department of Woolwich Arsenal took place last week. The building and its appurtenances are admirably adapted for the purpose intended, that of rendering on the spot all the medical and surgical assistance required in cases of accident. The range of the building comprises an elegant dispensary and consulting-room, adjacent to the patients' ward, which is fittedup with 12 beds,so as entirelyto obviate the necessity of removal under any but extraordinary circumstances. A bathroom, containing every requisite, is attached to the invalids' dormitory, and a dissecting-room is in course of construction. Two surgeons, Drs. Allinson and Butler, are appointed permanently to the establishment, and remain in attendance reciprocally. Two dispensers of medicine likewise reside on the spot, so as to be alternately at hand night and day. In fact, nothing has been omitted to render the new surgery complete in its various departments. The medical fund, to which every artisan and labourer contributes from his weekly pay, is considered sufficiently ample to meet the ordinary expenses, independently of any exterior assistance. The officers of the laboratorydepartment have also taken possession of their new offices contiguous to the new paper factory, which are replete with every modern advantage and convenience. These buildings were designed and commenced by Lieutenant-Colonel Beatson, R.E., and terminated by the present civil engineer, Mr. Murray. REFoiRt FOR ITALY.-Amofng the most important propositionsbeforethe Peace Conferences not directlyinvolved inthe main question was that of Count Cavour, who, it has been stated, desired a thorough reform of the Italian governments. According to Tlte Times, he pro. posed that the temporal and spiritual power of the Pope be completely separated, so that those unfoltumate countries now governed by that functionary shall no longer be exposed to an irresponsible and tyrannical rule. He urged an investigation into the affairs of Naples, whose condition he calls a disgrace to the civilized world. He proposed a customs union, like the German Zollverein, of the Italian States, so as to prepare for a united Italy; and lie recommends that Italy be freed from all foreign domination, in order that it may develope of itself what powers of growth it contains. If any such propositions were made to tle Conferences-and there appears little doubt of their genuineness-it is a most daring and significant step on the part of any Italian statesman. It is a bold proclamation to the world that Italy is cursed with tyranny -tyranny of Pope, of Austrian, and Frenchman; it demands, under the shield of a constitutional goveriment, an approach to the great object so lon" called for by the democrats-the unity of Italy; it 'holds up to an assembly of diplomats the evils of a priestly rule, and in the name of humanity asks that the head of its own church be stripped of worldly authority and be left solely a priest. Nothing could show more clearly the confessed rottenness of the Italian governments than such propositions from a conservative and Royalist statesman. Theymark, too, that wise, far-seeing policy which has been constantly shown by tie Sardiman Mnistry since 1848. Even their mingling in the Russian war-apparently so distant from their own interests-is proved now a prudent action, worth in its return the treasure and blood they have expended. They have gained two powerful allies, each pledged by honour and feeling to aid the advancement of the petty kigdom. If anything similar to these proposals of Count Cavour should be adopted by the European Powers-if Naples be humbled-if the Legations be taken from Rome -if Austria be driven or persuaded out of Lombardy and Tuscany-if Italy be united-of course the spoils, the leadership, the abandoned provinces fall to Sardinia. The expression only of such sentiments from the Cabinet of Turin is worth hosts of ardent supporters among the masses of the Italian States. Sardinia becomes the head of united and free Italy. That these su%gestions from the Sardinian Ministry, if carried out, would be blessings to Italy, we need not ray. Free trade wouldd bring free thoughts and united popular power. The destruction of the Papal tyranny would relieve central Italy of a fearful incubus. The removal of the Austrians would be the removal of the curse which has desolated thc most beautiful cities and the most fruitful fields of Europe. The withdrawal of the French would be the reinstatement of the people and the enthronement of the wise, firm, enlightened Goveinment of Sardinia and Piedmont over the rotten tyrannies and debasig hierarchies which now blight and curse that beautiful land. May good fortune attend such wise and liberal counsels !-Nuw York Times. TnE a MPRDER AT PLYMOuT.-An inquest was held yesterday on board the Runnymede, at Plymouth, by Mr. Rundle, coroner for Saltash, and a jury composed of a portion of the ship's crew and of the pensioners, having the chief officer for foreman. They returned a verdict of wilful murder against Corporal Neven for killing Sergeant-Major Robertson-on board that ship on Sunday afternoon. The particulars of the murder appeared in 2'ie Times of yesterday. It appear- that the bullet had severed one of the main arteries, and lodged itself in the rectum. [Advertisement.1-Whoever wishes to make himself acquainted wvith our English literture (and it is abranch of kuowliedge shown by theCiviiService lteport to have been frightfuliy negiected) should procure Charles Knight's * Ialf-hours with the Best Authors, anew edition of which is now ready (rmice 12s.) in two thick volumes, with illustrations. It contains critical and biographical notices, as well as choice extracts from the workntf 30a of our standard English authors. Literature rather than scieice cu3ltivates a -in's humanity, and we do ill to neglect, either in ordimgr education or in any institution for the inmprovement of the mind, the study of our great masters, whether historians, essayistz, poets, dramatit,, or divines --in a word, no course of instruchon is complete vithout Uiem, and witihout them it ean bardly be said that a mea is a complete YEnglishman. A cheaper odition of " Half-hours vith the Best Authors" may be had in 2 vote Bro cloth, price %s. london, George Routledge and Co., Farrnindon- (Advertisementj4-" The Heiress of Brnges," by T. C. Grsttsv author of "H ighways and Byeways," c., is published this day in' The ParlourLibrary"-aserieeof works of fiction renowned in every rut of the world for its umrivalied and varied selection of the best work by the best authors in the Engi£sh language. The volumes lately issued are " Tb&Younger Son ,"2s; " Jack Tier," IsI &L; " The Outlav"ls 6. *L "Maagef' san "The Inberitauco "Is. 6d, each; " Bhmbletye-honr,Is,&tv ;- "BDe 'rorme, ns Cd. '½ Jho Phantora EeRintent," Is. 6d.; *'3argartt IUthtland," ls. 6d.; "M* ount Sorei: I In. 6 A*ngeln," gs-,I- Tenon. T1homsua Hodgaco, 13, I'atemcetersew-~~~~~~~~~~~~~e
ROYAL ACADEMY OF MUSIC. A "grand fancy dress ball" is announced to take place on Friday night, at the Hanover-square-rooms, for the benefit of this institution. A more than usual degree of interest attaches to the ceremony, since Her MIajesty the Queenhassignifledher gracious intention of honouringit with herpresence. Among the patrons are-his Royal Highness PrinceAlbert and several members of the Royal family, while thelistof lady-patronesses includes the names of upwards of 60 distinguished scions of the aristocracy. Itis necessary to advise the public that no gentlemen wil be admitted (even with tickets) to the ball except in,uniformn, court, or fancy dress.
PICTURES BYANCIENTAND OTHER MAS2ERS. A very choice collection of pictures by Italian, Flemish Datch, English, and French masters of the highest class, was disposed of yesterday by Messrs. Christie and Manson. It was formed about 60 years ago, with great taste and judgment by an amateur, &c., removed from a mansion in the country. The sale was well attended, and the pictures fetched high prices. We select the following *- 2L Claude.-A classical landscape, with a peasant driving sheep and goats over a bridge, near a fine group of trees;, a e seen through them, a river winding to an open distance, bounded by hi7ls. A lovely composition; 42 guineas. 22. F. Mieris.-" A lady in a white satin dress," holding flowers, at an arched stone window, covered with Persian c:arict,a scull and book at her side, a poppy growing in a silver vase, and a boy blowing bubbles at her side; 77 guineas. 23. B. Wilson.-" The Bridge of Narni," in Italy; the ruined arches reflected in the water, with hilly distance. Beautiful effect of quiet evening; 65 guineas. 26. P. Neefs.-' 'Interior of the Cathedral of Antwerp," with numerous figures introduced by Teniers and Franeks with great spirit. A picture of the highest quality; 50 guineas. 27. Guercino.-" Head of a Female Saint," her hands clsped on her breast in adoration. Painted with fine breadth and effect; 35 guineas. 28. Claude.-A classical landscape, with a castle on a wooded height above a river, which is crossed by a bridge in the centre; beyond is a river winding through a valley, with hily distance; a cascade falling from a rock, a shepherd, and a woman keeping cows, in the foreground. Very delicate in tone. Formerly in the collection at Devonshirehouse; 47 guineas. 29. Guido.-" The Six Saints of Bologna"-St. Ambrose St. Francis, St. Dominic, Ignatius Loyola, Borromeo, and St. George-interceding with the Virgin and Child, who are seatedin glory, surrounded by angels, for the removal of the great plague of Bologna, which is rerpresented below. An exquisite small replica, on copp, of the celebrated picture in the gallery of Bologna. From the galery of Prince Lucien- 42 guineas. 33. Carracci.-" The Virgin," in a pink and white dress andagreen drapery, holding the Infant in her arms, before a briliant yellow background-circle. From the same gaUery ; 65 guineas. 34. Titian.-" ACavalier,"on abay Andalusianhorse, setting out hunting, attended by three men bearing spears, and followed by dog;scattle seen in the background. Painted at Madrid, and said to be a portrait of Philip, son of Charles V.; 61 guineas. 38. Swaneveldt.-A Landscape, with a chateau on a hei,ght, from which a road winds dowsn to a river, on the bans of which are a party of musicians; women and peasantry, with other fig,ures on mules, beneath fine trees, with hilly distance-warm evening sun; 23 guineas. 39. Tintoretto.-" The Crucifixion," a very beautiful finished study for the celebrated picture in the academy at Venice, with several alterations; 16 guineas. 40. Giorg,ione.-" The Virgin," in a crimson and green drapery, seated withtheinfantin herlap andabook in her left hand; and St. Francis, St. Jerome, a youth, and twogirls, sisters, portraits of the daughters of the noble Venetian for whom the picture was painted, in adoration around them; 67 guineas. 41. Du Jardin.--An Italian landscape, with a woman, in a pink- and yeUow dress, standing near a peasant, who is seated, playing with a dog; a red ox standing behind them, and two sheep near a pool of water; mountainous distances; a fine group of clouds giving brilliant effect to the scene; 30 guineas. 43. Rubens.-" The Virgin," in ared and blue dress, with the Iniant in her lap, her left hand pressing her breast; surrounded by a wreath of flowers, exquisitely painted by Van Keysel. A little gem of the highest qualityl; 95 guineas. 44. MuriUo.-" The Magdalen," in a llac and white dress, kneelAing in prayer before a crucifi, on a rock, a glory of angels appearing above' the Castle of Oian di Ferrache, near Seville, seen in the a,ek ground; a small upright picture; 50 guineas. 45. Vaufler Werif.-" The Adoration of the Shepherds;" the Virgin, seated on the ground, raisigavoilover the head of the Iufant, two shepherds kneeling in adoration, a third standing with a staff and offering a dove, St. Joseph sanding behind at a table, on which a lampis burning; two angels in a glory above, the light faling on the group below with magical effect. The chef L'c uevre of the master. From the Royal collection at Dresden, and a short time in the Louvre; 83 guineas. 46. Cayp.-" Sunset, after a very hot day ;" a landscape, with a peasant, in a blue and yellowv dress, driving three cows over an arched bridge, one of the cows stopping to pluck herbage over the side of the bridge; Dort seen in the distance; the sun, which is nearly setting behind a hill on the left, casts a broad gleam of golden light through the arch on the water with magical effect. A little work of suaerlative quality. 205 guineas, Newman. 47. P. Da Cortona-" 'The Martyrdom of St. Stephen," who is lying on the ground, surrounded by five of his murderers, one of whom is piercing his body with a spear; two angels bearing a wreath and a palm branch. TIesubject treated in an unusual and interesting manner. From Lucien Bonaparte'scollection. 291. 48. Guercino.-"TheVirgin," in ared and blue dress, seated onaloftythrone,theTnfantin her arms and St. John,kneeling at her feet; St. John, in a green and red dress, holding a book, and St. Andrew, at the base of the throne, looking up in adoration; two infant angels above. From the same gallery. 94 guineas. 50. Van Der Heyden and Van de Velde.-A landscape, with a sunmmerhouse and wall of a garden on the edlge of a road, overhung with noble trees, on which are peasants and a cavalier in a red cloak, in front; horsemen under an avenue leading to the distance, two boys angling near a bridge over a stream, on which is a cottage. The sky is paricularly brilliant. An exquisite example of these two great masters. 2914 guineas. 5-1. Van do Velde.-"A SeaPiece." A gale clearing off, two men-of-war, bearing the Datch flag, sailing before the wind; other ships seen in the distance, the water transparent, a partially clouded sky finely in motion, from which the light falls in subdued tone on the beautifully transparent waves. A work of the choicest qualty. 210 gUineas. 52. Bonifaccio.-" The Virgin" in a crimson dress and blue drapery seated before a green drapery, with the Infant in her arms, who is extending his hand to St. John the Baptist, who is kneelng and holds the reed cross; the Magdalen behind reading. This noble work was purchased at Venice by the late Mr. Beckford. 100 guineas. 53. Teniers.-" The Egg-dance." The artist, ina light fawn-coloured dress and red hose, and brown leather boots, seated before a cebard, playing the bagpipes; a gentleman, in a brown dress, at his side, playing the guitar, and a boy, in a blue dress and white hat, holding a flageolet; a glass of beer on a green drapery spread on a table before thembehind the artist is his wife, in a lilac dress, standing with a woman in black at her side ; a woman is entering the door of the inn, over which is suspended the sign of the Magpie, dated 1644. Behind the principal figures are some palings, on which a hat and feather is hung; in the centre a boy is dancing, and near him an attendant stands holding a greyhound rn leash; Teniers's chdeeau, near which are men with dogs, seen in the background. A very brilliant and perfect work of superlative qualty; from the coUection of Mr. W. Smith, 3Lr. for Norwich, 660 guineas. Brown. 54. Ruysdael.-"The Castle of Bentheim,"onthe MoseUe: a grand and noble landscape, with the castle in the centre ; an eminence with picturesque cottages on the slope of the hiU among trees; a fine mass of broken rocky ground, partly covered with guelder rose bushes and rich vegetation m the foreground; the trunk of a felled tree lying near a pool of water on the right, near the stem of a partly decayed tree; the liaht, from a very grand, partiaUy clouded sky, pervades the wYole space of this nobl composition. This chef-di uvre was painted by Ruysdael for the Count Bentheim; it was seised by the French on their occupation of Holland as a portion of the fine exacted from the Count, and was for a short time in the Louvre; it was purchased by the proprietor from the collection of Mr. W. Smith, LP. for Norwich. It is dated 1653 ; 1,210 guineas. Woodin. 55. Albano.-" The Last Supper ;" our Saviour seated wvith the 12 disciples; Judas scariot is in the act of dippiug his finger in the dish; the various emotions of surprise, indignation, and devotion are finely portrayed in the countenauces of the disciples. This noble chef d(ceuvre of the master, designed an the forcible manoer of Annibale Carrace, is from the collection of M. Delahante. 110 guineas. Total amolnt of the sale, 4,5001.
MILITAiY FRtACAS.-Tlhe peace of those portions of Plymouth town usually the haunts of the military during their hours of idleness was disturbed on Saturday evening by a fracas between the Limerick Militia and the Royal Marines. So far as the facts can be ascertained, the Irishmen had made up their minds to give the Marines a good "bating," as a souvenir prior to their leaving the garrison, which it was expected they would do in a few days. TheLimericks accordingly assembled in large numbers in Stonehouse-lane and the neighbourhood, and soon began to show fight, making a fierce onslaught on any unfortunate "jolly" that happened to come in the way. The "time of day," however, was soonpassed to the Marines, and they were speedily reinforced and soon drove the militiamen out of Stonehouse. The latter, on getting over the bridge, took possessionof the Government quarry, where they found a plentifuil supply of stones prepared for the roads. Armed with these weapons they for some time kept the Marines in check, but these, being the older soldiers of the two, exercised a piece of generalship which succeeded in drawing the Limericks from their stronghold. The Marines feigned a retreat, when the Liamericks left the quarry inpursuit; the MIarines, however, suddenly madea halt, and in turn drove the Limericks past the quarries up the hill to the main guard. Here a company of the Limericks ha ed to be on guard, and were ordered to drive the {rnsbc This duty the soldiers were nothing loath to perform, but to their credit it must he stated that they used their arms wth temper and discretion, ancd though several of the Marines were injured, none of the wounds were of a very serious character, being the result of blows only, except in one instance where a man received a stab in the arm. The officer in charge of the guard also wounded one of the Marines in the face by a blow with the fht side of his sword. Pickets shortly after arriving, the disturbance WmS soon quelled, and the men ordered to thcr respective hrrackfs.
FANCY BAZAAR AT WELLINGTON BARRACKS. The committee of ladies who during the last tswo years have been occupied in the praiseworthy task of assisting and providing employment for the wives and children of Guardsmen on foreign service in the East having ascertained that a nursery and infant school were much needed, wherein t.he younger children of the Brigade of Guards might be tended and instructed during their mothers' daily absence at work, a subscription has been opened with a view of carrying out that object, and a sufficient sum has already been collected to justify the trustees, Colonels Thornton, Keppel, Steele, Moncrieff, Kingscote, and Carleton, in entering into a negotiation for the purchase of a proper site for such an establishment, close to the Victoria Lodging-house for married Guardsmen. Her Majesty the Queen has graciously promised her support to this charitable institution, and their Royal Highnesses the Duke of Cambridge and the Duchesses of Kent, Cambridge, and Glocester have already subscribed liberally towards carrying it out. On Thursday and Friday next, the 5th and 6th of June, it is intended that a bamaar and fancy fair shall be held at the Wellington Barracls, in order that further funds may be:collected for erecting the necessary buildings, and for the permanent maintenance of the proposed nursery and schooL The condition of the wives and famiLes of our private soldiers in barracks has long been a scandal to the service; and we believe that to the Brigade of Guards belongs the credit of having been the first corps in which practical and effectual measures were taken to ameliorate it. We trust that the public will prove by their attendance and liberality on this occasion their appreciation of the exertions of the ladies who during the late war so generously and constantly devoted their time and money to the protection and assistance of the families of those brave men whose abzcace on duty compelled them to leave those nearest and dearest to them dependent on the kindness and charity of others.
WESTMINSTER AND THE WAR. TO TfE EDITOR OF Tfl TIMES. Sir,-It is a worthy feeling which prompts our public schools to place upon record the names of those their sons who bore a part in the late war. The Rugby list in Mle Tines of some days ago is one of which that school may well be proud. May I request the favour of a space in your valuable columns for the accompanying catalogue of those whom Wgestminster sent forth to do battle in the mighty contest? I may add that, at the anniversary dinner on Wednesday, the 4th, it is hoped that, in accordance with the wish of numerous old Westminsters, some definite arrangements will be made to place a memorial in West. minster Abbey to those in the following list who fell in the service of their country. I have the honour to remain, Sir, Your obedient servant. WSTMONASTERIENSISM LIST, &C. Field-Marshal Lord Raglan, G.C.B., Commander-inChief, died, June, 1855, at SebastopoL Lieutenant-General F. Markham, C.B., commanding Second Division, died soon after the fall of SebastopoL Lteutenant-General the Earl of Lucan, C.B., com manding the cavalry; Major-General Lord de Ros, Q.MhG.- Major-General Cator, R.A. ; Brigadier-General Lord George Paget, C.B.; Brigadier-General Gordon Drunnmond; Brigadier-General C. W. Ridley; Captain Lord Clarence Paget, R.N.; Captain A. F. Kynaston, C.B., RN., wounded on the 17th of October, 1854, at SebastopoL Captain G. G. Randolph, R.N.; Captain the Ron.F. 7 elharn, R.N. - Lieutenant-Colonel Lord Burghersh, C.B.; LieutenantColonel S. Burdett, Gnards - Lieutenant-Colonel H. Hume, C.B., 95th Regiment, wounded severely at Inkermanu and Sebastopol. Lieutenant-Colonel A. C. Goodenough, 34th Regiment i Lieutenant-Colonel E. R. Jeifreys, C.B., 8Sth Regiment; Major T. Smith, 90th Regiment; Major H. E. Weare, 50th Regiment, wounded severely at Allma. Major J. Glyn, Rifle Brigade; Captain C. W; Randolph, Guards; Captain W. R. Jones, 13th Regiment; Captain N. Vardon, 13th Regiment; Captain C. R. Mure, 43d Regiment; Captain W. G. Webber 42d Regiment; Captain F. H. Dpmock, 95th 11egiment, killed at Ingour, Nov. 6, 1855. Lieutenant R. H. Somerville, 23d Regiment, illed at the Redan, Sept. 8, 1855. Lieutenant W. 'N. Jordan, 34th Regiment, hilled at Sebastopol, in the sortie of March 22, 1855. Lieutenant R. Borough, Rifle Brigade, wounded at Sehastopol, Sept. 8, 1855, and died soon after. Liecitenant A. F. Slade, 57th Regiment, wounded severely at the Qnarries, June 7, 1855. Lieutenant C. T. Wilson, 4th Regiment; Ideutenant C. Gre-orie, 23d Regiment; LIeutenant J. T. B. Connell, 46th0Rlegiment; Leutent HL C. W. Hamond, 46th Regiment; Lieutenant W. Madan, 49th Regiment; Lientenant G. De Lacy Lacy, 63d Reginaent; Lieutenant C. G. Slade, Rifle Brigade; Lieutenant H. Bingh iam, 90th Regimnent;* Lieutenant C. J. R. Bedford, 92d Reunent;* Lieutenant A. W. Gillett, R N.;* Ensign H. L. Wickham, Rifle Britoade; Midshipman C. 2,adan, RN., wart, R.bN.; Mfidsbhiplman H. It Brnlers,R.N.; omisr HIenty, died at Ba7akiava, 1S55.
ST. MAART'S RosPrrrA.-The anniversary festival of that excellent institution, St. Mary's Hospital (Paddington), was celebrated on Saturday evening by an elegant banquet at the London Tavern. The chair was worthily filled by Mr. Raikes Currie, ALP. for Northampton, and a select party, including the officers and general supporters of the hospital, supported the hon. gentleman. The company at the cross-table mcluded the Earl Manvers (President of St. Mary's Hospital), Sir J. H. Hansler, Sir C. Rowley, Mr. W. W. Wynne, Mr. Kernshead, Captains Packe and Parsons, Rev. J. S. Boone, Rev. Dr. Arnold (the chaplain), Dr. James Bird, Mr. Robarts Mr. Coulson (the eminent surgeon), Dr. Sibson, Dr. lYre, Mr. Baker Brown, Mr. Spencer Smith, Mr. J. B. Kelly, and Mr. Tatham (vice-president). The usual reliminary toasts having been proposed (including "the Churc," and "the various religious denominations" of Dissenters, which were drunk separately and with equal good feelng), the hon. Chairman rose to advocate the cause of the hospital. He observed that a hospital was an institution that could be supported without any possibility of the abuse of the donors' benevolent contributions, and as such was especially entitled to public patronage. He then adverted to the inestimable benefits-collateral with the first great and Christian purpose-derived and derivable from hospitals, quoting the graphic description vhich Milton gives in his immortal epic of the lazar-houses (the hospitals, in fact), of his own day, and contrasting those wretched dens of despair with the almost palatial magnificence, the great domestic comfort, of the noble asylums which now adorn this great metropolis and constitute its finest monuments. He (Mr. Currie) believed that the world was advancing in morality, virtue, and happiness, and the progress of hospitals was a demonstration of and entirely germane to the truth of his philosophy. Having adverted to the present state of St. Mary's Hospital (to the order and cleanliness of which he bore his own individual testimony), the hon. chairman said there was no reason to despond about the prospects of the future, for he thought that a separate subscription of 8001. would enable them to effect the very desirable improvement now under the consideration of the committee-viz., the increase of the Accident Ward, which at present only accommodates 14 patients, notwithstanding the constant occurrence of casualties in the populous districts around the hospitaL The toast of "Prosperityto St. Mary's Hospital," was then drunk with enthusiasm, and a "Song of Charity," written by Mrs. Baker Browne, was SUng by Mr. Mx Smith, with great effect. The report shows that the accident ward is, indeed, totally inadequate to contain the numerous and severe cases that peremptorily demand and obtain admission. The cost of supporting the hospital far exceeds its income, the total amount of annual subscriptions being equal to little more than one-third of the annual cost of maintenance, while the institution is entirely dependent on the voluntary offerings of the benevolent. Last year 1,460 in-patients and 4,238 out-patients were received, besides 2,873 accidents, and 204 married women were attended at their own homes during their confinements. The great value of the institution to the poor-St. Mary's being the only hospital in or near this densely populated district-is daily becoming more apparent, since, wlhile great numbers of patients are constantly refused admission, for want of accommodation, many thousands are relieved as outpatients, and the thankfulness expressed by these poor persons, while most gratifying to the governors, affords convincing proof of the great amount of good effected. "The health of the Chairman" was next proposed by Earl Manvers, and drunk with great demonstrations of respect and esteem, after which the toast of " Earl 'Manvers" (the President of the hospital) was given from the chair, and equally well received, seeing that the noble earl is one of the greatest benefactors of tle hospital, and a most liberal contributor to its funds from the outset. The toast of "the Medical Officers" (Mr. Coulson, Dr. Sibson, Mr. Ure, Mr. Baker Brown, and Mr. S. Smith) was responded to in an eloquent and very forcible speech by Mr. Coulson, who strongly urged the necessity of establishing a better and more extensive accident ward, especially in a district like Paddington, which was far more in need of such accommodationthai any other in Bondon. Mr. Coulson illustrated and enforced his argument by instancing the sad cases of contagion thathadarisen and were constantly arising from the over-crowded state of the hospitaL. There was, he also complained, no accident ward at all for women, a want which it would be disgraceful not to supply as soon as possible. These striking facts, supported by the able addresses of Mr. Coulson and the hon. chairman, produced a subscription on Saturday ni'ht of about 1,500L including 1001. from Mr. ?aylor, 501. from Earl Manvers, 211. from lMr. Coulson, and 501. from Mr. Raikes Currie, MP. (chaiman of the festival) The arrangements of Mr. Bathe and his liberal provision for the "c reature comforts" of the company gave undivided satisfaction, while Mr. Baker Brown, one of the physicians of the hospital, was very active in expeditingboth the business and the amusement of the evening. The principal vocalists were-Miss Stabbach (who sang very effectively), Miss Fanny Huddart, and 3Mr. Mfontem Smith. Mr. Toole officiated as toastmaster. The company separated at 11 o'clock after a most agreeable symposium. BAzAAR EN REGn s PARR.-A bazaar on a somewhat extensive scale is appointed to take place this day (Tuesday) in the gardens of the ToxopholiteSociety,Regent's Park, on behalf of the Hospital for Consumption, at Breompton. A mammoth tent has been pitched capable of accommodating 10,000 persons, and from the objects preMnted to the charity for sale, and the number of aristocratical ladies who have consented to preside at .aDs, a very iteretUizg affair is anticipated,
THE HOLYHEAD GREAT HARBOUR A.D * BREAREWATBBS. The gigantic public works now in progresg at Holyhead, under th able direction of Mr. J. 3 LRendel, the engineer are proceeding with undiminished activity;- and so much of this natMonal undertaking lhas already been finished as to show that, when the harbour and the two breakaters, with other works, are completed, they will rank'among the highest efforts of engineering skill in the united kingdom. It will be in the recollecton of the public that the works of the breakwater were commenced in 1849-50. In 1852 these works had sufficiently advanced to tempt vessels to seek its protection, and in the winter of 1853 it was ascertained that the number of vessels resorting to it demanded the immediate consideration of the Admiralty. The question was whether an enlargement of its design could be carried out in the then state of the works? The question in that shape was referred to Mr. Rendel, and the result was an extension of the north breakwater to the extent of 2,000 feet beyond the plan first proposed for its termination. The works now in course of construction will comprise a harbour of upwrards of 300 acres of deep water, and a roadstead eastward of this, comprising fronn 300 to 400 acres of deep water, always available for vessels in case of their having to run to the old or the new harbour. The works involve a north breakwater, 7,000 feet in length, of which 6,400 feet have already been formed, in from seven to eightfathoms of lowwaterat springtides; also, an eastern breakwater of 2,500 feet, formed in from three to four fathoms of low water at spring tides, with all the necessary convenience of landing-pier for the largest class of Transatlantic steamers, with railways so laid down on such landing-pier that passengers may step from the boat into the railway carriages. The quantity of stone used in the worlks upto the present time, and since 1849, is upwards of 5,000,000 tons. The peculiarity in the constrcMtion of the works, which has enabled the Government to carry and place in the breakwater this enormous quantity of stone in less than sis years, is the introduction of a timber staging, first built into the sea, slightly in advance of the stonework, upon which there are laid five lines of railway, over which the waggons laden with stone are drawn from the quarry by locomotives, and the stone is deposited into the sea at 20 feet above high water by the falling of the bottom of the waggons, somewhat in the same way as the "hopper waggons" in the coal districts of the north of England. The quarries from which the stone is obtained are in Holyhead MUountain, are excellent in quality, and of the most extensive kind. The stone is quarried, not in the ordinary way, but by mining, the quantity of powder exploded in the mine being frequently as much as six tons, and fired by the galvanic battery. It is no uncommon thing to witness 50,000 or 60,000 tons of stone brought down from the mountain at a single blast, and on a recent occasion the quantityexceeded 90,000 tons. The stone is obtained in masses, varying in size from that of ordinary building stone up to 14 or 15 tons in a stone. The superstructure has just been commenced. and is formed of masonry, the largest stones produced in the quarry being used in the rough state in the building of the work, and presenting an unusual appearance of solidity and strength, so needful to withstand the violence of the sea in north-westerly gales on the coast. Some idea maybe formed of this violence from the fact that it is not an uncommon occurrence during the winter to see the waves dash over the breakwater to a height of from 20 to 28 feet above high water. The average number of labourers and mechanics employed in the quarries and on the railways is from 1,100 to 1,200. The expenditure up to the present time, induding the purchase of land, has been upwards of 500,090.; and it is calculated that by the time the works are completed, including the enlargement of the harbour as before referred to, the total cost will amount to upwards of l,000,0001. Already the number of vessels resorting to the harbour for shelter and refuge is more than 3,000 a-year. It is now intended to employ a class of steam-packets for the lrish packet service of a size of upwards of 400 feet in length, with a view to completing the passagebetween Holyhead and Kingatown harbour in tbree hours and a-half certain, so that the whole distance between London and Dublin shall be accomplished by packet and rail inf1l hours. The necessary arrangements by the railway companies, the City of Dublin Steam-packet Company, and the Government forthe settlement of this important alteration are now, we understand, nearly completed.
EXTERYAL COMMfERCE OF INDIA. TO TEE EDITOR OF TILE TIMES. Sir,-In !ie T12eS of Thursday last a "Retired Indian Official",was pleased to notice, in along letter, my paper upon the external commerce of India. The notice of me was safL ciently complimentary to have led me to aceept it vwith silent thanks but for his desire to prove me somewhat at fault a3 a political economist, and I wi3 therefore beg a trifle of your valuable space for explanations. The objections raised are to my interpretation and often used terras, "balance of trade," buDion imports,", and "tribute of India." I am quite aware that "balance of trade" is an exploded doctrine, for every nation mnst be paid in fu, in " malt or in meal," for the goods it sellsMy use of the term was entirely conventional, to indicate that the usual settlement of accounts by goods for goods does not take place between India and other nations, and that India can and will at presert only take a limited supply of foreign merchandise; and the annual debt, therefore, due to her must be paid by other means. Those means are the transmission of bullion. Yow, bullion is certainly only a commoodity, but it is a commodity pe,r sc; it cannot be obtained atpleasure like cotton orwoollen fabrics; it is the representative of wealth, and the possession of a greater or less quantity of it in the banks of nations occasions not only confidence or doubt in the soundness of commercial transactions, but, as we see from the wekldy returns of the Bank of England, absolutely influences the value of all public securities. I thought, therefore, it might have been permitted that Ishould warn the mercantile communities of nations of the bulion exhaustive process of an Indian trade, without having it attributed to me that I believed in the " exploded mercantile theory, that money alone is wealth." With respect to theimports of bullion into India, a large amount of which never leaves India again, the re. turns must speak for themselves. As there is not any duty upon imports or exports of bulion, there is not any motive for concealments, and the returns therefore am trustworthy. What had become of this bulion was long a mystery; it was supposed to be concealed or made into ornaments, but I shave shown by the Mfint returns that in the last 19 years nearly 43,000,000l. sterling in silver have been taken to the Mint and converted into rupees by private individuals; and evidently they would not have paid the seignorage either to reconvert the rupees into ornaments or to hoard them; it is a legitimate inference, therefore, that the rupeesare used to continue to pay the producer for the sugar, indigo, &c., annually exported. Independently of these 43 millions, the Mints have recoined about 23 millions sterling of old rupees, so that we know of 66 milions of silver in rupees being in circulation in India besides the old coinage; and that there is a good deal of the old coinage is evidenced by the fact of the father of the present ling of Oude having left in his treasury at Lcknow, at his death, no less than 117 lacs (1,170,0001) in gold and silver currency. " A Retired Indian Official" has a singular paradox. In spite of the annually increasing imports of bulion-in spite of the annually increasing exports of produce, he says that India cannot buy foreign manufactures because she has not bulion enough, and the facilities given to trade adjustments by the Company's bills on India are hurtful; in other words, asserting that for a trader to pay his debts is injurious to trade. This idea seemns to have its origin in the belief that India is still craving for bulion because the India Company take the land-tax in "money," while native Governments take it in "kind." No doubt such was the practicewith theancientHindoo Governments; but the Mahomedan Governments, as far as they could, subverted this system by fixing a "tunkha" or assignment upon each village, of wvhich tunkua they took as much as was obtainable in cash. It was only in very poor districts that the land-tax. was paid in kind. In the Company's old provinces this practice is unknown, and it is only in parts of the recent territorial additions that the tax in " Idnd" is taken, and the practice is fast disappearing. The idea, therefore, of your correspondent, that the bullion imports into India are insufficient to meet this substitution, has little foundation in fact, and the enormous evils of the present abnormal condition of the Indian currency I humbly conceive to exist only in the imagination of " A Retired Indian Official" He also insists upon India being oppressed by the tribute she pays for the charges of the Home Government of India, But the bon4fldc charges for administering the Govermment of India, whether in India or England, cannot be legiti: mately viewedas atribute; and,withrespectto theprincipal and interest of India Stock and the home debt, provision was made for those matters by the transfer, in 1833, of 15,000,000& or 16,000,0001. of the commercial assets to the territorial credit; and the repayment of the capital of India Stock will be provided for by the annualy increasing guarantee fund, arising from a reserved portion of those same commercial assets, without constituting a tribute; and there can be no question but that the annual money wants of the India Company in England have facilitated during the period under review the adjustment of trade balances due to India, for I have shown by unquestionable figures that from 1849-50 to 1S53-54, but for the Company's bills for 16,116,0001., merchants would have been necessitated to transmit that sum in bullion, in addition to the net amount of 18,993,0001. which was shipped by them to the East. I do not propose trespassing upon you again to reply to other commentators, but I shallJeave my paper to work out the chief object I had in view-namely, to enable honest and reflective minds to form a judgment whether or not India is advancing in wealth and prosperity. r n%- bedient servant. 'W. ]ELsYKEs, Albion-street, HIyde Park, June 2. AxomEcAnDs-nAu.-The following are the names of the gentlemen Fbo passed their examination in the science man practice of medicne, and received certificates to practise, on riday, May 30:.-Frederic Wflliam Granger, Bristol; Williamn Palmer Powe, Liverpool; E1;R1U HodJdldno Monks, W igzn; E win Jalnes Worth, Deronport.
SALES BY AUCTION. Freehold'House and Shop, Smithfield M R. DIOXON.will SELL b AUCTION at the .1 Mart, Toomrow, June 4. the TREIfHOLD HOIJSE, wo. 22. Clothfaidr, BA blmw-close: in the occupation of Kr. Baclcett. at £l2rTentaL Particulrs. at- the Auaction Htart; of A.. T. Baylis, 16q.j solicitor, Bederoes-etreet ; anfi of the auctIoneer. S. St. X-tn's-plac& Old Ii,dey.-Smsall Freehold Ground-Reat, withs Reversion to Two Mp 3OXON willSELL y UCTI'ON, at the I~1Auction Mfart,Tmoo, June 4th, by direction of the Executors of the late Williaum Heath, Iraq.. a rAluable FREEHOLD GROUN'D RENT of £8 per aaunu,- secured uepon, two) haosssesinI hL%op's-court5 Old Bailey, in excaellet condtion. aid of theannual value of £46,the reversions to whicihwillfalli in inineyetame Parti- 4rsmay be Obtained of W. Rath. Esq., solicitor. 29. Bishopegate. street within:. of W. G. Cnoveuton. _eQ,., solicitor, Gray's-In-square sail of the auctioneer. St. Martin -"lace, Trafalgar-square., Ia Chaucesn'-"Sassdemson v. Bockett atnd others-,-Freypholds, St. Paul's churchyard- MR4. IMOXON uill SELL by AUCTION, at the ..zMart, TO-mOrrow, June 4. pursuant to a decree in Chncb made in the above c&ause the TWO ver desirable FSiEEH'Ow HOUSES. Nos, 13 and 14, Godllxua_s,treet, Dotrs'-oommi5on. in the respective ocupations9 of Wr PotI and Messrs Fielde r.sroduicing an annual rental of £128. 2Mayh&eviewed bypemio of thetnns ad articular obtaied u fo,3a,REq. olcitor, 39, Jermjxn. stret.St,Jams's of1).S.ockett, Req., solicitor 6. i.solns-inn. fields ; at the Auction Mart ; ansi of the auctioneer, 3, St. Xartina. Place, Trafalgerq-sqae Freehold Residences and Gardens, erChaikGadn,tlsPro. perity atJhFetter. Ei MR. MXO.NWUI SELL by A'UCTION, at thae .VJ.L Mart, ncar the Banlc. To-morrw. June 4. bay direction, or the Trustee (unless Pre`vi0ns1 disposed of by private treaty), ]FOUR thEE Outh eid USETSn, dlgtully situate in Heathlleld-tesrac, on the soth eid of .un-gtrleen, with gardens and lawn in. front, one of the houses having CLcachs.house, stabling, small brewery. and other outbuildingS. XaybeTviewedandparticularsobtained ofMr..Brratt, carpeniter.Turahamu-gree,u:t the Mart; of B.. Spicer. Eaq., solciter, Amersh~am, Bucks'. and of Mr. MIoXon, xurreyor and auctiosser, 3, St. Martin'-plaCee, TzaaLIgarSeQuare- Thle Kina's Arms Hlotsl, Ters,adWieVut,Uxbridge. Middle- sex, immediately adjacento the prjecte stay ation. R~P. DANIEL (R NIN respectfully irnlounoes LV.that he is directed to SELL by AUCTION, at Gamraway's, on Tuesday. June 10. at 12, the valuable LEASE. for upwarduof 39 years, at a-very low. rent, eL-the Above caphtal INNR.-which VA,sst gusana largtras, f te bstuad n-.stWprfitable chrlacs'ter. iz~t1st hands of~& ma of businera May beyi el and At1k-uULai ad!&t Gareaway.1ks on the presnisesa:at the Con Exebange-Coffeehouse,,'XrkMai,-~; Mesrs;s, Oolley Smith, Hunter,. and. Gwstkin,. socitoi* inoa'sis anlLof.tbe auctioneer, 42~. - o'.. ) -* To -Contractors andL others. -Saven capital Horesingoodcondi-tion, the Harness for ditto, nine Water Cart otreeqien ,anal new Van, a Chaff Machine by Wedikske Ac. MIESSR-S. WELSFORD and Co0. will SELL by - -.-L AUCTION, on the Premies,! Royal-m~ews, eSh erd!s-busb,m;%rket.TEl DAY,June3, at l2for 1thb genuineSTOCKInTRADE of Mr. H. Hurcomub, en accoount of his enitiely relinmsuihing the waterbig o te pal'ish; the aboveproperty; and the whoet of the Utensils IlTrad f a Vaunsan On view Monday and morning of sale. Cata- nus nt o peises: and of the auctioneer, 35, New Church-street, Mwewra-oad.and44. Westbourne.grove. To Merehaute. Shippr,Propritor ofBsa, and others. i-LR JOHNSONwl EL at th City Auction AIl Rooms, 39, raeuseste,onFdy,June 6. at r4 exact tuine, PART of the SOKo-aWRHOUEA and ether fifects :.ceusisting ofglansivrwth, fashionable jwleyi rings. pins braceletq,bece,letcan.A.;lcs ltdgos cutlery. mathe=nticlisrmnsopr lss,tecpe dssg cases, writing deskscneris,acrin,aqnttofnpir tey-, nortemo;unaies, cgrcss e aeo rnsney nldn haindsome telescopedrwnandnngrmchneisadpitd glas; hall lamps, and ueosohrefcs a be viewdtedc Previous and mornng Ofal.and catalogues hadat therooms. Harley-street, Caveudahsqar.Hes lFrniture, genu.ineand valuable Pictures, by Eminent Masters. Chin'..Glias, and Effects. 1jR. GIBBONS is instructed by the Executors of the 13J Into Miss Yfansbaw, to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premiises 70. lharley-street, on ThursdaY. June 5, at 12 precisely, the HOUSEHOLD) FURtNITURF comnirsis,g capital bBddieg and the usual description of chabe funiur, dawngebo caie, ofs,ottoman, an easy chais, roswoo, lo crd,ndccaionltales chrneyandother glases,,aLu. vnl,ocome prints, maoaywne okae sideoard let tof inng tbe,ceffoabler carets,an fe un of plate someabos,cin. chn,ElSsiceutnl, and.effect Mayre direwted twbdys pre- Trstest SELL by AUTIN at the Griffin Hotel, Kingston. on-Thaum, on Saturday, Jaine 14, at 2fo 3, in nine lots, an eligible FRtEEHOLD ESTATE. situate in the vilage of Waltno-on-Thsamev, coeirieng co.1 t 15.Manr-pace le torespectable tenants at weelyrenal; te ldManr-ous ber-lsp.let to Messrs Ashby, brewrs,on eas at£2peran rompandthe Old Manr-hGOnS, et to tenntsatwee~s'retal.Juyne vtIed and partclars b hdirctof St.Jaes's-plae aspntlyend-roadvexttheCutlystte, baetng theGrifawfen aindsoinind the Cewas andtallto Put, Lno,and Imeitl opst awhan u,South Lambeeth,El coitainFrehol fsopibrtyo-Ban Mr. GsingT roat garraeain Tro-morrow,lJune 41tto at 1ac ofhorursely byn sokdwiretio wa n te ri re.Tewoeof the proisepreielorexel le1ntstate of r Gr tof ap wibthantil bricq-ui:ti tue adweitling-; place aupdjoinin th Ceas sate,,vt anDd d mmediatelyt oppoidnte Mawbo Htise o utfhh LamDeblet,cntainngtfuterbedrooMSpanda desng u m. a ae drawinb prom,stwon prours,e wonkitc hrens cellapr,ior withe salgoo bewallend ether frhotes.Te hl of then pm.n paremiselas areaine an excel lenty'stt of rhopsClrk,ite upq woiithr alt reuiieaufitures and dTtin,s, welbupphyaed with watLErq, wt godidrainage, roucr . and lathes occupa solicitor, 20, Billlter-street, city; at the Journal of Auctions oface, Essex-street. Strand; and of the auctioneer. Edmonton. Middlesex, York-hourse, Battesrea.-Household Flurntrm n itrs rR. GEORGE BERRY (in con unction ith Mr. imL Crispi will SELL by AUCTION, on the PremiseA, York-house. York-read, 1Eattersea, To-morrow. June 4th., at l1Ifor 12 precisely, zal the well m ade HIOUSEHOLD FURNITIJRI, cam prisng 50 four-pot and oth er bedsteads, hair and wool mattrasses, blankets, &c,,to corrspond: 20 fe-ather beds, mahogany wardrobes, several hundred yards of irursels and Kidder carPets, drawing room suite in rosewood, two sets of telescope frame dining tables, 12 Zebr-a wood chains. 12 Spanish ma. ho"any ditto, sideboards, couches two pi3lnofortes, oil paintins, hip an~shoer ath, citn. esas hal ad ktchn stems, anid various effcts alo al te apial ixtres ercton f ununier-houss, &c. Sta bevieedthedayprir,andcatlogeshad on the premises: of Mr. ris, Kng'-red est,Chesea an ofthe auctioneer, Ia, Met- To Gvermen Cotratorsandothrs.GenineSale of Sok Plan, ad Ipleentsin rad ofa Cotrator reoving fo h 4R. PEAKE is ordered by the Contractor, Mnr, TL Carlsisl, to SELL by AUCTION, upon the Prcmises Bermnondsoy Wew-read, THIS DAY and To-morrow, June 3 and 4, atfl for 12 precisely each day, without reserve, the several contrasts under the Commissioners of Sewers,af.,beingoompleted, thewhole of thevaluable PLAUNT and EFFECTS; comprising a large quantity of drain pipes, double and sfingle junctions, elbows, Ac.; 10,000 feet elm board, about 12,000 struts, a quantity of lift pumps and other gerig dry plnks, boards, and battens, with numerous other usefu nateials, May be viewed, and catalogues obtained at Mir. Peake's offices, 44, Tooley. street, Souttwark, Tottenham, Middlesex. 'Valuable Freehold Li7nd-By Messes JONAS anad THOMAS PAXTON , at Garraway's. oxi Monday, June * . at 12, subject to such conditions as wilibe then prodoned, TU O most productive Plots or Parcels of Meadow TwLaond. situate in the open field called Tottenham Marshes, Middlesex, in the occupation of Mr. William Wiltshire Hill who has held the ssme as tenant for upwards of 40 years, at the low rent of £5 per annm, nd re ouned y lndsnowor atebelonging to Mr. Hunt andMr.Spak-e. ad dstiguihedby heboundary post inscribed wit th intils . J C, te pctculrs ndquantities of which are ExoeUent Furniture, Pictures, 400 oimces of Plato, 250 voe ~Ofpoksa, PlateLd Articles, China,Gleas, and Efftet, 3, Clifton-road, St. John'swood. (IHINNLOCK and GALSWORTHY will SELL by XiJAUCTION, on the Premises. THIS DAY. Juno 3. at 12, all the excellent EFFECTS of the above RESIDENCE, comprising furniture of he sua dscrptin, orthebedroos,a drawing room suite in Wroewoudslre glaursses, abine lt Stoeotckpns,maoan inin pltdHrIcLePS,0oe ofi bOoks arindsefuleffeclts,Ma bELL ewe th a rcdn ndmrigo ae pandcatalogsueysqhareon the remies ;and f Mesrs.Chinock nd Glawoth of28, heget street, Waterloo-place,~~ware Trade, and Effects. ~ ~ es, c L AUCotiO,on o the rmss' 4 Jr.lrypas Fiebury-tEsquare TonoUoT,Jue4,TI1CtoeKet an lniinedae crsu of thery Remisw,iAut areo to heuleddon) copigonmrsiandmanyouerse ixtures lagoopefah gscadliters,turtthngwpress.oTh tetoricknipalo E bung 0 aisens omnsan nd c; ls hlren'soots beha sone the prmssnthe hemauctio eers,artiLery- clace,sinsalarg Poretion ofth LbareowhelaengG.Lok art, gsReq. booTk C andrit, SIMPS N r a ct eers ofto litearyo property, twoillesEL byo AuCtION, B-atu thei grat om 191.ol Picd Fa.T-orow Jond ies,otand si twofoloin dats.aPOT N Re mwAte othehDevifee of Sirus WalterScot.ew o thclatcoMpr.isingman inar.Juestn at nd valuablerbookin,al cassesr o vlitberature themwort oR f tHeprnciAWl o Englshhitriy70ans,zdfratists,bl andpot;alsothre won,rksa ofsoeryhgtt of themotivateonmepforessigautords,iGeeko tndLeretion clsscs auplarrgesidenctieo work ondmLh simtuoatiyon fewn engravingslandpea boos o prnt, a. Ctaoguwaes wTislornt on riuaeeit of buoystwmos Linbury w ies from Lurp inmsntown, Bof-VLutonlan isml Foreoplcd byM.P Pgt,armosad rFuibleCotaes,an th tareenltalos. 1 e anYuma devho sees ine turusteunde the% wll) of thderlateM. t William Ewcherto sEL byxt AUCToN, at reholdGeortgesHotnl,Gartens,onithuatday Jue . a 2in heafenoon pan vfteery talubean cmpye actofREEHOLD FARM, tfnealy7 acre of MricJhnamblerlandpstr land, ignta superor reidenc or tindil,teer Luation. ben priulry la san, Cornwahigh itravelly sil.dTeuive Lahiearuns tHrougth restate, aitordi ng od Material watereo.ThaltIsiueaLbrytw bMR. F. P.gt mHOstrspnbl tennt atL a reta ofC£110,per aum, randwhson(Foridthe purpoeo thit mierlisudyernIlotcepto uint toat Warring,ionlocithr,aLuennuror oftMa. John Cubneraandet, hlad agent architct. arveye, andauctineer,LutonmBeds ores, fturlture andallot cr artieler,formingth awvoleof thoproperti othe adventurers in and on the mine. The Bett in extensive, and is held onlease for 21years,from Tanuary,1853. ata royalt-yof 1.15th. The mine lezin sfull stateo ofwor-long.h3s returned copper orenwithin the last three years of the value of 5,000 and upwards, and there are good couse of Copper ore in the 50 andotherlevels,from which returns can be continued, M T. P. Thomas begs todraw the attenUtion of parties interested in mining to the above ale, as it is an opportumity which seldom occurs of acquiring a meet vauable property, the samebeing for sale wi thout reseren, F,or ar'ticular.,ad to view the amie app to Captain Polglaze, L«anivet Cornwall and for catalognes sad further particulars apply to MEr. Jno. Watson. 13. George-yard, Lombard-street and to the auctioneer. 2. Crow n-court, T e adneedle-street . I,n don. No. 7. Grafton-street, Berlkeey.sqssare.-Weli-manufactured House- hold Furniture, Chimney. Pier, and Console Glaaes.elegant Pariasan . Timn-plces6, -aluable Oil Paintings, China, Glass, and other Etfects. R. ARBER Will SELL by AUCTION, on Wed- neaday, June 11, and following day at 12 Precisey, (on account of the exation of the lease,) the w;holo'of the well-made HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE; comprisieg mahogany foupt and iron bodsteads, capital beds and beddifg, excellent cabin etchamber fermilure. n wardrobes, cheist of drawers, choval and drening glasse marble-toP wash-stands and tables, easy ebairs, and conches. The drawing rooms, boudoir, andbreakfastromacontain sulte3 of green sil tabaret window curtains, couches, setteos. ottomans. and easy .chairs, covered easute, chinsn o glass, with tables. two eight-light cut-glas chan i;'era, rowDsDd loo and occaional tabei el~ egant Parishen timae-pieces and candelabra cabinets withl marble tops, satinwoodc linder-front writingtable, cina ndnumerous orzamuental items. .hedining room furiture includes Spanish I mahogany set of dining tables, sideboard, dinner waggons, chairs in morocco leather, easy chais sets of moreen windoW curtains, aluable' ol paintings, &c. In the lirar are mahogrny pedestal ibrary tables, ' wingedhookeases, iettees,BcoasetsandKidderminetec is. - Tcr - plete fittings of the domsetico and other effects.a be vieed wtwo days previous Catalogues maw be obtained on the premises; and at the offices of the auctioneer. , i, ,rount-atrect. Berkceley-sqare. | To Llnendra rs, ilkseroers, Hotiers. Haberdashers, &c. I 'rR.WAllER BURTON will SELL by AUC-. j 1 T1ON, at his Rooms. 3, Broadway tudgate-hill. on Thursday, June S, at t7 precisely, the STOCK of a DP.Aifit Mercer, Ac, corn-: pFn sags, cxaeo:spr ink js hriUh a , coburg, ahawls,; rihsik, oiey coe, ae -baabery s 0s Qis F ili edn.e- PA5t-en4I"IMs Pinne. onseni=e from the Station. a Vila Residence, rpeew accommodation, and surrounded by its owngrounds h nureaesved asale. RtOBINS is instructed by A. T. Gordon, Esq.,j Pto rSEL b y AUCT IO0N. e. t the Au ctio a M a rt, onr.Fr i da y, Jun e 13; at It. without snxy swerve, in eansoguience of buirernoving to tois-n jF.AST END LODGE. Fin)ner. TeM delightfully situate amid.st its own -pleasue grounds of about thre acres, in a high,ly pituresque countay one nailsfrom athe railway atatiou. The villaig.sunusually repletevwith~ firdo mnomodatiom baying four sitting room%, seven be rooms. andtbi" atUmcoach-hiouse and atablin; the w ole as in excellent repair, and iahleld uion lease,. of 'v-inch 20 years are uuexpiredl, at a Clow rent. May be viewed daily, anid paLt1Iculrz1::d of T. J. Jerwood, Esq., 17, Ely-ploae, Holborn-. at the Auction Mart .andl at Messrs Roi' fiMCovent-garden, . I~wdowneoad orth Kg park4gWottng4 J-h-l-heecapital Resilde!)cMs with gardens, perfect for immed.iate occupalion, ROBINS is instructed by the 3fortyagee t-6 APSLFLY at heAuctiou3Mart, on Friday. June 13, at I an three lot, withotitreserve,'TREEezoellentRESDENCES, for occupation, Ori SCe ioveaitment, being Nos,U, I4, and-16, Lanadowne-mod nortb, KensingtOn-park. Nottling-kila degbhtful sltuation, rapidly adiincing In Public estimation, the house poasessing the roost perfect. accoinmodation for familes admura'bly arranged, with gardlens, und the adTuoussoga beaLutiful pleasare garde 'alt te rear, The lite-es %rq 0the annual value of £75 eacb, and aLre held for a term of 95 lea'se at I-.m ground rensa Iday be viewed daily, 5napu-clars bad oD"tne Premises; at the Clarendon Hotel ;onithe estate; oflVemrs.s lRoy and Caxtwzignit, aolicitors IUthibury ; of Edward Slaughter, Faq., solicitor, 15 Xvsfield-stre-t. et mn -dshsqar - at the Mart ; and at Mr-RobiO~ffler.COTent-garden. . To Bldes.-erepto,y ad IporantSale of Tweutytliree unSnihedResdenes,forin St Cooro-terac, ensingtocs-pnrk, is dlirected by the~ Xortgagoe to ACINto the higheet bidder, at the Mart.oni THREE a ReMron i CACAS,-oringSLCo lom-terae, enainio-pak,Notting-hill. The derelopnvnt of this m9e atraciveestteis rapidl advancixag towards rompletion, and it Is cosideed tht th eha areend position of these houses will, as soo asfinshd, ommndtenanta of the Enat repectahliity, the ar. co noain poosed being of wa.sperior dcscription, whilst the locality and salubrity of the air offer more Advantsges Than. any other situation round thenmetropolis.. There ia agardenutoeach house or ing to an vrnamnentaJ pleasure mrund at the~ reaLr. The bouses are ' for aterm of Idyersuc at a ground rent of £1. a year eacb, eid itas pr iyedbeu cnmpleted1heY WMl each readily let a.t £12 peranu, iaybe viewed daily. and particular -hAd on the preuises ; at the CaZZadn Hotel oni the estate:- of Mfesas. Roy snd (larwI ht, soli. ciors.Iolbuy at the Auctiork Mart ;and at.Mr.-Iodes- irs £oetgre.-NIB. o,teserre;bidding whateye-wll be, *ade by the RLLtheir Roos in Covent-gase,T-orw ue4 t1odc FRECH P%n?W1 GN5 ecltyanoiddietfomFrs new and elegant patterns inx s&tn n lcserce ihgl,as faiio daborations fLor drawing rors annasdodis n ag assortmnent-of- English papers, or a auperiordecito,arnditoon venlieht Iota. On view,in Covent-garden. AteInin?ortation fl3rdnnBv Ci~Sculptne,Car-ringein wodPitings,and. ees e sromGermany. MIJESSRS. OXENBAM- anid SONS will SELL by . LAUCTrION. at their Rooms,35, Oxford-street, near the Paintheoni, THIS DAY, June 3, at 12, a anali but exceedi]ngly interesting importation from Germany, comprisingan old Venetian glass chandelierof great beauty, old Dresden, SNr'es and Japan chinia, carvings in wod a few clever paintings, finely sculptured marble groups ot old It=la art, clocks, and numerous highly valuable and curious items, May be viewed on IMouday and morninig ofsale, anid cataloguesbad. CsbPital modem Furniurem,a splendid Cottage Pianoforte byAllason end AllaSon, severAl others, Chimney-glasses, Plate, a quantity of Plate Articles andnumerous useful and ornamental Miscelanies. iESSRS. OXENHANI and SONS will SELL -by iLLACTJION, at their Roomns, 353, Oxford-street, near the Pantheon, on Friday next, at 11 for 12 punctually, the capital xmodern FU EiNThUtE ; comprising Arabian. four-poet, and otber bedsteads, wRithi hangings and bedding comPlete. 'wingedl and plain wardrobes d.swrs,asbsand, drssig tales glases Ar; walntut-tree, rose- woo, ad mhogny ialng,sofs, ouces,cudeasy chairs. tables of' ever kind cabinplsret, cmoeodishsqueceaire,Thiey andpeier Fulisse~' a spendi cotagepianofotd byGlason and Alff o,e n ape n M SR.OXENHAM and SONS wfil SELL b~y A-CIN, on the Premises, on Wedneiday. June 11 end followin3g day, at 12 each day, the 'superior FURNITURE, including damask curtains for Eve windoves, -waSh rosewoodchs.rs sofas, couche aide andcentrerottomaus, coveredensuite, splendid chimneyand cnta glasses -with tahles to oDrrespond, clnindeliersslIon, card, oocasioal and other tahles, ormamentol itemsr, dining room and librsLrr clairs and sofas, sideboard, set of dining tables. bookcase, &o.: four-poet and secon3dary bedsteads andI hangings. with tLe capital bedding, vinged and plain wardrobes, drawers, washstands, glatacs, dressing tables, &c.; the domestic requisites and numerous effects. Mlay be viewed on the Tuesday antecedent and marnings.of sale, and catalogues had; also, at Messrs. Oxesihamo's offices, 353. bOxifor-sreet. near the Pantheon. Leicsstershire.-A most desirable Freehold Esrtate, in the best part of ,the county. In the centre o the Lrst hunting districts, with capital Family Residecoe, immediate ossso of which may be had, M ESSRS.f OXNAMad S have received instructions from the Execntor of the late Thomas Vowe, 11an tdSItILby A'UCTION, at theThreeSwenslnn.iaYetUaFrborough on Tuesday. June 24. t S punctually, in three lots, a singularly desirable FREEHOLD EST&TE, tithe free,- sit'-ate in the parish of Hlallatn,A about fear miles from Uppingham and seven from Market Harborough, it is ulso distant abDu three miles from the Methournebridge Station on the Rucby and Stamford Rtailway. and six from the proposedestationontheLelcesterand Hutchin IRaliway whirla.when completed, wfilbring itO miles nearer the metropolis. The propert3-comprises themnanor-hous,_ avTervyhairde6ne stone-built residence in the Gothic style., with capnital etab~ling, looseboxer,kIenn,elforharisasm, d erectedb the late MEr. Vowe, within the la-st few years, atean outlay of several thousand pounds- together -with the valuable manorial rights, and a6bout 190 acres of some of the best pasture land in thae county. The favourite mneets of the Quorn, Pstebley, and Cotteemore bounds are within an easy distance, thug rendering it singularly desimable to a gent3,mmsn fond of hunting; there is also a capital fox covert on the estte,Paricuars wth lanof he stae,may be obtained. 14 days ~io tothesal, a Te Mnorhoue, ndFox Inn, Halleton; the Pue Sastan,Mrey.Fmturearb d HousboFldo Inn,Uppngtarn t J.el n Th. SThEVeCoNS Hoel SELeer als ofCTI es,rs. tabruhe and,minM Grondon ofl tMessr.Fadgrove, PutnIey. and incho, Jue4b tIprecisely, the FURNITURiE of a cottage resiAdence, of the usual description, pianoforte by Broadwoocl, bookcase, cud a few bool', chintugiss n houseold effects of,a gentleman leaving England, Mary be Tiewed the day prior, and catalogues had on the premises, and of Mr. J. C. Stevens. 38. King-street. Covent-garden --Shells, Miinerals, Rifees Booaks, Apparatup, Curiosities, &c ItJ. C. STEVENS will SELL by AUTCTION, TWLAt bis great R,oom. 35, King-street, Covent-garden. on Friday, June 6, atI'precisely, EIGHT of GILSYs'sPATENr RIFLES, which obtained honoumrble mention at thed Great Plaris Exhibition, Lang's rifle. Large musical box, booka. -Raise's galvanic battery cabinets of shels,naiorals, and other specimens of natural history, curiosities, do, Mfay be ies-e on the day prior, and catalogues had. *Orchids. Imported and Established. MlnR. J. C. STEVENS will SELL byAUCTIONI, at iLhis great Room, 35. King-street. Covent-garden, on Mondayj. Ju ne .9. a t 1 Prec iselY, an I MPOR-TA TIOI, -fro m Java, o f PHAL.dXOPSIS GlIANDIFLORAL, ascolabium Blumel, eid uvsla do, Also a small collection of establishied plants of nerides virens, sidoratum 'purpurescrens Larpentie, nascuosum mnajor, saccolabiumo gUtt,atUna, -vanda, eceroiles, Cattleya labiata. quimdos, acsandive, and eli-gaas angrcecaum eburneum. do.- May be viewed on the morning of sale and catalogues had. Orchids; an Importatilon from Brazil. iIir .J.. SEVE S Mll ELLby A'UCTION, a'. Jun 10a a1oclc prcsl h fn ltmase geverinpred PofpLerty o lata Pltenta Moo,ada out 2 of thesbeariv lPameoy. Itr.RM RSil SELL by AUCTION, as WLL aboe, on Thursday next, at 1 precisely, 210 OIL PATh'TINGS, meetlhand omely t f amed. vebydesteem ledarTists fmoernt shls Yih OUesecmNsGo Tha beeondimsters.Otitew tho daSpEvious tiner,Eat Lodg, attenninrto-n-lone The Mnauctioneerbg to call he arlwl-ucla riatvetio ofbuerStoNCthe abve bepingl rpeirfe stlyageino vation. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ gtromd ulntas Smal, ompct,an vey dsirbleInes mdents. oad at £0 pr anum ach ous: alo Tree eigtroonnm edrbsantuially andTo pivae Huse. i Uper emotonstret.Caledonlen-rnad. Partculrs wll e rdocty redy or isue-Aurionoffic'es, New Lanadown-place, Brunswick-squfare,-Genteel Furniture and Effects, by direction of the proprietor (leaving England). MjESSRS. KEMLP Ill SELL by AUCTION, on tL ie Premises, 7,.Lansdown-place.Brmaswick-Bquare, To-mior- mahtoganyee, fo surpe,andohrbe. odsteads, ehoddi chesitsrof drawers Hunting Watch. aLnd numerous. Effects. ME SRS.PEASAIL ad JRDEN Mvill SELL ~~~~~~t E Lby AUCTIN t2,Mle-tet T-orw ue4h t1 for lThe HUSEHODKURNTUIIE comptsin foras ind couches, mahgan tble en cair, arpts ndcurais,oprie,E festcar beds, bedteas, ai matrese, cest ofdrwer. rsbtand g-and, Tottig prevous o, ad moningof te sae, ad caalogesabad ond e the rem The vry.neef CoLLI eGtinno aiostrcte Atoq tisELL me by AU . ILLIO . a th Mrt on FIday JunHEB6Ya1 fRuai seprat los IVEILEANSEOLN HutoUSee , wfithrr Shops,rstuat and boringus toati6, of8the eandt10 vorthmSberlAnd-paON, nearin the hig-road Tot speiale ennts Prtiulrsandcoditon ofsae ay bLohdon. the auctioneer, 21, oleman-street,dsain The eryinteestng Clletio of atinal ti-iilcr fosrmed bynsY chiefy frm th easern outes o Engand.A~mon-g t-he'wbor-kseof art nd elis ofa ltererid amintresingobjectsl of all dezcriptioos, umeronspecimns of lass vses, a til essel,A.;aet0 rins ad sal ofcbslirtib, ema, ad axo peiod, eary alin preparing. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ar 'Upper East Sheen, contiguous to Richmond-park, and near the MWort- * l a k~~~ale and Riclimond Stations, TOGHEILL and JACKSO N are favoured with in- Tstrmctions to SELL py AUCTION, early in July. ii beautiful d- tached VILLA, with meadow, kItchen garden, and lawn, comprisingz about 3* acres, approached by a lodige entrance and carriage drive, It stands in an elevated and imposing position. in in Italisn style of archiltecture, and comprises 10 capital bed chambers, wnith bath room, dressing rooms, do., three handsome reseption rooms, with well arranged offices of every description. capital stabling. and coDach-house,. Also a valuable Plot of Building land, with a frontage of 375 feel and 270feet deep,ocontaining about 2*acres. Tha whole of the nearLy newrand well manufactured furniture will also be bold b:F auction on the two following days. Particulars and catalogues are in preparaLtion, to be had at th fieof Toghill and Jackson, akuctioneers and estate agents,GeorgeAireet, Richimond.,wbere orders to view may be obtained. .Oxfordshire.-Valuable Advowison. Tithe Itent-cbarge, Farm and Land&. SR.FRANKLIN and GALE Mill SELL by M EANCTION.in lots, at the Star HEoteL Oxford. about the middla of June (by dir-ection of the Risit Honourable the Master of the Rolls) the ADVOVMON and NE-XT:and ALL FUT-URES PRESENTA'TIO-NSto the Virrge of Wcstingtou-in the county ofOxford; part Of the ReIctoria Tithes or rent-chargze in lien Thereof, on lends so the ~righ Of WAtlington. belonging to the IBisop of Chichester, Colonel Yna. and Messrs Painter and Taylor, amounting at present to £C71 I9S& lid. per year : 'past of Watiington Farm, compising h Ouse and farm ssreuliaes, with!ZW&a 3r. 2IP, Of land, all in the parisha of 'Watling'ton; Windroill-field and Atmnarab-field, in the parish of Watlingteo -containing Sla. Ir. 37p., with a right of"wy through the lancls of John -1a4mes' a merasge andpremisss in Coiaching.street, Watlington ; the Knowles and Parsonage close, iuWatlington. containing 6a. I1r. 19P.; -the Goosebery-bush field, in the parish of Britwell Salome, containing -12a. Sr,2,7p - Plope's-close andEarn-clas, In the parbli of Watllngto; -conaingigA, Sr. lIp,, in the occupation of Thomas Painter:Sa Pop's-ood inThepaish of Watlington, containing Ifs, lr. Si.1 ul partculrs wll e sorly announced, and meanwhile further normAtionaay beadofe.emrsBrce anu COILt Surrey-street, Strand, LouI- doer Mesrs,tickrdsand Wallker, 29, Lincoln's-inri-fielda. London;. iMsers Smth Stnnig,and Croft. 3. Basinghall-street, London; G. J.Ncleiso. Rq 8Rysmood-buildings, Grzy-'suim, Londoe; and of thCMit4Ql55f5~ &kide Gausinaton, Oxocs, W,. H. HIEWIT has received ititructions to 1&v. Sb.T bY AflOflON. at t-hcMart.c-tBi e-da3, Junie l'.ct 12: auexoel]emtLE-ASEEOLD I"1'.OERTY, cooiEtinmgo a dectratble t. "i~eiiej cin Ko 4~C'Mon-erre~,mosipeasantly Eicot orer- TOkn BMW ma i mad and di-Qrectly Freting Ladiobruke-~oe.Ttte p-re1 anses winh ar at reweth Uflietd ute posste s ,,tdnn -tofd pe anu,aebllraogtra, I a t. round ruent. Jayue IO, trA SELdLpbrtAuCaTIOba at the Mat o . Rrer.Eq,slctr Ilaorer naftnnels Moendg at rar.ti FREHitsOLDes Ii, lcHjar-stc To Erw' ari Otelyras.-inpe Fretehold Pe.ioThe 1-Ymiztor-laue baverecetlyeen willsAr nmdat posrent ios.p~-,ad moit fR .H. HEFWITT hast received insttrcticns ~to IASELL byAt 'T.O at the Mr.o uc'y ue1,a 2 hroders b! the -Nort. es and6 Wtalstri FREEHOLD-qure lUClf tUto hghavxe rectalybeen 'erreareat pretsent rxn~go;CcnPi-er, anu mmediteprpmeayloins beldfrad.rm of biei vitwar.dso tSO aisuticslan. uwixtr coa atigound reate.a aTthe paem;ses ? S.e viee. bynsn peqr,issiGrny's-inn square:, and ofath calmtio-eerh ioLi.at-t!=ifee.t d ~ tlon . Mad . WNeBOO }buio,s13ua,e-liil Cannsehold InWeatnment, angro'l aacing a4 annurmi.n X.~5Tr nm W. H. EWI{T ags received insttuction9 t-or iLL SEL by ACTION.AU h CTIT AthMart,oTey JuL ne10.ret12 in to lts,a roiltl LaSEO ESTATJ)E,oniTAing two rsAntdenee,brig N's.~ Nd. 33, ritle str`ht, ptos-eqtrcet loether hrghlrespceaN tennts,at recta aona-taSI ati itl 2 i-ertrsnmt ere proprtyis eldfra erm ofwtohupwrdsof rtOyIsear dreunXr*a1G41 at grondrens, The L.es ay eviee by:st permirbe irm oantd teantsia partlrl ~ with cor,briorof sale,bdg ie Mart; p W.rogr, et- 3a ano-cw Wsistor, and PLuco-eA m-i filan aen. 1 HarI-gtreer,o2!oseabury-qlareSea th Ciy.rud~ElgThe sral L.t*aldIneEtment,6 Glconristia of Riasas nd Grtind ems,prdcllage ittpean. na JI.W. H. HE ITT Was received instructionli troi IWSLIteMot byt SELLON yA theTIart attiTcsear. JTme cdoyat .inune let,a1 an exnellent FRE11EH SEOLD a Ed AIZ' eOnaHatin1 ofAToE. bs-omilti houssf o a caprter ahill r .shei!g containi. 3b,eaks 12,. deriul&amst dawnd So. 3, Lttlen bedrchambets, etrce.g taOmehe withirond Platssecued m So. "0"0e1 atAirt 32fi theclaptUle sdugittprannm. Te wloe poperyoi thed Londacon ao aatcciarshadat he Mar; o S.\V.Joro,ew eq, Andplricitor. ; *e and agen procipa. ionsartStoo,-rdeatird,~n~k ilalFrehols htid2, Bedfordirow, aznd M -L G. HEWT aaa rece vedI inastrntions to BEgLLby AUjpTlON,at the AcionAart, o ntTedy TJune10. ntI2 ESAat 1, te naIstiag oY, capitlfml AHaressidoterce, otaining beak.en farv, kinuing, and dorawhng s dryeng lotsAd chamerls. realnag, bloom. ari:golsevans ofics. ntl wel-aranedgairen ano-I plasrex ground. stabing, ad padock, rtnat n tieouts veirt ofte cpuWtlil withconitins o soo, ad t th Pal;mt tead -irselpo inesat l6toey~trnford ofF. . Jecs.Req. rlc%o,s of. t,-de Ti-raw and J{1TG.H'UDSO-N ias r ie instructeons to SL vA C det atc2 hed PILTTERY, kEnowCa Harris's otatheia.ch-o,tauing extnolencal and kitchen, gandeons thepe atn-d four hed, ramn; a pb~out ofd :L crc.Thsotey so in the occupation o uf a* Es.ro. learse, ast nautfronof yeot-moeart,whoiarndewith jasanlcot qit. Partiof tale 3ith plet ban,! thonditiononof ado maybeohadofntheua.uctuan lart. LondGnmiof Means. ordioac nng,sicitors,GGaeat Wincbestea-atreet; and of theuairer olih Plmisadcklemsbuyinl nELr bV'AtwCh.IO,,ATon dtetahemis Hillas. Urrasidencs, wthi ornS AY,ta gardensclck i lots.athea PrI:N twoto UTMrecacre tof te ach,ovesa' sRiVnEtYupincPhurlnganer cm-on,i barre tobolwrhe,comm.andingms lcaemutifra viewsof thei Thmt-les as con r femisesi frot, and the butoldueland Ucnr o botr billon-thedrearh rwr reittlit ~IIIS.G. UDON s iatrctciRo SLw .l SEL- deacedVIlA eSIDT CE withlmm elnln,eahhons ia [ entaSad ithe gPRdTEns REnand h R huss,ad ipddc ofL 2Msrs iyACIN n the ocuptin 1 eisflvre, si. C r,wleasear, a Kagsrenalkof stOh perB a ~onnum; als thJ ne Freehold.t, dtace r ill r Refs.NIdea-e n Iear 7, -t ia taieming ranntlgres, ahwoeo h ENdHOad SE!cA lthrEe aces in tPLoccuationof Ct Made, t,L,ateosntfroneear,dfrom Lhydrayass, a the xpiatio ofsshch h agei- to mitpose-atoa l: threeiontrhs' notice Partcular wat lans nd coditioS. tofsl. m ay(ht be had tlat the ucton Mrt,~.onon;of Iecer. Burdleofa pis,d Guning,- tubilchos. Grat inchste-stret; nd f th ascltIorrtoe tWoole-iCh.A Slurpabre Bewey, ity-oad--PintNCTs, rays, eR-ndsCart, TIONeb.rbuy ztl SheL by-idne AUCION onr theaz Premientsl, TaW-terrace. Cty-end. a THI Da , vhatb12 o'lock, nALts Pthe PLANT anx coper,thre-quartergmash-ten, oolers coasdar. crslOthou hoeis. thoe malstof£5tunearyne. Thdiseaoe 't.LD2mEaslotd.inl slarn, toWcda tono kLisldrines,the drays,9 U1.and ar. Myh iwd n ctlg had on thepremises;arkd of th iturtoeers ~l igWliRn-tre Thn-o GenBird, epttnse ctsFlrits and otterse..- 1IWSBAS ROET(oRErchin- aOeRISwiIU SELL b iT.yAUCTION. atteMat omorrow, u olwn:ds,o h PWerialcesin a valuareda,a 2 COrTt-NTss COLLheCTFIOEN ofFUC No. vr31 niumsead ovther owplats din bloom,sith ae f ie asortonsitiof ofnmeigntal ulantinorbedig Onar vidaew t-he uing hektof o32. Catalour, hadbaltes cahret,cadmof the auctiones, tw abietrcanuonurser, c L-eyt behro'mi emsonGeatleaen. fou-pst-ta,inodb bth.ers.Ad uz tabesS . an gasesTadHuerouotestEan msRRlwiUSEL re.LLbye,aUCTON vaons othe r effes. T b'aera-eqnsrs,a Kioge-rasa molsrni nFgsny Jun -6. Caat u1. byaodr (1A D. S2cit,'ec,n, solvito-, h0 cGrearint 3amscarlt etfand Ohro-geraiuthe Yorkaebaden ydraznteas: pucaik;aclofVerbec careolar19, Birztierme,'iomaro ilsta..irt~p cat_fws andW sundry Fet. May BOcNvEwe no-otAsaeM' tlI y willRBESLwLlSL pe-mtr by AUCTIN v h(i IrlebTone. aet th Residence.re 1, TH r-trrS e F en'spaR,T corowethly h,vr atpeI.o a vaOUEHlDabl URNITUR1,PITlgI,M coasdaltng W ashi.-ngthebFeet of~u-o r rseterdof Rubjaseewol Oudbar mnttor(s be y tc h Vnu h bsiceutks,andsupetrmor a entiond marllelanio'asnef China. Foreign tblds, Reptgles. Inser'ct,vand oterEee incaveBan.gl BArNES (ofe sBirch1indaefwil r Ltb tuite, apestry, Toee-smorrow,carndtfollcineidys n h reiesIh iomen b wanthen roswnerdurn a m iresienvelov-0etars,cnisig( st arfd, forin birds.pileng, and oinsec tse, vrost cuies i( m, bn a hnair etinga, eater-cbirs- etmnwins, arid eonamlv ucrsln w iim oerigdinal Sain(etigMabylsaedainlea3 ofshn Pethe ccc Pof -ourdAviorar bysurhneninstha librarofboo-a Asrrsre SoldcLicathey pt.friue com-go 3A roSeH drain roomei ute instrucions,tao inaoudex tabes,cabnexts,ess chefftenierlocls, twof ahi etrsionos, chimney,&. bdroitems t u mthoany fartte ar-ot, and oThu r b edsted Tann 5 jzrnifares, cnlet,anlbddng wnged wardroNCEs,for te tsmof ,lsera, defesiig table andglases, nd auneroa oters tea ct-uta, clss._in ite lce requsits. ad vriou oter efecs. T evtiehwe bay prior ancl,jd DeESrS.l Invstandt. . K Bpa-OXad. Kingsitol announFe. the wU] ill SELL by AUCTO,a ;hers~Lu Rooms,5 at9, Marleboms-siet,lrc'nt-rinsrart, THIS EV rEay IN(; t fr ciely1, vby superio h orrHOUSEH eLDFIVE EAI~gOD HlRI c~ronitn ofe mahogs)slanyeAindteing, four-3ost ian,dand Yo aeithernbed stands, ianliase, wnm-ooland haPirceofnatsresdj. caingl eoc-uplmed ; tibedsinclar, tices, and perio tledd,ofwich, marbe-top and otherx unhMindcarved andgilat fams three aireutfor tha.i7oneof 433s irls bed rans in walnu and roewood, cvered i green relnvet lutyline vdemasc, leo card, ocrasitthfalaPat!cu~r NUdlesetungle MaowsTices sd. bsamrb, wndow curtains - the-H ternRa~incudaabingl2ewrercs,ilt or-don. wisthm an ohr ofies,ion.ve n stlgnsba tte2rue PeioiclSal etalse inDGWIlKof ttrSOeN, Ps-vebee. nsfsnoires She!ares. onRds ay.-JulTh25. at 2.ionealt,.iie, Tn-boud I ~O ACRR of Assurantcendiion,theEqutable Asrance Seembtly. iPine rii Harro. MayS b un receiedd1dy pintrutctle(ion7s to incPlude Harrmow ; next onhl Peu ierioia RedeI of, lries elons,ud Pol;ce', t Wappointd;t twake.placmeratthe art,'o TeHurseay Uxt. ia,-eS. Act1 inrtwolt. andof Il of Ar& Sed BcazCdSor th rlmofLdg, ffd awieththe Eutbesaget aWcscc lde,o cyntetArIl qufre113-ip ndat.10 ofrasentleunton nowidenhi Sa Cer,otoet-hert thtehontdeie theeoan.tamodentg touseho ld o autut PllaT of suac ~£r nl aCus ife, in theamineofie effeted mora 11. 9=togthe ibetebeye chesster-ste, city; na cho r. W Marshoo Gobli,t, mo reterw,Mn Dfetsi rabemoved frm Book-igreenand-od Upigspner idlesex.gs m.R OTJHTOMASwill SELL bv AUCTION, atThes - -L Labalvr,5Lien, tengsquarrdrad, on P.:YJurscay Jn. at!% foci (HreOLD sos) iut andrERE teing 1234 and 5, Yirgr"mLtlr-placHinge. trlaud, irteewan-oad; anerd aPenceo Laraud aidoing rccute asIT a tbaisnberard eld und eaucnr aleease, ofrwhich 61 3esrs saceueckr iatl nrlent teants,rodcnsole3 paber annum.xt The premisxt-tes mAyndiveres!. bywonsn oof,te everandresentsyetaudays eltprirlte caratels an.srnctr Fsdhac-road,Chelse, 1 his -iRs,Is IM W vcuch And recliing and ether chaiirs to =natch, pc-dc-tal d,1a- boards superior ret of Spanish mahogany elir.inz talclrs 12 feet by 4 feet 6, dinerwggon,gas nd oter candeier.turley carrTa', Ilcrr cherl clsses chets o draers,eseial bth ifthlaiw trils. at- To Capitalists, Manufacturers (lain-nillers, andI othcsr-HuLtingdon- sire, adjoining the Clity of Peterburorrgb.-A Freeholi S'tam 1c- '.ilI, well adapted fey gener-l eeaLufaetUrnog purposesr, with a 40. horse power Steamn-Engine. &-c. MiR. ROWLSTIONE is inst-i-ested to SELL by pub.l ic AUCTION, at thel,Inrt. Lxndcn, oil Montday. June 9, at 12 (unlessprev-iouslydisposed of by privte e5nitrrst, of sNithch ac,trcnic,te wil be given), a capital FRL7MOiLD STEAMl FLOUR MILL.~ Bnew]3r and most substantially bnuit, regaidress of cost, and- cnalie of - riding 1,400 sack of grIn p "er ik.Th rl 05ii-cf fe-tr buidig, and contanWgiding, stone, COOlinr, ared ether fle-,-n ee,. a- rater .iev and sftore rooms, granarIes, unglue sndI biler roams, I;vo counting rooms, hc., wi,th forematn's vc'ige aRdois,nf, end ont-offidtca -andlard attached. TherebLiftingabpartttszfnrTlrrsmng.Lnd unl,adinig direct both from the Eastern Counties Railway (the good sU ltbra ,of *hich is immediately adjoiningi and from thexive.rS-ene. AttzrchoA to the nMil is a 40-hokrse powrer steam, condensing ergjr,, fdtead jth two tubular steam boilers, fO., in goonl worhing order, dir-vi'ng ntine -=1tn maChines two blowers (cod hint) rnd cow-I, Cleviatbms innrre and all neeteasry zofing gear complete, on the rriemtism aSp- pnup. which forces water to the top of the building to a lar-ge iron tank. fsQmin which the mill is stpplled, There is alsEo gas laidi on, ar,d hlyls si.r -centy let to Y.0&4. Smeeley and Co., as testnte fmrin year In year, at, theb ren' of £5N108 Ot per annum, and eye ncw in bandA. The sitnation 'o(thepremiEesis estraordinarily goodI, offering unnlrilec -traaisit both;by rafl and water.- and surrousded thq-xcdlieot nSrlSt both forbuYingand seIlIng. There is sail-s-anconmununira6ion from tiuS Eastern CoDuntlw and Great, 27ortiber Ftailwsm-& direst to tousle's Livrpol,Birinham Machste ad mstof the other aeiltat= B~ SSES. (GELLETLY and Co. hoeg-rMsect'tnl, -iitetato that the FREEOID PROPEITtTY at RtUrenit tired for sale co Friday Oha.hvn er mvd5lb~ will be sabmitted fol ula CMEIINonTceiy t"Jn, at 1 O'clock prinotal-Ofca , adttc,Priiet*a
