MOAE-YMETurgjder~yiT-T7LLIfBNCyes o~khles to-da,bu prhiices a temporary increalse 101 ulnxi t-&y blL pl so on. returned to Their 3nnyadTheanractiona 'were at 95k tofo. -wifh 95 to -for the 10th of Sep em er, -he '' except-ion or a short period during; Which tequotation for money touched -95. Bank, Stbch left off at 21741 to 2Ti&.1; Redu6ea, saJ t-o w; w{ imheee Cets., 95S totJ6; Consols Scrp, 3gkto i - Annuities, 8j~ to ~; Idia Stock;, ~3to 283 ; - bods,100kto ; an Exhequr.blis,lz. to 14s. Ther wer tue applications for mnoney- et the rankto-ay,to eetthe loan payment of, 500,000., andthecomercaldemand was likewise active- The transfer books Of the -varioua stocks on which the dividends are payable i-n October w L close on the 5th of Septemaber, -ith the' exception 6f the N,ew Three per Cents., which are to close~ on the' Foreign securities have ex-perienced little fluctua'Loue to-day, but prices were -less firm towards the Close. Turkish Six. per Centz. were negotiatedl at 1039, -6, and, ~ for 3money, and -103-s for the ac-rcount... The rtour per Cents. Guaranteed were pr ,chaszed at 104 and 1031. The operations in otheer descriptions comprised-prazilian, 102% Buanos Ayres,3for account, 81; Peruvian Four-and-a-Ralff per Oenta., 83k; Portuguese Three per Cents., icr MO-ney, 46 and i; and for the account, 47; and Spanish Il?hree iier PJents., 4-43. Tho closing quiot-ations from the Paris Boursb -failedl to arrive this evening, bat transactions took iplace shortly aft-er the opening at 70f. SOc(. for thle account, showing a further fractonal decline. The telegraphic accounts from China to-day are to0 the 10th of July, and the rates of exchange- show1. no alteration, the quotations still being 4s. ld. ait Canton andl 7a. 3d. at Shangghai The shipments of silver to t-hat country may therefore be expected. to0 continue on a large scale. The exports of tea, to d ate were 8,00,MUoOlb., and of Bilk 49,70() baes. Thea crop of new silk- was large, but the silk- d5s'tricts were threatened with trouble from the rebellion. At Cfanton t-he tea-market had openedl at 29 taels. The new teas were said to be inferior tD thoese of last year. The insurgents were reported to be making progreas The bar silver Drought by- the last West India -. atamer has been sold to-day at the same ratsQ as that obtained for the previous arrival-namely, O1ld. per ounce. The dollars have not' yet been di:&osed of. A return has just been issued by the Board of Trade of the' declared values of British and Irish ~redce nd anuactues xpotedfromi theUnitea thefolowig lsthasbee copild~showing the eidr i whch he arius ommnitesof the world rank as our. customers The total-is 95,688,0851., against 97;298,9001. ina 1854 and 98,9.33,7811. in 1853. Owing to the revulsion. from over-speculation in the Australian and Canadiasi trade,s, the pro. whoe,preens afalin of o 7000004,although Indi, whch, rom he pospeityconLsequent on thedemnd or ubsitues or ussanproduce and thoutlay for railways, ehbtdi 1854 an inICraeo 1,800,0001., figures aggain for an increase of O0O0.With r-egard to foreign countries, the ffctofthe chronic pressure which has continuaed to prevala in- the New York money-market Iave aganm been shown in a diiniintioni of our exportsto the Unitedl States. In 1854 there was a decrease of 2,248,0581., andl a further falling, off of 4,092,2831. is now observable. The amount to Germaany has been swollen by the overland tradle to Russia, the augmentation beingl1,222,7761. France exhibits the extraordinary increase of 2,837,3681.- -equal to 90 per cent.-a result due partly to the purchase of war materiaJs inathis country, andpurtly to modifications in.her tariff. To Turrkey, asmigght have been expected, our exports have mnore than doubled. Russia is of course entirely out of the list-, but the consignments to Balaklava and the eother ports in our own possession amounted to nearly half a milimon. Aniiong the countries which show ;an improvement are Sweden and Norway, Brazil, andl Niew Granada, the difference in each ofL these' cases being large. The trade with Syria anid Palestine ini cneuneothwirhsepinced a ~)anbianPriaipaitis, wichdeclined froma 179,101 in185 to 6,421.in 854, stailid in the present retr at 4G37.Bli ro;Geece, -Italy, M5exico, Peru,Veeul,adCi,ar all on -the fa-vourablesd.Sansosafligf. The Iliver Platetrdexeineahev rato, J3uenos yrsadUguybtprsnigagreat -decline.Potglad enakhvbenstionary: 2. UrtiLh DOusnicas Ar.stra19~~~.6,275,96 We3t Thdies . . 1.97 9,93 - 4Gib-aiLV 8~~~~~~29,334 South Atrica. 791,313 Ilalta.65,2 Pazza focamautiou.ia the Crirea - 433,533 Ecugirsag-55~~30,M0 SrierraLeone,&c ..- ... - 06,051 -; miftritus- - - -03.175 loar.a Islands. . . 11,ss Otheronassns . - 6.4 - £M,52,875 .,Uit -d States, ladlidg MOMifeal - - --. 7,166 - Esnieatic Ton 8,350,223 9,987.60 --0. Posara6.012,638 ~3Turkey-5.639,813? -.HoTh-nd .. - 433,1 2.Italy:-- Naspleosnd5irly - -921,2255 Eardina - - -053.936 Lomabardy, fr-c. . 17,733 Tuscany.620,56 Pa3a9 terriltTrieS - 147,013 3,260,169 2. 33elgsmn.1,707,293 M.. PortugaL, ine-luding 3124,922 to the Azores atxd Ma- deira. .- 1,415,713 3LZ1t 1s-1,451.371 25 Para --- 1,235,160 lASpain In, tudinzx£10,15 t tihe &.WinyIslads 1,268,815 15. CObS . - -1,053,603 16. SwedonandlTora-sy.102, 17. gyria and Palestine --- 9A46, 715. Cina ---..8.5.3,6171 10. Westeru Chart of Africa . 3,3 20. enm.lrk.. .. . 759,33 L. Mue=o Ayres .. . ...4..44 ~2. 1ew Granada - ,503,033 MU St. Thiomas- 567,789 25. jay-i.29,s15 a.Venezuela.578,219 53. Uruguay.W -2.Greee.- 222,463 m.L Soreco.133,697 M~ WaIrLrla3 = ar10 Moldavia45,337 393 Frends Se=rgabia. 33,270 .24, Othercountrle3 .. 2- -Notice has beeen given by the Post-office that thi mails by the new screw steam line to the Cape, and Calcutta will be made up on the 5th of. every 3month, commiencing wRit t-he 5th of 'September. -All letters for the Cape, Ntstal, - St. Helena, and; (Aae will'u be sent by this conveyance, b ut those for Mauritius, Ceylon, and 'India will continue -io be forwaIrded -ci4 Suerz, unles specially addressed to go by the Cape. A new line-oif B'rasil -steamers is about to he. atarted. TheY are auxiliay screws of 700 tons and S0 horse power,_ and one is to leave Southampton for Bahia. and Rio on. the 23a of every month-. The' names of the vessels3 are the.Celt, the D)aubI, anid -the Norman, andl a fourth ismi coure of- constru-a. lion. The Norma-n Is to sail on the 23d, of September. I he Cunard steamner to America oil Saturday -will be the Camnbria, in placea of the Arabia. Thie Arabia is to be ready on Thurzday next, and will be despateched on that day as an extra vesseL. At a meetin.g of the Victoria (London) Dec14 Company held to-day, Mlr. C. Morriszon presidiuag, the Ieprt andlaccounts were unani:mously adopted. it Was stat-cd that the average amomat of tonnage .is 1,287 per diem~ which compares favourably, with the re-tturns of the other compauies, whose -totals s-tand in, the following proportions :-L.ondon flDocks, -1,Q062; St. Kal;rie~, 581; East and Wesazt India;, 2,633 ; and the Comimecial, 713., -The paid-up capital having now reached 709,004, the proprietors Wil receive a fraction above 5 per cent., as -on t-he oiecess of. 700,0001.. the lessees pay an addittional'i. per cent. In answer_ to questions,, it wma mentioued .that the caims of the contraitors are for extra -works, &c., nd that the direotors int4nd7 'to, have them 'fuly invesgated.- Witis regard to the position of the dock-gatos, the died of Voneof them haa'receive ome smalldamage,but the relrs Ile expezted -to be pi onimeeted;jnim diately. Thevalue of Lud ia-tho neighbourhod of the do4k- isinerea4ing, and araugemenUt are =r,derstood to have-been entered into bv-the contractors forletting som- portion on ffvourable terms. 'Annexed are the report and accouts i "-The directors subins.the halt-yerly acetunts, made -g to the 30th of June last. Itw il b seen from themtla.; the amount of the shurerapital paid on acsiL, or in advance of calls to that d ste This has since been increased by additional paments to 709,0724 Accordingto theprovisions ofth3 e les,the lesseesre to FaYtotha company6per.cent.isead of 5per cent. on allsnns p aid.thp, wheth:er on alIs or in anticiption, in¢ excess of 700)CiOOf hee number of ships which have entered the docks for the nine months oeding tha 2ath inst. has been 1,052, with an aggregate of 352,586 tons. The settlement of accountsbetween the tompaiy and the conactoB has bee delayed by claims which the3e gentlemen have recently made, and which the beard hbve felt it their daty t declie to admit. Usa careful attention of the ors il be given to this subject. 'VIOrnr& (LONXDON) DOCK COMPAWY. : CIrAL Acoosq J" At 1O, s&. To amount receiTed en acoom£t a -s. d' ef origlhol capitai:- SayX20pernshareon2OO00shasres . .- 4.cO0 a To ament received on acoDUnn of addtionil cpitaL, i.:- 10pers Ehare on 21,Osbce . £200.OiO 0.0 SixthCcuofor £2 pershare oa 0 hares .. ..36760 0 0 -- - ~2.Yi76De o Amountrecelvedinanticipatiou. of calls:- Say£prehareon350asareb £7OD _ 6 ,, 400 ,, t460 - S ,, 7.301 ,, 58,408 -- - ~~~~~~61. 0 00 ,- - -- - _ 293,260 DO To aMntn,t ofosase bends ouied to date.. .. 133.000 0 C X r ;f:S~~~~~£31,935 0 0 By am6onnt pasi&nd ci&yge4 to Me Peto, VetA and Brasey,todate .605,172 0 7 By mnarmnt standing ae debit of Peto. Pette andBas P ontfit account .9.8111510 By amoent standing at debit of Peto, Betbe, and Brasey lease account .2,35 10 1 By ameout standing at debit of Steelyward estate .. M388 10 5 By amount standinzg a debit of pubawse of extra land by the COnrap4. 124.015 2 6 Br various amounts dae to the company in acoont cn rent.. 8,774IS 108 By37omonn P&onac untof Parliamentaryexpenses, I= and1854. 4.72916 0 By balarce in bands of Messrs. reywood, Kennards, andCo. ... .. 2,73 9 ;- £1,260 0 0. The following relates to the question as to the cargo brought by the Star of the East: "London, Aug. 28. "Sir,-In reference to the complaint of a tea merchant, that an exaggerated estimato was circulated concerning the; cargo of the Star of the East from China, we have examinedthe manifest of this-vessel, and fdd that, both as compared with*ibE out-turn of -her previous voyge and the estmate made by the shippers at Shanghai for the present one,, the reportof yesterday is a fair. approrimation t<o the actual' cargo on beard. '";Wease your obedient servants, "-R1. W. COUSENS, ATOffISON, and Co., "Agen'es Str of the East."
STATE OF TRA DE. YANCHESTEER, AuG. 28. The continued wet weather acts depressingly on the market, and thore is but a limited business in cloth, especially for fabrics suitable'forindia aud China, which are consequently rather easier to buy. Printers and some other kindsare steadier in price. and a demand springs up from day to day sbafEcient to keep stocks moderate. In yarns there 3s some demand for Germany, the Mediterranean, and Russia; as well as from 'manufactarers, and prices are sup ported, but the trade is far froe brisk. IOTTINGHAM, THU2SDAY. The lace tradeis quiet, plain goods being most in demand, wvith a scarcity in supjly. For cotton qiltings thera still continues a good inqury. In other descriptions of goodi there is not much doing. The unsettled state of the weather has some influence, and there is little doubt that with a. good harvest we should have a very brisk trade. Iahosior there r3 a,good average business doing for the season, witl satiafactoiry prospects WYorlunenl are well emnployed at good w~ages. Yarns and silks3 firm,
TE .SCOTCH HIGHLANDER& To THE EDITOR OF THE TimEs. Sir,-Frosn theprorr.inence which- 2Te Times has gven for.many yars to the subject of Hig-hland clearances I hope you wil allow me a brief space for bringing, before the English public one or two facts which have just come under my1 OwP, notice iu regard to that portion of the Celtic race that periodically visitsMWck durinig the two months of the herring fishing. II believe that upwards of 5,000 Highland men and women are at preent livin- her in the proseution of t'he businessl have named. TRey come from Sutherland,Ros3 and the W7ester Idles about the middle of July, and remain till the first or second week in September. The men are chiefly hired en board the fisbing boats, and for their sesspn's services they-are rewardedwith from U?. to 91. for wages,. with lodgigs and boad. lu return for thi theySg> to sea every Ishingmgt, row the boats to thQ fishn ground, cnst out anhawl the nets, briidgthei boats back to land, deliver the herrings, by measurement, to the fish curer- andl go through the general drudgery of the, fishing.' It-is eally srrising what labour these men will undergo, what fatigauet tey will endu*re thieir patient,:plodding, and persevern industry, and their genera odutd* the season. The women are engaged in curing the ll~rparing themi for the market, for wbich thei are paid at the rate-of 5d. to 6d. per barrel.; and they, togo through an astouisbino. amount of labouar and fatigue. While the men, in good weather, go to sea for five nights in the week, and are seldom. in. bed fro-m Monday morning til Saturday night, the women have fre uently to work fromithe earliest dawn till' midnight, goin. thruhte it rugrwt the greatest diligence avi industry It is a singuIar fact that, whilete traducers of the Hih land charrscter have chiarged- the race with Lariness,th Hlighlanders here should be chiaracterized by such in. dustry that they aze preferred to all others, and that thiose of them who are rich enough1 to, hbay boats ard nets of their own should be the most successful of the fishers that, visit the Caithness shores Another very renwmakble fetur is their peaceable dis. position. Crimie is unk-nown among them. laere, although t-he population issovryi uch augmen~ted, and although on Satur ay-eveching, after the weeles toils are'ove-, the streets are all but impassable, breaches of the peace seldom occur, Iand there is not so much as a single policemnan I OnSundays these HiigV-"ders meet -in the open air for relhgious services.. Yesterday some 5,000 were assembled in sobriety, decancy, cleanliness, nndf order,.ina a large garden,] -whereserijions in 'tleir native fonguewerepieachedtoth6m The siht was verysatrIkng, and, left in.the minds of all who witne~ssed it a very favouraxble opinion of the people. Now, Sir yo Lad many of your correspsiidents have: .cftena shown hciimo%nt the Highlander. hs - been to' j .>-A 20 YE REDX OF ?HX tFq Wic&, CaithnesseshireAug. 25.
A SssOCK11G Scrms.-A shocldn seAe oc&ured at the execution of tvwo robbers named Boye' and Olseni, at .Assens, in the Isle of Funen, in Dsmrnark, on the 18th inst. Olsen made such a desperate resistance that the executioner a-I asil mten who helped hi'm could not brng -the criminal Ito the, block without caling the soldierst9 assist themn, As soon an Olsen's head was severed from his body, two young %nJs, 15 and I7 years of age, rushed throuih the bmof sned pol:i- who guarded, tha scaffold, a,nd fil,d cps which they carriedgwith the blood that sp,outed from the 'neck of the mutilated corpse,' and in. 5t=ly ew5llowed,thehorrible draught. There is'ans6old uperstitionamonugtheural populion of Denmk_a the bl,ood of a hehcudsd-felon, if drunk :-hile it, is warm, es an infalible Preservative agairi epilepsyand apopley. The, girls,weretakenbore a poc commisaionei-, and declredtha thy hd on,~ onewha thy hads- right .to ko3 , y Iiowda p3psr; sne <G.Oe, in ivhich ihe IiLthnedte wcer he shouild come to be exe<
,' - I-, LWAYINTIlWCIZTCJE. . . - :M I i t - : . t b 1 E - ' hv,lf-yearly enrleeigof the -proprietors tsheda at the Brwidg-ous oe,I o4xde at day, the HoZL James IBYaig, the- Chairmanm of the Board of. Directors, praiing. Theo Advertisement convening -the Meeting having bieen read, thie report -of the direi4ora (an abshtratof which has, already.arppered in 27w ime) Wau 'agreed to be taken asz read.3, -The CRArRVMX, in mioving -the adpo of*16rt and half-yeaily accouits said,-It does not occur to me 'that m'uch expleiiationi is neooessary. We have enaeavoured in OM piblished staterments to PIace beforeyo te. reslts Of 'the working of tesala n tamokiyu l and -intelligible1-ork tbat' they fmurih- their owe:exjl,ltVOIn Youi -idll IDere .f-mtes ary embodied i ,increa~seand 'decrease anthereceiptsandlexpenditure mnder each' head hs.i ire>p for theitaelves. The i crease in tlie'paeaUgr. traffc You winl- note ias eerijvezy considlcral)le.. Although ww&bad low thr6ugh traffic d the las ULMe anouths, the PAari Exhibiton traf ficOi" * orhaIngnoderably.swellea the receipts foriSSS, there ha ee, l=e nrease inthelocaltraffictoand fronm-most stations upon the main Riaw and branches, which haj sent ph reepsfo, -snesduring the ha1f-year~by 3~7ETh been n increase itheod traffc, wich oes ot Call. for atcuarerk Te stamboatheit exiitavhn of t; wihichf triual aun ierease over tecrspnding period of15 o 60 Tht directrs have eeivudto imnprovethrokeoe and Boulogne route by' tJ2e adoption of svrlmaue calculated to pronriote the convienience of the public. One of thes has been -'the - bolition of stewards' feu -on board tihe boats, andL the comm utation of this, and several irregular charges made atBRoulogue into a xmall ilxed charMe so that th paene, whenlix takes his thLrough tickettoars kInowi eractly -what -he hast peay as the cost of his transit 'f0ithe entire route, Auo heinpoDrtan measure withthe same objecbhas been the adopion of the sytemofthrough. booking luggage between faIta and Lodn withnout d etrito at Polkestono foi- the' puros f eainton. -The' -directors memorialized Her. Majesty's Trsasurylon the su'bject, andl. they have beon pleased tot snction the adoptaon of this -measure subject to certain noniditionas, -which 1have' been complied - writh. The arrangements c'ame`'into oDeration at the beginnqing of the present month, 'and -have worked Tor satifatrily. I have much. pleasure in stating that we have been greatly in-debtedto Sir Thomas Fremantle,andtheofficers of Customs generally, for their promptitude in settling-the preliminary~ craangements, And flor their coDrdal co-operation in carrying out thexm'easure with a view to the c-onvenienace and acoomImodation of the public. Already we have been enabled to shorten the journey between Paris and London, and we have it inL consideration to effect further improvements with the same object; 'while we have relieved travellers between th6 two caspitals from the imposition oftiorters at olk:eatone, whichl to some extent was a stoading opprobrium against us, salthouglh it wKas not in the, power of the .eompany to remedy it undler the previously existing aragm ents. Under the abstract of expenses;,- you w ill observethr a been an increas in the cAarrae depxartment, caused by extensive repairs of carriages and. waggons,, chargeable. Against revenue. There has als6 been a considerable expenditure in effecting manyL important repairs and renewals during the half-year in th company's boats, which has caused an lincrease under this'head. Thxe, most imiportant increase, ,howev7er, hbas eninz theitem of pernmaent, w.y. You are, aware that, downl to the half-year ending the 31st of July; 1854, this ~company' adopted t'he expedfient of a rmenewa fund, and tnat a sum of about 6,2001 was in each half-year aet apiart fionarevensie for the purpose of effecting renewals in the road and , works.- It became- quite clear thaLt the 'amount so rwesevedwas altogether inisufficient ; and -o will' remember that the auditors, in their report datedte 30hof AV"-- 1854, recomnieAded that the amount so re ryevesh d be increased to about 10,0001. half-yearly. In the next half-year ending t-he Slst of July, 1855, it appeared -tha the - expenditure on renewals amounted to ~15,134L. 4,s. Ild., which absor-bed the balance of renewal account at that date, and jeft a debit besides of 9,5TX 2. 2c3d,, which the diroectors L charged Ldirect to revenue, 'with your 'apprval. The- samne cours has been adopted sinces that tipme, and the directors are of opinion that it is on the 'whole-more satisfactory to !pursue this course, endeavoutring to6 distribute the exes ' of renewals as equAlly as possible over the. _hfyearly periods, than to reinstitute a renewal fund posbly on an insufficient basis. In such a came the renewL fund- genierally gets- into'debt, and to iet rid of this debt the proposal might be made, as it soraetiimeshasbeenmnade, to charge it to capital.. ro the statment of maintenance And renewal of way (abstract Bin the accou-nts), you 'Wal note that the gross amount expeded -on renewals durn the half-year. has 1been 23914 s,i.,hu ceitia be takentfor the old rails 'and -mtrials displaced, amounting in -value to. 12,1624 lOs. 1Ld; thua malling the ~charge against revenue on a6ccount -Lof renewalss -1,7507. for the hal-year. L The ejinmeer is o f opinionx that the average charge for rene*als insucoeeding hl-er will not exceed this m'mouni; which is conlirmastory of the 'view adopted by the auditors n .1854; ,w hen recommending: that-- the half-yealy amount appropriated -for renewals - shouldl be. about 10,0004. --You will- observe, from clause 14-in the report,-tha-thte'irectiors, recommenid:that 2.'77i4, -which-i-s the cost Of the DeW materials pUtnto the lineinithe proces Of dishwjointing, should, be, chre _to ~capital. As these are materialas Uperadded to the-niateriaIsL formerly existiligL there, and-increase the weight ankd'strength of the-road,'we think that -there is~ -a-lair gr-ound for makinug this a-capital chargeo. at -the. samao:t1=3.that' we char-ge to. revenuie the entire cost of - elaying,-,including mew rails, chairs, and sleeperss. We also request tour sanotion to the expendliture of a sum of about. 3,500.Antwards the constraction of ia new station at Lewisham.- The station is to be formed by this company an d by the 1N'orth: and' Mid-Kent Companmy at jitexpese and, as we have~entered inato au arran-gement to-work thieir'-line, we rtcom'minnd thiss joint station -with a view to economy in--the orking of the traffic, as L-wellas the-convenience of the, pubic. We have also taken ,steps to proceed with tho'formnation of an important junction' betweenL the main line -andL the Tunibridge-w6lls and Hastings branch at Tunbridge. The present junction beingfdrined in the wog directio causess great delays to the trispsigon- Ttomerika.eweJs' and must necessarily afrect ahepassengertafic on that branch. When wehavn' tompetedhe Ised -uclnwe- shall be in a position to rn toinsM=tto T bridge-wells without stopping, and beable to smae -froma 15 to20 miutes topl pasngr foroaithe main line to those stations between'5 Mubrd=wells aid Hlastings. Lookzing, therefore, to the, traffic - dvantages of this junction, we haye no hesitation in reco'mmending the agppropriation of 5,7001. towards Lits formation. Another item of capital expendituro. ikhieh i at-Presnt contemaplated is the'extension, of the pieral Rolestne -with t.he 'view of establishing -'a' steamboat service between that-'mit atnd Boulognie;at. ixed hours. The great imnporfagc6 i5f such a service miust be -obviouis; and, in addition, the proposedl extensioni of the hornandpe,b adgin-the accumulation of shinile behind the station,wil-ffr greater protection for the -new buildings erected there', anid provide addlitional space for their e-nlagment as the wants' of the traffic require. Af-ter a few remarks on thepiarp hfi-the repoit' referring to the necessity fdr proidig iditouaaccoinmodation flor thiesteadilyincreas. augiaffibetwenLwishwn and Daitford, on whichi'siibject t waspropoedtocall spe9al metingof theL 'pro,piJetori th Chirmn cnclued ymoingTheadoption of the 3. mipxr~askeda 'whether the, sum of 12,1624 19s. 104., which, was, deducted from, the cost of -snaintefiance of way for the half-year, for old imaterials, was an amount actually received, or . merely -an estimate of value ? The practice of-charin~g any po?rtion of the expen- 'dituie oni the'renewal of thopraetwiayto capitalaccount ' wNIas highly oljcctionahle. Trh~Xe'X.ndo and Nohrth-Western Company defrayed. these chiaigea from the current revenue. The'item of 2,7754. for the fish:-joiutfin. of th6 rails, now propoied'to be chargedl to capitzAl,-wai4 it was true, small in -amount, hut the primncips itianvoved was a dangerous one,. -Thepror7eors'ere2ol-thAt the' Strood- and Mlaidstone line wroiild be ery piofitable;j and -certainly, considern the exiprinous outlay niade npon it, it had need to be so-,--- 320,00014 had sdkiedy been -expended, and to complete th7e sOrations and Provide roiling ,l:zb - an additional I-0(l0 -would - be rquisite, T he -ln a i 'miles- in' length,' and - the' traffic upon it Ought'- to am-out-to 62Upe-'miler- wee to yield t'hem oua .pr we Nprofit dfof Su-er cent.' Thisline hadoitnoieesthsn3o,Ooo4peraulle, weesmen 'f~ofrctlcal -experienice held that it ought not to haive cost moni thanfirom 10,OW0. tol12,0001. pEr ml..1 These facts showed the impolhoy of rushing preipitately into the construction of aiew railways anid it was to be' hoped thit this would be the last one the company would undertake;: He featod, however,r that -the directors conuI temRlated the construction of a line from Dartord to Ai.oilslhai of the same-edtent a%s that between Stroo and 'Maidstonc,' comraonly~ called II Stephenson's scheme;` but, iff. the -proprietors sanctioned tht protect, guaianteeis otg'ht to be taken that' the works'-wonld be eecuted at. a much cheaper rate than' the 'extravagant line on which he had just animadtefted. - -- - ' - The-CHIrAM wr -said that: -the smmof 12,1621. foren gieer's materaials isplaced, br which credit was: aken in -the permaunt-way accunt, wizas -rompuWTevaluation of-. articIesput-into-store,-Before 'newmatenials '-were ladAdwn; -the nOld-' ones, must be removed, -ind they were then either . ol~r sent into stori.' 'in ,the'elitter case an account o Ithem wiaskept; and tho renewal aowunt was entitlod.-to be-' -credited&with t-heir value -until. the-y were agairctaken out for use.~ This seemed-t6 be a fair miode of dexagio with the matter 'while a renewal fund did not exist. turuing to another point touched upon by Mr.'Herapath, he (th.-cha3r.man) was baRpytosaythatthey werealreadytaking401.'per a.mile per week on the Siiood andMaidatoneline,i-athough it was not yet open fox mineira and gbods traffEc. When out of the -engineers hauids it Would'prove a very lucrative - investment; but he'admitted- that its constraction lad been toO costly. Tihe diiectors-thoight that the item forfsh.- jointing ought fairly to- be :plaoed to capital$account, .but that point was one which tie proprletors must decide. That'company bad 31o suspense account for- the- renewal of the .permaniet,way like some.other companies the London' and-Northi-Western for example. .- - = v .- . - 31r. E. J. HERAANH repewted that -the Ldn an -lorth'-W-ern-Qom any -:deirayed all such chbarges from revenue. . . - - '-' - ' - - * Mrz. Ea9iu.u(traffic maager) said that a vrtion ofthe suspense account 'of the Lodon anglNorth-VeieAen Gom. panv was borne by capitaL , :i . nmegretted hats90 m^uh of their in s igs WA absorki by increased.w diture-the ges augmentation of recepls,tbeieg- 3,% . and thb e oue 19,YOOl. hejr wrorking charges WNere -fir heavier tha Ithose of anye otherallwa running out of Losmdou,mountv log (incusiive ofEthe serious item ior- compeutatos to. no ,less tanl65er,oait. of theirreeipts, Heoomplas'-f0'sewmauner an wh}ichthe companys accounts. were rend.rd: to~ the propriet.ors. They 'werer, a complete, "h}ash"-.the -ntIe&Qut main line and t-he ratli;eu,.wbicl ought to ha *vesl~~~~~~~~~~~la r - dwa b1 to revert to X *f~~ . - w I*e ~~~~Nd Iva,*pS* 1 pseaded upn ti infu --At 7~i msea¶ pr*ent year tW rahd ad last gaty attaized~f ;tamsunt early| exas a E n-slhs engineer an intwet a the op£O c fi Aasn, if the beard preeded n tbeir would have all the cpital, w h ea y b d to rain, spent be0orehe had lzalffiniah tir aks Moreover, the mode in whch the acot wskpt --e* of the most ipoert eaounts c ti re,-was auything but bwslike.. OA *e i C , 185i tf.t! in land amounte to .G2,09, d . tbe 31s of JuIJ las the gri ,i -Iau t ,76. -' e- .l;usoeld be given ef-YtIs iciee.- .. The CHAnLYAN Mid that the storesf now stood peisely at-the sane point au in -the previous hIfyear,withte single exoeption of tbematerils taken up b the engineer .since thnhi" be added to them. - The itic*test atteution was paidto the keeping of thi acount.. - Mr. Micnrg aiked wher ay fav or was showm to the Messrs. Pror in the conveyane- of coal- over the'comn p= lines,- or whather they pid themie rates as other s? The b name of Pnior was familia to him in conhexion wit. the Eastern Coontie Compamy. (A laugh.) i lr. EBRoBu. replied tht Slere wa nzo fa.onri , all their customers being placed upon an equl focting. Mr. M&CLAUnt= next oondemned the propcal to-bilda kiad of custom-house it London.bridge, where every ineh of pound was -worth 5, if not 10, guine". Snch a laih o ZtY ao accowmmodate anuthsniipublic (a 4ugw} *ould be w olly unjusifiable. The CnRArsRAN sated that they intended merel! to'.open agageexasminaton-room at their london terminus. -ilL MitTON, refering to the distinction- drawn betree a muspetc macount and a capital acoount, assertea tha the two things bore a vrery strong fmmy likeness, and w&e it factasinuch akin asthe Siamese twins. (A laughL) He regrded the expenditure incurred in the fili-jointing of the whole of their rails as inj udicious and tmalled for. It might, however, ba desirable to- introduce that improvement Lrom tim to time upon the ne rails. The fee paid.to a prblic Accountant might be saved -to the oompany, the serviecs of such an bffioer being quite superfiious while they had such excellent auditors. - - - !r. WILsoN thought the cost of- fish-jointing beir gauT mproluotive ontiel (",No, no "). ought to] be bon.e by reva:ue'instea(lof apitLa l. The C iRA plined, tt the board had not et( expended more than oLe-half of the capital ir arharnent bad empowered them to ri. 'Pbs alteration in the o#tei of preparing the accounb had been adopted deliberately with tne view of presenting the state of theiraidina more intelligible form to the oprietors; and the ease with which Mr. Maclaurin ha t day made his calculations was some proof that the - change had arwered its obiect. Alamb.) The item for compensations Was asore _Uject (eer, hear), and it was to be hoped they would hear no more about it. -otives of pol1cy-not a desire to cosicesl informationfrom the sahreholdars.-induc the dhretors to refrain from giing detaild acounts of the workinj of each'brauch line separately. Mr. Fenton's sn-gestioi- that it was wnneessary to fish-joiiit the wrhole of the line should receive the immeeiate attention of the bord (Hear, hear.)ar.(er M1r. BirOWNEx (one of the auditors) said that he and; his colleagues believed they were conmlting the interets of£- the proprietors in ealling in- the assistance of a-professi6n.7 aountant. (Hear, harofssnear.) A SH-Ammuft-Dmt objected to the contemplated espencdture of 3,50. for aioint station at Lewisham. -Their e±isting-station at that ple was-sufficient for all the purposes of the company. - MTr. TsE os (a director), as ChairmaofftheWorks Cfommittee, defendedthe pro:oed outlay at Lewisham;- which he id would isave the eapense of a double sta. Tie T[idKent Company was to contribute an equal sum with them for the new station, and tiey ware under agreement toviork the line of the former company. - , - - A S T xUODXR called attention to the injury stained by the company from its high fares hetween Londo6lnand Paris. The other routes;- beZIg much cheaper, were preferred by a large number'of travellers, and nothing but a considerable reduction of their charges would nablc them to compete successfully with riial compantes - The CUMMeA stated that this subjec eugage&the earnest attention of the board, which, in conjunction with the directorate of the Great Torthem oEFPce, was now considering the propriety of lowering:theirrat I The report washen nanimously adopted,- together-it a resolution declag a dvidend at the rte of 3!. Ss.d' per centper annum. - - Mr. ET. J. R .ATH moved a resolution, empowei-inthe proprietors to remove a director from his seat au appoint another qualified person in his stead, by virtue of a vote of not less than two-tllrd of the shareholders presentc ifperson orby proxy at a special geneial meeting, and also instructing tne directors to makeprovisio for this purpose in the next bill-for which they-might apply to P - ment. - Mr. &y, a director, seconded the moion, from which he believed that board had nothing, to fear. Hear. -hear.) Mr. F ONr, looldagto -the peculiar influence rwhich- was sometimes brought tobear against an individual director, iewed the principle of the resolution as very dangerous.: Mr. M.SCr.Aumm; thought the restrictions contained in tha resolution itself woud be sufficient to guard against its abuse. - The motion was then put,- and carried by a large majority. Mr. MAcrLnAnm next moved, and Mr. RosJ seconded, a resolution requiring the half-ealy accounts of the com- .y,- as far as practicable, h:enceforth to be rendered in a bapeerdiibiting the-revenue of the-mainlineandthato£ each of thebraches prately. - . Mr.Ensno wArned th meetigthat the motionwoulcT not only entail an expese npcn the company'of from 4001. to50. a-vearbitwould sipose thetorisk-fro3n oposittioi schemeE, as well as afford facilities to parishes ing to subject the company to eiorbiant a ents. Mr. Msnros, a diretor, likewise pointed out th'e 2daner of the information sought by -Mr. Malaura bein s to their prejudice. In oncase a had adygiven thnn notice that theyIeast to increae the rting of the Strood and idetone branch from 2004. h 1,000!. Mr. MCTr.AtnU replied thtat present everyparishcould insist on these Tery particulars beiug f -ndshol to it Mr. Hnn.APAT3i said that the parish officers werej however, bound to look over the accounts forthemaclvee if hey wished tomulct the company nnercifully; andif they mucceeded in exrActing the paticulars-theyrequired outof -such~s hopees labyrinth lie, for one, wrould forgive tlienx for their discovery. (LaughtFer.) Mr. KxY here observeh tlia t the board.would, no doubt, consider the propositior in the intervalbotweenthis andthe next half-yesrly meeting, and - Mr. WAMnA.VR therefore conselted to withdraw it. Captain WAmVRSX a, diredor, then proposed a wesolutibn, directing the board to insert a clause in the next biU they intrbducedinto Parlsiient, providing tbat in' future al candidates for the directorate should 'give one mon$.h's notice to the secretary of their intention to offer themselves for election. It was desirable that both the proprietors anI the directors should beforehand have the means of jadging of the fitness of those who sought to represent their interests at thehoad. bo - - - Mr. EXov seconded the motion.' Mr. BImno n regarded the motion as irregular, no previous nOtice having-been given of the intention: to move it. Seversd shareholders tkding exception to the propositio after sore fbrther discussion the Ctedrt ruled that it could not ba put. It was accordingly wi hdrge, and norioe gien by the mover that it wod be brought porwaard again at the next meeting. - on A vote of thxnks having been passed to the hororan wd dctors, the proceedin. gs then terminated. Gwh Ele W eSyEB 1N)) BREvWThFO1D. - phe hal-early meeting of this comp ny was held yeaterday at Fendall's Eotel,L ord milliers presiding r. E v, the secretaye re the report. It stated tchs', encouraged by their ninxesal position, the directors had lost no time in making the necessary arrOagements for co-nb mencing the wworks - that They-had now the pleasure of inforing the proprietors ihatposseesion of a great portion of the land had been obtsined, and that the on ddors ware actively engiged in fthe1otscrction of the line nd docks, so-as to secure :the opening of the railway for-public traffi with the least posibl delay. In revieving the genera pronpects of the company, the dctors called attention to the additional trffic in coals nd minerals from eorth Wailes arieh mst pass over the Grt Western iltae in con quence of the new arrangemedts- made by the director5 of tat company.a s hese fat, combined with the daily incfrase of the general trade -of tJhe Great Western, gave the must satisfactory prospects of the, future traffic on this lislewhile the Thames Etaa-tug Company, lattely formed, would affordi the required faclities for discharging tha'c trafic on the river.^ Xo doubt could be entertained ef the value of sulch a. line. A statement of the accounts signei&by Messrs. Moates and Wyatt stated, that 14,176L. had beenx received, and 6,SOi'!, expended, leaving a blzance c f MIr.Brunel, the engineer, stted in irortth wrorkcs ad been earnestly commenced, and that advantage had been tikens of the late- topafe of the C-rand Juncijon Canal to makce pronision for the contractr proeoedinr wmtb the wrorks withont inberfern rt h navigaton. T Scaessios of the land had been obtand, and several. thoueaio yards from the princibpl cutting had ben excvaedi andl carried to embankment. Ground adbecn taken -pomeseon, of near The river, and tte deck work had -been commrenced a. fewr daves ince. -iveCrypyeaation-ws-in progress for proceedinirodvwith thei unet-i~. - - -- - y T L Vi in moing adotion 0fthe repert and balanee-sheet, congratated the company -apon- the satisfactorynaterE tipr.poect.6'w hIh aed to-i to hold out ample- prokise for thie fature. Tnefly caWntatkntion to the circumtnCes mentioned in-the repot, of the incressed traffic likelyto be brought upon th-se line b the additional feeders afforded by thlGireWestern Pit.. way, and to the great assistanoc which would be rendere them by the: Thames Steam-tug Compy Lordsip moved the reeqption of the report and accounts, nierey. adding that it was the intention of the directors to oompete the works with- as little delay as possible consistently with the ricit regard to onomy and a due appreciaionL of 'the interest o the sh lrs. Mr. DAY seconded the motion, and expresed his ontvii :that not one single-ihare in the compa had bien taken up bythe-Stock Exchange. He beieveli= howeer, at the day vwold C e wbAn tbey would be,looked upon with favour, and- wha a -hdome dividend would reay them for the exertions e re now s-aking. : The motion was carxied unanimously. - On the motion of Mr. GiLmsum, seCondea by 31. T-L-R, the cordil thanks of the meetinj wer, conveyed to the oharrman and directers fer ther sel z ad attenon to the afizsof the p pietors. - . r -e N'EWPORT, ABERGAVENNY, AND BEREOEOD. Th he l-vearly = lg of this m eywasheld t- dir at th e london Tavernz, the aon- W-. lFtnce iD Mr. frrRvnicD, th - serekry, -ed Uthe eporko an aihactof which ippiared in' rhc T a sof ery. - sha (aptta account showed tht I005,61 badbeore,
- -THE COBS TADX. - A 9-Z UpD to Tuesdyevenie g the ;weather continued dull with ligh' showers, butcntoetbenthe rainlhsbeen heavicr and more frequent The upword tendency in the value of wheat and fdour has consiquenitly been mvaintained, with a fair, hut not sctensive, boainess pasin-g. Indian Cn h li:esise been nienbie at higher -ates, while other articles have undergone AteAterpoot the arrivals of wheat from abroad are-fairn hut of flour oncr moderate. Ftom Irelandthe chief gupplis consistof about6, 0quartersof oats, and 2,COIoada of oatmeal. - Our market this mornidng wan wel attended, and although th3 wfeather wasvery wet, the trade was not charerized hy nuy ercitemzen. t,'Noerthelcess _ fair consuptive demand wa ae xperienced for choicZ qGuelites of both Englth And fEreishwheat at an advanee of 2s. 3 t2s per quarter, and dd. pet alb.respectiWelr. esour was in fair, but net ctive, re4uest, at an amenedment of le to 2a per rack, and Is. rhegad Os and ostteaoLwere moEg souht afterqthanrof latre, bratherhtrather oAremoney. The lrame mar uaso be read of breh . Indin t corn wass 15. per quarter hi;her. BIGH.;Ai., An. 28. AW Glocehter mTaret, in the 23d, weldish wheat wea 4s. to ea, and foreign 3. to 2s. p)er quarter nearer; a t Worcestbr, tho eameo day, foroeignadvanc:ed Ia,to 4 ad Englizh53to 6&er qarter. Barley rather higher. O.ite improved in mine Is per quarter. Beansmore to during th pre ni~e we, ha-r ha Iee passing in the trade. altboughthe weather continuxed rainy arid unsettUed; the high pricer demanded proventing oDesntlonr. _Barloy taken in retail, at faul rnettcedp eatsaquite as dear. Besiatlsburmorehinqu8rea. for. Atthis day's market there tvasoa fir. tepply of wtheat, yhoch oeid l,owqy at an advae of 2a to a S. per quarter en all deecritions. Beroa seAbsziey ~nattere. etr;n?taiineo ?oa amedrise GLABGOWZ, hn;.27. - We have hadheaspaleisinee histwereolra uthe weather wears an unsettled appesarace. Sho arrivalu, bothcoastwiee and from lreland, hagebeen5nansi~dcaft. - Fomateod, by the Clyde, theycemlirAlz 1,923qnatcra of wheat and 6,053 barrels of fdour from NeniYork; 3314 qutarterS of wheat and 400 sacks of dlour frm the continent. There wsa bett'er inqutiry for meet astieles daring the wrecic at uin proving rates. hs day's marketwS well attended by town andl country buyers. Wheat and dour of prlmequalltysoldpretty freelyat sn adeance of 6d. oie.p;cr bntUand barreireepcctireiy; sack doo;r 5n proporion Barley and beansttwerein good demaad at thes xrevious ctuseney. Oats without change. Oatmneal imnDrorodeL fdtoDe.pr load,.an EB5ptian heana 3d. to 6d, ger 280th.-
LONDOZ9N, FRIDAY, AUGU,3 29, 1I5. The proposal to establish a military colony in South Africa cannot but meet with acceptance from the English public. * The honour of possessing the great station on the highway to India has been dearly purchased. Within the remembrance of this generation we havc been engaged three or four times in war on a great scale ith the moot cunning, active, and merciless savages that ever civilization had to deal with. It is now 50 years sinCe England for the second time made herselfmistress of the Cape. A temperate climate, a ifertile soil, and a magnificent ppsition were supposed to havo rewarded the valour o her soldiers, but it was soon found that in South Africa a mother country had its duties and difficulties as well as its rights. The colonists, Dutch and English, were settled in the territory of an enemy who would have nothing to do with European treaties. A perpetual border warfare raged between settlers and aborigines. Humanitarians may urge that theCaffires were at home and the new comers were not, and hence establish a theory as tothe rightfulness of resistance on the part of the noble tsavage. :Eowever, colonization is not conducted on these principles. Rightly or wrongly, it is held that men ofEuropean origin may fairly plant themselves on. any spot occupied only by those of inferior race, and inL accordance with this theory it was necessary for the British Government to support its lieges. The Caffres are, boyond any other known tribes, wild and irreclaimable. Cunning and ferocity are in their every action. MIissionary enterprise can make little impression on this race of marauders and(cattle-stealers. "As little can the power and prestige -of the British Governor awe theminto good behavibur. They-seem to know their own genius for irregular warfare, and, except where they have flocks and herds of their own near one of our stations, to carei nothing about the Queen of ENaLain- or her delegates, military and civil. What Caffre wars have cost us can hardly- be computed. Independently of a constant force i the colony, there comes every n6w aad theni -a extraordinary expenditure of from two to four minlions sterling, withi little result except a temporary decampment of the nearest savages. The South African military despatch. is generally a document of a sanguine nature. The normal state of the Cafres is to be on the point of &ULnihilation, yet they survive, and are found after a few months as active and rapecious as ever. EI the last war enough shot, shels, and rock:ets were . used to. conquer an Europeaa province, yet a dead Caffre was to the last, a rarity. The common practice seems to have been to fire for two or three hours into the bush, and then to write home that "the lous of the "enemy must have been very, great." Finaly, we have receded fxom the moM. difficult part of the frontier, and left, at their own request, ihe mhiea breed of English and Dutch colonistito form aniadependent community of their own. The peet st^te o~f affairi is, thatYtho nativ trnes arr quiet, and that their chiLes are begiimingto affect friendly relations with thfi 'white iitan, 'But how long this will last no-.one can ll. The-colony an,therefore;above all things, -a- bodyof hardy aetlers, iel frainea to the usde o;aM, ana e i d ' with - the nature oE f - the country they `re to defend. The . cessatio, of -Uae ]te1 war 'aeexaa o.t gve,lthe iueaus.ofpoviinsuch a2ilarlrX gpad,. sd: at the same- time of rewaig,a.b.nd of brave men.' - What we suppose to be the etail of the plan are given in a curiously obcure atei.| which wi extract from-tehGloe. The Government, it woild seem, proposes to send out iuch men of the B3itish,6M( aLchoose, .o.iuntoer. They vill be *erinitted -to take their wives rana faiuilies, . or,- if' sing e .to;niasxr before leaving Erope. '" lThe lorce would.go. out to the ony. a state Qf complteinilitary organizatio%; with :camp' equipage and- an. Eiifield rifle to 'ech :-man. - ' ,* We cqnnot but thifikr that: -such a ody of soldiers.wolild furnish the nmost fittig-defen&oe of a fintier le that (if the Cape co 'Any. I is but fair ffiat in these things the labour of the -inther. countr anda the conlonis shouid -be divided;' - Itis t;he duty of England that the population of South Africa should suffer, nothing from -the great Powers of the world. We at home'itax ourelve~ Io defend them from all 'that `Europe 'or America can do; we guarantee ihemi th4'-, ,peaceable. possession of their country and the continuance of just laws ansd full p6liticl liberty- Tut ;it is hardly the duty of 'the home Government to protect each adventurous darmer or grazier from aggrarian outrages. Thei backwoodsman should form his own police, and. learn to. depend on: the mother country. only in -the last resort: The establishment- of- a miltary colony would greati aid 'the settler in =ting th eoursge and independence. Of late there lias indeed Leoono--- --wnt - DE - -ii-an o- n ---Lhe- part of the colonists.; but it is evident that. the existence of a body of men' who are especelaly bound to guard the frontier from depredations will add much to the general weurity and greatly. advan'ce the prosperity'of the country,. We may be wel satisfied if this measure rida us of Cafre wars for the future. -t -30no slEght matter to have contemplated reductions intaxes or long: planned domestic improvemeits . deferred, because .a band. of..barbarians suddenly appear on the frontiers of a colony some 6,000 miles from. homr, anda chaldWuge Us to a: long mia dreary warfare. A German military colony Vill, no doubt, cthrive in the laad,. and make good citizens. In these days the Teutonic Fatherland is remarkable for the 3iumberi and high qajality of. The emigrants which it sends forth to more -than one region: of the world. More Germans go to America than irishmen. Thousands of Germans are to be found in the Australian colonies. Why should they not do vel at'the Cape of Good Hope ? - There English and Dutch already live together in sufficient harmony, and the third element would be quite enough,in unison with the other two, to promote the common prosperity. The result we can hardly doubt will be the effectual protection of -the colony within itspresent limits. of course, if any settlers choose to- drive th'eir cattle .yearly further andfurther north, they must not expect the assistance of the empire or -the colony -aggainst the, depredators whomn they masy chance to meet. The Ciu.try has no defined boundary towards thg. interior, but still- there must. be a certain frontier, beyofid which the wanderer must rely on :lIis- own right hand for protection. * Within -t-he colony he will have the *best-assistance that 3a well organized militia can give him. It is a gratifying fact, ancd one that proves the prudence of a liberal 'pblicXS;, that the new Legislature of the Cape has -been ready to vote a sum of money for the expenses of these soldier colonists. . PezJ.Ips it would be as well:to -trust much of the details of the *'cheme to the authorities on the xpot, and to rely on local co-operation for carrying out a novel. and important enterprise.
'There has been another skirmish im Italy. This time it occurred in the 3faremma, near Orbitello. Some 30 partisans fou,ht on the ons side, and the Tuscan Gendarmes, backed by the nilitary power of Austria and the armies of the native Princes, on the other. It is allveryiwell to begin a battle by throwing out skirmishersl;but this is done upon tLe understandingthatthefst combatants have an army at their backs. i Not many generals of whom we have any record would have attacked a huge organized forc&with :a company-of Riflemen. '. rA few prisoners were taken. at the termination of the affair, and they are, of course, consigned to the dungeons of the GxA?D Duxu, with the scaffold in perspective, if, indeed, they have not -already f£rfeited-their live, This is just a repetition-of the sorry business of the other day at MassarCarrea. We do not find fault--with- the expenditure of human life in a just cause, biut suiely it is worse than idle to oacrifice life without a result, or the posioility of one. What advantage could be expected from thb invasion of Italy by a force . of thirty men? But the other day; a frigate's crew-all wellarmed and disciplined sailors, under the guidance of experienced officers and the protection of the ship's guns-landed on theAfrica- coast to attack a parcel of miserable savages. They were defeated not. ignominiouisly-for they did all that, brave iien could do-but completely. N6w, is it possible.that, when a shipjs company fail to hold their own against a horde of savages, a smallbaiid of thirty men:viill produce much effect upon the gapisons and armies which hold Italy in subjection I With this p6tty.guerilla sy tem,' lightly or 'wrongly, but rightly We believe, the name of ML Xl&zzmr is everywhere openly connected. He is said to be the author and adviser of the system.. We, wlho are nol Italians nor Austrians, and therefore have no direct interest in the affair one way or the other, protest in the name: of humanity and common sense against so preposterous a waste of human life., The argument in Savour of the systenl isBordinarily stated somewhat as follows :-If the Italians remain-tranquil under the iron despotism which now oppreswe them, in a few yeara'-time it will be -aid of them, as it has been said of the Poles, that they have cessed as a nation to eaist. ' Resistance, -therefore, is neeessr; but resistance on any large scale cannot bo organized. There are traitors' ana false brothers in the camp of the patriots, and all 'their planX are as well: nown.to -the' police as to themselves; Since resiztance: there '. be, and as resistatnce' upon any' grext scale is impossble for the momneent, nothing remains - but to keep the public mind in' a stste of pepetual fement and. exasperation by ever-recurring sacrifices of 'mall bodies of-men. The'death-'olleywhichtenniate the eahly 'caieer of these aenturous ipirits will as it is hoped, fnd an echo in the heart of every. true Italian. The d4a of vengeanc, though long deferred, ill come at Ilat. Bettr the shambles thi quiqity; -sich seems to 'be Mi. M e's idea. He is, 'we think, mixt.-en, and for the remaons, wlich we are about to give. *et us, look into. the:ritter from Tffie point ort view 'which would naturally 'be that of the Itaiain iniurrectiony leadem. .heir objec of coure, is 1't see the last Ausrian oldier diappear up te gorges of 'the:. Trol, to . destroy eth tempoMra po6wer of the Poiz,' and_ to bring t.e" ptty t*rants of Italy-' to' 'teira - '' -fa 'wte 'presumne,. thjey. are all agr Thquestions oof nity or :Federationof onecpiits or f.S-dozen capiasof' S -dna ~preeinmnc *or of Republican .independ xioe..enmi for-after onsideration. &ow, does tius scrifices oE life in *MUdi ip- i' E_k amw .2n- l_ Try legitimate, idea- of 'ining" back their oDuntry fcr theuiae1ve? I- order - it X hould do thiaF i;: wrould he neeful in te C ruth place, that_it shouldbe..onidby'thogsngal apSBoval of - the majority of the -oont. It is notoriously not so. NetL it_ auroM. the urrectionary cause with the 'd g character of ever-Xecurring defea Me o hve xomething to loe-and every Italiam ;who remiins in Itay bas at leEat his life to loew-lj t continue to'ight a- losing game. It is a `gt :mistake: in policy to connect the cause of .the ,ge`nerasl risng -with' these paltry llustezg expeditions,, which can but lead to one, of two iboults-the halter or the shooting party. -Again, it may Yery fairly be said that, before consiging successive batches of miserable creature to -ihe rude gripe of the Austian executioner, it should be considered whether the terror inapired by, theik bloody end is not of greater detriment to 'the popular cause -than the exasperation iiansed by it is an advantage. The exaiperation is principaly felt by individuau, or by famnuies whoa may be immediately counected with 'the victims-:the-terror falls upon all. In all that we have said we would not have it for a moment sap. -posed thit public opinion inEngland is unfavourable to the Italiams in their struggle for liberty. Ict them cover the stuface of the country -with guerilla troops-let them rise em 2nasse in any portion of the country' where it is probble that ssne a step would be attended with succems. We do, .however, protest most earnestly in. the -nawe 6f humanity against 'the idle and cruel waste of life which follows upon-the adoption 'of I3L M&ZZ-fs system. If he chooses, to throw away his own life in any such project, lie is, of course, of ana age ana capacity to -judge of the policy of the step as far as he himself is concerned. We do not, however, observe that either M; I3&zzi2ir or any of, the gentlemen -who share his' viewss re ever to be found among the eitfams perdws of lmssa Carrara or Orbitello. They are safe in Piedmont_or the Swiss cantons, while the unfortunate victims of their system are being, mide targets for Austrian riflemen. W AVe are not of those who thinkthit the regeneration of Italy, whenever it i5 brought about, will be the work of the exiles and profesiional agitators. There is sometliing in the unfortunate position in which they are placed 'which seems to act fatally upon their character and capacity. They are soured and disap-. pointed men-sick at heart and disgusted with all around them. Their pulse-has ceased to beat in harmony with the pulse of the nation 'which they affect' to represent. They live in a foreign land in little coteries, the admiration of a few thrlling. young ladies and .of each other. In such fair and worshipftl society imagination soon overmasters reason, and the result is' just such efforts as frenzy engenders, and which frenzy alone can palliate. Wve introduce the nama of 3. Mazm into this discussion'- the rather that 'we print to-day a letter concerning him which- bears the signature of " A TPxNvnmTFxn- ii ITry:.I Our correspondent is anxious to show that the namo of M MAzri bas been wrongly. connected with the doctrines of the Socialists; IEe bringsforward certain passages from M. 31zzm'zs 'writings which certainly seemto negative the idea. At' any rata there is the statement for the instruction of all persons who feel any interest in the matter, and we leave it tc their consideration. There is not 3nuch cause for surIxse that such a mistake should have arisen, because Mf. M1AZZI is in the ha'bit of adopting so very highflown and oracular a tone in his circular letters that one would naturally give. im credit for being the chief priest of hlf the political and social mysteries which afflict mankind. Be it so, l owever,-MS 7,IsAzNi is UoG a-Socialist, ' and has one folly the less to answoer for. We hear, however, with far greater pleasure from so intelligent a man as our corspondent o'hat Socialism has aa yet made no w-ay in 'Italy. It would be lamentable indeed if that Unfortunate country were misled with the priests of the new as well as of the old superstition. Southern nations have rarely given in to follies of this description. They love pageants and incense, music and idlenes-whatever excites or soothes. the senses. :Political and,ociaL aitUcinations are rather tihe gbortivo' children 'of the union between a German profewsor and a cloud. Your German, however, declines'to act upon his own suggestions. There is nothing lively about himn but his theory, 'whereas Prenclhmen or Italians 'wll rush on death }or ia sentiment, andl become pliant tools even'in such' desperate enterprises as that which has suggested these. remarks.
The inquest on thevictims by the colliery exploaion at Oldbmy, the report of which appeared in our yesterday's impression, exhibits other awkwarad features of the collierTsystem besides mere recliless-nesw and carelesness of lute on the part.of the maeu. It was clearly proved at the coronet's inquest in the case of the Oldbury explosion that the manager of the pit, or the ground bailiff, had not taken the precautions with which the law charged him for the safety of. the. pit.. The act of Parliament prescribes that " an adequate amount of " ventilation shall, be constantly produced in ail " collieries, to dilute and -render harmless nonous "gases to such an extent as that the work6g 'places of the pits and levels shall .be in a fit -" state for working." It appears from the teeEimony of two Government colliery inspcts at the inquest that for producing this proper ventilation a furnace is neces&ary~. But the ground bailiff had ,not seen to thia; there was no iurnace accord1 ingly in the pit at ihe tine of the exploaion, and I both the Goverziment inspectors consider that the unfortunate result was attributable to this Domision. The grounid bailiff had, it appear, some time before given a general direction-Ito the "butty" to keep up i frtinae, -but. -L lid not looked to .the execution of his order.-or left any responsible person to do so; he had gone from liomne, and had givenxilim no more trouabl about the matter, whereas -the act of Parliametit expremy orders fhat " the manager or his deputy, " or, in hi abeence, the chartermaster or his deputy, "'shall examine the state of the worldngp ererg "day previously to the olliersoommencingwDor" Seither the mansger, ground bailiR, ola *er, nor deputy had inspected the Oldbury pit in-.tfie manmer thus directly enjoined by the act. The could not then, be a clearer cme of neglect of duty on the part of the manager of the pit, and b'oththe Government inspectols who gave enden eat the inquest directly chrged him with the rsponsibility of the terrible eult But the. jury, whih, as we are informed, Wa com powd -of a much lower clan than ought to have mat upon such cse, either did not understand, or did not choose to underztnd, the evideuce of the inapectors, and gave a verdict altogether ielding the manager. 'With respect to this Oldbury explcsion, howevei, there is one observation which we thik it ispoctact to make. :Eere is a ijr. of ca1*!dage quite dinct from nite ample. rs&lenn suaidolhardo of the labburing-.oliu¶-vi 'thi bat. tention of the responsible offioers in eolli-of men xwho are - distincy charged with srtica duties-who. are plac a t the li the he laboring-o uaie i oed to weir fare, and who are =uflcien4 lifted abov* ilurieg abass to know thle seriousns o I tr eped _in them, to seo th_ iMPostWc o
Why will our countrymen persist in making ' Guys" of themselves whenever they tum their lrandering steps out of the limits of their own country? There is a decency in the dress of M1glishmen in England which we are in the habit of holding up in favourable contrast with the Brtorial efforts of foreign artists. The Englishw7oman of the middle classes leaves, no doubt, much to be desired as far as dress is concerned. in compaison with her French sisterz. Her gowns are ill-made, and worse put on. She has mo imperfect theories upon the important matter of wearing her shawL She will persist in adopting I aome tawdrv dab of velvet in summer, and owinter beholds herflaunting about in satin. She delights in 3bad contrasts of colours, and the more of thesshe van bring into imperfect combination the better Eatisfied with herself she appears to be. Englishmen, Lowever, have a right to say of themselves that in their own country they are the most decently atired mien in Europe. We do not swathe our legs in thecked trowscrs of such brilliant hue that the very horses would shy at us as they prance past. We do not bedevil our. waists with puckers and gathers, nor impart a pear-liko tone to our external mnan. We do not usually wear flaunting waistcoats, mot do we lace ourselves up like an Austrian aandy. We do not stalk about the streets in dramatic uloalks, like lost heirs about to reveal themselves to their disconsolate parents. Travel, in short,. -where you will about the streets of london, and, with the exception of a sparee sprinkling of young attorneys' clerks, who are the favourite clients of Dur Jewish tailors, or of rising ecclesiastics, who from High Church motives take to long greatcoats and waistcoats of many buttons, there is really very little to offend the eye. Why, then, as soon ns our countrymen have put a few miles of salt tvater between themselves and the country which ior so mnny years has seen them decently clothed, do they wander into so many extravagances of costume 7 It is not very strange that foreigners should Like up unfavonrable ideas of the taste and habits of Englishmen, when they see our repre* entatives surpassing their own enormities, or nauntering about the pavement of their capitals in costumea which they would never dare to wear in Regeut-street or Pall-mall. We read in a letter, published the other day, from our Parisian correspondent that at the present moment Englishmien aboundin the capital of Francet "recognizable, gas usual, by their eccentricities of costume and manner, which many of them seem to think it C' not only justifiable but proper to adopt as soon t'as they step off English ground, ev' though ;' the capital they repair to be quite as civilized 6' as the one they quit, and as little accis: tomed to phenomenal shooting-coats, distorted i' wide-awakes -and low-crowned nautical ' SIamwe I ' with oilskin covers." If our wandering country- ren have no respect. for themselves, at least let. them not bring ridicule on the nation to which they belong by so total a disregard of the decencies * f life. It matter3, of course, very little that some adiVidal JOES, r BBOw or RoBuIsoN s ahould .rake a monkey of hintlf. That s bhis own Woncern, and doubtleas he best knows -his own piodtion in creation. The case, however, is different when all, or nearly all, the representatives of our country who honour the continent of Europe with 'L1air presence commence their trvels by throwing off that regard for the proprieties of life which !hey would strictly observe at home.
- :- - - IERICA. [A. slmmDay oC the follo,6 reevea by-elecric tele. graph, appeared in ur second edition of .yesday :.- LIVERPOOL,- Tnunia.y MXOAssO. 3ytheaarrivalof'the United States mail steamship Atlantic -we have advices from New York to the l6th inst. She has .brou-ght. $19,O specie on freight. -The followvnigis the-letterof our correspondent, datedNdew York, Aug. 16:- : tThe closing hours of Con-greis have been oconpied with the Approriation B3ills vwhich; instead of being ulted in one long " Civil and DiploMatic Appropriation Bill," as -usual, havs been this year, 'for the first tiTne, sepaira.ted The House, -ha'ving unlder the e&nstitution the exclusive power of orig,iniating bills of this character, has made this seba tion, in order, while passinig such bills as are ibso lutelynecEssary to enable the .machinery of Governmeiittogoon,to hang uponotheraprovisionathatmay secure, the territory of Xansas from invasion by rufflans, 'and enable the Free State settlers to go there without being shot down by: Government connivance. The Senate,- being: more sthongly pro'slavery than thc' House,: has rejected :.al such propositions hitherto made-;- and; as Monday, the 18th, is the last day of the session, there is a fair prosipect that the Armyv Bill and the Legislative Judicial, and Executive Appropriation V~ill wvll fail. As ten . of the Free^State -men are absent from the House. wvithout pair, this result may be 'avoided to-day. There- -was a- disposWion on .th;e part of some members of t:he Cabinet and miny northern members of the Democratic party to yield to popular- feeling so far as- to remove Lecompte, the objectionable judge in Kansas, -under whose -directions.the indictments- for treason -have -been found against the Free State leaders; but my letters by this morning's mail inform me that these councils have been overruled, and that Lecompte is to remain. - - "The Senate have conf&med various treaties recently negotiated, vith foreign Powers, and, among others, one made by Mr. Wheeler withthe -Nicaraguan Government which preceded Walker. Itis not certain that lWalker will assent to the whole treaty. There is a clause, providing for the extradition of fugitives. from justice, that might be inconvenient to him in his present position. "The, propositions from the Congress of. Paris were submitted to this Government in separate notes from ea6lh one of the Powers represented in the Congress, except Great Britain, andthe omission is thought in Cabinet circles at Washington to. be rather strange. It is thought there that GJreat Britain does not mean to assent, so faras the United States are concerned, to the principal propositions that free ships make free goods, and that no blockades are to be considered binding, exceptwhen actual; and that the anti-privateering clause was meant as a stab at the maritime power of the United States. When similar propositions were made some two years since by this Government, some of the foreign Powers inserted in their replies a request for the insertion of an article against privateering; but I am informed that, in rendering these replies, the Mlinisters of some of the Powers privately informed this Govermnent that their Governments really desired, the United S+otes to hold out againast the abolition of privateering, and stated that the request had been made in order to coincide with British views. "The arrival of the Ariel from the Isthmus puts, us in possession of San Francisco -dates to the 21st of July. ' The Vigilance Committee were still in possession of the city, and the Governor seemed to have given up the contest. Indeed, I have heard from Vashington that one reason which had much weight with the Cabinet in. inducing them not to fish the authorities of the State with materials.l for quelling the insuirection was, the knowledge they had that the Executive was leagued with the Committee in the commencement of these high-handed proceedings. If true, what a sad pictute of the worh'ng of representative institutions,-the confeasion of" the inability of Government to cheek lawlessness and violence, to 'restrain peculation, and to preserve purity in elections without the aid of a mob ! For, however | much the sympathies of men of probity and 'crrect, lives,'and industrious habits, and of property may run dith the men of San Francisco, who have risen to protect themselvei against their own officers, the manner' in which they have placed themselves in hostiliiy to constitutedlaw entitles them to be caUed by no other name. The. case of Judge Terry, -who stabbed Hopldns in the street, -is yet unfinished. Hopkinsl has been alternately better and worse; and, as he has been up or down, the Governor of the State has shown an indifference to the fate of the offender, or been in treaty for his life. At the last account Hopkins was getting better, and it was supposed that the judge would receive a sentence of banishment without'anyp:otestor interference from his3Excellency. Peopleherebeginto ask how long this state of things can continue. The non-interference of the United States has been justified'only on the technical ground that the application was prematurely made. If harmony is not speedily restored, and the power returned to the legitinmate hands, it is plain that the Federal Government will have no alternative left but interference. The movement nOW is assuming a political form. -The Republicans are orgnizing thereselves in California, and mean to contest the State with the hope- of carrying it for Freinont, on- the issue of a Pacific railroad to beconsucted by nationa aid. Tbhe same influences that have led men to rise in opposition to the State authorities will lead them also into opposilion to the FederalGoverment, whichhas appoited many of the objectionable men to ofice, and among whoe aupporters many others are to be found. You can easily see, therefore, that there is a prospect of a collision between the Federal Goverment and.the Vigilance Commaittee unless order is soon rsttored. " The Committee have published, in their own justification, a long report of the offlcial corruption in San Francisco, a copy of which I enclose. It I exhibits a remarkable state of thing, and says little for the fruits of the'ballot inthat part of the world. But I can hardly say I think they make out a case to - justify rebellion and - civil war. The - substance of it is that, through the negligence and sipineness of these vei,y men' who now oompose and support the committee, the offices about the courts, including the benclh itself, were filled with gamblers, rowdies, "s houlderhitters," andpolitical idlers, who pilfered the country in some pretty large sunas,-neglected their duties till things are all at sixes and sevens, .ad managed matters so, that -when their own friends were tried for any of their offences the prosecutions either died of inanition, or were disposed of by packed juries. It is true that. -this is not a very pleasant state of things but then, on the other hand, the aggregate of the jobbing is not very large (they only-charge 100,0001., and show much less than that), and as for the neglect of duties and creation of sinecures, there are other places besides San Fancisco where such things are done. NRor is Californiafthe first place in the'world, I fancy, where juries have been packed&, orwbrere prosecutionls have been managed. " The contest draws closer between Buchana and Frenont as the day of election comes nea.' An yet there is little enthfusiasmfor anyone in this partof the country. 'With the thermometer at 98D in the shade, - thie :enthusiam of' even an offise-holder wonuld melolt away; but in the autumrs Idoubt not wre- ihall all grow warm as the weatler grows .cool. The defection of Mr. Choate to Buchajn is- a serious blow for tha Ne gland Rueporters of Mr. Fillmore. On the other hand, his NIew York forces have received the open adition of what theyfhave long had Secretly the adhesion to Know-Nothingism of the old fine Consrvativo Whigs The resilt depends, however, no on New England or New York (about whoe votes in the Electoral College I cannot see much reonableroom for doubt), but upon NTew Jersey Pennsylvania, Californi, and Tndiana, wrhere the 3Fillmore vote i5 supposed to be strong enough to put Buchan, ahead of F<remont. Hlere the energies of each pvxt will be spent. One thing you may regard as cerfain at the present moment (whatever it my be by and by)-that without a union of the friends of Mr. Fillmnore anld those of Colonel Framont, neit;:er Pennsylvania nor NewfJersey can be caried gin Mr. B3uchanan; unless they are the defeat at gen- -tleman is impossible; -but with such a- uion Mr. Buchanan wil find himself in a minority. lThat isthe tateDof the anvass to-day. I do not prend toDsayswhether it will-orwill not change-betwee now- nd November, for ii the complcatd machinery of American politics it is impoBible to forewee what coWbik2k.& s may be- made, or what counter movementOMMay be-made to dwek them. - " The from Uen& as4ia i once oaw belligerent. _sivai;assisted by3,00O Guatemaiians, was fortifying Leon,xi and Walker had colleted a force of 1,000 men, -with which he. was l r&rly to maica to ths attack. Costa Rica o sst od ready -to again invade Nicaragua. 'A large British forcl' ;asgathere the:hbourof Siu.aJu . The treaty of reciprocitywith the Sandeich Ilands, which would be doubtles advantageous to both countries, wOill be killed in thie Snate by the opposition of the State of Louisiana, -wrhich objecs to:theadrission of free sugar. -4"The cotton Stat4s have been visited by a violentrain storm, listing 110 hous, and flooding -eerything. It is-said that the. cotton crops are injured, but we have i:o definite intelligence. CCS,flco sMy' last letter twvo violeit` slio4ers have swept over 'Newv. York, sending: the rain.down in -sheets, and filling -the gte. with streams large enough to tumr the -wheel' of a small- cotton-mill. These have caried iway' much of the :dirt and - ragb 'ewhich -Wvere filli, the.air: with malaria under,a burning aun, and have so lowered the tem'perature that we hope to have. 'esped' the. yell6w fever. What is' stiu more, favourable, the disease itself appears to be' on-the -declinea_4.quarantine, and there, is good reason now -to belEeve- that we are to escape. - No thanks, hbweve,4 to the authorities of this taxridden city. The appropriations for street-cleaning for the,ertire year have been already -cuore'.than exhausted, and, with- a pestilence at our.doors, we are witho'ut a'penny to reminove'the causes of it. I donot believe that there.is on the face of the earth a place where more mbney is,raise&-by ta,ation with lessto showv for it. $7,000,000 a-year are now raised for the expenses of this city government,'and we have to raise the money by privato subscriptions. for so simple-aLmatter as cleaning our. own streets. " The Chicago and Roc; Island station atChicago, together with several loded cars, was burnt the day' before yesterday. .The supposed loss was from $150,000 to '$200,000. - "-Themonev market,'which was contracting when I last wrote, has been eased by the'anival of$1,500,000 in gold from Californiag and of $500,000 Government draughts on the Sub-treasiry. This has caused an improvement in the stock-market; and prices have -recovered. Exchange has- declined to 109l. to' -, bankers', and 9 to 9 'best'. commercial bills." . - - , '
THE GRM3AN LEGION AND THE CAPE. (From the GMbU-) Governor Sir George Grey had informed tho Parliament of the Cape of Good Hope that Her MAjestys Govermunent had had under considerationi his urgent call- -for a body of 3military nittlers ou the border. He hjkd proposed that a stron- body of out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital should be ,sent, cut therewere difficulties in finding asfficieut number of such men to emigrate to, the Cape on tenns similar to those of the New Zealaud emigration. Government, there. fore hadituner cntei$aton, o-the retmur of pcace ancl theconempate rducionof heforce,.to send out such offcer an me ofthe Britis Gverman Legion savould volanteer. The plan described to the colonists by Sir George Grey is indeed remaikable. The men woudl he ermitted to -carrv their wives and familles, or, if -any of thens were not marrid which is probably the case in the German Legion, theywouldbe permittedbeforegulng toenterintothe married state. Should this anticipation of Sir G erge Grey be fulfilled, what a remarleable sensation it 2s likely to create in certain neighbourhoods of our own country; what a strong admixture of British blood is likely .to be carried out by the proposed emigrationt I The force would go out to the colony in a state of complete milit ry organization, with camp equiyage, and toan e rifle for every man, a settlement-awiating them. in that hospitable colony, and a warm welcome. Tho legilative Council had given to the Governor thanks for the oixeaent; the Legislati-ie Assembly had accomnpanied its thanks with a vote plea g it to provido 40,OO00& towards the expense of the new m miltary settlers-a solid teitimony.to the spirit in iwbichb he colonsts are prepared to receive their promaised brethren. soadcet it Gisanot suortprisingthtthisitnteigSencesould crete sesioun,nom t h hIea oft al imeNow beutandt the nyth nlarg the circ es er morea recentd satleno vienare suchs soccast re d linhte ant tepopc faiitr o,n.Ten sannucemet tfehrcmiCes-ea iaioberd was atiangNewo Zeland. , aie o f e ietland hav nevero ocrcpa- bonder oany e seriu Alang the s ettle rs; he ir ito intelligent,to docile, tooigenosi marages,o ntwithsanding thirai svaery. huainty. iTh Bishrit ifern. h Britied seo ttler koupysthe foo t of thfan l One ofthe ladwiththscbclheetAontisfldtfAe,jft y ellow omplioreiila3m border bt the north. Alonist3g thatore,ro sev ig am an many parcloits, are vearos indignostribes, of, mattnyrdeso ein tha iJ scle ofsE humanty.the Busma sc zdyrie divied inom little lokntotso -upon seprte sarsof thne skien,n wit his: cubcalofheade, whis fl thfae,elo sompeion, t s emi and the one spatk of vanity to illumine hisanfmal con dition, he is huts step above ths iv ld beat Bat he has axrows and rapacith From the Bushman to the Caifrea degenerated Arab-blackening in the African Erun, but -re taining some old spark of Caucasian ambition, stme wnld and rude sense of "rI hts,"-we have as impracHicable a horde o f vermin andro s congregated aound the whole boundary of the great South African farm as it would be posible for any settler to conceive. A. farmer tormented with game preserres, -who could imagine; every pheasant, fox, and pol cat, standing upon two egs, wit an impish cunning to guide his depredation, would realie something of the Cape farmer's position. The maen of the Cape have shown themselves to be brave to a fault; the organiztion jof the sittiers has been' that of a standing miflitia; and they hae been repared to defend themaelves Yet to follw te poug, ad at the same time to follow the human beas of rey hoicarrying off youEr fruits, is.abiut- as harssig ametodof agriculture as could torment Mr. Meci' facyin heworst of nightmares That, howrever, hasben he oralconitonof the CAne We have tried -everything-rigour, philanthropy, let-alone mailitary Go. vermment, and all wiflhout permanentl success. One of t'he b-est shields for the pacific settler has been the outstanding Anglo-Dutch Re public, the members of which were driv_en into rebellion by the very "IAbdnigles question" that was dscussed at Exeter-hall from the.sphilanthropic point of be elcme -b th clonstsfrm CpeTown to the Even if it were p resumed that the Germans were'to, consort more with the Anglo-Dutch than with,the Enla h wvere to recruit a republiclhthl=a once been In rebellon,' there could be scaroely any qualification to tho pleasure. It would be such a gain to have enemies who -ould condluct varfare something after a civilized fashon-who would let the colonists, at least. in the intervals of war, attend to business. Verily we believe the - Cap wouldl rather be surrounded 'by hostie'States than by the deserk And its vermin -without a fencde between the field andl the wild land. Besides, sinice their political separation, the Anglo-Dutchx bavebeen neighbourly in the hightat dlegree, The German soldiers were not expected- alone; another expected arrival was that of the Enfield rifles.. - The weapon Is not entirely unknown in the Cape; for it ham been us6d in the border warfare. -Inorder,however,to appreciate the. welcomae, let us lookz to tho -acetua state of the settlements, Diuring a time of peace, when the surrounding tribes ar in their normal state, one spectacle very commonly greeted the eyes of the farmer. It' was that of a few black parsons at some distance driving off the farmeer' own Vatle. To Du-rnou them alone was to be colubbed to death; to call up t-he Iossc comitatu was to wait until the black tra,ellers and their im toepulnugagehadrgne out of sight. Often must the farmer who -h read of the Vinoennes rifless have wishea for an instrument whleh could rival the, telescope in its reach, andl ct6p the black herdsman as lie was makidng off in the bac'kground. To settle down &'few ri-lers with the newly. jiproved weapon frons Enfield would be, to realize-the dream thiat mnust have haunte&-theiagnia - .i tivre field cornet, and to~tea&h the marauders the useful lesown that, even on the wildest field, they may find a vers'dangerows kind of spring gun;v--
A vyxr SD STORY..-G6orge Hawthoin Vin-l cent, 36'ram,of over 40 ye of age, lived In the WandswDrth-road. On Tuesdy morningLt, about S otlocl4 he got imt> f bed to mike some cocoz for bis wrife, who had only been confhed a feo das. E e--wai then in a very di.L,e'sed state of mind, as there was no food In the house fo: the chldren (our in nuiberi, and he aid be would go and try to get some money o buy breadL Abut 5 minuts afterwards a& an named Morgan called for a deb't that was dueto him, and searched. the bedroom to fLnd the poor. cotach-trimimer, but mot doin so sad he should imprison him when be caught him. Itwas believed at that time that the unfortuiate man had left the house, but his son, &bDut even eri on going. into the yard, saw abot ievn Jeasb awgeI.Iu A- alar was rk MAd a man namedl Btdoock found. Vincent's hA downwards in the 'butt, the 'rater just. eom -p to the -shoulders He was apparetly, standing onL theo right foot, - xd the too of the left Just touched.tho, SVound. .l!e, was at once taken out but was dewd. The. water-butt was about. three feet high 6ibte water on]ytw feet deep. The Poor fellow. bad be unable to obtaitanyo e=ployment, ana bad 'walked aboaut for days at a time'with-, cu¶~tasting food. Inhispocket was ounda lawyae'sletter,; ib3eteUningbhimnwitlh legal proceedingt if he did nob at once xia.rabill mounting to4t. 18s..2di. OnEstatrday lat be, bcdTO`w4d 2i Zillirg of'a frleua, which he- spet to buy a: Miile food for hIs wife;~ but witht the exeep iom of some pICMe eft 3eat *Oa Perk Of a led, whichths whole fhrmily ~atokoonSindy, her wa nofoo inthe Isous up to fihameAe~A erdct f Temporary in. .~g >,r Mditto, h!SUa
E tR MAt£I;STJYOU1RNBy lwd iO4.i'kf ~~~~~~~~. s. v I , I L- w . L;.. I,.. - Yesterday moringome WQeen and P.rince Albert, 'ith t -. Princess Rbyal," Pinee Alfred, and the l-nnoemg Alice,Helenv,' and tonisa, a'ttnded bya niixnLerous retinae -left BuCcinghami Pilice 'for Bat1'moral, Her.Majsis sidenceain the- Aigh'ans,- trAVelhing by the Great l&orthern RAIlwiajto York, thence by1tb' North.Eastern lino to Ber-3 wiek, andthlence again by the MorthBritiali to Zbur&gh, where :tEe Royal party' will, remain fortuie day attliePalaae .oFEot,d, Ana resiime theirijourn6yoli Sat`urdaayor~ing The augua,t travellers took their 'departue from .Beoking ham Palace about half-past 7 o'cloclc, attended, by the iarchione.s of Ely, the Hon. M,ary Seynouor, Colonel Phipps, Major-Goneral Grrey, and Lieuteniant' Cowell-; and the Royal cetegc t17as escorted. to tho terminus ofthe Creat Noriern Railway at Bing's -cross by a detachment of LightCavaay. There .thie Eari of Clarendon,the Secretaryof State appointed to attend Her Mfajesty doing her jo'uneY and stay- mn Scotland, awaited her arnival; Mr .Beckett Denison, XP., the Chairm-n of the Great N'orthern Railway Company;- and 'Mr. -Packe, -the Deputy-fhairman, - w:ith jo 0Amsinek and several other of the direotor6 were also at tne terminus to receive'Her Maijesty. - The whole of the available space -on the side of the $atform from which the Royal train was to start, and thew indows of the vrous offices commanding a view of it, were occup ed' by persons, prnceipally ladiced, desirous4 of witnessing tlie departure ofEer Majsty, while hundrcds,~ unableto-gai admission ther, usited 'nailantly outsido to eatch a glmupse of the coi-tdge asat passed into the sb.tion. -A. few umiutes before gthedcheers 'outsideh ndicated thc arrival of theRoyal party, -and presently -they appeared -upon the platform, whinh was eapeted lor .the. occasion with crimson -cloth; and ,the Q4een -and - the Prince Consort were ceoducted by Mr. Beckett IDenison , to the' cariagoe assigned- for their -accommodatlion. Ths train consisted 'of thre - Royatloon carrages for the uso of the Royal family, two famUily carriago:s, three first'Class carriages, tWo. cariage tuclks, and two breaa;vans, with the enginespeocially set apart on tuis line for-the coez eyance o f the court, which on this roasion wa;s decorated with flowers, and 'botu the CtoyiI inisiglita audd, a -ople of banners in front, ):The 1:oyalsaloon in which-Her'iajesty and. Pi3ice Alberi sat' was placed-in the middle of the train, or filth in orderfrom the Eist break-van, with the saloons of the -Prince and the I Princesses on ach'side.: Th'e train so arranged was under the charge of Sfr. Seymour Carke, the generalman3ger of te -Gret Northern, 'lho will accompany it to Banchory, and the engine was dariven as far as York by Mr. Sturroch, head of the locomotive department.- They were accompaniod by I corps of lamppmen, greasers, and lookout men, acting under their directions. More than ordinary precautions were -ti'en against the overheating of the carriae a1es -and every otherpossible casualty. Mr. Edwards, the lElectric | Ttlegraph Company's superintendent on the line, acm panled the train with' the usual telegraphic apparatus, 'with which, in the event of any accident or detention between two stations, ho would be enabled almost instntly to com-mnriicate the circumstances to the nearest station by simiply connecting the portable voltaic battery he carries with him 'with, an ordinary electric wire on the line. . To afford additional security, the Royal carriageswere providedwith the usiua cord communication from tho last breakl-vantotbe tender, inda look-out man was stationed on the tender, who kept his face towards tho rear of the train, in order to obierve anysigna71that: mightbegivenby the semaphore on the roof of the RoJal saloon, or by any of the guards or other attendants accompanying the train.. d After the Royal family haa .taken their seats a few xinutes sufficed to make tho necessaryarrangernentspreparatory to stating, and the clocl had scari'elYstrick 8 when the traia moved slowly ont of the station, the crowd on the platform waving their hats and hancderchiefis as it did so and bidding the Royal travelers, as plainly as kdnd looks and gestures could express the common feeling fwhich animated thiem, " God speed" As the Royal cerege sped on its journey, though it passed- through a part of the country which it had severalj times traversed before, the inhabitauts, of each little town and hamlet on The way congregated at stations whero no pause was made, and atood inu'little groups on the sloping embankments along the line to cheer Her Majesty as she passed or to indulge an innocent curiosity. iAt Hitchin, the fiirt halting place, the train arrived, x few minutes iefore 9,6'clock, the first 32 miles of the journey haing thus been performed in little more thme 40 minutes. The station: was crowded- with people, 'who-raised an entlhu. s;aftic cheer as the train approached, and, in the brief stay which was made, a young girl, elegantly dressed, the daughter of a lady who occupied a prominent plaoe:on the idatorm, was permitted to'approach theRoyil carriage andpresent IHer MaJesty 'with a bouquet of Iowers. After a delay of a few minutes, to admit of the engine taldng in a fresh supply of water, -the' journey was resed, ind ;ffuntingion,. the next stcpping :po.int, was reached-at a Iquartcr to 10. Here a guArd of. honour, coniposed of a detachrcut of-tho-"Huntingdonshire tifles, was drawrn -up on. the platform under the command of Lord Sndawich, 'who wore ihe uniform of tord-licutenant of the-county. Lady Sandwich was ad3 present at the station, which iras decorated with banners and evergreens. Here too, a great '0concoure of the inhabitants was assembled, and several of the neighbouring gentry, 'with their families and others, among whom were-Mr. Thomas Baring, M.P. for, the' borough anda a Deputy-lieutenant of the county; and Mr. David Vesey and3r.Tillard, two other deputy-lieuteunaris, This being the first occasion on which the Queen had visited tihe ancient town of Huutingden, the Major and corporation attended in their municipal costume to present her with an addess of congratulation. Mr. Vesey, the. Mayor, was presented to Her Majesty by the Earl of Clahendon, and, havnng read the address-the contents of which did not traspire beyond the immediate precincts of the Royal saloon-it -was handed by the noble Earl to Her Mfajesty, by whom it was graciously acceptd. The ceremonydid not laest more than a few minutea, and at its' conclusion the train moved off amid the accl,mationg of the crowd. At Peterborough, where there was another brief halt to change' engines, Dr. Davys, the Bishop of the dioo4ees, was present on the platform, accompanied by sevcral clergymen, to receive Her Majesty. She immnediately recoguized the venerable prelate, and exchanged a few words with hini at the door of the Royal saloon. Tho Etr}lof Clarendon also shook hauds with him through the wlindowv of his carriage as the train again moved on its journey. Here, again, as at every other stoppiDg plce, a great crowd of.the inhabitants bad assembled, and they raised aloud cheer, which w-as agin nd again rnewoed on the anrival and departureof theRoyal travellers Theyweregreetedwith,. similar ovation from the people of Grantliam, where there 'wAs a guard of honour composed of men belonging to the Royal South Lincoin Militia, under the command of 'Cap tain Norris The station was also prettily decorated with jbanners and 'wreaths of evergreens and flowers, The morn- ing up to this part of the jourey had been fair, though dull and surless, but about half-past 10 o'clock, shorty after leaving Grantham, there was a brisk shower of rain, 'which continued for some twoor three hours. At Retord, where another stop was m3ade, a large foag floated from the church tower, and the station, as at Granthan,'Wa hng with,evergreens. ThO inhabitants were-present 'in large numbeis notwithstanding the rAin, anad the Duke of Weaw. cstle, acoonpaniedbyhisdaughter;I^dy Su eim 51inton, was there to pay'his respects tothe Queen as she P& . A group of 'children on the platforni sang the National Anthem. while the train stopped at the station. Resming their progress atl2 25, amid the plaudits of the crowd, the Royal [txavelIers reached Doncaster a fewminutes before 12, where again the station was lined on both sides b a concourse of people, and a detachment of the West York militia, under I the commanl of Captain Bower, was drawn up as a guad I of honour. Asthetrainmoved into the station tho band of the Militia played the National Anthem, and the crowd ' raisAd au -enthusistic cheer. A few ilnute, elapsed, -in which the eugines wero again changed and the ailes of the Icarriages greased, and the Royal party oontinuida their journey to York, where they arrived 'presely at12 43, | the, appointed time, and where they ad arranged to" lunch. - On- This, -as. on. al previou occasi imon which. Hir lajesty has passed through this ancient cathedral city,- prep atior scrummensurate with Jits dignity and importance were mad -for hr reoe-p tion. The arrival side of the platform; where a dense crowdihad assembled, was carpetoe throrughout; a troop of tho 7th Hussars were, stationed there ander the chaie of ! Colonel Ha,ggxt; and the station, with tho entrawc to tjhe Railway Hotel, which abuts. upon it, was tatefully decorated with aprofusicn of rae and beautiful flowers sent expresly for tlle occasicn by Lora Londeaborough and the Archbishop of York, the former of whom was prevented being preent by the illness of is daughter, and the latter by his own indisposition. Mir. L S. Thompeon, the high sheriffaof the county, and chairman of the North-Elase RAilWy Company, 'whoic line counMenUeO at Yo*; Mr. Alderman Ieeman, the deputy chirman, and fre of -the diretors, eceived 'Her MajeO4 when' ahe aighted at the station. There' 'wres lso one the platform tho Hon. Mrs. Stuart Wortley and Miss Victoria Wortley, the Lord- 3MaIyor of -York, 'veerig *' badge eo ofice, the Lady Mayoreas, the Earl of ire-] wood, Sir Har Smith, and ady Smith, 0-e.1 Arlashtnot, Ganeral wPherson, Sir W. RUner, ILP., Alderme Wood, Xeek, and Seymour; Captain O' (nger) -arid Mlr. Cleghiorn (aeetary)o£: the No~tU¢-Eii Xuii way ' Com'any;' and. several' cou gen temen relddiet in the :eigbi~ho~., Onk aightin- from Leri earinp, HEfer, MaWc' bestowed a grWei3iaa rweg`iitio4 tupon Mrs. S i(u'eetley and Mx'@ WQ~eP, a4 W#ll 'upon Sir . #tli,h k .d G-eneil to j & a j I psocee.'ed t t elj iway HOtW, 6re . the nusao ipr .pwions.er, madefor the reception of the august dviito ,anA'vhsla tfieyrtok'> luc lai4b & tila lpyed ie lational intho-.a'. and aiver' Iaizedj M r.' Denison, M.P.-,' Ahe cha^,irmn, ?aaa Mr. Pack., thse , deputhairman, of ,the Great Northern, with Yajc: A msinc1c one o f the dirctorb, acoom id th: cm Itrain af reseYork*ed tho Royal t A of nearly halT hcurjUT eBop left tl-hotwl to eeumetheirijounaey. 'Aser-ajesty and h;s Rioyal Highnes Prince .A&xb* proceeded along the plat. form they conversed for a fe' minuteg with Sir: Hrry Sroith;';ad on ie-enteriig.the oal iloon the Qnen grabiaouly b,owed her ack,no6ledgomen,ts to Mr. 3Hcckett -IXnis-on, whom she recogo zed onithe plitformn. Prcisilyat 2O3niinntes pa ttheRoyal travellers *rer 3nin ;mt.ioii 'and passed out of the station amid the acclatuatio4a of lice crowd. - The arrangranents made by the officiaiX of the Great Northern Comnpany to insir4 the comfort aud safety of-the Roy famiy during:the journzey were of the moet effetive and satisfworyy hind, ind thxoughout the awhole trip toTork the train wiva adiiiirably timed. The Royal party ieached"DArliagton punctually -at the .tinie appointed. . gotwithstMading. the very unfavourable mature of the dly lthere wS,as arge'-concourse,of Her Maje4tys subjecte, whose loyalty ws not at all da,nipd by th iheavi rain wh.chlsEd been falling thrioughut the mor,n. ink. The train remained only a few minutes. The stxpaon, as iasnal,/as pla,ed m The charge of themagistrattes, and kept bYidy of the Durham countyonstabidary. On-thebocca sion of the Queeni visits,' however, the loyalty and enthusiasm of he good people f Darlington are ilwrays tempered ith m od,er,ati.on, .and th,e n,tmost good ,orrder prevailed. . fr. Thompsont, the chairman, and several of the directors of the Noith-listeraRilwayCo' ng accompanied. the Royal train f,om York-to Ber&ick r. Betwveen thoe places it as in the ,harge of Catain OBrien, the secretary- and generain mnagr-of the ompany; ana Mr Elettehr, one the engineers, siskeiinteilded the driving of ihe engine from -Yr. - ArIvAL OF HER kAjEsTy il iDmmBuRGB. - (BY VLECTP.R1so GnAri.) - The Royal party irrived it St. Margaret's station, Edinibuirgh, at O6-3feve minutes before tho- ap. .ointed- ime, and on ~fjifhting there drove .in onpe aiages through the llark-to Holyrood. The way from the station to the Palace was lined by the oth Dragoon Guards, the 3th Regiment, andthe Royal Artillery. There wais a cqnsiderableAssemtalageof people at the station-and alon,g the route to. H6yrood. It - bad rined until near 6 oIic;lk, when the eather cleared.. (From the Courzt ircudar.) Her Majesty-and his Royal Highness Prince Albert, with .the Princess Royal, Pinace Alfred, Princess Alice,and the Princesses Helena and louisa, left BSc3ingham Palace at 25'ininutes to 8 o'clock yesterday morning for Edinburgh, en rouce to Balmora.L The suite consisted of the Mfawhioness of :EIy, the Hon. Marv Seymour, Colonel the Hon. C. Phipps, Xajor-General ;the on. Charles Gr Iay, and, Lieutenant CowelL -The Queen and Prince were conducted to their carriage on theirdeparture from the Palace by the Duke of Wellington, Master of. the Horse; Lord Ernest Bruee, Vice-Chamn. berlain; and Colonel the Hon. -A.- . wood, Groom in Waiting. : . The Royal cortege was escorted to the terminus of the Cr-at Northern Rai.lwayat King':cro,ss bya detachment of Light Cavalry. - ThoMarchioness of Ely bas sacceeded Lady Churchill as Lady in Waiting to the Qaeen, and the Hon. Mary Seymour has sucoeedoed the Hon. -Emily Cathcart as Maid of Honour in *aitiri.
The convocation of -the prelates -and clergy of the province of Canterbury was yesterday proroggued, in the Jerusalem Chamber, Westminster, by the Vicar-General (Dr.; Twiss), under a commission from his Grace the Archbishop, of Canterbury; IPrimate anid MetroDolitan, pursuant to the Royal grit, unto W6diesday, Oct. 8. L RPowrT Oh- Tma AilimrN blsmrmsrr.-. HughSeymourTremenheere' report on the mining districts for S856 .has just' bee peublished in ha f form of a-maI blue' book of 56 page-- Ater reporting the extension of associatEons for giving prizesin schools to South Wales ana els6 'where, the commisioner urges the necessity of a aeasure to compel'all boys between 10 and 14 yeas of age, who work below-ground, to atterd some school for 10 hours every si mjonnthsa measure which, in the general opinion of'- al 'conroered, would be of great service, both to the labouring mming population and. their employers. There is a gener concurrence in the incipIo Ythe proposed meastre, and a - fe objections of detail re satisfxctorily' dis-- ejod. of by Mr. Tremenhieere The efforx at improvement "Ade-a the-rat mining districts of Monsothhir and Glaoranshie are- next -noticeL The- Chartist ot break~of ZS3Sh,aving alaireda 'th proprietors, impelled them -to action,: and- in' successive yeiars the t mfiajorit] have taken some 'steps to provide for-their people better means :of morl, relgs, and general instruction,- and- tc facilitate . the pnysical comforts ana gecenciesof life.among-these large and rapidlycollected populations. -Grati- ying instances of thiscare andforea thought are given in the report. The unfeminine empIoy. menti of -womean upoii'the I"pit-banks and cinder-tips' has long been indicated S degrAding to the femile character, and as fraughtiwith 'many -sand most obous evils. A woman of thls class, so brought np, and from an eaiy age marries at or 'soon after' 20; and how, it is asked, is she - usliuled - for the discharge of the conjugal duties ? She Zoes-ot 1iwo#how*to l;eep a 'house clean and tidy; she cannot cook; she is ignorint -of the first principles of econompy ; maad she ;mnows nothing of the management of *children. In ionsiexion vith this branch of-the report, the neglect of some special instructi6n -and training in nearly all femdle schools for the labouringctisses is very properly pointed out as an evil that might easily be remedied, and varicos suggestions are made 'with, tlis view, which, it carried out, could hardly fail to be most. b,enficilaL The strike in the principal coal. and. iron districts in Scotland 'occupies the remainder of the report. The loss of wages betweei March and June (when I the srhike terminated) is estimated at a minirnmn of 5W00,ODOt, but this very imperfectly represents the total loss inflicted upon the community. These strikes are likely to take place froma time to' time in Scotland,and the empoyers are mrged to adopt, -without delam, such measures as -stay:'tend. to abridgettheir duration. Mr. fremenhoere thinks that it is possible, were the effort fairly made, to establish :so much confidence between workmen and masters sa should -stisffthe former, 'when a demand fora- increase of wages waS resdsted bz the latter, that they really could not afford to comply with the request. And -so, -with 'zelation to a lowering of wages, the facts unon which the master founds 'his plea for reduction should be patent to the men Mr. Tremenheere 'deplores the fact that,wheneveranydifference arises. beBtween masters and. woriknen, -the ques- tion is immediately seized upon by delegates "'wose: 'direct interest it is to aggravate every existing cause of ds- - -pute, and bring forwar -as many others as can. be sinde - available," and 'who, by generalizing the question of 'ages for the hole district, do a great.deal of harm; for -one *master, by his haclity of communication, easy 'working of -hiS minerals,' icc, might be ablea to afford much- better wages thani another in the same locality. 'But these matter ae entirely unestimated by paid deltes. he' results of strikegarepa2ticularlyndticeaheintheirmoral and physical effects upon those engagedin them :-L The diminution of crime. 2. The incresa' of diseas. - The 'low, living produces low fevers, andif wet or cold weathercomes' on soon iftera strike, id before the stock of clothes, 'hich huusualUly been mnuch reduceaby being sold or pawned, can be replaoed or recovered, an increased rate ofsnortilityis the tonsequence. 3. Demoralized. habits. -The same obserers, hbaving experience of sti-kes for upwards of 30 yeas, notice with' rgret 'the injury' done to the habitso a wor and his family by a strike. The loesof their usual resource of wages drives them to- esort toeneas of saving them I selvesafromstarvation "which an honest andwell-behaved. workman would not previoI$y have thought himself ca>pable of. Some get into debt,to a amoun't wic tempts fiem to become diboneste, others perambulate the country -begging, or rather often extorting money or food * others send their wives or childien, or both; on 'tho same errand - in sll cases their self-respect is imp"i edor dostroyed, and ..wben that is gone. the descent is easy-to crime and de dation. A SoLDiZm Mu rar -BY' COMEKDE -. A shogking deed 'wits perpetrated at Dover on Tuesday"in the opexliht of day, i the *iew of a dozen spectators, andwithin a fewyabda,of the towN, theascene being a meadowin front of themilitary hospital at Arhliffo-ot where the :49thX eimuentis encomped. The m .charged with the offenoe aisiprvate-in that regiment, "inedThomra Man. sell,ijs-thse-eictin'was ai lasiceoorposil in the"eame'regi. meat, nasSed Alexander M'ifurney. T here 'i no O,taiOton' whatqvs'as to,the::gullt-of.the accd,as.tbe-deedas' ommited in the ,preenoa of several-coDmrades. The weapon 'emplo'yed was 'Ooe of the nffield'zidles, wrhich: is. ii ue among the 49th,' and it :appears that the 'cc.sued wvent out of 'the-'tent 'he occupieid, writh' his rlifle in his hand, and- deliberately d ldp to the' deceased, whows'enga d ine caning his o unentl accoultremasits, andshot,mdai Tedcasde rose an sagered a few yards, crying, " I'm shotl-i shot! Iansel as shot me," and then fell down a expired. By the promptitude of Sergeant-YAjor Holden, of the 49th,. who was on the spot within a minute of the dreadfulaoccurrence, the ugeon of the 49th, Mr. Han&Y, was fetched from his tent inmediately, but before ho had arrived the vital' spark lhad2ved, and his services, therefore, 'were of no avail. The , pe er'sarcely attempted to eIcape; but, after- he ltad; ommitted the horrid deed, threw down the weapon behid' ad, with the simple exc ion ",-Th,ere ex"ad wakd' aay,, - Ee was, of comae, instanlilid hold of by a dozen - Imen, and, by the direction of the colossal of the regiment, .ewas handed over to the civil authorities the, same mornin. r n1 the presence of th agitrates the prsoner exhiWed a fi&m ia Hcool-dee4neanour. He: sher above the middlesheighkandhis fe exe cauness, and in a cetain degree intelligence. Hi paa Tsather ,pc snUfthan otherz"e. 'After evieioeto the'effect we. ha* ddea t l:ta eouwt wu red, and, o the re-admniio ,of %*-". aic, the Mayor infcrmad *eprntbhe I''UCSZ eadetd until ths day. Thepisenr did jet seem moved thougtout the prooceedigs, and during the time thetthe magistrates were consultingtook a n o'SEA,
ILA r . I17~ OWr oc. . _ _ 3 )1lBLNIN THRESAX XOniXn(a. -j THE OlD.DO s1r Br. PAATRIC]. 'The investiture of: the Order ofS -fr` PASYick ta,Les ~iace today in -,itbiin cwrtLe,.~L -B0te e of the Earl of Shrewabury the 6! ot new knights is-reduced-to two,--iame the !qXiis of I.ondonderry and th'e young 1zl-of Grfrd. Both nre hi lfly-fopimlsr, t an in the it-of:l 'th pees it of] -pe sapo,lhave b -e defnl toseec two :Froblemen more. worthy- of thie mark lof the Sovereignm s eAteem. - : to. divs ionis SolDiEg i t01 te -Ae -- The Ftreeman's tJournS of a ti - morning piclsu out Ithe. triel names fom the lints publinse, in tie -fowiteur of -the solaiers wito hate beern aw de The French military medal for spca ervice in thet Crimea. ti far as can be judged the iest is fairly *made out,- and every name brought ou!t is strongly raci of erish soil. The conclusion azived at:is thu3 summled up:.- .,.- Itiow. iff owe ditide the total nunnber.efio to divisions, inclurding, in the pfi the iho household troopsu rcid thyScotm ntimentrg -nd iuding in the other division all ther isgnesltac thfe line,-beisiiing With .the Ecyals, and ending with the ife Brigade, we arrive at this conclusion. To this firet dinision were awrded lit medals, of fhom l2 krish artlUeryxen-b o .nidas Itistobeobeervedthat thisis generall conaideredan excin-w sirelyEnglisb foree, but the B hhnnsprove thit in this select body our coun m7eannaintaintheir ground, .We minaasoobservethatweinclude nonaniewhschisisanotwmetiatiyIrish, so that it is higblyprobable that uch1ar ,proportion-of rishmen are to hefound n the.Artll, t t body having been lagely recraited' in Ulster, the namis of the men consequently having a Scoch or English oiind. -s to the second and morn importat divison-in facb, -what is known as the British infantry-we find that22t medals were distributedamong 39 regiments. Of thls.ll0 were conferred nnono Irishmen, leavng only SD or some few more to be distributed among all the English ana' Sboteh in thee selected regimeants. This is a gnat disti ,-and Plaees.lidsh vaour in a st'ill more .contpicuous light. We have selected names which.adn,it of no slol*-t.l1- Iriih.all miliar to the ntive ear. The dobtful, no oibin clude a considerable percentage of Irishien, and itwe ke the moderate number of 10, and add them to the Irish list, welfind.thegrandresultthus:-224 medals to the- Enklish infantry, of which 120 were theprizes of rishmen,- ar, in other words, nearly double.thenumberawarded to En,glish and Scotch combined. We have no doubt -vhatever that this calulation is far below the mark." TWO SIDES OF A QUESTIOX. , The progress of the soial revolution in Ireland has drawn-forth the following bitterlamentfrom an old and ardent organ of 1rish trbiilence and discontent "There seems to be little mse in denying theterrible eality ny longer-the Saxon has at last triumphed-iver the Celt, and the old historic island, which so galantly strugglea for nearly eight centuries, is proetrate at lIat at the feet of England.- We may hope against- hope-eertainly -we shall scorn to be particloatoss in the infamous srrernder; but it is impossible fo shut our eyes tothe fact,that a mysterious and unaccountable iniluenoeehas naralyred the energies of the Irish nation, and that itcrnld be inpossible7to describe hercondition more accurately than iosaythat shereseiu'bles 'the corose npon the dissoctiigtable.' To fight the old hattle against Engl force or intrigue, with the- usual chance of success, woudd still be reasonable; but who can contend for t people who seem indifferent totheirown aunhilation weight-well welckoW that they hate English misgovermnent as intensely as ever; but heir siletce is misinterpreted -intancontenteddrovindilism and Enlad takes advantage of it to rivet their chain for ever. Butwhat trenders all this -more disheartentng is the fact, that while the country is politically dead, anthe grest masssof the people are slowly hbut surely mnergig towirds anklruptcy, we hear from all qurters of 'the improvemnent of The physical condition of the people, of the rise of wages, of the prosoect of the halie*,ies of increased production,a nd of developed indust.' YFre, we bear of the increase of large: fsrs an d the -destruction of small ones-the improvement of stock and the disappearanee of tenantry; we are told that pigs and sheep and omen have advauced beyond' all messure; theoige humanbeings have deteriorated in a similar ratio! . Our bland Vioeroy drinks- wine at apahlic banquet of rich contented citizens toasts ' the Prosperity of Ireland,' laIuds the disappearanceof religious bigoty, and retires to coinpose a pam letfor Exeter-hall' And, then mid 'Whig coteries and contented toadies-,rwho are satisfld with- tier gains, the country is forthwith pronounced prosperou;, content, andhappy-, and yot are pronounced aviseonary if Yon sighfor nationalindependence." There are generally two sides to a story, and it may bes 35ell to hear what another Authoritysays -with, rerd to the ntationsl bar aptoy towards iwhicih Ireland is fast hastening inder the bliglhtiug iluence of national prosperity. The Bclfast Mercantilc Adecrtiser is considered assafe a guide upon social mibjectsai.miyof itsmore elo4uent or preteritious cotemporarses, and night send -day aenot more dlsticX thanl the proepect as sket1sed by this matter-of-fact jourlial_ni4 the -de~pirng organ of the old r4iimc :-. - , can say for-Belfast Tha nerer int any period o£-our recollection *ere the industrial rankcs so wvel cldithed or so *ell fed as they are at this nmonent; even tin the face of wlheat at 75. er quarier. -The loaf is Itot large,- Lt the means of purchase ore nsors ample. inthegoodold.daysof Protection, it Was not unusualI for the labourinu rAnks to eke out esistence on potatoes three 'times' a da. Thor. timeehavegoneby,and atpresenttheconoumptionof 4heaten bread by the workpeople is in a fourfold rtio towht it was ever known previous o the advenlof r.FeeTrade.'-tIn former days. John Bull- groaned loudly absout rlnd*s Dopulation. andthenvasion made onhisterritories by the 'incorrigible Celt.'-' lTow, The same rotund personag grumbles because the lIish are locating the,iiselqes by the shores of the ANmericxalakes or the Southern Pacific. 'Under the dynasty of. Protection. the- poor' people of this country rarely found the means of migration to other lands. Pree. trade, like St. Patrick of old, has banished the serpent idler', and taughtour people the dignity of labour.' Deso. lation has almost forgot'ten its ancient haunts in Ireland, arid tho ratio of pauperism now fall under that to be found on either-side of the Tweed." - UNIvESIT II,.GENcE . n-, , CoI2xGE, DURsM. . Provoit rir SeijiorFellows of Trinity Collge hive elected 31r.iohn E.'Cairnse, A;XL, to the Whately Professorship of Political Economy. The election was preceded, as usual, byan exainstioks of the canldidate, the examin-ers bea his Grace the Archbishop 'of -Dublin, 3fr. (lon- missoner Longfield, Dr. Hancocki ant Professor Hiussey The following are the -candidates who presented themselies, besides Mr. Cairne. arranged alphabetically according to their surnames:-Buederick G. Evelyn, LL3B. W. B. Jemison, LL.B. ; John P. O'Hara, AlM.; and T LWilson, A.2s All-the cndi&ates were reportedashaing answered creditably in the science. :TH'ElJDS. - Three per Cent. Coniols,-94; 2ewThree per Cent. Stock, 95,51; City ef-DuLblin Steam Compan y p'ad,31; Ming -confpny of Irrliid; 71 pai; 14 . Ralways.- cork, BlAckroc= ` and`P 20. paid, IVf: Dumdalk and Emlklen- 3Oz. paid,c' 1.1reit Souxthern and Western, 50?. paid, 581; D;tto (peSTd in full) -20L., f39 Irish South asternu, 127. jald, 73 i; Vaterford ind £dmenick, 50?. paid--(Ac.), 2Oi; Ditto Six pee Cent. Prefernce>, 10h.
BIUTTSH .RCHXOLOGICZ AS$oZCATXOAY. : , BRIDGEWATEIE, ATUG. 28. .The members of the ANDOCIAtion XOebOa to this to t tnig'ht, fter visitin1Montacute and YoaiLo A pbilBe nxeetingiiaiasSft~ s eld iathe Town.,M Mr. Pettigrow in the chair at which apper was rd by Mr. V. }rtving en tihe Cibw'oxy gsou- of caps in uswex, and tho evidesio afforded by them in ilustration of the modw by whichnLay be determined the nxtion to which the coarnvtioa of any particular earthwork intrencbment ma belong. Kr. Pl&nchd next read apperby -I. J. G. Prencl or rayed banners and the earliest armorial chage .hix morning the assoeIaion left Bridimterbytnrai for Clovedon, and p aeded to vit in sucoeaon Cleedoxn Chirob, Walto =e and Church, Tan-inlGordan Church, Canenor Court, Clapton-in-Gordano. Curcht Cadbuxy Camp, Tickeohaii Church, su. C edoi,Court VWltn Churcx is a aDUlitery T Walit Castle. is situ Ieon a lofty hill, ommanding a b fuil- Tim. Tht ru ins bon Astaof an 1ct agon wal, with a to wer at ach, adieX, Lnd, inthe area thus-formed, of an octagona keep withi tower atonc angle. Walto-i-aGordano is situate mn a Mel. Cadbury Czup, a Boman fortfiop, in fon .by . .rnt uta iadeo. o loos MoMe.* It occupie-icomumading pointa or-AlooGng the Tle ot ,aileea on one side, and of Porkbury an tho other. Clivodon Colrt, 7Uth.be t of SirA. . 'Eton, datee from. the reign of -PE wad IIL, but wa esored in the tinatElizaerth, and as inc received mauy leratiw= and additionL iiLi fine front is of .the 14th ent. The -'iehhen andlparts of the entranoe-hall. an among tae mcst ancient pat of -he Sti;fing The bil1 above Uie mansios commns a viytnuie'iew. The asoeiaLion then turned to Clevedon, a is modern waterinn , aeltcred by 4 rocky height. T old village, of wr th watering-plae is an oshoot, -ctaim k yri o, the faourite -resid of Coleip, 'which is described in lia " )y1he e1 "low wa our pretty ot; ?ur itllet ro. - * .- "Peed t the ehsab,r viaaw.w Clvaedon Old Church conta the burel-i ilae of tiho -5h edong, aniently lords ef the ranrz.- -Sir Thona Cklerdonri repreentd by an eEgy fuly ase and rit. ingitefedton a bll A Imaumsmtisjlaoe in tle owuth as to thee Wor of t -wife of Yr. -auam, the hisoIan. Mrs. 11l Ia dVW i o Sir a :Eltof, o Clevdoa Court. . - - After a day tn the en t of the landscpe 1. entd by tisbily i .au osmm ad in i nqee_ Oftie mny itrAg -oh a red the _ retoure to B 6dgewat- stde to, n the odi tite congre6s so ee441 is ate wa -: -To-morrow the i mociatio Ne U A Bath, who* th* lbe a reepio atthe tibhi lb d s Li hyTmtit assseswl takel- U ie.. in -te-'. ---O vme-_i wilii mah enOUi5 _hIioa iB-- - -
FOREGN 2J~RLIGNCE -- o P * JFRANCE. (Thou oUR oWr COQthONDT.) A, -,[Al .PAonf tbA oUowing p In our second e.U- I .FR1S, -WnDSxNSDAY, 6 P.M. The letUer from3m. LLouis Blanc inserd in your paper of the 25th inst., and relating to the condition and sufferIng bf the lFnch political prisoners at Cayenne, haa naturallyattracn atentonhere, but none of the Paris jounasl have as yet made anv comment upon it. As it is but just to hear hot aides of the quehion-Iw¶ now give you the risults of,thoinquiriez Thave smade upon the subjecttiu official quarters, premising, of course, that this statement is also exparte. It ia Said that, in the firat instance, the political offenders, condemned by courts-martial or mixed comLissIons, were assembled on the Isle du Diable, where they lived at liberty, subject to surveillance. In consequence of attempts at eseape, and disturbancs and plans of revoltwhich -were discovercd their place of residence was changed to the continent, and by a decree published in Augut, 1855; they were ordered to work and subjected to milta-ry discipline, which the Government of Guiana, as I am asaured, applied only in its mildest form. The mrcnth of March of the present year and the birth of tho Imperial-Princa brought the decree of amneaty; the exiles were offered to make their submission to the Government of the Emperor, which many of them did, and a great number of requests for pardon were forwarded to France. Until the replies could be received Ihe work continued, and The regulations were enforced as before, but 30 or 40 of the prisoners refused to wvork, and their-nmes 7rere transmitted to the Minister of Iarine, but no decision ha as yet been come to concerni them. Now, it is said that theae very names orethese a- pended to the letter mitted tc you by M. Louis Blanc. I am told that al these men were argnedbefore eithercourts-martialormixedcommissions, by which they were regumlarly tried and sente; 3 fac will probably not boe onsidered by 3. Louis Blanc t;o refute his tatement that the ayenne pisoners were driven from thei cobuitry "not il consequenee of any lawful judgment." fe will very likely deny the competency of the tribunal above cited, but that is a matter of opinion which I am not called upon to discuss. It may assist, however, in an estimate of the character of those for whom he claims sympathy, if I mention that seven of the -nersons who Sign the letter he gives, and who were condemned by a mixed commission, had previously undergone punishments to which they had been sentenced by ordinary criminal tribunals. Pelletier, Cayet, and Padouani are liberated galley slaves;, DeEssale, Dore, Rziol, and AfIhaud are repris de jusiice, men wrho have been punishled for cffences against the laws and not of a political nature. As regards the cruelties alleged to have been practised upon the prisoners, the herms, with a cannonball attached, which they were compeLed to drag, the foggings at the sake, and the blows andbrutal outrages their guards were allowed to inflict upon them, these are formally denied. It is positively stated that the sole punishments to which they have been subjected for misconduct are imprisonment and stoppage of their wine or of some other portion of their rations, mid that in no one instance has cornoral punishment been applied, except in the case of the criminals confined on the Ise Royale. These are not political prisoners, but come from the French bagnes, and constitute quite a different category. With respect to the excessive labour " in marshy forests and amid pestflential vapours," of which the 'subscribers of the lettertoM. Louis3Blanc complain, statitics have been furnished me from which it anpeas that from the Lst to the 30th of June (in the hottest season of the year) there were but -two deaths out of 181 convicts. This can hardly be considered to indicate overpowering toil or a very unheallthy condition, in a climate which is notoriouds'y insalubrious. 3L Peret, ex-MIayor of Bdziers, whose ease is cited by one of 31. Louis Blane's correspondents, was condemned in Mlarch, 1852, by the court-martial of the 10th Mitary Division to imprisonment in a - fortress. The sentence was commuted to 15 years' hard labour, and afterwards again commuted to the Eame period of transportation to Guian. His -death bydroWning occusredin an attempt to escape. Two of the persons who signed the letter tol.I Blanc, Labrousse and Frison, have been pardoned. You are aware that the Legitimnist papers have been for some time past carryi on a most important riscussior as to whether the white fla or the ticolor should be adopted by the Boulrbons whea they resume their place on the throne of France. Much weight has been attached to this -question of bunting, and, strange as it may seem,the -colour of a cockade has come to be considered as one of the chief obstacles to the fusion of the two parties interested. It appears to have been thoulght, however, by the higher powers here that -the dispute was 'eecoming too proTonged, for I hear t;hat the diap-utanta have received an itntination that -th;ey will do well to findsomeothertopic -upon which -to waste their ink. The, continued low prices on the Paris Bourse and -the general tendency to a fall have excited remark, but cannot be considered as surprising or as afEord-itg grounds for un-asiness. The decline may be attributed chiefly to the dull season of the year, when a great many speculators are absent, but we 'must also bear in mind that about 30,000,000 a month are paid in on account of the loan, and also -that within the last few months there have been very large isses of stha in various enterprises, which at this luid time would not find a market except at a depreciation, wvhich induces the holders to retain them en pofeu.ile, aad to sell out stock in order to meet their cals. A letter from Baden announces the arrival in that p7ace of the Duchess of Cambridge and Princess DIary. They were present at the theatre at the representation of the 'Siphte," a comic opera. Near -the Duchess were seated Baron de Stolopine, the Itu5sian Minister at Carlmruhe, the Princess WNizemski, Princess Rtadzwill, the Princess Butera, Viscount de Serre, the French Blinister, and several -other distinguished persdnagea. Mademoiselle Du-prez was loudly applauded. A grand ball Was given, on Friday at the conversation-rooms in honour of their Royal Highnesses. The Three ier Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 55c. for the end of fhe mnonth.; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., at 941. 25c. ; and the New Loan, at 70f. 55c.; Orleans RaiIvay sharem, 1,385f.; Great Northern, 1,042f. 50c.; Strasburg; 935f.; new shares, 855f.; Paris and Lyons,- 1,391f. 25c.; Lyons to the MIedsterranean, 1,785f.; Westernof France, 957f. SOc. 130deat an Cete, 73f.75c. ; Great Central of France, 6851.- Lyons and Geneva, 7g5f.i Bank of Csidit I~obilier, 1,617f. 50c.; Austrian Railways, 877f. 5Go. CcT:r Ata, -FARS, Aug. 27.-Cash Pices.- 7our-and-a-f, Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 yeArs), 9W. 50c. 25nz.; & s er Cena., 70f SSc. 50c. 45c. 40c.-; ditto Loan of l 70 T r ceni. pd), 70f. 4c. - ditto C-rtifiates 70 ser cen. pad.0f.0; Treay bonds, 5 per cent. at three mionths; BaDk Actions, 4,100f. CrEdit roncier, ObEigatons of SO0f., Threo per ents., 39f. 50c. 400f. ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., uus.; dit Three per Cens MS- Cr l.i MobfiUar 1,607f. SOM. 1, 61M2. 1.a5if.1,617f. 50c., Dizcoint Bank, 637f. 5Qc. 695f. - Piednonteae Five ter Cents., 91f.500. rastriFiva per denta. 88; R omaws 3; Sp3nish Defeaed Converted, 25 25j; ditto Interior KilBt, 39, 40 3.9 40. xchanpg on london, at dght. mnio=, 25f. 27To.; three mo nts, money, 25f. THE ?DIlTMRAXEAN. - (rnoae on ow connsos-mrs'r3.) -- MARSEILLES, AUG. 26 The steamer Camel arrived this mornino . She brings mails from Constantinople of the 18th inst., ;allipoli 19th, Pineus 20th, Iessina 23d, with 124 sullitary and 67 civil passeng,ers. Letters from Trebizonde of the 10th inst., received by the Canuel, announce th the Turks had receiver -pessiou of Kars on the 4th. The Re.. an-~ ay, amouting to 14,000, had returned to the:r ncampment. Ifetters from Galatz announce that the E were repaing to evacuate Ismail and Rten ^ The Thinhal and Snake, under the orders, of Admiral Stewart, were at Trebizonde on the 10thL o The captain othe steampacket Scamandre, whf:i arived this morning from Tunis and Bona, states that several shoecks of an earthquake were expe-. zienced at Bon2 :on the 19th and 21st. Anumbar of house3 we-e destroyed, and on the 22d, when the' caandre sailed from Bonn, the troops - oZ the garrison as well as the inhabitant had abandonedthe town and w7efe living in tents. A let' er from Algiers -of the 21st inst. states that a seM're shock of ait e3rthquake ras experiencel in that city durng the afternoon. This was followed by twoother soks, much stronger, which caused conaidcrabej alarm through the town. The oscilla- tions continued for two seconds and a half. This was the' be tr hoclc of San eqieperenced in Algiers since the mont of Septebesr, 1852. T-ne steam frigate Saone amried at.MAfijeles yesterday, with'only her mizenmast atandi.: -eSh sailed from Constantinople on the 9th litant, having on board 8'T aoudieo -- She enecotmtiSd a heavy sea of Cap (jorae, and rolled out her m6mai and fore masts. - Fortunattel no .oic was injure' She landed her troops, and sailed tb-d.y for-T0iilon to be repaired. The Brtish steamer City'of'Wasliington arrived yesterday,' towing the- Titan, of Boston. She sailed from Conatantinole' on :the 12th instant, bringing 1,000 tons of milit EtOres' for the French Goverinment and 420 soldiers. ' The Titan brorght 2,000 Jtons of biscit, alt ineat, sugar, and military stores, forthe French Go ernment. The Council-Gefieral of this de('oAmeuZliches dii Rhone), 'convoked, by a decree of the EmpI eror, assembled last e'vening.' The Count de C!hanterac, President of the' ssermbly, opened the proceedings by aspeech,mi which he congrattlated the meeting on theu glorous peace obtained by theh prudence, moderation,' and genius of the tnpehor. 'He then alluded to the birth of airln4er3a Prince, whom the Ainighty, he said, hado7givtir to the Emperor of the aench as a new plege of His protection. He next refered to '*te late inimdations, by which tuff departient }'feredt more severely, tha any other minst'ance,, h the inhabitants of tArres'and' Talasion opaticul'arly having sustained losrep whicht rcainot easily be repa iEd e concluded by o ngratour l atsitg the inhabitants of - reilles on the great iprovements .swech are in porgres in the CitV,-dockt,a 'Third port a cathedral, anew Exchanlge 'and new siets. M. iae Crevecsur, Prefect of the ueoartomnt, 'lhien lose, and sid that, stil suanering anderathe paindul emotions caused by the recent disasters, he would confine himself to a recapitulation of the taeasums adopted o r tre the ruins eansed by the inuntdations ando to restore security to the count.- 'Be observed~ tIia' b!eh1lone~-hadrisen on the Slat of last Bay 51. centimetres h1igher than durnng the anundaosea of 18i0, othe hihest lood ontrecord. bThe pLains of Tadscon and Arle Were covered with wafer, and presented the' appearance ~of an immense lakte. The .'t"tire"tdwnof Tarawscon was- flooded to the height of the first. floor of the houses. The 'Ehmperr fouind it in this'- condition ;when he reached it in a sliht boat, having effiected a perilaus Epassagn through the breaches maade in -the railway. WVhen the waters 'had subsided a commsion was appointed to ascertain the losses sutained. They amount to 132488,429f., compriing the4 0rops; buildings and furniture destroyed, and land-either c'ompletely swept away or deteriorated. The landed proprietors or inhabitants injured amount to-8,291; of whom 1,470 are ia affluent circumstances. Their losses amounti to 3 851,255f. The local subscsiptionsto relieve the indigent amount to 400,00of. This sum, added to what may be expected from Paris, it is hoped will amount to 1,000,000 f., a very inadequate summ to provide for'9,63t,l74f. losses sustained by the indigent. Having rcferred to other topics of merely local- interest, 'he Prefect concluded by congratulating his hearers on the present condition of the empire,-at home public peace established, the laws respected, a'Id the authorities obeyed,-abroad general peace conzolidated 'glor reconquerel, and France replaced' in that edevated rank from which she had -fallen7 in -her misfortune. All this had been' accompliihed under the guidance of the tutelary geiaus 'sent them by Pr6vidence. After :these speeches four commissions were appointed, and the Council adjourned. SPAInT. (ano30 ORn OW: COnMnrPOINDENT.) BAYONNE, AUG. 25. The Cotuntess Mina, widow of the celebrattd Spanish guerilla chief, left this-yesterday for Pampeluna. She has been invited by-the municlpality to attend the inauguration of a handsome monu3ment to the memory of General Mina. On'themonument which is e'rected by the province to £hefamous Navarrese chieftain are incribed these- words" Navarra a su hijo predilecto Francisco Espozv Mina." Mladame Mia resides habitualy' in tge vicinity of 'Corunna. ' Her. qualities of mind- and' heart and - her extensive and 'practicil benevolence, independent of the prestige attached'a to the name she bears, have given hei- great Iinfluence throughoxt the. province of Gicia, of which she is a native. Under the Regency' of Espartero Madame Mina filled the post of goer-, ness to Queen Isabella, having previously had the p,randeeship of Spain conferred on her, whiclh the etiquet-te of the (Jous of Madrid requireda8 an indispensable condition, and to 'which the title o.f~ Condesa was attached.. It is we11 ksnown that th'e education of the young Queen and her sister had been neglected by their mother, whose tsime,' during the first years 'oF her- presumed widowhood,' wasB too mnuch the~n up with' other' purSsuits to allow of her attending to the mental cultivation of her children. Whatever little. instruction or accomplishments' Eer 'Majestq pessesses is owing to the care of the amiable,lady whose tenure of office was too brief. To say that., M1adame Mina' replaced Queen Chzistmii. is. not d sufficient. 1n her governess Queen Isabeila hadI before her the model of every virtue that can l adorn a woman. The virtues that distinguished Queen Christina. it is superfluous to. dwellupon; they have been long known to and appreciated by the Spanish. people.' Thepatriotic chieftain whose name Madame Mina bears, and whose memory she cherishes with undiminished affection, was the elder of the two eoIdiers of the guerilla hearing the same name. The one' who first began' the warfare' of the 'mountain against the French, and which so often decimated their ranks and cut 'offE their supplies, 'was; J~aner MIina. He was a) student 'in theology in- the' University of Pampeluna when the French invaded Spain. HTaving assembled a Emall band of young men like himself in his native village, not far from the capital of l?avarre, he raisved the standard of revolt against the enemy. It was he who. first made the name of Mina knowin. He -was' soon joined by Francisco Espoz y Mina, who served some time in an inferior capacity' under his nephew. After a year 'or two of successful ad-' venture Javier was taken prisoner by. the French. Theuncle,Espoz,succeededto the command of the guerilIaband, whose numbers he greatly increased, and whose operations he extended over the greater part of the Basque provinces as well at Navarre. He was at one 'time in command of not less than 10,000- hardy mountaineers. After the restoration of Ferdinand YIna was treated' with the same ingratitude i7hich that miserable sovereign manifeated towards the people who had mnade so manysecrifices in his cause. TMe reaction which set in was terrible. for -Ferdinand heaped perjury on perury. Ai uns ecessful attempt at insurrection was made in Wavarre,- in whilch both the Minas were concerned.''- They succeeded in escaping, and lived for some time inFirance and'ngland. Javier, the nephew, emigrated' in iSsG to South America, then' engaged in effecting its independence of the mother country.. The guerillachieftook part with the patriots, was defeatedin an'encoun'ter with the Rloyalists in Peru, was taken prisoner, and shot instantly by order of the Viceroy.. The eIder Mini. returned fromi'e xile after the death of Ferdinand. for QueenOrstinaa had then need of everyone to save the crown of her infant daughter. He comaded the armjof operations during the frst year of the civil war in-the- northern provinces.- His health. however, did not allowsr of his enduring the fatigues I of campaigning7 He-was appointed Captain, General of Catalonia. He died in Barcelona in, -Ithink; the beginning of 1836. 'It is of this distinguished man, Francisco 'Espoz y-Mina, that Madame M1ina is the relict, 'ahd' it is his memory which the Navarrese people-are now honouring. The Emperor and Empress appear topam their tie verv -agreeably at'.Biarritz, where they live without state or ceremony. They may be seen walking on the cliffs and wandering about the 'rocks .like psvate persons. . The Empress particulai.y iS in excellent - healtb. Their newly constructed house has not turned out as they expected.- Its low I situation aind its nearness to the sea expose it to constant hunmidity. 'A regatta took placd yesterby on the Adour. The Enperoi and Empress were' expected, and a handsoae stand was 'erectedlfor their use at the ena of the fav7ouite promenade, the A:lles Marines.. For some cause or other their MIajesties did not' cme, -to' the gre>t disajpoiit. meat of the crowds of s etators.he g Emperor and Empress gave -gold medal to the winners. Geneza Serrano is -expected here this 6venin from Madrid, en Yqvi- ,for Paris, to enteron 'hii fundtionr. as ambassador.. MI. -Olir. eh~-ad.an asdienceof the lmperor todayat arriz. * Oar accounts from Maldrid are of the 23d inst The suppresonn- of. the l¶ational Guard is to be0. folloired by other important measres, namkly,the didsolion of the Conatituezt Cortes; the pub.; liction of the funxdaincntal lawl, that is,- thet con-, stitution of 1845, with some modifcations in, a mona. libralsense; the municipality and provinca du. tationla ,nrtiictive of the powver of-those bodies, and dep iing them of all rig&t to intXrfere in ;politica questions; the law on the pres, itro4uc. rug changes imthe penalties and the organization f. thejury;' adthe etaolishment of the Council Of StFate.- * I. .-. - NMesrs.' Brmvo BMurilo and ,Gonzales Romero,. former; Ministeiv, had obtained . leave to returi to Spain, andIwere to reside some time in the ]Biquea provinces.. M M.auel Bertran-de-Lys wai expected.- at;a'di. -te ; :t Geer Zapataero, Captain-Genefal of. BarciL3n,t ha,d issued a ban do dbaolving a31 essociatinns exist- between manufacturers and between operatives, throughoutc Catalnia. 187 individuals, condemired toseirv'e in the colories on account of their 'nartici.patho in thie last revolt, had been embarked at 'Barcelonforthe llavannah.
| ;THE CAPE OF TOOH HOPE.- . Wehave 'receivedffles of papers from the Cale -to tho 5th of~ June. - . Th3 CAe pheH~aiament 'Wu proroguied, on the-~ 4th of June. -Subjoiined is the G_overnors'sspeh: "Mr. PresIdent and Gentlemen of thLeI sla~tlvecoiuiciI, -Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the House of Assembly,I hav~e, -in Her Majesys rame,. given my assnt to the various bill which you. haTe. reetedW to me, and it Shall be my e4anest endeavour, now tatthese have bec6me law_ tobring them into speedyand beneficraloperation.- mon thewc meaures is one br which Parlieinent haseecn the right- of. setting aside 'a grant oDf Ilands made -by theOrowni. Admnittin2t-hat this I~t rests in- Parliament, I thinl-it isoiLe CII .h ereY ',L,oa- m0 rat&?C175 pvsbe -M-c,nhrfbre, frmaypeculiarity in the con1stitution. - of 1 your courts of law. an iinusua difficulty trsns itsuelf in this colony, in hain Crowngvnt whic ought not to have been miadleeaidinoiar course. of law,_ I h?e that at your next meeting somea mabaw-mxy bed - foviating this difficulty, as.ft is, miaffeU -ettr tat-aCrown grant to -hich obections aele_ lould h6 set aside by a fornnal 3Jndicial ecision aftr-al te prtes nteestd i te cse aveben thesre and r.Saft er tr anidGetloemc oetiofthe have hAsembdly, Irve thak-oth atlial.thio of theCortI prathern thanhato harliamenotshepoul perclduondu tof inerfMjtser v intese andffdrpeakervnriGentlement of theoue cofsetby. Th w hankhyou hiet1oinrstdr the Gverylbrlroion whinh yo have madze fo6r thepope thot duct o geeroMjsity-wit servic, ando thme ofoaddrious reqirements oificuthe country. The vtmost-shallh done teor aidmingistergeconomiallyadh fun ds whloich -yuhve thsusnrcesteof t the GontywMhvernm efen t of "arin have evey hopugha theowse generosity-witho wdich, labgla tieof cosherablenu fianciaf digmeculty, yoever reprovided such larne imeoranse ofo ahidin imingraion anI o veopn the. resourenta ofG th7emcounrf l hav Uthe. effctof ca1r.yn youeasilyan Getleeuof thoe dioiultes of Assemly, I rA a sthe wemmeth and iwpatanc of this colon y -mesr. bpeke andc GentlemenpaT of the HCusetofi Asembly.-.o some of the advantages which arise fromi its expenditure, .May. uponl some equitable principles be sharel by the States and provinbe Which virtually contribute to it. .- OAt present nearly the whole- trade and conmmrere of south Afiica flows through this colony', fertilzing -as it -were the country is it flows, and enriching its inhabitants-in mnanifold ways The Customs' revnue is but a6 small part of, even th ulc bencfst whichi we derive from, this commerce, and i no manner re presents the.wealth which b y a thousand invisibile streams it brings to almiost ev6x y part of the colony. It is a difficult process to divert comIn mercve from channels *hich it ha; lIong occupied; ju t once it is so diverted it-is even nioredifct totestderdt to-its former bourse.- "The trade which- wei carry on -with the ineir-i et but inits very-infanicy- if,Ithen, it is now of sogrextand alpable advanta%ge to tiis colony, -who can estitioa- whIat it valuo wil b-0 when the vast tract of' the intbridr- to which emigrats are daily proceeding swarnmwithis large popula%tion of Eurp_ea-ns,. or - of- almost civilized - rnativo tries Ifwe'view the4-sbject-under this aspoct,.I feel sure that al musmt -agree that every step should be' 6aken which a prudent -liberality can dictate to enter inito some arragements,withithe States And uroirinces in, our:v,Ibinity whichimay. have the effect of bindting. them by ties,- of. at least reciocal beicantile advantage, and of long pcuin to thiscooi thtcominerce'which even no*i so-beneficial, and which.year by year acquires additional hmportanice. - ---'- --- "1At the commencementb'f thei sessioni of I8M5 it was my dity to lay before. you the system of policy which Iproposed Ishould be pursued in reference to; the frontier andi British I Caffxiriia., 'That line of policy hats bee'n stricly adlhered to Jby the Govermient, at the timne it was received withycusral -approval on your. party and -voi have since -oordiaally coopertedI in ever_ystep which the Governmaent lwts taken with regard to it.- If~tsnirattainment appeared from. its mautudo: td be difficult and- remote, but still,aideI by .your wisom and experience, and cheered by your co-opera'tidn>.and. s7ympthy, I patiently, with youx asiy-feflow lbuers, worked.on towards the-end-we had in ve,and which I never doubted that.we should ultimnately rc.I becomes me, 'herefore,_ on this occasion to thanicI you for the aid and confidenoe which yoL have afforded me, and, 'together with you, to rejoice at- thu rapidl advancees 'we now apea liclt iet-the ends we so anxiously desired to rah. - ' - You, I imn'sure, in common with mnyself,' feel grateful to that D)ivine Providence' which has guided this colony throughi so ninny difficulties to the present point at whIcli so lighot afutnre appears onening-to it. 'Risingatove those -local and selfish, -vies, yoi have 1indeed; by your addiesse', shown the -gratitudle -and joy with -which younvlew-tb o honourabl ea pesc-which -has recently been concluadedy and which appears likely to secure such advantiges to the whole of Europe. i - ."The fe~mligs -*hch youlhave on this occason expressed will bo most.gratifying to Her Wajesty, -and- are due-to tho Queen, who, thproghouit the recenut just war in.which he; em p r a n ,. el so, anxious a solicitude for the safety and welfare of this colony, that, pressed as Great -Britain w~as for trope,s Her Majesty, nievertheless alsways mainitained here tliat lame and efficient, force which yrour necessities required,' and. iFhose'flrst thought subsequently, to the conclusion of the peace, has been how, froma that auspicious even, -advantages might be derivedl which might f'or ever - s'ecur6 this colony from t-hose devistating wari which b-hae sowoten brought ruin to its inhabitants; "I thanic yon for. your attendance during the p3resent sessionof -Parliament,--,aa attendance whichhas,lainaware,' bieen attended by personal loss and inconvenience to many of y .ou;yfrw e you must, owever, in Ia great maure feel compensated by the advantages which youL have been enabled to secure to the colony. - :i "J-Z,now, in Her Majesty's -name, piorogue this Parlia.' mnent. of 11cr Majesty's settlemQnt of the Cape. of Good Hope to WednesLday, the 22d day, of October next, and It is hereby prorogued acco.rdingly."- -
: I - CL I i _CLERICALD ISTES.S TO THE EDITOR OF TME TIMS. Sir,-I read in your Tuesday's impression "the distressing case of a poor, penniless, friendless curate" of a parish Esser, the, population of which, is 1,300, the v.due e' it living 3901. per -nanum, his vicar non-resident, nd aI; stipnd SOd . per annum. How can this be? * Ithis .ium'ent has been intituted since ' 20-lk o0 July, 1813, thEBishop must license this curate and ip o hini a stipend of. 1 Z. per annum by law, andma'sist upon its being paid notwithstanding any agreement betecesl tnel,tothe conirary. If, therefore, Mr. G. Nicolas, of No. 3, Abcburoh-lane, wishes to benefit his sick friend, let him, as his representative, lay the case before the Bishop of the diocess, and try to prove to his satisfaction that 801. per annum only has been given as curate's stipendl; then> let him request his Lordsild; to order the absent -vacar to pay' -thearrcars- f his curas S stipend, amounting to 70L per .innum .for every-ear io has received but 801. The Bishop has power to enforco this .payment by monition or seques-. tration, together with fnil cots for recovering the same aes :I)et*een rotor and client. th Should Mr. G. 1icolas take this adviee, and tBiahope not at as the laW directs,Aet him, through your colons, informnthe worl&of:the same, and then I rooinleLyit to. help this poor afflicted curate; but if he will not do bo,ilet' neither the vicar nor the Church be blaimed. . It-isnot to be presumed that 'bvery orie who enters the Church usis of necessity conmnand successp, although he may deserveit. I - - Believet-me. Sir. truly you -*. AN INCUABMEN1'.
"lDdfrxiEss' or =E: SEASON..-It iS teeploca propensity of the r[ewipapers at this season of ea'o -raise the unpleasant cry of unsavour- y fish Vt ey , o themnsdelve and reiterate day after day, ana week after Week4 that t'here is nio news. We beg leave to di6fr irith 'them, -gnerally and ariu ar,end to say that, a1thbugh1 .there -may be no Falaxet n ittle polifics, the recess is co03mmonly the inost newsy part of the year-when ieaaiiews: bzpsthemiost justice done to it and is written in theL most entertaning. xmaner. As consientious newsmopgers, we mr. of opinion'that the news auring the few'wees =ice~ -Parliarnentrose hias been peculiarly interesting,andwe wfiV notfallintothecommoncantaboutthe dulnesof-the t3kes mnd the dearth b topics, since we have never spaice enough'~ -for our npws - and.ean never overtake one-half of the sub.v jeots which invite discussion. The truth is the world turns' round the sqame&when RPrliament is not sitting'as iWhen~ it is-p,rokb61y -a little -faster, if anything, 'consider Iig. whtaha y. isten off its shoulders. Anothier truthi ir~ that FarlfiLiubt is a bore to newspapers, its Proceedingal occupying space that could often, very often,, be filled Iby matter bedsi more amnusing, and. more instructive ,to threefourths of aUlnewspiper.readerg. Considering bow iittle,~ too, in ieAIly accomplished during the lonig sittings -off -our gislatoras-Itminght-he debated whethesotecus Aiona:of -Pxrl.iamentary. d-ebate Ehould ntbarikfle roll at t-he commencemeiit.of every eio, h'ig:en
* _ . -z x .YIGH aB AsL-.- i - .Thej orkmenin s=irg~ iatufaciOr in the neighbourlbem rh eawc i-i pOn-Tyne rent"an addr awt; ( XEi -lghtingal6te w brda3 -c cngratulaSting her u:pon her safe th her 6me cia rieSds. Miss Nightingale bai returned the follo'ind reply .CMydearFiends,i re you what wasiunsnyheart ,hea1rece6ivodyor letter; yo:ur a .,oCme, y sy,usthy -with } at bas bee passing ,,I I have b,en absent, isae touched me "ore than I Can tell in words. :My deir friends, the,thinj&thjt aaja6p ~in our he*rtswro perhap3 what it is'most difcult to US D - h.A dionewhat, she coula.' Thosie words I in- SCne,W oIntlletOb mOf 6nej Ofybeet helpmr,,wbom ITleff,i -.Iz%the~rveYard atSditari It hasbeen my endeavor-r. in tliesig tofGoDa,todo aashe has done. 1I4illnot npeakoC iew*axd, wrhb permitted to do, our country's wiork. It -is wha wlite fok. Butl nay'saythat to receive 4ympathy. from:aMoetionate-hearts like yours is. the greatest m i - .4e greAktes gatification, that it is pssible for me toeni fro ma. - j.thak yu al, he ,80wit-h ratefc1,tenaer. ~ffctin~ ndsh~~ hvewrittenbfo swee t
P i:R - : O 1: ; P17BLrC PROSECUTORS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE 5 TDYES. Sir,-Youriorespowient, "A Se3sions Barrister," sn, ,gsasa.panace-of. theevils polnted out byyouintadministratiot of the criminal law, that attorneys shonld b'e adequatelypaia for the conductof prosecutions, and ho goels ox; toay that ("respectable -and competent men will then comefOrwar(l to conduct thdmm." I have had some little expeience as an attorney in. criminal prosecutionSs and thp conclusioril have. come to is diametrically opposite to that of your correspondent.. It is not 4the amount of remuneratiGniwhich deters inany solicitors from seeking after pr4c. ticeof tbiskInda; other cause3 opjrate;inuch more powerfully Somesolicit4rs havea naturaldisliketo "trdeoin crime," -or, in other words, to get their living through the mnisfotmie, folly, or vice' of their fellow man; others wll not des¢end.to the jobbery constantly practised between the low5 practitioner and the police, and between the magis. tratee clerks: and the police, In getting prosecutions. lZot long-since the senior -partner of one of the largest firms in .the county ia which I -reside admitted to me thatheopaid the superintendents of pouice for prosecutions, adding that if lhedid notadOit the magistrates' clerk ould Increase theremuneration-to attorneys, and you will increase this evil but -I deny' thai by that means you Will indauce one s=ingOle solicitor' averse 'to4tho-practice of criminal law to :egage in it.' Viewing -this question in a 2 s. d. point of v!w,, canrthe c9untry afford to pay such a remunerationrto solicitors for prosecutions as will induce themn to alter their practice?' I'say not ;and let me ask a further question. Can the conntry-pay a large body of men to attend to that .wIhich a ew cen imtter perform ? If not, your correspondeut? remeayds impracticable. The majority of our profession (to their credit'be-it spoken) are not averse to give up criminal practice, if itbi, -for the piiblic gooGa --Few have ever engaged in the mo re Iucrative part-that is, the defending prisoners. I believe 'that if the. repo. * nf the eomnmittce on the Public Froseco. tors'-Bill is ch. - ? . 'he mAost beneficial results will ensue as regards tille . oinomv in tho expense of prosecutions, and 'n the dete ir.n r 1~ Sze'vntieu of' crime. naf sail - step- will materially affect the members of he ha i lhivo no-doubto , 7Lonce may be expected the *a- * oppo3M1n-on, rt m-tho end I believe the change -ia-. m efieialto the bar itself. - Only remove the absoiA 4shaeE? *whs` preveunt an attorney becoming a menber ef the bar; alloi barristers, if they-prefer -it, to-become <.icitor.,; keepnp {the present distincEion as between the h1~her and lowed;branches of the law, if you like; lnt throw opositoattcrnevgthoeconductof cases in quarter sessions, anld Jic.ywill 'stbtbe3sasistanceof thepublicprosecutor, be fullv ,onpetent o *'he :duty.' This,; with thepractica in county 'ourt'mnd the gieneral routine practice of an attorney's officeo will bring out the best men for the bar. If this course ere adopd 'you woild not have the inexperienced barristers so a*bly deuict,ec hyyonr-c.irespondent,. "A Sessins2llar. rkistea# "yonrWould.not thfin have appeIs made-t6you t6 keep ur-a hId steni of criminal jurisprudence, mel' t? gLve occupatoix,to a body,oE men wbose exclusiveness alone s reducing theni so pitiable a position. Your cor±e.pondent:seems to inply 'that the ends of *justice?tcofreucnXtly fail through the inexperience of couh-i ad iA,~a-fee is it through the careless manner in whiclh '-the ca.9 has beea mana'ged"before it' reaches the bairister's hands. .2 -;Ienclsf mybme and address, anad remain, sir, . .-' -# 2- - .i.Yours verv oh1ipntlv- - AN ATTORNEY. ; Au : t 23., . -
1*TAz PRRIN NAPOySOKS TOVR,-.ThG.-follOWhsc ist'aiireitrit riiom a -letter dated' Arksut, July'313i--"I 'have p:echeathis -place after avoygc of nine weeks, and 'was quite tired of it by the timeI got here. I found the £r,ic?Ns ,aplean itho- had come ou to see the country. 'I was .wte6 on board his ship; and -took my meals with him fer three days. He ieited, our mine here, and had specinriens of everything. He was accompanied bv men of scfence ,and -ta,lnted bdeers-_the Dnke of ALrsntes, counts, bxrons, &c. He 1s very affable; I accopanied himnall about -the ncighboujioo, and gave him plenty of riine;als &c. --He is er&y fond of natural history-nothing escapes his notice6., We ha-ve had th6 coast Atred with 'wvcki-E,ro -- Iaden. with timnber, nnd one found des&rted out- at 'sea by the PrinneIsap0oleon. -A Danish brig left Copenhagen on thc-14th obf rob, but has-never ,b& heard of ine. Tie i'Go,vemuor,' Capta,inEolT,oll, his sonj and plenty of pas5enke-s w~ eresnneier coo ming oh,t-,to ,Greend; thess isnchance -bf -theit hivbig been saved, probxbly they.were ornshed intffbe id ,I -have- hd tIotu&ntDtroyielf 9i6eIirriveail6f' in tae2PinneesW-vessel fromn-rdedickitdt, and his boat ji getting realdy now t -s,tart to the Gliciers,' --,- . H-.et, Wsty, after her iecent so;ou n at. Devon' p6rt graoiGtu!4 eomma,nded ,that 1(iO'. sfioudl, sad. ' thel ev. Cedi-go W. Procior, as ler 3 j,et's entnbitii j towirdrthe amolunt ieceRsary- fcf thetcomplet'ionof St. Stephen,'s, C,hu,rch, which_s in co,orsedof erection in t'4at ,to,wn' ,fdi the- families of Hel' Mhajesty's'-soldiei-s saioros, mnetS, .and dockyard artificer3 ana labourers..-. -
ITAZY AND D,WJZISAr. TO THE EDrR OF THE TDES -Sir-Tiro leedisig. aide upon Italian affairg- dren forth by ihe publication -of two letters by 2ziui, hve latelyaDpdienin2i 2Tma one on the 2d,the oe r on th rAth int. in criticiing the iomor of Inearesum irchare.propoed as-mens for -wrodde t a |ertaiU end, that end should of eoorse bekept in vew. NlowT I think it is apparent that you, Sir, not only di&r in opmioninfromi "Mfasini ws terhat ought to be, hut a6 to wlhat actually is, the objet ef tho Itaihaninoijusnk'and thi desire `nd hope of the people. - A problem of emQ independence is not to be solved by the amknem s Y ovae of | ad nistrtivereforms er free nditutionx; theJformteam be uccessully Workd cut only by insurraqUo!, on -z&ynlution, and-theb moderation which may be Wisdom-in one casemay be follyin the other. . Muzini aeumes it to bet understood aud Admitted tat the aim of the Italian raovement is the .xstaeuco of an Italian nation, the :indepedenoe aax&initot Ital;w asa}e regards au questions of-ocial .istitutions PA entirely suervient to this It, ahoida be rzeembered that these letterswere written by him *orh3s countrymen, who are well acquainted with hiSf opinio and creer, and Smong WIhom ,s N ane is identified 'iththe: ides of Itlian natiouality. But of this heseafr. I desire, in the present lbtter, to. offer my tesmony o cerning the Socislisttendeny 'which is impute to the Itainu revolution ry movement hy,ertaiae-pre4sms in t<he firstodffi theoleading i.riclesl adlude to.- The expreions are used in reference to thoe -who, it is assumed, iiht'obey * cdl to insurrection from ii. They anre described as ;mein influenced by a hatreaof 0 li subordination, all property, all rgion"andfurter: on a "'ainob ofwld democrats-ud turbulent So"iist"- This iauga6 eirrescnida swith that used by Mr. Disraeli in the debate ou Italy on the 14th of July. That gentleman described Italy, incommon-with Franoe, as covered with A network of iecret sodeties,'-whose object is "3ito chauep the tenure of land, to deprive the.present owners of the seil, to break up all ecclosiastical etablishments ;and l;e lo anticipated the erecion st Bome of what he called a ! 'red re. public." which. I beHieve. isgeneraslyunderstood to mnn a republiec instituted for the purpose of caying out, by terror and-violence, the'theory of some one of the Sodiist sects. I attach importance-to this language, because it is not the .first time it hMi beeised, either in our Eouse of Commons c by our press, and not by 27ie Timu alone; dI eoneeve it is cdoulated-to mislead publio opinion as to a, most impeortait chunterstic of t'he Itsian question. , I offer .m-n testimo?ny to the fact that there is no such thing in Italy a what-wre nder*sAnd bythe word Socalism. IfE- hr. Disaeli hs discovered the eitstence of secret. societies having in View the objects he descfibei, I can only saytheir existene`is eitirely usupect by the people o. the country. But, in truth, there are no Socialist seCts in the Peninsula, **hther secret or avowed ; nor is the revolitionary -moveinent any tendency whatever to encourae or introduce their docerines. But the connexion . of haZZini's name with ihis imagined -Socialism'betrays, if 'possible, a more extraordinary wnt of iowledgeof Italian affairs and men' than even the sup' rouition that Socialism exists. If we ere to read in an Itslian 4ournal 'a condemnition of fr. Cobden as an opponent Of free trade,and a supporter of the laws -which restCWted the importation of corn, -we should marvel greatlythat any one7 -ho 'to-o upon himself to Write about that' gentlemanin a foreignjournal could make so extiraordinarya mistake; just so must any countryian of Mazinimarvelfind -hin referred :to in an Engli journal as an en courages of Soalaism;- the opinions of -zha upon - Socialism, and, indeeij his dpi ilons generally, aro not lees -hotorious mong.his- countrmen than Mr. Cobden's opiiiions on the corn lawaare sxong 3nglishen. '-.- No one lies, probably, done more. to; prevent the-spread of Socialist sects and teir doctrines in Europe than Mazzini; Front the gendarmes of the French' Government 4Sociaism takes refuge in secret societies,' and 'under 'per- secution its theories maJY- still be propgated, and will -become more 'extrataguit. The French press has, forhe m6st part, dealt with Socialism only by.bittei invec;tiie, eaggeation, and the imputation of bad motives to its i leaders; but men who vare conscious of not deserviung suth inputatio,n, fen? who8 have certainly ad innview only to i7neliorats the condition of the poor, and -who, now suffer poverty and exie for the sake o,f their djpiniofms, a reno likely to yield' tlin -p'to nvective and.abuse. Bat MKasini has ncb'intredSbcialbe withabetter weaponwith reason and soud srgument.-, He hs entered inLto oon,roversy iith mnany of the Socialist leaders ; ie has aught thed argued against Socialisin reiterated publications in sItalian, Wbrnch;- and Egish, during morn than 1years. }verethcowi and tsystem he has anetmioed,ffrom the -its and mostio soable to that clieal makes the State .universal nAufactuaev and cultivaton aehas proved thiat the mere extravypit systemsu,. even if-theut were practicaible toall, wirch. e denies, would have the effect, by their nteim ncet of tht erighteo f -property of dettroyneg ntheosroiressandosf , fber, , and fri, audtbe urantee of .isamlioleadra . h cAndm he has bclearl shosn tht alU the sshtenis would in their woraingbr difficulteto reconcle with liberty, and tend-to -suppress "emulation and- impuLse :toWards progressr, individual merit and responsibility, ad that inessrant apiration which spurs men on to new modes' of prugress and of life." . -i a l : . - Icn an article on Socialis7n,,which razini published in the Belgian paper c atyon- in h careh, 1S52 (and hich caUled forth a,rep'ly dsined-by Iiouis Blan,e and reight: other;, SoCialist leaders), he commences by ,admnitting_ the justioe and hu7manity of certain abstract principles which the Socialists contend for, and wh,ich, he says, are comoriised-in the old. word " republic." Ee thien continues:-- , "But I accusie the. So9ialiitsr the chiefs especally, o~f hav.ing distorted, mutilated, ,and restricted the great socihl thought, by imprisonin7g it inabsolute and positive sysems, which.usurp at once, upon the liberty of the in dividua,. theSevefeignity of the,ountr,. and the continuity of progres - *.. -.- ;I-accuse-them of having:repeatedwith leuthanm iktd Volney 'i.fe is a sexrch for happiness,' instead of re peating, with all thaose vho1have ever producc& great trans. formations intheworld, 'Iife is a mission for-the aecom. .plishiment of a duty.' They maypreachthe wellbeing.of all, but they will succeed onlyin creating egotists." I do injustice to the Yeasoniing and the opinions of a great mind by attempting to give an idei of them in few words or by-short,quotations; and those.-who are interested in the -subject maay findca series of admirable artcles on Socilism by, Ntzi, in EIiglis,, in a publication caled the FPco;kles . sfar -back as14 and 1847. .3llwho are : A with his writings generally are awAre that, indap)e,ndenfly oEtb&se which refer expressly-to Sociilism,-the sip.n. rch:h pervades them all is opposed to that exclusive d,UenFioni materialand physical wants-whitch dharacteriz S SociaUsan. He views the great problem of the improve ment of -analdnd, as'one of religious and moral regenera- fton, of 'which he considers the amelioration of man s maite rial conidition would bo a result. The initiative of 'this e lilious and moral regeneration heleoks'for in an Italian nhn'on. - r e ]1pointed oouW the mischievous tendency of Socialismx before ' it Ihad beein productive.of 'mischief, andbefore the Mnglish press o'r Euopean public opinion had condemned it,. He forotold-thatthe effet -it-would have in Fran?ce would .orny bo to excit, in opposition to tre egotism and corrdp'tion 'of the -bourgeoisie, which bad been fostered under tho- constititi6nal Government of Louis ,PAilippe, a rlval egotism of - the worlidg elass, -bv - concen. trating.their atterition upon their phscsl condition; and that through these opPiOAti6iingotiszis aa the general cor'ruption-and worshi of mnteral ixerste -liberty world lfll. He foretold that disippointed as the lower orderinevitably wouid-bSe&n- their golden hoDes of "a speedi aie' viation of their- sfferingsander the Bepublic, and taught to regsrd.the form of ioverniment cnly with reference to this alleviation, they -would be ready to accept a despotis fromatho first ambitiousisnan 'who mighst be cusning'enougfi to persuae- them that -by placing hiiim on the throne, they would iprove theircondition; "for," s,aid 3zzini, "from tho'egotist to the slave there is but onie step, easily manadged hit'h 'a little'tatet." ' - --~' . ' : ,' ' - t'' ' nrg :0;X onX ioAi,c entitled, L ha ici ropo7o, sas , publisheod byblazimi at:usanne in 1849 ana continued during the two followingi ye?ars; it wa s intendedlor circula. tion in Ital.: In thiapniiation articles on Soca'usm fre,que,ntly ocour, insertd professedly iot to combat-any set emstbni in Italy, buttoguard againsi the danger of their entrance- into ,the peninsula . from the. habit .of imit*- tion; and neither. in'thi publcation, uior nl any of os.ewritmgsw;hicb,nfter itediscontinuanoc, he peiodically circulated in Italy. wll he found one line in which he has ever-held outto the lowve,orders4 the prospect of_any iXnproyoenent intheir condition, or. any a^dvntage: to: themn. .ls, as motive for joining-in the frcipatedst efor ntional independence. .On the ontrary,-hi,hassspolken of self saerie, of endughungerand lrit, ,cold and suffer- og,-imprisonmuert'gr death forth,e,fulflmcnt of a duty;, for tho liberty of their countbry.: In ord,er Ito ,prepare the people to become,fit labo,urer in the ationl case he his endeavo,ured to inspire, m in anticination'wth the -quali- tis of fr,e- citisIns, -wih the-onsciousnesseof their own dig4tyj; the power of 9sef-sacri6ee the ivirt.e of enthu I France the totl disard oi the i;onaitkin and suffer ung t&hsw6rlkag claase by the corrutpt and sAclkobbing ouoiae drg the reign -of power under- cov. iatei'onal goveirnment the 7inredible -exeent o that sufferig, andli the- -rild 's,ohenes a nd -umitauaable hopes that Soiaismn^has given nse to, iil cbieto render' the great -question: 'of ^he imnprovement 'of 'thw .eudWmes of the- lahoarag, eamsien difcut aznfi dagr .fo, -that eoak;. ad tie p*iar ep_ .dn ilee it bewain oso- th N. o seal Iinito _e eallca be haed.-< Mme future o a iau z&atiBs mama bythi dweu' Fri -the bs. of thelate VA efhityf e *f i the Italian peaan is far naprir to that of the Fr:h; nd, 3reti he natonla atie is foun mong lower orders, it is _ neisauiipeimsioe fot hs iumprovement of tbdir condition as individuals OF dia SS tfie sratienilsf delea thse charmor of the -ple~p and raU iz e theght io odth inQt. phiyica and materal wants; i,t- gsmaerism~tn eelinxg between. th difleet ansof socey aog wjhich it is equally spred; a ommon aspiation, devotion3 aQ cusewich is equly that of allIhlian, and the cijitiozr of a stnle in eomnion aYe incompatible 'with egoih of cUlas Add to this the shee.. from the p.'la. eil the W theories. of the Soci.alis and we Lnd the spieadid futare that would open to an Italian nation,tmclouded by anrprospect of difficultyinthe maduidand peaefu amlicration of the condition of the labou;ing cisse. f LJam entlrely t a loes wheIende%vour toirace3he Forcoe of thee errones idee, -whether in an FLi Nitatman or the Engih pet, - which connect the -Iian zevolationay or national mosewet withizocfalsm ;and whbich paentlycuectit eveuw ththYemost eitrecnezct, foriti esupposition tht property is endanwered points- iotha tCommunists. I aM aware tbat in the Popes neycli of the ath of December, 1849, he charges hie subjects with Scilis and Conmuniu alte6iieuy with EProtEstmnflg NAdanarcy; -buti h)a imaxined that .thkis - y. clk& was a well undestood in other ezn.tcies, s it was in Italy, to be mere aumny. I am aware, also, that portion of the French prees, and a French author, the Vicomto DIAxlinoout,: strove to 'ind some shadow of excuse for the iniquitous expedition' to Bomeby similar calumnies but the motive for' min,e-3e. wentationin all thee inwAnes was obvious I can. eall to mind no event that ocUrrd iz any part of Italy, gez*er during the years IMS and 1849, 'r sin that time, which can afford even a plusible ground fo. these impttae n I nor the name of a single IJtlian who becamen' iUsribus duiAg that period against whom they bern I cast -iith ustie; Ad although Mlai bhi had some enemieaniiong his .ountrynmen, who have not shrank froming cluziny againt him, not one among them-not evern vFain---yer -entured on the imputation of Socialism. It isnotoriousthat thespeechosof our4emenareoftedeforlitsje.bj*x pett objects of party interet, and it is not much to be woa. dered a, perh pif mistkes or misrepresentations. W n times occur ntnem; but it is ad to find crel-snie rnlth invetiation of trth in thse riters for out press- who take ulpon tiemnel to be the eyes and ears of theXnDih pulblic, ith the consciosnscw that hime public opminon- they re intrumental in forg may infuence the Bey ofour Gcrernment. Ihe mainence of the prineiple of non-in. temrention is the utmost that the Italians hope for ortesire fromI Engnd; for whatthy most fear in their comin Atrugle for independenoeissoombnatfonof great u e despets aainst themi. There isbout ltirecbpnoeSthwe sallever do even this for the Italas; but wFhatever chance there maybe would be annTilat.d~ at once-ifi the sympathy of t}e ngihpublic should be lost i;b-ougha erroneous impresson that Italian revolution i3 ina ny 7~ay -connected with the ild shemnes of the Socilist secs.. I ann -Sir. your obedient servant. A. TRAVELLER aT rrALt. I Ag.
- BOMA2TXC STORY. - (rom the JontroJc Standard.) .-'- WeI MAY we toerm-hat we intend to state a Tomntic stosy, for it is one that almost outyies fictionitelf, and iill long continue to be recited at many a fireide an winter evenings. On the 18th of July lst a gloomwas 'sprlad over the town by the inteuigenoe -hat a biot, belonging to the brig Bet, of this port, containing five men, had been Ewanpei, an tatiol hld been lost The captaints ,ccoint of. the .disaster was as follows, addressed to Flroost .Xackie "-I ami sorry toinforn you of the loss of a bot and -five hands on one of -the Tristn d'Acuna sldands, while;i' search of freshwater on the 23dof March, 18t. They left the ship about 11 a.n, the weather being calm, and the -ismnd-about six rlles distant.; About o'clock a Eight breeze sprag up, and we ran close in to the boatk and aew them filling the water. Night came on, and no appearance of them coming oM - At -daylight--next morning-we stood close in shore, when we saw the wrek of our bot on the shfore. We got the long-boai out, and went still cldser in she:c, but could see nothing of any of the -bodies, and the sea was running so heavy by this time that we could not lan&, It is my bldief that the boat had upset in coming off, and whatever way it happened it is a mystery, and it is witha3heavybesrt thatIsaythat itcwilrerainso. '-We 4silea about the island for two days, in hBo f bein able to 2ahd, topay -the espect due to the dead, if we fYnnd any of-the. crpses;-but the sea was runming so highon'the thind day that there was no hope of landing, aud I bore aWay." _ Two of the five belonged to Montrose, William Pert, the male, andJames Toung, anapprentice. Afterxeadingthe above letter-lit'le hope could be enterhined of their existence, but, sMange to sZy, the wife of the mate had a strong feling in her own miud that her husband wis still aliv, andrefuse-to tonmourning weeds. Ofteninthesileitce of. the niSght EId she ponder over. the late of her lost one, and when sleep closed her eyelids the mind zeverted to its aLl-engrossing subject. Strange to say, her hopes of again seemngier husband were- strengthened by the recollectiori of dreazas which must have passed before her mind's eye aIput the urme when the boat was said to have been swanSed, aind previous to':the intelligence Teaching Montros.- 'In these she tawher husband struggling togan.theland, -and !actallyreaching-in safety a barrenand inhospitable-looldng -island.- Days and wees pssed oninithisagonizing atte of _Lmmd,-when at; last-s letter froin er-husband was put into . herhasdby the pos5tnia, bering the welcome tidings that thSwhole five were safe, and detailing the hardfhips wbica.they had: undergone. We have been favourod)by -a peua-of this-lettes and wre make the foliowig;en- *racts:,- - : ' - " ln ,April 9,1556. - . . . . I am now to commenoeletting yov know a little. of what I and four otherpoor fellovs cene througlhon Easter Sundar, the 23d of farch. We left the Betsy to go onshoreforfresh water, and -while attempting to go on the ebeach, where we saw water running, our boat was upset, about 20 fathoms from the shore. We al! got to.the laud- ith grxet difculty, after -being knocked ab6ut -in 'the surf for about 20 minutes. The Betsy was then about three miles off, but there was no appearance of any siEstance from her that night and ion may imagine what a disagreeable night we endured, - 2ext morning-the Betsy was about six miles -from us: -bout mid-day,she came towards the land; and the other at was pat oat. It was msldng for us, but the 'ensign was hoisted on the being, and the boat turned back to the vessel again. What- thi ciptsin's meaning was for so doing I cannot tell, hut to ma it lookedavery strnge; and you may think of our surprisa when. we saw the colours hoisted, the same as if the vemsel lhad been leaving Montrose harbour, and aw she went. The weather was fina at this time. Our clotWes were 'ill -torn to pieces by struggling so long in the water, and-ire now fountd ourselves on a desert ilnd, withoutfood-or clothes. We made out to get a fire, and, with the help of God, wegol plenty of wld young birds, which we caught before they couldIlyfronm theirnests. While owalDdnglong tbe beach we clso came upon a large sea elephant, whlch we idlkid and skinned; - so with the help-of :Providence we got lenty to eat, such as itwas sere we had to remain -5 ays,n that naked lonesome state; but by chance two men, who had been hunting on the hill, and had lost their viy, happened to come past uLs, and you may sapreoe how glad we were to see them, for we did not th inkere was livnng being- on the island but aerselves - - On the sixteenth day we had been on shore wec took.the rod, .alongwith the two men, for the settlement, and with ouch a bad road and our hare feet I cannot express what we -suffered. The blood was running from our feet, whichwire in a terrible state. Ther. oad was sald to be 10 miles-in length, butit wbas lile 50 to me. When we reached the sedttlemient the kindness of the people was more, or as much,-as we could have looked for at our own homes.". -We ma here remark thl portions of the letter sppeto have been written at different periods. On the Ist of 3ay he writes:- : - "WVe are coxufortahie, bint anxcious for a ship to come this 'way, and taeuas off the islaii- H z reis thz.ls of liay, and no. apeaance of getting away. - I am giing tired isud tireder. I niav say -e ar on an bi ld for jioa can Jee nothing bt the sea, nd I am ow standlng o a rick; I am getting plent of time to fnk; but it is tha ords will that we hold be puthem andweinustwaittil suchb time as He maytake us off which I hope wi not tbe long; It is now sixweeks sine we came asbore." I On the 12th-of 3sy the prayers of the cast-away "6rs were answered by the appearanoe of a vessel. The nate - ' " We have nowr got off the island, after being seven'weeks and one day on it. We are on boad, a sip belongin''to Livegpoo, cailed the Conquest, and when-we got on bord we were -ery gld; We are weil used, and IL ad thetirpenter belong to .31ontrose. I did not rkw hirm but he knew me..His nephew. to Miss -law, and ,.beenvTey kind ingiving rue wst clotheslsoodainneed of. TFhe hip is bound for Calcutta. and- it will~ be four, months beoed I kind~~~~~~~~~r .sfet home." We are ahere together, and I am taking oare *SuCh -is a plain tand unvarnished aount of this ill-fatd crew, ande are glad that their privationsn suffris have not remained such a .myster as the captain of- se vessel imagned. ---,--
ZTEEIOIRS o,f he COUR1? of &c RBSBrYC-. itesb memoirs, which are a further instalment of the C-renville papers, are, to aome extent, misdv,ignated, for the Cabinets, rather than the Court 0ithe Rzenuey, supply the nain portion of their contents. They comprise, ina this behalf, a number of Whimunications, chiefly from 1811 to 1820, whereby the Grenvilles, and especially that mysterious orre6pondent whom a contemporary astunes he has idstified as Mr.Wi=Dantdi, conifide in theMIaiiquis of Backinghamistheirpolitical hopes ordisgii'sts.' :ither of these are of- some value to history, and in l their day were, no doubt, of vast importance to iniflential personages. The reports of the anonym 3us corresPondeant hve, moreover, the merit of treating Tany of these personages with a very edifying candour. We pbehind the scenes and behold then in their natural aspects and attitudes. To confide: their secret proceedings even to the Marqluis of:Biacingham, the reporter, as he avers, Vol. L,-page-- 27, had to commit ." his honour, and perhaps, his.I life, to his Lordshitds keeping; and it is hard if a ineach of confidenc~e which, from the hazards-incuijed, must have been held to be most culpable as regards his contemporaries, shoul7d aford no com- peanstion byway of instruction to posterity. -I 'Te memino commnence wit;h the Chriatnani of:! 1810-1811, when the declared:derangement of the °Bls fa cvlties -had created a vacancy in the f,±sb power of the Legislature. Politicians at this time might well be axious, for the country was embarrssed by the most serious difficulties at home and abro. The urgency of public business and the anomalous position of the sovereign estate prevented the usual prorogation of Parliarent. The throne was substantially without an occu- pant, the Government without a, head, and' legislators coIld not be permitted to keep holyday, - They had not, indeed, much inclination to with-- dkaw themselve3. They were, in fiac, battling hard oyer the conditions of the Regency, and were-sili more inveterately occupied with the issues of their own rivalries. The praetical and paramount. question for most of them-was,who was to have the confidence of the Prnce Pegent ? The chief of the Opposition having become the head of the State, it seemed natural that the party with which he had been identified should furnish him with his flrs6 responsible advisers. Ths, the Kings Mnisters weremiu a critical position, and might shortly expect to be ousaed; -while their opponents were sanguine, and might shortly expect to be installed. This was the prospect out of wlhich the latter contrived to ec:ract, as they long remembered, a most bitter disappointmaent. .IGrenmville, one of the chiefs of the Opnosition, had at this time, as Auditor of the Exchequer, anindepaudentembroimenttwiththePrimellister, on whose behalf he declined to authorize the necessexy issues of money from the Treasury. He insisted stingently upon his legal liabilities, used lofty constitutional language, and gave proof at tliEs time that he was a difficult person-obtrlusive proof, if in so doing "there was room," as his panegist allows, "for some smart reflections upon the Auditor's conDsistency." Lord Grenvile wa .sssciated in the leadership of his party, unfortunately for himself, with a mon equally stately anid punatilious-the late Lord Grey. Though this brace of distinguished peers were the natural inheritors of. the Reggent's gatitude, qkacctum. ualeat, yet they exercised very ttle influence over his mind, from a deficienzy in that social attractiveneas which they had not inherited from their predecessor, Fox. They had, moreover, piqued Sheridan because, when they had the power, they had not advanced him to any of tehso high officer which were reserved for their own exlted circle. Sheridan, not anticipating better treatment forthe future, was therefore not indisposed to place difficulties iu the way of their formation of a Government, and his influence with the Prince rendered his estrangement of much importance. He was at this tie stayinlg wbith Lord Sidmotath, who was in frequent corrspondence with Perceval, and Iis offices thus bneam available to the discern. Sture of his former associates. The Prince, without intimation of his further itentions, in the first place charged Lords Grey and Grenville with the preparation of his answer to the address of the RBouses. He wished them to confer with Lord Moira, but this they declined. Whether the address thereupon was or was not more complimentary to themselves than considerate to the Prince may, perhaps, be a question. At nll evrents there was an opportuniity for Sheridan to suggest amendments, which he di-d vwith an alacrityr 2nd copioulsness indicative of mischievous intentions. The Prince acceded( to his suggestions, and the improved form was Presented by kMeriden to Lord Grey, at HoUand-hoiese. The shrine itself was thus desecrated, and one of the deities of the Whig Olympus was implacably offended. Lords Grenville and Grey addressed a remonstrance to, the Prince, which may or may not have been highly statesmanlike, but it was couched in what our Yankee friends term " tall" language, anad afforded Sheridan an opportunity of renmarlding on its "stately tone of dictation." The Prince was not only admonished by hiertreverent comrade of the " tteiege he might expetV" under Ministers who began to lecture him tbus early, but he had independent grounds for leaving their anger unapipeased. Not only were the Queen and his rter,theDuke of York,particulary averse to such M<inisters, hut one of the physicians of the King undertook to warn the Prince of the hasardous consequences of disturbing the Eing's arrangements. More than all, according to Sir Samulel ARosnlly, the twro sultanas, Mris. Fitzherbert and Lady Hertford, both concured in wishing him to retain the Ministers who were in. The Prince therefore rejoicedlthe heart of Perceval b;y a letter expressing that such was his intention, while the Greys and Grenvilles retired to their tents sulky, but in hopes of better things hereafter. Lord Eldonwas greatly comforted, and relieved, it was said, ina "a very unexpected manner," andby a very unexpected Agent, if the prime mover of relief was Sheridan. Most people, however, supposed that the relief was only emporary, and that before the ;yearwas out the present Ministers would hasve their COnlgd. It should be observed that there were incoherent elements in the Cabinet itself, and each of these desired to strengthen iGs position by obtaining other associates. Lord Wellesley again wanted the assistance of Canning, TLord Camden sought that of his nephew Castlereagh, and the First Lord of the Treaury desired Lord Sidmouth. The M1arquis Wellesley aspired himself to be the head of a, Government, and was not indisposed to detach himself from PercevaL .Under thes circumnstances the C-reys and GrenvilIes appeared doubly formidable, ancd the continued derangement of the King might. he presumed to insure theia a certain prospect of office. Accordingy,theKing's condition is the firs subject of inquiries and repcorts, ad the well-informed anonymnous ountleman makes this communicationto Earl TempYe . " The news froml Windsor this nmorning i8, that the Kinlg has hada good night, and is quite calan. I ainwtold thatje was affected solely by one of those 'delusions' to which he is so subject. 'Your Lordship well knows tne n,afte of those 'deltsions ' suffice it that within these elght-and-forty hounrs he said to the Duke of Sussex, 'Isit zoa strange thing, Adoiphus, that they still refuse to let ma "o to IyPembroke (the o7d Countess)1 although every daeilOiOurs I am married to her; ant, what m worst of all iU, that infnnous scoundrel Halford (Sir Henry) was by at the mamage, and has now the effrontery to deny it to my face l' Again, on the 10th of klarch it is the very first topic of the correspondent's newsletter . ,"So late as Sturday anon, when I left town, the *'delusons' inI acern quarter continued unabated in their ttet and recurence, and either on Thutrsday or- bu iday the King e,aDn appealed on the old topic to the Ixe of Cambridg. still, h.owever. I find from the bulletin of Sauday a ontinuantion of f-veurabl-reporta -non that subject. How this is reconciled to common sense and common judgment I cannot conceive; and satisfied rinmthat, vrere any one class of His faiesiYs subjects aware of the simple fad that I here state to your Lordship, the question wouid be put at rest for ever. Surely, in the event of a re--suption, these dates and these facts wil be remembered and find their way to the public. - "-But what isnmest extraordinary-in all this is, that-there-' is every rea-on for beief that this forcing upon the publicthe belief in rapid and perfect recovery is not, in the pre-, sent onjuncture, the particular wish of inisters*; for, m fact, they are in a most awkwrard and unloked-foe dilemma, growin oat, as t1 conjecre, from thefollowing And after a statement of these the writer con- "Under thesa circuenst;nces, then-namely, the impatiare to zovea -"o, and the reiance to be expectedto rQurenXs coatra (whl2ich musty be more exerterd on the. eii<'1Cn of remva tG tow or Weyinouth, or wsherever he ~t-~crdred), iisters are in wofol ernbarsss3msnt and1, t4elmaby easy ax tey now are in th,eir places, I am stiaficd-tisy would bc perfectly reconjciled to as remoteald I more rdcal'r.eovery thani that wi6hl the' builetins an nounce."} . - Such are the circumstances of the. -,arlier part ef $1U--Miniateriai stock rising and falling by the barometrical measurement of Royal delusions, the hope's of ,!inisters and Opposition eaually depen.- ,dent on-the, clouded brain of the poor afilicted Kig. To the stock-jobbers Lord Grenvile was not indiapen6sable or even desirable, for'he was a:verrse to the- Peninsular war; aud, though that august 'body the Commo6n Counc:l of 'che city' of- Lou- 'don had petitaioned Parliament against, the grantV of a, pe,naion~ to the victor of ,Talavera, with ;severe' strctulres on a conunander; "who. had thus exhibited, -with equal rashness and ostentation nothing but a useless valour," it 'nay be doubted whether Lord Grenville's views were 'ever ,popular iwith the nation. 'He and all who shared them were at all events condemned to see the ssuccessful issue' of .the measures they deprecated, for Wellington, though at first inadequately backed and barely trusted,. ias still able to vinw Some time after the rest of his' army was- got into good training, Admiral Berkeley was writingto the MJarquis of Bcikingham to complain of. th-e "Tonfools of colonels," who have rendeed. 'the cavalry ineffective.' (VoL i. p. 93.)' This disnaraging commentarymay "have been just', but Lord Temple reflected the Grenvilleopinions in -a wider and more' objecEtonable sense when he also-wrote, as we infer,' in June, 1811 i" The toisi from Portugal is low. hiofhei- battle is e:;pected, with Soult, and the letters from head-quarters which I have seen, especially those from Lord Well]ingtoi's con1idential friends, ae fair from oheering. Badajozis statedas not likely to fall, and the universal opinion seems tio'be that the waste of British lives is more' than we can support, and hat'the -contest will -termiinate tnfavourably to us, because of the positive want of means to carry it on. We lost four stand of colours at Albuera ; and colours,"-canon, and prisoners are o enough to enable the irench to claim the sictory." - It was's fortunate for the couitry that the Grenvile party, 'ivho entertained these views, were not at this time enabled to direct its policy. 'On the' 19th of' June a baRl and banquet on 'an unusual scale were given at Carlton Pal-ace to several members of the RoyaI families of France and England, and to some 't:ree thousand of the nobility. The description of this fMte. which has been extracted from the G&tklmn's Magarzie, shows it to have abounded with incongraities and to have been characteristic of its Royal designer. A 'fishpond in the form of a stream, lled with gold and silver fiah, ran through the. dining table; a knight in the armour of the twelfth or thirteenth century waa - jostled by lackeys in the plash of the nineeenth, &c. We observe that" -behind the 'Prince's chair there was a graid' trophy 'of plate, ' the whole ornamented by. a Snanii3h urn taken from on board the Invicible Arnadsd This wa5, no doubt, the same piece which figured in a similar design, at a ban uet recently given to the Prince of 'Prussia and the Regent of Baden, and of which an account was given in TSe Times of June 13, 185G. The earlier feast 'had, however, this inconirigty, more remarkablethan any we have mentioned, that it was professedly held in compliment to a Sovereign who was ;it' that time' suffering one of the heaviest afflictions of human nature. The most melancholy'trait of his aberration at this period was his apparent consciousness of' his derangement, as evidenced by his selection of'nusic for theancientconcert. Asweknowfrom orner's Memoirs, he made up his programme of all the finest passages to be found in Hande4 descriptive of madness and blindness, and concluded with ' God Save. the King," 'as if toapply wha preceded. We learn from the secret correspondemt.iUn SePtember of this year that he also hias now become aware of the competition in the Ministry itself between Perceval and Lord Wellesley. The latter is thus seen bidding for the future lead, and the terms on which he may have coadjutora are thus estimated:- '"On a recent occasion, when the Prince was abou to givehisf6te on his birthday, the Ministers wrote-to his Royal ighnkess a round robin to express their desire to be allowed to wear his uniform upon that occasion. To 'this Iord Wellealey reused to bea a upar but asked the favoar of the Prince in personi who conceded it mota graciously,. and he now always sports the blue and huff. -I presume it must be that, as thePrrince is determined to make an Aaministration, of -which he is determined to be himielf the framer, and to carry on the war in SpaiLr' oa principles known to be adverse to those of Lords 0zenville and Grey, snd as Perceva vwll not go Sc the lengths which, according zi Lord Wellesley, arnecessay' to carry on the warwith effect; and that 14ord Welles7ev,on whom everythingturns, will not serve sany longer with Perceval; therefore he, Lord Wellesley, villbe the only Derson eligible to that high situation. Hlow he is to male up his Government is another affair; but it is said, vith great exultation, that the Pzince has gained over the great houses of Norfolk, Percy, and Cavendish-that these Mreat dukes wIl not act with Perceval, but have no oblecHon to do so-with Lord Wellesley. There is also, I apprehend, some hope of Lord Eolland, who, beside that ia will not act hostilely against the Prince, for old conne.xion's sake, will be temp~ted by high situation abroad USpai, for e xample, which iS greatly his ohJLet;and, which ae is corsatly urged to accept lby Lady Soon after this the Regent sprained his foot in trying to teach the Princess Charlotte the Highland fln. He is so much hurt that he lies in bed for days, and "' ill sign nothing, aAd converse with no one on business (I speak up to yesterday)," says Mr. W. H. Freanautle, writing to the iMrquis of Buckinglam- The theory of the former is, that he is " so worried and perplex;ed by the prospect before hiim, and by the necessity which nowti arises of his taking a defin3itive step"-maki'ng, that is, his ow chloice be tween Miniterial comuetitors-that he is incapable of doing anything, and, to shun the necessity, continuesinbed. InfDecember the secret correspondent accordingly comunicates that Lord Wellesey's friends are no longer-so confident of his accession to the Premiership. Though he. and the Priice continue to hold close personal intercourse, nevertheless, if the Prince is spoken of, insincerity and want of steadiness of character are' hinted at. The Princ's own languagge witi respect to Perceial and his Irish politics have undergone. a remarkable change. He considers the Catholics as personally hostile to him, as distrustful of his intentions, and therefore as placing impediments in. the way'of any change which would dis-tinctly favouir their objects. "This refers,"' says the writer, .' to a- continuance of the present people, and affords himn (the Regent) a plausible pretence for leaving thin'gs as they. are, 'Which strikes me to be the part the most consonant to his love of ease and, r: apprehend, personal timidity of character." At all events, as to the Marquis of Buckingham's friends-'meaning the Grey and Grenvilte connexion-there is no chance for them. The Prince his used thefa ill, and they have shown that. they are sensible of it. Thus, to use the writer's phrase, there is. a " compouid racture" which 'no'concession or recommendation couldno;W' set, though asyet they-are not maade publicly,aware of it.' - Atthe commencement 6f 1812 the Regent was still: more. effectually propitiated - towards the -existing inisters 'by'tie promise of an increased allowance. iBut' aanthe balance vibrates in consequenaceofPer-~ cea's hesitation on this -very question~. The secret cor.respondent narbrates a good story in illustration. of this state of affairs. '- "Another curious proof of the' light in -which Perceval is held by the Prince occurs in the conversation which passed rspe,cting' (the Bishopric of) Oxford. When the latter mentioned his tention of giving it to William Jackson, >f. Perceval immeditely said,-'. "'On that point, Sir, I am positively pledged.' "'Positively pledged, M3. Percedvale- said the Prince,' 'posUvely pledged to give away 'one of my bishoprics? I &on!t understand you.' ' - '" '' '- On which the other replied, 'I mean, that it was shn~~e Yositie and declared inltention to give it to "'?sfr2.ierceval,' said the Pxince,:sif I had any direct inti-' mation of whEat wrere reall theliing's vishes ulpon the sub-' iecm i would ot only make ean Leggentis u 1orhbihd note t it were sop of' Oxford, kobhp o strury,i twr in mypowerj but as this inot the case,Ishalmake,my o'm n Bhop; and, furthr, I'de3ire nevermiore tohear what'were the King's wishal uponl such suhiccts'tksough a thid person.'- "lnpretty sre the abvove are the woards of this 3ovel colloquy betweenL P.nce and Minieter'ver~asnim.1, as I heard, them fr*om, I -ill venuare to .say, indisputable aulthority."~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~~ith- . On the subject of the Royal income, the liar_quis Wellesley and PercevaL had rival proposals to sustain, "to recommend themselves," says the editor, "at.the expense of the nation." The "cor-- respondeni' describes the pieference'of. the Regent for the plans of Lord Wellasley, apd. the embar-assmentof Pereva, who, "lieeling conscious of wanting; support in the highest quarter, lost all that overbeamiso f;eriemeass which he would othervit4. hiive given-cope to." Nevertheless, the event-was fated to disappoint the writer'saaiticipations. The Welles-- ley. preference had set in with too 'strong a tide to belasting.' -: Though Wellesley .regarded himselfae essential in the then aspect of European? U'aV-, he was shortly to find how vainly he hd uzged his pretensueras upon his Rvoyal-friend,- ancd ho utterly unreliablawere the Royal sympathy and comknena. dations In the meantime a prior peridy-had to be Binally consmmated, .forthe Dauke of York was com-' missioned by the Regent to inform Lords' Grey and Grenville that, although -"a- new era bas- -nowt arrived," and though by the apparent hopelkesness of the King's tecovery the restrictions on the Regent's ehoice are now w ithdrawn, nevertheless, he has " no predilections to indulge", £and "no resentmerits togratify." - "Whereby,"isays Sir Samuel iomilly rith some acidity1 he ".will be.uniderst4cd: to mean .that .there. are..no injurieshe wMi not forgive, and no services that he will not forget. A declaration Ibetter calculated to esirange .:ims froTn all his friends, if he ~hcs any :ssmaining, and -to invite. tle m:OSt violent pversonal o pposition io his Government (since everything- at a c~onvenient timne may be forgiven), could hardly ha-ve been in-vented.". Lords- Grey and Grenvilie - were naturally disgusted, and especially at the selection of the Duke of,York to :givQ.them the coupde grace. We. have also this intimation from Lord Bulkeley of the-state offeeling at Brookes's ¶'TheOpp6sition are nob at,all cast downi Iseo them al at Brookeses, in very hig Spirits, tilknLg at Lord Y-,ansi wondering whothe r- or vile s-can be .who hls poisoned'the Psixce liegent's mid against his old friends, andl this as loud as a trumpet. X-sqiuare -has, in1 fact, done the whole thing, and some sayf a Little, of Windsor intermixed." - - : -Thus,. we have indications that- the violent personal opposition!' of which Romillyqpoke was not in-meedof any artificial stimulants. ,The mode -in which Lord Wellealey, also, was, shuffled oit of his prospects is highly characteristic, though the details are too -long to be extracted in full. Bhe very- morning-of his coigg the Prinee told. Lord- Mfoira that-" let. iPerceval - and his 3nyrmidonls do what -they would, no- eartnly consideration should induce him to part with Wellesley, whom.he could not go on without." - The Pince knewsi rom Wellesleyhimself that he could-only be - retained by discarding Pereeval, and yet.on the same day he sends Wellesley a n6te- telling him - that: " the difilculties, which- Lords- Grenville-and Grey's conduct had thrown upon him had induced him to continue Pereeval as his Minister. - Lord Welleley imediately wrote for permission to wait:' upon him -hat night with the seals of his office, and about91) o'clock went-to Carlton-house. The sequel, as state; at lengthi bvthe secret correspondent, is indeed wvorthy of attention for its striking exhibitions of character, he - e ad "As soon as he (Lord Wellesley) sav-Mi'Mahon, he saidi - 'Colonel WM'ahon, I have every reason to, think you an honourable man, but asliable to be de`eived as myself or any other lerson. Were you aware of the contents of this noee (showing him the recent communicatibn) at the time I saw you this day, when you eversthing but assured, me that I5v,^ tobe the Prince'sinister ' -- I "PI.Wahon immnediately turned pale and red, and, in an agitation not to 1ue describe, assured Lord Wellesley that he was not only ignorant of the contents of it,- but;to that moment, of the change in the Pzince'suiind-adding, 'andI hope, my Lord, you will not, after what has passed, leave -thls house a Minister.' "The Prince received Lord Wellesleyv with extremeaitation, -which was not lessened when-Lord Wellesley announced his having biought the seals, and-that he would not serveunder Perceval eight-and-forty-hours The Prince graed at this expression, and said; " I entreat ofyou, then, r dear Wellesley, as a personal favour toinyself. that you Will not resign for two or three daya logeSr The Chancellor shall call upon -you to-imorfow, and satisfy you that this arrangementwith Petceval is merely temnporay, -and that I am entirely my own master, and untrammielled- with, respect to my choice of a Government.' - - - - - nLord Wellesley ten returned home, and his frienas 'were reassured in some degree yw4hat had passed of his -being yet the Prince's hlinister.. : - - ' "0 Sunday (16th) the Chancellor saw Lorad Wellesley at-Apsley-house, about 2 in the afternoon, when, upon; Iord WIellesley beginning the discourse by saying that he uniderstood the Prince's continuance of Perceval wasierely temporary,Lord Eldonsaid, 'Thereamust be ,souestrange m risapprehen sion in this busineiss; - I tan assure your Lord sh,ip from the Prince himself, that he (Perc.val) is the g Ece's perman!ent Mfinis-ter, and itis upon thwis basis that I ame to confer wit'h you !' Lord Wellealey-continuing steadyin his determnination, -the interviewv was of short conthiu- "As the Chancellor was ab'out to leave LordWellesley-aid, ' My Lord, I must express to you my great satisfaction at Mr. Perceval's choosing that you, and nothiimself, should be the channel of this negotiation. I beg of you, when you Eee him, to tell him, from me, that his recentconduct towards mehasbeen unmannlerly, disrespectful, and tontraryto the tenourofbis ownj>rofessions to ne; and such as beenmy sense of his behaviour that, had he come into my pre-' sence while still a member of Governmeant, I could, notanswer for the consequences; but so soon-as l am no longerin office, so much obliiged shallI feel myself for his hasing been the cause of removing me froma the degrading-situation of servingunder him, that all esentment towards him sha11 entirely cease.' . ' I" On Tuesday the Anhalt mail brought lorda-Welesey favourable news from Sweden, and in the evening, about S o'clock, he was writing to apprise the Pfince thereof, when he -eceived a letterfrorm the Chancellor, enclosing one from the Prince, agreeing to accept the Foresgn seals at 1 o'clock the next day at Carlton-house. At a later hour in the evening T.- Tyrwhitt came from the Prince to Lord Wel. lesley with an infinit of fair words, - aud 3olding out Irelnud. W 'What,'- said Lod Wellesley, I with Perceva in the: freist- N~o, no,' and rejected it with d'isdaisi. Accordingly, on Wednesday (19th), at1 .m., Lord Wellesley proceeded to Cirlton-house in the highest style, state liveries, and- fitldress, and delivered up the said seals to the Prince, which were delivered to my Li-ierpool, who was summoned to receive them, and who came for that purpose in Msis hoots. "On this occasion tbe Prince was, or appeared to he, deeply affected, and almost unable to speuk. He deploredthe necessity of the separation, still hoped it would be but forzs time, and said he would 'bear public and private tesimony upon every occasion to the 'ability, zeal, &c., of the Miarquis, and to his personal kindness towards him (the Prince). To all this Lord Welleslcy, after expressing himself in general terms, said that, presuming upon his late responsible situation, the great favour shown him upon all occasions by the Prince, and his inherent rights as a CounciUor of the Crown, he once more conjured the Bgnt not to make a Government upon the princiole of excludina the Catholics-from their just rights, -wh:h:would virtully be hte case if he continued Perceval; that he could still try to bring about an union- between his early friends and such of the present peoule as-were obsthnate upon that poinrt 'by getting-Iord Moira to interfere, with whom, for many reasons, lords Grenville and Grey would be di.s-ed to' treat and:that, if even he would name ord Mosra the head of his Government, if it were only withreferencetothesubsect of Ireland alone, it might yet save the country; adding iearly these Ithink) memoIrawleords.:-' This wretched set of people, Sir, who refuse to listen to- the clainis, the wishes -'or even to the prejudices of such a portion of your subjects as the TsCatholics, oight as statesmen- to -be' driven into the ranks of privatelife, and,as men governed byselfish motives alone, should be hooted out of society.' I "What effect these 'l ast words' have had your Lordship is already aware of. Upon various occasions since the P.ince has spoken of Lord Wellesley in Ihis usual strain, and has'annonuced to Culling Sraith his intention of placing him at the head of some of the Public Boards, or at some of Sthem-I forget which." - -- - - - -After thi we have the -acce<ssion to office of ICastlereKgh and Sidmlouth, the mnurder of Perceval, I -ith the exultation thereat of the Nottingohamn mob5 and the curious disoussions ina the Cabiet as to wahethei- they can continue to caTy: on the government now Perceval is dead, while Grey and Grenville and WellesleyandCiC ning are outside. Eldonis almost the only person who- thinks -they can, and accordingly a series of negotiations t6okplace,-lirst for x Governraent with Lord Liverpool at its head, to include Canning and Lord Wellesley; then for-a Government under Lord Wellesley, who iakes overtursto Grey - md Grenville; then for a Govera-mnt under Lord Moira,-ell of which, cerme to. nothing, except a second and flnal resort to Lord Liverpool, who takes the responsibility- with the chances of tae board. The question is discussed ax to whether the offer to. Grey and Grenville was made b,enfide, and whether they were justified in refusina on the accompanying -conditions; but it is, contended that the chiefs of the.Opposition, were -ivited to an insecure position, and that they fairly declined proposals which comprised no guarantees, In one respect they again received treatment from ;Sheridan which his biographer considers - " the onily-indefensible part of his whole public rife." When Lord Yarmouth empowered -him to: . communicate to Lords GrenviLle and Grey the inten- tion of the Household to resign, whe-eby their acceptance of office would have-been facIhit6ted, he ;said and did all he could to prevet this renignaiion, sunpressed the message, and, when asked by Tirney whether such a step was inceosteluplation; offered to -bet :500 guineas that such an idea had nlever been entertained. Sueh concluct -was, indeed, a sigal discredit to him, for it -was not only the consum- mation of his revenge, but more than an equivalent for the neglect he had- ericountered, and this wes obtained by an obvious prevarication.s -- - - - In tfhe explanations which followed tne formation of-Lord Liverpool's Government this -conductwas canvassed, and theie was some controversy also d-- tiveeni Lord Liverpool and Lord Wellesley-respecting the readiness of the former to co-operate -with the latter. A-littie laterwehave the "corresnoudeht'i" acousnt of-the negotiations for co-operation between Caslereagh and Canning2 and of the impossibilityat thisItiae of accommodating their rival pretensions: to the leadership of the Rouse of Commons. -Lord Wellesley himself is left in an ambiguous po3itioa, nidlhesitatez eddly between Government and Opposition. The Dike of Wellington, as we now learn, endeavoured to give him a decisive inipilsee in the former dretion, but without any great- influence. - The following circmstances are men- tioned by arl Temple to the iIarquis of Bucking-- haw'- and refer to -the doubtful leanings of Lord -* ilf'77jiY d eXCo3.t of £ng1and.dlrin txRgeg, 181-2O. Framg er Prarnl?lyDocumcnts. By theDuke of Bnckinhn uad Chardos YG. 2 voL- lkt and EM&C*krt, l4Ondom. 18ZO. i7 M6 Mo y 10, IF. "Wellesley at this- date, and to the pressure w-hich was then atteiipted to be puturon him.' - I " Henry Wellesley. Sydenham, Shawe, and Cslling SMith constitute the Grenville patty in his little Senate. *Wellesley Pole and Iord W.ellington are anxions for him to coalesce with thepresent men. The lltter has been indzco*d, evidently by Castlereagh and Liverpool, to-write to Lord Wellesley the strongest and & vety snr let'er ; pon this sabject, to which Wellesley said'he, hbd wtten as strong and as angry & r6Ply, Vernmptorilyrefusing t-o bave anything to ao with the prese nister" - - In the inseantime the cduntry 'was 'more;:ectApiza' 7ith Court, semdalns thanb-witr 3Iinisteriml crises'. The-Prricess of Wales wassiot emjdoying hez ie,isnlre at her separate reasideice at Blackheath in a way,to conciliate her enemines or edify he,r fiiends,- while the N'arch;.onesa of He.tfor4-was genirrily presmed to' be too intim,ate, withi the Price' Xtegent. Tlie; present eitor cofines their intiacy the natural preference of a man of tatei for'the society -of an accomplished woman, mad 'contends that there was nothing more crniminal between thenis than a sm' hfAym Ipolitical objects. ,'But the&OpiPosition en-. aeavouareatto fdarkeut ths peasaut conisexion, t 'nd'denounced, in the words of Loid Grek.1the "pestilent influence" -beside the throne. Ourar deessors had a way of speaiang out on such topics, as this phrase evenof thepunct,iiopsGreyian evidence. Greinville, writing at thia timne (Nob. 25, 1812) to the M3quis of Bucingham, deda(res that he bas inclination o' strike -work> and " nothing re,strains mne but thffe fresolution- that, as far as in me Iiens, there shall be -no breakl-up of a party sucs ,as Tfie coun, re{quires t+o control such-a Court." 'i -' ~ ~ (T 'e -oinE d. -
37COGRIA (LONDON ).ODES.. *TO TEHE -DT O E ,IL ED°OO TUE TIMES.E Sir,-I.observe in you r . icationi of this morning a letter signed ' ALI aster er " -wlicl, it allowed- to pass unoticed, is calc;Rted to convey an erroneous impressmon to the ahreholders, to affect our. growing prospeIty,and prejudice us in tho estimation of the public. -The facs of the matter are asfolows :-iFom annunforeseen cause, which cannot again occur, one of the cstings at the heel-post of one of the inner gates broke, and It beiame necessary to razse the gate to put it iight. INo time -has been lostir doing so, andI exp;ec the gate will be reped to-inorrow. - The asertion that the absence of the gate bas camse&a delay of-I2 hours, or, indeed, any delay, in -the tranmision of theships -from ihe ziver to the basir, one Tomen'fsse-. flection willsatisfy " AMaster arine is simplz nntrae, n*sncbiichelsy has take n pliee, -~ *I can assure your correspbondent that I apDreCinte the. vievvs e4prese in the ast Pargr of hse te as to the '! high estem in wh'ch these doCks are held, -nd -the 8bipower and merchant masy rely npon-our continneti attention to their interostn. B. CAPPER, Ialg,mger t Wx'w4 WJl~Lof) JJockmou5e, X~, iteoc ae, x,~ 7, RIVZRPE, I~a~.-Il Iet~r:*on .a cre- z w fith araaah hecnorrQ-enaered Ahe miewref-tb scure,
- THE Sbt:OE NUISD g.-.Mr. Bsiweng, 'of .imlico, states, in refereace to the report, which appeared in 27ie.hemzs of the 2th insL, of the proceedings against liim - in he- Court of Westminhser, unon a summons in thfe matter of the smoke nuisUne, tht it wax not onthe 30th nlt. that 3&. Sandezaon "Me to ins.Pct thefhtnace, but.t on the 30th of June (seven weelsm zgo)Y, and ite fact wathat on the day whenheappeared inL court his furnaces wereset ,p 'ith apparatus and contrivance- so as to comsumotheir snoke, ana oonld bve bee-c en at work if Jfr.. Sanderson would hve ispttem ereavpplyng o the summons; and sscondly, that it serroned ystated by th reporterthat it was asserted thanowelden's patent apparatus had not answered. It was admitted there was at i}rt some defect inthe construction of-the apparatu, which interfered with its working, bot now, -Allthediffcultieg. bei'g overcome, it answered Terywe11,;.a,d,bWdtes.consm--- ing the smoke, ordiLay coas, even1smsal, could be usedwith-. an economy of from 20 to 25 per ceet. compared-with the ordinary furnace. ifs. Bauoens states that, althoug lie approves the object of the new act for ab_ting the smoko nuisance. he complains that no inst-ructions aregi-ven to the public as to thebst methodforabating thesmoke nuisance, every one -being left to discover aremedy, at considerable expense in each case. Ee suggests that a- meeting of the manufacturers interested in the questionshould be held, and a committee of practical men be ap pointed, to collect and report pon the different trials alradymade, so ihat persons interested may ascertain rhat orocessis-the best for a specialwork or class of furnace, andbe thus enabled to save great expense andloseof ime in conplying with the requirements of the act of Psrliament. -A terrible catastrophe hsa3 just occurTed on the Bavarian Railway. A train which was conveyin- a hattlion of Anstria troops, to the number of 1,260 men, ,who were to -relieve the garrison of Mayence, ran off the rails ner LAufach; six men were killed onuthe spot, atd about 30 soldiers and officers were severely injured. [Advertisement]-A' the seaside, at home, and travelliag,wlFhethce byrail or boatt.be plee of life wlt be enberced by 5omegang a copy or Mm Gore&s "Sketches of Unglish Cbamdtrdectded1b tbe beet wrot of thin dnting-wrisen Thr Sic . E2 uIr ZD*&bl wU b -Wonderful Deople -b Horace Mayherk lnofeely eTe7ag ustratedby thabest cozmic Artists, must roe attr1Ctir&, Price. 'rdGo Grinst fromib,"' ilustnted by leach, puce IL. izeretewithrun anawiL Wardand .im t15.leet-street. Royal Academy-Proposals for its RewD.-The'-Journgl for September. vrXe, 3L 61 contaiza two F.egavings from Tistases n tire P,o-AtClletos- c. Catherine," G. Guido, And " Constautinople afterJ. Jabeb, with a E aing ftrom the Statue of the ."late Earlof o elfast I The literary ooeAentaelwke-The Coyai Academy; Proioenk,for jig. IReforn-" Granite." by It. ISunt F.X&-E tsi Ast, 3fo.- J PheatdA ew 'Words on Exiiin,kn-h ~S 3e NatliLGal G:P -Hera1d ,Tbs ym V tb sX Palace, ilusated-The X of the A mW . A tebSt.ew. mL. Cut,lnttdvrrsro5cf - &c. Virte and Co., 25, Paternoste-row. [Adverti se inent} .'IMrs. T rnl ' INT W ismrO a-W 1T.};Trollope's b'erdcdar noqv 'with muchnataraleaae anda uxtr. She I.j~ fo_te_ew thatle poser of 'wa&. tgie i3iandshadesofferaleo in delineatg. Mow Itis tha the heiress in hli i herfortime, adthat -culars of the young laseseieneoSehionah.elifeiteap;al 'os]Eaglaudaud anewelseneloin edmodeorfe *then)abeffe. Tietlen fM, XolOei oa,nosmte agreeable manner nhshaeacnnltsitrtrontesoyI Ier berolncYlt-ThePrs. urtadBaet,pbihr Ge ;.jAieret-isemlent." Bnl Bts" 1. 1V. Bmc,os oe etprisin51 oIag to R-Hace-fbllity-!Thuth The Times-neheue-Personal-sesult &c. This new wok on ,B.zjlAsrby RaIxi Waldo Emero mor,ynaguemet with the author, tiuned at Isui. tbeoseofaisame an uulmms.tcirenlatico. Xoesso. is already wek 1mno to the reading public of nuglamd; aod Shie werknpou the mannem custmrs^ d peuliarities ot the cuw_ M reCeie oDedial welcoe. oundon, Gorge Rotee and Co., pr.: 2 [advertisement.)-" Bentley's Misoelfany, price 2s. Cd. C- uteuta forSeptwembenrn2 e37 :-AlGouthin the V nrea. aftfr tha S'nlc Seasope. yaCavalry Offne-Madame Vestris-mhe Joint-, bho&Danker,a. Tale of the Day, by Dudle_ ostjllo; d:a,, xii, xrin, and Rd's" It Ai never too laiC to Mend-Tb - ir udthrilt byW. Harbdes on^ inswcth. aq.-A l'5 -S iarweli -The Euptiratee ValleyRailway and inlo - r iy ,eloa.. - Slht atlast-A ei uam eD d 3dof e eiers, w e lten, I int - Soothry. EsriStn ohn J ! hnroker, byXhont CM . lon, IAdvertlaeiu,ent.}-" HarryOgilvie; or, The c z- gon9 by James Grat, author of " The- Rmance Dr War," &a, mng huour of the author of" CaarlMO',Mslley' fr. Grant combnes, anda intereetin b or.;iah lends ftre - ao~fn~ theU=Steraty IAeMuT! oae.w or his her Mr. ranthas ilfllyintrwo'ven many a dark tale of Ssottikk Slstsv; he wole cminA work which, for interest, exeituri animted ttie andmpi and, powerftl deseeptiosi we nave nevr sen usyine.""(a~Ogiries ad alt Mr. Ittant's Othec ~~~~~~~T I o Sunday, Aug. 31, eaild silhJ.Tuw~;he Dinner to.' the GOhSfr..clno.Pkingat 'W leboe weel eub'.e-letier W Publelsra"tars ndEregli aril 4 aulic- TLe DMat UUMMM v~~ith snaneseonita lit0 h saVef tG a.~ o'lve os SadiiiEnin ntsm fen!th
ME, BRADFoRD MugCAL ESTI7AL. (F'ROM OTR AWYN RpPORT ml BRADFORD, AUG. 28. 7im,meqution, of Iti, Cesta's EL was , on the whole 4Yver bettzr than that of EVba& ora the precedfng day. The 2CM(was that the Yel?.CIPA V& I D=ts, intkead of being tlivided as in the lp-A-nzmed tnmposition, were sustained by the carO Uinge4r-3to 41o da ; and thus a far greater equality of effect was auaiIe&. The choruses could not have gone better Shan i- IlendelsoImW's oratorio, but the solos ..Xedly did. bhis was the more important, since it is in tL2 beaduy nanny of the recitatives and airs that the chief spent Gf Rti consists. Very few can write more natura-y er meonidlfully for voices than Mr. Coata, whose method ef scoring for the orchestra, moreover, 'is so clear and well calculated that his instruments always support and enrich the melodious'phrasas, never clogging, obseurlng, or overpowering, them. It is superflnous, however, to emten fauther into the characteristics of a rork which haa already been more than once considered at length, and in reference to which, generally, we find no reason to modify the opinions derived from the first and second performances. Enough, that tiose pieces which were admired at the outset grow in the estimation of judges, rather than ISe by increased familiarity; while what was advanced in a more critical spirit is strengthened and confirmed, That the Bradford audience were highly pleased with Eli was evident from the manner in which the oratorio was received. The perfection of the execution, indeed, 'ould have charmed a more exacting tribunal, and have aided a composition even less meritorious than that of Mr. Costa in passing muster triumphantly. Madame VilrdotVs conception of the musie allotted to the boy-prophet, Samuel, is as pure and unobtrusive as her singing in the Morning and Evening Prayers (two of the most beautiful of the vocal solos) is faultless. Madame Novellods lovely voice is heard to signal advantags in the two airs, " Tun unto me," and "I will extol thee,' in which the barren and disconsolate, the fruitful and ex* tltiag Hannah are so well contrasted by the composer, and which, though in such opposite styles, the popular Englisl so-rano renders with equal effect. Mr. Sims Reeves is as much at home in the smooth and tranquil melody given to the devout Elkanah as in the, fierco and boisterous defiance of the Philistine warrior Saph, embodied in mnusic which, if not precisely the best, is 3mong the most theatrically striking in the oratorio. Herr Formes is all that could be desired for the prophet, Eli. The music is so precisely suited to his noble voice, his measured style of singing and declamation, that we may presume Mr. Costa wrote it expressly for him. At the same time this, in some degree (apart from the view which the composer may have t4iken of his chief personagge),would help to explain the unvarying slowness and solemnity by which the airs and redtatives of E3i are distinguished, and which has laid them open to the general charge of monotony. To resume, we believe that Mr. Costa might have searched Earope in vain for more admirable representatives of his four most prominent charactes than Mresdiames Novello and Viardot, Mr. Sims Reeves and Herr Formnes-who, on the present occasion, as was hinted yesterday, fairly surpassed them. selves, singing their very best, at once charming the publc and satisfying the composer. As the Man of God, too, a zmnll but very significant part, Mr. Weiss was entitled to praise for hisuniformly correct and careful singing; while Mr. Montem Smith did his best for the two concerted pieces rhich call the voice of the second tenor into requiEition. A verdict of unqualified approval might with strict justice be passed upon the execution of the choruses; but some of these were sung to such a degree of perfection that we must instance them by name. First, there was the thanksgiving, "Blessed be the Lord" (which follows the chant of Eli and the people), where the fugue on the word "Amen' was given with wonderful precision; then the CiUsle of the people, "How mighty is Thy name , then the " Hosanna" at the end of Part L (with fugue No. 2, -vhich, although the notes are not exactly the same, always conjures up tho first bars of' Handel's "IRejoice greatly"), just as vigorous, clear, and pointed as the first; then " Hold not Thy peace, and bs not stirll 0 God 1" which includes the fugue in G. minor, with florid accompaniments (" 0 God made thena like a wheel"), the ablest and most energetic movement of this kind in the whole work, sinning only through diffaseness; then the choral march, " God ! and King of Jacob's nation"' (which, " effective" as itmay be styled in conventional Language, always appears de trop, the interest of the martial theme having been exhausted by the very long instrumental movement in another key v'hen it is first presented); and, last not least, the condluding chorus, " Blessed be the Lord God of Israel," with t-he fugue on "H allelujah," the most unlike a genuine fugue, by the way, of the four fugal pieces to be found in Bli. All these, as we have suggested, were splendid examples of choral singing. Of the excellence of the abnd, the encores, the reception of the work, and its composer, we have spoken. Such a performance merited a fuller attendance. It could hardly have found an audience better disposed to appreciate. To-day we have not only drenching rain, but worse. The town of Bradford is enveloped in a dense vapour, and the adjacent hills look like dim shadows through the mist. Anything more dreary and comfortless than the aspect of this smok-y emporium of trade just now it is hard to imagine. There are plenty of conveyances, butyoumust wadethrough mud and bravethe unkindly elements to get at them; and, as theystand within ashortdistance of the Music-hall,it is just as well to walk and save the quadruple fare to which the drivers consider themselves entitled in Festival week. But the inhabitants of Bradford seem to care as little about a thorough wetting as seals, otters, and Polar bears. There is no keeping them within doors. They must, indeed enter-fain a singular reverence for the aristocracy, gentry, and commercial magnates of the town and neighbourhood, since, unless they were amphibious, and water the element of their preference, they would scarcely be induced to undergo the process of an indefinitely protracted showerbath, with their clothes on, merely for the sake of getting a peep or two at those notable personages as they rode comfortably by in ocarriages on their way to St. George's-hall. But this is the "triennial' festival, and they who cannot afford to hear the performances seem, if possible, to be rather more excited than their lucder fellor-townsmen. Besides, now andthen theY hear some of the louder passages in the chorusesrather indefinitely it is true, buLt still plainly enough to content such amateurs among them as are not disposed to be analytical, and have no objection to listen to music under difficulties. The anticipations about The iessiath have been partly but noe entirely realized. The attendance this morning Eeemed much fuller than on the opening day, the greatest number of vacant seats being remarkable among the 1os. and 10s. places-n result which justifies what was said yesterday about the extreme ill judgmentdisplayedbythe committee in their tariff of adm.ission prices. The 7s. places were very nearly filled, and those at 3s. 6d. crotde,l-two other facts worth noting. When at a grand music meeting Thze Mefsful fails to attract an overflowing audience, " wind and weather" being taken into account, it maybe fairly concluded that some grave error of management is at the bottom-nlnd,a gravererrorthanth.at of keeping out the middle classes from the hall which they are the chief means of sapporting from one end of the year to the other (since the population of the facto-ies is admitted to ordinary musicel per'ormoances at a very moderate charge) could hardly Ihave been committed. If experience teaches wisdom, however, the lesson of 1836;will not be lost on the directors of future festvals. The performance of Handel's in. mortil masterpiece went even beyond anticipation. It was indeed first-rate. The choruses were executed in a maner that renders criticism superfluous, since there was nothing to criticise, but everything to praise. It is unnecessary even to specify any of them, since aU the comparatively less important were just as well rendered as the three most unparalleled in popularity-viz., "For wuto us a child is born," "Hallelujah," (during the performance of which the whole audience, as usual, were on their feet,) and "Worthy is the Lamb! Amen"'-perhaps the grandest and most stupendous of them all, if any choice may be permitted among things of suchuniform sublimity. The solovocalLts vere MWadame Clara Nfovella, MIadame Viardot Garcia, Mdisses Sherriagton and F. Hunddart, Mr. Simns Reeves, MJr. Weiss, end Hierr Formes, the tro last named-gentlemen sharing between them the mutsic for the bass voice. We are not called upon to describe as length the performances of thefour principal sAingers, who aTT took the utmost pains, most deservedly) admired were " Comfort ye my people" and the fine airS3of 'he Passion-mUsic (ntat II.), which Mr Reeves never sang with greater effect; "He was despised,' dlIivered with touching pathos by Madame Viardot "-The people that N7ckeA'in darkness," sad "The trlunpet shall soEnd," both given by Herr Formes with his acustemed declamatory power; - I know that m Red-eemer liveth," which .Madae& No-vella san with genuine expression- and " Why do the nations sO firiously rage together l' w1ich obtained great applause fot Mr. eisEs, who was diEcreet cnsrh, however, to resist the attempt to encore him. l1ss Sherrington (who so favourably distinguished herself on Twetday In ELija7i) againnade a very favourable impression in the graceful and flowing air, "But thou didst '.ot leave his soal in bell " sand Miss F. Hsddart showed hereelf a not: unnonthy companion to Madame Novello in " He shall feed hi flock." AlIthoaut,s (happily) thero were no enoresT (which has enabled us to write this brief notice of the performance), thlre was .An immense deal of applause, especialy t the choruses, =Ie most of all to the three great ones we have mentioned by nanse. xr. Costz, on entering tha orhestra, was 'welomed by loud and long-contind.% plaudits. The numbers present v;ere, we 1eaxri,2, I '00Things are eooenng up-and, wvonderful1 to relae0, the sun has dispoersed the ck!ds, an.d giveS prom,iS,e pf .. ifavs'Uik ghange is th3 weat£cf'.i
MILITA3Y AND NAVAL I,TE RL LIGNE. Orders were I .~hcl~ 4iad inWoolwich garriron on Wednesday Ior e :emedlate formation of a field battery detachment, ,nIch is to consist of onie Adjutant (Captain Bruce), one Quartormaster and Commissary of Stores (Mr. Henley, 12th Battalion), one Sergeant-Major, one Quartermaster-Ser.geat, and the artificers of the regiment. het transport ship Ntewr Pelton arrived yesterd5-y at Woolumi, irom the East with 500 tons of'vietualusig stores and 2,0OO 10-inch shot. The sailing.tranaporta OhanCesar,d I Intrepid have alao arrived ith Ordnance and right stores, nd aro ordered to be paid of£ - Notice has been given in the carriage department of Woolwich Arsenal for the dZsn&s3al of 130 artificers on the Ist of September. a t aro The Admiral Moorsom ailing transport, anl the Xarrow arrived at Portsmouth on Wednesday from the Czimea with stores.. Tho Vulcan stem troopship, Comnmnrder Furneaux, arrived at Spithead yesterday from the .Crimea with stores. The Hecate steamaloop, Commander Gordon,. sailed from Portsmouth yesterday for the coast of Africa. The Algiers, 91, Captain Coarington, C.B., went into" Portsmouth Harbour yesterday, and the Simoom, 18, CaptainuSulivan, went into harbour to be paid off; Second-Lieutenant W. Stirling and Second-Lieutenant W. N. G. Johnson have been ordered to proceed from Chatham to Portsmouth, to embark on board the Algiers. The Cyclops, 6, Master-Commander John F. Rees, arrived at Sheerness on the 27th from the Mediterranean, last from Portsmouth. The Royal George, 102, Captain Robert S. Robinson, was ktaen into the basin at Sheerness yesterday to. be dismasted. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- - Commander Joseph Rundle, to he Brunswick; C. P. Boyer, mate, to the F u;B. .IL Seymour, midshipman, to the Calcutta; W. M. Moger, midshipman, to tWe Brans,ick. Ninety-one non-commissioned officers anda men left St. Mays invalid dep6t. Chatham. Yesterday. having been discharged from the ser7ice owing to wounds ecei'ved im tho Crimea. Each man before leaving recelved his arrear of pay; and the expense of his journey hoe wilA be defrayed by the War-office. A number of the Medical Staff Corps tooc charge of those blind and- helpless men who required assistance.
I " ONE WHO HAS WHISTLED AT THE PLOUGH." TO THE EDITOR OF TIHE TIES. Sir,-Those who were engaged in tho agitation for the repeal of the corn laws must remember the able letters which appeared at the time, signed "1 One who has Whistled at the Plough." The writer of these is now, with his family, in the greatest pecuniary distress; and I hope you will allow me, through your journal, to make an appeal on his behalf,. in the hopes that some out of the many who have benefitted bythe ropeda of the corn laws may be induced to aid -one -who so ably advocated the cause. I remain Sir. vnnr nltv;int c WLNAIRDl. Rcssei Priory, Aug. 23.
SL AUGHTER-Ho SES. TO THE EDITOR OF THIE TIMES. Sir,-A s so many owners of slaughter-houses seem to be entirely ignorant of the sanitary conditions under which their establishments ought to be licensed, I have deemed it advisable to forward to The limrs the following report of a committee of the Metropolitan Association of Medical Officers of Health, which was ordeszed to be printed and'circulated among the members. - I am, Sir, Your obedient servant. C. J. B. ALDIS M.D. t, 'sn=wr-'PterA:, 'sn1esrr-FqUare, &Ug. n5. "The committee appointed by the association t-o inquire into the laws relating to slaughter-houces, the duties of mnedical officers under those laws, and thle sanitary cotiditions under which slaughter-houses ought to be licensed;report, that, in accordance with the provisions of 'The Me. tropolitan Market Act, 1851,' the new Metropolit-an MaAcet was publicly opene-d on the 15th day .of June, 1855, and that, consequently, from and after the Ist day of December in the =resent year, no other place within the metropolitan police Listrit can be lawfiuly used as a slaughter-honse, without a license, had for 'that purpose froma the last preceding Michaelmas. quarter sessions of the peace for the county, liberty, or diviion in which such place is situate. a ving ascertained by careful examination of the statute itself that it does not contain any provision impoSing9 the responsibility of itcsennforcoemaeintonany exidsting piublio. auethorty, and havingh been frther informed by Sir Rlchard the polleed w roul ed tk o r in the fUwn matter, your com- mitteel are of eb o inionrhami esiald ta-veymm be of. thisassoiation shvould takeoanearlyopportuntyh(ofd IL To give notice of their intentions to all ocupiers of slaughter-houses, in some such terms as the following:- 'IThe attention of all occupiers of slaughter-houses is directed to the folloving sections of the Metropolitan earket Act, and of the Metropolis Local Management Act. kterptU to stin tio 30 of the former act, and section 181 "You are hereby informed,- "ll That it will be necessary for you to apply for the license above-maentioned at the ensuing Mihaelmas quarter sessions of the peace, held at- "'I2. That- you must give notieg to the vestry (or district, board) of your intentionof doing-soonor befoerthe-day of August next. "'I 3. That the vestry will showecause against the giant of a licenso for the use of any place within their parish (or district) as a slaughter-house, respecting which it shall not have bDeen certified to them by their 'medical officer-- "' a. That no prof the premists to- be so used is inhabited, and that bttwleen every 'window, doorway, or other opening of the same, andl every inhabited house there inter-enes an suncovered space of at least 10 feet in its longest. measurement. "'6I . That the slaughter-house is provided wiith a sufficient sup&l of water, auflwith the necessary apparatus. c. T.hat it is prbvided with aroperly constructed impermeable drainage, comumuni'cating directly with -the meain -sewer, and that the inlet to the drain is propierly trapped and covered with a fixed grating, the bare of-which are not more thani three-eighths of an, inch ap'art. "'cId. That a sufficient number of covered receptaclesare kept to contain all manure, garbage, refuse, anad blood. "4. That the vestry (or district board) will hereafter requreof every person kceeping any slaughter-house within terprs(or district) that hle shall sign the following obligation: 'L A B, undertake (a) that the slaughter-bouse'of whilch I am the occupier shall he on all occasions thoroughly washed [and cleansed within three hours after the slaughtering and dressing oft any cattle; (6) that all blood,- manure, and refuseshll berxemoved from the premises on the night following the slaughtering of any cattle, between the hour of 10 p.m. and s a.m., andL that neither blood nor solid refuse be on anay account allowed to enter the sewer ; (c) that 'no cattle shall bekept in a slaughter-house or pound connected therewith foroa longer period than 36 hours previously to thleir being laughtered - (di) that the, slaughter-house, and all. buIig connectiA therewith, shall he limewashed throughoutgtsheir -whole interior at least three times in every year-namely, during March, June, and September. "' 5. That the vestry (or district bcoard) willunder no circumsasances consent to the lienasing of' a slaughter-house in any crowdedl or densely populated neighbourhood.' "1IL To take legal proceedings against the, occupiers of; all slaughter-houses usedL as such without a licenise after the Ist of December of the presnt year. ",T. B. SANDERSON, Chairanj'.1
MVAIh PACxRs To THE CAPE OF GOOn HIOPE AND LN'DI.-Her Majestys Government hisring entered'into a contract for the conveyasnce of mails by a line of screwsteamers, to be despatched monthly to the Cape of Gooda :fpej, and thence~ toMauritius, Point-de Galle, Madras andl Uothea, mails wil be made up at the General Post-office on teevening of the 5th of September, and on the evening of the 5th of each succeeding month, and wUill be forivardedr to Dartmouth, for transmisaon by those vessels-. When, how. ever, the 5th of the mnonth fall on Sunday, the Aespatl of the mails wil be deferred untilrthe following evening. All letters, &b., for the Cape of Good Hope, Natal, St. tfelena, and Ascension, will be forwarded by- the new line of packets, when not addressed to be otherwise sent; butletters, le., for Mauritius, Ceylon, andl Isdia, will continue to o forwarded, as a rule, rid Sue;, and will be sent by the Cape packets only when spciallyso addressed. The Cape packets wfil call at St. Hrelena siafd Ascension on the hsomeward voyage only, but separate mails for these places 'wil be made up by the outward pack-ets, to be delivered in all cases. where the packets may accidentally touch there, and in all other instance to be left nt the Cape. The following table shows the rates oftpbsge chargeable upon letters, newspaes an d hooks forwarded by these packets. In those cases where an (*3 is prefix-ed, the postage must be paid in advance: BnFO0RCE?,ENTS FOR TME CA.BII O-FGoODH,;P7.- Ifer Majesty's steamer Penetope arrived at Algoa Bay on the 6Cth of June, after a passage of 20 days from the atanhitins, which she left on the 20th of -May, with the 85th Begiment on boaxd, about 660 strong. The Penelope put. into East London,- wherd she remained tho -days Owing to the boisterous state. of tho weather coLTMun cation with the shore was impracticable, and as proVisions were becomisa scarce, little- more than two days' consumrion being le7t, it vIas deemed advisable to go on to Porb lizbeth to land t3bo tzoops., The troops were in XSrfect health, and there w;a jio fear e ther from cholera or smallpor.. .-, Tin: NEw POiC c.' _ h town-ebuncil of Bury St. Edmund's sre about to unite the boroughipol-ce force with t'he county police, under the provisions of tho n79W ct. At Norwich seps are being taken to secure agreMier unitY e£ aidon beimV'eC the eity tsnd the coiinty forees.
R4AIWAY IOCIDENTS V. RAIL TWA B&GNALS.I TO TE EIOR OF THE TIMES. - Sir,-I know of notlhng so bA to endire as- a-cstense. Since my letter to yo'? of the 5th ine- -'condeMng the present mode. of working the 'signal as the fruitfal source of Vallvway accidents, I have been in daily expectation of receiving that condign pnisment which I so richly have deserv'ed.' A man, however,'Will sometimes do a daring act, wheni placed in circumstancees of extreme peril, 'that in.his calmer 3nomenta he would shTink from. It wVas under some such feeling of personal danger whea travelling on a railwav, coupled with a strong con- cation that alarge proportion of the accidents-so calledl-ara clearly preventible, that I ventured to assail the stronghold of i' routine and red tape," with the view of obtaining possession of the railway signal, and' making it what it is not, a reatprotection to th6e passenger. I felt strong only in the justice of mny cause, and when I came coolly to survey my position discretion urged me to prepare for a speedy refreati. Conceive, therefore, my feelings when, on the morning after my first attack,' I found mnys'elf under the pirotection ' of -T.7ieI'Times.i I am indeed thankul that I was enabled' to- place the facts and tendencies in connexion with the present system of working the railway signal- so clearly before you as to' enlist your sympathy. I should be well content to leave 'the subject in your hands did I not know that before I could expecot you to adopt my views, so as to give me the full benefit of your powerful aid, you. would require that the p7an. recommend should. stand the test of public crnticism, and that for thiis purpose you would afford to thoso who differ ~from 'me n opinion the same faeilities for its expression aS you :kdndly afforded to-me. I have therefore waited with some anxiety to see what could be said in defene of a system which I consider indefensible, being conscious that the onus still restod -upo me -toc defend the position I have taken.' I was, however, a little surprised to see that for the space of 14 days -the enemy made no sign. Had I been left to myself, unnoticed and unsupported, I should -have understood the meaning of this silence. I should have construed it, I have no doubt, correctly. I ain quite aware of tho low estimate which managers entertain of the intellectual capacities of railway directors, and I do not mean to say that this conclusion is altogether erroneous. Therefore, writing as I do under the signature of " A RIailway Director," my performance mayhave tended to strengthen theso opinions; yet apart from the nian or the manner there are certain facts and tendencies set forth in my letter, involving grave and serious clharges against railway authorities, that one would thlink they. might listen to without any sacrifice of dignity. They would do well to remember that tho question is now no longer the mere crochet of a railway director, but that it is assuming tho slhapo anid form of a public question in which everyman and woman is deeply interested; it hasp moreover, been accepted by the press as a subject demanding attention,s ani1 the verdict of public opinon, wheorever theo subject has been brought unlder nlotice, is unanimous in condemntation of the persistent obstinacy wlich clings to a modo of aotion fraught with unnecessary risk and danger. Raihvay managers may rely upon it thal there is a growing conviction that railwvay tbavclliug, as at present conducted, is not tho perfection of humani wisdom; people are beginning to think that imany valuable lives have been sacrificed to official routine; that it is this routine that makes railways an exception to the rule of progressivo improvement both as regards economy and safety in the working; and when once this current of public feeling has set in,-when every man feels that his life is wantonly perilled by official prejudice and obstinate adherence to old forms,-I cannot doubt that the obstacles to a more rational state of things will be removed. It is because I know that nothing short of public opinion will serve to induce a change in the system, that T have sought through your columns to direct public attention to the subject ; for five years havel, on all fitting occasions, pointed out the inevitable tendency, the cause and effect, as illustrated in many a bloody " smash," of the pernicious system of usin7g the signa7 negatively; and it is in the fervent hope of-enlisting your zealous aid and powerful influence on behalf of public life and protection from unnecessary injury that I have assumed the office of censor. I am accused of using strong language. I admit it; and I maintain that no other language is fitted to express my sense of the wrong and misery which have beeninflicted upon us for so many years. Is it a time for puerile(genefalities and unmeaning compliments when we are commenting upon a system that wantonly trifles wvith human life? Believing, as I do, that' by far the large majority of those accidents by which the happiness of many a family has been blasted in a moment are caused by the system of which I complain, am I expected to express myself in honeyed phrase and doubtful hints as to the cause of this misery? Is it not enough, if not to convince; at aU events to induce an unprejudiced man to examine the subject, when we find that within less than a month five accidents have occurred, all resulting in injury and some in loss of life, and that four out of thefive might,andinalAhumanprobabilitywoul(l,have been avoided byusing the signal affirmatively? I give particulars of the four, the fifth being one not preventible by the means I propose:-Church-Fenton, 2 killed and 14 wounded; 13ury (ElastLancashire), goods manager killed and passengers injtured; 01dbury (Stour Valley), many severely hurt; Huddersfield, driver, stoker, and pointsman dangerously injured. Here we have about the proportion of preventible accidents occurring throughout. the year, and all that is required is to make the semaphore convey a positive -instead of a negative signal; that the engine-driver, instead of relying upon the order to "keep the line'clear," should, 'on 'approac ing a station, ask from those who ought to be upon the spot, and who alone have the means of knowing, this simple question, "Is the line clear?" and, if it be, that he should by the change in the signal receive an answer in the affirmative. . The silence which wqns- for a long time maintained by those who hold the power of life and death in their hands has at length been broken by a letter in your columns on the 19th inst., under the signature of "A A Railway Engineer." It was very wise in this gentleman to, stipulate that he should not be drawn into a controversy, if by this he means that he should be called upon to support his assertions ; in no other way that I can see could his letter provoke a controversy. I see nothing in it either to extenuate or justify thle system he professes to defend, and I should be quite content to forego the privilege of a reply were -it not that I desire to avoid any appearance of' 'discourtesy to the writer. 1 will therefore, at his request, give to his letter " more than a moment's consideration," though I may not exempt it from the ca'tegory of "routine and red tape." The "Railway Engineer" opens by saying that. the system ladvocate is "based on amostdangerous principle ;" but, as this -is rather declamatory than argumentative, I pass it over. I find him next agreeing with me in -what I said in my forni erletter, that "a railway should be so managed as to admit of irregularities of all sorts,- withiout these irregu-' larities necessarily in'volving injury to' the passengers." - He next says that the acciden-tat Church-Fenton was the result of neglect, and' that most of the accidents that occur from neglect of signal arise, not from the imperfection of the system in use, but from carelessness, inattention, and neglect on the part of those in c.harge. - -Ithink my case isjjroved, since it appears that the system now in use has not shown itself compe- tent to meet this irregularity arising from' 'neglect, .ithout serious injury to life and limnb. What are neglect, -inattention, carelessness, and igno.ance, but irregularities,-Vhose very irregularities that it is my object to counteract (to prevent them being. hopeless), and which the "Engineer" says t -htsygto of working should be able to meet, without iinju*y: to the passengers ? And yet, as though conscious of the unsoumdness of his position, not content with telling us that neglect was the' cause of the par- ticular accident-and neglect is the,prevaling cause. of accidents in general-he goes out of his way to tell- us that "these accidents do not arise from the imperfection of the system' now in use." He Will, perliape, allow us to form our -o conclusions in respect of this. s- The " Engineer" has himself suggested the question-if the system in use -be impefect; how was it th a at it did fiot s tep nto prevent .the irregularit, the xieglct at .O hurc hFent6n, fiom killin.g - id: maiming the passengers? - . . -. Surely, if it were good for anything at all, it should be competent to deal with the-every-day Ioe.rences of life T- If he had told us that there *was some temporary derangement of the road, or the engino 'was of bad construction, wve might look forward witkhope to a remedy; but human nature is made responsible; it is the "mental and moral 1 machinery that is imperfect". and therefore we. must be content. As an individual I object to this conclusion. Admitting the correctness of - the "Engineer's" judgment; when he says that "ignorance, neglect, and inattention are the primary eauses of accident," I still hold that it is possible to provide against these irregularities, and - render them harmless. Instead of a system that is based on the ass-umption of a state of things which we know never had and never will have an existence,-instead of cherishing the vain hope that by the - mere fiat of a railway manager man can be made other than what he is, wveak, erring, and ignorant, it wouald be more in accordance with reason were we to base our arraugements on those conditions which we know are inseparable from our nature. To come to an illustration, the "Engineer" says that the Ohurch-Fenton acciaent "was evidently the result of neglect," that the system of working was not in fault. Will he answerme this question'If the affir native signal had been in use at the time :of the shunting of the trai,-f the goods driver had been compelled before entering the station to obtain liberty to do so by means of the signal,would the passenger train have been cut in two ? In pursuing his criticism of the af3irmative system the "'Engineer" says that " the danger signal would no longer represent the actual existence of danger, and would therefore be distegarded." Granted, as far as-the first part, and, the better to make myself understood, let us get ridof this word "danger" as belonging to the semaphore arm when standing at rightangles with the post; call it by its proper name a " stop signal." The normal condition of the signal wouldthen be one sinply to -stop,- not necessarily implying danger; it would perform the same duty as a turnpike gate, or the gate of a level crossing. It is an intimation in either case that no one mustpass without a license, and so it would be with the stop .signal. The driver of a train would know that this signal is at all times considered a sufflicient protection to the station, and that under this. porotection the people at the stfation may be justiflably' engaged in operations that would make it dangerous to pass. The latter part of "Engineer's" assertion, " that the signals wouald be therefore disre-garded," is a n6u SeUir. He says what I am sure no driver would say, stil less act upon, with the fear of a verdict of wlvful murder or manslaughter as the consequence of his act. Thiis assumption is supported by a statement of Captaiu Tyler, who, in reporting upon an accident in Poterborough station, stated that 52 drivers admitted that they had for years habituailyrnin past a signal in the position of a stop signal. No wvonder that Captain Tyler was caled to report upon an accident when the management permitted open insubordination. It will be seCII that, for the purpose of defending au tenable position, "Engmeef' finds it necessary to assumoe-what in itself is alt absurdity-ViZ., that drivers could not be induced to act according to a rlo manifestly tending to insure their own safety; as though they placed no value on their own lives, and took a fiendish pleasure in causing tho destruction of others. In answer to all these objections I again fall back upon the fact:that my systemi of working the signal is in universal operation at all junctions. Why, if the system is fundamentally bad in principle, and liable to be systematicaly violated, is it adopted at those parts of a railway that are considered doubly hazardous? I may also ask another question;-why junctions that are in themselves most liable to danger from collisions are found practically to be the safest part of a railway ? for, notwithstanding the doubt expressed by the " Engineer," it is a statement borne out by the facts, and by my own exprience of the working of a junction over -which I travel almost daily, where from 100 or 200 trains pass belonging to opposing companies; and while almost every station on the two railways has its tale of horror, this junction, as far as my knowledge goes, has been entirely free from accident. Now if, in ancient times, it was. found to be an evil that "the trumpet should give an uicertain sound," how much more necessary is it, in these modern days of railways and high speed, that the signal should speak a certain language, not on one railway, but on every railway-not at the junctions only,but throughout the line,-so that a man going fromnone railway to another, seeing the signal ina given position, may know its meaning, and regulate his proceedings by one uniform rule. I do not think it necessary to enter into the question of distant signals and bell signals, further than to say that I much question the usefudness of the former, and the latter is a mere toy-a piece of clocLwork liable to derangement at any time. And what does it. do? Gives notice at a station that there is a tinawithin 400 or 500 yatds-a piece of information that would be of no earthly use in case of an. 'obstruction. Neither the one nor the other does that -which is essential to safety-viz., that before entering a station there should be an exchange of signals between the authorities at the station and the driver of an approaching train. All these contrivances are mere palliatives, designed rather for the comfort of the officials than the safety of the passengers. calculated to induce a false idea of security instead of exciting vigilant watchfulness. The whole system seems to ignore intelligence, and to make every man into a machine. The driver of a train, instead of feeling, the responsibility of his position, having hundreds of lives in his keeping, is degraded into a mere wheel or lever forming part of the machine that'carries him. He derives no credit for the safe conduct of his charge, but he not unfrequently receives censure where the fault is not his own. A station-master, instead of feeling'the necessity for watchfulness, is tempted to sleep, and a bell signal is provided to arouse him. Is it too much to ask, on behalf of the living freight contained in a train, that the dliver of the engine should ascertain, before entering a station, if he may do so with safety? It isin my judgment a caution which comnmon sense suggests, and which reas-on will justify. I will now take leave of the " Engineer," and glance at a remark of the intelligent editor of the Manchester Guardian, who, in a commendatory notice of my letter to rhe Times, gives it-as his opinion that the expense that would be incurred is the real obstacle to the adoption of the affirmative system. I wish to pay all the respect which is due to an -opinion from one so well capable of judging, and I should be glad to believe that the question is nirrowed to one of mere expense; but I fear it is not so, and my reason isthat 1 see so little of that rigid economy which is here' suggested in the general management of railways as to maLe me very doubtful of it in this instance. But, however this may be, I am sure the editor 'of the Gttardian would- be one of the last to balance human life and sufflering against any paltry saving that maiy be effected. The only extra expense that wvould be necessary in any case wvouLld be -where there ivas no night watchman oxi the station; for the -day' inaintain that the pres6nt staff is aU sufficient, and the same may be said of the night where the station is not entirely left. -Then there are 6lue small roadside stations * for mere passenger use, where the rails are not broken that might be excepted. The balance after this that -would remain, requirincg extra labour wouldnot be an item of large amount, and,whenwe see a5,OOO. to 10,0001. per annum set doin in the accouLts of a railway under the head of compensation, such a sum would supply a large staff of signalnen at 21s. per week. - i - TI n.n RirAF I i I I I I A ,mAWAY irREOT6R.' - Oct. 27.
ROYAT ORTHormDIc HOSPITAL.-The half-yearly general Court of Governors of this hospital, founded for the cure of clubfoot, lateral curvature of tho spine, and all other deformities, was held yesterday afternoon at 315, Oxford-street, nnder, the chairmanship of Mr. Quarles Harris, vice-prcesident of theinstitution. It seems from the stati9tscal report for the half-year that the-number Of patients in the wards is 36, and that the number-of patients admiltted during the half-year has been 831, being an increase over the preceding half-year of 236. The total numnber of patients admitted sinde the fii;t oening of the hospittl is19,067. Thoseetawy announec the.receipt.of a further pament of. 106L 8s. on aecount of tbe legacy -be. queathed to tho hospital by the late Miss Ann Thompson. ;:everal liberal donations have also.been added to.the funds, including the sum of 1001. from the Qaxena and Prince. Albert, since the formal opening of the ew premises by ths Prince. The benefits conferred by the hospital ure bei73g considerawbly extended, andjits funds .increasing, hut not an pn,yortion to the' claims niade-ijion them.l Very heavy expenses -have been incurred in the purchaSe and adaptation oE tl.e nlew andvery conundions premiises, for defraying which th:q ssnuittee depend entirely upon-the liberal1ity of the pubh'c.
qlATUIDAY HALF-HOLYDAY IN'MNCHESTMB 'i'h advocates for ahopkeepers-haif-holydayin Man thester continue vigorously to- prosecute -their movement, and.yesterday held a public meeting in the town-hAf which had been summoned at their solicitation by Mr. James Watts, thi mayoi. We havo' before stated that the warehoueemen and better class of shopkeepers have long sinec adopted- the half-holyday, which is ilso enJoyed. -y the factory operatives, -but the great bar to the-shoe? movemient is felt to be the factthat the vegetable and produce markets are held on Saturday. It 'will be ieen from theproceedingsattliepresentxneetingtiht itis soughtto indu¢c the corpor-ation either to close these markets'attogether on the Saturday, or at an earl, hour (say 2 o'clock) on the Saturday. So far- as the -clbth and varnmnarket is oncerned, that sready closes at the hour of high 'Change, wlich is from lto 2 on Saturday. The meeting was well attended, and the Mayor having formally 'opened the busnems, - Mr. CLanG, manufacturer, movedithe fist rslution: "Tbat- the' present injurious system of- late hours, espeeially on Saturdays, so. generally. adopted by retaii dealers, is unneces,ay for public convenience, and this meeting Pledges its active efforts to obtain an abridgment of them,"- The Satrday half-holyday had been alrerdy- obtained by the wholesale -warehouse ,sitn which he was connected, and, he saw no good ason why- the retail traders should be debarred the same privilege. - Hebelievedthatveiygreat good had resulted from the half-holyday so far as it had gone. Take the class of ountiiy carters alone, such aS bleachers, who used to get home frolu the market late-at night, so that it was 2 or 3 o'clock on Sunday morning; to them the change had been sa very great boon. To himself, the Saturday afternoon's and Sunday's rest was the greatest comfort he had, for, though an employer, he was in an everlasting busle all the rest of the week. If retail dealers would acd together, as the wholesale dealers had done, they would he -sure to succeed, and, what war mere, they would succeed 'without losing any portion of their business. ,"Hear, hear,"' and applause,) If the movement- were general among the shopkeepers, the public, that was, the purchasers, would soon accommodate themsdves, to the change. Me (Mr. Clegg) incurred some odium by. his advocacy of the Ten Hours Bill for factory operatives, but their opponents had lived to see that more work; and better work could be produced inthe-10 hours than was done before; and although the half-holyday inhis business had goneon for some years now, yet he found that his busines had not decreased. but haa gone on increasing. (Applause.) Aletterhad been zead atthe openlag of tho meetmg (.zrom Mr. Bailey) alluding to the benefit resulting to the workpeopla of the wniter from paying vages on F'riday insead'of Saturday, and he thought one object of their eff6rts should be to make that system general, or to pay them even stil earlier ifpible. Bathe firm of which he was a oartner they had paid wages on Fridiys for 40 years past, and generally early mthe day; and, as nimch as possible, tothe mnothers and female heads of families. In this rianner it got into the 'beat hands, and was spent in food and clothing whereas formerly it was spent very often in drinlk. - (lear,hear.) It was objeciedby some of his friends that the Saturday half-holyday led to Saturday afternoon and Sunday excursions, and to dissolute and bad habits. A friendofhistoldhimhe knewof Sunday-school teachers, who, when labouring till midnight on Saturdays, vere always diligent attendants at Sunday-school next da, but vho now had contracted bad habits; but he thought there was a principle in what they were seeling from -which they should. not be turned by exceptiona instance of misuse by those for whose good the boon was intended. He had been a Sunday-school teacher when he 'was a boy, and knew somethi= of the habits and wants of the poople, which led him to'believe that the good would outweigh any bad results. Ho advocated this system, not only for the worl-people, but for the principals of retail and other establishments, Yhose health and energies suffered much more from the long-hour system than their assistants (Hear, hear.) At the same time, he thought that all their efforts to ameliorate andimprove the condition of the people would be lost if theylostsight of the educational movement, for the people needed education, and a Christian education, as well as occasional relaxation. MEr. LATHAr, shoplkeeper, seconded the motion, an- i6 was supported by the Rev. Joinm llAmM;soN, and agreed to unamously. Mr. SLUGG,druggist, movea- "That the principal causes of Saturday evening shoppin" being the late payment of wages and the keeping open o the public markets, this meetin.g suggests to manufacturers and other employers the paying of wages on Eriday afternoons,- and-to the ayor and corporation an earlier closing of 1 he markets." - The Rev. Mr. CaAamSON sec'onded the mlotion, but -war at the same time for a compulsory cosing of publichouses on Saturday afternoon if the publicans did not volunt3rily join the movement. The resolution was carried. On the motion of the Rev. F. TUCKER, seconded by Mr.' STuTTEn, bookseller, a memorial was adopted to the Mayor and corporation, requestingth6mi to alter the Saturdavg marlkets to such hours as would afford to theinhabitants gienerally and the retail trade the advantage of the- Saturday half-holyday already enloyedby a portion of the tradesmen and working classes of the town. ' The meeting was largelg attended -by shopkeepers, and a very unanimous feeling seemed to pe-rakde the. 'whole Iassemblage on the subject. - _
I IREDHILL AIQD COLON JEBB. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I was as much surprised as your correspondent, "Never Too Late to MIend," when I read Colonel Jeb's remarks on reformatory schools in general; and on Redhill in.particular. I did not see them till recently, as Colonel Jebb (in consideration, probably, of my feelings) did not send me his report tlis year, as he has hitherto kindly done; When I read them-I donbted-whether they were of sufi^ient importance to justiy me in intruding on your columns, being simply the expression of an individual opicion, not based on any official inquiry, or having any recognized authority on the subject of reformatories, and bearig napon points vwhich the full statements of our amnna. reports from RedhiUl enable the public to judge of for themselves, anid on which our quarterly returns to the HIome-office give the Government pretty exact information. T readily, however, answer your correspondent's challengea to state thefacts of our case. Colonel Jebb says, "a bad or incornigible boy would-not be received at all at Redhill." I have not yet hit on any testby which I can nmow an "incorrigible" boy beforehand. I am sure, if Colonel Jebb will furnish one, all the labourers in the reformatory cause will bo grateful to him, and the public at large have reason to rejoice, for -who would villingly waste time or money on a hopeless euterprisel? As things are, we must try before we can imow. But as to bad boys, if the sentences passed on - them, or the number of times they havebeenlin prison, afford any criterion, we have had enough of these at Redhill to satisfy any one. Taking the boys who were in the school on the 30th of June last, I fiadthat out of 223 lads, varying from. 11 to 1 years of age, 35 were under sentence of transportation orpenal serHitude, and 103 under sentence of imprisonment for one year and upwards. - - Again, taking the admissions for last year (1855), I find that out of 175 boys 31 had been in prison twice; 22, three times; 10, four times; 19, fivo times; andc3G, si% times and upwards (of these last, 3 hid been in prison 12 times, 2, 16 times; and 1, 20 times). Surely these fiuares show a pretty fair proportion of "bad boys'-certainly "incorrigible" by prison discipline. But Colonel Jebb says :-W hen a boy is discovered ta be bad or incorrigible he is removed or sent away, and those wrho cannot appreciate the benefit beld out to them, orbe otherwise tempted to remain, run away." It is a pity that such statements should be made from so respectable a quarter without inquiry. Iet your readers judge for them., selves. Up to the 30th of June last we had received 59) boys under " conditional pardon"-boys, that -is, who would- else have been detained for the fullterm of their sentence in prison. Of these, three only had been "re moved,O-two to Parklerst, one to Shepton l,ialett, and only 13 others had escaped from us and eluded apprehen- on durin the term of their sentence. f these 13, four were convicted and sentenced anew before we could trace or c'l1im -them, and two were concealed and sent away by their ratives (these two aro both doing well). -I am not responsible for not detaining in bases where I have no legalpower of detention. But it is satisfactory to bo able to state that out of the remaining 574 of these boys sent under pardons. only 34 have deserted-or demanded their discharge after the expiy o£ t-heir sen tence, and out of these 10 can scarcely be called des;erters, as they remained here long after their terms of imprisonment were endied, and embarked for the colonies, hut left tbe ships they vere sent out i n (seven at one timne and three at another) in consequence of acciden,ts and mosbteomnestu,ous weather encounter-ed -in thme C hanrmel. I think these igures dispose of the assertion that boys selt to lRedhillare not, or cannot be, detained there. As to the reformatory effect of our discipline when tested by resmlts, your correspondent has- noticed the remarkible circumstance that Colonel- Jebb passes over entirely -the fact that the majority of our lads emigrate and puts forward only ourunfavourable experienceinhomedisposaL Iwould, however, correct the statnentthat wehave succeeded in reclaiming 50 per cent. I wish we -could say this-and I hone and thbink that ore long wre shl:l be Lable,-but ait pr.esent our average is nearly 70 per cent. (7 out of 10). U:p to December 31, 1835, we had sent ouit 372 to the colonies or t;he United States. I have heard of offrom 285 of these (up to the present date). In 233 cases I have favourable athent3 ;- i 52, bed ones. Ibelieve I know prettyaweil all thefailumes and ses, butlam willing to add a proportionof those I have not heardfrom.- This-gives nme1 good cases to 71 bad ones, or -a ratio -of sooce3s of 76per cent. onthose who have manfully left tneir old haunts and associates behind them, and begun their ne -life under newr and better circumstances..- - ai conclusion, I would add that -I- fully coincide in Colonel Jebb's general-opinion-that fth different classes of juvenile criminals which wo-have now to deal with requiredifferent modes of treatment-somen mo,e directly penal and corrective; some milder, freer, ond-nore educative. - I beLievo we shall always need --Pakhurst for restraint, if not for - reformation;- bat I am quite sure -that if we follows out -our newly adopteda ysten of :ealing with the vouLg offeuder in th earlier- stages of his career, in-ead of waiting- ill he Ias graduated -uretty hiy,h in vim or cumae before,we kbein to Vefo=% and rescUP hnn; weshallhave a far mJaller-pr;or tion of desperato- and incorrigible- cuesf,- ind dayOfly zecopilse llsd li rdwieie, Lblngiood, ICadir, Net- . castle, Saltley,4&c.; as the rule, and Parkhiuirst ae tho-e exception. - - - - - .- SYDNEY TPRNER.' RedbfiI4 PReigate, Aug. 28.
