DEATHS. On the 25th of Ma3.-ch last, on his Toyage to India, Charles, sewud Eon of Henry Dickiuson, Req.. of BIounemouth, Hants, aged 20. Oa the 2d ult., at Ferozepore. North-West Provinces, Lient.-Coloncl John Free, commanding 10th Bengal Light Cavalry, aged 48. On the2Sth ult., at Charleston. South Caroiina. U.S., WiiUiamCannon Mairay. REq., son of the late George Murray, Esq., of Ancoats fa1l, Manchester. On the I' 2th losft. at 9, Suffolk-parade, Cheltenbam, Rear-A dmiral Thomas Frickett, aged 65. On the 12th inst., at 4S, Myddelton-square, Charles Shaw, Esq., of the Sock Exchange, aged 81. On the 14th inst., in the 25th year of his age, William Griffiths, of 6, Matson's-terrace, I;ingzland, deeply lamented by all who knew him. I On the 14th inst., at his brotheres residence, No. 55, Strand, Mr. WViIHam Simpson, in the 42ld year of his age. On the 15th inst.. at 17, Dartmouth-street, Westminster, Mr. Stephen Wright, in the 74th year of his age. Oa the 15ch inst., ipr. Wmn. rartrtdge. aged 4, for nmore than 20 years in the confidential emrplo)yment of H. IV. Elder, City-road, London. Onthel16h inst., at Newington. James Rose, Esq. -On tlye 16th inst.. at her residence, Ashburton Cottage, flighgate, Middlesex, Sarah, iwidow of the late' Mr. Thomas Toawahend, in her 7ith year. On the 16th inst., suddenly, of disease of the heart, 1ieut.-Colonel Wemyss Thomas Cockburn, late 60th RiUes. On Monday, the 16th inst., at Clifton, in calm submission to the Divine will, and with a well-foumded hope of eternal life, aged 52, the Rev. Cuthbert George Young, of St. John's-wood, London, Secretary o! the Turkih Missions Aid Society. On the 17th inst., at 9, Eingsland-green, Hacriot, the wife of Mr. E. Bi. Morris. On the 17th inst., suddenly, in Monitagu-sqnsare, Catharine, daughter of the late W. EL C. Floyer, Req., of flints Hall, Staffordshire. On the 17th inst., at Thrapston, Northamptonshire, after a short illneEs, WilUam Hunt, Esq., aged 67, much respected and esteemed. On the lSth iest., at Tuarnford. in her 18th year, Grace, the beloved chid of Alfredland Elizabeth Willoughby. On the 15th inst., at loruton Villas, Sensington, Catherine, the beloved wife of Augustus G. Stapleton, Eq.
pARLAMENTARY INTELLIGE.rCE . ELOtUSE OF COmmONS, WED.NED,AY, JUNE 18. The Spx±xB took the cbzir at 12 o'clock. Petitions were resented, against the abolition of cburch:ates, by Lord omTix3, from Middleton, Hutton Cranswick, Garton-on-the-Wolds,Watton and Leckonfield, in the IXat Riding of Yorkshire; and by Colonel MLAUNSELL, from &eddington, in the county of Northampton. Petitions were also presented by Colonel MkLruS.ML from medical officers of the Kettering Poor Law Union, praying for redress of the grievances by which they have been so long opressed; by Sir H. STRAcmy, from the medical offieers oF the Henste&d Union, in the county of Norfolk, to the same effect; and by Mr. PELL.aT-r, from prisoners confined for debt, &c., in the county gaols of Durham, Carnarvon, and Cornwal2, praying the House to assimilate the laws -of bankruptcy, insolvency, &c. NAWAB OF SUR.AT TREATY BILL. Upn the order of the day for the further consideration of -this biUbeing read, Sir W. SOMEKVThLE moved that the further consideration be postponed. Sir F. KELLY repeated the heads of his argument in favour of the promoters of the bill which he used on Wedmesday last, and recapitulated tho grounds upon which Jaffier Ali Khan claimned payment oflan annuity as heir of the Nawab of Surat, in whose favour the treaty of 1S00 was entered into by the East India Company. He trusted that in the interval of a week since the subject was under the consideration of the House the Government had given their attentfon to it, and that the President of the Board of Control was prepared to notify their opinjion that the honour of the Company ought to be,maintained and paysuent of the annuity made. The whole question was, whethersuch an engagement had been entered into, because, if so, it ought not to be broken. (Hear.) The hon. and learned gentleman concluded by inoving that the bill be read i third timo. Sir E1. WILLOUI GHBY said, the whole case of the petitioners against the biU had only been delivered to members within an hour, and it appeared to him abburd to discuss a question of which they had only the evidence on one side. M1r. V. SMITH said, he had on Wednesday last asked the House to adjourn the consideration of the bil2 for a week to allowof the minutes of evidence taken before the select committee to be laid upon the table. By some mistake, to his astonishment, the case for the promoters wsis fully given, while that of the petitioners was only specified in an index. The chairman of the committee (Mr. Cardwell), who was not responsible for the defect, undertook to get it remedied, but the last paper was only placed in his hands when on his way to the House. Having, hoveever, pledged himself to state his opinion, he should do so and leave it to the House to determine whether they would proceed further with their deliberation on the question today or not. He was bound to state, on behalf of the Court of Directors, that they had displayed the utmost anxiety to do what was right among these parties, and hal not the least intention to inflict injustice from motives of selfinterest The position of the bill was singular. By the authority of the Speaker, it was decided to be in the nature of a private bill. He did not oppose the second reading. It was referred to a privatebill committee,and theoonly doubt he had was whether it would not have been more advisable to refer it to what was called a mixed comnmittee. The ccmnnttee to which it was referred was composed of five gentlemen of high standing and great legal ability, and conseuentlythebillreceived, in his view, ts o much of the construction of a legal document. He thought the comnmittee had limited their functions more than was intended. Having stated their decision upon the question of the private estate and passed the biU as it stood, the committee remitted to the House the consideration of the public question without giving any clue by which it should be guided. A private bill comsnittee was of 211 tribunals the most objectionable, for, although in theory such a committee might discuss questions with deliberation and judgment, in practice it wvas found that the usual course was to inake private business a matter of canvass. Under the sanction of the office which le held the Court of Directors were entrusted with the government of India, and if persons, offendea by any treaty or act of the Indian Government, were to come over to this country and prosecute their claims by canvass and introducing private bils into Parliament, it would be orne of the most objectionable systems they could possibly countenance. (Hear.) Speaking generaUy, it Was perfectlv notorious that the princes of India entertained very strong notions that everything was to be done by canvass, and the House ought to discourage the practice of private canvass in such matters. The question had been stated to be a merely legal question, but upon that depended the -whole issue. He helda contrari opinion. The public question resolved itself into two points-the title to the Nawabship and the stipend. The right to the Nawabship was, as he understood, completely given up by the present claimant, but there was an incidental question of inheritance. There could be no doubt that the Nawabship of Surat was in the hands of the East India Company to bestow upon whom they pleased. This was the opinion of Lord Wellesley, of G overnor Arthur, and of Lord EUlenborough. The argument that settled this question -was that the East india CLmpany miglit have appointed the Bukshee as Nawab, .and if they had appointed him and given hinm the stipend of 15,0001., wonld it have been said thatthe daughter or granddauzhter of the iNawab was also entitled to the stipend? (" Hear," fron Sir F. Kelly.) The question was, whetherthe stipend was to be given to the heirs of the body or to Succcssorsa The hon. and learned gentlemani had omitted the word "successors," and yet that word governed the whole. Tne treatywas one between the YNam-ab of Surat, his heirs and successors, and the heirs must be successors as wel as heirs. It was fair to say, therefore, that the heirs succeeding to the stipend should be successors to the Nawalbship. He a.rned the House that there were other parties in the shsde who did not appear before that House, bet whose interests Parliament was bound to protect as well as the inte rests of those who came to this conntryand made themselves popular amoTi ineuibers of Parliament. (Hear, hear.) rSir E Kelly.-" 'They may appear before the Privy Council."] Bnt their appearanice in this country and before such a tribunal was much less likely than that of the wealthier heirs. With regard to the stipend, although the East India Government had a right to dispose of it as they thought fit, he would admit that it had slever been the eustonsa of the East India Company to deal otherwise than most lib2rally wth the families of the native princes. The BonIbay Government proposed to make these parties an allowance of 12,000 rupees a-year. He thoulght a case had been made out for dealing with them more liberaUy, but -the proposal he had to make was to be understood as consequenit upon the withdrawal of the bill. Me considered a private bill the worst mode of dealing with this question, and the House would be doing the greatest oischsief to the public service if such claims upon the public revenues of India were to be made in private bils. It should be recoUected that such claims really concerned the revenues of the Crown of whichl the Directors of the East India Company were trustees for the benefit of the people of India, and he might have to discuss hereafter whether the standing orders ought not to 'be altered, so as. to give the Indian revenues the same protection which the revenues of the Crown enjoyed in similar cases. (Hear, hear.) A2 a private bill he should oppose the present mreasure; but if the bill were withdrawn he would undertake that the whole of the pension should be given to the descendants of the Nawab, to be distributed in the manner settled by the Government of Bombay, but providing that the 15,0001. should verv much follow the progress of this bill for the lives of the parties. He did not propose that this allowance should be made perpetual to the families of the parties, because no benefit could possibly arise from maintaining a set of gentlemen for ever in pomp and luxury. Instead of becoming good citizens they would probably become bad mock kings, the focusses of internal agitation, dissolute and unhappy in themnselves, and cherishing hopes which could never be realized. He saw no reason, therefore, why these allowances should be granted in perpetuity. This offer of an allowance for the lives of the parties was, he thought, one of great liberalityon the part of the East India Government, and perhaps the wises>t course would he to adjourn the considera*tion of the question, so that the individual concerned might have an opportutnity of reflecting wether he would accept the offer now made to him. If he should determine to persevere mith this private bill, then, considering it to be unconstitntional, unwise, and iniproper, he (Mr. V. Smith) would take a division against it if he stood alone. 'rihe House would remember that this was not a payment from a private fund, but from the revenues derived from the ryot3 of India. WVhen the House was told, therefore, of the distress of this -entleman, he might appeal, if he chose, to the condition or those who would have to pay a person infinitely wealthier than themselves. He would now leave the question in the hands of the House, but he hoped the hon. and learned gentleman (Sir F. Kelly) would fix such a day for the further consideration of this question as would enable his clients to consider this proposal, whicli he hoped, as wel upon their own account as for the constitutional question involved, they would be prepared to accept. (Hear, hear.) Sir F. KELLY said, that the right hon. gentleman had spoken of the individual principally concerned as his client. (Hear.) Now, he had undertak-enathis question as an independent member of Parliament, from a conviction that the claim preferred was just and well founded. (Hear.) He could not, therefore, accede to the terms proposed by the right hon. gentleman. hr. CA?RDWELL said, that the President of the Board of ControL hadl ob,ectedto the form and constitution of the committee, of which he Mr. CardweIL was chairman, and also to the limited functions which they had prescribed for themselves. He agreed with the right hon. gentleman that the treaty part of this question ought not to have been left to the committee on a private bill chosen by the Committee of Selection. The officers of the House had no choice, and could do no otherwise than they had done, but there was an individual who had the power of remitting the question to another tribunal, and that was the President of the Board ,of Control. He might have taken the opinion of the law -officers of the Crown, and he might theo have stated his impressions to the House, or he might have availed himself of a clause in the Privy CouncilAct, and referred the matter to the consideration of a Committee of the Privy Council. TXhe committee dealt with the private matters contained in the bill, and they reported the public matters specially to the House. It was argued on the one side that the NKawabship of Srat became hereditary in 1800 by an agreement then miade for the first time; and on the other side it was stated that the Nawabship was hereditary up to 1800, and that by the deed of alienation, called the treatv of 1SOO, it ce ased to be hereditary, and had, in fact, neveir been hereditary since that time. It was he thought, clear that before thseyear1800 the Ea1t India Company did consider that they had vested in them the rights of the Court of Delhi ana that they had thu power of aisposing of the Nawabship as they pleased. But it was also clear that from the year 1759 down to 1SO there had never been an instanfce in which the line of hereditary succession had not been scrupulously observed ; and it was also proved that when the Bombay Government proposed in the year 1792 to dispose of tho sUCcession as they pleased, and the question was referred to Lord Cornwallis, he said that the eldest son of the deceased Nawab had ah claim b hereditary title, and he acknowledged that claun. (Hear, hear.) Lord Weileeley determined to take the government of Surat into his owrn hands, and he sent Governor Dancan to Sauat with an armed force, and with instructions that if Nasr-ud-Deen would not ratify the articles of agreement sent with Governor Duncan the Nawabship was to be given to some one else. The real meaning of those instructions was,-" Take possession of the power of Smat by treaty if you can ; by force, if by treaty you cannot." (Hear, hear.) The Nawab executed the articles of agreement submitted to him by Governor Duncan, on representations which the Governor had prudently left upon record. The Governor pointed out to the Nawab's agent the expediency of the xNawab's cheerful acquiescence in the treaty, as it would give him and his family from generation to generation a greater security than they had yet had of an honourable provision. He added that the Company, which had never failed in a strict adherence to Its engagements, would now become bound in perpetuity to support the Nawab and his family. (Cheers and lalughter.) On another occasion, when the Nawab's chief objection to the treaty seemed to be the omission of the words " for ever" after " heirs" in the 4th article, the Governor assured the agent that a stipulation for a stipend for a man and his heirs meant that it .as to continue for ever, or until the heirs became extinct. (Hear, hear.) It was under those cirumLstances that the treaty was signed. WVith regard to tho interpretation of the treaty, there could be no doubt that, if it were regarded as an agreement between private parties, there being no words of limitation to control the word "heirs," that word must be construed generally, and the agreement must not be regarded as limited to a particular class of heirs. He would next show in what manner the agreement had been acted upon. In 1821 Nasr-ud-Deen died and was succeeded by his son, who clearly could not have inherited the Nawabship without the concurrence of the Conipany. The widow of Nasr-ud-Deen then applied for a portion of the annuity on the ground that it was soparate from the Nawabship, bat the Bombay Government declined to put that construction upon the treaty, and the matter ended by the son giving tho mother an allowance equivalent to the portion she had claimed. The son of Nasr-ud-Deen died in 1842, the male heirs became extinct, and the promoter of the resent bill, who had married a daughter, claimed by right of inheritance the dignity of Nawab, together with the annuity. What view did the officers of the Indian Government take with regard to that claim? Mr. Elliot, the agent at Surat, dealt with the annuity as a continuing annuity, and apportioned it among the persons who,hethou-ht,were entitled to it. The opinions both of Mr. Elliot and of Mr. Blane were laid before Sir George lArthur, who, after a full review of the case, came to the conclusion that "the Governmient was bound in honour, equity, and good faith to continue the stipend." (Hear, hear.) Mr. Anderson, also, who had formerly held the situation of judge at Burst, although he doubted whether at the time the treaty was signed the contingency of the lapse of the Nawabship was contemplated, thoughtthat, according to the words of the treaty, the heirs, while any remained, were entitled to receive the stipend. The Government of India took a different view of the case, but he cast no imputation either on the Government or on the East India Company for the conclusion at which they had arrived ; they were supported by strong authority, and they had no interest on either side. The power of the Company to determine the Nawabship, on the death of Nasrud-deen, had been used as an argument in favour of their construction, hut it appeared to him to bear the other way, because it could not have been intended to make a grant in perpetuity contingent upon an office about which there was no element of perpetuity. (Hear, hear.) He had now stated the grounds upon which the comnnittee had decided, regarding the treaty as an agreement between iprivate parties; but lie doubted whether he could have consented to treat this as a private bill if there had been no opportunity of obtaining the decision of thelHouse upon the great constitutional questions which it involved. He would now state in what manner he thought this matter ought to be settled. Agreeing with Mr. Anderson that the failure of male heirs was not contemplated at the time of the agreement, he thought the agreement ought to be interpreted by the words which had been used, and the stipend dealt with as an hereditary pension. (Hear, hear.) It was, however, a question whether that part of it which was evidently intended to meet an expenditure which now no longer existed-the office of Nawab having been abolished-ought not to be retrenched. But, as it was by no means clear who w-ere the, heirs of the Nawab-as it was uncertain whether the promoter of this bill would have any interest in the pension sUppOSing it to be hereditary, the money ought to be placed in the hands of trustees, there to remain until that question had been decided. He would now leave the House to deal with the matter in the mainer they thought most consistent with the justice of the csse, the rights of individnals, the dignity of the British Crown, and the honour of the British name. MIr. NAPIER said, he was one of the members of tie committee over which the right hon. gentleman who had last addressed the House presided, and, after a careful examination of ail the papers, he had come to the conclusion that the construction put upon the treaty by the promoter of the bill was founded upon the clearest principles of justice, and that the opposite construction was contrary both to those principles and to good faith. (Hear, hear-) Mr. MANGLES said that, after careful deliberation, he had come to a conclusion on this question totaLly opposite to that formed by the hon. and learned gentleman who had just addressed the House. The Court of Directors of the East India Company had not the smallest personal interest in this matter, and their opinion on the subject was as honestly and conscientiously entertained, and was entitled to the same degree~of respect, as the opinion of those who supported the present bill. The East India Company were trustees for the public of the revenues of India, and were bound to do everything in their pow er against attempts to appropriate it. The only question to be determined was whether the stipend was given to the heirs of Nasr nd-Deen being Nawabs, or to his heirs generally. The merits of the whole matter were to be found in Lord Mornington's instructions for the conduct of the treaty, the treaty itself, and Governor Duncan's diary of what took place. If all those papers were read in connexion with each other he believed that thev would I be lound to support the view taken by the East India Com-| pany. They muist be regarded as State papers, and not as mere negotiations between private individuals, and the fair conclusion to be drawn from them was that which had been adopted by successive Governors-Generalof India, by successive; Courts of Directors, and by! no less than three successive Presidents of the Board of Control. MIr. WIGRA31 opposed the bill. This annuity had been originally granted in consideration of the renunciation of the dignity of the Nawabihlip, and it was only reasonable that it should follow that line of descent in which the nawabship would have gone had it been continued. The moment all the heirs who, according to the 31ahomedan law, wo,uld have succeeded to the Nawabship became extinct, it might be reasonably supposed that the pension would cease also. He objected to the manner in which the bill was drawn. It ought to have left it open for the claimants to enforce their claim, either by an action at law or by a bill in equity, with an appeal to the Queen in Council. If this case wvere to be deemed a judicial question it ought to have been treated in a judicial manner. He could see no reason why any legislation was needed in the matter at all. The Court of Queen's Bench had decided that the Court of Directors wvere bound to forward to India any despatch wvhich the Board of Control might send to them, and the proper course, therefore, would have been to move for an address to HIer Mlajesty, praying her to direct a despnatch to be sent to India, ordering the payment of this pension. Mlr. G. BUTT said, that the committee had purposely framed the bill in such a manner as to leave all the questions involved open for judicial investigation. Mr. DAN'BY SEYMrOUP, referring to the speech of Mrr. Cardwvell, said that the President of the Board of Control, not thinking it his duty to divide the bill into two parts as tle right hon. gentleman suggested that he ought to have done, h.ad left it for the committee to do, or at least to recommend. The right hon. gentleman had also stated that the Government ought to have referred the matter to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. The President of the Board of Control had been anxious to take that course, but he had been informed by the highest judicial authority in the country that it was inadmissible, as the l'rivy Council had no pnower to consider the question. The merits of the case having been so fully gone into, it was nnecessary for him to touch upon them, and he would content himself, therefore, with expressing the highest esteemandzrespect which he entertained forMeer Jaftier personally. no wvas of an ancient and respectable family, he had no personal interest in this matter, but was merely seeking to do what he conceived to be his duty to his children. MIr. CARDWELL, in explanation, said it was not competent for the committee to divide the bill into two parts, unless the House had specially instructed them so to do. The bill was then ordered to be read a third time. OUR RELATIONS WITH THE UNID STATES. Major REED.-I wish to ask the hon. member for Inverness-shire whether, pending negotiations between this coumtry and the United States, he still intends to bring forward the motion which stands in his name for tomorrow ? Mr. BAILLIE.-I am anxious to state for the convenience of the House the course which I intend to pursue in reference to the motion of which I have given notice for to-niorrow. Hlaving heard from various quarters that it might be inconvenient to the public service to enter at the present monient upoIn any discussion of American affairs, I intend to give up that motion. (Cheers.) At the same time I wish distinctly to state, that I have in no way changed the opinions which I originaUy formed upon the subject. They have, on the contrary, only been confirmed by the papers which have been laid on the table by Her Majcsty's command, and, if I withdraw niy motion, I only do so because I -would not wish to pursue a course which might be thought to be injurious to the public interest(Hear, bear.) Mr. G.-E. MIOORE.-I regret exceedingly to hear that the hon. memoer for Inverness-shire has abandoned the task which he had undertaken, and which he was so very competent to discharge; and I regret still more to find that hon, members around him appear to acquiesce in that decision. But though this side of the House may abdicate the functions of an Opposition, that is no reason why this House should abdicate the functions of Parliament, and I, for one, will certainly not abdicate the privilege of an independent member, of calling upon the Hoe= to give its opiniqa on any question on which it may think it expedient for the public service that its opinion should be expressed. I tbink it is right that the sense of the House should be taken on the question. I therefore give notice that I shall take the sense of the House upon it on the first day on which I can obtain an opportunity, and in whatever form I may think most convenient. DWELLINGS FOR THE LABOURIXNG CLASSES (IRELAND) B1LL The House then went into committee on this bilL On clause 2, Colonel GREVILLE moved to leave out that part of the clause which relates to tenants! obligations as to defaults. The committee divided, the numbers being- For the motion ... ... ... ... 27 Against it ... ... ... ... ... 185 Majority ... ... ... ... -155 The remaining clauses of the bill were, with certain verbal amendments, agreed to. Upon the motion of Colonel GREViTmE, a clause was added I providing that the act should apply only to tenements erected at the sole cost of the landlord. Colonel GREVILLE moved the addition of a clause binding the landlord to keep the dwelling-house in good condition and repair. Sir W. SOMERVILLE opposed the clause. The committee divided, when the numbers were- For the clause... .. ... ... 39 Against it ... ... ... ... 154 Majority ... ... ... ... -115 The clause was therefore lost. Colonel GREVILLE moved the addition of another clause, giving a right of appeal against the decision of the justices. Sir W. SOMERVILLEopposed this clause, which would, he said, defeat the principal object of the bill. Mr. M'MAHON and 3r. KxgNxEDY supported the clause, which was opposed by Mr. J. D. FITZGEIRALD. Captain M'OLINTOCK BUNBURY said that it was his intention to support the amendment of the gallant colonel the member for Lonpford. As a magistrate sitting in petty sessions and called upon to decide in a matter relating to the occupation of a tenement, possibly of a brother magis. tiate, it would afford him consolation to know that his decision could be appealed against. In all such cases the decisions of magistrates should be above suspicion. He should. therefore vote for the appeal. Mr. J. O'CONNELL expressed his cordial approval of the clause, and deemed it quite essential to the salutary operation of the bill. The committee then divided, when there appeared- For the clause ... ... ... ... 107 Against it ... ... ... ... ... 91 Majority for the clause ... ... -16 The clause was then agreed to. Colonel GREVILLE moved the insertion of another clause, providing that landlords and agents, if justices of the peace, should not take part in the hearing of any complaint or in the making of any order, decree, or adjudication under the act. Sir W. SOMERVILLE observed that his only objection to the clause was, that it was unnecessary. The magistrate who could be guilty of anything so unfair and indecent as to sit in judgment on his own case was unworthy of holding Her Majesty's commission. (Hear, hear.) Mr. H. A. HERBERT approved the principle of the clause, but expressed a hope that English members would not suppose that it was the practice of magistrates in Ireland to take part in the hearing of their own complaints. Hie had never heard of such a case. (Hear, hear.) The clause was agreed to, and the bill passed through committee. POOR LAW (IRELAND) BILL. Mr. NAPIER, in moving the second reading of this bill, observed that its object was to remedy the defects of the system under which Poor Law elections were at Present couducted in Ireland. That system was so faulty, that it affordedunlimited facilitiesfor the commission of frauds and forgeries. At an election of Poor Law guardians held in Dublin in 1855 no fewer than SOO votes were forged in one union. (Hear.) Not only were the names of children five years old pressed into this service of imposture, but so, too, were those of persons lang since dead, and of others who had never existed. (" Hear, hear," aud a laugh.) And what made the case worse was, that the law afforded noclue for the discovery of those wvho had been guilty of such fraudulent practices. This was the more to be regretted as accuracy in the Poor Law rating wasa matter of great importance, that rating being the basis of other franchises in Ireland. It was mith the view of correcting this crying evil that the present measure was prepared. The bill was founded upon the 7th and 5th of Victoria, chap. 101, applicable to England, and substantially embodied the 14th and 15th clauses of that aet. It would enact that no person should be entitled to vote for a greater amount of rent or tithe than the rated value of the property; that non-occupying ratepayers should give a full description of the property in respect of which they claiimed to vote, and of their interest therein; that proxies should be limited to five years, and a book of property voters be made oat in each union; that objections to the right to vote might be made in writing, together with other provisions, having for their object the maintenance of the rights of property and the interests of morality. A session ought not to be allowed to pass without measures being adopted to check the startling amount of forgeries and fabrications to which he had referred, and he therefore trusted that he would have the co-operation of the Government in endeavouring to effect so desirable an object. Theright hon. gentleman concluded by moving the second reading of the bill. 2dr. J. D. FITZGERAL1), feeling that the sitting was too near its termination for him to be able to explain his objections to this bill in detail that day, begged to Imove the adjournment of the debate. The debate was adjourned accordingly. The Registration of Leases (Scotland) Bill was committed pro formd. The Procedure before Justices (Scotland) Bill was read a second time. The Stock-in-Trade Exemption Bill went through committee, and the Survey of Great Biitain, &c., Bill was read a third tune and passed. AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS. Mr. BENTINCK asked whether it was the intention of the Government, in consequence of the withdrawal of the motion of the hon. member for Inverness (Mlr. Baillie), to bring on the Agrieultural Statistics Bill to-morrow (this day) . Lord PALMERSTON replied that the Government proposed to go into Supply to-morrow. NATIONAL EDUCATION (IRELAND).-THE DE. FEAT OF THE GOVERNMENT. On the motion that the House do now adjourn, Mr. FORTESCUE was anxious to ptt a question to the noble lord at the head of the Governnient relative to the vote to which the llouse came on the previous night. That vote was one of the most unfortunate decisions at which the House had ever arrived, and a day ought not to be suffered to elapse without some 'notice being taken of it. Its importance could not possibly be exaggerated; for they might depend upon itin spite of all that had been said last night-that the address to the Crown which had been adopted, not, he believed, by the deliberate Judgment of the House, but by an accidental majority, so far from involving, as bad been represented, only a slight modification in the system of national education established in Ireland, amounted to the direct sub. version and reversal of that system. (Hear, hear.) Believing that the House of Commons did not mean to sanction so great a change he thought it very desirable that they should have another opportunity of considering the question. Sir W. JOLLIFFE rose to order. The hon. gentleman had risen ostensibly to ask a question, but had put none. He had merely animadverted on a former debate, without keeping either to the question before the House or to the inquiry which he perhaps wished to make. ("Hear, hear," and a laugh.) bMr. FORTESCITE only desired to say that it was his intention to submit a resolution to the House, pledging them to support the national system of education in Ireland as it stood (hear, hear); and, being convinced that such a motion ought, if made at all, to be made on an early day, he felt, as a private member, that any attempt on his part to obtain a speedy discussion would be futile unless he had the assistance of the Government. He had therefore to ask whether the noble lord would give him an early day for the purpose he had indicated ? Lord PALMERSTON.-Sir, I quite concur with my hon. friend as to the importance of the subject to which our decision of last night related, and also as to the evil effects flowing from that decision. (Hear, hear.) I likewise agree with him that great advantage might result from the reconsideration of the subject, accompanied by a further expression of the opinion of the House upon it. I believe the decision of last night does not represent the real sentiments of the House of Commons (cheers), and that therefore, in a matter of such vital concernment to the people at large, no unecessary delay should be allowred to take place in enabling this assembly to express its true convictions regarding it. (Hear, hear.) Under these circumstances, I shall be ready to give my hon. friend Monday next for the introduction of his motion. (Hear, hear.) The House then adjourned at 10 minutes to 6 o'clock.
THE Aouyno?E3 z.-It will be recollected that a short time ago the body of a lady named M1abor, an inmate of the so-called " Abode of Love," which is situated near Bridgwater, was discovered in a pond near the establishment, and it was evident that death had been caused by drowning. At an inquest, which has just been held by the coroner for the district, Mr. Monckton, some extraordinary disclosmres were made. The unfortunatedeceased, it appeared, was not " right in her mind," and entertained the notion that " she had never believed in the Lord Jesus Christ." One day she escaped from the " Abode," and there was no doubt that she committed suicide by drowning herself in the pond. Before the coroner her sister, Miss Fanny Maber, who is also an inmate of this establishment, produced a scrap of paper which the deceased had left behind her, and which contained these w,ords .-" This is a day of judgment to me, and fearful perplexity. When I go Self will go from the 'Abode.' If my wretched heart were not stone and unbelieving, what 'Beloved' said would have relieved me." The term " Beloved" was, she said, applied to 3r. Prince, the principal of the establishment, and was ntended as a term of reverence and respect. The inmates had never seen anything of Mr. Prince but " God's life outwardly." The witness admitted that herdoceasedsisterhad transferred all her property. amounting to 1,7001., to Prince, and said she did it voluntarily. She further admitted that another sister of hers had died in the Agapemone. The jury returned a verdict of " Temporary Insanity," and it wai intimated that some official inquiry would probab'ly be institited inut this netoneus establibhment.
PARLIAMENTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMMONS, THurSDAY. Jus-E 19. OlDEMS OF T=lE DAY. AT 12 O'CLOCK. Registration of Voters (Scotland) Bill.-Committee. ParochialSchools IScotland) Bill,-Comnmittee. Grand Jury Assessments (Irelanud Bill.-Thirdreading. Burialgrounds (Ireland) Bill,-Committeo. Peace Preservation (Ireland) BiU,-As amended, to be considered. NOTICE Or MOrIon. AtT 12 o'cLocc. MTr. G. Dundas,-On motion for going into committee on Registration of Voters (Scotland) Bi, to move that this House will upon this day six months resolve itself into the said committee. OtDERDS OF THIE DAY. AT TIE ELv-'nO srreal ig. Supply,-Com mittee. Poor LActs Amendment (No. 2) BiI,-Second reading. Agricultural Statistics Bill-Second reading. Coalnkrupters (Port of London d BiDl.-Seco nd reading. Smoke pinistce Abatement (Metropolis) Act, 18i3, Amendment BiD,.-Committee. Medical Profession BiDl,-Commrdttee. accination Bdll,-Commuttee. Burial Acts Amendment BiD,.-Second reading. Juries (Iceland) Bill,-Adiorerned aebate on second reading. Bankrnptcy and Insolvency(Ireland) 1111,1-Second reading. Hospitals (Dublin) Bill.. cond reading. London Corporation Bill.-Second reading. Seamen's Savings-banis Bill,-Second reading. Caml ridge University Bi111.-As amended, to be considered. Deesins (Scotland) Bill-Second reading. li'ational Gallery Site BiU.-Scond reading. Courts of Common Law (Ireland) Bill-Comiattee. Goor Law (Ireland) 1hth ,-ALdouned debate on second readiang. TithoeCoead uatlayonmpestcharge BiU.f-bommittee. Stock in Trade Exemption aBitLs-Thirdt reading. Jndges and Chancelors BiU,-&cond reading. lc.OTICy.S 01F MOTIONS. AT TIIE MVEFSNPcO smrrNco. irIr. Repten,-To arkif any arrangements have been made by'the Goserument with the London and Xorth-WVcstern and Chester anb. Bolyhcad Railw ay companies. and City of Dublin Steampacket Companly, for an improved postal and passenger communication between Lonldon and Dablin? Mr. Hankey.-To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Depart, meiit when he intends to take the discussion on the City of London Corporation Reform BiU ? hMr. hassey,-Bill to render vald certain marriagesin the church at Coatharn, in the parish of Kirk Leatham, in the county of York. Bill to extend a certain provision in the Act 5th and 6th of l'ictoria, chap. 111, "to confirm the incorporation of certain horoughs, and to indemnify such persons .as have ssntained loss thereby." to berougha since incorporated. MIr. Hamilton,-Copies of all correspondence between the Poor L.aw Commissioners in Ireland and the guardlausofthe New Ross Union since the let of December last. Mr. innaird,-That, in the opinion of this Hlouse, no member of Parliament. unless at the time in the sernice of the Crown, ought to receive remlmeration for professional or other services rendered to the Government in relation to any bil or proceeding3 in Parliament. Mr. L. Ricardo,-Contracts for Public Departments.-To nominate the select committee:-hfr. L. Ricardo, Mr. Gibson, Mr. fonaeU, Colonel Dsmne, Mr. Mitcheli. Mr. Wilson, Mr. G. A. Hamilton, Sir C. Napier. Colonel Lindsay. Viscount Goderich, Colonel Smyth, hIr. Brood. MIr. L. Dasics, Mir. Liddell and M r. Glyn Sir G. Grey,-Blli to transfer the povers of the Church.buildin.' Commissioners to the E*cclesiastical Commissioners for E ngland. ViscounetPalmerston -Billto cniu hDCrutciePe vention Act. 1&4otiu.heCrut rcicsPo MIr. H. Bekeley.-On motion for the renewal of the Corrupt Prac. tiers at Elections Prevention Act, to move, that it be read that day aix months. Mr. L Butt,-Returns of aU proclamations issued by the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland under the authority of the act, 11th and 2th of Victoria, chap. 2, or any act continuing the same siace the passing of that act, specifying the dates of such proclamations, and the counties, baronies, or districts affected by each, distinguishing those proclamations which are now in force, and giming the dates of the withdrawal of those that have been withdrawn; of any notices to bring in arms that hare been issued for the same period under lke authority, specifying the date of each and the district to which such notice applied anid of any orders made during the same period for the revocation of licenses granted to persons to carry arms, specitfing the date of each order and the name and residence of theperson whose Ecense was so revolked. Mlr. W. IMichell.-Address for return of aU communications on the subject of vaccination, for the years 1851 to the 18th of 1June, 1856 inclusive. made by the Iegistrar-General to the Secretary for the Home Department; and, of all communications on the subiect of vaccination. for the years 1850 to the 1Sth of June, 1856, inclusive. made by the Registrar-General to the President of the Board of Health. Mr. W. Ewrart.-Addregs for returns of the names, with their rank and regiment (or corps), of aU offices of the army who remained in the Crimea from the first landing there til the end of the war; of the names, rank, and regiment (or corps) of those who so remained, with the exception of an interval of absence, stating such interval; of the nalmea, rank, and regiment (or corpsl of those who, arriving at any period after the firt landing, remained tiUl the end of the war, wits the dato Qf their arrival; and. of the names, rank. and regiment (or corps) of aU theoe who left the Crimea before the end ot the war, with the date of their arriTal and departure, and the causes of suoh eliMonslel,-RWmaining Army Estimates (in Committeo of Supply). Mr. Wilson,-Rtemaining Civi Service Estimates (in Committee of Surply). Mr. Peel,-Militia Estimates (in Committee of Supply). Captain L. Vemnn.-On Army Estimates, to move a resolution, that it is the opinion of this Houise that it will be to the advantage of the service to employ general offioers from th scientific corps on the staff of the army. Colonel Drnn,-To move for a select committee to inquire into the method of supplying the Britich army with arms, ammunition, clothing, accoutrements, and aU other requirements, by means of contracts, or by sanyother system. Load Eleho-To move, that an humble address be presented to Her Mfajesty, praying Her Maesty to be gracionaly pleased to issue a Royal Comnuis3iou to determie the site of the new national gaUery, and to report on the dsiablene,ssof combinieg with it the fine artand srchao Egical collections of the British Mu<seum, in accordance with the recommendation joE the Select C omnattee on the National Gallery in Mr. Moore.-That this House has beard with satisfaction that Her Majesty has not found it necessary to suspend diplomatic relations with the United States ; but at the nsmea time feels bound to express its regret that the conduct of Her hlajesty's late Envoy at Washing. ton. directedand sanctioned by Her Majesty's Government, has bheo such as to justify the American authoritiea in delaring him to beat unacceptabl)e repreretativa of Her M.ajesty to their Goveranment, lr.Cowvan.-nEdecationol and 8cienUfilc Vote,-Toask,ititbo intended by ths Government that the vacancy in the chair (f mWitary surgery in the University of Edinburgh, canard by the lamnented death of Sir George Ballingall. about slx months since, sb9' l be soon flUed up, orif the delay that has sinned is in consequenle of the diffleulty of procuring the services of ia genilemaa duly qualfied to dischazr. the duties of that pr.f sir b55?
PROPAGA27OH OP THE GOSPL -ABROAD. Yesterdayafternoon the annual meetingof the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts was held in Williss Rooms, the Archbishop of Canterbury presiding. His Grace was supported by the Bishops of Lichlfeld, St.- AsaeShlisury, .Edinburgh, and Colombo; byArhdeacons Sinclir and Grant; by the Rev. lord John Thynne, the Rev. J. C. Rempe, and other clrpnn Axaon the Ixymen present were Mfr. Gladstone, Sir T Acland, Colonel Lefroy, Mr. Dickenson, and Mr. Cameron, of Toronto. The hall was filled by an audience chiefly composed of ladies. From a paper circulated in themeetingit appear that the society has been engaged for 154 years in endeavouring "to plant the Church of Christ among our countrymen aDroad and among the heathen." North America, the West Indies, India, South Africa, New Zealand, Ceylon. and Borneo are :embraced in the field of its operations. When the Society was first founded there were probably not 20 clergymen of the church of England in those lands. There are now congregations under the pastoral care of 2,965 clergymen, of whom 461, stationed generany in the most destitute places, are assisted by the Society. There have beon established in the British colonies 17 colleges, in which clergymen are educated. To 14 of these the Society lends aid. In 1SM the Society's expenditure was 94,1431., and the demands on its resources increase year by year. The Archbishop of Cm-rEaBuRy, in commencing the proceedings, observed that the purpose of the Society was to enable them, personaly and individually, to advance the kingdom of God inthe world. It was little that man could do towards the accomplishment of that great work, but still God gave to every one an opportunity of showing his faith, his earnestness in the cause of his .aster and his-desire for the best welfare of his fellow-mortals, Both as Englishmen andas Christians, they must be anxious to carry out the objects of the Society. As Christians, they must earnestly desire thatthose heathens who, bytheyrovidcnce of God, had been brought under the domimon of Great Britain should become instructed in the h owledge of the truths leading to everlasting salvation;, while, as Englishmen, they must wish that those of their countrymen who had left their native land should not, together with that land, lose its best and most precious advantages. Already the Society had done much for emigrants and the heathen, but the work was far beyond their present means, aud increased efforts were necessary to meet the growing demands unon their resources. He trusted that those efforts would be ihade, and that the Scciety would be enabled to ursue its operations with augmented vigour and success. ear, hear.) Mr. GLADnSoNE moved the first resolution:- "That the growth and organization of the colonial church and the efforts which it is making for the support of its own clergy and institutions are an encouragement to the Society to persevere in its own special work of foRowing British emigrants and settlers with the ministrations and ordinances of religion." The resolution directed his attention mainly to two pointsfirst, that the Society had a special work; secondly, that that special work was one in which it was encouraged to persevere. They were entitled, without disparagementto other pious institutions, to lay their claims to the special care and support of the nation upon the ground of the pecuLar association that existed between the work of the Society and the destinies of England. ThepropagationoftheGospel was a duty which attached to the Church of Christ wherever it was found; but it had pleased Providence to assign to this country an important part in the promotion of civilization and religion throughout the world. Not one of the nations of Europe,-not that which was now setting to its neighbours, even in the infancy of its frecinstitutions, an example such as would do credit to the miaturest wisdom and experience,-not any of those that could boast of a long past, and whose !names were written in distinction and gloryupon the annals of the world,-occupied the position that had been assigned to England. There were but two countries that appeared to bear within themselves the true expansive principle; and he could not doubt that to England and America it was reserved to oconpy the waste places of the earth, and to imprint upon them the marks of their character, their institutions, and their religion. (Hear, hear.) If such was the mission of England, it followed that a society which provided for the spiritual sustenance of those of her children who went forth to perform her special function upon the face of the globe had peculiar claims upon our attention and support. The emigration of our fellow-countrymen from the shores of England had in almost all ages been due to the pressure of necessity nt home, but of late yearsithad materially altered in its character, -and he rejoiced to say that, in a greatmultitude of cases, it was no longer the pressure of poverty but the hope of advancement which induced some of the most excellent and best conditioned members of the community tobidadieu,withtheirfamilies,totheirnative land for the purpose of propagating the feelings and institutions of Inglishmen in the distant possessions of the British Crown. But if it was consoling to think that the language, character, and institutions of England were likely to be propagated in many countries where as yet even the name of civilization or of religion was scarcely known, it would be melancholy and shameful were it to be said that we sent forth our fellow-countrymen armed with bodily strength and mental vigour to develope the resources of nature and to build up a fabric of secular institutions, but without the means of practising that religion to which we were justly accustomedto trace ourpre-eminenceamongthe nations of Europe. (Hear.) The experience of thepast was full of encouragement. The Society carried upon its brow a century and a-half of years, yet it showed none of the marks of debility attendant upon age, but, on the contrary, had exhibited within the last 20 years a youthful vigour which any institution even of yesterday might envy. (Hear, hear.) About 20 years ago the Society was mainly, though not exclusively, stipeendviary upon the bounty of the State, the administrator of the funds which the House of Commons supplied from year to year forthe sustentation of the clergy iu the North American colonies; the voluntarycontibutions of prvate Christians not amounting to more than 6,0001. or7,0001. But at that time Parliament, on the recommendaton of the Government of the day, somewhat suddenly resolved to withdraw the grant of 16,00. voted onbehoof of the North American clergy-a measure which bore at the moment a most distressing aspect, yet one which the Society had no just reason to regret. Nothing was now received from the State, but the voluntary contributions had been increased from 6,0001. or 7,0001. to 60,0001. or 70,0001., and he did not anticipate the Society wonld stop there. The wealth and resources of the country were not exhausted; the springs of Christianpiety wereinthemselves essentially inexhaustible, and the society had nothing to do but to make its wants kniowii,in order to raise a corresponding sense of duty on the part of the people. (Hear, hear.) They were encouraged to persevere by the growth, organization, and efforts of the colonial church itself. Twenty or 30 years ago there were but few bishops, and those entirely dependent upon the aid of the State, in our colonies. The clergy, including many excellent and devoted men, were placed under circumstances so disadvantageous that it was impossible for them to make full proof of their ministry; andim general there wvas little of an expansive or progressive character manifested in the colonial branch of the church of England. What was the state of things now 9 A real episcopate extended throughout almost the whole of the colomes, and was fed and supported from the same voluntary resources which had so largely inc-eased the funds of their own society-an episcopate which, in its character and apostolic qualifications, was calculated to increase the renown of the church of England in every part of the globe. (Hear, hear.) Ever since the Reformation, it had been made a matter of reproach against the church of England that under the shade of State protection she could live, but, if thrown upon her own resources, the native poverty of the institution would not fail to exhibit itself. That question had been fairly tried in the colonies, and the result was, that in every quarter we saw not only the complete development of the church in its organization and ministry, but a steady and progressive movement on the part of the church towards giving a fixity and efficacy to its own laws and sysbem. (Hear, hear.) Much had been done in New Zealand, while in Melbourne, which 10 years ago was not a colony at all, though now its revenue exceeded that of many not inconsiderable States of Europ, a recent act secured by law to the church the free exercise of its energies in the management of its own concerns. (EHear, hear.) The Canadian Parliament had recently lifted its voice on behalf of the necessity of giving free development to the energies of the church. Everywhere great progress had been made, and, when they recollected how seldom in this world the result equalled the expectation, they had reason to rejoice that during the last 20 years the great object of their society had prospered beyond the most sanguine antiipation. (Hear, hear.) While thankful for the success which had crowned their past labours, he trusted they would not content themselves with what they had already done, but would be encouraged to renew and increase their efforts in the same good work, satisfied that they were contributing at once to the glory of their country and to the advancement of religion. (Cheers.) Mfr. CAOIERON, a member of the Canadian Legislature, seconded the resolution, which was agreed to unanimously. The Bishop of COLONIBO movedthe secondresolution "That the Wise liberality which has of late been evinced by thie iE:ast India Company in grants for the education of their native subjects, and by the Imperial Government in establishing schools and institutions for the purpose of civilizing the wild tribes of South Africs,ca,lls for corresponding efforts on the part of the Society to diffase among them the saving truths of the GospeL" The right rev. prelate eulogized the Marquies of Daahousie for having used his great influence and the large capacities oE his mind to open the Government shols in India to the teachers of religion, and bore a distinct and cordil testimony to the progress of the Christisn policy wvhich now characterized the rule of the East India Compan y. He expressed the hope that the influence o£ their example wiould be felt in his own diocess, where, however, the iabours of this Society had been attended writh: emailcable success, and declared that it was the determination of the clergy in Ceylon to look to the church alone. ead :no to any of the shifting influences of the present dby, for the means of caring on the work of their Master. The Bishop of 1rnDn1uBBsu secoid the resolution, whEich wasw also agreed to mmc7. cam. Archdeacon GScANT proposed.the third and last resolution: "That the new fields for missiomary exertion which have of late been providentially "ened aford a favourable opportunity of extending the kingdom of ChTist among nations to whom lEs name is stilln ." Among the new fields for missionary labour the ven. archdeacon referred to Borneo, China, and our seftlements in Africa as the more important. Tbe firs, lyingbetween the Hindoo sUperstitions and the polytheism and infidelity of China, and atthe sametime touchingthe dreadful idolatries of t'hePolynesian islan&s,ofleredpecularadvantages asafieldfor iiissionary exertiou. A wonderful opening had also been msde e China-that hitherto spellbound land-durin- the last few years. Missionaries might now traverse itS whole extent, and spread the Word of God without physical oppositionorhindrance fromthe ImperialPower. He regarded thereent insurrection as an augury of good. Our duty to the heathen of South Africa could not be mistaken, aua no better opportunity for spreading the Gospel and extending hi n missions could be found than the conclusion ot a peace Ich omised to be a long one. The Rev.A SygONDg, of Madras, desribed thg buqow. ful reaults which had attended the operations of the Society in India, and made an earnest a&pcal for renewed efforts, conrcluding by seconding the resolution, which we carried with aoclmation. On the motion of tne Bishop of Licurin, seconded by Mr. DThCKLxso, a cordialYote of thank wawarded to1is Gracoe the Archbishop. for his valuable serTiees to the Society upon that aud former occasions, and theycoeeedings then terminated.
EAST LIDIA-HOUSE. A quarterly general Court of this company was heM terday at their house n Leadenhael-steet; Coloncl y1ss the Chairman of the Court of Directors in the Ciali. ANN= TO THE mAPQUES OF DAiTEOUSIX The CHainAx.-I have to inform the Court that the' resolution passed by the Court of Pro rietors in favour o£ granting an annuity of 5,0001. to the =arquis of Dalhousie has been approved and confirmed by the Board of Comnmissioners for the Affairs of India. I now request the' secretary to read the communication from the Board. The Secretary then read the following letter:- " India Board, June 5. " Sir,-I am desired by the Commissioners for the Afirs of India to return to you the resolution of the East India Company, granting to the Marquis of Dalhousie, MT., late Governor-General of India, an annuity of 5,000., ap. provedand confimed by the Board of Commissioners forthe =ifirs of India, as attested under the hand of the President of the Board. " The President has great satisfaction in concurring with the Court of Directors and the Court of Propr etors of the East India Company in thus recording their deep sense of the great ability, the extraordinary zeal, and the untiring energy displayed by Lord Dalhousie in all departments of the Indian Gover=nent. "The Board request that the resolution may be imme. diately submitted to both Houses of Parliament. *I am, &c., "G. CsEuuXs "Sir . 0. Ielvill, LC.B." (Loud cheers.) The CHAiRmAx.-A letter has also been received from the Marquis of Dalhoubie, dated June 13, 15=, which will also be read. The Secretaty then read the following letter:- "London, June 13. " Sir,-I have had the honour of receiving t~he letter in which you do me the favour of informing me that the Hon. Cortof i)rectors, after reviewing my administration of the afairs of India, and asa special ark of approvA, have resolvedto grant to me an annuity of 5,-0001; and that their resolutionhas received the sanction of the General Court of Proprietors, and the confirmation of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India. "Irequest you, Sir, to be so good as to convey to the Hon. Court the respectful expression of my gratitude for the munificent reward with which they have been pleased to recompense my services, and still more for the approbation and confidence of which it is the token. "1 Consciors that I laboured faithfully for the Eon. Company -while I served it, but conscions also of many omissions and imperfections in what I have attempted to do, I receive with feelings of the deepest satisfaction the signal proof which the Hon. Court have given of their contentment with my publc conduct. I shall never cease to retain a lively sense of the obligations which I owe to the Hon. Court for the constant and generous suuprt they afforded to me while administering the affairs of fndia, and it is my sincere and earnest prayer that those great interests in the. East which are intrasted to them may continue to prosper in their hands. " I have, &c., "DALuousr "To the Chairman of the Hon. East India " Company." DIVrID1-DS. The CHAnRsAmr announced that the warrants for the half-yearly dividends due on East India Stock would be delivered on the 7th of July next. The Committee of Bylaws was reappointed. TROPUNTON'S GAZMTEER OF n,-DIA. Mr. Lgww said, his proposition was, that the Court of Directors should take measures for supplying to each proprietor (who might demand a copy within six months) a copy of Zhornton's Gazettcer of India in the amended form proposed at a former Court. The object he had in making this motion was not so much to place a copy of the work in the hands of the proprietors as it wAs that a copy should be in the possession of every person in the Comyanuys service. He deemed this to be essentially necessary, and if the Court were to express that opinion to the Board of Control he believed that, in the result, that Board would yield to the -wishes of the proprietors. One great object vas to promote new editions of the work, wnich would necessarily greatly cheapen the cost. The hon.proprietorsaid that he mnew the work had been esteemed of great value by those who went out to India. One strong argument in favour of issuing this publication was, that every year would necessarily call forth a new edition from the constantly increasing interest which the affairs of India would possess in this country, and the rapid development that was taking place in that empire, both mn its industrial and com,nercal appliances. The hon. gentleman concluded by 3noving:- " That the Court of Directors do take measares for supplying to each proprietor (who may demand a copy within six months) a copyof Thorntoz's Gaz'cr of liadi, in the amended form proposed at a former quarterly Court." Mr. BBowx seconded the motion. The CffAir. said, no doubt the work referred to by the hon. proprietor was an exceedingly valuable one, especially to those who went out to India; but the motion of the hon. proprietor was not that a copy should be supplied to persons going to India, but that it should be put into the hands of the proprietors. He quite concurred in the opinion of the hon. proprietor that every facility should be given to circulate this work among the proprietors and all those who were interested in the East India Company's affairs. This opinion had been previously expressed, and the Court of Directors still entertained the same feeing. Nlo doubt there would be a constant sale of the work, and if Trduced to onevolume it would become purchaseableto every one. But it was quite another thing to say that the Coart .should supply every one going to India with a copy of the wsork at the Company's expense. This wvas a proposition without any foundation whatever. As far as the Court was concerned, they vwere quite ready to render every assistance to promote the circulation of the work, but the Court of Directors had no funds. Mr. Lmvz begged to remind the hon. Chairman that there was a sum of 2,0001. a-year applicable to the purchasing of books to be distributed among the proprietors. The CLAXRIIAx suggested that, after the strong intimation he had given of the feeling of the Court of Directors on this subject, it would be better for the hon. proprietor to leave the matter in their hands. Mr. Lxmru said, if it was the pleasure of the Court that he should withdraw his motion he would do so. The CiAirnvAx.-I am satisfied that Mr. Lewin will promote his own object by the course he has now taken. The motion was then vithdravmn. THE CASE OF SIR JOHN X'CS Mr. Jo-.,s again brought forward the claim of the widow of the late Sir John lI'Casidl for the payment of the divisional allowances due to her late husband for his services in Affghanistan. The hon. proprietor reiterated the circumstances, which have been repeatedly before the Court, on which the claim of Lady ZCaskill was iounded, and enforced that claim by a very strenuous appeal to the symnathies of the Court of Directors, both on the ground that Sir John 3ICaskiII had lost his life in battle and that hi. -widowaand five children wereleftwhollyunpro.ided for. The hon. roprietor entered verv fully into all the transactions in which Sir John M?Caskill was engaged, and contended that he was fully entitled to the alloowance of a divisional commander, which it was the intention of the GovernorGeneral who appointed him that he shoulM receive. The hon. proprietor concluded by moving:- " That the divisional allowances due to. the late Sir John ArCasldil for his services in Affghnistan, under Sir George Pollock, be paid to his widowv." The motion was seconded by Mr. V,%ISlTTAI1T. The CHAxnSIxw declined entering into the details of the ease, because the question ha4 been already thoroughly discussed, and he therefore contented himaself with meeting the motion with a direct negative. After some discussion, in which maxy hon. proprietors took part, the motion was put and negatived. MIr. JoNEzs then demanded a ballot * which, on the requisition of nine proprietors, was appoiedto tske place oL. Tnesday, the 1st of July next. The Court then adjourned.
LONDON, THURSDAY, JUNE 19, 1856. In the House of Commons yesterday, at the time of private business, the jdebate upon the consideration of the report on the Nawab of Surat Treaty Bill, adjourned last WedneSday, was resumed. Sir F. KILLY moved that the bill be read a third tune. IMEr. V. SMrrn, after objecting to the form in which this question was brought before the House, that of a private bill, proposed, on behalf of the Indian Government, that, on condition that the bill was withdrawn, the whole pension of a lac and a- half of rupees (or l5,OOOz.) a-year ahouldl be paid to the descendants of the 1awab for the lives of the partie Mr. CA w=Tv, chairman of the comaittee, after giving a clear exposition of the history of the whole trnsaction, advised that the pension should bo regarded as hereditary, but that it should be placed in the hands of trustees, to be paid to the bona fide claimants. Ultimately the bill was ordered to be read a third time. In reply to Major REED, Mr. BAniE stated that, out of regard to the public interests, he intended to give up his motion (which stood for this day) on the subject of enlistment of aoldiers from neutral States. Mr. G. H. MooRE said in that case he should take the sense of the House upon the question on the first opportunity. The House then went into committee upon the Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland) Bill, the clauses of whicn were discussed and agreed to. Mfr. NArxxt, in moving the second reading of the Poor Law (Ireland) Bill, explained its object, which was to remedy a serious grievance under the esisting law. Mr. J. D. Frrz(; Axm moved that the debate be adjourned, and this motion was agreed to. The other orders having been disposed of, on the motion that the House do adjourn, Mr. C. FOnTEScUE, referring to the vote on Tuesday night, on the subject of national education in Ireland,-which he termed an unfortunate vote, obtained by accident, and which, so far from aiming at a slight modification of the existing system, would directly subvert it,-inquired wvhether the Government would fix an early day for re-considering it. Lord PA1~ESTom said he quite conculrred with MIr. FOxRTSCuE as to the evil effects of that decision, and that the vote did not represent the real sentim ents of the House of Commons. HIe thought the matter of such importance that no unnecessary delay should interpose between its re-consideration, for which he was ready to fix Monday next. The House then adjourned.
It is impossible to foresee the ultimate effects of the CRAmanToN quarrel. No one who is not profoundly ignorant of human nature can suppose that such an act can have no ulterior results beyond the dismissal of one Ambassador and the toleration of another. Although diplomacy may smooth the asperities of the rupture, and policy may dictate acquiescence in an affront, there are consequences which, as neither of the two Governments has considered, so neither of them will be able to modify or divert. Whenever Englishmen and Americans meet-whether abroad or in British possessions-there will be for some time to come ill-disguised consciousness of a triumph on one side and ili-smothered sentiments of resentful humiliation on the other. How long feelings of this nature can predominate without leading to some awkward practical development it is not for us to say; but it is clear that their long repression during peace must add intensity to tho exasperation of any fuitre more open conflict. That such a catastrophe would be embittered by the recollections of the recent dispute, and that these would tend to rmagnify calamities in themselves sufficiently great, seems to be the idea of a leading party in the United States, who have taken an early opportunity to make a demonstration against the anti-English adherents of Mr. PIEZCE. The Democratic Convention has nominated as its candidate for the Presidency Mr. BUoHXAN, in preference to the present occupant of the White-house. Although this selection is not, indeed, so indicative of a pacific and inoffensive policy as could be desired, it, at all events, proves that the whole people of the United States are not inspired by that hatred of Great Britain which animated the counsels of M1r. Pncuc and his Cabinet. Of the two men proposed for their selection, they are better pleased with the cleverness of BuoaANAx than the open hostility of PIEBCE. BucILANAN has " done" the Britisher; PIERCF would eat him, bones and alL The former accords better with the present humour of the American people. They can chuckle over the clever address which killed two birds with one stone, and reconciled the amenities of diplomacy here with the pretensions of patriotism there. But they are not at present disposed to sympathize generally with the more truculent predilections which savour of the bowie-knife and the rifle. For this we may be thankful, not only on our own account, but on theirs too. The unanimity which would have re-elected Mr. PIERCE to the Presidential chair must have involved as a certain consequence tho assumption of a policy pregnant with violence, aggression, and insult. It would have proclaimed to the world that henceforth the Government of the 'United States was pledged, and the people of the United States were devoted, to a system which, while it defied or violated the usual laws of international intercourse, at the same time coined fresh laws for its own convenience or pride; and it would not be difficult to foresee that such a system, once permitted through weakness or encouraged by connivance, must sooner or later lead to a rupture writh European States, and, among them, with this country. And what a war that would be! We forbear to detail the peculiar means of mutual annoyance which each of the contending parties could bring into the field. We forbear to compute the items of injury which they might respectively inflict and suffer :-on the one hand, Boston, New York, and New Orleans dismantled, shattered, depopulated, and in flames; on the other, Liverpool, Manchester, and Birmingham subjected not to the same indignities, but to equal misery, by the loss of their trade. We leave to the commercial imagination-an imagination which in our days is more active than any other-to reckon the losses, the bankruptcies, the ruin of private families and of associations, which must follow such a struggle. That both countries could survive the strife and in a very short time repair their losses is probable enough; but what time would suffice to heal reciprocated injuries and cool the hot torrent of angry passions? More important far than this-for it concerns not two nations only, but all. civilized Europe,-. after England and her Transatlantic child had inflicted these deep and searching wounds on each other-when each had drunk madly of the other's blood-what would be the prospects of European liberty ? At the present moment a dark thick cloud hangs over Italy, Germany, Servia, and Turkey. It is on the cast of the die that they rise free from their time-hardened bondage, or that their fetters be rivetted more tightly for ever. At such a crisis is it of no slight moment that the two kindred nations who enjoy the greatest freedom of speech, thought, and institutions should be embroiled in a warfare which would bequeath the bitter legacy of enduring and rancorous hatred? It is no secret that the great sovereign Powers of Europe, who look with dread and detestation upon those institutions which give to the governed a voice in the government of their country-and this definition includes nearly all the great Powersare meditating a project for smothering the nascent liberties of those States where thought is not yet stifled by the censor nor speech falsified by the si.j. A dexterously concerted plan of operations may strangle the young liberties of Europe, and throw its people back into the darL-ness and degradation of the middle ages. Once done, this cannot be umdone. But, to do this, one thing is especially needful as a precedent condition. It is, above aU things, necessary that England should be either distracted or debilitated by some engrossing and dangerous contest. Whatever diverts her attention, drains her resources, or endangers her influence gives an accession of strength to the monarch who hates liberty and every tyrant who abuses his power. But how great does this accession become if her energies are consumed in a parricidal quarrel with that kindred race, which, with her language and blood, has inherited her traditions of law, Liberty, and selfgovernment ! What would not the despotic sovereigns give to see England and the United States committed to a long and desolating war ! Such a strife would seal the fate of free institutions for centuries; perhaps for ever. It would crush the germ of constitutionalism in Sardinia. It would consign the fair provinces of Rome and Tuscany to the eternal sway of a priestly caste and Austrian soldiers. It would give full rein to the barbarous caprices of the Neapolitan tyrant. It would strangle Protestantism in Austria. It would destroy free speech and action everywhere; and would leave no hope, no resource, no redress, save in the wild outburst of desultory insurrection or the capricious vengeance of the cowardly stiletto ! We know not if these things have been considered by the American people. If they have not been so, they are at least worthy of their meditation. DMeanwhile, we venture to regard as an indication of less pronounced hostility the demonstrative preference which they have given to the civil diplomatist over the martial and bellicose President.
We have no doubt that we shall address ourselves to Mr. WA.oLa's profoundest convictions, and give him no little pleasure, when we express our belief that his victory on Tuesday night is the most splendid instance of successful boldness on record. The boldness consists in quietly proposing to the House of Commons to fling away a principle which it has now repeatedly and steadfastly affirmed for a quarter of a century, without a single pretence for the sacrifice which could not be pretended twenty years ago, and with the case for the principle stronger than ever it was. The success consists in a majority of ten in favour of an address to HBR MAaBTY asking her to make the sacrifice in question. As to the way in which the House of Commons stultified itself in this fashion, it is an old story. The QuaEx had a State Ball, and a hundred or two of the meimbers were at Buckingham Palace admiring the new rooms and the company, and thinking it a pleasanter place than their own dingy House. Thus only 103 members could be found to maintain a principle which, if not part of the British constitution, is at least necessary to that toleration which is one of its principal features. Mr. WAroLEl did not pretend to make a case for his motion which could not have been made any time these twenty years. He was even forced to admit that his Church schools, for which he asked the assistance of the Board, had year by year fewer Roman Catholic scholars, till the number now in them was insignificant as compared with the population of Ireland. Indeed, it is hard to say whether he meant by his figures to show that there wasno dangerof proselytizing whenthe youngPapists in their hands were so few, or seriously to parade those few as the proof of a "combined" instruction. Without describing the education now given in the Church schools; without stating that a single child in Ireland was now left uneducated for want of what he asked; without saying a word against the education in the National schools, or the present working of the Board; without one substantial consideration of any sort whatever, he stood up and proposed to the House of Commons suddenly to abandon a position it has maintained almost ever since the Reform Act with immense and undeniable advantage; and the House of Commons as suddenly agreed to the proposal. One has heard of sudden and astoundding delinquencies, of reputations blown in a day, and virtue sapped in an hour. One has heard of acts only to be accounted for on the hypothesis of mental aberration. It is a French saying that at the age of forty men get tired of honesty, and women of something else. Had the House of Commons the conscience and responsibility of an individual, this would be the sort of account we should give of the present extraordinary exhibition. But the QuFness Ball, and Mr. Hons:tYA3's previous affair with the Irish members, and that general laxity which comes on in June, and is apt to get worse in July, are the true account in this instance. The principle which Mr. WALroLn aslked the House to surrender is, that, granting public money for the purpose of education, it will secure as much as possible against the grant being misapplied to the purpose of proselytism. No doubt, an absolute security is impossible. All that Parliament can do is to take care that the schools it supports shall not be regular traps, and that the children who attend them, and the parents and guardians of the children, shall have the fullest use of these schools, for all purposes other than religious, without being compelled or unfairly influenced to comply with the peculiar doctrines of the schooL Any Irish child may now go to a National school, receive very good instruction in reading, writing, and arithmetic, and a good deal more, including select portions of the Scriptures, for four hours a-day. When these four hours are over the schoolmaster may begin to teach in one place the Church Catechism, in another the Assembly's, in another the Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible, in another some Roman Catholic manual; and in these cases a third or a half of the children may walk out of the school, because one is a Roman Catholic, the other a member of the Established Church, another a Presbyterian, or something else. They need neither learn nor listen to the obnoxious instruction. They go to their own teachers or amuse themselves, but they are not answerable to the school for those hours, be they spent well or ill, religiously, usefully, or idly. The Presbyterians, who obtained long ago a relaxation of the first more rigorous rule, at a certain time begin to teach their own religion in the schools, when the children of other communions -Walk out, if they please, and the stern Presbyterian managers simply shut their eyes and affect to know nothing about it. However, they would forfeit all assistance from the Board if they called the children back, or punished their non-attendance in the hours of religious instruction. Tlis, then, is no excoeption to the principle, but rather a corroboration of it. In no school in Ireland assisted by the National Board ls a child required to attend instruction in any particular doctrines, and we presume that if a case could be made out of this character the grant would be forfeited. Under this system education has manifestly increased and improved in Ireland, and it cannot be said that religion has declined All sides have been able to boast of fair progress, and certainly the Established Church has had nothing to complain of in the results of the last twenty years. But this system, so successful, so unexceptionable, so satisfactory to all parties, and offering so great a contrast to the furious polemics of the last generation, Mr. WALPOLE asked the House suddenly to give up, to throw overboard w-ithout any reason whatever, umless it be a reason for giving up a system that it has worked o well that wo can now do without it. Lest it should be replied that Mr. WAroTTC did give reasons, and that we choose to shut our eyes to them, we will just say what he did give. He gave the example of the Presbyterian non-vested schools. Bht he cannot pretend, and does not pretend, that he and his friends will be content with the concession obtained by the Presbyterians. In the schools of that communion, in qualified conne)ion with the Board, as soon as the teacher takes up the Bible, or the Assembly's Catechism, or any religious book, other than those authorized by the Board, the child may walk out, and, for anything that we know, usually does. He does not even listen to the master or minister expounding or lecturing or talking, but off he goes to his priest or his clergyman, or after his own affairs. The schoolmaster and the managers of the school pocket the insult and the Parliamentary grant. Mlr. WArPoLE, however, requires that all who go to the schools embraced in the terms of his motion shall sit and listen to all the religious instruction the authorities of the school shaUl choose to give them, whether in the shape of sermons, or lessons to be read by the children themselves, or conversation. He reserves entirely for the managers the mode of religious instruction. The whole of the concession he is prepared to make,-the whole of the restriction he will submit to, is t'hat " no children shall "be compelled to learn any catechism, creed, or "formulary to which any parent or guardian may "object." But he utterly refuses to tie the hands of the teachers as to the general character of the doctrines they may teach the whole school, or the mode in which they may inculcate those doctrines. The alleged paraUlel of the Presbyterian schools, then, falls to the ground, for the simple reason that MIr. WALPOLE himself is not content with it, but wants a great deal more. His only other argument is a reference to the principles admitted by the House of Commons in the matter of education in England. Here, however, the case, be it for better or for worse, is entirely different. We have no case of two comm1nions waging an internecine war one with another, and eager to proselytize by all manner of means. WVe have no fearful complication of religious and political feuds. Education, indeed, is not in the best case, and we have still to seek for a system, if one can be found, that shall invite and embrace the whole rising generation. But the wealth is not in one communion and the popuilation in another, and our clergy are generally content to teach religion in a quiet uncontroversial manner. Indeed, Mfr. WAoPox himself was evidently aware that the example of England would bear scrutiny as little as that of the Presbyterians; for, having stated them both with great pomp at the opening of his speech, he speedily left them, and went into the narrows and shoals of Irish controversy. Men trip lightly on the stone tnat will just serve tbem for a step, and no more, and that was all the use Mr. WAI?orx ventured to make of his two parallels. The House of Commons will, when it has recovered from its surprise, require some better arguments before it abandons a long proved and successful system; and Mr. WAi.oL. will have to show them, if he can.
England possesses at this moment, or rather did possess two or three weeks ago, the best army, for its numbers, the best navy, the best arms, great and small, the best fleet of transports, the best corps of military labourers, the best commissariat, the best material of all kinds, and, above all, the best militia and the best foreign legion, in the world. To these it must be added that she possessed, even after a costly war, the best Exchequer, the best credit, and the most unbroken public spirit in the world. We might add a few more superlatives, and, if we come to an end, it is that memory, rather than the resources of our country, fails us. The PmRr had only to give the signal, and the people were ready-.too ready-to rush into war, without much consideration of the consequences. Al of a sudden England has laid down her arms, disbanded her legions, returned her fleets to harbour and her arms to store. While an act of IParliament still empowers the Minister to Leep under arms a quarter of a milion of men, and everything else in proportion, the army is suddenly reduced to 105,000 men, with a viewvto its ultimate reduction to 95,000 ; the militia is disembodied, and the foreign legion dismissed with thanks, money, and the option of a colony. The vote for the army is reduced from 34,000,0001. to 20,000,0001., with little explanation, and with members rising up in a half serious tone to expostulate at so prodigious a retrenchment. On the night when this estimate is moved the only debate is on some inconsistencies captiously ascribed to the FiTsr LORD of the ADnARUTY and the UIwDER-SEORETA2RY of WAiR as to the locality of the army-a point about which no one really doubts, or cares to doubt, or cares to inquire, inasmuch as everybody can know for the asking. Mr. DisAr.A brings out that the Chief Clerk of the Ordnance is not in his place; he challenges the FrRST LORD of the Am ALArTYr in vain to appear and defend his veracity, and elicits that even the sleepless and ever-Dresent FIsT LoED of the Tru.survy has been absent on an Estimate night. Such was the mood of the House and the frame of men's -minds at the moment when England, like a wearied giant, is throwvin off her arms and lying down. Fatigue has even led to something like a prostration of spirit. She is not, indeed, dying like the lion in the fable, but rather tired, and takes a kickl from the jackass on the other side of the salt water with wonderful equanimity. There she rests, like grandpapa, who, having dined and taken his glass, and thrown his handkerchief over his head, composes himself for a nap, but finds himself suddenly assailed by a lively young granddlaughter, who wants a ride on his gouty leg, an inspection of his watch, or a trial of his spectacles, and, when these resources are exhausted, a pull at his straggling locks, anld the derangement oi his raufies. Such is the sleepy, dreamy, goodnatured, seLf-contented lassitude of Old England at this moment, while she is allowing herself to be quietly disarmed. Well, it must be so. We cannot be always fighting. Many a man is obliged to swallow an indignity because he has just got out of one row, and cannot for appearance' sake plunge suddenly into another. But when the fit of peace is over, and when our saucy neighbours, far or near, begin to presume upon our forbearance, we may have to wake up, shake off our torpor, and ap pear once more in the field. So, what is to be done with our defences ? Are they to be laid by, to be allowed to rust, to stick in the scabbard, to moulder in the arsenal, to rot in the harbour, to stupefy in the barrack,-to do all these things, and more, in the Admiralty and Horse Guards? No. Happily, just at the moment we have resigned ourselves, as we think, to a few years' repose, we have had a taste of what we have a right to expect, if we do not defend ourselves. Let us take a hint from our rough tutor over the way, keep our swords sharp, and our powder dry. Our army must be reduced numerically to a peace establishment, but that is another thing from relapsing into our old ideas, inherited from the days of L=vERPooL and SIDMoTTH, of using the army to keep the oountzY quiet, and making it do the duty of police. It v not to be split up into police stations, as our provincial barracks were generally regarded, but kept in divisions and brigades. It is to be exercised3 and trained to all the duties of an army. Foe the future, instead of having to learn everything when it finds itself in the presence of the enemy, it is to have nothing to learn. So, at least, we interpret the professions that -we hear. The soldier istobe made as good an instrument of war as money, teaching, and trauiing can do for him. He ought, indeed, to be taught everything that he can be taught, and that he can turn to account. He ought to be able to dispense with all the trades and professions of peace, and do everything for himself. This ought to be one use of camps, as opposed to the suburban barrack. We cannot, indeed, make artificial privations, for we must not bring our men to death's door, but it will be simple kindness to teach them betimes to bear and do what they must bear and do in actual war. 'When one considers that in the last war 20,000 men died of disease, cold, hunger, nakedness, and such ordinary causes, while less than a fifth of that number were killed by the enemy, one sees that the duties of self-preservation are of primary importance in war, not falling below the art of killing the enemy. Indeed, it apPears that if we improve so far as to be able simply to keep ourselves alive in the presence of the foe, while he does not improve in this respect, we must conquer him by mere vitality, by a proper use of meat, drink, clothing, and housing; for while he is perishing by thousands we shall simply survive. Such, indeed, is the story of many a campaign, for there is no point in which great Generals have so much excelled as in the art of teaching their soldiers to take care of themselves, and keep themselves alive, well, and strong. As for the militia, it must be disembodied, for it is no longer wanted either as a substantive force or a means of enlisting for the army. But, if it must be disembodied, we see no wisdom, certainly no acquaintance with rural industry and the requirements of the seasons, in the complaint as to the sudden haste in which the militiamen are thrown on the cauntry. Of all months in the year, June, with the hay harvest in immediate prospect, and the corn harvest soon to follow, is the best time for throwing a youth on his resources, with some chance of permanent occupation. At al events, September, which some hon. member suggested the other night, is the very worst. Just now any strong active lad can earn more at any farmer's work than he could by soldiering; so the sooner the militia is returned to its original ooupations the better for it, for the farmers, and for everybody else. As for the unfortunate Foreign Legion, we are sorry enough to see so great an effort, and, we must add, so successful a result, suddenly come to nought. We could wish that a portion at least could be retained, as an example of thoroughly professional soldiers, and a nucleus for a future force of this kind. But we are aware that when a large portion of our own army must be disbanded, and as many as 700 meritorious young officers thrown upon half-pay, it is impossible to retain foreign soldiers and officers. Of course, not one of them should be alloweed to suffer for the devotion of his services to a righteous and noble cause. In any future warand futiure wars there certainly will be-nothing will bring foreigners so thiCkly to our standard as the lnowledge that many by this means have arrived at comfort, independence, even -wealth and honour, in our colonies or elsewhere. Whatever is done, care should be taken to make the creation of a new army as easy as can be made. This can only be done by providing a thoroughly good nucleus of real soldiers, a good word from all whom we have employed, and, by that means, ample credit among the populations of the world. We have only to make our service as pleasant and honourable as our cause is good.
The Circumlocution-office may well be proud of the power it exercises. It has, as we all know, strong capacities for obstruction, and uses them to the astonishment of England and England's antipodes. It is not given to all men to defeat the improvements of modern science, and to check communication between the extremities of the empire. From the beginning of the late war until the present moment the postal intercourse between the Australian colonies and the mother country has been all but paralyzed. We need not expatiate upon the frightful inconvenience which has resulted from this state of things. Commercial transactions of the greatest magnitude have been brought to a standstill; or, if operations have been continued, certain loss and bankruptcy have been the rewards of il-timed enterprise. At first there was no disposition on any side to murmur at that which seemed to be an inevitable consequence of an unavoidable war. We knew weU enough when we entered upon hostilities that many Englishmen would be killed and many ruined, and that, at any rate for a time, there must be a dislocation of our usual marine postal arrangements. All this was bad enough, but men who had cast in their lot with England were content to take the rough with the smooth. For a long time past, however, any such necessity has ceased to exist. The passage from London or Southampton to Aden, at the southern extremity of the Red Sea, has been as clear as the passage from Folkestone to Boulogne. There has not, as far as we are aware, existed any greater difficulty in finding steamships for the transmission of letterbags between the points named than exists at this moment between the Channel ports. All that was required was a temporary arrangement between Aden and King George's Sound, by way of the MIauritius-if Diego Garcia were not at once available-or, indeed, by any other route which might present' the fewest practical difficulties for immediate solution. Any ordinary commercial house engaged in foreign trade would within 4S hours have made some contrivance for tiding over the obstacle. Things are managed in a more discreet manner in the Circumlocution-office. The Iast advicesfrom Australia are nearly 100 days old. It is in vain that all mercnants engaged inthe Australian trade have held meeting after meeting. It is ia vain that theylhave memorialized the Government, that they have complaiixed of the unneceesary inconvenience to which they have been subjected, and have pointed out the facility with which a remedy might have been found. Nor have the complaints been confined to this country alone. From the Australian colonies remonstrances of the most vigorous k-ind have been despatchedho}me. Nor L-ve these remonstrances been mere expressions of puling discontent. The petitioners have said, "Give us the accommodation we require, "and we are willing to contribute large sutm- 5so much, and so much-as our proportion of the "cost." The Tery liberality and straightforwardness of their own offers have been turned against them. The Circumlocution gentlemen have been of opinion that the least degree of respect that could be shown to the colonists, in order to mark our sense of their liberality, was to consult them upon the specific manner in which their money should be expended. Hence a delightful series of references between England and the antipodes; hence queries and counter-queries, notes and additional notes, representations, misrepresentations and cotnter-representations, memorials and marginal comments upon memorials, which seemed
COURT CIRCULAR. major-General Sir William Fenwick WiUiams had the honour of being presented to Her Majesty by the Earl of Clarendon at the bal on Tuesday evening. The Queen was condacted by Earl Spencer, the Lord Steward, at a quarterpast 12 o'clock, to the banquetting-room, where a state supper was served. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, with the Royal visitors, afterwards returned to the ball and concert-room, where the Queen remnained until 2 o'clock. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent visited Her ?dajesty yesterday at Buckingham Palace. The Queen went in the afternoon to witness the opening of the great fountains at the Crystal Pzaace. 3Ier Majesty and Prince Albert, the Regent of Baden, Prince Frederick William of Prussia, the Prince of Wales, the Princes3 Royal, the Princess Alice, with the Duchess of Atholl, Lady Caroline Barrington, Lord Rivers, Lieutenant-General Baron Sclireckenstein, Colonel Baron Seutter, Lord Charles Xitzroy, and Captain the Hon. D. de Res, left Buckingham Palace at 20 minutes past 4 o'clock in four open carriages and four, escorted by a detachment of the 3d Light Dragoons. Her Majesty and the Royal Darty returned from Sydensaia to the Palace at a quarter to 8 o'clock. Prince Arthur and the Princesses Helena and Louisa took a drive in an open carriage and four. In the evening the Queen and Prince Albert, with the Regent of Baden and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, honoured the performance of Madame Ristori in Arfaria atuarda, at the Lyceum Theatre, with their presence. The Royal suite consisted of the Duchess of Atholl, the Hon, lucy Kerr, Lord Rivers, Lieutenant-General Baron Schreckenstein, Baron de Gemmingen, Lord Charles Fitzroy, and Cantain the Hon. D. de Ros. The Duchess of Atholl has succeeded Lady Macdonald as the Lady in Waiting to Her Mlajesty. The Countess de Nenilly and the DuL-e and Duchess de Nemours visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent yesterday at Clarence-house, St. James's. The Duchess of Glocester also paid a visit to the Royal Duchess. Her R.oyal Highness the Duchess of Kent, attended by Lady Anna Maria Dawison, *-isited the Duchess of Glocester last eveming at Glocester-house. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat yesterday. The hearing of " Longmaid's Patent (Akali)" was resumed. The Lords present were the ChanceUor of the Duchyof Cornwall, Sir William Maule, Sir J. Patteson and!Sir E. Ryan. Desnatches were received at the Colonial-office yesterday from the Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands.
A. Cabinet Council was held yesterday afternoon at theForeign-oflice, Downing-street. The Ministers present were Viscount Palmerston, the Iord Chancellor, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, Mr. Secreiary Labouchere, Lord Pan3nure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles WVood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Duke of Argyll, and the Right Hon. M. T. Baines. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of Bank of England notes to the amount of 50!. due to the Exchequer for income-tax, from " IV. B." Also a pound's worth of postage stamps and the first half of a 51.-note on account of unpaid leaacy duty, fronm " Conscience." TiLE 3LtILS.-The Canadian Mail Company's steamship North America sailed yesterday from Liverpool For Montreal, with 147 passengers, and a fair cargo. THE AmErEICAN- l.LILS.-SounTHAIPoN, June 18. -The United States' mail steamer Herniann, Captain EHigins, .sailed to-day with the German, French, and English mails, about 150 passengers, and an average cargo. THE MAMERICAN DIFFICULTY.-A number of Arimerican vessels yesterday in the port of Liverpool made a display of both mnerican and English flags as a token of gratification at the probable friendly termination of the recent ditliculties. EXHIBITION OF ART TBEAsuBti AT 1M1ANcHESTER. -The execative committee, having observed several notices in the papers, published without their authority, conveying an erroneoos impression that the selection of a site and plans fer a building have been finally decided upon without reference to the subscribers to the guarantee fund, desire to have it stated that no final decision on either of these points has been made, aiid that their recommendations will be submitted to a general meeting of subscribers, to be called. together so saon as the negotiations are brought into a sufficiently matured state. It seems further desirable to correct a rnisapprehension wihich b.as prevailed to the effect that the intenden exhibition will include specimens of ornamental mnanufactures as well as objects of art, strictly so called. It is obviously difficult to define in precise terms the limits within which the selection of articles for exhibition will be confined; but it may be stated that it is the design of this exhibition to afford an opportunity of collecting in one Jbuilding specimens of the best and most highly valued treasures of art existira nu the hands of private proprietors throughout the country, and not of eliciting competition among the manufactarers of the united kingdom in contriinting specimens of articles manufactured for rale. Tixz NAwAB oF StTP.UT.-Two bulky documents just published contain the minutes of evidence taken before the Select Committee on the Nawab of Surat Treaty Bill. COPPEB, ZINC, AND TIn.-Last year there were imported 58,09 tons of copper ore, while 27 tons of British copper ore and 16,658 tons of British copper were exported; G,8Y3 tons of copper were exported from London alone, and 5,461 from Liverpool. 1,612 tons of tin were imported, and 84 of tin ore, and 1,347 exported; 17,852 tons of zinc or spelter wvere imported, and 236 tens of the oxide of zinc, while 2,.516 tons of British zinc were exported; of lead *,246 tons of pig and sheet lead were imported, and 5G4 ons of lead ore; 20,466 of pig and rolled lead; 1,681 of sot, 230 of iitharge, 1,781 of red lead, and 3,008 of white ad, were exported. LOh-DON GENERAm OOSumus CoMPANy..J-Traffic eipts for the week ending Juno 14, 9,7841, 93, 5d.
AMERICA. (FROM OUR OWN CORBESPODENT.) (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) LIVERPOOL, WIDNESSDAY EEv>NWG, JUNE 18. The United States' steamship Baltic has arrived with advices from New York to the 7th inst. She has brought 203 passengecs, and $1,620,047 specie on freight. At noon, on the 15th inst., the Baltic passed the At'antic in lat. 49 16, long. 26 31, bound West. The Niagara, hence, had arrived at Boston, and the Washington, from Southampton, at New York. The Democratic National Convention at Cincinnati had terminated its labours by electing unaninously on the 17th, by balot, James Buchanan, of Pennsylvania, President, and John C. Breckenridge, of Kenltucky, Vice-President, on the second ballot. The newvs of the nomination of Nlr. Buchanan caused considerable commotion among the Democratic politicians in the city. Guns were fired in the park in half an hour after the result was known, and during the day salvoes of artillery. Similar demonstrations were made aU over the country. The Newa York Journal of Commerce, commenting upon Mr. Buchanan's unanimous election by the Democratic party, says:- "Its prompt selection by a unanimous vote of a candidate for the highest dignity in the Republic indicates an agreement of opinion in the great Democratic party of the ccuntrythatwould hardly have been thought to exist by those who listen to the noise of popular tumult, and look only at the surface to discern the tendencies of the national mind. The baUotings in the Convention in. dicate no divided councils nor any con'fict of interest among its members or the constituencies whom they represent, and they show no such tenacity of personal preference in favour of one candidate or the other as wiU be likely to damp the ardour or cool the enthusiasm in the canvass of those who yielded their predilections in deference to the majority. The Convention was unanimous in the declaration of principles, for the maintenance of which they appeal to the voters of the Republic, and -they have selected a man possessing views and qualifications such as to commend him to the confidence of the people, and as, on the whole, the worthiest exponent and the ablest and most reliable champion of the great dootrines of constitutional right, republican equality, and popular soverignty." It concludes:- " The appointment is wel received by the public goneraUy. 3rr. Buchanan's election will be considered a guarantee for domestic quiet on the basis of the constitafor friendly relations with foreign Powers. We think we can promise him a liberal support from the commercial community of this city." IMxr. Breckenridge was a member of the last Congress, and is designated as a strong man. He is said to have been nominated as Minister to Spain, but declined the honour. He wai first elected to Congress from a Whigs district in a contest with General Leslie Coombs; he is a nephew of the celebrated Presbyterian clergyman, the Rev. Robert J. Breckenridge. The Washington correspondence of the Nevw York7 Herald states that the nomination of Buchanan was hailed with great enthusiasm by the democracy there, and that President Pierce bore his defeat with becoming grace, and that he accepts the votes he received from the south as a sufficient assurance of the nationality of his Administration, and eulogizes the nomination of Mr. Buchanan as safe for the democracy, and a deserved compliment to the nominee. It attributestheunanimous election of Mr. Buchanan to the withdrawal of his name by Judge Douglas. The Newv York Herald ignores the election of MIr. Buchanan, anticipates one of the most exciting, tumultuous, and revolutionary political contests in all the history of the Republic. It puts in italic the following "We have no doubt of the fact that a vast majority of the American people in the present distracted condition of the country are opposed to the Democratic party, as debauched and demoralized under the malign influences of this Pierce Administration, and to believe that therewould still exist a majority of the American people, opposed to the atification of the debaucheries of this corrapted party, even if they should nominate as their representative an angel from Heaven." The same journal has an article on relations with England, headed " Peace or War." It says,- "It is a standing disgrace to the civilized world that England and the United States, the foremost nations in trade, in all that can secure blessings to the human family, sheuld thus higgle and quarrel about matters concerning which the people of the two countries feel no possible interest. It argaes little to tho credit of their negotiators that they have contrived somehow to fish up from the dirty pools of diplomacy matters of continual dispute. So far, indeed, has this bastard work progressed, this decoy system of negotiation, that honourable and well-disposed men in both countries begin to feel that it has no higher origin than that of stockjobbing and fortune hunting." It concludes,- " If we consider the utter baseness of the subject-matter about which we are contending with England, it would not be too much to expect the protest of other nations against its further continuance, thus disturbing the commercial peace of the world by irritating strifes and jangles about that which in the hands of any two national and well-disposed men would be settled in an hour.' The .iewv York Jots?naZ of Commerce, iP its correspondence from Washington, publishes the following:- "' Count de Sartigeg received through the post-office a letter from a Washington correspondent, treating of the settled antipathy of foreign Governments towards the United States, as now manifested',by the conduct of foreign representatives in their intercourse with society and our public men, and which letter was superinduced by alleged indecent and insulting language against our Government, and especially against the Secretary of State, at a dinner recently given by Count de Sartiges. The envelope enclosing the letter in question bore the seal of the State Department. "- On Saturday Count de Sartiges caled on Mr. Marcy, indignantly complaining of the insult, and demanding that the suspected author should be punished, intimating that, in the event of failure to do this, he would demand his passports. A-yr. Marcy, of course, disavowed all knowledge or responsibility concerning the letter, and expresesed regret that anything had happened to occasion offence. *"flero was a quandary, but Count do Sartiges was apparently satisfied, andthe Secretary relieved from his unpleasant position, by the author, who was a Government anpleye, but who did not send the letter to Count de Sartiges, promptly resigning his office." The effigies of President Pierce and Preston S. Brooks had been hlung in front of the State-house, at Concord, New Hampshire. Indignation meetings in reference to the Brooks outrage continue to be held throughout the States. Advices from Kansas reported that orders had reached Fort Leavenworth placing the command of all the troops in the territory with General Harvey. Lawrence is reported quiet. The correspondence of the letv York Tribune says that- "A hundred armed men left Westport, Mobile, last Saturday to scour Southern lansas and make the country, as they said, 'too hot for the Free State people.' Guerilla parties were scouring the territory, and collisions were occasionally occurring; but the general disposition of the free people is to remain quiet and pursue their farming. Settlers werecoming into the territory in considerable numbers from Indiana and Illinois. The quarantine regulations at Norfolk have been revoked. Vessels arriving from any port in the West Indies or in the Gulf of Mexico, on the coast of Central America, or Brazil, would be required to anchor at the quarantine ground and rematn until inspection." The steamship Black WVarrior had arrived with dates from Havannah to the 30th ult. A good deal of excitement had been created by the report of the official recognition of the Walker-Rivas Government There was no news from the Spanish expedition against Mexico since the day it sailed. The steamer Pizarro had been detained to act as a despatch ship between the commanders of the squadron and General Concha. It is said if President Comonfort should not settle the claims of Spain immediately a second division of the fleet, consisting of eight war-vessels, vith several transports conveying troops, will be despatched to operate against him. A number of new steamboats are to be put on the Havannah and Cadiz line, and the vessels now running are to be turned into vessels of war. A good deal of aetivity was observed in the military departments of the island. Havannah was repo.-ted healthy. Exchange had not improved; at N ew York, 6~ to 7~, and offers at 7i discount; dull; London, 3L to 4 premium; Paris, 8i to 82 diseount. A serious collision had occurred on the Nicaragua Falls section of the Central Railroad. The dismissal of MIr. Crampton and the three Consuls had created considerable sensationin Canada. In the New York money-market the supply was abundant, and the demand lig,ht, with a small supply of prime paper, which was wanted at S to 8 per cent. The stock-market showed a general rise. The rate of exchange was unaltered, at 9i to 91 on Lrndon; 5f. 17Mc. to Sf. 16jc. 60 days, and 5f. 12-c. short sight, Paris. Guarantees are scarce. The market closed steady for pork; the demand was moderate; mess bad advanced 37Ac. to Sc.; other kinds, 124c. Beef steady, with a fair demand, and light stocks of meas. Cut meats lower. Bacon firmer. Lard, Xc. lower. Butter and cheese in moderate request. turpentine quiet. Common rosin rather better. Tea dull. Freights firm, with continued large offers of breadstuffs for Great Britain. The cotton-market had gained strength slightly under the Niagara's advices. The demand for the low and medium qualities for export was moderate. The accounts from the growing districts are in the main satisfactory; the receipts at the Gulf ports slightly falling off; the increased demand for State and WVestern flour had not been maintained. Low grades were a turn easier.
NEW PHILHArMONI rrnPTgRPVL The concluding concert of the filth season took place last night before what may fairly be described as the largest audience assembled in the Hanover-square-rooms for years. To say that the place was crowded is tc present but a faint reflex of the truth. It was literally crammed to suffocation. Extra seats were contrived wherever that was possible, and the result was that locomotion became absolutely impos.sibe. The heat was intolerable, and the inconvenience general, but, under the circumstances, nobody complained. The cause of all this commotion and excitement has doubtless suggested itself already to the minds of our readers. Jenny Lind was to appear, and the opportunities now left for hearing that greatest of singers are getting fewer and fewer. The programme was as follows PAnT L Overture-Buy Blas . .endelssohn. Scen-hadaernG oidschmidt .Weber. Selection-I'arwdise Lost .. Wylde. Concerto (No. 2) -hMm J. Roblnson .. Mendelssohn. Axia tn Turro)-Mladamo Goldscbmidt .. Roesain. Overture-Oberon .Weber. PART II. Symphony-Pastoral.. Beethoven. Mlazurkas Madams Goldsehidt .... Chopin. Overture--La Aluette de Portci .Auber. Conductor-Dr. Wylde. The orchestral performances were more than ordinarily striking on this occasion. The overtures-famous examples of very differentstyles and very different menwere splendidly played.- It mnight be objected that the violin passages in the Ober-on were impracticable at so rapid a pace; but Dr. Wylde can hardly be blamed for accepting as orthodox what is now the universal practice with resoect to Weber's overtures. The time may come, however, when a new system will be regarded as advisable. For our own parts, we must persist in believing that when music is layed so fast that the details are altogether lost, it is played taster than was intended by the composer, who surely would not have taken so much pains to write what he didnot care about being heard. The first movement of the pastoral symphony went admirably ; the tempo was correct, and scarcely a fault cauld be detected in the execution. The andante wanted tranquillity. It was too loud, too restless, from end to end-rather, so to say, a broad and rapid stream than a softly-babbling rivulet passing through qumet glades and shady haunts. When Beethoven imagined tais movement, so delicate, so full of poetry, he was not under the impression of the open country, with the full glare of the sun at noon (as in the first algro) ; on the contrary, he was dreaming of a scene more lonely and sequestered. The storm, except just at the commencement, offered little room for cavilling. The passages for the basses were precise and sonorous, the crescendo was well managed, and the forlissimo was splendid, especially at the entry of the trombones, the reservation of these pow erful. instruments until this important passage of the symphony was calculated by Beethoven with much the same art as Mtozart displayed in Denm Gorasni, by keeping the trombones mute until the scene where the statue accepts the libertine's invitation to supper-a regulation too often disresarded by our modern conductors, who introduce trombones both in the overture and flratfinale. The last movement of the pastoral symphony is always taken too quick, and was taken tooquick last night, It was, however, otherwise well p.layed, with a single exception-viz., the dlbui of the horns at the commencement, in that wonderfully conceived passage which the Belgian critic and encyclopssedist, MW. Fctis proposed, in pure want of faith,to alter ! In selecting Mendelssohn's second concerto to perform before a London audience Mrs. J. Robinson-the best panist in Ireland, and one of the best in all Britain-exhibited a degree of confidence which in so young an artist was singular. A concerto more arduous and difficult was never written. This confidence, however, was nut unwarranted, as the sequel showed. Mrs. Robinson's success was complete, and her reception 'lattering to a degree. Her execution was distinauished throughout by energy, and her reading of the exquisite slow movement was especially noticeable for elegance and sentiment. The andante, indeed, was the " gem" of the concerto, in the hands of MErs. Robinson, who retired from the orchestra amid the warmest and most genuine expressions of satisfaction. The selections from Dr. Wylde's Paradlise Lost comprised a bass solo (Herr Rokitandki), a chorus ("Farewell happy fields"), and a soprano air (Miss Sherrington) which have already been noticed, and which lost nothing by a third hearing. A quartet with chorus (solo parts by MTiss Shber rington, MEiss Htuddart, Mtr. Tennant, and Hferr Itokitarcsky) and a so~prano recitative, followed by a duet for soprano and cents-alto (Satan and Urriel-Mdisses Sherrington and Huddart), from the second part of the work, were now first introduced, Of the execution of these pieces we cannot speak favourably; but the duet-which iUustrates Satan's interview with Uriel, when, under the guase of a cherub, the evil spirit feigns a desire to inspect the new creationstruck us as both original and gracefuL The performances of Madame Goldschmidt attracted more attention, and were hailed with more enthusiasm, than anything else. Nor was this surprising, since her singing last night was, if possible, better than usuaL She gave the magnificent scena from Der FreischuLt precisely as we may imagine Weber to have conceived italtho-uh it is more than likely that he never heard his conception so thoroughly realized. It was throughout simple and unaffected, yet grandly and intensely dramatic; and if wve may be allowed to draw conclusions from the perfect manner in which it was accompanied, the members of the orchestra felt quite as great an interestin the performance as the audience. Thiswasnatural enough-since, as musicians, they must have been fully aware of the excellence of the vocalist they were accompanying. The air from Ml Turco was a marvellous effort of eravura singing, while the quaint mazurkas of Chopin (accompanied on the Piano with admirable taste by Herr Goldschnmidt) enchantedeverybody. Chopin himself could not have playedthem with more fancy upon the instrument for which they were composed than Jenny Lind sang them, through the medium of that unrivalled instrument-her voice. The Italian language was fitly chosen for this rare display of vocalization, in which the mezzsaoc, the sotto roce, and all the refinements of light and shade were employed with a judgment as truly artistic as the effect was Irresistible. Thus we take leave of the New Philharnionic Society, till next year, under the most favourable impressionssince, in almost every respect, the last concert of the fifth season was one of the most interesting and delightful ever presented to its patrons.
THE AmEERICAN QuSTION.-We are exceedingly glad to learn, from the answers returned last night by Lord Clarendon, in the House of Lords, to Lord Derby, and by Lord Palmerston, in the House of Commons, to Lord John Russell, that our anticipations on Saturday last of the course which would be pursued by the British Government in reference to the dismissal of Air. Crampton, have been fully borne out. The act of the United States' Government was certainly, to say the least of it, after the ample acknowledgments which had been made by Lord Clarendon, an exceedingly unnecessary offence to the Government and the people of this country; but as certainly it does not fiMnish a sufficient ground for puting an end to all diplomatic intercourse between the two countries; and in the present state of their international relations nothing short of an insult too gross to be overlooked would justify English statesmen in adopting any course that might pro. bably lead to further complications. Fortunately, statesmen in this country are not under the periodical necessity of stimulating the passions of the people and rushing to the verge of war, every four years in order to promote their own miserable party interests. It is a course which, among us, would make statesmen odious rather thai popular; and, they have, therefore, every inducement, ooth of national and personal interest, to avoid it, and to cling to peace as long as they can do so consistently with the honour and the material interests of the country. On a careful permsal of the various documents which have been published in reference to recruiting in the United States. we are by no means convmced that Mr. Crampton always confined himself within strictly legal bounds; and men who were his acknowledged a"ents, but who, we fully believe, were "planted" upon Rim by others, went a long way beyond those bounds. Then again, the English Minister was exceedingly indiscreet on several occasions, in alleging that certain statements and admissions, favourable to English views, had been made to him verbally by differet American statesmen and diplomatists, when he had nothing in his possession to prove that trath of his statements. We do not disbelieve Mr. Crampton; bnt his statements were sure to be denied, whenever it was convenient to do so. The morality of American statesmen of the school now in power is pretty fairly exhibited by the denial that any offer had been made to refer the Central American question to arbitration; and then maintaining that his Lordship's proposal to Mr. Buehanan was not an offer, hut " a conversation." These circumstances necessaxily rendered 3Ir. Crampton an unaceptable Minister at Washington, And furnished at least a plausible pretext for the course which theGovernmentthere has adopted.-Manch&stcr Gsuzrdin7. AGRiULTTPRAL STATiSTIsCS.-At an agricultural meeting recently held at Penzance, the Chairman, Mr. T. S. Bolitho. asked the farmers present to approve the bill now before Parliament for the collection of agricultural statistics, observing that in September, 1846, the price of wheat was 48s. per quarter; in one week the average price was 45S.; and many farmers sold wheat at that price, while others sold the same years produce at 100s. In April following the price reached 102s.; and why was that? Becanso they were in ignorance, and consequently paid very dearfor "that ignorance." SFPAHATE CoNmfmm-T IN PBIsows.-A retun moved for by Lord Robert Cecil, BLP., shows how far the system of separate confinement is adopted in the prisons of England and Wales. In a small minority of cases it has not yet been introdnoed. In most other cases it is only partially adopted. In about 37 or 3S cases the system is f ully carried out. In Ireland the system is fully carried cut in fear prisons, and partially in six. In 18 it has not yet beex intredur,ed.
FORBIGN INTBLLIICEN.- FRANCE (B1OY ou0L OWN COBB.SPONDMqT.) gi i2he followmg appeared in our second edition of y6. PAWS, TUESDAY, JiNs 17, 6 r.YL The ball given last night by the city of Paris to the Emperor and Empress, in honour of the baptism of the Prince Imperial, was of the most rare magnificence. Their Majesties arrived at about halfpast 10 from the Tuileries, which they bad reached about half an hour before from St. Cloud. The Imperial cortige consisted of eight close carriages, that conveying their Majesties being escorted by a party of the Cent Gardes in full uniform. A vast crowd filled the streets from the Palace to the Hotel de Ville, and in the vicinity of this latter building the mass of human beings was so dense that all movement was nearly impossible. The reason of the crowding towards that spot was, that the splendid ilumination of the MIunicipal palace threw out alight as bright as day, and enabled the spectators to distinguish perfectly the occupants of the several carriages. The Emperor and Empress were received at the bottom of the grand staircase by Baron Haussmann, Prefect of the Seine, and M. Delangle, President of the Municipal Commission, accompanied by the members of that body. The Imperial party then ascended to the Cour LouisXl V., the Emperor giving his arm to the Grand Duchess of Baden, and the Empress accepting that of Prince Oscar of Sweden. The Imporial party, on arriving at the first landing of the beautiful horseshoe staircase, paused for a few moments to admire the gushing fountain and the female figures pouring forth water from their urns. They turned round also to gaze on the admirable proportious and exquisite ornaments of the hall, as it lay spread out before them, with golden trelliswork intertwined with vine leaves, its marble pillars and mossifs of natural flowers all brouight out so perfectly to view by the multitude of tulip-shaped lamps. TheirMajesties thenproceeded at once to the principal baUroom, the Grand Galerie des Fetes, and took their places on chairs of state exactly opposite tho Salle desCaryatides. The ballthencommenced, the Emperor dancing with the Baroness Haussmann and the Empress withthe Prefect, in order to mark fully their sense of the splendid entertainments given at the H6tel de Ville. His Majesty also, in the course of the evening, waltzed with the Princess Mathilde. It was remarked that on this occasion the space in front of the Imperial seats was kept clear to a vast extent, in order to render the heat as little oppressive to the Empress as possible. Their Majesties afterwards went through the rooms, and, on arriving at the PrefeWs apartments, partook of refreshment. Both seemed in high spirits, and conversed in an animated manner with a number of the high personages present. There were three ballrooms opened on this grand occasion-that already mentioned, a second in the Salle du TrOne, and a third in the large saloon over the Prefect's apartments. Buffets were disposed in every convenient part of the building, and on each a profiusion of drag'es were placed, to show that the fete was a baptismal one. The masses of natural flowers arranged throughout the building were in such profusion as to excite astonishment; and during the night the beautiful cascades of the Salle St. Jean were as much an object of admiration as the wondrous arrangements of the Cour Louis XIV. One o'clock struck before the Imperial party thought of retiring; and when, on their way to the carriagOe entrance, they arrived at the uppermost landing of the staircase, they seemed again so struck with its manifold beauties that the Empress seated herself to enjoy the scene, and, the other ladies following her example, an extempore sabns was thus in a moment organized, the ladies being all seated, but the Emperor, Prince Oscar, and the other gentlemen standing. Afterabout a quarter of an hour's delay the Empress rose, and the Emperor led the Grand Duchess down the staircase the Empress following with Prince Oscar. Beforeleaving their Majesties expressed to Baron and Madame Haussmann their admiration of all the arrangements, and their high satisfaction at the splendour of the fete. Loud cheers arose from the guests as their MIajesties proceeded to their carriage, and similar acclamations arose as they drove off. The front of the Hotel de Ville was lit up at the moment of departure with Bengal lights, and the effect on the iUuminated buildings was charming. Meanwhile dancing continue min the three ballrooms above with undiminished spirit, and many of the guests remained until nearly 4 in the morning. There is no pleasure without its drawback; no beauty without defect; no enjoyment without its alloy. Nothing could be more magnificent than the entertainment given on Saturdaylastat theHotel de Vile, in accordance with ancient usages, on the day of the baptism of the heir to the Imperial Throne. The banquet was worthy of an Emperor, and of the guests who were invited to meet him and his Consort on an occasion so interestingto both. The grand ceremony which had taken place in the old cathedral of Notre Dame, not unaccustomed to such solemnities, the attendance of so- many "PPrinces of the Church," one of whom represented the chief of a faith professed by many milions in the old and the new world, the gorgeous display that accompanied it, the presence of the chivalry and beauty of France, and of some among the distinguished names from foreign countries, the masses gathered outside to testify their sympathy, express their joy, or (as the case might be) to gratify their curiosity, the beauty of the weather, aUl combined to render the event one of the most complete thatcouldwellbeimagined. It did not, however, pass away without leaving discontent in the breasts of many. It appears that, notwithstanding the anxiety displayed by M. Haussmann, the Prefect of the Seine, who represented the city of Paris in the compliment paid to the Emperor and iEmpress, and the care to make every one of his guests happy, his exertions were not so entirely crowvned with success as they deserved to be. In arrangeing the list of invitations for the banquet it seems that not less than six Cardinals who had received invitations to the dinner found on their arrival that no places had been reserved for them, andthatthetableswerealreadyfull. The holy men who were thus forgotten bore, it is to be hoped, the involuntary privation to which they were subjected with evangelical resignation. iBut cardinals and archbishops are men after all, and human nature will hardly bear the disappointment when on being bidden to a sumptuous feast you arrive at half-past 7, and find that you have no seat among the guests. To send their EmLinences to a neigrhbouring restaurant, or to give them their food at an extemporized side table, was not to be thought of. Every man has some dignity to stand on, and the " Princes of the Church " have seldom, so far as I can learn, taken in tootliteral a sense the servi sevrorutm Dei. Then you could not beg a hungry Ambassador to stand aside and give his seat to another. The matter, after some delay, was arranged, and by dint of pushing and squeezing a little room was found for their forgotten E;minences, perhaps at the cost of some breach of etiquette, particularly when the Emperor was a guest. One Eminence had to take his din3ner at the extremity of a table, side by side, probably, with the Charge d'Affaires of some State whose existence is hardly known to the world, or opposite to some third or fourth rate functionary. The Prefect of the Seine, who, it is Just to admit, does the honours of the house of whichheis the chief in a most hospitable and becoming manner, must have been exceedingly annoyed at such acomlfrc-tcmps. The Secretary-General, it seems, is the person on whom such arrangements devolve; he must have strang,ely forgotten himself that day, for the omiission of no less than si.z cardinals, not to speak of a few lay functionaries, is no trifling fault. Then again, in the invitations issued for the ceremony of the baptism at Notre Dame we hear of complaints from several respectable functionaries, mayors and magistrates, some of whom had come up to Paris on special invitation for the occasion. Such of them as had families no doubt expected that their wives would be included in the invitation addressed to themselves. Several omissions are reported here also, and complaints heard, not so much on accountof the omission itself, as from the fact that the places which might have been given to these r6spectable ladies were seen to be occupied by some of the best known, but not the most pious, of the actresses of the Paris theatres. A good deal of heartburning, which wiU not be soon calmed, is the consequence, and we hear of murmurings against the preference shown to such persons, and irritation against those under whose pre- sumed protection the'unbecor,iing preference was made. Again, it is said that 220 cards of invitation to the baptism had been issued to the General commanlding tho Army of Paris, for the use of the officers of regiments-a certain limited number per corps, but that 100 of three tickets were kept back for the per- sonal friends or favourites of the General, who only sent letters of invitation, but without the corresponding tickets, to the officers. The General officers who had received letters of invitation presented themselves at the doors of Notre Dame, and were refused admittance, not having tickets. Remonstrances were made by the parties excluded, some confusion occurred, and a high functionary bad to interfere. The officers unjustly excllided were at last admitted, and with some difficulty found nlaces. It is the old story of the man and his ass. The Emperor and M. Hausamanu do their best to please everybody-how successfully may be found in the discontent just noticed. The Cathedral of Notre Dame, which had been kept closed on Sunday, was opened to the public yesterday, and an immense crowd visited the edifice during the day, and every one was struck with the magnificence of the decorations. The church will thu3 remain open for a week. A s the police regulations are admirably combined, no crushing takes place. Several artists were yesterday busy in taldng sketehes of the interior of the edifice. The Dames de la HEaUe on Saturday paid a mark of respect to the Imperial cortAge after their fashion, and which was not wanting in a certain tinge of poetic feeling. Fromthe Pont d'Arcoleto theH6tel de ViUe certain of their body, delegated for the purpose, strewed the ground with flowers as the Imperial carriage advanced, and, in addition, they gave to each soldier andNational Guardin thatpart of the line a bouquet of roses. Prince Napoleon left Paris on Sunday morning for Havre, where he arrived at 2 o'clock. His Imperial Highness proceeded immediately on board the Imperial yacht the Reine Hortense, where he dined and slept. The next morning, at 7, the Cocyte worked her way out of port, and in about an hour after the Reine Hortense, with the Prince and his suite on board, also put out to sea, both vessels proceeding. on their way towards the north. Two grand balls are to be given at St. Cloud within the next few days, one to-morrow (Thursday), and the other on Sunday next. The following is a translation of the Latin address pronounced by Cardinal Patrizzi on presenting the golden rose to the Empress of the French:- " Receive from our hands this rose, which we present to you in virtuo of a special commission intrusted to us by the VeryHolyFatherin Jesus Christ, PiuslX., Sovereign Pontiff by the Graco of God. This rose signifies the joy of the two Jerusalems, that is, of the Church Triumphant and the Church Mitant; this rose representing unto the eyes of all the faithful the most magnificent flower,-that is to say, the joy of all the saints. Accept this rose, beloved and noble daughter, powerful and adorned with numerous fine qualities, in order that thou mayest be still more ennobled by all the virtues in Jesus Christ, like a rose planted on the banks of a full flowing rivulet; may this boon be granted unto thee through the over-abundant favour of Him who is Triple and One, in all eternity. Amen.rX The Regency Law was communicated to the Senate this day. A telegraphic despatch from Madrid, dated yesterday, announces that the vote of censure on General O'Donnell by the Democratic party in the Cortes was refused to be taken into consideration by a majority of 147 to 11. The following private telegraphic despatch has been received:- "Passenger trains are now re-established on the line of railway from Tarascon to Avignon. The provisional line was perfectly proved yesterday. Goods trains pass, and the traffic is as complete as before the inundations. The Ithone flows with difficulty; the channels are choked up with mud." Count de Persigny, French Ambassador at London, has been raised, by decree dated the 16th of June, to the dignity of Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour; Count de Sartiges, Minister at Washington, to that of Grand Officer; Blarquis de Fer- iere le Vayer, Minister at Stuttgard, and M. Cazotte, Consul-General and Charge d'Affaires at Santiago, in Chili, to that of Commander. Count de Guitant, First Secretary of the Embassy at M1adrid; M. Meurand, Sub-Director of Consulates and Commercial Affairs in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs; M.D. Fourcade, Consul-General and Charg d'Affaires unemployed, andcI. J. C. Fourcade, Consul at Malta, to that of Officer; 10 consuls, vice-consuls, and other agents (among them is M. de Burggraff, Consul at Dublin), to that of Member of the Order. M. GaiDard, First Acdvocate-General of the Court of Cassation; x. Bouclv, First President of the Imperial Court of Reunes, and M. Colonna d'Istria, First Honorary President of the Imperial Court of Bastia, have been promoted to the grade of Commander of the same Order; li. Moreau, Judge of the Court of Cassation; M. de Cheneviere, Procureur-General of the Imperial Court at Bourges; M. Legrand, ditto of the Impernal Court at Nancy; and M. Germanes, President of the Civil Tribunal of Avignon, to that of Officer; and 33 judges and other judicial functionaries have been nominated knights. An Imperial decree, dated June 16, prolongs the session of the Legislative Body to the 2d July. The Three per Cents. closed today at 71f. 10c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 50c. ; andthe New Loan at 71f. 30c. Orleans Railway shares, 1,365f.; Great Northern, 1,117f. 50c.; Strasburg, 94f.; new shares, 855f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,482f. 50c.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,695f.; Western of France, 935f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 765f.; Great Central of France, 651f. 25c.; Lyons and Geneva, 785f.; Bank of COrdit Mobilier, 1,750f.; Austrian railways, 883f. 75c. Cours Atdhentiue-PAR1s, June 17.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f.; Four per Cents., 82f.; Three per Cents., 70f. 80c. 90c. SOc. 70c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid) 70f. 90c. 71f. 70f. SOc. ; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 70f. 90c. 71f. 70f. 80c.; Bank of France, 4,050f.; Credit Foncier, Obligations of 590f., Four per Cents., 445f.; ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; Credit hobilier, 1,760f. 1,755f. I,750f. 1,745f. 1,750f.; Discount Bank, 695f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 92f. 50c.; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97; Pomans, 86 8S5; Spanish Deferred Converted, 25; ditto Three per Cents., 46; ditto Interior Debt, 411 A. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 35c.; thrie months, money, 25f. 21c. A1USTRIA. (FROM OUP. OWN CORRBSPONDENT.) VIEN13TA, JuNE 14. For want of any more interesting matter the German papers again occupy themselves with the question of the reform of the German Diet, but thinas are lkely to remain unchanged at Franlkort, as the vis iiwrtioc of Austria suffices to paralyze the efforts of the other Federal States to make of the Bund anything more than a mere political myth. The Imperial Govemment would fain bringback the second-rate States to their former allegiance, but the moment is not a favourable one, and therefore Austria will endeavour to keep things perfectly quiet in Germany until time has made both the sovereigns and the people oblivious of recent events; the former bearsAustria agrudge because she "clandestinely" signed the treaty of April 15th, and the latter hate her, because she has greatly increased the power of the Roman Catholc hierarchy in Germany by her convention with the Papal Chair. Aali Pasha called on Count Buol yesterday, andit is by no means improbable that he will to-day dine vwith Prince Gortschakoff, as the Austrian Minister for Foreign Affairs gives a grand dinner in honour of that statesman, to which the principal diplomatists were a day or two since invited. The Thanderer has received a letter from Trieste, in which it is stated that the English company has not been able to come to an understanding with the Austrian Government about the construction of docks in the bay of Muggia. The correspondent of the Wanderer is evidently no admirer of that spirit of enterprise which is innate in Englishmen, for he states in plaintive language that British companies have formed the following plans for annoifing the Austrianlloyd:-1. To obtain entirepossession of the trade between Liverpool, the Ionian Islands, and Trieste. 2. To establish anewline of steamnavigation between London and Trieste, and to let the vessels call at some of theMediterraneanports. As a considerable part of the colonial goods consumed at Trieste is obtained from Marseilles,there is a pro.ject for establishingaregular steam communication between the two ports. it is a settled matter that the exclnsive privilege of the Danubian Steam Navigation Company is to be done away with, but the question of the indemnification to be given by Government is still pending, and is likely to remain so for some time to come. The heat is extremely oppressive. The maercury in Fahrenheit's thermometer is at 95 in the shade, and a regular sirocco is blowing. PRUSSIA. (FROM 0 Ownow COnxESPOfNDr.) BERLIN, JUsE 16. The King left Potsdam this morning for Stuttgard, and will sleep to-night at Niirnberg; he will return hither towards the end of the week, on account of the visit of the Archduke Maximilian. The communication is now being made officiously if the press that the Archduke has only just received instructions from Vienna "not to omit visiting Bsrlin" on his wAy back to Vienna, and that his original route was to return by way of FranL-fort and Dresden. However, several days ago I mentioned to you the fact of his approaching visit here and when his arrival is expected. His M,ajesty's visit to Hohen2ollern will not take place till later in the autumn. The Minister-President von Manteuffel accompanies the King on his visit to the Court of Stuttgard, and all the other Ministers are travellino in one direction or another. Baron Budberg does not repair from here direct or immediately to his future post at Vienna; in the course of July he will proceed to St. Petersburg, and after a stay of about three months he will set off for Vienna. Baron von Brunow, his successor at this Court, is not expected here before the end of the month of September. A prospectus is just now being handed about here of a new association, to be called " Deutsche Credit Versicherung Gesellschaft," (Guarantee Society,) for the purpose of enabling men in trade to insure themselves against bad debts. It is said to be drawn up on the model of similar associations already existing in England and France; the French company for a similar purpose, called "Le Ducroire," is quoted as having, at the end of 1855, policies out for at least 80,000,000f. The rates of insurance are to vary according to the nature of the class of persons with whom the house does business, and are divided into five differentX categories. For every 100 thalers the rate of pre-, nmium is for persons who supply wholesale houses, who keep travellers out, or manufacturers having manufactories of their own, from 8 to 15 silver groschen, or about ; to I- per cent.; for persons selling to houses that carry on retail in addition to a wholesale trade, or second-rate manufacturers who also sell in retail, from 10 to 25 silver groschen, equal to 1-3 to 5-6 per cent.; for persons who do with first-class retail houses, from 12 to 30 silver groschen; when the connexion ccnsists of small retail dealers, the premium varies from 20 to 45 silver groschen, equal to 2-3 to 1i per cent. ITALY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) TIIURIl, JuNs 14. To-day the Senate met, ancd probably for the last - time this session, as they agreed to the estimates as sent up to them from the Lower House. The only conversation which took place on the occasion was as follows:- The IfMarquis de Montezemolo said,-" I will vote for the budget as it has been proposed, but before giving my vote I wish to address some questions to the President of the Council. It is incontestable that after the return of the hon. Minister from Paris, and especially after the speeches made by him in both Chambers, an opinion was engenderedc in this country that great events were on the eve of taking place, and that very probably, seeing the state of our relations with a great Power, we should perhaps be obliged once more to take an active part in the affairs of Europe. This opinion causes a state of profound agitation, which may lead to excessive illusions. Remember, gentlemen, the fable of the boy and: the wolf. Let us gnard against being taken unawares when the wolf really does come. I do not ask the Minister for sany revelations that might be inconvenient or imprudent. I think that the mission of our country Should be a mission of order, and not of turbulence, so that I believe it right that some words should be addressed to the Senate and the country. To render the reply of the Minister more easy, Iwill pat to him a very vagpe question, because I do not the least in the world wish to ontstep the bounds of prudence and conventionalities. I ask him, then, if the wolf is far or near?" (Laughter.) Count Cavour replied,-" The hon. Senator asks me a question, to which I will malke a short answer. I do not believe, in the frst place, that the agitation, in the country is such as he thinks. I believe, on the contrary, that the country, with its perfect good sense, has well understood the actual position, and that it is calmer than ever. I might do as Lord Clarendon has frequently done, and refase to answer by alleging pending negotiations as a reason for prudence; but, in orderto oblige the hon. Senator, I will add a few words. The situatioiL has not altered since the speeches which I made a month ago in this and the other house. I will take care not to reply in the language of fable; because, if the words oE Mfinisters are sabjected to a number of arbitrary constructions, even when they speak a precise and. mathematical language, still more will the interpretationsbe arbitraryif they employ metaphor. I say, therefore, that the situation is not altered. All the Powers, even those which in the Congress of Paris refused to treat on the Italian question, have recognized the existence of the abnormal condition of Italy, and expressed an opinion on the intensity of the varous ills, but no one contests the existence of the evil itself. A great step has been mnade, then. I do not see in that anything that should authorize the excessive hopes of some, or the no less excessive fears of others." TheMarquis deMontezemolo thanked the Mfinister for his explanation, and the House proceeded to vote the supplies, which was done without opposition, and the House then adjqurned. The town of Turin is again filing rapidly with provincials, and especially Lombards, who have come in great numbers to witness the ceremony tomorrow of giving the decorations for the Crimean campaign to the Army of the East.
IRELAND. (YRONf OTTR Mvw mv?vcpf%,m?- % D11BLIN, WEDNESD-Y IIOtNIrG. VICERxGAL VISIT TO LL1ERICK. Lord Carlisle intends visiting Limerick early in the ensuing month for the purpoze of taking part at the opening of the Limerick and Foynes Railway, and also at the opening of the Athenaeum. His Excellency, during his visit, wil be the guest of the Earl of Dunraven, at Adare MIanor. REPRESENTATION OF TrPPrEAnY. It is reported that the Hon. George O'Collaglian, son of Lord Lismore, will offer himself to the constituency, his principles being " those of a thorough and enlightened Liberal, which he is prepared to avow and advocate." Other names are also mentioned, but until the vacancy shall be absolutely created by the retirement of Mir. James Sadleir it is needless to particularise them. ENCTJM ERD ESTATES COURT. Property to the amount of nearly 70,0001. changed hands yesterday. Among the properties sold was anotherportion of the vast estates of Lord Portarlin,gton, situate in Tipperay, Limerick, and Longford, and which produced about 50,0001. HARVEST PriOSPECrS. One or two of the southern papers speak of the -Appearance of the old blight in the growving potato crop, but it is admitted that the symptoms, coming thus early, are too insignificant to create any alarm, and little doubt is entertained that they will fade away under the influenee of the wlue weather wich hasjust set in. Thefollowing cheering agricultural report is taken from the l)bliin Packet:- "With the certainty of a remunerative harvest the hopes of the rural population have risen. low that the country has enjoyed an uninterrupted continution of weather suitable for rapid vegetation farmners anticipate an abundant harvest. On every side the effectsoaf the late beneficial rains are observable. Where the early sown wheat and corn crops were parched and delicate a month ago, not a trace of weakness is now seen. They rear their heads with a stabborn and healthy look indicative of a generous yield. If the crops are in a state to gladden those whose comfort depends on the fertility of the soil, a glance over the country also affords pleasure to all interested in any way in the advancement of agriculture. In the reclamation of waste lands, the drainage of large patches previously useless, and the systematic culture and appllca. tion of scientific skill to the cropping of the soil, we have confirmation of the wider egtension of industry. Tha farmer has discovered that neither the capability of his lands nor the demand for its fruits has yet been exhausted; and whatever benefit may result to the agricultural classes from this increased'activity the country hm genecral will partake of the gain. Corn and wh;eat are, as we learn from information just received. most promising. Oats, even on lands which have produced poor crops previously, look in excellent condition, ana the staple food of the people, the potatoe, will repay the disap. polatment its repeated failures lately created It is said that a larger tract of land is under this esculent than has been planted with it for four or five seasons past; and itis coneolatory to ascertain that there is little apprehension of the destruction of the root by disease. Although the crop; have not passed all danger, they are in a forward enough statetobrave a little untoward weather. Had the last month not been 'so propitious this would not have been the case." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols (shut), 94; ditto, for new account, 8th of July, 94 A3; New Three pr Cent. Stock, 94 945 ; ditto, for account, July 9, 94 F A; Hibernia= Bank (25g. paid), 31I x.d.; Nationa 9a40k of Iretand (221. 10s. paid), 35; City of Dublin Shares of 1836 (M. paid), 28A ; Mining Company of Ireland (71. paid), 1. 1;ailways.-Cork, Blackrock, and Passage (20M. paid), for account, 14t x.d. ; Dablin and Drogheda,,'New Thirds (257. paid) 21 * Dublin and Wicliow (101. paid), 5 ; ditto, for account 5; Great Southern and Western p ) ditto, for account, 53j; ditto, 4 per cent. preference (12. paid), 1n, ditto, 4 per cent. preference, paid in full (201.), l9n; Mtidland GEreat Western and Proyal Canal (507, paid), 51 t; Waterford and iAmerick (501. paid), 22; ditto, 5 per cent, preference (501. paid), 45.
kGONBY-MABRKETand CITYINTELLIGENCE. The-English fund, opened 1Wednesday Evening. The E:nglish funds opened thlsWmorning with great steadiness at the closing prices of yesterday, and subsequently experienced an advance of an eighth. The first quotation of Consols for money was 94~ to i ex dividend, whence in consequence of a disposition on the part of the public to effect purchases they. improved to 9gE4 to i, at which they remained to the close, with a firm appearance. Consol Scrip left off at 3 to i premium; Bank Stock, 217 to 218; Reduced, 94A to I; New Three per Cents., 95gs to i; Annuities, 30 years, 17k; India Bonds, lOs. to 14s. premium; Exchequer-bonds, 991 to i; and Exchequer-bills, 7s. to 10s. premium. Foreign securities were wvell supported, and prices in some cases showed a tendency to further improvement. Purchases of Turkish were freely made, the principal rise being in the Six. per Cents., but both descriptions were favourably influenced. In the Six per Cents. the transactions were at 100;} for money, and 100g, 101Q, -, i, and Z, for the account. The Guaranteed Four per Cents. were negotiated at 1041 and , for money, and 1046, j and 105 for the account. The general operations comprised-Austrian Five per Cents., 921; the Five per Cents. Brazilian New, 100-; Grenada New Active, 174r; Mexican, for account, 23; ;Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents,, 98X; Sardinian Five per Cents., 92X; Spanish Three per Cents., 47k; the New Deferred, 25;j, i and j; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 65-x; and the Four per Cents. Certificates, 96. The corn-market this morning was steady at the prices of Monday. Tne final quotations of the French Three per Cents on the Paris Bourse this evening were 71f. lOc. for money, and 71f. 20c. for the end of the month, showing a recovery of a quarter per cent. A steady demand for money continues to prevail, and is likely to be maintained to the end of the month. In addition to the sum of 1,000,0001. absorbed by the Bank through the loan instalment last Thursday, 3 ,000,e0001. will becomae payable on the 28th, and, as the revenue receipts are mean-while rapidly accumulating, the available funds in the hands of the bank-ors and discount brokers are daily undergoing a diminution which cannot be restored except by advances from that establishment. The Bank mininimm rate of 5 per cent. must therefore for the moment govern the market. As soon as the Government disbursements for the coutracts which the loan was intended to meet shall have taken place, together with the payment of the dividends, a sudden change can hardly fail to become observable, the extent of which will be proportionably augmented by the influx of gold that may be relied upon during the next few weeks. More than 1,000,000l. will soon be overdue from Australia, some considerable arrivalis are expected from Constantinople, and the last American letters mention that increased sums would be sent by the succeeding packets. It is also said that the amount will again be large by the next MIexican mail. At the same time there are no immediate causes in operation likely in any material degree to alter the aspect of the foreign exchanges. July, therefore, is expected to witness a great increase of ease,-which mill necessitate a further downward movement on the part of the Bank. Beyond that time the continuance of the tendency must, of course, depend upon the prospects of the harvest. It is necessary to caution the public against the annual efforts of the persons connected with German lottery schemes, which are usuaUy renevw-ed at this period of the year. The circulars are addressed for the most part to clergymen, ladies, or persons in professions unconnected with commerce, and are not unfrequently successful in attracting subscriptions. "MlIr. Edward Schneider, banker, of Frankfort-on-the-Maine," appears now to be busy in recommending one of these " perfectly safe speculations, so generally and advantageously known in England." He refers to an agent in London; but, as lotteries are illegal in this country, probably little satisfaction woould ultimately be obtained from that gentleman by those who might be induced to make remittances and who might ultimately wish to arrive at a clear knowledge of the result. It appears that the Royal Swedish Railway still linds great difficulty in extricating itself from the embarrassments brought upon the company by the delinquencies of its late chairman. The subjoined conmmunication relates to the attempted plan for raising additional capital:- Sir,-As the shareholders of the Royal Swedish Railw ay adopted the financial scheme of the present directors, of raisin_ a preference stock sufficient to pav the existing debts of the company, complete the 45 miles of railway fr.om Orebro to Roping. and to construct the remaining section from Orebro to Hult, I had hoped that success would have attended the decision. W Ve aEl perfectly well k-new that the direful acts of the late chairman would so affect the pecuniary ability of some of the largest shareholders that they would be unable to sub - scribe for their proportion of the new stock, however they mnight desire to do so from their good opinion of its value as an investment. Under these circumstances, I think that the plan put forth by the new directors, confining applications for the preference stock to original shareholders only, injudicious. "L ooking at the position of this railway-passing through the richest mineral district in Sweden, connecting lake with lake, and forming a portion of the trunk line from Stocklholmito Gothenbtrg-a line heartily takenupby the Government of Sweden, and now in course of construction with Government money-and the expressed desire of His AMajesty to have railway communication between the capitals of Sweden and Norway (Stockholm and Christiania), the immediate execution of which is probable, seeing that his Royal Highness the Crown Prince is nob- Viceroy of Norway, and that the Diet of Sweden meets this year, the prospects of the Koping and Hult Railway, which would form the centrai section of the whole, are mrost encouraging, both as regards its present independent position and sts prospective adv-antages, and it must be a sound security at least for the new Seven per Cent. stock and its;present obligation debt. " The plan I wonld have adopted in the issue of the new stock-and it is the plan I would impress the board to adopt now-is, by oneadvertisement, to open the subscription list to original shareholders, obligation holders, and the public generaUy, the board pleodging itself on a given day to make the allotment, and, in making it, to consider-first, the applications of the original shareholders ; secondly, the obligation holders; and, thirdly, the general public; the wholelto be allotted on the same day, eachapplication to be accomDanied by a small depoit, and one week to be given from the day of allotment for payment of the balance. It cannot be supposed that the original shareholders, if unable to avail themselves of the new stock, would desire, nor is it their interest, to deny to the obligation holders and the ublic the opportunity of subscribing;, and, considering the high rate of interest and the value of the security, there can be no reasonable doubt of the subscription list being speedily filled. "I am, Sir, your obedient servant, "AN EX-DIRECTOR." A meeting of a section of shareholders of the Allianiee (English and French) Bank took place today, when a resolution was passed authorizing their legal representative to take the necessary measures for recovering the deposit of 51. Other shareholders -who have paid 10!. per share, and who profess to be satisfied with the progress of business, were in attendance, but it was stated that the discussion interested only those who refused to remain connected with the Bank. The grounds on which it is sought to recover the money are alleged violations of the contract and of the arrangements indicated by the original prospectus. The council have issued a circular stating that they contemplate convening a meeting at the earliest possible date. According to a statement prepared by Mr. John Clare, jun., of Liverpool, the average import of tallow into the united kingdom in the 10 years from 1844 to 18a3 -vas (;0,692 tons, of which 44,800 sere Russian. In 1854 and 185Sthe respective totals were 37,986, and 47,761 tons, .showing an aggregate talling oll in the two years of 35,636 tons. In relation to this it is observed:- " The great difficulties arising from inland carriage and from all the horses being required for war purposes were the causes of so musll talow remaining in Siberia and in distant parts of that vast country. It will, consequently, if the deficit of 1854 and 1853 remains in Russia, and there should be au average yeaes production of new tallow, be fair to anticipate that the total imports of 156 will show a considerable increse," It i3 to be remarked, however, that although this inference maybe reasonable, the actual state of the case m respect to the suppositions on which it is founded is entirely open to question. At the present moment speculation in tallow is so active that no calculations should be entertained without great -caution. A favourable illustration has just occurred of the ,capacity of the Commercial Docks and their system 'of despatch. The Minnehaha, a vessel of more -thaa 2,000 tons, from New Brunswick, drawing 22 feet water, and carryig a quantity of deals equal to 170,500 pieces of 12 feet long by 9 inches broad and I inch thick, entered the dock on Sunday, the 8th, an.d rwas entirely discharg,ed and ready to leave in seven working days. In. some Obsesuaiorns Ob the Pzrnposed Decimal Ooiswag4, by MIr. John Clayton,* a very clear illus. tra,tion is gien of those practical difficultiea which must attend the carrying out of the pound and mil system in the mantner proposed by the committee of R Richardson, Cornhill 1853, and which the theoretical advocates of the change have never appeared sufficiently to estimate. Mlr. Clayton does not seek to pronounce against the pound as the unit, but rather gives the preference to it; and his object is merely to show that if it be adopted it must be introduced in some more simple method than that which has been proposed. His suggestion is, that all coins from the sovereign down to the farthing should be stamped with their several number of mils-a sovereign being 1,000 mils, a penny 5 mils, and a farthing 1n miL He adds:- "There would, no doubt, be considerable trouble and espensein marking the coins. It appears, according to Sir John Herschel's evidence, that there are between 700,000,000 and 800,000,000 silver and copper coins in circulation, and he seems to think it would be almost as easy to recoin them as to stamp them. ' To stamp them,' he says, 'would dis. figure them, or render them a very objectionable-looking coin. There might be a certain saving.' It scarcely becomes me to set up my judgment against such an authority, aud yet I lean to the opinion that the coin, or at all events a large portion of it, might be marked, and that it would form the best possible introduction to the new system. I do not think thata proclamation that after a given day the old coins shall pass for such orsuch a number of mils, would answer the samne purpose." And although is opinion of the pound init wil not alter the view of those vwho believe that the true way to introduce the decimal system would be to avoid aU legislative changes, and simnply to begin by coining tenpenny or franc pieces and to retami the halferown (30 pence) pieces, it may be quoted in fairness to the advocates of that plan 'I really cannot see a difficulty in carrying out the proposed change. I approached the consideration of the subject wsth prejudice, and with a full conviction that, if we resorted to a decimal system of coinage at all, we must, out of consideration for the poor, either begin with the farthing, and work upwards to a new coin of 12. Os. 10d.; or, with the penny, working upwards to a new coin of 100 pence, abandoning the lower denominations of halfpence and fartligs, as the Americans did the half-cents. and quarter-cents.; but I have become convinced that there will be far less inconvenience to all classes, the poor included, by continuing the pound as the unit than by resorting to any other system."
STATE OF TRADE. NOTTINGHAM, JTu_ 18. The lace trade is quiet. The transactions for the American market are nearly finished, and, the warm weather havimcome late in the season, any amount of activity may not no; be expected. In plain goods there is yet a fair trade doing In fancy articles there is not much demand, and the orders for the Gernman market are small. In hosiery the demand is also less active. We are now approaching the time when the hosiery trade is always dull -between the seasons, as it is termed; and as the purchases for the United States are completed, and the demand for home consumption is very limited, the trade generally is quiieter than it has been for some time past. The operatives, however, continue to be -well employed. Silks have still an upward tendency.
THE CO1BV TRADE. - CORW-lEXCHAIGF W}:-.7-}A -Tn-c1C iP *e d.cpplrics ot gra!p are iiot large, and there has beeni little activity in rde. rces elbt steadiness transactions having beeni m.ostly coneiuded oil thie terms of Monday. Flour, English, 640 saclcs: foreign, 4.470 sacks and 1,410 b&zrel HIULI, JuNzE 17. We have had fair arrivals of wheat this veek. Several cargoes from St. Petersburg have been forwarded to the west of 3ngland A good deal of rain has fallen sinice our last inaxket, and warm weather is nov much needed; nevertheless, the crops have madc much proress, and the harvest prospects oni every side are cheeriug. The wlheat trade has again been very active during the w-eek, and prices continue to rouietain an upward tendency, oving to the falling off in farmers' supplies anid the diminution of stocks in granArY. A striking circumstance connected with the trade at present is that a geod portion of the wheat sold here lately has gone direct toplaces in the interiar, whence the contsuming districts generally draw snuplies, indicating that farmers either have not the power to furnish the reriulred quantity, or that they are holding back for a further advance. An improvemenz,t of 2a. to 3s. per quarter has been established this week, at which rates a fair busleess has been done. Atto-day's market the supply of wheat from farmers was again sbore of the demand, and tbe article commanded a ready eale at from Is. to 2s. per quarter advanlce on last wseek's rates. Foreign xvheat ohtamedneariy the samc enhancement, but the high prce checked sales. Barley wvas in reuest, and was is. poer 2sarter dearer. Pew beans to offer, and also worth Is. more. Peas Is. dearer. Oats very scarce, and In good den and at Is. o 4s. per quarter advance. Linseed very ierm. sith a large butiness in both oil and cakes for delivery. Rapo cakes scarce and w7anted. The bone season is about over. The folo Ling are our currer t prices- English wheat, old w;hit. 78s. to 82l. perieslb.d old red, 76s. to 7to. new white, 76. to S0s.: ne58 red, 72s. to 7i. Barley, matting, 43U . to Ds. per2 to 2gs.prins. 24st0.n2 to 42g. Oats, old, 28s to 3Rs. per 24 eron Bene,Is, told 4s. toeans, old Egyptoan 6s. per 37s stone; new, 42s. to 47a. Peas. blue breakers, e4. eo 4. 5 per imperial quarter. Linteed cakes, £8 17s. 6d. oe £9 per ton; rape cakes, £o5 i5. tO £6 oe Foereign- hemat uRoni f,weeg and Doats, 43 atou Cor.; Pomhanige and H,amburg, a fs, to adv ; Hoalstein.Frtnesnd, aend D ish, of6Is. to Ifs.; 6ouessian and Ode.ssa i8s, to 6on. Barletteal and Upland, 42g. to 44.: elolastein and Danish. 42s. to 43s.f grindnm, 38d. to 40a. OatsDanish, 2s. to 2-3. per 24 Atone Friesland, 27-- t- isa.; Russian, 27-. to 223. Beans, old, 4is. to 423.; Egyptian, 36d, to 37s. Peas, 18g. to 42s. Tares. 35g. to 40g. Linseed, feeding, 50s. to 5-le: cnrueldg, 41s. to SOs.; Innseed ca*ke, £7 15s. to £8: rape cake. £5 l53, to £6; bones, £5 7s d. eo £5; l0s. Offiicial average prices of last week :-When t, 67s. Ifd.: oats, 24g. 6cdL DUBLIN', Jrnex 17. There was a small supply of wheat and oats at our Conn-Exchange to-day, anadan advance was obtained from needy buyers of Is. to Is. Cd. on the former, and &Lt on the latter. lio barley offering. bThere weas an improved; demanld fof Indian con,. and this article must
STRmn OF PRAILVAY PORToEst AT ihvimroost.- The folly which did so much mischief to labourers at Liverpool two years ago is being repeated. The two large goods stations in that town (the Wnaping and Waterloo) connected with the London and North-Western Railway, have ceased working, owing to a strike by about 700 porters, who demand an increase of wages and a uniformity of remuneration for their labour. There are now two prices24s. for experienced porters, and 21. for ordinary porters. Recently three porters have been reduced from the higher to the lower wages, and thishas precipitated the movement. All now demand the 24s.; the company refuse to accede, and a strike is the result. There are also a number of clerks, in the employ of the company, on strike, inconsequence of some reductions made in their salaries, itis said, by the direction of the new goods' suiperintendent.
RALWAY AND MINING SHARM Wednesday Evening. There has been considerable activity i the railway-market, and prices on the average have advanced from it. to 21. per share. The principal movement was in Engli descriptions, French and Belgium exhibiting little alteration. East Indian were steady, with a moderate amount of business. Australian land and banking shares presented a irm appearance, but the transactions were unimportant. Mining and miscellaneous securities showed no great variation. Ottoman Bank closed 1i to 2 pm.; Bank of Egypt, j to A pm.; Riga Railway, 2j_to 3 pm.; Pernambuco, 1 to :t pm.; Lombardo-Venetian, 5'- to pm.; Bank of Switzerland, i dis. to ar ational Discount Company, par to i pm.; Western of London, + to 1i pM.; London and Paris, 4 to 3 dis.; and Alliance, 2 to 1 dis.
RAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. RKTRAMn1 AK'Tn 1WATnQrn,nTT? The opening of this branch line of the South-Eastern Company was celebrated yesterday by a grand dinner given at the CornmExchange, Maidstone, by the corporation of that towvn to the directors of the South-Eastern Company. The Mayor of Maidstone presided. Several toasts were given and responded to, being interspersed with voeal and instrumental music; the proceedings were kept up toa late hour, andeverything passed offharmoniously. The line commences by a junction with the North Kent line at Strood, where a new station is being built, passing along the left bank of the Mledway to the old station at Mlaidstone. The works on the line are comparatively light, and the gradients are favourable. There are four or five intennediate stations on the line in course of construction. The length - of the line is about 11A miles. The works were commenced in August, 185, and the cost of the line will bo about 30,0001. per mile. - It was stated that tae cost of the land alone averaged 12,0001. per mile. The authorized capital for the construction of the line is 240,0001., with power to borrow 80,0001., to-ether 320,0001. ; and it is believed that this amount wi be exceeded.. The line appears'to be substantial and in a good state, which rcight be expected from the nature of the materials in the dstrict through which the line passes. TRAFFIC RETUR'NS. filea P5as Mer- TotaL Total Railways. open, zengers. chandise. 1556. lS55. Week ending June 7. Edinburgh and Glasgow .. 142 .. .. 5,323 5.. .048 Week ending June 8. Caledonianu.19 1.. - .. - .. 11,727 .. 11,636 Great Northern .. 23 .. - . - 20,639 19.252 'NorthStaffordshire 233 .. - . - 7274 6,079 North Devon .. 35 .. - .. - .. 414 .. 351 Week ending June 14. Corliand Bandon - .. - -. - . 212 216 Belfast and Ballymena - . 601 .. 430 . 1,031 S 58 Cori, Blackrock, and Pas- eage . -.. -.. -.. 230.. 195 Week ending inne 15. tLon3onandNorth-WesteaS5531 .. - 5. - 6524 54,1S5 London and South-Western - .. 15,462.. 4,459 19,921 16,Ss0 MXanchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire .. .. 1711 .. - . 9,272 9,260 Belfst and County Down - .. - .. - .. 291 271 Exclusiveof trafficdue under agreemcnt with the Londonand t the returns as published are excusive of the traffic of the Hudderstijed Canal, shropehire Union, North Union, Preston and Wyre, South Junmction, Mranchester and Buton, and Bucldngham2hire Rail- t Incuding haUf of the Manchester, Sonto Junction, and Altrinchaa receipts. Grimsby Dock duties. c,. and Chesterfield Canal receipts
THE REDUCTION OF THE ARMY. (From the Globce.) The plan for our army peace establishment, as partially indicated by the Under Secretary for War on Monday evening, can scarcely fail to give satisfaction alike to the advocates of economy and efficiency. Our land force, exclusive of the troops employed in India, will number about 140,000 men of all ranks, or very nearly the same strength as we possessed before the Ruasian war. They Will comprise something more than 9,000 cavalry, 20,000 artillery 7,000 Guards, and 93,000 infantry of the line. This latter arm of the service will be almost equally divided between Great Britain and the colonies, 40 regiments forming the home, and 41 the colonial establishment. - They 'will be di ided into seven divisions, of two brigades each,with proper itaff officers and organization, as if they occupied an enemy's territory; and in the case ofthe colonialregiments whichhave depOts at home, these depots will not be, as heretofore, left spread over the comntry in bodies of 200 or 300 men under junior officers, but will be consoliidated into dep6t battalions under responsible and cxperienced staff officers, and 'with aUl the advantages which this extended organization can confer. Thus 'while, as regards numerical strength, every proper regard to economical co,siderations is paid, the more important item of efficiency, with a view to active service, has Deen fairly provided for. W*hen, therefore, in addition to these 140,000 regulars, practically exercisedandso organized as to be capable of great expansion, our comparatively inexpensive and most valuable militia force, to the number of 130,000 more, will beregrolarlytrained, we are not too confident m. anticipating that no future emergency is likely to find us unprepared with the two things the want of -which was aU but fatal to us in 1854-a deficient organization and a deficient army of reserve. To effect the reduction consequent upon these rraungements a considerable lessening of the regiments recently serving in the Crimea must be made, both as regards offioers and men. The Under-Secretary-for War bas not informed us, nor indeed do we believe any decision has yet been finaUy arrived at as to the precise manner in which this reduction will be carried out. So far as concerns the men, it is scarcely necessary to say that it is not likely to be attended with hardship to individuals, but in the case of the officers it is otherwise. The way in 'vhich the supernumerary officers aro to be placed on half-pay 'will very materially affect a number of young men, nearly all of whom deserve well of their country; and the public would, we are sure, gladly adopt any scheme which, while givig every weight to the claims of economy and efficiency, would inflict the minimum amount of hardship on this class. Some considerations occur to us on this head, which we venture to throw out to the authorities and the public, in the hope that some portion of them may perhaps e thought worthy of consideration. There were at the conclusion of the war 49 battalions of infantry of the line in the Crimean army. Thesebattalions must be reduced from a war to a peace establishment, which, as regards officers, and exclusive of adjutants, paymasters, &c, are respectively as follow Wvar Peace To be placed Esblishment. Establishment. on Half-pay. Lieutenant-Colonels 2 ... 1 ... 1 Majors ... ... 2 ... 2 ... 0 Captains ... ... 16 ... 12 ... 4 Lieutenants .. 26 ... 14 .. 12 Rnsigns ...... ... 14 .. 10 ... 4 Thus it 'wFold appear that in each battalion 1 lieutenantcolanel, 4 captains, 12 lieutenants, and 4 ensigns must be placedonhalf-pay, and the ordinary course would be to strike offthe juniors of each rank to the extent to 'which the reduction must be carried out. This, doubtless, is very simple to an army administrator, but it would to our mind be unjust in its operation upon individuals, and the reverse of beneficial to the service. Instead of it we would suggest somethinglike the following,as combiningthe largestamount of efficiency and the smallest amount of hardship, while in most of its features it will involve no increased expenditure. First, as regards the most numerous class, the subalterns, of whom, on the war establishment, there are, 26 lieutenants and 14 ensigns, and on the peace, 14 and 10 respectively of these ranks. In the Crimean regiments at present, however, the actual number fals short of the regulated number in every case; and the average in each regiment now is, as nearly as possible, 23 lieutenants and 13 ensigns, or 36 subaUerns in all, of whom 12 are to be placed on halfpay. Instead of displacng the 9 last2entenants, and3lsst ensigns on the list, we wrould retain all the lieutenants, and place 12 ensigns on half-pay, bringing them in according to their seniority, as lieutenants when vacancies shall hereafter occur. Tahis would be a bettercourse upon the ground of efficiency; for itwouldlkeepineachregimen 12officers of practical campaigning experience, most of whom have served before an enemy, in preference to 12 youngmen of less experience, of extremely junior standing, and 'who, -with very few exceptions, have not seen a shot fired. As a measure of justice it would avoid the sacrifice of the lieutenants, who for thereasons iust stated have stronger claims upon us than their juniors, the ensigns; while the latter, who have vith few exceptions been under one year in the service, would have no reason. to complain of being put aside for a little time untilopportunities should arise for placing them as lieutenants on ac<ive service, Withrespect to economy, the increased exuense is not of a character that ought to retard for a moment the least important improvement. It would be 3s. per battalion per diem; for, whereas, the foU pay of 12 lieutenants is 15s. a-day more than that of 12 ensigns, the half-pay of the latter is 12s. less, leaving but 3s. to come from the public. The course we have thus endeavoured to indicate would involve the abolition of the rank of ensign. This has already been done (as reg,ards the corresponding rank of second-lieutenant) in the Artiery and Engineers w-ith great advantage. The. duties of all subalterns are practically the same, and we shall be much disappointed if the Royal Commissioners now sitting to consider the purchase system do notr ecommend the maintenance of only one rank of these officers, with, if it he thought desirable, an extension of the present different gradations of pay, according to length of service. The diffieilty of bringing in the ensigns we propose to disp lace as lieutenants without purchase would, we imagine, be little or no expense to the public, if a debit and credit account were kept of the sums gained by the sale of the commissions of those officers who, from not purchasing or s3rvino a sufficient time, are not at present allowed to ree eive the full regrulation price demanded from their succe-sors. As regards the captains, it is quite clear that the rules of the service necessitate a reduction from 16 to 12 each battalion. But even in this indispensable step we conceive something may be done vwith advantage alike to the service and the officers concerned. lUndoubtedly it is more just that the four juniors rather than any other four should be temporarily put aside. If, however, the scheme for the education of officers for staff duties, now under the consideration of the Royal Commission, be promptly carried out, it will deal more with the captains than with any other rank inthe service. We sincerely hope that the policy of that echeme will be one of encouragement rather than compulsion. We do not want to endow all our officers with scientific acquirements, and if we did we should fail in the attempt. We -want to have a fair proportion of them well instructed practicaly and theoretically in the higher branches of the military profession. From what we- know of the army there is scarcely a regiment of the line which does not contain among its captains some two or three young menfond of theirprofession, who need but encouragement to devote themselves to the acquisition of the military studies qualifying for important commands. Let us give them ample encouragement in the way of immediate pay and prospective promotion, and we shall find lots of volunteers ready and willing to undertake these studies, not to cram for a formal examination, but really to invest themselves with the knowledge and quaifications which will certainlv insure them Mgh distinction in the profession which they adopt and make their business. The volunteers for the inner school of warfare thus obtained would, we fancy, at least dispose of two of the four vacant companies in each of the 49 battalions to be reduced. The case of the second lieutenant-colonels of regiments is undoubtedly a very hard one, and the only way we see of at aU mitigating it is by allowing every month during which they commanded .their battalions before fSebastopol to count as twomonths towards fulfliing the period of three years' command necessary to the attainment of the rank of coloneL The proposed formation of divisional and brigade staffs throughout the country will, however, give opportunity of providing for many of those officers, as weU as Sor those regimental officers who have been acting as brigadiers aud major-enerals in the Crimea, with whom, we believe, it is the intention of the military authorities to deal in a mannerproportioned to the length and value of their services.
A DE.r A2ND Du=IB FA-Im y.-At the last anmua meeting of the subscribers and friends of the Yorkshire Institution for the Deaf and Dumb, held at Doncaster. on Tuesday, Emma Bancroft, daughter of Jonathan and Betty Bancroft, of Halifax,. was chosen a pupil on one of the Feiton Free Scholarships. The father and mother of tbis child were hoth formerly pupils at this institution - both are deaf and dumb and have four childrenll deaf and dumb.. rAdvertisement-Ialke Nami; or, Explorations and D t,oer.es inthe ilds of South-Westem Africa, byCharles John Anderseon. royal STo, uith 1apwardg ef 50 illustrations and map, 30s. bound, ju,t publisbL " This handsome book is one for eYerybody to rea. A. a record of toael every page is fascinating. while the naturaist anr,d the geograher will be delighted with the new facts iatrenderalThuhe eoriug a5dventuraegs orf the authMor, too, are ot aouns folnule is as creditable to his literary talent as the esterprias it it records is bonouriible to his coluage and enduranc. The pltes are numerous and edludrable, representingwvithvrvideffreswxom of themo5e stinking scuene he witr.esssd."-The Pres."
LAW REPoRT. 5OUIRT OF Q W .Trn. -I BXILTM V. RICrARTI A1N .- tOung5s a IVU7. Jrzus, beforc Lord COPBEL' a a Spwci,d Juru AMr. BovilL, Q.C.. and Mr. Hwks app.l for th plaintiff, adr. Edwin Jame . n m ce for the defendants.Q0Paa -x refo The plaintiff ir this action was formerly the keeper of th Priice of Wales publichouse in the Claphamn-road, and he brought the present action againt the defendants, the Messrs. Richards, distillers, in Pccadilly, to recover the stum of 1,1231., under the count for money had and - received by the defendants to the plaintiffs use. it appeaed from the plaintff's statement that on the 28th of February last he disposed of the business carried on at the Prince or Wales, and handed over the proceeds to John Vickers, the defendant's outdoor clerk, to be deposited, as the plaintiff said, with the defendants, according to the custom which it vas stated was frequently adopted in such cases. In about a month after this the plaintiff called on -the defendants, and asked for his money, and -was informed by them that they knew nothing about it. It appeared that the clerk Vickers had by that tume left the defendants' service, he being a defaulter in his accounts. The only question now was whether the money had been handed over to Vickers, as the pl iiutiff declared, as the defendants' agent, or to hold it as the plaintiff's agent. The plaintffwascross.examinedat some length to show that he Oad had deahngs with Vickers for some time previously, and that all the defendants knew about the plaintiff was that they had supplied him with two orders for spirits, for which they had not been paid. It appeared that Vickers had paid away several hondredapounds ia discharge of claims by various parties on the plaintiff, but he had disappeared with the balance. The plaintiffs counsel called one of the defendants, in the hope that he might prove something in the plaintf's favour, but, as his evidence showed clearly that Vicklers had no authority to receive money on the defendants' account, unless expressly authorized, Lord CArxreLL suggested to Mr. Bovill that, as he had called the defendant, perhaps he would now call the plain- Mlr. BoviLL said that if it was his Lordship's opinion that that course ought to be adopted, he would take that course. Iord CA 3PXLr intimated that such was his opinion. The plaintiff was nonsuited accordmgly. OIORTMTER V. PROWjTT. Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. J. A. nussell appeared for the plaintiff, and MIr. Macaulay, Q.C., and Mr. Tozar for the defendant. The plaintiff, John Mortimer. was aprinterin tbe Strand, and he sued the defendant, C. G. Prowett, a barrister, and the proprietor of the Britannia newspaper, to recover damages for dLsmissing him from his employment of printer, publisher, and sub-editor of the Britannia without notice. It appeared from the plaintiffs evidence that in the month of February last the Britannia newspaper was mortgaged to the Family Endowment Society, bat in that month it changed hands and became the property of the defendant. The plaintiff continued to print and publish the newspaper as before, and also to act as sub-editor; and he proposed to the defendant that they should have an understanding in writing as to the terms. The plaintiff said he would undertake to print the newspaper for three years for 171. per week including the whole expense for 2,000, with an additional l. for each subsequent 1,00 copies. He also proposed to pablish the paper and to act as sub-editor for 41. per week. The plaintiff then put his proposal in the form of a letter to the defendant in writing, and requested him to answer it. The defendant did not do this, but about two days after hetold the plaintiffthat he had no objection to give hiu a wxitten answer to the proposal for the printing, but he would like the other part of the letter to be delayed till he - made up his mind whether or not he should buy the John BulZ newvspaper. A few days after he said he had made up - his mind notto purchase the John Bull, and, having neglected to give the plaintiff the letter which Le had several times promised. the plaintiff at length said he should nut trouble the defendant any further aboat it, but would take it for granted that he agreed to the terms. The plaintiff had began printing the paper on the 23i of February, 1856, and at the end of a month furnished the defendant with his account calculated upon those terms, and this account the defendant settled. Things went on in this way till the 11th of April, when the defendant told the plaintiff that he had arranged for amalgamating the Britannfrr with the John Bull; and that the Britaassicwould no longer appear as a separate paper. The plaintiff expostulated with the defendant for doing that in. the face of their agreement, but the defendant said he did not think it would at all interfere with the arrangement, as hedid not seewhythe plaintiff should not condnct rhe combined paper as before. A meeting was then held at the defendant's chambers, at which Dr. Biber, of theJolhn Bu'- attended; but Dr. Biber said the proposed arrangement was impracticable, as he had a printing-office of his own, and he would rather be master of his own printing-offlce than employ6nother. The plaintiff then asked for compensation, and it was a-reed that the amount should be referred; and until the terms of the reference should be agreed upon it was arranged that nonoticeof the change, as had been at first intended, should be inserted in the number of the Britnnia which was to appear on the neiit day. the 12th of ApriL The plaintiff left his office at l1 o'clock at night, and the next morning he found, to his surprise, that the defendant had violated the ongag-msnt and inserted a notice of the amalgamation, or, as Mr. James called it, "the marriage of John Bull with Britannia..' The defendant, at the same time, sent the plaintiff a letter, in which, withoat admnitting that the plaintiff had any legal or, moral claim for compensation, he offered to allow him to collect certain outstanding debts belonging to the piper, amounting, as we understood, to about 60!. But the plaintiff refused this offer, and now sought to recover dam %ges forhis dismissal without notice. Evidence was givea to showv that where no condition as to notice was expressed in the agreement it was usual to give a printer one month. or at least a fortnight's notice, a publisher three mont hs', and a sub-editor tiUl the end of the carrent year. The plaintiff, on cross-examination, said that on the Satur lay after the Britannia was withdrawn from him he published another paper, of the same size and type, called the T,-ues Britann7ia; but that, after he had published threo numbers in all, he was restrained by injunction from the Court of Chancery. He had been employed by a Mr. Darby to print the paper, and, in answer to a question whether he ha-I not received 300l, for the use of the name the Truc Brituan ias, he said there was not the least foundation for the sa_gastipn, and that the question was a most impudent one. Lord CA3n'BELL said he sapposed Mr. Macaulay had been instructed to put the question. Mr. 31AcAuL&Y said he had been so instrcted by his client; it was most unusual for witnesses to use such language. Several witnesses were then called on the question as to what notice was usual in such cases. MACr. CAULAY, for the defendant, contended that the plbintiff had not sustained any damage whatever, for he lad printed the T'rue Britaaria the very next week, and continued it until the Court of Chancery interfered to restrain the nublicationon the groundof piracy. The leamed caunsel thlought the conduct of the plaintiff wholly discatitled him to any consideration whatever. Lord CA31PRELL, in sumnming up the evidence, said ho thought the plaintiff was entitled to some compensation It us a pity the parties had not come to an arrangement, bht the jury must say what he ought to recover. R?iThe jury found for the plaintiff-D;mages, 84.,Jbeing one monuth's notice. WESTON V. M:ROMLEY. M£r. Gray appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. E lwin Jasnes, Q.C., and Mr. Qnain for the defeadant. The plaintiff in this action, Edward Joseph Wesbtan, was a surgeon, living in St. Mark's-crescent, Queen's-ro:d, Primrose-hill, and he sued the defendant, lMr. Broniley. auctioneer, in the Commercial road, to recover damages for a trespass in the plaintiff's house. The defendant pleaded leave and license, and also paid 40s. into court for any excess. It appeared from the plaintiff's statement in his examination in chief and on cross-examination. and by the evidence of the witnesses caUed for the defence, that some yearn since lie had advertised for a gQverness for his children, and had engaged a lady named Fenn. Hersalary wasto balOgeineas per annam. but no salary was ever paid, though she remained several years. He got into difficaltics, and, havin" found out that his governess had a little money in the bank, he induced her to lend him 2001. to savehis furnitare from being taken in execution. He subsequently obtained from her a further sum of 1001, and executed to her what was desc-ibed as a bill of sale of his furniture. The witnesses today said that the furnitare in question would fetch from SOt. to 901. at a sale by auction. After having been about four years in his service, and not having received one farthing of her salary, or for the interest of the loan, Miss Fenn was married to a gentle.nan named Evans. She made her husband acquainted vith the loan, and Air. Evans at once applied for the money. The plaintiff on the 4th of March last wrote a letter in which he admitted the debt. and proposed to insure his life and to exchange the policy for the bill of sale, stating that he thought the policy would be a better security. Mr. Evans at once placed the matter in his attorney's hands, and the defendant wee employed to take away and sell the goods. When t'he defendant's clerk went totheplaintiffs honse theplaintif induced him not to sell the goods, but at the plaintiff's request a man was left in possession, the defendant saying that he was about to dispose of his practice, and tho whole might bX sold together. The man accordingly remainod for 17 days, and was bearded by the pLaintiff; but on the 26th of April he was turned out, and, having gone again on the 29th, he ws again expelled. It appeared that Mr. Evans had brought .an action aginst the plaintiff for the recovery of the loan of 3004, and that the plaintiff had pleaded a 6et off, in which he claimed 345 guineas in respect of board and physic supplied to his governess, at the rate of 3 guineas a-week for 116 weeks; but in that action Mr. Evans obtained a verdict on reading the present plaintiff's letter of the 4th of March, in which he admitted the debt. T'he Judge grauted immeediate execution; but when the officers went to the house they found it barricaded, so that execution could not be levied. The plaintiff therefore still remained in possession of the goods, which it now appeared bad been absolutely sold to Miss Fenn by the alleged bll of Pale.. Before the close of the defendant's case the jury clearly expressed the opinion which they had formed of the pl'aintiff's case. Lord CJ"EVPBFLL having made an appeal to Mr. Gray as tolwhether he would proeed, Mr. .C-aRa asked his Lordship whetber ho tbought there was any evidence of leave anid -license, and, on being answered in the affrnmative, he said he did not thinkhreshould be injuringhis client by retiring. Lord C.u[rBrLL said he thought the plaintiff hd eecape4 some severe remarks-that would otherwasebavebeenmade. The jury then found theizrverdiot for the defendant.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, WI===n, JuNm 18. TARRA?NT V. WEBB. , t'n"Ia~ Ig vZ7anGoy ajter 2'e-MI beJfrC Lardn Chief Justice Jxavls anct Judties CRFSwELL anczd WULn MR.1 LaMs Ws an action tried an M1iddlesex. at the sittings after Trinity term, before Mr. Justice Crowder, in which a verdict was found for the plaintiff. with 251. damages. A nile - sun for a new trial having ceen obtained on the ground of nisdirection MIr. Udall showed cause against the rule, and Mr. tL Smith, Q.C., and 3Mr. G. B. Hiughes supported it. The plaintiff it appeared, is a journeyiman painter, and the defendant a house decorator, in Great Titchfield-strect. In October, 1853, the defendant was employed as a contractor, to decorate the Carlton Club, and in pursuance of that contract he caused a scafohlding to be erected in the entrance-hall, on which the plaintiffwas engaged at work -in October last, when the scaffblding fell and plaintiff broke his leg. The defendant had engaged a sub-contractor to erect the scaffolding. The learned Judge directed the jury that it was the duty of the defendant to employ competent xmen to erect the scaffolding. If the jury thought the man employed was not conimtent the defendant was liable. The jury found for the plaintiff, with 2.5!. damages. 'The LoRD CuIEF-JuSTICE said the defendant was bound only to do his beat; he was not bound to w.arrant competency in the man he' employed. The Court thought the directon wrong. The defendant might have taken all pains to select a competent man to erect tho scaffolding, but, nevertheless, he might not be competent; if so, the defendant ought not to be liable. The other learned Judges concurred. Rule absolute for a new trial. slSAON V. THE GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY CON Y. DUNIL1 V. TILE NORTH-WESTERN RALWV.Y COMPANY. The first of these causes was an action against the Great -Western Railway Company for damage done to a quantity of furniture conveyed by them to Taunton, which they so negligently carried that it was damaged and broken. The defendants pleaded a number of pleas, among others - that the furniture woas insufficiently packed; and the third Elea was that a special agreement had been entered into, y w cn the defendants were not to be answerable for loss or damage, however caused. The question came before the Court on demurrer. 3fr. Hosx- iLLm.N argued for the plaintiff, and Mr. PIERcE for the defendants. For the plaintiff it was contended that such a special contract as that insisted on, by notice, was void under the Railway and Canals Traffic Act (17 and 18 Victoria, c. 31, s. 7), unless in writing signed by the parties. The second case was an appeal from the decision of the County Court Judge of Liverpool. An action was brought by the plaintiff for damage done to three crates of meat, - sent from Liverpool to London, which was spoiled from not - being forwarded within a reasonable time. The plaintiff bfad signed a note, which purported that the carriage should - be at the owner's risk. The company relied upon the spe- cial contract as being signed and within the provision of the Railway and Canals 'T'rafEc Act, and exonerating them from responsibility. The County Court Judge decided against them, and gave damages to the plaintiff under one of the provisoes of the 7th section,-that nothing in the statute should be construed to prevent railway companies from maldag such conditions with respect to the receivin" forwarding, and delivering of goods, lx., '" as shall be . judged by the Court or Judge. before whom any question orelating thereto shal be tried to be just and reason- Mr. Bovill, Q.C. (with him Mr. Dowdesweli), appeared for the appellants; and hlr. UJnthankc (Mr. Ml with him) for the respondents. The Csssxs'-Jusnes, in delivering judgment, said it seemed to him that in this case the intention of the Legislature was to place thewhole raiway system under the control of the Courts. The previous section of the statute referred to gave Large powers to the Court of Common Pleas, but tnere were various questions which might arise with reference to what was at the time of the passing of the statute greatly complained of-namely, special contracts resulting from notices, which prevented parties from recovering for loss or damage of goods, when, in truth, they were bound by the monopoly of railway companies to carry by no other way. The fair meaning of the section was this :-In the first place it declares that all notices shall be null and void, in so far as they go to relieve the company from responsibility, but that shall not prevent conditions being made between the company and the p.arty, but -which conditions shall be adjudged to be reasonable by the Court; and then, in order to make such conditionsbinding. they must be signed by the party. The section, therefore, would run thus:-General notices limiting liability shall be nul and void; but parties may mnake special contracts provided they be adjudged just and reasonable; and where on the one hand you complain that you are compelled to make special contracts, on the other the Legislature will give them the security of the Courts that the contract made is just and reasonable. Apply that rule as to the first case brought before the Court, and the C ourt thought the fourth plea, as to the mileage, just and reasonable; and that the third plea was bad, because it sought to relieve the conmpany from responsibility forthe loss of goods by reason of insufficient package, which -was an insuffcient answer if the whole package was lost. With respect to the second case the same construction would apply. But, in order to ascertain whether the contract was jnst and reasonable, the Court must have better materials to judge of the facts. As to the first case, the judgment would be for the plaintiff on the third plea and for the defendant on the fourth plea. As to the second case, it must he sent down again for betterinformation. Judgment accordingly. (Sittinzgs at .isiPrins, at Webstininster, before dlr. Justice W.LLES and Special Jurlies.) DOWVST V. 3MTTH}EWS, This was an action brought to try the right to a ferry from the Isle of Dogs across the river Thames to Greenwich. A great portion of the day was occupied by the reading of deeds and other documentary evidence, a report of which would be wholly vwithout interest to the general reader. COURT OF EXCHEQUER, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 18. (Before the LORD C1IEF BARON and a Commzon Jury.) JANMES V. AUSTIN MU-D OTUERS. Mr. Serjeant Shee and Mr. fiance were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Hoggins and Mfr. Barstow appeared for the defendant. This was an action of ejectment. The plaintiff granted a lease for a term of yeirs of a certain field and premises situated at Uxbridge to the defendant, who paid a premium of 300!. The lease contained a covenant to repair and also a covenant not to underlet the field. It appeared that the defendant did underlet the field very shortly after he had obtained the lease to a person named Hludson, whereby the lease became forfeited. UJpon this breach the present action was brought to recover possession, and for damages for the non-repair of the premises. The defence set up was that the plaintiff' had waived the forfeiture. The case lasted nearly the whole day, and it was ultimately agreed between the parties to withdraw a juror, either party to pay theirown costs. PIECE V. BONET, Mr. Bovill and Mr. Charles Polock were counsel for the plaintiff; Mir. Serjeant Parry and Mr. Lush appeared for the defendant. This wasan action for an illegal distress. It offered no feature of public interest worthy of a report.
INSOL VENT DE.BTOR2 COURT, June 18. I ]RE JOIIS PRIMROSE. (Before Afr. Commimioner PmiTTps. a .tu , cb c was reporect m Thae IlMes or yesterday's date, hadbeen adjourned, n order to enable the insolvent, if possible, to effect an arrangement with his opposing creditor. When the case was called on to-day it was announced that no arrangement had been made, and a further postponement was asked for. Air. Commissioner Pmlips refused to grant any further adjournment, as he did not think it proper that complaints should be urged and cases proved against insolvents with a view, not of iviting the judgment of the Court, but of compelling a settlement with the particular creditor. In this case he was of opinion that the insolvent had made an untrue representation to the opposing creditor, and upon that account his discharge would be delayed until he had been in custody for a period of eight calendar months from the date of the vesting order.
CENTRAL CRIMINAL COUBT, June 18. OLD COTJRT. tBefor*e MI- Justice COLERIDGE anzG M-. Justice CROWDER.) hlary Eliza M'Nair, alias MIary Eliza MIinikia, 44, a well-dressed ladylike woman, was indicted for unlawfully obtaining money by false pretences and with intent to defraud. Mr. Clarkson and Mr. Maule appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Serjeant Ballantine and Mr. Pierce were connsel for the defendant. The learned counsel for the prosecution, in openin,, the case, said that it was a charge instituted by the East india Company, and the offence imputed to the defendant wvas that she had unlawfully obtained from a fund distributed by the authority of that Company, called " Lord Clive's Fond," a considerable sum of money by falselypretending that she was a widow, when in point of fact she was married, and by reason of that change in her condition was no longer entitled to payment from the fund in question. He then proceeded to state that the prisoner was the widow of an officer in the Indian army who died in.;83S, and, umder the rules of the East India Comnpany, she was entitled to a pension from the Lord Clive's Fund, and also another pension from a fund caUed the " Madras Fund," but she was no longer entitled to the receipt of either of those pensions if she married again. The prisoner, it appeared, had received them from the year 1839 down to December of last year, w-hen in conse nence of some information that was received by Messrs. Cod and , thearmy agents, whohadactedfor her up to that time, they declined to do so any longer, and when the folowing quarter's pension became due the prisoner herself applied at the proper office, and produced a declaration that she was stil unmarried and had never contracted a second marriage, and upon this she was paid the amount. He said he should show that on the 28th of May, 1SG, the prisoner was married at Bow Church to a person named Joseph Cliarles Mfinikin, and by that proceeding she had forfeited her claim to the pension. It appeared, however, that she had ever since gone on claiming and receiving the money, and upon these facts becoming known to the authorities of the East India House they felt that they had no alternative but to institute the present prosecution. The following evidence was then adduced -- Lieutenant Edward King said, he was formerly in the 25th Regiment of Madras Native Infantry. He was acquainted with Captain Archibald AFNair, and had visited him and the prisoner in India. The prisoner was his wife. arn. Alfred Bennett, a clerk in the house of Messrs. Codd and Co., army agents, proved that he transacted the business of the prisoner in reference to the pensions to which she was entitled from the East India Company since the year 1843. At the latter endof last year the firm received a letter, which suggested that no more money should be paid to the prisoner, as she was not legally entitled to receive the pensions any longer, as she was married, and the writer promised to produce documents to show that what was stated was correct. Witness showed this letter to the prisoner, and she denied that she was married in the most positive manner, and in consequence of this denial, and the fact that the writer of the letter did not make his appearance with the proofs he had promised, the firm continued to act for the prisoner until December last, and she received the pension to that period. In March they received another letter, stating that the certificate of the prisoner's marriage should be produced, and upon this letter being shown to the prisoner she made nio remark. He then told her that she had forfeited her right to the pension, and that in the face of theletterin question they could not pay her any more money or interfere in any way to obtain it for her. In A\pril, 18.56, the prisoner made another application to Messrs. C,odd, toknow what steps she should take to obtain the pensions. The witness was here shown two documents, and he stated that he believed they were signed by the defendant. One of them was a declaration signed "Eliza M'Xair," which was to the effect that she was the widow of Captain Archibald M'Nair, and that she had not contracted a second marriage. A document was also put in, signed by the Rev. Mr. Redfern, the curate of St. Pancras, which certified that he had seen and exaamined Eliza M'Nair, and he firmly believed her to be the person she represented herself to be. The Rev. Mfr. Redfern was called, and he stated that he saw the defendant at her lodging in Tottenham-court-road, and he signed the certificate in question at her request. In answer to a question put by Mr. Justice COLERIDGE, the witness said that the defendant was an entire stranger to him at the time he siened the certificate of her identity, and he knew nothing whatever about her. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE inquired of the rev. gentleman whether he was to understand that he had signed a certificate that he believed the defendant was the person she represented herself to be, when in point of fact he knewv nothing at all about her'? The Rev. Mr. Redfern replied that this was the usual course taken with certificates of this description. - Mr. Justice COLERIDGEsaid, that if thereverendgentleman would only consider for a moment he must see that such a course of proceeding was extremely improper. If no inquiry was made, the certificate was no guard whatever. The practice really ought to he discontinued. Tlhe Rev. Mr. Bedfern said it should be discontinued in future. Mr. Serjeant BALLATINFlE then put some questions to Mr. Bennett on cross-exaamination, and he stated that the prisoner was a native of India and that she was married in that country. The fund out of which the prisoner -was paid the pension in question was established by Lord Clive and a woman was only elititled to it so long as she remained a widow. If she married and became a widow a second time, she would not be entitled to have the pension renewed. The Rev. G. T. Driffield, the rector of St. 3rary Stratford, Bow, proved that on the 28tll of May, 1846, a marriage was solemnized at that church between Joseph Charles Minikin and Mary 3'Nair. He produced the register of marriages signed by the parties. Ile could not identify the prisoner, but the woman who was so married represented that her father's naTne was Gray, and tlat he was a colonel in the army. The woman signed the reg ister in the nanie of Mary 31inikin. Mr. Bennett was recalled, and he stated that he understood from the prisoner that the name of her father was Gray. He also said he had no doubt that the signature, " Mary Minikin,' to the marriage register was in the handwnriting of the prisoner. Mr. C. A. 3Mason, a clerk in the military department of the East India Company, deposed that the husband of the risoner wasacaptain inthel5th Regiment of Madras Native Infantry, and he died in 1838. Mary Eliza M'Nair, his widow, was entitled to a pension on the Lord Clive Fund and was admitted to that fund, and would have continued upon it so long as she remained a widow. The amount of the pension from Lord Clive's Fund was 451. 12s. 6d. per annum, and before any payments were made it was necessary that the party claiming it should make a declaration that she had not contracted a second marriage. On the 5th of April the prisoner came to the office, and produced the usua declaration and certificate, with a view to obtain the pension. He asked her how it happened that it was not claimed, as it had been before, through Mesas. Codd ? and she said, that she was Mrs. Ml'NMair, and that she was desirous of receiving the money herself personally. He then gave her the usual warrant to enable her to get the quarter's pension. Mr. Lowe, a gentleman engaged in the establishment of Messrs, Grindley and Co., the agents for the AIadras Fund, proved that the prisoner applied to him for the pay- I snent due to her from that fund in April last. He asked her 1 if she was Mrs. M'Nsair, and she said she was; and he then told her that, in consequence of something that had taken place with Messrs. Codd and Co. he could not pay her until he had communicated with that firm; and he accordingly wrote to them, and received a letter in reply, informing him that they had declined to act for the prisoner because they had received information, upon which they considered they ought to place reliance, that she was married and was no longer entitled to the pension The prisoner came again a day or two afterwards and he showved her the letter, and asked her if there was any truth in the ramour that she was married ? She declaredthere waus no truth in the rumours, and he asked her if she would make an affidavit that she was not married. She asserted that she was not married, but said she would not make an affidavit to that effect. A few days after this th. prisoner came again to his office, and she was taken into custody. Evidencewas then adducedto show that,afterthemarriage, the prisoner and a man, who sometimes passed by the name of Gray, and sometimes by that of Minikin, lived together at different lodgings as man and wife, - In answer to inquiries made hy MEr. Serjeant B,LLA-NTINE, the fact was elicited that the body of the declaration and the certificate were fliled up in the handwriting of the prisoner's husband. Mr. Serjeant BAnT TAITA E, at the close of the case for the rosecution, made a most earnest address to the jury on ehalf of the defendant. He observed upon the fact that it was clear that if she had chosen to live a life of sin she might have gone on receiving these pensions, and although, of course, it was no part of his duty to complain of the regulations of the East India Company in this particular, yet it was clear that the prisoner was a pure and honourable-minded woman, and that she would not incur the disgrace and shame of an illicit connexion with a man, and he had therefore a right to urge that it was unlikely she should knowingly commit a fraud of this description. The evidence showed that she was a woman of good family and position. She was evidently utterly ignorant of European habits and customs, and he urged that there were sufficient facts in the case to justify the jury in coming to the conclusion that the prisoner had become connected with a worthless fellow, and that she had committed the act at his instigation, and that he had now deserted her and left her to bear all the punishment. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE having summed up, The jury returned a verdict of Guilty, but recommended the prisoner to mercy, on the ground that she might have acted under the indluence of her husband. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE, in passing sentence, said that frauds of this description were of the most serious character, as they not only tended to divert the funds that were intended for a most praiseworthy object from their legitimatepurpose,but alsomaterially reducedthe amountto which worthy otjects were entitled. It had been urged that the prisoner might have acted in ignorance,but, although charity might be strained so far as to render this probable in the earlier stages of the transaction, yet it was elear that in December she had received a positive notice that she was no longer entitled to the pension, and the respectable gentleman who had acted as her agent declined to do so any longer, and yet after this she hadclaimed and received another quarter's pension, to which she must have known she was not entitled. He was always most ansious to give effect to the recommendation of mercyby aninteDigent jury, but he was bound at the same time to take care of the interest of the public, and, under all the circumstances of the case, he felt it to be his duty to order her to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for 12 monthsw It was stated by Mr. CLAR1;SON, at the conclusion of the case, that the total amount of money improperly claimed by the prisoner since her marriage was nearly 2,000l. Edward Owen, 23, John Ingram Owen, 28, and George Smith Owen, 26, brothers, pleaded " Guilty" to several indictments, charging them with uttering forged checks, and also forged orders for checkbooks, with intent to defraud. Air. M'ESTEE7, who appeared for the defence, said that the prisoners hadpleaded guilty by his advice, and he urged onbehalfof theyonngerprisonerthat he had been drawn into the transaction by his elder brothers. Mr. Bonsers, who, with Mr. Sleigh, was instructed for the prosecution on behalf of the Bankers Association, said, he believed there was some reason for snpposing that the prisoner Edward Owen had to some extent been an instrument inthe hands of his brothers, but the frauds imputed to the prisoners were of the most ingenious and extensive character. It appeared that they had gone to different tradesmen to whom some relation of theirs was indebted, and represented that they were desirous of paying the balance that was due. They then produced a check for 10l. or 121. to pay the debt, and the parties being thrown off their guard they readily handed over the difference. The fraud did not end here, for having by this means obtained thetsignatures of the parties, they make use of them to forge orders on their names for checkbooks, and then drew forged checks; and it appeared that in a great many instances they had not only succeeded in obtaining the balance upon the forged checks they gave to the tradesmen, but 1uad also obtained money to a considerable amount by means of forged checks upon bankers. Mr. Justice CRom-DER said, he would look at the depositions and consider what sentence ought to be pronounced. Charles Langdon, 32, was indicted for feloniously uttering a forged al. Bank of England note with intent to defraud. IMr. Clarkson and M1r. Bayley prosecuted; the prisoner was defended by Mr. Hughes. The facts of the case were somewhat peculiar. It apgeared that the prisoner was a waiter at the Flora-gardens, rwelL ancl on the 19thof May he went to the house of z. hEarston, a publican living in that neighbourhood, and asked him for change for a 51.-note, saying that it was for his "governor," meaning Mr. Stacey, ono of the proprietors of the gardens ; and lie received the change. It also appeared that on the 13th and the 18th of MNay he Passed two other 51.-notes at the houses of different publcans named Woollcock and Fletcher, and received change, and the whole of these notes turned out to be forged. The prisoner, who, it appeared, was well knowvn to all the parties, was at once applied to upon the subject of the notes, and he immediately said that he had been sent to change them by a man named Plumley, who filled the situation of ticket-collector at the Flora Gardens, and thathe gave hin a shilling upon each occasion. He offered at once to go to Phunley's house, and he and the persons who had changed the notes, accompanied by a constable, accordingly did so, when it was found that he had decainped and lie has never since been heard of. The only question in the case was, whether the prisoner had been the dupe of Plumley, or whether he had a guilty knowledge with regard to the nature of the transaction. The jury, after considerable deliberation, returned a verdict of .ot Guilty. Henry Bartelot, 32, was charged with a iiiisdemeanour, in having unlawfuUy and wilfully detained and delayed certain newspapers passing through the Post-office from being delivered in due course. Mr. Clarkson and Mr. Bodkin conducted the prosecution; Mr. Payne was counsel for the defence. This indictment was framed under a special act of Parliament, which renders it a misdemeanour for any person employed in the post-office to delay or detain newspapers or any printed matter of the like kind passing through the post-office, and subjects any person convicted of the offence to fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of the Court. It appeared that the prisoner was engaged as a sorter of newspapers at the General Post-office, and in consequence of some suspicion that was entertained a watch was set upon his proceedings, and on the 7th of May three newspapers, from which the addresses had been torn off, were seen to come down a letter shoot in the room where the prisoner was engaged. He was immediately questioned requesting those newspapers, and at first he denied knowing anything about them * hut on his being told that he would be searched he p reduced the covers bolonging to them, and said that he had taken them off because he could not make out the addresses, and, as he had been fined for missorting some newspapers before, in order to avoid being fined a second time, he tore off the addresses and threw the newspapers down the shoot. The prisoner, it appeared, had been five or six years in the service of the Post-office. The jury returned a verdict of "Guilty," but recommended the prisoner to mercy. He was sentenced to be imprisoned for one month. NEW COURT. (Before the RECORDER*) The cases tried in this court during the day were wholly devoid of public interest. In two cases of burglary where four men were convicted the RECORDER in passing sentence said, that the crime was so seriously upon the increase that he should feel it to be bis duty to pass the most severe sentence upon those convicted of that class of offence, hoping that such punishment would deter others from the commission of such crimes. Two of the men convicted having been before imprisoned were senitenced to 14 years' transportation, and the other two to 5 years' penal servitude. THIRD COUIRPT. (Before the Cos0IMON SERJEANT.) Edward Keen, alias Canes, p leaded " Guilty" to stealing a quantity of workmen's tools, and also to stabbing and wounding Henry Cross, a constable, with intent to resist his lawful apprehension. The COSSMoN SERJEANT asked whether the prisoner was known ; and being answered in the negative ordered him to be imprisoned for 12 months, adding that his murderous attack upon the officer was the worst part of his offence. Jane Vanderstein, 20, widow, and James Barker, 28, barman, were indicted for stealing 1S yards of riband, the property of Elizabeth Harriett Cooper. Mr. Payne prosecuted; Mr. Sleigh and Mr. Langford defended. It appeared that the female prisoner went into the shop of the prosecutrix, who keeps a draper's at Tulse-hill, Brixton, where she was detected stealing the riband. The male prisoner, who had been seen in her coinpany, followed when she was being taken to the station, and having got some distance upon the road he struck the constable a most violent blow upon the head with a stone slung in a handkerchief, and then ran off. The constable, although very much injured, kept hold of his prisoner, and some one who saw the assault upon the officer followed and captured the man, who said he was sorry be had not donc more injury to the constable. The jury found them both Guily. The man, it appeared, was not known to the police, but the woman had only been a short time out of prison, she having suffered 12 months' imprisonment for a simUar offence. They were sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment and hard labour. Harriet Graham, who it will be recollected was last session found guilty of attempting to discharge a loaded pistol at Mr. Graham, of the Princess's Theatre, was brought up and sentenced to four months' imprisonment.
POLICE. M&NSION-XEOUSE.-Sarah Gardiner, a young woman of an interesting appearance, was brought before the Lord NAYOR for ze-examination, charged with having committed several robberies. Ann Buckland, of No. 1, Hatchet-court, Little Trinitylane, said,-The prisoner is a stranger to me. I live in the attic. On the morning of the 10th of June. at five minutes past 9 o'Vlock3 I retuined lnome and found the prisoner eit- tineinmyroom. Iaskedher what she -want-de,and she asked ne if I went out to work. - I saidl did, and she then said she wanted me to go to work at No. 22, Queen-street, that a familyrecommended me, and that her -mistress's sister sent her to me. I said I would rather not take the work, as I had offices to attend, and she replied thatmy time. should be their time, and there were lots of old clothes and broken food to be given away. I declined it, but said if she would show me the house I would be obliged, and she said she was going to her mistress's sister, and she -wrote the ad-. dress, and I found it was all false. Elizabeth Carter, of No. 7, Sugarloaf-court, Garlickhill, said,-On Monday, the 2d of June, she came to mr place and asked for a charwoman. She did not know tlho nanie, and said she came from Finsbury-park, and asked me if I went out charing I said I did. and she told me she wanted me togo tors. -, No. 14, Finsbury-square, where I was to have3s. 6d. a-day, and two or three pints of beer. I found it was all false. After she was gone I missed a pair of earlings, a locket, and a small gilt tobacco-stopper, which I had seen safe while she was in the room. I had given her a pen to write the direction, but she said she could not write with it, and I went out to get her another. The pen I had first given her was a good one, but her object was to get me out of the room. Edward Hemming, 2,jBrewer's-lane, Upper Thames-street, said the prisoner called at his room and stated that she wanted a charwoman, that she was recommended to apply to his wife, and wished her to go to Mrs. Blandfield, 2Z Queen-street, Cheapside, where she would get 3s. a-day and two pints of beer. Witness's wife said she could not go till Thursday. The prisoner stopped till a quarter to S o'clockc, and then asked tor a glass of water and went away. Nothing was lost, but the message was all false, and at the address it was stated that three persons had been there on the morning the poor womanacalled to work. Another Woman, upon whom the prisoner had called for the purpose of getting her out of the way, gave evidence of a similar kidnd. J. Moore, 439, said that in consequence of information which he had received ho watched and saw the Prisoner lurking abent Queen-street, and took her into custody, when se denied all knowledge of any of the matters above stated. The LOnn MnYou directed that particnlar inquiries should be made into the character of the prisoner, and remanded her for a few days. His LORDsHrr sentenced a man named Michael Phillips to imprisonment for two rmonths, with hard labour, for having beaten his wife. GUnDIIALL.-Mfary Kelly and Bridget Hemingway, two respectably-dressed women, were brought up, charged with picking a lady's pocket in St. Paul's Churchyard. The officer said he had observed the prisoners for sorme short time, and at length saw them go close up to a lady who was lookinglintolHitchcock's shop, in St. Paul's Churchyard, and one of them took something from the lady's pocket. He watched them going in the diection of Paternoster-row, and then inquired of the lady if she had lost anything, when she immediately missed her purse. The officers then went after the prisoners, who, on being taken into custody, endeavoured to get rid of some money which they were carrying in their hands. Mrs. Clare said she lived at Wisbeach, but that she had lately been staying in town, and was in St. Pauls Churchyard, when the officer asked her if she had lost anything. She was not aware of having been robbed, but on being.told she found that her purse, containing it. and about 9_. in silver, was gone. Alderman HuaPsEnn askedif the pursehad been found. The officer said it had not, but he found on one of the prisoners a sovereign, a shilling, and two sixpencee. Mrs. Clare, on examining the money, identified one of the sixpences by apeculiar mark upon it, which she had previously noticed. Alderman HnPRESRY ordered the mhoney to be given up to the prosecutrix, and committed the prisoners for three months to the House of Correction, with hard labour. MAns.OxOUoH-srnaEn.---ilIiam Hurlock, cab-driver, was charged wiith cruelty to his horse. Mr. Thomas Thee, merchant, 22, Argyll-street, saw the defendant on Thursday week, in Oxford-street, whipping his horse unmercifully, varying his bnutulity by pulling up the horse suddenly, so as almost to pul its neck off. Tlhis conduct was repeated five or six times, until he went up to him and told him ho should summons him for his cruelty. He then hired the defendant, and told him to drive to the nearest police-station, but the defendant refused to takehim. Tfhe defence was that the horse was lazy, and the punishment was given to cure the animal of its bad habits. Mr. BEADON considered that a case of wanton barbarity had been clearly made out, and inflicted a fine of 10s. and costs. WEsT2NSrsm.-Johii Wright, a chimney-sweeper, was charged with assaulting and wounding his wife. Eh1tabeth White, 41, Chapel-street, Birompton, said that the prisoner and his wife were separated, and he cohabited with another woman. On Tuesday night she saw defendant's wife knocking at his door, but he was out, and she remained waiting for him until half-past 12, when he came home. She then spoke to him kindly, but he replied with very abusive epithets, and as he went into the house she threw a pint-pot after him, which, however, did not strike him. In a few rminutes afterwards he came out with a thick chimney-sweeping machine stick in his hand, and struck her a desperate blow with it on the back of her head, and she fell in the road. He then came up to witness and struck at herfourtimes, and used the most opprobrious epithets to her. He then went into his house, but returned a second time,when, his wife having risen from the ground, he struck her another. blow on the head with the machine stick, and she wa*s then carried to the hospitaL. Charles Sutton, 139 B, said he had visited the injured woman that morning at the hospital, and she seemed in great danger. The house surgeon could nut say what might be the result, or when she would be able to attend. The prisoner said that lie brought out the machine stick to defend himself against Mrs. White's husband and his lodger. hEr. Amrorsa remanded the prisoner for a week, and refused hail. Charles Rush, a labouring man, of repulsive appearance, was charged by MIargaret, his wife, under the 3following circumstances: Complainant said that at 7 o'clock on the previous evening defendant came home intoxicated, and, havingwithout any provocation pulled her out of a sick bed, kicked her most unmercifully about the body, and bit her right ear. lie also endeavoured to strangle her by tying ahandkerchief tightly round her neck, but her cries brought assistance, and she was rescued. MIr. Anxonn inquired whether he had rnl-treated her before. Complainant replied that he was in the constant habit of doing so. He had commenced a week after their marrige 14 months ago, and was continually biting beating, and kicking her. Ie ill-treated her so severely on Monday night that she kept her bed on Tuesday, when ho dragged her outand repeated hius vmilence. Mr. Ahors LD inquired whether there was any cause for his behaviour. Complainant replied, not that she was aware of. She added that she had formerly obtained a summons against him at this court for his brutal teatment, but didnot sp- par against him, since which, shout two months ago, she hrad been laid up in consequence of a kick ho gave her. Sarah Welsh and Ell1en Devani, fellow lodgers in the house, proved that defendant and his wife came to reside there about a month ago, since which htme he had beate her almost daily, and her cries were most distressin". Polce-constable George Dale, 81 B, said that between 7 and 8 o'clock on the previous evenina he was told a man was murdering his wife, and went to t'keir abode. Hfe found the woman lying on the floor, bleeding from the right ear and there was some blood on her left arm. Witness conveyed her to the hospital. Defendant was drunk. Defendant said thatit all bean by her threatening to turn his two children by a former wife out. She was in the habit of beatng and neglecting them. He denied the assault, and said she must have got the injuries she bore by his pushing her away from him. The women Welsh and Devani were recalled, and said that complainant was most affectionate and attentive to the children. Defendant repeated that she grossly neglected them, and was very violent to him. He added that he was an eIntlishman, and that his wife and the women Welsh and Devani, wmho were Irish, and all came from the same part, were all combined againt hin, and that he did not dare say his soul washis his own. Mr. ARnOLD observed that in order to afford him eveyn opportunity of calling any witnesses he might be able to procure he would remand hi u for a day. Defendant was remanded accordingly. Woiisrm'-srmsvlE.-Afr. D'EvxcouwrT has received 6o from "Z. Y. N.," for the poorbox. CharlersushaL-Benjamin Dalliston, eloery Jones, George Irving, and William Roberts, the four men who standcharged with breaking and entering the dwellinghouse of m essrs. Heyward and Evans, of the Waterloohouse, Battle-bridge, and sealig therefrom silk of the valne of vOaio, were again placed at the bar on remand before MIr. TynwsnrrT for re-examination. The evidence taken on auformer occasion has already appeared in this journal; and, the police requiring furtherytime to complete the ease, the prisoners were remanded until Monday next. "F. G." has sent lOs., and " Tam O'Shanter" lOs., for Mrs. Gill, the poor woman who was accidentally shot in the arm by some boys playing at " Turk-s andl Russians" in Clerkenwell. LxarsBTrn.-Thomas Scholfield, a blind nian, applied to Mr. ELIJOTT for his assistance to enable him to get back to his place of residence, near Bolton, in Lancashire. From the statement of the poor fellow, who seems an exceedingly decent and well-spoken young man, it appeared that he was the son of humble parents at Hatherton, near Bolton, was born blind, and had been supported by his father, who is a weaver, up to the time of his'leaving home, nearly three weeks ago. His father becoming advanced in years, and his sight partially failing him, his earnings were scanty, and scarcely able to maintain himself, and he (applicant) in consequence made up his mind to come to London to seek admission into the Blind School in St. George's-fields, and acquire a knowledge of one of the trades taught there, so as to be enabled to earn his own living, and prevent his being a burden either to his aged parent or the rntepayers of the parish. With this object in view he started from home on Monday fortnight, walked first to Manchester, and then to London. Mr. ELLIorT asked how he managed to travel such a lengthened journey in safety? and the poor fellow replied that, " hearing" the hedges on each side, he managed to keep the centre of the road as near as possible, and traveled the whole distance without a single accident, but the roughness of the road had very nearly worn out a stout pair of shoes. He never. he said, ran foul of any impediment that was as tall as himself, as he always "heard" it as he approached, and therefore avoided it. The lamp-posts, he said, he "heard" as he approached within a couple of yards of then, and could count every one on the side of the street on which he passed. The impediments which "puzzled" him were short posts, or heaps of stones not sufficiently high to reach his ear, but he generally managed to avoid accidents. He proceeded to say that on arriving in town he proceeded to the Blind schoo, and 2aRd an mntervidw~- with- both the superintendent and the chaplain of the institution, and from these gentlemen he learnt, to his great disappointment, that he was inelinible to become a candida'te, or inmate, his age being 22, ana no person beingreceived over 2. On hearing his statemaent, however, both the gentlemen sympathized with him, and expressed their regret that he had not applied for adimission two years before, but they added, as he understood them, that if extraordinary interest was made on his behalf, the rules of the institution might be relaxed in his favour. This, however, as farashe was concerned, didlnot adlto his hopeofbecomingan inmate,for without asingle friendinLondon, and in his present humble station it was notlikely that he could move the interest required, and the only prospect before him was the dreary one of returning to his humble home, and spending his days in pauperism and a burden to others, while his ardent wishes were that he might become enabled to earn his own subsistence. His little stock of money, he said, was exhausted, and he therefore humbly craved his worship's kind assistance to enable him to reach home. The magistrate and every person in court were much struck and moved by the poor feUow's statement, and the inteligent and earnest manner in which he had made it. Mr. ELo'rr much regretted that he had not made his application to the institution two years ago, and said he knew only of one way by which the interest required for his admission could be moved, and that was bv the publication in the press of his unfortunate case. This, however, he should not recommend, if he did not consider from his statement that he was a deserving object. The magistrate kindly ordered 11. to be given to the poor fellow out of the poorbox, to enable him to get home, and at the same time desired that his address might be kept, so that he might be communicated with in case any benevolent person or persons interested themselves in his behalf. The poor fellow expressed his gratitude to the magistrate in atone and ternmsthat clearly indicated his feeling.
SHIP NEWS. -O . LIV=OOI, sII 18. Wmnd, N.W. Asrrved.-The JessieBoyle, from AIrab-the Winum Stanley, from Laguna-the Cynosure. from Corfu-the Julia G. Tyler, from Ntw Orleans-the Jemima. from Prince Edward Island-the Esther and Margaret and the Towm of Preston. from Requejada-the Edward fynan. from St. John';, New Brunswick-the Brooking, fromIncata. Onthe 10th and 11th of June, in lat. 41NW., long. 10 W., tbe Broolilag pasmed a consEderable quantity of large squaretimber. Off the Port,-The Baltic, the Emua, the Fanny MHenry, and tho Argaum, from New York. Salled.-The North American, for Qnebec-the California, for New Orleans-the Annie, for MIaranham-the Albert Schurinza, forDordt -the The3ssali. for ConDstantinople-the Edward Kaye. for Bombaythe Albion, for Vera Cruz-the Kelvin, forSt. John'g, Nevr Brunswick -the Garrick, for New York-the city of Boston, forMontreal-tho H. ILHaye3,for .Ualtathe John 0'Gaunt, for Calcutta-theNev;l3e, for Bosahay-the Lonsgarten, for Qoehes-the VigiLant, for Ostendthe Visitor, for Naples-the lvangeline, for Calcutta-the Carnatic, for Alexandria-the T;ro, for Toulon-theJoven Anita, for Cadiz, LOmDOic, June lS.-Wmnd ast noon, W.; moderate breeze, and fine, with passing clouds. FAL.MIOUTH, June 16.-ArTived off the port, No. 135 transport ship, in tow ofNo. 386 trAnsport steamer, hound eastward. Arrived, tho Wette Cornelis Zoon de Weth, from Rangoon-the Elbe. from ibrail, -the Ondine, from London, and left for Dublin-the Zebulun, from Constantinople. Wailed. the Otodinj, for Tdieste-the Heobe, for Bristol-the Queen of the West, the Crest of the WVave, and the Janet Pitblado, for IUverpool. Juno 17.-Wind, W.N.W.-Arrived off tho port, the Iflandfrom Al-yab for Bremen. Arrivod, the Anna, from vra., the d lnerMelita, for St. Petersburr-the Jane Mtay. for Hull. BRISToL. .une IS,-Wind, W.N.W.: Light.-Arrived, the F3lol Muir.from .Matanzas-tho Wynyard, from Girgenti-the Tsehlsick. StomPortTalbot-the Estber,frosCork-the Calypo, fromrDublin. Sailed, the Glenelg, for Africa-the Sarah Juaen and the Sophie for Cardiff-the Juvema, for Cork. CoNSr.IS=oPLE, June 5,-Her 3Majesty's shlpLeopard ba been in contact with Her Majesty's ship Sidon and a coalhrig. AU reoeive<. damage, and toe coalbrig has since gone on shore off the Seraglio. BIrDFXORD, June 17.-The Emily, smack, of and from Bridgewatc for Plymouth, was picked up derelict off Trevoc-head, June 15, and bronghtinhere; crewsaved. IGRAVESENiD, Jux; 18. (BY SUBXARIIN AN`D RMnaSE TKLO3LPE.) (From Lloyd') 9 30 a m.-Wind, S.W.; tide, 3 hourse flood: fine. Arrived.-The Trafalgar, from Madras-tho John Scott, from Trinidad-the Panther, from Bonlogne-the Holland, from Ostendthe Batavier, from Rotterdam. Sailed.-The Maranda, for Trieste-the City of London, for Dnbirk -the Albion, from Boulogne-the Blonde, for Pemarmbauco. I p.m.-Wind, S.W, ; tide, last houes flood; filne. Arrived.-The Nestor, from Calcutta. 3p.m. Arrived.-The Hecla, from Palermo-tho Matto% from o Ceres, from CharlotteTown-the Challenge, from Cadiz-tbeAgA%. from Antwerp-the Jane, from Hamburg-the Meraidajtbgtl Bulwer, from Guernsey-tho Gobling, from Memed-tho P&1W;U from Trinidad-the Cossack, fromGuernsey-the Cockermcutbis from Trinidad-the Hercules, from DantsicS-the AUwa1 a m Guernsey. Sailed.-The Lion, for Harlingen-the CerCB, for RottendapbO Defiance, for Bombay-tbe Marobionew of Londonderry, for 8zdaC1 the Victoria, for Adelaide-the Rainbow, for Rotterdwm-the Bull, forflmburg-the Stad Dordrecht, for Dordt-tho Belgium, for OstendL 780 p.m.-Wind, W., tide, lowwater; weather, fine. No arrival. Wailed.-The Lady hDonald, for Moreton Bay. Juioc 17. Arrived.-The Dragon, from Hamburg-the Funret, from Gra,eliaes -the Johanna Gerdina, from Gottenburg-the LordWarristown. from Canton-the Daring, from Cadiz-tho Hope, from Dunkirk-the Nortm America, from Calcutta. DEA, JUNi 18. fBy SummAncm-n A.ND lIliasix T Rw}A'L) (From Lloyd's.) 9 am.-Wmd, N.E., light. Passed.-The Charles, from NewcasUe for GaudelcupO-the Roberl nd Muy, from Sunderland for Bordeaux-the Thomas and Isabella from Shields for Portsmouth-the Catharine, for Gibraltar; tho Cynthia, for Rio Janeiro; the Lance&eld, for Corfu: the John Thomas, for Marseilles; the Thetis, for Petook; and the Loins, for the Cape of Good Hope. al from London-the Thomas Chalmers, from the Baltie for St. Valery-the Mfargaret 3'Donald and the Joba Mearrms, both from the northward for thewestward. Sailed.-The Tadmore, for Dumfrica-the Imperador, for Calcuttathe Dale, the jGeorgo Avery, and the James Gray, -with most of tho outward-bound. Noon.-Wind, W., light. Anehored.-The Liemoyne, from London for Hongkong. 2 p.m.-Wind, E.S.E., light, and fine, 7 30 p.m.-Wmd, S.W., 1ight, and fine. Arrived and Passed.-The Constantine, from Lon don for thc Man. ritius, in towv-the Zebra, from London, and the Thomas Dickenson, from the northward, both for the westward-the F.M. 3Nearwes, from Antwerp for Trieste. Sailel.-The Robert Morrison and the Christiana, outward-bound. Vlmss r Sroirxr Wir. The Plymouth, from Glasgow for Mobile, in lat. 24. long. 49. The Excelsior, 49 days from Dublin for M4 obile. on Baharma Banks. The Eliis Jane. bound for Quebec, June 6, in lat. 47 N., long. 5D W, The Harry Smitb, from Liverpool for Quebec, June 9, in lat. 5D W. The Sft Andrew, from Bomny for Liverpool, June 2, in lat. 25 N., 7 Si5r A. MNWab, from Manillafor London, March 25, in lat. 33 S., The Alonteagle, from Manima for Liverpool, April 3, in ,st. 29 B., long. Si4. The laragon, from Akyab forFalmout4, April14. in lat. 36 B., long. 25 F. The Black Douglas, for London, off St Helena. No. 8.350. secanddistinguishedpendant, outwardbound, Junel3, in lat. 47N., long. OW. The Admiral, for PortPhillip, June 14. in lat. 49 N.. long. 6W. The America, from Liverpool for New York, Mfay 38, in ;at. 42, long. 60. The IThersonese and the Sarah Sands, bothboundto Spitbeacl, Juno 11. off Cape St. Vincent. The American ship No. 632, third distn6guishing pendant, June 1C. in lat. 45 N., long. SW. The Meteor, from Calcutta for London, April 5, in lat. 35 ., long. 27 E. TheJeesie Boyle, from Al*yab for Cork, April 9, inlat, 34 S.,long. V'YE. The Favourite of Aberdeen, from London, Mray4, in lat. 3N., lon,. 25 W. The John Sayer, from London for Ceylon, June 8, in lat. 44 N., long. 14 W. The American Congress. bound W.. May 29, in lat. 43 N., loog.SI W. TheParliament, from.Mobile for Livcrpool, May 14, off Gun Key Light, The Nymph, from London for China, June 5. inlat. 47 X.. long. is8W. The William Witherle, from New Orleans for LIherpool, May 1, ina lat. 25. long. 79. HIGH WATER AT LO1N`DON-BRIDGE THIS DAY. Morning ...... mit n. after 21 Afternoon ...... 36 DAD t
THE MEDITERR¢ANEA N. SOUTHAMPTON, JtzXBE 1S. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw steamer Pera, Captain Soy, vith the India and Mediterranean inails, in charge of Lieutenant Lloyd, R.N., Admiralty agent, we have dates from Alexandria, June 4, Malta, S, and Gibraltar, 13. The Pera brings 139 passengers, and a cargo consisting of 2,364 bales, 26 cases, and 33 boxes of silk; 22 boxes of silk piece goods, three cases of shaNvls, and S2packages of general merchandise. Among the passengers are the Ron. General loow, late Resident at Lucknow, and Mrs. Low; General Brooke, who commanded the Horse Artillery at ChillianwaUah, Guzerat, &c.; 3Major Apperley and family, Colonel Steele, from Calcutta; Colonel Anstruther, C.B., who was taken prisoner during the China war, and was in company w-ith Mrs. Noble, and shown about in a cage, from M1adras ; Eon. Miss Abercromby, Sir C. Maclean, Colonel Williams, R.E., from Mlalta; and Captainthe Hon. George Grey, R.N., from Gibraltar, who has resided 10 years at the Rock as captain of the port, and family. Previous to his departure, MIrs. Grey was presented with her husband's portrait, and a piece of plate, in testimony of regard for him, was given by the inhabitants. During the voyage the Fera experienced strong head. winds. On the 9th inst., off Cape Barr, she exchanged colours with Her Majesty's ship Exmouth, and transport Orinoco (21S), steering towards Malta. l1th.-Exchanged colours with Her Majesty's ships Centurion and Royal George, steering in the samne direction. The same day, she passed and exchanged colours with the Peninsular and Oriental Company's ship Indus, steering eastward. 12th.- 140 miles east of Gibraltar, spoke the United States' frigate Congress, steering westward. 14th.-Observed the transport Progress at anchor in Lagos Bay, three miles south-east of Cane St. Vincent; and on the 1Tth, 50 miles south-west, exchanged colounrs with the screw steamer Vesta, at noon, bound for Oporto. At iMalta were HerMajesty's ships Hiberria, with the flag of Admiral Stopford, Royal Albert, Caradoc, and tender Shearwa.ter. Our intelligence from Gibraltar is to the 13th inst. The British screw steamship GLasgow, Captain Duncan, put into tle B.-y on the 11th to coal, on her way to the Clyde. This vessel has been engaged until lately in the French transport service, conveying munitions of war and troops to the Crimea, and only recently returned from Kamiesch to Marseilles, where she arrived at the beginning of this month rwith a large number of soldiers. Her Majesty's steam troop. ship Vulcan, Captain Bowyear, having had her machinery repaired, proceeded to her destination the same day. It will lberemembered that this steamer, which broke down shortly -fter lenaving Gibraltar on the 31st ult., was towed inbythe Zebra (steam-transport) on the 3d inst. She has on board the 17thRegiment, under the command of Colonel -rthurLowry Cole, C.B., bound for Quebec. The Britannia, steam-trans port, Captain Smith, with the 3d West Middlesex Regiment of Militia on board, left Gibraltar on the same day, and Her Majesty's sailing sloop Modeste, Captain Butler, shortly afterwards-both for England. The British steam-transports flydaspes and Sydneyarrived from the eastward on the morning of the 12th, both full of troops returning from the CrJ ea to England. The 66th Regiment, under the command of Colonel Law, would embark for England in the steam. transport Mauritius, which was getting her machinery repaired at Gibraltar, about the 20th inst. The 92d Highlanders had been removed from the Rosia and Juniper's Bastion to the casemated barracks, vacated by the 94th Regiment, which had left for England. The steam-trans port Etna, with the Sir Robert Sale in tow, left Gibraltar for England with the East Kent Militia, the 51st light Infantry, and a detachment of the 46th Foot on board, on the 5th. The 13th Prince Albert's Light Infantry had arrived at Gibraltar from the Crimea. Her Majesty's steam-frigate Eurotas, cia r-oute to the East, had touched at Gibraltar for coal. The sailing transport Orpheus, with stores from the Crimea for Spithead, arrived at Gibraltar onthe 9th. The British men-of-war Centurion and Seahorse had also called at Gibraltar for coals on their way to the East. The sailing transport Belgravia, with heavy ordnance and a detachment of the 39th Foot, and the Ephemus, laden with Government stores, left for Spithead on the 7th inst. The Gibraltear ChronkicFc publishes the following as a correct account of the capture of the British bark Hymen by the Riffian pirates onthe 14thilt.:_ " The bark Hymen sailed from Liverpool on the 2Sld of April, with a cargo of 600 tonsqof coals, bound for Ancona, the crew consisting of 14 men in all, incliding the owner as passenger. On the 14th of May, having been becalmed the two previous days, the vessel was forced by the current to within 15 miles of the land, and about the same distance West of Cape Tres Forcas, vw-hen 11 boats put off from the shore at 11 a.m., each boat containing from 17 to 25 men, and each man armed with a musket, pistols, and a dirk. They boarded the bark at half-past 1 p.m., and immediately commenced plundering her of every moveable article they could lay their hands on, after which the owner and crew -were taken ashore and detained in the hands of the pirates 20 ilays. Duringthewholeofthistime, havingbeen keptonavery small allowance of barley bread and brackish water, they snflered great hardships by being, marched into the interior, .-most barefooted, under a burning hot sun, with scarcely _a drop of water to quench their thirst. They were in a wretched condition until relieved by Her M1ajesty's steamers Ariel and Retribution, from the officers and crews of which they received the greatest kindness. The whole of the crew ef the Rymen, wEho had gone on to Tangiers in the Ariel returned here last evening en rozute for England, being still only half clothed. The Hymen drove ashore within two days of her being abandoned; and, after eflorts made by the Spanish authorities to get her afloat, in which they were unsuccessful, she broke up, and the fragments were carried by the Moors inland. The owner isonly half insured; the loss to him is, therefore, heavy, but a claim has been made by the Consul at Tangiers on the Moorish Government. 'T'heir grateful thanks are tendered to the Governor of the Spanish settlement of Melilia for the prompt endeavours which he exercised to rescue them from the hands of the pirates, and for forwarding the news of their capture to Malaga that the same might be communicated to Gibraltar with the least possible delay.
RETnPORT ON GOLD AND SILVr.5P WARES.-The Select Committee appointed to inquire into the offices for assaying silver and gold wares in the united kingdom have jus published their report, whichl, witlh the evidence, fils a blue-book of 200 pages. The existing offices are ten in number; their state, as to management and efficiency, differs widely; the smaller offices are generally msost inefficdent, and afford no proper security to the public for the accuracy of their work. The inferior con(hition of these offices may partly be accounted for by their imperfect con- tittution and by the absence of effective regulations for testing the accuracy of assays, and partly by the want of funds to place them in a superior condition. lt has been snade manifest that the laws regulating the assaying of gold and silver are in a most confused and unsatisfactory state ; they are scattered through a multitude of statutes, some of -very ancient date. The committee being of opinion that the practice of assaying is calculated to afford protection to the public against fraud, and ought to be m.aintained, strongly recommend that tlle several statutes now governing the assay offices should be repesled, with a view to renmoving the anomalies and confusion of the existing law by consolidating into one statute all the provisions requisite for the establishment and regulation of assay offices throughont the unitedkingclom, whereby their con,stitution may be placed on a sound footing, and full security afiorded to the public for the correctness of assays in all the offices. Thc committee further recommend that power be given to open new offces whereverit can be shown that the manufacture of gold and silver wares requires it fortthe convernence of trade, and to close any office which is not -wanted, or wvhere the vwork is badly done. This report was earked by five to three votes 17 witnesses were exaamined, uvhose expenses were IO.:'. 1 A TROPICAL BIRD.-It is seldom that the species of birds which are known to inhabit the tropical regions are found atlarge in this country. One of these feathered strgers, however, was slhot in the neighbourhood of Coggeshllo oe Saturday week, and has been committed to the care of Mr. E. B. Earthy, naturalist, for preservation. The ;bird is a splendid itiale srecimen of the smallest of the parrot trib-the zebra Pafroquet; and from its appearance there is reauoa for believing that it has migrated from its native countrY, athough it iiiay possibly have made its escape from coadonement.-Benex Standard. [Why was he shot? Are naturiists determined to reduce us to sparrows 3d the only representatives of British birds i]
THE CRYSTAL PALACE. DISPLAY OF THE GR<EAT FOUNM-S. Yesterday a new phase of that wonderful and almost inexhaustible combination of the treasures of nature and art of which the Crystal Palace, in its scope and design, is intended to be perhaps the grandest embodiment the world ever saw was brought under public notice, and the Qneen and her ilustrious Consort, who have from the first evicced a lively interest in this great national undertaking, graced the ceremony with their presence, as they have done on several previous occasions when other features in the plan have received their practical development. The great fountains and the entire system of waterworks, designed by Sir Joseph Paxton, and intended from the first to form a con. spicuous feature in the attractions of the Palace and its grounds, were for the first time brought. into complete operation, and a vast concourse of persons, including a great number of the elite of the metropolis, assembled to witness the spectacle. On few previous occasions, perhaps, was there so large a number of people conveyed by rail from London to the Palace in so short a time. The terinus at London-bridge, but for the large proportion of ladies, had all the appearance of a Derby day. From 12 o'clock, when the doors of the Palace opened, until 5 trains filled with well-dressed people were despatched to Sydenham with the greatest possible rapidity consistent with safety; and between 5 and C, when the display took pLace, there could not have been fewer than 20,000 persons congregated. The day was singularly auspicious, and nothing could e-xceed the animation and gaiety of the Ecene in the grounds. The elegantly dressed crowcd loitered along the terraces in groups and among the flower-gardens, or settled in greater numbers on the sunny slopes, now mantled with all the bright, rich verdure of sumnmer, while the galleries of the building had each its full complement of occupants, whose eyes now wandered over that English landscape of marvellous beauty and diversity which st retches away on all hands to the very verge of the horion, and now rested on the animated tableau immediately beneath them. Her Majesty and the Prince Consort, the Regent of Baden, Prince Frederick William of Prussia. the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, the Princess Alice, with the Duchess of Atholl, Lady Caroline Barrington, Lord Rivers, LieutenantGeneral Baron Schreckenstein, Colonel Baron Seutter, Lord Charles Fitzroy, andCaptain tlse Hon. de D. Ros, left Buckinghasn Palace at 20 minutes past 4 o'clock in four open carriages and four, escorted by a detachment of the 3d Light Dragoons, and arrived at the Palace precisely at 5 o'clock. The Royal party rode slowly round the grounds, attended by Sir Joseph Paxton, on horseback-, who pointed out to them from time to time the most favourable points for witnessing the display. The bands of the Coldstream Guards, the Royal Artillery, and the company, which were in attendance and stationed at different parts of the gardens, played the National Anthem as Her Majesty entered, and throughout her progress, in making the circuit of the basins, she was greeted with one continued ovation. A few minutes after 5 o'clock, when the Royal cortgeg had reached a position commanding the most advantageous view of the spectacle, the whole system of waterworks, including, besides the fountains on the terraces, the water-temples, the cascades, tise two large waterfalls, and the fountains of the grand lower basins, were brought gradually into operation. The effect was little less than magical, and for an hour afterwards charmed alike the eye and the ear. The large fount.ins in the lower basins, and the circular one situated on the plateau, depend solely upon the water for their effect, and not at all upon architecture or sculpture, like the smaller fountains on the terraces, with which visitors to the Palace have long been familiar. The water which they contain is made obedient to the hand of the artist and shoots into the air, forming innumerable devices of great beauty. Around the circular basin, and inrsome parts of the larger ones, it becomes a liquid hedge, or plays in a network of jets, while in ihe centre and over almost the whole surface of each of the basins it throws up sparkling showers in all shapes, to various heights, some breaking into misty spray at an iamense elevation from the surface. Perhaps no better idea can be given of the magnitude of this magnificent series of fountains and their combined effect, which far excel those of Versailles, than by stating the fact that, when they are in full operation there are 11,788 jets playing, and that the quantity of water displayed simultaneously in them is about 120,000 gallons per minute. The arrangements for a system of waterworks of such vast extent and variety are necessarily somewhat difficult of description. The supply of water for ordinary purposes and for pro-ision against fire within the Palace and through the grounds is comprised in these waterworks. But their principal object is the formation of the great system of fountains, of which the arrangement may be briefly stated. Within the Palace itself are various ornamental fountains, though necessarily of lesser magnitude. The principal of these are the bronze fountains in the basin at the junction of the nave and north transept, and the crystal fountain, which formed so prominent a feature in the Exhibition of 1851. The others are distributed through the architectural courts. Ln the ornamental basins on the terrace, and below it, there are two distinct series of fountains. The upper series comprises the nine basins adjacent to the main building, and terminating with the large circular basin on the central walk through the gardens. The second series includes all the fountains-namely, the first series, the more extensive fountains in the temples, cascades, and two large basins in the lower grounds, which terminate the water display. The upper series, or ordinary display now daily exhibited, can be worked independently of the others. But when the lower fountains are shown the whole display is brought into action. The next portion of the system is the arrangement in connexion with the fountains of the tanks and upper reservoir containing the supply of water for the jets, and of the lower reservoirs, where it is collected after being displayed. The water for supplying the fountains is maintained at three different elevations-first, in the two high tower tanks, which supply the 250 feet jets in the centres of the lower great basins; secondly, in two lower tanks, which contain water for fountains and for ordinary use in the building, and are situated near its northern extremity. These tanks supply also the high central jets in the upper series, as well as four secondary jets round each 250 feet jet in the lower grand basins. The supply of the third elevation is collected in thc large upper reservoir at the northern end of the building, which contains about 6,500,000 gallons, and from it the great body of the water displayed' in the fountains is drawn. Two 30-horse power pumping engines are placed at the upper reservoir for raising water from it into the high and low tanks already described. There are two reservoirs for collecting the water after its display in the fountains-namely, one for the upper and one for the second series of fountains. That for the upper series is situated at some distance to the north of the central circular basin, and a lttle below it in elevation. It collects the waste water from the ordinary display of the upper fountains, whicis is first received into the circular basin, and flows thence into this reservoir. Four 40horse power engines are placed in the Nicinity of the intermediate reservoir, which raise or return the waste water from it to the upper reservoir, so as to render it again available for display. The receiving reservoir for the second series of fountains is situated below the south grandbasin. Itisof stilllarger capacity than tlse upper reservoir, as it would be required to receive all the water contained in the latter and in the high and low tanks, in the event of its being all displayed. The lower reservoir is constructed in the form of an ornamental lake, and collects the waste water from the entire system of fountains when in full operation. Two 40-horse power engines are provided to raise or return this waste water from the lower to the upper reservoir, so as to be again available for display. AnArtesian well, 575 feetdeep, is also slunk in the lower part of the grounds for a water supply, and a small engine provided for raising the water from it to the lower reservoir. The water displayed in the upper terrace fountains is conveyed through pipes to the large circular basin, where it plays a second time in the low network jets round the margin, and in the other low jets through the basin. Again, when the lower great fountains are displayed, all the waste water from the circular basin is similarly conveyed to them to play their jets of low elevation. Thus the water from the terrace fountains is displayed thrice, and that from the circular basin twice, throughout the entire operation. The Queen and the Royal party, bcfore leaving the Palace, had also an opportunity of seeing the general effect of the water display from one of the galleries in the building, and, while so occupied, Her Majesty was loudly cheered by the people on the terraces below. The august party left the Palace between 6 and 7 o'clock, and arrived at Buckingham Palace at a quarter to S.
CxYsTAL PALACE.-HALF-GUINEA-DAY.-WVednesday, June 1S.-Admissions - on payment, 5,024; ditto, by season tickets, 15,867: total Vigstors. 20,891. ARRIVAL Or PRln-Cr NArOLEON IN THE TY.,m.- SHIIELDS, Wednesday, 12 noon.-Prince Napoleon and suite arrived at Tynemouth Castle this morning in a steam-yacht, and immediately landed at Plior's-haven. They proceeded to Newcastle by the 8 o'clock train from North Shields, and will examine Messrs. Stephenson and Co.o, Messrs. Hawthorn's, Messrs. Armstrong's, and other large works in that town durirg the day, and will proceed thence to Edinburgh. The ycht is cruising off the bar, and it issuppQo,d will go north Me evening. The visit is Xite umexpeA,
INAYAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGENCE. The whole of the officers and gunners, with the horses, composing the E, F, G, and W batteries, landed at Portsnonth from the Indiana and Trent, have arrived at headquarters of the Royal Artillery at Woolwich. It has been found expedient to erect a number of wooden tenxt stables on the Common for the furtheraccommodation of 1,400 horses, as the aggregate number from the Crimea destined for Woolwich exceeds 4,000. The Government steam storeship Industry has arrived at Woolwich from the Crimea with returned dockyard and ordnance supplies. The Industry make the trial trip yesterday morning down the river, in order to ascertain the state of her machinery prior to entering the basin for repairs. The gunboat Fenelia was brought up to Woolwich on Tuesday evening from Messrs. Pitcher's, of Northfleet, and was admitted into the fitting basin yesterday. The freightship Pasha, lying in the docks, is embarking ordnance stores and ammunition for St. Helena and Simons Town from Woolwich Arsenal; and the A\nn Falcon is on the eve of departure thence for Quebec with 40 tons of powder. The Caledonia, 120, having been prepared as a hospital ship, left Plymouth Sound on Tuesday, in tow of the paddlewheel steam-sloop Gorgon, 6, Commander Crawford, and Geyser, 6, Commander Tower, for the river Thames, to take the place of the hospital-ship Dreadnought. The sloop Camilla, 16, was undocked at Devonport on Monday, and placed in the basin-dock on Tuesday, and was ordered to be masted yesterday. The iron steam troop-ship Perseverance, 2, Commander John M'Donald, is ordered to be docked at Keyham, Plymonth, and to have defects made good with all despatch. The new screw-steamship Conqueror, 101, Captain Charles Feflowes, built at Devonport, made her first trial trip on Monday outside Plymouth Breakwater, where she attained a speed of 12 knots, with engines making 55 revolutions and 201b. steam. Tho engines work very satisfactorily, they are of 800-horse power, and were constructed by Messrs. Penn and Son, of Greenwich. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-Commander J. M. langtry tothe Blenheim; Lieutenant H. F. Hovenden to the Indefatigable ; lieutenant W. Menzies to the Royal Albert; Lieutenant C. W. Martin to the Royal Albert,; . Harvey, surgeon, to the Tribune; Frederick Le Keux, assistant-surgeon, to the Brilliant; Octavius F. Clementson, additional second master, to the Scourge; Alexander Gray, second-master, to the BriLiant; A. D. G. Sutton, master's assistant, to the Victory; Charles Evershed, master's assistant, to the Victory; B. Harding, master's assistant, to the Royal Albert ; W. J. Taylor, master's assistant, to the Urgent; John Shepherd, assistant paymaster in charge, to the Columbia; James Moore, assistant-paymaster, to the Cossack. Colonel H. Jervis, Commandant of the Provisional Battalion, Chatham, has received an order from the War-office, directing him to hold in readiness the following officers and men belonging to depOts at Chatham barracks, to embark for the several stations where their head-quarters are on service, viz. :-5th lusileers, Ensign G. E. Massy, Ensign E. S. Lewis, Ensign J. B. Barker, Ensign E. J. Oldfield, Ensign F. A. Cubitt, and 80 non-commissioned officers and privates, to embark on board the Seapark for the Mauritius; 12th Foot (reserve battalion), Ensign W. D. Jarvis, Ensign G. W. Reade, and Ensign J. 0. Johnson, with 3G non-commissioned officers and men, who will embark on board the Eveline for the Cape of Good Hope; 37th Regiment, Ensign J. D. Greepe, Ensign E S. Sale, Ensign G. G. Fraser, Ersign T. S. G. Jones, an- 49 non-comnissioned officers and men, to enmoark in the Seapark; 45th Regiment, Captain T. Goff, Ensign E. 0. Neil, Ensign A. G. Smith, and 34 non-commissioned officers and privates, to embark on board the Eveline for the Cape of Good Hope. THE M ITIA. The Royal Sussex Artillery Militia, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Carr Lloyd, left Eastbourne on Monday mC,rning for Lewes (the county head-quarter town), and was disembodied the samne day. This regiment was embodied on the 1st of February, 1855. The men have been constantly practised with both garrison and field guns at a floating target, and attained a high state of efficiency, and during the time the regiment has been embodied 150 men have volunteered to the regu1ar forces, principally to the Royal Artillery. The Royal Berks Regiment of Militia arrived from Corfu last Friday, and met with a hearty reception from the inhabitants of Reading on their reaching the railway station. An order for the disembodiment of the regiment is daily expected from the War-office, and the services of the men will be gladly accepted in agricultural districts, as even now a scarcity of hands for haymaking is much felt. The mortality in the regiment during its stay at Corfu was very great, for out of little more than 600 men nearly 100 died soon after reachig the garrison.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I beg to inform you, and also the publie generally through the medium of your paper, that I am not the aathor of the pamphlet called " A Letter to the Lord Chief Justice Campbell, containing Remarks upon the Conduct of the Prosecution and the Judges; with Strictures on the Charge delivered to the Jury, illustrative of its dangerous tendencies to the long-enjoyed Rights and Privileges of Englishmen," nor was the same published with my sanction or authority. Yours obedientlv. THOMAS PA:LMER, Brother of the unfortunate William Palmer. Coton-in-the-Ehus, Burton-on-Trent, June 16.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMiES. Sir,-Permit me, in reply to the letter of Mr. Nichols, to say that I never expressed any opinion whatever upon the much-debated question of whether John Sadleir was alive or dead; and, had you quoted the preceding paragraphs of what I did write, it would have been clear that I was simply representing the opinions unreservedly and frequently expressed by others. I very respectfully decline the polite offer of testing, either by sight or otherwise, the quantity or quality of the essential oil of bitter almonds extracted from the stomach of the body on which the inquest was held. T am. Sir- Vnilr --riotcrron- JOHN FRANOIS MAGUIRE. June 1S.
Rantoy BoxTrNic SocIETY.-The second exhibition of the Royal Botanic Society took place yesterday in the Regent's Park, and was attended by many persons of rank, mclnuding the Countess de Neuilly, the Duke and Duchess de Nemours, Prince and Princess de Joinville, the Duke andDuchessof Sutherland, the Marchioness of Clanricarde, Earls Waldegrave, Ellesmere, Craven, and Fortescue; Countesses Waldegrave, Craven, Essex, and many other lords and ladies; the Bishops of Winchester and St. Asaph, lc. Although the stove and greenhouse plants were not so numerous as on some previous occasions, they were in ane condition, especially the pelargoniunis. The fuchsias also were abundant and beautiful, presenting every variety of colour. The orchids were generally admired. In the course of the day the usual prizes wvere awarded to the successful competitors. nIE ROYAL FBREE HOSPITAr.-Yesterday was a jubilee festival of tho Royal Free Hospital, in Gray's-innroad,-an institution which, having advanced steadily, in spite of the most factious opposition, is now deservedly prospering, albeit stil dependent on the liberality of the publc. 'Lhe principle of the Free Hospital is the admission of the sick and the destitute without any letter of recommendation. The proceeding of yesterday commenced with the opening of the new " Sussex" wing of the hospital, the expense of which is partly derived from the proceeds of the subscription commenced to raise a monument to the memory of his late Royal Highness the Grand Master of the Freemasons, it having been resoived, after much deliberation, that the most appropriate memorial would be the erection of the wing in question. The foundation stone of it was laid last July, in full masonic form, bythe Grand Lodge of England. It is now completed, and a colossal statue of the Late Duke is placed in front as its appropriate ornament, with an inscription from the 51st Psalm, " Blessed is the man thiat provideth for the poor and needy, ac." The president, stewards, committee, and friends of the hospital assemnbled in the board room yesterday at half-past 1 o'clock; at 2 they entered the new wing, inspected the wards, and witnessed the pLacing of the patients in the beds. The chaplain then offered up a prayer, and the president of the festival, Lord Loigh, formally declared the new winrt opened. The noble Lord afterwards proceeded to the sito Of the statue of the late Duke of Sussex, and at a given signal the veil was removed from it and the inscription read. A very feeling address to the assembled spectators wfas afterwards delivered by Lord Leigh, which excited the loudest demonstrations of satisfaction, more especially from the crowd. The meeting then adjourned to the Freemasons Tavern, where a sumptuous banquet was served -up at half-past 6 o'clock to a select party, including, besides the noble president (Lord Loigh), Lord Denman, the Earl of Zletland (Grand MIaster of the Freemasons), Dr. Hassall, Dr. 3Lu-sden, Dr. HIovell, Rev. Lewis P. MWercier, and other gentlemen, including many of the muedical profession. After the usual loyal toasts, Lord Loigh proposed "Prosperity to the Royal Free Hiospital," in an impressive specch, at once practical and effective, and a worthy sequence to the address of the morning, already noticed. Thme official report shows that last year 39,891 patients wrere relieved, includina 18 886 cases of maligntant disease, and 1,480 accidents re'Iieved and sent home. Besides these 693 totally destitute persons wore admitted into the wards, of whomn 57 have died, and 636 been discharged cored or relieved; the nomber of accidents admitted into the wards was 109, of whom 91 were cured or relieved. The grand total number of persons relieved since the opening of the hospital in February, 1828, namunts to no less than 521,493. The total income in 1S-55 was 6,477C., and the total exn>enditure 6,2311., including the payment of old debts.The total amount of subscriptions announced at the close of yesterday evenin" was 1,3001. The festival was prolonged to a late hour. Aii the arrangements of the entertainment were worthy of the Freemasons Tavern, and reflect great credit on the newr proprietary. Mr. Donald KSing again conducted the musical department, and Mr. Felix Riggizs n'as an efflcient tosetmaster.
THE DEBATE ON MR. WALT@r7ES MOTION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE '1ES. Sir,-Will you alow one wu no listened to last night's debate, and voted in the rinority on the division, to comment briefly oin t ' s remark-able decision to Twhich the House of Commne-.s Lf- l ute? Nothing can bo siapler than the question at issue, however mmu.i it may have been overlaid with irrelevant or unimportant details. The National Board- of Education offers no advantage to Protestant over Catholic, or to Catholic over Protestant. It has acted strictly on the principle of religious equality. Why, then, has its system of teaehing been accepted almos. universally by the priests, and very generaUy denounced by the establishment? For this reason-that the one party had been accustomed to inferiority and the other to ascendancy. The first, in 1830, rather hoped for justice than expected it; the latter repudiated any measure which was not based on a recognition of their superior claims. This feelng pervades Ireland stiUl, and explains the long-continued agitation kept up by P'rotestants againsttlhe National Board, as weU as its undoubted popularity among the moderate section of the Roman Catholics. The Board places the representatives of both religions on a level; but on neither side can it be forgotten that the one creed has been, -and in some matters still is, dominant, while its rival receives from the British Government only a disputed endowment, which agitates England without satisfying Ireland. The specific ground of quarrel may be stated in few words. In non-vested schools*-that is, schools under private patrons, assisted by the Board-the rule of teaching is this, that secular instruction shall be given to a children who apply for it, attendance on religious lessons being left optional with the parents. There have been alterations of detail, but the principle ia question has pervaded the whole working of the system ever since the early attempt to establish mixed religions lessons fell to the ground. The obvious effect of this rule is to protect minorities, whether of Protestants or Roman Catholics. Every Irish child has a right to its share in the teaching,which is paid f6r, wholy or partly, out of public funds. A single Protestant in a Roman Catholic school, a single Roman Catholic in a Protestant school, may claim its share of the master's attention wvith an absolute certainty on the part of the parents that no attempt wil be made to force its conscience. This is the fundamental doctrine of the Board, and this it is to which MIr. Walpole and his friends object. Mr. Walpolo says :-" You will endow schools only on condition that the Bible is excluded from them. You assist every other class, but you reject the claims of the church." Now, in what sense are these words true? Is the Bible excluded from any school under the Board? NTo; but, on inquiry, the grievance resolves itself into thisthat Bible reading is not made compulbory on Roman Catholic children. The Church Education Society, right or wrong, refuses to have anything to do with schools where such compulsion does not exist as a rule. The Board cannot quarrel with the rules of a private association; but, as the dispenser of public funds for educational purposes, it declines to distribute those funds, except -where they will be available to the entire population within reach. Is the Church Education Society shut out, then, or does it shut itself out? INobody proposes to interfere with the Scripture reading, so far as Protestant children are concerned; the solitary condition imposed is that of allowing Roman Catholic children to attend, without forcing them to do what they think wrong. This condition is spurned as a restraint on religion; in a -word, the church educationists complain of persecution because they are compelled to tolerate, and represent themselves as excluded from the benefits of the Board because their owr. claim to exclusiveness is disallowed: Take an illustration. A friend whom I have known all my life has a quarrel with another person who happens to be stayinig with me. Mfy friend says, "W While Mr. So-and-So is your guest nothing shall induce me to enter your house." He has, of course, a right to hold this language, whether wise or unwise. Of that I have no reason to complain; but I have reason to complain if he proceeds to tell his and my acquaintances that I have refused him admittance, the real fact being that I have refused to dismiss, at his request, the guest to whom he objected, and that in consequence he has not chosen to come in. Now, this is literally the case of the Church Education Society; they are, in truth, the ag. gressors, and to conceal it they complain of being aggrieved. hIr. Walpole avails himself most dexterously of existing prejudices when he disclaims all intention of making the teaching of any catechism, creed, or formula compulsory; confining the right of compulsion to Bible reading only. But can he or his friends be misled by this illusory distinction ? If it is right to force theology down people'3 throats, the precise form of the process can make little difference. And, practically, in Ireland Bible reading will be taken as the test of sectarianism. Roman Catholic children will keep away from schools where it is enforced. Roman Catholic patrons will claim in turn, and with justice, a like privilege of exclusion. They will argue thus :-" You Protestants regard the Bible as an integral part of your system of instruction; on that ground you enforce it on all who attend your schools; we hold the same opinion respecting the formularies of our church, and we demand to be allowed to judge in our own case what is indispensable and what is not." The plea cannot be denied; the right must be extended; whence it follows that throughout the south and west of Ireland the scanty Protestant population will-thanks to Mr. Walpole-be deprived of their right to attend places of education for the support of which they, like their fellow-subjects, are ttxed. But this is not alL In the resolution as sanctionedby the House Scripture reading only is made compulsory. I have showu that the Roman Catholics will claim and apply the same right as regards the formulas of their creed. How long will it be before the church of Ireland and the Presbyterians, now united against a common enemy, follow the example thus set, and eventually, by the imposition of ' I omit all mention of the veSted schools, they not being affected by Nr. Walpole's resolution. dogmatic tests, exclude one another? Thus, when Mr. Walpole's denominational system comes into fullplay, there i will be three sets of schools in lieu of one, entailing treble i expense and insuring the utterseparationfrom one another of members of different creeds at that age when the mind 1 is most susceptible of impression, and whert union in the, school may notimprobablyripen into permanent friendship. j More yet ! In the national school the State is predominant; in the sectarian school, the sect. The tendency of the former system is to bring men together; that of the latter to keep them apart. The State seeks to train citizens, intelligent, thoughtful, and united among themselves; the church, or the sect, aims at making zealous partisans, faithful disciples, whose strongest bond of union shall be that of religious agreement, and to whom a heretic shall be worse than a foreigner. I need not point out which system of teaching is most calculated to remedy the prevailing evil of Irish politics and society. Bnt, leaving general considerations, the effect of adopting a professedly sectarian system, which Mr. Walpole's is, must be, to make the Catholic priest supreme and absolute in the Catholic schoolin other words, to hand over to the hierarchy the secular as well as spiritual instraction of two-thirds of the Irish people! If this be Protestantism, I know not what cause of complaint Catholics have against Exeter-hall. Neither the Maynooth grant nor the endowment of the Irish priesthood, hateful as are both these ideas to the English mind have done or can do half as much to confirm that sacerdotai authority which has sustained so sensible a diminution during the last 25 years. Again, the national schools do not stand alone-they are part of a system. Sir R. Peers colleges form another part of that system; and are quite as odious to the religionists of the north. What does A[r. Walpole intend to do with them? Wil he destroy them, or turn them into Protestant halls, with the Catholic University endowed side by side, so as to carry on that duplicate system which denominational teaching in Ireland requires? If he stops short of this he is inconsistent, his friends will regard their work as only half done, and their victory over " secularism" as incomplete. Imaybetoldl-that r.Walpole'sproposed planof eauca, I tion is that actually in force in England. Granted; but though many politicians feel a difficulty in replacing the English system, none has ever yet, to my knowledge, called it perfect. It is accepted as an inevitable compromise, not approved as a well-framed and mature design. The circumstances. too, of the two countries are difierent. In the rural districts of England there exists at least that degree of religious uniformity which accompanies gross and unthinking ignoramce; in the towns each sect is powerful enough to establish and maintain its own schools. Thus, between the two, the Irish difficulty is inagreat degree avoided. But Mr. Walpole may be reminded that in the bill of his colleague and friend, Sir J. Pakington (whose absence lastnightwasasignificantfeature inthe debate and division), the two conditions of receiving Government aid were the following :-Submission to inspection, and. admission to the secular teaching of children of all sects, without these being compelled to attend the religious teaching. In a word, what Mr. Walpole wants to abolish in Ireland Sir John would extend to England. Mr. Walpole lays great stress on his desire not to damage, but rather to improve and enlarge, the working of the National Board. It would be unjust to suspect so religious a man of dissembling; but will he answer as confidently for his colleagues as for himself? Are not his instigators notoriously those who, frnu the first, denounced the system with ultra-episcopal vir lenr .7? Is the Bishop of Cashel a friend to it? Is ibe L;ihop of Ossory?. Read their writings and reported epeeches, then judge. If Mr. Walpole really wishes well to the National Board, he takes an odd way to show his friendship; but of all his party he is the only one who has even professed that friendship. Subordinates are apt to speak out, while leaders remain silent. Of the 113 who voted for Mr. Walpole not one but felt that the motion was a hostile motion, as well it might be, coming from a quarter in which nothing except enmity to the national schools has ever been pretended. One word more, and I have done. Can MAr. Walpole and his friends imagine that by setting on foot a new religious excitement the Protestant establishment of Ireland has anything to gain? Is it so easy to defend that establishment by argument? Does not its chief security lie in prescription, in men's love of peace, in the natural wish quieta non 2nolerc? Is it wise in those who still occupy a position of aseendancy to clamour for equality? May they not one day be taken at their word? I do not prophesy, but the time may arrive when Protestant politicians, standing among the ruins of a disendowed establishment, and looking back over. years of bitter and perilous agitation, shall trace the beginning of astrife which has ended so disastronslyto thetwo Irish measures of this session of 1856, the successful vote against Maynooth, and the equaly successful attaek on the national schools. I need not tell you that in what I have written I am actuated by no party feeling. AnEnglisli member, though practically conversant with Ireland during the last 12 years, I have no interest in this question except that wnich is common to every man of common sense. I respect Mr. Walpole's personal honesty and his diligence in public business; but while the spirit of Pereeval presides over his policy I cannot wish to see him politicallv successful NE OFTHE MNORITY. i London, June IL.
THE ASSESSrENT OF TITHE RENT-CHABGE. TO TB1 EDITOR OF TlE T1IES. Sir,-WMy property is subject to various charges, such as ground-rents, doles to the poor, repairs to almshouses, annuities, &ae. Now, I have always hitherto let at the full value, and made all these payments myself, and my tenants are assessed as if no such special encumbrances existed; but if theparson is to be suffered to let out his tithe rent-charge, subject to such payments as curate's stipend, repairs to chancel, &c., and his tenant be permitted to claim abatement on these grounds on the assessment to the poor-rate, I must certainly hereafter malke my tenants pay all charges and encumbrances affecting my estate, and so give them a fair chance in the assessment to the poor. The fact is, that the various charges upon my estate and the encumbrances upon the tithe rent-charge are equally matters affecting the owner and not the occupier, and in no way affect the annual letting value, which is the only legitimate basis of Poor Law assessment. I remain. Sir. voulr obedient eP,n- LANDOWYER. June 17.
HAIFTrAD-JSEATH.-It is greatly to be desired that the opportunity now offered for the purchase of Hampstead-heath on favourable terms should not be neglected. People who are not accustomed to spend the greater portion of the dayin the heart of the metropolis, and are unacquainted with the oppressiveness of the summer atmosphere (roasted air and dust stirred by incessant locomotion) in the more crowded localities, can have little conception of the longing desire forpure air felt by the mass of the population. The parks are a great boon in their way, but too often over-hot, dusty, and confined to afford adequate relief. The Heath is a heath-not an} apologyfor one. The crown of an eminence from which itis saidnearlyhalf-a-scoreofcounties can be seen-exceedingly nicturesque and variedin hill, level, andhollow-every variety of pie-nicenjoymentmaybe had on it, withthecertaintyof beingenlancedby the purest, if not always the most downy breeze. An antidote to prim precision, all the circumstances connected with it conspire to give human naturo elbow-room and zest for exercise, without trespassing on the bounds of decorum. In point of fact, it is the only bit of open country within many miles not exposed to the charge &f being a reservoir of more or less magnitude for malaria, and to be deprived of it would he a source of much regret and of no little evil. The danger of being so, however, is exceeding eanA bill is now before the Legislatre-the "essadSales of Settled Estates Bill"-which, if passed, will in all probability enable Sir T. Wilson to enclose,as he has long wlished to do,the entireHeath,the ground being much sought after for building purposes. This, however, is not all. Supposing the billto be rejected, the next lordof themanor would have Bncontroled power to do whatthe presenthas hitherto been unable to effect; and, judgidinby the course of nature, we may anticipate thelapse of nolong period iirst. The present, therefore, is obviously the tie when, by some equitable arrangement, the HIeath should be secured for the service of the public inperpetuity. The nietropolitan Board of Works, oppressed with the magnitude of the sanitary i nder- etaking crowding upon it through civic and Parliamentaryneglect, has refused to treat for the purchase, or have anythig to do with the matter. We wha e rich and benevolent persons, in conjunction with the owners of property in the neighbourhood, who are greatly benefited by the proximity of the Heath, would sten in, so that a certain sum being subscribed an appeal mightbe confidently made to the Chancelor of the Exchequer, who in any case ought to be appealed to. Lord Monteagle, when holding that responsible office, felt it to be his duty, uider like circumstances, to preserve Primrose-hill from being encroached on by nurchasing that pleasing, but not easily accessible, place of recreation for the use of the public. The reason is still greater for the preservation of Hampsteadheath, the most healthy locality about London, which is much wantig in such places, and is by no means likely to be overstocked with them-indeed, to have their number increased at all, though the number of the population, and consequently of enclosures for building, increases wonderfully month by month and year by year. A pessa3 of the proceedings in the House of Lords wlt show that the value of the Heath is appreciated by some of their Lordsheps, and on the hint there given we sincerely trost some of our influential citizens will resolve to act. The state of the case has only to be fairly laid before the public to insure something being done by some authority or other, and in the joy a generous mind experiences in the enjoyment and welfare of others may he anticipated a rich and most grtifying rewvard. The preserver of Hampstead-heath would deserve more gratitude than many who have built churches and founded adlsuhouses.-,Ssn.
SALES BY AUCTION. 1n"ChancerY.-" Armstrong v. Stour.'-Jamnaica. 34ESSRS. NORTON, IHOGGA'RT, and TRIST ±Vk beg to infobrm the public that the SA TE of the above PRoPERLT , advertised totake Place to-morrow, at 12, is POSTPONED. At the Mart, Tu-mnorrowy. MIESSRS- NORTON, HEOGGART and TRIST bn iLto informa the publio that cIte -curious PRUPAItTIES advertse for SALE, at the M'art, TO-morrow, at 12, will he offerced in the following order:- 1. Snarcsbraolk, Essex-Lease of a semi-detached Residence, sitVAte clozro to the forest and the railway station 2. Clpham. Sunrey-Three Freehold Residences, sittiate near Clapham New-park and Claphamn-counnon: in three loin 3. In the counties cf Warwick and Worcester-The Barrels E-state, conitaining about 3,040 acres, and the Freehold Itent Charge, Bilenball:- in16 lots. O1ld Broad-street. To Drapers, Hoir,Sorecr,and Shjippera. ~ B RON ad SN wll ELLbY AUCTION at ther Roms 25 Foe-sree, o Thrsay next, the S1POok of bin Hathon, isl-steet shersrce, abanrup; aso .20 dozen hose shrts drwer (fne ood), he roprtyof whleslehosler 5uvoniture, Artillcial Stoe GadnOrnameas hieFec otr ina imitation of the antiqe o ~R.HENRY FOSTER willSELbACTN AI at his Rooms, 410. O-ford-street.na oosus,TI DAY :-l. An ASSORTMENT of bandoeGRE RA MEFNTS in vases. fountains, &c. 2. A Cleto fPtey from Paris, being copies of the old Mlajolica and als aei h ove 3. A quantity of useful Furniture, piaort,inrestre,d. N'ow on view. By SOUTHIGATE and ART a thiAnction Rooms, 22, Fleet- street. THIS EVENINIG, June 1,ndTo-maorrow Evening, at 6. 1I'1GRAVIN2GS being a futer portioxn of the J2 stock of M%essrs. ck-ermann and Co., sold in consequenc of a dlissolution of partnership; comprising some fine proofs frmnm the works of Sir R Landiseer, J. J. W.. Turner, and Wilkie; important iluef rated books; three Les Anndes d'Europe, coloured, in 20 paxis: choice Itarian proofs and Srrnptural line engravings; 2 00 large Sporting subjects, coloured; 400 French and English Studies, coloured; 40 Bentley's Gui-ns coloured; water-colour drwings, and a great variety of others May be viewed, and catalogues had. Glocester-crescent, Regenit's&-park.-Excellent Household Zilrniture and Efects. 1IR. THORP WMl SELL by AUCTION, on the .TL Plremises, 26, Gtlocester-erescent, Regent's-park, on MUonday, June 23, att 12, the residue of the genuine FORtNITURIE. the property of a May, comprising malloganly four-post and other bedsteads, wardrobes, ana the usual chamber requIsites; defie-toned cottage pianofoite in walnut case, dining and leo tablee,glazed hooktcases,chimney-glasses, peestal sideboard, Mahogany andI rosewood chairs, mantel clock-, &c. Mayb diewed the Saturdaytpgreceding and morning of sale. Catslogueson the prsmnises,andat te auctioneer's Ofricesl,26UPperAlbanystrect, Regent's-park. ,ho. 15, tilocester-gardens. Hyde-parls-upror modern Friue brilliant Chimney and Pier Glasses, a ocet GrandPinfrey Wornumo a few valuable Paintings, Gas Cadles and Efcs R.p i?~REDERICK A, !eULET is faord with iietmuctionia to SELL by AUTINontePmis,a abouse, cii Tueseday. July 1, and following day, at12thmoenFR NITURE and FITTING.S of thle RESIDE-NCE, opiig h sa bed clhamber appecndages of a superior description, arswo rwn roosi buite in crimson tabaret, with curtains forthewids,oc occasional, and fancy tables cheffonier with plaegasbc,a7fe Pedestal sid-eboard, set of extending dining tables,dne agn1 dlining room chairs, indulgig ditto, Brussels and Tre apt,le furniture, blinds, china, glass, -itcheni requisites,anefct. ayb viewed the davprior andmornings of sle. Catouehaonhepmnires ; and at the auctioneer's offices ini Aihion-pse yepr-q No. S. Graftoni-btreet. Bond-street,--This Day. C.'UBW SECOND DAY's SALE, at 8, nrltl-street, THIS DAY (Thursday). June 19, at 12 for I o'cock wll ompis th FITIGS f ERE BED ROOMS, capi- Toaidinngroom fu-keprniturei fin r.-e Spnihmaoan,inldin C ac setuof te embprdiingtbes 15a, feethboufeetg6,vtw pedesta ieborddn nIer wgn set ofchiNrhs leeather,sacophaus,thandstom SnEdL bokcse ACabIONet panoote G hina' and gliassylt, superit 2 or 1hefiel vieed andT caTABLogES hdoh rmss and COC-OSS atte acion offmbicges Vin Wsarwickcort, Gray'einn.c ieo h ew otun he wto iery-sa.b.Ole-katoeeperstbe anthorsmaTn supplys ande Coach-ouse Ph tem:laz boutg Vila9 Weet;fivene-lrove Baygon enater. 5pe a1umeah,fR. fv aEE IN ba precnumeavcd.insrutionas tod SELLi tion by sAUCTIOn,yb a at Garraway's,o eFriay, Julyve atd 12ilfor .in Voilaos, Craterook five one each ideaof the mews,e ontWainin othre milte. lcac house lent and three rooms ovier 5,Closet,gdrt-ter and a3itnnum Hachad five ato£6 er annium weah articulrsd and condi tions f sal mayb xbad tGarw 'oon Mesor. Nv n isns ~jESSRS. PILEWS andl WA-LL will SELL by ILAUCTION, on the Premises, No. 6, Bedford Cottages, Barringtonl-road, Loughborough-road, on Tuesdy Jumae 24th. at 12 for 1, by (birection of the Ex-aeuos the FURNITURE and EFFECTS ; comprising a drawing room suite in rosewood and crimson dasnassk, loo and occasional tables, winged comnmode, chlimney-glass, cut-glass chandelier andortantr Frnch poreaine aoeind othner oandSpninit exellGentldiin maeogny Mcandtion Captito Sbeding, and othe us.uAbluftti o in m~ofast-dand mairble, chgina glass culinary arteices,andy 'WiscellMer. eec.MAyueewdthen dlar preIoS A, Jandeatloue hadI fon2 the premiseD P ndOfTINPol teew c and Wal,Capan-inead0 oppos fite stherSan,) WImotNtE n extensiv comreigum W5o.vr ine andSprit For.to Gentle meCon,isMeurchns, Captains,Shppers ageund Sockrs-AbaSl of rs-hsvit fis-ca gies lyings in th celr bo an e.minoent.iyWn 1r inghRm wieTE merOhant t io SELI L by AUCTION,atheVus i Newh1allsre,aot the Duton er THI DAY,o Julnext,S aihot resfar, the ShoeCDPOTN of thegeie TC of oirstnd-enus ine TltapWIfa fist-rated WINhgeatcr MECanT, codmprsng by 0h dc.very finemold Porst mappny years in bthetlae,10 ado inerludi1n0 inr,rtschoie Clarest, Chaualiisnof qunartercss of fine, Port ,187,6 qartrcak br1andy 10 cmases btvhoiane do..togtheritha lrge uanityof sjue hfvarou dhesreptiost and the inet qulit, whch ill e sld i lonfsitalesbt to privsateo buywerandh utrinande Thed wines finvoo maye beo tased Mnd samplwa bottlesoad.pior to he sale,ko Catloguesaot theviMart; dsoredofth auctionee,2, Pofulchntry. Mb gvn,inc elin os ToLConnoiseusi Fna-Sals ofd Lagnusine tockefirs-rnsehint_C fG age Wines, comriin yf abouinth 1.500hdof r ae roti t1,esevralS.tg5o rh CH S Hage, on 'and ION Edauctionees, PY Bi,Rmi lngham, og toannounceithat thneshave receviedinsteruc tosfotHeareresentative ofth. he elate conEsistsWlks o f Biar-y0 aingha, o whine mrerat too SEataLLoby 'AUC N atrn the Voauls intres Nhewhparoeety, abou thereI al Pegoft Thuly a next,w owithot wesrve,th who(leo the wiasgenuierSTOCw of fitrst-lassrvintagnedWNE, aselethed wihasgrematycaean Tjudgm c~Hntientbyte teca ed fomthefrt shipping' hose tinpthe toade, andr including aintPorts-theinesto qulte 01 the storkeof Stherpry,hMstxcraMoeledsX,0Claret Bordeainlux,Camptage,t iS)prea anti Toilhesprtswines.theeauctioneers avth grea t duest coa- dheuceo is n eoingtheatentg cofet inobalemen connoliseus, bwclub-houes,wll hoelr propreLtorineaad t merhantls,and-priate fuaralesto THeMASaeo the abovernwines mwngtheu obotaellyqaiy n,t el knonelEbrOity, a-ndsuhaar rareollyfee Etoapubli cmptetiton DPlebighsibe-0 acrig ies.ofFrehld LAnd inec af ringebodLnce,midwa bheFotween Fiel ad, M old,i h prs o r and fiemle Srm theMoldy Rilwaye Ctastle,con taheilas wee paofhJulyi notverev5u3ry dipose of ambe sand whisPole,tyof swhichdnotiedwirlbeuiled,ing c ronsnent loin,sn go sALLd a thowse Lot2mSeandral ndlsurin the poutoeAshble oGwefan cuSoo,La( ayndel Cyfgathe,stae in the parish of Ll nOne, ind coyainngParry, ParochialEdwrds, ThmsJnsaavdDve,Pte Parry Davd Harison nd ther. 2he estat conits of Anerlyat 00 tlacres,esof wih0 re wondSh.oralasntheCon. A turnpiexroand intrsets (thepopry ndthereris inp 5a r da2lp.oft Thpero leadomineanowrin wrork, adwo latemneral genterally,edwihe etherisoldaonrtationed,f lasrthanur- mconey, firsthe prchase execeeds £100hse maytreailtene-rycva. pencent.aTo thrensportlsmanthed evitht ofriteers in o ag atAhhi hoiewoo is onearf thert beet coverstain Wales aconodatiesbten the wetll -1 arsnrd eUstatessyou ~tbuaUdig-and a cnven;iantdisthato part coftthges Aorlab whihgrnshog the paropertysi & The besteof fthe riepo ronet. ~vsn trbidinthe Cheiste of an the propeft rtyad oseso may beseno apoyn to Johbuen Hgest.,tho, wo of",atthe CrssKes an O, meotie at the SwnHte,Hsings,pa hotlin Monay,tJng4e28, at nd the a thr e Eprssotienctoallyr,t ononbide;a 1 O'REEover and C opyh o ld Esats Kith' veny M1 liilebiligsits otI Peeo Feehold Imd calle the Fot otwayDecreesituthe HinghCparts of OreandeSt. maryes in thaue CDastle,vcontaningla byit paohia suvb tin. or. tpheo amble-C land.lo ShinrJopeturty.seBaape for buldn purPOsEs, posshessuiong good. indtheroyok Land,oyng,el togehr Mnsituae in the paris of Ore, , and1 ITALpArihs LfOean St.hI MaysithCastles, Susnse, andcontainin (by g-,i the paris mp)ea.or Hutpn, ofbspeiog Ormeaow,hastur, bndrook, and woodn land iontersperssedwiththhrfUoiingplanttios oflarchtand-o Scotc firs,hld a recentlyeretedfarmHutous,with althhe o neupatiry on-r venOfienc, cnainndgrds weda stor e p i frui treesbing- one of wA c isffr hors es; nte,ar theeofi a cow-stalld,pwitenh acclodto famcornstaing 12eso cowdfns, n a ancld .ot stoa e au larbge and irin,bcOw-sheds . y An, gerncs ancllseo nectuessarondbtands atre anclosuvesen ofrdistance arbeotages foartlab pourrsdago and arl cartshelds, do.ntaheagwholether3a property is at nresmitin th feholds ecom of theprpritos,and,posessonda beg pale mayeld cobtainedna the principal hotels infHahsti ngs,losuresoan Brighten latiathaedExpresskofie, 12.tinDuke-.Street,p Lonotn-bTride;a Preolduenttosaueree of thabeHg Court oafe Chanectiery,Wmade,ilNiacae Aces.rWiyv terryll with thres,adro-il.wt ml lna_ cotinithegctyofgLondon 2On. Monday,otheOE ato trehodenActionsMrt.o arableland, afled el S'A 30th Od Iayof Jue, 81, onat a2 An.ilUaB'Les F reeold Estates, Fat-sThreeandclosuresPasurlnd parjishes ladofHutton Fhobbing Coriwm an , and Bornamifor, i tEs. countyiin og sexinther1aS. follwingloi -ID. A etnc-loueot I.u A reodfr ndgblindiofsin Hutiton, i tEs. d0 occu ationfer. A, din cotaiiln113O. Lot. In Twohbn. t2 Aotae sml folyr ree-M holdestte,par ofa farm ca thed,rvet-ho, fam ontaining, sites ofbulig closre o pasureLan,odt12Three enlouresof tproaductiearabIcoln, party c;yhld ndmeatyfreowalod,Lcontann toether adjonin D.-Sap. pale Fild, conaining a.I.2p Ltalcn4. A reeol enclsur ofjnd arabe lad, alle Chak-feld,con ainingit.ar.sIp aLdondtionsTof frehol ecloure o stblelad, aled respectvlysn n White-haoll-Na Acres Whit-hallPeer cres, Medlrso-l. worith ansmAlleplntatcion.% continig tgeter 73,or.;IMp.Lo J.. Twoufreeh oldencl osuresmof ambe lnd cale resethcel aucioneAeran Old BLarn-fied,contain ing tgethe 35~,Sd. Io. In homprinciplt&A ema ilRofarm,lonauito,Eq. otann toAther lO. Spfr. 2p-Lot 12do.Anecouef A comrnoat Lease-hold Estate. TIbuigto,. M~ESSRS. PRICE and CLARtK will SELL by ikAUCTIO-N, at Garraway's. on Tue-day, Telyi, as at Ior 1. NINE -mall LEA.51]OLD DWELLING11IOlSES, situate and bein No., Ge c-steet.and to , LidsayCott%ges, RotherSieldl. atret, shngen;letat rntas aountng o £00 pe-ranume, and heldnuo lese or log tem, t agrond entof £-35 per anumu. The popery maybe vewedon apsion andParticulars had.la 1 at Gcraay's an of lfetra Prie ad Clrk,45,Cha.noery-lane. An elegant Residence, eligible for investment oir oscupatimn situate in the ReetsPark. MESSRS. PRICE aud CLARK h-ave receivedi in- smtosto SELL by AUCTION1 at Gamway's, on Tnesiasy, JuYly .at 192 for 1. the very desirable liESIDE-YCS, being No,. 21, Regen,t's-villas, on t-he west side of the Upper Avenue-roC4, with l'arge valled garden, four-stall stable, and ooacla-house, andI of the estimaited annual ralue of £1I70 perannum. Held by lease for aL long term at a, moderate ground rent. Theres.idence is in excUlent repair, both eub. st=itialand ornamental, and immediate passesienacaiy bebad. Mjay be viewe-d, and pasticulars had 10 days preceding the sale, of J. Weymonth, esq., solicitor, 13, Clifford'a-inn; anid at Messrs Prxice and Clark's offices, 48, Chancerr-lane. Itegent's,park.-First-class L,easehold Inve-tment, pro-ucing a 'rental of £1I57 lIe,. per annumn. ~JIESRS. PICE and CLARK are dlirected to ILL SLL byAUCTIN, onTuesday, July 1, at 12 for 1. at Carrawsy, he uprio dtacedVILLA. RESIDENCES designated Avene Huse wih lrgewallIed zarden, comsrvat-oresee greenhouse. stabingandcoac-hore,most undenliably sitiiat3 or, the esst Eide of Uppe Aveue-tad,Reget's-arklet on lease to shighir res-pectable tan,at £1I57 10s, pebnum n eld for a long term, at the very lOw grun rent of £8pranm The attention of capitalists seek. ng godleasehold investment isdrce othis Property, as it caunbe recommnended with the greats confdne The residence may be St. Jameses-street;adtMes.P and and Clar',4I hney lane. ion Leaseholds, Chelseaan uhm 1~XESSRS. PRICE and CLAR wiill SELL by IlL ACTIO, atGarrwayv's, on Tuesday, Jul 1, at 12 or1, a capita brickbuilt WELLIG,HOUSE. situate N,o. 62, Sydneystret,Chese, lt a arental of £E45 per annum. sand held for a long ter ata goun ret oX£ per annum. Al-o a pair of semi-detached Itesdescs, nownas ermitage Villas, Richmond-road. leading from Earls Curt o Nrthend, Fulham, now onL hand, hut of the estimated annual value of ;£100; held for a long ferm, atamdezrate groundrent. May be viewed and particulars had 10 days. preceding the isale, of S. Hughesi Esq., solicitor. 15. Bedford-street, Covent-gaoden; atthe place of Wae; and at Messrs. I'cite and Clark's office, 4I, QFhncery-lsue. Parl-village east.-A deial emi-detached Residenoe.-By Order of the Trusteesune a Deed of Settlement. 1IrSSRS. PRICE and CLARK -will SELL by ILLAUCTIO.N, at Garraway's, on Tuessday, July 1, at l2Ifor I, a very comfortable RESIDEZNCE, onua smnsllscale, ksnownr as Vendome Cottage. Park-village east, Regzent's-park, cloan to Glocester,gate. conainng ruwng,diing an brakfstrooms, convenient bed chamers en goo doestc ofice, I isnowin the occupation of a higly espctale enat t arenal f £0 pr annma, And is heldfor a ln-ter,o yarsata roedrntof IOerannum. I7heresidence sony~ovewe by ermssin o thetennt,andparticulars had of J. To Drapers, Silkesercers, ose, otIe, and ilne. lIAR THOMAS HMIGwl SELL by AUCMTION, at his Rooms, 5, Pilgrim-street. Ludgate-hill, To-morrow, Jane 20. thxe STOCK of a DRAPIER, Siluinercer, Clothier, and M,11liner. On view on Thursday,and cataloguesbhad. ToPlrivate Gentlemen. Families, Wine and SpiritMerchants,-ad=oters lIAR. THOMASHEMMING hasbeen instr-ucted SPIITS Ma b tatedat hetim ofsal, nd atao~nsbad at To Theatrical Maaes Poreor fPbicEliitoe e _MESSRS. OE AMndSSwIllSELL by ILA'UCTION, at their Rooms, 553, Oxford-street, near the Panithieonl. To-morrow. at 3 punctually, without the least reserve, the DIORA&MA,of the GANWGES, beautifully paintedby the eminen.tartist Mr. . C Didin th figresandanialsby Mlr. R. WV. Buss, from skethesby 3 Feguson, aq. mad duinghis rendence in India, to- gethr wth he achner, gs fttigs,endaDparatus, offering to any REcellent second-hn Furnitu r ,Pantig,Egaig,Paoots Chiminey-glsases. mmnamtm,2 oe fCapge and numerous usefulMiclaes VIESSRS. OEHAM and SONS will SELL by ACTION. at their Rooms, 351. Oxford-street, near the Panitheon. To-morrow, at 11 for 12 o'clock punctually, a very large ASSEMBLAGE of capital second-haad FURNITURE; including iron, four-post, Arabian, and F?rench bedsteads and hangwngs, with the anpropriate bedding. maisogany end apued ditto, winged and pilain wardrobes, drawers, washstands, i=resing tables, &c.; w-alnut-tree, rosewood, and mahogany chairs, sofas, couches, and easy chairs, cuirtains, loe, card, occasional, andi fancy tabler, cabinets, chimney end pie,r glasses, sets of dining tables, book-cases, he, ; pianofortes of everv bid, by eminent makers, Paintings engravings after Landseer. &.-, chin~ glass, decorative items, 20 dogen o1 Chaimpagne, aind numerous uamonmental effects. May be viewed on Thur=sday and morning of sr.le, and catalogues had. To-morrow, Junegenu,netCollbytorder of heexcuer of bedsteads andch bedinm chameir rxelequstesp iigrte tabes nature, and purity of design, may fairly b deemed alotmvled in Europe; the property of the late Jesse Culig,Fq!, of Her. mondsey. lIAR. QUA-LLETT has been honourecl witii A,VLinstructions from the executors of the late Jesse C-urling Eses of Bermondsey, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Rooms, 21, 01d)SO-nd street, onx 1ri.,ay, July 31, at 1, this well-known and, exceedingl3 valuable COLLECTION of P'ICTURES, by that oelebrated English artist, George Morlanil, executed at a period when his best efforts sc justly obtained far himn a world-wide fame; among which will be -found specimens of every variety of subject, treatedl in his owem cullarly characteristic and masterly ma'nner, including the Homei .s, the Thatchers the Hard Bargain, the Gipsiea, Innocacea Alarmed, Pheasanit ~hooting, the Muscle Gatherers, the Land Storm the Proposal, Son Coast by Moonlight a series of hunting subjects and others equally meritorious, aled known to the public fron~ their popular engravings. May be viewed on Tuesday, the 8th, b, t:ick-ets oul~,and publicly on the two following days and cataiogues ob .rooms, an at the ofMce OfMrQui New Bond-street, opposite the ('1arendon. et,atinr,1 THIS DAY.-By Mfr. EDWIN FOX, on the Prems, at 11, DLA NT, Mttinffs and Effects of the Star Brewery E Farl's-court, 01 Erompzon. On view, and catalogues had. Old Foreign Cigars of a firat-casas quality. ESSRS. ROBINS will SELL by A'UCTION, a- ,LTkthe Auction Mart city To-morrow, at 12, OLD ForEIGS CIGARS, of very exeellert quaity and is, th,e finest coniditioni ; IGttei to suit private purchasers. On view. Catalogues on mooning of sole and a samp)le box of cacb. opened for insection and tasting. Great Bookham, Surrey.-The compact Freehold Estate of about S acres. with a substantial Residence knownasfl ildb rounded by beauitiful Gardens and well-timbered and pak-.k Grounds. R.FREDERICK JONES begs to inform th( Mpublc, that thin PROPERTY was NOT. SOLD at Garaway's but may new he treated for by Pxrvate Contrack-~2 Park-street Grosvenor-sqluare. Willam enntt,Esq, deeasd.-yBNL~yand SON. at the Mart THISDAY Juo 1. a I. n 2 los, y oderof the Executors. 'ITALU J3LE iamon and therlourning Rings~ V wtchs, hais, eal, beas pis, oldand silver nunfF boxes stud, buicls, rndig glss. nd arios tinkes. tay be viewed To Coal Merchants and others.-BrIdge-wharf, Ihidtmore-road Hoxton. M~iR. BOAG will SELL by AUJCTION, as above ItTHIS DAY, June 19, at 1 for 2 precisely, without reserve. thi whole of the EFFECT of a COAL M¶V-CHANT, viz., Powerful va3 horas, vans, waggons, carts, trucks, weighing ma chines wclghts, gig sets of baracsse, coal and c-oke sacks, lerd%plks craft macbiries be, May be viewed, and catalogues hadoth iepoie,ado h auctioneer,!9, Matson's-terrace, Ifingslaud. pe ie,a do h To Toymen Glasadealers. Tavernkeepers,and others. liR. JOHN~ON will SELL, at the City Aucetior IM om,5,Gaehuc-s-e,i h large Room on the Fire Flor. o-mrro, Jne 0. t 1, alare CNSIeNMNTof modemr TRENC and ERMA TOYS ius impated.Also a, quantity o. suprio Ct Gas, i sts f andomly utdecanters, wine glasse tumbers waer arate,floer ase, dshe,tb. Also a quantity o papehaning. pint, ot-coth Ac Ma beviewed the day previeuw and ornig ofsal, an catloges hd attheroomas, ThsDay, at Oxford-villa, Finchley-road, St. Johiss's-wood. 1j .GIdO. DEEKS will SELL by AUCTION, IL nthe above Premises, THIS DAY tiTursedayl, at 12 prr? cisely, the whole of the exceclent FURNITURE, comprising eel- requisite for the bed chambers, drawing anddnnros library, As., a picol pinofrte,engavigs nd oamete,bedandtable linen platd atices,chia, las, kiche utnsis, gadenroller,sauc othe effcts.On iew.Cataogue onthe remis,anid at tih, SplendidGrand and Piccolo full comPass PianuoforieabyBroadwoo double-action Harps by Erard, Harmoniums, Violin3s, andaquan tity of Wind Instruments, being the Stock in Trrade of Messrs.kitan ton, of Worthing. by order of the Executors, -E SSRS. KELLY and Co. will SELL by AUG I.TION, at 21, Old Bond-streiet, riccadilly, on Wednesdaynext, June25, at I for 2 O'clock., upwards of S0Inew anasecond-haiidPIAs,-o FORTES, including a faul compass rosewood Piccolo anditwo elegai grand pianofortes, all nearly new, by Eroadwood. May be viewed thn day prior and mooning of sale. Catalogues ha-d at the rooms, or oftch, auctioneers, 7, High-street. Kensington To Butchers, Salesamen, and others.-42, Queen's-road, near Cheyne 'wl,Chelsea. MR. OUGHTON will SELL by AUCTION, THIS IkDAY, Junoc 19th, at 2, at the Glocester Arms, Sloane-street Chelsea, the valuablo LEASE, 18 Years unexpired, writh G3oodwill ant Biusiness, of most desirable and extensive PREMI1SES established 71 year m omprsin a dubl-frot cmmaningbutcher~'s shop, wit sid enrane, arg ysd, nd remses eclose by a brick wall and tewa, lrgepave, wli ittd-npslaghtrho sb,seep pens,bhullor ~tt, pggeres en stblig, ll ittd u inthe best mnanner, and isi perectworin orer.Ren oly 50 erannum, May be viewe.d gamand Thorpe, SurreY.-Ey Messrs. WATERER and SON. under insrucion frm HnryBrumbridge, Esq., at the Mart, on Thurs- TPWENT -FI-VE Acres of valuable Freehold and .Copyhold BuIldin- Laud, in live lots, situate on the road-side betwenStine-brdgeanaEghm, nd shrtdistancefrom the Stainus and ghamRaiway tatin. lso desibloand well-arrasged lIt rooed esienc, wtl waledin ardn, outry yard, chaise-house, statin, nd thr ot-uilins, itateatThorpe,_Surrey. Further appar n futar adertseent ad may be had of Faq, oliitr,Islweth Midise; and of the auc- iMjESSRS. TURNER and ELVIS Wil SELL by k2.kAUCT'IONsatGCraway'e,onMons,iay,June21, atli, acompaet FREEHLD JiTATE, consisting of an excellent farmhouse, whi,ch mnay be easily contverted into a neat residence, newly bulilt oast-nozes' and all thle requisite farm-buildings, ibree newly erected cottages -auti a beer-house in full trade; also a detached -ottage and the gacideur theretobelonging. abuttingonthehigbroadleadsug fromlloroga.grgen to Plaxtol, altogether cont-aining IS. Ir. 12p, of exceodtsrglyproaucti.,c hop and fruit plantation. The above property is well worthy the notice of market gardeners, capitali-sts, and others, the ground( being of dm1trate quality, well storkediandplamted with apple, filbert, geosebesry, currant, andi other trees, andI a portion with hops,. all in fnul bearing. Distant from Mfaidstone and Gravesend about 10miles, and from London 2 mles Fo paticlar an ceditoneof sale aPply to Nleasrs Neveand ilso, soiciors,Craurook Ret ; at the office of Messrsi Turnr ad Evis,estte nd haceagets,Practiial laud surveyors, aucioners an apraiers 16, Hgh-tret,Boroughi, London airs nelie ffie f M. Wllam astr, rac, at-'-, near Tunbridge. Beark.s, within a mile of Maidenhead, near the river Thames -Very v-aluable and inip5ivirig Freehold Estate, free of tithes and la-nrI-tx, called Spencer's Farm, comprising 151 aecr of excellent arablc andj rich grazinig land, illsh farm-house, homestead, &c,- -AKER and SON2 wHIl SELL by AUCTION, at B- the M6art, on Monday, Juno 2n7d, at 129. in fouir Icts. a capitl-i 1IIEEHOLD PIIOPEIITY, called Spencers -rm. in the parih Off Ceotham,.oneomile from the. Maidenheod Statiro, and lij f teCo>okham Station. 7of Win,dsor. and23 from London -a short dista~nce ala., frcm and overlookinug s-li tenuitifal grounds of ctsdn the favourite residence of the Duch-ess of Statherlmind. Lo ilcmprise a ma't desiral-le Field of Blelenos Land, close on the benuks of the riv,r Thames, aidjoining the road froma YMaidenblesda.'ridge to Cookhanr.contraining Is. 3r. a bcautiful site for a fishinig l,ox. Lot 2. The Farm. house, gardens, large orchard, farm. homestead, two labourers cattacca, and 2-15a. Ir, 610. of very fertile highly productive amble and rich grazing landl, irnimediately surrounding the faon-homse. Lot 3 wil consa fsvea ey valuable enclosures of highly productive clan,is tersecied by the W'ycombe riailway, withi imsporfaiut building frontat,es to the seed from Mlaidenhead to Cookham, comprising,62a. 2r. IS~p,, l3iegvery compact, ond eligible forbraildinlg Pupos:r. Lot 4-sill com. milsc four beautiful enclosures of clevated land, opposite lot - coutai.- ire(8 cre. her isexcllnt ric eathand gravel on itie estte, ajirb s t pesnt n he ccpatonof r.Wil,ahgyrepobe Eliturn,~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~; t A vslLable Collection of Roman Conslula and Imperial Cones Ali ESSRS. S. LEIGH S3OTHEBY and JOHN JJ.WILKIN'SON. auctioneers of liteiy rzopery and werks 31h&o tratitvo of the fine arts, wfil SELL by AUCTION, at their House, 3, Wellingtun-street. Strand. on Friday. June 20, and two followic.gda at I precisely a very -zalna.ble COLLECTION' or ROMAN' COl - SULA. and IMP1ERIIAL COINS ina gold, silver, and. copper, also stome very tine Coutorniati and Spintriati, the property of agentleinan 10evn,Ragland. The coDlection contains miany coins cf ra highest rarity and in the lSnost possible condition, having been formed with rauch infigmeut,regardle6ssof enat, May beviewedtwo days previos.4 andl catalIogues had ± if in thecoDuntry. anrKeept OfttWD StaMps The Cole -onf National JAnitiquitles formed by Mr. Whincopp, of ""SSRS ~ WoDdbr!d5e, Suffolk Al rsss S. LEIGH SOTHEBY avd JOHN IT WILXTh'SON', aulctioneers of literary property and worlks tinzs' ti-ative of the flne arta, wfi SELL by AUCTION, at their Hoase,% 3, Wellington-street, Strand, Ou Tueaday, Junie 24, and following day, at; at 1 Precisely, the very interesting COLLECTION of NAT-IONA ANTIQUITIES. f onned,by M:. Wlsincopp of Woodbridge, Sutffolk~. The of the Britisliperio oonis%tof cm ,$ryurns,beal%fl,colts, seap. heads, and arrow-heads, of iniit and bronze. The antiquities of the ROMan priod embrace0 a large collection of pottery. bronzes, glass vessels, military and domoesti Ornaments, part of which were lound ait Colchester, YoAs. and London. 01 the Angio-Saxoc and Medlierva tbnm;s thec calectmonl abOunds in cruczary urs, libul;;e, jnzuets, sand. Ornsmentsofallde-amiptioLs.ct,ie nfrmteeermChouztesuofIn,,ud somne ci which are of Peculiar interest,as illustrative of the ma-aers;Un cost-nisnotedbyShakespeare. Asnongtbeworksof artanudrelica ofA& ater Period are interesting ob5ects of all descriptions, numerousopecimens of glass Teses, artile Vemeels&C. ; about 200 rings and seals of the British,. tOsAsan.nddSaxon pes-iods,, nearly gall in their original settingsi, and alZ found in this country. maybe> viewed two days previous, and cataloguesehaid ;if in tile country on recipt of rico staips, TheItmanin Cpis o Srtes History and. Antiquities of the BSSRS Couty Platie of Durhzm. ThU S.LEIGHSOTHEBY and JOHN ALWILKISO,auctioneers of literary1prgerty- and works itile. tr,stive of the fine at,Will BELL by AUCT (0. , a-t their House, 3,, Wellington Etreet, Strand, On Wednesday, June 25, at 1 precisely. that entire remaining complte SELTS, on large and. small paper, of tba HISTORY and ANTIQeUITIES of tbe COUNTY PALATINE of DURHLAMI, Complied f rom Origina Records, praeservd. in public repositories and private collcinsU n llstd. by Engravings and lateRobet Sutees of lainsforth, Req., F.S.A., togeherithalltheusod Cpie ofVol, 23,4, in thedifreieutalzes, no oaknupb iuabscier fromo dat an n ousither causes;y inlso copne of te Hssoy oftheCatofDth rhfL,enntedoes.eprtiy butner i 'Ssued and ctioopnees or T lloere's mpetiquatid wofW Rutla onv larghepainer Maybe viewe twoL days preious, andhe caHogues had:ellingthon untrye,A r on recei dayo tJopotae 26st Impres. a a ACletoofalable IBookqs andTS Maucripe ,hify in i lllit unsfte fline arts foLISO,autionea telirsr of liear propetrtya slaudwrs illus-n the pirtkorillytiletratod -reducetions are the Apo alypsisof 1513, by Albert Durer: the Thum .is Car of Maximilian, of great rarity, com-. prisd ineigh lare wod enravigs,syat e n artist:" the several KylgrahieWors o Has B sie; few SpeimeS of Early Typorapy: llutraed. ork ontheSceery of Aoreign Countrien Wors o Naura Hitor; sme eauifulyillnuminated. snss herldi mausept o unsua ineret;als a seies of magnieent; engaviss,in ourimpria foio olues,being the Royal Gift of LouisXVI.toltBosskner. MabeviwedtodayprcTio and ca. FThat Portion of the Private Library of thewl-.on1hlbblt Mr. Ganicia, of Brighton, M SSRS. S. LElIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN WVILKINSON, auctioneers of literar proprty qtdworkaillus. trative of the fine arts, wfil SEIM by tOPO , atteir House, 3. Welingonstret,Stauc o Frday Jne 7,and followng day, at X recsel. te FBSTPCTIO ofthepriatLlIBRARY of the well~uow phloblilst.31. anca, f Bighon;including, in choice conditon rre,cuios, ndvauabe ors,in the Bnglsh French. The valuable Collection of Greek and Roman Coins cf the late Themag -qJESSRS. S B EIGHSddaFqoM ap-117 and JOHN, ALWILKISON, auctionkeers of literarypropierty and works illustrative of the fine arts, will SELL by ATUCT ON, at their House, I3,, Wellington-street, Strana, on Monday, Juno BO, and. follwing dlay, at 1 precissely, a valuable COLLECTION of GREIOH and 1tOMAlK COINS, in geldl, sliver, and. copper, formed chietfY in Italy about 3(1 yearsgobytelatohonaaItichdsonAlajoEsq., of Napes:- the collctin cmprsesSyrcusn Mdalion inthefinesft possible coCi-. tionerar Mealsuofle 'andslCollu e wth uio: eed;Cin fRxs (Rma ad.ItaIan);X aucionem Su itero onuary proenrity;nwk uanat ment.v May bhe fewe ariday and Saturday preTIoUs ato thei soale, an. Ah rerynn lrUno h valuable adslc Collection oGeel andosnan Coins,TX M ESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN WILKIN'SO N.~ auctioneer of literary property and-works mur,tra,stve of the fiue arts, wvill SELL by AUCTION, at their Houne, 3, Welligtanstree. Stand, n Wedesda ,,Jly2 n following, dayre at 1precsetr a ery aluale nd slectCOL ION of Glteeir and ObIA COIS, i gel, slver,and pp n th proprty o anc JamesBird,Ean JamesBrD. sq.]E. M3ESSESS. .VR IEIG SDOTidHORNE and SE1H -'SN, uctoners Il iteary proesrty o and wrstl Wellngto-strewet, S ltrn,o Wtednesdlas.Juys, Bee arele, Ho there. mAinbygportION , of the elBet c sd vaubenCOtErew ION of Gl-reek. XRobma Arsa-idan, THSDAY,sanla9,Aroarth12anl aon~, English, an Softhe B WIS, ingLd.ANd slve,fomd byNSLS iameslud,n Req. four., inldng man raucstrerand,cm unqersecimguaens Ol ronsthltoCati Cunnha'oletonD MayEbe viewedtwordays rextr" n atalogesAdT if i the country on receipt of two samps, Pan, Prawo,ofra genlemane,-dCasv,incadisng- Harnesta s. bod SS O tbe,,eghhir. n aVEEIL Cand sosnMoroccE b -wi SE , Lby Odro AUtIO, Eeuon h rs ms of the late M.D Messrsi. Locke and ofnheestbr,eynode on the Bexecuorad E texeurx asnl ROU LAM AXtwo ilatls andL abw-whe heCTIed haise thre setsto ronga and cas anessa,Jl , at2 nd fieu sets o carita harnck. builtb viUEwed andt cattaloures hadons thein promses aId 17f the u tioneers,d 40, Pa erishelt-street, orCakleq Exchange tahoruhamer nhNew-twnoTISdAt, Junden1. to12, nltets,aPORTiOI f the BEWERY PLNT and. TENSIhS inlinng ba newon. stusehon,ldf casksin sires 70d bherr ofe Ale.and Soutd.ldale and. mahoganytaLoknd.lothertables. an chatirs,f nedteds scrmetaryo, A. Maybe ewedonse daxturevioTwo toathe salem, and c iataogufhaonrth. pRemss an.o tHeAuWCt iones, 1ings Willia-ed tret S London N UTON. athi Gocspter-oad sretord.sGaaery 5,Old Marotor'ln, , Chain-crss onFrda net,at 2,a Satrgo debay ea± o t HOU2, will ~~~~~~~ and. agrad Plaqan-,b capital ~ crpe set f tbles eihtcaiseand ascarved soainT OMorccnyt.lo slb,rs wood s and oThersooadcard tables muatnd ar a couch,ohrtandoe cthimevalustlere,kalabaster an iirOnmns -oPrisntsgA. a fiour-pfostbed complete suoperiordwingedwardroet anor othe chmer anrn,sticles ail table, chairse, ha e usu ande~, bsinete fatrome pchina, glars, and domestic eouisie, iron follr, 00 plsotsu, tc: Maybeavitewe,adjoin iday and caaoo head. Pialso of lr.nElgood_ 2!; MaWihm -st-rieet.CesalttM e=u.Tehlked Byn Orea-pr of ucthe Exeuters of the laer aUMr. at A!low goud,- Yen%c feofln Inv arestmnt aon pptheBedford Mnat e, hdj u time, attooLOmA of l SEL Cuf. ys. A TIN,ane tDE MessMrt. oinse Wenesday,Julyn, Grsarnttr, n inelt, cit;r avitslbick ofhb u ctiHoUSeS, 5 with Matratie hop Ms,rbing Nos, 161,1,9 andZ 22, SSRnd33 vrHoAtslreet Oanley-sUCKre, t.arar,in e mans thotroughfaed fro the Aew-road. tof x,B Camen-toe, a bndtru Imedia vicicotyurfethe North-esMotaern Raiwa StaLon AUTheONew bancthe _oa onfce,dneday Jaungt25n vand bl Ampthl D sqa Es. Ahepoperyistheld for leCases irec fro hinvstGrace thel D~ ford,oa unexpired terms f9 er,S o 017yas tlwgroundret-costjgofurea susantiprsanl banuat egtrwent of,£05 oecebtained of ess. 33ridre, Masoand, and Brides sxodcitors, 23.gto liet LtonMenar Stdan,theelert; anda otheM autionees aountices 8, Orhad stret Portmuc;an-sqnr e,lIul ihlOA3lden edfr3 Houehld untr,Prtrmben and. Sherry Wie,Al and StouttheCa liare or-, IignaeatndLof thegas Faes,iae anna Tauentjof newo Capetes,7 !beok Cofee-hMousote Fituents, ToCaise Harncuses, au cndPiainsoforte, ha o.Jh .acHADWICEsq. isobintoruct O o-toec SELL Jby ,Charrtg-crEs,qo Friidayne, A att12, agargen aeorg of HOsmU%sE.m HO uclD d F auctNiTI8o mperi dsing~or mahoan chairs, udinn t2 ables, ch'imneyM-glasses, p Y-me 3u and otercap ts,kmaho rany idboards,atqan- titynsof otcloths m eaholay four-pozestn ofrec fi edstears, beddig I larges (of ahe not (--oing-cds fitrams), cfe-os itreuitn and avripet of H0vnecaily mauatuBiedo Scarpenters tools,Preta, Sherr wine aleand stout? i tuamru effects G 1odef thd West-j hadrt.teCutyCut and attherWnsbeg autonrtoos Trd f h ae lsr. -LomasGremseld o IetmeaetenieSoki Digbth.H.Birinham,deICKae.y dilSL yA CI ,JLtonoth aRprawes, nTedyJl1,alpeieyi n oeb oderln of Mortgae,tio lan eiikbttLABHi)ITT, comprisingpadul-rne onrso n dwllc.o sk,cto AI Pert anum stuae iColgstet, Chesa an exstensive mannfacor prmiss, ard an dwllig-bsse, ltbortftlVdlert Wnes lix freeof andtax Paticlar ar prparng,andemaybe hand Sinva fiue Messs. nsy an Maon,Grebam-tret,aity atre G uartenwaysk sa Cornwall.-Sale of Mansion-house and dosirable Freehold ram., int lots. to suit the covnec f2pshssers.-By M4r. W. 'P. CONGIDON,o Wensdy n a?t'2 in the afternon at the Red ison Hotel, St. Columh, mjuisetahbisand convenLientlots,6s,riculars of which may ho had as stated below, vaualc orehold Propet compriscgte A sveariou mnsonhop,knwn2a11M 'useI,and gverood. Ervan,hinthe county ofCoMnwalL. TheSijjtuaton of the mAnaion .is vary fine and healthy, commanding an extensive and beaii,u. ve of the Bristol Channel, of Osiie Tocky ts1s.dds and of thebol strikirng coast scenery. The view from beJWd the house towrd' Ivee St. -Agnet, and Ncwquay is also very beautiful. T-he house coo-. totes a good dicing room, disznrinZ rcum, ibrary7, ball, 13 bed rocoms, and two dressing rooms; kitchen, pantry, ervanta'-hl]a, bouseksepes'a room, ceLLar, anad al the usual reWquites' of a gentleman'5 residere toge(ther -with lawn, walled gardien, !itcen garden, coseh-houss,an stables. The estate comprises nearl I,WD-ftacs, *At`teWstDeWe, e excellent amble, meadow, and pasturc land, planotises sad orch'DE npssrdsfl,oe cre ofwhih -o wthina ne dace ,ouigords th cno.Thercarcesix commediurau ones "witline-ary and convenient outbulldings, labourers' -otgs Ac.M wth e aovescrn perty in mostly adjacent be the north coast inonea c. the AbOest arGci-. tarsl districts of the county, and wtieaydsneEt o aki aCold fairs, b eIn ot treemies from Padgtow, amemiles fromSt. Colub,nie mlesfrm WNadehnidge (where a railway will hortly mc to meet the main southern line at Bodmiin), 12fmoslesroe 2ewquay and 25 mailes from T-rouro, There are also gret facilities for obtarnfacsunarand and other3manures, and for theeasy shpment of orn. PoG-. vt-nton B3ay, on the n3orth-east aide of Tj-reose estate is ac-mnir5hbg fitted for a harbour, having dee-o water, and being wel sheltered. A.- ;lighthouse hoalsaobeen recentlyserected'atTrevose Head, To ioets-- pan h6prpetyOffers many advantages-Yacbin and goda ih - excellenbts adwild-fowl abound, anda -very littl preserrvng ineuwew tW show the est-ates. Particulars, setting forth the lot in which tb. pioierywllbeuldan giinga dscrpton o thesara, nosy be bad. ofMssr,Codeigngcon, ad ottn,of,10, AxngArm-yard. Moogae-sref, onon;atthechef otlsatBXieter. 1'byncutb safrmamonmayhe ad,ass1'vereaea ofItayr wary 5 be seen.
