DEATHS. On the 1C1 inst., at New Yorks, in the SId year of his age, David Madden, REq.. On the 131th ins-t., at TenterilensKeut, Jane Si xth daughter of the late Mlatthew; Towgood, R.,of Sit. Neot's, Huutiog&o,shuroe On the l4th inszt., at Limne-grove, Plutney. Lady St. Aub3n, aged.57. Ont the 14th inst., at Withiwood, King's Norton, near Birmingham, Joseph Wilimore. Esq., aged 82. On the 14th inst., at Sparsholt V'irarage, near Winchester. in his 4th year, EdwardlHoratio, the third1 son of thie Rev TEdward Stiwart. On the 14th inst.. a, Portawood Lawvn, Southampton, aged SO, Sarah, wife of Joln D)unkinj, Req. On th,e 14th insbt., at No. .55, Strand, Mr. Williamn Simpson, in the Rid year of his age. on the 14th inst., after a few. days' illness,, at 1her residence. Dorset Vill. Chll"tenia-, Rachel, lriirow of the late Hlon. Andre-w Rtamsay, aged 72. On the 15th inst.. at Ihis reidence, Bath-read, Reading, Joshua Brown, REst, aged 41. O0n the 15th inst., at Kensington, Sophia ritt, dlaughter of the into Sir Christopher Sweedland. On the 11th inst., Maria, thae belovedI wife of Johnl I . Miorton, Esq. On the 15th inst.. *at Woodbridge, Frances, widow of James Fulham, RESq., in the 9slt year. On the 15th inst., at Dilton M1arsh, Westhury, Wlilts, Eliza, the wife of the R1ev. W. Memriman. On Sunday, the 15th inst., atPhllhimore.-terracee Rensington. Harriet Elizabeth, relict of the la'te John Winstanley, Esq., of Llojdrs, in the 77th year of her age. On the 15th inst at 413 Peel-street, Tosteth-park-, Liverpool. Isabella, the v. ife of Joamesfoteteson. Esq. on the 16th inst.. at Mlillbrook, near Southampton, Ellen, the helovedwife of ReLiert G. Base-'t, Ears., Eolicitor, acea sO. on the 16th inst.. in her 16th year, Eliza, recond dauighter of Boomn. Stephens-on, Esq., 2.5, Tavistoek-square. On the 16th inst., at WVoodgrange Villas, Forest-lane, Arabella, relict of the la'e Mr. David Nutt, of Stratford-green, R_ear. On the 16th inst., at the residence of his biruther-in-law, M1r. Eidwin BErnidge, fr. Thomas Hfood, of 9), St. Jasne.2s-plaee. Sr. Jamies's. On the 16th inst., at 52, Wimpole-strect , Thomas Poynder, Resq., of ifilimearton-lodge, Wilts. On -the 17th inst.. at Lnmlheth, Dr. Thomas S. Holland, late Assistnnt-I'hysiean, itenkioi Civil Hospit-al.
TOCONTRACTORS.-WANiTED. imnmediate, TEIsINDEESfot REMOVING BOILandREP.ArRIGaWHARF situaeA on the Regeni"s-csna5. The work to be done betweenx the21 a.d W0th of June bnat., during whilch time the pound will he empty. :ror partcular apply on the premises, Globe-bridge-wharf, Mile-end"Osi. WELLIZiG1SOROUGH LOCAL BOARD of WHEALTH.-The local Be6ard of Health for the District of V~ellinghorough.in the county, of Nortisampton. hereby give notice, that the ar prpard t reeiv TEDER frm~artie willing to undertaketheflloing ONTRCTS:-Cotrac 0., fo thesuply and For he xcaatig fr ad Lln Stnewro ipen and constructing Bric Seers.Speifiatios ad, rawigs ay e seen at the offices of he oar, ellughrouh.andquatitesand all infermation may e otaied t te Srceer' olice Seledtenders to be delivre tomeon r efre onay.th 2d o Jne,186.The Board do not bind themaseletoacpth wstenr Bly ore fteBad HM SCOOK, Clerkr. Wellingbocough,Jne1,86 T R CEIRS. -The Trustees of the Felstead T GrMma colIux.aepeae to receive TENDERS for a 8 UPPLY o f thef followi'ngA ART'ICL'Im -ff rom the 20th July 1 856, to the 20th January. IS57:-Good Congou T..ea, at per lb., in chest; good Jam3ica Coffee. at per lb.;- RAw Jiamaca Sugar, at per cwt.; and reJined broken Suar atel;be ost Butter in flrkrns and firt qalty ris. t pr l.;andb a qaliyGouda Cheese, at per ewi. selcte. Al aricle to e dliveed st isead free of expense. at uchties ndin uc qunttie smayberequired. Tendera,with samles tobeforardd t te uderignd,on or before Monday, the JONH ETN Sttieward Feistead. Juno 16. 1856, TO,Sea. N.B The Trustee do not bind themselvYes to accept the lowest tender. S URREY COUNTY LUNATIC ASYLUM.- )ZlPersons willing to SUPPLY this Institution with 400 torts of the hest WELSH COALS, 600 tons of the heat Household Coals, and 200 toes of Gas Coke, are requested to send in sealed TENDERS for the same, addressd to the Committee of Visitors, Surrey Countyv Lunatic Asyl1m, near Wandsworth. on or before Friday. the 27th Juno, 1856, and endorsed "Tender for Coals.' The parties offering to contfact are hereby informed that the whole of the coals are tobe delivered between the Ist of July and 20th of September, and the coke from the same period to the' 0th of December next. in quantities of from 10 to 20 toes weekly, from time to time, an wanted. The tender must spccify the name of the coal intended to ho supplied, and the price per teni to inelude every charge, delivered into the stores of the Asylum in sacks of 2 cwt. each, with a coal meter's certificate with each delivery. The Vizitors do not bind themselves to accept the lowest tender. Blank forms, uope which the tender is required to be made. and any;.further irformation, can he obtained on application to the Steward of the sAzy luin.By order. S. BRIDGLA.N D. Clerk to the Committee Of Visitors. Dated 14th JunE. 1856. dayof une 156 In hematterofteJittocCmpns Wisdin-upAct. IISand 1849. and of the TREOEISan CARNRONE FTWOIK TIN Z,UNINIG CO AN Ith Honiourable Sir George Rose, the Matro h ihCuto on cery cbavee witht the windin-op o hsCmay oprmtrl order thalaCALL of£2 2s.tGd. per ohrehem deor l the contribu- ARUDE ROER. oliitr.33, l Jwy London. 11EDICAL OFFICER.-St. Alban's Union.-The ±71Board of Guardians of St. Albae's Uniion, will, at thleir Mfeetin g to be he'd on Tuesday, the 24th day of June, 185, APPOIN a M,EDICALOFFICIE., to attend inthe First Medical District, at the underseentioned salary, to include surgical operations, midwife'ry, and all other medical extras. Applications to be forwarded, with testimonials.,. to the Clerk to the Guardians, St. Alban's. before 11 a.m. of, the 24th day of June. 1856. stating therein it the aDplicant desires to ari as Public Vaccinator. District-St. Aihau's, St. Stephen's (except Smallford), St. Michael's (except the workhouse) ; salary £75; population, 6.9,ts; area. 14.000 sores. MASTER and MATRON.-The Directors of thie MV1-Aanchester anod Salford Baths and Laundries Company are pro d orcieAPPLICATIONS from respectable married couples efth ITUTONS of MASTER and MATRON of the Company's establishament in Greengate, Salford, Joint salary, not to ho less than £70 per annum, with a free house, coals, and gas. iNone need apply whose chiaracter will not bear the strictest investigation. All applications to state the ages of the parties and their previous occupation, and must be addressed to) the Secretary of the Company, 5, York-chambers, Manchester. oxn or before Mlonday. the 7th July. By order of the Directors HUGH FLEMING. Secretary. Al OXEY WA-NTED.-Plymonth Local Board of .7.Health. -Noti:e is hereby given, that the Plymnouth Local Boardt of Health are prepared to BORROW, under the powers of the Public Health Act, 1848. and other enabling powers, the SUMS of £1,650. £2000. and £4,000. making together the sum of £7,850. The mnoney borrowed ivil ho repaiut by equal aDnual instalments of principal and iat-rest in 30 sears. Persons wiling to advance the total amount, or either iif the above autms, or portions thereof, are requested to ewnd prpois to meo rbefore the Ist day of July next. WLIIMEASTLA.KE, Clerk to the Local Board of Health. Plymouth. June 186 1506. j~ONEY.-Vestry of Clerkenweli.-WVANTEDT, t-o 10- yeaR,tOWh the SUM1 of X5.CO0, On the security of the sates, for 1 er,tberepaid by instalmsents of £80 annuallty. Tenderm Stating terms, to to addrezsed to the Clerk. Vestry Hall, Upper Roso- xcanstret.-uno16,1&46. BY order. THOS. CROMWTLL Clerkc. TJOHIN'S-SQUARE.-To be LET by Tender, te PREMI1SES known an No. 56. St. John's-square, Clerkenweli. laeitn the Occupation. of the Commissioners for Paving, &c., of St. Johns District, now heldL by the Vestry of the Parish of Clerlkenwell on' lease, expiring at Christmas. 1863. Tenders to ho addressed to the Clerk of thie Vestr. Vestry-hail. Upper Rosomras-street, of whom further pwarticui2sr may be known from 10 till 4 o'clock daily. The promisAes may be viewed on application betwreen the Same hours. Junoe 10, 1856. By order. THOS. CROMWNELL, Clerk,. A BE-OLUTE SEOU RITY froma STEAM EX.PLO---S ION by W. KIE.IBLE ti-ALL's PATE-NT SAFETY APPARAT US. whichi may ho applied to any hoiler in a few hours. See Transactions of Institution of Civil Engineers." 4th and l1th March, 1858. It is correct in principle, simple in construction, and applicable to all farmns of boilers, and should be applied to every steam boiler in operation."-The A-rtizan. Price of three-inch v-alve, £10 ; four-inch, £1I2: five-inch, £18. For further particulars apply to T. Wood, 8, &t1teroa'-IhAl reset. Cannon-street. city, where it maybe Seen. EVE_NOAKiS, Kent.-The ROYAL CROWNf ) HOTEL.:W. PAWLEY. Jun. Families by theweek. DRUDAY's CAFE, 7, Rupert-street, 1Iaynsarket~.1 Dinners, surp-Nrs. and wines ox the choicest descrip4tion. TELbO_N s PORTLAND) HOTEL, ree_ Po-tand ..Ls stt,t.- Dcxv in; rwam and hot toam enx suite, 7s. ; bed rooms. ls. W1.. 2s. 6d.. 3s. : breakfats, Is. 6d. and 2s.; Plain dlinners, 2s. Gd. ; attendance. Is. per day: pert and sherry 5s. per bottle. Failes and gentlemen by the weeLk. All cbsarges for candles discontinued. T~AiiWTE.-Te UEE'sFAMILY HOTEL, JPyladyZ erens-roa. Ba-awaer. earKosington-gardens, is disi,giAhei or edrom priy nd amlycomfort. Apartmeuts, wit fol bard 5s Gd pe da, o £2iSa Gd pe wek, whicht includes allchages Mels hared rpaisl ifpreerrd.Choice wines and ,OUTHAMPTON HOTEL, urio,Surrey, )O adjoining the Kingston Station. for Familisn GetemenCiA.RLE.S BAILEY respectfully begs to inform tenblt n Public tha,t the abuove hotel is replete with every comafor,piemorate, ad a tiredsum charged for attendance. The hote sdlgtul situatea shortidistance teemr the Thames, while ispoiiyt H-nPton-court, Bushey and Richmond parks, Claremon,&. edr It excrsedinely attractive to these who) are desirouso vstigths delightfUl ala,ss. Post horses randcarriages of every decitn.Fy at the station, on the arrival of every train. ri¶0 LO VERS of FISH and PUNH-RICHARD L0 PH ILLIP&'s (late Simpson's) celebrated FISH ORDINARY. Three Tur,s Tlavern, l lihigagu~te-rnarket. Dinners of all fish in seas~on sAwd joints., c., at I and I O'clock punctually, at Is. Gd per head. r HE BE;ST DIINNERS in LONDON are at T SMITH's W,A)AL SUADES, 5. Lelceater-square, opposite the Great GlObe, consiting of four SOUPS, six sorts of fish, anad si of joints, cheese. &Cn, from 3Ito half-past g every day, for Is. Gd, per head. XV ITEB.AIT.-Plou -h Tavern, Blackwall (Poplar lT7ls'ationl.-C. HAYNFES 'eg to inform his friends and the 1,blic. tisat WIIITEBIAiT is new in high cerfectionl. Trains from x enchssrch-street and br-aunties and omnibuses from city and wedt end every quarter of an hour. pERRY, irn bplendid condition, (abu40dzn)t li 1DIS POSED oh', a bargain.-WOODWAD RTES 17, Change-sally, Cnrisil. PRIME PERRY and CIDER, in the ~finest cni ption.- A imafi lot in bottle of the above delicious BEVERAGE t'j be SOLD. ANpply to A. B. C., Mlessrs. WYooliey and Cook's, St. Benlet-Placs-. (jra,ici,urch-strcet. X RTEATM EAL (for Brown Bead and COUNTRY TNV PLO Cii, wame-sted free from adiulteratiorn, delivered to any Part Of Lan-ton, no,t less th.u one perlk, at millers' prices by CL CULLE-N andl Co~ strain mills, Wisbeach. London depot, 17, RtollandPlace. Chla,haur-rYIa. Corn. Er.. at Slack-lane prices. _DHOTOGRAPLIIC APPARATUS, Chymicals,, an,d . Mouutings muay be had a. MCMILLAS's, 132. Fleet-street. Wisoleonle price list may, be had free onx application. June price list now readly. D1-HOTOGRAPHY.-A complete APP~ARATU~S, .L £3. £8 Sis ansd X11lls,n chymicals arid the art taughit includeed. lIrice Lists set,t pest free.-At GILBERT FLEMING', mnanufecturer to lHer Majesty's Bo,ard of Ordnance, 458. New Oxford-street, Author of -, First 01t1,3 in.Phot geasxpby." Price Gd.. by post seven stamaps. E)HOTOGRAPHY.-CRYSTAL WRITE SHItEE J. GLAISS, the heat adaalted for the collodfon process, and at less than half the cos,t of patent plate. Price list Post free.-B. LAM1B's wholesale wvindow glass, sheet lead, and pipe warehouse, 18, Crownst'reet, Soho. PHOTOGRAP1[IY.-Exeter-hall Photographic Por- traiture Itoor,s. 342, Strand, London.-Mr. ARTHUR MILES, Artist. execute-s. or colours in oil, PHOTOGRAPHIC PORTR&ETSn coi.'aining the great eszentials in all good pictures. namely, pleasing expr,sssi,r.n tillletY, durability, and finish. List of his prices, which vary fronmos. Wd. to Ci is., forwarded on application. ISOLOMION's Whiolesale Arnesican, English, andi *j French 1`1IOt'OGRA,PHIC andI OPTICAL WYAREHjOU'SE 22, Red Lion-s ,,irse. London. LNew catalog6ues andprices nose published, ansI gi;er, frLe ai ailpltati.win CLARKINGTOY~s PHOTOGRAPI ETA CL JLLtS RiiIENT, 01, Quadrant, Rcgent-street.-Superiorly executed Portraits , co!Ore amd :;r4 si,,tte,, in best morocco cases, complete, froort l03.6GE St:reosco,pic portraits one goLnea-Regent Gallery, Quadt(rant. pICUADILL,Y PHO TOG RAP7H IC WANV2RRE hoif."Lb, w-herenmaybheseelilPHO,TOGr.APEHICAPPARI'TU.~ ineeyvr-t,las atos nitr ae.&, Dheaethtan ho-no n Loolais.CO,oilet-sSet of apparatus, with instructions tillperfec. £.-A C.E. LIFORDs, 0. ~ieadily.Catalogues gratis. UGHES' NLENV PHOTOGRtAPHI ALp~ 4S15 and 433, West Strandl. between Lothrarsondin I'-bhc attention is re3pecafer. ALiso to ai, eXt(nsive collection of veiews taken i h rma oe S.itz,rlansl. sist Sarir. Admission free. FIRST-CI.ASS PORTRAIT', at the London F Sehoe-l 'f Ph 7.gnly 8.-New-ate-vtrcet, anid 44, Regent-street. The following resductious hAve been masle in the prices of portraits (on paper) since th- removal of ps.telst fromi the coliodion proceiss:-Tihe portraits forni,rly chargesd lOs. Cd. are redluced to 2s. Gd. ; £1 IS., seduced to 3s. Gd.; LS.1.22. reduced to 5. ; 3 3s. reduced to 10s. Gd. No diferer-ce is nna;e ill th e iua!itY of n htgab nneute t'he, reduction of price. Duplieate_copies are charged h3lf-price. Instrue- tion in photography, three lesions for X1 Is. z£;5, £10, and £20 sets of appamhtu. with fltl instruction, gratis. LLICHTESNSTEIN's OIL PAINTINGS, comn- L prisiri; Lan i3cape3. Lleads. and all the Allied Generals, -c., fixcd on criovex classes, in gilt oval frames, will be found most important to ricture dea'crs, as all his pailitings are warranted to be fixed with hia neily-inv erttd crsrtallized patent lava paste; will stand the test of any clinmats., or Cvel, hot water, and yet in case of breakage can be removed in a ftsi minuites without injur5 to the Dicture. Artists for retiring constantlY k^pt on the p,remiscs, at 33, Great St. Helen's, and 10, ruc Hla7ntran. Paris. rPHE ALLIED GENERALS BEFORE SEBAS- 'j TOPOL.- .1ex rs. PAUL and DONMIIC COL-NAGIII beg to st:ei t:art tney Icere arra)vged to continue tneprivate inspection of Mllr. BARK;ItlER's tR.tAND rl'urURCI of the AlILIED GENERALS BEFURE SEJASTOS" )L for a few days longer, at the German Gallerv. Those. th-,rftorc. Svhi havs the iuivitation, can inspect the picture by presentin7 t!-eir crl. The ex:hibition wvil in a few days be a pablic onc.-13 arid 11, 8'l-,sslall rust, TOGItAPHS of WVELLINGTON, Gough, Eag1,in lahe,. 1.olr F. So)mee-,A), Naqier, Sale. Littler, Cuppage, the sO7en in godConditi0", forl 010s. Applyto mzr. Evans, stationer, 20. r.ing'e-rsad, Chelsea. TILLIAM the THIRD.-A BRON'ZE EQUES- W TRLA.N STATUE of this celebrated Monarch for SA.LE, at Maurice Mose'. IltA, Osxord-strcet. Higiht of statue, with ph'nth, 30 inches. Price 2O guilneas. ECHANICAL AIOTION.-A PLATE i,ustrat- ,i0ing I1O varieties of mechanical motions, with Key,' may be had free onapplication, orby lKstou receipt of two stamps, Also informa. tion on patents. rovisionll protection for six months, eight guinea. Patent, I20Vmnr r . CLARER tateit.arent. 53. Chau,srv-l'ue gELS.--To Large Consumers. -LABELS I PRILTED aud CUT by machinery, ready for use. One-inch squ,lre, Gid. per 1,000, in quantities of not less than 200,800; large siezsin iproprtionin coloured taks equallymoderate. Deignsfmade and estimates forv,arded.-J. CROSS and SON, machine printerp engrver. lihogaphrs.,and statiorners, 18. HolIbor. Established l8lIY 1? ODOLPHE HELBRONNER begs to call theat:?G5, Regent-sreet. fl.ME RLE 3YAUI3IGNE will giye an AD. DD-RESSS at Union Chapel. Co-Pmptgtance, Islington, THIS LIVENING. at ? o'clock. raisin ASY0forUX Urpoer ofe erecpneday n Sabro ate sool Hrooms. Grcneions wIieth Cr-treet Ch.ape of HenrbRtonal Higmonesso usefu Drtchesswl etakul ofeceivedot bymmthee Hon tory Seore tare: dos3 an Auscrbeato3 -Uner tho e enspetuial PhatronaE.A Sof meri ost 27, leceter-lace Ne-roa, ha bee Eletedto the office of Secretai. vcan bytheresgnaionof tir Jon Glbet'that Mir Charles Ifrrle. f4l Chncry-ane hs ben ppintd 4olector rotem.,, whowil tae a erlyopprtuityofcalingon hedonors and subcrrber fo th pamen o th suscrptins owdue. The ommtte aronowprearedto eceve Pplications froma aged andindm mmbes o beefi soietes hoare eliglble to become candidates o disont h sl fofom for which purpose mAybe had of theSertyasao. HEUNRY CAIfPXIN Chairman. Committee Room, Anderton'is Hotel. Fleet-street, Jun~o 13. 1856. TFA-NT ORPHAN ASYLUM-V, Wanstead.-Under IN ~~~the immiediate Platronage of Hler Mrost Gracious MAJESTY. His Royal Highness Prince ALBERT. It is proposed to celebrate the T WENTY-NINTH ANNIVER1SARY at the Asylum. Wanstead, on Wedlnesday next, June 25. The Rtight Hon. the Erl MANVERS has mogt kindly oonsented to preide. Tke children will be eatmined at2 o'clock by the Rev. Thomas Dale, StIA., Canon of St. Plaul's and Vicar of St. Pancras. and the Rev. Robert Bickerateth, M.A., Canon of Salisbury, and Rector of St. Glesin-the-liulds. A cold collation will be provided at 4 o'clock. The vocal arrangemnents under the direction of Mr. BayIey, Vicar-Choral of St. Paul's Cathedral. )Family tickets, admitting three persons, ladies or gentle- men,oneguiea,or ingle admissions, half-a-guinea, may be obt3ined at he ffce,46 Lugae-bll whresubcrptinsand donations are Office. 46, Lud atfoe-hill.JOde he arng oUfLR Ser .a jeTtheQUfsEnt OphnAsyltuteMayS1 tetreceivesbrae hide,woarere sedcatabl dhescephnd, fhromg tearis infancy, and ofromac allpat cidofoth kingdom: dithebloyso being retandutl1, ando theliginus uontxin15Tyear G qECHLDREET.NGtanfor thie.Ude h patronageE E CTOfHereMa held en Monday, June 16, 1856, at the London Tavem, BishopsgAteEtet; Major-General BUCILEY, 54.., in the chair. The Annual Report of the domestic andflnancial etate of the Charity was read the various officers chosen for the ensuing year. and the following FR csidren duly elected :- 'Votes. Ivotes. 1. Brindle. Henry John 5,196 7. Glodfrey.JYobn ...4,322 2. Osborme. Elizabeth. 5,28 I1 8. lightfoot, Win. Edw. 4.293 3. Severe. Win. Brian. 4.84 I 9. Pugh, Chaa. Ernost. 4,233 £. Turner, Carolinea . 4,73 10. Furley, Robert .. ..4,177 5. Brockway. Mlary Anni 4,65 11, lhk. A. B3ertha . 4,105 6- Oakey. Edlward .. .. 4,603 12. Newell. Josidah.. . 4,085 The Chairman having declared t spl lsd It was unaulmoul reovd httebs hnsof the Meting be presented to Mao-Gnra ucly, P., fo lisknd and valuable services in thecar DAVILD W. WIRE,, Ho.1 ceaig THOMAS W. AVELINDG, IHn ereais Office, 10, Poultry, where forms of application for candidates and lists of subzsmibers may he had gratuitously, and every information, on any day from 10 trn 4. Subscriptions most thankfullyreceived, rost-office orders should bo made payable to M1r. John Curer, Sub-Secretary, and addressed to the office of the Charity. N EW ASYLUM, Stamiford-liffl.--To the Supporters .1A of JOHN GODFREY-His friends beg respectfully to RETURN their sincere THANKS for tho kind assistance given in causing him to be successful at the June ElectIon. 1858. R OYL CLLEE o SUGEONS of ENU- LAND, Juo 17 18&-Noice s heebygiven, that the followkg reth 1.ME o te eigbl Felos hoare CANDIDATES for he OUNIL,at te Anua Elctio, apoitedto take place on Cmsr HnryHawins Grsveor-tret,Grosvenor-square : John Bisop.Berardstret,Rusellsqure;whoretire from the Council in Edward Cock. St. Thomas's-street, Southwark-nominated by Win. Sudlo Root. Ifngoto-on-TamesJohn ilton NewBroad-street:~0ew Broadstreet; Thmas CallawomaBorough ED UDBELFOUR. Secretary. I HE MARGARET-STREET D)ISPENbARY for TCONSUMPTION and DISEASES of the CHEST, 28 Mararetstreet. Regent-stre et: instituted 1887.-An urgent APPEkLis made on behalf of this Institution, to extend the benefilta of the Charity to a large increase of patients applying for relief. Donations receivedby Str Sm. ,Scott and Co.. bankers, 1, Cavendbib-square: by Saml. Fowell, Esq . Secretary 120. New Bond-street; and at the Dispensary. TONDON DISPENSARY, 21, Church-street, L.ASpitalilelds.-Notice is hereby given, that a QUARTERLY GE_NERA.L 3MEETNG of the Governors of this Institution will be held at the Dispensary House, on Friday, the 20th day of June inst., at 6 o'clock in the evening preci sely. THOS. BUTTS TANQUERAY-WILL&UM,E, Sec. 34, New Broad-street, June 14,1856. S USSEX MEMORIAL.-INAUGURATION of )0the STATLUE Of His late Royal Highuess the Duke of SUSSEX. and OPEINING the SUSSEX MEMORIAL WVING of the ROYAL FREE HOSPITAL, will tlok place THIS DAY, June 18. 1856, at 2 o'clock; aud thae 28th Anniversary Festival of the Charity willbe held ini Freerma%sos'-hall, at G6 o'lock, President of the Dlay-The Right Hon. Lord L'EIGH, Lord-Lieutenanit and Provincial Grand Master for Warwickahire. Govemors and other friends of the Charity are respectfully invited to attend. Tickets for the dinner may be obtained of thxe Stewards; of the Honorary Secretary, at the Hospital ; and at Freemasons' Tavern. The musical arrangements for the Festival are under the direction of Mr. Donald King. C'A-NCIER HOSPITAL, London and etrmtn -The claimas of the poor afflicted with cancrepcliyfmes are more urgenit than for any other class of sufferer.Ti hrt a received under its care 1.513 patients, an o vrgsconstantl under treatment uxpwards o1 400 eases. Th eeisaddietary are of the most expensive character.PEUI YAD from the benevolent is earnestly solicited to enal h Cmiteto continue the relief sought for. The Hospital at West Brampton Is open to the inspection of thle public daily, from 2 to 4 o'clock, except Saturdays. Treasurer-William Loxham Farrer, Esq 66 Llnroin's-lnn-fieldsz. Bankers-Messrs. Coutts and do, 59, Strand. Secretoary's Office. 167, Piccadilly, opposite to Bonad-street. where subses-iptions ame received and all information relative to the Charity may be obtained. By order, W. J. COCKERILL, Secrtary. HARRtOW SCHOOL.-The ANNIVERSARY HMEETING of the Noblemnen andGentlemen educated at Harrow wNll be held at the Freemasons'l Tavemn, Great Queeni-street, onWednesday, July 2, at?7 o'clock. Tickets 2sl. each. Viscounat SANDION, ?sLP., in the chair. STEWVARDS. Viscount Garlie s Alex.3.T.BeresfordHope, Esq. The Hon. F. Ponsonby Catan yron Drtury, N The HIon. T. F. Stuart Wortley Osorm Bateman, Esq. Sir Robert Peel, Dart., SiLT. C. S. Currer, Esq. Augustus Stafford, Esq., M.P. Robert Broughton, Rsq, The Hon. R. Grimston H. M. Butler, Esq. It is requested that HaroiasIntending to dine will do the Stewards the favour of leavn ternames With Elkin,gton and Co., at the Tavern before the lst ofJuy KiNG's COLLEGE London -The OFFICE of KtRLOT URlER on the w5iEca LANGUAGE and LITERIA51 tiRE being VACANT, the Council are ready to receive applications fronm gentlemen desirous of offering themselves for this appointment. For fuirther particulars apply to J. W. CUNNINGHAM, Sac, June 1-4, 1856. "UE EN's COLLEGE, London, 67 and 68, Harleylcstreet; aeorporated byjtRyal Chaxter 185, for General Female Education, and for granting Certifilcates of Itnowledge.-The ANNUAL MEETING will be held on Tuesday, the 24th inst., at 3 o'clock p in.. when tbe chair will be taken by the Right R1ev. the Lord B3ishop of OXFORD. Cards of admission may be obtained on aPpplcation at the College. June 14. 18 56. C. G. NICOLAY, Deputy Chairman. __ E N'ss COLLEGE, Londons,67 and 68, Harley- sre,incorporated by Royal Charter, 1853. for General Female Euato,and for Granting Certificates of Xnowledge.-GEORGE SCA E. Ee., Junior Professr of Drawing. &o., wfi deliver his INTRODUCTORY LECTURE on ART, at 4 o'clock p.m., on Friday, the 20th inst. Tickets of admission may be obtained on aPplication at the office of the College. C. G. NICOLAY, Deputy Chairman. NORTH LONDON or UNIVERSITY COLLEGE7 NIO5EPITAL.-The Committee, in deference to the objections to p,ublic dinners entertained by many very generous and zralous .nrPpocters of the Hospital. have determined not to have recourse in the present year to an appeal of that kind, although they Sond that for m~aintaining the Ciuarity in its present state of efficenecyduring the rest of the 5-ear,and for equalizing the receipt to the expenditure,the sum of X1,500willbe required. This, in consequence mainly of enincease of Btuidents' fees for clinical instruction, is about £80 less than the usual a early deficiency made good by collections at public dinners, and other extraordinary contributions. Thu Committee eamnestly entreat the assistance of the benevolent, in order that they may be saved tlue painful alternative of.involving the Charity in now debt or of lessening its efficiency. It annually affords relief to about 15,0140 patients, of whom 1,200 in. patients are provided with the most sklfulh treatment and assiduous nursing. The out-patients are about 5.000:; 350 women in chiltdbirth are attenided at their own habitations ; the ophthalmic patients are upwardls of 700; arid the casualty cases, admittedI without recommendations stall hours of the day or night, are 9,000. The expenses~ amount ev,ery year to between £5,000 and £6,000, under a syitenm of strict econoniy. The ordinary receipts from annual Subscriptions, students' fees, end other sources scarcely amount to half that smm; for the rest the Charity has been hitherto dependent on legacies andc the produce of appeals to the publia. The building in capable of containiing 200 beds, bet for want of funds thoe Comamittee are obliged toliiniit th~enumber of in-patients at any one time to 12. They are. mioreover. miuch embarrassed by a debt of nearly £e4,000. Doniations and subscriptions will be received by the following hankers :-mesrsm. Coktts and Co., 59, Strand; the London and Vestmninster Bank,1Bboornsbury Branch; Sir C. Scott and Co., Cavendlisxsutare; MNessrs. Smith, Pay-ne, and Co.,3, Lombard-street ;also by the T,easure. the Baron, de Gohudsmid, St. John's Lodge, Regent's-park : by the Members of the Comnmittee ; by the Clerk to the Committee, at tle Hospisl; and by the Collector. uer. C. Buck, 2, Napler Vias, Camberuvell.By order of the Committee, Juine 7, 1856. J. WV. GOODIFF. Clerk. ROYAL AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, Ciren-_ Patron-His Royal Highness Prince ALBERT. President of Council-EarlI B,'THURST. Principal-Rev. J. S. ISAYGARtTH, AiLA. PROFESSORS, &Cc The extSes~ionwil begn Agust11.Theannual fees for boarders var frm 5 to50guieas acoringto ge ndother circumstances The College cous'e of leotuire and practical instruction is complete in one twelveinouth, though a andger course is recommended. Prospecturpl and information can be had on application to the Princjt,al. izjIILL-H{ILL SCHOOL.-The FORTY-NINTIf ilv PUBLIC DAY is fixed for THIS DAY, June 18. W. E. LhA=XTEI, E:sq.,M.P'., has consented to preside. Thneproceedings will commence at 11 o'clock as usuaL By order of the Committee, ALGERNONT WELLS, Hon. Secretary. N AVIGATION SCHOOL, under the direction of 1 lthe BDard of Trade.-Separateclasses formastersandmatesin the merchanlt service at 6s. per wveek, and for seamen at 6d. per week, neect dLaily at the Sailors' lIome, Wells-strect, London Docks. Ap- lrrentices adnmitted free. AppUcation to be made at tho Sailors' tlme. T UCTON ENDOWED GRAMM03AR SCHOOL, L qu:te ill the country, two miles from a raUlway station. DNumber of boarders limited. Exhibitions of 50 guineas the year. For partica1ars asuply t.s the hlead Mlaster, Lucton School, near Lesominster. UIATH (GTROSVrENOR COLLEGE).-WAlNTED, _9 a IsEA&D MiATHlEMATICAL BiASTER. He must be a. 'Wrangler of Cambridge. unmarried, of high testimonlais, and strictly Protestant principlez. Particulars to gentlemen so qualifie will be fomsuardedby D. i;. Godfrey, D.D., Principal. J, 10 M.IATHEMIATICAL I N S TR U MENT T BMAK'I`;RS and others.-The Trustees of Blrs Ann Newton's Charity for Apprenticing a Boy belonging to the parish of St. James, wlestuinster, with a premium of £30, wvil meet at the Vestry-room, in the churchyard, Piccadily on Friday, the 27th day of June inst.. at 10 o'clock in the forenoon precisely, to receive APPLICATIONS for such APPRENT1CE from persons carring on the aborementioned or other hike mechailcal trades. Any further information required may be oh. tamred dily, between 10 and 4 o'locl, at the parochial office, Polandstreet, Oxford-street, wlhere the youth maybe seen. Every appUcant must attend the above Aleeting in person. aud bring a card containing his name, address, busines3, and two references as to character, &z. None but householdersivill be treated with. By order of the Trustees, GEORGE BUZZARD, Clerk. i.0 the BE,NEI VOLENT.-A young lady, daughter T oof a deccased officer, in ill-health. and whose only means of suppost is a firnished house, will be entirely destitute iu conseqiuence of an execution on her furniture for £0. Hf any lady or gentleman will ki,dlys ave her hon! (tt clhause be.ng let), sho cau pay therefrom £10 Seyr quarters n i hitcreatiuiitil the loan isdischarged, Goodreferences. -3d. F., care of M.r. Venaliles, pianoforte-maker, Lower-rd., Islington. QOCIETY for the PROPAGATION of the GOSPEL k7in FORIIION PARTS.-One Hundred and Fifty-fifth Annl,,r sary.-THLIS DAY (Wednesday). June1is.1856, the ANNIESRs&y MEIING Wil be held at Wl1l&is Rooms. Klng.street, St. James's. His Grafe the Archbibhop of CANTERBURY will take the chair at 3 The eltions l1l ~ o'Clock p.m. ThereslutonswiUbe ropeedandseconded by the Rih Hon. W. E. Gladstone, Ms!P,, the Hon. J. Hilyr aeo,the. RIsh of Colombo, and tbe Ven. Archideacon Grat Tickets usay be obtained at the Socletre office. 79, Pall-mall. and at 4. Royal Exch ange ge.H A HWK N S. Sec. OCIEF,T Yf or th e P RO0PA GAT ION o f t he GO00 SpE 1 in FOREIG'q PARTS.-To-morrowr, June 19th, 195~, the ANNUAL MEESTING (for the cit of lon.doo) wMl be held mn the Repia-al,Mansion-house, by te kind permission of the Right Rsn th odMayor. Mr. Alderman COPELAND, IL?., (for the Lord Mayor,) wil talco the c,hair at 2 o'clock p.m. Tickets to be obtained at the offioe of the Society, 79, Pall-m&all and at 4. Royal Exchanige. ERNEZST HAWKINS, Sec. 79. rall-mall, Juine 18 I. 1856.O A~R ERUSALBM DIOCESAN ISIi_R 4)FUND.-TheFOUIRTH ANNUAL MEETING will be helain St. 3fartt,'e-bal.31 on Friday, June 20. at 1 O'clodck. Theo Earl of 816AFTMESUIY in the chair. The following noblemen and gentlemen are exDected to attend :-Ths Earl of Harrowby, the Earl WaldL'Visoit idleon. he Aglicn Bihopin Jerusalem, the Ch epcs Fir. Chaurchamn,Rcar egss ) jQ1J hat n .Boe .C LanBeIaelaneq.; Rer-d 2ra 1eme Dacor coJ wU. Sommehn, e. iu.CinlMc uhsH ~OCIETY for IRISH CHURCH ISOSt the s ~~~ROM"N CATHOIS Chairreanof General Committee-The Marquisof BLANDFORID. AL.P Chairmanx of Executive Comirnittee-J. C. Coiquhoun, Iraq. Chairman of Finance Committee-Major-General Alexander. Treasurer-Hen. Arthur Kinnard and John LAabouchere, Eeqite Honorary Secretacica-The Rev. Alex. It. C. Dallas, MA.; the Ry Robert Bickierateth, ML.A Archbishop Cullen's APPEAL for Finds to Put down the bMissone. The attention of the Protestant Christians of England is called to the solemin appeal made by Archbishop Caulen, In his Pastoral, which wan read in all the Roman Catholic chapels in the diocese of Dabliu, on Sunday. 8th of June, 1856 He refers, in very istrong lanurage, to the prosely tism which is making such rapid progres in Ireland; and he enumerates 21 different societies, which he states are engaged in the work. At the head o!theolist heplaces the Irish Churchi Msions. and gives its income as a basis for calculating the fends of the whiole. After testifying concerning the operation of the aggresive systsm, Dr. Caulen publicly announces the steps taken to counteract its effect, aLnd concludes by astrong appeal for the supply of adequate funds, to commence with a general collection in all the chapels. Ills words are- "As in times of danger great and extraordInary p,recautions aLre neCessary, weC haVe appointed a geuerui xCcmitte.~ eeO-tiugof sli Ste parshprisi o th cty,th hadsofrelgiusorders, end smom other membrs f te clrgy towath ovr ad cockthe progress of proselytim. Lcalcommttee ha als bee esablihedto act in concert withthegenralcomitte. T enblethegenralcommittee to assist in te bildng f shoos inthemos ditreseddistricts, and to aid in carringon teseandothe por scool, ageneral collection will be mademallthe hurces nd capel of hisdiocese on the festival of SS. ete an Pal. onaion a~forthi chritblework will be receivdytheArchbishop, any of the parish priests of the city, or other mebr of the general committee. Several sums have already been recevd which will be duly actesowledged. The local committees Will solci and receive donations for their own respiective localities." The Society for Irish Church Missions is at this moment actually in want of the maeans of supporting its present Mfisions. The reotestanits of Great LBritain have supplied the meamns which haTe so far advanced the reformation in Ireland that all the energies of Rome sreearoused to crush it. Willthey at such ajuncture aUowthe vantage ground to be lost, ana leave the rlesionary work to languish for want oftbe fonda necesary to meettheoemergeney? Immediate centrihlutious will be necewary to enable the Committee to strengthen the Hiss!on thus successful and thus attacked. Annual subscriptions and donations to the Society for Irish Church MiEsions to the Roman Catholics wil be received at theaflice of the Socety Malbrouh-cambrs 49 Fal.mll; or by Messrs. Ratenso. andCo. 1,Pal-mli ast Mssr. Wllims eao,and Co., Birchin. ae omuiatosARE requested tSombe adriensed tof the Iearey Ge rgedMacwell RAEq. dearlboronneh- tambers,4. alm all, LEondon. Money-ordnaers Wintavuro this Soiewomty's fens aere fremesed to be. reangPepsy iarlestanMr.oCharles A Johbscn MrlbtoroC ugh-chamers,s49, sallmall bondonse, itoi boed drao found th T hrie nga-trcral Mrine,ybord ofice.snm, nteUivryo Cmrde MoArHone acon HAREdesin tocounHc a . permanetMMRA with his nam. With thiesoviwn ComittW.e harqbeen formdtoa. rang De preimiAriesU adtcoltsucRiv.Ptin. IGar sffcintsn shul be raised.its o pedofon asqTRiennia Loistorclri,beSing hisnjame,in the Unive rsit of Ca Bridge. fxfr The Halof. Barnulderron Ro erh.sV. Elliot Roy. Ji. S.c Cave nderson SReW. R. Fsruhatr, ab The Dukeo of Argichse Rev. F. 1.GSarden Ro. W. Colenwrid q. Rev. JL . Trenadl Si ejmnBoi,Br,The Bishop of Oxfordid' The Earlo of Burlaington92 E. PeurByn,aiEoi Req. TeHon. Ricar Cavendish 0 0 Rev. A.E1.PSumpiley 0 TRey Erlo J hcese 3. SThe Ddug. oAReq.1 0 Re. k The Bishop of Chichester Re. , . tale Rev. S.0.ClTrknc Roy. SirHenry Thompson, Bait. Rev. D.V.Coleridge 5 Rev. H. C. Davench 2 W. ergwel Dabysq. 1 0Rev. N.T.WAroldard, The itishop.of.StwaDavid's First evListSf Subscrptions ThBoc t aeds 10 100 Rev.'.A.P.Staney II 00 Sir W2a0ua,Br 0 0 Rev. SrW. Coayrmichael 0 Rev. S. Colarkdg 2, 0 0 TeBishop of Chichste 10 0 0 W.Po3aawl, Esq.. 10I 00DeanCoT.Aindord 2 00 Rev. Si GrdeH . Thopsn, ReV. C.bbA, Ewsqn 3 3 0 DaT.oihpfxod. 5 00RvJ.P.Thornton Eq 2 20 Rev. N. % Woodard d 100 Je. Spedd A. Soases 1 10 Thes Eaurl o Chcete 00 0Messr. Sir . W. C armihel, De. HeCoat idg 2s. 00 anSari. . 1. . 000 Coes,Srs. Walss-ton aneetpddn. e 50 I maderiny te.vaio 00 G.OR SIAT eRabSean REq.GES 00th United Maugdom at Vi' Room0 0 inMessrs.eJth W. ParkersuTus dayan Fiayh , theI. .an 00 o June.Don . .5pe 00Thrsa fro is requestead tha Fiall ubsritons1 to th aovelk objlet may be paid into the Harie Mfthefomatoial Fnd,"a Messrs. HUnies 8,FPalrqualsan Co.s.Bt.Jams'ss BEet.SO ITIN - h C RODUSwhiAhbeom EXHIBITIonth h of JaRynetICaybe mae e in PCthen varoutSeceay REOM TOerIeSt ancldesRteFuGeS of the daye-ro and Frdry,wthe rooh,and2th ofJne.spDoors, optendaonfThursda from12 tillhes, tuand ion Fida rome 10 thmos 2 'clock Tikt to beha atytheoffic of the Reomtr ndRfgnon,m 118, PCAll-mallS. (JIUBLICHEAMBERSATOSSOiATON RE-IIThe ROOndMSEwHAIChAecm VACANTonthe ith ofeb Joivenexthmaytb seenAenapplication toteSEcretary. Tharnt includes the uneAfth coGffee-roomead drawing Dprotm,ewtho neSpapers, attndAr,anc ofasrvans.oughe osituationll isne ofl net.he moteligblein Liondon. L Bymte tor3dert of theScol C om Artte, Wurooent RIHADS Shocin 15, Regent-street.otho June,ra, thi18ds6. IGwil behed b th DearMbento Scitenceo and wrbo passthMrl broqughHos ePalm,iteeaanto NOJulyNet ThCE OD exainaiostrare . liiedt stuent ( inithed) Schoosteof Art,ihitnarey oapentoallwhoD intim0sate,so orbfor X10Wtn Juy,holter to ire the Regpistrar, thei desire uhcptlto be exaine rea d produce satiginactshryspc ders pof rtherpa.cer of instagruet aond" cetfctswlJegantedn Thomall whEpssth Brkequisit texainton. NORMP. aing MChaleD REgs trar Plaxtn, CLimistoped.regseervsoal, Capt ..Ptez ital, £6000. i 6,000 shaert,Esqo1. Wihpwr hoiceaspherd caIta to £Esq0. 0 suh (ait ithbeofee towe the adginal shaireholders)roras PROVI ION LDRES TRS Bek leyotenon. FMI.srs.. Laring.s Charle,an Coq. Clxe,CristophMer,apt. Rile. PatterConW. la.R De,SMue cl, eserReq. RLyd tichardon, ano oreEs. Fod,Ro orpooReeq. Sh.epherdon, and G o. q G Addatrd, Le nariorse, Fuaq. Tr, ot.. ma,PJotheroesq. (iitr Wlthr Upowerd toqadd Co theirlnumbr). L-ndn Lodo-essrs.ar arnets Woaltre, and C. BrsolMsssfiles 9 GandiCo. wokot h atnceter-MepainSr ph. Loyd, outSwis th,an Co. eoTna su Linveseladfrpool-esr s.bma.riuwd Surones.anCo Auditors-James Jonshuat Cas lftvb, meq. ameo c cs proter g treq. h th ente o twoSecmbetary-anrd veaelte, wrleq ysempoe,la workouth thepatment o aptroainStepengiandeersmt, fodrwriecovering ownes, nd racica semen an th Diectrs ave great satisfa-timn se satig tht Cptai Smth'sremneraionforthe sale of his rightis rVHE HARROW FREEHOLD LAND TONTINE, .L-to be established under a Deed of Settlement to be enrolled in. the Rlich Court of Cnancery.-Capital £8i,00&, in 4,000 shares of £21 eath, payable by instalments. PROVISIONAL CONMMTTEE of MTANAGENMENT. Edward Samuel Alderson, REsq., 2, New-square, lincoln's-onn Vice-Admiral Sir Andrew Pellelt Green, K.O.H., 9, James-street, Buckingham-gate. Joseph Hienry Good, REsq., 21, Upper Hainilton-terrace, St. Joinss. wood Jasi er W. Johns, REsq , Iaurence Fountney-hiil, Cannon-street Willitam GhrimeEs Kell, Esq., 512, Westbourne-terrace, Hyde-park George Henrcy Smith, Esq_. EE.I.C.S., Cleveland-square, Hyde-park. Frederick- Halo Thomson, REsq., 4, Clarges-street, Pliccadilly EdmundI Whlite, REsq., 59. York-terrace. Regent's-park. Auditors-'William Turquand REsq. 13, Old Jewrry-chambers : Joseph Redford, Resq.. 22. 6Gocstr-road, Regent's-park. B3ankers-The L-ondon and Westminster Bank-. Architect-C. Octavius Parnell, REsq., 50, PA1-niall. Surveyors-alessrs. Chinnock and Galsworchy, IS, Regent-street. Solicitors-Messrs Pickering, ToDmpson, and Co.,4-, StOnc-bulklding, Lincoln's-inn. Secretary-Jo ha Bennet,Rq Temporary Offices, 35, Ludgato-ifll. Imme-diate Advantages withouit risk. The promoters of this Tontine have recured a valutable estate car. siotinig of 168 acres of very surerior freehold land, in the county of'Mi,-_ dlesex, forming part of the Headstone Domain. 11 miles from Londor, and contigitons to the Harrow station on the London and 'NorL_'WeEterni Rail way, with the view of building thereon vila resideni ,p of the yearly value of £60 each and upwards, fit for the recption of wealthy residents and respectable falmilies of moderate income, whereby it is estimated a return of £9D per cent, per annum will be se- Resdens wll e etited o te vlualePrivileges of Harrow Schol.whih i wihinan asywal oftheestate, and the London and ort-WesernRailay ompay oferto those persons who shal eecthoues f aproed levtio onthis estate, and of the th Hrrwsttin n Estn-qar frthocuirfor the time Vater in abunda,e ndo most exeeUent quality is ob'wsinablo within very few feet of the surface of the Land. The Shareholders wiU be entitled to share in the annual profits of the undertakling during the lives of their respective nominees, with the beneflts to be derived from survivorships when seven-eighths ;n number of the lives originaly nominated having fallen in, and ea h Shareholder wiU have a chauce (if he shatt think fit) of becoming an occupier, at a moderate rent, of a villa to be erected on the e3tate, and obtaining wvithout cost the possession of the free pass befor - mentioned, and likewise of enjoying the privileges of Hlarrowv School. Every Shareholder will be entitled to nominate one life, of any age, for each ehare subscribed fur by him, or ho may subscribe for several shares or, the same life;- and the Dhrectors lvsi be restratued by tbo Deed of Settlement frO; incurring liabilities beyond the amount of the funds for the timc being available for,the purposes or the Tontine, whereby the Shareholders will incur no risk beyond the amount of tie shares sub.-cribed for. pplications for shares may be directed to tho Secretary, or to toe Solictors of the ComDany, in thlc fonn hereto annexed, and must I e accompanied with a deposit of £1 for every share applied for, wh: h will be returned to the aDplicaut with respect to such shares as shad notbellffiottedto him; andshouldaU thesharesin the T-ntinc not e allotted the whole of such deposits wiiU be retomed without any dedua tioes whateoever. The residue of the sum payable on the respective sharcs shall be paid by monthly instalments of .i each, to be calculated from the date of the allotment thereof. - Arrangements have been made wvith mo3Strespectable and responsible insurance offlces to insure the iives of nominees at a moderate annu It premium. and which insurances may be effected at the offices of tCe Tontine, whereby_Shareholders may guard against tho possibiDty oh loss, whie they enjoy the chanco of gaining a large prolit upon tie r investment. Form of Application for Shares. Thc Harrow Freehold Land Tontine. Bepleasedo allot me shares, of £21 carb, in the abov-a-mntiocet Tontmc: and enclosed I send you a deposit of £1 per sha c thereon. And I undertake to accept sueb shares, or any less numb r that maybe allotted tome, and to acqua:nt you with the names a,d fuUl particular, of my nominee or rominees, upon receiving notice of such allotment.-Dated this day of ,1856. To the Provisional Committee of Management, Name in luU ................................ Address .................................... Occupation .... PoEt-ofSice orders and checks m ay be made pa,ayable to the Secrertr.y John Bennett, Esq.; an(d prospectuses, vwith plans, may be obtained, and the reports of the architect and surveyors may be iuspected, at tho Ccmpany's office. IGHT HOU S at theSNA-SIDkBBatHtOI RDRIKSLIGHT. Secretar. S0OUTH-EASTERN RAILWAY.-opening of the Stodad Madi&tone line.-The line of RAlILWAY from STROO)tot -MAIDSTONE will be OPENTED for TR&MFO. This Day (Wdesdlay), tbel8thof June. For pticflars oftrains and farea aec b il k . C . . EBORALL, Manager. T HE SEA-SIDE.-The CHEAP EXPRESS JLTRAINS of the SOUITH-EASTERN RAILWAY now make the attractive bathing places on tho Kent Coast peculiarly accessible.- Three Express Trains run daily (Sundsys excepted) between london and Ramasgate (for BroadMtaire), Margate, Canterbury, Stunry (far Herne Bay), Deal (for Walmer Castle). lat&2dclams lstclusonly. lst2.Xk3dclase. From London-bridge 12.30 p.m.2.30 P.M. 4.45 p.m. Froam argate .. IUD3a.m LIC p.m. 4 0 p.m. Fare. Single Ticketa. Day Tickets. 1st class. 2d IL dCSI I class. Iddass lach s. 2dc d~ cdlws. Up ..12.20j) lOs. 7s. 17 s. 6d. 12s. 6d. - Dopn .4.410. Up .-.4.01 iCe. 7. EL . 17s.Md 12..6d. Sa.6iL U .210J' ' - -2.. zis - - ~heda tikes re valale for the retumn journey on the day fol- loin that of theirpsse Th ,e.2.30 trn wilpromthe Otm between Mavgate and Loa- do intrehur.jnn W. EBORALL, Manager. London Terminus. Mray 26.1IM6. UNDAY EXCURSIONS to RAM1SGATE, MjNar- iZ gate. Cainterbury, Sturry. (for) Hereo-hay, Dover. Folkestone. Tonbridge-wells. Hastings. Dorking, (for) Box-haill'. ALsh (for Alderaholt Camp), GIraveseud and Strood.-SOUTH.E&STERN RAILWAY. Fares there and back:- Covered Becnd First Carriagea. Class.% Class. Dove, Flketon. Hatins, nd) Se Od. 7s. Od. lOs. Od. Tunbrldge-weils.ISs. Cd. Be. od. 7a. Cd. Dorkig(o o-il . - 28. Od. Is. Od. 43. Od. fArd audfl- 35. Od. 45. 0d. 55. Od. Beading. Blsackwate. anWolingharn Is. 6d. 43. 6d. Ss. 6d.. Gravewend (forTlby Fort and I I & 2. d , Soutbeud) ..I Strood (for Chatham, Rohse,adl 2a. Od. Sa. Od. 43.& Cd. Shbeernes) .. . . . i Leaving London-bridge Terminus for Ramsgate, Macgate, Can-a * ~bury. and Sturry, at 8.30 a.m. ; Dover. Folkestone. Tunbridge-wells, siTd Haitings, at 8.45 s.m. ; Gravesend and Strood at 9.0 a.m. : Dorking, for Box-hill. Goildford, Aldershott, lilackwater. Wokingham, and Reading, at 9.20 a.m. Retuseing smae dayf:rom. Margate at 7.15 P.=m. :R&Angate 7.25pm: Stu.y. 7.53 p.m.: Canterbury. 8.0 P.e1.: Dover. Irokeetoe.o s-d mt ia tugs. a-t 7.0 p.m. : Toubridge-wells, at 8.18 p.m.: Geavesend and- Strood. by any ordinary train; Rteading, at 7.0 p.m.; Wokinghani, 7.12 P.m. ; Blackwater. 7.25 p.m. Ash and Aldershott, 7.39 p.m. ; Guildford, 7.59 p.m.; Dorling, 8.18 p.m. No luggae will bo conveyed by the above train. Tickets available only for the day, and (with the eBxcelptionL of the return Gravesend and Strood. tickets), by the excursion train only. Chldren under 12 years of age half faces. The refreshment room at London-bridge Terminus is opened at 6 O'clock on Sunday morning. Time is allowred for refreshment at Redhill, Tunbridge, and Ashford Stations. Thoe rst hoat in connexion with the 8.45, 9.0, and 9.20 a m. trains leaves Battursea-bridge-pier, Chelsea, at 8a.Lm.. caullg at all intermodiate piers. TickEets for the above trainsmay be obtalnedasoyday during the week at the Company's oTfices, 40, Regent-circus, Piccadilly, and 147, Cheapaide. 0. W. EBORAL. Mlanager. London Terminus. June, 1856. NO,TILBURY anxd SOUTHEND EX- L TNIN RAILWAY.-SxPer Cent. Guarantceed Interest.- Noticinh herby given, that theTrALF-YEAR's INKRESTas above. on the consolidated stock- of this undertaking. which wil have accrued onl the 50th June instant, will be PAYABLE on the let July next, and that the transfer books for this stork will be closed from Monday. the 23d inst., to Mlonday. 30th inst.. both days inclusive, for tho purpose of preparing and issuing- the interet warrants. By order ot the Joint Commnittee of thLe Eastemn Counties and London and Blackwall Rallway Companies. JOHN F. IKENTNELT,. Secretary. Offices,BlackwallIRailway Terminus. Yenehurch-Btreet, June 16, 185. H AMPSTEAD) JUNCTION RAILW~AY.-To Contractosr.-The Directors of the Htam pstead Junction Railway Company are prepared to receive TENDERS for theCONSTRUC. TION of the RAILWAY from Kentish*town to Williesden. Parties desirous of tendering niay see the clrawipgs and obtain a statement of Compny. 4~ Geat eorg-stret. estmnstr. nad fe notbnday adrse oteSecretar y,satffnse, Station , 86 F.b sentnonYo befoe. G REAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.-EXOUI2L- N SION TICK~ETS for 28 days will be issned until 31st of October next, from London (King's-cross Station) toSOARBOROUGMTWhitby, Filey, Bridliegton or Hrrogato and BACK, at the following reduced fares with the option of returning so as to arrive at King'&cr-ow on any day not exceeding 28 days froma the date of issue:- int Class. Pd Class, London to Scarborough and Back. BIBs. Cd. 35s. Cd. ,, Whitby . 5'ls. D.L 35s. od. ,, iley .. Sl. Cd. 35R. Oa. Bridifugton. . .sO. Ils.M Od. Harrogate . - 43. Od. lIe 6d. Thegeot'lcbets are available by any train, and are net transferable, They wail not ho recognized for the return journey unIess theyhave been presented and stamped, on the day of return, at the railway hooking office at. either Scarboorough, Whitby, Filey, ]iridUlngtont, or Harrogate. Ethe case may be. Tickets for P'loy and Bridllngton are available either vil York or Milford Junction and Hull. Passengers going to or returning from Scarborogh or Wlatby awe at libertyjto break their journey by remaining one night at York, and Eaaron era going to or returning froma Piley or Bridlingtont by remain- g io neimht either at York or Hlull. Arragemnts an omadforan etenionof the time beyondthe 28 tional, and of 5 p ~ ~ 10 er cent. mr on the pieo h ktfrec Chidre uner hre yersof go ree an abvethree andunder 3.2 half fare. SEYMOU CLARKE~General Manager. T H GREAT NORTHERN AWA-Ta TDirectors are open to receive LOANS on MORtTGAGE, for three years only, at 4 per cent. per annum interest. Tho interest to be padhalf-yearly, in January and July, bj counons, at Messr. Smith. Pay'ne, and SmithWs, bankers, London. (Jfora of loans to ho addressed to- ~ J. B. MOWATT, Soc Sm,retary's office. King's.cross-station, London. Mlay 30, 1ISM. POUIRS in lIRELALND ina 1856 conimencisng Ist TJune. and terminating 30th Sepleber. Thepubic s espctfllyinormd tatarrangements have been agan eterd ito y te Cestr ad Hlyead Railway Company withtheprinipa RalwayComamesm Eglad, Sotlnd.and Ire. lan, ad iththeCiy o Duli Copan, y wichFist ndSecond Clas Irsh ourit Tckes" ill o isue atthe following stations and prices~~~~~~~~s ca. dCln London (Boston Station). Newcastle Durhani, Berwiclk.. . . . .. ; ;W1 4 5 Edinburgh Glasqgow, Mull, Bristol, Carl.isle Da 01 £- lington, §earborough. .6. .' . 6 C 5 6 0 Worceter, Cheltenhamo, Glocester, Oxford . 5 15 0 4 15 0 York- 5 10 0 i410 0 Birminughamn, Ruigby, Leamington, Coventry, Lin.. cloin . . . . . . . 0 Wolverhampton, IluddearEfeld, Leeds, Sheffield, 5C Derby ..500 a 45 0 Preston .. 410 0 315 0 Mlanchester. Warriogton, Stoke, MlacclesfLeld 4 4 0 3 10 0 Liverpool, Che,ater .40 0 35 5 0 These tickete (which in no cs r transaferabile) will be available for one month from the date of issue. They willenable the holders toro coed to Chester, thence to Banger. Hlolyhead, and D)ublin, from D.Urln to Cork, situate on the picturesque river Lee. and within 10 miles of the cel ebrated harhour. dockyard, and navel station of Quseestown (Cove) ; from Cork back, to AMallw, and thence by the KiUlarney Junction Railway to the far-famed lakes of Killarney. Th'e tourist can remain as long as convenlent to himself at Chester, Bankgor (for the inspection of the Britannia Tubular Bridge), Holyhead (the new Refuge and Ocean Steam Habour), Dublin, Cork, and Kiliarnay' the only condlition boing, that lila return to the sFtation in England or &cotland at which he took. his ticket musthbe not later than one month from the date of his departure therefrom. Chester, May 10. 1856. G 'IREAT ISOUTHERiN and WESTERN RAIL. WA 'V,Y.-Contract for Rape Oll.-The Directors of this Compeny are dlesirous of PURCHASING 60 tons best REFINED RAPE OIL, to ho delivered free of all chargecs, at the Company's stores, Iuchicore near Dublin. if from a party resident or having an agent in Dublin, otherwise on the Quays of Dublin. Deiveries to be made at such times and in such quantities (not less than two tons at a time as he Cmpan ma reqire,fromthedate of the contract unti th 1s da ofJul. 107. endrs,slaingthelowesqt terms, sub. jes to2~ ercen. fr Iroapt~ayent wll e rceieduntil the 25th of Jne nst, adresed o te cetay. achtender to ho endorsed ~~Rae Ol." nd ustho aromame by sapleof at least four Byorder, WVILLTAM TYO,Se Rinsgbridge Terinus. DubIn Juno 13, 1856. ARICA and TACNA RAILWAY.-The INATEREST during construction for the nailf-year. due the 30th of J une, will he PAYABLE at the banking-house of M6essr. fleywood, Kesnards, and Co.. on and after the 10th of Jiuly. Sharcholders must leave their scrip receipts for eudorsemient. E. PATERSON, Chairman. A RICA and TACNA RAILWAY.-The Directors _L3_beg to inform the, shareholders that the line is completed, and the), are ledI to expect that the Surveying Engineer appointed by the reruivian Govemmsent will make his report so that the line maybe delivered over to the Company by the contractor on thei3st of July next. In wlhich ease scrip shares to bearer willbhoforthwith issued. The Directors are happy to stain that the traffic of the railway is very encouraging, of wvhich fusrther particulars wil shortly ho publWised. It. PATERSON, Chairmani. ~OUEIE (EERL des CLIPPERS FRA.N- CAIS.-Notice is hereby given, that nio APPLICATION for SIlAIES in this Company wilt be received after Saturday. the 21st of June insEtant. GRAHLAX DE LINAREfS and Ce. 10. KCing WVillisrns.steet. U ONIJOIN GENERAL OMINIBUS COMPANNY.- L J Notice -Tr.o l,ianag-ers will be paepared: to isueDEFDINITIVE Si,lAith ELtTIri CATLES,i inexelia,ngefor theprovisonal certificates, on and afte-r th,e2Sillinst..,betwveen the hours oti.land 3.at theooffces of the Company, at Is. rue Vivienne. P'aris: or at 454. West Stinud, London. MACANAM ARA, F. CARTERET, WILLING, and Co. 451. Stranfl..June14. I81. I){IIT ATENT CA-N-DLE iCOMPANZY (Ij7mited).-Tlse Directors of this Company are prepared to receive TENDERS for LOANS to the amount of £14,000, on security of the Company's beuds, to replace bonids failing due. The total amount whit, the C,.uipany is empowered to borrow by its Act of Parliament is £100,000. as.d its capital is ;E750,0 .0 (of which upwards of £70011000 in paid up). Applications to be addressed to the secretary, at the Company's offices, 11. TlireadIneedle-street, Iandon. By Ordler of the Board, Lonon Jue 2. w. WA. HENRY WITHALIL, Secretary. r I IHE (GE;NhAL APOTHECARIES' COMPANY 3. (Limited). l stablshed for the purpose of esclringtotho Profession awnd the Public a Supply of UJnadulterated Drugs and Chymnica fls, - a n -d -' for th ie P a t io of P r escrip tio ns w ith Scien ti 'ic A ccuracy. T&he' I, nqMuyssitutedi bthMosofCommons duringthseio 1855t., by a Coamituee, has shownat the practice of adulteration and sophistication of medicines prevail to a most senous extent. Scieutiie chyntists stat<xt th,nt vwhen a physic an writes a prescription he is wholly uncerttin wletlier the medicine when prepared vilt contain the ingcsin~she urssestoadmniser,andproedthat when the public purchase drugs or esyunicaL directly, it is a mere chance whether they obtain the sabmlanc b they reeuire or sompe heaper and comparatively wrorthless suslrstitute. This was shovwntto ho irres3pective of the ch.aracter of the retail drnggi.ls. who are unable to ascertain the purity of their Mhistseals.dore-5itet, themselves ra mucaigotiemdcns Threpfre aiin mipid em.th mero chn t. tie manufacturer, and dreg grinader, nre c al ali to, deteriorate or aduliterate thei r ar ticles in sulch a manncr an: tosiy tli-teetins urneesbyopeose and difleculprocesseaof teinug or anlysisr, wsh:ch few are competent to lundertake. To ren:edy tSii gl eat social evil, a Company has been formed, siuder the directiobn f a lVo.rd of medical men, assisted by scientillr chy-~ mists, andI * e-ignahtt the tieneral Apothecaries' Company (litfted). t prelare an d si pply the profession and the public writh pure drugs snd chymnicatla. and te dlispenuse prescriplions. The plan of lhe Directors of tis Campany Is to purchase only the brat dreigs, anod to submbit themt h lss cuiy etn and anaih,.s-to exasdne by the aid of sCientlic ehmsis all chymicalsto m;ake extract, tinetures, and other fors of medicines in their own lab, rat'ries-to priud al powders in their own mills, under inspeetiou. Thry can, therefore, offer to the puilic every substancr employed as iedlicine. and a:l clymicals, in a state of purity, and precisely wshat they intend to purrchase, or as the physician or Surgeon prescribes, oun;cr its own properSname, and at moderate prices. The first esthsblissusent of the General Apothecarses' Company (limited), is noiv Open at 49, BerD cs-street, for the sale of every article ussisiy kcept by phranl:eceu tiral chynsists or apoihecaries. inJCludilsg inlvalifig food., ¶ile prepar..tisn of prescriptions is entrusted to d&yqualified a-ssistants, and the sereices of ascientific chyinist have been engaged to cenduct analyses and superintend aLl the processe3 in tue lab,oratories. Prescriptions trar,nitted through the post must be accompanied by a post-offiee (rder or a reference in town. Every variety of family melii cines. medicine cesls. implements, cniymicals, wholesale and retail. By order of the Board, JOHN JAMES RIDGE M.D. and J.P.. Chatirman. JOHN (IAIIDNER, I.D.. Managing Director. PDR'NTINGr UACHINLE.-A four-feeder PRINTJ ING MACHINE for SALE, made by Dryden, in good wortiag order, and adapted for a newspaper of the satue size as The Times. Application to bo made to Mr. Collins, 19, Church-row, Newington butts. aturay.2thJul. I56atl29dclockatisoon3, to receiTe tk e " of the Gilrant, with astatement of the accounts for the year I15, and to consBider the amount of dividend t-o be declared for the current year. Reenwarden, June 14,1836. the £25 shrsain tis udiertaednt, crated a eea mmao minster Ban. St. jam a-qae nor before thatdy BYoreoth Court of Directrs E..orE. Sec. BRITISH AUSTRALIAN GOLD MININx COAl- " PANY.-The Committee have received advdce of thearrival of themnachlinery at Adelaido dated March5,1856: also from G. Id. Stephen, Esq., F.G.S., datei March 10, JSid of ~which the following is an extract, yiz.:- fo.From the moment of my landingc I have baca gaining valua'ble infrmation from hosts of friends and new acquaintances, andl may sa in a rentence that everything I hear as to what is and what mnyhbe done at the gold fields is highly encouraging. Thte prospects of the Comipanyl Inrlitva tobe hopeful, if I can successfully surmoiunt the difficulties whichIfind in my path, and which Ihave commenced d.alin)g with." By ordler, HEZRY P. WARD, Secretary. L King's Armsa-yard. June 16, 1856 OREI VMYARDASSOCUTf10X.= pang, governed by seven Directors, and formed for the purpos of sup. PlApin privat-e f-Miles and establishaments wiith foreign wines and spirits, in large or smnall quantities, at really wholesale prices, tht in, from 25 tow Oper cent, under those of wine merchants. Ex.amples:-_ The fineat Chamipagne, at £6 IOS& the three-dozen case instead of £MO106Os; Clarets, finest Chateau Bhane Canitena oir Eanmss Afargaux, at £8 Sa, instead ofM£2 12e.;Sheris t 5. S..od144., In ~eof 36s, 4Ss.. and56:Prs aerto n h ietpl Fl HE ENGLISH FI-BRE an~d PAPER AIANU- LFACTURI~G C0OMPANYtILmited).-Capital £OO,O0O,in 10,000 zhareaof£loeach. Prelimninary paymnent£2perabare, TItUSTEES. Hon. Arthur Rinnaird. MLP J P- PleydeU Botxverle, raq. Chairman-EDW:ARd BALL, Req., M.LP. Cambridgeshilre. Banileers-Messrs Ransom.~ Bouvene. and CO 1I Pall-mali east; and lessrs Robarts. Curtis, and Co.. 15, t,ombardseet. Share Brolker-W. G. Taunton, Boq., 26. Birclin-lane. Solicitor-J. Crowdy, Baq.. 17, flerjeauts!-imu. ThisComany ropses to meet by new processe of manufacture of pper,andit he repaatin oftheraw ateialeorcmbindeth Fm'ILE LANDS IMPROVEMENT COMPN JL inc-orporated by Act oz Parliament, 1552-55 forEnldan Scotland, and further empowered by AmnendmentAc,155. To Landownersa, the Clergy, Solicitors Elitate Agents, Surveyr,&. Tenants for life, trustees, owners in fee, incumbents of lifig,bde corporate, lessees for lives renewable, or for a term of mor hn2 years, (and lessees for lives not renewable, or for a term loea than 25 years, with consent of thei lesr I e.)ae nbled, by way of loan lndfipoe, ywyo ret-hrgefor dadtrm025yar, ean caialadineet,tecoto rldever slanded imrvmet spcal of raiage iriatin,wrigebnigfmtesafomle, andwother building equrireafryaanpuos,adth poem or lakes in ~~~~~the HihadsadiladmfScta p egnsand macofi- cars,pies,waerouSe ede,sucs c TheAN DLiantedof build lag, seciicaion,adetiaptesare prepared by theD Sappicets owncl agens, ad ar su mitedtothe approv annofaethe Eclos;uae Cromms- Si ents CNIEL muulybnfcial,sc a.RS Palcommoautal, roadon (Charmn) rdTheiroras wish Citnton,be0 undesTooadthat te, Comdpanyiko sJoctl commer,s. cial , chaacer, andqtat thea destailsftherpasado the A G e Fcuio Jofctelwor, Dnarentitrerdwtkythm uc contrlled byMctheilandone and. AubyterlEnclosureetn Commissoneers, Borfuth rifrmaTion anC frorrmmsaBn of apLiation.apyt h Honamebas RTal apnier, Managing Mdiretor, ,OdinPalace-tyaird,Wet minster. ~ ~ 'Wstaistr THE BRITISH g steet WsLA tCmPAnYsLter d) P each, £2 Deposit. TetRUSromtheEre.. Hall, Horusey ~ ~ ~ us Thoasrionkwotemtsa., Sueorlssex-plce. uC anenbury ae o m Shir -wOst maCteial , taC.u, bt Sn, prall-mall rondong (Cairman)fo Lord Thomras ineodutin,Cunton, 10, Colevlnd-square, pa de-psofark m John Fowier, (whqch Cthe ueean-quavereemace, Wesminstraer htdm cilliasofmaMcCormic,a. hortheiombnierla ndstreet,lan hark-cesent,er Ebardillg Purower, EsuP7. ington-Place,o cearave-tsqwae. o o lmn tH eeblnvankri-Tegae emabercitsalsBan capf Londf ben-gon Soq,licios-Messqrs.CUlareetalto, and Cre.3 an non-streret,yonon, Jamet! al Mawhchumi erat,p26,ewiddleaeGardinmestedetmatnd. Manh-cor aT nager-h mieso l.Charles May, Ea1,CE .R.S., 3 ra eresre buerinetd the hn Henchman,daq eofgiceengafis of the Compan)y2.Gra ThisnComeiasy hav foredford wthe utheimtownr of the mlat, ormsortant wAc ispodufcedtion hsmbeltnern andi othearragmentarm ithe ore. Sminh sla ispendowrasermanedationb caponable,tabyproero treatment,ypof htmg formed yaceintoatilsoftgeatevalue, bthefo ptreande afornsamnt The quentitygo the materialgmnsunlimted asere aboutthreDietons hareeprduce toeveriy tonpoflirotmadespand at rsn activ itesafortectreysthrown to( Varouspattempts,amore or lhessmpy oruccesfl haerebeen mad to tur mthinwat matoerialtong accunt; buat lno prat calufprogressws madue for inv'eneriitoution, until thmt e workinage Of the paitents ofpDr.ien.e .%ithg owic the Comufanyre have shecured), demoguited that Directo atis toftopt manfacue,xhtherdngtohonsidredisuperacobleghadbenLsOlver.t come.i Wh'ensrniteaslao raeta hp,i i dpe o Tiles,r esemsn ariegsatedable:rit isanwalsocapaben tof being h goroun pandundershed proratec-tieces, tabe Lmtoed andlian Aninte. aieyo ThepDircatiors fo havesegae the aderviesse toth Mer.etary orMay,elto Civi egmneer,whterote firm of )rcnsoctusandfuMlay,tIpawi,ftbe inperntio,sendmeso the omrilandengineering affairs inofmatheiompany.th Sev0enrtalgpatedntsexstso a dpsimia ob;ect tor thatei prvofusr. made antb aranebmlents havte beenmpade wbith thepowner tofba dt the cost ediot of whereyi substitutio of th1 ersaepDaymbeno aftxed sulomen,ba audwilee torepend forth rveuntofon upponacetaion sharbeinofsthedyearl profitnd, afterther Sharl ehnoldersthavedivideg1 peroocent,hpo thevipanoid-ut capita. yted)Poingtonthese terms,thred.patenteeaffrd an0 eane1,DO phroofoffh cIOnfienc.ephosientPertaishathe suces ofphiscivetion. dl1s rendg aothaentarrangement1s.bpereBbaredto The libiiretyors thae bhaeer necdersisariytmedietost muspnd all athive staeps.frcryn u h comipleitefrmainuftherEq,lt Cjompanylrh Serection of worksn. ionvnin Griving rth,emA thessadvantaghfr Smiths s expeiene.) carryin Gonrth madnufacture handai o therse wiietllud thek Direcora- rationg. iess ThemaLnecsarysteps q hIave be mes anchilertaend to.br)n themCor. Applicationsefrt shaesdto beaddressedato theSercretayo. oiio ofteCmany,were form ofnprohecu Band oful paricuaroofth inenin, secsimns of the mateOriaendther ianf ormoation.a oh roc.Eeq Sprneding ietrof the CopnGmybrotiedabtInodppicateionsula th ankersy cofmhp omayahineoitty).cridotecrdto the cintletor of esper shar payabl afteirs 1Callotm nt, adwillg b furtherscllwil esmade without givin threell monThs prdeviousntice. f esULsm .adOR. WILLS, 0 COld PrAdYs Ceelt n The Hultsdrf MiRs w registerhed.sm Ceapitbalc£1000r,hi pur.0 pshaes of £10trach.ngDeposi fro pher shpeare onrapricatod aendeli ofthe cooanualtet, making are lsti perinshare. Temploydiabltyo thes Shorarnholdesfiscturie. Tohey amosiunteo athi shares. teisan f eo onPhilipanstmfthercanaql,late CoonialmecrstetIary of Ceylon. wtL CaohnyGRiffiheriTh,Erou. (hess la aith,r iswands, carand iom h il Harr Geore Gmomrdous exportChairm,ando bythe Orintal BankCoe vrpor-h tiommn.cto xed otwr hog h ietcantpo ThomadstLancaste, and (into tho rs Lacaterio othisand C., Bombay. tem Bevssan pnankesine LofnpadsoffTh r Bankesoffrondon. lad,o Bwc anker ien ertedymanuf-thurientabuldBanks aodporestirgn a extnt, and(uertnm Drco of the Gotcneieta d rabea Iondtcian Pen einsl Broksea.m eniesrsanduggiss and otowerstale, 1. brcneedlehastreetn se essrs.w "gand and H. Wiplesonpp, ld Boad-el sotrenet. ro tractof 70a Tempof raryhofldpeat, andgastiand,rurhaars.th TheHutdr mills were pucaedi1Stablishedpsmeuyearsobacetorsthe purpor of exracth,Wingthmll fromate nai Copils-onr driedn tkernelo the.i oe itoa-ut,ane and theyearfstilldriniallyiemPreyed inrthishimportant onthkebnk ofutheyMr Davwich cilonnet dthedLk of Coember with ther ofan Rivser Through av theni lraethere useatertcarriage from the mill To hey Cusepovdtom-oue vexportfwharf, and bytecanoial,andothreriverth selpnsvessandupngansteo upwardsciof fou acryes oc freeholda lo3and, o whtuich av beneetdmauatrnouidnsadstrso.ra Th eygetextent,n of thlmstcnveiniCentland,ual whconhstructin. powner.b furosteam ngns and preives,t coa-ndute sutable mactinery,e thae beenst sfa eatu rom ingleasnd, andaniamcleuppl of foo-uel ois fobtainefo ared taract of77 acfrdesbofhfrEeholdapes and ograss land,iurhaedinth The Hmlti were pMurc haseding15b atereparieet propherawinetrsa,thesss JchG.pestful,WilamdWalltahieyace,tudav uWlton-whoontaeokingthd over ixtntrdued avt nrewan dvantDwerfLhytronlycp foriorkwich u a naten The haerportoovedxoieveyefetivgupsfopera,uandcoomal, otrmquiringth expe nsiverbagiganprdinnglDa inr aseO large yiOelofo, allddtalo.mau fnacturincos t.-tepicplnauatr fccantoLtepo hevr grea buiessatthentmofland inraCeeyln,twic haveaso been plntdeb Europheansiand natives withncocoa-ntvres,b musthinvolve the anefcsty; ofandyearly increasinkantfo l.andthtanfatre of comantol u hcha-nreao The weladv ills,f having wae-arromtiiage fir theraw matferisal,thes chepes or eelor,an pat ojgbentmachineyednact thuteo thels wonk couldb be.etended with gra advantage. ntoi o okn pamc grelatradgertanoannual icrasetof plrodyqucredabovetalluded to.i artion ofppoffuiteeafordexport itsa advantageous endtrapidly extendin bracthe pofpbuinetossatthe mills.to Arrangement-sthavekalompanymadet forithedlawingtof timorer and secuvestby machinery,wothenmanufacule adevealopmnt, ofthcuaskefrtaki,and bythe imanouacture of cothrca-nutaol sitoap.th inovweavngtoporeair, inthreourmatting, fome% ondicoffe sates andtforhexporjet,a long biew,tepeentcariedonpatethormls, andpops mgtobe- then alarge anounst on capta aldreakiygraeqie for thkedbusLiness,ond imthed sliabilty inv agrederto waecoere thececonoical workn thCmandyful its actuanl cost on the 10th June 1556, retainin the arofita s 7o tha dateS. it is provose haetc:tpn h dmdtethso b en of Mlr. W'ilson, as managing director, for the management of the works in Ceylon: and of the conuexions and experience of the firms in London and Colombo w hicb have hitherto taken charge of the mercantile business of the establishment. The accounts to the SO:h Juine, 185, liave been examined and certified by Mlr. Colenuan, the eminent accountaut, whose report has been pionted for distribution wills the prospectus. Ris report concludes wvith the followving estimate of probable reanits- I I am unable to give any opinion as towhat benefits the extension of operations roay yield. but I think that, even taking the business of the hist twlo years as s standard. the ndertaking well retu.-n upwards of 11 per cent, on a capital of £ 0,00u The sansof £6. 0.)(OO.here meatiourdby lr.Colersan,isconsidered sefilicient for all .re open,t,ons of the Com)any as hithert 3conducted, or to be conducted with the,present plant; but it is desirable to provide for more extended oprations. and for this purpose tbe ca,ital is fixe i at once, at the sionof Xi00, 000. In the firt event the sharess ill not be called up beyond £X6 ier share, making £00,C0O. But if the contemnplated extension of the svorks and busines of the Company should be deemed expedient, the remnaining £4 per share rnay then be caled up by tlo instalments of £2 per share. at intervals of not less thanuthrea mornths, with amuple rotice thereof to the shareholders. Shares to the amonnt of £i0,ooo have been taken by the promoters of the Compasiy. Applications for the remainder of the Ehares (subject to a moderate referee for Ceylon and Itdla) may be sent, up to the 25th ios,_ to the brokers, Mestrs. B"ggims and ltowseD, 1, Threadneedle-street; or Messrs. A. and R. Vil-on, S0, Old Broad street ; or to the CompaDy'b temporary oillces, at No. S, Austinfriars, irthe aunexed form; but no alplication will1be considered,limn'es a depositoft £1 on eachshare a plied furis previously made with the Bank of London, the London bankers of the Company. This deposit will be returned if the application is riot acceded to. If an allotmhent is made tho deposit paid on .epplicatiun ,ill hbe applied towards the deposit of ;2 10s. pershare on the shares allotted. ?orm of APPication for Shares, To the Directors of the IIult,dorf Mills Companiy, Ceylon (Limited). Geatletnen.-l&aving l3id to the Rank of London £ , being £1 per share on shares in the aborv Company, I request yon to allot to me that number of shares, and agree to accept tbh same or any less number. to pay the remaining £1 lOs. per share deposit oithe ,shares allotted- and to execute the Subscriber' Agreement; and on default I agree to forfeit the deposit now paid, and authorize yoe to cancel the allotment, catcl te alutmnt.Name ...................................... Profession or business ...................... Address .................................... Date ....................................... T~HE CIY BANKhereby, give notice that t'h ,Lum.sftebeuwilb. conucted at their MEW pig MI 7Si.Tradnedl-teet(orner of Yfnchi-la.e). instead of at.- their m=en eporary offices iRIoyal Mxchange-buiildinga, On, suet 36fter ~~~~~A. J. WHITEn angr Corrspodent oftheBankin the citee,aon bthme olinc applira EGLAND) BAN. MePSITs ThNK, Greiensted Co.e, Teice-steeets uity. tRnDeDgt upnole theepacze by m reoe. HEYOd, Khlc aye adde and o., o.4,Lomard-staret itheraent zfthB-.Teyaou adertakre tongtatebill and dno =to tak raqdble erosoaensie an su= curen froma 0tteDs.mal ibi he mnh.orb n Sydne. tEDtinAea.D W.EEALH. MELuarer. DEPNOSI BANK. ofceLOr4DONe--LIRCatsUIXRe to frNo tmes to time.1 and beardinterest otf£ her cet.pr annuman Deo CosfREtIT, threyao mac eat allte prniallocdt3or n owre,pe ofanonadum.ch U MCULA BNKT of LOI ecb Olaat.rryImCU t NOTES (alue £0 and pwards free ficharesforO tmofd cand Eegeut.sreet Brach, .&rgll-ptsce Couh asing-acrss14 Hignh, 4,oPlbol-ml TAempl-a Branc h2007 HI-eeret,shitehet. Temple-barErauch. E217, Manager CankrCUARya t brnOTeSi nof-11 each, paaber aet eeyIm plac iuneEurope.ThesDienotes aerebygiued without charge an DtheN-Dx tepaibd-ubrock fe of comissin h Bank, n also alBoues,f of XIonchargeD baettr ofd credi on eall the pbrincipa cites PAnD town ine Europre,or Thn TLestters ofhcedi5t dareye on Jly aetth band othe, fooinghbsys. atthe hecuad oftceea ofte obt.aone M2 the Broad-street, sLondtLby oretweao ofthe bors f1anches. y; tteofie fte aki abn Dk Liertinsker Branch, Lnodry, Slt. o Wexfossqurd,Be. aerod GaltwayArk Banch. AthWloinetoleraireo, Borouygainh. z-lo Eatern, Brianchll17, HIgh-stran, Banbidgeliapel n, asnso~ DRV NCIA BAINkoIPEM nAND,LodoG. 8t ,Jno 85.tome Drsectrsereby gieRotcl tharteaDIrD. foUteAlfOyeArIendIngcoidsummer net Roat thearaterof pher centoeon thpaid-upS. co hsak n loaBnso 1o ah£0 Turesdynth AouthdayeofJuly net,o randthe of2prollowin days,wat the the miniurmofmondt4daly; bat tefces ofe the baanoi Dublinot Cork, Lierick, a Canymtim Lodurnd terrha lfo-yeafrdIpe Belfnt, wh Wthero balance Armblowgh, Athloneta oleraiue ileanyhBalflear Traing ,t (aa,OURgISTnS non and ndon,ELEnnS, aoyhnnn th trCOaTeCirungar-noe, MaudBllow. oftExhal,Klnge, witibbcarean reen,ofnicort monfceo thabe Bank o Scthcland, Edinburgh. oniun o urp Nomtransfgerofec stouritunyb made tbetee fHth dy of Junefat egoiaonst Band teba 15t day Cofe Julysnext, as e.therboos ustbeededdon that period.RGE THOMB AS GeWpal, Swec. AONLIEWPRdNCIPRE i ASUAN CE NG. ItrsoCustomers in Aldropoain toA PROfTHEEonLiaiiyo Custowerssred by Royal Ch,t- artert. TrTNITEDJINTSEROCK aUTUd GEBEALIN I.ASUAC.adGAR)F ASSOCIATION, noprtdb oylCatr he 20,Cock, Covenry-street, Chaingeters-Eequry esCaiptitalii of0 business cobeind "Goernr-J 3 MEHI,Es.. ineeHaY. N.eLOedNG, ESer,try LERGY MTEALRAS o USANCSS,SOIT Curn Annoual GenueraMeetiattheorate of 2hereb cien,t,hatlowedo themnUIAum monthAly balancG ohe the ebalnerhs nfti- oity been b elow£0 at anytofime durin the hral-yctary; Wertcenste, whn Thers btane ausibelo ae.Accounts mfth ade -sear. andaPfPyrinding 30thrsfo of Juead GlENfERALmLIEr. dFIEASUAC perso-na esdng:eitherinshedono the7 cinountry.bThe interet-ren Pat1prlicent.2,nue thei lmratreof,disountdttho ann f nla Byn fo 0 trdes 1GEORG CdAancedROn Genernal Meuivandager Circular ofe an Bills pofiy Exchlang e.ayitltchre end fhree ofar comalmission pybeins allhteechie toss-us on the E contientao Erop GISORGE CHAME AMS, SeeralcManagr. DeputyChairan-Th Hon.2.0. ESIthe 2t ,t Every dscripton of ife an fire asurancitnanrotfits SDECRACYE, SMants'r. TTITVEJ)SEVIEanGN~E LIFEOFIE49StJaes spu-street, Loarngclon.-Evarin dhelscitio of buss teinessy conectt wihathe contnglencie ofhuan li-sxtfe thpraniusarcteivedGuarate grantedic on terms peculiarly favurable to the,eanloyed ItY.N.LONG,Secretary. ATIORAYLMUTUIANC ASSSURCEASCIETYMAnua GenY1oeraldFretigng.Officeas herldebry,givn,dtatth This'A GEmpnERA cmpeIe1G ofsthem Membrers ofnthi Soiet wiuaLl L Thel Tatte ossurace,3 BearroadeSntfrfctuary,W stminster, on thors dayte od dayl oflJuly. at 2 ho'clocd pbrecsey.fu aThein puroase tof relcyhodr.uingthauie accountiso h lan t year.mensand taponsating oiersefy 2.The yearult en Tmekfonsin,rIinH g usO, p.ayal,i Sheorentay ofdCthoccPrrngYro esablishedta1aus7. Etowyaersdh spcald mAcfr ralvratey and thnepatayvellts ofd arpolegartoantee byoa peiLtaln of Loan frm £00 o £,00 aevaned n prsonalbseurityandth stituted in the yearrot 1ontthe831.c Assuancs ar grntedupo thelivs o pe ua inoeery an nthe~~ heretofore have been deemedpractocarae J[ANIBDA-UI-AUNDE COITNS-RNC ILtoFFIC-Le, L 1,o Esabl New Brdesret824lfir. odn etbihe 6 tobPerteidentoparticiptionin prOftiN'ThKOe,yeart16 Jameeas' stoandingE3. Byue ourder.Eq Georg IL BrneMEsq. amesRICe,Esq.RA,Sceay SiVEE IG.Butn, aiFE JoFF-ICg, 49StJaies have Rbeen lapess thanrn-ith of " thLrmumasrcie, aEacq wic Beis-rbal witoutn prceen. i the epeicasterofany oEhrsffce Thfe Diurector have, gafter makndalwncsfr allxtnsv vretypensers, accmu lhatdn large surlus,Y inthodepeanden mofstrspecaid-u andinvsedcpia of £45 000 ~ ~ ~ ~ ercnt.ofte elae H . AV NPOTa, Secretum. PAXY, Hme andForeig. Ofthe,3, OldJesavy,- Lronedon .TexLife Auranceatet for effectingeassurancesuonpe. l-iveso allclassesbut at homne and abroad, advancingeloans ter pol. dheswripiodo businaesst wich the ie protsincipespetof lf aslsuranc aorecap 2. Teal Casualty Deprtment,e forlinsrnc usyaal.n h vn reailwyend gr-eneral travllefrs,ianed.a ponportionateionseatin nnfTal rcases. fo-r pherol minury preceived durin atravlibyses orlan readyfriedtworkig atsth wntced in everyandtowt theaicistroughout teuie FRANgdo,St whomSTheUSa ENcmmissio Aictualloed and on rthey death Tof n (saccreitledb reprenttier or this CMpanesy, halfrge cjom- Se,Frosecse, Lforms,i -Annditever inforstioyawllb forwarded LondrnBrncht THOMAS AL2REDPOTT,lManager Perfect lSeuiy caita"l, Eq £1,00,00serln. FEORGrEAARANE COMPLANY, Esiarthub-omer-ne ondon EStbishe J1824. IA LBBC.Brt.DnuvG Henry Bainbridge. Esq. C are John MNanning. l2sq. EdIMund S. P. Calvesrt, Esq. Stun, John T. Lesle Melville. John Garrett Cattley. Esq. Henry Nelson. Esq. Ale-xander Colvin, Esq. Edwa~rd Hlowley Palmer. Esq. Edward Maxwell Daniell, Faq. Sir John Henry rely, Dart. 'William Davidson, Esq. Alexander P. Prevost. Esql. Alexand(er Dnice. Det. Abrabam Geo. Itobarta, Faq. Riversdale WVilliam (.ronfell. Fasq. Charles Rtobinson. esq. Robert Amadeus lIeath. Esq. Wiilliam Sultan, Esq. 'William Tetlow Bibbrt., Esq. Thomias Tooke, Esq. James Stewiart Ilolg-son. Esq. Willam Wallace. Esq. Lancetot Ho, landl. Esq. Charles Baring Young, Esq. MWeseica Referee-Sam~uel Sully Esqt. F.R.S. iNotlee.-Thie usnal 15 dlays aliuss-d fo,r paymenut of fire premaiums falling due atMIidsumnner w~ill expuireon the 9tlh July. Fire and life asnsurnces may be effeccted writh this Corporation OnL Thefolowig tbl shws he arg bnuss dclaeduP to the list Decmbe. 155.on ritshpariciatig plices,of14 years' standing, Ao Addition Further Per Cenlt. Per Cent. whn ade in Addition Total per Annsun on the in Addition, on the Sam~ Premium Assured. 1848. 1855 Assured, paid. 20 102 112 I 214 LI3 .50. 35 106 1.15 I 211 1.58 54, 40 113 31261 2;34 1.67 10.5 45 121 1.25 249 1.78 48.2 50 1131 140 I 275 tL9l 43.0 55 1140 154 03 2G 39.9 C0 1V, 174 i 34 2.43 37.2 EquivaLlent reductions h ave been m ade in the premiums payable by those persons who preferred that form of bonlus. The fuiture dtiv-isions of profit will take plac every five years. Any sum not exceeding £15,000 may be insured on one life.- Libralpariciaton n pofis,wit exmptonfrom the liabilities A rae o bon, eual o te uvragrctunsof mutual societies, withL The dvanagesof mdernpracice,withthe security of an office whoe rsouceshav ben tste bythoexprieceof nealy a conutury soda half~JOHN A. HIGHA2l, Actuary andI Secretary. Royal Elxchange, London,
THE BRITISH ARMY. (FrRo3 OUR SPECLu COP.RBESPODENT.) [The following appeared in our second-edition of yesterdaY:-1 CAMP BEFORE SEBASTOPOL, Ju}: 3. Notwitfhstanding the increasing temperature, the army continues healthy. There have been two cases of Asiatic cholera, which have created a marked sensation, but the disease has as yet shown no signs of an epidemic character. Every forenoon, just as one is beginning to work himself into a fever in expectation and fear of "a broiling hot day," up springs a strongbreeze, which lasts for several hours, and cools us down wonderfuRy. Dust storms and small whirlwinds sometimes favour us, and tiny spiracles of bits of paper, chips of wood, feathers, and light rubbish play about the plateau, fantastically careering here and there, tiU they are quite exhausted, when they maliciously precipitate their cargo at the door of a hut or in " the centre of a fellow's garden." The taste for gardening is, I am glad to say, well developed, and it is all the more graceful and laudable that it is indulged in under the most disadvantageous circumstances. . MIost seeds have a decided cryptic character here, and. refuse to come up and look at the sum. If they do, there are the rats, the cats, the dogs, and the fowl at them night and day-besides flies and ants, and creepers of infinite variety of shape, and a multiplicityof legs, claws, teeth, andnippers. TlheFrench have been more successful than ourselves; perhaps they had better ground, and paid more attention to watering. Their little gardens by the Tchernaya are quite green, ours are generally of a fine Vandyke brown. Bilitary horticulture is of an eminently culinary character. None of your fuchsias or camnellias,or prettyplants and flowers with ugly names, but strong-smelling, vigorous potherbs-they are the desiderata. An acre of mignionette is not worth a square yard of " spring onions"-miles of glowing orchids would not be compared for a moment with a few lettuces, or even a good bed of dandelions, of which the French have taught us to make a pungent and excellent salad. The longing for " green meat" is but imperfectly satisfied, notwithstanding thenumberof coasterswhich come intoBalaklava,andnotably into Kamiesch, laden with vegetables. When a man asks you to dinner, his lure is not fish or game, or even a turkey, or a bustard from Sinope, but " a jolly salad." Nothing can be more picturesque than. the flotilla of these native boats, with cargoes of fresh vegetables and eggs, at anchor in our bays-their strange forms, the high prow, quaintly carved sides, cuTrved gunwales, and towvering triangular stern, which evidently took its origin in times before men learned the art of bending timber, the slender masts, and long spars; but for the latter Xerxes might have led such a fleet past Athos. In this warm weather the mainyard is lowered away lengthwvise fore and aft, and a sail is throwvn over it, and in the shade thus formed the reis and the crew, much-beturbaned, gaily dressed, varicoloured, sit, smoke, and look at each other with great gravity, being only afraid, if one is to judge by their looks, of the arrival of customers. Far different are the Maltese-all life, energy, vociferation, cunning. There they are; their bags on their shoildders-(Who ever saw a 3Ialtese without that bag ?-No one in the memory of man)-buying bottles, picking up bullets, investigating dirt heaps, selling oranges, carrying on illicit commerce in strong drinks, pursuLed by Provost-IMaishals, cheated and cheating, beciffed and bekicked all over the camp from river to sea ;-in the harbours, on the high roads, in the byways, in the Russiar camps at Bakshiserai and Simpheropol, as traders, canteenmen, ferrymen, porters, there .re the llaltese, swarming as though the island had migrated CmL masse to the Crimea. Our painters have lost opportunities they never can again enjoy, and the British artist has certainly showin but little "pluck" this war. One or two gentlemen have come out as correspondents and artists for the illustrated journals; but, as a general rule, the remark I have made as to the want of enterprise among the painters is more than justified. The French have taken care to perpetuate as far as possible the glories and the scenes of the campaign by engaging painters of eminence to execute historical pictures for the nation, in which the English will be represented as one melo-dramatic Highlander helped out of action by a Zouave; but, of course, we are such an eminently practical and economical people we could not afford such luxuries, and after sonie time we shall be content, perhaps, with a portfolio fuill of watercolour sketches, which may be found, after energetic researches, in some quaint corner of the British MIuseum. WVhat the public will not possess may be obtained, however, by private individuals. MIr. Robertson, the superintendent of the Imperial Mint at Constantinople, has sent up an intelligent photographer to the Crimea, and he is now engaged in fixing, as far as possible, every remarkable spot upon paper. His works are already known and admired for their precision and clearness, as 'well as for their command of distant dletails, and they far exceed in interest those of any of the photographers who have visited the Crimea, so far as the actlal aspect of the country, of the batteries, of the ruined city, and of the scenery is concerned. There is, however, one thing in the Crimea which must defy the efforts of the best mechanic or artist of this sort in the present state of the art, and that is, the everchanging atmosphere, the ever-varying " colour" which lends its greatest charm to the singular scenery of this beautiful country. One of our sunsets alone is worth a long pilgrimage to see, and the play of light and shade on the mountain ranges, the endlessly shifting and recurring effects which one may watch for day after day, and yet behold Nith new emotions, are more capricious, sudden, and powerful than any which have ever been attempted even on our maddest canvasses. It will be a long day before our painters get another chance of studying in this new field. The sentries even now will not permit any one to sketch the northern forts. If one is to judge by what one hears, Sebastopol will be erected, not perhaps into an arsenal 7nrar iirnc uubiliaire, but into the centre of a series of most formidable fortresses. The greatest abuse is lavished on Prince Woronzoff by some Russians for neglecting the fornation of a military road between Sebastopol and the south of Russia. That defect w-ill be speedlily remedied. The allied fleet must soon leave the Black Sea, and it will be strange indeed if the Russians do not manage to keep strangers, whether in Turkish menof-war or niot, out of the roads of Sebastopol for the next tvo years. The intelligence that the 11 ships of war are coming out-some, indeed, have actually arrivedto convey part of the army to England, was received with a sensible pleasure, and gives us hope of escaping the heat of the mqiddle August. If it coutld have been at aU manaaged, the embarcation and transport of this army in large masses would have produced a greater effect in many high places than might be imagined. England has, as it were, dribbled out her strength and her resources as apothecarie3 pour out strong potions-drop by drop. lt wouild have been a grand and significant sigght-a greater proof of power and might than even the Spithead review-to behold Great Britain collecting her army and sailing off with it in two or three great armadas. But we have lost the op. portunity now-if ever we could have grasped it. Except the actual movements of regiments andthe departure of portions of the army for home, there is littleto say. So far as I lnow, Lord Gough hasnot yet arrived in the Crimea, and the investiture can- not take place for some days. In anticipation of it our bands are rehearsing all together " God Save the Queen" and " Partant pour la Syrie." A shed, to be clothed with the national flag3, has been erected close to head-quarters. May one inquire why the ceremony has been delayed so long ? If the Generals to be invested deserve the honour, it did not require nine long months to ascertain the fact. Where is General della Ma;rmora ? As to the French Legion of Honour ! Franee is not to blame. It would be curious to ascertain what Lord Gough thinks of the Russian position, and it is to be hoped he will examine it thoroughly. Perhaps the Government may learn privately what are his Lordship's notions respecting the impregnability of the heights from the sea to Simpheropol. Often during the siege, when discontent ran high and men grumbled, "they knew not 'why," at the conduct of our commanders,old Indians might be heard sighing for " Old Gough-he'd soon have a go in at the - place, and be done with it." It seemed indeed to be thought that his Lordship would not be content with a tolerably safe position during the assault, and that it was not improbable he would issue out of the advanced trenches and lead the attack on the Redan himself, if he held the post of Commander-inChief, and saw that matters were going badly. Let no one suppose that, by referring' to the course of proceeding which it is thought likely his Lordship would adopt, it is my desire bo praise or to disparage by implied comparison our Generals who adopted a different course. Lord Raglan was under a sharp fire enough on the 18th of June, and if General Simpson was in the 2d parallel of the Left Attack on the 8th of September it was because he was placed there by the Engineer officers. A series of valuable and interesting expeiiments have been conducted by the field and horse artillery for some time past on the effect of different charges in ricochet and direct firing-on the old and the new reduced charge of powder, on the relative merits of 61b. and 91b. guns, and so on; but the most curious, if not the most satisfactory, of all were made last Saturday, on which occasion a party of the 4th Regiment and a number of guns were pitted minid against cannon, to ascertainthe relative rapidity of fire and execution done on targets at distances varying from 600 to 1,000 yards. The result satisfies infantry men that they can " shuit up" guns with smart riflemen. The artilerymen areequay assured that they could sweep away any number of skirmishers with case and shrapnel, particularly in good positions, where a careful officer could screen his guns. Official reports have been made on these experiments, and General Dacres deserves credit for the practice he has given to officers and men in the working of this great arm of theservice. The infantry have fired away immense quantities of ammunition in practising, and their expense papers must be very heavy; however, it gets rid of powder and ball, and improves the men in the use of the rifle. The horsequestion has lost much of its interest in consequence of the concessions made bythe autho- I rities; thebaggagers areabsorbedby the suttlersatlow prices, and I have seen some very nice little Asiatic horses, with English saddles and bridles, sold for 56. and 81. a-piece. The Russian officers and camp followers have piurchased many animals at -very low prices, and the Maltese and other irregular traders attached to our camp buy, or steal, or make a cart, purchase mules or ponies, and, taking off a cargo of stores, start boldly off for the sea-coast villages or Karasu Bazaar, and similar places, where they rarely fail to dispose of everything-cart, animals, and stock-in-trade-at very remumerative prices. The transport of the country has been so much deranged and exhausted by the war that the inhabitants are very anxious to buy vehicles, horses, or oxen. The mules sent to Sinope from the Land Transport Camp, which sold as low as 41. each, were not Spanish, but Asiatic, and they were mostly old and worn out. A better class of animals were bouglit by the natives for their original price, about 101., and some of them -were sold for 15. No Spanish mules were sent to Trebizonde or Asia Minor. The mules are chiefly sold at Yuzgalt for the caravans of the merchants to Persia, and they also supply conveyance for the trade with Georgia, iMlingrelia, and the southern provinces of Asia Miinor. The departures, as yet known, of regiments from the Crimea for this week are these :-The Grenadiers will sail on Tuesday, and the 1st Battalion Rifle Brigade will embark on Wednesday. The Light Division will follow rapidly in the order of the regiments, those who go away in men-of-war being embarked<at Kazatch. 11Ox1DAY. The Rifle Brigade, 1st Battalion, commanded by Lord A. Russell, should have embarked to-morrow morning in the Apollo, which w ill be towed by the Mledusa, but it was found that the troopship was not in a fit state to receive troops, and the embarcation will be deferred till Weclnesday. MIeantime, the baggage of theregiment has been sent down to Balaklava, and, as there is nothing on board the vessel, the officers have been obliged to take all necessaries with them, so that it required not less than 18 of the Land Transport carts and several pack animals to carry off the first portion of the impedimenta of the gallant Rifles. Although this battalion has not seen the hard service of the 2d Battalion in this campaign, it has had a very ample share of fatigues and dangers during the siege, and has fully maintained the high reputation of the very distinguished Brigade in trench and rifle pit during the most arduous and trying period of the operations. General GarTett's command is gradually dwindling away, and of the original division there will now be only one regiment (the 20th) left in the Crimea. The breaking up of the Brigade of Guards has deprived Lord Rokeby of his command. His Lordship has issned an order of -well-deserved eulogy to the Brigade on the occasion of resigning the position, which he was proud to hold, and has written handsome letters to Major Shervinton, of the battalion of Land Transport Corps attached, to the Commissariat officer, Mvlr. Rolleston, and to other officers of the Divisional Staff. The Grenadiers (3d Battalion) have sent down their baggage, and they will embark to-morrow on board the St. Jean d'Acre, for England. The services of the brigade in uhis war are matters of history, and the story of their "sufferings," of their endurance, and of their valour has been told by one of themselves, who shared some of their perils in the field. The Grenadiers have borne a distinguished part in the toils and glories of the expedition. At Alma their advance up the glacis of the intrenchment was as reg-lar as though they were marching at a fieldday, and their lamented and gallant Colonel (Hood), who was killed in the trenches early in the siege, halted and formed then for the attack with as much coolness as if he were at a HydePark review. At Inkermann they behaved with equal courage and determination; nor was it till after a long and desperate encounter that they were " obliged," in the words of Lord Raglan, " to retire before very superior nunmbers, after displaying the utmost steadiness and gallantry ;" and when supported by the wing of the 20th, under Mlajor Crofton, they advanced and retook the redoubt. The ground they held was afterwards occupied by the French, who came to our assistance, and the Guards, terribly broken in the unequal encounter, "speedily reformed hi rear of the right flank of the Second Division." The Brigade was so exhausted by that ordeal of fire and steel that it was unable to carry on the duty of the trenches, and could only furnish the pickets along the Inkermann ridge. Then it was attacked by sickness, and during the dreadfttlwinter of 1854-5, when one would think, from the evidence before the I Crimean Commissioners, the men were provided with every necessary and comfort, they sicLened and died by sections. I never shall forget the aspect of those poor fellows, wandering about in their muddy camps their coatees a world toowide for their shrunk bodies, their faces white, wasted, and anxious,-andthenthe dead tent ! What ghastly skeletons of gigantic forms attenuated and worn away, the great bones and sinews protruding starkly through the tightened skin I It was indeed a horrible sight. At last the Brigade was threatened with annihilation. The remnant which was left was moved down to Balaklava, and there it remainedtillafter thel8thof June, when, augmented to more than its original strength, itresumed its duties in the trenches, and continued to suffer severely from the fire of the enemy up to the faU of the place. Thesebattalions now return to England, and well do they deserve the gratitude and regardoftheircountry. TheirSovereign has given too many proofs of her solicitude and affection, not only towards herElousehold Troops, but towards the whole army, for any doubt to be entertained as to the sentiments which animate her heart. TUESDAY. The Grenadiers marched off this morning, shortly before 7 o'clock, amid the cheers of their comrades. It is a beautiful day, and the men will have a fine march to Kazatch. There are no further regiments announced for embarcation in general orders, but there are some matters alluded to which deserve notice at home.
TURKEY. (}RoI OUR OWN COBRISPONDENT.) [The foUowing appeared in our second edition of yes. terday :-] UNSTAINTIRTOFLE, JmxE 5. The day bsfore yesterday, at sunset, a long salvo of artilery, begun at the Seraglio Point, taken up by the shipping, and continued by a battery behind the large ArtiBlery Barracks, announced loudUy enough for unbelievers as well as believers the end of the Ramazan, and the beginning of the greatest MIahomedan feast, the Bairam. In consideration of the conclusion of peace, it was decided to celebrate it with more than usual solemnity. The public part of the ceremony consists in a solemn procession of the Sultan to one of the chief mosques of Stamboul to perform morning prayer, and, on his retiurn, of the Mluaddi6, or levee, at which all the great officers of State offer their homage to the Sovereign. Usually the Sultan selects for the prayer one of the mosques nearest to the Seraglio, for instance, that of Sultan Ahmed, but yesterday, to give greater pomp to the ceremony, that of Sultan Mahomed, the Conqueror, was chiosen, which, perched high on the fourth of the seven hiUs of Stamboul, on the spot -where once stood the Church of the Apostles, is more than two miles distant from the Seraglio, the cent-e of the ceremony. The Seraglio, the old residence of the Sultans up to the time of Sultan MIahmoud, has been entirelyabandoned as such. The recollections which are attached to it from the times of the last Sultans who inhabited it seem to have left a deep impression on the mind of Abdul-Medjid, although he was scarcely 'born when the last concluding scene of the many tragedies performied within the Seraglio waUs took place, and he prefers the sunny shores of the Bosphoruis to the palace of his ancestors. It has become the St. James's of Stamboul, unsed only on great State occasions, and as a museum of the past, harbouring the State treasure3 collected byaline of Sultans,bythewidowsof the dead Sultans, by trophies and standards gained in long bygone wars, and a collection of old costumes as they were worn before the alla Franca tendency had abolished the outward signs by which formerly every class of society was distinguished in Turkey. An hour and a half before sunrise another formidable salvo of artillery awakened the unbelieving part of the capital, for the believers had been up aU night, taking leave of the Ra-mazan. The last sound of the guns had scarcely died away when the streets were alive with the hurried steps of passersby, with the trampling of horses and the rattling of carriages, while swift caiques skimming along the calm gray waters of the Bosphorus left silvery furrows behind them, as they cairied early sightseers across to Stamboul. Soon after the drums of the guard of Tophane announced that the Suiltan had left the Palaca, and was descending towards the Seraglio Point, where already all the great household, civil and military dignitaries, and the whole cortige were awaiting his arrival. Just as the first rays of the rising sun appeared the procession issued from the outer court of the Palace. As on all such occasions, the crowd of people and the line of soldiers were more interesting than the principal cortfge. In spite of the early hour the whole line through which the procession had to pass was crowded with people, especiaUy women, who, if one does not count the army who lined the streets, formed certainly the majority of the spectators. From every window peepedyonderfuleyessurroundedby scandalouslythinyashmaks; every shop harboured half-a-dozen fair inmates, squatted down on an incredibly narrow space; in every recess of the street stood a group of them, and even behind the railings of every little cemetery imbedded betweeni the houses you could see the gay feregees among the tombs of Sheiks and Saintons. The counterpart to this picture were the soldiers, who amounted to an army of 40,000 men, with representatives of every corps which had taken part in the war. Whether you had been on the Danube or in the Crimea, in Anatolia or in Mingrelia, you could meet with well-known regiments. The place of honour was given to one of the Contingent regiments, the 9tth, which occupied the outer court of the Seraglio, extending from the old Church of St. Irene, now used as a museum for warlike trophies, up to the second gateway; they were in their Contingent uniforni. Outside of the Seraglio gate, opposite to St. Sophia, the household troops were drawn up; beyond them a body of the Chasseurs, who won the battle of the Ingour ; in the neighbourhood of the Hippodrome the 2d and 3d Regiments of the corps dl'armec of Stamboul, each man with the Silistrian medal on his breast; before the Seraskierate, on the place of Sultan Bayazid, the Egyptian Cuirassiers and the Tunisian Contingent; in Sheik Zad4, the Turkish, Egyptian, and Tunisian sailors, alone amounting to 5,000; aud so on thewhole distance to Sultan M.Iahomed. In one word, you had before you a living history of the war, wvith all its lights and shades ;-the troops who have astonished Europe by their prowess on the Danube and by their perseverance at Silistria, and troops which have made the Turldsh soldiers a byword for the allied armies in the Crimea through the incapacity of their commanders, or who have been deciI mated by the carelessness and dishonesty of their superiors; and yet if you looked at the two you could see no difference. They were the same fine soldierlike men, whether they were Arnauts, Anatolians, Zisteks, Bosnians, or Tunisians. There were specimens of the warlike resources on which Turkey's former greatness was built, and which still exists, but which are crippled by those who ought to develope them. It w-as past 7 o'clock before the prayer was over and the procession returned. This was, perhaps, the best moment to see it, for it was most complete, and the crowd of spectators most numerous. Any one who expected to see an extraordinary display of Eastern pageantry in the cortge must have felt grievously disappointed, for. except half-a-dozen fne chargers with plumes, gorgeously inlaid bridles, and embroidered saddlecloths of the worst European patterns, which were led in front of the cortege,the grotesque body guard, which surrounded the Sultan closely, and formed a7conspicuous figure, vwith their fez of red velvet, their colossal plumes, and heavy halberts, and the Snltan's dwarf at the end of the CO)Vge,-there was only a host of Pashas in embroidered coats and white trousers, mounted on neighing chargers. Nevertheless, the ensen'le was picturesque, especially when you saw the procession coming in bytheouter gate,passing the colossal planetree, supposed to have been planted by the hand of Theodosius, and extending gradually to the second gateway, situate on the top of a gentle slope. In this outer court every one, except the Sultan himself, dismounted, for no one is allowed to pass the inner gate except on foot. An alley of poplars and planetrees leads from this gate to the third. Through this the Sultan, closely surrounded by his halberdiers, passed, followed by a dense crowd, which precipitated itself into the second court, in spite of the efforts of the household officers of the Palace, who tried to keep them back. Before the Palace itself is an open porch, supported by two columns of white marble, while all round the front of the building a colonnade, composed of old marble and verd antique columns, runs along. Under this green porch the levee takes place. Tfie Sultan having dismounted and retired to his apartments until the preparations should be completed, the question arose how to clear the ground. As everybody, the kantaZ and beggar, as well as the Pasha or Frankish officer, was let in, a considerable crowd had assembled, all eager to have the best possible view of the proceedings. All the nearer points of the colonnade, as well as all prominent objects, fountains, trees, &c., had been already occupied, without any consideration as to whether the spot would be required for the ceremony or not. Those who had not been able to secure such advantages of ground tried to get chairs and stools. The first efforts, therefore, of the body guard, although assisted by the most polite "Place, Messieurs," of the masters of the ceremonies, were of no avail, especially as numbers of allied officers were present, who would have thought themselves disgraced in the eyes of their fair protegees by too precipitate a retreat. As these gentle means had no effect, a body of household troops was brought up, who began, in the most approved style, to force baek the crowd. The result of this forcible measure wvas an amusing confusion,-here a native having his head punched bya soldier-there a soldier in his turn getting a kick from a Frankish officerthere again a young lady exclaiming, " Oh, where is mamma ?"-chairs and stools placed and replaced, until at last the necessary area was cleared, a carpet laid down, and a chair, covered with cloth of gold, placed under the porch. WVhen the Sultan appeared he was received by the obbligato cheers of the soldiers, a master of the ceremonies giving the signal, the household band struck up the Sultan's hymn, and the Sheik-ulIslam came forward to recite a short prayer. This being finished, the Sultan sat down, and the dignitaries, having formed a file according to their respective ranks, approachedthethrone, theTEaimakan at their head, and kissed the hem of the Sultan's mantle. As all officials with the rank of Pasha wvere admitted to this honour the affair was rather monotonous, especially as this part of the ceremony as well as the rest had lost a great deal of the meaning it once must have possessed when nobody approached but with awe the dreaded majesty of the "Padishah of both continents and seas," and when a few heads of the disgraced Pashas over the gateway of the Seraglio made this majesty even more formidable. In general, the whole ceremony derived its chief interest from the associations connected with it, and the remnants of Eastern ideas which pierced through the newly adopted forms. For example, the Sovereign receiving the homage of his officials in the open air, just as in times of yore, when Osmanwas the chief cf a people of simple shepherds-the indiscriminate admission of every oneto the ceremony, so essentially an idea of the East, where every one is supposed to be allowed to approach the person of the Sovereign. Another not less remarkable feature was the assembly of all the Mfollahs, forming the highest court of justice, in an open pavilion close by, evidently a remnant of the times when the appearance of tle Sultan in public was an occasion to bring before him all griefs and complaints. The chosen body guard closely surrounding the person of the Sultan was another remnant of former times,whenhe was more the prisoner than the master of his jealous Prsetorians. All these oldfeatures in the ceremony, and the traditions of the place itself, gave an interest to the whole performance far surpassing that excited by the ceremony itself, incongruous as it was made by some of its modem features. Thus, during the whole time it lasted, the band was playing choice airs from nI Trovatore, Madcbcthl, 2Nablzco, and polkas; only when the Mollahs came to do homage it struck up one of those wild Turkish airs, which are more in harmony with their flowincg Eastern robes than any gay dance tune. This was the last part of the ceremony, and soon after the guns of the shipping gave notice that the Sultan had left the Seraglio, and was on his way to Tcheragan. A serious accident took place on Mlonday last on the Bosphorus. Her Majesty's ship Leopard, coming down with 1,500 Turkish soldiers from Kertch, got somehow or other unnnanageable just as she wavs approaching the crowd of vessels collected about the Golden Horn. She ran into a bark, which sprang aleak, andisnowonshore. Sheknockledawaythe bowsprit of Her Majesty's ship Sidon, and very nearly ran into a French liner. The shocks received by the two collisions were fearful. Several people were seriously wounded, and for a moment even apprehensions were entertained lest she should go down, as all the soldiers, alarmed bythe collision, threwthemselves onthe oppositeside, so that -when she got clear she nearly rolled over. The confusion on board was frightful, and it was only the British officers who maintained their presence of mind. Several mistances of coolness atre related. Thus, when the Turkish Bimbashis were crying out "Allah" and bewildering the soldiers, one of them ran up the paddle-boxes and drove the howling w-retches down; another (Lieutenant Sullivan) quietly came out with his air-bed and began blowing it up, making at the same time a good joke. A man of the Land Transport Corps was kuocked down by the collision, and when asked whether lie was hurt, he replied, "One thing is certain; I have broken my pipe, but I think I have likeewise my arm and leg broken," and so it was. The Staff of the Turkish Contingent has arrived from Kertch, General Evans and General Dickson amongtthem. Therearenowonly3,000 or4,000 Turks there. The rest have already left, as likew-ise most of the artillery and stores. The 71st is to remain last, to give over the town to the Russians. These latter have drawn a strict cordon round the place, in order to prevent the inhabitants from coming in. The emigration fury has seized the Kertch Tartars as well as their brethren of Eupatoria and Baidar; several thousands have already been shipped off to Baltshik-. It woould have been desirable if some kind of preparation had been made for these poor people, for they are said to be in great miserynon the inhospitable shores of Bulgaria. This morning the St. Jean d'Acre, which left on Friday last, returned with the Grenadier Guards and part of the 1st Riffe Battalion. The Agamemnon is expected every moment with the Scots Fusileer Guards. Theflag,ship, Queen, is preparing likewise to go up anld take 1,500 troops on board. CIRYSTAL PAACE.-OSE SMMMG-DAn, , Tuesday, June 17.-Admissions on payment, 4,S07; ditto by season tickets, 455; total visitors, 5,262.
TH: CBIMRAFN ARB. - l;ENERRAT. (TR:l?.P.Q Head-quarters, Sebastopol, May 3L No. 1. Baggage guards between the camps and Balaldava will march in one detachment in rear of the convoys of Land Transport. No. 2. The last paragraph of No. 1 of the General Orders of Febraary 8, 1856, refers only to the rations for noncommissioned officers and men of the Land Transport Corps. It does not give a free ration to the officers of that cor s. No. 3. Poisonous liquor having been sold at the WPoronzoff-road Bazaar, soldiers are strictlv prohibited from entering it on any pretence whatever. Instractions have been givento the Provost-Marshals to enforce this order. No. 4. Leave of absence is granted to Captain Puxley, 6th Dragoons, to the 24th of August; C- ptain Lord IL. Browne 7th Regiment, to the 31st of *August; Lieutenants G. Grey, C. 7oore, and W. Eccles. 2d battalion Rifle Brigade, to the 31st of July; and Deputy Inspector-General of Hospitals L;awson, to the 26th of July. No. 6. Medical boards will assemble to inquire into the state of health of Captain J. Travers, Royal Artillery, and First class Staff Surgeon G. G. Robertson. The principal medical officer will give the necessary directions. No. 6. The following are appointed Deputy ProvostMarshals, with pay at 4s. 9d. a-day :-Sergeant T. Halpin, 20th R;egiment, vZice Sergeant Dannody, 4Sth Regiment, from the 27th of Mfay; and SergeantJohn MWoulds, Royal Artillery, in Sebastopol, from the 26th of May. By order, C. A. WINDHAo, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, June 1. to. L The whole of the books of the Queen's library Will be returned before noon on Saturday, the 7th inst., to Captain Ponsonby, Aide-de-camp, head-quarters. No. 2. The ground on the left hank of the river Tchernaya, between the river and the aqueduct, has been assigned to inhabitants of the country. No cattle or horses belonging to officers or other persons connected with the army are to Desent to graze on this ground, as the crop is of value to these poor Wople. No. 3. the regimental bands and drums and fifes of the 1st, 2d, 4th, and Light Divisions will assemble in front of Lieutenant-General Sir H. Barnard's hut, Second Division, to-morrow, at ll o'clock a m., and, under the senior band master, will practice together. A staff officer of the Second Division will give them orders. No. 4. On the brealdng up of a division the two-monthly staffreturn win be made out up to date and sent in to the Adjutant-General. No. 5. The following officers being in command of companies may draw field allowance and forage as captains:Iaeutenant P. Scratchley, Royal Engineers, from the 20th of April to the 29th of May; Lieutenant F. Brine, Royal Engineers, from the 224 of May. -No. 6. Leave of absence is granted to Lieutenant Philips, 56th Regiment, to the 15th of June-to visit Trebizoude; Lieutenant H. Rumbold, J. Elmes, and H. Scriven, 7th Regiment, to the 31st of August .At the recommendation of medical boards to Captains J. F. Travers, R. Baker, and Lieutenant M. L. Taylor, Royal Artillery; First-Class Surgeon Robertson; Staff-Assistant-Surgeon H. Dew-to proceed to England. On arrival they will report themselves to the Adjutant-General. And, in extension, to LieutenantColonellHume, C.B., 95th Regiment, to the 31st of July. By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Ftaff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol. June 2. No. L The Commander of the Forces calls attention to a disturbance having happened in a cafe, at Xadikoi, on the night of the 24th ult. There w>as unjustifiable language and conduct on the part of two officers, and opposition to the authority of the Provost-31arshal by those whose first duty it was to give him assistance, Although the Commander of the Forces has not thought it requi site to bring these officers to a court-martial, as ho has received the unconditional resignation of theiz commissions, he has represented the circumstances to the Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief in such a light that the neceSSity of their quitting the service| will probably he the result of their misconduct. No. 2. When officers' chargers cannot be embarked with i troops, an officer with one sergeant from each regiment and a batman for each horse will be left in charge. They will all be attached to the Land Transnort of the First Division. A nominal list of the officers and soldiers left for this daty, and a numerical return of the horses, with the ovners' names, signed by the Assistaut-Qnartermaster-General of the division, will be furnished to Major Shervinton, commanding the 1st battalion, Land Transport Corps. The Quart2rmaster-General will provide passages for the bitmen and horses as opportunities offer. No. 3. With reference to General Order No. 5, of the 11th of May, Major Barnston, Assistant-QuartermasterGeneral, will superintendembarcations at Kaatch; Captain Wolsely, Deputy Assistant-Quartermaster-General, will proceed to Kazatch and place himself under the orders of Sljor Barston. Lieutenant-Colonel Tuner, Commandant of the lKarabelnain, is placed upon the staff of the army as Assistant-Quartermaster-General, and will superintend emharcations at Sebastopol, in addition to his present duties. No. 4. The 3d battalion Grenadier Guards will embark at Kazatch in Her Majesty's ship St. Jean d'Acre. Thelst battalion Rifle Brigade will embark at Balaldava in Her Majesty's ship Apollo. The Qaartermaster-General will make the necessary arrangements. Nto.5o. Supernumerary officers and soldiers, except bhitmen left in charge of horses, who remain in the Crimea on the embarcation of the Brigade of Guards, dwll be attached to the $6th Regiment. Those of the 1st battalion Rifle Bri'nade, to the 18tb ReBiment, N~o. A The undermentioned staff officers will rejoin their regiments, for embarcation, from the 3d inst.;-BrevetMajor the Hon. H. Clifford and.Brevet-Major the Hon. G. Elliot, Ist battalion Rifle Brigade. No. 7. A general court-martial will assemble at headquarters on Wednesday, the 4th of June, at 11 anm., for the trial of such prisoners as may be brought before it. President, Brigadier-General Staunton; members, 1 field-offic-r and 2 captains from the Second Division*; 1 field-officer and 2 captains from the Fourth Division; *and 2 field-officers, 4 captains, and 2 sualterns from theLight Division; DeputyJudge-Advocate,. G. Romaine, Esq. Members' names and dates of commissions to be sent in to the AdjutantGeneral's-office by 12 o'clock on Tuesday, June 3. No. S. All the waterproof capes, blankets, covers, and rugs in possession of regiments will be delivered into the Quartermaster-General's stores wvithout delcy. No. 9. Officers who have borrowed books from thelibrary at head-quarters are requested to return them to the Principal Chaplain to the Forces without delay. The undermentioned chaplains wil proceea to England, the force to which they were attached having been broken up :-Rev. Mr. Sykes, Rev. Mr. Harris, Rev. Mr. Wheeler, and Rev. Mr. Crozier. The Quartermaster-General wMll provide passages as opportunities occur. No. U. A detachment of the 71st Regiiment having been necessarily employed for the duties of the Land Transport in the Kertclh district, a special allowance will be made of 5s. per day to Captain Blake, ls. per day to sergeants, Sd. per day to corporals, and Gd. per day to privates, for the days upon -which they were employed, according to a list furnished by Lieutenant-Colonel Ready, 71st Regiment, on the 17th of April. No. 13. Leave of absence is granted to Major A. Campell, 15th Regiment, to the 31st of July Captain A. Scott, 34th Regimnent, to the 30th of June. No. 14. A snedical beasA will asemble to inquire into the state of health of Captain C. E. Eirke, 1st batalion, 1st Regiment. The principal medical officer will give the necessary directions. Memorandum.-In General Order No. 5, of yesterday's date, for "- Captain Baker, Royal Artillery," read " Captain Baker, 39th Regiment." By order, C. A. WINDDAM, Chief of the Staff.
THE IJNkrnD LAw CLERtSr' SocIETY.-The 24th anniversary dinner of the United Law Clers Society-a very useful and well-supperted institution for the reliefof sick and distressed members of the hard-worked and inadequately-remunerated class in question-was celebrated yesterday evening at the Freemasons' Tavern, where a very elegant entertainment was provided for a large party of gentlemen, principally members of the legal profession. The chair was taken by Mr. Roundell Palmer, Q.C., LP., the hon. gentleman being supported by Lord Justice Knight Bruce and Lord Justice Turner, Mr. Digby Seymour, Mr. Serjeant Ballantine, M\lr. Under-SheriffRose, and other gentlemen. The hon. and learned chairman, in proposing the toast of the evening, dwvelt on the facts contained in the report for the year as the blest evidence of the usefunless of the United Law Clerks' Society. FYromn this document it appears that much good has been done under the several branchies of relief. Under that of the sick fund 18 members have received assistance, four of whom are still on the books, and 11 are restored to hea1tb. Each member received a gainea weekly during his sls. The expenditure on this account was 138.Under the second or superannuation branch, eightmemnbers receive permanent pecuniaryrelief in yearly and weekly payments; the total yearly payments to these superannuated members amount to 2761., or the yearly interest of 9,0001. The third and last branch of expenditure consists of an allowvance of 501. made to the family of a member on his decease, and of half that sum onthedeath of a members wife should he survive her. There have been four deaths during the year, and to the family of each member deceased 501. has been paid. Four deaths have occurred among the members' wives, and each of the widowers received asum of 261. Thepayments to members on account of deaths alone has now reached the sum of 5,2771. By deaths and other causes the society has lost several annual subscribers, but the committee report that since the last anniversary (June, 1855) a considerable increase has taken place in the number of members, -whose contributions during the year have amounted to 1,3221. To provide against the claims on the superannuation fund, which Will, of course, increase year by year, the committee are using every exertion to form a capital sufficient to provide for all contingencies. On the 2d of April, 1855, the capital of the society was lS,OS91.; the receipts for the year on account of the general fund amounted to 2,3191., and the sums espended in affording relief in sickness, superannuation, and death te 1,0101., leaving a balanca of 1,3091., which has been duly invested. Of 38 applications for relief received from the Casual Fund 34 have been acceptedasdeserving. The sumsexpended under this head and as loans amount to 3511. The subscriptions last night amounted to upwards of 3001. The hon. and learned chairman bore ample testimony to the zeal industry, and incorruptible integrity of the clerks of barristers and solicitors as a body, expressing his opinion most strongly in favour of the society, and expatiating very forcibly on the signal success of the system pursued. Other (principally legal) toasts followed, and the company separated at a late hour. The arrangements of Messrs. Elkington and Co. were, as usual, most satisfactory. The mnusical arrangements were under the able direction of Mr. Donald King (Mrs. King presiding at the pianoforte). Mr. Harker officiated as toastmaster. FuwERAL OF THE LATE MAJOR THOmsoN.-The remains of,this lamented and gallant young officer were laid in their last resting place at Brompton Cemetery yesterday at 12p.m. The funeral, whith-wasa strictly private one, was only attended by the peronal friends of the deceased and his family. Among thowe who attended at his family residence in Glocester-street and joined the melancholy procession were Lord Panmure, General Sir Fenwick Williams, Sir Benjamin Hawes Lieutenant-Colonel LInke, Major Teesdale, ac.
I THBTEF i MEDICAL BILL. The following statement of the Royal ColIege of Surgeons has been forwardec to iis for publication:_ "The surgeons, who had previously consttuted a City company, with local habitation in the Old Bailey, were incorporated as a Loyal College by George IIL, in 1800, 'in order to promote the art and science of surgery.' They were empowered to give to such persons as they maight find on examination qualified to practise the art and science of surgery letters testimonial under their common seal, which constituted them members of the college, and thus entitled tlhem legally to the appellation of surgeons. " To the corporation, which had removed from the Old Bailey to Lincoln'sinn-fields in 1796, the collection of preparations made by John Hunter, having been successively offered to and refused by the Royal Society and the College of Physicians, was, in 1799, given in trust for the benefit of the public by Parliament, under conditions for its preservation, display, and accessibility by members of the profession and other scientific persons, and for making a catalogue. If the college had not accepted this trust the collection would probably have been purchased by some foreignPower or dispersed by auction. "Thus the college had two duties to perform-viz., the ex.amination of candidates for their diploma under the charter, and the management of the Hunterian collection. "They have endeavoured, and thoy believe with success, to improve medical education by requiring of candidates, before admission to examination, evidences of study in the various branches of medical knowledge, both scientific and practical, by altering and enlarging their regulations on this subject in proportion to the increased opportunities afforded by the great hospitals and medical Echools of London. "'When the corporation left the Old -ailey it was low in in repute, and equally so in purse. The number of examinations in the year was inconsiderable, and the diploma, being little thought of, was not sought for by the surgical profession generally. Since that time, as the council has always contained nmong its members the most eminent surgeons in London, the membership of the college has been constantly rising in public estimation, and has never stood higher than at the present moment. The diploma not being required bylaw as a qualification for practice, they who seek it come to the college voluntarily, finding it essential to the respectability of their professional character, and thus the number of those annually examined by the college far exceeds those who present themselves before any other licensing body in the united idngdom. The whole of this duty, -which involves voluminous correspondence and gives constant employment to a secretary, clerks, and other attendants, is performed without any expense to the pubEc. " The University of I-mdon, to which a participation in this duty is assigned in the new bill, without any apparent reason, is supported by an annual Parliamentary grant. " To the Hunterian collection the college has added more than twice the original number of specimens, justly raising its museum to the dignity of a national collection, in which light it is regardea and fully appreciated throughout the world of science. N%othing even approaching to it in value is known to exist elsewhere. The boundless stores of information which are here accumulated on the structure of living beings throughout the whole range of creation, and on the changes produced in animal organs by disease, are here studied to the greatest advantage by the help of elabo.- rate scientific catalogues, formed by the ablest men in the reveral departments, and fillingmore than 20 quarto printed -volumes. " Towards the expense of buildings for displaying tho treasures ofthis great national collection Parliament has voted at different times three sums of money, amounting. collectively to 40,0001. In addition to this, the college basexpended from its own funds more than 200,0001. in buildings and fittings, in additions to the collection, in the for mation and printing of catalogues, in the remuneration of scientific conservators, and of a necessarily numerous staff of attendants. The annual expense, at this tine, of keeping.. up the museum in its present enlarged state is not less than 2,5001. "The council has collected the best medical library in England, consisting of nearly 30,000volumes, of which there are both alphabetical and classed printed catalogues. It is open daily to members of the profession and other scientific persons, with the attendance of an intelligentlibrarian, well versed in medical literature and acquainted. with modern languages. " Several years ago, in order to encourage youngmembers to study more seriously and for a longer time the scientific part of the profession, the council established studentships, vith a salary of 1lOOLper annum, to be held fortwvo or three years, and two or three such students have been constantly working in the museum since that time. "'One of the conservators has gradually added to the museum an immense collection of mnicroscopic objects,. chiefly with the vessels minutely injected, calculated to. show the minute structure of all tissues and organs, not only in man, but throughout the entire series of animals. This interesting department of anatomy and physiology has been amply illustrated, by the aid of numerous poNverful microscopes, an an annual course of between 20 and 30 lectures, delivered by the author of the collection, Mr.. Quekett, in a special theatre of the college. "To bring the college and its unriv alled musemn into its present state has required 56 years of exertion and care, together with a liberal and judicious expenditure of the funds accrumg from the fees paid for the diploma. Such are the beneficial results to thepublic of the free and uncon-- trolled action of the college in the management of its own affairs, under the powers conferred by Royal charters; they cannot be kept up without a continuance of the same systeml under which the college has justly gained the good opinon and confidence of the profession and the respect ofE the scientific world. The3fedical Bill, ns reported to the House of Commons by the select committee, would in effect destroy the college by transferring its powers to an untried, uncertain, and fluctuating body, caUed a Medical Council, and that without any allegation of misconduct or inefficiency."
COUBT CIRCULAR. Her Majesty reviewed the troops at Aldershott, under th. command of Lieutenant-General Knollys, on Monday afternoon, and again yesterday morning. The Queen wa;s accompanied by his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, the Princ~ss Royal andPrincess Alice, and the Royai visitors nowv on a visit to Her Majesty. The Royal dinner party at A1dershott on Monday evening included Lieutenant-General Knollys, Major-General Sir R. Airey, iMiajor-General Baron Stutterheim, commanding the British Foreign Legion; Colonel Hutchinson, Colonel Cronibie, Colonel Napier, Colonel Harvey, Colonel Barker, Royal Artillery and Lieutenant-Colonel Wardlaw, commanding Royal bragoons. IIer MXajesty and the Royal party left the Royal Pavilion at a-quarterpast 11 o'clock yesterday morning for Farnborough, travelled from that stntion to Vauxhalbya special train on the South-Western Railway, and arrived at Buckinghamn Palace at a quarter before1 o'clock in five of the Queen's carriages, escorted by a detachment of 'he 3d Light Dragoons. Prince Albert presided in the afternoon at a meeting of the Commission for Promoting and Encouraging the inc Arts in the rebuilding the Palace of Westminster. His Royal H tighness arrired at the Palace at 3 o'clock, attended by Captain the Hon. D. de ROH. The Commissioners present wvere the Duke of Newcastle, Earl Stanhope, the Right Hon. Sir Benjamin Hall, and Sir Benjamnin Hawes. The Secretary, Sir Charles East]ake,attended. The meeting broke up soon after 4 o'clock. The Countess de Neuilly and the Dake and Duchess de Nemours paid a visit to the Queen in the afternoon, and also visited the Regent of Baden and Prince Frederick William of Prassia, at Buclingham Palace. Prince Arthur and the Princesses Helena and Louaisa took a carriage drive. Lord Rivers and Lieutenant-Colonel Cavendish have relieved Lord Waterpark and Major-General Berkeley Drnmmond in their duties as the Lord and Groom in W aiting to Her Majesty. er Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, attended by Lady A~nnaMaria Dawson, the Baroness.de Spaeth, Lord .James Murray, and Sir George Couper, anived at her residenc, Clarence-house, St. Jamies's, yesterday, from A deputation on the subject of the united sees of Glcester and Bristol had an interview with Viscount Palmerston yesterday. The deputation consisted of the Earl of Lllen. borough, the Earl of St. Germans, Lord Redesdale, Lord. Leigh. Lord Elcho, Mr. R. B. Hale, .LP., Colonel Kingscote, HLP., Mr. R. S. Holford, MP., Hon. Ashley Ponsonby, H.P., Mr. H. Gore Laagton, hf.P., M1r. H. Brown, IILP., Mr. J. R. Mnlling; .P., Hon. H. Berkeley, 3.P., rr. iV. P. Price, M.P., Sir G. Jenkinson, Bart, Hr. J. Cnrtis Hayvard, Hr. T Gambler Parry, and HMr. R Hel The Earl and Countess Granville left tov non Tuesday orCarlsbad. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat yesterday in the Council-chamber. The petition "Bett's patent (capsules)," part heard was concluded, and the petition "LEangmaid's patent (arkali)" was part heard. The Lords present were the Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall, Sir William Haule, Sir J. Patteson, and Sir E. Ryan. Despatehes were received yesterday from the Governor of Malta at the Colonial-office.
THE MAILs.-LivEmoOL, June 17.-The Canadian mail steamship North American will leave this port for Mlontreal and Quebec to-morrow (Wednesday), when the Post-office will receive letters and papers intended for her until S a.m., with a fee of Id. umtil 8 30, and at the landiag stage, with the late fee of Is., till 9 a.m. TH IAs;.SorTHIP3o2; June 1?7-The Royalmail steamship Parana, CaptainWilson,sailedthis afternoonwiththe fortnightly West IndiaandPacific naaLs, 63 vassengers-among whom is the Bishop of Barbadoes2001. specie, 5,0001. value in ieweIro. and afull cargo of E:nglish and French mercbancj,e. l'he Peninsular and Oxiental Companys steamer l ,adrid, CaptainBradshaw, aso left this afternoon with the mails for Oporto, Vigo, Lisbon, Cadib, and Gibraltar, 40 passengers, specie for Lisbon valne 5,3201., and a general cargo. The Baea, Caeptin Soy, with the nex;t mails from India andChina, isexpectedto-morrow. The Ava, Captain Fiedd, wll convey the next eatwardlndia and China lDails to Alexandria on Fitiday next. The TjjtiS States' mail steamship Herniann, Captain Xfiggins, uibl lbr New Yorl) ta-morrow, at midday, with the German, French, and Englishi mails, psasengers, &c,
From tbt LO1VDO.Y GAZETTE of Tuesday, June 17. ---- dMTAILMT.IPT.ATV'q.OVRT(R VAVRI- Notice is hereby given, that Her Majesty will hold a! Drawing-room at St. James's palace, on Friday, the 20th of June next, at 2 o'clock. '.B. The Knights of the several Orders are to appear in their Collars at the Drawing-room, it being a Collar-day. :HITEHALI JuNE- 14. he Quaeen has been pleased to p resent the Rev. Donald 31ac F;dyen to the church and pash of Aucharacle, in the ;resbytery of Mull, and county of Arll, vacant by the eraisportation of the P.ev. Robert Stewart, late minister thereof, to the parish of Kiltidchen, in the presbytery of 21nfl. BOARD OF TRADE, WHITERAIL, JuNE 16. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affiin, a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Charge d'Affaires at Lima, seporting that the Government of Peru has issued a decree pern itting the xe-opening of the trade between that country and Bolina. - X&VAL PRIZE MONEY. This Ca:eUte announces that the proceeds arising from the slave vessel, name unknown, captured on the 20th of Ja. nuary, 1-954, by Her Majesty's ship Alecto, will be shared at Somerset-house on Monday, the 30th inst., in the follow- The proceeds arising from the slave vessel Alanuelrta, and stores, captured on the 22d of 3iay. 1854, by Her Majesty's slip Ferret, will be distributed on the same day, in t0P fol?nxinr, nonortinns- Commission signed by the LORDD-LiErTn- cAT of the County of WVARWICK. Riehard Spooner, Esq., M.P., to be Deputy-Licut. By the 1.oRD-L1EUTEsNAaT of the County Palatine of L.%A-cAsrrh. Sir Robert Tolver Geranl. Bart., to be Dejuty-Lieut. ; Jonathan Hlargreaves. E.q.. to be Deputy-Lieut.; Rich= :imethurst, Jun., E q., to be Deputy-Lieut. Cth Regiment of Royjil Laneashire 31Mitia.-MEvign AlexanderBeaufoy Thompson to be Lieut.. vice Cradock. appointed to the zd West India Re 6iment; Ensign Thoma. Acr eOgle to be Lieut., vice Whelan, appointed to the 1 th Foot. By the LoPRD-LIEUTs&N.rAT of the County of DsrmiARToar. Stirlin-shire . c . Militia, Highland Borderers Light Infantry.- Lieut. 1exlander Macfarlane to he Capt., vice Buchanan, resigned. By the Lor.D-LiE7INAR-rT of the CouILty of NEET. Royal East Kent Itegiment of 3founted Rtitles.-Lieut. Edward ChololeyLoinnto be Capt.; WyndhamsWilliam Knight, gent.,to be Lieut., vice Deing, promotedl. Kent Militia Regiument of Axtillery.-Second-Licut. Charles Beauclerk to be Lieut.. vice Waring, promoted, By the Ton LxECTES.4,T of the County of E1fEMEORD. Herefordshire Re6iment of Militia.-Lieut. Richanl Snead Cox to be Capt.. vice Parkinson, who retires, but retains his rank; Ensign Thomsas 3iller Bteiett to be Leut., vice Cox, promoted. By the L,Rt-LiErTnsAs-vT of the County of OmXonD. Queen's Own Re gi ment of Oxfordshire Yeomanry Cavalry.-Montagae Arthur. Lord Norreys, to be Comet, vice Cartwright, promoted. By the LonD-LIEMNAT-r Of the Couity ofPEsnrBaoxc. Castlemartin Yeomanry Cavalry.-Fredorick Leopold Sapieha oMeutereffel, Ban de Rutzen Freutz, to be Capt., vice Seymour Alen, resigned. [The following appointment is substituted for that which appeared in the " Gazette7 of the 3d of June.] By the LORD-LiEvtN A-T of the County of WA.RIr-Ic. wanwickshire Militia.-2d Reginent.-Lieut. John rain to be Capt, vice Capt. William Henry Bennett, resigned. PARTNTERSHIPS DISSOLVED. Jones and Joseph. Cwmn Rhondda. and Cardiff, co3l-merchants. -G. W. Southern and T. Davison. Whickham, Dmrham. and Newcastle-upon-Tyne. firebrick-manufacturers.-Shaw and Wild, Liverpool, glass-deaer.--tonk and Engl.and. Hustead's-mill, Sad(Ueworth. silk waste dressers.-J.Dalrymple and J. Stewart,Blandford Foraum. teadealcrs.-C. Bray anid Co., Coventry, riband-manunfacturersn-I. J. Hookham and Co., Birmingham, japanners.-N. and J. Bedinucton Birminn-ham, millerm-Rixon and Arnold, Poultry, booksellers.-A. Barlow. B. Warburton, and S. Holker. Bsry, Lancashire. bleachers; as far asregards the esecutors of A. Barlow.- 3uir and Whiternb, Kiddermiuster, carpet-manufacturers.-W. B,ar- and Sons, Waakefeld. woolstaplers.-S Davis and Co., lamp cotton-manufactUrers.-lT. and It B. Mul lner. Leanuington, coachmakers DECLARATIONS OF DIVIDENDS. a. P. Tmmond. So.tts-yard. Bush-Lane, ship owner-first div. of 2s.. on Thursday ntext and three subcequent Thursdays, at Mr. (Irahana's, ColEman-strcet. P. Slatter. Voodsteck aud Kidlington, Oxfordshire. innkeeper-first div. of 10d.. on Thursday niext and three subsequent Thursdays, at 1r. Graham's, Coleman-street. R. Martin and D. IV. Scott. Great St. Helens, merchants-second dlv. of lt1.. any Mlonday, at M1r. Cannan's, Aldermanbury. R. Forslaw. Liverpool, beerseller-first div. of is. l0 L, any 3Sonday, at Mr. Bird's, LiverpooL T. Hewitt. Ormskirk, grocer-first di7. of 4s. 6d, any Monday. at Mr. Blrd's. Liverpool. V. Clarke. Altringbam, joiner-first div. of is. 6d., any Tuesday, at Mr. Pot';s, Manchester. J. Lemax. Warrington, victualler-first div. of 2s., any Tuesday, at Mr. Pott's, Manchester. J. P. Samuel. Blackburn, Ehuttle manufacturer-first and final div. of Cs. Zd., any Tuesday, at Mr. Pott'o 3fanchester. J. Ikin. 31irlield, banker-third div. of 7-Idl., aay day, at 3Sr. Youngrs. Leeds. M3 Robinson. Halifax, linendraper-second div. of 10'd., any day, at Mr. Young's, Leeds. J. Wood and Son, Allerton. worsted spirmera-seconddiv. of d., any eay, at Mr. Young's. Leeds. J. Ilerton, Wednesbury, timber merchant-first div. of 4s. 7d. cn the separate estate. any Thursday, at hSr. Christie's, Birmingham' BA;iNKRtTCIES ANR'ULLED. D)..niel Da-is. Nowewington-caurew ay, glass merchant. Jobn Thomas Bays, late of the London-road, Southvwark, and ViAteacb, miller, BANKRJ'IS.E Alexander Paine. Croydon, innkeeper, to surrender June 27. at 2 o'Cock, July 2i, at 12, at the Bankrupts' Court: solcitors, Messrs. Au hunt. bon. and MorrL-, Old Jewry-chambers; ofdicial assignee, Mr. Lee, Aleermanlury. Frarcisco de Salvo. Leadenhall-street, merchant, June 25, at halfra,t 11 o'clock, July 23, at half-past 11, at the Bankrupts' Court EoliCitors. 3Messrs. M1arten, Thomas, and Hollams. Commercial Salerco-ms, Mincinhuelanc - ofihcial-a.6signee, Mr. Stansfeld. William inrith anui Janmes Kidder, Church-street, Shoreditch. gro: cer, Jure 2,. at 11 o'clock. July 25. at 2, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, Mr. Pawle. New-ian, Strand; offcial a&signee, Mr. Whitrore. Basighall-strcet. James Chapuan, late of King's Norton, Worcestershire, licensed victualler, July 2 ard 30. at half-past 10 o'clock, at the Birminghamn District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Mr. Gartside, Ashton-under' Lyne: anl Mesrs. Rawlins and Rowley, Birmigham; offidal asa1rnee 51r. Bittlest.n., Birmingham. Iobert Thomas P.ippingale, Newark-upon-Trent, frock-manufactlrer.JulySand2,.at half-past 1 ooclock, at the Birmingham-District Court of BankriDtcy. at Nottingham: solicitors, Messrs. 3ottesratm and lKnight. Bi.-nungham; offcial assig,nee, MSr. Harris, Not- WihisUan Ad.a.s M1anning. Totnes, corndealer June 24, July 26, at I o-loCk, at the 'r'xeter District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, lesFrs. Bishop and Pitts, Exeter; official assignee, hSr. Hirtzel, Samuel Pound, jr.. Dartmouth, ropemaker, June 24, July 26, at 1 o'cl.k. at the Exeter District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, M1essr-s. Edmords and Sons. Plymouth; and Mr. Stogdon, Exeter; ltticial a-ssignee, MSr. HirtzeL Exeter. W illiam Benson Storey, Liverpool, draper, June 10, July 21. at ll obteck, at the Liverpool District Court of Bankruptey- solicitors, Messes Biaigh and Thompson, Liverpool ; oiSial assignee, Mr. Morgan. Liierpool. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ r.' or John Stananought. Liverpool, icensed victualer, July 4 and IS at ll o'sloek, at the .iverpool District Court of Bankruptcy: solicit'-re. MEfessrs. FLrancis and Almond, Liverpool; ofiicial assignee, Mr. DIVIDENDS. July S. FE Davis, Oxford-street, cahinet manufacturer.-July 9, 'cl Fitrgerald, Bond-street. Commercial-road. Lambeth, coal merchant.- July 8, *, Deacon. Boxnnoor, hrewer.-July 8, W. Fryer, Nottingham, wholesale dralvr.-jnly 10, H. and W. Coop, Chequerbent, Laneashire, siLk re mfacrurers.-July 10, J. Steele. .fManchester, manufactI:rer.--.July 10, J. Moonu, 5Sanches-.er, cotton merehant-July ID. J. }vigham, I;esarley, Lancashire. victulallta- -July 9. E, Sr-enter Ctovenry.lider.-July 1;C 1;, J.raMllus, Nlew lBantEk, near Hali- CEP.TIFICATES to Le granted, unless cause be shown to the con- trary on the day of meeting. July5. . S Ducan lae o Chrin-erss,dealer in cutlery.-Jiuly '9lZaC, SWotdge, WChester,' lmcher,-JuYlyP F10, E. and . PRowe, jLn,, -July l:, G. Olar-on and G. Crookes, ShelEield, grocers.-July2S li. Jackson, ShellielmI, trush ma ;rtrrJl 12 .bedeater, Juy , .,B. W oo,horrsc, Leicester, dealer in general hosierY-. SCOTCH SEQUESTR.4TION. at .he °tob ,UIo,k, GGla,sgow-.dev manufacturer, June 24, at 12 o'clock, .>~~~~~u
THB PUBLIC HEALTH. (From the Registrar-General's Return.) In the week that ended on Saturday the total number of deaths registered was 1,027. In the corresponding weeks of 10 years (1846-1855) the average number was 930, which, for the sake of comparison, should be raised according to increase of population, and in this case wiU become 1,023. rhe actual number agrees closely with the result obtained by calculation, and it may be affirmed that the health of london, if not better, is also not worse than might be expected .at this healthy season of the year. The epidemic class of diseases, the chief index of condition in the wvarm months, does not exhibit any unusual features. The deaths enumerated under this general head were 240 last week, while the corrected average of corresponding weeks is 233. Whooping-cough carried off 54 children, of wlhom 35 were less than two years old. Typhus -was less fatal than in four previous weekls and was returned in 48 cases; measles in 41, scarlatina in 33, and smallpo; in 9. There is apparently less diarrhcea than usual, the deaths from this disease being 14, while the average is 22. From phthisis (or consumption) 150 persons died, which is about the averagO rate of mortality; 63 from bronchitis, and 45 from pneumonia. An ivory tuner, aged 56, died of ichronic bronchitis, arising from the irritation of ivory dust," after an illness of three years. 16 women died after childbirth; 27 persons died from cancer; 5 from furuncular disease. The five oldest persons whose deaths are returned In the week had passed their 90th year, and were all women (being widows), excent one. The oldest died of paralysis, at Bow, and was 96 iears. The man was a shoemaker, but hlad formerly been a seaman, and had fought under Nelson; he died at the age of '1. Last week the births of 823 boys and 749 girls-in all, 1,572 children-were registered in London. In the ten corresponding weeks of the years 1846-55 the average number 'Was 1,372. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height af the barometer was 29%S29 inches; on Sunday (the 8th) the mean reading was 30i)4 inches; the highest in the week was 30 09 inches on that day. The mean temperature of the week was 59-1 deg., which is 0-6 de;. above the average of the same week in 38 years (as determined by Mr. Glaisher). The mean temperature was above the average on every dav till Saturday, when it was depressed to the extent of G; deg. below the average. The thernometer in the shade rose to 74-3 dez pn Wednesday, the highest point in the week; and in the &m on the same day to 102-3 deg. The lowest in the shade .wre 46 2 deg., also on Wednesday, and therefore the entire range of that day, and also of the week, vwas 28-1 deg. The m:ean dew-point temperature was 52 0 deg., and the diTez. ence between that and the mean temperature of the air wal 71 deg. Te mesa temperature of the water of the Thames wvas 82deg.,-lugher by 3 deg. than the mean temu rature I bf the air. Th6~ wind blew from the south-west. There was i yio rain till the =a,t three days, when it fell to the amount of 653 in. A very severehastorm occurred at 4 o'clock Dui the aftfrppp go turday.
LIMITED LIABILITY BILL. The following protest against this bill has been signed by Lords Overstone and Monteagle :- i * IL The measure is wholly unnecessary, inasmuch as every concern has the means of limiting its liability by trading upon its own capital, and not upon the borrowed capitalof others. Liability is not necessarily incident to trading, or to the application of capital to the pursuits of industry; it is the result of taking credit or trading upon lorrowed capitaL Limited liability, therefore, is a measure ,f protection, not to the capitalist, great or small, bat to the speculator, who wishes to trade for his own profit but wvith the capital anld at the risk of others.t *"'2. The principle of limited liability is antagonistic to, and will probably prove seriously destructive of, the sober and substantial virtues of the mercantiie character. By -eakening in the mind of the trader the sense of full re.ponsibility for the consequences of all his actions, and limiting the obligation which now rests upon him, to return in full all that he has borrowed from others, the general tone of commercial morality must be deteriorated. By limiting the unfortunate consequences of failure, while no corresponding limitation is placed upon the gains which may atten success, the due equipoise between the restraints and the stimulants to enterprise and speculation, upon which depend the solidity and safety of the commercial system, must be disturbed. By enabling parties to put a fixed limit to the amount of possibe loss the chief incentive to caution or vigilance in the conduct of business will be taken away or seriously weakened, while by leaving the hope of gainunrestricted and indefinite a gambling principle wi be introduced into commercial transactions, and the risks of trade will assimilate themselves to the chances of the lottery-wheel rather than to what they now are, the legitimate results of hopeful industry and cautious enterprise. 8 3. The measure in its present form, unaccompanied by safeguards or any attemDt to obviate the clear and acknowledged danger of abuses to -which the principle of limited liability must be exposed, is not only in opposition to the report of the Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the subject, but is contradictory to the practice and experience of ever country in the world which has admitted the principle ofnninited liability into its coninercial code. " In every other country the privilege of limited liability is surrounded by restrictions which are intended to guard against the danger-first, of excessive and reckless enterprise, naturally generated by the sense of stiict limitation of risk - and, second, of fraudulent abstraction under the form of interest or profits, of that specific and fixed amount of capital which is alone appropriated as the security of the honest creditor. " These restrictions indicate the universal conviction of all other countries that against these sources of abuse it is necessary that some proper safeguard be provided. If it bo deemed impossible to render such safeguards efficient and satisfactory, the conclusion necessarily arises that a measure ought not to be persisted in which does not admit of effectual protection against injustice to the honest creditor and injury to the public interests. " 4. The effect of the bill will be to give legal protection, and therefore to hold out moral encouragenient, to dishonest practices in trade. " Profits in trade consist of interest upon capital, remuneration for labour and skill, and premiuni of insurance on risk. In proportion as the risk in any business is great profits are usuaUy high, but of these high profits a large share is by every honest trader set aside as the prenium reserved against high risks. An unfortunate tradesman coming before the Bankruptcy Court would not be very leniently dealt vvith should it appear that, carrying on a very riskful business, be had year by year spent all the great apnent profits, making no reserve out of them to meet the high risks ne was inurring. Now, this is the very practice which this bill directly sanctions, and therefore encourages. " The object of the measure is to enable concerns to limit their liability to a certain fixed sum, which has no reference to the varyimg magnitude of the risks which they incur, or to the high profits which, through those risks, they are appropriating to themselves, but not reserving for the honest protection of their creditors. "They are, in fact, appropriating and misapplying the premium of insurance, which, under the form of high profits, they year by ycar receive, and in this immoral course they will have the authority and sanction of the bilL "5a. The tendency of the measure must be to encourage and promote the transference of capital from trading concerns now constituted and conducted with the caution and prudence which the sense of unlimited liability neceesarily generates to joint-stock companies, trading with small paidup capitals, and embarking, under the protection of limited liability, upon risks which no person would otherwise venture to encounter. When loss occurs a heavy portion of it will be made to fall upon the unfortunate creditor, who deserves our sympathy,while the adventurers, who ought to be the victims of their own reckless speculations will remain comparatively safe under the regis of limited liability. Meanwhile the sober calculations and legitimate transactions of real trade will give way to a general pirit of speculation, in hazardous enterprises, and jobbing in shares-a state of things of which the history of 1824 and 1825 affords a practical illustration, and, at the same time, holds out a warning example. ' 6. MIany very important advantages arise from the high moral character and commercial credit founded upon the full and punctual discharge of all its obligations which thk countr atpresent enjoys throughout the world, If the effect of the measure shall he, as is predicted by the supporters, to restrict rather than to increase credit, by filling the community with a mass of concerns notoriously undeserving of public confidence, the consequence must be serious injury to our commercial character abroad, a diminution of the confidence which other countries repose in the engagements of our merchants and traders, an interruption to the ease and freedom with which all our trading intercourse with the world is at present conducted, and, in the end, absolute pecuniary loss to the country. " 7. The measure is singularly inappropriate to the present state of this country as regards capital and enterprise. There is abundance of capital in this country. We are the lenders of our surplus capital to every nation of the world. Any sudden demand, any new opening for speculation is at once supplied with inexhaustible funds, while we are subject to the frequent recurrence of periods of undue and dangerous inflation of credit and speculation. When these periods occur the tendency of the measure must be to extend and intensify these evils, by giving facility for the widespread introduction of joint-stock companies, reckless in their procedure because protected by limited liability, and filling the community with the instruments of gamblin_ in the form of shares upon which little or nothing has ten paid up. The real want of the country is competent and duly qualified men (in whom confidence is duly blendedwith caution, and the spirit of mercantile enterprise is regulated by e.xperience and the sense of responsibility) to wield successfully the vast resources of capital and credit which the country is prepared to place at their command. "' The evil to the correction of which the bill is apparently drected,-namely, insufficient supply of capital to meet the demands of industry and enterprise, does not, in fact, exist; while the real difficulty is one which legislation cannot effectually remedy. "S. The period chosen for the introduction of this measure is peculiarly unfavourable to the safety of the experiment. After a long-continued heavy drain of the precious metals from this country the reflux has apparently commenced. A great accumulation of bullion may be reasonably anticipated. Under such circumstances credit anda blind spirit of speculation are always developed to a dangerous extent. On the present occasion this danger will be rendered more formidable by the effect, the character and extent of which is yet to be ascertained, of the recent extra osdinary discoveries of gold. The time is therefore approaching, according to all probability, at which the prudence and finmness of the community will, through the natural courte of events, be sublected to a severe triaL " At such a mnoment it is eminently inexpedient and dangerous to introduce a change in the law seriously affecting the mutual relation of the debtor and creditor interest, and which must, in the first instance at least, exercise a powerful inluence on credit and speculation. Imnortant changes of the laws which affect our monetary or commercial SyStem, however sound may be the Drinciples on which they rest, are almost invariably followed by rapid and excessive developement, leading to temporary, hut serious embarrassment. "The crisis of 1825 was preceded by, and was intimately connected with, the rapid developement of the warehousing system which resulted from the acts passed in 1822. " The crisis of 1837-9 was closely connected with the sudden and excessive expansion of the joint-stock banking system which occurred in the years immediately preceding. " The crisis of 1847 followed closely upon the extensive reduction of import duties introduced by Sir Ri, Peel and the sudden outburst of the railway system. " Experience, therefore, compels us to anticipate a similar crisis as the necessary result of the first developement of that great change in our monetary and commerciat system which is involved in this abrupt and unquahited introduction of the pn inciple of limited liability. "' this crisis occurs simultaneously with the effect of a strong miflux of the precious metals on the return of peace and of the recent extraordinary addition to the total amount of the precious metals through the gold discoveries, the firmness and prudence of the country may be subjected to a trial too powerful to he withstood,; ad an artificial expansio ofcrcitmayense,cauingmoetary embarrassment and great mercantile disasters.Yen "OVERSTONE. "MO'2TEAGLE OF BRUSADON."
-P3ALIAMNTABRY INTEIGMNE. 'HOUSE OF LORDS, 'TEsDAY, JxYNE 17. The LORD CHA?NCELLoR took his seat on the woolsack at 5 o'clock. retitions were presented by Lord BERNERIS, against the Bill for Abrogating the Oath of Abjuration now required to be taken by members of Parliament, from the inhabitants of Merevale, North Wold, county of Norfolk; Sutton Coldfield, county of Warwick; Rugby and the neigbourhood, Bourton and other places, in the county of Wfarwick rom thePrebedary of Brsioun, inhabitantseofaMichestow eounty of Cork; agenda, Westmoreland; r ilnthorpe, Westmoreland, and Reading, Berks; and by Lord xVEscSILasI, from inhabitants of Kingston-upon-Hun. Petitions were Presented by Lord BERBNERS against the lilaynooth Grant from inhabitants of O1ness, county of Ross; by Lord FEVERSHA, from Stonegrave, North Rliding of Yorkshire, against opening the British Museum and other places of public amnsement on the Lord's-day; by Lord DuxdANxo ,, from the Protestant Association of Cork, against the Maynooth Grant; and by Lord ST. L.Eox,nD's, from debtors confined in the prisons of M.anlchester, Durham, Cardigan, and Carnarvon, praying for the abolition of imprisonment for debt upon equitable terms betwvesn debtors and creditors, and for the assimila. tion of the laws of bankruptcy and insolvency. Lord ST. LEONARD'S, upon presenting the last-nmentioned petitions, begged to call his noble friend's (the Lord Chancellor's) attention to the subject, and to the . necessity of taking steps to prevent the lengthened imprisomnent of persons confined for debt. The LORD CHANCELLOR, in reply, referred to the cases of persons committed for contempt, anld observed that he could not see how such persons could be discharged until they had done the acts required of them. They were com-nitted not as a punishment, but as a means of compulsion. At the same time some scandalous cases had occurred, and one in particular he remembered, in which a man, originally committed in the early part of Lord Eldon's Chancellorship, died in prison after 40 years' confinement. HAMPSTEAD HEATH. Lord ST. LEONA.4RD'S was understood tol present a petition on the subject of the preservation of Hampstead-heath to the public. Lord MONTEAGLE said that, if he had rightly collected from the noble and learned lord the prayer of the pOtitioners, he quite concurred in the principle set forth by them. Some 20 years ago one of the Oxford Colleges, possessed of the fee simple of Primrose-hill, was acont to dispose of their rights, which would have led to building over that property. He was at that time Chancellor of the Exchequer, and, with the assent of the Government of Lord Melbourne, he bought the property from the parties entitled to hold it, and Primrose-hill bad been saved by that purchlase for the purposes of the public. He could not help thin-king that the people at large had an interest in a question of this description, and the right way to proceed was not to deprive anyproprietorof the right properly appertaining to him, but to give him fair compensation and thus acquire the property honestly for the public. If he understood the matter in the case of HIampstead-heath, the public would in a very short period be left in the lurch. They might petition their lordships, and Parliament might deal with the case, not on its own merits, but by a reason of a supposed interest which the public had in keeping the heath intact, but such a struggle could not long be main. taed, and then this property would be enclosed and built over. Now, if the public wished to preserve the ground in its present state, let them buy it on reasonable terms, and sO attain a public object in the only way in which it was consistent with the honour and dignity of Parliament to allow such an object to be attained. Lord CAMPBELL considered that the present was the time for the public to make their bargain with regard to Hampstead-heath, because in a few years there would be a person seised of the property in fee simple,who would have power to enclose, or to build, or to do anything that he pleased. The subject then dropped. THE WILITIA. In reply to the Duke of LEEDS, Lord PANMURE said, that the embodied militia wa under the Commander in Chief, and was treated in all respects as the regiments of the line. The various districts were periodically inspected, and, although some few regiments might have esc.ped that inspection, still the majority of regiments had been inspected. The reports of those inspections had been sent to the Commander in Chief, and they were of a most favourable character as regarded the discipline and bearing of the militia. - TheReformatory and Industrial Schools Bill, the Joint Stock Companies Bill, and Sir William Fenwick Williams's Annuity Bill severally went through committee. The Excise Bill was read a second time. The Whichwood Forest Bill was read a third time and passed. POSTAL COMMUNICATION WITH IRELAND. Viscount DUNGANNON askled the Postmaster-General whdther any decision had been come to by Her Majestv's Government relative to the establishment of larger vessels with increased horse-power to carry the mail between Holyhead and Kingstown ; and whether there was any prospect of such arrangement being effected before the close of the ensuing autumn? The Duke of ARGYLL replied, that certain conditions had been communicated by the Government to the railway and steamboat companies, but no answer had yet been received. The Commons' amendments to the Oxford UniversityBill were considered and agreed to. The House adjourned at 20 minutes to 7 o'clock.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, TuESDAY, Jrx 17. The SPEMXER took the chair at 12 o'clock. PETITIONS. Petitions were presented by Mr. HuTv, from the Chamber of Commerce, of Hull, praying for the abolition oftheSound Dues (ordered to be referred to the committee) ; by Admiral WALcOTT, from the medical officers of the western and eastern districts of the parish of Christehurch, Hants, paying that the House of Commons would pass such resoutions or laws as will empower the Poor Law Board to carry out measures of extended relief in their behalf; by Mr. II. BasiT}, from the inhabitants of Cranbrook, against the military bands playing on the Sabbath in the parks; also, against the Maynooth grant; and by Mr. STnUTT, from the medical practitioners of Nottingham, in favour of the Mtedical Profession EmU. PRIVAtTE BUSINESS. The following bils were read a third time and passed: The Lewes, Eastbourne, and Hailsham-road, Denny Junction Railway, Inverness and Aberdeen Junction Railvay, and the Scottish Central Railway Bills. PEAlCE PRESERVATION (IRELAND) BILL. On the order of the day for going into committee on this biU being read, Mr. M'MAON thought the House ought not to go into committee without some explanation on the part of the Government. If the bil had remained in the same form as when it passed the Lords he might not have objected to going into committee, but since then the bill had undergone, or was intended to undergo, many alterations. He, however, was opposed to the measure as being wholly unnecessary. There was no pretence for the bill, because there was no crime or outrage in Ireland. Everything was as peaceable as possible in that country. He therefore maoved that the House go into committee that day three months. Sir G. GREY said that the bill was now precisely in the form in which it passed the House of Lords, with the exception of those clauses which his right hon. friend would, in committee, propose to restore. Those clauses were purposely omitted by the Lords on account of their being money clauses, which it was not competent for their lordshins to pass. On a former occasion he stated the grounds on which Her Majesty's Government thought it right to propose a renewal of the act 11th and 12th of Victoria, coinmealy called "the Crime and Outrage NAct," at the saue time omittng some of the clauses which were not thought any longer necessary. He was happy to say that the present peaceable state of Ireland enabled the Government to dispense with powers which in former years it was found necessary to retain. Colonel GREVILLE said, his objection to the bill was, that it did not express what it was it professed to do, and he thought it would be better to repeal the excisting act altogether and to bring in a new measure. He partieu. larly objected to the fourth clause, which continued this act for fve years. Hitherto these bis had never been enacted for more than one year. Mr. DE VERB did not think there was anything in the present state of Ireland which rendered it necessary to ring in a bill like the present. There was nothing to lead to the apprehension that the peace would he disturbed in that country. The bill had two objects-first, the registration of arms, and, secondly, the empowering the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland to send additional force imto any district which he might consider to be in state of disturbance, and to impose on that district a heavy taxation for the purpos of paying that additional force. When the biUl first came down from the Lords it did not contain the latter provision and under that circumstance he did not object to the second reading, although be on principle objected to any such biU altogether. Lord BERNARD considered the bill to be absolutely necessary. The disturbed state of some parts of Ireland marred the prosperity of the rest. In his own county there was less crime and outrage than in any part of the united kingdom. Why, then, should his county be obliged to kee up a constabul force ? The reason was that there existed in other parts of Lreland the Riband system, the members of which society intruded themselves into the peaceable counties, so that it became necessary for the inhabitants of those counties to be protected. He therefore was of opinion that no measure could be too, strong to suppress the crimes which that and other illegal societies committed. Colonel DUNNE objected to this mode of Iegislation. The clauses ought to be set forth in the act, and not by way of reference to a former act. He also objected to this exceptional legislation. Why should an act of Parliament be made applicable to Ireland which was not applicable to other parts of the united Idngdom? He admitted that there were two or three districts in Ireland where such powers as were given by this biU might be required, but he did not consider this bill to be an effective one. The Government ought to bring in a bill for the registration ofarms once for all. Mfr. NAPIER thouaght the House ought t-o go into committee on the bilL It was only a preventive measure, and was intended merely to arm the Government with suffcient power, in case any emergency should arise that required it, intervention. Mr. I. BUTT said thJat their whole experience of Ireland demonstrated that they could not safelygovem that country without some power on the part of the Govermnent to pnt a check upon the possession of arms by the people. - This necessity arose from the existence of secret socleties. In 1843 the Government tried the experiment of leaving the Lord-Lieutenant without such a -power, and what was the result? The result was, that public auctions of arms took place, and the state of Ireland the next year was marked with outrages of the most serious character. StiU there were strong objections entertained by the people ialt the orower given to the Lord-Lieutenant o f i'ro ing. It was exceedingly galling to many of the respectable farmers of Ireland that such an exceptional power should exist, even as a matter of police. But it was a power which might be exercised also for political purposes. In 1848 almost every district in Ireland was proclaimed entirely for poUtical objects, the effect of which was to disarm nearly the whole of tho population. Thero was one clause in the bill to which he had a very strong oh. jection-namely, the fourth clause, which would continue the bill for five years. (Hear, hear.) These powers ought not to be placed beyond the control of Parliauient for so long a period. What reconciled him very much to tho Tirovisions of the bill generally was, that notwithstnnding these powers there were many districts in Ireland whoere no restraint whatever was imposed on the peoplo in regard to the possession o arms. Mr. MAGUIRE said, the county of Cork-tle larriAt county in Ireland-and the county of Waterfordl anotiher large county, were two of the most peaceable (Iitrict;i in Ireland. Nowv if, as his hon. and learned friend had aidl, it was galling to the respectable farmers living in ditstriot# w;hich hadbeen proclaimed, how much moro galling mnust it be to the large large portion of the population of thoei districts where -no crime had been committed ? If thec House went into committee he should move that the bill be limited to one year. The amendment was then negatived, and the House went into committee; Mr. FITrZOY in the chair. On clause 1 being proposed, Mr. HORSMAN moved that clauses 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 of the act 11th and 12tn of Victoria should be retained. He explained to the committee that these were money clauses, which it was -not competent for the House of Lords to enact. The amendment was agreed to and clause 1, as amended, was ordered to stand part of the bilL On clause 2 being proposed, Mr. GEORGE objected to the form in which the bill -was presented to the House, and said it would have been much better if all the clauses intended to be retained had been set forth ia cxcrnso. The hon. gentleman then said that there were several clauses in the act 11th and 12th of Victoria which he thought ought not to be omitted from the present bilL They conferred very salutary powers, and he should mov that they be reinstated in the bill; they were clauses 16, 17, 18, 19, and 20. Mr. HO SM N said, the clauses referred to by the hon. gentleman were in conformity with the preamble of the former act, but that portion of the preamble to which those clauses related had been omitted from the preamble of the present bill. Althonugh crime and outrage did not at present exist in Ireland, yet it was deemed necessary by the Govemment that precautionary powers should be placed in the hands of the Lord-Lieutenant. He believed that a great majority of the members of Ireland wished to arm the LordLieutenant withthose powers. Within thelast seven months three instances of crime had occurred-two of actual murder and one of an attempt to murder-all of them in the open day and in the vicinity of a great number of people, and yet in two of those cases the murderers had escaped. He was certain hon. gentlemen would much rather that the perpetrators of those deeds should be apprehended. (Hear, hear.) Therefore, aU that the Government asked was, that where it was possible that outrage and crime might be committed the Lord-Lieutenant should have the power of preventing them, and, if attempted, to put them down. He could not conceive that any serious objection would be made to the bil being passed in the shape in which it was proposed. A very lengthened discussion then ensued, in which Imost every Irish member took part, on the subject as to he form in which the bil should be passed. It was conended by many members that the Chairman should report rogress and that the bill should be reprinted, setting forth t length those clauses which were to be retained, without making any reference to the clauses that were to be omitted, ; nd that the bill should then be recommlitted. It appeared o be the unanimous feeling among the Irish membes that f this course were adopted, and if the right hon. gentleman he Secretary for Ireland would consent tO limit the bill for ne year, no opposition should be made to any of the clauses n committee. Mr. HosIrAs, however, declined pledging himself as to the period during which the bill should con- inue until the fourth clause came under discussion, aud which clause enacted that the bill should continue for five lears. Mr. DE VERB said that, in that case, he should move that clause 2 be omitted. The committee divided, when there appeared, For the clause... ... ... ... ... 98 Against it ... ... ... ... ... 53 Majority ... ... ... The clause, as amended, was then agreed to. On clause 3 being proposed, Colonel DUNIN'E said that, after what had occurred, lhe should no longer trouble himself by offering any objections to the bill, except as to the time of its duration, but he did, in the face of the country, denounce the obstinacy of the right hon. gentleman in refusing to yield to the general feeling of the Irish members. The clause was then agreed to. On clause 4, which enacted that the bill should come into operation on the 1st of July, 1856, and continue in force tiUl the 1st of July, 1861 being proposed, Mr. I. BUJTT moved, as an amendment, that the biUl should continue for two years only. Mr. HOIISMAN assented to the amendment. Mr. MAGUIRE said that when crime and outrage prevailed in Ireland the Government was satisfied with havmg a bill of this description for a year only; there could, therefore, be no reason why, in the present state of things, the bil should be of any longer duration. After a short discussion, the amnendment was agreed to, and the year 1853 was inserted in the clause instead of the year 1861. The clause, as amended, was ordered to stand part of the bill. The schedules and preamble were also agreed to. The House then resumed; the bill was reportd, and ordered to be read a third time. LUN-ATIC ASYLUMS (IRELAND) BILL Mr. HORSMAN moved the second reading of this bill. He said that the object of the bin was to explain and amend the acts relating to lunatic asylums in Ireland. The appointments to asylums in Ireland had hitherto been made by the Lord-Lieutenant, and those appointments were held to be good in law till four or five years ago, when a question arose as to the appointmsent of a chaplain. Several successive Lords-Lieutenant had appointed these officers, biut in the course of last winter a decision was given by the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland that the Lord-Lieutenant had no such authority. This drew the attention of the Government to the existing state of the law, and they found that the Lord-Lieutenant had no power to snake any appointments at all. It was therefore thought necessary to introduce a bill to legalize the appointments already niade, and to give the power of appointment to the executive Government in future. It further am peared that the Lord-Lieutenant had, by an orderin Council denuded himself of the power of making aU the smaller appointments by giving them over to the governors of the asylums. WVhat w as in effect nowv proposed was to vest all the higher appointmients in the lord-Lieutenant, and to ve to the governors the minor appointments. The right non. gentleman then moved that the bin he read a second Colonel DUNNE thought that these appointments should be made in Ireland in the same manner in which they were made in England, and when the biU went into committee he should make a proposition to that effect. Mr. GROGANr called attention to a statement in the preamble which was not correct. It was stated that doubts existed as to the authority to make these appointments. Now, since the decision of the Queen's Bench no such doubt could possibly exist on the subject. Lord NAAS was of opinion that the appointments should be left to the local authorities in Ireland. It would be much more satisfactory to the ratepayers. Lord BERNARD concurred in the opinion expressed by the noble lord, and said that by taking the power from the governors the effect would be to enable officers under them to set their authority at defiance. There was no subject upon which there had been greater jealousy than the mode in which Irish asylums had been conducted. He was an advocate of the representative principle, and thought that those who paid the taxes ought to have the power of appointment. Mr. NAPIER did not much like the aspect of the bill, and it would depend mainly upon the amendments which would be made in committee whether he should support the third reading or oppose it. If the bill carried out fairly the spirit of the decisi'on of the Queen's Bench he would give it his hearty support; but if it attempted to overthrow that decision, then upon the third reading he should oppose it. After a few observations by MIr. SiRx, Mr. J. D. FiTzGERA&LD, Mr. Dwsom, Captain MAGAN, and Mr. WmY'wN, The bin was read a second time. THE GRAND JURIES BILLX This bil was read a third time and passed. The House then adjourned at half-past 3 o'clock. The House reassembled at 6 o'clock. MARRIAGE L&W AMENDMENT (SCOTLAND) BILI On the motion of Sir J. GsAxAm, this bill was read a first time. - POSTAGE LABELS. Mr. WHITESIDE asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer whether, on the termination of the present agreement with Messrs. Bacon and Petch for printing and gumming the postage labels, it was the intention of Her Majesty's Government to give public notice calling for tenders of contract for printing and gumming the same, or to renew the arrangemnent heretofore made with Messrs. Bacon and Fetch? The CIANCELLOR of the EXCHEQ`UER said, the Government had consulted scientific men whether it was letter to dontinue the old system or resort to surface print. iSg, and they were advised to adhere to the fonner. They bad, therefore, given instructions for renewing the contract with Messrs. Bacon and Fetch, but a clause would be inserted giving the Post-office power to determine the contract upon notice. I Mr. WHITES-IDE inquired whether the contract would be renewed by public advertisement or private arngemaen- The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, upon a waftex inyolving trust it did not appear to the Government proper to ask for public tenders, which iapliedthatthe lowest offer would be accepted. MDICAL PRACTMTIONERS BELL In reply-to 3Mr. WIsX, Xr. COWPER aid, it wm the intention of the Govern. ment to proceed with this bilL WIDOWS OF OFFICES OF TRANSPORTS. *Mr. STAFFORD wmshed to ask some member of. er Majestys Governmnent whether it was intended to give pensions to the widows and orphans of captains and other offlcers in the transport service who had lost their liveduring the time theso vessels were employed by tho Crown? Sir C. WOOD was not aware that there was any intention of iVing pensiois to such persons. They were not includel inany existing penson warrant. Pensions wera confined to personH in Her Majesty's service; in the army or navy, and theso persons formed parts of the crews Of muer-. chant vetls. POSTAGE STAMPS FOR NEWSPAPEIIS. llr. WIJUTESIDE1 asked tho Secretary to the Treasry for an explanation of a vote of 8,0001. agreed to last yeaf to provilo xtamrp for newxpapers, and which was referred to. in a debate uponl the question of Mr. Archer's patent, on the 10th inst. Mr. WlI-40N sid, the Board of Ireland llevenue hi t in contetnplation to provides rpecial amp for newspapers, Intt arte-rwrds decilde on the use of the ordinary postage pit.snij. i'J,o msoney, there:fore, had not been expended, and1 was rsotni d as X sA vlng on tleo expenrditure of the year. Mr. WI'lT'Vl8IDJP tlen moved for Yarious rettrns relating to po4;;*4 t:tA1p'r,velojes, &c. Tli I AItMY Ilt TfiZ CRIMEA, Sir II, DAVI1E said, thetre appeared to be some nisapprehension as to the real state of affairs with regard to the army in the East, and it would be desirable that a member of the Government ilhould give some explanation upon the subject. Sir C. WOOD said, he had not the least difficulty in restating that which he stated on Friday, which seemed, in a most extraordinary manner, to have been misunderstood by the right hon. gentleman (Sir. Disraeli). He could not understand under what hallucination the right lonL gentleman must have laboured when he put words into his (Sir C. Wood's) mouth which he never used, because, upon referring to the ordinary sources of information, he fordh that which he stated correctly reported. Being a question of figures, he brought down a written statement as to the number of the army which he then believed to be in the Crimea. He would repeat the statement from the same paper:-On Friday last, as far as he could make not, there were in round numbers in the Crimea 33,000 men. He also stated that there,were in the Crimea sufficient steamtransports to bring away the whole of these troops. He found he was reported to have said -. "There are now, as we believe, in the Crimea 32,000 or 33,000 men, andthere are in the Mediterranean steam-transports, including ships of war ordered to bring home men. for 33,000 troops. No doubt the whole of the Crimea will be cleared beforete encd of the month. Sailing transports are gone out for 9,000 men, and I hope will arrive there in June. The whole number remaining to be brought home from the East, calculated up to-day, is under 40,000 men. There is in the Mediterranean tonnage calculated to bring home more than 42,000. Steam-transports for 5,000 more are under orders to return, and I think it wise to send steam-transports beyond that, probably for 4,000 more, so as to leave the sailing vessels to bring home stores." He thought that nothing could well be clearer than that statement as he made it, and as he was reported to have made it; he was at a loss to understand how words could have been put in bis mouth by which he was represented to have said that no portion of the troops were now remaining in the Crimea. There was some misapprehension as to the expectation attributed to him that these troops would be removed from the Crimea by the end of July. He should be exceedingly disappointed if there were a man left in the Crimea on the 30th of June. (Hear, hear.) MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS (SCOTLAND). Mr. W. EiVART inquired of theLord-Advocate whether any bill would be introducedifor extending and ref6rming.the system of municipal elections in the burghs of Scotland, The LORD-ADVOCATE was afraid it would be impossible to bring in such abill during the present session. Mr. W. EWART.-Will the learned lord bring in a bill at some subsequent period on the sabject! The LORD-ADVOCATE should wish to introduce a bill on the subject if he had an opportunity. EDUCATION (IRELMND). Mr. WALPOLE.-In p=rnsnce of the notice I have given, I now;begleaveto move anaddress tothe Crown upon a subject which I feel presents such a strong claim to the consideration of time House, a claim so just and reasonableIhadalmost said so irresistible-that I hope the attention of the House wiU begranted to me while I state the grounds upon-which it rests. The foundation upon which I again rest this claim is this-that where- you maLe large public grants for a great national purpose, and-when these grants must come from the general taxation of the country, it is neither just nor reasonable to preclude any persons from receiving any portion of these grants when they intend to apply these grants to that great national purpose. :But this is what has taken place with regard to the grant forthe esta. blishment and promotion of the system of national educs. tion in Ireland. There is one class of persons, and nowone only, which is precluded from receiving any portion of that grant, and for that class of persons I now make an appeal. In considering such a question, it is my first duLty to inquire what are the general views of this House and the principles upon which it is prepared to act. These views and these principles have been distinctly -manifested during the present session, and it is in accordance with these views and principles that I press the claim which I amabout to prefer. I wish it to be distinctly understood that I am not going'to enter upon any matters of controversy. I rest my case upon this, and upon this ouly, that the points upon which this House is agreed justify me in asking you to assent to this motion. Now, what are the points upon which this House is agreed? I take it that, in the first place, we are agreed that we must mainly depend for the promotion of the education of the people upon the voluntary efforts of different religious societies, at the same time that we aid those efforts by large contributions from the public funds. We work, therefore, by two agencies-private benevolence and public grants. Mere private efforts without public grants would be weak and unavailing, and would soon fall away; but if wehadrecourseto public grants only we should lose the benefit of thoseprivate exertions andthat benevolence which add very considerably to the promotion of education. Now, in the case which I have to submit to the House the private efforts made by one class of society are totally unaided by a public grant, although that grant is contributed to by every class of society. If your principles are sonnd and just, unless you can show some strong counter. vaiEng reason, you ought to acquiesce in and accede to my application. The second principle upon which we are agreed is that, as you aid these voluntary cfforts by contributions from public grants raised by the general taxation of the country, you are bound to dispense these funds with an even hand; that you ought not to show any partiality or favour, and either give to all or give to none. In this case you do not give to all, but you give tc all except one, and, therefore, your principle is distinctly violated. The third point upon which we are agreed, and the last, is, that education to be worth anything must be based upon religion. (Hear, hear.) This is the principle upon which you have wisely acted. In acting upon that principle great difficulties have appeared as we know from the discussions that have taken place in this house. The difficulty is mainly the fear of favouring any class by the dogmatic teaching of any formulary, catechism, or creed that might militate against the conscientious convictions and feelings of the parents of the clildren taught in these schools. If yoa-are right in this reasoning. you have a religions element to be preserved aid a religious -difficulty to bo avoided. The religious element is to be preserved by giving your grants to religious bodies only. The religious difficulty is to be avoided by extending these grants to every one of the religious bodies without exception. These are the great principles upon which you have acted in England for the encouragement of education-the encouragement of private efforts for the purposes of education, and a large contribution of the public funds to assist these efforts. no compulsion upon any to adopt a particiuar scheme, and no exclusion of any religious body from the grant. These principles are essentially just. They are so just that I cannot conceive that you wil withhold the application of them from one class of persons, and one only, and that class a portion of the uniited church of England and Ireland. It is not because they are unwilling to promote the cause of education, because no class of men are more active in promoting that object than the Irish clergy. (Hear, hear.) It is not because they refuse to submit to your inspection; that they are willing to acquiesce in as soon as you give them a portion of the grant. Nor do they wish to force upon the children taught in their schools their own formulary, catechism, and creed, for it is one of the rules of the Church Education Society that these shall not be imposed upon any child whose parents may object to this teaching. The only reason why they are refused a share in the grant-and the Hlouse wil blush to hear it-is because they conscientiously require that in carrying on the great purposes for which the societywas establishedtEe Scriptures shall not be excluded from their schools. (Hear, hear.) I 'cannot believe that such a refusal -will be persted in. I appeal to you whether it is just and consistent with your .own principles of action-whether Engishmen would .allow such a system to continue in England; and. if not, I confidently appeal to you -whether yOuL will allow a similar sstem to continue in Ireland? It is so obvious to my mind that the imposition of regulations precluding the clergy and the members of the church of Irelandfrom,receivingany portionof this grantis un-just that if it were not for one argument which I have often heard advanced, I do not beheve there could be a single objection to the address I am about to move. That objec- tion, which has been urgei principle I have lid down would,i ac pon dtroythe combined system of education in Ireland whch e ha taken so much pains to etablish' But _ will pnty showthat that coumbinnid qsytelrdoes nt *xii in 3elto vstedL schools. (Hear.) I w7ilfurther show t-hat imi those schools thesystem is almost entirely -eL-te ;.and, lastly I will sh6wthat in the schools.for *wlnchlask your asSitane, combineda education does -exist;: . I hall"therefore require you to geve them some porcion; of -the grant, -because' they carTy out your own views. Ixnust fret emind, the- House of the origin of the -preseut- system. Tha national system was established bs -a substitute for - the- Xildare-plsce Society Schools; with - the . oboject of giving the benefit of education as extensively as possible to the poor of Ireland, an& of uniting chitdren of differen t creeds in-the same schools withont disturb.- in, their religionsprinciples. -The reasonwhythe Kildareplice SocietY schools were -superseded -was that in themit was a primary condition that the Scriptures should be read, Objections were taken to thit condition b the Romans Catholics, on the ground -that their ch ich id not permit the study of the Scriptures wjthioat the sistanco of a clerical superior. To satisfy these conscientions scruples of the Roman Catholics, the present system was introduced. and the free use of theo Scriptures in the - schools was prohibited. But in getting rid of the old svstem. you ran into the - opposite extreme, and neither Presbyterians, Wesyans,l- nor the members of your own church would assent to the rule yon Laid down,. that the Scriptures should not be admitted into the schools. To meet the objections of the Presbyterians and the other Protestants, you then agreed to admit the Scriptures, ana thereby you mateial;y altered the fundaimentaf principles upon which your system haa been established. (Hear, hear. ) Several great changes have taken plae in your syste. since its establishment, and the only change I now asIC yomn -to make is one which corresponds, and which is almost identical with others that you have already allowed. :When it was established, Lordc Derby, then Lord Stanley. foresaw that the only means by which the great object of joint instraction could be accomplished, was joint manage-meht, and accordingly, in his celebrated letter to the Dakle of Leinster, he required as a fundameutal role one of these. three things :-either that, the application for the granut should come from the Protestant and Roman Catholic rclergy of the same parish; or that it should come. from the clergy of -the one denomination, and theparishioners of the other; or that it should come. from- the parishioners of the two denominations. The object of the rule was to insure the joint m9nmgement- which would be conseyuent on a joint application for the fund, Here-and I am now stating nothing but what I can prove from the two great -volumes which were the result of the inquiry into this subject instituted in the El9ouse of Lords-commenced thechanes it the system. The Presbyterians objected. to the joint application, and insisted that they were entitled to a portion of the grant upon their own application. What happened ?- The fundamental rule was overturned. The.Presbyterian and others were allowedto apply bythemselvesfor a portiorn of the graut. and, in the words of Mr. Cross, the secretar,y o£ theNationalBoard, the consequencehasbeenthat applications have for a long time come from only one denomination and the three conditions to which I just now adverted are a dead letter. (Hear, hear.) This is the frst great change whicla has been made; the second has an important bearing oer ny motion. When the system was originally established it. was deemed necessary, for the purpose of obtaining a combined system of secular instruction together with separate. religious education, that all the schools should be vested in the board; that is why they go by the name of "vested'' schools. But the Presbyterians again objected. They saidj as appears from the evidence of Dr. Cook and Dr. Henry, that if they recognized these schools they had a right to have. them in their own power. That objection was admittedschools, instead of being all vested, were allowed tol becme -hat is called "non-vested," and your system, instead of beig one of combied instraction, carned on through the medium of rested schools, established by joints applications, has become a system of non-vested schools, established by the applicatiion of separate religious bodies. So much has this been the case that out of about 5,0XG schools mentioned in the report of the House of Lords con3nittee, only 1,600 are vested, the remainder being nonvested. (Hear, hear.) The consequence has been the abolition of a combined system of education (hear, hear); it; has been superseded by the alterations you have made in favour of the Presbyteriais, because they conscientiously objected to having their schools subjected to the power of the commissioners. I wi be specific in my proof of this proposition. ArchIdecon Stopford, who was at first very adverse to the national school system, but who has since become one of its warmest supporters, gave the following evidence before the committee:- " You are aware that, the system as originally con-, templated comprised only vested schools 9-I am. you are aware that subsequently the non-vested systenz w2s introduced and added to the other ?-Yes. "Are you not of opinion that while the principle of the, vested schools was one of united education, the principle of the non-vested schools was as clearly one of separate educa.. tion?-I think it was, and I think it was tacitly admitted byr the board themselves in their sixth report; for they saidthat such schools must be looked upon as bearing a peculiar religious aspect. '' So that from the moment that the board began to give aid to the non-vested schools, they departed from the great rinciple of their system, which wvas United education 7- Practically, they did establish a system of separate schools, unrder the name of a system of nnited education." I haveanothertestimony still stronger-thatof£the secretary of the National Board itself. At the conclusion of hisE enidence he was asked whether he had any more to say, and. in these words he commenced his answer - Perhaps I may be permitted by the committee to state, as a concluision to my examination, that the national systenm of education, as a united system, has failed to a considerable extent."1 In reply to question 119, the secretary put in a tabular statement furnishing the committee with the amplest materials for judging of those schools under joint managementandthose under separate management; and the result of' that table, in reference to Roman Catholic and Protestant. schools, is that there were 4,600 in all, and only 48 underjoit management. Lord Derby then inquired whether he rightly understood the statement as showing that the wholenumber of schools under joint management was only 4& of persons of different denominations; and the answer of the secretary was:- " At the date specified in these returns there are very-, few schools under joint management; and Ishould addthat,as far as my experience goes, those under joint management. have given the commissioners more trouble than any others, for they have found it very difflcult to unite parties of various religious communions." Here you have testimony not only to the effect that the, combined system was not carried on, but that the greatest. difficulty was experienced in attempting in Ireland what we know to be impossible i Bngland. (Hear, hear.) We havehad discussions here on this subject before, and it has often. been attempted to obtain official and accurate information as to whether this system was separate orunited. A return was moved for in the House of Lords in 1835, with the. view of obtaining that information, aud the commissioners. repled that it was contrary to the spirit of their instruc. tions to give it. From that time down to the period when: Lord Eglintoun required the information as l;ord-Lieutenant of Ireland, the return was not furnished, nor was it. dreamt of being furnished until the committee of the. House of Lords sat. I have pointed out two great changes. made in this system, and rightly made, for the purposeof carrying on educatinn and satisfying the conscientious scruples of those who objected to the system. Were. those the only changes made 7 No. Another change quite as important, if not more important for my argument, was effected. The Presbyterians objected to their books, whethersecular or religious, being under the control of the board, and also to the exclusion of the Scriptures during school hours. The answer iven to that objection was, that the Presbyterians in their schools should have the power, subject, of course, to information given to the board, of control over the books they used in their schools; and, witIL respect to the Scriptural part of the question, it is stated in. Dr. Cooke's evidence,-" Our schools begin withprayer * vwe have the Scriptures and the catechismas freely in school hours." The fight hon. gentleman opposite looks astonished, as well he may, but O firly convinced am I that I amm right in my position that I do not scruple to read the con. tinuation of Dr.Cookc's evidence, inordertofurnish the right hon. gentl-emanwith every argumentthat can by possibilitybe used against me. Dr. Cooke goes on to say,-" While, we will not by any role, privation, or penalty compel anychildren to attend during the reading of the Scriptures or the repetition of the catechisms, we will not be accountable for their absence." The agument against me is, that in church schools the reading Of the Scriptures is required as a. sine qud non, and the answer I make is that ,as all other denominations of Christians have gOt their schools, and inas. much as the church only wants to educate its childreii according to its own views, and inasmuch as not a single child who objects need go to the schooLs, the argament falls to the ground. (Hear, hear.) I have now pointed out the three great changes which have been made in the system. The opponents of my proposition say that they cannot accede to it, because itwould destroy thec combined system of education. I reply that no such system exists, or thatv;here there is a combined system It Is in the church education schools, which are the very schools excluded from the benefit of a grant of money. The Rev. I. Verschoyle was asked by the Lorde comnittee whether the number of Roman Catholics attending the church schools is greater or less than it was a few years back, and he replied that it is less, and went on tostate: "The attendance was at its highest point in 1848. There were then, of Chuarch childrer, 58,122; Dissenters, 15,713 ; Roman Catholics, 46,S67. In 1849, there were !58,UChurch children; 15,562 Dissenters; 37,857 Roman Catholies. In 1850 there were 60,000 Church children ; 15,000 Dissenters; and 33,000 Roman Catholics. In 1851 there were .59,000 Church children, 14,000 Dissentersand 29,000 Roman Catholics. In 1852 there were 61,0DChurch children; 15,000 Dissenters; and 28,000 Roman Catholics. In 183 there were 61,000 Church children; 15,000 Dissenters; and 22,000 Roman Catholics." Now, it is perfectly true that the number of Roman Catholie children attending these schools in 1853 was less than in 1£48, but the next answer of the Bc. H. Verschoyle wil} explain that point. Lord Clancarty ask-s: "May not that diminution of Roman Catholic attendance be in some degree owing to the withdrawal of the schools. from connexion wvith the Church E;ducation Society, for tllc purpose of establihing schools of entirely a missionary,charactef in the west of Ireland>" A nd the rev. gentleman replies:- ", Yess; I believe some of the schools on your Lordship's estate have been withdrawn upon that ground. There are a great number of schools established in the west of Ireland in connexion with the Irish Church Missions which, not. lbelagconductedexactlyon ihe principles of the Churcli Education Society, but on the principles of the NationaL Society of England, we do not get credit for." That accounts, then, to a certain extent, for the diniinwtion of the proportion of Catholics to Protestants in the. church education schools since 1848. I have showp thatz the combinea system does exist in the church education schools and not in the national schooLs, aud I will now refer to evidence furnished by the Eight Ron. Alexander idac- aonnell, the resident commissioner bn the Board of Nationsl Education:- "IDo you know that the Church Education Society has a*.tained, notwithstanding its compulsory order with respect to zeading the Scriptures; a vastly greater measure of nimled and unhred education than the national system has with all its freedom ?-I believe that is so. " To what extent do you think the national system has zAtbined that great object-as it has been considered-of. axnited education ?-I do not think the national system has attained any great degree of success with regard to United -tducation; that is, united education, as understood in the 3itera1 sense of Protestant and Roman Catholic children !being educated within the same walls." Ihavenow proved by the plainest statement that it is absurd to put forward tho necessity of supporting the combined system as an answer to the motion which am about to make. The combined system of education does not exist in )our national non-vested schools (hear), but it does exist in your church schools, and it is to those very schools that you deny all participation in your grant. (Hear, hear.) g he present system was established out of regard for the conscientious convictions of our Roman Catholic fellowsubjects;- and its fundamental rules vwere materially relaxed out of regard to the conscientious convictions of the I'resbyterians; I do not grudge those bodies the advantages 'which they derive from it-I hope they may long enjoy -them-but I maintain that some respect ought to ibe paid to tho conscientious scruples of the established church. (EHear, hear.) Youhavere axedthesstemtomeet the reasonable objections ofthose from whon asa nation you -differ,butyou will not relax it, even in thesmllestdegree, to -gratify the honourable, sincere, and praiseworthy scruples of thoEe with whom you agree. But whether you accede to mny request now, or vwhether you refuse it, the time will come w hen you must attend to it. (Hear, hear.) It is but reasonable that 've should inquire for what reason it is that all participation in thegrant is denied to the members of our ow.u church. (Hear, bear.) It is right that every member -of this House should ask himself why it is that the estab. lished church alone is thus placed under the ban of the State. (Hear, hear.) Have the members of that church done anything to deserve it ? On the contrary, there is no body in the united kingdom wlhich is more conscientiously desirous of promoting education than the Irish church. (Hear, hear.) Its efforts have been discountenanced and *-discouraged by the Governmlent and by P'arliament, but, in spite of that, it has 1,800 schools educatii g 100,000 scholars at a cost of some 200,C000l. a-year. It does more to promote your united system-i of education than you are doing yourselves by means of the national schools, and can you therefore any longer refuse to do souiething toaid in that good lwork? Your present mode of dealing with this question cannot last. Many sincere men who 'vere originally against giving the church schools any aid for fear of disturbing the combined system have changed their cpinions. On this point I -ill call your attention to the evidence given by Mr. Buxton. That gentleman went to LIeland for the purpose of inquiring ato this subject; he went a prejudiced man, deeply conN-inced of the danger of disturbing the combined system, but his opinions were changed by what he sanw in Ireland.. *When examined before the House of Lords' committee, he stated that, having -one to Ireland favourably impressed with the principles of the national system as a means of uniting different creeds, the result of his observations was that the objects of the national system were better and more fully carried out by a system founded upon scriptural instrnction than they are in the schools under the National Board. Being asked whether he did not think that the present position of the clergy, with reference to the system of education of the people which is established and supported by the State in Ireland, was a very disadvantageous one, not only to the :interests of the church, but to the cause of education, his answer is- " No doubt of it at all. One could not help feeling, on visiting the Protestant schools, that there was a great want of the advantages which the State could give in the w-ay of book-s and apparatus, and salaries for teachers, and so on." His examination then proceeds thus, and I particularly crave the attention of the Government to these answers:- "On all those grounds you probably think it would be very desirable if there could be asettlement of the question, which, without interfering w.ith any good, be it smaU or great, vwhich the national system is doing in Ireland, -would satisfy the scruples of the clergy so as to aUlow their schools to he connected lith the National Board .-I think so, certainlv. "Hilave you, in considering the question, been able to o-arrive at any scheme for such a settlemlent -I do not see 'why the systemn 'w-hich has answered so 'vell in England shouldnot be applied in Ireland, though, perhaps, 'with somne modifications. Will you suggest any modifications which you think it ought to undergo .-I think, as I have heard suggested by Dr. Trench, that the plan of the Church Education Society should be to a certain extent adopted-that is, the plan of only givingaid in proportion to the qualifications of the children in the school. It appears to ine that the schools I visited in Ireland, particularly the national schools, wanted a stimulus; many of them 'were in a very languid state indeed; and if the system 'were altered, it 'would be an excellent thing to let the teachers feel that the grant to 'the school would be in proportion to the advance of the children in learnin." I think it is clear, from 'what I have said, that the system cainot remain exactly as it is, and I will now state to the House 'what are the alterations 'which I propose to make in it. What I ask is, " that such modifications may be made in the rules of the national systenm of education in Ireland as will extend the advantages now enjoyed by non-vested schools to any other than vested schools now existing or hereafter to be established, 'whatever their regulations m3ay be as to the mode of religious in.truction." IT is important to bear in mind the distinction between vested and nonvested schools. Vested schools are those to the building of '-hich the commissioners have contributed money; nonvested ones are those the cost of erecting 'which has been defrayed by the contributionis of lay patrons. The fol-mer class of schools are placed under the control of the board; Ihe latter are left under the direction of the lay patrons, and only receive from the State the salaries of teachers, books, and other school requisites. In vested schools the rooms are, after school hours, accessible to any persons whom the parents of any of the children desire shall teach them religion; -while in non-vested schools the religion to be taughit i3 prescribed by the lay patrons; but opportunities areafforded to the children out of school hours of being instructed by other ministers. With vested schools I do not propose in the least degree to interfere; nor do I seek for any alteration in the model schools or thosefor tramning teachers. I believe that they are good-not to sav excellent, and ought to remain as they are. Even in regard to non-vested sciools, I propose to make no alteration 'which would deprive Presbyterians or others of the advantages Nshich they now enjoy. What I do ask is that you shall so n:odify the rules 'with relation to non-vested schools as will enable the members of the church in Ireland to educate their children in their own way. (Hear, hear.) E ven this I ask only upon certain conditions. I think that the schools ought to put themselves in connexion with the board, ought to submit to inspection, and ought not to force upon any child 'whose parents or guardians are not mnembers of the church of England, the learning of the formularies, catechisms, or creeds of that church. In makin, this request I ami asking no more than I believe the Iouse -of Lords, after having made this full inquiry which resulted in these twvo enormous volumes, containing a thousand (lues- tions aud I don't know how many pages of appendices, 'would. have agreed to. "nfortunately, owing to the lateness of the period of the session and consequent want of time, or some other cause, no report was agreed to by the committee. However, several reports were drawn, and to five of these I will caU attention. These reports 'were prepared by Lord Eglintoun, the Bishop of Ossory, Lord Derby, the author of this scheme, Lord Granville, the President of the Council and representative of the Government, and Lord Monteagle. Of three of these I will say only a few 'words in passing. Lord Eglintoun's report 'was framed to provide for the muaking of such new regulations as should prevent the recurrence of such a difference as that 'which led to the retirement from the board of M1r. Blackburn and the Archbishop of Dublin. The report of Lord 3Jonteagle 'was in favour of the system. That of the Bishop of Ossory 'was a most able document which gave the church views in the fullest and ablest manner. The two reports which bear upon my motion are those drawn by Lord Derby and Lord Granville. When this question was last before the House my right lion. friend the member for Carlisle (Sir J. Graham) made a most earnest appeal to the Conservatives not to uproot or disturb a system which their "reat leader, Lord Derby, had established for the benefit of Ireland. For myself, I can truly say that, owing as I do to that great man, and proud to owe it, my political allegiance, I should be ectremely sorry to utter here a word 'which was contrary to an opinion of his, unless I could not bring my miind to concur in that opinion. Fortunately in this case I am not driven to the dilemma of differing from that noble earl (the earl of Derby). The noble earl was the anthor of that measure at a time when tlle system of education was imperfectly understood, when no one would have -dreamed of giving grants to all religious bodies, as is done in England; when it 'vas necessary to make education more extensive and more general in Ireland, and to remove the religious objections 'which the Roman Catbofits entertained to the previous system. Now, 'when 20 years lhave possed, during 'which material changes have taken place both in England and Ireland, the propositions which I am about to niake are identical with those which were made by Lord Derby to the coniuiittee of the House of Lords. (Hear, hear.) Lord Derby proposed to the committee four resolutions, of 'which those bearing upon this question were these --two:- - " 3. That the adoption of tIme rules as to religious instruction in free or vested schools be earnestly recomimended to patrons of non-vested schools receiving aid from the board. $ 4. That the board be authorized, if they shall think fit, to grant similar advantages to those enjoyed by the non'vested schools to any schools now existing or hereafter to be built, whatever their regulations as to religious instruotion, the patrons of which shall be willing to place them in connexion with the board and to receive officially the visits of -the Government inspectors." 'These are in point of fact quite similar in effect to the address which I am about to move. Lord Granville proposed resolutions which were to a certain extent in confor2amity -with those of Lord Derby ; but these he unfortunately afterwards withdrew, and substituted for them others which did not include one wint 'which lie had agreed to include. (Hear, hear.) The nature of these first resolutions we can only ascertain through the instrumentality of a member of the committee. In a charge to his clergy that right rev. prelate said of these propositions:- "And he suggested, as what anpeared to be the best plan -or securing both objects, that church education schools should receive grants of school books and school requisites from the national board; and that the benefit of insuection by the officers of tho board and of access to the training school should also be extended to them. He added, however, that Government would only be prepared to act on these suggestions, if they 'wero recommended by a 4ear majority of the committee, and also accompanied by a re,commendation that under no circumstances should a grant in money be made to any school, either for building or for the teacher's salary, unless it were conducted strictly in accordance with the rules of the national system." 37, of s9 mrse, am not in a position to speak authoritatively on the subject, but I think it not improikable that the reason hythe noble lorddid not propose thi. resolutions in committee mayhave been Thathcf ead nort acortained that they were sure of being approved by a clear VsajoritY of that body. (Hear.) o?wever this may be, it is it least certain that recommendations subetantiall the samn were urged with equal earnestness by Lord Der and Lord Vranvile, the only difference between the schemes of %he twom noble lords being, that one contemplated a salary to the teacl&er in addition to a grant for books and school requisites, wher,.as the other was limited to the latter object only. The disl tinction is ono of degree, not of principle. (Hear.) I have recently had some conversation with LordDerby on the subject of theresolutions, and I am authorized to sa. that my noble friend nowr cordiaUy approves them (hear), deeming them a reasonablemodification tomeeta just demand. (Hear.) He adds, however, that it would be judicious to annex a condition making the grant more or less dependent on the actual progress of education in the endowed school-a fair arrangement, and one to wshich no valid objection can be opposed (Hear.) That the Bishop of Ossory correctly in.. terpreted the viewvs both of Lord {;ranville and Lord Derby is obvious from the following passage in the charge of the right rev, Prelate: "The whofe difference between them was, that Lord Derby would grant salaries to the masters, or rather, as he explained himself, an allowance for the actual progress ef the ssholars, founded upon the report of the inspector. He agreed with Lord Granville in refusing building grants to such schools, and Lord GranNille agreed with him in giving them books, school requisites, inspections, and the use of a training school. The only advantage that Lord Derby pro posed to give wshich Lord Granviite refused was, as I said, the money grants for teachers' salaries." Such, in effect, is the object of my motion. I respectfully solicit your acquiescence in an address to the Crovw with a view to obtain such a modiHication of the present educational system in Ireland as will enable members of the established church to obtain out of the public funds, to which they themselves contribute, some endowment in aid of the good work which for years they have been carrying on v,ith most commendable zeal and earnestness, and, let me add, in a manner more consonant with your own feelings and principles than is customary with the National Board itself. The appeal is ighteous in principle and I venture to assert that it ought to be granted. (Hear, hear.) Time and the interests of the cause I advocate alike admonish me not to trespass too long on your attention. I wvill not spoil the force of a plain statement of facts and reasons by adding any further recommendations to what I believe to be intrinsically just. Sedulously avoiding aU appeals to passion and prejudice, I am content to present my case to you on its merits. (Hear, hear.) I have observed that the House is never unwvilling to do an act of justice. The opportunity has now arisen, and, with full reliance on its integrity of purpose, I submit for its approval the resolution which stands inmy name. The right hon. gentleman concluded, amid loud cheers, by moving- "That a humble address be presented to aer Majesty, praying that Her Majesty will he graciouslypleased to direct that such modification may be made in the rules of the national system of education in Ireland as will extend the advantages now enjoyed by non-vested schools to any other than vested schools now existing, or hereafter to be established, whatever their regulations may be as to the mode of religious instruction; provided that no children shall he compelled to learn any catechism, crecd, or formulary to w,hich any parent or guardian may object; and provided that the patrons shall he willing to place such school3 in connexion with the board, to permit the board's control aver books to be used in general instruction, and to receive afficialy the visits of the Government inspectors." Sir W. HEATHCOTE seconded the motion, and, after axpressing his admiration of the signal ability as well as the sxcellent tone of feeling by which the speech of the right hon. gentleman was distinbuished, observed that even the tmendmaent of which notice had been given by the honnember for Louth (Mr. Kennedy) warranted the hope that ;ood would result from the present discussion, inasmuch as t was conceived in a spirit of moderation and fairness, vhich proved thatthose whose views it interpreted were actuLted by no sentiment of hostility towards the original proposi;ion, but merely desired that due precautions should be aken against a possible abuse. (Hear.) The motion of his ight hon. friend (Mr. Walpole) deserved the approval of hose who weremost favourably disposedtowards the national ystem of education (hear, hear), for it would conciliate oowards that systenm no less a body than the clergy and aity of the established church in Ireland, and bring under be control of theNational Board nearly 2,000 schools which vere at present beyond its jurisdiction. (Hear, hear.) The ;wo objections that had been urged against the proposal were nutually destructive. It was apprehended that it might break Ip the practice of united education in Ireland, and that it night tend to proselytism. The two evils could not co-exist. If the schools were separated there would be no opportunity Af proselytism (hear), and proselytism implied union. But in truth these fears were visionary. The union of religions in the national schools was rather theoretic than practical. Generally speaking, the Presbyterians and the Roman Catholics had each their separate schools, and there was no great union of education even in Ulster. The motion under consideration was directed to correct that anomaly, and to enable the National Board to repair its own defects and cover ground on which at present it could not set foot. It was little to the purpose now to inquire into the origin of the objection entertained by the clergy of the established church to the national system. Suffice it to say that the scruple stiU prevailed, and that 20 yfears' persistency had attested its conscientiousness. The right hon. gentleman had not pressed for the adoption of the English system of distributing the grants among the different denominations of religion; all he asked was that, following out the existing plan, the Irish church should be admitted to a fair share of the funds of the State. The reports of the commissioners showed that the board itself had Lfelt it to be its duty to establish rival schools side by side with the national schools, on the ground that the latter must be more or less denominational; and recent events proved the extreme difficulty experienced in maintaining the united and mixed schools, a difficulty that was increasing every day with the increased earnestness of all religious sects, whether Roman Catholics or Protestants. It u-as to be hoped, therefore, that the present favourable opportunity would not be lost of conciliating the opposition of those who conscientiously held aloof from the hoard, and of bringing within the same arrangements as applied to the rest of the country a class of schools which were to be counted by the thousand, and their scholars by tens of thousands. The House should above all remember that this motion wag an attempt to remove a crying injustice, which irritated many and benefitted none, and tended to keep alive and inflame the unhappy differences that prevailed in Ireland. (Hear, hear.) 3Mr. KENNEDY, while cordiaUy joining in the tribute that had been paid to the right hon. gentleman for the admirable temper with which he had introduced this ouestion must take serious exception to the motion that he had submitted to the House. That motion sought to overturn a s3 stem of education which had hitherto worked most successfully in Ireland, and to impair a precious boon-it might be said the only boon-which that country had ever received at the hands of England. This would be the necessary result of introducing, as was now proposed, the apple of religious discord into the national schools. What was the pretext for interfering with theuniform and progressive operation ofo,0Oschools, or three-fourths of the whole number e.xisting ? It was alleged that sufficient opportunities for the inculcLtion of the religious tenets of the patrons of the schools were not afforded under the present system. Yet, according to the rules of the commissioners, four hours per diem were the extreme limit insisted on for secular instruction; and the patron might use the school for any purpose that he chose during the rest of the day, provided that he gave no room for the suspicion of designs of proselytism. The adoption of the views of the right hon. gentleman would revive all those bickerings, jealousies, and seartburnings which the present system was framed to prevent, and would drive away three-fourths of the ordinary ittendants at the national schools. On behalf of what denomination did the right hon. gentleman make his nppeal? The established 'church in Ireland already bad ample means for supplying religious instruction to the poor. The evidence taken 'before the committee of the House of Lords in 1854 showed that the number of school patrons connected with the established church was 606; the number of schools presided over by Presbyterian patrons, 687; the schools of other Protestant Dissenters, 33; and those of the Roman Catholic body, 3,077. Didthe establishedchurch receive less than its fair share of State support in proportion to the population? The census returns of T835 furnished the only available data for testingthis matter. Even making a large abatement for the changes of proportion which had occurred since that time the unfairness was still apparent. The Roman Catholics had 3,077 schools while, according to the census of lS35, their proportion should be 3,561, showing that they wero now 500 schools short of their right number. The estSalished church, which had MGO schools, should, according to the census, have had only 500. The active Presbyterians had 687 schools, while their fair propcortion was 307. If the established church had been equally as active they might have had a larger share of the grant, but be had shown that at present they bad more than their just share, and upon that he took his stand. _The two Royal commissions of 812 and 1824. and theParliamentaryCommittee of 1828 had alike reported that any system of education to be established in Ireland must be based upon tho principle of perfect non-interference with the religious tenets of the various denominations; but the resolutions now proposed were completely at variance with that principle. These resolutions, if carried out, would prevent any child from r- ceiving secular education without being subjected to,the religious schemes of the patron. In fact,itvwasproposed, in order to meet the case of oneeighth of the population, to inflict an injustice upon the remaining seven-eighths. If a proselytising system wereintroducedinto one-eighth of the schools its influence would soon extend to the remainder of the schools. Upon a former occasion when this subject had beon mooted he had pointed out what he believed to be a remedy for the grievance complained of. At present all the erpenses of head-qusriers, staffs, inspectors, schoolrooms, &c., were incurred, and all that was necessary to meet the evil which was complained of was to provide schoolrooms in which religious education conid be imparted at any time. The amount of time now devoted to religious teaching was very limited; in one large diocesan school he found 10 minutes each day and two hours on Saturday were the only periods at which the pupils received any religious instruction, and in that respect bethought an improvement might be effected. It had been suggested to him by several hoa. members who preferred to meet the motion by a direct negative that it would be advisable not to press the amendment of which ho had given notico. Acting upon that sngestion, although his amendment strictly represented 'is own views upon the subject, he would not noFw press it upon the attention of the House. hr. HORSMAhN regretted that he was compelled to disappoint the hopes of the hon. member for the University of Oxford (Sir W. Ieathcote) by offering opposition to the resolutions proposed by the right hon. and learned gent1q, maL=. He quite agreed with all that had been siad of the earnestness, the ability, and the modoration of that ight hon. gentleman, but there was such a difference of principle' and policy between that right hon. member and Her MAjesty's Government that they could not assent to the resolutions proposed, the consequences of ,vhich, if adopted, would, he was convinced, be highly detrimental to the public interests and the cause of education as well as prejudicial to the tranquility of Ireland. HIs right hon. friend said he had shown the House that this system had fa£1ed in accomplishing the obiocts for which it was designed; that it was not a united system; that his motion, if carried, would be a prelude to the concord and tranquility of Ireland; and that his object was to render the reading of the Scriptures permissiTe to the Protestants. Now, he (Hr. Horsman) thought, on the contrary, he could show that the present system had succeeded; that, as far as circumstances admitted, and as far as reasonable expectations could be formed on the subject, it had completely succeeded as a united system; that his right hon. friend's motion would be a prelude to discord; and that the effect of the motion, if carried, would be to render the reading of the Bible compulsory upon the Roman Catholics. (Hear, hear.) His right hon. friend had cited authorities to show that the system upon wvhich they had been hitherto acting, if it was not altogether a failure, must at all events be considerably relaxed. He (Mr. Horsman) would cite authorities of greater weight to show that that system ought not to be relaxed. In one point he certainly agreed, and he thought the House generaUy would agree, with his right hon friend that religion should be the basis of education in Ireland. But his right hon. friend had failed to show by any evidence whatever that religion did not enter very largely into the system of instraction given throughout aU the,national_schools in that country. The great point of difference between his right hon. friend and himself was as to what realy constituted the fmndamental principles of the national systen of education; and, in order to show what that fundamental principle realy was, he would not refer to the circumstances of the present year, but he would go further back and would show what our past experience had been and what were the grounds tpon which the present system rested. Now, it had been acknowledged through many successive reigns, and the principle had been perpetuaUy affirmed by the Legislature, that the education of the Irish people should be a national concern, but, at the same time, the ignorance of the Irish people had been constantly attributed to their religion, and it was always believed that their conversion from their religion was a necessary preliminary to their receiving the blessines of education. So strongly was ;bhis principle maintained, that schools taught by Roman Catholics were put down by act of Parliament, and Roman Catholics were subject to heavy penalties if they continued to teach in schocls. (Hear, hear.) This having been the principle upon which Parliament acted through successive reigns, it resulted that education in Ireland was in a most lamentable state. At the beginning of the present century the schools of Ireland were the hotbeds of vice, immorality, and disloyalty, and the condition of education was such that Royal commissions and Parliamentary committees were appointed one after another to investigate the cause and suggest the remedy. Every one of these commissions and committees traced the evil to the same source and suggested the same remedy. They said, " You don't endeavour to extirpate ignorance so much as to extirpate Popery, and therefore it results that the great mass of the Irish people stand aloof from your schools because they believe them to be either secret traps or open assaults upon their religion." (Hear, hear.) Now, he begged the House to see how strongly and now untuistalceably public men who were mos; adverse to the Roman Catholcs expressed their conviction on this point. He would only now allude to what had occurred in the course of the preseut century. In 106 a Royal commission was issued, the final report of which was given in 1812. At the head of that commssion was the Archbishop of Armagh; and upon it were also the Archbishop of .ashel, the Protestant Bishop of Killaloe, Mr. Isaac Corry, Chancellor of the Irish Exchequer; the Pro vost of Trinity College, Dublin; Mr. Richard Lovell Edgeworth, MI-. J. Whitehorn, and Mr. J. L. Forster, MP. for Dublin county. Every one of those gentlemen, except Mr. Edgeworth, was opposed to any concession of the 1Loman Catholic claims. Two of them were archbishops of the Protestant church; another was a prelate of that church; and they reported in the year 1812, long before any concession to the Roman Catbolic claims was dreamt of. What was their report? They said:- " That, no plan of education, however wisely and unexceptionably contrived in other respects, can be carried into effectual operation, unless it be explicitly avowed and clearly understood as its leading principle that no attempt shall be made to influence or disturb the peculiar religious tenets of any sect or denomination of Christians." Now, here was a public acknowledgment, on the part of these distinguished opponenlts of the Catholics, of a great national error; they thought, for the sake of the public safety and of the improvement and tranquillity of Ireland, that a new principle should be established as the basis of our education, and that ' no attempt should be made to influence or disturb the peculiar religious tenets of any denomination of Christians." (Hear, hear.) A second Royal commission was appointed in 1824, and that commission after 16 years' experience, reported in these termis:- "'hat, in a country where mutual divisions existbetween different classes of the people, schools should be established fcr the purpose of giving to the children of all religious persuasions such useful instruction as they may severally be capable and desirous of receiving, without having any ground to apprehend any interference with their respective religious principles." These were the opinions and this was the advice of the two Royal commissions. A committee of the House of Commons followed in 1828. The reports of the commissioners were referred to that committee, and they expressed their conviction that no system of education would be expedient in Ireland which was calculated " to influence or disturb the peculiar religious tenets of any sect or denomination of Cbristians," thus adoptiing the very words of the commission of 1812. Then, in 1830, just previous to the adoption of the system, there was another Parliamentary committee which recommended:- " That no further time be lost in giving the public the benefit of the experience and long protracted inquiries before the Royal commission of 1806 and 1825, and the practical recommendations of the committee of 1828." This was the fourth report, the last and most urgent of all, desiring that no further time should be lost in acting upon what they believed to be the only sound or successfiu principle that could be adopted with regard toeducation in Ireland-naniely, the principle of non-interference with the religious opinions of the people. Was Parliament now to pronounce the opinions of these committees and commis sions to be wrong, and to declare that a system of education in Ireland, to be successful, must endeavour to interfer:s with the religious convictions of the great mass of the population? If they were not prepared to do this, then he thou-ht he could show that the HIouse ought not to assen, to tbe motion of his right hon. friend; for, if thev did assent to it-if they adopted the principles o' the Church Education Society, he believed they would b; declaring in effect that, in the Irish system of education, it was right and advisable to interfere with the religious persuasions of those who differed from the national church H4is right hon. friend had referred to the Kildare-plac: Society, which subscribed to the very words of the commission of 1812, laying down the condition that they would not interfere with the religions tenets of any of the children wvho came to their schools. That society failed. It failed because it could not and did not acquire the confdence of those whose confidence was necessary to its success; hut in what respect was the Church Education Society likely to be more successful? What was the difference between these two societies? The difference was very considerable, but, as far as acquiring the confidence of the great mass of the population of Ireland was concerned, that difference appeared to hint to be in favour of the Kildare-place Society. Tvhat society in the first place subscribed to the pledge he bad mentioned-that they would not interfere with the religious tenets of the children who came to their schools. No such pledge, however, had been given, nor would it be given, by the Church Education Society. The Kildare-place Society asked no questions as to the religion of the teachers; in the Church Education Society all the teachers were of the established church. The Kildarelace Soeciety allowed the Scriptures to be read either in the Douay version or the authorized version, without note or comment; the Church Education Society only allowed one version of the Scriptures to be used. The Kildare-place Society did not allow the Catechism or formularies of the established church; the Church Edueation Society did. Notwithstanding, then, that of the two plans the Kildare-place Society was the more likely to be acceptable to the Roman Catholics, it was given up; and instead of it the Government, acting upon the recommendation of the commission, determnined to institute the system whuch was established in 18.33. Before referring to Lord Stanley's language upon this question he (Mr. Horsman) begged the House to observe that the fundamental principle of the system which was then established was, that no attempt should be made in any way to interfere with the religious creed of any of the children. (Hear, hear.) Lord Stanley founded his system upon the repDrt of the commission of 1812, and acting upon the experience which he had before him in that report he said in his letter to the Duke of Leinster: "The commissioners in 1812 recommended the appointment of a board of this description to enprintend a system of education, from which should bebanished even the suspicion of proselytism." (hoar, hear) ;-thus adopting that principle which had been recommended by the commissioners as the only principle upon which national education m Ireland could be carried out, (Hear, hear.) Lord Stanley further explained the system in answer to a deputation from the Synod of Ulster. They had asked him whether the Bible was to be used in the schools, because from the very earliest moment they had been extremely sensitive upon that point; and his answer was "But there is not (nor ever was) any obiection to the reading of the Scriptures, or the giving of any other religious instruction on days and hours specified by the local patrons to those children whose parents choose that they should attend. Those days and hours, however, must be specified in order to remove from the mind of the Roman Catholic parent the possibility of a suspicion that his children may be influenced to join in studies of which he does not approve." The House would observe how Lord Stanley's language gathered strongth as he proceeded and acquired more knowedge of the subject, Again, in a letter to the Dean of St. Patrick, Lord Stanley thus stated the object and aim of the system. Hec eaid: "Theoobjects are-irst, to diminishtho violence of reliilous animosities, by the association of Protestant and lna n Cathollo children in a system of educatinu in which
TO THE EDITOR OF WM TTIMRt- ir,-In youlr report of what fell from me last night, when opposing the VOte for a footbridge across the water in St. James's Park two remarks are erroneously attributed to me -the one affecting tke late Sir W. Molesworth, the other affecting myself. I am reported to have cited the proposed new Pedestal for the statue of Charles I. as an instance of want of taste and judgment on the part of the First Commissioner of Works. This is a mistake. I cited it as an instance of want of taste and judgment in the department only. Sir W. MIolesworth was then First Commissioner. He, in proposing the vote of 1,0001. for a new pedestal, acted, no doubt, on the report of those who led him to believe that the old one, by Grinling Gibbons, was in an unsafe condition; but, when subsequently it was represented to him that it might easily be repaired, he caused inquiry to be made which led to the saving of Gibbons's pedestal and of the 1,000l. The other error in the report is where I am stated to have said, " Even our most remarkable buildings have nothing but their almost unequalled vastness to recommend them." What I did say was, " that, with the exception of a few remarkable buildings, the metropolis had nothing but its, in our time, unequalled vastness to recommend it." Trusting that your courtesy will, in justice to the late Sir W. Molesworth and myself, find a place in your paper for the foregoing explanation, I remain. Sir. vour nhed1iFnn r - iEbO. St. Jameses-place, June 17.
PARLIAMENTARjY NOTICES. HOUSE OF CoMMfOm W AV T 1R - ORDYMS OF TE DA1Y. wcuings ior Lanouring iUlasses {Ireland) Bhli-Committee. Poor Law (Ireland) Bill-Second reading. Registration of Leases (Scotland) Bill-Committee. Scientific and Literary Societies Bill-Committee. Procedure before joustices (Scotland) Bill-Second reading. Rating of Mlines Bill-Secondreading. Joint Stock Banks Bill-Adjourned debate on geing into com. mnittee. Diseenters' Marriages Bill-As amended, to be considered. Advowsons Bill-Committee. Tithe Commutation Rent-charge Bill-Committee. Supply-Cornrnsttee. Ways and Means-Committee. Stock in Trade Exemption Bill-Committee. Gaols, &c., Bill-Second reading. Peace Preservation Ireland) Bill-As amended, to be considered. Judges aDd Chancellors Bill,-econd r.eading. Survey of Great Britain, &c, BilU, - Third reading. NOTICES os corrTosN. Major Reed,-To ask thro hon. member for Invernessshire whether, utter the discussion which las already taken place and the opinions generally expressed as to the inexpediency of discussing (pionding negotiations betwveen this country aud the United States) any question connected with the differences unfortunately existing between the two countries, he still intends to bring forward his motion on Thurday next. MEr. W. Ewart.-Address for returns of the names, with their rank and regiment (or corps), of all officers of the army who remained in tb. Crimea from the fmrst landing there till the end of the war; of the names, rank, and regiment (or corps) of those who so remained, with the exception of an interval of absence, stating such interval ; of the names rank-, and regiment (or corpel of those who, arriving at any Period after the first landing, remained tilU the end of the war, with the date of their arrival; asd, of the names, rank, regiment (or corps) of all those who left the Crimea before the end of the war, with the date of their arriyal and departure, and the causes of such departure. Mlr. Vance,-On motion for going into committee on Joint-Stock Banks BilL to move that this Hous will, upon this day six months, resolve itself into the said committee.
ITALLI LIThRATui.-Yesterday afternoon Signor Arrivabene, the Professor of Italian at University College, delivered a short lecture on the genius of Dante, illustrating his subject by reading the two most celebrated episodes of the Divina Commnendia. After a few introductory remarks on the kindness shown by the English nation to Italian refugees, he briefly descanted on the peculiarities of his author,-such as his abstinence from long description, the unity and comprehensiveness of his plan, his freedom from the superstitions of his age, and his reverence for the Papal institution, coupled -with abhorrence for the vices of individual Popes. Signor Anrivabene also touched upon the inDluence which Dante had exercised over the minds and the arts of Italy, alluding to the professorial chairs which had been founded for the exposition of the " Conzmedia " immediately after the poet's death, and his intimacy with the painter Giotto. However, the limited time allotted to his lecture forced him to confine himself to generalities in treating these largo topics, and by far the most interesting portion of the hou's instruction consisted of the "rzeadings." These included the whole fifth canto of the Infcrno, which, we need scarcely say, sets forth the conversation with Minos, and the fate of those peculiar sinners "Che la ragion sommettere al talento," especially the world-renowned Francesca da Rimini., and those pDr-- tions of the 32d and .33d cantos that contain the episode of Count Ugolino. The wonderful passages from the great father of modern poetry were read with great taste and spiit by Signor Arrivabene, who, though he did not attempt to act the personages of the narrative, gave fiul expression to all the sentiments of the poet. A second discourse, which will be given to-morrow (Thursday), will have immediate reference to the engagement of 3ladame Ristori, and will be devoted chiefly to the Italian stage, with illustrations from the Filippo, Sal, and Ottavia of Atliet, and a poem by the modern pnoet, G. Prati. The room assigned for the lectures is the DudleyGallery of the Egyptian Hall, the use of which has been kindly granted by Lord Ward. Yesterday it wasdenselyflled by a mosS select audience. ExEounox oF PALTER.-Amid the gossip which this awful event caused yesterday in this city a strange piece of news got into circulation, owing to a mistake in one of the Dublin papers, by which the concluding sentence of the speech of tho Emperor of the French was put into the mouth of the wretched Palmer. He was made to say, "I know that one of the best means to deserve it is to testify aU my veneration for the Holy Father, who is tho representative of Christ upon earth."-Corlk Exansincr-. [It wasA stated a fewv days ago in some of the Irish journals that prayers had been offered up in all the Roman Catholia churches for the conversion of Palmer, and no doubt many simple-minded people who may read the foregoing version of the culprit's execution wiU insist upon the efficacy of such prayes, and maintain that he died a faithful subject of the ail Fter.] REDEMPnON or FIIEFDITARY PENSIONS.-It appears that in the year ended the 31st of March, 1.SSG, a pension of 9,0001. perannum (reduced to7,1911.) received by the Duke of Grafton, and one of 1,0001. (reduced to 7201.) received by a Mr. C. Eyre, were redeemed at amounts of 193,1771. and 19,3991. They were charged on the Excise and the Post-office, having been originally conferred by letters patent of Charles ff. and George I. on the Earl of Southampton, &c. and the Duke of Schomberg. The redemption money was calculated at 2G 945 years' purchase of the net pensions. There are still seven pensions, amounting altogether to 22,130l., chargeable on the Inland, Land, and Post-office revenues. Earl Cowper, the recipient of a pension of 2,0001., payable from the Inland revenue, was willing to sell it for a present payment of 43,0001., and the Lords of the Treasury appear to have acquiesced in the proposaL
LONDO0, WE:DNESDAY, JUE 1856. The House of Lords sat only for a siort time last inight, and adjoumned after forwarding several bills a stage. In the House of Commons, at the morning sitting, on-the order for going into ComitteeuponthePeace Preservation (Ireland) Bill, Mr. MIMAirox moved to defer the committee for three months. After some discussion, tlis motion was negatived, and the House went into committee upon the bill, the clauses of which were agreed to, with amend, ments, one of which limited the dulration of the bill to two years. M1r. Hoitsmr., in moving the second reading of the Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Bill, explained its object, which was to amend the acts relating to lunatic asylums in Ireland, to vest all the higher appointments therein in the Los D-LurTExA--r, and the minor appointments in the governors. After a brief debate, the bill was read a second time. The Grand Juries Bill was read a third time, and passed. In the evening, 3Ir. WALPOLE moved an addressto HEPn AruTm-, praying that Hun MAs.sTyr will be pleased to direct that such modifications may be made in the rules of the national system of education in Ireland as will extend the advantages now enjoyed by non-vested schools to any other than vested schools now existing, or hereafter to be established, w-hatever their regulations may be as to the mode of religious instruction; provided that no children shall be compelled to learn any catechism, creed, or formulary to which any parent or guardian umay object; and provided that the patrons shall be willing to place such schools in connexion with the Board, to permit the Board's control over books to be used in general instruction, and to receive officially the visits of the Government Inspectors. He asked the House to assent to this address, and rested his case, h, said, upon principles to which the House had agreed. He appealed on behalf of persons who were the only class precluded, in opposition to those principles, from receiving a portion of a grant of public money for a national purpose. In their case alone private efforts were totally unaided by the public grant in which all other classes participated; although Parliament had agreed that the fund should be administered with an even hand, and given to all or to none, it was given to all except one. Parliament had, moreover, acknowledged that education, to be worth anything, must be based upon religion, whereas the only reason why the Church schools in Ireland were not allowed to partake of the grant was because they required that, in carrying on the great purpose of education, the Scriptures shouldnot be excluded from their teaching. The only objection he couald anticipate was, he said, that his object would destroy the combined system of educationinIreland; but he proceeded to show that this combined system divd not, in fact, exist in the NSational non-vested schools,which were almost entirely secular, and that, on the contrary, the combined system did exist in the Church schools. In carrying on the great work of education, while respect was properly paid to the conscientious convictions of lloman Catholics, the same respect, he insisted, should be shown to the conscientious convictions of other classes, Whathe proposed was, not to interfere with the vested schools, and, with respect to the non-vested schools, he did not propose any alterations that would deprive the Presbyterians or others of any advantages they nowr enjoyed; but he askedthat such modifications might be extended to these non-vested schools as would enabe members of the Church of Ireland to educate their children there in their own way, under certain conditions. The motion was seconded by Sir W. EHxaxcorE, who observed that its object was little more than to enable the National Board to cover ground in Ireland upon which it could not at present set its foot, while it would get rid of a crying injustice, which irritated many and benefited none. M1r. Kmu.-nD opposed the motion, -which, if adopted, would, he said, overturn a system that was working satisfactorily, and revive religious discord in Ireland, for the salke of one-seventh or one-eighth of the schools. Ifr. HonssAw likewise resisted the motion, undertaking to show that it would be highly detrimental to the national interests, to the cause of education, and to the public peace in Ireland. He agreed with Mr. WAssoLE that religion should be the basis of education in Leland; he differea from him when he supposed that religion did not enter very largely into the instruction given in the iNational schools. Royal commissions and Parliamentary committees had declared that no plan of education could he effectual in Ireland unless it was wel and clearly understood that no attempt would be made to influence or disturb the peculiar religioustenets of any sect or denomination. Was the House nowprepared to say, he asked, that a system of education which involved such interference would be successful? If not, they could not adopt this motion, which declared, in effect, that it was advisable to interfere with religious tenets, and viola;ed the fundamental principle upon which the National system of education in Ireland was founded. This system had been embraced by nine-tenths of the population, and was rejected by only a part of the clergy and laity of the Established Church, who thereby excluded themselves from the grant. Since 1833, when the National system commenced, the number of its schools and pupils had increased yearly, numbering in 1854 5,178 schools and 551,000 scholar3, comprehending children of all denominations, who associated in harmony, as if they had been all of one creed; and, although there were 20,000 teachers, there hadbeen no religious squabbles, and it had not been alleged that there was a single case of proselytism. He contrasted the rules of the National Board with those of the Church Ed acation Society with respect to religious instruction, and deduced from the falling off of the society's schools the conclusion that they were unpopular, because the society acted upon the false principle of endeavouring to make converts. He appealed to the testimony of eminent public men, who had been opponents of the National system, in commendation of its practical operation, and to the emphaftc declarations of Lord DERBY, when in power, and of Lord EGLINTOUN, against such a change as was now sought to be made in the system. He could not, he said, reconcile M1r.WALPOLE7S conduct, in his present course, with, his presumed opinions upon this question as a member of Lord DFRBY's Cabinet in 1852. He denied that the united system had failed ; even supposing it had failed as a united system, the first object was to give a good secular education; but he adduced evidence showing that a very large proportion of the schools were united schools. The system had failed only in conciliating a part of the clergy of theEstablished Church of Ireland,who had set themselves in hostility to it and to the Legialature; and who, to the regret of manv of their friends, called for a relaxation of it by the adoption of a plan repeatedly condemned, and which was regugnant to the principle of perfect religious free- om. MIr. G. A. HAMITON supported the motion, w1rhich, he thoug,ht, would have the effect of settling this question, by removing a senso of injustice which prevailed among Protestants inIreland, andrendering the system, which it would supplement, not subvert, efficient by enabling all parties to avail themselves of it. He readstatements showing that in certain counties, while the number of National schools had increased, theree wasan increase of ignorance among the male population. It had been adcitted that education should be based upon religion; for this purpose religion must be taught in the schools, and the Bible should be in a Protestant State held out as containing the revealed will of GOD. The National system, however, did not do this, but ignored this principle, and was therefore defective. Mr. H. H-UGES opposed the motion, and spoke in favour of the system of the National Board, which had won, he said, the confidence of the people. M1r. NArErs observed that the scheme of the National system was an experiment; but under it a national education was not obtained, andc 7Ir. WAroLs asked that the systemshould be extended. The motion did not propose to add any restrictions; it would remove restrictions, so as to include other schools and mnake the system a reaRly national one. He asked that the same prnciple might be applied to the Protestants of Ireland as had been applied in England, and even in India, where no exclusive condition was attached to educational grants. The Church Education Society, under the present rules, were placed in a worse position than any other religious class in Ireland; whereas they ought to be in as good a position as their brethren of the Church of England. - MIr. DE&sy said he had failed to appreciate tthe injustice complained of by Mr. WAtroTs, who
If we did not live in an age and in a country which seem to have adopted as their maxinm the rule " That nothing bad should be mended," we night feel a little surprised that we submit as readily as we do to the glaring and notorious-we had almost said, the incredible and outrageous-inefficiency of our diplomatic service. Much as we have had occasion to remark during the last two years upon the incapacity of different public departments, there is nothing, we apprehend, which will bear a moment's comparison wNith the state of that service to which we must look principally to maintain the honour, assert the interests, and suppoort the dignity of the country. Let us consider 'vhat our diplomatists have done of late years, and -what they have not. WVe need, unhappily, no very protracted retrospect. WVithin the last ten years we have been obliged to submit to more insults, to pocket more affronts, to make more zpologies, to admit more errors, than any other nation in a century. WVithin that period we have zeen Sir Rxx-RV BuLwER ignominiously expelled from Spain and MIr. CRAMrrpTox civilly dismissed from America; we have made every species of blunder, floundered into every species of scrape, and got out of them as ill as -we got into them. Our representatives were parties to the preparation of a note at Vienna 'which, intending to coerce the aspiring genius of Russia, really gave her all she wanted; and, after one of our ambassadors had thus done his part, another completed the imbroglio by forcing Russia into war at the very moment when our Governmnent was earnestly pressing upon her the necessity of remaining at peace. What a picture has Mr. CRA-rPT&N dravwn of himself! Two mighty nations are on the eve of a quarrel, perhaps of a war. Neither will recede a step. Each confronts the other with invincible pride, and the world trembles for the result. A sudden thought -strikes an able and conscientious Minister, "What " if we refer the matter to arbitration 9" No sooner said than done; a despatch is written and Ithe offer made; but the despatch might as well have been unwritten and the offer iumade, for !NIr. CRui rroN cannot take the trouble to read, the despatch through to the end. " Some he reads " and some he sklips," as they say at school; but, unfortunately, that which he skips is the last expedient, except his own disgrace, that remained flor preserving two continents and t-wo oceans from the sconrge of an internecine war. Take another instance. WVe wish to recruit in America without infringing her laws; all that was needed was publicity; at least, all that could be done 'with safety or propriety; and our diplomatist contrives matters so ill that, as it now- appears, the distribution of money for the puToses of enlistment is actually traced to his hands. These things our diplomacy can do ;-let us now see what it cannot. It can occupy in quiet times a number -of lucrative and honourable posts, but the moment the day of pressure comes it cannot produce us a man fit for the emergency. We needed a MEnister discreet and courteous. shrewd and vigilant, to represent us in St. Petersburg, and trample out with a firm and wary step hle still glowing embers of a conflagration but half extinguished. WVe wanted a man fitted for a great task. Wie sought him, and, we hope, have found him, but not in the diplomatic service. We wanted a man 12 years ago to put an end to our discord with America, and we found him, not among our diplomatists, but among our merchants, and so the mission was successfiul. WVe may say, without overweening national pride, that oturdiplomatic representatives neither represent the steady good sense nor the manly independence of the English character. Accredited to Sovereigns with whose notions of government and policy our nation has but an imperfect sympathy, they seem -to Inow no meciuim between a humiliating compliance and a servile adulation, which neutralize our influence and degrade our national position, or surly opposition and boisterous remonstrance, which give deep and well-merited offence, and involve us in quarrels not our own. Add to this that to Parliament our diplomatists are virtually irTesponsible. 'Whatever they do, their chief is bound in honour to protect them, and the Government of the day must assume the responsibility for acts which it never authorized or approved. :Nor can these grievous and notorious miscarriages be fairly laid to the fault of the EnglEsh nation. The Envoys of Russia or the United States must constantly find themselves involved in difficulties not o' their own creation, for they serve Governments rejoicingin a " manifest destiny," and therefore not a little likely to come into violent collision with the feelings .and interests of their neighbours. But the English diplomatist should have a far easier task, for he represents a people animated by the most sincere and unaffected desire to live in peace and goodwill with all men, strong without the wish for aggression, and pacific without the imputation of weakness. Surely, with all these advantages, we are not unreasonable in expecting from British diplomacy far mnore than it has hitherto accomplished, and classing BMnisters who can involve such a people as ours in endless difficulties and disputes with those Generals who can lead such soldiers as ours to repuIlse, failure, and disaster. If there were any lhope of procuring any substantial amendment in this matter we might indulge in speculations how the diplomatic service might be improved and rendered a little more like what a profession shouldI be so splendidly remunerated and so deeply trusted. In the utter prostration of the reforming spirit, however, we find it much easier to say how we can makle the most of the materials we have, and how we can create a sifficiency of energy and vigilance, greatly and permanently to improve those materials. The principle, then, which we would suggest would be to use ordinary men for ordinary occasions, and employ extraordinary persons for extraordinary emergencies. The common business of a mission can just as well be done by a common-place Charge dXAfiaires as by a first-rate politician, who is, indeed, unless very superior to the prejudices and propensities of his class, rather apt to cut out worlk for himself; But when au emergency really does arise the very worst person to exercise a preponderating influence at a foreign Court is the man in the complete knowledge of whose weaknesses, foibles, and personalities the representative character is lost, and the personal friend or acquaintance alone remains. Had we sent one of our ablest public men to negotiate with America the moment matters became serious, is it not reasonable to suppose that we might have spoken with more weight, and succeeded in making for ourselves better terms than those we have been obliged to submit to? If Mr. GLADsTOxE could replace Sir WirL.At TE3rPLE for a fortnight at Naples, might he not plead on behalf of PoEnLo with more weight and more success than our present Envoy; and is it not conceivable that a greater influence could be wielded at the Court of Tuscany than that exerted with such uniform ill success by our present representative ? The only way to make the system tolerable is to treat it as what it has proved itself to be-atterly unequal to deal with difficulties, and to supply its manifest defects by the clumsy but effective remedy we have ventured to suggest.
TIr. MARCYS letter to lIr. DAra.Ls on the Central American question will not immeediately satisfy those who expect to find in it the compensation we are to have for the step announced in the other document,-who wish to regard the despatch on the Central American question as counterbalancing the despatch on the recruiting question, and to see in the acceptance of oiur offer of arbitration on the former point a set-off to the dismissal of Mr. CprAaTrow in connexion with the latter. It must indeed be frankly confessed that MIr. 1Rcy's despatch on the Central American question is, at first sight, a rather perplexing document, and that it is not easy to know what to make of it. The offer of arbitration is accepted, but it is accepted w.ith such qualifications and reserves that the acceptance appears at first to be greatly neutralized. An ordinary reader will be very likely to go away with the idea that wlhat the American document means is, that they accept the offer of an arbitration with this understanding, that if the decision of the arbiter is in their favour they wil submit to it, but that if it is against them they will not. On such an important and very complicated question, however, as the Central American one, and at such a critical juncture as the present, it will be only justice to the subject to describe as fully as possible what the nature of the American concession is, and in what sense and how far they accede to our proposal of arbitration. The whole of this complicated dispute relating to Central America hinges upon two main ques tions; one is a question of 1Yroperty,-to whom do the Bay Islands belong,-to Honduras or to England? The other is a question of the interpretation of a treaty-the CrL mox-Bumynn treaty. Now, with respect to the first question, it can readily be imagined that the title to this or that small island in a remote part of the Atlantic may not be quite so fixed or so absolute and ascertained a thing as a title to a house in Cheapside or Piccadilly. The seas of the New World have been up to a comparatively recent time the sphere of adventure, musettled occupation, irregular tenure, and general experimentizing and trial of new homes and residences. Such and such an island looks pleasant enougl; it has good harbours, good timber, a good soil. "Shall we go and live there? By all " means; there appears no objection; the place is " empty, and we might as well have the benefit " of it." A party of Britishers accordingly occupy the island-it maybe Ruatan or any other-and malke themselves comfortable there. A new map is published in this country in the course of three or four years from this time, and the island is marked red or blue, as may be, to indicate that it is occupied by British residents, and is considered to be a British island. But, years after the act of occupation, and after the Geographer Royal has painted the island red or blue in his map, it comes out that a neighbouring kingdom or repubEc on the mainland always considered this island to be its property. And now begins the dispute. " That island is mine," says Honcluras. " How was I to fmd out that?" retorts the Britisher. " All I can say is, it was " empty when I came there. Why don't you " occupy your island, if it is yours? No, if "possession is nine-tenths of the law in the Old "lorld, it is pretty nearly the whole of the law "in the New." Now, these are the sort of premisses on which the territorial dispute as to the proprietorship of the Bay Islands turns. The dispute is rather like one of those common disputes about seats at a concert or a play, at least before the present systematic days of numbered tickets. A man takes a seat, and leaves it for a minute or two. On coming back he finds it occupied, and says, "That is my seat." " It's mine," says the interloper, " there was no one here when I came." It is evident that people may wrangle for ever about such questions of proprietorship. Urgent necessity generaly settles them speedily in point of fact, but the abstract question of right could be argued by lawyers for an immense time, if they were paid for it. It must, indeed, frankly be confessed that our sea captains, glorious fellows as they are, have sometimes entertained, as they cruised or roamed on these pathless seas, not very fixed and accurate ideas on the subject of territorial title-deeds, which have had occasionally to be corrected by the Government at home; and the scholar, in coming across their proceedings, is sometimes carried back to his Hero - dotus again, and to the age in which GAr-ucus, the son of Douus, the fifth in descent from ERmicLnES, would set out in a fifty-oared boat from Salamis or Corinth with the general idea of settling where he liked, and where it would be most convenient for himself, his wife, children, servants, and retainers, without realizing fully the possibility of prior interests in the case. Tliis, then, is somewhere about the state of the case as regards the nature of the territorial dispute in which the Bay Islands are involved. It so happens that these islands have been occupied and left, and occupied and left, and occupied and left, till at Iast it is very difficult to say whether occupation has given us a right to them; while, on the other hand, the Spanish proprietorship of them, though perhaps more technically regular and correct, and recognized by treaty, has been so nominal and nugatory that there is no completely clear case for the Spanish proprietorship, though the United States adopts velry strongly the Spanish side of the question. This, then, is one of the questions on which the Central American dispute hinges; but, besides this territorial dispute, there is a dispute about the interpretation of a treaty -the CLATrowN-BuLwEr. Treaty, which is the other question on which the Central American dispute hinges. Is the prohibitory clause in that treaty, against either side occupying Central Anierica, prospective only, or does it affect existing occupation ? Does it only stop further occupation, or does it impose the abandonment of present ? Our Government maintains the former, the United States the latter intelrretation. Now, these being the two questions on which the Central American dispute hinges,-a question of the proprietorship of certain territory, and a question of the interpretation of a certain treaty, -what Mr. AlAex' says with respect to the proposal of arbitration is pretty much this :-"We will sub.- " mit the territorial question to an arbiter, bRt we "w ill not submit t'ne question as to 'he inter"pretation of the treaty. Upon the sense of "that treaty," he say* " we Americans have "made up our mind, and we will not change it for "any arbiter in the world. That treaty prohibits "both sides from occupation of any part of Central "America. If you English can obtain a decision "in favour of your right to occupy the Bay "Islands as far as mere title goes, the treaty is stinl "against it, and to that treaty we require you to "submit. We allow no appeal to an arbiter on "that question. The whole of the CLAyTo-s"BuTwER Treaty supposed an equality of non"occupancy attaching to both sides, the United "States and Great Britain, as regards Central "America. If, tIhen, you English go on occupy"ing portions of it, we Americans shall begin to "look out for ourselves, and find out territory "there to occupy; and thus the treaty will, by " the violation of it by both sides, be practically "dissolved, and cease to exist."
Nothing can be more painful than the accounts which we daily Teceive of the social condition of the Italian Peninsula. From the gorges of the Tyrol to the southern extremity of the Neapolitan dominions, that beautiful country is given up to brigandage and misery. A stem military despotism aggravates, but does not repress, the general license. We are not about to enter upon the political or diplomatic aspect of the question, save in so far as a simple statement of facts must necessarily be regarded as ground for interference. England can have no selfish objects in view in the Italian Peninsula. We would not accept territory there, were it offered us; we do not desire even influence, if the wretched inhabitants were once relieved from the tyranny under which they are suffering. The best result for which we can wish is a strong and united Italy -in other words, the readmission of Italy into the fellowship of nations as a distinct and powerful member of the European confederacy. in past times we have been soverely blamed by hot-headed enthusiasts and by men still more energetic in action, though not so honest in intention, because we refused to throw the weight of British influence into their scale. This is a policy in which it is to be hoped the statesmen who guide the destinies of our country wil still persevere. England can take no part in petty risings and midnight conspiracies. lVhatever we do must be done in the broad light of day. Our intervention, whenever it may take place, must be well meditated beforehand, effectual, and decisive. With all this we had rather avoid the necessity of action. We had rather that the petty potentates who, under the protection of Austrian arms, at present afflict the Italian Peuinsula should of their own accord pursue wiser counsels. Eumanity, however, cannot much longer tolerate the fact that one of the faicest portions of the earth's surface should be given up to desolation and sorrow without a result. The present political system of Italy has no future. It is not a system of -which we can say that after a certain period of misery it may produce better things. Forty years have elapsed since the Italian States were handed over by the Viennese negotiators to the fostering care of their native Princes and to the paternal corrections of Austria, and what has been the result? From 1815 to 1856 one long accusing wail has ascended from Italy. Even now while we write, from one end of Italy to the other, with the single exception of the Sardinian dominions, we find nothing but military prisons, military arrests, military executions the country gorged with police spies, fear and suspicion everywhere ; universal lamentation for the past, sorrow for the present, and despair for the future. In Lombardy, in Parma, in the Pontifical States, in Naples, society is thoroughly disorganized. The strong hand of Austrian power, indeed, makes itself evelywhere felt, and naturally in Lombardy to a greater extent than elsewhere. But even in that province the agents of Austria have taken the alarm, and are multiplying their own precautions and the misery of the inhabitants. The conscription is now enforced with even more than Austrian rigour. lardied men are carried away from their homes; only sons, who were never called out, save when war was raging, are compelled to enter the Austrian barracks. M. BUxGER and his agents see warning spectres around them everywhere, and every wann breeze from the Mlediterranean whispers in their ears the accursed name of Piedmont. Nine-tenths, however, of the affliction which weighs upon the rich plains of Lombardy never can be known, save by a chance revelation such as that which reached us the other day when FsascE Onixi escaped from that dreary stronghold of Mfantua which has witnessed so much of human suffering. From Farma there is nothing new, and this is the worst possible intelligence. The same system of stern despotism under the auspices of an Austrian General prevails as heretofore. Mtilitary law continues in full rigour. There is no trade, for there is no security for property-or life. There is no amusement, for who can divert his thoughts from his own miseries and the miseries of aU aroundm? In Tuscany the GRxAD DuxE, who has just returned to his beautiful capital, is employing the first moments of his return to make a Concordat with the See of Rome, on the model of the Concordat which has been passed between Rome and Austria. The effects of this unwise measure have already so clearly appeared in the latter country that even Austrian statesmen have been compelled to make application to Rome for relief from the spiritual tyranny of their ecclesiastical guides. A. DEn LA ToR 3DU PIs, the French Representative at Florence, has been instructed to assure the Tuscan Government that it may reckon upon the support of France, if it can summon up strength at the eleventh hour to resist the attacks of the Pontifical imeieurs; but we have little hope from the imbecility and bigotry of the petty potentate who at present reigns over Tuscany under the shadow of the Austrian flag. Let us cross the Tuscan frontier and enter the Papal dominions. Everywhere we meet with foreign soldiers, Austrians and reluctant Frenchmen, whose bayonetsprotect the successor of ST. PETER and his ecclesiastical advisers from violence and armed attack even at the seat of their power. The land is going out of cultivation. No attempt is made to educe the many virtues of that fertile soil. A spell is laid over the moral as well as physical development of the country. In the Sacred City men dare scarcely whisper their apprehensions into the ears of their closest friends. Turn where a Roman will, the trail of a police agent taints the air. Brigandage has arrived at such a pitch that it is dangerous throughomt Romagna to go even two or three miles from a town at mid-day. In Ancona political arrests are the order of the day. This is the way in which the peace of Italy is preserved. This is a VU0ono sfato for the preservation of which it is worth while to contend. It is entirely maintained by the bayonets of Austria and of France. The Pontifical army consists, as it is said, on paper, of 18,000 men, but not half of this number is forthcoming. Of the two Swiss regiments one is a mere skeleton. Let the Austrian and French troops be withdrawn to-morrow, and, according to all human probability, the next day the Porz would again be an exile from his own dominions. The only notie we have received of any attempt at improvement amounts to tbis,-that Cardinal A2TOxNLr is preparing a replyto thememorandum of Count C.ivoun and the speech of Lord PALMERSTO;. To give this iniportant State document the greater publicity the PorE has actually caused it to be inserted in the Giornale di Roma. The whole will be forwarded to Paris by the pious hands of Cardinal PATRIZ1 for the instruction of the northern world. It is to Cardinal ANToN-uri that the maintenance of the present severe policy is attributed. The PoPE, it is said, rightly or wrongly, shudders at the misery and desolation by which he is xurrounded, and would gladly undo ANroxuui's work. Cannot some means be devised to liberate the PoNTIFF from the thraldomin which he is held? It is always with reluctance that we fix attention even for a moment upon the state of Naples. The interference of Austria, if, indeed, any of an effective nature ever took place, has not been attended with much effect. The KING has retired in sullen disgust at his own unpopularity, or in apprehension of worse consequences, to Gaeta. To the Palace at this spot, so distant from the capital of his dominions, the Ministers who wish to communicate with their Sovereign on affairs of state are compelled to traveL Even when they arrive at their destination they are with difficulty admitted into the presence of the Kum. He cannot bear to hear of the effects of his own misrule. The picture of tbis modern despot, who in all but energy resembles the miscreant whom TAcIrus has described to us, is strildng enough. So much misery and so much crime,-why should these ever be the portion of that beautiful land? From the advices we receive we fear the arrests continue almost as freely as ever. To give an idea of the condition of those unfortunate persons who are at present in the power of the Neapolitan police we here re-copy an extract from our Italian correspondence. The state of things described in it existed at the end of last month, and we have no reason to suppose it has been at all rmodified in the course of the last fortnight:- "I must again caU yourattention to the condition of the prisoners in Monte Sarchio. Of Baron Poerio I have spoken fully, but not of others, who are labouring under different forms of disease, as Schiavone, who has lost the use of one eye and nearly that of the other; Dono, who has been in the place set aside as the hospital for five months; Pironti, labouring underparalysis, unable to move, and in chains; and, not to mention more, a young man of S4 years, calledl Alfonso Zeuli, who is dying of consumiption frem the damp2iess of his prison, reduced to a skeleton, scarcely able to breathe or to speak; he has had the last sacra7nent ad7ninistered to hinm, and yet he is in chains! Closer than a brother his fetters cling to his withered limbs, and no civilized age or country will ever perhaps have witnessed such a proof of the tenacity of cruelty and vindictiveness. I tell you a fact that cannot be disputed, and, though a thousand other facts equally deplorable are continually occurring, to the ruin of this country, statesmen will wonder at and regret the ' extreme opinions' of the Italians, talk grandiloquently about the 'sacred principle of nonintervention,' and advocate the right of a Sovereign to call in assistance to goad and pen up his cattle. ' OLord !how long ?' well may every Italian exclaim." Poor PoERIo's condition has been so fully laid before our readers npon a former and recent occasion that we need not dwell upon it here. Of INaples it is sufficient to say, in a word, that things remain unchanged. What was true of Naples three and six months ago is substantially true at the present moment. Now, vhether are those statesmen RIevolutionists who wish to arrive at such moderate reforms throughout the Italian Peninsula as may carry comfort and hope to the hearts of the afflicted people, or those who meet the last efforts of their grim despair with the extremity of military law? One way or another action must ere long take place in Italy. Lot us hope that it may be such as will insure the reign of peace, not such as will lead to continuous terror and bloodshed !
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. THE EAST. (BY SIJBMAEME AND BBITISH TELEGRAPHL) we have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Marseilles correspondent:- " MM=sE]IES, TurDs&Y, J3n-E 17, 7 50 P.r. "The Indus has arrived, with advices from Constantinople of the 9th, and from the Crimea of the 7th inst. " Despatches left at 6 p.m. " Your correspondent in the Crimea, writinog on the 7th, says:- "'Lord Gough arrived on Wednesday last. "'The Coldstream Guards left on the same day, on board the Agamemnon. " ' The 2d battalion of the Royals left on Thursday (the 5th), with part of the 31st Regiment. " 'On Friday (the 6th) Lord Gough invested Marshal Pelissier and the French anid Engylish Generals with the Order of the Bath. " ' Lord Rokeby and Generals Barnard and Daeres have left for England."'
NEW ZEILAND. (By ELECTRIC TELEGRAPE.) The Seringapatam, Captain Gregory, from lKew Zealand, arrived yesterday evening at BristoL Her advices are tothe 8th of March. She brings 30 passengers, among whom are the Hon. Mr. Martin, Chief Justice of the colony, and wife. The greater part of the passengers intend to return to the colony after a brief sojourn in the mother country. The caTgo consists almost entirely of wool, the produce of the province, valued at 21,6731., chiefly for London. Commercial affairs in the colony generally had made a decided step towards improvement. The exports of L\ew Zealand for the first quarter of the present year are estimated considerably to exceed 50,0001. The increase in the population is steady, and quite as rapid as that of any neighbouring province. The political prospects are eqnally satisfactory. The impression made Iby the new Governor, Colonel Browne, is highly favourable, and the colonists give him the benefit of their candid co-operation. The prices current are-Ilour, 341. to 361. per ton; brandy in bond, iu active demand, 18s. to 20s.; rum, West India, over proof, in bond, 6s. to 7s.; Geneva selling readily at 30s. in bond; good port, much wanted, 101. to 161. per per quarter cask; in bottle, 40s. to 48s.; good sherry required in bond, 91. to 141.; in bottle, 36s. to 42s. Drapery depressed. Ironmongery in good demand, and likely to continue. Freights to London l4d. per lb. for wooL Bank preminm of exchange on London 3 per cent.; rate of discount, not exceeding three months, 8, and exceeding three months 10 per cent.
WM-su AN-D SPIRrIs.-The total quantities of wine imported last year amounted to 8,946,766 llons, of which 6,669,794 gallons were charged with duty for domes. tic consumption. The actual quantity of wine retained in the united kingdom for home consumption was 6,296,439 gallons-viz., 3407,75S galons of white, and 2,8S8,681 galions of red, wie. 263,188 gaUons were imnported from tritish possessions abroad, S32,652gallonsfromFrance, 2,344,767 from Portugal, 2,696,126 from Spain. 33,346 from Madeira, 69,041 from Holland, 8,G22 from the Canary Isles, 11 from the Azores, 297,304 from Naples and Sicily (MEarsala wine), and 198,498 gallons from elsewhere. The stock of win remaining under bond in the united kingdom, at the end of 1855, was 12,506,361 gallons, of which 7,174,397 were in London. The total quantities of spirits imported last year amounted to 10,974,033 proof gallons the quantity retained for home consumption to 4,788,687 gaUons; the quantity exported as merchandise to 4,464,185 gallons the quantity shipped as stores to 354,302 gallons; the quantities delivered for the navy to 1,106,680 gallons; and the actual quantity remaining in warehouse, under bond, on the last day of the year, to 8,345,875 gallons. 3,223,575 gallons of rum were retained for home consumption n 18.55, besides 1,525,578 allons of brandy, 25,181 of Geneva, and 14,353 gallons of other foreign and colonial VESSErS AiSD TO~AGE.-Il11855 24,006 vessels, (tonnage 6,372,301), entered inwards at the 12 principal ports of the kingdom; while 22,8G3 sbips(tonnage 6,426,5t6) cleared outwards, The numnber of vessels that entered each ort was as follows--London, 9,770; liverool, 4197; Eu11,2,058; Bristol, 567, only; Newcastle,3,836; SouthDublin, 297; >Cork,360; and Belfast, 204,; Groen 266
HER MAThSTP STATB BALL. The Queen gave a State Ball last evening at Buciinglam Palace to avery numerous party, comprising the Poyal fandly, Royal foreign visitors, the whole of the Diplo. matic Corps, the 31misters and Officers of State, the Ladies and Gentlemen of the Royal Household, foreigners of distinction now in this country, and a large party of the nobility and gentry. About 2,000 invitations were issued. The Ball and Concert-room, the Promenade-gallery, the Approach-gallery, the new Ante-room, the State Diningroom, Yellow Drawing-room, Saloon, White Drawingroom, Picture-gallery, and Green Drawing-room, were all opened for this reception; and several of the suite were tastefully decorated with rare and beautiful flowering shrabs and plants, as were also the recesses of the Grand Staircase. The Foreign Ambassadors and Ministers, the Cabinet Ministers, the Officers of the Royal Household, and those having the privilege of the entrec, entered the Palace by the Equerries' entrance in Pinrlico. The general company slighted at the Grand Hall, and began to arrive soon after 9 o'clock The Hall was lined by the Yeomen of the Guard, under the command of Captain ParkerRickford, the Exon in waiting. In front of the Palace a guard of honour of the Foot Guards was stationed with the band of the regiment. The Royal family alighted at the garden entrance to the Palace. Their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Cambridge and the Princess Mary were attended by Lady Geraldine Somerset and Major Home Purves, and were zeceived by the Maids of Honour and] the Grooms and Equerries iaWaiting. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge was attended by his Equery inwating. Her Majesty the Queen, his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, her Royal Highness the Princess Royal, with their Royal Highnesses the Duches of Cambridge and the Princess Mary, the Regent of Baden, Prince Frederick Wiliam of Prussia, and the Du!ke of Cambridge, left the 'Vhite Drawing-room, preceded by the Great Officers of State. The Queen was attended by the Dachess of Sutherland, Mistress of the Robes, the Duchess of Athol, Lady in Waiting, the Hon. Lucy Eerr and the Hon. Mary Bulteel, Maids of Honour in Waiting, and the Gentlemen in Waiting. The Marquis of Breadalbane, H.T., Lord Chamberlain, and the other Officers of State conducted Her Majesty and the illustrious circle to the ball and concert room, which Her Majesty entered at 10 minutes before 10 Oclockl The company from the Picture Gallery and the State saloons followed the Royal party. M. Laurent's Quadrlle Band played "God save the Queen" on Her Majesty's entrance, and directly afterwards performed a quadrille from Verdi's new Opera "La Traviata," by D'Albert. In this quadrille the Queen opened the BalL Her Majesty wore a dress of Indian muslin embroidered in gold sprigs, and a broad gold border in bouquets, trimmed with bunches of red cactus, and green leaves ornamented with diamonds. The Queen's headdress was formed of red cactus, green leaves, and diamonds. The Princess Royal wore a rich blue glac6 dress covered with blue and white net, trimmed -with bunches of cherry blossom. The body and sleeves trimmed to correspond. Her Royal Highness's headdress was composed of cherry blossom. The Duchess of Cambridge wore a dress of white sill, with a triple flounce of pointe d'Alengon, each flounce edged with satin riband and white marabout fringe. The corsage was trimmed to correspond, and the stomacher covered with large sapphires and diamordT. The necldace was diamonds. Her Royal Highness's headdress was formed of a pearl tiara and lilac feathers. The Princess Mary of Cambridge wore a white tulle dress, with graduated bouffants from the top to the bottom, over a rich white glace petticoat, trimmed all over with bunches of corn flowers; the corsage and sleeves trimmed to match, with bouquets and diamond ornaments; the stomacher and neclIace diamonds. The Princess's headdress was composed of corn flowers and diamond stars. After the first quadrille had been danced a waltz, "The Rose of England" (EL Laurent), dedicated to Her Mfajesty the Queen, was played. "Le Corsaire," quadrille (Musard), " Stowanska," waltz (Gungl), and "Trovatore," quadrille (H. Laurent), were performed by the Quadrille Band. The following had the honour of receiving invitations:His Highness the Maharajah Duleep Singh, Weer Jafeer Alee Khan, his Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar and the Countess of Donburg, the French Ambas. sador and the Countess de Persigny, and the Secretaries and Attach6s; the Turkish Ambassador and Madame Musurus, and the Secretaries and Attachds; the Austrian Minister and Countess d'Apponyi, and Secretaries and AttachC; the Bavarian Minister and Baroness de Cetto; the Belgian Minister and Madame Van de Weyer, and Secretaries; the Brazilian Minister and Madame de Carvalho Moreira, and Secretaries and Attachcs; the Danish linister and Madame d'Oxhohn, and Secretary; the Greek-Minister, Madame and Mademoiselle Tricoupi, and Secretary; the EHanoverian Minister and Countess Helene Kielmansegge; the Hanse Towns Minister, the laytian Charge d'Affaires and Secretary, the Medican Charg6 d'Affaires, the lTetherlands Minister and Secretaries of Legation, the Peruvian Minister, Madame de Rivero, aud Secretary and Attach6 ; the Portuguese Minister and Countess de Lavradio, and Secretaries and Attaches; the Prussian Minister and Countess de Bernstorff, and Secretaries and Attach6s; the Sardinian Minister, and Secretaries; the Saxon Minister, the Sicilian Minister, and Princess di Carini, and Secretary of Legation; the Spanish Minister, and Secretaries and Attach6ss; the Swedish and Norwegian Minister, and Baroness de Hochschild, and Secretaries; the United States Minister, and Mrs. Dallas, the Misses Dallas, and Secretaries; Syed Abdoolah, his Excellency Konig Bey, Major Ali Effendi, Lieutenant-General Baron Schreckenstein, Baron Moltke, Colonel Baron Seutter, Baron de Gemmingen, Lieutenant de Schreck-enstein, Dr. Wegner, Dr. Ullman, Marquis de Breme, Major-General Baron Van Stutterheim, General Barreiros, Baron Bose, Lieutenant da Rocha Faria, Lieutenant de Almeida Portugal, Baron George de Cotta, le Commandeur and Madame Pinto de Soveral, MIademoiselle de Soveral, Madame de Lima, Colonel Kadoi Bey, Miss Nickdin, Sefer Pasha, Count de Pourtalis, Countess de Baumginrten, Dule and Duchess de St. Arpino, Marquis and Marchioness Colobrini, Colonel C. Frederim, Baron de Konneritz, X. de Lesseps, Count and Countess de la Lalaing, Countess Cigala, M. de Noegler, Count Morner, Madame Dabois de rEstang, the Gold Stickin-Waiting, the Silver Stick-in-Waiting, the DeputyChairman of the East India Company, the Pages of Honour-in-Waiting, the Field Officer in Brigade Waiting, the Adjutant in Brigade Waiting, the Commanding Officers of the Grenadier Guards, Coldstream Guards, and Scots Fusileer Guards, the Conimanding Officers of the 1st and 2d battalion of Grenadier Guards and three officers of each battalion, the Commanding Officer of the 2d battalion of Coldstream Guards, and three officers of the battalion ; the Commanding Officer of the 2d battalion of Scots Fusileer Guards and three officers of the battalion, the Commanding Officer of the Ist Life Guards and four officers, the Commanding Officer of the 2d Iife Guards and four officers, the Commanding Officer of the Royal Horse Guards and four officers, the Commanding Officer of the 3d Light Dnrgoons and three officers, the Commanding Officer of the rioyal Artllery and four officers, the Commanding Officer of the Royal Engineers and four officers, the Commanding Officers of the Royal Marines and three officers, the Commanding Officer of the Royal Marines at Portsmouth, the Captain of the Royal Yacht, tlee Additional Captain of the Royal Yacht, the Second Lieutenant of the Royal Yacht, the Rear-Admiral Superintendent of Portsmouth Dockyard, and the follovwing: Duxsi.-Ilanchester. Argbrll. Newcastle. Sutherland Montrose Someract, Roxburghe, Richmond, Atho UHamilton, Grlfton, Leeds Weulington, Bucdeuch, Beaufort, Bedford, Devonshire, Cleveland, RButland. DUoE¢sSS.-Beaufort, Dowager Beaufort, Ieeds. Inverness, Manchester, Somereet, familton, Richmond. Cleieland, Mlontrose. Argyll Atholl, Sutherland, St. Aibans Roxburgh, Brucleuch, Bedford, Grafton. MAL Uisumsz-WVestmnijsster, Salisbury, Vinchester, Granby. Cennygham, Stafford,Dalhonsie, Tewnshend, Lansdowne, Cbandos. Cholmondeley. Eseter, Blaodford 13ildare, Hentby, Breadalbane, Clanricarde, Bath, Abercorn, fy, L,ondonderry. MAnensoNRsensss-EXeter. Stafrordl, Londonderry, Winchester, Salisbury. Toewshend, Clanricarde. Breadalbalne, Blaudford, WestminBter, Chondos, EIly Huntly, Cholmondeley, Kildare. Abercorn. EAnus.-Verulam, EUenborougb, Eile9mere. Chesterield, Nelson, Mayo, Malmesbiry, Enniskillen, Powis, Albemar'e, Hardvicke, Yarborouh, Burligton, Mansfield, Mfarch, Shelburne. Carnanon, Caw- dor. ,ome. Muigrave, Clonme4 Caithne, Derby. Jersey, Stradbroke,me DnaeI,r arkny. B7antnrOy. Grey.Bradaiford, Clanucarty, MEount- Besabzoroogh. C:larendon. Evuston, HIowe. Craven, bierten. Tan'.ervile' Aunesley. Bathurot, Gransille, Gifford, Denhigb. WVestmorland3 Fortescue, Glengali, Rinnonli, Bective, Povwlett, Gainsherough' Haewood,s Egrmbout, beredneen, Wiltons. Spencer. iagslL Cou-%XsEs&-Wilton, St-Germans, Bessborougb, Mount -Edgcbe, Grey, Dowager Grey. Haddington, Hardwicke, Orkney. Dowager Morley, Yarborough. FrancesDowagerWaldegrave, Egmont, Chester- lbmwarle, MWayo,Hoe,ra Lengfrd,Ganli,H wy. Tankers-ills Gainshomough. funraven, Kinnonlt Fingall, Clonmeit. Somers. Bradford., Craven, Cawidor, Jersey, Calthaca,, !Mortwon, Shelbvre, atalines- Doae Daly atmuh etve ugae GlergaU,. Hae Viscosrm -Somerton, Stopford, MfonA. Hill, Emley, Dnpplin, Godericb, ILP.; Galway. M.P*; Dungannon, TemPleton. Valletort, Duncan, Strathallan. Uranley, Sydney, Itaynbin, Kirkwall, Gort. Newport, hLF., Curzen. Torrington, Barrington, Hawarden. St. Lawrence, Dumlanrig, Folkestone, almpden, Milton, MLB., Castlerosse, Banger. ViscluhxmssEs.-Stratballan, Dowager Guillamore, 31onck, Dmncan, Eareings, Sydoey, Combermere. BTinogton. Torrington Dovmger Dungarvan, Somerton, Grey de WVilton, Cur7zon. ll, Dramlanrg. Galwray. Goderich. Newport. Dunganon. Gough, S8opford4 MTilton, FoUlestone, Campden, F orbes, Cranley. Lorms.-Ravensworth. C. Buce Wrottesley, Dumplas, De Tabley Foley, Colehester, Burghersh. Carendish. Hobart, Courtenay, Fever: sbam, A. Charles Fitzroy, F. ConyDghau. Glenelg. Naas, Lyndhurst, Stanley, MLP., W. rovwlett, Wensluydale. Waterpkark Cremore, Crotton, J. Stuasrt St. leonard',. Bulbaven, Kingsa'e, O'F-itgerald, Geerge Lennox, Churchill, Macdonald, Beetman, Ashley, Bolton, irlisnuMann Dier.n, Mase',_ ~ecj,io1zsbl,HeiW br,ghu. Dffei=,Clinton, Rtoddtlq. Ca.,MoIta,.l GogeP James Muray, CamPbell, Dunkilellfin, Bdward ce. li , aCyrge, 3. ay. Camoys, Alfred El%ct A. Gordon Lennox. Loughborough, Loyat Alexander Russell. ,½loughby de Eresby, Charles P. Clinton, Edw;aA Thtynne, Francia Conyogham, Colrille. CrInGgton2. Osaulston. Clarellce P1aget, Ashbbrton, Londeaborough, Liford, Stanley of Alderley. Delawere, Rtivers, Jobn itusell, F. Fitrxoy C. FitzroY, Guernsey, ErneAt Bruce, Byron.3Robert Grosverior, RoAsmore. BAXr. -- ssis. -Reith amnd falrne. KortL. LADI.-31artins, EHastings, Broye. Rossmor. X. Fitzmaurice, Dtundas, Clarence Paget, GommRic.hardson. litan, C. Legge, F. Legge. Trollope. Trouebridge, HaML, Willouhby de Eresby. Massey, Heatheote. Broug-hamn. Susan Ramnsey. Edward Thynne. S. Tower. EmnilY Seymour, L. Howard, C. Berkeley~ Hay (2), E. St. Laurenoee H. St. Taurenre, Blantyre York (21, . iPonsonby. Ross. O'D.nnell, R. Clerk, Turner. Stracey. Butler ul), Lopea. L. Butler, ReNpo. Alison' J. H. Bourgoyse, B.Browno, H.Staneyj, Ja.esMu=iy, Bathurst: Annae Baird, James Stuart, Spearman. Y. Mills, A_ Bruce. Couper. A.. H.L Dawson. E. Howard Call, C. Murray L. Hamilton, E, de Ros. Catherine Allen. Rivers, Byron. Camoys, MN. Hood Campbeli, Foley, A. Char]es Fitzroy, WilIson. C. Villexs Waterltrk. George Lennox, A. B3ariug. Constable, W. 1'owlett. Hiastings. B.Clifford, A. Sturt, Wctberall, Jenkinson, EL Wegg Prosier. 0. O&z"uIston. G. Somerset. Gamin, B. Stanley, C. Boileau. C. P. Clinton, Trouibridge, Dade,. Colcbester, Colville, B. Townshend, Feversham, Fielding (2). Milner, C. Montgomery. R. Grosvenor. Facquhar. A. Seymour. (I. Grmsenor Gwendoline T,dbot, Kirkland, ±Cingsale. Domvile. Graham, A. 5: West, HL Littleton. Be TIabley, F. Ryder, J1. 3Blachford, L. CaLtor. Comuwalls (2). L. Cotes. L~ Cavendish, E. Craven. Cremnone, A. *. Cost. Duckworth. Dalrymple, H,L Leveson Gower, Somterset (2). Loludet.- borough,. Bowater. B. A rthur. Ashburton, B. stanihope rortmnan, C. Canyngham. Coote, C. copley. crofton, Poiwortb, B. Pringlo M'3tahon, Caringtou, repy (II, Courtenay, A. Mackenzie, A. Btutler, A. Mostyn, IL(Clvo. L. Pennant, Guernsey. Hamilton,H. LHamilton. G3. Cholmteley, Bridgernan, C. RevlLJ C., Barrington,.A. Poulett, George lI'e~,.lot.tuartde Rothe.ay, Pyre, apier. Chaterto. Stuart. Page Wood. Wensleydale, Armitage, Dowag.r Lyttelton. H, Hscdon3ald. L. Ps-enham. S. Receve,Alexan3der tusael De Rothirbild,. Buflkeley, Roe,more, John Russell, Ee,lle. Ashworth, Cossno Ruseell Lyndhuvst. H.L Labonchere, Grey. ERnkeby, B. ERerton. C. Ricketts, S Ler, BRoney, S. Abel Smiith, Welby. C. GordonLennox ,V. Sandars. K_ Egecrton, I. Pane. H. Wilson, Bethe3ll Hal. Wallace Wallwcourt. S. Harcourt Vernon. S=Inrtt. Scott (3, .vat, G. Romlly. H. Ros, A. V. WVentworth, B. LaseUelle F. Lacles Chkurchill. Macdonald, Jerris, Wrottesley, Constable, E. Cavendish. Stratbeden. Delasnere B. Dopplin, Vermey, X. Wood, Becher. B3lakentey, BoltOn. Bonbhm, Hanmcer, G. Codrington, Coddington, Belbaeret, Auckland, HarTding, Hayes, George Pacet, T. Lewis, Feel, U3. St. Maun Charles Somerset, C. Stirling, Stanley of Alaerley. Scott. Douzlas, A. bVoughs, G.ouglaxs,A. Pel.aS. Pltar C'liton, D ialfode Be.uFiteu.arcGe Egerton,s.-MHope.hobartL. rde. l attE.hG. RneWbow,Ck.hre,Bo bowar d-lo Wlde. Dnson,L 3.oberto Aw. Pae. Gbaw dner, B. Peel FredierickT Fitberoytollnd,ig Sirns BJc. C Lar., H.G.Boylrk, A.r CzOn, Eanr. hre F. tzBoy,erie tefirre. Bal S.Mopnserl, E.Hreniante. M3 G Te . B. er acaimay. M.utel T . Gaies.R Gladstone. Sire J. GraHi . Clorth.PW.North,sordll, H. W.AddingtoA. Giroeor G.. Lewis6Si G. GArey ir C.-Wodnrcet, L. do Rotschildh, KLneeDeberk. d irJ Jervis.gsg.Ld ohcid oSeh Hroirn ovT=ucAscG.-i H.Rssl. Bajrig SIrG.re3aotle, B.el .ne P bets HaJtn . ,LdyWitsraeli, RoErt Cowe. 0r. Sho L0fe Cloel C. P G.oturner. C. P. BcoutenP. 0i . Hallet, IWeutonau.tGcHoralaW. EL Slottrieff. T. B. MScot auolayneWTBrotes.eW. C.GadstoinGe. Sr, Grate. hWam. Sirm. A-Du~nda,n.d. Henly T. 3&hW . Fotspatrbc, W. CNdweth Smeira.Cck Wnu. Brsod H. pa .l AddingtLarenl,Si (. C.sLwis, MirsG. Grey SornC. Wood, A. Vierno Smit, F. Lvbwersecor. MandoSird. R.Herbert. tucn.G He rulell M. asr. .Bathure, Joaryin Prercy. Emrs.lJ Prerryi, Lady orColsied,H.Cokoe.lrs B.Coke,UCoonel C. (3 Sctt Mrs. Upon G. Scottr, Pr. C. Sconrit, Louenart-Genral H. H.1 SAotm MRs S. Husl. Sr UtCamln tta sJF,. Captain Gog B.rtwesey. MRs. Geogewoeley. Mlis CytlonyGorgiame, Doldey, Ward, Mrns. 2) F. Led, es. A.wer..iansnd MrhisTneraddi FawhGPnaulnbhlyCAthoartb, Bmelatrimu Engu, H.lalI Parnel la rs.H alneeL. HniettParsons, Mr monParsony. Thmrs. A. Vrum eLs, Mnrs.h. illers, Robrt.WMaCdnld,e G. Herbert. Mrs. Herbertr. Ine Dru.M Bathsunt, Maryse Cathrpeos Emily Tred.sH, Maltlorm Holvle,uCoonCapellG,F Alptn, Mtorts. G.isse Barring . tnor2, G.Mos..Steno, Mm arG AniiW. H.pe Boos, Flrs. Madoiis.d Bosry LSeymor.Hiss Monttyo, B.. HeRussoell, ILirsm. MP.,S Mruse rn.ll, y C Arltey e, Captain B_Sewr. Lraw.e Stwrs.B.,wly Misss idel~) Lymlyon Geordgciana Cey rormiss JDezion F.ueteon, Cowuter.Wa MisBpiortoe.r do rlagaet, EMailyu Cagth,Et Beatice.im BRg Adimiraa H BHow ary Aulmtuaet. Henroinet Cholnmodi.ey.GThomas C.Bruceh, Hn. do Buorg.Cer, J. owertW, CaDtve, G. CEgerdton, Hs P.Ga. Mrs. C.pBrue,nMrs asseso. Misses C2atWiorpD (2.Fed.mont Charlesorpe,E HToytutenhCampbGeerll AlfedturtonMrs BLMran,y.P. Mrs. Brnd LowhradyeAireyI. Capainen. Stenewrt Mrs.el. Stewart.Lytttn,Hises iddesl() Emily2) Harisses B.tB.nortman, . JAmesur Butolne, C ulr WAndeCourde,lmes,.~i B. avetds,Mrat.LdPaowtheB. PMrps. Mrst. B.d Phippe Haredri ynHowari,rs. Sutlart. Carolin BCoven datis,Gnea H. Cavendisloh, Gr.G.CaoMr olore. 3. E.Howards,CMxtsi F.hEppsa, Hare Mis, Charlotte Mrls.Captading J.e Bla, (2),mond, M. Beaummont, Ehales CorStney, M rs. T taulamy Gen'ert al Mr,a Mrs.Day Ho .LoMurray X. Mrs. WLwhe.CterKinegL WArren,& Spencer i ~Tt. toniMs. ytlton. Missesson Pit (2)W. FisseswSllnor (I), Mr. A'oi Hlmes, Mihrs. W.av'eontib Holms, Cavendish, Genes. C.IGwrer, Mrs. West. Lads, Cost Frd ric Byg Sir. Butler, Mimdy Buler, Cap ietainaH Bng.Colonel IL. Caog Clnes. B. PH.ps Mrs. don, Jis.LBole King, theP Matrs.f Lokein, Augusta H.Fitzey, Mrs.T 3olyn,Rihr ALP edi. , FreeikCieers. Cavndrh. Gbcentera C._e Grey, (2). Leopiold Agar Ellis, Maude Stanley, Adelade Foley. IL E. Gage, GIR. Cmel. LotAdy Spddetrmn, W. B. Dnelbe,W HeaP.,oMeJ. Odun C.omboJ.Captains ALP., doRo. Mise Pourgoynen(2, Admir.alc G. Ellott. C. W. 3W. Howard,iIP.Joh Foh. HG.Berkeleyn, HP, Arsntg. J. Dennia. Coo El, o. MdeB. Mris.n,LJddell. Mrs. Bovrie,h.rdoimueJ. Axigne,V Coertenay, Mrs. henleage Geaird, AleonelrM. ampthur P.illostn, . DThomn. ilpsHryVmyA eobcil..ii..ad seer,-A. YMSoutnhl, A. HparmnteG, BL.,WLhyW Hefathod, J. Clrd-,e. C. ki).3. NM.rreol,iH.Py, 3.G. Bonrhoyn, H.Gr B.oF.Van, (3. Scott D.ouglas Thomstrig oHustLogin. G.ale Staotto. R. PeeitagU. 3.e Duger toP, . Eillen, Bt. WLopso,.Hal,A Cokbr AL.,EchRn. Bohl. PrIng., V. Mckenzll. 3.J. Sharelley, G.B.Bid AClexander CAmpbl, I. MStacyn Thoas lsllips HaryVerey A.doRotscil fddDH Elis B.P. Lan. seer. A. K. Macdonald, 3. Hsnlmer, HP,.Holn,3SL.,Cak R. 3.C:o p scy,LThomasdastng, Acharles Fyiggtt Blf.Pel .GyEer ton, T. A_nson, bu H . Lps .Ccbr . .Bte.HP. Markemie. . Wiarreder C.se JoB. C ooa, H~Aiope Her. S htraey W.mage WoodC.N.Chedearles obeo RoeIH adok.P.. M 3mLin,M LRc., Contabl, J. Fergdson. . Doadds Btaird, W . B.L Miepr, H.P.,ub.m Palumer,au( T. Clifford G.W W. M rtins,Ch 'arles rsiSutton, C. 3 Womb erll, Brwse, Fitzndroy Kely H.P..twrFhL. ArHu. A. Ho J ,Jiohn Hardin,A. Co. H.r CoButer,H. JCaSuart.l. BP.Cumn Buul,keleygb, M.P.. dog opr Mariddlonn St.. Hawkins, ALP.taJd. .D BJkormtoh, Mos. MontgreCar. C. Bickett, B.Tayesh , H.P.te, W. B. Call,oA. Banrma, H. Boutton, B. C. Dfleeing., rnM eklyDvnot .J t ley,rW. s.ar. Faraday, AG.nd ELyo.HelayThlrX.. LGefl,C IL . ACourt,A.-AHcbebaPd Hoattie Jof Coobd . HopenVeto. Ridaeman, Simp..n C. .F Pewdgate, H.P.. H. Wviil, inn. St-h.P,oH. Rih.P. EL.Pe,ve. BrFs. EWot Staindis StaPish P.r H-to. Henrys3Faruarso Robavrca, Nold,n Macdolnald3 T.EAseton. anr Sutton H L. B.th heLP., Ws, P,oSaners, C. RV. Wetwrabhm C.aH.loil, 3. Wadilston, H.Pr, Al. Tennssysn V. idwian F1n CLPurtenea. Ontgomne, W. Brawn, y. P., Br othrtorn, H.P, Ja Waitro. H.P.,k. SeLPou, Joh. B.hawcourter C.tPrt, ees , H...P. H.ddFltzoy. B.dduChadik. C ptonne, L.., C. C. C.Ciffordo, Malclm ,TR.Rie.CUP H.C Ramsaytot,h.dflP.H(. SFttnel. SL. Dof. a(ursn H.P.,.Gendl Berele,CDvenprtda,B..San-ey Golea,,ew artt,nDesteum, G.H . Heneage, H..C . Grttenha e, C.na obartessormanteMacdonald,. 0.Asihey.TonSmtis H. T. Smith H.P..ge We.gOrmbGorse, C. Ross, Bilh ha on Taylor H. WaddiPgatt MeBrowne H. Huseazlan eMny. H.P,sBrnael Oaquasborne, H.Hippartey.C. Wao. Codingon,H.P, MuRo. Rib ure. H.P.,-John Sho Drafonro, Str,eee,H.. yddeltoulduph alr BiwaddVyse, CA.Mpitgone, L.dCost, 0.ii Biowrdng, HP,o.d.riie.on H.A (o.t. Blomfey, Rotschld, F.res PrmeelyHP, G.rFargbe.hareon H.lC.r,tBuck, W. Gavendiab G Barley, Godi ake. Sntiuk lto Westeorn, C. Hnesge C.r"I T ttenhiam Bonhani Carteyr,dHP. BuFa.U . Elre, nn,eHP. Hug Seymour, W. Ccbitt. H.P.,ey G. Erno Hlartonet T.P.. G.bon J. Hockar, 3. Kirklan, Robert J. Shaw Clark. C. Stamish C.and.iBruce, Gibbs,tGovnr, B. Hldy . Bromey, W. Marshall, H.P. Chbarle 1.S. Mdis H. SzBetmour mIth,Vrt5o C.mth, GrnILl T.Smith . F. Gipp sle,H .Ston, Majonvank e, Edgar enoying. e. Hanky iAnn. ., Frdeic Srwyer, B.we Pormaby Gakore, DeeVders Stuart.ue Bigma ipon EJ.Cdirbi,A Tenssonzg.-Wood r ene, C .ak Ma eomey Goodlae, GOsboW Soensetge B. armabyGr. CummingofBruted, Wnhanmi.f W.piers,Patt, Goiburon, Hid.-Harsey iin, Barley, Diszaraeli, Fharleia MonG.St JohbCnterd BagotR. H. Bralilie. H Rch Pubrnee, Berest obrtlB F-Wmond,Sa Mydefewtn I idduph Haylor, Howarmoys, A1.. MHonwomry, Adding-y Boton, Bowing,U SeCodrmr, it orsn-Rot, BL.ed Garigge,. Stelud, B.RomRley Burourihaes.ug Seymoullr, BuckstW Gamearsh S .aCaoen dishm.-BnlCkr Elno, Clford, Boot s, CaGrwelBot, T. Ha3ry on. Btar. B.aWynyard),,DomePint. C YW ren ument, C .Rair ElIe,uoG.erkLeyd. L0fbome.2. Stanish StaniserH,p 2 3. Gladtne, GdunTe P.Sotnerse. KPiprnan1, H. Prmbants B.S.A2) . Aeyficisonet2) Smih Wyemnya Smith, H. . Sminth. H. M ps2e, H. iG Pasutons, Bouenoie, CoeAmy Boyle. Lock hope Johnstonel Spalhingio Htaibberhntad, H. Aev.. Towteey 0.eRraeledo2, Ednl Feerik Sayeroloc, Lowe,L Poarrtal Bsckhlle, Beedes, G. Vi tLers Start, Maud Bridgearn,R Saipson. ~IL J.ladrugen,y Jun Tennyson, Wood, Clark2) Mailcolm, J oorlak, 3osbfern,2) Sitmearsetk may, B.nge B..Shridan Baew,a ha Os efre, B 2g. robrtaElite, Sha LfgereonP H.) enepys, HDuteon Beamon, P.ubuH. Howardnc Cry, Ice.. Boathunt King ),H.L Syor, nHon.man-Bagot L2. Hardingen, Gagnd2, Do.gB. Ric Beoirleau Hugh Semor Castin, Galner Saiutton.ser M`sahon,Faruhrwe, Goreqooh, A. Goreen Boot, A.oBoire ne, Stuarie Ramsey As2.r A$e. Somerset,2F. Beaumont.,2E.Beamost, . lLOm Ose 2,Eit Palmc Hfntoper12, Aloseander. GHope, Soeri et(9. MaPremansle.2)B.lenantf(2d, HerlayHtcMines (2). Dalas Wytnyad Smithg (2),BGat parmarn,(21es Aldrich, PgssonDeds, 2),ouxiamy Fitzuroy. BerkeleyLwr (2), Clrke (2), Gelck ardw,l Grartgyutie orrn ier, Bauriong; Elo C() orbneto (21,eTe Lascrln ers.() robi (2). Fitzparick Egeron (). Hnle ~ 2, Buton 2),Gouour.Pakey, Reeve (), Bathret.Cos (2) IL rinto.Henege 2), H arrendton, Gg (2) Doulas(2) Rileu (1,H. . Kng,GeIe ai2ic hithester ,Arunard,-Jones, Lyons,e Feaglbot, DergaDe (2) Masteor, i. Batuns. da iddeT. Ewarti(2). Rorde (2,J.a Goraont SRttG. BonH.Eetn,Boirgoyne ELuicng(2), MF.re Gfreevie, SirsW.lH.sG(2), Tromrdg (2. Fitzroy. I Shyelley Ross urteaynol, W ihitsd Hon.Sirby, F.dle Werkley. () Batedo(ne, Competincl, Sair J Climfor(2, Bo W.Eyre(2, WA.eA.er, CMoonhaieff on.cA. Stracey, Ilson Fatte (2) C. Tuarner,,Si B.orgon (2) Lowher WPentherall (2).Ai, StewrtR Mactenri, Sirsou. Goma, iereJ Chatter() olland MacSi()rigt.Copr 3. Freeth, Sir Hew BOSs, Right Han. Sir E. Blakmeney,'8ir Gco. Pollock Sir F. Ashworth. B. Drummond, Sir G. Broan, Sir A. Dalrjmple, Sir T. McMahon, Hon. Sir B. Cost, Poel. MP Sir Howrd Dougla. Sir G.Berkeley, SirW.P.P. Rapier, C. Diggie, SirH.F.D aie, 8ir(. owOles, Dupui3, Reeve, Cator, Sir Pred. Smnith, Wylde, Sir J. M. COLoN Ms,&-H. R. James. . Pole, R W&rdlam. W. HL Tottenhaw, Ron. 3. L. Browne, B. B. Kelly. H. Hume. A. Sterling. G. 0. Clarke, B. de Salls, I Fyler. Wyndhim, T. . KellY, Adair, LP.. IL Bagot T. Hurdle, Bak:er. G. T. C.Naper, Hort. Haon. IL 0. Lowther, hSP., J. B. Smyth, S. North, H.P., A. Percival, Sir J. J. Hamilton, Sir T. Troubridge. Stephens W. F. Faotert, EIIson, Pitzmayer Franklyn Hon. Hi Hely Hutehinson. Bosrowres 3. K. P;Pon, Cator. Hugh Pai'dhe, Higg ins, endy. I. Wilson Patton1 M-P . Ion. B9. G. D. Pen. nant, P.~, F. H. Sesmour. P. Cavendiab, Hon. Edw. Littleton, C. Kemoys Tynte. Biount. B. Somerset. Dalgetty, Hoan,rt Claremont, CliSford, XLP.: Haviney, King. Munro, F. Seymour, Did. dn)ph. 3. Cmristie, Sir W. Daniso4, J. Steele,.3J W. Smith, Lord W, Paulot. Tyrwhitt, Sir 3. W. Wilson, ELDite, T. Wood, Sir J. N. Hlarrise Stopner, Claremont. Baweon, C. Bigot. Oliphant, ManSe. MA.sors,-A W B.Bon, W. U. Constance, G. L BrownF, B. Tomkinson. H. Holden. H. B. Benson. Tomkinson4 Howard Vrse, Owenr H. Clifton. 3 B. AddiLon H. F. Pansonby, Loyell, Heme, Pnrve ,L. Gardinr, Biddulpb, G.Graham. CtrTAiss-Bate3on, H.P., G. Giffard, G. Goldnsmid, Fred Sayer, T. 3. Kearney, R. Beaumont, Hon. L MlIs, Moore, G. Stevenson. 3. Gladstone, H.P., Osbom4 Blake. L.ord G3. Paulet,B. 3. Macdonald, J. Washington. Morse, H. J. Codrineton, W. Peel. DoFlat.P Sitwell, a. G.Bobinson, Bedford, 3ervis, Carrie, H. F. Cot gRowley Lambert, G.Rgodney Mundy, W. Hi. Hall, B. BStur, Moors. Connmrs w.s.-Hon. A. Coclarane, Hon. T. Palenham, Hon. A. Cockrane, Hfon. A. Drnammond. Ion. F. Pakonhom. Lc rsENU e rs.-Stirling, Hon, W. E. SacKille West, F. Premantle, Coreeli. The following had also the honour of receiving invitations, but owing to domestic afflictions wero prevented from obeying Her Majesty's commands. The Lord Chancellor and Lady Crauworth, Lord Panmure and the Hon. Miss Maule, the Duke and Duchess of Northumberland, Misn Burdett Couts, Mr. T. Greene, ALP., and Mrs. Greene, Viscount and Viscountess Ebrington, the Marquis And MIarclioness of Waterford, Sir E, Laday, and two MissesAn. trobus, Mr. and Mnrs. A. Blac-ood and Miss P. Wright, Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Shirley, Hon. A. and Mrs. Yinnaird, ]Ion. Sir H., Lady, and MissDymoke, andFrancesg Countees of Waldegrave.
FOREIGN INTELLIGBNLYCE. FRANCE. &Ro0 oUR_owN COMESPOINDMT.) tAPportion of the folowdng appered !n our second edilton .r i,A v --I rAK,1111 _"Ol'ODXY JUN- 16, {i P.Mf. The fMeO of yesterday was of a peculiarly popular character. It was ushered in by the honours of a salute from the guns of the Invalides and Vincennes. From an early hour crowds were on the move towards the Champs Elysces, the Esplanade des Invalides, and the Barriere du Tr6ne, which were the three great points of attraction. On the last tvwo platforms were erected, and military pantomimes and humorous pieces of buffoonery were enacted, which brought together a great number of spect stors, evidently delighted with what was going on. Four poles, made slippery with grease, were planted with gifts for prizes at the summit, for those who had courage and perseverance enough to reach it, and a considerable number of competitors made the trial. Tsheir failures appeared far more pleasing to the crowadthan their success. But what afforded most amusement to the public was the sending up balloons carrying bonbons for thesn to scramble for. Three hundred of these were let off in the Esplar-ade in the course of the afternoon, and at about 5 a large balloon was sent up, from which bags of bonbons were thrown down among the crowd. Everything pawsed over with great good humour, and the crowd seemed much pleased with the amusemn:cts, favoured as they were by the fineness of the weather. The proceedings at the Barriere du Tr6ne were somewhat similar, excepting that there was no balloon ascent. At all the theatres gratuitous performances were gven, each house performing its best and newest pieces. Immense audiences were everywhere to be seen, and, as is usual wvith the French public when admitted without payment, the greatest attention was paid to the performance. The Boulevards and public promenades were crowded all day, and the I reparations made for the illuminations proved .hat the display would be infinitely superior to that of the day before. Towards the evening, the crowd scemed to divide into two vast streams one proceeding to the Place de la Concorde and the other to the ]!arri6re du Tr6ne, where two splendid feux d'a)-fce wvere to be displayed simultaneously. An immense assemblage of people took possessicn, at an early hour in the evening, of the terrace cf the garden of the Tuileries, and of every available spot on the Place de la Concorde which com2rsanded a view of the illuminations. The whole attraction of the latter, as far as the western end of Paris is concerned, was concentrated in this iaeighbourhood, and the remaining quarters of the town, notwithstanding the general and brilliant nature of their illuminations, remained comparatively deserted. The view offered from the Place de la Concorde was magnificent in the extreme. A brilliant garland of fire extended from the sardens of the Tuileries to tle Arch of Triumph, which started out from the darkness of the evening in livid brightness. The Champs Elys6es presented -a fairy-like scene; a triple row of white and variegated lamps, intersected by brilliantly-coloured 'Chinese lanterns and transparencies, hung in festoons along either side of the road; while at .intervals were suspended chandeliers artistically constructed of wire and oil lamps. Similar chandeliers were spread in profusion amid the trees of the Champs Elysees, and heightered the colouring of the scene. A species of lower had been erected around the fointain w hich divides the Champs Elys6es, and the appearance of the wrater, sparkling through the encircling lines of light, was extremely beautiful. The Arch of Triumph, which closed in the viewf, +-was one mass of flame; and, such was the effect created by the illumination on the distance, that the immense length vhich separates that edifice from the Tuileries appeared reduced to a third of its real proportions, and the imagination could therefore easily appreciate the extent of labour and ingenuity which had been lavished on the adorninent of the spot. Along the facade of the terrace of the Tuileries was erected a continued line of arcled framework, on which were suspended a I rofusion of glass lamps, forming a variety of pleasing devices. The alternate initials " N." and " E." crow-ned this erection, which presented the appearance of a succession of bowers. A triple festoon of lamps, corresponding with the arranaemients of the Champs Elys6es, was drawn up along the principal avenue of the Tuileries. The magniticent Rue de Rivoli could be traced as far as the eye reached; a vivid line of gas ran along the facades Gf the houses, turning night into day, and throwing a strange fanciful light on the massive proportions of the Louvre. The various Ministries in this quarter were brilliantly illuminated; that of the MUinistry of Marine was, moreover, richly decorated with velvet hangings. The Cerele Imp&rial closed in the Place de la Concorde with an effective display of illuminations. The street itself was decorated with festoons of lamps, and thus gave regularity to the coup d'ait2. The opposite bank of the Seine enriched the scene. The Pont de la Concorde had been closed during the day, in order that the extensive preparations made around the Chambers should be carried on without intemrption. The Mfinistry of Foreign Affairs attracted universal admiration. The elegant proportions of this building were brought into relief by brilliant rows of gaslights, which shone brightly, and resisted even the dangerous rivalry of the fireworks. The " frigate," moored along the light bank of the Seine, was tastefully decorated w-ith lamps and lanterns. The illuminations were generalvwith the private houses and public establishiients. They, however, resembled to the letter tLose rendered familiar by similar displays on the ecasion of the proclamation of peace, the entry of the Guard, &c., and consisted of a more or less effective arrangement of paper lanterns. The theatres of the capital were brilliantly illuminated with gas. Ihe cafis and restaurants along the principal lines of thoroughfare gave vent to a laudable amount of emulation, which increased the enjoyment of the multitude. The restaurant of the Terrasse Jouzffroy merits particular mention for the taste evinced in the arrangement of its display. The illuminations in front of 'he Bourse were characterized by a want *;f novelty and a decided appearance of dullness. The dome of the Pantheon and several churches were illuminated. The calmness of the evening and the absence of wind favoured the display of lights, and altogether the illuminations of last night were equal to any recently -witnessed in this capital. The preparations for the fireworks were on an extensive scale. At half-past 9 the Emperor gave the signal for the commencement of the display by discharging a rocket from a balcony of the Ministry of Marine, which had been magnificently arranged for the Imperial Family and the Court. Scarcely had the signal rocket soared into the airworhn a reply of rockets took place from the Quai d'Orsay, while the cannon of the Invalides commenced an uninterrupted discharge. After a display of fireworks of every species, a representation of a Gothic edifice containing a baptismal font was lighted, and excited, by the beauty of its construction and architectural form, a remarkable enthusiasm among the immense multitude. Another discharge followed, and then an edifice corresponding to the first was fired, with the same marks of approbation. A tremenGous discharge of rockets and a bouquet concluded the proceedings. The Emperor appeared repeatedly at the balcony, and graciously acknowledged the enthusiastic acclamations of the crowd. The greatest order prevailed thrbughout the evening among the thousands of spectators. The illuminiations were not confined to Paris alone ; they extended to the remotest hamlet in the Banheue. A person who came in last night from Sceaux, a town eight miles distant from the capital, says thab every village, and indeed every house on the way, was illuminated. The fireworks, though exceedingly tasteful and brilliant, were not kept up as long as was expected. The disappointment was slight, however, as it was understood that more than half of the sum voted for that object had been appropriated to bhe victims of the inundations. M. de Persigny, who has been in Paris for some days past, to be present at the fetes, has been named GO-and Cross of the Legion of Honour, and M. Pietri, Prefect of Police, Grand officer of the same. The M3obiteur says:- " By order of the Emperor, medals to commemorate the baptism of the Prince Imperial have been distributed to all the children of the lycEs, colleges, primary schools, salles d'asile, &c., and to all the non-comnmizsioned offlcers and soldiers of the Army of Paris. These medals, 120,000 in number, are of silver, and on the model of pieces of 50c., ana they bear on one side the efligiee of the Emperor and Empregs, andon the other that of the Prince Imperial, with the date of June 14, 1856-" The Prefect of the Seine, on the occasion of the baptism of the Prince Imperial, has presented a bag of bon-bons to each of the 50,000 children attendinc- the primary schools of Paris. 7Ae fete of the baptism of the Prince Imperialwas celebrated on Sunday with great public rejoicings in all the principal towmns of France. During the procession to the Church of Notre Dame on Saturday it was remarked that their Highnesses Prince Louis Lucien iBonaparte, Pringie Lucien Murat, Prince Joseph Bonaparte, and Prince Joachim MIurat, did not form part of the cortege. In point of fact, they appeared to attend the ceremony rather as independent strangers than as members of the family of the EGmperor. They, however, signed the baptismal register. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received: l us it TlJR1M- Ju--- 15. "To-day, on the occasion of the distribution of medals to the troops retmrned from the Crimea, the King addressed to the soldiers a speech, of which tho following is a passage:-' You have worthily responded to my expectations as well as to the hopes of the country, and you have justified the confidence of the allied Powers, who offer to you today a solemn acklowledgment of their high opinion. I now receive back your victorious standards, certain that if the interest and the konour of the country oblige me to restore them to you, you will ever and everywhere cover themn with fresh glory.' These words were hailed wita enthusiastic virvat. The ceremony responded, on the whole, to the general expectation." "MALDRID, Jusn 14. "The Cortes have authorized the marriage of the Infanta Amalia with Prince Adalbert of Bavaria. CsJuE 15. "The Government accepts the mediation of France in the difference with Mexico." A private letter from Athens, dated the 8th, states as follows:- "You are aware that Admiral Bouet-Willaumez had taken on hunself to guard the line of road from Athens to the Pirseus, and with that object had caused about a hundred Dragoons to conie from France. On the night of the 6th inst. a band of about 40 brigands proceeded to that part, and, having plundered some travellers, kept hold onI three of them, who were supposed to be wealthy. and carried them off to the olive woods to the -right of Athens. There the brigands encountered a French patrol, on w-hom they fired, and wounded two men. They proceeded thence to a village distant about a league from Athens, and pillaged it. They killed a Gendarni, and took, off two proprietors with them to the mountains, Public indignation is at its height, and all honest men deplore the obstinacy of the Court of Athens in not recalling General Kalergi, whose energy and influence would soon put an end to these acts of brigandage. The French inuister is, they say, furious at these things, and purposes punishing the patrons and protectors of these bands of robbers." In alluding to the reduction of the French army in my letter a day or tw o ago I mentioned the numher as 100,000-a misprint now makes it 200,000. The real number of men to be sent to their homes is, I am assured, 95,000. Count de Tocqueville, father of M. Alexis de TocqueviMe, member of the French Academy, has just expired, at the age of 92, in his chateau of Claroix, in the Oise. The deceased was son-in-law of M. de Malesherbes, and had filUed high public functions. He wrote, at the age of 80 years, a philosophical history of Louis XV., and another work on Louis XVI. The retail trade of Paris benefitted during the week, by the return of the fine weather and the extraordinary influx of strangers, attracted by the fetes on the baptism of the Imperial Prince. The commercial situation generally has not, however, improved. The manufacturers have received few orders since the commencement of the month from foreign countries, and none at all from the departments ravaged by the inundations. There is, besides, a great scarcity of money. Bankers wlho can realize from 20 to 30 per cent. every fortnight at the Bourse by snaking reports, or continuations, are little disposed to discount commercial bills at the legal rate. The setting in of a more genial temperature has hitherto exercised no influence on the corn-market. The rise of the preceding week mainitained itself, both in Paris and the neighbouring markets. The best sorts of flour were sold as high as 95f. 50c. and 96f. per sack of 157 kilogrammnes. Contracts for immediate delivery were difficult, in consequence of the scantysupply. Those for future deliveryweremore animated. Some sales forJulytook place at 94f., but the highest price that could be obtained for the last four months was only 77f. All the advices from the provinces state that the weather was extremely favourable to all the growing crops, and that wheat in particular presented the fairest promise. The markets, nevertheless, were inadequately stocked, and prices accordingly evinced an upward tendency. Transactions were very limited in the southern departments, owing-to the interruption of comniunications by the floods. In the west there was a slight decline in prices, but in the North and: East the movement was upward. Letters from the Danubian provinces, dated the latter end of May, announce that there was every prospect of a most abundant harvest in Moldavia and IJpper Vallachia. There was no channe in the cattle market. As respects the vines, which more or less suffered fiom frost in April last, a half-crop is expected in the south, and a little more in Burgundy, Beaujolais, and Champagne. There is every prospect this year that the oiditim will not cause extensive ravages. Brandy is rising. The MHontpelier sells for 176f. per hectolitre, and spirits extracted from beet for 116f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. 30c. for the end of the month; and the New Loan at 71f. 35c. Orleans Railway Shares, 1,370f.; Great Northern, 1,125f.; Strasburg, 925f.; New Shares, 850f. ; Paris and Lyons, 1,472f. 50c.; Lyons to the MIediterranean. 1(i70f. ; WVestern of France, 930f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 780f.; Great Central of France, 650f. ; Lyons and Geneva, 800f.; Bank of Cre'dit Mlobilier, 1,785f.; Austrian Railways, 885f. Cours Authemtsue.-PARxs, June 16.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. 50c.; Three per Cents., 70f. 50c. 71f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 71f. 20c.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 71f. 20c.; Bank of France, 4,050f.; Credit Foncier, 695f. ex. div - ditto Obli"ations of 500f., Tenths, Three per Cents., 82r. 50c.; &6dit Mobilier, 1,745f. 1,7350f. 1,740L. 1,785f. - Piedmontese Five per Cents., 92f. 50c. ; Austrian F;ive per Cents., 91A; llente de Naples (iLotbachild's), 113; Romans, 86; Spanish Interior Debt, 41N. Exchange on LJondon, at sight, money, 2Sf. 35c.; three months, mnoney, 25f. 24c. AUSTRIA. (FRO3r OUrR OWn CORRESPONDExNT.) VIENNA, JuNEX 13. It was always denied in official circles that Baron Werner, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, was going to Rome, but letters which have to-day been received announce his arrival in that city. On his way to the Papal dominions Baron Werner visited Marshal Radetzky, and military men state that the veteran soldier told the statesman that in his opinion the conclusion of the concordat with Rome " was a political blunder." It is very possible that the Marshal did not make use of the words quoted, but it may be considered certain that he did not conceal from Baron Verner how sorry he was to see the fortunes of Austria and Rome so intimately connected. After the Austrian statesman had held several prolonged interviews with the experienced Governor of the Lombardo-Venetian provinceshe left for Rome, where he is likely to remain some time. It is probable enough that the result of the episcopal conferences will be discussed while Baron | Werner is at Rome, but it is known here that hi:s principal object is, if possible, to convince Cardinal Antoneili and his colleagues of the necessity of making reforms in the adninistration. Personswho have just returned from Italy have given me information relative to the actual state of things in Rome and Milan, which is of the greater value as their position in society enabled them to see something of what was passing behind the scenes. Several organs of the foreign press assure us that the most perfect harmony prevails between the French and Austrian diplomatic agents at Rome; but the truth is, that they are extremely jealous of each othefs influence. The AuLstrian party at Rome, which is already more powerful than the French, is daily increasing in strength; but Pius IX. himself has as strong a dislike to the German element as he had when lie first seated himself in the chair of St. Peter. It is at present the policy of the Papal Government to lean on Austria, but it would soon show a bias in favour of France if NapoleonIH. were willing to make half the concessions that have been made bv the Eimperor prancis Joseph. In MilIan no outbreak is feared, but the social relations between the Austrian officers and the Italians are even more unsatisfactory than before. For many years the Italian vobiU have closed their houses and boxes at the theatres against the Austrians; but they now affect not to remark their presence if they chance to meet them in the house of a mutual friend or in the street. Thesenior officers take the thing coolly enough, but those who are jealous of their reputation as ladylillers are driven to despair by the cold and con- temptiuous behaviour of the beauties of the Lorabard capital. In the bills of mortality nothing is said of the cholera, but it' has again appeared in the western and south-western suburbs of the city. There have been cases in the 'Gumpendorf, Schottenfeld,' and Alser suburb's, where the diseas was very prevalent at this time last year. The shares of the Western (Yienna-Sal2burg) Railroad Company will be issued on MIonday next, and the line between Vienna and St. Polten is- to be commenced without delay. AJ thie Austrian Credit Bank has within the last few days bought Western shares (promises) to a large amount, and at a premium of 12M per cent., it must be presumed that that cautious establishment has a good opinion of the undertaking. Mlany English houses are' largely concerned in the LdmbardoVenetianRailroads, but,strango to say, thoWestern Railroad is only now beginring to find favour in the sight of the foreign public. For anythinc' that is here known to the contrary, the lines are equally good, but the former is at 28l per cent. prennium, while the latter is only at 121 per ceut. The Austrians'seern resolved to surpass all other nations at Mos*ow, for an! unlimited 'credit has been granted to Prince Paul Esterhazy. Count Valentine Esterhazy, the Austrian Minister at' St. Petersburg, is also making preparations for the coronation, and on no small scale, as you wiU readily suppose on learning that State liveries are being made for 120 footmen. The bishops, whv are extremely desirous to get rid of the Protestant professors from the universities, have proposed to Count Leo Thun to niaJ e the universities of Vienna, Prague, and Pesth exclusively Catholic, but the idea is said not to have met with the approval of that Minister. It is not doubted that by degrees the Roman Catholic hierarchy will get everything into their hands, but it is foreseen that the reaction will be terrible. The particular attention of the British commercial world is called to the following paragraph:" During the last two years the inhabitants of Turkey in Europe have become accustomed to get from the Austrian markets a vast number of articles which they formerly obtained from England. The Austrian manufacturers, foreseeing that if a 'great exertion is not made they will not be able to compete with the English in the cheapness of iron goods, have applied for the counsel of the Minister of Finaance. That functionary, who, is well aware that heavy iron goods are taken on board almost as balast by British vessels going to the Black Sea ports to fetch corn, tallow, and hides, has persuaded'the Danubian Steam Navigation Company to make such a reduction in its tariff for goods as is necessary to enable the Austrian manufacturers to enter into suecessful competition with their rivals." There was scarcely any business done on 'Change to-day, but the precious metals rose one per cent., although the rate of exchange on London and Paris was unchanged. RUSSIA. (FROIZ OUR BERIEf COBBRSPONDEET.) BERLIN, JNE'15. The report that General Kochonovitsch, the defender of Kinburn, had been condemned to death by a court-martial for his surrender of that place is not correct; before any judgment was -pronounced, or the trial thoroughly gone into, the General appealed to the mercy of the Emperor; in preference to entering upon any defence or exculpation. No doubts are entertained that his confidence in the clemency of the Emperor will be justified by the result; the greatest possible sympathy is exhibited for him, for during a long period of military service he had on all occasions performed his duty to the satisfaction of his Emperor, and on this occasion of his surrender of the fortress the necessity of so doing is traced to an ill-deserved confidence which he had placed in those around him and under him. It does not appear at present that there is any immediate intention of rebuilding Sebastopol; now that the harbour is no longer to be used for vessels of war, the value of the site is almost destroyed, for as a commercial station it cannot in any way bel compared with Odessa. It is understood, however, that some few points of the southern part of the city, which are requisite to the completion of the system of defence of which the north side forms only a portion, will be restored. A plan for fQrtifying Eupatoria has been proposed, discussed, and rejected; and as regards the defence of the Crimea, it appears as if Russia intended for the present to content herself with what she can make out of the remains of SebastopoL The claims that have been sent in to the Government for com-| pensation for damage sustained in Sebastopol and Kertch already amount to more than 3,000,0003 silver roubles; according to 'the proportion for i which the Government holds itself liable it will have to pay fully 1,000,000 towt ards these losses. The post of chef of the Black Sea division of the fleet has been abolished, and the administration of the affairs of that branch of the service has been made over to the head of the administration of the Baltic I fleet, with which it is in fiture to be incorporated. Further, the civil administration and the whole internal government in general of the Tschernomorian territory has been put under the control of the Commander-in-Chief of the separate Caucasian corps, General Mouravieff. Under his orders also the Ataman of the Tschernigorian Corps of Cossacks is to be placed, and the statute of its constitution is to be altered accordingly. This union of civil and military power in the hands of the Conimander-in-Chief in the Caucasus, and tlhis exteiision of his authority in those regions, indicate the deliberate intention of prosecuting the mission which Russia assumes of "civilizing" those mountainous tribes. The Princess Mickeladse in Kutais has been sentenced to 20 years' hard labour in the mines of Siberia for havimg procured the murder of her husband at the hands of four men, with one of whom she was living in adultery. Her son, Prince Aslan Mickelad&e, about 14 years of age, has been condemned, on account of complicity, to forfeit all his hereditary rank and titles, and to enter the ranks of a regiment of the line. Till within the very latest times Russia had only one Consul in China, who resided in Canton ; but very recently wo hear of Baron SolWinski, a well-knowvn student of the Chinese language, having been accredited to the Government of China as Charge d'Afliaires, and he will reside partly in Macso and partly in Canton. There are also to be ' three new Consuls to be appointed to the Celestial Emnpire, whose places of residence will be fixed by. the abovementioned Charg6 d'Affaires. In official circles at St. Petersburg there appears to be a very uncomfortable feeling towards the Sultan and his advisers. Previously to appoint-' mig a new Russian Minister to the Porte the Rutsian Government has caused a fewY preparatory inquiries to be made, and has arrived at the unexpected and - unwelcome resuilt that the Sultan Abdul Medjid entertains an inconvenient amount of sympathy for his westerly protectors. A Minister is to be' appointed very shortly, but no great expectations of anything like friendly relations are entertained-for the present at least. The Emperor 'arrived at Riga on the 6th inst., early in the day, and proceeded at once tothe cathedral, where he -was received by the Archbishop Platow and the orthodox clergy; the cros and the holy water were, as usual, borne out to meet the Emperor; and he had, as usual, to listen 'to l I clerical address. After divine service the En'perorheld a reception in tho schloss there, and it 1 o'clock drove to the plain of Dreylingsbusch, aboiut five versts from the town, and held a review of the' entire Baltic army. In the evening the town was illuminated, and the Emperor attended a ball gdt up in his honour by the Livonian gentry. The Grand Duike Constantine paid Helsingfors la visit at the end of May,for the purpose of inspecting the new works at Sweaborg, and of being present Ft the departure of a large portion of the troops that have been for some time past stationed there. In his preserice 40 battalions froni a variety of dit- ferent regimeints were embarked for the purpose of' being landed on the opposite coast, and then, pur- suing their march into the interior. With the ei-. ception of the short time spent on shore in visiting Eelsingfors.aiid-Sweaborg, the Grand Duke did not leave the war steamer Rurik, which had conveyed him thither. According to a notification published by the- Senate- of Finland May the 27th; ateameis' and sailing veisels both of iron and timber'are for, the space of five ye ars to be allowed to be"imported ' free of duty, together with their whole rigging and fittingsup. TheGrandDukeConstGintine has by dint of great exertion obtained for all the officialt:of the .Department of the'3Ianno. an'mprovement of their salaries,so'thafinfuture 'they~.wil notb e *ithoutt1eq mieaus of iving hdi,estly anid'd6in6thbeirdaty boy the, service. in the prosecution ;of thi' .priniciple thua he has laid down'-that theE impZofp can: 6bly do'J the State good service when ho is not distra ed by the cares of gubsistone-he has called upon the chefs of the various other branches of the Administration to state in writing what measures can best be taken for improving the service of the State. Among the great varidty of answers to which this circular has given rise that one is beheved to have hit the right nail on'the head which points out a simplificati'on of the machinery of administration as the great desideratnm. This view seems also to have been adopted; but, as evil consequences might be expected from suddeiily and sim.ltaneously depriving so'large a number of superfluous officials -of their bread, it has been resolved for the present only to designate the isuperfluous offices, and when they become vacant not to fill them again. The presentation of fourRussian Orders at once to the- Emperor Louis Napoleon ari'ses from the necessity umposed by iRussian'etiquette inthis matter to hand tho orders of' Alexander lNewkid, Wiadimnir, snd Annen to any recipient; of the highest orderthat of St. Andrew, if he be not already in posses. sion of them. STATE OF NAPLES. (FnioX OUR OWN CORRiSPONisN.) NAPLES, Ju-s '12. I have been in close attendance on the political trials since I wrote you last; and, as many important features are developed in them, I mus -write y'ou somewhat more in detail than is -my custom; in fact, the wholeaffair seems to have been managed so - as' to create a - sensation. Something was wanted 'to strike- a paic; accordingly at one fell swoop no 'less-than 72 persons, I am now informed, were arrested so long back as last July. One by one, -where the meshes were too large, many were permitted to escape, though many of these were imprisoned until October, and now 11 only remain, whom I described in my last. The two priests, the friar, and the' lady were on a level with the court; the other prisoners 'in plain dresswere on an elevated platform. On this occasion a special Court has been formed, consisting of the two (Jamni-e of the Gran'd Criminal Court, presided over by the President Grimaldi, through whom -alone any quesstions can be put,- eitherby the prisoners or their counsel. 'Among strangers of distinction who were present I observed- the American and Prussian Ministers and the Secretaries of the Prussian and 'British Legations; 'but,' as the Tibune was closed, there'appeared to me to be an evident disinclination to permit a large attendance. The statement of the Attorney-General -was nothing more than a repetition 'of the aU4 di accusa; but I must not omit to speak of it as a decided illegaity and manifest injustice that the atto di accusa should have been drawn up by the Public Accuser. In Naples the law provides four Giudici In-i strutte-i, whost special duty it is to draw up prosecutions, but in the present case, by an arbitrary exercise of power,- this duty haxs been assigned to the Public Accuser. I mention it as a -fact, not as any 'subject of wonder. After the AttorneyGeneral had stated his case, the witnesses for the Crown 'were called and examined by the President. There are 50 for the prosecution and 100 for the defence,'so that many days must be expected to elapse before the trial will be completed. The first vitness for the Crown-the denouncer, - the foundation of the whole case, is a man called Pierro, the 4'forse penitente," as he is styled in the" 'atto' di acctsd. 'One or two' words as to the character of this man. He was a small shopkeeper-sQme say a' printer--and failed.-- In 1848 he affected to be a -violent Liberal, screaming out ". Viva la Costituzionie in every street. He became afterwards a "Penitent," entered the service of the Commissary Campagna, and, in pursuance of his office, day after day, and. month after month, 1 tracked the'footsteps -of the prisoners, smoked with them, drank with them, smiled upon them, and betrayedthem. "Infamous character!" all will exclaim; 'but does this man stand alone in the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies? No, there -are thousands such; and I will undertake to say 'that there is not a village, not a commnune, not a drawing-room in the kingdom, vwhere -such 'vermin ' are not to be found actively and hourly engaged in seducing and betraying the unwary and the innocent. " Infamous -nation !" exclani others; " what can be done for themn; and what of the'system of Government which sanctions and adopts such' practices; which sets a premium upon treachery and lying; which'exists by the sup- - port of -infamy,- and in defiance of all truth and honesty, and 'in opposition to the declared opinion of all wise and good men?" It is cowardly to attack a nation, and yet leave untouched a Government whose system is hourly sapping' the foundations of society. But I liad folrgotten Pierro ; 'within the last few months he has been arrested and imprisoned as the- bravo of a house of illfame. - Such is the principal witness of the Crown' in this 'age. 'Without recapitulating his evidence, I must content myself with saying. that the Presideiit was compelled to charge him with discrepanciesin his statements,' "divergenze essenziale.' "IHow do you account for this, Pierro 2" "Signor Cavaliere, 'Ho perduto mia testa," was the answer. "CLelhimgo !" Anmumber of other witnesses were called on-the first day, who deposed that the prisoners' were in the habit of frequenting the caff. and playing dominoes, but they had heard no political conversati6ns. Others deposed to having found papers in the hat of :Mignonna, and a-carta which he' had transferred from his mouth to his handkerchief ;. also some papers and prohibited books in their houses. Some curious statements were made during the daylby both witnesses and prisoners-as, fo' instance, Pierro deposed that MAignonna in-' forried hianthat noney,-arms; and amimunition were expectedfroniEngland '."Enter it, 'dal' Estero,"' said the President to the Chancellor. Again,it was stated by Mignonna, wvithout entering into details, that he had been menaced, isulted, and abusedbythepolice in s~uch langua?ge that he could not report to the Court. Another ' statement was made, I am informed, though- I could not catch it, that in one- day in -the Bagni of Procida between 1,000 and 2,000 lashes were given to some prisoners for attempting to send out letters with-' out the bolUa -of the Commander. Another statement' makes the number much higher, and declares'-that the operation lasted seven hours. For the -present I take the lowest calculation. These are -little - incidents. which will make you shudder; but wwhat, 'if some diable boiteux could take-off- all the roo'fs of all the prison-houses in this country arid reveal the mysteries which lturk in oar dark places! "' Beautiful country," many a traveller "vill say; -( so quiet, so apparently happy -we found the people. We- saw nothing of what your correspondent states, andlyet we are fresh from Naples." Of course, they did not; they went to- the YVittoria,I fodund a good taGlc dhte, drove round the Bay, paid the bill, and. w1ent home. On the second day (Wed'nesday) witnesses were 'called principally witha- view to elicit the - facts of a secret correspondence between the prisoners in. the Bagni 'of Procida and their friends in Naples. Muchtrouble' was taken to inculpate the female prisoner" Donna Antonietta* Pace, to whose name in the attodi' accusa is most unjustly and cruelly coupled an 'epithet -injurious to any woman. She is a native of Gallipoli, of good family, which has been reduced toDruin- by political persecution, and there are thousands such. I may not linger more at length on the iirsttwo' days of the trial. Still, I cannot conclude witllout an observation on the conduct of the. Attorney-General--'icoletti.- It was harsh; hostile,and- most u'ndignified. In proof of this,- he. objected to several witnesses being called, though in one dase-the question' was referred to the Court, and afterivards allowed, he - showed impatience at any' of the remar2ks of the counsel for the defence, and;, in ,one' inistance exclaimed " qtuste impertinenze"4 sneered at the idea-of the keeper of-a wineshop beiii an im,portant vYitness, though such. vermin as' Pierro was deemed, all-important; snubbed aid ' browbeat'the prisoners, and on the second 'day insulted 'one; fentto, in such away as to strike all the :Court '-with iurprise. The prisonerrose to-make s'ome 'obseryvatipns wh4ichhe ponsidered essential to -his de^fence (was it-unnatural inamanwithaNaplesprison and'i'riis 'for life in prospect 1), when the Attorney(enera" roared o6at - use the'termadvisedly, ":Tu sei iMi imuertmnen1tC2'- . and ulwill order you td' be u 'sspuin"fromthe courtif you arenot silent." Eveln thb Tresident-wad"'co)npelled'to- say, If " on atrart qI" "Don't:irritateyourself." ' In fact, in his per3on the-theory .of absoluiisnr is put in practice ;- he 'has. ,coniti down 'tpconduet a.prejudged -case;, The trial -is'a' formaity,' and;-right or wrong, the-victims must-be had. - Equal -justice compels: meto add that-in markeil-opposition-to the conduct. of- the -Ati rney-Genseral-wasthat ofthe President. It,would .-bave done honou-toey English Jndge;and'Tlhave. ple'asiure' 'recording' That, -up to .this. timie; Pre;'siulena"- Grinsaldi"7as' ditingnished - himself by 'i- dioindty of Bearifg; a, 'calmness, i piptiflity ;patien'ce-,And 'contiderati-on for the.prisoneis .i-hich .do'eqial hono.ur to his head and his helrt. -Tke trial will be resumed on Saturday. -
AIONH-MABKBRKPani CITYIKTLLIGENC. I _ Tuesday Evening. The quotation of gold at Paris is about 2 pe-r mille premium (according to the lawt tariff), Which, at the Engliih Mint price of 3W. 17s. lOidL per ounce for xtandard gold, gives an exchange of 25.22; and, the ecicange at Paris on London at short being 25.35, it follows that gold is about 0.50 per cent. dearer in London than in Paris. By-advicee from Hamburg the prIce of gold i5 423 per mark, wlich, at the English Mint pnce of S3.17x. 10id. per ounce for standard gold, gives an exchange of 1.3.3Z ; -and, the exchange at Hamburg on London at ishort being 25.51, it follows that goldi about 0.88 per cent. dearer in London than in amburg_ T - he course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days' sight - 109 per cent., and, the par. of exchange between iugland and Aierica being 109 23-40 per cent., it follows that the. exchange is nominally 0.17 per cent. in favour of En'gland; and, after -making allowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves a trifling profit on the importation o£gold from the IJnited States. - Although -the English funds have been firm today, they have shown less animation than was an. ticipated by the speculators at the commencemeat of business. Consols, which left off yesterday at 94t ex. dividend, were-first quoted 941 to . From this they- receded-to: 94f to i, but they-ultimately ,returned to the.opening price. The satisfactory announcements of. Lord Palmerston last evening, not merely withregard- to the continuance of intercourse with Mr. Dallas, but -also on the fact of the naval commanders off Greytown-having been strictly cau-tioned to avoid-all unnecessary collisions, caused several purchases to be. made at the opening of the market, but there was subsequently a disposition on the part of other operators to effect. realizations. Consol Scrip left ogf at 3 -premium; Bank Stock, -217 -to 218k; Reduced, 94i to i; Neew Tbre per Cents., 95 , Annuities, 30 years, 17j to i ;- Indiabonds, 9s. to 12s. premium; Exchequer-bonds, 993 to I§; and Exchequer-bills, 6s. to lOs. prenium. In the Stock-Exchange the rate for money remains at 5 per cent., and at the Bank- and in the discount-market there is a steady demand. - Foreign securities were generally firmer this afternoon, the operations having been on a more exten. sive scale. Purchases of Turkish Six per Cents. took -place at 100 and 100I for money, and MC0i, #, 100, 100W, i, and J for the account. The Four per Cents. Guaranteed were negotiated at 104, 104i, and J. The other business comprised-Austrian Five. per Cents., 92; Brazilian Small, 100;. Chilian Six per Cents., 105; Mexican, for account, 22i and I, and, after regular hours, 23 to i; PeruvianFour-and, a-alf per Cents., for account, 79 and 784; the Three per Cents., for the account, 56; Russian Four-anda-Half per Cents., 98i; Sardinian, for money, 911, 92j, and i; -for the account, 92; Spanish Three per Cents., 47 and 4G3; the New Deferred, 254 and-2; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97; and the Four -per Cent. Certificates, 961. In the foreign exchanges this aftemoon the rate upon Amsterdam was rather higher, but with regard to other places there was no alteration from last post. - The final, quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris, Bourse this evening were not despatched with clearness; but they are believed to have been MOf. 70c. for money and 71f. I0c. for the end of the month, showing a decline of a quarter per-cent. At Amsterdam and Vienna the markets likewise exhibit flatness. The mercantile letters from St. Petersburg state that the market for. foreign goods was quiet, and lilkely to remain without much alteration, since although some articles were wanted, others were in excess; and the apprehension of a change in the tariff is calculated to deter all persons from holding any quantity. 1roduce is much in demand, and large purchases are made of grain and seed. The destruction of the small craft during the war has led to unprecedented rates of lighterage, which now fall on the - English- consumer. From the Black Sea it is mentioned that the lighterage on wheat is equal to-lOs. per quarter. Nothing had publicly transpired respecting the Government intentions with regard either to loans or - railway concessions. Money at St. Petersburg was unusually abundant. 3!r. James- Laming, in a letter to the Lord Mayor as chairman of the recent public meeting on Australian postal communication*, proposes a route which he believes would enable the service to be performed in 50 days out and 45 days home, and yet afford those facilities for passenger traffic which are inconsistent wvith the expenses of the exclusively overland route. He would employ clipper sailing ships of 3,000 tons, with ten knots' steam powrer and fuel for 30 days' consumption.. The evidence taken by Lord I Jocelyn's committee proved that the westerly winds prevailing south of the Cape to Melbourne, made that above all others the most eligible route outward, and with a sessel of the character described Mr. Laming considers himself entitled to assume that the direct passage could be accomplished in 50 days. With regard to the homewvard route, he would proceed with the aid of steam round Cape Leeuwen to Maulitius, which could be reached in 20 days, and he would here trans-ship the mails, and such -passengers -as might prefer it, to a branch steaumer, which would take them to Suez in 15 days, whence thev would arrive in England overland in ten days, thus completing their passage in 45 days. Meanwhile, the principal vessel, after coaling for a couple of days at the Mauritius, rwould proceed to England, which she would - reach in 42 days, allowing two days' stoppage at the Cape, thus making her entire passage from Melbourne in 64 days. The great advantage of this scheme is that it combines the usefulness of the overland transit with the more permanent requirements of a cheaper route for ordinary passengers. It is likewise suggested that it might be the means of affording increased means of mail conununicationvith the Cape, since letters for that colony could be brought to Suez by the existing conveyance, thence by the branch steamer to the Mauritius, and on to the Cape by the homeward-bound steamer from Melbourne. This steamerwould remain two days for replies, and, reaching England with them in.30 days, would-make a course of post of only 67 days to and-from the Cape. * Advices have been received from Sydney vid Callaoto the 20th-of March, being 16 dayslater than those by. La Hogue, Trade was rather dull, attention being chiefly absorbed by the elections for the new Parliament. Messrs. Cooper and Dlonaldson, the popular candidates, had been returned for the Sydney hamlets. - -A coalition to return four candidates for Sydney wvas believed to have proved suecess.ful, -but the ofcial state of the poll had not been finally declared. The Gladiator had sailed for London on the 19th, and the James Booth had cleared on the 20th, both with full cargoes of wool. ,The weekly reports from the Amsterdam and 31otterdam - produce-market state that, although business was, inactive, prices on the average con- tinued to be well supported. The transactions in. sugar and coffee had been at previous quotations, but - the demand for rice had lately augmnentbed. From Rouen the accounts mention that the market for manufactures was steady, but that purchases were still limiiited. * BTuzrp andSon, Royal Exchange.
SOUHD D7J&E - I _ HOUSE OF CoMmoNs. : - r; The committee met yesterday in Boom No. 27, 'Kr. T'Vlliers in the chaii. The witness called was Mr. Edgar -o wring, BegT theBoard of ,Trade,-who said, the first treaty betwe4e. mark and othe.rcountries respecting the Sound Dues wa in 1544, and thistrpduced a distinction between pri,iIe'ed nd.nonnuileged 'vessels. ungland-wasgoneof theler .,cbsa and, Jer. goods iwere subject to a. duty of 1j pervcent., n.additionto the payment of a roe noUc on each veil. The next.treaty was in 1645, when an arrangement waa en,ied into.with Sweden ailI Holland, and the whole ystA&uof dues reduced to one rule. In 1670 a treaty,-forthe'list time, was made with England, applying the treaty of 1645to :heressels. In l7DlA-fresh treaty wismade with HoUSll, and at that time the light dues were fixed. lip to the year 1815 'she=suin collected found their way, into the psAAte coffers of the King of Dennmark, and his right to levy tEese dutes vras generally recognized throughout Lurope. In the years 1840-1541 negotiations were carried on between$orr country and Demnark, and the result 'was the treaty o'f the 20th of A ugust, 1841, w9hich RWussia, Prussia, and Swedenx afterwrards accepted. Tne chief provisions of this treaty were to maintan the tariff of the treaty of 16'45- It enumerated 40 articles on which a duty of 1 PerCent. was to be charged, and 70 other articles on which the duties were tobe reduced; and in the case of 200 other areicles the duties were to remain the same as were charged -200 years before; but these articles being cheaper now the dues were in reality much higher. The treaty was for 10 yewrs certain, and might be determined by either party giving 12 months' notice. By the CHAscEuor. of the EXC}IEQUE?.-He believed nif gnland were to give such notice she would be placinig herself n a worse position. n By the CELnum3uN.-There was no complimt as to the manner in which Denmark had carried out the treaty, as she had strictly.adhered to the rates of duty specified. - But practically, in consequence of the difference in the price of articles, the dues were m3uch higher than 1 per cent. Rr6m a document laid before the Prussian Chambers it appearod the average amount of the dues was 2. per cent., and-tbis was generally on colonial produce. irom an analysis of the cargo of a particular ship it was shown that the dues 'would be 2.15 per cent. of cotton, 2.75 on resin, LIS on coffee 3.75 per cent. on rice, &c. In another ship ginger paid per cent., and so on. These amounts related to the-dues on goods, and were independent of tonnage dues, which were chargedat 4' specie rix-dollars per vessel. Mr. Bowring read the charges upon a vessel entering the Sound, which, it appeared, amiounted to 32 rix-bank dolars and 28 stivers. The treaty, he said, applied a fixed su-m to vessels above 40 tons; below that size there was a graduated scale. The treaty of the United States of Amexria w'ith Denmark was in 1826, and it would expire in the present month. In 184the American Government made an offer of $0,000 for exemption from the Sound dues, and this appeared from a despatch from Mr. Buchanan to the American Minister at Copenhagen, dated October 14, 1848. In November, 1853, Mr. Marcy wrote a despatch, declining to make the offer, on the ground that the dues were contrary to international law and ought to be abolished. Since 1811 iiitness was not aware of more than- two representations having been made to the Board of Tmi4de respecting the Sound dues. Those were f-om Hull andLiver. pool, and they complained of the unequal operationaofthe duties and prayed for their abolition. .tie was not aware Iof any memorial having been received by the Board of Trade from the shipowners of London to the effect that the goDds sent by railway from Hamburg to Lubeck were free from the Sound dues. A-mong the complaints made to the dues was the way in which they were collected, and the detention and danger to vessels at 131sinore and this would~ be spoken to hy other witnesses. The charges wvere paid in' a gross sum by the captan of the vessel as she left or entered the Sound. In reply to a question by Mr. BRAMLEY MOORE, witness read alist of theshipping passing the Soundfroml846toI854, showing the percentage of English vessels upon the whole number. In 1846 English vessels were 23 per cent. of -the whole; in 1847 26 per cent.; in 184S 40 per cent.; in 1849 36 per cent.; in 185028 per cent.; in 1851 24aer cent., in 1na2 22 per cent.; tno153 21c per cent. and in 1S54.12 per cent. ' - By the CHArus;.-On the 4th of December, 1854 - ths President of the IJnited States aunonoced his intention of renouncing the treaty of 1826; and, in consequence of this notice, Denmark took steps to invito n congress 'of nations at Copenhagen to consider the question of the Sound dues. No definite result was, however, arrived at, arid Denmark said she could not make any irrangement ivith one party without the consent of alL If America refused to pay the dues to Denmark the eflect would be to give her a great advantage over other countries, as she would be able to monoplize the carrying trade. Several schemes hadbben proposed for disposing of the question; but the simplest of rill was certainly that of the United States-viz., a refusal to pay anything at alL. After some further discussion on the same point the com mittee adjourned until Friday next at 1 o'clock.
STATE OF TRADE. AxNCaE3TE:1, JuxE 17. There was an improvement in the yarn-market yesterday, and a considerable business was effected. We have - had less demand to-day, but still a fair business, and prices may be quoted about lNd. per lb. above the rates of last Tnesday. Cops and warps formanufacturers have gone off well,. and the demand includes export yarns for India, China, and Germany. For the Xediterranean the market is still rather quiet. 1robably a larger business -would have been done to-day but for the higher rates demanded by spin. ners. The cloth-market has not partaken of the improvement nearly so much as yarns, but the tone of Lord Falmerston's statement in the House of Commons last night on the American question has given much satisfaction, and the market has derived a healthier and more buoyant tone from the feeling imparted by it. Manufacturers are asking rather higher prices, and owing to this there has not been a large business done. Some descriptions of longeloths and T-cloths are in a better position, owing to a fair business within the last few days for Alexandria. The firmer tone of the market to-day, houwever, has moderated the demand for this quarter, and we have less doing. For India but little improvement is expected in the cloth-market for the present, the last aZlvices having been rather unfavourable. Messrs. John Slagg and Co. report:--" Since our las' report there has been a large business done in India andChina goods, at a slight decline from the prices generally asked on that day; there has also been an improved demand for some descriptions of T-cloths and loagelotha, chiefly for the Alexandrisa trade, and a fairamount of business done at steady rates. Yesterday and to-day, owing to the reduction of stocks and the advance on cotton, manufacturers are asking a slight advance on nearly all kinds of goods, but-it is only ina few instances and for maU quantitiesthat4it can be realized." Messrs. George Fraser, Son, and Co., say:-" Since Thursday last there has been a more active business dointg. and in some cases spinners and manufacturers have idvanced their quotations, to -which disposition the more active business doing in cotton at Liverpool, at firmer rates, has contributed. To-day, however, the previous improvement in our market has not been supporteC and business is LEEDS, JuNE 17. There has been but a small attendance of buyers in the cloth -halls this morning, and their purchases have been limited to small quantities, chiefly of cloth suited to thefall trade. There is no noticeable change in prices, but- thlose generally demanded are not readily given by the manufacturers. An impression appears to prevail that a fall in the price of Anstralian wool will occur at the July sales in London, and that, as aeconseqnence, woollenfabrics will'b8 cheaper in a month's time than they are at present. The report of to-day's Huddersfield market is as follows: -" The marlet is very quiet this morning. Low goods for shipping aro most required. lfothing newin styles. Stocks are on the increase. Production hls rather decreased."
RAILWAY AND MINING SHAEdL Tuesdy Evening. The- railway-market opened with. firmness, and purchases- generally took place at an.improvement. There was, however, less activity irn the later hours of business. Auistralian land and bank shares exhibited an advance, but the operations were limited. Canadi Land closed 132 to 134, and other descriptions were maintained with steadiness. In miscellaneous shares there ,were few ~operations, quotations in severalinstances having slightly declined. Ottoman Bank left off Ig to i pm.; Egyptian Bank, iSto 1- pm., .1ational Discount Campany, i dis. to par; Eiga IRailway, 21 to -1 pm.; Pernambuco Railway, 1 to i pin.; Lombardo-Venetian, 5o3 to pm.; Bank of Switzerland, i dis. to par; London and Paris,. 4 to 3 dis.; Alliance, 2 to 1 dis.; and lWestern of London, X dis. to i pm. ORDINARY SLARES A.AD STOCKS.
THE COBN T1?ADR. --l - T.TITMQ -lmwT - . We have a fair demaid for fresh g hea-t- atan advance of 2s. per quarter. AlU other linds of grIn Lfetch higher prices than lt Tnlesday. AIUtIVAX8 encciE Timi 7DAY wZ- LtVERPOOL, Jun-r 17. The arriTals from Ireland and coastwise, during the past week. have beenlight. Fromforeignports weehave received 17,088quarters of wheat, 845 quarters of beans, 253 quarters of peas, 36,024 quarters of Indian corn, 11 894 sacks, and 18,994 barrels of flour. beddes 2,4$2 quaxters of peas, 5U6 quarters of Indian corn, and 1,2D3 Larrelsof flour from Canada. The 'gxports in the same time have been larger than for sme time past, and include ,625' quaters of wheat, 17,365 quarters of Indian corn, 2,481 sacks and 2,571 barrels of fiour. Hotwithstanding the large deivtries from the fnrmers there has been a very healthy tone in thetrade since this day vweek. andpricesorall article have improved in value. Trhe weather has becomecbroken ardun- At this day's market there as only a thinattendance of the town and country trade, and the business done in wheat was for the most part confinea to a few retail purchases, at generally the full prices of Tuesday last. Flourwas inbetterdemand, but without alteration hn value. Oats and oatmeal were in moderate request, and a further a4. v an ce of ld. per 451b. and Is. lead established. Barley and beans wvere held for 2d. perfib. andi ls. per quaffer more money, but the sales were limited. At large parcelf of Canadian peas, just arrived, broughtBs3. SL. perO 001b. lndian corn was hn fair request, but holders generally asking 31s. per Qu.arter for prime yellowv and mixed and 32s. oeL per quarte for best vvhite only a moderate business re- suIted~~ ~~~~~~. _____ ___ [Advertisementj-" A Sutmmer in Northern Europe,"' by Selina Bimbury, author of "Life in Sweden," kc., in 2 voei, is inst publlshed, and may be had of aU booksellers. " Miss Bunbury is a lively and inteligent writer, and she has the knack of sketchng a scene or telling a story as pleasantly as any one we know of. These volumes give us her impressions of a tour in Sw eden, lNorway Finland, the Aland Isles, Gothland, ke., from which she hasrecently retmeesed They p resent us wvith some charming panoramic sketches of sonr and some lively sketches of character, which charm by the ferceof thefrtruthfelneas end simplicity."-*' Sundy Times." lIurit azid3XdwIaktt, publihera, Great Maalborcnl,h-street.
- -IRAILWA Y-INTELLIGENCE. - 'ROMTtAV 'RATtnT?.A-ArV?n_ h.TR?iilT. TVnTA The first annual meeti5g-of<-this-company was held on -lionday at the offipes Lijverpool-street-; the Earl of Devon in the chair. -,r' Th'e dir46a9r&d therepoit,' an-bstiacti -f 'which apT 'eared in The Times of Friday,. - The CnAanmsAx, it rsAoviing the adoption of the report,, said lie was happy lt. say,they"had gained some ad,*antagefrom the' experiince of-othercompanies. The result of opening the line frm Calcutta to Burdwan had esta-; bixsbedth&fact thattho population of India, both native and European,-were particularly anxiousto use the railway, . whichbwas avery important matter. Another iiostiin-. portant filct had been asceitained by theilr enginie, whlcbh was that earthworks for railways inindiacould bc executed'. for much less than was originally estimated; and in this opinion they were confirmed- by the execution f similar vorks on the Madras Railway. Under the advice of-theirable engineer,: Colonel Kennedy, they intended to execute - the earthworks on the Baroda line withoutt the intervention of any large contractor, by which they expected to save two-: thirds of the sum usually paid tcontractorsfor such works Theearthworkswoutld -be executed by native workmen -under . the superintendence of . the company's officers, arrangements having been made for that urposeo by their engineer, who had recently returned from India. - They had the s tisfaction to lknow that the MLadras Railway Company were executing works in that way with the greatest success. They had-every reason to believe that their most sanguine expectations would be-realized as to saving expenses in the construction of the line. A Proprietor was surprised to hear the statement of the chairman with reference to saving two-thirds of the ordinary cost of earthworks by the employment of native labourers under the superintendence of the comPanY's officers. Did the chairman mean to say that woris for which a contractor would require 3,0001. could be executed by the natives and officers of the company for lOOO. The CHARMAN said he need not trouble them with details, but the effect would be as described. ' The report was then unanimously adopted, and the -retiring directors, Lieutenant-Colonel French and Captain Scott, were re-elected. The retiring auditors, Mr. R. Fisher and Mrm Goodchap, were also re-elected. The allowance to the auditors was fixed at 211. a-year, each to audit the accounts half-yearly. The CHAIRMAN, in reply to a question from Mr. Wild,' stated that the company had no power to pay a smaller sum than 5,0001. into the treasury of the East India Companyso that unless advances in anticipation of calls shoul& amount in the aggregate to that sum at any time they could not be paid into the treasury. Some discussion ensued on the subject of appointing a conimittee, in the course of which it was shown that the East India Company admitted in the contract that 32,7771.. had blen expended in preliminary expenses by the corn.. pany, but they had only allowed 2,000. On the motion of Mr. GociDcirP, Messrs. Key, lowe,. Lamond, Blyth, J. S. Wild, A. Taylor, and J. Fraser were appomnted a consmittee of shareholders to consult with the dlrectors as to what should- be done in respect to the 4,9931. in dispute; and to report thereon to an adjourned meeting. A vote of thanks was passed to the chairman and directorsfor their able and successful services tothe company. Thanks were also voted to Colonel Kennedy for his valuable services. Colonel Kxornn, in acknowledging the compliment, explained that the construction and working of railways were not difficult to be understood, and he hoped the shareholders would take the trouble of making themselves better, acquainted with the nature of the business in which they were engaged. He had prepared a report of their proceedings from the commencement, in which he bad embodied; a number of useful details and facts connected with the con- struction and working of railways. He believed he had I mnade the subject intellgiblein his work, and, if they thought the matter of sufficient importance, he would have it printed,' and send every- shareholder a copy. It was evidently the interest of the shareholders, of the people of India, and of the East India Company that the ?ailways in India should be completed as speedisy as possible. By delaying the works a large debt would accumulate against the company in the shape of interest, and if the delay was considerable it would never be repaid to the East India Company,while the country would be deprived of the great advantages of railway communication. Heexplained that they had been compelled to survey for. 4,000 mies of railway in order to ascertain the pasition of the shortest routes and the best gradients, The cost of the lines they proposed to execute would average 6,0001. a-mile, including working stock, and he had no doubt whatever that the traffic wouldyieldthe snxaimum p refit they were allowed,-namiely, 10 per cent, on the outlay * so that an the course of afew years, if the railways were speedily completed, the debt of interest would bepaid off by meansof half the surplus profits above 5 Per cent., and the shareholders would be in receipt of the toll amount. On the motion of Mr. WILD, seconded by MIr. TAiYLOR, a resolution was unanimously passed, requesting Colonel Kennedy to publish his report, and send a copy of it to each of the shareholders, the company paying the expanse. The meetingwas then adjourned to Wednesday, the 16th of July. EXPORTS OF COMMITTEES ONT RAILWAY BILLS, EAST LNDIA. Mr. FITZROY reported from the committee on this bill that the objects of itwere merelyto equalize the rate of dividend on certain classes of shares, and to make other provisions with reference to tho issue of future shares, the. division of any purchase-money which may become payable, to the company by the East India Company, and the consolidation of shares into stock. - L,-EaRsEss AzID AmmElDwE Juscioy. Lord STANLEY reported from the committee on this bill that the proposed capital of the company is 325,0001., and the amount of loan 103,300l. There are 312 shareholders who may be considered as having a local interest in the ine, and they have subscribed 165,2001. The length of the line is 39 miles, 6 furlon6s, and 4 chains, and the steepest gradient is 1 in 60. It is intended to pas three highways on the leveL. The estimated coat of the railway is 325,000l:, and the quantity of land required is 307 acres. Mr. Erringlon and Mr. J. Mitchell were the engineers examined in support of the bill, and the committee were satisfied of the fitness in an engineering point of view of the proposed railway. The committee had amended the preamble of the bill by striking out the recitalrelating to the running powers over the Inverness and Nair Railway and the Morayshire Eailway respectively, and had found the same as amended to be true. RIIOSYDD. Mr. FITZROY reported from the committee on this bil that the proposed capital of the company is 3,0001., and the amount of loan 2,600!. There are four shareholders who may be considered as having a local interest in the line, and they have subscribed 4,5001. The length of the line is 1 mile, 3 furlongs, 1 chain, and the steepest gradient is 1 in 2-OS& The line isto beused for the carriage of minerals and goods only. The estimated cost of the line is 5,9501., and the quantity of land required is 3' acres. Mr. Thomas lIaw. ksley was the engineer examined in sUport of the bill, and the committee were satisfied of the fitness in an engineering point of view of the,proposed railway. SEB*EN VALLEY. - Mr. H. E. ADAIR reported from the committee on this bill that the deviations and extensions, power to construct which is sought by the bill, are to be executed by an existing company out of funds which they are at present authorized to raise. The committee having due regard to the circumstances of the case and the public interests, had granted a longer period of time for the purchase of lands for the railway and the completion of the works thereof, though not to the extent sought by the promoters. The lengths of the respective devia-tions are as follows :-viz., Rartlebury deviation, 2 miles, 6 furlongs, 2 chains, and Bridgenorth deviation, 4 miles 1 furlong, 5.7 chains. The steepest gradient is 1 in 100. There is one tunnel on the Bridgenorth deviation, the length of which is 500 yards, the breadth 24 feet, and the height 18 feet. It is intended that the railway shall cross on a level one road. The estimated cost of the de-viations is 114,0001., and the quantity of land required 604 acres. Mr. Fowler was the engineer examined in support of the bill, and the committee were satisfied of the fitness in an engineering point of view of the proposed extensions and deviations. TRAFFIC RETURNS. Mtiles era- Mer- Total, Total, Railways. oDen. sengers, chandise 185. 1855S £. £- ;8. £. Fortnight ending May 10. Deanera.a . -. - - - Week ending May 1 7. Ontario, Simcoe, and Huron 94 6 654 918. 1,572 1,093 GrandTrunkof Canada -- 513 1,587 . 3,661 . 5,24-S .. 3,88I Week ending Mlay 30. Great Westem of Canada . 233 7,418 . 3,005 ..10,423 - 7,538 Week ending June 2. Northem of France.. 1. - 12,835 . 20,665 ._.33,50D .. 36,838 Week ending June 5. IfAintonia.. - . - .. - . 223 .. 220 Week ending June 11. MonB and Manage .. . .21 . .91. 772.. 883 .. 805 Week ending June 14. London, Brighton, & South coast 183.1- .12,386 3,036 --15,422 13,202 South-Easten. - - = ..21.665 8. 18.913 IJanelly . 2 .-. .345. 514 Glasgow and South-Western - .6. - . . - . 6,447 8,132 Week ending June15. KScdal and Windernero .. - - - . 223 . 220 North London -. .. 9 - -. 2.312 2,069 GreatLBuxemnbourg ............ .. S4 - -5 75. . The following are the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal French railways from the 27th of M5ay to the 2d of June:- - The inundations have delayed the transmision of the returns to this company.
PARIS AGRICULTURAL SHOW. TO THE EDITOX OF THE TIMES. Sir,-On perusing your account of the Paris show I perceived thit, though the first prize of 600f. and a gold medal were awarded to me for my pure merino sheep, no mention is -made of this in your enumeration of successful competitors. I have waited until I could get the official return, which I have only succeeded in this day, and by it I find that not only was the first prize given to me, but " very honourabTe mention" wvas made of my other sheep. Trusting that you will rectify this omission, which naturally places me at a disadvantage with other winners of prizes, I am. Sir. vorr ohWimt. --, _ _ _ _ THOS. STURGEON. I xudI TrayS, Oue xi.
. ..LAW 2WpoBr.- COURT OF QUEE'S BBENcM.w. . JiTe 17 TRUXLOC V. ThE PRINCE OP WALES LIFE AND- EDUCA. TITA%.,.'^T i -C D. - - --bh^ , -. . (wutmgs a;UVNi. Fri=u, beforc Lord CAap.BELI and 'dSpj - . . . r1..A Mr. Edwin JameF, Q.C., Mr. Phipson, anid $ Monymnan appeared for the plaintiff -a nd the Attorne yGenerai 3fr. M. Smnith,' QC., and Mr. Edwards foi the defnda'nts. This was an action in which the plaintiff aed the Prince] of Wales Life and Educational Assurance Company on a policy of assbiance for 7,0001., which had been effected niththecom*y ny'the 23d of August, , 4upon the life of Mfr. Joddrell, son and heir of Sir Richard foddrelL. of Chilwick-hall, near St. Alban's. The defendants-pleaded -first, that the said policy had been obtained from the company by fraud; secondly, that the plaintiff delivered to the company a declaration, which was to be the basis of the contract, in which he represented that Mr. Joddrell had not been affected with insanity or delirium treszcts, or'any 4icease tending toshortenlife, and that he had been sober and temperate in his habits, whereas, in fact, Mr. Joddrell had been afflictedwithinsanityanddeliriunc trcens, aandwas not sober and temperate in his habits ;. but the plea containedno allegation that these facts were lknown to the pluintiff. In the third plea the-defendants -denied the plaintiff'sinterestin Mr. Joddrell's life. When the case was called on; The ArroNsEY-GExnsuER rose and said that, as the facts] in this case were nearly.the same as in the case triOdyester. day, of the same plaintiff v. the Householders' Society, he suggested that it should be considered that the same evidence was given, and that it should simply be read over to the jury, it being- opn to either party to. add any fact, which might be consi ered materiaL Lord CAMPBELL intimated his approval of the suggestion, which was at once acceded to by Ihr. James on the part of the lavintiff. thr JA_tEs then opened the facts of the case, which were almost entirel the same as those reported yesterday. The same papers ad been laid before; the defendants as had been laid before the Householderst Society. In the casq yesterday the society had added 14 years to the life, but in thepresent case the company had required an addition of 18 yeans to the life. Mfr. Joddreils life was thus insured as if he had been 54 years of age, his real age beingonly36 years. The AronNmn-GnsxuL said that, according to the defendant's calculation, the addition was only 15 years. Mr. J4nEs said that whether the addition was 15 or 18 years was not material, for it was clear that the company knew the risk, and, baving chosen to speculate, they could not now evade their responsibility. The learned counsel tben remarked -apon. the second plea, which he said, was what was called a " tricky plea," being evidently framed.to invite a demurrer, so as to occasion delay. The plea was bad for not alleging that the plaintiff knew the representation to be false, and, even if -the defendant should succeed upon it, the plaintiff would still be entitled to judgment, 2non obsiante veredicto. Lord CAMPBELL said he should take the opinion of. the jury upon the issue and reserve the question of law for the Court. His Lordship then read over all the eiidence given yesterday on the pagt of the plaintiff W. IL Fryer, a solicitor, of Wiinborne, in Dorsetshire, was then called and proved- thats he had made several advances tothe plaintiff on his personal security, and that, being applied to for further advances, he reqtired gecurity; and that, in the result, the policy now in question was, on t.he 15th of April ;last, assigned to him as a security for The ArronEy-Gsnsxnn then addressed the jury for the defendants, and opened the same case as he-had proved' yesterday' .e referred to the representations made by Brade as to the habits of &r- Joddreel in a letter which the plaintiffhad adopted and laid before the company. The statements contained in that letter were notoriously false and mnst, have been so to the plaintiff's knowledge. He (the plaintiff) was the friend of Brade, and both parties were interested in the post-obit bond for 14000L given by Mr.'Joddrell. They were on the most intmate terms with one-another, and the plaintiff was in the frequent habit of going down to Chilwick-hall, and there he joined with Bradie and Joddrell inthoserevelrieswhich brought Joddrell to his end on the 12th of November, 1855, little more than a twelvemonth after the policy was effected. 'Under these circumstances, the-learned Attorney-Generalcontended, the defendants were entitled to a verdict in their favour. Lord CnmPRELL then read over the evidence given yesterday bythe numerous witnesses called for the defendants. One or two additional witnesses were called, but they did not advance the defendants' case. Mr. JTAMEs having replied, Lord CAxrPBEnL summed up the evidence, and, in so doing, observed that he did not think either party appeared before the Court in a respectable light. The plaintiff was associated with characters who ought rather to be avoided, and the company appeared in a disreputable light in respect of the inducements which they held out. It appeared that the company held out the inducement that their policies would be faithfully performed -except only in the case of gross fraud, and they had taken this specialriak, with the knowledge that it hadbeen declned by the Kent Society, and that Mr. Joddrell had recently had an attack of ddeirium trenmens, and was a man of intemperate habits. His Lordship observed that such practices led to the most mischievous consequences, and, though he would not make the observation in reference to the present ease, he was afraid that some companies were ready to talke any risk, in order to obtain the premiums, regardless of the consequences. But, whatever might be the merits of the parties, the jury would mete out equal justice between them. His Lordship then took the opinion of the jury on the respective issues, all of which were found in favour of the plaintiff. -Lord CAmPBELL then said the verdict would be generally for the plaintiff; His Lordship added that he earnestly and solemnly expressed his hepe that this would be a warning to the insurance compames. One of the jurymen said that the practice of the modern insurance offices was most prejudicial, and cut at the root of making provision for helpless families. In this obsexvation, Lord CAmPBELL said he most heartily concurred. Verdict for the plaintiff for 7,0001. REECE V. BOEMRM. Mr. Skinner and -Mr. Honyman - appeared for the plaintiff, lr. Serjeant Shee and Mr. Turner for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action, George Reece, was a s on in Sussex-gardens, Hyde Park; and the defendant, William Henry Borham, was a surgeon practising in the same neighbourhood. The action was brought to recover damages for two libels published by the defendant in the Lancet on the 5th and 19th of April last, imputing to the plaintiff that he had been guilty of "unprofessional condact," and that he had a " dining out propensity," &-c. The action arose out of these circmstances :-A married lady named-, happened to be in the family-way, and had engaged a surgeon, named Robins, to attend her in her confinement. Mlr. Robins resided out of town, and, as be 'might not always be in the way when his services were required, he had arranged with the plaintiff to attend any patients as his substitute in, his absence. At length Mrs. 's time arrived, and Mr. Robins was sent for, but he could not be found. Mr. Reece also was sought for, but he could not be found. The anxious husband himself then called on Mr. Robins, and was informed that he was "out of town ;" and when he called on Mr. Reece he was told that Mr. Reece was "dining out." U7nder these circumstances the husband applied to the defendant Borhamn, who refused to have inythungto do withthe case on behalf of Mfr. Reece, but undertook it on his own account. The result was that Robins, accompanied by the plaintiff, caled on the defenidant and remonstrated with him on account of his conduct. At that interview the defendant it was said, caled the plain- tiff a sneak and shabby fellow, and said he was a. disgrace-tohis profession, and that be (the defendant) would have nothing to do with him. Un this the plaintiff " wiped the back of his hand down the defendant's face two or three times." The defendant wrote a letter in the lancet of the 5th of April, headed "u nprofessional conduct " to which ' the plaintiff replied in the next number,the 12th of April, and the defendant rejoined on the 19th. As soonas the fact of this correspondence transpired, Lord CA3MPBELL observed that, although the carrying on a correspondence in a newspaper was no bar to the action, -as it would be to an application for a criminal information he-still did not think it was very graceful to bring an action. Mr. Serjeant SHEE said, not only had the case been tried in-the Lancet, but he believed the Lancet had given judg-ment. Mr. SN'ER, however, proceeded, and called his first' witness. Lord CnAPnssLL again suggested that some arraugement' should be made, though he knew the odium n medicum was sometimes very strong. Mr. SKrrNER said the fact was the defendant had brought an action in the Common Pleas and recovered 51. damages for the assault. The present plaintiff had then offered - to pay the costs of that action and to drop the present action, but the defendant would not agree. he (Mr. Skinner) was willing to take a verdict of 40s. only, so as to cover costs. Mtr. Serjeant Sire said the defendant had not recovered his costs inthe former action, and he did not see why he should pay any in the present. Lord CsMsBELL said he thought the defendant had better take the advice of his-learned counseL The libel contained an imputation of " unprofessional conduct" and " trick." Ifs. SerjeantSsrst.-Wrhat your Lordship thinks rightmy client also thinks right. A verdict was then tcen for the plaintiff-Damages, 40s.
COURT OF COMMONPLEAS. Wm ,sTT T ,,7 HATHlERIY.-VCURLENvIS. ptsmng at WWIEnOr f r.z, Wmn [bis was an action onan attorney's bilL. e Mx. Warren,QC, d3r Pifrd were counsel for the plaintiff; andh1ar Seant Pigatt indaMr. S. Lucas forthe It-appeetdthat the plaintiff-wasan atitoney, and was for 'ormetimaoinpartnership.withaMn Pain,Ithelainntiff ma.paging cthe. business atan office in Great :MarThorough-street ,MI hfrain at an offioe in the city. ' The 1artnership was dissoIvedinlS51, whernthe plaintiff left this countryv owing delte to ai amount of between 20,GOOI.--and 30,0001. fl -was arrested whie at Boiulogne at the suit of a French creditor on Euglish bills of exchange, and -has since been in prison there. 2During his professional caeer his frm was employed by the defendant, a well-known tailof in Conduitsireet, and there seems also to have been aersonia intimacy -betweemthe plaintiff and thedefendant. .he plaintiff on sne occsion lentthe defendant mnoneyand then issed a lvt ngainst him for the ainouit. on which lie paid it, -with the eceptonU of -71. 4s. The defendant afterwards, in the year- 1849, twice applied foi loans of 101., which were advevnced to him-by the plaintiff 'These tbree sums, making together 271. 4s., were the items claimed in tTis action which 'was commenced in 15.- The defendant pleadeda d,enialof theloan, andtheStatute of Ilinitati6ns, and also reHed on a set-off of clothes supplied, to 'the plaintif to which be-in turnl set up the 'StatUte of-mifiifations. It was, -boweyes, show.n on the Rart of the defendant that clothes 'to the'valq of 10. Is. bd. were stpIl6a.dwithin thepre-scri'bedper.iod of sixyears, and, as to the debt of above!7Z, 'and~oneof theloans of 10., the ,defeidaut wasi examined, -andswore. that he bad endorsed a bill of 201., drawn by him ona cu,tomer named Spalding, in diswhargd of those two ;iAes, and. that he had hiinuelf paid the bilL 2e was 4coely pressed in cross-examn tion as to- whether there. :were any,entries in his bookS with regird to the b-l or the debt.due by Spalding to him. Be showed- unningacconats - o .the Xatter in his books,.and accoun ted for his producing! n O entv aboout-the transfer ef the bill on the g.round that it - wae endorsed in payment of a private debt. By these means 'the claim of the plaintiff was more thanbalanced. The jury returned a verdict in favour of thec defendant. --
- - COURT OF EXCEOOURR TrrssnAs .TTm-P 17 InLL V. COWDEOY. -- (Siutqig7imt Bazwo.) hi4s was a demurrer to a declaration. The declaration was on a deed which stated that, in consideration of 2501. advanced by the plaintiff to the defendant, the defendant assignedto him certain furniture and goods to secure.theripayment of the same. It also contained a power of sale in the event of non-payment, with a provisionfor reassignment on repainent of the sum so advanced. The defendant covenanted-that he had not done, nor would' he, his executors and administratos do, or cause to be done, any act, deed, matter, or thing whereby, or by reason or means whereof, the furniture and goods thereby assigned were, of rmight, or oould~be, charged, encumbered, or in any'way prejudicially affected- but that he was well entitled and had a good righnt to assign and convey the said furniture and goods The' declaration then alleged, as a breach of the covenant, that the defendant commuitted an act of bankruptcy, by making a voluntary declaration of insolvency pursuant to~the B$ik-- Hfr. PErzriSnOna-was heard in support 'of the demurrer.' The question is wvhether there is any implied agreemnent in the above covenant that the covenantor w9ill not become a banlkrupt or insolvent. To support this declaration it mnst be contended that he umdertooklthat the banlrupt laws should not extend to him. What the defendant did was done in purbuance of the act o Parliament, which requires a man who is insolvent to go before the Court and make a declaration of insolvency. this is not a voluntary act, but a positive duty; there is no difference between this declaration and any other act of bankulptcy. The true meaning of this' covenant is that the defendant will not assign, convey, or charge the furniture and goods. If it were intended to be said that this was one for the purpose of defeating the covenant, it ought to have been so alleged. The rule is clearly laid down* in "fDoe. v. Carter,' S T. R., 57, and " Croft v. Luinley," 27, L.aw Join-nat, 296. This is contrary to the po]icy of the bankrupt laws, andocalculated to impair the opieration of them. Serjeant HAYES, contra.-The cases cited are both cases of conu-eyance; this is not so. There is no right or duty to pay other creditors with the plaintiffs moiey. The mnaking the declaration was a voluntary act, and the plaintiff cannot question the title given to the assignees by the defendant. The CoInT held that the declaration was good, and that the plaintiff was entitled to recover. (Sittings at Niszi Pri, before t1le LoRD CEE A BARoN and CommonJuricsnj The whole of the cases which came before the Court today were only of interest to the parties concerned, one being an action brought to recover the value of a Drintingmachine, and the only other two tried were for breaches of contracts. SECOND COURT. (Sittings at Mi-* Priuns, before Mr. Baron Ms-.n anil a Common Jury.) JONES V. JAMES. Mr. M. Chambers and Mr. Beasley appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Hants and MIr. Gordon Allen -for the defendant. The action in this case was brought by the plaintiff, a journeyman butcher, against the defendant, a general dlealer, to recover comapensation in damages for injuries sustained bythe former by reason of the alleged negligence of the defendant's son. The defendant pleaded " l7ot Guilty." It appeared that as the plaintiff was riding his masters horse one afternoon in October last along the Moscow-road, Bayswater, the defendant's son, who was driving a cart at a rapid pace, drove so close to him that the step of the cart struck the plaints k;nee, and threw him off the horse, inflicting severe injuries upon him, and cutting open the side of the horse. He suffered much pain for a considerable time, and he had not even yet quite recovered. The defence was that the accident was caused entirely by the reckless manner in which the plaintiff himself was riding. His LoRsDsIar, in summing up, said that the jury must say to which side they gave credence. T'hejury returned a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 51.
:EXCHIEEOU CATAER.-TmTnAV (Sittirgs i7l E X or.-PresCnt--Justics COEERIDGE, CRESS- WVELL, IVIGHTMUTA, ERLE, WILLIASs, CROur-Tox, and CR OWDER.) The business transacted to-day consisted of arguments upon errors in cases from the Court of Exchequer, but the cases were only calculated for a strictly legal publication. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE intimated that the Court had been considering when it could sit again; but, looking at the public engagements of the Judges, and knowing they were summoned to the House of Lords, where there were now nine cases, there would not be an open day until the 4th of July; and as, when once they entered the House of Lords, it was impossible to say how long they might be detained, and there must be some time given to the consideration of those cases, it was impossible to say when this Court could sit again. It was right also to state that most of the cases in the paper had only been very recently entered. ARCHES' COURT, TUESDAY, Ju.E 17. A Surrogate's Court was held by Dr. RoBnswO, but the business was formal only.
COURT OF BAWEBRUPTCY BsinghaI-stra4, June 17. The proceedings presented scarcely a noticeable feature. On the application of Mdr. Lawrance, C. Wolf, confectioner, of St. Paul's Churchyard, passed his last essanination, as also didJ. Brake, jun., coal and cattle dealer, 2diddleton, lNorthamptonshire, and W. Wf. Baker, stationer, Bartlett'sbuildings, on the respective applications of Mr. Linldater anld Mr. Chidley. A second-class certificate (unopposed) was granted to b. J. Giflinl, draper, Caledonian-road.
INSOLVENT DEBTOBS' COlUBT, Junc 17. 1l RE JOI?I PRTIROSRK (Before Mfr. Coinmimiontr PimTTPS.i This insolvent, an elderly man, was opposed by two creditors named Bolton and Thompson, who complained that their debts had been contracted by means of fraud. It appeared that in 1851 the insolvent was married to a lady possessed of property producing 1,3001. per annum, but a separation took place early in 1854, he receiving under a deed an allowance of 300l. a-year, which allowance, however, had now ceased, by virtue of a clause in the. deed to the effect that it should determine upon baikraptcy or insolvency. Mr. Bolton had lent 351. upon a bill of exchange for 401., the insolvent representing that he had property in Ireland vwhich he w.as about to mortgage, and ro that Eource he expected to be enabled to meat the bilL Upon arriving at maturity, however, the bill was dishonoured, and a renewal was; gien, which still remained unpaid. The insolvent, upon being asked what property in Ireland it was to which he had alluded in his conversation with MZr. Bolton, said he had an interest in land to the extent of 1001. a-year, which was encumbert dwith charges exceeding 5,tOrsL Tle had passed through the Insolvent Court in Ireland about nine years since, when his interest passed to his creditors, who, however, t4ok no steps to realze it until 1850, when an absolute order of sale was made by the Encumbered Estates Court, but had not vet been acted on. Ur. Thompson, a bill discounter, was a creditor upon a bill of exchange for 60L drawn by the insolvent's son, and accepted by the insolvent himself. The transaction had been arranged throu3gh r. Cailcot, an attorney's clerk, who swore that, at Thompson's request, he inquired of the insolvent the age of his son, to which he replied "21 the preceding January"X a statement which now turned out to be incorrect, as upon the son being sued the defence of infauc was set n The insolvent denied that he had ever told Callcot that his son was of age, and added that he did not at the time know his son's exact age, but upon his son's being served with awrit it occurred to him that he was a minor, and accordingly he procured from Ireland a certificate of his son's ab tism in January, 1835, and he also produced a Prayer-book in which the date of the birth was entered. It was also complained that the insolvent, who haa been arrested upon the Sd of April, had filed a schedule on the 17th, in rhich he made no mention of the allowance derived from his wife, whereas on the 20th he actually received 75L, 'which he had expended, as he now stated, in his support, and in the payment of sundry small debts. Mr. Commissioner 1'nrAs.rrs, in giving judgment, expressed an opinion that Mr. Boltons case of fraud had failed, inasmuch as that creditor having taken a renewed bill could not revert to the original inducement held out to him to advance his money. With respect ta the other case, of Mr. Thompson, it was right to say that there appeared to be no reason to suppose that the irnsolvent's son at the time of dralving tlhe bill was acquainted with the circumstance of his minority, hut the same doubt could not be extended to the insolvent, who mnust expect his discharge to be delayed at the suit of Mr. Thompson. Tlbecase stood over for a short time, and upon its being sgain called on for adjudication an application was made for anadjounrnment, in orcer io enablethe insolvent tocommnt.-t - t-with hi s friends whietrtwUobviatethe necemiity of an adverse adjudication; mnd, The learned Co sIo.N-r consented to postpone the cae nntil 2 o'clock to-morow (this-ay).
I ' CENTBAr CRIAFIKAL COURT, Junc 17. OLD COTlRT tefora the REcosnmeR.) HteryP lTerd, a respectable-looldng young man, s=rrenderedto tate his ti uponchp e of embemrlement. dr. Metcalfe conduct e prosecution; the prisoner was defended by Mr. Sleigh. - The prisoner, it appeared, wa in the service of M3. -Frederick Samuel Martin X builder at Stratford, and the charge against hiimnwaats lie had received I1. in part -meht of an account due from one of his customere, and a omitted to give it to his master. -The matter, however, ap- :pearedto be of a somewhat eomplicated character, .n. - Mr..Sleigh exercised much ingenuity in eliciting rious - facts favourable to the prisoner. The jury, after some deliberation, returned a verdict of When the -verdict had been returned Mr. Sleigh wa about to-leavethe ooirt; and in d6ingso'he had to a the ,proseeutor, who miade some Qbservationto him. Mr. SLEIOG addressed the Recorder, and said he felt it 'his dfty to inform his lAordhip that the prosecutor as; ht 'was going byhim, addressed ainc, nd sa.idj "I sho;ld lie to grveyoua good shaking The HECoRDEs said 't the proecwutor had behaved -.most improperly. The prosecutor said that he admitted he had done ' ron , but he was provoked hbyMr. Sleigh having told him on the previous day that the prisoner intended to plead guilty.- Mr.zSLEisGH dehied nost poitively havIng de such a - .stateaient as the-one mentioned by the prosuecutor. . The RECORDER. said the. prosecutor had been Zailty of contemptof Court, and he directedthe officers.to see tati Ehe didn6t denartL ntil he had an- opportunity of onider- ' *ing what course he! ought to take in te matter. * The prosecutor wvas accordingly detained rAntil the iCourt' t96se, when,.upon his expressiig- ir ege fo the bev ion he hadmade to the eaned coune he 'Was alowed to lis Royal Highness the- Prince of Wales and his tutor, Mr. Gibbs, 'were seated upon tho bench dining the greaterpairt of the afternoon; iand he appeared to take good deal of inte,est in the proceedings. NEW COURT. (Before the COMMOir-SERSXASNT.) John Marney, 28, shoemaker, and Mary Marney, 25, were indicted for coining. lIr. Platt defended the prisoners. The police stated that they went npon-the 15th of May to 25, .Dnstone.street,.Kingsland-road, and upon forcing an entry into the back room they found theman standing near the table, and as soon as he saw the officers-he caught up a mould, and thrdwing it-upon the ground, broke it; he als o threw some coin on to the fire. After some resistance the man wassecured, and, tbe pieces of the mould beiug.picked up were found to be those foraking a half-crown and a norin. All the other requisites for coining 'ere found. The wom an was not actully engaged at the time the police camne inany act connected 'with- the manufacture oE base Mr. PLArT argued upon the fact of the womaubeing the wife of the male prisoner and under his coercion. The police said that was not the case, but that she lived with him,' and that the certificate did not relate to the male prisoner, but to her husband, who was abroad. The jury AcguiUccL the'wroman, 'who-til'asserted that tIe maan at her side was her husband. The male prisoner was sentenced to six seas penal servi-- tude.
2POLICE. Gvr.DnAIL-WilJiam Lawson was placed at the bar before Sir B. W. CA7ZN, charged with ealing nine dozen pairs of atocldngs, 'vlue 11. hs. 6d., the property of Messrs. Morrison, Dillon, and Co., wholesale warehousemen of Fore-street. 3Thomas 3des Hunt, a warehouseman in the employ of the prosecutors, said he saw the prisoner enter the warehouse by the Fore-street entrance aboit 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon, and afterwards go into the cellar. KnoVing he had no business there, witness foUowed and saw him tur into the hosiery warehouse. He watchedhim, and saw him - put nine parcels, each containing a dozen pairs of stockings, into his pockets. WVitness then went up to him, and, feeling his pockets, asked him what he had in them, upon which the'prisoner commenced taking -out sthe parcels, and then said to witness, "For God's sake, let me go," and ran 'up stairs. Witness followed and gave him into custody. 5fe pinsoner had i7een in the prosecutors' senvice aboout ten years ago. The prisoner said he was quite guilty, and beg6ed for mercy, as it was his first offence. The prisoner was comnmitted for trial. Emily Edwards, Elsa Beale, Charlotte Garrett, Sarah Bowers, Elizabeth Morden, and Mary Lee, who were last week charged with attemptine to pick pockets in St. Paul's Churchyard, were again brought up on the same charge. It was stated that Garrett, Edwards, and Beale had been in custody for shoplifting and discharged, but nothing was' known against either of the other three prisoners, who 'were accordingly committed for 21 days to prison, and G.rrett, Edwards, and Beale for six weeks, with hard labour. Bow-STR=.-Wliam Blackto, a youth in the employ of lr. John D. Swinburne, 152, Oxford-street, was charged with stealing postage dtamps. nr. Peacock, the Post-office solicitor, prosecuted. Theprisoner's employer kept a district receiving-house, and, a great many complaints having been made to the Postoffice officials respecting the loss of stamps from letters posted there, Mr. W. R. Sculthorpe, the deputy-controller, undertook to test the honesty of the persons who made up the collections at the office in question. He placed sis stamps, privately marked, upon as manyletters, and caused the latter to be posted at Mr. Swinburne's receiving-house. Three of these were despatched mainus the stamps, and, it having transpired that the prisoner made up the collection, he was asked if he had anypenny stamps in his pocket? He replied that he had not. He was searched, however, and three of the marked stamps were found 'upon him, together with several others, which he had torn from letters posted at the same time, one of them being addressed to the Editor of IVre Times. The prisoner said, " I found them loose in the bottom of the box," but he admitted to the magistratD that he was speaking untruly when he denied having any stamps in his possession. He adhered to the statement thlt he found them. lr. Mxsxy.-Even then you had no right to take them. You,would have been equally liable to this charge. ThePxisoner.-ButI wasnota swornmsernantof thePostoiffice. Mir. Peacock observed that, although this did not affect the question of the boy's liability, all persons employed to assist letter-receivers were required to be sworn by the Post-office regulations. Air. E.NRY said it was important that all persons in the situation of the prisoner should know that the act of Parliament imposed a penalty of 20Z. for the offence of abstracting postage-stamps from letters, because a great many youths were employed to assist at the various receivinghouses. It having been represented thatthe prison er was an orphan with but few friends or relations, his worship mitigated the penalty to 51., or a month's imprisonment, allowing seven days for the payment of the fine. U,tRLsoBoRUGo-sTmEr.-TJohn Inderhill vas brought to this court for allowing a ferocious dog to be at large. The dog was of the Alpine breed, and of immense size and strength Thomas Uwins said he was loolkin after Mr. Cool's sheep in Hyde Park. The dog suddenly attacked one ef the heep and lacerated its throat frightfully before it could be grot awray. The value of the sheep was about 4I., and witness expected it was dead by that time, as he left it bleeding .n the Park. The defendant said the dog belonged to a Mr. Snowdon. He had charge of it, and had just given it a washing in the river. Mr. BXEAON thought the sheep ought to have been kIlled at once, and not suffered to bleed to death. He thought the owner of such a, powerful dog ought to take care to have due control over it, for, though it had only attacked a sbeep to-day, it might attack a man to-morrowr. The case was ordered to stand over for the purpo6e of coming to an arrangement with the owner of the sheep. WzsrT.san -John Costellow, a rough-looking fellow, was charged with a series of desperate assaults. Edward Morris, 103 B, said that at about hall-past S on the previous night, he found defendant, who was mad drunk, endeavouring to force his way into a public-house at Chelsea. He advised him to go home, and succeeded in getting hi a. little distance from the house, 'when the defendant suddenly turned round, and, without the least provocation, threwv the complainant dow on the pavement, and then kicked him twice severely, in doing hihhe broke the back and front of his watch in. On bin being able to get up he saw the defendant rushing towards him with a policeman's trancheon in his hand, when complainant immediately drew his own from his pocket and struck him on the head with it, and another constable succeeded in laying hold of the truncheon which the defendant had in his hand. Complainant aud two other constables endea voured to take defendant to the staton but he threw them down again and again, and it required six or eight men to gethimnthere. Complainant was soexhausted that he wvas obliged to leave the man. George Selby, 5 B, stated, that on going to the spot he found complainant and defendant struggling together on the pavement, and saw the accused kicktheoconstable severa} times. Witness took hold of the defendant, when the latter threw him down. Anotber constable came up, when flefendant suddenly wrested hisataff from his hand, and made t-owards 103 B to strike him. Wituess, assisted by the other constable, then endeavoured to carry him to the stationhonse, but he resisted so violently, that they could riot. Be kicked them so severely thatthey ere oblged to put him down. They then persuaded him to 'Wk quietly, aud he did so for a short distance, but then recommenced his 'iolence, and the whole body of constables were down together in a heap, and defendant kicked so furiously that witness was obliged to strike him over the legs with his tiuncheon. Witness declared that in the course of his lengthened experience he had never had to deal with so violent a fellow before. Defendant, in the course of a lonr, rambling story, endeavoured to make it appear that he wras the illused party in the transaction, and called some witnesses, whose evidence, instead of helping him, weut in support of the statement made by the constables. Defendant was committed for two sepsrate months for the assaults upon the constables, and ordered to find bail for his goodconduct for 12 months. CLERKENVELL.-A Post-office order for IOs. has been received from "L Bonal," Whitchurch, for Mr. GiDl OXFORD t,evrnsrrs.-Th the list of Deg3ee wcnferred on the 5th of June the name of lr. J. IL lya of Mgdalene-hall, was erroneously print*d J$, jB3ul7."
KA ]7LAND MILITABRY INTBLLIGBVCOE. We learn by electric telegraph from Portsmouth that the l screw-trar.sport Brandon, No. 137, arrived at Spithead yesterday evening from the East, with the following officers and troops :-Colonel Strange and lieutenants Strangeways and Keane, 112 men and 104 horses of the Royal Horse Artillery; Captains Probart and Bedford, of the 95th Regi. ment; Assistant-Surgeons Bowen and Cook, and the Rev. Mr. Maynard. She lost seven horses on the passage home. The steam-transport Melbourne, No. 73, also arrived at Spithead yesterday evening. Her Majesty's steamship Himalaya, Commander B. Priest, R.N., arrived at Spithead yesterday morning, about o o'clock-, in eight days and three and a-quarter hours only from Halifax, where she had landed from the Mediterranean the 62d and 63d Regiments. She left Halifax on the 8th inst., with a few invalided soldiers and about 30 of the -wives and families of soldiers formerly sent to their native place (Halifax) when their husbands departed for the Crimea; the invalids are inder the command of Captain Hall, Royal Artillery, and in medical care of Dr. Leslie and another medical officer. No ship of war was at Halifax when the Himalaya left. Her Majesty's sloop Arab, 12, was cruising in the neighbourhood. Admiral Fanshawe wvas expected there about the 18th, with a Equadron. The Himalaya has been absent from Portsmouth 40 days only, and during that period has run more than S,000 knots, and conveyed two entire regiments of troops from Malta to Halifax in 18 days. She 'will go into Portsmouith harbour this evening and re-coal for further orders. She is in first-rate condition, and needs only coaling to be ready almost instantly for any service. She was visited yesterday morning by Vice-Admiral Sir George Sey. mour, 1C.B., Commander-in-Chief at Portsmouth. The Sir Robert Sale sailing-transport, No. 125, in tow of the steam-transport Elitna, No. 186, arrived at Spithead yesterday morning from the East. The two ships brought 26 officers, 781 men, and 6 horses of Her Majesty's 51st (2d Yorkshire, West Riding, or the King's Onn Light Infantry) Regiment; 24 officers, 3 ladies, 4 officers' children, 567 men, 39 wvomen, 47 children, and 3 horses of the Royal East Kent Miitia; 2 officers and 14 men of the 46th Regiment; 2 officers, 9S men, 3 women, and 5 chiL dren of the Lancashire Mitia; 6 men, I woman, and I child of the 91st Foot; 1 man of the Land Transport Corps, and 6 men of the Army Works Corps. The following are the names of the principal officers :-Of the 61st -lieutenant-Colonel Errington, Captains Irby, Madden, and Mitford; Lieutenants Anderson, Lewin, Scott, Oldham, and Read; Paysnaster Powell, Adjutant Clements, Quartermaster Lawrence, and Surgeon Webb, M.D. Of the East Kent Militia Colonel Brocknian, Major Dering, Cap. tains Penuefather, Braidley, Kebbel, Castle, Inverarity, and Griffith; Lieutenants Zaba, HIeseltine, Howell, Fraser, Schlotel, Ball, Wildes, and Panter; Ensigns Bridges and Soden, Adjutant Whitehead, Paymaster Atkinson, Quartermaster Jones, Surgeon Curtis, and Assistant-Surgeon Stamers. On the 11th inst., off St. Vincent, at 5p.m. the 2ltna passed the Chersonese and the Saralh Sands steam. transports, and exchanged signals with an American ship showing third distinguishing pendant (632), in lat. 45 17 long. 825 WV. The .zEtna went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday afternoon to disembark her troops. The officers brought in the Sir Robert Sale were:-Of the 51st-Major thelHon. David Erskine, Captains Dickson, Young, Acton, and Willis; Lieutenants Farrington, Chap. lin, Gloag, and Reed; Ensigns Burnaby and Lambert. and Assistant-Surgeon Bourke. Of the 46th RegimentEnsigns Kentish and Carlow. Of the 1st Royal Lancashire Militia- Captain Thompson and Ensign Westby. ler Majesty's screw despatch gunvessel Alacrity, Commander Majendie, left Portsmouth harbour on Monday night, and yesterday proved her machinery and speed, preparatory, it is believed, to her following the others under the command of Captain Watson. Her Majesty's ship Tribune, 31, Captain Edgell, was taken into dock at Portsmouth yesterday to refit. The Stork, 2, screw gunboat, has been allotted to Her Majesty's ship Excellent as a tender. Our correspondent at Plymouth has received a communication, dated Bermuda, May 30th, which says, "TheAd& miral (Fanshawe) of the North American and -West India station is now here in the Boscawen, and will probably leave for Hfalifax and Quebec about the 10th of June; also the Pembroke and Cornwallis blockships, and Her Majesty's brig Arab, Commander Ogle. The two former are said to bein good order, the crews quite up to their work from constant practice at their heavy guns. These ships expect to be relieved shortly by frigates from England. It is believed that Captain Seymour, C-B., of the Pembroke, will be his father's Flag Captain at Portsmouth. The Arab sails in a day or two for Halifax. The four vessels above-named are near Ireland Island. Off St. George's at the east end of the group is the Powerful, a splendid line-of-battle ship. She arrived about a fortnight since from the lLavannah, where she has been lying-all thewinter. The Powerful, it is said, will soon go to Halifax. Our Governor, Colonel Freeman Murray, gave a grand ball at Mount Langton last night, in honour of Her Majesty's birthday. Notwithstanding the -ery unfavourable state of the weather, it was well attended by the principal persons of these islands. The screw-steamship Orion, 91, Captain John E. Erskine, left Plymouth on Monday (it is supposed) for the 'West Indies. The paddlew-heel steam-sloop Virago, 6, sailed from Plymouth yesterday for South America. The screw-steam ship Conqueror, 100, Captain Thomas M- C. Symonds, made a trial trip of her engines from Plymouth Sound round the Eddystone on Monday. The iron screw steam troopship Perseverance, 2, Comimander M'Donald, was placed in dock at Keylsam, Plymouth, on Monday. The new screw steam-frigate Liffey, 40, ordered for comimission, has been placed in the basin dock at Devonport to be coppered. The steam-tugvessel African arrived yesterday morning nff Woolwich dockyard, and landed a cutter lifeboat, 28 feet in length, wlhich has been lately built at Sheerness, on an improved system; it is said to be impossible to capsize it. An American metallic patent boat, on a similar principle, has been recently received at Woolwich. It is intended shortly to put these boats through a course of trial in competition, in the presence of the Lords of the Admiralty and the naval authorities of the doclkyard, so as to test their efficiency. The steam-transporlt Phadamanthus sailed yesterday morning from nWoolwich with boilers for the screw steamship Miranda, a screw propeller for the steam-corvette Scylla, some anchors and cables for the dockyard at Sheerness, and a number of supernumerary seamen for the flagship Waterloo. The Amity screw-transport arrived yesterday morning at Woolwich to discharge her cargo, with which she sailed thence on the 11th of March for Balaklava, consisting of forage-waggons, harness, -wheelbarrows, timber, cases of preserved vegetables, and general ordnance stores. The 1'acific steam-transport, 'W. C. Thompson commander, passed through the Bosphorus on the 8th inst. with 712 officers and men of the 1st Royals, and arrived at Malta on the 11th. The screw-ste.amship City of Manchester, Captain P. C. P'etrie, arrived at Liverpool on Sunday morning, after a fine passage of 12 days from Marseilles. This steamer, -which ran for four years so successfully between Liverpool and Philadelphia, has been 16 months in the service of the nreach Government as a transport. She has carried more horses and Dien than any other steamer in their sen-ice, and, though 16 months absent, has never liad to go into dry dock, and never been a single day off duty, which speaks greatly for her capabilities and her captain's management. The following appointments wvere made vesterday at the Admiralty :-Captain F. Hutton to the Royal William, for the service in the Ordinary at Devonport; Lieutenant H. R. Stewart to the Fisgard; Lieutenant Louis Geneste to the Victory; Lieutenant W. Arthur to the Edinburgh; Lieutenant A. A. Thrupp to the Vesuvius; G. R. Breton, mate, to the Alacrity; G. J. unstruther, naval cadet, to the Magicienue; R. 31. Dewar, naval cadet, to the VultuLre - B.1W. nBa, midshipman, to the Driver; J. Phillips,master's assistant, to the Tribune; II. Creighton, assistant-surgeon, to the Blenheim; J. N. Sterling, assistant-clerk, to the Illustrious. Intelligence has been received at the head-quarters of the Royal Sappers and Miners at Brompton barracks that a large number of men belonging to that corps may shortly be expected to arrive at Chatham garrison from the Crimea. A party of Crimean sick and wounded troops belonging to variou5 regiments arrived at the Strood staton yesterday fromn Portsmouth, where they disembarked. On their arrival they were medically inspected by Dr. Speedy, from F ort Pitt, when those reniring further surgical treatment were ordered into hospital, and the remainder sent to the Invalid dep6t. THE MILITIA. The North York Rifles, which has been under the command of the Duke of Leeds, left Bradford, Yorkshire, on Monda7, and proceeded to Richmond, in the North Riding, .where it was disemabodied the samne day. The regiment was .500 strong, and had at one periodI been 1,000 ; but the numerous volunteers which it had supplied to the Line reduced it. General Sir Hlarry Smith, IC.C.RB, reviewed the regiment last week, and express,ed himself highly satisfied with the soldierly bearing of the men. The Ist Regiment of Warwick Militia, coksmanded by Colonel J. M. Boultbee, sOme time stationed in Plymout1 Garrison, left by the South Devon Railway on Monday morning, for the purpose of being disembodieyd. [Advertisement.I-" The Illustrated Webster's S,elling Book." price Is., superbly illusrated with 250 engravings by hirn artistsarraugedby an eminent English schlarupon theprinciplesof BNoahWebster. the great American authonty. "WebstesSpellinog circulates in America to the extent of a milion copies per annum, bud is umiverslly ackcnowle{lgedl as the best, Also iest ready, a new, edition of -- Webster's English Dictionary for thenSlilion,- price js. g. The immense demuand for this edition in the best test otf ts value Webster is now the only reliable authority on the English language Eery Englishman. however humnble his sphere; will be able to purchbase the best EnglEsh Dictionary. It is indeed a marvel of cheap- Dss a7id exceilence. Ward andLock, i18, Flcet-street.
IREBLAMD. tFR{\E nTrl nveT RRRW PEx" DUBLIN, TuESDAY MommG. | TME SADLEIt BANK FEAUIDS. The appeal case of Mr. Vincent Scully against the decision of the Mlaster in Chancery holding him responsible for the payment of certain shares in the Tipperary Bank, and which was argued on Saturday in the Rolls' Court, was decided yesterday. Judgment was given against TIr. Scully, the Mlaster observing- "That there were three points discussed on the appeal -namely, w-hether Arr. Sculy was a director when he transferred his shares; whether the neglect of that gentleman in not serving notice of the transfer on the board of directors and obtaining their consent to it rendered the transfer hy a shareholder not a director invalid and whether, in fact, Mr. Keatinge was a trustee of the shares for Mr. Scully. He (the Master of the Rolls) was of opinion on the first point that the appellant was not a director, not being re-elected at an annual meeting. Upon the second question, as to the serving of notice of transfer, there was a difference of opinion ,unongthe law lords in England. In a late case in the Lords, Lord Sb. Leonard's and Lord Cran- worth differed upon it, and he (the Master of the Rolls) I would not decide it, as he did not consider it necessary to do so, inasmuch as he felt constrained to hold Mr. Scully liable on the third point. The Court acquitted that gentleman of all participation in the gross and abominable frauds which had been committed, but, nevertheless, he shouldhold that Mr. Keatinge was to be considered as his trustee. The transfer in question was to secure 7,000., the price of shares in the bank, purchased at more than their value, although not to be paid for until 1857. It was made in December, 1854, was registered in the April following, and in the meantine Mr. Scully received the dividend which fell due, and subsequenitly received the July dividend. For those reasons he (the Master of the Rolls) wouldaffirmthe ruling of Master Murphy with costs." Previous to the delivery of the foregoing his Honour also gave judgment in the injunction proceeding, " O'Eaherty v. 1'lDowell," as follows "Let this motion stand over until the Court of Common Pleas shall have given judgment on the case of ' M'Doweil v. Keatinge,' the Mster of the Rolls having been informed by one of the judges of that court that it is intended to give judgment before the circuits go out, and tho Court doth deoline to restrain the official manager from paying the 'dividend which has been struck, and doth decline to appoint a receiver at present, the official manager having given security for the property of the company, without prejudice to the application for the receiver being renewed when this motion shall be again brought on; and the Court doth direct the offlcial manager not to dispose of any of the property of t,he company until this motion shall be disposed of, cxcept n paying t thsaid dividend, and in such expenses in relaton to appeals and other legal proceedings now pending as may be necessary, and under the direction of the Master, and reserve further order and the question of costs." -Later in the day, and before the rising of the Court, the Mlaster of the Rolls gave judgment in the appeal case of Mr. Wilson Kiennedy, the manager of one of the branches of the Tipperary Bank- "The Master of the Rolls was clearly of opinion that the Master was right in placing the name of Mr. Wilson Kennedy on the list of contributories. He was one of the persons who in express terns were nominated directors by the 37th clause of the partnership deed. He did not know whether he was an ae offlcio director. but he was one of the directors; and, by another clause in the deed, he continued to be a director, instead of going on? at the end of the year, unless he adopted a course to get rid of his responsibility. Towards the close of the year 1854 John Sadleir drew out of the bank enormous sums of money. He would be able in giv-ing his judgrment in the principal case to state the exact amount, but m round numbers he would say that he had drawn 140,0001. Could any one for a second stand up and say that Mr. Wilson Kennedy was not guilty of a gross breach of trust towards the shareholders ? At the period of the stoppage of the bank John Sadleir had dlraw,nabout 285,000. Mrr. Kennedyperfectly well knew that all this was going on, yet he was guilty of a gross breach of trust in allowing Mr. Sadicir to draw this sum of 190,0001. The effect of this was, billswere discounted to an extent that could not be credited. Here was a ruined bank, and all this was done with the privity of Mr. Kennedy. What was his duty when he foundthat this was the state of things ? When he found John Sadleir drawing these enormous sums of money he might have gone, without making the matter public or doing anything to injure the bank, to Mr. Vincent Scully, who was at the time a director, and he might have said to him, ' You and I are directors there is something manifestly improper goingonJoha Sadleir is drawine these enormous sums. Thebank will be ruined unless a stopbe put to the matter." W hat then would have occurred? Vincent Scully appeared to have been entirely ignorant of the proceeding, and the probable result would have been that he (Vincent Scully) would, in his capacity of director, have done wlhat he should have felt it his duty to have done, so that both these gentlemen could have overruled anything that James Sadleir would have ventured to do. They might have insisted upon an investigation of the whole affairs of the bank, and it was not at all improbable, if Mr. Kennedy had done that vwhich it was his bounden duty to do, the bank might be in existence at this very hour, because this would have been a total check to hisproceedings, as hewould have been obliged to give security for this 140,0001. No doubt some of the other companies might havesuffered-miioneynsight have been raised through them-there was little doubt it would have been raised. MIr. Kennedy was highly reprehensible. and every man who had a spark of honour would acknowledge that he was reprehensible for not having interposed; had he done so, being a trustee for the shareholders, who reposed this unbounded and unlimited confidence in John :adleir, be would have stopped these transactions, and hare given a complete check to the Proceedings. It was possible, if this were done, that the bank would havebeen saved, and the shareholderssigyhtthank MIr. Kliennedy, among others, for the present state of affairs. He was nlot at all saying that he was connected with the gross frauds that had been perpetrated, but he was privy to them to a certain extent-he chose toremain silent. Hebecametroublesometo John Sadleir, and it was considered advisable that he should begot rid of. In the vear 1854, out of four transfers, two were made to James Sadleir and one to John Sadleir, and another to a person who was, perhaps, a trustee for either of them. Wilson Kennedy was bought out-he was silenced and purchased up. and, instead of acting as a man of honour, as he should have done-instead of going to Vincent Scully, and telling him of this gross system of fraud in allowing these enormoUs sums to be drawn by John Sadleir without a security -he was silenced-he was to get 500!. The shares were not sold for a quarter of the money-they were unsaleable, in fact; and now it was said that it was a hardship on Mr. Kennedy that he should be placed on the list of contributories. So far as merits were concerued, he had no merits at all. He was privy to what was a fraud-the drawing of 140,000l.- though he was not a party to the gross frauds. Hle was bought out in order that they might get rid of a Jroublesome person, who might prevent John Sadleir from dr gany further sum. An arrangement, therefore, was entered into between him and Sadleir. One member of the Court of Directors was to enter into a contract with another member that the one should transfer to the other these shares, to the amount of 5O0I., in direct coeitravention of the terms of the partnership deed. Under these circumstances the extraordinary instrument of March, 1855, by which Mr. Wilson Kennedy resigned, was executed. lHe (the Master) could imagine these gentlemen to he seated at a table, and that this document, called a resignation, was concocted between them, in complete opposition to the 86th section of the actof Parlament. Thus was Alr. Kennedy ot rid of-his mouth v;as stopped, and John Sadleir went on drawing the money of the bank till ie had drawn 285,0001., and then the bank was closed. He (the Master) had investigated the accounts of the assets of the bank, and lie believed that out of what had been described to be 012,0001. not more than 40,0001. or 50,0001. would be realized. According to a decision (which his Lordship read), if a party neglected to transfer hss shares pursuant to the proper fona he continued to be a contribuitor- and how could he overrule that decision? So far fromn domg injustice to Mr. IKennedy, he had no hesitation in saying that there was not a creditor or shareholder who had not the strongest reason to com lain of him as having been guilty of the grossest hreactl of trust. " The Master's order was then affirmed." Yesterday the Master in Chancery ordered the payment of 2s. in the pound to the creditors of the bank whose claims are admitted. The order was made on the affidavit of the official manager, stating that he had admitted claims of creditors to the amount of 240,3791. 14s. Gd., and that othler claims required investigation, 'which they were undergoing. He also statedl that for the purpose of the divridend he had to his credit over 25,0001. The Master coimtersigned a check for the sumni required. THE FUNDS. Three per Cents. for account, July 8, 94} $ * Three per Cents. Reduced, 93: ; New Three per Cent. Stock, 941 94 - ditto, for account, July S, 94$. Hibernian Bank, 31l x.d.; City of Dublin Steampacket Company of 50!., 304. Mining Company of Ireland, 14f; Waterford and Lisnirick, Five per Cent. preference, 45; Waterford and Tramore, paid in full, 9.
ENGLISH AND AMEnrcE^f PRyVATEERS.-A corespondent of the NeCI York Journal of Comm7erce says on this subject that-" Things have chlanged since our last two wars with England. During both of those she was engaged in war with France and other countries as well as with us. Oar commerce was comparatively small, and hers quite large. At the present time our conmnerce is as large and as extended as hers. In future wars, most of her privateers will be steamboats, because al her steamers are of necessity seagoing vessels, and she has them in all parts of the world; and everyone knows that very fewv of our steamers are fit to go outside of our harbours; and before we could build suitable steamers every merchant vessel we have at sea would be captured. Suppose, however, that we should fit out privateers, and destroy the whole of England's commerce; she would undoubtedly do the same with ours, and would still have her great preponderance in national armed vessels. What should we gain by that move ? It appears to us that we should be just where we stsrted from." A calamity even more distressing than that which recently afflicted the Dean of Carlisle has occurred in the family of the Rev. Mr. Cwyther (brother of Lord Milford). The whole of his children, a son and four daughters, were swept away by scarlet fever in less than a week. The son was heir presumptive to the extensive estates of Ficton Castle. CONFIR-MATIOX BY THE BLSEoP OF LoNDON.-Tlhe Bishop of L ondon has appointed a confirmation to be held at the parishl church of St. M.artin's-in-the-Fields on the afterneon of Sunday, the 15th of July, at 3 o'clock, for those young persons who have been prevented from availing themselves of the confirmations held in London during the spnlng.
SPORBTING INTELM GENCE. 'rnE. .T _Tfn.V! r.Tm The following notices have been given of resolutions to bo brought forward at the next meeting of the Jockey Club :- "'That no new rule of the Jockey Club shall be pased and no rule be rescinded at any meeting at which less than nine members are present. "'That in inquiries which tale place before the stewards the witnesses examined shall be required to sign their evi. denco after it has been taken down. " That if either party in a dispute which is heard before the stewards wishes to have a shorthand writer engaged to take down the evidence, it may be done at the expense of the person requirng it, and the evidence may be published, if required, at the expense of the person requiring it. "lhat in futare it any person running a horse at Newmarket dispute the decision of the stewards by referring the case to a court of law or otherwise, he shallntbepr rnitted again to run a horse at :Swmarket. not be per- GOODWOOD RACES. Weights for the GooDwooD Sr.Txs,of 2-5 so. each, ltft., and5 only if declaredon or before Tuesday next, the 24th inst. The winner or any handicap subsequent to the declaration of the weights amount ing to 100 sovs. to carry $lb., of a 500 sov, handicap 71b. extra weights accumulativa up to lOIb. The second to receive 1oo sovs. fromtbestake.a Twomilesand ahalf. MLr. A Bulley and Mr. T. V. Turner are subscribers, but did not name. Those marked § being entered without the knowledge of their ouierswill be struck out by the timeprescribed unless speciallyordered to remain in. HAMPTON RACES-THIS DxY. HoFzsEs ARniv:D. Bacon Batan colt MIedia Noce Hollybank Dexterity Lord Nelseon Sandooy Redemption Olympus Ael lVautage Maid of the Morn Alleborelis General Picton Boer Raphacl Humboldt Tournament Sextus Smithmeor Gondohne Lady Florence Usurer New Brighton Weathercock Prince of Orange Little Tom Englemere The Spaniard Bishop of Osnaburg Brinklow Winktield hliddleton. CRICKET. UNIVERSITY OF OXFORD V. UNIVERSITY OF CAMEBR DGB Thism atch wasfinishodyesterday, the score standing as follows;- OxrFo.D. First Innings. SecondInnings. Mr. H. Veitcb, c. Fuller, D. M'Cormick .. .. .. 0notout 6 iMr. IV. G. Axmitstead. b. Jo]mson.. .. .. .. 0b. Makinson. 2 lMr. F. Oliver, b. Johnson . . 20 c. and b. Makinson .. 2 Mr. C.32. Marsham, b. John- son .10 run out .. .. .. .. 13 Mr. B. Randolph, b. Johnson 22 b. lVls. lo ,Mr. W.Fellowvsb. hlMarshall .......... 35 b. Makinson .30 Mr. C. Lane, run ent .. . 3c . Fuller, b. Makinson . .. 1 Mr. A. t Payne, c. Muarshall, b Makison. .. 30 hit wviket b. Maldison ., 21 The Hon. W. FieDnes, b. Ma- kinson .. .. .. .. Sb. M'Cormick. 3 Mr. R. MIarsham, not out 3 b. Marshall .. .. 13 Mr. G. Bennett, b. Makcinson 0 run out .0 b. 2,wide4 .. 6 b. 9, ide 7,n.-b., 1 ,, 17 Total . .. 137 Total .. .. 118 First Innings. Secold Innings. Mfr. J. Hlales, e. Bennett, b. O. D. Marsham .. .. 19 b. Fellows..... Ur. J. W. Mlarshall, b. Eiennes .27 not out ... .. 13 Mr. J. ArCornick, b C. D. Macsham .5. . . S b. Fellows 0 Mr. J. Makinson, c. Fellows, b. a D. Marsham .. .. 31 c. and b. Fienues 64 MIr. IV. WVinkfield, b. Fiennes 6 b. C. D. Marsham 0 Mr. 0. Hammond, b. Fienmes 2 not out.7 MAr. G. Johnson, c. and b. C. D. Masham .. 1 . runout . . ... . Mr. J.M. Fuller. not out .19 b. Fieunnes . .. .. Tr. IV. Wills, b. 0. D. Mrar- sham. 5 Mr. t. Fitzgeralc, c. Bennett, b. FelWs.1 M1r. B. Thornewill, run out 1 b. C. 2. Marsham .. .. ro b.10, I.-b. 6 .. .. 16 b.16,1.-b. 3,w.1 .. 20 Total . .. 133 Total .. .. 123
SHIP &EWS. T.TVPERPO(IT. -Th- 17 W ind, N.W. Arrived.-The Agancemnon and the South Carolina. from Bomnbay -the Banshee, from Lagrusna-the Hilton, from Akyab-the Xnreinborg and the Agamonmn.n from Now Orleans-the William Bathhone, from Mfobile-the Balkan, from Alexandria-the Johanna, from Rorsuejida. The latter vessel has lost her bowvsprit, having been in collision with the Tribune, removing from Brunswick-dock to the North-deck Sailed.-Thle Karnak, for Constantinople-the P. IMaxwell, for St. John's, Now Brunswick. Sailed, June 16.-The Johanna, for Iceland-the St. Lawrence, for Galatz-the Ottoman, for Fredericia-the Hevellius, for Dantsic. Off the Port.-The larnak, the William Stanley, and the Jessie Boyle. LO.SDoN, Juno 17.-Wind at noon, S.W.; moderate breeze, and cloudy, wsth slight rain. YFksIoUTir, June 15.-Arrived off the port, the Zephyr. from Latakia, and sailed for Dublin, Arrived, rIndustrie, from New Orleans. Sailed, the Sofia, for Limerick. June 16.-Wind, W.S.W.-Arrived off the port, the Undine. from Akyab for Hamburg-the Tantivy, from Corfu for London-the Undaunted, from Alexandria for Glocester. Arrived, the City of Limerick, from Dublin, andleft for London. CONstrAsxssOs'a, June 5.-The w reck of the Cypras, stranded at hlokota, in the Black Sea, en the 14th of January, has been sold for £e130; and that of the Superb, lost in the Black Sea previous to the 28th of December, for £50. rFromthbe former there has been a considerable salvage of stores, and the vessel may Possibly ho yet saved. The Commodore sailed from M5outmein for the nnited kingdom on the 4th of October last, w as left by the pilot on tho 1Sth, 24 miles at sea, and has not sinces been beard of. GRA.VESEND. JUSE 17. (By SoBnXin APD BBrSEC TELEcxAPsL.) (From Lloyd's. 9 30 a.m.-Wlnd, V,; tide,3 hours' flood; fine. Arrived.-The Auguste, from Gravelines-the Ferdioand, from Randers-the Thames, from Hamburg. Sailed.-The Lane£ield, for Corfu-the Robert Morrison. for Calcutta-the John, for Marseiles. I p.m.-Wind,W.; tide, 1 hour's ebb; moderate. witll slight rain. Arrived.-Her Majesty's ship Industrie, from SebastopoL Sailoed-The Lightning, for St. Mrichaer's. 3 p.n.-Wind, W.; tide, 3 hooms' ebb; fine. Arrived.-The Hoop, from Worcum-the Jay, from Charente-the Carrier, from Harlngen-the Helene, from Holmatadt-the roo Siena Siers andthe Dankbarheid, from Konigsberg-the Wonds Boide, from Calais-the Augusts, from Jamaica. 7 30 p.m.-Wind, W.; tide, 1 hour's flood; fine. No arrivals. Sailed.-The Cynthia, for Rio Janeiro. JUNE 16. Arrived.-The Troder Brodertrow, from Havannah-the Ocean Gem, from Jamaica-thcAdonis, from Ansterdam-the Pollux, from Hamburg-the Leonne, from Gravelines-the Catherine, from Nautes-tho Hannah and Sarah, from Rotterdam. DEAL, JuSni 17. (By Sunr&ru: As-n BRpsrmrs TaoGnAssC) (From Lloyd's.) 9 a.m.-Wind, W., light, and fine. Passed.-Thcihzalleuger, from Cadizn the Samuel Enderal, from Cuba; the MIattus Primero, from the Avestward; the North America, from Calcutta; and the Lord Warriston, from China, al forLondonthe Reconl, from Gibraltar for Snnderland. Anchored.-The Aartaban, for Auckland; the Ruby, for Barbadoes; the Tadmore, for Casao; and the Imperador, for Cardiff, all from London. Sailed.-The Eastem City, for Kurrachee. Noon.-Wind, W., light. PasFesL-The Trafalgar, from Madiras, and the Sarepta, from tha westward, both from London--the Margaret ,l£nes, from Afalta for Goole. Anchorel.-Tlie Calcutta, for Plymouth, and the Alemina, for Nantes, both from London. 2 p.m.-WInd, W.S.W., moderate. Arrived and Passed.-The Meteor, from Calcutta for London. 7 30 p.m.-Wind, W.; light. Passed back of the Goodwins.-The Schelter, from Richmond for Bremen-tue Queen of the Isles, from Akyab for Antwerp-the Anna from Sorinam for Anmsterdam-the Cores, from Syme for Shields-the Hansine. from Rio Janeoio for Copenhagen-the Regina, from Hartlepool for Hongkong-the Dumfries, from Shields for Toulon. Arrivedand Anchored.-The Dale, from Shields for Toolon-tho John N. Cushing, for' Malta, and the Robert Morrison, for Calcutta, both from London-the James Grey, from Antwerp for Cardiff. Sailed.-The Bryn y Afore, the Martaban, the Naiad, and the Ruby, ouitward-bound. The Sir Charles Napier, from Bombay for Antwerp, passed Dover on the 15th. reports 7th of May-sPoke the Mary Wood of and from Liverpool for Valparaiso, in lat. 9.29 N., long. 24.20 W 5th of Juno the Brenda. of and from Greenock for Barbadoes, in' lat. 44.45 N., Iong. 15.2S W. VESSxL'S SPOEE:; WrrII. The Sea Queen, from Penang for London, June 6, in lat. 4 N., long. 12 %V. The Chase, of Greenock, forNewfoundlaud, June 11, in lat. 50 N. long. 15.' The Lady Franklin, from Liverpool for New York, in lat. 46 N.. long. 33 W. The Fletcher, from St. Johnu for Demerara, Mday 11, in lat. 42, long. 50. The Caspian, from New Orleans for Liverpool, May 28, in lat. 36 lang. 73. The Eagle. from Charleston for Liverpool, May 28, in lat. 33, long. 72. The Coronet, from Liverpool for New Orleans, May 12, in Iae. lii, long. 61. HPIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE THIS DAY. Morning ..... 50 min. after 121 Afternoon ...... 12 nm. aIter i
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It will be remembered that I was charged in your paper by some anonymous writer with " having been a principal witness for Tawell," as well as haviDg waited upor the Home Secretary, in company with Sir Fitzroy Kelly, to obtain his reprieve, upon the ground of feeling positive that he was innocent, at the very time that he was confessing the murder." I denied this, and then saw that Mr. Drummond had, whfile alluding to my letter of denial, reiterated the latter part of the charge in the House of Commons; I therefore felt it my duty to communicate with Lr. Drnmmond on the subject, and subsequently with Sir James Graham and Sir Fitzroy Kelly, whose letter, with permission, I send youL a copy of; and I have only to repeat that I did not interfere in any way to prevent the sentence being carried ouit, nor did I ever express an opinion that Tawell was not guilty. Vn-rc r-cnaM4An1T WITffA.I EERAPATH Analvtica Chvmis. Old-park, Bristol, June 16. "147, Piccadilly, June 14. "Dear Sir,-You are quite accurate in your denial of hav-ing accompanied me to Sir James Graham on the eve of Taw.-ell's exection. Thefacts (which are somewhat remarkable) are these :-Thwitnesses for the prosecution had deposed to prussie acid having been found in the stomach of the murdered woman sufficient in quantity to cause death. This was denied by some chymists of great knowledge and experience who were in attendance, but not called. I, after the conviction, submitted a paper to this effect, withthe grounds of the contradiction prepared by some gentleman of eminence (possibly by yourself), but it was disregarded, and Mr. Drummond urged as an argument against any weight being ever given to such testimony that at the very time when this paper was presented (or, as ho seems to have erroneously supposed, that you previously pressed this view of the case upon Sir James Graham) the convict actually confessed his guilt. It is true that he confessed his guilt, but I have the best reason to believe his confession was, that he committed the murder indeed, but in a manner totally inconsistent with the truth of the scientificevidence upon which he had been convicted. "If this be so, it aEords a remarkable proof of the caution with which all evidence of this character in capital cases should be reCeived, and of the perhaps equal caution incumbent upon members of Parliament and others who reflect upon the conduct and reputation of menof great merit and ability in their absence. " You may. make any use you please of this letter, and believe me, Very truly yours, "FITZROY KELLY."
JAdvertisement.]-"Pottleton Legacy," by Albert Smith, pnce 2s.. is the new volume of RoutUedge's cheap series also, lately ublisbed, price Is. 6d. each, Whom to Maury, by the Brothers f yhew-Palliser's Solitary HunterGerstaecker's Wild Sports -A ngus Reach's Clement Lorimner-Cooper's Heidenmeur, Wyandlotte, Satanstoe, Afloat aud Ashore, Prairie, Ited Rover, Waterwitch and, pnce Is. each. Mss Edgeworth's Vivian, .Manccuvrin, Absentee, Snnmi, Rose Clark, .Iy Brotber's Keeper, Ruth I, Vicar of Wakefield, Life of elson, Welington, Sir Robert Peel. lRoutledge's cheap series now contains 139 volumes, all suitable for railway and home reading. Lists gratis on appilcation. London, George toutledge and Co., Farringdon-street. [Advertisement.]-" Corilnn,- or Italy," by MIadame de Stacd, cheap edition, price 2s. cloth, 2. 6d., is considered on aU hands one of the very best novets ever yet writteu. Lord Byron, Sir James Mackintosh, Schlenl, and others, have passed the highest encomi-res on the talent, the briliancy, the wonderful conception of " Corinne." Lord Byron wfrites of Madame de Stael:-" ShewMill en. ter into that existence in *vhich the great writers of all ages and nations are, as it wer, associated in a world of their own, and from th.at superior sphere shed their, eternal influence for the control and conEolation of mankind." This edition of " Corinne" is most carefully translated, and the lyrical portions of thework are beautifuoly renuered by the late I. E. Z. (Miss Landon). London. Ward andLoci, 15S, Fleet-street. [Advertisement.1-" The Smuggler," by John Banim; author of "Tne O'Hara Family." New and cheapedition. Price2s. boards; cloth. 2s. 6d., or free by post for two stamps extra. A most exciting and interesting noveL full of daring and adventire. Also ready, "Headlong Hal and Mightmare Abbey,' price Is.; by T. L. Peacock. Full ofextraordinary information on the subject of ghosts and sueermatural agency, will lie eagerly read by all lOvers of the snarve ous. " Life of a Sailor," by Captain Chamier ; price 2s ; cloth, 2g. fd.; *post free for two extra stamps. The courageous exploits performed by our British seamen, and narrateI by Captain Chamier, have rendered his sea novel deservedly famous. "Ben Brace." by the same .anther; price 2s:. cloth Ss 6d Fall of interesting particulars respecting 1?Lord ilson, relating many incidents in his private hlfe hitherto unrecorded in hitory. " The Widow Barnabvyn MyNrs. Trollope; price 2g; cloth, 2s &L: Also. J. Morier's celebrated Persian tWle, "iiajji Baba in England ;" price ls, 6d,; cloth, gs. Loeadon, Ward an d Lock, I55, focI-stre et,.
COUBT OF COMMON COU.=C=r A. special Court was held for the purpome of taidng ito, consideration a report from the London Corporatien :Bi Committee on the subject of corporation reform.1 The LORD MAYOR, upon talding the chair, said, he bal considered it to be his duty to convene a Court upon avery short notice, in consequence of havingbeeniniformed that it was necessary to consider a sabject of great importance to the citizens of London without delay. Mr. T. H. HIu, the chairman of the mtuprovement Committee, presented a report, "for authority toraise1O0,OO?. to renew bonds falling duein the mont& of July next." He stated that the comnittee expected to borrow under terms mach more advantageous than the last terms upon which they had obtined the loan The recommendation of the committee was agreed to. unanimaously, and the report was seut back to be carriedi into execution. CITY OP LONDO2X CORPORANION REFOR. I)eputy H E presented a report from the London Corporation Bill Committee, recommending that authority be given to prepare the draught of a bill for the cnlargementi of the constituency for ward elections, in order that thei same may be introducedinto Parliament at such convenient opportunity as may arise. Strangers were ordered to withdraw during the discussion, which lasted for some time, and ended, we were given to. understand, in the adoption of the report, not more than eight or nine hands having been held up against it. The committee will immediately prepare the bill.
CITY COUBT OF SEWERS. A Court was held at Guildhahl, Deputy Peacock in the chair. THE OPEN-G OF THE N;EW CITY cEaETEBY. The New City Cemetery at Ilford, about which there hass been so much discussion and disagreement, is at length to be opened. At the commencement of the business of the day Mr. Daw, the chief clerl; of the Court, rerd the following letter fromn the office of the Secretary of State in answer to. a comnmunization transmitted to the Right Hon. Baronet. by the City Remembraner:- "Wlhitehall, January 14. "Sir,-I have laid before Secretary Sir George Gray your letter of the 9th inst., stating the manner in which the' table of fees 'o be taken by the City of LondonBurialgroundI was promulgated, and I hereby signify to you Sir Georr Grey's :pproval, as reguired by the 7th section of thel 18th and 19th of Victoria, chap. 128, of the table of fees, which is returned herewith to be taken by the said burial board. "I am, Sir, your obedient servant, "CW. MI.gSEy." The CHAIRSmA congratulated the Court upon the result; of the exertions of the Court for the accommodation of the public, and M. ABRAHAM at once moved, "That the table of' board fees on interments in the cemetery at lford having been duly promulgated and approved by the Home Secretary, this board hereby order that the part of the cemetery not proposed to be coneecrated be opened for interments fortAhwit." The proposition was unanimously agreed to. Deputy 3OwxER then moved that copies of a notice containing the substane of Sir George Grey's communication be sent to the various Dissenting ministers, churcnwardens,. and lundertakers ot London. This proposition was also agreed to unanimously, and it; was referred to the committee to make arrangements for' the opening of the cemetery. We have been given to understand that the ceremony has been fixed for the 24th inst. SANITARY STArE OF LONDON2. The report of Dr. Letheby, the Medical Officer of Health, stated-" The inspector's returns, -which are now before you, relate to 126 houses that have been visited during the last week, and I beg to submit a list of places that require the orders of your hon. Court for their sanitary improvement in various particulars. I also beg to submit a listof places that require further proceedings on accountof orders already issued, but not yet complied with. I have the satisfaction to report that the mortality retuns for the7 city during this week indicated a satisfactory state of the, public hea=tZ The total number of deaths is 55, of which 22 were amonz young children under five ycurs of age. The. chief causes of death were diseases of a chronic charzacter, there being no case of fever, small-pox, diarrhea, or dysen- The orders recommendedl by Dr. Letheby were directed to be immediately carried into effect. Mr. Daw informed the Court that the orders issued for abating the overcrowded state of Plumtree.court had been. carried into effect, and that there existed no apprehensiom of a repetition of the dangerous evil in that locality.
THE SUICIDE OF MB. SADLEIR. TO THE3 EDITOR OF TEE TWIES. Sir,-Your paper of this morning contains a paragraph1.' extracted from the Cork Eza,aincr, in which lIr. n are 1P., states his convictionthat John Sadleir is still in the land of the living. Among his reasons for doing So he declares that there was no post ,nortene examination of thebody, thatthe presence of the essential oil of bitter almonds was ascertained only by smell, and that it is uncertain wbether the poison ever reachedthe stomach,because " knife never touched it." WiU you allow meto state that all these asserLions are. positively untrue 7 If the hon. gentleman had thought itworth while to possess himself of the facts of the case, hewould have found them folly and accurately detailed in y our report of the inquest. Hie ili see that on that oocasron1 gave an account of the results of a most careful posC nzIea examination of the body. 'flhis examination was made in the presence of three witnesses, and was extended to every important oran in the system. From only a Tortion of the contents of the stomach I separated by distia. - tion about an ounce of the pure essential oil of almonds, the-. nature of which was demonstrated not only by its odour, but by the ordinary chymical tests. I stiU retain this oil inmy possession, and shall be happy to place it at 21r. Maguire's disposal, if he has any desire to examine it. I nust not occupy your valuable space by replying to the various other argnments urged by MIr. Maguire and others, who beLeve that John Sadleir's very saicide was a swindle and that hizlast public act was a forgery of the hand of death itself. I believe that in no instance has the identification of a body been more complete. The butler declared it on. oath to be that of his master. It was recognized by one of his brothers and by at least three of his most intimate friends ; and, lastly, the coroner himself, who was perfectlyacquainted with the appearance of Joln Sadleir, satisfied himself by a most careful inspection of the body-even toonening the eyes-that it was none other thau that of thbo lite member for Sligo. T -m q rnn moct thabeient srvant ROBERTNTICHOL. Hampstead, June 17.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-May I request the favour of your permitting mel. through the medium of your columns, to answer repeated inquiries, and. to correct the erronleous impression that. appea.s to prevail that it was one of our mail steamers that unfortunately ran down Iord Alfred Paget's yacht on Wednesday night, the 4th inst. ? The mail steamer Dianmant was the vessel that came into collision with hoLordship's yacht. The Dismant is the property of thePelgianTGovernment, who perform in turn with ourselves the mail service between Dover and Ostend. T 0n 9i- ronhndinntserVant. A. B. GODBOLD Secretary. English, French, and lSelgian -oyal ana impenal .ala Steamnpacket Company's Cbief Office, June 17.
TiE l%IEmooPoLiTAN BoARD OF WOR1S.-ThigBoard, at a special meeting held yesterday in the Council Chamber, Gumldhall, resumed the consideration of the report; and scheme of Mr. Bazalgette, the engineer, for the main drainage of the metropolis north of the Thames. At a previous meeting of the Board Mr. Carpmaell moved the adoption of the report of the engineer, in so far as it related to the upper level and middle level sewers and other branchesnorth of the Thames. This gave rise to a debate which v-as eventually adjourned until yesterday. On its. resumption yesterday Mr. Leslie moved, as an amendment, that it was not expedient to discuss the northern. dzainage plan, proposed by the engineers, in section4 while the point of outlet remained undetermined, as that was the basis of the whole calculation, and the efficiency of the entire scheme depended upon it. After a long discussion the amendment was negatived by 13 to 6, and the original motion of Mr. Carpmaell carried by a large majority Mr. Carpmaell then moved the adoption of the report of the engineer, so far as it related to the western district and the construction of deodorizing works. Mr. Leslie opposed the motion, on the ground that it was altogether contrary tc the act of Parliament, which required them to remove the sewage entirely from the metropolis. The motion was lost. Mr. Carpmaell next moved the adoption of the alternative proposition of the engineer in reference to the western district, which contemplates the constrnction of works suitable for pum7ping the sev;age and rain water into the low level sewer. To this Mr. Hawkes proposed an amendment that. the Board proceed at once to the consideration of the outfall, and that the question stand adjourned until that point be decided. This amendment was negatived by a oarge majority, and the original carried byl8to 5. Mr. Carpmael mnoved the adoption of the engineer's report, so far as it related to the extension of Barking Cree. An amendment to this, by Mr. Savage, that no plan for the drainage of the m-etropolis north of the Thames could be deemed satsfactorg which proposed an outfall within the metropols, was lost by 15 to 10, and the original motion wwas afirmed. Mr. Carpmael next moved a reference to the Committee of Works of the report of the engineer, so far as it related to the low-level sewer, for their consideration and report. To this an amendment was moved by Mr. Ware, and seconded by Mr. Seeley, that a deputation of five members of the Board be appointed to wait on the Government to know whether their co-operation could be secured in reference so a plan for the embanlmnent of the Thames. At this point, on the motion of Mr. R. Taylor, and after a protracted sitting the debatewas adjourned until Thursday week. TBsTE;rER-3nC-HANGE.-The circular end of the Minchester-Exchange, which has been rebuilt to correspond with the larger portion of the building, from designs by Mr. Mlils, the architect, has been completed, and was yesterda; opened for the first time to the subscribers. The floor is the largest of any public building in this country, or, in fact, in Europe, exceeding very considerably the space afforded by the late Free-Trade-halL In addition to this, there is a light and elegant gallery over the new end, set apart for the newspaper-stands and tables, leaving nearly the whole of the immense floor below for business purposes. The improvement was greatly needed, and, great as the crowd-was at High'Change yesterday, yet people could move about among its z, subscribers with something like ease and comfort. Some embeuishments for the walls, in addition to those of the architect, are all that is now waDting. At present there are only two old portraits (one of a former Earl of Derby and one of Arlwright), and a small bus' of the Queen, pre. sented by tho subscribers.
SALES BY AUCTION. leasehold PrpryIon-laatln.UprCatn and de sial Laeod Propert in teBruh ofSut eak lUSE.PAGE andI CAMINERON beg respectfuilly M IMtonoIf, that the above PROPERTIES, were NOI SOLO at the Auction M art on SteasIay last, but wasy be treated for privately.- 34, 01.1 Broad-stryct. Jiune 17. To Printers, M,edical labellers. Pulcn,and other". MIJESSRS. DEW and KEYSEL ill SELL, at their Rooms, 35, Camomile-street.,iheeae To-morrow. at 11, TYPE, seven presses, rac'ks. c'iases,snmelic adpbican's labels, brass andl zinc plates, gas fittings, wa.,te paper an iter effectsal without reerre. Nor on view. To I rr-prietors of Pottecies, Mineral aod Colouir Grinders, Msindlg Compa'nies and others. A UGUSTUS SMiNITH is instructed to SELL by _Z_AUCTIONY, luoose or more lota, as, may be agreed ripen at the time of Pale, To-moruos-w. Jtme 19. at 1 promPt, the M1ACHLNfltY, lying on Hope-wharf. G;reenwich, f"~riurg a complete plant for the gridin an reucionof riienl nlous, c.Descriptive particulars ain liehas.itrad iew the day before the sale.on application at Au6gustu 'AIl~ nf"iCe. 15, lisekiriamrs-rn. near the bridge jNolttmn-hslL-IfoiUsehvdd Furniturs'. superior Grand Pianoforte by llroadssed. and Etefcts. _FlSSRS. LOCKWOOD will SELLLbyAUCTIONL, .YOn the Premises., No. 44. Nottinc-hilt-sqare. '.0 Sfnidsg next, at oneizll, llils releitIIUSISLDFURNITURE, coinprising iron and oth-er bedsteads, goonl Ireidinir, warrIrohe, chests of drawers4. detesing an,' dlining roomi furniture of the usual dlesription. and nw-erous icllv-n items. on view the Saturday preeedinc the Pale, a-hen cataloguecs niy tsr obtained.-A.icti.neer'a offices. 1, hiurruoot-place. Hyde-park. and 44. Upper &aker-. trN!t. Pall-nn= -ndls Picture_, oisoa portion 'f the Stetehes in, Oil. antI Wa ter-colurs te property7 of thec late Win. Co)llins, It.A.-Now oni View. Ar ESSRS. POSTER at nd SON wvill SELL by AlTO- I TI1702, at lbs Galler. 514 Pall-maill. TilllS DAY. J.lrue 15, atl prec~Isey, a col'lection of PICT`URE;S, compr ising clever examples of the werkA of J. Liinell lJ. IL Herbert. RA. Plassair F. stone. A.IA.. T. M. W. Tunrer, ILA. J. Lewii T- S. Cooper. A.It.A,L W. Collins F-A. G. F Herring, sen. Now on view, and catalogues bad at Meesrs. Fostcers offices, 51, Pallmall. Rye-Lane, Pecltham.-STsefol Iforiselerl Furniture, China. Glass, Linen, Pilaed Articles sod Effects. I%ESSRS. Ill SINSON atnd DAVENPORT will M.. 51-LL by AUCTION, on the Presises. G, !tonrr,elier-road. Ryelane. I1eckhana, U-I-;zrrosr. June 19, at 12,mueful F'URNITURE, in French. teit. and foutr post' bedsteads and tedlding, wardlrobe, chbest of draners. and ch: rrIler appendages., nishocarty dimiag tables, cha-irs. carvel-, curtains, I o,skc ie, china, gla-s. 1;i-un. a few books. kitehen articles and nnner-,ss cte t yl ay e iewed u,lonhing of sale. Cata,%- Bucklers-s TsY. lo,tle-,isn. fet.-S of capital F"n,uitnire two" Cows, Store Fig-, Stirrrrp of hlay, (enIslm .t.Greenhouse Rauls, h-c., by 0'1cc of tIe luolnir :,cr, who is leaving the rieig_hl:mrrlmI_e itR. SEBATtLE wvill SELL by AUCTION, THIS M,TDA%Y, ir t. at 12 She exce!1en7t FURNITURE antI modem AIPIEN'DAG I-N_ ci' a f.Usly reidence. situate in, the centre of -the village: also a graud errmani-uu,, otarie piacoforte, plated arti.cles, dvlegant chin;a ar- las small qjuaitity of ivine. cottage marg~Ie, dairy utensils. rut ortt,isr e:Ther-r. kisty bre viewed one day prctothe sale, and catalIogue, bad on the lOeioirse,t of ersIt SErlieOand Co., 21, Eisho;,s.,ts street; and of the auctioiceer, Camberwell-green. S9t. Jehn's-rv.s. Arieiaide-rca,l north.- - 31.,1- llousliho!d Furniture arid EIIets; 6. Cwtt;ie Pianwofirtc ini rosewo d o;we. iIJ ESSERS. W~. K~I N andI Co. wiill SELL by AUCO- TION52, oru Isrnrbnsassae- To-nr,',,ow, June 19. at I precrs-ry. superio,r BiisSE!iOT.I) FI'PNITI'7RE-, including brass. unho(gai four-p-t. art 'thi r ls-trrl, mvi;iig, wanleohes. chests of ileirver and the renal esramlr.rr s-pewrl~ges: slulerior dinhingroom aid utrawingmVern. fur:e:hire. chium,eyglasses. It ok,r-res, plate, and plaIt,- Loods, atnd tt.e em kitcene repisites : -500 rids,. Of book-a; double-barrel gian be- LlenttSi; gaelenu nei- e and roller. M~ay be ieer!th, day i.o sn-I :on ririe ,f sale, Ctlsaloiures oni the proraises, -raS at tl.e ':11g.; of Itteutrns.I Wellington-road, St. John's,s.' a]. ant I I5 tase-vr-r,lace, Park road. Fiilhxn i -Presses l,r-i ic .7 te iri Casks. lteer. It,rps. and Effects. FESSES. G.W. WV. MASON andl SON S will SELL 17,by AUCTIO1N. on the Premnisc-s. XCeist ror-ery. Williami-street. Fau2ham Nee-toreiu. Tcur-sr une 19. nt 12, i.r lots, a PORTION' of the BiClitEIZY PLANT! andl ITEYSILTS, incelud(ing a- news-four. quarter oak innolt-tun-, co;qter aid lead.y1s arid brass cocks, pump, stillious. lid casks, in sires, 70 bicres of mild and soundi old ale anld porter, three p'4cksts ITent hops, beer-limec fittinugs and fuirniture, mahog-any and oth'-r t-ables and chair-. Instate-ads, secretary, h-c. Stay Ire viesees neis previouis to tire salt-. .r, -atalognes had on the grerr-izscs; and of the auctionecrs, 61. Kiig William-street, Londonbridge. klons~elold Furniture. StirLir Pisnoforte,, Glared ltorokmse.Isou ap- preprir.t's Shot Fittings of a- Tobacconist. ThR. THOR(P has receivedI instrtuc-tions to SELL b TL AUCTIO`N., on t!e Pressises. 7. Oree-n's-teecsce, Caimi.en-road THISi DAY. tlre 15 lb of Junie. at I o'clock precisely, without any r--ervee HIOUSESIST~D FUR'NITUltE. conuprisirig inahogany fourpest and other bet-leads, feather beds- ann boI ling, dining. ha, sand occsin t abls.sruae ianf.rt. himcyglss,a foewbooks, and c-tilng ahgary oaser, hndomega fitigs,be Say beviewed the day prior andtou.rm,ofeutsale. C:xtalogue-s had on the premnises. or at the auctioneer's wniss. 2-i. Upper Albany-stree-t. Rec,ent's~-park. In Bnope-YdiheLife Policies. Recit Cirarges, and Rove-miens tSoesinthe Fu-s On Wedi-Tday, June525. XW11ESSRS. DEBENHAM1, STOFER, and SOkN -will -TJSELL by AUCTION,.at Garrasry's. on W%ednesday, June 25. at 1'2.in lotz,by order of theAss~ig-n-es ofllr. WilliaLmTinc,ey. a banlrupt.t THREE valuable LIl-E POLICIES, with bonruses the-re-en,for the several siumsofX £1,00.X£700, and £E500; abtsnd frr X2fO, contingent on snvivor.hip : She Aibolute Revers-ions to Ooe-Sixth Part of £3660 Conr,-,,'- sand i-2ith Part. of £lIO,C00 Consuls, rayablrl on the deathi ol a lady 65 years of age, audtto se"rcr rest chatrges of £5 per annum each for 51 years. ParticularsB of James Johnston. If q., 57, Chancerylane ; of NV. Peors-ll, Fsq.. official assiignee, 3, Gruildhall-chambems.; at Carraway's ; and at the auction oliceru. Kiig-stroet. Covent-garden No. 5. Glsricestcr-roael, Hereford-square, Old Broimpton. TR. ELGOOD will SELL, on Saturday next, at 12, ML PART of the capital FUR'-\1TURE. and a grand Piano, by Brodw,ood. of a cvntlemnsn udeceased, iscluiding:a pedestal sidebesard, set oftalanes, eight chairs and a carved sofa in morocco by Gilores, Turkey and Brussels carpets, gilt pier and c.onsole tables with marble slabs,. rosseeodnlrin oth rr lo anud candtaIsSes, ninsic-stand, c-Oaks. and couch, haindsome chinmney luistre. alabastsr andI othier ornaments, *Prntols. &be * a four-post heel cornplele. superior winged wardrobe said other chamber articles, hiall Saible. chairs, list stand and barometer, somne china, glass, and dlomestic reoruisites. iron roiler. 500o plants, he. S,tay be vieweetlon Frida,y and catloguaeslhad: ab-oof Mr. Elgeed, IS, Wimpol:-treet. Portuman slniare.-lIonsehold Fumaiturs. Ornameots, and Effects. ThR. STEVENS is instructed to SELL by AUCSI TION. on the PreusisOc, SI. Glest'r-place, Portman-sluare, late'ly cu'erpied by the L.ady Noel Byron, To-morrow. June 19. at 11, the REM1AINIING genuine PIOUSEHOLD FURNITU'RE. compnisluig French and other bedsteade,arnr bedding, mahogany ladies' wvinged wardobe, gasss ad cairs inrr1ne?rialeote~ble. card table.s. sofas, chimey lasescuriiuaandchars,chia, locs. ornmlus candlelabra, a pir f Nnt-ri ase, dnin roni hais. irlberrd,what-nets , a few lotsof ixtres an urme-erusruieclsnom efecs. lay be vie-weel thedayprir o te sle an eaalgumbadonthe premises, and of iNo. 11, Quteen-Bteler. Mayrair.-Excellent modemn Furniture, Carpets', Glass. China, and other Effects. MIR. DONALDSON is instrutcted to SELL by AtAUCTION. on the Premisee, on Friday, Jiine 20. at 12 for 1, the excellent IIOUS;FIOLD) FURNYITURE and EFFECTS, composin rueswood leoand card tablesamsuetrcof ehairs,mualiogany dining tales. and dining room chain, walnut tree tables and whatnot, couches and easy chain., chimnney. cheval, ant..I toilet glasses, girandole, mnahogany wardrobe, chests of drawers, Birursels carpets, window curtains, cor rdices. be., iron bedate..ds and excellent bedding. marble-top washstands, china, class, and kitehen requisLites, a rosewood cottage piano. To be viewed the day Previous and inorninug of sale, when catalogues may be had on the premLses ; an-d of the auctioneer, at his ofrices, 12, Cnrizon-'elret Mlayfair. NVo. 7, Upper I'orcheste-r-stresc, Hyde-park gardens.-The genuine Effects Cr? the. Residence, Pianofortes. Engravings and Paizitings, &r. MESSRS. 'WELSFORI) and Co. willf SELL by ilAUCTIO.N, on Frid-ay, Juine '0. at 12 for 1, modlern FURNITIT7RE and EFFECTS. cermpeisng a drawing room suite in rosewrood, noble chiimney-glasseg, bronzes, clocks and cabinets, plated items,china. glas-', &e. ; the f'urnitnre of the dining room comprises Spanish mnahogany chairs, tIlming tables. conhese. chains. be.; the bed room comprise-s four-post ant Arabian bedsteadls. bedding, wardrobes, marbletop wahshtansds, Sables, '".he the usual kitehen reqjuisites, a few doze-n of fie wrines, in Portan,i1 Slierry ; 3100 vols, of books. On view Thin-a day and morning of oslo, Caltalogues on the promises, and of the auctioneers. 4$. Westbourrn-grove, and 55, New Church-street. HImosehtold Frieiturearid Fixtures, Camnber-aeli-road.. MR. IV. CORNELL (by dir-ection of the Exenutsix M71 of a lady deceas,es, and iii order to clear off the property by riuarterdasy) wvill SELL by AUCTION, on Friday, June 20, at 12, upon the Premises 14. Adldirngton-plae,e. in thO high read to C1amberwell, a very usefrI as,sortment of good IIOUSEIIOLD) FURNITURE, camprising the usual chimcaer appendages, 11 satinwood dIrasrig room chairs and sofa, a capital set of Siranish niahsogany Ite-rsope dining tables, se-tof eicht Trfalgar chains, a3 well-made pedestal sideboard, some china, rlmss.f, a slver lever watch, kitcelsn requisites; also the hoseOtne. uh as stoves, ranges, coppers lns edcsen closets, and other oriscelhanconu iteins, nve the day preceding suet moraing of sale. Catalogues as usual; arid at the arictieneer's offices, Z. High-street, Ne-winston-butts, To Contractors, Fannier;, and others.-At Ptelcrrmbes Hann, Nsew- cress, opposite the Railway Station. .MJR. O WE-N has received inStrucetions from the Pro- c_.T retr wlio has just completed a contract, to SELL by ACION, on the Prem,ises. To-ummrnw, June 59, at!1, abouit2 active DRA`UGRT and VA~N HORSES, 13 short-hem cows and heifes las rood condition. 21 Rent ties, folur trouf road wargons. 15 brick. rurtcbbi'h carta. well-uale trade-smart cart willsi tilt, a headed phacten, 'doble anti single harness, 23 sets of tbiil andI chain harness. 120 coa-l sacks, chaff maclimes, corn bins, and a variety of other effects. NtMay beviewved the da,ybefore the sale. Cataloguesha-l at the Railway Tavern, New-cress; Plouigh Inn, Lewisbamn: Bulfl, Dartford: TIle Tuns, Wa-oMic; Kung'a Armns, Croydlol; Bell), Brromley;' Horse Shoe, Boroiugh:; andI of thie auctioneer. Burnt Ash Fain. Lee. aind Uprper Syitenuarui. No. 15, Wellington-square. Chelsea.-T%Ideden and elegant Household Furnziture, and Ornamental Effects, a 6,1-ectaeo cabinet Plianoforte, in rosewood car-e by Ple-sell Paris, be.- M ESSRS. bAWSON and KNIGHT have received TS instructions to SELL by Public AUCTION, upon the above Premises, on Mo1'nday. Juno 23. at 12. the whole of the modemn and elegant HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and EFFECTS, comprisin drawing-room furniture, in rocewGod, covered en suite in Utr~c'h't velvet. marSinterie cabinets and tables, chimney glasses, pier tables, andgirudoe, n crvet srt iltfraes,dinng oomand stuldy furnitre.inmahgay. ia siebard wth lae-gas bak,expanding dinng abl. asychars inleaher cair coerd e sutewith curtais, n ebosed treht elvt, n otoan bed in leather, Brumsetsandothr crpes ad rgs,gaschadelersin or-moulun and tironre, tatogues obtaine on the premise; and atth ofieofhestioncers. 47. tetertrt.ono.and Chelmsfr.Esx F~reehold Ground Rents, in the county of Sliddlesex, amiorusting to about £500 per annium, and several Freehold Houses, let at rack roue. M ESSRS. WINSTANYLEY hiave receivedl directions i from the Executers to SELL by AUCTION, at the lStart, on Slonday. June 30. and followinig day, in numerous lots, an extensive and valuable FREEHOLD PROPERTY, consisting of about 300 dwelling-houses, puiblic-horises. shiops', and wharves, situate on the Tilekiln andi Coldharbour Estates, in the Hackney-road, viz.:;-in Trafa-d ear-lac eat. ambidg-plce.Yor-plce,TuiIerie-street and place, Earto-Itee, Yrkstretnorh.Cros-tret,Great and Lithle Cambridge-strees. Herbert-treet,dEiit -street, Wnml-tct Brunswic-steet Wemouis-erace Cuberauc-steet Ient-street,WaterIoogAae,Bat-pace b.; om ofth lese Irveonly short terms to rn; to grund ent arewellsecued,and t'he lots Tiry from £65 to £0 nr anum an amont o aout£10 tir sannum. 'Artinwam: will be ready 14 days previons to the sale, to be ticn obtained of -Harrison Rhodes, Esq.. solieitor, Davies-treet,Berkeley.square; hfr. Boston - and ai the Nag's e.ad, in the Hfaczney-road; the place of salo and of Areesrs. Wiratantey, 10, Paternoster-row. Faith, in the county of Kent.-A Pair of Nvell-built semi-detached Residences. within two minutes' walk- of the Station. JtUR. T. DAJNN has been favoured with instructions ilL to SELL byAUCTI,ON, at the Crown HoteL Erith, on Thursday, June 26, at 3. (unless an acceptable offer be made by private contract,J TW'O exceedingly eligible and substantfally-built LEASEHOLD IRESIDENCES, in the occrepation of hignly respectable tenants, prodrucing rentals amounting to £72 per annum, with ample accoramodation for moderate sized families, fitted up regardless of expense, offering a permanent and safe investment, property in this locality being - much in request, wish an easy acce5ssto the metropolis; fitted up witl coppers, ranges, stoves, closets, bells. &c.; and held for an unexpired lermof 91 years, su2bject to a ground rent of £7; abandanty supplied -rwith spring and soft water. Slay be viewved byleave of the tenants five daysprier to the sale, when particularsmaybe hadof Win.tosce, flu,,. 14, Kingstreet. Firusbuares LSondon; of Sir. e. Beadle, honlso agent, Ernth; at all the principal inns in tho netehbeorheed; s ad of tihe ntieoneer and estate age at, Bexley, Kent. On View.-llew SbeffitldrPlated Ware !p[qt ofa stock In trade).ornal miental China, cootly Furniture, Oil k'aiatinzo, Water Colours, "c C HINNOCK and GALSWVORTHY will SELL by AUCTION, at the Itoms, 21. Old Bond-street. To-merrow. June 10 at 12, a collection of MIS1-CLTLANMtUS PROPERTY. of a moot raltAbhle character: cabriole furniturein white and cold. tu1l wood masietri, c~ onaeta cin, otag gaoforte by lira wod cared bon pne-den hais, ndi cavins. erices of china and glas, nmerus srvieso nenfihfllldpateware in tea and colfce set. o rgiserd pttrns ta uns dih oves;alabaster and marble grou, an nuerou usful ffees. n viw. atalogues of the auic- On View.-bix bealutiful Marble Busts by Castovs. 17 Panels otf jo1,ids by Cipriani, aix dozen Sevres China Plates, and other Effects, late the eroperty of Lady Hotham. fIHINOCK nd GASWORHY will SELL by AUCTIN~ a theItoom, 21 OldBond-street., Tn-morrow, Jun 19 si spendd rarhebuta y Cseas.(Hlomer. Afedusa.ApoU-',. DemsthnesEurpees,andCicco. 1 paelsfotstn acomplete decortio fo a rawng oum rpreentng he rtsandscences, in the besteyte yCipiani six ozenSdrrs chnslates-. &c. Oiit view. and etaloues hd ofthe actioeers,2 g.icaet-street, Waterloo- 145 dozen of fine old Port (mne year in bottle), anid 40 dozen of ver-y thine aterne. CHINNOCK and GALSWVORTHY%will SELL by AUCTION, ait the Rooms. 21. O1ld Bonid-street. To-mnorrow, June 19, 145 dozen of excellent oldI IORT WVINE. dry, full of bet-swing. and guarairteed nine years in bottle, being the remainder of the vault of 2.00 dozen lying at the cellars in Milford-liane, strand, from whence it will be delivered ; also 40 dozen of first-class Sauterne. Sample bottles mnay be bad upon application to the auctioneers 25, Itegentstreet, Waterloo.placo. Oin View.-Fauicy Jewellery. Bijouterie, Parisian TiorepieceA. (NHINLNOOK and GALSWORTHY will SllLL by 'k.AIJCrION, at the Auction Roomns, 21. O1ld Bonl-street, To-mnorrow., Junei19, at 1. a MTISCELLANEOUS STOCK, consis,ting of elegant dlrawinig room and library clock:s, a sigure of Michael tho Archangel, gold andsilIver articles of bijouterie, indin bracelet set with rubies, d Albert chains, silver watches, 'fancylinitation jewellery. purses, M .ladies' companions. caskets, artificial wreaths, hesd dresses, shades, &c. Caitalogues ha-d at the Riooms, and of the auctioneers, 28, Regent-street, Waterloo-place. The late Dr. Pereir?s Collection of Mnrl n elgclSehes Also, the Cabinets,Scientificlloul,s, Aptaratus, kc. 1m4R. J. C. STEVENS wvill SELZ by AUCTION, 'I. t his great Roams 3, IS.iInt-street, CoveLnt ganrlern, on ftriday. J.n20. atlIprecisely, the COLLECTOV rf MIINEFtAL.'3, fossils, and geological specitens formed by the ltat Dr. Pereira, 1F.R.S., amonigiwhich are many scarce and due fosstls front Dr. Miantell's Cabintt,.afewniadrepo)res, sbells,anxd other natur.alhistory specimens, nine well-made watiogany. oak, and painted calbinets ; sorme valuable System. Gays Gener .f Birds Doubleda adWtso'sGenera of Diural LtAdoter, Jornalof he GologcalSociety, ice.: ai fieefee asronmicl elecop byJ. Iu-rel,MrueicElectrical Machine. MedIal oils Poartcope Moels f Sips icc SlyDb viewed on the Efa~t Indian and B.razilian Ojrchid.le AIR. J. C. STEVENS will SELL by AUCTION at £Lhis Greait Boom, IS. KCing-street. Uovent-areden. on Toesday, J une 21-kat I precisely-. an imPorttanti of PHANLACN~\OPSIS GRANDIFLORtA. Aerides Sna-reoleus anid Saccolaiun Bllusnel. fromu Java ; also the remaining portion of the Brazilian imnportation of ,ea, Cattleyas,&c*.,as per sale of10th inst. May be viewred onthe,moring of sale, and eataloguies had. T'o Drapers and Brokers. MRLLOYD JONES will SELL by AUCTION, ARI the Premises. 106. Lamaheth-walle. T-.morrow, June 19, 20. andI 23. the whiole of the HIABERtDASHIERY STOCK, Furniture, and Lease of Premises. For particulars apply to the auctioneer, at his offices. IS, New BridIge-street, Blacrtsriars, or 15. Golsdin6ton-ereseent, Camden-town. Notiee,-Freehold ramily Pesidence, wvith Stabling, &c., Claphm.o coninon, with possession. 1IUSSRS. II. DIR OWN and T. A. ROBERTS bog 13I. o notify that the detached ItESID=FC of the late Ms Clavering, situate in Nirlttingale-laute. a fewv paces from Claphame-com. mon. was NOT SOLD at the recent auction. and they are Prepared to DISPOSE OF thsesarne by private tr-aty-22, Throzimorton-street, Ott Foreign Cigars of a tint-class iuatity. X!ESSRS. ROBINS will SELL by AUCTION at LYIthe A,,etion Mart, city, THIlS DAY andl Friday, next. at 12. 6LD FOREItGN CIGARS, of very ecSellent,qualit y anti in1 the finest contiltion ; lotted to suit private puirchasers, tin vies-, Catalogues on morning5 of sale, arnd asample box of each opened for inspection and Coachinnat:r' l'mnisss and Stock-its-Trade. ~IR. JENIMETT is instrtscted by the Triistees of MTD Joseph Ilarvic to SELIL by AUJaII)N, on the Premiiws, I. ll-1u,nont-street Maryleborie. on Tuedsay, Juine 14, the LECASE, at a lo)w rent, of the above co,seeaent ol'l-established BUSINESS PREMISES. also tbe cenmtining Stock-in-Trade,. MNay be viewed at any time. andI particel.rr hadI in duet ct.trse on the premise3; of D. E. Am'stin, Est., solicitor, 12. (jepttsalt cmurt, Thsroginorlost.street; and 0f the auictioneer, carriage bajzaar, King-street. Psrtmant-Ssnare. To Toytnen. Glla,ssst,aters. Tavern eepers, aiid e thers. s- R.JOHNSON wvill SEILL, ait the City Aucetion itlIRooms. l, (9. 0acechttrcht-street, in the large- Poone on the First Floor. on Friday. Jttsc ~ 0. t1 12. a large Co.-SI, eN3ENT of motdern FRENCHI andI tER 5IAN ToYS, iust imporZed. Also a quantity of sttperior Cot Gla-s. in ads of handsomel,y cr1 steranters. wine glasses, tumblers, water cArafte, florver vases., tdishes, .c. Also a quanitity of paperhangiigs. rrriit.t, oi-l,tt ct. Mi%ay hr viewed the day previous and morning of s-ale. Snlt catalogie-s hda h o-n On view at Oxford Villak Fittcie - 7.d t. h Jonts -woosl,-L Exc le Iist Hiosehelsld FurtttreadEtfectq. A/1[R. GEO. MEEKS wilE SELL by AUCTION, on ,VLthe above Premise,. To-tmocrow, Tlttrselay, at 12 precisely, ithe whole of the excellent FURNITURE. c. aprtsiw evrey requisite for the bedi chiambers. dirawtng and dining rooms, library, 0.-c. apicl Pianoforte, engravings attdI ornattents, b,l antd table lint-n, ptlated articles, china, glass, kitchen. u1torsils,a ta rrden roller,atad oth;er ffects. Onl view. Catalogtues on the Pretot-es. ;tnd at the aucetion anti estate offices, 26, Albion-street Hytde-park-sqozare. The dtsirablc Residence to be Let. 10,600 Stock Biks.-S4rrch-gt-en. near lattumsersnith. X R. ALLE DA IS is directed by the Exeeutolr to AVl SELL byA ACTIOR. on the Premis)es, Ic,r.Stree.t'sBrickfield Starch-green. To-utorrow, June 19. at 1, fur 2, ina lets. aboilt 5OOStO STOCK BRICKS, well mad(e, antil lyintg ,--xtdy fi,r caurtage sal,n two poultry. Ma;eviwd tAiutao -s ldo the premises ; at the TravelrsRs,adthe Seven Stars. Starch-grenen ; the Victoria, Us-x brige-oad Kig'sArms, Acton-bo.ttorn : Casltle, tlammersruith; and of SMr, Allen Davis. aitetioneer. 11, old Jewn'-ebambers, city, tiousehold Furstiture a Bagatelle-hoard, two Carts, two itchen R~ 'HAWKINGS w,ill SELL, at Iris Roonis, T v1 6, L!ss.9r-grove, MarYleltone, ont Fridlay. Jrrne 20, at 12 for genuine HOUSEHtOLD FURNIT'URE, Includitng Arabian at,d otlter bedsteads anid beddting, drawers. wanlcober, washstandls. toilet aned chimney glasses, Ion, dining, library, astd othier taties, eltairs. contches. cheffoniers. easy chairs, largec Turkey and Brussels carpets, china anti ornamental itemis, fenders,_scales. gas metres, two casks of pitch, and miscellaneous effects. On view Tharsday after 2. andmorning-ofsoats; and catalogues lItad, This Day.-No. IS, Ciaressent-tes-t-,ce, Peitotnville,-Moderr Hiouse- hold Furniture, Two fine-tOncui Pianofortes, anti Effecte. R. . LCKN wllSELL by AUCTION, on the Preise. a abre.THIS DAY. Jtine 10. at 1, stiperioz HOUSEHOLD FORItNITURE, contyriising a massive 6 feet 6 linch Spanish maheoganty stdeboard, splendid tiiahogany lco table. chairs, couches-, ctarpets. two brilllant-toited pianofortes by eminent matters mahogany four-post and Arabian hedlstetasl, French ditto, beds and bedding, and the nsital bed chiamber appendag capia ahw bah. an excellent medicine ch6~t, and ntumerous useftsl household effects. Ma.ybhe vieweti the clay proviou,s and morning ofsale. On view. Catalogues on the Premises : and of the aucrioneer. 10. hiseklersbttry, city. 'Westbourne-prove west, 9. Lambton-terrace,-Superior mode-rn House- hold Furniture andI Effects. 61 Cottage Ilanoforte in rosewood case. &C. 'ESSRS. W. KING and CO. wHIl SELL by AUC- M TION.on Friday, June 20, at 1 prcisely. the FURNITURE of the above residence : comrarising a drawi,rg room suite in rosewood, dining room ditto in mahroran-y; the bed root, furniture comprises mahogany Arabian and other ,edsateads, a fewr fins engravings, china, class, plate and plated goods, and tlte nat,al kitchen requsriites asied ctilinary utensils, May bervies-ed the day prier and ntormir,g of sale, Cataloguies on the premises, antI at the offices of the auctioner,1, Welllngtbonroad, St. .lobu's-wood, and 12, Hanover place. Parnk-reoan,d lIn Bankruptcy.-Erith, Kent -A compllete and modern Brervery Plant, Fuirnituire. &-c,-By Or-der of the Aszignees. ~JRGEO. ROBINSON wiill SELL, on the Pre- IV,L rises, the Pop P. le Brewery. High-street. on Mlonday next, .Itne 2. a 12 th PLAT, hic copries an 18 barrel copper, a Ranedn's efrieratr, cpperhark, a sashtain, a wa-rt pizm p, coolers, a cpitl frnae, mat-ril. lii asts. wosprintg carts, adsray, a cob. harnss, hadsom ne ligt do cat, ie,;also the furuititre. of the urinl dereipion,May e viwed he Sturay prier. attd catalogues hadon he remses o E,Estard. Et.,1.Sawblrook.court, Basinghal-steet of.1,Mathes. eq. soicior,2,Arthur-street wvest, Lost donbrige:andat r. ent Roinsn'snikes,21. Old Bontd-street Albaniy-road, Cam erwell,-Hlousehold Fniue hn,Pae Jewellery, &cc, 1IR. If. SOWDON lhas a-eceiv-ed inlstriieCtions froM M3 the Exeeittors of the late MISSi Crellin, to SELTL by AUCTION, on tIhe Premises, 197, Albanty-road. Camberwell. 'FlItS DA.Y. June 15, at12 forl, the whole of the moderm IHOUSEHIOLD FURNITURE;" comprsingmahoany iningcard anddre-ing tables. toaltogarry librry,eas an oter hais, ottlte, earble-tep sideboard writh cellret Brsses crpet. fsrcpes atn Febec bedisteads, clean bedlln, bromte, cirare anI tilt gasss,eigcht-day clock in maltoganyeas. 4 or ofplae. ssotasnt f jwelery, several goodl paintrt ing. hoks an tie nsa cuinay itenail, My e view-e-si and cataogtts obaine onthe remies ;airdat ite rrctotscr'soffices. 1,100OReamasofftine Writing-attnother Papers, slighstly damna-etdby fire; also, about 12 tons of Paper of every dlescription. from the-late fire in Fleet-street, Stereo)type Plaites, Peilittiug Stock, &0.- jR. L. A. LEWVIS will SELL at hsis House, 125, ,L.,Fleet-streel. on Friday. Junte 20, the H'INTED STOCK, stereo- tuype plates. woodicuts, andt cwAss of the late firmi of Sterars. 'Wright, Underwood, and Purt, of Bristol, comprising!F2tS copies of HeInricit Stelling's Life, royal Svo,. 3to Life and Letters of Gerhardl Tersteegen, rep. Sro., 1,300 Account of Ns-wcroso Hloiste, Bristol, with the copyright, mnanY thousandl copiles of Memno'rs Of Charlotte Elirabeth, Edward Baines of Leeds. Richard Reynolds of Bristol. and other celebrated chamseters, and t-umeroism other books in Qutantities, stereotype plaes f Mtrry'sGramar fie sts arkam's Spelling, two sate Havo's peileg.FennegsSpelS -Vyses Selling, two sets Wrigrt's Brogaphral Gms.&c.,coppr as~ ml pltes lithlogr-aphie stones, 'Warminster, Wiltshiro.-Borebane Villa. i/R. STE NT will SELL by AUCTION, at the LVI.Bath Aires Hlotel, in 'Warminster. on 'Monday, the lId of Jmnre, at 61 In the evening, that elegant detacleed VILLA. distinguihed as Boreham Villa. This valitable propertv comprises a well-arran,ed aInd cormmodious ten-roomed dwelling-house, with excellent offices, enach-houre. threce-stalled stablo, externsive walled. kiteleen and isleasure gardens well stocked, lawn, shrubblerY. &-c., entirely surrounded with ite own land. comprising ahont 3I. Ir, l3p.: tlto whole formning a most dlesirable and compact fa;mily residence, delightfully sitirate near the high roadl, let Perfectly private ansI detached; one mile from the market-place and the station of thte Wilts, Somerset. and 'Veymouth Railway, thus offering facilities for gaining easy access to the metropolis or any other Parts of ths kingdom. The dtistrict ahounds with fisliing and game, and is hinentetI by the Blackmoroe-vale hon--do. The sititrtion is one of the most healthy ansi intlcresnirg- in the kingdom, bein atthefoo efthefarfamd WltsireISono.Theproperly healhy ive, agd rspetivey 4, 4, an IIyeas, sbject to ani annual payentof s. ay e vewe bycar onaPplicatior to the auctioner,Woreinter orto Ir,Chaman so icitor, Warminster. Trowbridge, lWilts.-To Capitalists, WVoollen Ilanufacturers, and MR. J. G. FOLEY ~others, SALE by. GtFOLEY is instr-letedto sutbmit to S by Dlblic COMfPETITION, at the George Hotel, Trewhridge, on Monday, June 23. at 6 irs the evening. subiect to such codtosas shall then be produced,. all that capital1 WOOLLEN, CLOTH ;AUNUFACTORY, situtate on the Tiver Biss, near thne town bridge. in Trowbridge aforessid. late the property of M5r. Samuel Saunders Paritt. deceased. Also. all the dyehouees, washing stages. two capital Ete.am-engigcs. cnittal to 30-horse power. witlh new steam boiler, and the whole of the extensive sliafting, gearwork, &c,, throtrghout the muils. And also all that excellent dwecllg hastee and premises. replete with every convenience: a piece of rich orchard land. stocked with choice fruit trees, large walled-in kitchen garden, shrubberies, and lawn. witlh the orrtamental cottage, and Chines-earbour, standing at one erdof the orchard, the whole of wvhich land containb 2a. tri 32p., andadOjoins the river'Biss. tN.B-The whole of the moveableTnachinery onthepremises (an inventory whereof will be produced at the time of salp) maybe taken at a valuation should the purchaser recuttire the same arOd then declare his intention suto do. otherwise the same will be immediately dispssed of by public auction, Furthrer particulars; and cartds tb v-iew may ho obtained of the auctioneer, the Parade; tessrs.E.Bush and Son. sollcitors, Trowbridge.- Aiet.on Offices, Trnwbridge. City.-Elegant modern Furniture. including a Drawing Room Suite in fine Walnut lVood, Two brilliant-toned 61 octave Cottage Pianoforte, and Effects. il/R. IV. T. BUCKLAIND has received instst-ctions BTEL to SEL by AUCTION. at the Booms. 69, Queen-treet. Cheapside. two doors from leannon-street west, on Friday next, June 20. at 12 o'clock. (removedI for the convenience of s2olee) tle excellent FURNIUTURE. comprising handsome Spanishi mahogany four-pest, Arabian, andotherbedsteadsqwith richdamaskhangings,jrimecleangoosefeather beds and bedding, noble vinged and plain mahogany wardrobes, double and s8ngle wash-hand-stands with marble tops and appropriate china fittings, toilet tables, chests of drawers, bidets. fine plate cheval and dressing.gia-mes. &Ac.; a draving room suite in walnut wood, including chaise lounges, ottoman, settees, and chairs covered in Utrecht velvet, wvith curtains for twro windows to correspond, solid rosewrood loo, card, and occasional tables, and commomdes. brillUant plate chimneyand pier glasses of large iomensions in richly gilt frames, two fine-toned61 octave cottage pianofortes in rozevwood and walnut wood cases, elegant Dresden china and other ornaments, elaborately carved mahogany sideboard set of noble telescope-frame dining tables bookcases, dinner wa2ggona 12 chairs in mrorecco leather. fine otl paintings, proof prints, china dinneranddessertservices, richly cut glss, Brassels Axminivter, velvet pile, and other carpete, tw o wrought-icon szafes, kitchen reuisites, out-door itens, and cetnerote effecte. 'i'o be viewed the morning of sale, wvhen cat..logues moay he obtain. at the rooms, and of Ifs-. W. Tr. Bucidand. autton0iere sad valuer, 63, St. Gtoree s-road, ~e Keut-road; land at the gslay. NOW onViv.x tc of Mensur. Browne and Co., Univecaity-stet the list sale previous to delixereingup. tbepremiSexatMidaumnmer ,ineluding marbles. bronzes, nioeira,c a stained-gizas window. marble clsimney-pieces, seagliola, pedwmrls. &c. MESSRS. RUSHWORTI{ and JARVIS beg to Xi announce that the Ft'INAL SALE of the valuable STOCK of Messrsa trowno aLnd Co. wil take place at the Galfleres, UniversityStreet, on, To-morrow. June 19. and following day, and will include many valuable groups figures. atid bosas in marble ; eight marble statues of Italian poets and painters, size of life; statues, groups. vasesk,d., in marble and stonet. adapted for pleasure grounds ad guardens; a few choice bronzea, fine Bpecimens of wcagliola In pedestals, brackets, kc.; beautIful sta tuary anid rich foreaia marble chaimneypiecees des:gned with great taste and sculptured by first-rate artists ; cixgropsof lguesin ood(lfe tol, nd ac stndsfomedofboys worh ad Jnoi, Svile-rw. eget-sree,sad 19, Changelly Belsize-ro.id. 1In the PaIriah of Hamnpelead.-A most excellent and spa. cinus enemi-detiched Family Residence, in the old English style, from a degn bY Pligin, with Forecoirt and small Garden; held for S years. at a grrounid rent, with pOw, e.ssion. 'A ESSRS. RUSHIVORTI{ andI JARVIS will SELL, TV. by AUC.TION. at Careaway's. on Friday. June 27, at 12. a hanid. sis )Mntu cimmnodious RESIDENCE, si tuate No, 45, Belsize-road, faced seith red brick andi Bath. stoen dressingas. baving pointed gables and an ornamental porch, containing eight bed roorms, elegant reception roomns. conen-iient offices, all in thorough dlecorative and substantial renair, and fit. for imnmedifate occupation. Belsize-road is appzoached fromn thLe west side of the N'ew Finehlsy-roast throusi, Adelalde-road north. 'May be viewved daily, and particulars bad at Garraway's ; of Messr,s. Futvoye. Saweten. and Lightfoot. solicitors. 23, Johnustreet, Redford-row; and of Messrs. Rushiworth and Jarvis, SaTlille-row, Regent-street, and 19, Chanige-alley. C:ornliill. Bloomsbury-street.-Capital Leasehold Property, or. the Duke of Bed- ford's Rstate. held by original lessee, and underlet to good tenants, pTesenting desimable Invextments. IVjrESSRS. RUSHWORTEH andl JARVIS wil iVLSELL by AUCTcON, at Garrawray's Coffeehouse, on Friday, Junie the 27th. at 12- o'clock'. in foiur Iota. b.y dir,ctio,n of the T'rustees, (lot I1 a opc ely-erected RESIDENCE. situateNo. 7.lomsbury-street, near Newv Oxford-strret and Broadt-street, Bhloimabu,y. held direct from the flokre of Bedford, for 51 years, at a groundI rent, and let at £10 pee annum.L Lot 2 No. S, Bloomsburystret aneseyorcte andcorespndin Reidece, adjoining the precAtu. hld y searae lase fro th flke f Rdford for 51 seas.at goud ent adlta£7pcasunM. o. Thespacious Iteiduce N. 0, lomobrysteet narGreat Ruse-street, let on lese fo 21 ears.at £20 pe annu, alo a lrge oach-suand fiv-sallstble wthfou cccu oerin herea, eton leas for seven yeas, t 4 pe anum:thi lo ishel ofth Duke of Redford for 37' year ata grundrent Lo 4 Te ecelent Residence, No. 21, l(Iomsbey-tect, et n laseforIs ear, a L5 per annumn, heldl of hisC-rcefor15yess,andreewalein hecustomaryimanner, 1ay, be vewe wih prmisionof he enats,andparticulars had at Garrawa's;of essr. Ftvee. Ssetll.andLightfoot solicitors, 23. Joh-sree, edfrdro; ad t ts ffiesofMessrs ltuhhwo.-th and ,Jaris Saill-ro. Rgen-steet an 19 Cange-alley. CorubilL Westboiir.e-ttrrace.-Fashi.snable Fuirnituare. a valuable Self-acting Cabinet Pianoforte (by Rolfe). a few Picturres, Framed Prints, fine old Bronzes, 'Marble Groups, Figures and Blusts, Clockss, Lustres. Ornamental rorcel-ain, Services of TableChina and Gut Glass, and a variety of Decorative Append'~gas thiroughout the residence, 1'II ESSRS. RUSH WORTH and JARVIS will SELLi by AUCTION, on the Premises, 153, Westboimrne-tcrrsee. opposite Trinity Churceh. Pasldinetos. on Thursdlay, July 3. and following dy, te eaptal odernTUNITUE manuuactured withini the Isatew ear byMesrs.ItidloanfSos: icinin'a suite of itoh goldcolor fgure sil widow urtans.roseuo~Sofas, conches, settes,andchars covredto o-rspsdl.beautiful cabinets andl tabes n mcjieteie wanut an ceewod.gilt coussles. gt-assm and chiney-lams (n rihlygil frmesof tsteul esiul,chandeliers, ghndnls, locs, nd andlaba, osereo bokcaesand writing tale rserod idbord ad.0 harswihpurl moor cents inuget dtto, a very excellent set of mahloganydingtbeoexninc rame, Brsses carpets, burnished tteed fendrs;tecl eedo of be lsn sc ntanall that is uLsually found inafsiabyur nished house, and inexcellei,t condition, Maybviwdtoas previous, and catalogues badt of Messrs Ru.hworthadJri,Sile row. Regent-street, and 19. Charnge-alley. Combhill. Clare-mnarket.-Iuiproied Rentals of £49 per annum, arising from twvo dwvelli.sg-houses sond shops, beinig Nos. 5 and 6, llolles-street, M ESSES BAILEYand SONare instructed to SELL l MTCI~ON, atthe Mat, ToorroW. June 19. at. I, all hos TWODWELINGHOUES, ithShops, Mcing Nos. 5 and 6, hlesstret, laresnaket:letto rspe tabetnants producieg, an uprvedrenal f £9 -erannm, cesidratlesum has been expededin eparin andimpovig bth ousts, The owl'i,counters, and oher tnants fixures all e incu tedisoth urchaise. 'May be, viswed instil the sale, andI particulars bad at th art; or of Bailey and Son. dl, Wrood-street. city, Mslida-hili.---Leaaelio.lds.---Threo sulperior brick-built Residei,ces, wvith H E ~~~~~large Gardenis, iESSRS. BAILEY and SON will SELL by AUC. ILTION1. at the Miart. London), To-morrow, Juneo 1'. at 12. in thiree lot-, all those TBREE most suta-tantial brick, built semi-detachied RESIDENCES. eligibly Situate anid being Nos, 30, 13, and 1t, Hamilten-terrace, St. John's-wood-road; eachi containing drain-ig and dininig rooms,, library, five bed rooms, dressing roohim, and coninidxioui; basement: front garden plot, entrance ball, and large garden, extending in all to abouit 160 feet; all let to most respectawils tenants, at rents amnounti ng to £250 ncr annutm: also a large Pint of GroundI at rear of Nos. 13 and 14. wvith stable assd coach-house. bulit on part of the same, P'rinlted particilars suna coniditions of sale may he bad at the Auction Mart; of INI, H. Gregory, Esq., Waxchiaudlers'-bali, Grezbam-street west ; or of fliiley and Son. 42. Weed-street. city. Thne late 1%frs. England's Estates.-A F'reehiold 'Private Residence, Dover-street, Picnoslilly, and rxtensiv-e Busines Premises in the Blaclfriars-road. p,rot,ichur £150 p-er annum. iM ESSRS. BAILEY andI SON are instruceted by the Trustees of tIte late Mrs. Anni Englaud,to SELL byAUCTION. at the Mart. To-morrow., the 19th Juiie. at 12 o'clock-. in two lots, all that FREEEOLD brick-built PRIVATE RESIDENCE, beinig 13, Dover-street. Piccadilly, let on lease at the present moderate rental of £10 or annum ; also a Dwell ing-house wvith Shop. and rear Buisiness Premies, eing62. Blackfriars--road. let on lesselat the low rental of £61. and hleld for ateensmof which about 29 yearn are unexpired, ata, ground rent of £5 per annumn. Printed p-articulars and conditions of sale may he lhad at the Auction hllart ; of Jno Fraser. Esq.. 16, Furmivals'-isu, Itolborn ; or of Bailey and Son. 42, Wood-street, city. SaleThi Day-Mi-eii-nok-Rselint reehold. Investment. il4ESSRS. HU.11PHREYS and WALLEN have LV.received instructio,,a to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mlart, THIS DAY, at 12. the HIORliIS&StOE FREEI5ItA.D 'BEERSEIOI, in legssr. Chsariuigton and Co.'s trade, being let on lease for 161 years, Iat;£3 per annum, hut under-let at £45 per annum. Prinxted par- ticulars of Mlessrs. IV. J. Norton and Son, solieitcirs New-street, Rishopsgate ;at the Mtart; and of Messrs. Humiphreys and Wallen, 63. Old asread-street. city, Sale This Day'.-liat C,reenwich.-IHighly valuable anid important FreeholdI Estates, part eligible for a Manufactory on a large scale. part formning a firnt-rate liivestmlent, and the remainder wiorthy of the notice of Builders, Speculators, and Calitalists. / ESSRS. HUMPHREYS anid WNALLEN beg to 31V.t notify' that the above ESTATES will be SOLD, at the IMart, T IIIS DA. ,at 12, in, seven Iets.inelliding the extensive M11ianfacturing rrenises. mnany years in the occupation of Messrs. Enderhy, tile rvpery adjoining the steam engine and boiler works let on lease to Mir. Beale. anexeelleist investment; about four Acres of building lud. well worthy the notice of speculators; and 10 cottages. Particulars of Messrs. Tatham. Upton, TUpton. and.Johnson. solicitors. Austinfriars ; at the Mart; andI of Messrs. Hunmphreys and Wallen, 65. Old Broad' street, city, Neatr Rochester, Cent.-By Messrs COBB, at the Crowrn Inn, Pochester, on Tuesday, Jusne 2-4, at 5, in reven lots, T~ESIABLE reehod Esttes,in the parishes of St. I.Y aryandAlihlloes,Smils foneRoceater, comprising a small theIsnuciat nnsinthe neigbuho;of G.Ted,Eq.slctr 5, loae-trrae,Sloane-qar;and of Messes. Cb,surveyors and ladagents, 15, Ln nsinled,Loiudon. and Rcetr Roumay-marali, Keut.-By Messrs. COUB, at the Saracen's Head Inn. Asloford on Tues-day, the Ist of July, at 2, in one lot, THE ver-v desirable Freehold Estate called Caldecot, Tothezrwise Coalot Farm, in ibo palish of Lysau. within one mile of the town of New Itmuncy. comprising about 94 sores of arable and pastiure land of the richest nuality, with farm-hones and premaises;also a valuable nreik and tile yard,. immediately adjokning the highj road. The whole is in the occupation of Mr. Robert Jeukin Terry, and offers an excellent property for investment or profitable occupation. Particulars, with plane. may be had at. the principln inns at New Rtomncy, Lydd, and Asliford ; of Messrs Hanibory and Smith. eolicitorl, Leamington; at the Auction Mart ; and of Meassr. Cobb. surreloria ad landilgenta. 18. Lincoln'S-inn fteld.. anstRochester, Rent. lloxton.-Freehold 12-roomed Dwelling House. R. ORWOODwill SELL by AUCTION, at the 'Mart, WonOVDnsly June fro and19 rhea now ScpEdO by 2,H ton-q-Mwt edneday, June fro. atn12 thear o R oD npiI, No, an old tenanut at £32 a year only. 'May he viewed, an't priatest particuilars obtained of Messrs. G. and J1. Clark. solicitors 28, Finsburyplace; at 'Mr. Orpwosd's auction offices, Artillery-place,' Finsburysquare; and the Mart, By SOUTHGCATE and BARRETT, at their Auction Rooms, 22. Fleet- street, THIS EVE'NING, June IS, and tire following evenings, at 6. IU.NGRAVINGS being a funtiler- portion of the ELJstock. of 'Messrs Ackerniaun and Co.. sold in consequence of a dissoluition of parinership ; comprising Some fine proofs from the works of Sir R. Laodser. J. 35. W. Turner. and WNilkie; important illustrated books; three Lea ArmIesz d'Europe. coloured, in 50 parts.- chioice Italian proofs and Scriptural line egrgavings;: 500 large Sportinlg Subjects. weloured; 400 Frencli and English Stuidies, coloured : 40 Bentley's Guianas, coloutred; wvater-colour drawings, andL a great variety of others. 'May be viewed, and catalomues had. Brixton,-Hamlsome modemn Furniture, well manufactured and in excelient condit-ion. MESSRS. PLEWS and WALL wvill SELL by AlV. AUCTION, on the Premises, N,. 6, Bedford Cottages Barrington-road. Lo)ughborougli-road. oni Tuesday. June 24th, at 12 for 1, by direction of the Executors, the FURNITURE and EFFECTS; cootprising a dmiring room suite in rosewood and crimsoni damask. beo and occasional tables, wvinged commode, cldminey-glass, cut-glass chiandlelier and lustres, French porcelain and othier ornaments; excellent dining room apependages in mahogany, the chairs in leather, framed prints, boocas and books, Arabian, four-post, and Frnenh bedsteads, in miahogany and icon, capital bedding, anid thle usual fittings hi maahoert.gany and marble, cllina, glass, cuflioary articles, and Miscellaneous efets ay, ho viewed the day previous, anid catalogues had on thle premises -.and of Plews and Wall, Clapham-roasl, (opposite the Swran.) anid 34,, Poultry, city. Commaercial Sale Roomns. 44. Farriagdomi-street. oen door from T[olbomn- hill.-Stock, Fixtures, Furniture, and Effects of a Groeer.-Absolute anid unrese-rved Sale. MESSRS. GREEN anid SON will SELL by AUC- TION, at their Roolms as above. THIS DAY. Juino 18, at 12 foci,. the genuine STOCK, FixtUres Hoseihold Furaitumre and Effects of a- Grocer; the stock compristog fine teas, coffees, spices fruite, arrwroot, Royal hand broovs and tea papers, vinegar. miustard, toilet shape, brushes, brooms, and other useful steels; alaso execelent miahogany-tom, couinters1, drawers, canister fittings. suggar, coffee, and pepper cell , S3 handsomne japanned canisters and shiow howls. wveigbing Machines, beams weihts,scals, a ymeschoper, ugartray, gas flittengs, slilvig. .c. te huseoldfuritre onesisofFrenich and other bedteas, airmatreses,clen fathr bds,bedding, washstands, chess ofmahoany rawes, mhogay lo tabe, brilliant plato chimney lass mahgan chars, asy hais. Bussesc rpes,rgs, painting, bok, ad umeoususfulefect, My a vewd the day prir ad mrnig o sle.Catloges adat te rooms, and at the H3alstcasl. between Bromley and Serenoaks, Kent.-By Nfr. T. BAIXTER. at the Auction Mart, on Thursday, June 26, at 12, in fourlots. VALUAB3LE Freehold Estates ; comnprissso a uT'iWad valuable farm, called Stone-house Farm. stituate adjoningthe toimpie read, consisting of about 127 acres of excellent laud.invdth houose and buildings, possessing admirable sltes for the erection of one or more good residences, being one of the mosrt beautiful and healthy situations in the kingdom, commanding extensive and delightful views of the fine undutlated country arounid, and wel sereeued from the north by fine omamental fir trees, and may be readily converted into beautiful park.-like grounds, having a pretty drivc from the high road through the lvinding vaUey up to the house. Also a piece of Taluable building land of about 16 acres, sitnate at a short distance from the above; another piece of land, with a large barn thereon, and several enclosuires of valuable building land, situnte in the viUage of Hialsteaad. These properties are tnily valuable, being so eligibly situate in so delightful and healthy a country. There are omnibuses to ansd from London, a-d a railway in contemplation to come witlin fiOe miles, aud stag and fox hounds in the neighbourhood, Mray be viewred 14 days preceding the sae, and printed particulars of F. V. C. Pike. Esq., solicitor, Serle-street, Lincoln's-inn, London;- inns in thle neihbolurhood * at the place of sale; and of the auctioneer, &c., Bromley, 3ent. Upper Enst Sheen, Surrey, contiguous to Richmond-park, and near th Mortlaice and Richmond Railwray Stations. MESSRS. TOGHILL and JACKSON will SELL IVJ.by AUCTION, at the Mart. on Tuesday. July , at 1 o'clock precisely, in two lotg, hyorderof the Proprietors. Lot l is a thoroughly well-busilt and singularly attractive detached VILLA RESIDENCE, in the Italian sty,le of architecture, anid of elegant design, called Derby ViUa, Upper East Sheen, standing on an elevated lawn, with tastefully laid-outgroimds, meadowland, pleasure and kitchen gardens, withlodge entrance containing three roonis, &c., oomprising about 3* acres. The house contains, on the upper floor, ten capital well-arrmuged bed rooms. two dressing rooms (which have recently been newly decorated aud fitted with marble mantelpieces ant stoves), large nursery, bath room, and two water-closets; on the grouind floor an entrance hall. with elegant double sta;rcases, a suite of three handsome reception rooms communicating or dividing at pleasure, housekeeper's room. weU.fitted offices, sc. ; stabling, coach-houses, and out-offices. Moderately estimated at -£200 per annum. Lot2. A valuable Plot of Building Land, Possessing a front sge of 368 feet to the upper road, with a depth of 270 feet, and containing about 2* acres, the road to whicb is made: from its ingh and healthy situation, is of a first-class character for building puposes, being a light loamy soil on a stratum of graveL The land-tax on both lots is redeemed, and there is a valuable right of common on all the commons of Wimbledon manor, of vvhich manor both lots are ho'deis, Every facility for enfranebising in ziven by the Lord of the Manor. The wvel-manufactured Fumitare willbe Sold on the premises the two following daye. The premises may be viewed bycardsonly. Pfarticulars and cobditions, with lithograph elevation and ground p lan of the estate, to be had at the Mart; of Ir toe slct r, nsworth, Derbyshire; Messrs. Stevans and Satchell, solicitors, 6, Queenstreet, Cheapsido; and fessrs. Toghil and Jackson, -,oge ageat6 aad Aug(CtILag. kieorzkEteet, tichmond. Jamaica Tavern, -jamnida Level, near MMl-pond bridae, Berusondo.. -To Bnuiding Mateirial Doalers and others. MR. PEAKE is favouredl with instructions. from Mesds. Courage iand Co. to SELL by AUCTION, upon the Proisrze, IlS DY,Jue , t 1. n -is.the MATERIALS cons. priedintht el-kow acintplceofreor, he OLD JAMAICA No. 45tre,fttn and 4,Lglae,Bectis. -ay heuiewd temring oaera Dtalers and others ~4.PEAKE %vill SELL by AUCTION, upon tbe ilL premisEs. on 'Friday, June 20, at 1I. (insteat of Thursday. June 19. as Previously advertised,) in lots, the MATERtL&LS comprised in the above brict-bnilt RESIDENCES, ronsi%ting of stock brickwork. tiniber, a"d flooring. large quantity of paueiled Partitioning. doors, sashes, and frames leadi gutters ws-d pipes, stone pair ith a Tariety of effects of the usuaal description. 'Jay be viwdthbe monming of sale. ald catalogues obtained at Mr. reakess offices. 44. Tooley-staset. Southwark. St. John's. SonthLwarlk, anid Hill-street, Frior.street, Blackfriars-road.- Leasehold Estates. R~f . PEAKE is directed to SELL by AUCTION, 8V t the AuiCtion Mfart, To-morrow, Junne 39, at 12. in lots, by order of the Executors of Mr. John Booth, deceased, TWO LEASEHOLD ESTATE.S, comprising Noc, 2, 3. 4, and 5. Cross-street. St. Johns, Southiwarke, and Noa. 54,t 55, E6. 57, and 58. HUIl-street, Friarsftreek, llackfriars-road, producinga gross rental of 4l3sperannum.; held for terms of years at low rents. Mlay be viewed by permission of the teniants, and particulars obtained of M.essrs. SIeo and Robinson, solicitors. L. Parish-stir-it. St. John's, Southwasrk, and at Mr. Pe~ake's auction otlices 44, Tosiley-street. Souithwarlr. Broundey in Kent, and Southwark.-F~roeholdan3d Leasehold Estates, producing £399 per aununi, ILj B PEAKE is directed by the 'Mortgagee n%nd v.zMiortgagor to SEt,LhbyUCTIOfR, at the Mfart, To-morrow, June 19. at i2. in Iota, aLcASEEIOLD ESTATE, comprising rthe whole of Dorset-terrace, Great Doves-maal. R,su-lhwark ; also % Freehold Property, Situate on Bromley-hill, Brourley. Kent. Particnlars obtained of Rt, Cattams, Esq., solicitor, 53, Marki-lane' R. Gude, iunn Esq.. sollicitor. George-yard, Lomnlsrd-strset; Rt. 'B. 'brddome. Eso:: solictor, 27. Nicholas-tone; at the Tiger's Head Inn, Chislehrsst; and at Mfr. Peake's offices for the disposal of estates, 41, Teoley-street, Southwark. Bromley ancl Chiselhunet, in the county of Kent, and. the Borough of Southiwark.-Freeheld and Leasehold Estates, for investment or occup1ation3. Produceing 410 per annum. Itr.PE AKE is ordered by. the Mortgagee to SELL MRI byPublic AUOTIO'N, at the Mart, To-imorriw, June 19. at 12, in lots, several FREEHOLD and LEAkSEHOLD ESTATF.S. of a desirble character. sitoiate in the ab-ove localities, all let to respectable tenant;s, and in a moot ellicienit state of repair. This property is well worthy the attention of moderate capitalists seekinz lucratiee invest. ment, Prtiulas, wth ondtiosid ate obaind of Rt. Gnde, jnn,, Rue, sliito. Gore-yrd.Lobar-stee; o B. I,Besdome. Esq., solcitr. 7, ichlaslan: a th Autio Mst;Tiger's Head Inn Ch fichrt nda i,Pat-' fice ortedisposa of landedi coam ,t Freehold ar,d Leasehold Estates. 1IIRPE Ie is orderedI by the Mortgagees and iLL rtgaor t SEL byAUCTIONT, at the Atart, To-morrow, Jue 9.atIi i lts vriusFR'EEROLD and LEASEHIOLD ESTTES stnae o tat ictvesin spt.Chhselharst-common and ltrmle, i Ket.als inKen. sret an ote at fthe borough of ontawak, ll etto good tenants, and leshlsheld at low groud rnts,Pariculrs,with conditions of sale. Obtained of P. B. Beddme.Boo, soicior.27,Nicholas-lane : of IL. Gude. jun., Faq., solcitr, eore-ynl.Lombr-sret Afl.S. Tro'Ropc, Fsq., solicito. 26 Parisroot-tree, Wetminter:of . 0. awlinp, Esq.. solIcito, 1, Slisusastrut.Strnd;and as 1rcTaks's offices; for the disosa oflaned staes,44.Tooer-tret Squtiuarak Early Sale, To-morrow.-Csstle.street, Falcon-sqrsare.-Kovisebold Fur- ,piture anid E rs 1IR. C. FUEBEER will SELL by AIUCTION, To- LYiureow (Thursday), June 19. at 10 for 11 precise time, HOUSI?, HOLD FULNTITURE anudlOrFIC EPITTINqGS, of a neat nuahogani secret%irs bookcase, sideboard, mahogany diningand 1Pembroke tables, large chimniey glass. ofllce dealer, eight-laY dial. c"l3inzu Pre,,, wvith tisc usual chamber furniture, culinary utensils, and effects. May be viewed this day and morniug ut sale and catsloces bad oat the premisle. and at the auctirn ofliecA, in Warwrick.rotirt, Gras's-inn. GrAfton-street, ijand-siresa.-The modemn Furniture and Appoint- msents of a centleman's Town Itosidence. including splendid carvee ant1 gltSuites, large Saloon and Chimney Glasses, magnificent Cham deier. and expensive Plated Service. M R. C FURB ~R las boors instructed to SELL b.N AUCTION. on the Premises, 5, Grafton-seaeet, TEIIS DAY June IS, andI To-morrow. at 12 for 1 o'clock- each day, (in con sequence of the lease expiring at MIidsmmier-day.) theo whole of thin valuable CONU\'ENTE of this RESIDE,NCE. Tbe drawing and recep tion roomns are superbly furniished in richly gilt cabriole suites, hanid some stainut-wvood and rosewool centre and occasional tables writing tables. rosewood suites. The fittings of the dining room nor library consist of a haindsome Pedestal sidelbsord,set of telesroipe-frami dining tables, sets of chairs and easy chairs in morocco leather', librar' tables, bookcases ; the best and secosslary bed chambers are supplier with every comfort, including mahogany wardrobes, chests of draw em, marble-top washstands, toilet glasses, mahogany four-poa and French bedsteads, prine goose feather beds, hair and wvoe mattresses, and the nasaLl appendages; of eintrance-hall and staircase china, glass, Plated articles. Sec., and the whole of the general requisite for the servants' offices, and ninnero'o effects. SlAay be viewed twvo dlay prior and morning of sale, and descriptive catalogues had on the pre mises, and at the auction offices, in WVarwick-court. Gray's-inn. Braeupt,iii.-Handsome 'Modern Furniiture, Fittings of a! Dentist Surgery, Paintings, Ornaments, Bsooks, &e. 11,1R C. FUBBER wvill SELL biy AUJCTION. oi .LL h Premises. S. Sydney-street liulham-road. on Friday. Jun, 20. at 12 for I O'clock., the FURNtITURE and FITTINGb3 of th, above RESIDENCE : consisting of an expeiisire w,alnut vood drawinj room suiite, coveredt in richly flowered Fi.r,ncl damask, handsome Mas queterie centre table. elegantAinoged coeffouier. costly suit's of winioN curtaisn, large chimney glasses, new velvet pile and Brussels, carpet,s two sets of ro.sewood drawing room claitrs, neat diniing room furuitur in Spanish mahozany, of a set of teles~cope frame stninlg tables, pedeeta sideboardl. sets of chairs, a capita revolviung tep library table, a suPer in Spanizishmahrogany ParisianLihorahes and forps bdtas,pii heddns chesi of drweU mabetpwaiStanLL. cby AndCTIOile glase andal the usalremuisies, the B ittingl f allstetciy and Staircase ncnten cofuevntin-os' otclcrhue ities, and numerous effects. Aa evewd o ats bevevd idctlogues hiad on the premises, anddat the auction fie,i airc coffosrt, Wri-out Gray's-inn, Basilmhngt- iistre iiToartists'l Coisoe,Ltorphr,adoht m R. C. rFURtBEB will SeLL byAC rO,or LVIthe Premrises.r to asibist -trePutlicty AUTON Satura nexAuto June 2. eat 12 fuy.url,eth prevousl dinpTsAd of tby abovae, treaty,nh about 70 lb.s a of grroinsIporeran srtuit of e10ppensiv My e colours( ai aonytimthne p ndev reous tl e fae Prixt lres, and cnumerons effects. ola be iewed,ee ad~ ro atotealogusadto the premisesar; and at the aucto thnollics. in Warwick-court. Gray's-m in. the BA eter to subit toL byi AUCTION, at theAcorr Matwary's in Monday. uls puneviously sis e ofby privatle treaty, th excellenHODSEELaING-HISE VAo.T37. WilmingsthLonsurd e,lson coach-thonesen stanlgi tenmets rar, hweldfg-ors and uhnep airedtrmn abouate 60 yeas,nt afth hgrhi rent, Hlofw1prannmy lyb iwda manytioLD eprevi nustohelet.o Patlearse and codiinso 2sl3o tmsaindsvnd. s p1rayeieortoyter sal a oheActo Mat dthauc tiron. o qc.s, oinarick-ourt3, Gramay'str ofth actone 27, Ciswel-stretHollowary, sidriesex 31R . BAILEY will SELL by AUCTIONQ at Garra. way's, on Monday., Juno 21. at 12. inthe vlut,abl kREEIOLTD PESLTA HOUS aoprsngfedWeINE VAuLSe, sinowe na the Vlord Nlond wim-tha,ajonD thresaltenmts Wale Casteleg-puMcose, and shop adoiing loerentrac of £9h e Roylaunnaumolc, lietdon lease, for wil rmu an £123 obtained attero Pi edaBul, Holloway atn Great..'nd ofnGeorletuo liense ateen. impqove rolntifor. 32 texm fleuarlstre; andsof theDides auctionee l'lunstes, Ket, enm fagnlra way', onMondy. Tnne23. t II intwo ots,aaLaSleHOl ESTAE, cmprsingfiveilwilis.hotses sitateiii he iasroa Plused,adjinng seWalerCaslepuelihoue,and nehar ft thin exie Deiof5yersots,nvat low round Frenit,adunre t upnles atanimpr .ovdrnt thePremios2ears also 3to-thect Dividendsuarisla fUr,omf80 3rssl pd ter cnaAnutets, standnrnthe name, ofenaersntsiefma iofs hnightespefcutabiit, andimpaygablesduin thelf of maholady nowim eag 79.or, tiiuresooas, th. erasum , ofa£31 pn iiarto the bum es40 payablewoa theModeceaseof thebadychamPoery ofitins,dmsurac and 19 effctedn the(u sieo narch ifusefAsuraces Cmpay atclr ay be verdanctloushad at thin pitrs.2ufl-ae.ie; n Cann-tee,ciytadhfteauctioneer, 277.Ctrcrylae St D'\eigonTrset-s"a-omoe an ld Fu1rnaeHuhodFriture,.e R.EDWARD LUMLEY Will SELL by AUCI TION. on the Premisesl0. ParaMilt-on,Cuc-street.Do Set-suae. Tewinmorro. oFrd-June 20. at 12 f orIrl,orero the caiarHUE oLD prietor TOarE, ofw Brusselsanote carpets, hant rugs, fenders u ieios, sets of IrC irans, suitesg fcutaines, scrtimney booeases, Sobetso mahognny chairs.eas, at ofcharns, a' sofs,ewo.d pembngrooe, soaandt ibrr tablres, axen roewbam chbner wit iths marble top, aige sweet-toedm-caveottageadmplenofort byassutt;. also the be hambe fittings , domestic and kitchen requstsout. rie.adaiu fei.Sa eviewed, and catalogues had on the rmss n a r aVj premises:a dath auio offices3 , 67 . Chancery-lane. B.Tideral Zsen Sitok coNhousegtooablnug,m and futflwelt-mande Houshehol Furniture. M Br.nfEdWARDreh L oiseqY werteRilwELa y S ati C. iLI'Ny AUTon the tremieCs,tleInn Paraie-tfrow, Chuch-Treea ct, SoJnew24gto2 onclckriday Junee 20t, at 12fru byta ordery-ofith PRoElreorD wHOiSR le mavin Ebngland) Ctaesiueinthe'wl-aufcue FUN ITUroad cnan ineal new Bruossel ctarpets and rusfenders aneeod fire rosset kofn i Spanish mCaortagey cairso in mo Nwrod.con oatoaining sete rofmextnditr framnoue diningtables. atcretaire bokaFehlose, nolthinyglses,e mithrTw Pofutais, af rewold drawling Groun dom suite bingtaasfrot xelntaet cham bercfittings, nof blet5 sem-ged wardrobe, maoay aPaidefnde maprewoor glass, he., also thes Clarli fitngRsto,domesicandrkitchentfr requisites Ot. viewed, andrs catalgue hand Son, authoeepremisures,oand atM. E-refo Lu Ty' fimer,6. Chanlery-lanek N. Hmtn Thisddesirbe Imiea 1WESSRS. KING and SON are instruce tor SAELby byAUCTION, at the rCmc.astl InnT.Betod on Tuesdlay, Jnext., HOUSE hue-n a Ebeecer otaa, stuat nThE ES-oa,rconsiting-o ing ix oom, wih grde at ear a reeolds Honecis, knwnash Asurl Cotage, lso i the ew-rod. cotainig sev n ros wtheagreehoue an gadenat rar;a Frehod Huse,togthe Sith Tire lam ad o Mesrs. larkand uste. roicitrs.reator e and. at th offie ofMesss. Kng ad So, autioners,survyors he, Br .eu tsod Timber.Tangleyparl,Hampton Mi tois alexan 1~XESSRS ING and SN will ofers fo SALor-tecby Cbeshire, nea- Macclesfield atid Congleton. IXIU. FERGYSON bas received instructions to sub.LV.Imit to AUCTION, at the Lion and Svan Inn, at Congleton, on Thureday. the 3d day of July next, in several lots, TWO higbly desisable FREEHOLD FARM%S, called Crosvey and Lowe Fams. comprising above 312 acres of first-rate arable, meadow. pasire, and wood lands, situate at Buglawtun, near Congleton, and five miles from Macclesfield, including many highly desirable building sites immediately contiguous to the town of Congleton. The farms are occupied by very respectable tenants, at moderate rents. Printed particulars and conditions of sale wil be reasty for delivery 14 days prior to the day ofsale, and may be had of the auctioneer, at his *ffice, at Congleton of Mr. Leech, land surveyor. of Leek. Staffordshire; and the Lion and Swan Imn, Congletou :of Messrs. Wilson and Moorhouse, solicitors. Congleton; atnd of Messrs. Ranken, Ford, Longbourne, and Vickorman, of Gray's-inn. London. The valuable Free, Copy, and Lease-hold Estates of the late Wm. HurrelLs Faq.. at Foxton, Cambs. MESSRS. COCKETT and NASH have been favoured with iustructions from the Devisees under his Will to SELL by AUCTION, on Friday, Juno 27. at the Red Lion Hotel, Petty Cury, Cambridge, at 1 o'clock .-Lot 1. The substantial FREEHOLD FAMILY RESIDENCE, known as Foxton-house. as now in the occupation of the Rev. Professor Selwyn. with its requisite outbuildings, greenhouse, anid ornamentallyplnted grosinds; three excel-lent maltleg ottices wvith yards and tenements, as held by Messrs Taylor, containing 39a. 2r. lip. Lot 2. Tenements with pasture close, la. 2r. 21p. Lot 3. The Freehold Allotment of highly productive arableland, vith extensive frontagenext theCambridge turnpikeroad and interoected by the radroad. 17Sa. Lot 4. Allotment of Arable - Land in Sbepreth, 2r. 6p. Lot 5. Allotment planted with thriving timbers, la. Lot 6. WVelbore's Farmnhouse and homestall, nowv the residence of Sir. William Spark, with its gardens, orchard, and firstrate pasture, 18a. 2r. Lot7. Herod?s Farn, extending from the village steet to the Fontenire-road, with tenements, eonvenient farm, homestall. and an allotment of rich arable land. lIS. Or. 37p. Lots 8, 9, and 10. Tenements with gaMens. Lot 11. The Property comprised in the lease granted bythe Dean and Chapter of Ely. expiring 14th Jsme, 1S76, viz, the Rectorial Tithe Rentcharge of tbe'arisb, commuted at £53S 10s. perfAnnum, and 20 acre3 of arable and pasture land. The cetates are in the hands of highly responsible tearn ts, and the whole produces an annuial rantal of £1,30). It is sitsa:e midway between the capital corn-markets of Royston - ud Cambridgr, in a good sporting neighbourhood. It los extensive frontage iiext be :-igh road to London, and is vitbi, five minutes' valk of the rail ay station. These and its proximity to the university, offer wnunsl advantages either as a residential or business investment. Particuars, wvith plans of the prperty. may be had, on and after the Sth of June, at the Lion and BnUlFHotels Cambridge; the Guildhall Hotel, London; of Messrs. Thunall and Nash, solicitors, Royston ; and of Mlesrs. Cockett and N2ib. eetato tt t sil 11lsurTl'S, a BoWton 8nd Bfebi, Sale of Xurmiturm ke. kithenfuritue. o-eberithalltbeimpemeoste and dixturea of ab bake's hop Th va%bleleae, eld.dirct romthe city or Loaden. wit te godil ofa ake'strde,dong20 saiks a weekL wil be th ielt Catalgusof the auctionees LS, X-ogate-street. city. On view the day previus,adndomoing of le The Suirpri -e WViue Vaults. Oaverthasn-square. Ohle. H TEN'RY HAINES and SON will SEL yXC JLThIO, at ffravay's. on 31ondaye. June 2.a rcsl,b ordler ofteAdmnistrato of Jane E~. Wildeih eeae.ah SURPr.ISV W1INE- VAULTS. Casversharnsnr.Kn'-od and conoy. Te atent,,n f me of usiess is particularly called Important Sale of Leasehold Pstat-s TX[EPLY HA I NES andc SO0N -will S ELL by AU C- IV.TION. at Garrnway's, on Monday. Juno 23, at I precisely-, by order of the Executo-s, and without reserve, the following eligible PROPEItTIE. in lots :-,Ntns.73,78.I, andl 36, StL Jarmes's-place, -New. ernst, with garclens fro'et and rear. and internally ex0eelentlyr.rranged, being suitable forhighly rea-psectab!c families, three bare conch-hounse auol stabler heldI for 68 years at a groand rent amounting to £26 its. and lot to good annual tenants at £139: also an income of x,easdy £800. per annum. arismg noit of various wreekly properties 5in Dov er-road. Dock-head, ani C_am1aserTvell. Also an, inmrroved Grssind Rtent cf £13 Its, per annuim arising out of premises in Gravel-lane. louthwark. let tothe Southwark-bridg C.ompaLnv. May be viewed by leave of the respective tenantrs. anal partiiulars ohtisied of M*1 sacs. Beddome and Weir, solicitors, Nicholaslane, city ; of KJr. BEi-ass. City Arms, Hunterstreet, Kent-road: of Mr. Stevens. Star and. Garter. Green-street, Leicester-squaree, of Mr. George Homier. auctioneer. 12, Grosveno-x street west5 Eaton-square; an d at the auctionfeers oflices, 38, M,oorgate-street, clity, In liaakraptcy. JJ EN:RY HAILNES andl SON are instructed by the JLLAss-ignees ofJ5.J. Diaper, bankruipt, to SELLbyAIk7,CTI(IN. on the Prermises, the MNansell Armas Tavern,, near the railway station, Wimbltedon. on WVednesday,JnTne 23,r atl12precisely. ail theinew FUssNITUltE at,d FIXTURRS, Trade Utensils, andIS!,ock-in-Trade.being in good condition, and of excellent quality, Catalogues may he obtailned of J. R. Ilbidley. Esq.. solicitor. 19i. Greshato-street: of Miessrs. Hostler and Corsellis, solicitors, 20 Kin-'s Arrns-vard. Colemanstreet. city: of J. Niclholson. lisq., offcial assignee, .24. Basing-halstreet: on thepremises; and atthe auctioneerse office-s. 1. Mloorgatestreet, city. ilary be viewed the da,yprevious and morningif sale. First-rate Wine Vaults. Oxforsl-seroet. H NYHAUSES and SONT Nill. SELL byAUCHT"IOit. 7at C.arrawasZ, on, Monday.,June30. atl1, he BIRD-IN. HAND WINE-VAULT ', formuerly Fatrlsam's. 104. Oxto-d-stseet-, a first-rate situ stion. capable of being-made one of the best winea-valts in the metropolis; placed at the corner of Oxford-street and Great Chapel-street. bouniied in the rear by a densely populatestloadiiy, ned the front by oreof the iuain enitrits of London. The house iswsel-. bunilt .and cormfo,rtable. the trade larre- but only a per centage of what vilibe donie, Theeleaseislu,ng. andthererttriffing. Ful-l particulars and carla to view u-ill be issued by.Mr. George Hlaias, auctionear. 12, Grosvenor-street 'vest, L-ton-square ; anid at the auctioneer's offices, H8 . loorgate-st rest, city. T'avern. in the northern suburb. T"ENRY HAIINES and SON are diepiited to SELL 1±J by public AUCTION, at Garrasesi's. on Monday, Julne 30. at I, the LPkSE and G00ODWILL in TRADE of the ST. JOHINs TAVERN. St. .lobn'f-park-road, near It-. J-s,D'sn~ Church. Upper 3i iiloway, The various advantages of the abave are shortly these:-5 As a buildiegg it istse Ornae,'nst to the neligbourhood.; the interior arrangement is excellent, send the situationi bidisfalrto commands teadeworthyv of tle strotuTe, N-o expenseblesbeets spayed to makethisproporty all that could1 be desired. 'When the necighbouirhood is complete the house will form aLn angle at the junction of dyre miain reads, one of wvhich will be the main rood to Rihghgut-,. avoiding Hichgate-hill, and will pots by the aide of the house. Buildlings are growin rapily round, andl 1CR) houses will shortly smrrnund it, of whirls a great snumber are already erected. To enable the purelirser to enjoy salthese advantages, the lease will h.,ve 99 years, at the ground rent of £30 per annm.m l5suc thee particulars and cards to vielw 3nip le ol,tained of Mr. TheobaLld. solicitor. Farnival's-tun. Holborn; '.f Mr. George H1ines. auctioseer. lit, Grosvenor-street west, Eaton-square; andI at the auctioners offices, 35, MoGorgateo-strest, city. Bree'kuocli Arums Camdeni-towvn YTENRY HZAINES and SO-N are inestructed by the JLi Prop-rietor to submit to public AUCTION,. at Garraway's, on Monay..loy 7 at1 peciely th hialeimportatit cud vlal PROPRTY Icown s th liecknek rmsTavern. Wine-vaults, and leasre ro'ms. ±seeen-tsrr andIlni Thve-raversln tand Theapremisesdare plac ed onai atseminence, comandourg extenaive vwels, andtormsting aent atractived fobjc n eetiefo the road,pli shd surrlioundieg parta. Tedt televatonsnt strutryftiebi,n arc tasefly and el supstanteia, Itcovr afo( lare spae o gonddisa eicllnt bowlin-green, wetstll fuir-hert pleasurigrdns pn olanerbdwith farinegres Tnobebllipard. aei rooms,extroivenb tiveblng adplevery umeas wihiuisel to iciners it atraetive an ato exteit ah continuanc of tthemeketenive pat oag shrtdstance fonmtb thi es publiben. The taveorn an wine-vaults ore 'sacious wit romat o large oonr ca rsade.cTh dinner atrctraned, mdr itsetedsv retabi and hls alehe i andlt winsandsir.itb est ores Itinently r~emoveda fromte road. aordingl ao fuitetrdraw-up thenigulabourhoods att waphed to lthe proerly,of whlihes, futornfa enre,2 snO'etabltrand well. potated qate to atfGard thesplenild ratusi treade tit now posie-se-, but sorgtillfrethe, maniont ndohryuidns St. erming_ Tufeeli-prk.ar in trogess,iit 0 whiich hngcompletsued.ior causey anices:secead2rs of trdetoa at-rxtet Thren sltnd Pasttlegood return MIILAD a teMat on mFrtiydndinr, ie, .an , opne 27up ate strucithrevand coitsiec a exteniecabulns aire iond na ctolte epar cherh prfectlyr sprtvade are iouarly tn,tf er annum. eThe ropterlywn is hrelon leapted for nsas rf-~i yearl mat a mertrenniatl rnttal. For fstrhrry artiolrsand othtdt mr!pv-iew appltis Mr.Georged Thies.iauctionser, 12, Gmrkabvenor-tree, treat, Eaton-sur: tGrrwys and a tmdnl spLe ithe ascrSt.I Not's wan-y,d ytnst c-y minef the rasinty ofstutingose, surerhord FAmily egbusidetn2c ndp2arses rofr ilso first-rate G arden a l astar LnIanother Wof MEDLAr D, azteij tsmahrt on. 2riday. ,Juned27, a 12 for I, oinMr two lotso, te:cos ad,th ~,t o AT]y the Greate.-orthrRalway,ansup riordFhading fromiden wiVsth every onviec and ex!-ent a t ivei (lends neart treold chuch perfctl prvat. aihouh ntaste n th s7nir ofthe town isee-el markbly ee ty. soltdraied, ssd launaniy spledr with. Springay andipofLt water,~ Flitaintesue minte frotmtie5 Naorysthamtion. Freehold,, and a1notherdonaSture calntainin Farm,'coneranln. 1r4f-p. hOunde bypo rvgertypoductr. Joa rnbst- n. patherectr lands, tcuedb ntateaobClnelDu rembponste Gteats Norutherin taiwae and road Tleading fromt St, Nort's toviPotton, andl St Not's to iglT_wade. P.r rehl lds'1,and all atih free Ka-nsbontrily juinset 2et', end ise dstewnt or p-arch othrs with lihgaphr lceay bederimjuo bat theas prior toft soictR, n o HeAucTi-oneeral oFA St. tNeobgs.cni 3Insortfatmt Landt ETates, minth catIhountes hofnor~eeauso. Bn 4edfor, and o excelntgadon-Sxd valuable Farms, containing 3SS4a. 3r. 17p. oll vreryol arodchiveaaind pastdenure Latnd. rockupendabyre Fecarmse cad woreth Catorthagaion. ndgtosv.B copising two DLAND.use atd thoe Mtarsut, fivndon,tati fors. ond Friday,June& of , ieln thrbe follorn por such other lontsas mgJ1ay be 1P l ftrr.ieehuond aot the time lofe ofe aitsom Past=d Land 2 enclsreat feCallentb arbontassdn Mas2re land, conetoainintKath tr. See. axli reodadlu a eemd o . TheSt,Fz,nalmotncm--~n. Manora farm,hat Ti_thome,wthc_apita hourtgse. honaed nd 24 ec?,urIe-sn Great datwrt an Caigtn omrrisingth atwo ood,in4 lots.e n oe stEads Ftarfise ctages ari 4otcuro Laudedo excvesetaeabse a ondpsWma lau, contarinig l- ard rispo, all freeholdtiLthere. Sixd Cloestof aetleemaswthreLot at igreatcaltw,oet. cotingfa2rIp.fercaeptitalTarm-ousbe,comestead,ojur-cti~e "taes, fodrieen-rclures o buth slneingcO.oertainzse paln' Sahornfehl. h h5 tefrging esats Lr -wellsat fSIM makttwn fIusaig don, St. Neot's, ot. Frees. Jsrpione efr,adrnbstn PrAinte coparticsiars with igthographi pln,my ehdo Mes sitartrioanr, bengso.5 Derrer.slictors.4.Luol'-n-eh odn Mr.charles n Day.e Cheisalestn erSemodo fM.Ge. Day.b Mr.ecuar h premuzel Day,arwa' and ther lurel auctioneer, ak o.S. eo's H n Wado lhre broo dciy. -. Julyt2 the for haeinothse afernoon,in 4S laois. ge RPelgt -FagrCttse. and Gr oud ftherL dd nvalesotm ents con-u Wranle 3NIUtrRELL.so wrisoall fSELhL btihyreAUCTIONlandlo rihetaisraicts qonf terusty.soJiies,tlclebrateforlthe xtrordecinare qur'aliyoftee sOil, with-ilalfe omioleofBat-en.TAES i Waniet, Splarse and vkllerble Printed particulars, with lithe-ogderaphic p elns, mayb had14chas rir t tse al o Mes's. tone. Birh. Ingerae. and Neet's. Hunts. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ I-0. t ]~JR.MURRELLwill SELLLbybArdTION,t at Yb, o Friny. une 0, a R12,atLe:aSEHOLDa situaton, beiong-No.u1.lenmr-reet, aslngteeol, nEsarthes Livrpooh. roadeldr uon h leas foran unexinvedstmerm of 63e yigeas,t ca grun rest o £6SErL byum A TheOremse ar'eonrhand, anFrday will Ijbe p vacuante Fnut fEr the sate. PAyT beAviEwe LD. ParticulaSEhad o.nth prases7: Watbak Ga,rrayns:andhueaigafotg of 5r urel,actoeer,h. on Wahbook, dIg- o i, af the puee.toehr-rcthasexe-m ney ma premassin onhmoretgae disingased-FsrCtae a ndabro Ground.o thehoe ocalueo £62 puiersanum 1f11- Garraware'us. onFrday. Juesnte20at o2 n onae sto by oatrderpon.te Morletgnagee,tFOUR well-builbtfcomfortabl xenCtTG , widthe adlarge taude valabe iplorta of Grsond,io in the Grovmrod,inarthe Redillt andt Biate Satdpion.ipaf thervaltue ofta£l2spernntm the hrousefs carelet. raespetabl yrdearly tenants aend tae atosml mybadntgeoul lrest sceosudcen TL proert ma beviewd. artculrs bed o atess. City f Lonlnu.-aluabo Frehotd nd Lestehold Esates.f in Sthe cente ofthe ity foring n inest ento the hBgher cfElass. isehonoured with abstuctin7 tceso byACTInd, at thel Maromt, onFriay. July IS_he eastrid ofthestret,togeherwit th exensve ireemises in thmere walffam cro3 Sa on. The-resi'den ce, vvli!cb is of Pleassing elevation, seated on rising- grounl, sheltered fr,sm the north and north-est, affords ample acoomn= atition for a gentlemran's establishment, with &nacions offices, stablin-, farm-yard and out-buisdings, pardener's cottage, greenhouses charming pleasure rou.md, a.md park-like land 'oping to the ri.er lea, the whole being saout 37 anres, freehold, lind-tax redeemed, and tithe free. Immediate poss-ezsson could be had, and to a gentlemanpossessing the taste to aTprci-ct-st the perfectretirement which the situation affords this -woul to fonmd one of the most enjoyable residences within an hours ride of town. Orders to sle vr.y be obtained. and particulas, will shortl be issued from Mr, St. Quintin's offies3, S0. Royal Exchange. Southgate, Middlesex, nar the Cohney-t4atch RaIw.ay S'ationr-To P;umbers, Painters, and others. h.,rR. BRAY, Jun., will SELL, on the Premises, 3s L above, To-mnorro... June 19. at 12. t2e STOCK-in-TRADE, comprisio sheet lead, lead piper, old. lead, bras=s work, oilsand colours, a three-rn'tion beer-engine. 5i9 iereesprarbrancjingo.ttepsandladdr-s. a slanhope, twvocarts, afewv Iot; of leouselieldfurniture .andflxturee, including av wll-made door filled-up in imit'at.ion of books3. Mlay be viewed the day prior, an.d catnlognes hai on the premises and of t}e auctioneer. lii:, Iirig's-mrl,d Bedford-row,. In Essex-Very valuable and desiraWb Freehold and Conghold Estates. satuate in the parishes of 'Tlaxted, Arkerden, Elmdon. Claverng, andl lancley, near the market town of Saffr.n Waldes, comprising 450a. 3r. Sp. of excellent as.-ble and grass land, 1,ESSRS. NOCKOLDS and KING will SELL st by AUCTION,. -withort reserve, at the Rose and Cuswn Inn. Saffron Walden, on Saturday, July5. at4 theaftermoo,. infave lots as folintes:-Lot 1. A most desirahble FREEHOLD PROPEREY ealled Pigott-s. situate on Bardfield-u-nlgreen. near the town Of Tbaxted.cmntaining 6it.3s.26p.,inthe o_l pationof Mlissjsrahlao-tkey Let 2. A very valuable freehold and titre-free etate, knnown as the -ParsonageFarm, at Arkerden, contraining ISi4. Ir. 1Sp. imostdesirably situate near the church, andwithin three miles of the Andley-end StitiOn, on the Eastern Counties Line of Railway. in the octupation of Mr. Allen Hurrell. Lot 3. A compact estate (part freehold and Part copyhold), called White Friars, situate in the parish of Elmdon. and ad;oining the road toLangley, tenure of r.John .Vottage,conteiaisg 60?a 3r. JZp. Lot 4. A very tesirable copyhold estat., called Butt or sird-green, in the parishes of Lancgley and C!lasering, containing 149.^2r.lp,,in the occupation of lL-.JohuCiarke otS . Ditto,adjoiring lot 4, situate in the Parish of Langley, a short distance from the Church,in tenre of the Exec.torso the late IMr. Chas. Stocl contlaOining 63a. 3r. ?9p. Patilar, with lithographic plans. mDnybhe had 10dys previous tothg c,ah, tupon egpic^atison at the Swvan Inn, I:bsaxned: Fox and Hrounds, Clarsering: Wishies' Arms, E!mdon ; Geor, e5 Bishopfs Slortford; Sorace^ns Rleed. Dtcnmo v: Red lion, Cambr,dge; of the 6esermi tenrapnt; also^ of Mteser. VValford solicitore, 27. liolton-atreet, Picdilly, London; and of M1essrs. gockiodr an SIKa, land agenta, ic,, 011roc Walden DEteAr Ihts 3ay.-Haminrmonth.-N~ea;rlypNsw Furniture, by order of t7.e Administrator of the late Mrs. S. IAwraamm M1R. EDWVNFXillSbL y AUCTION on the Prcroiooi, 3. Mon - e Hanmerantfh, THIS 3 Y IS. et 2,capital HOTT=6 0 itE, new within tl latthe month,Maybe viewed, and rortzilogees3 had. On Vew.To treers and othems-Tae lhtting3, and Effects of the Star Brewrery, Eanl'a.oonr-, Oldl Bromapton. 1JREDWIN FOX (havin,le the premises) wiil i,SELLby AlycpjoN themen, io-morrow, June 19, at 12, ilia UTE-d.L,S of T11-ADAE in cectrs condtion: oornpcrlssctbe usual appenldages. to a Moderate conernm and !ncluding fermenting rancid furniace tilers Tizard's mas;hIng aitteePerator, two copper refrig,eratars, mnelt mill.L casks. ctoord,vts nlers, draas, bsramett, sn. Mlay ba viewed and eat.Vogues ljai vt, Stok Ne ngcn-Terise, &c.-My onler or the Afa,inisarhtoes of agsrrt,learcim deceased. ~IJV. EWIN OX ein ELLby AUICTIONT, one therreise, N. 2. Prisracst Pie N ewilirtan. on Tniesday, Jun 2- at12,nea an moernHOISStOID PUILNIpIURE, cozsipriingth rc,uoit apenags fr Im edchambers, dining and rinaing oomappontcents cotagepianfote, beoise, engravinri, acili miacelaris. lla; e vieed te da prir andmornng a ml,; an-I, rAtaloncs ha an th preinee; an at Mr EdwinFois'soffices, 411, ResDavon.deirrased.-For absolute Saile-Vahlunhe FReehold 1rruc-Lrty In Shi-reiitab. almio-t equivalent to ground rentls. fR. ED "'IN FOX is instructed to SELL by AUCTI..TION. at thcMcrrt.onnFiVaynext .lnne2O.at 12, intwolots, a very valuable FREEHOLD ESTATE. cesuciribing ftour romTcamosios houses, with shopsatnd extensive premies siuaend being Nz\o& Ill. 135. 127, and 1ii, Curtain-road, liboreLtzbah let to respectibla Seatrly tenants at nominal rentals, amnountinir toa Lul3 per arc,um. in eon-ilsderation of their lar-e outlay. but who, to secure leases. will recslilo' piay greatly innea.- -rents, The location ofthis property inthe hear of the positioa where commaodious iremiaiw are to mirth roiught aiftr r by the cAbinet trades and thle facilities w lickh the extent of the area it cocuies affords for building wrorlcehc-p &c., renders it particuslarly vauble asan inr-estmes. the rental tieing sas abanlately ceea o freehold ground reuts. The premnises may be viewed, at d partectclar3 bad ef 10esses. Ware and WVare, solicitors. 213, KingFlaml.rourd; of Me.srs,s Devourhire and WaMliger, soliritsrs, St, 04.1 JeuTry ofM. ea Deaborousch aud Co., so',icitors, t~ Site-laiis: of Mr. 'Wrm. Itorcoc, solicitor. King-ttreet, iM--bury; of Mr. F. Itroughton. colicitow, 4. Falcon-,square : at tage Mart; and at Eir. Edwin Fox's ofliers, 41, Colemnan-strect, Biaa,r. By order of the lductgabege.-First-rate Uvsreanent, in capt,itl ieekly Property. ~j hEDWIN FOX .,Il $ELL by AUCTMIO, at Lt 4h atonFridaky next,,uno 20.at t2, in onie lotTWr',NB ib starntially-bIlPt TiOUSE;. situsie and being No,, 21, 22, and. 23. Horace tireit. Nose. 1 to O. Ne,, WVellin;tc'n.terirace. and Nba 22,23, a%d 24, Walker-street, Wa, d-nasri-road- a, very improving 1c,s' ic,is let to a, respectable class of weekl,, tetiants,at rents amnountinz to £215 a yenr. May be viewed, andL partictilars batl on otto premises .of 'Messrs. Iclls. Phillirps, and r'o.. solsitubr3. 12. Cltuneceti aore: at thle Mast; sad,' at 17r. Edlwin Fox's offices. 41. Colrucan-rtreet. Rink. Fre,h.llts. rtGras:esand. JR.EDWYIN FOX is instructed to SELL by AUCATION, at the 'Mart, on Frldav roxtc, Jnne 210th. akt ic-i. in two lute, TWVO coaveniiert FREEHOLD ItESU)DNCES. sitra~ti and beingclWos, 64 end 63. Winslmili-stkeet, (tr,vezend. 'No. 65 is let to a respoinsib)le tenan,t at XZ30 per annumn, and Na. 61, whichi is of tie Fame value, is ready for immrediate occapancy. May be vieweJ, and p,articular-s had or the premiises; of W. 1, H1anley. Eeqq., solicit-or, 31, Wileonst reet, Finsbuny;. at the Mfart; and at lVr. Edwin Fox's oflices, 41, Colemara-strect, Easik. in Baalcrnptcy.-Edgecears-roadi-Leae-ebrdllesiderrce for Occupa.tion or investment, 1Y/E. 'ElDWIN FOX is direc ted bv thle Aitsignees of 3W.11radhes and Sont to SELL by AEIOTIO'J. at ths Mat, -it Friday rcvr.june tO. at 1.o su pacious and eoirrenientblick-ouittItieIIENC, cotainig 12moat, andagreablysituate, be-lac -No. 17t, Prosect-Ine,, Ecgawae-rod, nar M Idshl. let to a yearly lenautt at £0 pr aonum an hed ata lw rnt.may hea riewesl. and Pr ticlar hal n te pencse: o Mesrs Elis Phllis,and Co..slclar. ft. tieccntaaue atthe art andat r.ldwinloxs offers, MandeyCoan-ed Sideh:oarI, repre;etLing the Anrlo-Prncuh anl Turksh llince,nuilusin dlesilgn, elcilesae lIt exerictionl, acid uneqttatle,d ia a' ste.,n of tire art ctf wr-td-cc-eing : also vatious oticerspecimnensfar wtich t1he Society of Arts atnd theMmibanktL-r Society re~rn t,irdiy awarred their gol and sildt-lver medal,. RE DWIN FOX is directed to SELL by AUCYI TLONP, at Rnlhinsol)s Rooms. 21. (til ltond-street. oni Saturday, Junne23 at;12.-Talnuble SPECIMJEN'S of V. 00D-CAICVLNG. emhu.o jug- a `ss.,utif sc- sideloard of soid oasic 9 fret in length, with c.alvaiaanelis of lime ties, comprehending thetzn.ivno Wthe allies. cr-ucstihiii medallio)ns of the SoverAgnz. portrai ts c-f their most cletintenisliet, gpnierals, ttpreseutat-tions of the army and Lzavy, and fonely at-sougit allegoric,al and cambteajatical devices., As a specinmen of wroodx-carving it is pelnsnosux-r u-neoualled. while as a - arc of art,ita ehla,,rate execit. lion., btst of desaiga. and1 c5rrertasess o- detail. reud,r it perfeelly unitlue. Tie otho!r'carvtrrgs aro 22 In t:ctrlier. and includ(e thea Battle of Waterloo ; Baltt> of the Bsidge, iff-cr RUIt1est; Battle o fithe at the place of sale privately, by orders only. tin the 2,t't!L andI publicly on the t7tlo andt morninic of tale, and caalsigtres hnd at the rooms; and at lutz. Edo-in Fox's onilea. 41. Colerncan-ttreet, 11ank. In She ru'aitv at Yorkc-,-Fnall Freehold !~arlns sildvabtableCoal Fbil 1, fF.EDWIN rFOX is direct,ed by the survivinr-Tr-esI.T.pt f sad 1Executor of the l ate Blo .tis-th~: 1, fo F,EL L by Ab&rTo I,, at the Tsloot Trn, llrcdf,ccd on Thursday. Jluue 26, at4for tint... TWO valIuabloe FFEE EHTGLD FR S. Ei tsate :utbe parish of rdlrardros. tartar- sip of IThorcit,s, andcosniryof York. ci:"ierirtg resipectircly 131 aecrs, and Nal. Br. 2p.. 'with dwelling-house an-d b0uiligs, cailed Bilacic Cnirr Farm laihich has a coal-fieldof five acres5, and Whltihall Farns. Perticuiiers maiy tie Ihadiofleasis, Hughes. Rcarrey. AllisFtrwrOa, aned flugbehe.solieitoss, 1.Tuttrsay tic lc fsle n tSr Edwin Fox's offeen, li, Chlmcnan-stret. flan'k. Ia Chancery.-- Beez*n v-. FpaLskes.``i'-,riaab1c Frepboild Fitm3t, at Hems,. Kent. and t Pli, of Flveechold Land, at Hemse bay. -%I-R. ED VVIN. FoJX is instruectetr to prepare fotitv_ SI:ALE hr, AIUCTION, ein an east; eav, TWIO b ighly tlati FREEEhOLD FAB2-tt, desigciated Lovs-trevt and Green-bll:, cit-irte in the parish of Heras-. in the county of Res0t, and containing atiout I1O acres of ricliaralbli- sad pasture lac,d, wills horneatcrds. cAtttgca, kc. ; also Foir Plots of Ifreehold Carden (Ira-nrtd. at Herne-l-ay. Dft-ailed aivertisemeata will appear,and p'rti-iurlsrni trio; ob~ta.,ineg ir dne time of lit0er-s.0,0oCnrand Hoslgson. sollicitors, 3 Vcru!amln-v.i1l_ing-s. C,ra7'c-hiem a~ .';e BUrrz; the inns in the Vicinity; adntl Mb,r. Edewma F-x's aflices. !., s'i;erea-a-oreet. Bank-. Norfolkn-The Dlhllingioni 11.ei Estate-, East. Derehano, cocr.risa aI , delightful enaideuicoacid odies. surrroui(eabuy 3l2 acres of line2srcti and Paissle.Land. Orn-,mental El aitations,, Sze. 31 ESSRS. BUTCHERP are favoured wvith ilOitFtuC- hi, tions frsni the Exoculrm of the tate David 1mzg, F-sq., to, submiit to SA-LE by AUCTION, i-n one lot, at tice fing's Arms; Hotel. East Derebaus. or. Tiorrody. Jcflv 3 at 4 O'clock in tclcafeenoon. a raluahblt anld tru?y eiigible liESI PINTIlIY rIIOPERTY, charlCinglY siftuate at Dihlccgton and Easit DerLhans, in Korfolir, wvithin two milles of thle town and railway station. conctiyising a rap-.t,il Iing ran enirance'hill, tTasious einiing o-c and drawilitz room., eltraly six farmily bed reams, Eraseta rorut. thre- servant'rrooMS, three attics, good kitches, and dainwaca sticea, andl ear-et:evtine sad bee, sellarswith tastefuly dispoFed gardens. shruSe-y, srind pclenesire cromids, it which are a cour-er,atory and1 rasilc SManncr-hsrise, caPital s-tebling acidl coach-hottsee &e., anunernu-s nperior tcgcaultural titildlings, three doalble colgs n arriers, anDLvaI usr-vein-i enclosuires of highly productire arablli and Pascurs land, lying in a ring ferce., imuleriately ar-ruad tie prrmf se3, and anigely intetrspErsed with va-a Irsirtle .cirrm and1 nmr,smci,il plantations, the whole contalirig liy surveyila jII r, 4p.. uriw in 'he octupatiln s.I M;r. Lo,r-, who, will gi,e Posselrsian of the calme -5t miehnaolmcs nt. Tire residTence is 0ccr. fully zitue"e, wlith truth aspiect-, fronting rhce hingI! rootd to i* an within a mite ardi a h::C i.f the ma,rket -trwn of Ea~st Derceliam an!d ci the Ester CoutiesBali ay, nd in isricl picturesctict andl de:irableueigihouitntsl narlsporing ay te bt,Idat-dif reoriiresi, lih cast an piulsteu ripis icsestte ittrin n(uuicmbl, Prerpives for game thre s alo npro wel strk-d wth lieu. and callittltfront Ilctin ma b h-d i as ascst ereta.FarIcrticilru and cowtli- Norflolki-3S7 acres of first-ratt Arable an~ old r-tarts Land, at U i-orll. (Outerell, and WVelne'Y r,' th-in six nmilesocf Wisbeachi tiLd Dov-nbrn Market:- all frecetalil. 1k_fESSIRS. BUTCIHER ore honouredl avitlo insatrricIVAties fom . W Tents, feet-c SELL by AUC0TION,-atthk, FiveBe'lls. UipwErel, art1Wednesday, jiu: 9.-t 12 at noon. in 3 1.,lts, viz. :-Iu LtUpwell.-Twecliy-oiie lot-i, cozn-istiug of a good Farm-hociso anid Prcinigee occupiedI by 7-fr. Charles WYest; a Cottate occupied l.y Jatnes Trower; anjd variocnenclosu-r-esof mt-a.riar- arable ard r.eli Cut gras's land, containing t=sethter 2t2. Cr- .i.,eheis by Mfe-evr. Wc1rt, Penanr-itin.s Bur-r:sFI Wiles, Hopkins. Fecrry. 11lracins, HIll, Mucrfilt, EUk,n Cousins, and Mlar, in Outereli -,1 hir,teco In,ts. cousprsin tsr-a Fnrru-houces wih requisite out-huildirige 1 ecunpied hr M1r. Wvilliam Mays end" Mr. (leirge Ekin : a Corttage occeptedby, WI tcn Harvey: ail' sfaiyeceue fhgl tceicieaal ui ine .Uls palSture lauld. co-cinitg, together 13;4 r Ic 37p.. in ike Ecr-era, ocr-spa. lios f tlse-, E , a, and Hawklins lItWeirley.-.One lot, cooSirieigo twonlecesaC czipitat marsh lnn'l with abjnltad;ohirr g-,cn taining togeth;er 4,.3r Ic, p . in the oecrcl.7.tinus ofMers ATss7Z3cminintl(on and ame, ad i hicod Th ubre oreareall freelcolil. and 3iossi-s sionwil be ive atidiccoemasnext li-rrptiveparticuslurs, witht p Ins t ta ~e~eal ot. aay horly ie htined at MessErs. Fladgaic-, Teeterto_N', Nrfo1k, withinu two minles of a railway station and if tlce market taser of Fak1enherai,-Vahciabte Fre-ehold Estate. coixriecci- a Manor. Advowason. =Aso-uperior flr-s;dcl,cc, njire,aid Fams-,~ building7s, sirrounded by 676 acres ef ±rst-rate Ar.cble, 1'setucre, aurl Woo (X 1nzd. ~IjE-SSS. BUT0CHER ba.ve the honouir to nannoince AvE . to eapitalilstandl oticrrstbeyrrre con rn'sronldoarsltebmit toriblsil COM3PETITION, at the Ronyal Hotel, Noc_auh, on Feuds;.-Titly 21, at,in the afternostn. till that important and hirhly desirsl,lePtRll'EPTY, known as tne TestEerton Estate, long tics rrs:eaen ot Philnip M1allet t Case. Eeq,- decased, conrial0ing of a capital , fam ly uauio , ebstaut-ialy erected, end po,ssessig revery requireent icfr a g'entlemrnnns c&tiebli-shment; wi'th ercelhcet Ialert-in gar,de-, etmibling. and offlies, superior welI-asrangest ricutural buildinitgs -isctae n rwrt cal Pclanitations, and wood land, in the ozau,ipatjon ofMr Thomas Henry Case, a rd-rehloam agricuilturiet end TEelpunib!,, tenart, under a1 lease fnr a tk-mi of 11 years, from M-i=enenar, lOl4, at tire rent oft £1,103 per annum,. The above'valusile estate lefreeliold. ,r,1 singuilarly eligible for residence or investase;t: cit tIfes it a ring fence, and csmpricst the italice parish of Tesistgi,n fabn!4t615 Acrel,_) coyred,i by a sistall rent-charge for ItCtbs. and rae=-anI ironm poor-r-ates, and a small per-olan in the parch- a of Colkir7; rind C,r-et ttybur,lb. The mtanstin- is delighCtfulls- nzaited, with the I-ictas--eenincrin of Testertciit vwods and plantaitionir of Sennacie, M ellon COnsini-le, and ''Turs-ferd: and the recter-c wviucir is a cinecure, tar sc-'!,a, ns to tim estate, tire in. ccrmbentrewi,ieingayaysc3sty,Eluof£I3s.s4J,.iriilicusof tithies; eleci theremar-, or-reputed nianor. of Testerton, The yr-opely is mcr-i renveoleerlyhomed, in o ercellerit eiyt.becrrioodl. wilbll tiro miles of he ailay tc-ros a Ryurgc ad tc-capsital mnarket toom of Falcsilam,a ccritiveparicuarsari roditious of fale iwlies. precaredlmaybe edaf ferci,Fidgae. nsng.and Jackson-, solicitors Essn-stcriLoston: esss. Cor--winand Co.. avi id .Ms,ra. ,Taris nd on.rolritas. ings Lan:Messrs. Attarood andj Norwich, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Ethe,autones Furniture, comPrising ao execellent Piccato Plianoforte, wvith other Eltects, XR. ELL IS is direct ted to SELL by AUCTIONI, at LLL 201, -Kaachreter-hsiu'l,ing, Westrminster, close to t:cc 'Bridge, To-mrrow Juce 1, a 1?,FUPNITtI:Ecousisting c-f mtalcogany drachuganddinng oomwries,captalfeaherbeds, malhogany. Arabin, ad ioir-jtct edstads.macOe-ta was-sitandr, witl expensve fttise, cimne glases f Caes dmeint,. beantiftil ornamens. hic sa gasscerice, nd he csn,trequisites forthe chantber nd itcen, iPs bevieed dy cestdin anid moraing of cain. Cataogue hadon te po-mies, nd ath oflicess of the auctioneer., Remaining Furniture, nearly new Beer Engine, Wearing Apparel, and other Elfecie, 7kfR. ELLIS is directed to SELL by AUCTIO.N, at comprisingeacisrltJfe<ather hess, tollrV r-,d ch:mney glasses, sEt/S cit chairs, ma'hogany dining and pebrok;e tz,.ler, Bruoselc arpetis gas:d pianoforte, few Cngrarelng-, ges chandelEer, caunitern ad sh,p fIttings. Maybe viewed mornin ofr sale. Catalo,^s hand on the premises, aSid at the oilices of the auetionreer. liDi, M ino , city. Brewery Property and Land, in Norfeilk and Sudfolk.-Tlhe Beehivo Brewery and Malting, in D,cz. with P.A-l-lho.es in Diss. lushaE, Wither-dale, and Pettaugal ; and two rsrsms: ail near Ststions cm the Eastern Union rlails-ay. It. B. RIX is instructed by the Exectitors of tle9 inL late Mr. George Waters to SELL by AUCTION, at the Beehive, in Diz. on olenday. Jane 23. at 4 for 5 punctually. in hots, ilie BEEHIVE BREWERY nCud MALTING, at Duis, vwith lome capper, a camplete 5-qr. plant, 31e, barley, and malt s-ore3 atalcllog, loft.s, miatster's cottage, te.; the Beohi-e, and a Private dcweling honEe adjoininz, bowling green. ki-tehe, garden, and lar-e vrz-havd at Dfiss, in the oxnpation of Mr. Henry Ciuthbcrt, for Alr limex;-red term of three years, at an aggregate resnt of £11°. Ales, in lot-, with posesion at litsheel. nnas, the Half ltoon. at rts ,hall. with a srmal conmllpet fannetead are, about1dre screr of lniud. the Cross, at WVitiercidale, with outbillldings and paddnek; the Bull, a' Psttargb, writu c ut'..m:oings and land. ALo, in lets. tawo Farms, with dowet.kg-houie-e and rsgriculttral buildngs, ocreelpied lor au unexpidred term of three vest, at rentals amniulting to £123 per annum,. Fartiiclars and condlti.-as of sae, with plans, maoy be obtaired of bfr. Bro're. solicitor, D.-; Messrs. Hfarrison anl Scarborou-hb solii0rt, 6, Bi.snasbury-ru-nce: and at the offlicesri Mr. B. Bc l,ad and t reircry ageat, 11, R,-al Exchange Lonlon and at Ipswich' Snffo'..n~rea-ailtt nod gentaleanly Residence, offe!ring the combine-I advantages of eu-r ibeaDty ad Eeclusefon. imsraediatle-'rtlgrtuity to a pOpu11ots town, and direct railway comm-' i.rl:n wvith tiemetropo is and the fwshio3abire watering-places on the eastern coast. uRH. B. RLX is instrlucted by the Executots to SELL b Al by -TUC'IO\, early in uly, at th e K!n:ulgs FIear, Irecxlsti, tlce tJ1NkIONY. lately occu-lod by John flay. -J., decease4, wits lav-n and plerea ground, shEt-red bya chnice variety of ornC-ienOt trees in full and luxuriant_ Fwth, rince and crnserrvtoey, vegetable g-aden. serened hr a as-Il,lo i egi by a r-ouslon of fint trees, copInte appoi;ntments of domcesc otltlce, st-le, roach-house, ga-dens, eottagce and paddock. as-rilucerne ground: *.-P-o, in separate lots. T-ts s-eat Residenes. l end aD;iece: of aecomnmo grn -lands in Becsea Pnrt:r,ulars and conditions oS sale, ith views :--d plas, maybe obtaincd Blromley, 1, South-squarie, C-crls-inn; s-- :c.-I the cofesecs o Adrid ;fe flits, ,land and brewrery ag,ent, 11, Royal EchaPnge, London, salt aS IPDwgchA
