DEATHS. On Wednesday, the 4th inst., at Paris, the Right Hon. Mfaria Teresa, Countess-Dowager of Shrewsbury. On the °th of January. at Ballarat. Austratia, the Rev. 'harles Nash. perpetlal curate, late governor and founder of the Original Refornnatory for Adult Male Crimnmals, 9, Great Smith-street, Westminster. On the 14th of April, at Hynee Tal. John Mturry 31urray, Esq., Lieut. 6th Rrgt. Light Cavalry, L D.C. to His Hlonoir the trent.- G(overrLorof the N.W. Provinces. Bengal. and eldest sOn ol the late Adonphus Cultit Murray, Tslq., and Lqady Murray of Arleley Bury, Herts, of malgnant smallpox aged .2. His early and preaure death in deeply and deservedly deplored and rerertted by his man Gr.ends. as wtell as by his ster ted and incusolable mother, for he waS a young m an of the highest prOmise, singu1afarly talented, and gifted in all reseects,anduniversailyblelved and e-steemed by all wvho knew him. OnLthuyae, ageh n5t. il Wilson, Esq., of 35, Great Et. H£elen's and ;On tOhe 28th alt., at Southsea Sfadsline Dunbar, relict of the late On the3lst ult.. at West-hill. St. Leonard's-on-Sea, Fredriek Jotn Brown, Fzq., son of the late Rev. r. Brown, of the same place. On Saturday, the 31st unt., at Gressenhall. East Dereham. ag-ed 8L Anna Penelope, thevwife of Thomas E£sstings. only daughter of the late Rev. Benjamin Croft , and granddaughter of the late Rev. Beniamin Crofts, for 52 years rector of Gressenhall. On the 6th inst., at Westerland. neir TotneF.s Devon, in his 67th year, M1r. Thomas Ponsford, late of Westbourne-terrace, Hyde-parkgardens On the 6th ins't. at Bury St. Edmnnd', in her 852 year. irso. Poole, mother of Mrs. John Poole, of Avenue House, Upper Clapton. On the 7th inst., at Kew. Cath. Cros Wilson, wife of Mr. J. Wilson, 19, Charles-street, Berners-street. On the 7gth inst., at Sonthamapton, Michael William Barnes, Tsq., laite of Relgate, Surrey. On the 7th inst, Thomn, youngest son of Mrs. Ieader, 119, Tottenbari-court-road. On the 5th inst., at his residence, in Weymouth, William Turton, FIN. Onthe th inst., at Great Marlow, Sarah, relict of the late Thomas Wethered. Ezq., in her 85th year. On the Sth inst., at 4. Oakley-Eqiuare, Caroline Hes,ter Murray, the dearly beloved and only child of the late John Forbes, Esq., of Symond.s-ion, Chancery-lane, aged 13 years. On the 8th inst., at No. I. Grove-end-road, St. John's-wood, after a short ilines, M3ary Alice, the beloved wife of NVWilliam Booker, Esq., im the 62d year of her age. on the 9th inst., Mrs. James, 12, Southampton-place, New-road. On the 9th inst., at Edmonton, Mlr. George Pitt, of Chapel-place, aged 64. On the 9th inst., Sarah Ann, the eldest dauighter of John Wood Wilkes, Tzq., of 33, Marsham-street. VWestmianter, aged 41. On the 9th inst.. at 4. Camden-square, Leonard, the youngest son of Irederick Goodall, A.R.A On the 9th inst.. at No. 3. Claremont-terrace., Pentonviue, Mary, vife ofJohn Stainton, Esq., in the 77th year of her age. On the 6th inst., at Tormarton, in Glocestershire, Catharine Bennett, the last surviving daughter of Mr. Nicholas Bennett, formerly of New House Farm, also in the parish of Tormarton, aged 84. On the 9th inst.. at Fulhanu, Mary. wife of Alexander Dancer' aged 51. On the 9th inst., at 27. Ashley-place. Elizabeth, widow of the late Franci3 Synge, Esq., of Glanmore Castle, aud lasW surviving sister of the late General Sir John Taylor, l.C.B. On the 9th inst.. William lenry Galsworthy. Esq.. surgeon, eldest Eon of Silas Galsworthy, Tsp., of 522, George-street, Portman-square, a ged 39. On the loth inst. at 10. rTpper Belrrave-place. the residence of her nephew, Charles Nixon, Eiq.. Miss 3torris, aged 85. On Tuesday, the lOth inst., in the 28th year of her age. ary Anm, the beloved wife of Mr. Henry Wilkinson, Jun., of 42, Torrianoterrace, Kentish-town. At the residence of her son-in-law. Sir Wim. Cran'dall, Beecley-road, Maidetone, Srs.an, relict of the late Wm. Pearne, of Dover, in her 89th year.
* ('OALS.-The Alton Gas and Coke Company are %'w'dEsiro-ua of receiving TENDERSn for s,0O tons of PELA.W -MAIN or other coals equally suitable for gs-muaking. to be loaded In triiCi at the Nisse elmus Railway Station, or delivered at the AIlton dilaton, Terma each, Tenders lo be renxt on or before the 24th Juine. to Atote, June 3.1S56 I1'o COAL 3IBRCHAN TS and others.-The Board JL of Managers of the South Metropolitan School Dl.trict will mneet at the District SckooL Sutton. Surrey ottT,oo,day, the 1th June inst., at 2 o'clock. to receive TEUNLERS for SUIPIA ING t;OALS to the School for12 montlss. Frso ote ,,tiieiat'tlc)myb Obtained on application at Mr. Pluto s '-litre. Vestry Hail, Camber. w-ell: orto the Supe:rintendeut. atthe Dis,tort Scbo.i-.une 5,1856. T O COAL 23IFRiHA INTS und others.-Thec Board _Lof Guardiana of the parish of Caiuhen ell, Snrrey. sill mBoet on Wednesday, th~e 8th inst.at 4 ocloek, prep,.redtot receive TE,NDERS for the SUPPLYof COALSto the Worthoure. forl2nionths. Formis of tender, with further particulurs. may be 'btA lued ou aliplic-ation to the Master of the Workhouse. Hasil-stlretec, Cainterwel.-Juae ,1856. AIDDLESEX PRISuNS.-To Bankers, Btitthers 111.3Mealmnen, Coal Merchants, Oilmien. Grocers, Brus.hmakers, leathersalers, Woollendrapers, -Soapboi!ers, andI others.-WANTED at the Houses of Correction at . Gldbsth-tlelds aust1 Westtninster, and at the House of Detclntion at Clerkfnso,! SUt51 PPLIES of the unclermentioned ARTICLkS. v'z. :-Abonlt19 wt of br.-addaily. inloavesof various weights: good ox beef without Nione, consistiug of eleOts and stickrings; ox heads, weighin5 on an 1average2l31lb. each; muttont,consisti,,x of breasts. neck-, anl rios; molass~et hu-d.c rice, potatoes Scotch barley, Oatmeal, salt, gatsop,n-s. leather, linendrapery. and woollen cloth-frora the 24th of Juine instant to the 25'h Decemboer, 1816. and of coals fromthe 24th irl,t.,nt to the 24th.Iunle, 1857. Plersns willin3gto contract mayceoepatterns and samples, according to whLich -the tenders are tolbe made, andolbtitin the nesetsary formls of tendIer sapon apphication at citherof thosaid. Rou,c-of C;orrection. Sealed tenders are to bie delivered befor. half-p.-st 10 o'clock on Friday, the 20t instant, at the Sessins-houso. Clerkeuwell-greeti . and the percons tendering, or somec authorized agnt,ut must be in attend-ance there at U O'clock Precisely, with the in.ms and adder,s-es of two responsible wureties. The Visiting Justices do unot bind thwsnio,dv to accept the lowest or any of the tcnders.-Dated this 9th of .luz,e. 18SM. CHARLES WRIGHT, ~ CHAItLE P ALE, erza TA RSH of ST. PANCRAS. inth outof MINd. dlesex.-Department of Work.-_T. ules oe otatory and others.-The Hiighsways, Sewems su(i PulcWorim ComImittee of the Vestry of the PariAt, of 5', P'aicrus, in the county of Middlesx, will meet at thll otice of the 0epartmeent of Works, 10, Edward-street, Hampstead road, on 31,.nuay. the I'th day of June inst., at 4 Oclock in the aftersoon,.to receive TE-NDERS from parties who may be willing to CONTRAIrT until M"idsumumer-, 1817, for the EXECUVTION of the GENERAL~ WORKS an-, REp____ to the SEWERS, Gullies, Dralins, &c.. in the -,iil lsarisht. at. or under, or above. A. schedule of prices. which, together with the form of tender and contract, may be purcbased at the office of the Department of Works, 10, Edward-street, Ifa=pste*d-rood, On cod after Wednesday, the 4th day of Jmle In't, betweus.i the hours of- 10 and 4.Oup to the day and hour fixed to receive the tender. Sealed tenders to be sent in. slgred bytheproDosed contractor, with the n)ales aud description of two sufficient sureties fn' thte p-rforaano,- of his coutroct, to the office of he epatmnt f Wrks b orbefre -2O'clock at noon on the sai Moda. te 1thdasof un int.The Vestry do not bind themelvs t aceptthe asct o an teder. Nlo tender wMlbe receved r aceptd nessmadeoutonuoe of the printed forms, -P ARISH of ST. VL'AiI-YLEBONE. Mlay 3 1, 1856.- JLContractfor Glared SI--r'eware Sewvage Pipes. -N%oticoishor-eby given. that the Vestrymen of the parish of St. ltfaryIebone, in the county of M iiddlesex will inset in -be Boarl Ro,um of the Court-house Of the said panih. on Saturilay. the 21st day of June. 1156, to receive TEDRS frmu Persons willing to C(X)TRA' T wile the sad Vestry of St.3farylebone, for one ye.r. for the SUPPLY of GLAZED) STONEWARE SEWVAGE PIPES,. 11unda Junctious., &c. The tenders to be uepon the Printed forms, at net prices an'd tt lle cent in. sealed, on or beore U1 O'clock in the forenloon,. on ti0 aold 2lstdaju of June. A 6-inch, a 9-inch. and a 12-doch pipe to be dlelivered, fre~e of all charges at the paricuar maycpt boes'ntenadefrms oftnenpoueefo h tendering, or samle Derson on their belh;i, to oi atnacea h time of opening the tenders. By order. W. K GREEN WELL, Vestry Clerk, AINT MIARY, ISLIINOTON, ins the county of Stiuedlerex -Metropolis Lioeal 11tonageaesui Act.-To Dustmen and Scavengers.-The V.-try of thu- Parsis hereby give no,tice. thst they are prepared to receive TENDERS, and to CoNlTIfACT for Er-bnting Permission to COLLEC(I' the DUST, Cindlers, Ashes, and Iubiah of this Pari'h. from the 34th dlay of June, iust, to the 929th day of June. 1857. The price for sorb trivilcge to he vaiutby the contracter in advarce, by four equlal instalmnunts,the fistattbe timeof the acceptance of the tender the Sec. udl on, the -9th da,y,if September next, the third on the 15th day if D,-cemuer n,ext, and the list on the 25th day of March, 1837. P,,rsonsdilso. u-d lte oteset are requested to sendtheirtendersinwriti'g. rateilnu. cont,inicgthe,ameaand descriptionioftworeslpons,ible person-issn oretiesfor theperformanceof the contract totihe clerkoenor before Mt,in.tay. the i~thinstau~t, andperson. ally to attend ameeting of acommitt,ee.oftheVestrytlobe heldlat the Vestry.othices on the 16-h instant, at 7,'s'lock in the evening precisely, Tenders must be in writinig and delivered in conformity with the terms Of this notice, The Vestry do not pled ge themselves to accept any tender unless satisfied of the responsibility of the party tendering and of1hissureties. ThedIr-ft contract may be inalsectol andlfortberpartieulars obotained on application at theVestr5 ffces. NO. 21. Milner-square, IL-ington. JOHNT LAYTON. 26. Mriner-square. June 1D, 1S56. Vestry Clerk, ~7ITE HAPEL UNIO-BadndFu, Meat anI Stilk.-The Gurian fte oro teWie chpllUnon will meet at their Es' omi htcae ok house, on Tuesday, the 17th lay of Jn iset tsvnocoki the evening precisely, to receive TEDR foSU LY Gth Poor of the Union with BREAD, FOR n ET o he months from the 21st instant. viz. : 1st. For ouch bread and flour as may be required at the Union Workhouse in Whitechapel.ruuad. 2d. For ouch bread and flour as maY be required at the Unionz Workhouse in Charles-street, 3d. For ouch bread and flour as maybeoreuired at thLe Industrial School in Forest-lane, West Ham. 4tn. Meat for both Workhouses 5th. Steal for the Indiustrial School in Forest-lane, West Ham. The Guardians will also, at the game mieeting, receive tenders and contract for supplying Milk for hot-h Wmikhouses, and the Industrial School at Forest-gate, for.a peried of 12 monthe from the 2iit instant. Tenders mayhbe rent in for eitbesror all of the contracts, and the paymnenlo will be made monthly for the b, eaAl if required. The tender mnust heoon the printed forms, which may b'e obtained at either of the Workhouses, andI at the industrial School; and are to be left at the Board Room, prevnoun to the Lour of meeting above mintioned. The GuLardianIS 6o not bind themselves4 t.i acveid the lowest or any tender. 1.3onBy order. G. ADAM1S FARE, Clerk to the Guardianas, I,Mut-place, Whitechbr,el-road. 11th June, 1&%. F ULHAM UINIO-N.-contracts for Supplyinn, the FPoor.-N2otice is hiereby riven. thlat the Guardians of the Poor Of the FoElam Unioni will at their meeting,to be held at the Bo0ard Room, FUlbam Union Workhouse, on Thurs-day, the 19th cloy of June next, at :11 o'clock in the forenoon, receive PI' 'PSUSAI for SUrI'LYING the poor for three, six, or 12 months, from the 11th day of June next, as the Board may det-ermine, with the followving ARTICLE S, viz, : Good ox-beef. good wether mutton, the best househiold bread andflour, good ralt butter. unuble Gloces,ter cheese. tlouda chee, the best brotch oatmeal, best split peas, best poil,ard and barley-meal ; grocery articles supplied by oilmen : porter, in barrels of 16 gall1ons, clear of grounds:. the beet store and mould ciandles: night lights - linen and wioollen drapery. haberdashery. Also meat for the out-door poor. The articles required for the use of the workhouse are lo be de'livered free of any expense attenling tho delivery of thne same. The con- tractors will be required to enter into written centrasts and bendIs, wvith two sureties, for the duo performance thereof. The said contracts 'will be liable to be alteredl and detero- ined by any order of the PoorTow Commissioners, which mnay come intiieffect during the pieriodi that ouich contracts wouild otherwise remain in force, All tenders must he signd ad rnird an noe wll h reeivd uless given according to forms whch may der obinda the FuihaW Dnio Workhous, noerk ulesskb re-nt in bfoe la clock givn ht te oenoontee of the Boidorth ayo Jue, andt eavierevday tenderisstb.a far ase possibe acicompaneydewith speciamen ati samcpt,wles eti tl e.tRo of tStrviin.,cpoosdlb Supplied. therh Soar.thakonFiaythe 0adan onth bidao th nemselves to acEpT, the lowaet Conrany , tendr.atr n.too t-e en rmte2 .Byun ns. ordseeraof TOLe oard, l W, Dr SruLtER Ceealerk.an tbeard Rooms hns,Flanm Unvion. Workthoue,rfis Ju ine 5, o 1 ho. h rai mrk, ad MerKentspaya le yprlsan Casual th en ot;s,t brwetgne-notic is hertsenfyrgiven,sthath rusteesgofnthe Somrouet, Mnsarkt no thaving receaivd.an tender fur thie thealhchthey deelimedt adviab Gtorg V accept,i n aulrit will metibteVtyRo oft St.ogetboros Chrchaatl, asontwayk on Freida,te( m0th dvabe, ofJne int., toldr LEst,b Priate Contils ract, for ter b'oe, tad for treyas rmte2t -of Junein12. The seersoni~ TO n-LS rpsyalle fr frut,cegetabes, and othern gods,nc things, and h proossr,o thir oe firstb -ein boronh toethe madrkentgrtrs, a ndd sxc aalresmentfor n tiahsadeinseinfthe saidmafrkt pursuant. inther eisentoe boilnoescnnd in 40f the ac ufilet of Parliament menth ere. The ftofthell agemnds casua rituwllsa be lotpetoed th'ero Coler' thie, sums h prpsil beprpaid far the jit xollsaoe Or tog Drethe. The ollsandcosul s,-iningswer las le at the aetnnualrnt und ent, ad eecue anagremet S th ndemis ofcoki the sm o one,two,or tree eats an ay b agred u ontaind also~2, whithtw surtie, eterint a endin lu fot-h du Pfrsionscto thenign agree ment Th drats f te ageemntsand onis to bev ionsetda there Cler's ffie, hic wil bprearela th ontaexese of the pareties. atlemeon, and no ~ ~ ~ an tender.wl ercie nes otiig£0 hc sumWillnbe ret-timed' ifntL cslelnd thrde.ue perIson ain n h mainder of th ~ ~ ~ mdeladae depitmnysoltgieithna sofhesureties.o The Trsteesdo no hindthemeves ofacce t any teander. C00 By order of the Trustees.ity o HERBERT STUItMSunClerk. S. ellnctn-sreu~, ontlen-rdgeM.1 tie7 86 rf'WENT THOUSAND IPOUNDS 1VAN3ED. I.- WAThED,to-po RRlin Of teVoron eigh ofthund orksatndaedesrousrof BORROWNG £10010. nono o more umso nv ot lessvitn £1,0r0, at a rae ofintrestnotexcedin 41 er et. per pannym on~ seri ety o the pecal istictrats o lli Suutgh,fortheper arieamenwer20 avoks.Offrs obeaddessd t Wn. SoicaddreTow Cleirk coaundc- 1)yolcr, WM. ?~OWAJ. To. CLAXrk. OR NSALHOUa vNbl POUICS forANTED.-vit F bonuss i4pny the Lawo £,00 Li orAthree.e Soivet, tor seve ears, at thor-aate'ts, e c entssalu~y 0nihper ouui Tuedy heopn h (as bef cJun-, I .Frparticularsmyb obained ton Mc-rsi.to Wartemy andc Loersons will 1, Fiar-tret, lrauing.June6,amping .. BrLAsing. TIORISALENa x-nlualE SOLRCY for SAL 100Fite painX3LL r wa hing, andornamtin: g 1ovidethe most impove rnils Partculaly aapte fo shi:s,vit. lso leoI cgnes,- porable and every trer moths. Progressive Mlieut-40 Wheat Edward. £64:- 10 Wkea Alrary, 49 * 20 iWh,al Ch:.irltte. sSSX 50 vbcal Grcile, 275. 6il.; e10 West Collacomnh 3s, 10 Swanpool, 4. T. e above are w.orthy the attention of capitalist3.-Mlr. Leleant, mine sharedealer, 4, Cushion-court, Old Broad-street. NTATIONAL PROVIDENT FREEHOLD LAND i- O SOCf Y.-FOUR 1SO SHARES ofthis S.eletytobe SOLD, conveying rhe right of choice of alilt,euto of eligible building land on the Great Arbor Hfill Estate, Sliculh. Lucks. Land tax rexlcemed, tithe fren;, with in five minu ss'wilk of the Ylough station, nearWindsor, commandin,7 an extensive view. Apply by letter, prc-paid, to A. B. (the owncr), post-otlice. Artuidel. Sutisex. lTESTMINSTER IMIPROVEMIENT BOLNDS W 1 BOUGHT and SOLD. Aslvaunces made thereon. Salesand purchases effected in British and fireign fumds, railways, mines, &r. Apply to Messrs. Willmott and Co., eteck antI share dealers, 6S, Old Broad -strcet. S TEALI ENGINES to be SOLD, new and well ftnished, froni one to 24 horsc power, principles horizontal and inverted, w,th or without condensing gear. Localities visited if required forcorsustation as to eligiNility of priuciple, &c. References can be given over 20 years' manufacture. For p.rtictslars apply to Robt. Crickmer. Spa Works, Spar-oad, Ee nnd-ey. n- ar Iondon. JRAINING and IR}t-GATING bv STEAM POWER.-A, l;rge HlYDRAUL,I(C ENGLNE for SALR, capable of raming from 3,000 to 4.a00 gallonis Ier ininute, with steam boiler and chimney complete: invaluable for the colonies. To be seen at J. WalIer's, 17, Cowper-street, City-road. iCRE V EPRESSES, for pressing all kinds of ma- tetial reqttriug pressure. 3lotion is given tothe screwbyHSywheel, acuiring, any amount of poser. aid may be workee bymen, hgrse, or steam powver. To be seen at J. Walkers, 17, Cowser.street, City-road. TFO CONTRACTORS and others.-WA NTED, a J quantity of second-hand BARRROWS, in working qrder. Address S. P., Bay Tree, St. Swithiu's-laiie. CitY. T°O PIANOFORTEMNAKERS. - Thorougthly- .J saoned AMERICAN Ar H for SALE, at the "atent W'ood. Seasoning Works. Lady Lake's-grove, Mile.eud-Rate, PEAT CHARCOAL annd CHARCOAL DUST, free Srom aduIteration, and in a dry state, titifor immedIate ue. mann. faetured fromthe beat material, at Fens Moss Peat Charcoal Works, near Tilsteck, Salep, r7lt Sbrewsbucy. Approved contracte taken for any quantity of coke or dust.
UlyVERSITY INVTELLIGENCE. _ _ OXFORD, J3uE 10. ne vacant vellowships at University College have been this day adjudged to Mr. E. Davey, Scholar of that College, and Ir. C. J. Faulkner, Scholar of Pembroke College. There were ten candidates. Mr. Davey obtained a double First Class in the examination before Moderators, andFirst Classes in Litere Hunmaniores and Mlathematics in the fiaal examination. Mr. FauLkner obtained a Mfathenmatic.l First Class in Moderations, and First Classes in Mathematics and Physical Science in the final examination, and also the Junior and Senior Mathematical Scholar- the Delegacy appointed to inquire into the state of St. MaTy's Spire having obtained from G. G. Scott and Mr. J. C. Birkinshaw a report in -which certain immediate reparation of that building is recommended, in the Convocation to be holden on Thursday next, the 12th inst., at 2 o'clock, it will be proposed that the aforesaid Delegacy be authorized to proceed with the work forthwith. The report will lie in the Justice-room on Wednesday, the 11th inst., and on Thursday morning till 1 o'clock.
AiY INFAIMOUS WAR. r - (From the -LvewD Yorkh Aiffrro: If at any period since the discovery of this continent, a war upon the Indian races, its original and rightful possessors, could be justified by the necessities of civilization or colonization, such war has not been justifiable since the American people rose to the dignity and power of an independent nation. Down, from the landing of the Puritans and Cavaliers, through centuries of shame to us, the Indian has been buflled, defrauded, slaughtered, and pursued, from the Atelantic to the Roclky MIountains, sim.ply because he dared to affirm his natural rights, snd, in defence of them, sp)ill his blood around the hearths and graves of his fathers. Beyond all question, in the light of truth and justice, the Indian has been, everywhere, the assailedand injured party He has been provoked a ihousand-fold more than hehas provoked. Receding before the bloody march of Christian civilization, he now lingers on the western verge of the continent, or in the jungles by the gulf, unsubdued in his spirit of independence, striking back only under the most terrible provocations, and disdaining to yield to his persecutors and murderers, until the last of his race shall be slain or driven into the Pacific. Surely as there is a just God, He cannot look unpityingly upon the fate of the Indian. Slain by greedy lust for empire, even while we have millions of square milesof unoccupied soil, his blood cries aloud for vengeance. But of all the wars excited by the cupidity, or something more demoniacal in the spirit of the pale-face, against the Indian, the one now being waged in Oregon is the most infamous on our country's record. There is the amplest proof that this war has been forced upon the Indians by the whites, and that the appeals of the red man for peace have been spumned or answered by the bayonet or bullet. It is a war of speculation, intended to plunder the public treasury of from $50,000,000 to a $l00,000,000 and that, too, while our north Pacific terrstonies contain more soil for the peacefuil use of the white man than he can nbsorb in a century. 'These facts are known at Washington-they are patent to whoever will inquire into the matter, and yet Congress has voted a first instalment of nearly $500,000 to sustain a slaughtering crusade against the Indians of Oregon. General Wool, the commander of our forces on the Pacific, having been ordered to Oregon tosettle disturbances there, marched thither, and upon investigation found that there was no Indian war, hut only a shameful war upon the Indians. WN'ith the spirit of a humane as well as heroic man, he refused to become a party to the wanton slaughter of the red men. His soul was filled with disgust and indignation towards the white wretches who had fomented a murderous quarrel in order to plunder the national Treasury. He has been assailed for his action, and has written a manly letter of defence. After picthuing the infernal schemes and doings of the whites and the massacres of Indians, he sums up the bloody and shameful results and says:- "Such have been the results of one of the most unwise unnecessary, and extravagant expeditions ever fitted out in the United States, and for no other reason than to plunder the treasury of the United States and to make political capital for somebody. It could not have been projected for the defence of the inhabitants of Oregon, nor for the protection of Oregonians in Washington territory, for none resided there. What, then, could have been the object? Nothing but a cmrsade against the Indians, and a long war to enrich the country. If such was not the object. Governor Curry, instead of sending his troops against the Indians in Washington territory, and beyond his jurisdiction, would have sent all of them to Southern Oregoni, where the war raged, and nowhere else in his territory. The Oregonians say that the war 'is a godsend to the country."' Spealing of the conduct of the Territorial authorities in this matter, General Wool says:- "I regret that I am compelled to say that such conduct is too much encouraged by persons holding high offices under the Government of the Uinited States; and because I have opposed this inhuman and barbarous practice, and the wholesale plundering of the treasury of the United States, which there are no circumstances to justify, I ha ve been denounced by the governors of both territories and the Legislature of Oregon." General.Wool declares that this Oregon-Indian war, accordin to the programme of its getters up, will cost the United States from $50,000,000 to $100,000,000 and imnrint on the national escutcheon an indelible blot of amy. Three-fifths, if not all our Indian wars, have been infamous; tolerableynowhere in the sight of Eternal Justice. It is evident that there is to be no cessation of the bloody game until the last Indian is destroyed. Hounded from their homes by boastful civilization in the name of Liberty, their bones whiten the surface of a continent; and still, even while they crouch for shelter in the gorges of the nountains, the cryof the white man is. " Slay !-slay theIndian !" PEACE PRFSERVATION (IxE rnm) BnI.-A bill brought from theLords, continues certain sections of the Act 11th and 12th Victoria, cap. 2, save that the punishment to which parties are liable on conviction, under the 9th and 12th sections of the saidact, will henceforth bereduced from imprisonment for two years to imprisonment for one year, with or without hard labour. The act is to commence on the 1st of July, and to remain in force for fise years.
SPORTING INTBLLIGBNCE. ASCOT HEATH RACES, TumSmy. The opening of the Staines and Wokingham Railway has destroyed to a certain extent the " glories" of what racing men call " Aristocratic Ascot." It occasioned the display of carriages on the Heath to be considerably diminished, and altogether it caused the meeting to assimilate in character to the Epsom gathering. The attendance was immense, but the muster of pleasure folk comprised perhaps an unusual number of that class of persons who are popularly denominated " roughs," Still in the Grand Stand and Enclosure and in the Royal Stand and Stewards' Stands were many distinguished visitors and elegantly attired ladies. An unclouded sun lit up gaily the animated scene, and its genial influence evidently disposed all persons to full and umrestrained enjoyment. The sport was sufficiently ample in quantity and interesting in quality to excite the interest and sustain the curiosity of the spectators. To genuine tirfites it was peculiarly important, as the running of certain horses was totally incompatible with their Epsom performances. This differenceIwas mainly ow,ring to the state of the ground, which, unlike that of Epsom, where the horses had to run through heavy-holding dirt, was decidedly hard, and severely triedthe tender-footed ones. Three horses, Flyby-Night, Clotilde, and Corcebus, broke down badly in the course of the afternoon. The first new instance of the glorious uncertainty of the tu-f was afforded by the result of the Triennial Stakes for three-year-olds. Cannobie was third for the Derby, yet to-day he was beaten easily by Fly-by-Night, who took no prominent part in the Epsom encounter. This performance, however, was not the only cause for surprise, for the preconceived notions of the presumed cognoscenti were again upset by the same horse. For theAscot Derby only three horses were brought out-Fly-by-Night, Yellow Jack, and Grampian. Even money was betted on Yellow Jack, but again was the Derby running upset by Fly-by-Night; the placed " nowhere" in the Derby, despite his previous race, beat Yellow Jack, who was second in the great Epsom event. Fly-by-Night, however, suffered severely from his second victory, for soon after passing the post he broke down, and was led limping awvay. The Gold Vase was won by Fisherman, whose performance proved that Ellington was not really so bad as he seemed prior to his Derby victory, for it will be remembered that at York Ellington gave Fisherman 6lb., and was only beaten by a head. The "Vase" was a vase in name only for the piece of plate which did duty for it was a group forming an illustration of the legend which Sir WValter Scott has made popular in his Minstrelsy of the Scottish Border. It represents the white doe of Rylstone alluring Thomas the Rhymer into fairyland. The design and execution of this group are very chaste, simple, and elegant. The " vase " was manufactured at the establishment of Messrs. Garrard, jewellers to the Crown, from designs and models by ixIr. Cotterill. The Court was not present to-day, but will visit the Eeath on Thursday, " The Cup Day." Although the proceedings commenced a quarter of an hou.- behind the time appointed, yet, ow-ing to the exertions of Mr. Manning, the clerk of the scales, the lost time was quickly made up, and the last race was decided punctually to the hour fixed. The following is a description of the running:- The TRIL STARES, of 5 sovs. each, with o0 added; for 2-yr-olds, 4st. 41b. ; 3-yr-olds, 7st. 41b.; 4-yr-olds, 8st. 71b.; 5-yr-olds, 9at.; -yr-olds and aged, Ost. 31b. The winner to be sold for 6001., unless exemption from being sold was claimed at the time of entrance, and horses for which this claim was made to carry 9lb. extra. New mile. 13 subs. MIr. Howard's Spindle, by Orlando, 3 yrs, 7st. 41b. (J. Goater) ... . ... ... .. ... .. 1 Mr. T. Parr's Apathy, 2 yrs, 4st. 131b. (including 9Ob. extra) (Snowden) ... ... ... ... ... .. 2 Mr. J. Jackson's Remedy, 2 yzs, 4st. 41b. (carried 4s 2 101b.) (Challoner) ... ... ... .. ... ... 3 The following also ran:-- Captain White's Fie, 2 yrs, 4st. 41b. (Perry). Captain Lane's Barfleur, 3 yrs, 7st. 41b. (J. Steg les). Mr. Waller's King Cob, 3 yzs, 7st. 41b. (Crouchi. Mr. R. Drewitt's the Borderer, 2 yzs, 4st. 41b. (carried 4st. 71b.) (Woodhouse). Mr. Saxons Coxwell, 2 yrs, 4st. 4ib. (Shakspeare). Lord J. Scott's Cantrip, 2 yrs, 4st. 41b. (Brewety). Mfr. Rayner's Judy, 3yrs, 7st. 41b. (Arthur). hMr. E. R. Clark's South-Western, 2yrs, 4st. 131h. (including 91b. extra), (Whalley). Mr. Gully's the Usher, 2 yrs, 4st. 41b. (Dear). Bctting-5 to 2 agst apathy, 4 to 1 agat Remedy, S to 1 each agst Spindle and Cantrip, 10 to 1 agst King Cob. Won on the post by a short head; three lengths between the second and third, KRing Cab was fourth. Usher was fifth and Cantrip sixtm. Fie, Judy, and Baafleur were the last three. SECONDYnUR of the SExvExn AsCOT TRIEN-MAL STrAES, of 10 sovs each, with 100 added, for foals of 1852, to run at three years old; colts, 8st. 71b. ; fillies, Sst. 41t. The second to receive 50 sovs. out of the stakes. New Mile. 51 subs. Mr. Bowes's Fly-by-Night, by the Flying Dutchman, &St. 71b. (Bartholomew) . . 1 Mr. Combe's Pitapat, Sat. 71b. (J. Mann) . . 2 Lord J. Scott's Cannobie, 8st. 71b. (Wells) ... ... 3 Lord Chesterfield's Peter Flat, 8st. 71b. (Flatman) 4 Mr. J. Hart's Aleppo, 8st. 71b. (A. Day) . . Mir. Cookson's Bird-in-Hand, 8st. 71b. (Alderoft) ... 6 Betting.-3to 1 cach agst Fly-by-Night, Cannobie, and Pitapat, 4 to 1 agst Bird-in-Hand. Aleppo led to the distance, where he was beaten, and Pitapat took up the running, with Cannobie second and Fly-by-Night third. At the end of the Grand Stand Enclosure Fly-by-Night went to the front, and at last won by two lengths; half a length separated the second from the third; about two lengths between the third and fourth. Aleppo and Bird-in-Hand finished close together, about a length behind Peter Flat. Qmunce was declared not to start at 2 o'clock p.m. this day. TnE Ascor STAKES, of 25 sovs. each, 15 ft., and 5 only if declared, &c. The second to receive 50 sovs. out of the stakes, and the third to save his stake. Winners nb. extra. Two miles and a-half. 6S subs., 45 of whom pay 5 sovs. each ft. Mflr. Guivers Redewption, by Orlando, 4 yrs, ast. 101b. (carried Sat. 121b.) (Prior) .. Captain Christie's Bandalore, 3 yrs, 4st. 41b. (carried 4st. 61b. (Pritchard) . .. ... ... ... 2 Mr. Treen's Van Eyck, 3yrs, 4st. 121b. (carries 4st. 131b.) (Bullock) ... .. ... . .. ... ... 3 Mr. J. M. Stanley's Mishap, 5 yrs, 6st. 101b. (Hearnden) 4 The following also ran .- Mz. Edwards's Jolly Marine, 4 yrs, 7st. (HeIffer). Mr. Henderson's Bolton, 4 yrs, 7st. (Quinton). Mr. J. M. Stanley's Veteran, 6yrs, Ost. 41b. (Cresswell). Lord Chesterfield's Peter Wilkins, 3 yrs, Gst. (Fordbam). .Mr. Elwes's The Cropper, 4 yrs, Ost. (Plumb). Lord Exeter's Besika, 4 yrs, 5st. 131b. (J. Edwards). Mlr. Snewing's Libellist, 3 yrs, 5st. 71b. (Bray). Betting-5 to 2 agst Libellist, 6 to 1 agst Van EyCe, 100 to 15 each agst Bandalore and Redemption, 10 to 1 agst any other. Bandalore made nearly allthe running. On entering the straight Redenpton took second place, Dassed Bandalore at the distance,- and at last wan easily by a length. Three lengths between the secondandthird,andtwolegths between the third and fourth. Jolly Marine and Bolton were next. Besika and Libellist were seventh anld eighth, beaten off. The ASCOT DFRBY STAKES, of 50 sovs. each, h. ft., for 3- yr-olds; colts, Sst. 7Tb.; fillies, Sst. 31b. Certain penalties. Swinley Course. (Mile and a-half.) 17 subs. Mr. Bowes's Fly-by-Night, by The Ilying Dutchman, 8st. 71b. (Bartholomew) .. ... ... ... ..1 Mr. Howard's Yellow Jack, Sst. 121b. (inc. olb. extra), (Wells) .. . ... ... .. ... 2 Mr. W. Peel's Grampian, Sst. 71b. (A. Day) ... Betting.-Even on Yellow Jack; 11 to 10 agst Fly-byYeliow Jack took a clear lead, Fly-by-Night lying off. On entering the straight Fly-by-Night began to drawv forward, caught Yellow Jack half way up the distance, made his effort opposite the Royal Stand, and at last won by a length and a-half. Grampian was two lengths behind Yellow Jack. Immiediately after passing the post Fly-by-Night broke down, a handkerchief was hound roaind his leg, and he lTimped away " dead lame." The THIRD YEAR of the SIXTH A\SCOT TsuE~nnI ST.&KES, of 10 sovs. each, with 100 added, for foals of 1852, to run at 4 years; colts, Sst. 71b. fillies, Sst. 41b. The second to receive 50 sovs. out of the stakes. Certain allowances. Once round. 53 subs. Lord Wilton's Shoreham, by Sir Tatton Sykes, Sst. 21b. (Flatman) ... .. ... ... 1 Mrs. Osbaldeston's Claret, Sst. 71b. (J. Mann). 2 Mr. Bowes's Graeculus Esuriens, St. 71b. (Bartholomew) 3 The following also ran:- Duke of Bedford's Habena, 7st. 131b. (S. Rogers). .Mr. Hope's Corowbus, Sst. 21b. (Wells). Mr. Merry's Clotilde, Sat. 41b. (Ashmall). Betting.-O to 4 on Habena, 5 to 1 agst Clotilde, G to 1 agst Corcebus, 10 to 1 agst Claret, 10 to 1 agst Shorch2m, 20 to also laid. Agood race in, won by a head, four lengths between the second and third. Habena was fourth. Corcebus and Clotilde broke down. The GOLD VASE, given by Her Majesty, added to a Sweep- stakes of 20 sovs each - for 3-yr-olds, 7st. 'tb.; 4-yr-olds, 9st.; 5-yr-olds, Oat. n1b.; 6-yr-olds and aged, 9st. 91lb. Certain allowances and penalties. Two miles. 11 subs. Mr. T. Parrs Fisherman, by Heron, 3 yrs, 7st. 31b. (Quinton) . .. .. .. .. .. ..1 Mr. 3. Harts Aleppo, 3 yrs, 7 7st. 31b. (Salter) ' 2 Mr. Howard's Coroner, 3 yrs, 7st. 31b. (J. Goater) 3 Mr. S. Walker's Winkfield, 5 srs, 9st. 71b. (J. Mlann) 4 Mr. Combe's Pitapat, 3 yrs, 7st. 31b. (J. Steggles) .5 Lord Anglesey's Sultan, 4 yrs, 9st. (G. Mann) ..0. .. 6 Mr. Thomas's California Dick, 3 yrs, 6st. 131b. (Heffer) 7 Betting.-Even on Fisherman, 6 to 1 each agst Coroner an d Aleppo, 10 to 1 agst Winkfeied. Aleppo took a lead of upwards of 200 yards, which he held until rounding the Last turn. On entering the straight Fisherman became second, caught Aleppo half-way up the distance, and at last beat him easily by a lenith. Bad third. The others were pulledup and wialked di. SWKEPTAICPES of 54) sovs. each. h. ft. , for 2-yr-olas; colts, sbst. 7.b; fillies, Sst.'31b. Three 4juarters of a maile. 8 subs. Baron Rothschild's Sydney, by Surplice, Sst. 7Tb. (Charlton) 1. . . . Lord Dorchester's The Vigil, 8st. 3ib. (A. Day) . . 2 Betting.-3 to 1 on Sydney, who won by half a length. BETZG ON THE COURS:E. TIl} CUP. 5 to 4 on Manganese (offered). 4 -1 agst Rogerthorpe (offered). ST. LEGER. 20 to 1 agst Fly-by-Night (offered). ASCOT-2E.A' ThAC.e_ ORDER OF RuNNlNG. 1 30-Sweepstakes of 15 sovs. each. 2 0-Fernbill Stakes. 2 30-Handicap Plate of 50l. 315-Hunt Cup. 3 45-toronation Stakes. 4 15-Quees's Plate. 4 45-Albany Stakes (A walk over). HEXLEY ROYAL REGATTA. SECOND AND LAST DAY. The regatta concluded yesterday with some first-rate sport. The weather, as on the previous day, was extremely fine, but the assemblage of spectators scarcely so large. The grandstand and bridge were, as before, thronged -with the aristocracy and their families. 'lThe rowing commenced at half-past 2 o'clock, and was continued until 6 in the eveuing. lt commenced with the race for Tin VIsrroBs Cur (FOUnR-OARED BOATS). Cambridge.-Lady MIargaret Boat Club .... 1 Chester.-RoyaL Chester Rowing Club.0... . O THE CAMBRIDGE CREV. st. lb. 1. Mr. J. Fisher ... ... ... ... 10 6 2. Mlr. P. P. Pearson ... .. 10 3. WIr. H. Williams . ... . ) 4 Mr. H. Snow (stroke) ... ... 1i S Mr. J. H. Simpson (steerer) ... ... 9 2 THE CHESTER CREW. st. lb. 1. MEr. P. Maudesley ... ... ... 9 1 2. ]Wr. E. B. Gibson ... ... ... 10 10 3. Ir. E. Dixon ... ... .. 11 9 Mr. J. B. Littledale (stroke) ... ... 10 9 Mr. A. Brittain (steerer) ... ... 5 8 The race was most magnificent, and disappointed, by its result, the general anticipation. The defeat of the Cambridge men by the Chester crew in the race for the Ladies Plate on Monday had induced speculators to come to the conclusion, although that was an eight-oars contest that the victorious crew could also equally well muster a superior four. Both were very fine, but the race proved tat the Cambridge were the better men. The start was taken with great rapidity by both, but in the next minute the Chester party forged ahead a quarter of a length, which * thev were unable to increase, and, owing to the extra- ordinary rowing of the Cambridge men, they immediately afterwards became level, and were nearly oar and oar for a furlong. The Cambridge crew then graduaUy began to steal away, and won by three lengths, amnid the most deafening shouts. MIr. Williams broke his stretcher at about the third pull, but continued at work in the most gallant way imaginable to the finish. when he required the kind attention of his brother oarsmen, owing to his exhausted ccndition. P Fop THE DLUIOND CHlLELNGE ScOULS AND SLVER PRESENTATION CUP. Mr. Casamajor, Argonauts' Boat Club . . .1 Mr. Stephens, Caversham Boat Club .. 0 The preliminary heat in this race had been rowed on the previous day, when Mr. Ste, hens was successful agains his antagonist, Mr. Warre. l'ho start was very even and good, and they were close together for 200 yards, -when lMr. Casamajor gradually drev ahead, and rwon by two lengths easily. THE WA,TTER31EN'S RACE, FOR A PUJRSE or SovEnREGNS. Relly's crew .. ... ... ... 1 Mackinney's crew ... ... .. 0 R;E.T.x-R flwp .rnese were pleed crews of 1ondon watermen, and rowed with the excellence peculiar to them. It was a verv fast car and oar race the entire distance, and,lwas soeljose_as almost to be a dead heat. an-n C nXanQ- Orro AUR -on EroHnT-uARE Chester.-IRoyal Cbester Rowing Club ...I Cambridge.-Lady Margaret Boat Club... 0...0 THE CHESTER, CRE. st. lb. 1. Mr. J. Maudsley . ... ... 9 1 2- ,, S. Grindrod ... ... ... ... 9 10 3. ,, T. Fairrie .... ... ... ... 10 5 4. ,, E. B. Gibson ... ... ... ... 10 10 5. ,, E.Dixon ... ... ... ... 1 9 6. ,, F. French ... ... ... ... 11 4 7. ,, J. ELsee ... ... ... ... o1 0 J. B. Littledale (stroke) ... 10 9 A. Brittain (steerer) ... ... ... 5 8 THE CAMUBRIDGE CREW. at. lb. 1. LMr. T. F. Agg ... ... 10 2 2. ,, T. C. Hayllar ... 9 12 3. ,, W. F. Eabart ... ... ... 11 6 4. ,, 3'. P. Pearson ... ... ... 11 10 5. . Williams ... ... ... ... 12 4 6. ,. J. Fisber ... ... ... ... 10 6 7. ,, H. Snow ... ... ... ... 11 S J. Wright (stroke) ... .... ....10 4 J. H. Simpson (steerer) .9 2 The Chester men were strongly the favourites, and, in consequence of the condition of Mr. WiUliams,-above alluded to at the end of the four-oared race for the Visitors' ChaUenge Cup,-it was questionable till the very last moment vhether the Cambridge men would be able to go. They, however, did, and made a very gallanut race of it for some seconds, when the Chester men rowed in front, and won by four lengths. We are happy to say that Mr. Wil. liams appeared better after the race than before. The lastnamed had tile Iierks side, lessrs Flawford and Payna the other, and the winners had the mid-strecan to contend against. They got to workc beautifully; tile winners iimediately took a slight lead, which t.hey maintained in stuyle,r r.Nottidge rowingeasily towards the end. Messrs. TOrner and Playford headed the Oxcford pair by four lengtbs. Hodges, of the Detective Police, and other officers warned off a number of the swell mob duiring the regatta,
THE CONVICT PALlVER. Last night a public meeting, densely crowded, was held in St. Martin's-hall, Long acre, to consider the propriety of airesting the execution of the convict Palmer, on the ground of doubtful and conflicting testimony produced at the trial, and to give time for medical investigation. The greater part of the people present wvere working men, with a considerable proportion of the middle-classes, and here and there a few women. After the doors were opened the hal speedily became completely fl led, and it was said hundreds -who could not obtain admission remained outside during tile proceedings. A petition praying that the execution might be stayed on the grounds stated lay in a lobby outside throughout the evening, and a great number of persons appended their names to it. The feeling manifested by the greater part of the audience was in favour of a respite, but a very considerable number obviously held a contrary olpinion, and vociferously asserted it on every practicable occasion during the proceedings. So high, indeed, did the conffict of feeling IWI at one time that a well-dressed, portly mnan, namedi Bndd, who iumnped upon the platform and insisted, in defiance of all order and of the renionstrances of the chairman, uiponi addressing the meeting while another slpeaker was in possession of the chair, was only brought to reason by the appearance of a policeman amid a scene of indescribable confusion. Mtr. P. EDWARDS, who was caled to the chair, said he and the rest of the promoters of the meetin2 had no sympathy whatever w-ith WVilliam Palmer, knaw nothing of him, never saw him, and never had any intercourse with him or vith any of the members of his family. They had 11o morbid symlpathy with crime or with criminals, and if the case of the conivict as it stood satisfied public opinion in this - country, he. for one, should nevcr tLink of arresting the progress of the law, which on all occasions was a thin)g to be respected and protected. (Cheers.) But, as there was oii this occasion ground for doubt, and as publicopinion was divided onthe question of Palmer's guilt, and as, moreover, a nunber of able men, such as Mr. erapath, of Bristol, Dr. Letheby, and others, stated that if they ha(d more time they coulad throw additional light on this subject, the mneeting had been convened to ask for more time. (Cheers.) lie and those who actedwith hi'non this occasion did not wish for a reprieve, nor did they ask for mercy, but they arked for justice ; and if the evidence submitted at the trial was considered by the meeting to be doubtful he huped they would assis' him in an endeavour to procure a re-investigation of the case, so that theremight be afterwards no cause for unavailing sorrow. An important fact hearing on the case had been made known within the last fevw days. Professor Rogers, an analytical chymist in London, had this week dug up a dog which was poisoned by strychnia 14 months ago, and, though the body of the animal was completely rotten, he found strychnia in its stomach, its tisuos, and its skin at this day. Mr. Rogers had conummicated the fact to Sir George Grey, by -whom he did not doubt it would receive the consideration it deserved. To take away human life was at all times an awful thing, but to take it avay when there were doubts as to the guilt of an individual was infinitely morn awful: and he had not met with a mnas who bad ventured to say that there was positive proof of the guilt of Palmer. (Cheers and aproar.) Though every op. portunity was given to Palmer for a fair trial, there were many who thought that he had too many counsel against him, and that even Lord Campbell binself might be said to have been counsel for the prosecution. (Renewed uproar.) He believed his Lordship to be above all interested motives, buthewas at the sametime fallible, like othermen, and hemight'ave erred in the course he took againstthe prisoner. RIe (Mr. Edwvards) irelf believed that Palmer was guilty; bat behief was one thing and certainty was another, and surely a man was not to be hanged on mere belief. Mr. BALX;TER LA;GLY moved the first resolution, "That there being grave doubts as to whether ornot John Parsons C'ook died from strvehnia, and it being essential to the interests of society, the progress of science, and the safety of individual life that those doubts should be removed, the meeting was of opinion that the execution of William Palmer should be delayed til an opportunity was afforded of Proving whether or not strychnia could be found in all cases where death had resulted from that poison." le had no sympathy with the convict Palmer or with his pursuits. He stood there simply to vindicate the majesty of the law, which was dear to every Englishman as a protective, and not as a destructive principle; and he asked that the puble mind should be satisfied that 'no link was ,wanting n the chain of evidence against the prisoner before the sentenceuponhimwas carriedintoexecution. Hediduot say that Palmer was innocenq, but he saidfor their own sakes and for the sake of the law let them give the prisoner the benefit of the doubt which hung over his guilt. Lord Campbell in his summing up at the trial assumed that the prisoner had committed murder, and then laid before the jury facts to prove his own hypothesis. ( " No, no," and counter-cheers.) He contended that the sumnming up of Lord Campbell was unfair, because he did not put the question to the jury whether strychnia had or had not been administered to the deceased, but whether his death was consistent with poisoning by strychnia, thus assuming that death had occurred from strychnia, -which 'was not proved. His opinion was this, that if Palmer was executed he would be executed to satisfy a scientific hypothesis. (" No, no," and uproar.) Mr.'R. R IIAT seconded the resolution, aud contended that if capital punishment was to take place it should only be in cases with respect to which there wras not a particle of doubt. When they had once taken a man to the scaffold and deprived him of life, if proof of his innocence was afterwards established, it brought no compensation for the wrong which had been inflicted, but only sorrow and remorse to those who executed an irrevocable sentence on the fa3lible testimony of man. (Cheers.) They were not there to consider -whether Palmer was a gambler, a blacldeg, or a forxger. The question was, had murder been legally proved againlst himu ? (" No, no." aud uproar.) He would not do Lord Campbell the injustice to suppose that he was an accessory willingly to a legal murder. Th;s ease stood completely isolated. The evidence was whollv circumstantial, not only as to the guilt of Palmer, but as to the fact of a crime haviing been committed. They had doctors contmudicting one another, and propounding opposite and adverse theories throug-hout t,he trial, thus raising on all sides of the question a doubt whether Cook died by natural or non-natural means. He contended that the w hole operation of the old EBnglish law observed on trials for murder had in this case been reversed; first, because before proceeding to prove a murder they proceeded to prove aimurderer, and, instead of inferring the cruminal from the crime, they inferred the crime fromn the criminal Ahiwr. T. BALI, proposed what lie called an amendmnent, but it turned out tobean very like the original resolution that the meeting refused to entertain it, and the original motion, which wvas also supported by the PRev. l:dr. Thomas, was put and carried by a considerable -majority. MIr. H. HaslSs, a surgeon, then mo-ed the appointment of a deputation, consisting of the chairm..n and several other gentlemen on the platformn, to wvait upon the Secretary of the Home Department, and lay before him the re'solution which the meeting had just sanctioned. To this an amendment was moved by Mr. Brnxn.D and seconded by the Rev. Mr. POPE, to the effect that the verdict of the jury was perfectly correct according to the evidence given on the trial. The amendment was lost on a showr of bands, and the ori,ginal motion afrirmedbya large majority. The meeting then separated.
THE UNITED STATES A.,D EvGLAND. p (From the ecw York Herald.) The dismissal of Mr. Crampton and the British Consuls, in defiance of the elaborate and ingenious defence of Lord Clarendon, and in view of the un-settled questions pending upon the Clayton-Buliwer treaty, and in connexion vith the recognition of the Walker-Rivas Government of Nicaragua, certainly complicates and embarrasses our disputes with the London Cabinet. It will be remembered that this offensive proceeding is to be addressed to Lord Palmerston, the most punctilious aristocrat in England, and it is warranted in the fact that Mr. Crampton has violated the neutrality laws of the United States. The inference from the act of dismissal is that the Amezican Government and people are sensitively alive to the necessity of executing the neutrality laws of the country. The recognition of the Walker Government may not indicate a different state of the case; but there will doubtless, go out to England with the dismissal authen.io reports from British agents in the United States that the neutrality lavws are being habitually violated in permitting troops to be enlisted and sent forwvard to aid Geueral Walker against a Government with wVhich -we are at peace. _=+b>v Am;w..bfhe-statesif TCenfralerica. It- is impDssihle, in this condition of afftirs on this side of the water, that the proceeding or our Caf1nlinetvwardasr. Cram pIton and his associates, who are sent home as criminals n violating la.w s to execute which towards other parties no effort is mado by thefederalauthorities v,wilbe regardedotherwise than as most offensive by Her Majesty's Government. It will be looked-upon as the settled purpose of the United States to rigidly enforce our statutes towards England and other European States, and at the saiue time to open the flood-gates of population towvards Central America. It wfi be regarded as a defiance of England in every mnatter of dispute between the two Governments. A disavol.al of aU unfriendly designs and of all intention to disturb the peaceful relations subsisting betwveen the tvo Cabinets will be received as an aggravation of the offence; and the prompt dismissal of Mr. Dallas and the suipenn-on of diplomatic relations are likely to follow. The Pierce-Marcy Cabinet in this hvhole affair has been signally outwitted. When xr. Cram;pton wvas actually convicted of violation of our laws, his dismissal would have been received by the London Cabinet as an assurance of a rigid purpose only to enforce our laws-a purpose that would have been hailed with satisfaction by all the States of Europe. But 3Ir. Marcy preferred first to ebtain testimony sufficient to convict the Mfinister, and then to demand his recall on the basis of the exhibitshe wras able to lay before Her M1ajesty's Governient. Lord Clarendon received Mr. Marcy's despatch and testimony, and, adroitly disavowing any intention to violate the laws, or infringe the sovereignty, or to interfere with the policy of the United States in reference to the enforcement of their neutral statutes and obligations, proceeded to discredit Mr. Marc-s evidence upon -which the recallw as demanded. It is evident that by this course Lord Clarendon intended, in the event of a dismissal of his agents, to place himself i-cd es in curid before the States of Europe; to prepare himself, in that contingency, to demand the suppart of the British ppople in any contest that might arise in Parliament touching the propriety of the procecoings on his part. He will be able thus to submit to the House of Coimmons a frank and manly apology to the Pierce-Marcy Cabinet, and a disavowal of any intention to violate our laws. The effect of such proceedings will be found in strengthening the Palmerston Administration. We have giken them the advantage ; w-e have conferred upon themn the choice of position and weapons. We have cnabled thenm to fostify their position by friendly disavowals and frank professions of friendship. These were gratuities-wLat we gave thetn. We occupied the vantage ground; we had the position of rights and might have cLaimed an overwhehljing support in Parliament. But these advantages hare Leen buziglingly surrendered. We have thus persuitted Lord Clarendon to array against us his earnest appeals for pcace and international harmony; and they will have their weight with members of the British Leogislaturo. And wliat is to be the end of these fearful blunders ? Do they betoken forbearance in Centrai America? Will tbey not be folloved by nmenace in that direction on the part of the British navy-by little border feuds, which betoken indifference to the peace of the tP-o countries-by retaliation on our part, and perhaps by an open rupture ? Are these impossible or improbable events of the future? AInd why are we thus driven to the verge of war with the most powerfal State in Europe? If the disnmissal of Mr. Crampton and his acsociates, under the circumstances, is not followed by the disatissal of Mdr. Dallas, and by the hostile movement of the British West India and Central American squadron, it will be the first time that Her Majesty's Government has thus exhibited signs of forbearance. Indeed, the letter of Lord Clarendon to Mr. Marcy was intended to cover and justify such proceedings. The Palmerstosn Cabinet has outwitted us in fixing the issue. The facts are with u1s, but tllese are actually mwade unavailable by the manner in wvhich the issue has been precipitated iipon us. We have thus civil war in our own territorics, and a foreign war close upon us, throughl the blunders of a blundlering Government. Four wveeks more and our cominerce will be thrownl in.to disrepute; a pervading suispicion of the near approach of w ar will h.ave seized the poblt mind, and sacrifice and disaster w,-ill follow in all the relations of business. Now, let us contrastthis ahnost inextricableimbroglio wvith the great fact wnlhich Etares us all in the face, that the people of England and the United States are not only at peace, but th:ey are friends, socially, politically, and by thseh- hg,hest interests. They have always been united in promoting theiu- mutual advantges. They are bound together by industrial ties, to sever which would plunge both nations into ruin and death. But what aTe these facts in the view of such political traders and adventurers as Lord P'alnierstun, and M1r. Pierce, and Mr. Marcy? The former is the veriest trader in all Europe. His -whole effort is to build up Louis Napoleon in France; to gain by combination the control of theo world. If our officers have been insulted at the War-office of lNapoleon, let us look to the chief of the London Cabinet as 'he instigator. The enlistnment affair was originated to embroil its with England. It is the policy of the two Cabinets-London and Washington-to drive us into collision. Eigland united with France, our seaboard could be and would be enclosed. and our trade utt.erly reined for the titme b eing. And are these such trifling mnatters that the people here .and in Englandfriends, brothers, united by a coatmon origin, interest, and sympathies-are wgilling to be driven to wvar wvith e.ach other? T'he curse of the two countries is to be found in their polticians. REIo'RT ox TnMisrorrgrTioa.-Yesterday was published the first report of the Select Commnittee on fransportation, which contains merely the minutes of evidence taken by the said committee. These fill a space of lSO pages. The witn.esses ex amined included Hr. H. Waddington, Mr^ T. F: Elliott, Captain D. O'Brien, Captain J. S. Whitty, Colonel Jebb, R.E., C.B., Captain W. Crefon+r, ansd Earl Grey.
1REL.AND. (FBox OUR OWN COxR1RMONIENT.) DUBLIT, 3loxAvY MoRNuNG. A PASTOPAL. Another pastoral, and of gigantic proportions, from the prolific pen of Archbishop Cullen, was read yesterday from all the altars in Roman Catholic chapels of Dublin. Tie staple of the document was the usual denouncement of proselytizing societies, which, it is now admitted, have of late been making sad inroads upon the faith and morals of the flock over which Dr. Cullen heretofore exercised niibounded sway. In fact, to such an extent has this system of oppression reached, that the Roman church in Ireland, or, at least at head-quartera here mn Dublin, has taken the arm, and hencethe necessity of these frequent pastoral warningsagainst the da3ngers which threaten from without. UJpon the authority, it is believed, of Dr. Cullen hinmself, it is asserted that there are at present hundreds, if notthouRsands, of the children of Roman Catholc parents who are constant attendants at the Protestant free schools which are opened on all sides of the Irish metropolis. A.brief extract or two will sufficiently show how this state of things has operated upon the mind of the Papal delegate Though we are living in times of boasted toleration, and all that is liDeral and enlightened in 1rotestantism condemns the spirit of past persecution, yet the progress of our holy religion could not fail to excite the envy of the msalinant one, -who, not having succeeded in destroying our religion by violence, induces his followers to employ new and insidious arts, and, leaving the blood-stained track of aNero or a Diocletian, to walk in the footsteps of the perfidiouE Julian. We are no longer assailed by open persecution and cruel edicts, but we have amongus wolves in sheep's clothing, lying in wait for the tender lambs of the fold. Confiscation of property, exile, the rack, the sword, so often employed against our fathers, are no longer spoken of. Education, charity, the Bible, are now inscribed upon the banners of those whose bigotry and fanaticism in paet days delighted in persecution and blood. 'Under these false colours, assumed for the purpose of deception. asystem of pecuniaryproselytism, having for its objech to make converts by. bribes and gold, has been established by the many bigotted and fanatical haters of Catholicity who abound in this empire, and an active and insidious war is carried on against our ancient and venerable church. This war is not limited to Dablin or Ireland ; it has nothing personal in its object; it is a war against Catholicity, extending its ravages to the most distant regions of the continent. In every Catholic country, under one pretence ora:notber, English money is lavishly expended in endeavouriug to undermine the faith of the people and to introduce. a system of doubt and unbelie. We may doubt and unbelief, because Protestantism cannot be propagated, for it is ciursed' wvith sterility, and boas no vitality and no attraction in it. And,indeed, wherever the Catholic church is assailed noattempt iS heard of to substitute any new form of belief in place of her doctrines; and if an apostate be mnade be is left in darkness and uncertainty, and destined to. become, according to the words of our Divine Redeemer, a child of hell, twofold worse than the Pharisees who perverted him." After this display of temDer Dr. Cullen thus. glances at the affairs of the Holy See:- * Devotion to the Prince of Apostles, St. Peter, is now more necessary than ever. What incessant and vile attacks are made on his see and his saccessors! :Efforts are unceasingly made to strip them of their temporal dominions s necessary for the full independence and the free exercise of their spiritual authority. Those who are promoting proselytism among us are most active in their attacks on theHoly See, and it cannot be forgotten that their - founded charges and calumnies have been repeated in theBritish Parliament, or before the representatives of the European States, by mea who hoid the reins of power irt this emnpire. WVhile the head of the chulrch is assailed we cannot repine if wre have also to suffer. But inl such circumstances, it is our duty to cultivate a sincere devodon to tho Apostolic See, and to attach ourselves more firn-ay every day to that rock upon whEich Christ built His charch.' EECTRIC Co10d3f1MCAMON YWIT11 ANMRICA. Accounts from Cork state that the screw steamer Propontis, Captain Goodwin, is now at Qucenstow4n, -where she is coaling, having on board the sub-marine electric cable, to be laid down between Cape Ray, 1S=ewfoutndland, and Cape North, Cape iBreton Island. The length of this cable is 85 miles, and its. weight 170 tons. She has also on board the cable to be laid down between Cape Traverse, Prince. Edward's Island, and Cape Formauntino, New Brums-wick; length 13 miles, and weight 30 tons. The Icables are mtanufactured and are to be laid down by W. Kuper and Co., of London, under the direction of Mr. Canning, who, with his assistants, is on. Iboard. The formter failttre in layitng down the cable arose from the fact that it was on board of a vessel towed by a steamer; now it is on board the steamship itself, ancd there is no doubt'it will be effec- TuEsDAY ldommiNa. The affairs of this miserable swindle continue to afford ample occupation to the members of the legal profession, of each and every degree-judges, masters, barristers, attormeys, and agents. Yesterday there was a meeting in the office of the Master in Chancery forthe purpose of declaring a call of 401 per share, whlen counsel appeared to resist the call on the part of M!r. Wilson Kennedy, on the ground that he could not as yet be a proprietary of the company, as the appeal which hellad lodged from the decision of the Master to the Master of the. Rolls had not yet been decided. Counsel also appeared on behalf of one of the English shareholders, and, after some discussion, an order for a caU of 401. per share was formally made on all shareholders, excepting the 53 English objectors-the cases of lbr. Kennedy and Mr. Scully standing over until the English practice in cases such as theirs should be ascertained. Yesterday the Master of the Rolls announced that he would, some day next. week, give judgment in the matter of John Ginger, which is to decide the case of the English parties. In making this intimation the Mlaster of thle Rolls observed "There -were many facts patent in the caso -which required explanation, and there were a great many other facts of great importance which he (the Master of the Rolls) had discovered, but which seemed altogether to have escaped the notice of counsel. One of the affidavits that had been filed charged fraud distinctly, and there wmas one extraordinary fiction in the case about which the Court bad heard nothing. The case did not seem to him to ha-e been properly examined into. - The accounts rendered it difficult; to ascertain why the bank stopped at all, or why calls had been made; for nothing appeared on the face of them to show that the bank nmight not be in a position to pay 40s. in the 11. Altogether it would be necessary for the Court-to get information on various point3 so as to enable judgment to be pronounced." 87C,ULA-U RAIMWAY ACcEDErT. Dublin, its clubs, reading-rooms, and newspapers are this morning miiuts their usual daily supply of English intelligence by the accidental destruction of all the London journals of yesterday morning consigned to the agents in Ireland, and wviich should have reached last night by the express boat from Holyhead. From the meagre information which has been received it seems that a spark of fire from the engine of the express train from Chester got into the luggage van, and before assistance could be procured all the parcels of the Dublin agents were completely consulmed. As yet there is no account here of any further damage being sustained, but it is apprehended that the destruction vwas not linited to the newspapers. DECLINE OF Pr.vr'ER&ISf. There were in the Clonmel UInion workhouse, on the 1st of June, 1853, no less than 2,036 paupers; this formidable array of poverty showed a sensible decline in the subsequient years, until, at the corresponding period in 1856 the number sulk to 952, or less than one-half of the amount in 1853. A further decrease is shortly expected, but even at present the saving to the ratepayers is about 5,0001. per annum. The only drawback to the satisfaction afforded by these and similar returns is the fact that no commensurate reduction is made in the establishment charges, the -workhouse staff being kept up to the fuRl complerment, without half the duty to perform. THE FUNDS. Three per Ceot. Consols,* 03A '; ditto, for npew account, Sth of July, 94. t ; New Three per C-nt. Stook, 932 4; ditto, for new account, 8th of July. 951.; Bank- S tockl, 226A; City of Dublin Steampacket (1001.), 6lA.
THE IhDiAN DFAXT2JENT OF CA-NAA.-Thero have just been published copies of recent correspondence ont the alterations of the organization of the Indiau Depart. ment in Canada. These letters refer to a report fromi Mr. Oliphant, relative to the surrender of certain Indian lands on Lakc Huron, vith remarL-s on the prospects of tho Indians in Canada, and to a report from Viscount Boy on the state and prospects of the Indians, and the measures for the withdrawal of the aid hitherto granted by the Imperial I'arliamert. It appears that the yearly average of the sunis voted for defraying the espense of the Indian Depxartent in Canada during the seven years fromn 189 to 1855 was 1%8831., and the averag of the sumn actually expended flO6lt. a-year. It has long been settled that' tile gen,eral ' presents" to the tribes, in progress of annual reduction, sba]1 cease mn 1858, and this decision the Colonia-office declines to altcr, Eeeing. that a continuance of the presents was notrequired bygooi faith, and that it in no wise conduced to the welfare or civilization of the Indians. The Indian Department will stillbe maintained, and the Colonial Secretary thins itpro. bable that Pariiaoientvwill not object to an application for a sumn not exceeding 2,O00O. a-year in aid of the dep,artneat, andfor the purchase of provisions and gunpowder during a period of two or three years subseq3aent te the ceeration of thebreseut.s.
- PABLtAA!ENTAY I-T'ELLIGEYCE. HOUSE OF LORDS, TUESDAY, JUN-E 10. 2VQNGCONSECM1TTON OF BLANDFORD BURIAL- GROUND.-EXPLANXTLON. Lord PORTMAN begged to call the attention of their loidtaips to a subject, of which he had given notice to the right reV. prelate the Bliho of Oxford. lie wished to ir,ak in thec resence fta right rev. oDreIate certain tiatelle.ats w"'ih hiad conic to iis knowledge. He felt tha-t the righit rev, prelate would be obliged to him to :fforbd him an opVoltunity of explaining anything which he 3:t;ght hiave said in the heat e,f debate, aiising from an inaccuracy of mnemory. Buat the right iev. prelate having !stated to the House that he could place nio confidence in thie hearsFay stateiment Nhiich he (Lo,rd Portman) had made, he felt beund to state that the hearsay comimunication s%hich had been made to him, prior to Iast Thursday, had tEen since confirmed, HEt felt that lie had no claitn en their lordships9 attenrtion at any time, unless they believed tbat what he stated he himself be.lie%ed to be true. He pretended to nothing he3or.d making, a certain statement to their lordships, e,cn which he believed he could rely. He stated that there 'was no cominiunion table in the cbapel of the cemettry at W"oolwiclr. He relied on that statenieat fre,us the character of the party who gave ,hinm the information. But the right rev, prelate stated that, as an evewitness, there was a comniunion table. tThe Bishop of -Oxford intimated dissei,t.] He believed he was righit, althoughi the righit rev, prelate certainly was catutious in the wayin.which be alliuded to Woolwich. At all events the rig-ht rev,.prelate stated th~t thbere was a table. But it had been understood that there was not a communion table. But, s-aid the right rev. prelate, whether there was a conimunion table ornot it was nlot for himi to be certain aLnd whethier the cereimeny of consecration was according to hiis views or not-taking place, as it did, in the diocese of London-he should inot have thought it necessary to object ; but hie felt lie ought to have proceeded, though not in accordance with his own views, if it was essential -and was deemied to he an act of necessity. He (Lord Port-man) might quote a great writer on such a suibject as this, but he would not trouble their lordships by doing Ro, especiallly on -- matter in which he believed that no man wouldI feel himself warranted in doing that which wvas wrong. in mtatters of total indiflference, Or in matters signifying notig one ay or the other, he believed they-were at lbrty -toat as they please d; biit in matters essential the case was (liffernt The complaint in this case was the absence of the conilniunion table anid of the solemn service of the Communion, which was essential for the purpose of completing the consecration of the cemetery. He could not understand how, the right rev. *prelate w-aived his own oiinin deference to the Opinion of the Bishop of Lodn. He found in the journals of the day that the Chancellor of the dioces of London receiveel a fee of five guLineas for advisizng as to whether, under all the circumnstances, the proceedinDgs of consecrationl were strictly legal, whereby tIme bishop had thLe advantage of a legal adviser to see that all was right. Buit wiith a view to be correct, he had -written to the clerk- of the burial board at Woolwich, requesting informiation asq tothe real state of the facts, and froin the reply of that person ho was suire the right rev. prelate would feel that he had been midstak-en. The replvy of the clerk of the burial board -was in thesa word,; :-"'In reply to your iote of the 7th I beg to inform you that there is not a coimninmnion table in the chapel of the cemietery at WooIwich, and that the Holy Cousmunion was not celebratcd at the consecration of- the burialground."1 He hadl also received a letter from a Mr. Grey, a gentlemian who was unk-nowvn to him, whio stated that some years a-go the consecration. of a- cemetery took place in the diocess of Oxford, not e.nlv without a commnunion table, but -where there was nio chapel belonging to the cemnetery. Akfter hearing this, he wvas sure the righit rev, prelate would be glad to put himself right with their lordships on this point. The right rev, prelate hacl further charged him with inaccuracy in having attributed to his lordship a dliff'erence of practice froai that of the Bis-hop of Salisbury; wvith regard to whot,, he maig]t sy, in asing, tbat all these disputed matters were no liey o c arranged through the kidness of the Bisqhop of St. Asaph. Now, be thought that the ri.ght rev, prelate (the Bishop of Oxford) must have some-what f'orgotten a case which had been commirunicat-ed to him (Lord Portinan) by at gentlemnan personaldly unknown to him, Ymr. Grey, who stated that somne years ago the right rev. prelate consecrated a cemietery at Newbury in which there was no communion table. Ho appealed t-o their lordships to decide whether he liad been wrong in relyinguponhearsay in such miatters, and whether his opinion had not been continne by he tstimoy ofothes? IH felt exceedingly sorr tht h shold avebeenhel upto their lordships as havng urnshe thm wth rroeou iformation; and he trused tey ouldexcse hm fr hainggiven the right rev,preatean ppotuniy o putin hiself right with The Bishop of OXFORD said, the noble lord charged him with two inaccuracies : first, with having stated that there was a commiunion table at Woolwich, when there -was none ; anid, secondly, with having t-old the House that the usage in his diocese -was the samne as in Salisbury. Besides this, the nioble lordl charged him with having v-iolated his conscience (if his conscience were rightly inforomed) in adopting in the diocese of Lo4ndon the usage of thiat diocess when hie was acting in behalf of the Bishop of London. As to the first of thesa charges the facts wyere simply thes-e :- He wenit to the cemetery chapel at WVoolwich, tIle forni used in the dliocese of London being puit into his handI as the official document 4-'- hiq euiidance,< The in ,pi-efi-,dl to that documrent pro'vidled that the bishop, witli his chaplain, should be received at the door of the church or cha pel by thle cha-ncellor, registrar, niinister, churchwarden, or oth ers, and having proceeded in his robes to " the communion taible," the service of the day was then to be read by the officiating minister. Now, he had been duly- received in the form here prescribed, had beenl conducted in his robes to a chair placed beside a table covered with a decent redl cloth, and situated under the east window; his chaplain took his seat on the south side of the table ; and the officiating mainister then proceeded to read the service. He (the Biahop of Oxford) took it for granted that the table before his eyes was what the rubric called a communion table, and he appealed to their lordships -whether this was not a natural supposition, and w-hether it could he described by any other name ? (Hear, hear.) By to-day's post, however, he had received from the rector of Wool'wich a letter, stating that the isoble lordi had submitted to him a string of interrogat, ries as to whether the table in question was not a common dining table, whether is was not covered by a green baize cloth, and the like; in answer to which their lordships had heard that it 'Was a decent table, coveredi with a red cloth, suchi as these tables were commnouly covered with. It certainly appeare-d now that this table was not intende I to he left there ; and in the letter to whichi ho liad referre I the rEctor of Woolwich said, "I have evidently led you into a mlistake by the arrangement I made. As it was necessare, that a table shouldi be placed somewhere for youir convenience, and the place under the east window was the mos.. appropriate position for it, that part of the chapel was seected for the purpose. It certainly had all the appear ance of a communnion table." (Hear, hear.) A-)s to the seconi I allegedmnisrepresentation, he (tlleBishop of Oxford) had said, that the rule adopted in the diocese of Salisburyvwith regard to these cons-ecrationswas the same as that of bsOwn diocese. This statement wa~s strictly correct. It was true that many years ago, before lie had considered the suibject, he had consecrated the chapel at Newbury without a comnmunion, table. The service of his diocese had not then been drawn up, and when speaking last Thursday, he certainly did not think it necessary to state that, when young in office andi before he had considered the question, he had on one occasion not adhered to that rule. He dlid not think there was any material misrepresention in this. As to the tbird charge, that he had violated his conscience, because in an essential mnatter a anian had no right to do for another what he would not do for hiniself, this point all turned on the meaning of the words " essential.1 Ile held that by the canon lawv there was, no comiplete consecration of a cemetery, chapel, Or church without the celebration of the Holy Comnmunmon. The question was, supposing the Bishop of London only consecrated the cemetery, and did not consecrate the cemetery. chapel, was there any violation of rincipie in his saying that he would adopt the form usec in the dioces of L,ondon, which lefttha.ttchapel unconsecratEd? In his own diocese he had consecrated cemeteries without any chapel in them, in cases where there was a difficulty on the part. of the parishioners in building a chapel, anid of course there wa'i no Communion there. Hle certainly thought it a mistake that in any diocese a cemetery chapel should not be legally consecrated, so that it remained an unconsecrated building, in a consecrated cemetery, but he thouight he should be straining at a gnait if he refused his assistance to one of his right rev, brethren in Performing a ceremony of this sort, because that right rev, prelate thought proper to permit the' existence Of all unconsecratedl chatpel. The consecration s-ervice in the diocese of London did not set apart the cemetery chapel for the service of God ; it simply dealt 'With the burialground roundI about thle chapel. He trusted that the noble earl, having stated that all his anger to his right rev, frienid had passed away, would, after the explanation which he had just offered, extend an amnesty to him. It was very painful to him to think that any noble lordI should entertain anything like a grudge towards himi, anid lie couild assure their lordsahips that, although ehohad spok,en strong-lyin dEfen,ceofone of hisr rIgt rev, brethren, heLad no intention of misrepresenting thenloble earl. For his own part, lie felt strongly upon the suibject. Ho had for 10 years hadl the experience of the episcopal work. in lageagrculurl docee,andhehad found that the openng nd onseraton f chrchs ad caPels was t-he onlyopprtuity ffodedto te bsho topartake, in conjunctin wit his lergyand te lea ing emnbers of th-e lait, o th hoy scramnt.Tha prctie had in his own diocse eenattnde wih mst eneica results by giving of shogbtsecxperienccd, adb salsit2oeesi h church of Christ, and he should therefore deeply regret anything which miglht tend to the discontinuance of the practice. The Earl of MLUMESBUJRY could not refrain from taking the opportunity of reminding right rev. prelates &fthe IMportance and seriousness of the subject, and of certain points which he regretted to say might give rise to great inconvenience and some ill feeling. One of those points was the uncertainty which existed as to what were the intentions of the bishops generally withi regard to consecratlon, for there evidentlyexisteda great difference of opinion .among them upon the subject. He himself lived in a large parish in which the parish churchyard had been closed. It was considered desirable, as the parish was so extensive, to make tbree cenmeteries instead of one ; but then, by the act of Parliament, they would have been obliged to erect six chapels-a thing which they cwold not afford to do. He had himnself offered to give a piece of lanid for the purpose of making a cemetery, and he liad written to his diocesan, the Bisimop of Winchester, stating that lie could not afford to build a chapel, but asking him if he would consectate the piece of ground as a burial place, and that right rev. prelate hat declined to do so, upon the ground of there being no chapel. Now, he had understood the right rev. prelate opposite (thme Bishop of Oxford) that he had cocset rated a cemetery wit:L'nt its having any chapel, so that on that point there was & d&'.rence of opinion between the two ysht rev, prelate, He. did Aot pretend to say )yjgth o them was right, but he did think that the pubEc had a right tobe placed inpossess5ion of certain informxtion upon the subject, and more particulalrly at the present period, when 1 all the coanties w,ere making new cemeteries, and he should. therefore, like to ask the right rev, prelate if he would again onsecrate a cemetery which had no chapel upon it? The Bishop of OXFORD felt that there was great inconvenience inL answering questions of that kind offhand. Tho case in which he had consecrated a cemetery without a chapel was a somewhat peculiar one. It was in the parish of High Wycombo, and the cemetery was so near to the parish tbutch thattheportionof the funeralservicewhich wasusually performied indoors could be performed in the parish church. At that time, too, the parishioners had just built large schools and were pressed for money, and they had promoised to erecet a chapel in the cemetery at some future peried. The whol question appeared to him to be one of discretion, and, perhaps, the reason that his right rev. brother had refused to consecrate the groud referred to by the noble earl was that its distanco from the parish church rendeced it impossible for the indoor part of the service to beperformed there over bodies which were to be buried in the cemetery. As tothe consecration of private chapels, that wvould depend entirely on the peculiar circumstances of the ca-_ The Bishop of CASHELL could only say that, if it was necessary to celebrate the Sacrament at the consecration of a ehurch, then he had never consecrated one in his life. There was no religious ceremony essential to the consecration of a church. The real act of consecration was a civil act,that gave up in a solemn way a particular buiilding to be for ever devoted to the service of God. (Hear, hear.) He had kr.owN-n the Archbishop of Dnblin go to achurchto consecrate it, walk' in and sign the requisite paper in the regular manner, and then go away again. When afterwards asked why ho had not read the service he said. " Do you think that anything I could read would give to the building a holier character that it derived from the fact of its being giveniup to the service of God?" (Hear, hear.) Therewas, in fact, no fornis of consecration in the church service, and therefore diff'erent foreis were used in different dioceses. Whatever imight he the practice of the right rev. prelate (the Bishop of Oxford) he believed there had been hundreds of chlurches consecrated without the Sacrament. Lord DUNGANNON tlioughtit wvasmuch tobe deplored that there should be a division of opinion on the right rev. bench as to this important question, and he thought it high time that a definite mode of operation should be laid down. The right rev. prelate who last spoke referred to the conduct of the most rev. prelate the Archbisbop of Dublin. It was impossible not to admit the highs talents of that most rev. prelate, but at the same time it could not be disguised that there had always existed in his mind strong peculiarities of opinion. (Hear, hear.) Lord CAMPBEIL respectfully suiggested that as there was no likelihood of the present conversation tending to edificationithadbetterbestopped. (Hear, hear.) The subject was then dropped. UNITED STATES. The Earl of CARNARVON.-I inquired last night of Her Majesty's Government whether it was true, according to a rumour then in circulation, that a packet had within a few hours been received from the United States? My noble friend the President of the Council, -who was then in the house, stated that the Government had at that time received no official inforniation fron America, but he added that they expected news either last night or this morning. I think if the noble earl the Secretary for Foreign Affairs will state whether any important intelligence has been received from the United States, and, unless it be such as i would beunifit to communicate, inform your lordships of itsl nature, it wouild be acceptable to the House. The Earl of CLARENDON.-In an swer to the noble earl, I have to state that I received last night a letter from Mr. Crainpton, dated the 27th ult., and at the last moment saying that up to that hour he had received no intimation 'whatever of the intentions of the United States' Government. (Hear, hear.) The following bills were read the third time and passed Juvenile Convict Prison (Ireland), Public Health Supplemental, Hay and Straw Trade. The Draughts on Bankers Bill and the Pawnbrokers Bill passed through committee. The following bills were read the second time -Sherburn Hospital, Endowed School at Moulton, Magdalen Hospital (Bath), Stoke-Pogis Hospital. - On the motion of the Bishop of OXFORD a copy of the correspondence between the Bishop of Durham and the Charity Commissioners wvith reference to the Sherourn Hospital Bill was ordered to be laid on the table. 3IETROPOLITAN IMPROVEMENTS. Lord RAVENSWORTH asked whether it was the intention of Her Majesty's Government to introduce any new proposition for the accommodation of the public in this metropolis by improved facilities of communication, after the failure of the attempt to induce the House of Commons to sanction the estimates subnmitted to a committee of the whole House for carrying out such a design ? The Mlarquis of LANSDOWNTE, who was very indistinctly heard in the gallery, was understcod to say that a modified and inexpensive plan for facilitating the communication betwen Beigravia and Pall Mall was now under the consideration of the Government, and would in due time be submitted to the House of Commons. Thearqis of CLAITRICARDE trusted that the plan wold alsoe laid before their lordships. The IarquIs of LAN19DOWNl;. .M. fl1o QovOrnrnAni. would have no objection to submit the plan to both Houses. Theirlordsihips adjourned at 20 minutes after 6 o'clock.
I HOUSE OF COADIIONS, TUESDAY, Ju72'J 10. The Srnxgxg took the chair at 4 o'clock. PRIVATE BUSLNESS. 1'he Castle Douglas.and Dumfries Riilway Bill, Ceylon Railway Company Bill, and the Epsom and Leatherhead PRailway Bill were severally read a third time and passed. Upon the motion of Sir F. KELLY, the House resolved itself into conmmittee, and a resolution was agreed to permitting the introduction of the Earl of Perth and Melfort's Compensation Bill, and the House restumed. NEW WRIT. IJpon the motion of Mr. HAYTER, a new writ was ordered to issue for the borough of Leicester, in room of Mr. Gardner, deceased. PETITOlNS. Lord J. PUSSELL presentedapetition signed by upwards of 4,000 inhabitant householders of the city of London, in- luding upwards of 300 of the most wealthy and respectable firms, and 130 barristers. The noble lord stated that the petitioners expressed their appreciation of the value of municipal institutions; that they remembered that about 20years ago, when the municipal corporations of the country were refo.med, the city of London did not undergo any change; that they had seen with satisfaction the introduction of a bill upon the subject by a member of the Government. The petitioners also stated that they were not unmindful of the great benefits conferred upon the city of London by the corporation, and remembered that that body had stood by the rights and privileges of the citizens; bet all institutions were liable to abuse and decay, and they conceived that the corporation of the city of London reqnired reformation. They agreed generally with the provisions of-the bill, and were particularly glad to see a proposal to take away all power to levy street-tolls, although that power was not exercised at present. The petitioners rejoiced to find that coal dues and metage charges were to be abolished by the biU before the House. Theystated further that they desired that the Lord Mayor should be elected by the general body of the citizens, instead of by the Common Council. WVith these statements, the petitioners prayed the House to pass the bill speedily into lav. The petition was ordered to lie on the table. Mr. DISRAELI presented. a petition from the liverymen of London against the City Corporation Bill. The petitioners stated that they had heard with regret and surprise of the bill brought into that house, ostensibly for the purpose of effecting a better regulation of the corporation. They stated that if the bill passed into law they would suffer very great grievances, and prayed that they might be heard by counsel at the bar of the house. Considering the ancient relations between the House and the liverymen of the city of London, he (Mr. Disraeli) moved that the petition be read by the clerk at the table. The petition was accordingly read by the clerk, and was subsequently ordered to lie on the table. Petitions against the City Corporation Bill were also presented by Sir J. DUKE, from the Bl.acksmiths' Company and the Broderers' Company. Petitions in favour of [the abolition of capital punishments were presented by Mr. WILLCOX, from inhabitants of Southampton; by Mr. READLAI, from Newcastle-onTyne; by mr. J. C. EwVART, from a public meeting at Liverpool; by 3fr. BRAMLEY-MOOR, from the inhabitants of Maldon and its vicinity; by Mr. BASISs, froni inhabitants of Leeds; by hlr. STRL-TT, from a public meeting in Nottingham ; by Captain O'CONNELL, from the mayor ana burgesses of Clonmel; by 3rr. H,AICEy, from inhabitants cf Peterborough; by Sir J. JOIINSTONE, from Scarboroughby 3r. W'MA noN (3), from the inhabitants of the towns of Enniscortlhy and Gorey, and the borough of Wexford - by Mr. BLAND, from the inhabitants of the town of Edenderry, and from tbe town of Clara, in the King's County; by Captain SCOsELL, from inhabitasts of Bath by 3Mr. RSICHARDSON, fromLisburn and itsvicinity; by Mr. ALMGUIRF., from members of the Society of Friends and others, in Cork; by Mr. TIhALL from r>chdale* by Sir W MIl.NER, froni York; by Mr. Wccxsuml, from Bradfordby Yr. GIBsoN, from 2,693 inhabitants of Manchester by Mr. GnE}NALL, froni Warrington; and by 3r. W EWv\RT, fromn Stourbridge, Boston, Loutb, lisburn North Shlelds, Doncaster, and Ringsbridge, and from1the memnbers of the Society of Friends (which petition was read at the table of the house). Petitions were also presented by Mr. COUAN, in favour of the Tenant Right Bill, from the inhabitants of the parishes of Newbridge, Ballina, Kildare, Rathangan, Mlaynooth, Kile, and Lyons, in the county of Kildare; by Captain O'CO-NINELL, from the parish of Cahir, county of Tipperary, against -Juvenile Offenders Bill (Ireland); by Mr. SCIIOLEnELD (2), from Birmingham, praying for a revision of the authorized version of the Holy Scriptures; by Mr. CIILD, from guardians of Cheadle, Staffordshire, against the Scotch and Irish Pauper Removal Bill; by fr. AL.2ANDiBm HASTIL, from workmen of Glasgow, praying for a law declaring the arrestment of workmen's .wages illegal; fromn .5,173 inhabitants of Glasgow, praying for the repeal of the PublichouseAct (Scotland); by Colonel FFELSO-, from the .inhabitants of the burgh of J)yX t, county cf Fife, against Ike -Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; also, frons the paro- I ei iat boardof the parish of Auehterderran, against the Scotch andM IrisheuP s Bill; by Mr.CP&UURD, from inhabitantseof thetown of Carnarvon, praying that the Goyverutnent rants to the superior courts and the County Courts may be equalized in ooth, and that the jurisdiction of th-e County Courts may be extended to cases cognizable in CAeancery, to bankruptcy cases, to cases of wils, and other miscellaneous subjects of legal redress - by Mr. MeoDY, from Cuteombe, Somerset, against the abolition of olsurchrates vwithout an equivalent; by Mr. im\-nDLEy, from the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company, against certain clauses in the Public Health Bill; by SirK HF. DAVIE, from the office-bearers of the Free Church of North Berwick, Haddington, in favour of the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; by Mr. B. S-rsAaeorE, from Winterton, against the playing of military bands on the Lord's-day; by Mr. CROSSLEY from the Halifax Meclanica' Institution, in favonr of decimal coinage; and by Mr. TOLLEMACHIE from Nestos and Leighton, in the county of Chester, againt the Vaccination BilL CHELSEA-BRIDGE. Sir B. HALL said, he had been asked a question on a former evening by the right hon. member for Oxfordshiro (Mr. Henley) respecting Chelsea-bridge, and had promised to obtain further informatioll. He found that a sum of 5,500!. was advanced in 1853 towards the expenses of the bridge; and, on reference to an act of Parliament passed in 1846, be further found the Treasury was authorized to advance 65,0002., to be repaid fromi tolLs to be levied'napon the bridge. Therefore there would be tolls lupon that bridge, and the proceeds, after repaymeent of the 65,000., would be devoted to the purposes of metropolitan imuprovements. REFORM OF TEE ECCLESIASTICAL COURTS. Mr. HADFIELD asked the Solicitor-General what course ho intended to adopt respecting the Wills and Administrations Bill; whien he intended to proceed with the same; and whether it would be prosecuted to an issue during the present session? The SOLICITORGENER.1, said, his noble friend at the head of the Govermnent had promised himu that Monday, the 23d of this month, should be devoted to the second reading of this bill. It would ba the first order of the day, and he hoped the second reading would then take place. He had agreed with the hom. and learned memnber for Suffolk (Sir P. Kelly) to makoe some modifications in the Government bill, particularly with reference to facilitating the proof of wills by persons dying in the country, which he thought would render the prosecution of the hon. and learned gentleman's bill wholly unnecessary, and the hon. and learned member for Plymouth (Mr. Collier) had said that if he were assured it was the intention of the Government to prosecute their bill he did not intend to proceed with his bill. The Govermuent never entertained any other intention than that of diligently prosecuting the bill they had laid on the table; and, if it should be the pleasure of the House to read it a second time on the 23d inst., he hoped it would be pressed through committee, so as to go up to the House of Lords within the first seven days of July. (Hear.) INISPECTOR OF THE HOME DISTRICT. In reply to Mr. RoEBUsC, Sir CT. GREY said, lse had already stated in the house that on coming to the HIome-office last year he found a great ancar in tlse reports of the Inspector of Prisons of the Home District, Captain Williams. At the commiencemiient of the resent year reports were sent in, but only to tshe end of £852, and these reports were very deficient in the particulars which thecac required. necould not excuse Captain Williams from very seriouS blame nnd neglect of duty. THE M-EMORIAL OF THE GUARDS. In answer to Major SIRTIORP, Mr. F. PEEL said, a reply was sent to the memorial of the Guards, intimating that there was no foundation for the representations it contained. Everything resnained precisely the same as if no memorial had been presented, and, under the circumstances, he saw no advantage from maling public the reply. ST. PANCRAS WORKHOUSE. Sir T. PAKIN,GTON asked the President of the Poor Law Board wlsether any progress had yet been made in the correction of the great evils wbich had arisen from the crowded state and defective accommodation of St. Pancras Workhouse; and, if not, whetber he intended to take any steps to require and enforce the necessary improvements ? 3Ir. BOIUVERIE said, for the information of the right lion. gentleman and the House, he might state what had taken place since the right hon. gentlemiian had last aslce I the question. The report of Dr. Jones was forwarded t the directors of the poor under the local act for the government of St. Pancras in the month of February. On the 29th of the same month the Poor Law Board received a letterfrom the directors acknowledging the receipt of the communication, and stating that certain measures for improvemesits were contemplated being put in operation. On the 4th of March the Poor Law Board wrote, expressing their satisfaction at hearing measures of improvement were contemplated, and hoping no tinme would be lost. A mosith after that letter was written he thought it right to instruct the insDector of the metropolitan district again to visit the workhouse, and report what progress had been made. On the 22d of April the inspector's report was received, stating that no material improvement whatever had been effected upon the state of things reported on by Dr. Jones. The Poor Law Board then addressed a further letter to the directors of the poor, exipressing regret at 39nding no improvement made, and intimating that, unless very materia:l anc. -n-rannt-aA in - the condition of the workhouse, within two months the Poor Law Beard wvould issue a peremptory order for reducing the numbe- of persons in the workhouse. The twomonths would expire at the end of July. But he should, in iustice to the committed all these matters to other hands, and th, consequence W2, that the texture of the postaga labels was coarse, their colour bad, there was much 'difficulty in separating them, and, in s word, the English public had the worst article of the laind in all Europe at the very dearest price. (Hear, hear.) H: ad the arrangements been confided to Mr. Archer, the person best qrua ed to superintend the working of his own invention. the postage labels would have been 9truck off by a process of surface-printing similar to that used in the Bank of England, and a superior description of gunm would have been employed, instead of the filthy poisonous stuff that was now pvovided for us by the p3rental kindness of the Treasury. (AaUugh.) But the health of the people as well as th) claims ofjustice were disregarded to facilitate the perpetration of a disgraceful little job. The consequence was that an article M 'sproduced which vas a reproach to art. HE3 would leave it-to the candid deciion of the Secretary for the Treasury to sAy, whether the postage label used in England was not greatly inferior to snything of the same k;ind in France, or, indeed, in any other country of the world. [The hon. and learned member here handed a sheet of postage stamps to Mr. Wil3so, whio e.samined theDn very inutely. In order to understand the unfair manner in 'which Mr. Archer had been treated it wouldhe necessary to refer to the correspondence that had taken place between him and the Treasury. On the 30th of April, 1351, he wrote to Mr. Keogh to say that he was willing to undertake " "In conjunction with Mr. Blranston, who for nmanyyears held the appointment of engraver to the late Commissioners of Excise, to engrave, print, gum, and perforate the sheets of postage labels, and to find and prepare all the necessary prmting machinery, plates, and apparatus, and also all perforatmg machines that may be required (except thepresent) for the sum of 4.d. for every 1,000 stamps." As this propcsal; however, refelred to a mode of enRraving and printing materially differing from the one then in use Mr. Archer proceeded to make. some - remarl-s in reference to the comparative merits of the two systems, and, having done so, concluded his letter by stating that should, "The t.commissioners deem it advisable not to change the present mode of engraving and printing the labels, he was prepared to undertake to engrave and print the same according to the existing plan, and also to gum and perfo- . rate them, and to find all the necessary printing machinery and plates, with all the usual guarantees required, for the sum of 5d. for every 1,000 stamps; so that, even accor n to the latter proposal, the commissioners would be enablea to save the.Post-office 1,500!. per annum." The Board of Inland Revenue had this letter in their hands on the 16th of May, and mark how they proceeded. Iastead of putting themselves in communication with Mr. Archer, or offering the contract to public competition, they took a most disingenuous course, for on that very day they 'wrote a letter to their old engravers, M~lessrs. Bacon Fwitch, revealing the terms on which MIr. Archer had offeredto do the work, The comm cationwasto this effect-theboard desired to know whether Messrs. Bacon and Petch were willing, in consideration of the great increase inthe quantityof stamps required sinceethe previous agreement wras entered into, to redueetheir charge from 6d. to 5d. per 1,000. This was the course taken when an offer had been made by a man unknown to the Treasury to do far more work at a cheaper rate, and ona better principle. The bargain vith Messrs. Bacon and Petch was clinched, and a contract made with them for five years. This proceeding was partialv brought before the committee on which the hon. rnember for Dirmingham sat, and that body came to the opinion that it was inexpedient, while Mr. Archer's tender had been sent in, to communicate its terms to any other person 'who had been a contractor for the same work, or who proposed to become such. That was averydeheate censure of a transactionwhich deserved to be stigmatized as unjust-iniquitous. (Hear.) The committee further reported that, in renewing the contract with Messrs. Bacon and Petch, it was not necessary, neither was it for the interest or the convenience of the pubhc, that it should have been made for five years. A discussion arose in the committee as to the best mode of printing the postage labels, and three of the most scientific witnesses declared that the system of surface-printing must ultimately prevaiL Yet the Government alleged that they could not help themselves, being bound by their contract with Messrs. Bacon and 1etch for a period of five years, and thus a clear profit actnaly exceeding the salary allowed to the Prime Minister, or more than 5,0001. a-year, was secured to these gentlemen ! The contract entered into with Messrs. Baccsrand Petch having been printed by order of the House, a copy of it was submitted by Mr. Archer to Mr. V. WilEams, whose legal opinion, together with that of another eminent barrister, was, that the compact was not binding en the Treasury forfive years. Still the extravagant arrangement went on, and enormous profits were pocketed by the contractors, because competition was precluded. The particulars of this job were not yet exhausted -worse still remained. Mr. Archer, persevering inhis views with regard to surface-printing, caled on Mr. . Sill, a secretary to one of the boards which undertake to spoil this mattcr (a laugh), and explained the facts to him. The process of surface-printing was adopted in the Bank of England with the greatest success, and Mr. Hill personally witnessed its practcal operation in that establishment. Admitting, for the sake of argument, that the Treasury were restricted by the contract for five years, as far as concerned the mostage labels, yet they rnight have subjected the receipt laesh to the open competition of t trade. eM. ill was the partner of Mir. Delarue, the stationer, in a patent for cutting envelopes; but, obtaining an excellent Government appointment, he immediately sold his right to the patent, and gave to his former co-partn,er, at the modest price of N'. per 1,000, the contract which an ex~ pert man offered to execute by a superior process at 2.d. per 1,000. The respectable stationers in the city had no confidence in the contract system l Fhe_GllvernmerLt, which- - they averred was not carxied out openly by public advertisement. In the estimates which h,a i-o-.u 1 f-o +,. , I aT , year, the total sum required for postage labels was 29,0001., of which 8,0001. was for the manufacture of a newv postage stamp for the conveyance of newspapers. Ho supposed the latter sum was for the manufacture of a die for the impression of stamps upon newspapers, and, if so, a very handsome article of that description could be procured for 501. Who, then, had got the 8,0001.? He wanted to find out the whole truth if he could, although he would not say that he should succeed in doing so; but, at all events, if the committee he asked for were granted, he would rely upon the good sense an d feeling of the memlberawbvho composedait to assist hium. All the justice Mr. Archer had received had been from the H{ouse, and not from the departments. \At first, the dep.artments squeezed from that gentlesan the entire right to his patent; then refused him a licensethen deducted 300!. from the 4,000L they offered him, ousted him from the contract, and yet made good use of his principle for receipt labels ; and then gave another person three tines the amount for which he was willing to give them a good and satisfactory article. He (tr. Whiteside) would like to inquire into those matters, and doubted not but that some interesting cosumunication betwveen some persons would transpire, the result of which was that one party obtained a contract which was wvorth something more than the salary of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. He had brought forwvard this subject upon no grounds of personal or political nature, but simply relying upon the good sense of the House to do justice; and he had no doubt but it would give the whole ease a fair consideration, and after hearing what the Secretary for the Treasury had to say in reply, would, he hoped, grant him the committee he moved for. He did not mean to say that the hon. gentleman the Secretary to the Treasury was a party to the job, but he hoped that hon. gentleman would not attespt to defend that 'which was indefensible. If, however, tse hon. gentlemanishould succeed in proving to a committee that the departments were free from blame, lie (Mr. Whiteside) would be the first to admit the validity of the defence, and to compliment the hon. gentleman uponhisskill inprovingit. (Hear.) The hon. and learned umembiher concluded by moving for a select comnittee to inquire into the circumstances of the purchase of the machine and invention for perforating postage labels by the Government from Mr. Archer, the inventor; and also into the circumstances under which the existing agreements between the Government and the contractors for gunisg and printing the postage and receipt labels were made. Mr. WILSON said, the hon. and learned gentleman had only done him justice in acquitting him of any participation in a job. It was right in the first place the House should understand who really was responsible for the report of the committee which had been alluded to. That committee prosecuted its inquiries in April and May, 1S52. Lord Chamidos, a Lord of the Treasury, under Lord Derby's Government, than whom a more painstaking member never sat upon a conimittee, presided. (Hear.) Therefore, the parties reallyresponsible for that report were Lord Derby's Government. He (AMr. Wilson) wvas not acquainted with all the circumstances of the carly history of these transactiosis, buti lie apprehended that lwhat had taken place before that report was made need not now be inquired into. The committee recommended that Mr. Archel's patent should be purchased for the benefit of the nation, and certainly did make souie observations condemnatory of some former proceedings. The colleagues of the hon. and learned gentleman in the Government, in consequence of that report, then offered Mr. Archer terms which were not acceptable to that gentleman. In 1853, when the right'honl. gentlemanthemnbeciberfortheUniversity of Oxford (Mr. Gladstone) was Chancellor of the Exchequer a deputation waited upon him to impress upon hinm the necessity of purchasing the patent. the highest and most liberal ofler of the preceding Government had been 2,000., coupled with some offer of a coummission upon the sale of postage stamps. The right hon. meniber for the 'University of Oxford then made offers to Mr. Archer. Upon the 24th of May a minute was made, signed by himself (Mr. Wilson), to the effect that the Chancellor of the Exchequer having arranged with Mr. Archer for his patent at a price of 4,000!., Mr. Greenwood, the assistant-secretary to the Treasury, was requested to take the necessary steps to obtain a legal assignment of the patent. The assistant-sclicitor of the Treasoiry did accordingly place hisself in communication with that geatleman, who, however, 'wished to stipulate that, in accepting the 4,0001., ho should be at liberty to appeal to Parliament or the Government for a larger sum. The Government required a perfect and entire assignment of the whole rightwhich Ir. Archer had in his own invention. Mr. Archer, being informed of that by the Solicitor of the Treasury, undertook at once to make the assignment com- Iete, but stated that he had certain charges to pay which e had incurred in the prosecution of his inventions. The hon. and learned gentleman would lead the House to believe that the Treasury took care not to pay Mr. Archer any money until thoso creditors were paid. The fact wS they had a legal mortgage on tho patent, and the Solicitor of the Treasury said he must see them satisfied before the Government paid Mr. Archer tl:e money. The Solicitor of the Treasu wrote to tie Seeretary of the Treasury on the 20th of Y.ne, stating that th'. assignment had becn prepared, that a former 3ortgago of 3CO. had been paid off, and that Xr. Arcbor must s the receipt on tho assignment when he received the money. Mr. Archer did' sign the receipt on tLe back of the assignment, tho mo',ey was paid, ad the transaction was coneluded. _rje admitted that llr. Archer wanted to coufine the transfer to the right r.f perforating postage stamps; but tlrat was at once refused. The Govern- meut felt they w-oukd not have been perforning their duty if theyhad not required an ibsolptie aaffigaemtt °f thq pateqt alrectors ol tloe poor, wvho, he believed, were really anxious to carry into effect material measures of impro rement-in jnstice to them. he should read a letter from the senior churchwarden and chairman of the dircetors. It was as follows:- I beg to inform you that, althouigh the present guardians have been in office only two nionths, vast improvements have been effected. The relieving-office has been enlarged and ventilated and adapted to a new system of out-door relief, to prevent crowding and waiting. Many improvemeats in the arrangement and management of the workhouse have also been effected, and thc schools will be removed in a short time. It is only right that Ishould stateit would be unfair to the new directors not to do so-that they are doing all they can to alter the wretched state of affairs which they found on coming into power." He believed the directors were anxious for improvement, although they had difficulties to encounter, not being absolute directors, but having to refer to and fro to their vestry; and he hoped with the creditable disposition of these "entlemen, that material and effective changes would soon me made. (Hear.) Sir J. PAINGTON hoped it would be known that, if improvements were not made within two months, the Government had the power to compel the directors to effect them. Mr. BOIUVERIE said, they had certain power over the officers of the wvorkhouses, but no direct power over the directors of the poor. CLERKIS OF NISI PRIUS RN DUBLIN. Mr. KENNEDY asked the Attorney-General for Ireland whether it was the intention of Her Majesty's Government to take any steps for providing an increase of salary for the clerks of Nisi Prius in Dublin, in consequence of the increased duties and expenses imposed on them-I, by the establishment of the Consolidated Nisi Prius Court in Dublin; and, 2, by the act called "The Common Law Proceduru Act i" Mr. J. FITZGERALD said, to make any alteration legislation would be necessary, and, having regard to the position of Irish business and the facilities given, he did not think it wise to add another to the string of bills upon the paper for the present session. The matter was under consideration with regard to these and other officers, with a view to place them on a permanent and more satisfactory footing. AUSTRALIAN MAILS. Mr. MACARTNEY asked the Secretary to the Treasury what provision wouild be made for the conveyance of the Australian mails between England and Suez, in case parties tendered for carrying the mails to Sydney from Suez via Point de Galle? Mr. WILSON said, there was at present a contract existing with the Peninsular and Onental Company for carrying mails to Suez, and that included and contemplated carrying Australian mails to Suez. If a new contract were made for carrying nsails from England to Australia the Peninsular and Oriental Company, having the advantage of the present contract, would probably take the second contract and be }aid twice for the same service, as far as the carrying to buez was concerned. If new companies established a direct line of communication between England and Australia rid Suez, which would be of great advantage, the Government would have no objection to send a mail bag by their heats. ANNUITIES BILL. This bill was brought in and, on the motion of the CaLxN CELLOB of the ExcilEQuER, read a first time. PUNISHMENT OF DEATI. Mr. EWt,ART, in rising to move for a select committee toinquireintotheoperation of thelaw inposingthepunislsment of death, said he wished he could have brought this subject before the House undisturbed by any great external sensation, such as had been caused by the recent trial which hadattracted somuch of the attention of the country. He was not, however, as a member of the Legislature, responsible for these circumstances, and, in compliance with what he considered to be his duty, he once more ventured to bring this question beforethe House. He simply asked for a committee to inquire into the operation of the law that imposed the punishment of death. The advocates of the repeal of the punishment of death mainly based their argument3 upon the uncertainty of the punishment of death. Tbis uncertainty hsad increased and was increasing. Juries were less inclined to find verdicts of guilty. In all cases of infanticide juries now refused to find verdicts or murder; yet who were Parliament to protect if not the unprotected ? If they looked to some recent sentences, they miight almost begin to suppose that women were to be in future exempted from the operation of capital punishment Many gentlemen took a preliminary objection on religions;, or athtr theological, grounds to an investigation of this sub,ect He deprecated the introduction of theological question int the arena of that house, but he felt quite con. vinced that the repeal of capital punishments wonld be in conformity with the spirit of the Gospel. The question wa. whether it was expedient to retain the punishment of death. What war the best definition of punishment? To be real and valid,punishment ought to contain tkAese essential:-In the first place, it ought to be effectiv wast wa to say, it loard of science would be productive of advantage in the promotion of science. A remark made by Professor Liebighas been quoted, to the effect that there is a great difference between England and Germany in this-namely, that while here we look to the practical application of Ecience, in Germany they look more to the theoretical advancement of the principles of science. Well, but it seems to me, that this is a contrast more strikiag in words than in things, because, how are you to carry forward to ariy great extent and to any successful results the ractical application of science if you do not mai{'e advances in the theory upon which that practice is to be founded ? (Hear, hear.) Practice without theory is only, in other words, theory without the grounds upon which theory should be founded; and, therefore, I think Professor Liebig's observations have not the force which my hon. friends behind nie would attribute to them. We are certainly an eminently practical nation, and we study the theory of science not with a view simnply to abstract reasoning, but with a view to its application to the purposes of life and to the material interests of the country. (Hear, hear.) I can only say that the Government will be at au tules most thankful to any persons who can su-est to them anything within the competence of Government to propose or within the scope of Parliament to entertain which can tend really tothe advancement of science; but I think, as my hon. friend has drawn the attention of Parliament to the subject by his speech, and has elicited the p inions which have been expressed in the course of this debate, he will, perhaps, think he has done enough, at all events in the present session, and that it would not be advisable to press his motion to a division, the result of which would be to involve theap rasn ce of a difference of oninion wheretherereally existed no difference at alL (Hear, hear.) Air. HEYWOOD, in reply, commented on the injustice to the public of paying the Attorney and Solicitor Generals in part out of the patent fees, and expressed a hope thae the salaries of these two eminent legal advisers of th Crown would be placed on a better footing. It had been said that he proposed no definite plan. Now, one object which he wished should be kept in view was the introduction of scientific instruction into the endowed grammar schools throughout the country, from which at present the study of modern science was entirely excluded. He had no objection to withdraw the motion for the present and repeat it early next session. The motion was accordingly withdrawn. THE LAWS RELATING TO MARRIED WOME?. Sir E. PERRY, in rising to move certain resolutions with regard to the laws relating to married women, said thit 70 petitions had been presented to that House upon the subject during the plresent session, one of which was signed by no less than 3,000 women, including among them the names of many ladies eminent in literature, and of others wyho from their peculiar experience were well qualified to form a correct opinion on the subject. The present law of England, as regarded married women, was a disgrace to the age, and that state of the law had been arrived at by gradual stages. At the present moment the maxim of the commonlaw was thatamarried womancouldholdno personal property, while a court of equity recognized a separate property in married women, and the question which he wished the House to decide was the settlement of that conflict. It was said that no change was necessary, because where there was property trustees and courts of equity interfered, and where there was none no protection was necessary; but to niaintain that argument was to assert that there ought to be a different system of law for different classes of society, and that House would never agree to such a principle. The practical grievances caused by the present system were very great. A man might leave his wife and live in adultery, and if the wife were able by her i;-dustry to establish a business, lie might return and take from her all the fruits of her exertions, and that under the sanction of the law of England. All reflecting men agreed in thinking that this state of things ought not to be allowed to continue; and, though it would be rather a Quixotic undertaking for a private member, unless supported by the influential members of the House, to undertake the task of reform, still it woluld not be very difficult to discover or to apply a remedy. All that was needed was to abolish the artificial rile laid laid down by tle comuiLon law, and allow the property of married wosenu to be dealt with by the same ruies as all other property. lIe hoped the Attorney-General would give his attention to the subject, and would introduce a comprehensive mcasure of reform. Theresolutions wvhich he had ventured to submit to the House were not based on any fanciful theories of the "rights of woinen," but on consideratson of justice and cquity, and on those alone. The hon. and learned niember concluded by moving the following resolutions:- " That the rules of the common law, which give all the personal property of a woman on marriage, and all subsequently acquired property and earnings, to the husbassd, are unjust in principle and injurious in their operation. " That the principles of courts of equity which recognise separate property in a married woman, and invest her, with respect to such property, with all the.rights of ownership, are in accordance with the requirements of the age, and in conformity with the opiniions and usages of the wealthier and better instructed classes of society. " That, in the opinion of this House, the conflict between law and equity oni the subject osight to be terminated by a general law, based on the principles of equity, whih shold apply to all classes." n Lord STANILEY seconded the motion. The ATTORNEY-GflNERAL said, he cordially concurred in the resoluitions moved by the hon. and learned member. He quite agreed that the rules of the common law were injurious and unjust. that they w 1r >lo 5ootor applicable to the present state of society, that thle rules acted upon by the courts of equiity were usuch more consistent with tho requirements of the age, and that the conflicting ines and principles of the two systems ought to be brought into unison. On the other hand, he would urgo the hon. member not to press the House to adopt these resolutions, for, if it were proposed to amend the la-w in a matter of this kind, it would be muich better to proceed by.introducing a b:!l for the purpose than by calling on the House to discuss absts-aot resolutions, which -was in fact making it neither more nor less than a debating society. (Hear, hear.) He had communicated with the Lord Chancellor upon the subject, and that noble lord fally concurred witlhhium in thinking that the tine had come when the common law and equity ouglht, upois this poiiit at all events, to be reconciled. (If ear, hear.) The best attention of the legal authorities connected with the Government would, during the recess, be given to this subject, aiid he hoped that in thie next session of Parliament they should be able to introduce a satisfactory measure upon the subject. He might take that opportunity of saying tbat he should look upon such a nieasure, if it were passed, as ouuly a part of a far greater one, for which tle time had fully arrived-vi?, the removal of the inconsistencies existing between commcn law and eqaity, by suaking tise more rigtid and stubborn maxims of the comrmon Iai- consistent '-ith equity-that was, with reason, justice, and commoni. sense. He hoped that his hon. and learned friend (Sir E Perry) would be satisfied with the assurance which he had given him, and would not press isd resolutions. illr. MATINS was somewhat at a loss to know whlat the lion. and Iearned gentleman opposite desired. If all that was sought was the assimilation of the roles of law and equity, that mnight be done by thie simplest possible enactment. But if itwere sought to set up separate establishments in every houselhold, the obtject -was equally contrary to the laws of England and of God, which declared that husband and wife were one. Already a man might by the simplest instruiient contract with lis lvife before marriage that her property, present aisd future should be for her separate use; and he might also during her overture enter into a similar contract vith her friends or relations. If a woman had not so much confidence in a man as to place her property at his disposal, subject only to suclh restnctions as might thus be imposed, she ought to refrain from marrying him. As to the carying on of business by a wife, it surely would not be contended that she should be entitled to set up a business perfectly separate from and in defiance of the wishes of her husband. If she entered into the business with his conisent he might contract with her that she should be, so far as that business was concerned, a fc'anue sole; and this would protect her profits against any one but the creditors of her husband, against whom the hon. and learned gentleman (Sir B. Perry) would not, he imagined, say that the wife onght to be a separate person. There were, indeed, some who thought that the whole doctrine of the separate use of a iaried woman was founded up.on a false prinlciple; and, ivithontt giving an entire assent to that opinion, he must protest against the doctrine tha?t the interests of society were involved in giVing to the w if e an establisliment or an interest separate from that of the husband. Mr. MUNTZ reminded the hon. and learned member for Wallingford that the necessity for an alteration of the law arose from the impossibility of a separation, under any circumstances whatever, in time case of a poor man and his wife. He himself knew several instances in which profligate husbands had squandered the property acquired by their wives to whose support they did not contribute one farthing, and lie thought justice demanded that when the conduct of a mnan u-as such that his wife could not live with him he should not be entitled to seize the fruits of her inmhsistry. The SOLICITOI-GENERAL said that the real state of the law bad not been represented by the hon. and learned 1 mcmbcrforWnlingfordwithhishusualaceuracy; whilo, onthe other hand, he could not congratulate the hen, and learned member for Devonport on the clearness of his resolutions, with respect to the evil that required to be redressed. The commnonlaw on an occasion of marriage made a qualified cift of the property of thia wife, present and future, to the miusbaud. The qualification consisted in the property being given to the hus and, subject to the obligation of maintainbg the wife; but tlse defect of the common law lay in the circumstance that it made no provision to compel the husband to perfornm that obligation. The true evil, therefore, was-and it was one that cried loudly for a remedy-that the husband, abandoning his duty, might totally neglect the oblgation of maintaining his wife while possessing himself of all her pronesty. In that respect, if the resolutions of the hon. an. learned member for Devonport had been properlyworded, theywould have contained a proposition ighly deserving the attention of the House-not with a view to the introduction of a new principle into the law, as the hon. and learned member for Wallingford supposed, but to enable thc law to carry out its own hiunane principle, and to prevent that hardship which arose from the circmumstance that, wwhle the law imposed an obligation in words, it supplied no means by which that obligation could bh enforced. (Hear, hear.) There was another particular in which there vras a difference between the rules of law and those of equity, and in which he thought it would be desirable that law should adopt the principles of equity. In the case of property acqusred by a wife during marriage, when there had been no settlement made for the fulfilment of the obligation imposed bythe common law, equity interposed when the property could be got only through the medium of a court of equity, and refused to as;st tho husband in obtaining possessioi of the pro- Verty, unless hle consenten to dedicate part of it to the maintenance of his wife. S, ' was one mode in which the courts of eauity endeavoured to ..,ure that which the comrmon law required-the performaance of the duty imposed cpon the husband to provide for the si,'svort of the wife; and it well deserved consideration whethei shat rule should not be made universal and applied to all projeix,. whether obtained by the husband through the medium ^t Courts of equity or not. (Hear, hear.) HIe confessed, at t'i8 same time, that he had some misgivings with regard to the ee74Dh to which courts o. equity had carried the doctrine of separti tion of interests. (Hear, hear.) He raigt mention, as an example, one case which occurred not long ago. On the occasion of a marriage a large property was settled for the separate maintenance of the wife. The wife ran away with an adulterer. The husband obtained a divorce a rincuto, and, although there were several children by the marriage, aU ibe property settled for the separate maintenance of the 'wife went to the adulterer, and not one farthing could be applied to the support of the children. (Hear, hear.) Hle jould not therefore desire to see that general assimilation 'ehich seemed to be suggested in the imperfectly worded resolutions of the hon. and learned member for Devonport. But the subject deserved the most careful consideration, and when the bill which at present engaged the attention of the other branch of the Legislature on the subject of marriage and divorce came down to that house, it might not be impossible to insert a provision securing to married women Meho were deserted by their husbands the right of enjoying in safety the fruits of their own industry. The question lay too much at the foundation of all our social interests, and was too closely connected with the very constitution of society itself, to be dealt vith lightly, rashly or by piecemeaL (Hear, hear.) He trusted, therefore, that the hon. and learned member for Devonport would accept the assurascegiven by the Attorney-General, that the subject rould not escape attention, and, entertaining the hope that something might be done when the M1arriage and divorce Bill came down from the House of Lords, would withdraw a series of resolutions 'which certainly were not framed in such a manner as to put the real question clearly and distinctly before the House. (Hear, hear.) Air. WHITESIDE concurred with the Solicitor-General in thinking that there was a loud call for an amendment of the law, and expressed the hope that sormebody might appear with vigour and capacity to remedv an evil so much deplored. Tho discussion which had taken place that evening showed how important it would be to have a Mfinister of Justice capable of dealing with such questions, in order that Parliament might not alwavs be deploring the existence of evils, but might be in a condition to apply speedy and practical remedies. (Hear, hear.) Mir. J. G. PHILLIHORE trusted that the hon. and learned member for Devonport would not press his resolutions to a division. It appeared to him that the remedy for the evil was to be found more in an amendment of the laws of narriage and of divorce than in the precise measure suggested by the resolutions. The imnportanco of maintaining the identity of husband and wife could not be overrated, and he agreed with the SolicitorGeneral that courts of equity, in their desire to protect the rights of married wcmen, had carried too far the doctrine of separation of interests. As to the lower classes, the remedy would be found in a change of the law of divorce. The remedy he would propose wvould be to give the same judicial authority which authorized a deed of separation power to make a separation between the property of the wife and tbat of the husband. This would put an end to the dreadful evils whicl now flowed from the difficulty a wife found in separating from a brutal husband. (Hear.) Mr. COLLIER thought the only way to prevent fragmentary attempts at law reform like the present wvas to appoint a M1inister of Jlustice. Mr. W. J. FOX considered it absolutely necessary to provide aremedy for those cases of cruel hardship which continually arose from husbands first deserting their wives, and afterwards seizin upon any little property which they might have acquired. Ln humble life such cases were of frequent occurrence and they were not unknown to higher classes. An instanco had been made public of a woman who had landed property to the extent of 4001. or 5001. a-year, and 'who married. Her husband died, and the property went to his heirs-at-law, leaving her in a state of destitution. He night mention the case of the celebrated Mrs. Siddons, who, afteraccuinulatilga large fortoneby herbrilHiant talents, had to beg herbusband not to leaveherdependenton others byhis nmode of disposing of the property. (Hear, hear.) The freouent publication inthenewspapers of such advertisements as these, "I, the undersigned, will not be answverable for the debts of my w.ife," showed the general pressure of the evil which it was nowv proposed to remedy. He hoped, however, his hon. aud learned friend -would not press his resolutions. He had heard with pleasure the speech of the AttorneyGeneral, and trusted that something would be done towards the removal of this great social evil. Mr. T. CHAMBERS thought that. whatever might be the number and pressure of the grievances complained of by his hon. and learned friend, they would bear no comnparison to the naischiefs that would followv from the assertion of the vicious principle involved in the resolutions before the House. All the evils to which his hon. and learned friend (Sir H. Perry) referred arose from a breach of the obligations of religion and moraUty in the soarried state; but the proposal nowbeforethe House would give the force of law to evils infinitely greater. No doubt the evils which now existed requiredremedy andought to beattendedto; but to introduce inito every house in England the principle of separate rights, separate interests, and a separate legal existence between man and wife, was to nullify and destroy the law of marriage altogether, so far as regarded its sacredness and sanctity. (HTean. hear.) The publication of such advertisementsas "Iwillnotbe responsible for the debts of my wife" show ed that it was not~ nlwny= r;^ drunken husband who commuitted wrong, but that there were numerous instances mnwhichauman homewasmadewretched by the profligacy of a drunken wvife. Evils existed on both sides, and they sprung from the breach of the laws of morality and religion; but the evils wv .ich -would spring from the proposed alteration of the law would be far worse, for they would be the resullt of legislation. He thought the SolicitorGeneral took a right view of the question, and trusted that he would be able to effect a sufficient remedy. Sir E. PERRY would have been delighted with the assurance of his hon. and learned friend the Attorney-General had it not been followed by the speech of the Solicitor-General. (Hear, bear.) He was afraid, looking at that speech, that yea-s nmght elapse before a satisfactory marriage lav would be carried out; but stil he had such confidence in the Attorney-General that he would wiithdraw his resolutions, and look forward to a speedy rectification of the evils which he had pointed out. (Hear, hear.) The motion was then, by leave, withdrawn. POSTAGE LABELS. Ar. WHITESIDE, in moving for the appointment of a select comnmittee to inquire into the circumstances connected with the purchase by the Government from Ar. Archer, of tlhe machiue aid invention for perforating postage labels, said, that a few years ago Mr. Archer invented a machine for facilitating thelseparation of postage labels, and, believing that the invention would be successful, he applied to a public department with the object of effecting its sale. Such a transaction would doubtless have been arranged by miereantile men in a quarter of an hour, but unfortunately Mir. Archer had to deal with threo great departments of the State-the Post-office, the Commissioners of Iinlaud Revenue, and the Treasury. A lengthened correspondence took place between Nr. Archer and the public departments, w-%%o could not be persuaded that the invention would be practicable and useful. Eventially, through the intervention of Mr. Keogh, Secretary to the Board of Inland Revenue, an agreenient was concluded to this effect:- " The Commissioners of Inland Revenue agree with Mr. Archer for the purchase of two machines for separating postage labels, on condition that he is not to be repaid the cost of tho sanie, or conipeasated for his invention, until the plan is brought into successful operation." When the success of the invention had been demonstrated Air. Archer applied to the Board of nlrand Revenue, and, after having bestowed three years' labour, and expended 1,5001. in perfecting the machine, that departnent offered him 1001. Afterwards they made him another offer of 3001.; and, gradually incre§asing in their bids, the Secretary to the Treasury (Ar. Wilson) eventually offered the inventor 2,0001. After three years' labonr and the expenditure he had incurred Mr. Archer was stubborn and determined, but the public departments were inexorable. They knew they had to deal with a mian who possessed no political influence, and who had nothing but his abilities to recommend him, and they therefore deterniined to put the screw upon hiin. At last the right hon. member for the University of Oxford (Mr. Gladston) became Chancellor of the Exchequer, and seeingthatthe in ventiont would be useful to the country be offered Ar. Archer 3001. a-year, a snare of the proceeds of the postage labels in proportion to the quantity issued, and a sum in hand. Subsequently that right bon. gentleman offered Mr. Archer 4,0001., and after some four or five years' negotiation an arrangement was effected which, according to the terms of the agreement, related to postage labels. Air. Archer foresaw that his invention would be useful for perforating bank-ers' checks, and had, he (Mr. Whiteside) understood, entered into contracts with certain bankers in the city to apply his machines to that urpose, believing that his agreement with the Board ef Inland Revenue extenided only to the application of the in- venton to postage labels. Soon after Mr. Archer effected an arrangement with the then Chanc"llor of the Exchequer (Mr. Gladstone) that right hon. gentleman busied himself with the invention of fresh modes of taxing the community. The right hon. gentleman hit on the ingemous expedient of introducing a penny receipt stamp. This novelty complicated a question already sufficiently confused. Mur. Archer's invention was made the subject of additional inquiries, and the gentleman to whom the question was ultimately referred for decision recommended that an assignation of the patent should be taken, and that the machine should be also used for the purpose of perforating the bankers' stamps. The Government then gave Mr. Archer to understand that a gentlemnan in the city had made experiments upon his machine, and that 5001. had been expended in attempts to improve it, which sum they insisted upon deducting from the 4,0001. agreed to bo paid to Air. Archer. In vain did AMr. Archer remonstrate. Hae was told once for all that before he received a shilling from the Government he must give a guarantee to pay the 5001. to the gentleman in the city (hear, hear); and what aggravated the difficulties of bis position was that the gentleman in question refused to accept the security, anddeclared thathemustbepaidinsioney -a demand with which Mir. Archer was unable to comply. (Hear.) About thistime the gentleman who conductsthelegal affairs of the Treasury began to interfere in the business, and gave it as his opinion that no license to perforate bankers' stamps should be granted to Mr. Archer, and that the use of his patent for all purposes whatsoever should be transferred to the Treasury. In vain did Mr. Archer protest, remonstrate, resist, and threaten an appeal to Parliament. The Treasury were too strong for him. They got the assignation from him and retained it to this day. 'hey both refused him a license to perforate receipt stamps, and declined to allow. him any additional consideration for the services of his machine in that respect. 'Nothing could be more illiberal, rmore ungenerous, than such treatment. (Hear, bear.) But their injustice did not end there. They would not allow him to superintenil the operations which Isis tender originally contemplated-those of engravin_ printing, and gumming, a4 weli as of perforating-but they ought to be effective on the criminal and for the repression of crime. Secondly, it ought to be as far as possible an equal punishment, and not a punishment which fell with undue severity upon one criminal while it was scarcely felt by another. Thirdly, it ought to be 'as far as possible a certain punishment, for certainty was the soul of punishment. In the fourth place, a punishment ought to be reversible, revocable, and remediable, since all mankind were liable to err. Now, was the punishment of death an effective punishment? lHe thought it one of the most ineffective punishments ever inflicted. There was abundant evidence that the majority of criminals had previously witnessed capital punishments. In 1846 a criminal who suffered capital punishment confessed that he had been induced to commit a crime that he might signalizehimself as a hero upon the gallows. In 1847 acriminal who suffered upon the gallows admitted that he had seen an execution on the morning on which he had conmmitted the crime for which he suffered. In 1854 a man suffered at Edinburgh, and another was shortly afterwards taken into custody for having perpetrated the very same species of crime. The men who were executed for the atrocious murder of Mr. Bateson, in Ireland, were not only totally indifferent to death, but actually gloried in their punishment. Many persons might imagine that the false enthusiasm of these men arose from their belonging to the Roman Catholic church, but, in 1852, a woman who was a Protestant was executed at Northampton in the same state of indifference. A similar want of feeling had been manifested, also, by a total inbeliever, the murderer Bartolini. The next question was whether this was an equal punishment? iHe contended that it was not; for, whereas some criDninals met their fate, as he had shown, with the greatest indifference, others shrank from it with horror. In recent cases at Newgate and at Chester, women had been carried to the scaffold in a chair, and executted while in a state of insensibility. Another case of the same kind which occurred at Jersey had been made the subject of a letter to the Ilome Secretary by Victor Hugo. There had been similar horrible scenes at Chelmsford and recently atNewgate; Haviug shown that the punishment was not equal, he would now inquire whether it was certain. (Hear, hear.) There could be no doubt that, on grounds of public expediency, it was necessary to execute justice with firmness and vigour, and the most eminent writer upon this subject-the immorial Beccaria-laid down the principle that the certainty of punishment, not its. cruelty, constituted its greatest efficacy. Novw, hefound, from carefully compiled statistical tables, that the proportion of convictions to committals in cases no longer capital was 80 per cent., whereas in cases of murder it was only 20 per cent. (Hear, hear.) But, turning from statistics to facts (alaugh), he would nowproceed to consider the conductof juries, ofjudges, and of the Home Department in reference to this subject. Juries frequently refused to bring in a verdict of guilty when it inivolved capital punishment. In 1S47 Sarah Chesham was tried for murder; the case was completely proved against her; but she was acquitted, and resumed her poisonings with augmented skill, having learnt the best mode of preparing her poisonous mixtures from the medical evidence given upon her triaL She was again tried, and again acquitted; and in 1851 she was tried for the third time upon the charge of poisoning her husband; she was then found guilty and executd, after having murdered 14 persons. If capital punishment had been abolished this woman, instead of twice escaping, would have been imprisoned for life in the first instance. In 1851 two criminals were clearly proved at York to have been guilty of murder, but the jury found a. verdict of manslaughter. In 1852 a man was tred for the murder of his wife; he had acknowledged that he deservedto be executed, but he was acquitted. The Tin=s concluded an able article upon that case with the observation,-" If there be such a crime as murder at all, this is murder, and murder, as it seems to us, of no common atrocity." In another recent case the guilt of the prisoner was clearly proved, butthe jury foundaverdictof acquittalrather than allow him to be hanged. The House would remember a recent case at the Central Criminal Court, in which the jury found a man guilty of wilful murder, but recommended hin to mercy, not on the ground of insanity, but on the ground of a predisposition to insanity. The Times spoke of the verdiet as "an anomaly in criminal proceedings, and no which, we fear, vill be of most evil precedent.' In one case the jury said they would find a verdict of guilty if its effect would be the transportation of the prisoners, but n being told by the judge that if such a verdict were assed the prisoners must suffer death they found a verdict f acquitt. This punishment was rendered uncertain, not nly by the conduct of juries, but also by the feelings and pinions of judges. In former times, when a man war condemned, the judge who condemned him was never seen disolved in tears and unable to articulate. (Elear, hear.) Why was that spectacle so often seen at the present day? Because a change had taken place in the opinions of the judges. In several cases which had recently occurred, the learned judges, in passing sentence, were said to have sobbed loudly, and hardly to have been able to speak through emotion. No doubt this was most honourable to the feelings of those learned judges, but was it creditable to the system of capital punishment? It was not reasonable to suppose that this amount of feeling would be exhibited if a lesser punishmnent than death were inflicted. They all remembered the words of Pope,- "Hard words and hanging if your judge bePage--' but he was happy to say that a siuilar expression could not be applied to the administrators of the law in the present day. Many of the judges haa qiven an opinion favourable to the abolition of capital punishment, while others, when the question was put to them, declined to give any opinion at all. Lord Chief Justice Denman declined-and he thought he knew the reason why-to express an opinion. Mr. Jus. Sioo Wi5slt, atted_that heold x no doubt that a secondary punislhment might be made so severe as to be a suffi. cient substitute for the punishunent of death. 1r. Justice Maule declined to give an answer. Mr. Justice Coltman said he was inclined to think that imprisonment for life without hope of remission of the sentence might be substituted for capital punishment; that manygtulty persons who now escaped piunishment would then be convicted, and that, in his opinion, the apprehension of death did not operate on the mand of a manii meditating eruue. In Ireland, one judge gave it as his opinion that juries acquitted from a disinclination to destroy human life; another stated that he thought transportation with stringent regulations might be substituted for capital punishment; and a tliird stated that the question involved too grave considerations for a hasty opimon, however great might be the objections to the punishment of death-and, in his opinion, they were very great. If such were the opinions of judges nine years ago, the probability was that now a greater nuumber of the Judges would be in favour of the abolition of the punishment of death. He would now advert to the last court of appeal before the execution of the prisoner-namely, the Home Department. He was bound to say that the Secretary of State for the Home Department always exercised the functions of his office with a most merciful consideration for the prisoner; bit, at the same time, it vas not the fault of that officer, but of the system, that uncertainty prevailed evenat the Home-office. There were many reasons for this. It was almost impossible to say what effect might be produced by particular aspects of a case acting on different minds. There was the case of Anna Myers some years ago, who, he believed, vas guilty of the crime of murder, hut who was not executed. He did not blame this remission of the capital punishment. He was only arguing on the effect it produced on the public mind. Other cases of the remission of capital punishment were those of Corrigan and Celestina Sommer, who committed a most dreadful murder. (Hear.) In the case of women it was not found easy now to carry into execution the punishment of death ; and if it was given up in the case of women, how could it be maintained in the case of others ? These, then, were instances in connexion with the Home Department of the uncertainty of the infliction of the punishment of death. But there was another ingredient of uncertainty. In one year there might be a merciful Secretary of State for tho Hlome Department, and in another a severe one; and, when the case was referred back to the judges, one judge might be lenient and another more severe. Hle had already stated that, in his opinion, a necessary ingredient in a sound system of punislhment was, thattthe punishment should bereversible, for ashuman beings were all subjectto error, it was absurd to inflict a punishment perfectly irreversible. lHe could produce many cases of personsbeingexecuted who were afterwards found to be innocent. In a case, not of a capital character, he had himself had occasion to take measures for the restoration to liberty from transportation of a person named Barber, whose innocence was comDletely proved. Then there was the case sometime ago of Ehia Fennings, who was executed, but whose innocence was afterwards proved. More recent cases had occurred in Ireland, showing hov much the risk of sentencirg iunocent persons was incurred. Two men were tried and executed for the atrocious murder of Mfr. Bateson; but before those men were- tried two other persons were twice put on their trial for the same offence, and narrowly escaped conviction. A year or tvw o ago there uas the case of Cumm ing in Edinburgh, whom many persons believed to be innocent. He apprehended that henceforth there would be found much more difficulty in dealing with cases of poisoning, because, as the science of chymistry advauced, it might be rendered more diflicult to detect poison. Therefore, reliance must be placed on circumstantial evidence; and jurors would be disinclined to convict on circumstan- tial evidenc, unless a punishmen esta et eei, flicted. He thought that the reluctance to find criminals guilty in cases where capital punishment was inflicted arose from two causes. In the first place, the punishment contained the element of revenge; and a punishment in wlhich retaliatory revenge was an ingre. dient could not last long in civilized society. The pillory, branding, and the indignities practised on the bodies of suicides had been abolished in obedience to the altered tone of public feeling on such matters, and capital punishment must soon follow. If a punishment less severe ihan death were inflicted it might be delayed for a year, and yet ultimately carried into execution; but if the punishmnent of death were delayed for so long it could not be in. flicted, and nothing showed more clearly than this that a spirit of retaliatory vengeance was inherent in the punislhment of death. It was an irrevocable and irreversible punislment, and human nature revolted from it on that act ount. Various remedies had been suggested for the objections which were urged against capital punishment as at present inflicted in this country. It had been suggestedin another place that executions should be private, but he did not I elhevethat such a system would be tolerated in this country. True, the evils attendin- the public spectacle would thus be ; voided, hut the execution would be none the less public, or though some thousands of people might be deprived of the si-ht, yet miions of readers would still peruse all the terrble details in the journals. Another remedy suggested was occasional punishment, remitting the punishment in ihe majority of cases, but inflicting it occasionally by way *f example. This, he thought, was gambling with the I unishment of death, and it would not be tolerated any more than private executions. Beccaria laid down that a certain punishment, although it mnight be a moderate one, would always make a more effectual impression than a more terriblepunihinent which had conubined with it the hope of mpunity, and he was certain that the time would come when that sound doctrine would be acknowledged and acted upon in this country. Looking to the example of foreign countries, there was everything to encourage us to abolish the capitalpunishlent, Ijhad alrtadybeen abolled -in Tuscany, Bavaria, Switzerland, and the United States. The great Leopoldabolikheditin Tuscany, without leading to anyincrease ithe amotintof crime. Ithad since, however, beenrestored. In Bavariamurdererswereicmprisonedfor life, and it was stated that the working of the system was most 'encouragisg. Capital punishment had been abolished in the cantons of Fribourg and Neufcbatel, and he ha received a letter from the senator who had proposed its abolition in 'eufchatel, stating that the experiment was proceeding most satisfactorily, The panbhmeut had been abolished in Alabama, Michgan, lRhodeisland, and Mlaine, and innone of thesc States was there any desire to restore it. What he asked for was a select committee to inquire how far the exI ample of these countries would justify us in taking asimilar course In free countries the weight of a punishment consisted not only in the simple indiction of it, bat in its being sanctioned by the weight of public opnion. and it was acting, therefore, contrary to the spirit of sound government to inflict a punishment the execation of which did not carry public ouinion with it. The cause of all the false sympathy which -existed for p-rsons convicted of murder was this uunishment of death Formerly, when other crimes were punished in a similar manner there existed for their perpetrators a similar sympathy, aswas shown inthe cases of Dr. Dodd and Fauntleroy, who were hanged for forgery. He cilled upon the House to abolish a punishment which elevated a crinilal into a hero, and to take from him the false splendour which was cast around him by the dignity of death, and to place him before the public in the true light of infamy. Our present sy'tem turned the mnind of the prisoner from the consideration of the sanguinary crime which he had committed to that of the sanguinary punishment which he was about to suffer, and, n the words of Milton, led him Is to seek Is What reinforcement he might gain from hope; " If not, what resolition from despair." He (Mr. Ewart) implored, the House to exclude from our courts of justice the " scarecrow deity" which had so long dishonoured and deformed them, and to bre.athe into our code of laws the pure and peacefuli spirit of the GospeL The hon. member concluded by moving the appointment of a select committee "to inquire into the operation of the law imposing the punishient of death." Mfr. HADF[ELD said that the public sentiment of this country was entirely with the hon. member (Ur. Ewart). Public executions liad no. moral influence upon society ; they were, on the contrary, the most direful and dreadful spectacles which it was possible to conceive. To assent to the motion of the hon. gentleman would be to follow the course which was comnienced by those great men Sir Samuel tomilly, Sir J. Macintosh, ais. Sir Iobert Peel, with whom he would now associate the hon. member for Dunmfries (Mr. Ewart). The passing of sentence of death frequently gave rise to the most painful scenes in court. On one occasion the late Mr. Juqtice Talfouid was so deep]y affected that he threw himself down and sobbed audibly. s public opinion had already practically abolished capitalpunishment i all cases except murder, he thought there could be no objection to a committee to inquaire whether the public interests required that exception to be retamned. Mr. DIRUMMOND professed his surprise to learn, now for the first time, thati never in the history of man had been discovered the, right mode of governing mankind. Having in all ages and in all countries continued the punishment of death, it -appeared to be monstrous presumption to pass so sweepmg a censure upon all that had been done in former times. The hon. mover had stated that as it was impossible to prevent the course of justice being occasionally impeded and the judgments of the tribunals defeated, therefore capital punishment should be abolished. A select committee was asked for to inquire into the operation of the law imposing the punishment of death. Wby, what could be the operation of that law, if carried out, but simply death:' (Hear.) That wouldbe its operation if it were allowed to operate, but if persons chose to intervene then it would not actat alL Tne hon. gentleman had objected to the introduction of religion upon this matter, but nevertheless had declared that the punishment of death was contrary to the spirit and practice of the Gospel.' But surely there could not be a sentence expressed in plainer words than that which said, "Whoso sbeddeth man's blood by man sball his blood be shed." (Hear, hear.) It was absurd to hold forth the Bible as the religion of Protestants if they were to set aside plain words which could not be controverted, and upon which their law should be founded, It was argaed, however,, that the words applied to a Jewish eople and not to Christians; but he (Mr. Drummond) h heard of a 'bishop. sofiiewhat fanious in Christian history, who, when a man told him a lie, immediately struck him dead, and so far from repenting of the act soon after administered the same punishment to that man's wife for a similar offence. What would Exeter-hall say if a bishop were now to strike a man dead? Another evil of capital punishmnent, according to the hon. gentleman, was its uncertainty. What could be more certain he (Mfr. Drummond) could not imagine. (A laugh.) No doubt, the hon. gentleman meant that it was not certain that the law would in all cases be carried into- effect, and proposed as a substitute per tual imprisonment. Had he any proof that that law w d be carried into effect? (Hear, hear.) The same arguments applied to any other punishment. Then, again, it was said public opinion was opposed to capital punishment, and juries would not convict, but fio m what hadthat arisen if not from the efforts of those who 1aught jurors to believe it was meritorious to commit perjury? (Hear.) That was religious teaching-that was the inode in which the pubBc mind had been poisoned, and now it was proposed to abolish the punishment of death, and offer a premium to crime. The hon. member for Dinmfries had been agreat promoter of the war; the hon. gentleman who spoke last-and gave a picture of the horrors of a Judge pronouncing sentence-had also supported the war. Did they think that generals and colonels had no feelings wlen they ordered their men to certain destruction ? Could not pictures be drawn of greater horrors aising from that war than ever occurred on' account of capital punishment? His principal reason for addressing the House was to express his great objections to the modc in which Secretries of Stte were importuned upon these matters. (Hear.) He had been acquainted with the late Sir F. Buxton, 'who had always some scheme for getting off some rascal who was going to be hanged. (A laugh.) At the time when Sir 1. Peel was Secretary of State Sir Fowell was importuning him upon the case of an atrocinus criminaL He (Alr. Drummond) asked Sir Fowell whether he believed the man to be innocent ; to which he replied that he did not, but still he felt it to be his duty to interfere. He had also met that hon. baronet at Rouie, where he was doing the same thing, and talk-ed of laying matters before the Pope, who would doubtless have told him to mind his own business. During the period of the tenancy of office by the right hon. memberfor the University of Cambridge (Mr. Walpole) an atrocious murderwas committed in Surrey, and some gentlemen and clergymen gotup a petition for a reconsideration of the case, and invited him (Mr. Drumniond) to sign it; but he refused. He asked whether they believed in the man's innocence, and whether they had communicated with the judge who had tried him ? They replied that they believed the man to be guilty, as did also the judge, to whom they had applied, and whose view was the same as his own. 'His right hon. friend (Mr. Walpole) had subsequently thanked him for not countenancing a deputation to him, and declared that he had been importuned almost beyond endurance. The House could judge of the sort of importunity which pressed upon the Secretary of State from a petition which had been printed in the papers as one that was going about for signatures before presentation to his right hon. Lriend (Sir G. Grey). Those fellows said they were not satisfied. 7haf did thev know about it? They had not been jurors or judge, and had heard nothing of the case in court. Then came a letter from MEr. Herapath, whose opinion, however. was not worth much, for, unless he (Mr. Drummond) was exceedingly misinformed, upon one occasion that gentleman went to the Secretary of State, who was then the right hon. baronet (Sir J. Graham), and sought to have an execution stayed because he was positive that a certain medicine had not been administered, while at that very timne the criminal himself was confetsing that he had employed that medicine. (Hear, hear.) Was it not heartrending that a Secretary of State should be exp osed to such pressure? (Hear, hear.) It was a burden which ought not to be cast npon any man. (Hiear, bear.) The best course would be to revert to the old plan, and have a commission to which the Crown could refer cases in which reconsideration might be deemed necessary. That body might comprise the President of the Council, the judge who tried the case, the Lord Chief Jmstices of the Queen's Bench and the Common Pleas, and the Lord Chancellor; and, if it should appear to them that fresh evidence had been discovered, then they could advise the Crown to interpose He (hrr. Drummond) did not seek to interfere with the prerogative of the Crown. The Sovereign mjight make the whole reginient of Horse Guards dukes if she pleased; she might pardon whom sbe pleased; but he did say the matter should not be left as it was at present. There should be some better organized machinery that shonld have a complete su^rveillance of sentences. and, if no sufficient reason for staying the execution of the sentence should be shown, then that the sentence should be carried into effect. Mr. BOOKER-BLAREMORE said that some years ago he appened to fill the office of sheriff in the principality of Wales, and it was his duty to sit side by side with a learned Juoge upon tbe trial of two individuals'for murder. Anmore humane judge could not exist, and a more painstaking jury could not have been empannelled. He watched the case with the deepest mterest, and arrived at the deliberate conviction that both men wereperfectlyinnocent. To his horror the jury pronouinced them guilty, and the judge condemned them to death. B great exertions and the assistance of friendsheobtained the release of one prisoner, but the otherhadeversince been undergoing an undeserved sentence in a penal colony. He drew from that experience the conclusion that there was wide room for the inquiry which thehon. gentleman invited the House to undertake. (ifear.) He thought there was good reason for preventing importunities of the Secretary of State by an amended systenm, and he should, tlerefore, support the motion of the hon. member for Dnnifries. Sir G. GREY said,-As I have had occasion three or four times before, when I held the office which I now hold, to state the views of Her Majesty's Govermment upon this subject, I am afraid I can offer nothing new in argument against the motion of the hon, and learned gentleman. The Househasonallformer occasions concurred with me in rejecting these motions, and I must express my earnest hope that, for the sake of protection really essential, which the law and the execu.tion of the law throw around society they will reject this motion of the hon. and learned member.. (Cheers.) His motion is slightly varied interms froee thosewhich he formerly submitted to the House. He has on former occasions submitted a resolution as to the expe' diency of abolishing capital punishment, or he has asked to be allowed to lay a bill on the table for that purpose. On the present occasion the notice originally given was framed in similar terms, being for the entire abolition of capital punishiment. But within the last fewr days, inflaenced, perbaps by circumstances which have occurred, inducing him to think that a motion pledging the House to the abolition of capital punlishment was little likely to meet with acceptance, he has changed his motion, and mow asks for a committee to inquire into the operation of tbe iW which imposes the puniehment of death for'offenoes xtill capital. I confess I cmn see little saubetantial differen0e, between the motion now submitted and the motions whichz have been submitted on former occasions. (Hear, hear.) By his speech the hon. and learned gentleman asked the House to consent to the abolition of the punishment oE death, and the substitution of what he terms a less cruel punishment; and, if the House were to agree to the mnotiom. now proposed, I must sry that, coupling it with the speech, it would be understood by the country that it was expedient,. the pshment of death should not be continued, and that. the =Iouse was prepared to agree to a measure for its abolition after this committee should have made its report. r: think that would be a very dangerous course for this Houseto adopt. (Cheer) In one point I am in perfect Nreement with the hen. member who made this motion. Ho said, let us discard the theological grounds, and considerthe question siumply as one of expediency. A preImin&i7 objection to entertaining the question of abolishing capital punishment is founded on theological grounds, becase. there are those who say that under the Divine law it is. imperative, and that the text quoted by the hon. member for West Surrey makes it obligatory on civil servants that where murder is committed the punishmaent of death shalL follow. (Hear.) I do not go with those who hold that. doctrine. Neither do I go with those who hold. that the punishment of death, established by any civil Government 'or State for that purpose which alonejustifies it, is contrary to the law of God. (HIear.) If, then, we are to discard theological grolmds, the hon. gentle-- man mustreject altogethertie aid-which he summo-iedfromn the petition which was read at the table, and which stated& that the Gospel of Christ recognives the inviolability of thelife of man, and the petitioners therefore express theiropinion that it is contrbar to the Gospel to inict capital punismrent for any crie. The hon. member has two alternatives-either to admit the theological groind, an encounter those who object even to consider the question of abolishing capital prishment for mu iderorto reject th theological grounds, and give up the support of those wvh-, petition for its abolition because in their view it is oppdsew to the spirit of the GospeL. {llear.) One otherpreliuntuay observation as to these petrtions,- good mnany have been. presented for the total abolition of the punishment of death, and nLone have teen presented against it. If st wvere a ca's oE' an ordinary kin;d, a strong inference might be drawn that public opinion ran strongly in one direction, and that; it vwas the general desire of the country that capital punishment Ehould be abolished. That inference cannot, however, be dravn in this instance. (Cheer) There arenumbers of persons vno devote their time and their best. exertions to procure the abolition of the punishment of death. They get up petitions upon the subject. Many of the lpetitions are almost stereotped in the same terms. They express, no doubt, the opinions of those who sign them_ But a feelng in men's minds deters them from asklin- thatcapital puniment shall be enforced, and thus it is that in, particular cases importnity is always one-sided. (Loud cheers.) As long as aman is suspected of being guilty of an. attrocious murder the feeling of the people is against thce criminal and with the law. They are anxious thatnor means shall be omitted which can insure the conviction oE the prisoner, if he be guilty of the crime of wrhich, he is charged. But the moment he is convicted. and sentenced to punishment, be it death or transportation. for life, a certain number immediately s'mpathize with theo criminal, look upon him as an object of pity, and exert; themselves to obtain a remission of his sentence; while, on, the other hand, no one petit;ons that the person on whom sentence is passed ahall not be recommended to mercy. Public feeling is not outraged. The opinion against remission is strongly but silently entertained. Do not let us,l therefore, suppose that the real feelings of the people is expressed by petitions on thissubject. (Hear, hear.) One otherpreliminary observation. When the hon. member for Sheffield enumerated the names of great men who assisted benevolent persons like the hon. member for Dnmfries ir. theirexertions to mitigate the severity of the criuinal law, he mentioned Sir S. RomiUy and Sir R. Peel; but history and'4 Parliamentary records prove that, although they were favourable to removing capital punishment from a great manycrimes, the hon. gentleman is in error in supposing they were among those who ask that in the case of the most atrocious murder the criminal shall nct suffer death as the punishrent of that offence. (Hear, hear.) My hon. friend the member for IDumfries placed this question on the ground of expediency, and aslked, is it desirable tco retain the punishment of death for murder7 lie has defmed what he conceives punishment ought always to comprise. He said, first, it should be effective for the repression of crime; secondly, that it should be equal; thirdly, that it should be certain; and fourtzbly, that it shoula be revocable. iFollowing those points, relyin chiefly on the firs -namely, the efficiency of the punishinent, I must express my opinion-an opinion which I stronglyentertain, whichis confirmned more and more by reference to statistical records, and which rests on the inward conviction of every man's mind, that is not capable of being refuted-that the punishment of deathislooked to wvith greater dread than any o'therpninhent, and i more effectual tha any other in repressmag crime. (Cheers.) I observe that, at the meeting held! yesterday, from'which apetition has to-niglitbeen presented,, it was stated as evidence of its inefficiency, that w hereas all those crimes with regard to -which the punishment of deaths was repealed had diminished, the crime of murder, for whizh, it wgas retained, had increased. Withoutt going into statis'ics Imay state atoncethat the directcontrary isthefact. (Hear.)} :by hons. friend must give me leave to answver him, that he 's. n,istaken in supposig that his statistics warrant the concluson that the abolition of capital punishmnent has caused. a diminution in the number of those offences to -which the penalty of death was at one time attached. Nsot only is that not true, but the very reverse is the fact. (Hiear, hear. Robberies, burglarites, and other felonies of the secondalry class have increased in number, and progressively so, since. the punishment of deathhas been abrogated. (Hear.) Thecrime oE murder,on the contrary,has remnained about stationary (hear), but stationary, be it remembered, in relation tG. a populatton which is r_pidly increasing. The number of persons, committed not conivicted on charges of murder in. the year 18S45, was G5; in 18S54 it was 62. (Hear, hear.). The difference is scarcely appreciable, yet the poputlation. had increased in the interim by nearly 2,000,000. (Hiear, hear.) Some of the intermediate wears show a trifling e2;cess. but it is so very small as scarcely to admit of its being taken, into calculation, and upon the -whole w e are justified inestimating that the crime is rather upon the decrease than the. increase. Thisi shows that, let theorists say -what they wldl, the fear of an ignominious death as the punishment of murder does deter some persons from the perpetration of that awful crime. (Hear, hear.) Ntor let it be suppose*' that there is any intention to exempt women from that punishment. During the last 10 years 14-wromen have been executed for murder (hear, hear), and of these I grieve -tos:ay that 10 forfeited their lives during the period that I held the offlce of Home Secretary. In the year 18-19 no fevwer tha n five -women -were brought to the scaffold. This being the state of the case, I hope that it will boecome generally k;nown, and that no erroneous rumours w,ill get ablroad to favour the idea that women may commit murdervith impunity. tHear, hear.) The next point on which. my hon. friend inisted -was that punishment should beequal, and in this respect he deems the penalty of death defective. He told us that some criminals go to the scaffoldJ without appearing to feel their dreadful position-that they are obdurate, hardened, impenitent, and -were anxtious to be regarded as heroes; whereas others are so overcome with. shame and terror that at last they lose motion and consciousness, and have to be dragged to the gallows. But cau. my hon. friend suggest anypunishment, -whether transportation, impriSOnment, or penal servitude, wfhich will not; be liable to this objection of inequality? 9 f yoan sentence to transportation a man of high faimily, having Ia wife, children, and friends, to all of -whom he isi tenderlyv attached, the punishment Will certainly fall upon him with2 crushing severity;- but it will not have the same effect on a man in~ humble life, who, unarried and childless, has no friends and relations for -whom he cares. This objection of' inequality, therefore, is one -which applies with equal cogency to all kinds of punishment as well as that of death. But then my hon. friend urges the argument of " ccrtainty,,' and contends that the particalar p,unisnment annexed to an offence ought in every case to b in 'c od. This is a doctrine which would be found verv difficult of application. The law of itseLF affords a very iberal discretion to judges as to the period of imprisonment or pnal servitude that may be a-warded for a state-d offence. ~That which is in the eye of the law the very same crime may be. visited with punishment of v ery different degrees according. to the varying circumstances of each particular case. (Hear.) And so with regard to mutder; it is impossible to overlook the vast differences in the degrees of guiltthat two such charges may present. We may imagine ab case of the most delibrate and cold-blooded assassination, and -we may picture to ourselves another case where, thoughthe jury found the prisoner ssuilIy of murder, his offence was, in point of fact, scarcely distinguishable from manslaughter. If by " certainty," then, you mean that, without reference to the distinctive circumstances, the samne punishment shall in each case be inflicted, you will: lay down a rule -which will be productive of great injustice. It is no uncommon occurrence that, even after the trial has terminated, circumstances not known at the time come cn- epectedly to light which justify an exercise of the Royal clemency on behalf of the condemned person. If this be an evil, wll it be remedied by substituting imprisonment or transrportation for capital punishment ? Assuredly not, for the Boyal prerogative will remain untouched. My hon. friend advocates the infliction of such a punishment as imprisonment for life on the ground that it is irrevocable andl irremediable, and yet-strange inconsistency .-he objectsto capital punishment for the very same reason. (Hear, hear.) The theory isi that a sentence of imprisonment hasthis advantage over one of capital punishment, that it mav ba revoked in the event of its Mbein discovered that the verdict was unjust; yet my hon. friendf would destroy tlattheory and doomto imprisonment withouthope of empncipation. With regard to juries it appears to me that my hon. friend has over-stated his case. Ieo would have us bieve that one of the consequences of annexing capital punishment to the crime of murder is thlat juries freqhently refuse. to convict, even on tho clearest evidence. There may have been a few such cases-though for my own part. I know of none-but I am sure that it is true asa general rule th3t, where the evidence is clear 'anit concIusive, and wvhcn it has been laid before the jury with that lucidity, happily so characteristic of the charges of English judges, jures return a conscientious verdict, and donot disregard the solemn obligation of their oath through a_ disinclination to pronounce a judgment the consequence of' which may be death to the prisoner. No doubt the InCoVledge that such mray- be the result of the verdict may make.- judges and juries more willing to present a case to their owv mind in that point of view most favourable to the accused, sothat they may avoid a mistake that can never be remedied. There have been many cases in -wich the line between murder and manslaughter-being a very nice one-a verdict has. been returned on the latter charge; but- it cannot be said. that the ends of justice have been defestedhby such aresult_ In that event, the punishment inflicted is what my hon. friend would award in every instance-that of imprisonmelnt, penal servitude, or transportation. The emotics. manifested by judges in sentencing prisoneri: to death has really nothing to do with the tion. It mut be distressing to a judge to doom a fe3it
TO THE EDITOR OF TE1 TIIES. Sir,-In the report (in your impression of this morning1 of the debate upon the Dublin Metropolitan Police Bill, -: am made to state t.hat upon a late occasion there wera brought before the Dublin magistrates some 300 cases of persons using obsce e language. I fear, therefore, I mnst Iave misconveyed what I meant to say, avhich was. ±,hat upon a late occasion several hundred charges of a trampery f character were broulght under the notice of the Dubli police magistrates, and I ventured to illustrate the nature of these chargus by a reference to one of them-" for using obscene language." Pray pardon this intrusion on your space. Yoir obedient se-r.nt PATRICK O'BRIEN. Reform Club, June 10.
PARLIAMENTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMMONS. WvnNxs,nAY 3Trv. iL OR.DEIRS o TIM Dky. Spirit Trdc llreland) Bil,-Second reading. Grand Juries, &c. (reland) Bill.-Second readlnr. Eclesiastical Coutts Jurisdiction Bill.-Seeonrareadng. Railway and Canal Traffic Bill,-Second reading. 'cnant Right Ircelatnd) Bill,-Committee. Advowsons Bil,-COommittee. Supply,-Comnnttec. Waysand AfeaLs,-Committ9:. Judges and Chancellors Bill,- Second rcading. i,ortau,ton. &n. of Parishes Ill,-icommittee. Aldershott campnBill.-Committee. Oxford University Bill.-Committee Insurance on Lives (Abatement of Income-tax) Continuance Bill,Third reading. NOTICES OF MOTIOONS. bMr. Blackbum,-To asl the Secretary to the Treasury whetber additional time for lodging tenders will be given to parties desirous to contract forthe Australan mails. conAidering that the public wooe not in possession of theni£ormation given by hisreply on this subject yesterday. The Lord-Advocate,-Bill to abolish certain uranecemseey fonns in fte framing of deeds in Scotland. hM r. l?orsms-Bill for the hotter regulation of the houses of induEtry lospttals and other hospitas in Dublin, supported wholly or in part by Parliamentary grants. Mstr. A-sce,-Iteturns of the value of the total expcrts (rttish and foreign) from the united hingdom in I8SiS* itmilar return o£ tbre exports fream the Inited States in the samcA year; Rteturn of the valne of 'te exports (British anid foreigu) from thc imited hingdom to the United States in IS55; And, similar return of the exports from the United States to tha united kingdom. Colonel French,-On motion for second rcading of Grand Juriem &c. (Ireland) Bil, to mzro that it be rad a rkcnd time this day Sax montbhs.
DETECTION OF STIYCHNIN.El THEP ESE.NCE OF AJNTIMO02. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIDM2S. Sir,-We observe in your impression of to-day a letter from a Idr. Charles Peoey, -berein be would lead the. public to believe that antimony destroys the detection ot strychnine. At any other time such a communiction. would be scarcely worthyofnotice, but, as the belief tha:. strychnine can. nder any circumstances, evade de4oqHios may lead to mot faal results, it is obviously neceary, that those conversaat with toxicological research rhoU,,looradiet such ig--aatabd nisehievons statements. We will not occUpY your columnes by any chbnical detaila in sUppoI-o,fthe correctness ofourviews,butwe beli6veji4A our assertion will be supported by all possessig the sm2-ncsirInowiledge of analytical chymistry. We are at ptezut pre-. vented from referring to some remarkaile case& eOsJ6rma tory of the fact that antimony cannot by possilA1lty- thwt tbe detection of styrchnine by reason of expenrLixeuI vw* have made being at this moment under the oorusideratio7a of Government. We are, Sir, your obedient servant! - J. E. D. RODGFX1W Lectuxer on Ut;ymstry - .;. k +.1. tRi lorne's Schoolof Meffdiee. I a- P&6urT GIRDWOOD, Awa?tAfu-geoa ' ' I St. CiOZog a Gnrnadlier G0-Tdg. I S o ool a Yodict JnjngiO.
From ae LONDON GAZETTE of Ttesdoy, June 10. LORD CHAMBERLAIN'SOFMTCE. MAY 31. Notice is hereby given, that Her Mzajesty swill hold a Drawing-Roomn at St. Jamesig Palace, on Friday, the 20th Of- June next, at 2 oclock. K.B. The Knights of the several Orders are to appear in &heir collars at the Drawving-Room, it being a collar day. Notice is hereby given, that Her Majesty will hold a Levee at St. James's Palace onL Wednesday, the 25th of June nexzt, at 2 o'clock ST. JAMES'S PALACE, JuNE 9. The Queen has been pleased to appoint Lady Codrington, wife of Lieutenant-General Sir William J. Oodrin;tsn, 3C.B., to be one of the Bedchamber Women in Ordmiary to Her MAjesty, in the room of Theresa, Lady Digby, reggned. ADMIRALTY, JUNE 10. . despatch, of which the following is a copy, has been received from Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons, Bart., G.C.B., Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's ships and vessels in the Mediterranean and Black Sea:- " Norfolk-house, London, June 8. "Sir,-Eeferring to my letter of the 19th of June, 1855, (No. 462'1, in whiic'h I reported, for the information of the I,ords Commissioners of the Admiralty, the names of Her Majetty's ships which had engaged the sea defences of Sebastopol during the nights of the 16th and 17th of that "lie pleased to inform their Lordships that tho name of :Her Majesty's steam frigate Leopard, commanded by Captain George Giffard, which performed a similar service on the night of the 15th o-f Jxune,sa indettl omitted. "I am, &c., e was inadvertently EDMUND LYONS, "Admiral and Commander-in-Chief. "' The Secretary of the Admiralty " 'azeStted on July 2 18;5. WVHITETHALL, JufE 4. The -Right Hon. Sir John Jerdis, ini"ht Lord Chief Jastico of Hler Majesty's Court of Common'?leas, at lWestmninster, has appointed Thomas Woodburne, of Ulverston, in the county of Lancaster, gentleman, to be one of the perpetual CommLssioners for taksng the acknowledgments of deeds to ho executed by married women, under the act passed for the abolition of fines and recoveries, and for the substitution of more simple modes of assurance, in and for the county of Lancaster. COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH. ThrNrry TiEm, 19-nr oF VICTORIA, MONDAY, JUSZ 9. This Court will hold sittings on Friday the 20th, and Saturday the 21st days of June inst., and will on those days proceed in disposing of the business remaining in the special paper and new trial paper, and will also hold a sitting on Thursday, the 3d day of July next. and give judgment in cases previouslyargued. BY TIHE COURT. COURT OF COMMON PLEAS. DT'irNiT TERzr, 19rn OF VICTORIA, SAITURDAY, JuT-x 7, This Court will on Wednesday, the 18th day of June inst,, and on the two following days, hold sittings, and will prccced in disposing of the business nowr pending in the special paper and in the paper of new trials, and of any other business that maly be pending before the Court, and will also proceed to give judgment in certain of the matters that will then be standing over for the consideration of t-he Court. JOHN JEEVIS. C. CRESSWELL. CONGRATULATORY ADDRESSES TO TEE QUEEN ON TEE RE-ESTABLISEfIlENT OF PEACE. The Gazete of yesterday, June 10, contains the address to ler Miajesty on the re-establishment of peace, from the Cancellor, MVasters, and Scholars of the University of Oxford; the address from the Chancellor, IMasters, and Scholars of the University of Cambridge; and the address from the Protestant Dissenting ministers of the Presbyterian denomination of the cities of Londonand Westaminster (which Her Majesty was graciously pleased to receive on her throne), and the most gracious answers of Her Miajes+y thereto. The Gaftec also states that Her Majesty has received a congratulatory address on the restoration of peace from the Lord of the Barony of Themes in the county of Pembroke; the Mayor, aldernien, and burgesses of the borough of Newport, within tho said barony, in Court Leet and Court Baron assembled, which Her Majesty has been pleased to receivo very graciously. COMMISSIONS Signed by the QuEFe;. 4th or Duke of Lnecaster's Own (Light Infantury) Royal Lancashire htilitia.--Sieffield Betham, Esq., to be Paymaster. By the Loseu-Ln syA?-r of the County of A:DERDEF. Royal Aberdeenshire Regiment of Militia.-Ensign James 3forison, to be lieut., vice Humphrey, appointed to the 84th Regiment of the line. 3By the LorsD-LEuTzsAsrTof tho WestRiding of the County of YORK and of the City and Coanty of the City of YOnB. West York Rife Regime st ot 3iitia.-Esign Frederick James .-3ngorWhiteside, to be Lieut., vice Mosse, appointed to the 17th 21 Regimcnt (Light Infantry) of West York^ hlilitia.-Lieut. Henry Newton Brown, to be Capt.. vice Carroll. promoted; Enaign Thomas Sloddart, to be Lieut., vice Brown, promoted. 3d Regiment (Light Infantry) of West York Militia.-Ensign dw.zdranddon. to be Liout.,.ice I'inson, appointed to 16th Foot; Jo5eph Bottomley, gent., to be Ensign, Tice Landou, promotel. By the LonD-LrsuTNAn-sr of the County of SuFgoLr. East Suffolk Militia. Artillery Corps.-Secoud-Lieut. John Meadows 2heobald, tobe Firt-Lieut. vice Everard, resigned. By the LORD-L iruTEN..x i-r of tho County Palatine of DVURHA. Iient 'Edward octanusfreaise half-pay Royal Marine Artillery, to be Capt. vice Perkins resi ned; decond-Lisut John Georgo Robson. to Iba First-Lieu., sice Ho on, promotea; JTmo car-w eanoau, gent., oe lrit-Lieut. By the Lorn-L. zy.%usrar of the County of SoUrsTIL o.Nf. Hampshire Yermanry Cavalry.-James Hatherell, gent., to be ormet, vice Turner, resigned. ADMIRALTY, JUNE 4. CORPS OF ROYAL MARINES. ieoond Lient. Lennox George Rodney, to be First Lient., vice iteele to half-pay. aho "Gazette" contains a notice that the following place has been dulyregistered for the solemnization of marriazes therein,Bethel Chapel, Llansawcll, Carmarthen. PARTNERSHIIPS DISSOLVED. Ship Building Coimpany, Douglas. Isle of Man. ropemakers, as far M regards bL Winram.-G. L. Collis and W. R. Warren, Strand, photogzaphic 3rtists.-W. and T. Seymour, EHitchen, builders.-Whitisa, Leuty, and Co.. Leeds can-sass manufacturers.-Kennody and Is~empton. Bedford Conservatory, Covent-garden, seedsmen.-Frizell and (Jo., Liverpool, butter merchants-Young and Son, lHgh-street. Bilinston. gracers.-Farrner and Huts, Norwich, chymists.-J. and 1,f. Baleaan3. Ashton-uuder-Line, cotton w,iste dealers.-Boulton and arris. Carlislewtreet. Lambetlu-rimabaw- and Taylor. Old AcerirecDon, co:ton manufacturers-J.M. LeoIcnnard and Co., lid.lUe3brough shipbcokes.-B. West and Son, Up,per russell-street, Bermond5ey. 1eatheerdruns-l;ay and Livaey, Bry, steam sawyers.-. aaeasughtan and H. A. Parry. Hrammone-court. rity, brok ers in colousial Vrodslce.-Chnsphel. P.lnsfoll, and Co., NewB'nd-street, musieseliers -Parkinson and Frodshan, 'Clage-aley, Cornhill, chronometermalera. DECLARATIONS OF DIVIDENDS. S. Archer, Rochdale, wooUen mauufacturer-third di. of Id., TuXesCay, June 2g, or any subsequent Tuesday, at Mr. Fraser's blanChester. 3. Morgan, Preston ani C3tehaw. Lancashire, oettonspinner-first dir. of 41d., any Tuesday, at Mir. Poit's, Manchester. H. Stirke, Manchestcr, money scrivener-drst div. of 73, 6&, any Tueaday. at blr. Pott's, Lanchester. J. Mleadows, Manchester. lime merehante-first dir. of 17s. 9d. on lhs cparate estate. any Tuesday. at Mr. Pott's, Manchester. T. Freer, Leicester. sine merchant-second div. of 3;. 4d. on bMonCay next, and two folowing Mlondays, at Mrr. Harris's, NottiLgham. tr. Taylor. Derby, silk manufacturer-first div. of 43.6d. o6n Monday uext, and two following blondays. at M3r. Harris's. Nottingbam. R. W. Gardiner. Hereford. cattle dealer-third di-. of id., any ~snssay, at 31r. Christie'd Birmmngham. J. Richardson, liverpool, timber-merchant-fihst div. oEf 7s, i.O, ony'}Ydus(.ay nt* r. fogan,lJiverpool Iongen,lYelt^n7.e.-'71ar3h, Iincolnsbirc, drapzer-finst dir, of Ia.ld. anyThurss'ay.at 3fr. Carrick's, llulL J. Stephenson. Hfogethorpo. BinceLn3hire, joiner-fi-st div. of 101d.. any Thniday, at Mr. Carricik' BlulL. BANRRUrTS. Samuel Lovelock andThoma3s Forter, Dowgate-hiU and Streatham, *n-inarubber manufacturers, to surrender Jone 21. at 11 o'clock, July 25, at 1, at the Bankrupts' Court: solcdtors, Messrs Linklater and Iiackwcod. Sise-lane, Bucklersbury; official assignee, 3fr. Whitmore, 33asingball-street. John Ros Cormack, lato of Ru3ssll-square, boarding-honse-keeper, June 17, at 1 o'clock. July 17, at 11, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, Mesess. Lawrance, Pleaws and Boyer. Old Jewry-chambers; edlicia1 assignee, Mr. Johnson, Basiaghall-street. Charles CrakH Hamilton, Prince's-street Bleoomsbury. ironmonger, June 25. July 2X, at 2 o'clock, at the Bankrupts' Conrt: solicitor, 3r. Taylor. South-street, Finsbury; offlcial assignee, Ir. Graham. Jamues Green, Long Buckby, Northamptonshire. coal merchant, Juoe 25, July 23. at I o'clock, at the Bankrupts' Court: soLcitors. Mrensrs. Johnson. Weatherall, and Sons, Ring's Bench-walk, Temple; ohicial assignee. M7r. Stansfeld. SamnuelPeison. Sun-street, Bishopsgate-street, ironmonger, June 27. July 29, at 1 o'clock, at the Bankruots' Court: solicitor, hlIr. Burr. Paternoster-row; official assigneo, Air. Edwards, Bambrookcourt. Basinghali-streat. Thomas Small Pack. Husband Poeworth, Lelceeter. grocer, Jone 21, - July 12. at half-past 11 o'clock, at the Birmingham District Court of Ba -nkruptcy: solicitors. lessreaWartnuaby and Fisher, bMarket HarIseroegh, and Messrs. Motteram and Knsight, Birmingham; official asigtnee3 Mr. Bittlestone. Birmingham. Villism Hlowe. Coventry, bailder, June 20. July 11, at half-past 31 O!dock. at the Birmingham District Courtof Bankruptcy: soiciZoes, Messrs. Wright, Birmingham official asagnee, ir. Whitmoro, Xirmingbham. WillJam Robinson Lowe, Wolverhampton, manufacturlnc chymist, June 26. July 17. at i0 o'stch.r, at the Birminghamn Dibtrict Court of S5akruptcy: soLdetor3. MSessrs. Deakin and Dent, WYolrerhamptoa, or Mr. Jamces, Birmingham; official alEignec, MSr. Christie. Birminebam. at the Bristol DistrictCourtt of Bapnrkrup>tcy: sliciLutyors,a Mr.OCl Makre Cannon-street-west, and3Mr. HIeaven. Bristol; official assignee, Mr. W2ilam Marks Benison Sanel, HSolsorthy.Devomhbire, ironmonger, Jone 19. July 17. at 1 o'clock. At the Court of Bankruptcy. Exeter: soLicitor. atS. Stogdon, :1Exeter; official assignee. 35r. Hirteel, Exeter. 1FEdwar dSmlith. Leeds, hosicr..June SD, at?2 o'clock.July22, atl. at the District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Mes. Caris and Cudworth. Leeds; official assignee. Mr. Hope, Leeds. James Hollinrake, lateof Spotland. near Bacup, and!elsewkere. ctton Sinner, June 25, July 1G, at 12 o'clock. at the Manchester District 6murt of Bankruptcy: soUcitors, atr. Hampson, Manchester, and Mr. ydarch. Pocbdalo; official asi nee, Mr. Fraser, Manchester. J3mes Daveyport. Macclesfild. watchmaker. June 26. July 17, at 12 o'clock, at theDanchester District Court of Bankruptcy: soUidSoM, bleassr. rArrott. Colville, and May, laclesflcld; official asignee, Mr, Hernaan, Manchester, DIVIDENDS. July 2. A Anderson. Philpot-4ane, merchaut.-Jnly l.W. WMPherson, Hatton-wali, oilman.-July 1. C. Long, Palace-row Nesw-road, glare :nercht-JuIy LH. BdLing. sen., and R. Billng, jun., brickmakeres, Iteadiuag.-July I, W. Robinon, MaiLdstone Jynendraper.-Juy 1, R. i. Coovr,'Throe-Coll street, Limehouse, oiLiman-J le L . a iobble, 3atrstB Pzrk.,farzner.-JulK I.G. Peacey. Aldermanbury.warchouseman. -July 2. J. Hayward C nurch-court. Old Jewry, woolen warehousesnan.-JuIr2, a IR Thompaon, OId Broad-street and Southampton, wine merchant.-July I. I Pledge, Croydon. grocer.-July . S. G. Yalrhraotbor,. Bow-Btreet, Covent-garden. printer-July 2, R. Waiste Noble-street, City, varehouzemrnas-Julyl, F. W. Thomas, Ieadenllr-seet, auctioneer.-JulV 1. J.Robimson, Nassau-place, Commerd-road-EdA, and Cannon-street-road, wholesale clthier.-July 2, 'w. Wiffiam. Ashford. Kent, contractor.-Jnly 1. W. Cooke, Alboertlerrae, PBow miller.-July l. J. N. Weeks, East Cowes, hotel keeper. -July % T. Wilkey Pre eeplacet Walwrorth-road, emery paper ranuaa urer .-Ju .1^.Ser cammee smit, eoAch-builder.- July 2, W. TYeMe b moo m anufacturer.-July 3. T. Xitts. Boiton. cottonspmnncr.-Jult3, S Lloyd. Manchester. i - ter.TJuly 3. WriJht Gun, Stockport, cer.-July 8, G. L LW Teicesier, Aflshmonre.-JnIy 8, Z Sherwin, Ltughtoroaigh, cur- yier.^ Julr 8, P. Freck.Notthinha55i grocer.-July 8, J. Park-inson, ~s'^ gan J. Parkinson, dun. I,Leecster. hoeiers.-July 2, R. BT. Bibby, Mach elsser, limo merchnnt.-^Jil 2,3J. PAhiips, W. and S. Hagnes, jtncseter. eotonAspinncr3.-UIy l* T. H[all, (dIdham bobbin-mAannfaolerer.-Jul3' W. Bothern, I^rerl glass dealcr.-July 9, Ri. D. Ileeres aodR. H+7 Dawsoe late od 1 1Ppl wine dealers,-July T, , Ir. DawsOn, late of lsiverpool, Tinecdealer.^^Jnly 4, N. and T. An-A lrews, Gaeheod, iroomoegera.Jly 4~ W, Crathorno, Bishop. seamouJtx groer. VEBlRTI'CAB lob'e giranted nal cus bo ehown to the OOcta'azy onU. s d ayfaietng. - J euly 3, .. J, tulmer. Gramni.bobbet, Bn7iok-5qu5e, *ipOwner erel. d. AY Doigso, Cwettonl dAler ine pi eaofters.-July T, 1:. Brow^, St. si?leii'e, tailor-July 3, W. Crathomne, BUlaopwc?-- I rtuh greeer.-July T.1D. l;ay, Livercool, four dealer -July 2. J. T.. flawson. 31:nchester, mzoney Seravner.-July 2, T. Gore, Man< 1 eater, nmachune mabo..-Jully 3, H. Sagar, Masnchester. jankeOper.- Jilb, A 1t.Serron, Clifton, Lancaulafro. licensed vice.ualler.-Jnlyll, R. oWev.Xn, B>ningbana, bneer.-July 14, T. WF. Winfeld and F. C. CL rke, Birminghmn, facors.-July2, J. Otler, ngston-upon-HU,L m:erchant. SCOTCH SEQUESTRATION. W. Paul. Borrowatinue%, ship broker, June 18, at I o'clock, si the Donr;:eiHot-l P--re,,,m-
LONDON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE U, 185g. In the Hoouse of Lords last night, after a discus*ion as to the consecration of cemeteries, which led to no result, Lord RAVyNSWORTn asked whether it was the intention of the Government to introduce any new plan for the accormmodation of the public by improved facilities of communication. The Malauis of L&N-SDoWNx replied that a fresh and inexpensive scheme for opening a communication between Pimlico and Pall-mall was under the consideration of the Government, and would in due time be submitted to the House of Commons. Several bills were forwarded a stage, and their Lordships adjourned. In the House of Commons, Mr. Ew vnrT moved for the appointment of a select committee to inquire into the operation of the law imposing the punishment of death. The main ground of his argument against capital punishment, he said, was its uncertainty. In all cases of infanticide by women a verdict of murder was not found, and waomen generally were exempted from the punishment of death, which was losing_ground In foreign countries, and its repeal, he contended, was strictly in conforw?tdy with the spirit and precepts of the CRospel. The question was one of expediency; punishment should be effective on the criminal and repressive of crime; it should be as far as possible equal, not pressing with undue severity upon one while it was scarcely felt by another; it should be as far as possible certain, and it should be revocable and remediable, whereas, he maintained, experience had proved that capital punishment was ineffective, unequal, and uncertain. He reiterated the argruments he had used on former occasions, and appealed to many authorities in favour of the total abolition of capital punishment, which, in the possible case of an innocent person, was irreversible, and 'which in all cases contained the ingredient of retaliatory vengeance. Private executions and occasional punishment had been suggested as remedies; but neither, he observed, would obviate the objections to the infliction of death, while a more lenient punishment, imprisonment for life, which would be more certain in its operation, would check false sympathy for the criminal, and carry with it public opinion. The motion was seconded by MIr. HADFIELD. Ir. DnratnuowD opposed the motion, observing that the precept contained in the words " Whoso sheddeth man's blood, bv man shall his blood be shed," was too plain to be controverted. He sugvested that, with a view of relieving Secretaries of §tate for the Home Department from importunities from the advocates of condemned criminals, whereby the course of justice was impeded, a certain number of persons, including the Judge who tried the case, should, if there he any fresh evidence, decide whetherit was fit that the prerogative of mercy should be exercised. Mr. -BLAcK3io:.E supported the motion. Sir G. GREY said he had so often expressed his opinion upon this question that he could not offer anything new against the motion, wlich he hoped the House, for the sake of society, and not to lessen the protection thrown round human life, would reject, the object of the motion being to abolish the punislhment of death in cases of the most atrocious miurder. Air. EwvART had contended that it was inefficient for the repression of crime; but he (Sir GEORGE) was bound to express his opinion that men looked at that punishment with greater dread than any other, and he appealed to statistical records in support of his conviction of its efficiency. He denied that it was more unequal than any other, and, with regard to its certainty, a large discretion must necessarily be left in all cases to Judges to apportion punishment to the diferent degrees of guilt. Capital punishment, he insisted, was not more vindictive in its character than imprisonment for life, and, as one which was most dreaded, he thought it should be maintained. The motion, which was opposed by Mr. LIDDELL, and supported by M1r. BROTHERTO and Air. WARxria, was, upon a division, negatived by 158 to 64. Mr. HEYWOOD moved for a select committee to inquire what public measures can be adopted to advance Bcience and improve the position of its cultivators. He supported the motion in a short speech, urging the deficiency of practical results of science in this country. MIr. MAcxNNox thought the mere givin(r funds for science was perfectly useless; that it did not create science, which depended upon the general education and genius of the people. The CHANcELLoi of the ExcHiQEon observed that the practical question involved in the motion was whether the Government, by the judicious application of public money, could advance science. But its terms were so indefinite, proposing merely that the committee should consider wlhether some means could not be discovered, that he doubted whether any advantage could be derived from the motion, which he recommended 3Ir. HE[VWOOD not to press. The motion was supported by Mr. Trrz. Lord STmusu suggested that MIr. HEnvooD should not press his motion then, but consult eminent scientific men as to the specific measures which it was desirable for the Government or the House to adopt forthe furtherance of his object. Lord PALmESTON said the difficulty lay in determining how science could be promoted by public measures, and he did not think the appointment of a committee was likely to lead to any satisfactory result. He should be thankful, he said, to any person who could suggest any measures within the scope of rar1iament or the power of the Government for the advancemrent f science; but he thought it better that the motion should not be pressed at so late a period of the session. MIr. HyWOOD withdrew his motion. Sir E. PEmRY caRled attention to the state of the law of property as it affected married women, and moved resolutions declaring that the conflict between law and equity on the subject ought to be terminated by a general law, based on the principles of equity, which should apply to all classes. He observed that English women had been deprived of the rights they enjoyed under the old common law by changes made not by the Legislature, but by the decisions of Judges, and that the courts of equity recognized separate property in a married woman. It was the duty of Parliament, he argued, to rectify this conflict between the courts of equity and of common law, by extending the principles of the former, as more in accordance with the requirements of the age, which would provide a remedy for cases of grievous hardship suffered under the existing law. The ATrornNy-G-msnAL concurred in the propositions contained in the resolutions, admitting that the rules of the common law on this subject were unjust in principle and injurious in their operation; that the principles of the courts of equity were in accordance with the requirements of the age, and that the conflict ought to be terminated. On the other hand, he recommended Sir EisxxE not to press the adoption of the resolutions by the House, assuring him that the subject had received the attention of the Government, and that it was their intention to bring forward a measure upon the subject next session. Mr. MAINs considered the alterations uncalled for. After some remarks by 3Ir. Musrz, The SoLTTrron-GmixAL said the true defect in the law lay in this,-that in case a husband, abandoning his marital duty, totally neglected the obligation which accompanied the gift of the wife's property, the common law could not enforce the obligation. The whole subject of the marriage law required great consideration, ancd he hoped Sir E. Pmay would withdraw the resolutions, which were not, he said, framed in a manner to induce him to recommend their adoption by the House, and trust to the assurance given by the AT oronin-GsinL that the question should not escape attention. MIr. WBrsmrD, Mr. J. PULLIMroas, Mr. CoLLst, Mr. Fox, and Mr. T. CaHsAmus made some observations, and Sir E. PERRY withdrew his motion. Mr. WnrrrsiDz moved for a select committee to inquire into the circimnstances of the purchase of the machine and invention for perforating postage labels by the Government from Mr. AcacsE, the inventor; and also into the circumstances undcer which the existing agreements between the Government and the contractors for gumming and printing the postage and receipt labels were made. Hle gave a copious narrative of the case of Mr. ARCEmR, who, he alleged, had been very unfairly treated by pub- lic departments, which he charged with sacrificing the public interests,-in short, with perpetrating a job. IMr. WuISoN gave in detail a counter narrative of the case, contending that Mr. AncmIE had been liberally dealt with, and cautioned the H ouse against granting a committee to unsettle an arrangement made long ago. The conduct of the departments was condemned by Mr. GROGAN and Mr. Mu=TZ, and vindicated by the CnA.Nc=oB. of the ExecaEQIuE. Upon a division, the motion was negatived by 57 to 39. Mr. MYs1AoN was moving for a Select Committee to investigate the operation of the recent statutes relating to the fisheries of Ireland, when the House was counted out, at 12 o'clock.
There are those who have no dignity at all, and do not pretend to it, as in the case of the man who, on being told that he was no gentleman, replied, " Who said that I was ?" There are these, again, who have dignity, and wear it so naturally, and easily, and securely, that they have never any occasion to assert it. They can afford to pass over those trifles that must needs occur in the perpetual collision of social beings. There is, however, a third class that is neither the one nor the other; that is neither casehardened against indignity, nor too noble for slight offence.t The man who knows what is right, but has not the testimony of a good conscience, and who cannot forego an advantage of doubtful propriety, is always in a fidget. You may see it in his face, for if nobody else impeaches him he is ever defending himself from imaginary impeachment. No doubt he is making an excellent case for himself, cnly it would be a vast deal better if he had no case to make. States are but aggregates of men. In the Old World we have occasionally had States over-sensitive andresentful. Spaiu has taken offence, andRussia has taken offence; so also have some other States, if one could remember them, and have either sent back our Ministers or refused to receive them back,or made some objection to them. But no State, that we are aware of, ever fixed upon us a quarrel of this sort, except as a set-off against its own ill practices or degradation. Self-defence always involves a degree of humiliation, and neither man nor State will undertake it but from the necessity of circumstances, of wealness, or of crime. Whatever the Americans may think of their own violent dignity and outrageous innocence, observers cannot help connecting these demonstrations with the habitual policy of their country. The weak point of their political morality is expressed by the significant word " annexation." It is a process as gradual and as regular as any husbandry or craft; as much a system as that by which the Roman Republic went on for centuries acquiring successively friends, allies, colonies, and provinces. Every weak country within reach of the United States is subject to a continual infusion of Americans, as adventurers, settlers, sympathizers, aud ultimately, in large bodies, as invaders, always claiming to act in behalf of the people themselves, though in the end it is they who are the people. At this moment Mr. WAinEs is at the head of a force consisting almost exclusively of American citizens, and his occupation of one. independent State and invasion of another with a force virtually enlisted in the UJnited States have been " recognized" by their Government. For our part, we are ready to take a vely liberal view of this process. We do not quarrel with that apparent destiny which seems to mark out the greater part of the New World for democratic federations tending more or less to a general unity. It is natural enough that territories and peoples in the neighbourhood of the United States should be leavened with their political principles, their commercial enterprise, and their restless race. The other stages they pass through are also natural enough. But temptation and crime are always found in the direction of nature. Here, then, is the temptation of the American conscience, the blot of their history, the wound' to their sensitiveness. This is the imputation they are always ready to encounter. A painful self-consciousness iS ever impelling them to claim a high standard in the matter of political sympathy. The result, of course, is that they are excessively virtuous, when virtue is showy and cheap; but their virtuo fails when it must be paid for. At the same moment they are magnanimously and obtrusively neutral in the battle of European liberty, and interferingswith considerable profit in the States of Central America. They have strained at a gnat and swallowed a camel, for the gnat was not worth an acre or a cent, but the camel may bring them at least one new State. This is only what we have often said of the quarrel, and, strange to say, the estimate is justified by the very letter of the result. The Government of the United States is forced, in spite of itself, to give up the question not only of municipal law, but of offended national dignity, and to vent its irritability in a personal objection to Yr. Cn.&vrTox. It cannot maintain, and does not maintain, that either the British Government or its Mfinister has done that which was first laid to their charge. But, as the quarrel began in pique, the offspring of pure sensitiveness, and as the pique survives, it must be satisfied. Mr. CORA'zoN must go. The PREsIDEnN has promised that to his supporters, and he cannot back out of it. But at this moment it becomes also necessary to recognize an American adventurer who is conquering neighbouring territories with an army composed of American citizens, and as much enlisted in the Union as if they had marched with banners and music through Washington to New Orleans. It would havo been impossible to carry on any longer, in the face of this recognution, the other game of political neutrality played off against our Government. Such are the inconsistencies in which mixed characters always involve themselves, and such the subterfuges to which theyaroultimately driven. A pompous accusation vanishes in smoke, the whole enlistment controversy in a moment is obsolete, and the Government of the United States falls back on the primary and undoubted right of every Government to consult personal feelings in the admission of foreign Ministers. Though the charge is given up, yet the accused has conducted his defence with unpleasant pertinacity. He is right in the main, but there is a mistake somewhere. In the language of the old epigram, they cannot tell why they don't like him, but this they know, they dlo not. Lord CLxAENDoN's explanation is admitted to be satisfactory, but there is an unsettled balance between Mr. CRAPToN and some American gentlemen, and he must be dismissed for making himself disagreeable. To such a complaint it is difficult to reply. The British Government cannot allege that Mr. DALhLAs is disagreeable because M:r. CRA=ON is charged with being so. It is not the custom for a great nation to take personal exceptions, and we never have dismissed foreign Mlinisters except on public grounds. The United States has driven itself to this refuge of weakness by pretending a strictness of neutrality it never observed when interest stood in the way; nor is there another Govemment in the world that on the same day would receive a Mvlinister from MIr. WA;-EE and dismiss one from Hun BRITrrAixiio MJEzS on purely personal grounds.
It is one of the boasts of Englishmen that they enjoy free thoughlt and free speech. It has been one of the reproaches directed against them that they make the most of either privilege. Every man has his hobby. Every coterie has its little panacea for the calamities or its pet scheme for the perfectibility of mankind, and these projects have their periodical developments at longer or shorter intervals, as the case may be; some at Codgers'hall, some at Exeter-hall, some even in Parliament. On these occasions the old arguments and the old illustrations are taken out and aired, just as the favourite dresses of ancient spinsters are removed from their wardrobes on certain high days and holydays, to be worn and then put by till the cycle of time calls for their reappearance. There is no great harm in this. Some persons get rid of the pressure of a grand idea, others of a long concocted speech; and all the smaU lions of small and select circles have their proper roar and their legitimate homage. Foreigners stare. Germans wink their eyes and revel in the imagined picture of a time when all subjective mysteries may be discussed without restriction as to repetition or reply. Frenchmen shrug their shoulders, and wonder why the English Government or the English Parliament does not interfere to prevenxt some peoplo from talking and oth-er from publishing these bis&s. The fact is, I-ss harm is done by allowing the3e topics to be airuw thau would arise from prohibiting their discussion. People learn all that can be said in favour of any proposition; they eliminate the wheat from the ch:ff, and in the end public opinion and the Legislature decide on selecting a modicum, and rejecting the greater part of the proffered elements. Among the subjects which have -emerged from the coterieinto Exeter-hall, andfromExeter-halI into Parliament, is the one which Mr. EwAxr annually parades before the Honse of Commons, and which was so paraded last night-on the abolition of capital punishments. Nothing new was said on the subject,. and nothing new was expected to be said. AU that could be affirmed for or against the motion the House had heard frequently before, and therefore took the earliest opportunity of closing the discussion by a negative. The fact is, that the arguments against capital punishment are resolvable into a sentimental horror of death, or a religious misinterpretation of Scripture. Death is a dreadful thing; hanging is a horrible tlhing; a man once destroyed by the executioner cannot be brought to life again; the New Testament does not enjoin such a penalty; ergo, we have no right to inflict it, and ought to substitute so-me other punishment in its place. Such is the line of reasoning usually adopted, with the not unimpressive adjunct of comments upon the obsolete severities of our code, and instances of victims who3e innocence was proved after their execution. Then, to these is added the new and fashionable doctrine that murder is the inevitable result of a homicidal tendency, which is born with a mian, and for which he is not responsible; that it is an infirmity, as much as squinting, and as unchangeable as the form of his head or the colour of his hair; and that, though we may shut him up for life, we may not take his life, even after he has taken that of others. With persons who really have faith in themselves when they utter these dicta any process of reasoning would probably be futile. All that we can hope is that the mania will not spread. The strongest weapon in the camp of the abolitionists is furnished by the obsolete severities of our former code. When we have hanged people for stealing property of the value of 40s., there is a pn-id ,facie case' made out to show our irrational love of capital punishments. As is always the case, one extreme in practice has led to another extreme in theory. Because it was ferocious to tak-e away human. life for stealing a leg of mutton, it is barbarous and unchristian to take it away for the murder of a humanbeing, complicated with all the steadiness of the most determined perseverance and all the artfulness of the most insidious cunning. Such is the reasoning of the abolitionists, and this should be a warning to all lawmakers against pitching the key-note of their legislation too high. Had not sedentary students mused over the details of the Newgate convictions during the last century, we should have heard much less than we do of the barbarity of capital punishments. If, as some of the abolitionists pretend, Christianity had repealed the right-we might call it the obligation-to inflict capital punishments, the whole question would fall to the ground. There would be neither place nor call for further discussion. Bat no authority is ever cited for this didtou. It certainly is not presented by any words that ever fell from the AvuroR of Christianity, nor by theteaching of the Apostolic age or that of the early Church. If-so grave and momentous an innovation, not only upon the laws, but also on the opinions and feelings of mankind, as would have been involved in the Divine prohibition of this extreme punishment on the worst criminals had really been inculcated by the FouINDFt of Christianity, wa should have found it directly and authoritatively laid down in the teaching of his followers, and the epistles of the Fathers of the Church, not less than in the earliest institutes of the Church. But the notion that members of a Christian community were, by their tenets or their profession, forbidden to inflict upon the assassin, the poisoner, or the ravisher the extreme penalty of death certainly does appear strangely remote from the tenour of those precepts to which Christians have in all succeeding ages been accustomed to look for guidance and direction, and equally remote from the practice of early Christendom. These columns are not the proper place for debating questions of a religious complexion; but, without professing to have recourse to texts, we think we may safely appeal to the general spirit which pervades the grand precepts of Christianity, not so much for the purpose of enlisting those on our side as of showing that they are not already on the side of the abolitionists. We suppose it to be generally admitted by all historical theologists of eminenco that, if one thing be clearer than another, it is that we are to interpret the New Testament, not literally, but by its general tendency and spirit. Applying such a rule to those passages which are usually cited to prove the wickedness of capital punishments, we say that they no more prove this than they enjoin every man who is smitten on one cheek by a drunken cabman to turn to him the other cheek also, or any gentleman who has been robbed of his dreascoat by his valet to make a present of his surtout to the detected thief. All that is proscribed is the demand of a vindictive retribution by the injured individual-not the infliction of a merited punishment by society. The man who is wounded, maimed, or half poisoned is not to wreak his vengeance by sharpening his stiletto or administering poison to his would-be assassin. Murder is not to be the reciprocated legacy of families, as it was in Corsica or Albania. But nothing more direct is said in the New Testament on the legal infliction of the extreme punishment than is said on the subject of hereditary monarchy, the right divine of kings, orthepopularright ofrevolution. Christianity does not forbid a man to defend himself against actual or prospective violence; neither does it forbid a society of men-a State-to defend itself against the commission or the repetition of crime. In fact, it enjoins all societies to use their best efforts to put out evildoers and evil deeds from among them. Whatever means may be the most effectual for compassing such an object, to those means it gives authority and countenance. Upon t,he question whether capital punishments prevent or diminish the crimes they are intended to repress, we have not unfortunately, and never can have, that full amount of comparative testimony which could alone decide the question beyond all doubt. While we inflict the penalty, we cannot affirm the degree of crime that would prevail without it; and, if the penalty were abolished, it would be under so totally different a state of circumstances that even then we might not be able to institute a comparison between the two systems. But we beleve that the certainty of such a punishment does much diminish the number of crimes committed. Our belief is founded on ourknowledge of the average motives and passions which influence humanity. Of these-in any given hundred persons-fear is among the strongest, and fear of an ignominious death te. strongest. Few can contemplate a judicial execution without a thrill of horror. Few can imagine it in their own case without a shudder of terror. The disgrace of it that lasts beyond the tomb-the shouting and reviling crowd-the gibing and jabbaring scorn of degraded women ma rafrlai men-these ara things which appal the soulS of men who woald be deterred from no crime 'by the prospect of a scacluded penitentiary aud the daily lectures of a clerical visitor. True, such ascene does not cow all, or elss t!ura woald be no atrocious crime, bat does its pirtial iefficacy warrat us in removing one strong curb from the passions of bold or crafgy inin, in orJer that we may bring the experience of eithetr system to the numerical test of guilt and suffering? D) es it justify us in sacrificing one pot-nt restraint of malefactors to an absurd literalness of Scripture interpretation, or to the wealhness of sentimenral humanity!
The correspondence with Sardlinia respecting tho affairs of Italy has just been pablished. lt will be remembered that while the Conferences were sitting we gave an abstract of the documents in which the Sardinian Plenipotentiaries, the Count DE CAvoun and M. DE VThL-AaAXINA, had, called the attention of the allies to the condition of the Papal States, Tuscany, and Naples. The collection now pub3ished con'tains the principal of these papers -the vote verbal read to the Earl of CLAXXNDOK towards the end of MIarch. To this are addedanother note addressed to the same Minister on the 16th of April at tle conclusion of the Conferences and Lord CLA=moN's answer, dated the 26th of May. Our best course is to lay before our readers some account of these affairs f-om the beginning, and to point out howr at the present momient the matter stands. The Plenipotentiarics of the King of SAnmDNiA seem by no means desirous to conceal that the readiness with which their codntry joined the allies, at a time when the struggle to many continental eyes remained doubtful, was prompted by the hopc that Eugland and France wvould be led to espouse the cause of Italy, in opposition to the repressive system of its own Sovereigns and the military interference of the Austrian empire. For years the Knox and Cabinet of Turin had struggled against the Imperial and Papal authority. The victory had at last been theirs, although their enemies had been powerful even within their own borders. But the situation of the Piedmontese Government could hardly be deemed secure. A first-class potentate, supported by the chief of the Catholic world and the whole race of Italian Sovereigns, was the bitter opponent or all that had been done; while at home the episcopate and p'iesthood resisted, and influenced that section of the aristocracy and' that section of the peasantry which in so miany countries are found united in anti-liberal feeling. It cannot be wondered that Sardinia should wish to assure her position. The European crisis gave an opportunity. The KISNG boldly sought the alliance of the Western Powers ; he added his armies to theirs, and, relying on their support, hebravedthe hostility, not only of the CzAx, but of that still nearer potentate, who, though he might affect the same views as the allies, would hardly forgive a minor State for anticipating him in active measures. Accordingly, when the Conferences met-when the great European question was decided-when Russia was about once more to enter the community of nations, the Sardinians justlythought that the time had come for them to speak. In spite of any diplomatic dictum to the contrary, ltaly is one nation. Every idea, every aspiration, every impulse, good or bad, which has birth in one part of thePeninsulais soon found influencing States and societies throughout the whole. Not only a feeling of common origin and language, but even the instinct of self-preservation as an independent kingdom, compelled Sardinia to call the attention of the world to the other States, and particularly to the Papal dominions. The condition of this territory forms the subject of the note of the 27th of March. Counat DE CAvou dwells long and eloquently on calamities which the whole world knows. The Papal Government is spok-en of in terms the indignant severity of which is not moderated by their tone of sorrow and moderation. The Pontifical Government exists but in name. The Legations have been occupied since 1849. The state of siege and martial law are in force, and there is no likelihood of a change. Above the Legates of the POPE an Austrian General assumes the title and functions of Civil and 3Iilitary Governor. We have before given the prOpOsition of the Sardinian statesmen. They see with sorrow the whole -state of Italy. In Naples horrors are enacted of whirh the world has had but a glimpse. In Tuscany and Modena the Austrians are supreme. In the Milanese and Venetian territories the people suffer all that foreign domination, military license, and the power of an unscrupulous police can effect in the crushing of men's minds and the embittering of their lives. But all these questions Sardinia leaves for the present. Sure reforms must have a moderate beginning, and consequently Count niE CkvOUr merely asks the secularization of the Legations and the withdrawal of the Austrian troops. We need not here enter into the details of this plan. It is sufficient to say that it woulld give to these old dependencies of the Porz an organization and laws similar to those which they possessed in former times. There is, indeed, nothing revolutionary in the proposal, and we are told that by the satisfaction it would afford to moderate Italians the plans of extreme politicians would be greatly disappointed. But Sardinia was not to be immediately successfuL It woulld seem that the salvation of a single State was considered enough for a single Congress. The independence and integrity of Turkey v.ere secured, and three days after the Sardinian memorial was presented the assembled diplomatists signed a peace, ancd prepared to separate, leaving the affairs of the PoPE, the E1MPnRoi, and the Italian M,onarchs to a more convenient season. On the 16th of April the Sardinians again address Lord CnAmDoix. Their tone is one of deep disappointment. They could not have thought that a great Power, having shown so generous an interest in the Christians of the East, belonging to the Greek and Slave races, would refuse to trouble itself with the populations of the Latin race, still more Unfortunate, as by reason of the advanced civilization they have arrived at they feel more sensibly the effects of bad government. " This hope," they say, " has been deceived ;" and we learn that, in spite of the good wvishes and the efforts of England and France, Austria was successful in her persistent demands that the discussions of the Congress should be strictly confined to the questions traced out before its meeting. That Austria was, to use the diplomatic phrase, " mistress "cof the situation" cannot be denied. She had been a useful, if not a disinterested or chivalrous ally to the Western Powers, and it was natural that, at a moment when the fate of Europe was in suspense, thev should deem the affairs of an Italian province of secondary importance. It may be remembered also, that on the day before this second Sardinian note was penned, a supplementary treaty between the Western Powers and Austria gave a new cast to the political relations of Europe. Sardinia, therefore, makes no reproaches; she admits that nothing more could have been done, but before the. Plenipotentiaries separate she draws their serious attention to the disastrous consequence which such an ascendancy of Austria may have for Europe, for Italy, and more particiularly for Sardinia. M1. DX CAvoun certainly " cries loud and It spares not" in this document, and we can hardly wonder at the indignation felt by the Austrian
FR&NCE. The dlonitcur of yesterday publishes the following _ "The Emperor left on Sunday for Angers. His Majesty did not go there from Tours in consequence of the state of the roads, and because he had not yet been made acquainted wvith the disasters which had afflicted the neighbourhood of that city. " The Emperor arrived at Angers on Monday at half-past G in the evening, amid the enthusiastic acclamations of the whole population. The houses were decked with flags. "H His Majesty immediately proceeded to the slate quarries of Trclazc. " On leaving tho Pr6fecture and along the whole line of the Faubourgs Br6tigny, Madeleine, and Des Justices the Emperor was greeted with demonstrations of the warmest sympathy." Thc Mon itetr also publishes the following " His Imperial Highness Prince Napoleon projects a scientific voyage to the North Seas, for which the Emperor has placed at his disposal the Imperial yacht tho meine I-ortense and the steam aviso Le Cocyte. "The Prince will leave Paris on the 12th for lavre, to superintend in person the preparations for the expedition. HisImperial Highness will return to Paris to attend the baptism of the Prince Imnerial, and will return to Havre to embark on the 15th. In addition to the members of his household the Prince takes with him a commission of Staff officers, engineers of the navy, and miners, naturalists, dL-aughtasmen, &c. " This voyage, during which the Prince will maintain an iogaito, will last about three months. 4 The command of the expedition is intrnsted to Captain Baron de la rwncicre LE Noury, commander of the Reine Hortense."
THE CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. PLYMOUTH, Tu;DAY. The Royal Stnart, Captain Tadman, from Batavia, with sugar, for Amsterdam, was off this port yesterday. She left the Cape of Good Hope on the 7th of April, and brings a small mail and several passengers, among whom areMrs. Montague, Ms Scott, Captain Bums, 73d Regiment, Mr. WVatson, Mr. Bushell, and Mr. Greenway. The groat question for the colony, that of responsible Government, has been gassed by the Council with a considerable majority. 1-he House of Assembly had preyiously decided on the eopodiency of this measure. All was peaceable on the frontier. Tho unsound mining speculations have evaporated, and those remaining were successfully raising copper in Namaqualand. After the late depression business Vs improving. Tho Wacousts and Meteor bronght the latest dates from England February 3. Spoke April 21 tho American ship Ariadne, 70 days from Akyab, for Antworp; MBay 29, tho Jessy Boyle, from Akyab for Cork; June 20, & the Livcnia, out five days, from London for Sydnoy, all % vell; and June 7, tho Hastings. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges t,~e receipt of the second halves of notes to the sir ouflt of 90l. from "E, V. A." for income-tax ; lie 5g1so acknowledges, the receipt of the first half of *fj 5.note towards the pawyment of income-tax for 1855-t' from "H a. 5."
THE ITALIAN QUESTION. The foUowing documents are extracte. from a Parliamentary paper just i-aued, contaiinin the correspondence which has passed between the British and Sardinian Govermments on the xtate of a$irs Italy:- "TEIB RL 0or CLAILENDON TO SIR JAES HunSOx. " Foreign-office, Way 26, 1856. " Sir,-I herewith enclosc the copy of a vioteW which was addr sseod to me when at Paris by the Plenipotentiaries of S-ardinia. ", The verbal contmunications which I frequently had the pleasure of holding with Count Cavour, both before and sulsEequently to the receipt of this note, can have left no doubt upon the mind of liis ExceUency that Her Majesty's Government take a deep and sincere interest in the affairs dare deirous of doing everything which can bedeby them with a view. to ameliorate the condition of the Italian people. " No fresh assurances celd add weight to those already given to Count Ca;vour, -and I did not, therefore, think it necessary to send an answn.r in writing to the note of the Sardinian Plenipotentinries; but as it bas come to the knowledge of Her Majesty's Government that it would be agreeable to the Sardinian Government to receive one, they cannot hesitate to declare their opinion that the occupation of the Papal territory by foreign troops constitutes an irregular state of things, which disturbs the equiLbrium and may endanger the peace of Europe, and that, by indirectly affording sanction to misgovernment, it promotes discontent and a tendency to revo,lution among the people. " Her Majesty's Government are aware that, as this state of things has novi, unfortunately, for some years been establislhed, it may be possible that it could not suddenly be brought to a close without some danger to public order, and the risk of producing evetts that all would deplore; but Her Majesty's Governuei,t are convinced that the evacuation of the Papal territo,ry riay be rendered safe at an early period by a pohicy of wisdom and justice, and they entertain a hope that the measures agreed upon by the Governments of France and Austria will lead to a gradual withdrawal of their respective forces, and to bettering the condition of the subjects ofthe Pope. "You will read and give a copy of this despatch to Count Cavour. "I am, &c., "' CLINMEINDON;! "Paris, April 10, 1856. "Thieunndersigned Plenipotentiaries of His Majesty the King of Sardinia, full of confidence in the sentiments of justice of the Go-ernnients of England and of France, and in the friendship w-hici they profess towards Piedmont, have not ceased to hope, sinice the opening of the conferences, that the Congress of Paris would not separate without having taken into consideration the state of Italy, and devised the means of remedying it, by re-establishing the balance of power, wlhich is disturbed by the occupation of a great part of the provinces of the Peninsula by foreign troops. Assured of the concurrence of their alies, they hesitated to think that any other Power, after having shown such a lively aud generous interest in the fate of the Christians of the East, belonging to the Slavonic and Greek races, would refuse to trouble itself with the populations of the Latin race, still more unfortunate, as, by reason of the advauced state of civilization which they have arrived at, they feel more sensibly tho effects of bad government. This hope has been deceived; in spite of the gcod wishes of England and France, in spite of their kind efforts, the persistence of Austria in requiring that the discussions of the Congress should remain strictly confined within the limits of the questions which had been traced out before its meeting is the cause of that assembly, upon which the eyes of the whole of Europe have turned, being about to break up, not only without the least alleviation having been afforded to the mistortunes of Italy, but without having lighted up beyond the Alps one ray of hope for the future, calculated to calm the minds of men, and make them bear the present with resignation. "The particular position occu ied by Austria in the Congress, perhaps, rendered inevitalble this deplorable result. The Sardinian Plenipotentiaries are compelled to admit this. Accordingly, without addressing the least reproach to their amlies, they consider ittheir duty to cal their serious attention to the disastrous comsequences which it may have for Europe, for Italy, and more particularly for Sardinia. " It would be superfluous to draw here an exact picture of Italy. What has happened in that country for many years pastis too well known. The system of repression and of violent reaction commiienced in 1848 and in 1349, which at its beginning was perhaps justified by the revolutionary troubles that had lately been suppressed, continues without the least modification; it may even be said, with some exceptions, that it is practised with redoubled rigour. The prisons and galleys have never been so filled with persons condemned for political offences; the number of the proseribed has never been ieore numerous; the police has never been more meddling nor the state of siege more harshly applied. The events at Parma only prove this too well. " Such measures of government must necessarily keep the population in a state of constant irritation and revolutionary ferment. "Such has been the state of Italy for seven years. "Recently, however, the popular agitation appeared to be calmed. The Italians. seeing one of the national princes united with the great Western Powers in enforcing the principles of right and justice, and in ameliorating the condition of their co-religionists in the East, conceived the hope that peace would not be made without relief being afforded to their misfortunes. This hope rendered tbem calm and resigned. But, as soon as they shall become acquainted with the negativeresultsof the Congress of Paris-when theyknowthat Austria, notwithstanding the good of fices and friendly intervention of En,,land acid France, has declined all discussion; that she has not even chosen to assist in the examination of the nians calculated to remedy so unhappy a state of things, there is no doubt that the dormant irritation will arouse itself among them more violently than ever. Convinced of having no longer anything to expect from diplomacy and from the efforts of the Powers who interest themselves in their fate, they will again throw themselves with southern ardour into the ranks of the revolutionary and subversive party, and Italy will become a glowing focus of conspiracies and disorders, which will he repressed perhaps by redoubled rigour, but which tho least European commotion will cause to burst out in the most violent manner. A state of things so grievous, if it deserves to fix the attention of thie Goveraments of England and France, equally interested in the maintenance of order and in the regular development of civilization, must naturally preoccupy in the highest degree the Government of the King of Sardinia. The awakenin" of revolutionary passions in all the countries which surround Piedmont, by the effect of causes of a nature to excite the most lively popular sympathies, exposes it to dangers of excessive gravity which may compromise that firm, progressive, and moderate policy which has lead such happy results in the interior, and has secured for it the sympathy and esteem of enlightened Europe. "But this is not the only danger which menaces Sardinia; a greater one is the result of the means which Austra employs to repress the revolutionaryferment in Italy. Suminoned by the Sovereigns of the smnall States of Italy unable to restrain the discontent of their subjects, that Power occupies militarily the greater part of the valley of the Po and of Central Italy; and her influence is felt in an irresistible manner even in those countries where she has no soldiers. Resting on one side on Ferrara and Bologna, her troops extend as far as Ancona along the Adriatic, wlich has become, as it were, an Austrian lake ; on time other side, mistress of Placentia, which, contrary to the spirit, if not to the letter, of the treaties of Vienna, she labours to transform into a fortress of the first order; she has agarris,,n at Parma, and is preparing to extend her forces all along the Sardinian frontier, from the Po to the summit of the Apennines. These permanent occupations by Austria of territories which do not belong to her render lier absolute mistress of nearly all Italy, destroy the balance of powver established by the treaty of Vienna, and are a continual mcsace to Piedmont. "H Hemmed in, as it were, on all sides by the Anstrians, seeing the augmentation on its eastern frontier, which is completely open, of the forces of a Power which it knows is not animated by frieisdly feelings towards it, that country is kept in a constant state of apprehension which forces it to remain armed, and to keep up defensive measures excessively onerous for its finances, already burdened in consequence of the events of 1848 and 1849, and of the war in which it has lately participated. " The facts thus set forth sufiiciently demonstrate the dangers of the position in which the Government of the King of Sardinia finds itself placed. Hlarassed within by the action of revolutionary passions roused aU around it by a system of violent repression and by the foreign occupation, menaced by the extension vi the power of Austria, it maybe forced at any moment, by an inevitable necessity, to adopt extreme measures, the consequences of which it is impossible to calculate. "The Sardinian Plenipotentirries do not doubt that sach a state of things must excite the solicitude of the Governments of England and France, not only on account of the sincre friendship, the real sympathy, which those Powers profess for the Sovereign whoalone, amongall, atthe moment when success was the most uncertain, declared himself openly in their favour, but, abovo al, because it constitutes a real danger for Europe. " Sardinia is the only State of Italy which has known how to raise up a barrier impassable by the spirit of revolution, and to remain at the same time independent of Austria; she is the only counterpoise to her aggressive influence. If Sardinia should fall, exhausted in force, abandoned by her alies; if she also were compelled to undergo the kustrian rule, the conquest of Italy by that Power would then be achieved. And Austria, after having obtained the great benefit, without its having cost her the least sacrifice, of the free navigation of the Danube and of the neutralization of the Black Sea, would acquire a preponderating iniluence in the West. " This is wvhat France and England cannot desire. This is what they will never allow. " Accordingly, the undersigned are convinced that the Cabinets of London and Paris, taling into serious consideration the state of Italy, will, in concert with Sardinia, devise the means for applying to it an effectual remedy. "IC. CsVOUn. " DE VILnAxAR1B - * No. 2.
THE QuEsN's VISIT TO CAnq Buxy.-We received at a late hour last evening intelligence from reliable authority, that it is in every respect probable Her Majesty Will visit Canterbury, but that it will not take place this week, as some had supposed, in consequence of tho Ascot Races attracting Royal attention. Her Xajesty's visit, it is stated, is for the purpose of distributing medals to the troops just returned from the Crimea. We trast our citizens will be u and stirring to welcome Her Majesty's gracious visit, and still further to carry out the suggestion-for which the time is short-of entertaining the troops on their safe return to their native land.-fanflsh Gazett of yesterday. Mr. Fillmore, ex-President of the United States, has been visiting some of tho large 3nanufactories irn Manchester, and spent the whole of Mlonday there. He left for Liverpool yesterday morning.
FOREIGN INTELLIGBNCE. FRACE. (rROM O0R OWN OORRUPONWZNT.1 JA!ralon of the followving appeared In our second editlon It_. rAID3, MONDAY, JUnE 9, 6 P.M. The Paris weather continues not merely fine, but magnificent; not a shadow crossing the sun, not a beam of that welcome and glorious splendour intercepted or dimmed, not a cloud traversing the sky. It is not that sort of heat which oppresses and deprives you of the power of moving or almost of breathing, but rather the warmth, tempered by a light breeze, which cheers and vivifies. St. Me'dard began well yesterday; Iet us hope he will be as propitious throughout. UJnder theinfluence of suoh weather people flock in crowds gaily to the Agricultural Exhibition in the Champs Elysees. It is the great attraction and distraction of the hour, and it draws to a close as the other great object of interest, the baptism of the Imperial Prince, commences. So far as mere excitement is concerned, the inundations, the Agricultural and Cattle Show, and the ceremony at Notre Dame next Saturday, ought to sufice for one fortnight. There can hardly be cited a better example of the power of the French to give elegance and impart even poetry to subjects the most prosaic and the most ordinary, than the Agricultural Show at the Palais d'Industrie. Independently of the useful part, the exquisite taste with which the ground in the centre of the building, so lately appropriated to far different objects, has been transferred into a delicious garden, calls for the greatest admiration. Grassplats with their velvet verdure, graceful flower beds, shrubs, fountains, groups of statuary-all, in fine, that could refresh the sight and shed a charm over the whole place, has been got together. Standing in the gallery, one might fancy one was looking over some fair valley, rich in verdure and fragrant in flowers, while the singing of birds from aviaries half concealed amid the trees and shrubs, the gushing of the cool waters as they flash in the stray sunbeam that shoots down through the crystal roof, and the occasional lowing of the cattle, complete the illusion. Never was it imagined that a cattle show could be made so interesting. This vast pasture, which has thus sprung up as if by enchantment, is flanked on both sides by the stalls in which the cattle, the nobler part of the Exhibition, are kept; and their occupants seem as if they were placed there on purpose to guard those fruits and flowers, those fresh and sparkling waters, and rich verdure from all unhallowed touch. The animals themselves, which are magnificent specimeens of their kind, are not the least picturesque .part of the show. They bear with admirable calmness the remarks, whether for praise or censure, of the visitors. They ruminate in their stalls, standing or lying down, with patient but not inexpressive visages, rolling their black eyes about at every one that passes. The show has already been described in a scientific point of view in your columns by so competent a judge that it would be absurd for a mere amateur of the picturesque to touch on the subject; but even those whose familiarity with animated nature hardly goes beyond the disting,uishing a sheep from a pig cannot help expressing their admiration at the magnificent display before them. There are some animals worth a journey to London or Paris to see. There is a bull, for instance, of size so gigantic, of symmetry so perfect, with a coat so white, so fine, so glossy, that he must be the descendant, in direct line, of the beautiful animal which bore off the fair daughter of Agenor, who gave her name to Europe. This noble animal, the property, I believe, of the Emperor,isthe objectof generaladmiration. As acontrast to this are the uncouth, savage-looking Highland bulls, with rough coats and dishevelled manes floating over their heads and concealing their wild and fiery eyes. These Gipsies of the bovino race seem utterly careless of all external objects, and appear as if they would prefer the bleak mountain sides to the most comfortable stall that art could furnish. To-day an artist was modelling the head of one of the black polled hornless Angus bulls, which are so much admired. The well-known restaurateur Philippe is not the last who will desire the prolongation of the present exhibition, or its frequent recurrence in future. "We shall meet at Philippe's" conveys a far more cheerful meaning now than did the evil genius who spoke almost the same prophetic words to Brutus. People do "meet at Philippe's" dayafterday, :nd tho oftener they meet the more they like to meet again. For instance, the members of the Irish deputation to the Cattle Show entertained some of their French friends at dinner on Saturday last at the wellknown and popular house in the Rue Mont-Orgueil, and, as may easily be conceived, such kindred elements could not fail to secure a social and agreeable evening. The chair was taken by Lord Talbot de Malahide, as one of the Vice-Presidents of the Royal Dublin Society, supported by the following leading advocates of agricultural improvement in Ireland, viz. :-The Earl of Erne, V.P., Lord Dunlo i (who represented his father, Lord Clancarty, who i was obliged to leave for London before the dinner), J. W. Napier, V.P., Sir Percy Nugent, Hon. K. Hlarman, George Roe, John Waring Maxwell, Captain T. Ball, Charles G. Grey, Major Quentin, William Owen, Henry Battersby, Spencer Percival, J. Kearmey, Peter F. Roe, T. W. Trench, Edward Purdon, and Lundy E. Foot and Francis John Waller, Hon. Sees. to the Royal Dublin Society. M. Morny de Mornay, Chief of the Department of Agriculture, and M. St. Marie, the head of the Executive Staff, to whom all parties were deeply indebted for the excellent arrangements, as well as for their uniform kindness and attention, were also present as guests, with M. Tisserand, late commissioner to Ireland, le Comte Angles, le Comte de Kergorlay, M. du Trone, le Comte de Courcy, le Baron Vauch, and M. Beaumont, who were chiefly associated together upon the different juries. M. Rouher, the Minister of Agriculture was also expected, but he was obliged to leave town suddenly to attend the Emperor on his tour to the scene of the inundations, and, as cordiality and co-operation are the order of the day, it was agreed to invite some leading members of the Royal English and Highland Societies, in order to render the meeting as true a type of this peaceful congress as possible. Accordingly Mr. Evelyn Denison, the President elect of the Royal English Society, was selected, to represent that body, but was unavoidably obliged to absent himself, and Mr. Hugh Watson, of Keillor, was unanimously chosen to represent our northern friends, as being best known and appreciated on the continent, his name being identified for so many years with the improved polled Angus or hornless breed of cattle, which attracted such admiration in the show-vard. After dinner a few toasts were given, and explained in French by the chairman to the foreign guests, and enthusiastic cheers from all sides followed the names of Her Majesty tlho Queen of England, Eis Majesty the Emperor of the French, and the Empress and new-born heir to the throne, to which M. de Mornay, in his official capacity, appropriately responded. The names of the different jurors also brought up some of the foreign judges, who expressed their imqualified admiration of what they had seen, and the vast benefits that were likely to result from this unprecedented gathering. The Grand Duchess Stephanie of Baden, aunt of the Emperor, arrived in Paris yesterday evening at a quarter to 6. The Emperor, in the uniform of a General of Division, and accompanied by General Roguet, his aide-de-camp, received his august relative at the station of the Strasburg Railway. The Duke and Duchess of Hamilton (the latter the daughter of the Grand Duchess) and the Minister of Ba-on were ewse present at the station on her arrivaL The G;rand Duchess Stephanie visits Paris for the baptismal fetes of the Prince Imperial. Cardinal Patrizzi is one of the few cardinals who belong to the order of bishops. He was born at Sienna, the 4th of September, 1798, and has belonged to the Sacred College for nearly 20 years. Hle was admitted into that body on the 11th of July, 1836, under the pontificate of Gregory XVI. Cardinal Patrizzi is one of tho oldest members of the college, and he possesses the titles of Bishop of Albano, Prefect of the Conaregation of Rites, and Archpriest of the Iberian Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore. He is also the Vicar-General of the Pope, and that office led in some measure to his nomination to his mission to Paris by the Holy Father. The Cardinal is Prosident of the Ecclesiastical Tribune; he has never been engaged in the general government or the foreign policy of the Roman States, and has taken no part in the numerous diplomatic negotiations with various Courts of Europe since the election of Pius I. The Emperor left the Palaee of St. Cloud this morning, at 6 o'clock, for Versailles, whe* a special train had been prepared to convey His Majesty to Le Mans. Ee was accompanied by his Aides-de-Camp, Generals Niel and Fleury, and was received at the station by Messrs. Lapeyriere, Director of the Western Railway, do r'Esp6e, Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Emile Pereire and CharlesLaflitte. The Emperor is proceeding to Angers, which he was uuable to visit on account of the. interruption in the communications. Several engineers accomipanied His Majesty, who arrived at Le Alans at 11 o'clock. The state of gloom occasioned by the inclemency of the weather and the inundations continues to hang over commercial matters. Large quantities of goods, however, have been forvarded to Russia, and the manufacturers have received from that country numerous orders, which are to be executed by the end of July, so that the article3 may reach their destination in time for the coronation of the Emperor. Fev purchases have been made by the UnIted States, which are still overstocked with French merchandise, aud the applications from the interior are iRsignificant. The iloods, which have desolated at least 30 departments of the Centre and South, exercise a fatal influence over trade generally. At Lyons most of the manufacturers have stopped working, although they have ample employment for their operatives. The price of corn experienced considerable variations during the week, in consequence of the sudden atmospheric changes. The, fine weather in the beginning had produced a fall of 4f. in the' price of flour, bat, heavy rain having again set in, the quotations advauced to the highest rate of the preceding week. The best sorts, which then fetched 93f. per sack of 157 kilogrammes, were offered on Monday for 89f., and buyers, expecting a further decline, kept aloof; but, the weather becoming again incleinent, plices immediately rose to 93f. and 94f. The supply of flour at the Halle had falen on Saturday to 14,000 quintals, from the difficulty of conveyance, occasioned by the floods and the stoppage of a number of mills on the Seine and Marne. Wheat likewise increased. All the provincial markets, feebly stocked, also rose yesterday. It is not yet possible to form an idea of the injury done by the inundations, but the accounts received from all the points not visited by thescourge agreeinstating that the crops have in nowise suffered, and present a magnificent appearance. The cattle market still shows an upward tendency, and the wine trade is languid at Bercy, in consequence of the interruption of inlandnavigation. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. 75c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f.; and the New Loan at 72f. 30c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,390f.; Great Northern, 1,145f. ; Strasburg, 970f.; New Shares, 885f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,520f.; Lyons to the MIediterranean, 1.730f. ; Western of France, 960f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 790f.; Great Central of France, 690f.; Lyons andt Geneva, 822f. 50c.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, I 1,850f.; Austrian Railways, 900f. Cawsa Au teique.-As, June 9.-Cash lrlce.- Fonr-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 yeas', 93f.; Three per Cents., 72f. 71f. 90c. 80c. 60c. 50c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 71f. 80c. 72e. ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 71f. 80c. 72f.; Tressury Bonds, 5 per cent.; Bank of France, 4,050f.; Cr&dit Foncier, 700f. ex. div.; ditto Obligations of Wof., Four per Cents., 440r.; ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; ditto Tentls, Three per Cents., 82f. oc. ; Prom. Obligations of 1,000.. Three per Cents,. 930£.; Credit MIobilier, 1,890£. 1,o8Sf. 1,875f. 1,S70f. 1,5751. 1,872E.50Oc. 1,870f. 1,865f, 1,850f.; Discount Bank, f00E.; PiedmonteseoFive Pe. Cents., 92E. 25c.; Rente de Naples (Rothschild's), 113; Romans, 87. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 3So.; three months, money, 25f. 2hc. THE POPE'S LEGATE. (PROMt OUR OwN cOrBRZsOio,ENT.) MARSEILLES, JuxE 7. The ringing of the bells of all the churches in this city and a salute from the guns of the forts St. John and St. Nicholas announced at 6 last evening the arrival in the port of the steam corvette Duchayla, having on board Monsignor Cardinal Constantin Patrizzi, Legate a Latere of the Pope, accompanied by three Roman prelates, Monsignors I. Capatti, CounciUlor of State and Secretary of the Congregation of Rites; Gianelli, auditor of the Rota; and Monaco de la Valette. Their Eminences were conducted into thei state barge by Monsignor Sacconi, Archbishop of Nice, the Pope's Nuncio at Paris; the Marquis de Crevecocur, Prefect of the department; MIonsignor de Mazenod, Bishop of Marseilles; and General Carondelet, acting for General lRostolan, Comi- indc-in icf of tic 9th Military Division. The Legate, on his landing, was received by the Baron Feuillet de Conches, Master of the Ceremonies to the Emperor, the civil and military authorities, I and a numerous Staff. Monsignor Monaco doalette then mounted a white horse, led by two grooms, carrying in his hand the gold cross which is borne before the Pope. The cort¶ge moved forward towards the Cathedral in the following order :-A detachment of Gendarmerie, a squadron of Lancers, the carriages of themunicipal authorities, the General and Staff, the Imperial outrider in green and gold livery, the Pontifical Crossbearer, in his violet robes,* the Legate, in soutane and scarlet camail, seated in a carriage beside the Baron Feuillet de Conches, the last carriage containing Monsignors Capatti and Gianelli. The corige was closed by a squadron of Cuirassiers just landed from the Crimea. The Legate, having arrived atthe Cathedral, was received by the Bishop, who assured his Eminence of the happines he experienced in saluting so worthy a representative of the Holy Father on so solemn an occasion. His Emience replied in a few words, invoking the Divine benediction on France and on the mission he is about to fulfil. Having been conducted into the body of the church, the Legate took his seat on the Bishop's throne. A Tc Dioum having been chanted, the Legate approached the altar, and recited the prayer to St. Lazare, the first bishop and patron of the diocess. The coi-tege then returned in the same order to the Bishop's palace, where the authorities were presented to the Legate. The entire party were entertained at supper by the Bishop. Raving attended Divine service at the cathedral this morning, the Legate and his suite proceeded by special train to Lyons. Monsignor Patrizzi was born at Sienna the 4th of September, 1798, and was proclaimed Cardinalthellth of July, 1836. The nission which the Legate is about to fualfil at Paris is not new in the history of the Roman Church. Louis XIV. of France and Maria Theresa of Austria invited the Pope to act as sponsor to their children. The accounts received to-day from the towns suffering from the late inundations are more favourable. A letter dated Arles yesterday states that the waters of the Rhone are diminishing, but the town is still flooded. The wheat crop in the Treban and the Plan-du-Bourg is totally destroyed, but a great portion of tho oxen in the Camargue, which were supposed to have perished, have been saved. At Tarascon likewise the waters are falling. A letter from Toulouso of the 4th inst. announces that the carriage road to Albi has been repaired. A temporary wooden bridge has been constructed near Croix Daurade. A letter from Draguignan states that notwithstanding the incessant rains the crops in that neighbourhood give hopes of a plentiful harvest. The vines show no appearance of the oidium. At the last sitting of the municipal council of Iarseilles the mayor proposed that a great portion of the money intended to be expended on public r ojoicings on the occasion of the baptism o the Imperial Prince should be devoted to relieve the sufferers by the inundations. This resolution was adopted unaninously, and 13,000 francs were voted as a first offering. The Lyons and Marseilles Railway company have placed 36,000 francs at the disposal of the Prefects of the Bouches-du-Rhone, Vancluse, Gard, Drome, and Rhone, to be divided among the most distressed. The interruption of the railroad from Tarascon to Avignon having caused serious inconvenienco to travellers from Marseilles, a provisional company of postmasters has been formed here, which undertakes to convey passengers from one of those towns to the other at prices varying from 50f. to 60f. The weather here has been most variable during the present week. The first two days were fine and warm, then came heavy rains, and for the last 24 hours we have had a violent gale from the northwest, with a heavy sea. The steam-frigate Rhin, which sailed from Kamiesch on the 22d ult., arrived here on Thursday, bringing 500 troops, 113 horses, and a large quantity of ammunition. The English sailing-transport Rajah-Gopaut, from Kamiesch the 26th of April, with 224 military and 133 horses, arrived the same day. ATJSTRTA. (PROM OUR owN COBnROl)D1T.) VIENNA, JUXE 6. The day before yesterday Prince Windischgr3tz, who is one of the leaders of the Russian faction in Auria, returned from Berlin, where he rceived the greatest possible attention from the King and the Rst-uz Zeituhng party. The Austrian Prince ahlo received great attention from the Eumperor Alexander, who spoke in flatterilig terns of the "political consistency" which he, MarthalRadetzkv, and Generals Count Schlick, Count Clam, and Count Jellachich had always displayed. One of the persons who was -with tbe Marshal in Berln states that theEmperor of Russia expressed his disapprobation of the inorerecentpolicyof the Austrian Government,butyouivill dowelltoremember thatpartyspirit runs very high here, and that the philo-Russians never neglect an opportunity of abusing Count Buol and his measures. It is a notorious fact that there is a very angry feeling towards Austria in Russian circles, but it appears improbable that one absolute Monarch should display so little tact as openlyto censure the policy of another. Prince GortschakofE wll be here to-morrow evening, and you may safely believe that his departue will prove much more agreeable to the Austn Cabinet than his arrival. The Wiener Zeitutng is publishing a series of arti. cles explaining the intentions of the Rloman Catholic hierarchy in respect to the future burial of Austrian Protestants. In the first article it is said that for three reasons it is well that the ordinance published by the Emperor Joseph II. in 1783 has been annulled.* The first reason given for burying Protestants apart from Catholics is, that it is better "from a Christian point of view ;" the second, that it is better "from a legal point of view;" and the third, that it is advisable "for the sake of humanity, and in order to prevent religious feeling being wounded." The article fills two colums of the official paper, but it contains Lttle more than thatit gives us to understand that in future there can be no equality of religionsin Austria. The Roman Catholic is the dominant church, and the others are simply tolerated. In a second article the Wieneer ZeiAung accuses the Vienna correspondents of the Assurg GJazette of forwarding "1lying reports" relative to the concordat; but it is wvell known here that the charge is totally unfoinded. It is credibly stated that the Episcopal Synod was inclinedto claim a very large sum from the State with which to form congrtta (fixed salaries) for those parish priests who at present have none; but it was obliged to relinquish the idea, " as Baron Bruck solemnly declared that, if the matter were brought forward in Council, he would at once resign his portfolio." According to an on dit, a lady of high rank expressed her astonishment that the Mtinister of Finance should display such great excitement about a matter "of secondary importance." There has been a tremendous fall in the price of the shares of the Austro-French Railroad Company, although the Austrian founders are doing all in their power "to bolster" them up until the fiery indignation of the public has had time to subside. The Austrians never had a favourable opinion of the soliidit of the French Credit MIobilier, but the recent juggle with the 44,000 shares has rendered them positively hostile to Messrs. Pereire, Fould, &c. The Neue Miinchener Zeitmig gives the following account of a hurricane wbich raged in Ratisbon (Regensburg) on the 31st Mlay:- "A little before 2 alouLd whistling sound was heard in the air, the clouds literallyfleo in a north-easterly direction, the atmosphere was loaded with sand, and tiles and slates began to fall from the roofs of the houses. In a few minutes the timber of the roofs was completely exposed to view, and hail as large as pigeons' eggs fell into the houses. The floors were soon flooded, and a great part of the furniture spoiled. All the trees on the side of the town which is opposite the Walhalla were either torn up by the roots or broken m the middle. The largest trees in the Ma-x Avenue broke like glass, and not more than 10 of the enormous lime trees at the Schiess-haus are left. Evervthing in the fields was completely destroyed by the haiL A waggon, heavily laden with corn, and the Munich 'eilcagern' (diligence), were hurled into the town-moat. People were thrown down in the streets, anddriven before tho blist. The great work. shops of Maffei are a heap of ruins. The beautiful stained glass on the south side of the cathedral has suffered m3uch. The telegraphic wires are destroyed." The thermometer, which an hour since was at 95, has fallen to 62, and there is such a tremendons storm brewing that it is almost dark, although but 5 o'clock. There was a regular panic on 'Change to-day. Austro-French Railroad shares fell to 235; Austrian Crdiit Bank shares from 383 to 364; Northern Railroad paper from 300 to 290. The other railroad shares fell about 1 per cent. National Loan, a five percent. paper, payable in silver, is at 83s. P.R. The lightning has just struck a house at no great distance from the spot in which this is written. The rain is falling in torrents. PRUSSIA. (FRom 0 our. ow coEwroB-.oENT.) BERLIN, JusE 8. Yesterday being the anniversary of the late King's death in 1840 all the members of the Royal family in Prussia, this time with the addition of the Empress-Mother of Russia, assembled, as is their wont, at Charlottenburg and devoted the day to retirement, religious exercises, and pious recollections of the deceased. On these occasions the mausoleum in Charlottenburg Palace-gardens, which contains the beautiful marble effigies of the late King and the much-loved Queen LIouisa, chiselled by the hand of Rauch, and beneath which their ashes repose, is the chief place of meeting and resort. On this anniversary all the theatres and places of public entertainment in Berlin and Potsdam are closed, and even the regimental bands of the garrison are silent. The King and Queen came in fromi Potsdam on the previous evening; the Empress of Russia followed at noon of the day itself. It is expected that the Empress of Russia will bring her visit to this Court to an end on the 13th inst.; that she will go and stay a week at Muskau, an estate belonging to Prince Frederick of the Netherlands; and then proceed to Wildbad, in Wurtemberg. tTer owni birthday, Jully 13, it is believed, the Empress intends to pas in Stuttgard. Advices from Tilsit show that the SEmperor arrived there at 4 o'clock in the morning of the 4th inst., andpassed on at once, after only a few minutes' stay, to Tauroggen. Before he left here (Berlin) the Emperor gave many indications of an intention to repeat his visit very soon; for instance, on leaving the ground on which the 3d Lancers had been exercising before him last Monday, he said to them " Farewell, men of my regiment; we shall soon see each other again." The expectation of his carrying out this intention seems to be connected with the possibility that the Empress-Mother may not feel herself disposed to return from Germany to Moscow to the coronation, only to set of F immediately afterw.ards to Palermo. fHer decision not to make this wide-lying journey would certainly not be surprising in a lady advanced in life, who requires to b e lifted from her carriage and carried np stairs, and feels hardly equal to driving a few mailes. Sir John Acton, the stepson of Lord Granville, arrived here on Thursday to make arrangements for his Lordship, who is expected to arrive here on the 19th on his way to St. Petersburg. Sir John, it is understood, will proceed forthwith to the Russian capital in advance of his Lordship, to put the hotel of the English mission there in readiness to receive its frtiure occupants. Prince Joseph Bonaparte, the son of Lucien Bonaparte and the Princess Zenaide, the daughter of Joseph Bonaparte, quondan King of Spain, is now here, whither he has come from Rome, by way of Vienna and Dresden. Other members of the Bonaparte family, who livo estranged from politics and devoted to the pursuits of science, have also from time to time visited Prussia, but as a general practice the Princes of that house have been led to believe that it would be better not to male any attempt of the kind. The necessity for any such considerations is now fast passing away: the ally of Great Britain, whose cordial and upright cooperation has made it possible for a check to be given to the overpowering expansion of Russia, will be welcome now in almost any State of Germany; and I am assured that the Emperor Louis Napoleon has already given the Duke of Saxe-Coburg the promise that he will visit him at his own capital in the course of this summer. That this promise will certainly be fulfilled would be too much to predict, since such matters depend upon too many contingencies for even the principal parties concerned to be quite free agents; I am assured, however, very positively, that the promise has really been given, and I can only add, that few steps would contribute more to secure the fuare peace of Europe, at any rate as ag,ainst Russia, than such conciliatory advances on the part of the Emperor of the FRrench towards Germuany. The great hold that Russia has hitherto had upon I In the ordinance alluded to the Emperor ordered that in future Catholics and Protestants should be buried in one A. IthAear,me cemetery. all these States, from Prussia downward, is their fear and distrust of France. It is whispered that the King- has. sent to the Emperor of Austria, through Prince Windischgriitz,. anivitation, or something amounting to one, to cometo the autumn manceuvres here. Thismethod of inviting not being indirect enough, considering the very tclklish footing on which the two Courts now stand, we. hear that even the suggestion tohint it was conveyed to Prince Wiindischgriatz by General Groben. Nothing having become known here positively of any intention on the part of Queen Victoria to visit this Court some time this year, the impatient greediness of the noveltymongers has led them to iix upon Prince Albert as about to favour the Royal Family of Prussia with his company. The visit of the Queen, however, though it may be no nearer t.hevished-for arrangementthan it was, is at any rate no further ofi The Prince -and Princess of Prussia will quietly meet together at Ostend in the first -week of July, as if for the purpose of sea-bathing, and when there will unobservedly cross the Straits and pay our gracious Queen a visit. General Wrangel, the Commander-in-Chief of the Forces in the Mark of Brandenburg, General Groben, Lieutenants-General Gerlach, Mollendorff, and Waldersee (Minister of War), have received high Russian Orders from tbe Emperor; as have also Herr von Massow, MIinister of the Royal House, and Baron Humboldt. With the ex.ception of the* last-named, all the above are known to bo Russianly disposed. In consequence of the death of his mother, Baron Budberg has been compelled to leave here suddenly for Heidelberg, where she had resided up to the time of her death; this unexpected event also prevented a projected entertainment being given at the PRussian Embassy to the Grand Duke Mfichael. General Count Benkendorff has been appointed Minister in Stuttgard. Among the other changes beingrmade in the Russian Embassy here may he mentioned, that Baron von Nicolay, First Councillor of Legation, proceeds to the London mission; Prince Labanoff Rostoffsky, First Secretary of Legation, proceeds to Constantinople; Count Schuwaloff, Second Secretary of Legation, has leave of absence. Further, M. Balabine, First Councillor of Legation at Vienna, goes to Paris; and M. Fonton, contrary to all expectation, will retirn to his post as Minister at Hlanover. SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 5th inst. On the 31st ult. the Queen, accompanied by the King, admitted to a solemn audience Count Clement de Waldkirch, who was sent on an extraordinary mission by the King of Bavaria to Her MIajesty. The Queen was surrotmded by her Council of :Nlinisters, the Grand Dignitaries of the Palace, a number of Grandees of -Spain, and her Ladies of Honour. The Bavarian Envoy, after placing in the Queen't hand the letter of his Sovereign, thus addressed Her MIajesty Madam, the King, my master, has honoured mc with a mission of the highest importance to your Majesty. Having been mado acquainted by His Royal Highness Prince .Adalbert of Bavaria, his youngest brother, with the noble asnd brilliant qualities which distinguish the Infanta Donna Amalia, daughter of the Infante of Spain, Don Francisco de Paulay Bourbon, the King, mg master, animated by a sincere desire to gratify the wishes of his beloved brother, and to see the two Royal houses of Bavaria and Spain united by a new tie, and aware at the same time of the interest felt by your Majesty for the happy conclusion of their marriage, has ordered me and given me full porers to open negotiations to that effect aith the Plenipotentiary your Catholic Majesty may be pleased to appoint. I consequently request that your Majesty will receive me with kindness, and give full faith and credit to all which I shall have the honour humbly to explain, with a view to accomplish the objQct of my mission." The Queen rep'Lied: " Sir,-The close union which has long existed between the lRoyal houses of Spain and Bavaria, and the real friendship I have constantly felt towards my ally and relative the King, your augustSovereign, render mostsatisfactoryfor me the presence at my Court of the Envoy chuged with the mission of negotiating the marriage of my most beloved cousin and sister, the Infant& Donna Analiaa, with Prince Adalbert of Bavaria. For my pxrt, I shall not only feel happy at the fortunate issue of the miasion confiided to you by your august Sovereign, but I wil co-operaia in the success of an object the realization of which would crown all my wishes, and to that effect I will appoint a Plenipotentiary enjoying my entire confidence." The Dieario Espanw gives anaccount of a conspiracy againstthe Queen. It says .-One Redondo Marquez had organized three months ago, in Madrid, a secret society, to which a young carpenter, named Fuentes, was affliated. This society having resolved to ildl the Queen, it fellto his lot to do the deed. Hewas promised, if he fired, a sum of 2,000 piastres, and if he failed to do so he was told that he would be murdered by his associates. On the 28th, at the moment the carriage of the Princess of the Asturias wvas approaching the Rua delArenal, he drew from his pocket a pistol, which he, however, was unable to discharge, a police agent having seized his arm. On being examined by the Civil Governor, Fuentez ave information w;hich led to the arrest of a number of individuals. Several houses of the Rua del Arenal were searched, but no arma were found in them. Redondo Marquez is a native of Almadenejos, in the province of Ciudad Real, and was always considered tobe a Carlist. Hle was at one tune confined at MIadrid for forgery. He is an enterprising and daring man. The Gazele makes no mention of these facts. In the Cortes, 2A. Torrecilla called on the Govern ment to say if there were any truth in the statements of the newspapers, but the Minister of Finance said that, as the matter referred to was under investigation by the tribunals, he could not give any details; but that, for the satisfaction of the Cortes and the country, he would state that the precious life of the Queen had been in no danger.
MONEY-MA BKTand OIT YIYTELLIGENCE. Tuesday Evening. The quotation of gold at Paris is about 2 per inifle premium (according to the last tariff), which, at the English Mint price of 31. 17x. lGhd per ounce for standard gold, gives an exchange of 25.22; and, the exchange at Paris on London at short being 25.35, it follows that gold is about 0.50 percent. dearer in London than in Paris. By advicea from Hambiurg the price of gold is 425 per mark, which, at the English Mint price of 3S1i Ts. 10d. per ounce for standard gold, gives an exchange of 13.5; and, the exchange at Hamburg on London at short being 13.6i, it follows that gold is about 0. 70 per oent. dearer in London than in Hiainburg. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at G0 days' sight is 1097. per cent., and, the par of exchange between England and merica being 109 2S-40 per cent., it follows that tle exchange is nomninlly 0.30 per cent. in favour of England; and, sfter maing allowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves a small profit on the importation of gold from the United States. The fall of nearly three-quarters per cent. which took place vesterday in the French funds, and wlhich is attributed to an intention on the part of the Governmentto fund a considerable amount of Treasurybonds, caused Consols to open this morning owith diminished buoyancy. The first quotation was the same as that of last evening-namely, 940 to -a' whence they receded until there were sellers at 9411 They then recovered to 94i to ;l-, at which they remained to the official close. After regular hours, in -consequence of a further decline on the Paris Botue, transactions again took place at 91 to 1 Consol Scrip left off at 2;2 to X premium. Bank Stock, 2t17 to 218; Reduced, 94 to i; New Three per Cents., 94a to A; India-bonds, 3s. to 83. preniium; Exchequer-bonds, 99; and Exchequer-bills, i5s. to &s. premium. MEoney continues abundant in the discountmarket, at rates about a quarter per cent. below t hose of the Bank. The operations in foreign securities have been numerous, but prices exhibited less firmness in the later hours. There wtS 1io particular activity in any special description, business having been very generally distributed. Tturkish Six per Cents. for money were negotiated at 99g, and for the accoumt at 99.1 and -. The Foulr per Cent. Guaranteed Stock- was dealt in at 103- for the account. M1exican, 22g and ,; Axistrian Five per Cents., 90; Brazilian Five per Cents., 100 ; the Four-and a-Half per Cents., Ner,, 95 ; the Five per Cents., New, 99; the Nstewv, 1843, 96; Buenos Ayres, for account, 764 and I, ; Danish Three per Cents., 84W ; the Five per Cents., 103; Granada New Active, 18 ; the Deferred, 71. Russian Five per Cents., 10h; the Four-and-aHla]f per Cents., 98 and 974; Sardinian Five per Cents., 92 and 92,t ; Spanish Three per Cents., 47j; the New, Deferred, for account, 25* Spanish Certificates, 'I; Venezuela, 291 ; the eferred, 123 Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 95l and 95; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 65X; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 96A and 95-. In the foreign exchanges this afternmoon there -was no alteration of importance in any of the rates. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 71f. for- nmoney, and 71f. 50c. forthe end of the month, shsowing a fresh fall of a quarter per cent., which makes a total decline of one and a-half per cent. within the past four days. 'The 3Iermaid has arrived from Port Phillip with :37,0C0 ounces of gold, and 50,000 sovereigns, making a total of 298,0001. The gold by the Asia fromNeew, York is 153,0001. The private advices from New York to-day state that no doubt was entertained that the Government would dismiss -r. Crampton. It was expected that his dismissal would be accompanied by a despatch to England, to the effect that the last letter of Lord Clarendon on the enlistment question is eniirely satisfactory ; but that, in consequence of 31r. Crampton having written to his own Governmernt particulars of conversations vith MIr. MIarcy, Sienators Cass, Clayton, and others, the truth of v;hich they deny, lhe has rendered himself objection- tiie to the Government at Washing,ton, and that they must therefore, for reasons entirely personal, decline having ftrther diplomatic intercourse with him. In the money-market the rates were easy, and the sutpply wvould lave been very abandant but for politicl anxileties. The bloodshed in .Kansas by the pro-slavery party and the assault on Mr. Sumner ini the Senate Chamber had greatly increased the want of confidence already caused by hlie bitter feelin-g bet.veen the North and South. Bnsiness was quiet as usual at this season, and was li'ely to remain so until July. A slight advance htad taken place in wvheat and flour, oming to a break in the canal beyond Oswego, which had teniperarily cut off the receipts by wvater from Buffalo. In the stock-market the improvement was eq;:.l to about onle or tn-o per cent. Erie Railway had advanced froni 55-y to 56, Reading from 88 to , Panarnaa from 99L, to 1.0Q, and lihnois Central i.ciids fro,m 86 to S7. -ercantile letters fiom Riga of the 5th inst. st ite that the Emperor Alexander had arrived at that port and w*ould reimain for a few days, during vhich business would be almost suspended. The -weather wvas exceedingly fine. The IRoval mail steamer Avon has sailed for Brazil -vith 78,6501. Letters from Buenos Ayres to the 29th of April statc that the principal feature of the treaty just concluded betwecn Brazil and Paraguay is the free uavigaticn of the rivers as fa.r aS Alattagrosso. It -was therefore expected that constailt communiication with th:at province would sooIn be established by :13razilian steamers. From Montevideo, umder date the 2d of MIay, it is mentioned that political matters appear to be settled for the present. The wveekly reviewvs froni the Anmsterdam and Pfotterdam produce-markets state that business was n-,t active, but that prices on the average were well maintained. The principal transactions lihd latterly bzen in sugar, coffee, and rice, while indigo had ahlro attracted zoeie attentioni. The letters from Rouen mention that the market for manufactures had experienced little alteration, the operations having been limited.
TPADE REPOR7. Tuesday Evening. SEUGAR.-The announcements of public auctions for the -week have been unprecedentefly large-viz., 62,078 bags, 2.304 hogsheads, 9 tierces, 976 barrels, and 994 boxes. Today they were 34,242 bags, 776 hogshcads, and 463 barrels. Therre was a brisk demand on the part of the trade, as well as speculatively, and the greater proportion found buyers at lht week's prices, anid in many instances at 6d. per cwt. -advance. The following awe the particulars :-23,991 bags 2I uzitius, low to fine brown, 37s. to 44&s-duty, 13s. 9L. low to good bright yelowv, 43s. Gd. to 4G3s.-duty, 15s.; cry,trllizil, low to good yellow. 46s. (d. to 4Ss. * 550 bags Cosiipore minddling yellow, 4(s. Gd. to 47s.; 7,067 bags Slam good and fine yellow, 4f0s. to SOs.; 2,632 bags East 3ndia, low 5oft date, 35s. to .3S. fGd. 1,493 hogsheads West Ilndia changed hands to-day. Privately a small floatina lavannais oargo wa2s yesterday reniorted for Plymouth at is. 3d. per c-t., and on the spaot the transaotions of Mauritius since Friday are about 3,CC0 bags, A large business is also said to have been effected in Mlanlla. CoFFEE.-The auctions of plantation Ceylon comprised 670 casks and 560 bags, of which the greater portion sold, the coloury sorts at full rates, 62-. to b9s. 6d., and the fine fine ordinary de-scriptions at G0s. Gd. per cwt.; 250 bales Mdocha were withdrawn at S3s. for long berry, and 54 halfbales at Ss. for short berry. RICE.-Since last week a very large business has been offteted, including a cargo of 10,000 bags Moulmein afloat at 10s. 6d. per cvt. The Ballam and MIoonighly sorts seem nmost in demand, although yesterday and to-day a good deal of lekrgal has been sold; old crop at 10s. to 11s. for middling to good, and new at 10s. 9d. to 12s. 6d. for small to good. A small parcel of fine Mfadras has been sold at 10s. per cwt. SALLTPETPE..-1,330 bags at auction werc bought in at 29s. to 0s. for 11 to 6 per cent. refraction; privately, 7, per cent, has been sold at 29s. and 5 per cent. at 30s. 3d.; in all about 1,000 bags. TALLOW.-The market closes -firmer. On the spot the price is 45s. 9d.; 46s. has been paid for the last three 3nonths. Cocsuu;mu.--Of 150 bags in auction about half were dis-posed of, ordinary ranginn at rather easier, but the bold at extreme rates; 114 hags El~onduras silver, ordinary to bold, Ms. Gd. to 4s.; 10 Hondurasblack, new crop, were bought in nt Gs, and 2G bags MEexican black, partly sold at 4s. to 4s. ld. LuATisER ANVD iHlVF.-The leather-market to-day was only moderately siupplied weith fresh goods. Increased activity prevailed for crops, butts, slins, and skips of all averages, with a tendency to higher prices. There was also snore inquiry for horse hides, but dressing hides and shaved jldes suet only a limited demand. In mark et hides quota. rSionsromana unaltered, v;ith limited supplies.
BAILWAY AND MINING SHARES. Tuesday Evening. The railway-market was not quite so buoyant today, and sales having increased at the close there was a tendency to healviness. The principal business was in English shares, but French and Belgian were also dealt in to a moderate extent. Those of the Indian lines showed great firmness, with a slight advance in some cases. Australian land and banking shares were fairly supported. Canada land left off 128 to 132. Miscellaneous securities presented no important movement, but quotations were generallv well maintained. Ottoman Bank, j to 7- prenivim; Bank of Egypt, parto i premium; Bank of Switzerland, i discount to j- premium; Western of London, 4* to 3k discount; London and Paris, 31 to 20 discount; Alliance, 2 to 1 discount; National Discount Company, ts to i discount; Riga railway, 21 to i premium; Lombardo-Vrenetian, 50 to A premiuma; Western railway of Austria, 1~ to 2ij premium; and Pernambuco, 1 to 4- premium. ORDINTAY SHARES AND STOcKS-
Cm COmImIssioN oF SEwES.-Yesterday at a Court wbhicl was held for the despatch of business, Mr. Eerbert Lloyd, a member of the Cour' of Common Council, attended and made a complaint on behalf of the inhabitants and owners of property hI Milk-street, Cheapside, of the filthy state in which that street continued from th3 Saturday afternoon to Monday morninu on account of the immense traffic and thd deposit of rubbish and refuse. It was ordered that the contractor for the future shonld cleanse the street on Saturday evening instead of morning. The Court, after imposing heavy penalties upon contractors for neglect, idj6u±rned. C- YTAL PALAOE.-ONE SHILLING DAY, Tuesday, June 10.-Admissions on payment, 6,475; ditto by season tickets, ?19; total visitors, 7,394.
BAILWAY IZTELEa=.m.,- SOTTTT-r-'FFA.RTV.RV A special general meeting of this company was leld ye6. lerday at the Bridge-house Hotel, to congider a bil now tefore Parlament for making a railway from Becklenham to St. Mary Cray; to anction an agreement in reference thereto; and to authorize the directors to raise 953,0001., being the remainder of the sun of 500,0001., agreed to be raised; the Hon. J. Byng in the chair. Mr. S-rTL, the secretary, read the notice convening the areeting. The CAUIRMiW explained that the present was a special meeting called in compliance with the standiog orders of the House of Lords to consider a bil for making a railway from Beckenham to St. Mary-Cray, being'an extension of the line now in course of construction from the Nort'h Sent ]Railway at Lewisham to lecitenham. It was proposed to to ask them to sanction an agreement for worklng the extension line. The line was to be a single one, five miles ia length, but the company were to apply for powers at a future time to construct a double line should the SouthEastern Company require it. The latter company were to work the traffic for 5& per cent. of the gross receipts, but during the first twoyears the Mid-Kent Company were to maintain the way and works. Should 50 per cent. of the gross receipts be not sufficient to pay the expenses of the outh-Eastemrn Company in vworLing the line, they could be allowed to charge more, but not to exceed 55 per cent. of the gross receipts. The remainder of the receipts was to be handed over to the'Mid-Kent Company in order to pay them 5 per cent. on the capital expended up to 93,0001. ; the remainder of the net receipts, after paying 5 per cent., would be equally divided between the two compames. The business of the company would be managed by a joint committee of three directors from each board. The directors were of opinion that those terms would be found fair for both artacs. They were rather moie favourable to the SouthMastern Company than those for work-ing the line from Lewisham to Beckenham which 'was being made by an independent company. The sharehoiders in this line were to receive 50 per cent. of the gross receipts until they amounted to 54 per cent. on the capital expended, after which the surplus profits were to be divided. The agreement with the. promoters of the line from Beckenham to St. Mary Cray allowed the South-Eastern Company 50 per cent. of the gross receipts. instead of 40 per cent., as in the case of the Lewisham and Beckenham, for the first tvoyears, being the period during which the new company would have to maiatain tho line and works. The net receipts ould exctend to a dividend of 5 per cent. on the cost of the St. Mary Cray line, instead of to 5} per cent. on the Lewisham ancd Beckenham ltaiwv3y. The fares would be regulated by the joint committee instead of by the directors of the worked line. The board recommended this arrangement to the shareholders for their sanction. It was right to state that in the House of Lords the clause sanctioning the agreement between the twro companies was struck Outt, and the Mtid-Kent Company had only permissive powers for enabling them to enter into a working agreement with the South-Eastern, subject to the approval iof the Board of Trade. Under these circumstances he would have two resolutions to propose to sanction an agreement, dated tlte 10th of April last, with Messrs. Dent and Bell, on the part of the Id-Kent llailway Company, for yorkin" the l3ine on the terms he had stated. He concluded by moving resolutionsapproving the agreement entered promoters of the line from Beckenham to St. Wary Cray, and also of the bill now before Parliament for authorizinlg the line. Mr. G. TisoisoN seconded the motion, M1r. HERArATH wished to have some informatiHon with regard to the line which they proposed to work, as there was no information in the circular respecting it. If the statemrment made by the chairman had been embodied in the circular sent to the shareholders, they woulndhave known something about what they were called upon to sanction before they caine to the meeting. He understood that the SouthEastern were not to find any capital for the new line or to fid any guarantee. The CHinmAar replied that they were not to subscribe any capital or to give any guarantee whatever. Mr. MALAUvru=-N thought it would have been a wiser measure for the directors to have raised money at 41 per cent. and made the lines themselves from lewisharn to Beckenham and St. Mary Cray, than to have agreedto terms which would give the shareholders of those lines Si or 6 per cent. If anyone ought to derive an advantage from the district of Mid-Kient it should be the South-Eastern Company, because they had expended a large capital in accommodating the county, and also about 470,0001. in Parliament in defending the district from invasion during a period of nine years. Since the Manchester gentlemen had come on the board a different policy had been pursued. He considered they were neglecting the best interests of the company by hot making the branches themselves. Mr. J. WuILsO said that, although a uer cent. and 5a per cent. were mentioned, there was no atsolute certainty of those dividends being realized. They ought to be very glad that people in tlied'istrict were sogoodas to makethe branch lines at tleir ownexpense, and agreevwiththeSouth-Eastern to work them on fair terms. He wished that the branch lines of all the railways had been provided on similar terms. Every line added to their system in a similar way must tend to bring additional traffic over the main line without anyI cost to them. M51r. E. J. HER APATH concurred in the viewvs of policy expressed bv Mr. Wilson in dealing with new lines, and vas of opuiion that if that had been the policy from the commencement the company would not only be in possession of its former 6 per cen,. per annumn dividend, but in the enjovment of a rate higher than that. As the company did not find the capital and snake the line, they could not lose anything by the extension line to the Crays, unless, inda-d. tlicost of vworldng it e-xceeded 55 per cent. of its t affic. A proprietor who could not attend the meeting had rcquestcdhim to state that he had been prevented from voting on the question in consequence of the terms of wvorking the new line and r.aising the hlew capital uot having been stated inl the circular callin gthe meeting-. That gentleman, it seemed, lied a great objection to vtote on a qulestion he knev nsothingabout; As lie could siotattendthe meeting hevished I to send his proxy, uam wrote a letter to the secretary requesting to be informed what the terms were. He received an answer which did not statc the terms. He wrote again, and received an assswer statinig the terms, but when this letter arrived it "av too late to send the proxy, as a proxy must be lodged five days before a meeting, and he was thus unable to vote on the question. (The correspondence, at the request of the meeting. was then read to the above effect.) Mr. Herapath declined to give the name of the proprietor, not having been so authorized. He had no wish to blame the officils, but aserely to point out thd disadvantages under which many of the shareholders were placed in consequence of the necessary information not being given by the directors in the circular sent to the shareholders. The Ccirurn%Trui observed, the proprietor had, by the secretary's second letter read, been iniformed of the terms. They had every wish to give information, bat they did not consider it necessar-y on that occasion. MTr. E. J. HERA.sAT11 said, that letter was dated the oth of June, which. according to the statement in the circular, was too late to lodge a proxy for the meeting. He (ir. Herapath) wished to know from thechairman whether he would be now in order to renew his resolution proposed at the former meeting to ena'ole the shareholders to cffect any necessary and useful chan)ges in the direction. The CAI.uRMsA said, the motion in question could not be put at that meeting. The Secretary then read the heads and sonie of the clauses in the bill. Mir. KAY, a director, defended the course adopted by the present board in avoidinig the expenditure of money on branch lines. It had been proved over asid over again that the branch lines mnade by great counpanies were suckers and not feeders. He vished to know whether the observations of Mr. MIaclaurin were intended as a feeler with a view to ascertain whethler the South-Eastern Conipany were again to fall into the fatal error of snainig branchlines. He (Mr. EHay) then read a resolution passed .at a former meeting, requesting the directors to have expunged from any bill powers for enabliiig the company to contribute towards subsiduary lihies, and he hoped that principle would be adhered to in future. After some observations from Mr. ALMCLAU.LN and M.r Trour, the resolutions sanctioning the agreement for -working the line and approving the bill were carried unanimiously, The CIIam,fls, then msoved a resolution authorizing the directors to raise 253,0001. by the issue of 41 per cent. 101. preference shares. In reply to Mr. Rerapath and Mr. Maclaurin it was stated that the number of new shlares would be about one in ten, and the quantity of stock 3o per cent. of the share capital. The 253,0001. would lnot be sufficient to complete the works contemsp!ated. by the outlay of the 500,0001., of which that -ould form a part, but that the borrowing powers of S0,00}. in respect of the Strood and Maidstone line would enable themi to bring their capital into a very small compass and to conmplete their works. M.r. E. J. seRTUPAT11 suggested that power should be takesn to redeesn the preference stock on peyment of a premaimin of 5 per cent., as it was probable they might be able to obtain money at ai munch lower rate of interest Mr. KY thloight it very unfair, after the directors and law officers had considered the subject of raising the new I capital in every w-ay, and lied adopted every precaution to insure a proper distribution of it anmong the shareholders,| for partiesto come there and suggest alterations in what had b-en determined upon. Mr. lis.nAs'.s thought the shareholders had a right to consider w hethe abetter-plan could be devised thanf that propounded by the directors, particularly as they had only just been informed by ,the directors of the terms upon which the capital WaS proposed to be raised. Mr. C. CMLI), a director, had no doubt that, if they could issue the shares as suggested bv 31r. E. J. Herepath it vould be an advantage to the shLreholders at some future time to redeem them - but as it was their third issue he did not tnink they could raise the money at that rate if thoy Were redeemable. He looked forward witl great confidence to the time -when they could convert the whole of their lorrowed capital into an irredeemable 4 percent. stock. After some observations from Mr. I'roup, MIr. Boeattiec Mr. IKay, and- other shareholders, the resolution -was agreed to, ' On the motion of Mr. J. WiLso, seconded by Mlr. E. J. HERAr,m1T, a vote of thanks was passed to the chairman and directors, and the maceting separated. - TAFFIC RETURNS. - l3csm Pas- iler- Total, Total, liailivays. open. wsngers. cisindseo. S556. 13. Zs. £0. £. £ WeekendlDgJusne4. blonsand anage .: .. 21 127 71 858 .. 858 Wee endtng Jura 7. tondona Birighton, a South I Coast - -1 83' .. 13S 11,429 .2963 14,392 13.662 South-Easters .. .. .. .. 0700 183438 Ghasgoirand Soa1th-Westem -r - n. - - - 6.124 5,9S8 Ilanelly'.. .- ..; .. 2Si. -- . - .. X0.. 314 Week cndng June8. Great Luxemboer . . .. 4 . - .. - . 18.. - r!oek ending' y29 ., -221 £a'iaAntstcia- ...: :._._.. 270 . 21i Weekendingmlay23. Great Western of Canada 233 3. 7,232 - 3,265 10,497 7. Z961- Week ending Miy 10. GratudTrunkof Canada .i 513 .L41S 3,854. .072 .. 4,68
MAGDALENE COLLEGE, OXFOBD. The following i5 the scheme of improvement proposed bythe Oxford Univer.sity Commissioners for MIagdidene College, Oxfrord: "IL The commissioners propo3e that thereshaU be henceforth in MTagdalene College S0 fellowvships and 60 demyahips. The institution of a considerable number of open scholarships, 'which will enable a large auunber of deserving persons to obtain auniversity education, appears to the commissioners the best mode of promoting the extension of the University, of increasing the efficiency of the College as a place of education, and of carrying out the designs of the founder, whose bounty was intended forresident students, under the circumstances of the present day. "IIL The commissioners propose that the dlemyships soould be eachof the annual value of 751. The value of the fellowships would thns beat present about 230!., but the amount of the College property now on lease affords the I rospect of a considerable increase, if the leases are run out. All these arrangements will, of course, be made subject to the sainng of existing interests. " IIL The deinyships to be tonable for five years, so as to give 12 vacancies every year. *IV. In ordor to encourage the new studies of the 'University, the cormnissioners propose that six of the fellowships and 15 demyships-that is, three each year, should be awarded according to excellence in the studies of 3mathematies and physical science. The commissioners propose that this arrangement should continue in force for the period of 20 years. " V. The commissioners propose that the College should contribute the sum of 2,40()0. a-year towards the endowment of the University professoriate. The founder of .Magdalene College strongly expressed his desire to promote the education not only of the members of his own College but of the members of the University at large, for which purpose he founded three public lectureships, well endowed according to the circumstances of that day. It was also the general object of his statutes toinsure a succession of learned men resident in O.xford, an object which will he reatly prometed by thebetter endowment and extension of the professoriate. And the rerenues of the CoLege, present and prospective, are such as to enable it to contribute the sum named, without detriment to the advancement of religion and learning among its own members. The commissioners wish to leave it to the College to say whether the contribution shall be made by annexing certain professorships to the College, or by paying over the sum of 2,4001. a-year to the University, to be applied towards the purposes of the professoriate. " VI. The commissioners further propose to make the following amendments in the statutes of Magdalene College " 1. The clause restricting the presidentship to those who are or have been Fellows of M1agdalene College or New College to be repealed. The ordinance effecting this would be so framed as not to prohibit the electors from giving a preference to members of their own society at their discretion. " 2. Fellowships and demyships to be conferred according to personal merits and fitness, all local preferences being "3. 12 of the Fellows to be permitted to hold their fellowships permanently as laymen. 4. The obligation to graduate in particular faculties to be abolished; each Felow, however, to be required at his option to take the degree of ;A)A., or the highest degree in one of the superior faculties. " 5. Fellows to take rank in College according to the date of their election, not according to their degree. " 6. The income of all the Fellows to be equalized, saving existing interests. " 7. The amount of property disqualifying for and avoiding a fellowship to be adjusted to the circumstances of the present day; its terms to be extended so as to include all inds of property, personal as well as reaL The commissioners wish to learn the opinion of the governing body of the College as to the amount to be fixed for the future in the case of Fellows. In the case of Demies the commissioners propose to abolish the disqualification on the grounds of property, the instances being so few in which the amount of property possessed by a young man is really an indication of his pecuniary circumstances. They would be glad to learn the opinion of the governing body of the CoUege on the question whether a general preference in regard to pecumary circumstances in the election to demyships could be jastly and effectively carried out, and whether it -would really promote the eleemosynary objects of the founder. "8. The President and Fellovs to be empowered to dispense with the residence of Fellows in cases where such dispensation may be consistent wiith the interests of the Col- lego, as a place of learning and education. "{9. The final election to the presidentship to be vested in the whole body of actual Fellows. .Elections to College offices to be vested not in the seniority, but in thePresident and actual Felow.s. The admission of actual FeUows to be vested in the President and actual Fellows " The governing body of the CoUege are requested to state whether they think it expedient that the election t o the demyships should remain, as at present, vested in a board. If aboard is retained, it Vill be desirable to modify it so as to meet any changes or extensions which may have taaken place in the educational staff of the Colege. The vote of the majority of the board, whether including the President or not, to be decisive in the election. I 10. Two CoUege nieetings at least to be held in every year; every member of the governing body to have liberty to bring forward at Colege meetings any relevant motion of nwhicl due noticeshall have been given. The vote of the majority in a Colege meeting, whether including the President or not, to be decisive of the question. The President to have a casting vote in all Colege meetings and elections. " 11. The pomwer of expellirng Fellows to be vested in the President and actual Fellows, subject to anu appeal to the Visitor. "It may seem most convenient to vest the power of expelling Demies in the same board which elects them. subject to an appeal to the Visitor. "12. The power of callug on the Visitor to visit the College to be vested in the majority of the governing body of the College. Any one member of the governing body to be empowered to take the opinion of the Visitor as interpreter of the statutes. " 13. The commissioners would prefer to substitute declarations for oaths in al cases; if the College desire to retain the oaths in any cases they should be greatly simplified. " 14. The College to be empowered to amend its statutes other than the ordinances of the conunissioners, with the consent of the Visitor. " Oxford University Commission, June 3."
TRE o.0 P 1T' X?A n -T T.TVoV,e,wrn. ,. -n Tu o arrivals from Ireland and coastvise during tho past week havo been smUil. From foreign ports vwe have received 14,5922 quarters cf wheat, 39 quarters of beans, 400 quarters of peso, 21,31u quarters of Indian corn, and 16,837 sacks and 21,963 barreLs of flour: and from Canada 4S2 quarters of wheat and 3.979 barrels of flour. The exports inthe sanmetimecomprise 2,712 quartersof wheat, 1,937 quarters of oats, 15.732 quarters of Indian corn, 331 loads of oatmeal, and 2,083 sacks and 1,QS5 barrels of flour. There has been a good healthy trade in wheat and tour since this day wveek, at steadily improving rates, as our supplies are (site inalequate to meet Itbe demand, and our stocks are therefore getting into a narrow compasS. ludian comr has been in better demand, and an advance of Is. per quiarter on yeUolw and mixed, and 2s. per quarter on white, generaDy established. The 'weather continuesextremely fine. At this day's narket there was a fair attendance of the town and country trade, and a good consuLmptive demand was exnperienced for wheat, at aoi advance of 3d. or 4d. per 701b. on red, and 2d. to 3d. per 70mb. on white on the prices of this day week. Flour was also in requzest, and nlust be quoted 6d. to Is. per barrel and Is. to Is. 6a. per sack dearer on the week. Oats aud oatmeal met with buyers to a fair extent, although h-lders insisted on ld. to 2d. per 451b. aud Is. per load snore money. Barley and peas remaied vwithout change in value or demand: but F.gyptiau beav nsemut be quoted ls. Oct. to 2s. per qvuarter dearer. There were not manybuyers of Indi.ancornpresent; howecver, a ferr business wras done in 3:elow and mixed at fOe, per queslter. WYhile attractedi considerable attention, and anything plrime off'ering at SOt, to 30s. 6d. per quarter was readily disposed of, LEEDS, TuEsnD.Y. JIraT. 10. We have a good demand for fresh wheat at 2s. per quarter advance o0n5the prices of Tuesday last. All other descriptions of graininfavour of the seller. IIRISTOL, JuNsz 10. Our corn-market has been moderately supplied with English wheat since our last report, for which an advance of is. to 2s. per quarter has been obtained. Foreign may also be quoted Is. per quarter hlgher. iakley, beaus. and peas, each I;. to 2s. per quarter dcearcr. Oats held for an advance of 6&t to Is. per quarter, which checks sales. Flour. both sacks and barrel,. Is. to 2s. hgiger. Buotter.-Demnind for Irish limited, the local supplies being plentifuL Potatoes, old in good snpply, and upwards or 140 tons of new. have arrived from Cornwall, ~hich sell at fron 22s. to 43s. er eivt., according to quality. The weather continues very fine and seasonable.
SOUW2H-BAS'EsR 1ItLWAY rA,I-,fi---+. I At a Special cnoralh 1,eoting of the Company. held at the Brioge Hocee liotel, London bridge, on Tuesday, the 10th ofJuneJ 185, the H.n. James yn inte hi The advectiaement convening tbo meeting baving been read, an a-reemeent, dated the 10th Of April. 856, aind matde between 'Meansy William let and Charles Bell, on behalf of the Alid ent Direct Railwray (Broinley to St. Mlary's Cray) Oompany and the SouthEastern Rtailway Company, weasread, and it was resolved,-. That the said agreement be. and the same is hereby approved and asaented to. - It was fuirther resolved,- 2. That the draueht, nowi submitted to the meeting, of a bill, now before Parliament, for making a railway from the anthorized line of tho 'est End of London end Crystal Palace Railway lExtension to Biromley and Farnhorouglh) at Shorthand%, in the parish of Ileckenbam-, in the coumtyof Kent, to St. Mary's Cray, in the same county, be, and the same is hereby approved, subject to such arltertions s to rarliament shal seem meeet. 3. That it as expedient. to raise £253,000 additional capital under the provisions and for the Purpoe,s of the South-Eastern Raltway Capital Act. 1151. and that that amnount of additional capital be raisaed aeconrdingly by the creation and issue of new shares in the undertaking -of the company, and that such share shall be of the amoutnt of SI each, and shall entitle the holden thereof to a fixed preferential divade,d or interest of't, per rent, per annum on the amount for the time being paid up thereon : sunt that they be isued in such msuier and at suich times, and the calls therem shall be of such am ounts and payable at such timaes as the directors shall think fat anid determine. 4. That such of the proprietors as, on or before the 30th day of June next, shall declare in -writing to the- secretary of the companystheir desre to tke tbhir rateobe r eon of the new sblare shall have the preference in the issue of them, mid that in the event of the whole nunmber of shiaes not )being so applied. for the directors shlzl then be empwerd t isue he emanin shresin such mannmer, on such term, ad atsuc tims a the shll cnsier expedient. I 5. hatthedirctosbcandthe ar heebyauthorized andrequied stonltheafreging rcnesoluions. th ton posto o h 6.thate ith beottaf the eeit6- fttahe Givernmn tote charman and drenctors of the -ctompany. S.lymn of IFS Sol pecretupry oth-e latnern Riflw tay,lodn-rtides conermnus, Jine1 howv6r pOiopoN CoUblishfig'a offcfrth-e vounterstandythat on thboseqund sief -h 'adis tron oipoeition of the sorhicunraiowners.ot, aiiuadothearsD ionsrcredi thei moaster howenver prpoea e~lsi at office foth r thena ulchm
COURT OF A LDER3Ar Yesterday a Court was eld for the despatch of puld;j business. THE lUNDATIOiS Di FR.A_NCr. . The LoRD MAYon.-Yielding to representtions madei to me, I have calied a meeting of merchants, bankersna,na traders-and I trust we shall be honoured by the presence of mmay noblemen and gentlemen frosa the western parts oE the metropolis-to be held on Friday next, at 1 o'tlock, it the Egyptian-hall, to express our sympathy with the sufferers by the recent inundations in France, and to raise -a smn to be added to the sabscriptions now maj-king at Pang for their relief. (Hear, hear.) THE TRIAL OF I-AIZXR. Aldemnan and Sheriff KmNNXDY.-My lord MIa-y, It beg to present to the Court sundry bills of. epenses con, nected with the trial of Wiliam P'almer, and move that they be referred to the Gaol Coommittee. Alderman COPELAND said, he was of opinion that thl Cleril of Arraigns at the Central Criunnal Court was the functionay to whom the bils should be handed in the fixstf instance, and who should then forward them to the countyj of Stafford. (Hear, hear.) He did not v-sh to preventthel biUs from being sent to the committee, but if this courso were pursued a precedeut might be set which might here-" after operate injuriously upon the funds of tlhe corporation; (Hear, hear.) Alderman WIRr said, a great number of bills had beenr sent in to the sherffs, which' must neces.arily be examined_ by some competent authority, in order that it might be seen whether the special act of Parliament under whicl Palmer had been tried authorized their payment. Ir.' Clarke, as the organ of the Central Criminal Court, -would. have to report to the Treasury, but it was casting too great a responsibility upon that gentleman to ask bhim to examine thebills without assistance and advice. (Hear, hear.) - Sir J. XUSGGRo-*E said, it behoved the Court to take greatcare how they acted in the matter; otherwise they nnDht establish a precedent of a very dangerous character, and -which would involve the corporation in an inquiry entail.. ing upon them not only great labour, but very considerableexpense. (Hear, hear.) The Gaol Committee might con-- sider that the accounts contained items not warranted bythe special act of Parliament, and the corporation mnight find itself in the position of being compelled to take proceed-. ings against parties to obtain payment of cerain sums of money. The mneaning of the act oughtto be constrmed by the Clerk of Arraigns, before whom the accounts ought to be' laid, and if that learned officer experienced any dificnJltyin. coming to a conclusion as to the source from which payment of the bills should be made, he could easily comue to, the Gaol Committeeforassistanceaud advice. (Hear, hear.)- Alderman FLnxm said, that an account of no less a, sum than 180l. odd had been forwarded to the Sherifimby Messrs. Buckler and Barnet, the shorthand writers appointed by the corporation to. the Central Criminal Court for taldng notes and furnishing and printinga transcript of thetrialof Palmer. Now, some years ago the. City Lands Committee entered into a contract with Zessrs. Buckler and Barnett, by which those gentlemen undertook. to furnish and print the proceedings at the Central Criminal3Court at a certain salary, amounting to some hundreds of'pounds. Under these circumstances he could not understand' how they had the conscience to send in an acCount of so extraordinary a character. (Hear, hear.) At the time that this contract was made the sessions lasted 13 or 14 days, and at the present time they seldom extended beyond three orfour days. By their contract they were also boend to find extra clerks and assistants in the event of the sessions lasting a longer period than usuaL That they should therefore: sendl in an account for extra services vwas one of the most mnawarrantable things he (Alderman Finnis) had ever heard of. (Hear, hear.) Alderman CoPELraiD.-I am quite of the same opinion as my friend Alderman Finnis. The shorthand writers': contract with the city was that the whole of the work' should bedone at a certain sum per annum-rather a large, sum, too. [Alderman Finnis.-Very large-about 9001. per annum !) Since that contract was made the number of' prisoners tried during each session has diminished by at least 70 on an average. Notwithttanding this, the shorthandwriters still receive the same amount of salary in addition to 7arious emoluments arising from their occupation at the Central Crimiinal Court. tHear, hear.) I anm thereforo more than justified in saying that claims of this naturo ought not for a moment to be entertained- (Hear, hear.) Alderman HumPumtY said, the account charged 12 guineas for attendance, 75-. for the transcript, and for correcting and printing it 82!. 12s., making up;ards of 1701. Sir P. LAuPmIE said, he could corroborate every word - that had fallen from Alderman Finnis. How the shorthand writers shouldhave the audacity to send in an acoount of that description he was at a total loss to understand, and he should certainly take an opportunity of n,oving that' their allowance be reduced. (Hear, hear.) The accounts were then referred to the Gaol Committee, with instructions to report specially upon them. THE iIATOIRALTY SEAL. The LorD MAYOR. handed to the Recorder the mayoralty seal, which stephe said he hadbeen requested to take in order: that it might be more accessible to the public. He, however, did not adnmit that it would be miore accessible to the public in the Mayor's Court than if it had remained in his own hands. The Court then adjourned.
THE PUBtIC HEALTH. (From the Registrar-General's Weekly Return.) In the week that ended on Saturday the deaths from all causes registerea wvere l,OGS, of wlhich 539 were deaths of males, 529 those GE females. To the people of L'nadoa the month of June is the healthiest in the year, and probably the mortality is now nearly as low as it will be this season. The average number of deaths in the first week of June during the ten years 184G-55 was 956; but, as the deaths of last week occurred in an increased population, it is necessary for comparison to apply a correction to the average, which makes it 1,052. The present rate of mortality there. fore exceeds the average, though only in a small degree. For six weeks, though the mean daily temperature has been occasionally above the average, the mean weekly temperature has been constantly below it. Last week 249 persons died from diseases of the zymotic character, of whom 174 were children; the corrected average for deaths at all ages in this class is 245. To diseases of the tubercular class, comprising scrofula, tabes mesenterica, phthisis, and hydrocephalus, 200 deaths are referred, the average being 210; to diseases of the nervous systeni 109, the average being 129; to diseases of the respiratory organs 119, the average being 133; to diseases of the digestive orgaus 67, the average being 68; to diseases of the heart G2, while the average is 4L Ten cases of smallpox are returmed 41 of measles, 42 of scarlatina, 44 of -whoopincough, 13 of croup, 58 of typhus and comimon fever. Three deaths from " febris" occuired in the wvorkhouse, Mile-end New-town, onthe 3dinst. and one on the 4th. In some instances at least the sufferers -were probably brought in vwhen under the attack. The-re appears to be a good deal of illness from nieasles in the south and also in the central districts. Nine childreal died from malformation, the naturo of which in a great proportion of the cases appears to have been cyanosis. Two persons died from intemperance, besides a young womuan who wras killed by faUing down stairs when intoxicated. Last week the births of S6G boys and 831 girls, in all 1,7-IT children, were registered in London. III the ten corresponding weeks of the years 1846-55 the average number was 1 4.o4 At the Royal Observatorv, Greenwich, the meau height of the barometer in the week was 2!t902 in. The mean daily reading was above 30 in. on tle last two days. Tho highcst reading in the week wa3 3015 in. on the 7th. ThE mean temperature of the week was 56-7 deg., which is tho highest weekdy temperature obtained this year, but is still 04 deg. beWow the average of the same week in 33 years (as determined by iTT. Glaisher). The mean daily temperature vas more or less above the average on fourdays. The highest temperaturein the week occurred on Tuesday, and was 75 5 deg.; the lowest on Friday, when the temperature fell to 41- ideg. The range of tlhe week -was therefore 34.4 deg. The thermometer in the sun rose to 103 8 deg. on Wednesday. The mean temperature of the water of the Theaes was 58-8 deg.; its temperature varied from 53-9 deg. to 62-1 deg. The mean dew-point teiiiperature was 4G G deg., and the difference between this and the mean temperature of the air was 10-1 deg. The vind blew generally froLuthe soathwest; on Thursday and Friday it was in the north. 2No rain fell in tbe week.
STAI5!B OF TRADE. - rANCaESTBrD, TUNi- 10. The market continues exceedingly flat, and businems has Only been done where sellers have been Willing to concedo 1 Ad. to 3d. per piece on cloth and a fraction per lb. on yarns. Some houses report a good inquiry for Indin, and an inquiry which thoy think will lead to businesi, but this is Dot the accolunt generally given by the trade. Thero have been some large offers at a decline, but they were at PriOcs which maniYacturers were unwvilling to entertain. KFo doubt one great cause of inactivity is the distrust occasioned by the political advices froin America. in yarns the reports of sellers are, that what little business has been transacted has been done at very irregular prices, but mostly at rates not quotably below those of thi day vweek. Buyer, on the contrary, report an advantage in oine cases of 'd. to id. per lb. laessrs. John Slagg and Co. say:-" The improved demand for India and Chiina goods which we noticed in our last report suddenly subsided in the early part of the week, and, as there his been no change in other descriptions, the market has been exceedingly flat throughout the week, with prices still tending doNvnwards. To-day, with somue few exceptions, there is no change to notice, aud it is only by-giving way 11d. to 3d. per piece from the prices of Tuesdsy last that sale to any extent can be effected." Meesrs. George Water, Son, and Co. report:-"There has again been a very tame mnarket to-day, and in some cases latherlowerprices ave again been accepted, or would be, in the event of direct offers being made. This refers bothi to rarns and goods. The actual quotable decline fronm wWee to week is, however, but small." LEEDS, JUNiE 10. There has again been a quiet market in the cloth-halls, and buyers have purchased this worning but sparin"ly. The news from America by the Asia steamer has not tad any perceptible effect on the market. Cloths suited fortho - rall trade are saleable at late rates, and they move off in moderate quantities; but all parties appear to be acting:. -with great caution, and immiediate rather than pro6pectiVe f wants are supplied. Theloal woolbrolkers are getting in their late prchaea at the London sales, at which they boughtlargelyof they finer kinds of Australiant wols. Prices are frm at fully - the closing terms'obtained at those sales. At Pontefra; 3 weol-market last Saturday there was a good supply of tsio-2f new clip of English wool, hut prices were rather lower tly;j - onthe preceding Saturday. Hog wool fetched from-17s,, I is. 6d., and ewe from 11s. to 17s. per 141b.
A W REPOBT. .COVRT OF CHANCERY, L so's.-N, Jutm I0. - GRAfl-GER V. SLIUGSBY. (Beforte te IoiDs JUSTxCES of APPEAL.) iLisa Catherine Fox by her will, dated in 1S37, gave her brother allher property, except a few pccuniary legacies, for his life, and if he should marry and have children she gave the same to them;- but she directed that, if he should ie a bachelor, at his death she gave the whole of her "fortune raow standing in the funds to Emma Slingsby." She made her brother her residuary legatee. Miss 'iox, at the date of her will and at the time of her death, had, nearly 6,0001. Bank Stock, and about 17000! in Three per Cents., and gther Bank annuities. Mr. Fox died a bachelor, and thg question was raised whether the Bank Stock passed by the words "standing in the funds." Vice-Chancellor Stuart Leld that they did not; hence this appeal 'Mr. Wigraia and Mr. Wickens were for the appelant, Mr. 3falins and Mr. Osborne in support of the Vice-Chancellors decision, and Mr. F. M. Nichols for another party. Their LORDDSsus, in their judgment, examined the will, and came to the conclusion that the Bank Stock did not pasS, and that, therefore, the decision of the Vice-Chancellor could not be disturbed. WV.tSHBOUR5 V. WVOODCOCK. There was a vied roce examDination in this case, which is an appeal fror a decision of Vice-Chsncellor Stuart refusina ti restrain an action brought against Mrs. WVashbourn, the 'wido.w and universal devisee and legatee underthe will of the late 31r. Wailhnm Washbourn, a wine nnerchant of the city of Glocester, and who during his life twice filled the responsible office of mayor of that place. As already stated, iis W'oodcock had, at the time of Mr. Washhbourn's de. cease, and had had for many years before, 4001. in his hands at interest, and it was left quietly in tho hands of the executrix for some months; hbut on its becominr know.-n that the deceased had not left property enough to pay his debts and leave a provision for his widow,; vho has 11 children, the creditor required either payment or further security. Mr. William Washbourn, after refusing on her. behalf to give a mortgage of her husband's real estate and to enter into a cove- ant to pay premiums on certain policies which were offered as security, agreed thatshe should give a bond for the money. The question raised was, whether Mrs. Washbourn, in giing the bondwhich she did, intended to give her own personal security for tho debt, or only to pledge the assets of her late husband to the* amount ? At the hearing of the appeal on the 5th inst. their Lordships agreed to hear the cause at once after a vitvd coce examination of witaesses, and *ccordingly the examination this day took place. Mr. G. L RnsseU and Mr. Kay appeared for the appellant, the plaintiff; hIr. Wigram and Mr. Hetherington were for the respondent. )lrs. Washbourn, who had made an affidavit, was called, had, cross-examined thereupon by hr. WiGn,im, deposed that she knew nothing of the bond before she executed it, and that its effect was not explained to her; that the pro3uissory note of her late husband was not produced, and she knew nothing of what had become of it. On re-examination by .Mr. G. L. RUSSELL she added that, she was not told by any one that she had made herself personally liable, and she never intended to make herself so. * On further examination by the COURT, she said she left everything to her son; that no one but her son, Miss Wood. cock's solcitor, Mr. Frederick Woodcock, and herself, were ,resent when she executed the bond; that no lawyer was employekl on her behalf; and she never saw the original promissory note. M1r. William Washbourn, the son of the plaintiff, deposed that, on behalf of his mother, he declined to give her cove- ant to pay the premiums on policies he had offered she should assign as a security for the 4001., and that he had never seen the bond before it was produced for his mother's execution. Mr. Addison swore that when Mr. Frederick Woodcock spoke of the bond which Mrs. Washbourn had executed, he spoke of it as an " eXeCntrixsliip" bond. Mr Frederick Woodcock deposed, that he prepared the bond, obtained its execution, and always considered that the widow intended to pledge her personal liability; that he then gave up the prolmissory note; that although a lawyer, and he knew that no Lawyer was present to advise M£rs. Washbourne, he did not consider it necessary to explain to her that by the bond she would incur a personal liability, and be not only liable as executrix. Their LoRDsunrs, after the case had been fully argued by ccunsel, came to the conclusion that Mrs. Washboura was vot personally liable upon the bond, and therefore they granted the injunction to restrain the action on the bond, and inade a decree declaring the bond to be void as creating personal liability. Their Lordships' were of opinion that it v, as the duty of the solcitor for Miss Woodcock to explain to Mre. Washbourn the efrect of the bond, which lie did not; or to see that she bad professional advice, which she had not. The costs of tne suit in equity to be paid by the defendant. The decree was directed to be without prejudice to any question whether the executrix had not so acted as to be hted to have admitted assets for the payment of the debt.
ROLLS' COURT, CI ?-CERY-LInr JwNE 10. IN RE -- {Before tkc lIASTER of the ROLLS.I At ttie sitting of the Court this morning a lady of amiable appearance presented herself before his Honour, and claimed sis assistance towards obtaining some property, to which she considered herself entitled under her father's will, but to recover which shewas disabled fromnot having the means to en ploy any lawyer, nor any friends who were capable and walling to assist her in so doing. She therefore asked permiisjon of the Court to sue in fona& 7Saupcris, upon the usulal afidavit, and requested the Court to name some one to assist her in her case. His HO?OtFR, after listeninz patiently to wshat the lady had to say, reqlnested that any doeuments she had should be handed up to him, and he woulld instruct his chief clerk to peruse them. If upon perusal the chief clerk was of apidon that the applicaut had any real claim, his Honour added there was no doubt but that she would obtain the assitance she asked for. TIHE UNIVERSITY OF LOSDON; V. YATRROW. This was a suit instituted by the Chancellor and Fellows of the University of London, praying that a legacy of -20,COOl. and the residuary personal estate of the testator in the cause might be paid to thenm. The circumstances of -the case are as follows :-On the 14th of December, 1846 Mr. Thomnas Brown, of Harcourt-street, Dublin, gave by wil 20,0001. Consols and the residue of his personal estate to the University of London, for the purpose of founding and endowing an institution " for investigating, studying, and endeavotuing to cure maladies, distemspers, and injuries to which any quadruped or birds useful to man might be subject ,"and he directed that such institutionshouldbe within a mile of either Westminster, Southwark, or Dublin. The will then proceeded to say that if the University of London should decline the gift, or if from any cause the institution should not be established within 19 years after the testator's death, the legacy was to pass to the Provost amd Scholars of the UJniversity of Dublin, for the purpose of maintaining Fellowships of three languages. Upon the death of the testator, in December, 152, the Uni-versity of London accepted the trust, and applied to the testator's executors to transfer the consols and pay over the residue. This the executors refused to do, upon the plea that the gift was void, and upon this refusal the University of London filed the present bilL M1r. P. PALMEP. (with whom was Mr. Amphlett) having opened the case for the plaintiff, His Hosou-R stated that the case could not be perfectly brought before the Court without the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars of the University of Dublin and the AttorneyGeneral were represented, and ordered the proceedings to stand over until the bill was amended in that respect.
VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COTT-J' .T1x in IJOPKDLS l'. TIE IS. F.wcn P.t x- l -1- I (Before Vice-Clhanncllor Sir WV. P. Won i The plaintiff in this case wasa holder of four shares in the Liskeard Canal Company, and sought by his bill to restrain the payment by the company of a debt which he alleged to be ilegal, and to restrain them from doing certain works which he alleged not to be -within the powers of the act of Parliament. The latter question was not argued, as the defendants said they never intended to do the works if any shareholder objected. The facts as to the debt were as follows :-The company by their act, which was passed in 182t;, was limited to a capital of 13,0001., with a powver of borrowing 10,0001. more upon a mortgage of the undertaking when the whole of the 13,0001- was paid up and expended. The whole of the 13,0001. was subscribed, but some of thc shares were not paid upon and the shares were forfeited. There being a difficulty in raising the whole 13,0001. by shases, the whole money that was paid up was expended, and the canal not completed, and there was a danger of thl whole concern falling to the ground. In 182, therefore, a general meeting took place, and the shareholders determined to investigate the state of affairs, and it then appeared that there was 1,4341. due upon calls, but whieh was not likely to be available, and they thereupon determined to borrow 7007., which sum a PMr. Borrow agreed to lend upon a bond signed by seven of the shareholders. The bond was accordingly signed, and the seven Ehartbolders had each four shares assigned to them bv way of security for the liability thus ineurred. No legal trarsfer of these shares was niade. The 7007. was expended upon the canal, which was by that means finished. The plaintiff was not a shareholder at that time, but he purchased four shares afterwards, two of which shares had belonged to a 1r. Langford, wvho was one of the parties to the original transactson, and one of the obligors of the bond. Part of the 7001. had been paid off out of the company, leaving due at the time of the filing of the biUl 5741. Mr. James and Mr. Hanson appeared for the plaiintiff, and contended that the debt was illegally contracted, and that the company ought to be restrained from paying out of the funds of the company. The debt was, in fact, the debt of the individuals who had signed the bond, and who had to take shares to indemnify themselves against the consequences; they were, in fact, shareholders, and the 7001. represented the sum which they had paid sup upon their shares. It was alleged by the defendants that .the plaintiff had acquiesced in the illegal transactions-first by purchasing the shares of onewhowas originally a part;cpator in the transaction ; and, secondly, by aving attended meetings afterwards and assented to the payments wlich were made, but they contended that there was no evidence of any such acquiescence. Nor could the argument that the plaintiff differed in his view from every other shareholder be of any importance. If he was legally in the right it was of no consequence that he stood alone. The defendants had acted most oppressively to the plaintiff, and had endeavoured to overwhelm him with costs. The comapany had put in one long answer, under the common seal, with long schedules. The committee of - management had put in another long answer with the same schedules; and the treasurer had put in a third answer againi vth the same schedules. Mr. James and Mr. Hanson appeared for the plaintiff-Mr. Rolt and Mr. Osborne for the company and the comz-xittee of management; and Mr. Willeock and Mr. Smale for the defendant Philp. The VICE CHIAANCELL0R, after adverting to the facts of the case and the position of the plaintiff, said that there was quite sufficient, on the ground of acquiesence, to preclude the plaintiff from obtaining any relief in the sut; but, in. ependently of that, the aotual sum to which, according to isis own case, he would be lable to have dedncied out of the dividend onhis fourshAres as so paltry, amountin to certainly rotmaoretban 7M., that it was not acase in w chthe Court ought to have been called on for the exercise of itsjurisdiction. The bill would stand dismissed against Philp,with costs, and-also against the other defendants, except as to any costs which they might have incurred by putting in two separate answers. i
ICOURT F QIPEEN'S BENCH. WESI:mnSTEB. Ju -W. I 33BN.EN V. THO3PSON. (Si&ings in Baneo, before Lord CAIr!BELL and Jusices COLAERIDGE, ERLE, and CP.onoj.) xnu ans case, which was an action by the vicar of Frome against a silk manufacturer in the same place foranuisance, a% rule had been granted, on the application of the defendant, calling unon the sheriff for the county of Somerset to show cause why he should not refund to the defendant the sum of 41 13sI., which it was alleged he had improperly demanded for the copy of a special jury paneL Under the 7th William IV. and 1 Victoria, c. 55, the sheriff was entitledto take such fees as should beauthorizedbythe Mfaster oftheCourt, and atable offees had been framed by the Judges, iuder whlch the sheriff was entitled to 1l. 4s. for warrant; for baiEff summoning special jurymen, 2s. each; and one guinea for his own attendance in court. The Common Law Procedure Act, 1854, had introduced a new system, and the 108th section directed that, instead of summoning distinct siecial juries in each case, the Judges of assize should direct the sheriff to summon a sufficient number of special jurymen, not exceeding 48 in all, to try the special jury causes at the assizes. The section then enacted that a printed panel of the special jurors so summoned should be made, kept, delvered, and annexed to the nzis prius record, in like time and manner, and "upon the same terms" as thereinbefore provided with reference to the panel Of common jurors-viz., on the payment of Is. (s. 107). The question nowv raised was whether the shilling so anthorzed to be taken for a copy of the special jury panel was all the sheriff was now entitled to charge for the service which he rendered in summoning the special juries. In the first instance but one special jury cause was entered, and the sheriffthen demanded6dtls. as his fees, but another special Jury cause having been subsequently entered, he reduced Isis demand to 41. 1s., the sum which it was alleged he ought now to refund. Mr. BOVILL, in showing cause against the rule, contended that the shilling was charged merely for the copy of the panel, and that the sher was still entitled to take the same t ae s before the late act. Mr. Lusi supported the rule. lord CAxPsELL said he was of opinion that the rule ought to be made absolute. Undoubtedly the sheriffs were entitled to be paid for the labour which they rendered; but whether that should be paid for by the public or by the litigant parties might he a question. The fee in this case, however innocently taken, must be returned, unless authorized by law. The table of fees settled by the Judges was not made in contemplation of the new law, which required one panel to be returned for the trial of all the specia jury causes at the assizes. Very little, however, would be done -where there were two causes for trial; but where there was but one the expense would be very heavy. His Lordship thought the sheriff was not entitled under the new act of Parliament to the fees which he had charged, and that the amount ought to be refunded. The other Judges were of the same opinion, and that the attention of the Judges should be called to the subject, with a view to the preparation of a new table of fees. THE QUEEN V. LLOYD. Mhr. Serjeant SHEE (with whom was Mr. Milward) moved for a rule callgin upon John Lloyd, the printer, publisher, and sole proprietor of a newspaper named the 2Times, published in the Welsh language at Liverpool, to show cause why a criminal information should not be filed againsthim for a libel published in that journal on the 1st of May last, containing an imputation ot improper levity on the part of the Rev. William. Marshall, a Rtoman Catholic priest, attached to the mission at Aberavon and Bridgend, in the county of Glamorgan. The learned Serjeant stated that the applicant, the Rev. VWiliam Marshall, had been educated for a Roman Catholic priest, and ordained as such in the year 1839, and that having been for some years attached to missions in the neigbbourhood of London and elsewhere, he at Christmas, 1853, became attached to a mission at Aberavon and Bridgend, in the county of Glamorgan. His attention had been called to a paragraph in the journal in question, imputing to him a charge of immorality which he thought necessary, to bring before the Court. The learned Serjeaut then read the article at length, in the course of which the writer, in justifying the religious tract distributors, said that their characters were such as would not allow them to go about with a young woman, as one of his (Air. Marshall's) flock did, with him at night, and in improper situations, though he professed celbacy. It also charged Mr. Marshall with demoralizing the town, but that was afterwards explained. The writer said he did not mean that he (Mr. Marshall wished to demoralize the town, but that since his arrival there had been a collection of low Irish in the place, who were addicted to drinking and other disorders on their return from public vorship. Lord C.AirBELL Rsaid the article contained an imputation of want of chastity, or at least of improper levity, such as would be unbecoming any clergyman. He (Lord Campbell) supposed the charge was denied. Air. Serjeant SHiEE then read the rest of the applicant's affidavit, in which he denied that he had ever said of the tract distributors that their characters were none of the best, but he admitted that on one occasion, when one of them came to a house where he was, he advised the inmate to take the tract wvhich was pressed upon her, and to burn it. He then denied that he ever walked with any woman except the governess of his school, and then only in a pubhc thoroughfare, in order to protect her ; and he positively declared that he had never in his life been found in an improper situation wzith any woman whatever, Lord CAnDE:a<La said the affidavit contained an ample denial of the charge, and the learned Serjeant might take a rule to show cause. Rule n*isi granted. TTE QUEEN V. TIE DSIKBITANTS OF IIIBSTED. Mr. WILLEs moved in this case that a nominal fine of ls. be imposed on the defendants. The extreme resemblance between the voice of the learned gentleman and that of his brother, the learned Judge, created a considerable degree of surprise and amusement in court: A glance at the learned gentleman's countenance was scarcely sufficient to satisfy Us that something superratural had not occurred, so identical was the voice. BAIL COURT. (Sittings in Banco, before Mr. Justice WTGuTrmAx.) THE QUEEN V. THE JUSTICES OF STAFFORDSInRE, Mr. BODEO showed cause against a rule calling upon the justices and one Badkin to show cause why the justices should not adjudicate upon a sumnmons issued by them requiring Badkin to appear and show cause why he refused to pay a rate. This rate was made under the 5th of George IV., c. 36, for the purpose of repaying an instalment of money advanced by the Public Loan Commissioners. By the statuteit was provided that the commissioners might advance sumsof money towards rebuilding and repairing churches, and it directed thechurchwardens to make a rate for the purpose of repaying the money so advanced to be recoverable as a church rate. The rate had been made accordingly,and the churchwardens obtained a summons against Rad in, as he refused to pay the rate. In the 6Sd of George I., c. 127, sec. 7, there was a proviso that if the validity of the rate, or the liability of the party summoned, should be disputed, the justices should not adjudicate. In the present case Badkin, having been summoned, appeared before the Justices, and stated that he objected to the validity of the rate, and stated his reasons for doing so, whereupon the justices under tne proviso refused to adjudicate. It was now contended that wEhen the party objected to the validity of the rate, and gave his reasons for such objection, the jurisdiction of the justices was at an end, and they had not the power to adjudicate. The justices had already heard both sides, and were satisfied that Badkin had a bond fide intention to dispute the rate. .Mr. HLDDLESTON, in support of the rule, urged that there was a difference between this rate and an ordinary church-rate ; the latter might be disputed in the Ecclesiastical Court. The present rate was for the purpose of repaying a lo3u. The parish had entered into the bargain. They might have objected in the first instance, before the loan was obtained, but they had no right to object to the rte after they had borrowed the moncy. The churchwardens were bound to make a rate according to the decision of the comsmissioners. The object of the act was to secure the repayment of the money to thoePublic Loan Conmnissioners. Mr. Justice WbolrAyx.-The churchwardens must mak-e a legal rate. 3Mr. HUDDLESTO?- admitted that it must be a legal rate. The rate was recoverable in the same manner as a church-rate; but the party could not dispute the validity of this rate. The objection must go to the validity of the rate, or the liability of the party to be rated. Here Badkin's objection was as to the quesstuv-that he was rated in too large a sum. Iuequallty of the rate would not go to the validity of the rate. The leamned Jun GE took time for consideration.
COURT OF COMION PLEAS, WVESTmSsTER, JUSE 10. LONG AND OTfETR V nApr t¶i:ccnas rn uanco. -rim7 T 'This was an action tried at Guildhal, in which the verdiet was found for the plaintiffs for 5701. the amount of their bill of costs as attorneys. To a part of the demand there pas a plea of gross negligence in the plaintiffs in suing on behalf of the defendant on a foreign bill of exchange not properly endorsed, in which action the defendant necessarly failed. A rule nisi having been obtained to reduce the damages by the amount of 221. Is. 3d., the costs in this action, Mr. Serjeant Byles and ALr. Raymond showed cause against the rule; and Mr. Montagu Chambers, Q.C., appeared to support it. It appeared that the plaintiffs had been requested by the defendant, as his attorneys, to bring an action against a foreign agent employed by the defendant on a bill of exchange endorsed to some one in Paris, and on this bill there wasno sPecialendorsement as required by the law of France. The action was brought, and the costs in question incurred, and for want of the special enldorsement the action failed and it was contended by the defendant that the plaintif6j' rdnging the action under such circumstances was such gross negligence as did not entitle them to any costs. Mr. Serijeant BYLES contended, in showing cause, that the plaintiffs were not bound to knowv the law of France; all tnat they professed to sell to the defendant was a knowledge of English law. Mr. RAYMOND, on the same side, submitted that all that was requred in an attorney was that he should have a respectable knowvledge of law. Mr. Justice CRESgWELL.-What do you meani by " respectable knowledge?" A man is very cunning, and very w%ise, and a very great rogue. Is that respectable knowledge? hMr. RAYmorND.-It was an unhappy epithet, and I had rather give up its defence. An attorney is not expected to know.-asmuch about law as counsel. legally, he is not bound to know anything about the French law at all. The COURT (without calling on Mr. Chambers) were of opinion that the rule must be made absolute. The circumstances of the case showed that the parties were not in a condipjp to sue T pon the bill, =ad the Court thought that thPre Wagross carelesnss in the plaintiffs in having done- Rule absolute to reduce the damages by 221. G5EAT WESTER- 5T.AILWAY COMrPANY, APEPLAn, v. BRYMZL, BYESPONDENT. Th,is was an appeal from a decision of the Judge of theCounty Courtof Glocester. Mr. Phipson appeared for the appellants and MIr. J. J. Powell for the respondent. Itappeared that the respondent, M1r. Samuel Rymell, had delivered a parcel of watches without giving any notice of the contents of the parcel, as required by the Carriers' Act, to a porter at the Great Westerd Railway station at Glocester to be convoyed to London. This parcel was never delivered. On 'inquiry, it was ascertained to have been placed in a locked box by the porter, and was said to have been banded. by him to the guard of the train. All the porters had keys which opened this box. The value of the parcel was 391. 9s. The respondent brought his plaint in the County Court to recover the value, and the appeLlants pleaded the?' Carriers' Act, to which the respondent replied that a felony of the parcel had been committed by the company's servants. At the trial it was sbown that no parcel had been delivered at any intermediate station, and the guard proved that on his arrival at London he had no such parcel as the one lost. The delivery of the parcel to the porter was proved, andthe porter stated that he handedit to the guard with other pareels. The learned Judeeof the County Court was of opinion that there was some evidence of a folony having been committed by the company's servants. The company. then called witnesses to prove that everv search and inquiry possible had been made after the parcel. The jury found for the plaintiff in the conrt below, and agaiust the company. It was nowz submitted that the' leatned Judge had misdirected the jury, in saying that there was any evidence of a felony by the company's servants. The LoBD Csrx JusTrcE was of opinion that the Judge was mistaken in his direction to the jury. There was no, evidence at all of a felony having been committed. Unless the Courts took this subject in hand, the statute would be no protection whatever. It was the duty of the Judge who presided, if he thought there was no evidence, to withdraw the caso from the jury, and not leave the jury, influenced by the addresses of oounsel, to decide the qaestion. Under the statute felony by the carrier's servant was sufficient to make the carrier liable; but the felony must be affirmatively proved. On the other hand, under a carrier's agreement negligence alone was sufficient to make a carrier liable for the loss of a parcel. The other learnedJudges concurring, the appeal allowed, or a nonsuit.
I COURT OF EXCHEQUE&R TuESDAY. Tt1NE 10. 'LNEW iI{L...L rAPERL ORIUPFIMTS 'V. RIGBY. _ji&tutz inl Banco.) Ar. :6eseant HAYES (with Mr. MPIntyre and Mr. Coxon) showed cause for the defendant against a rule for a new trial in this case, which vwas an action for ten years' rent reserved on a lease of a colliery in Flintshire, so long as the same could be " fairly workable." The chief ground of the rulo was that Mr. Justice Erile,. before whom the cause came on for trial at the last litntshire assizes, had omitted to direct the jury on the meaning of the words "fairly workable," but had left the question to the jury. The learned Serieant having referred to and read the notes of the summiig up of the learned Judge which had been taken by his learned coadjutors at the trial, contended that though it mtight be that in so many words the learned Judge did not explain to the jury the legal signification of the phrase in question, he had in effect said that which amounted to a direction. The COURT, -however, without calling on r. Welsby and MEr. Bevan, who appeared to support the rule, were of opiluon that the learned Judge's direction was open to tho objection raised, and that it was his duty to put a construction upon the langtage of. the lease for the guidance of the Jury. 3r. Serjeant IIAyEs hoped that if it was the opinion of the Court that there should be a new trial on this simnple point they would go a step further, and lay down themselves, for the guidance of the Judge, what was the con. struction which ought to be put upon the lease. -The COURT declined to give any such opinion. It was quite enough to say.that the Judge at Nis! Prius ought to have put a construction on the language of the instrument, and that he had not done so. There must therefore be a new trial, on the simple ground of misdirection. Rule absolute accordingly.
COUBT OF BA RUPTCY, BainghU-srect, June 10. IN RE BR-ADBEE AND BRADEEB. (Before Ar. Commissioner Ev.&Ys.1 Ine Danxruprs, lataer and son, were fringe manufac. turers in Newgatestreet. HIis HONOUR now gave judgment on the question of certificate. He said the certificate was opposed by the assignee on the ground that the bankrupts were gailty of reckless i rading, and also that they falsely told a creditor who was| about to discount bills for them that the bills were not accommodation bills, but were given for goods sold by them. It appears by the bankrupts' balance-sheet that at the period when the partnership commenced the elder bankrupt owed 4,6651. 1s. 4d. more than .ll he possessed. There werenoprofits, but he spent 3,2001. Thechargefor discounting is 2,5051. Mlore reckless trading can scarcely exist. No doubt the case of the younger bankrupt is not so bad, for he appears to have paid his father 1,0001. when admitted into the partnership, and got his wife's trustees to advance further sums of money. The conduct of the bankrupt was most extraordinary, and amnounts almost to madness. As the creditors have allowed the banirupts to pass,Ipresume they are satisfied there is no concealment. Wfith regard to the charge that the bankrupts falsely stated that the bills they wished Perks to discount d were not ncc0miodation-bills,- hat hills in the regular course of trade, I feel satisfied that such is the fact, and that this case comes within the 25Gth section of the 12th and 13th Victoria, C. 106. Were I to act as I think I ought is. this matter I should refuse the certificate altogether. Nothing can bo more injurious to commerce than that a trader should go on trading after knowing himself to be hopelessly insolvent, but, as the Court of Appeal has a different opinion, I, of course, submit to it. dMy judgment is that the elder bankrupt's certificate be adjourned for 18 months, and the *,ther's for six months, both to he without protection for t,hree months, the certificate iof the elder bankrupt to be of the third-class; that of the young¢er of the second-class. (Before Mr. Commissioner FONBL.QE.) i2 t}E JOS SOLOMON. The bankrupt, of 96, Vine-street, Minories, traded as a beer merchant, under the style of " Barclay and Co." This is the second bankruptcy, and the bankrupt has once paid a composition to his creditors. His amended accounts now filed show-unsecured creditors, 2,4491.; *creditors holding security, 2,5141. (including 2,0921. to S. L. Sanville, also bankrupt, for advances on consignments of ale, stout, and porter to Constantinople and Balaklava); and assets, 1901., exclusive of consignments; 4,1711. in the hands of creditors; other consignments, 4011.; and doubtful debts, 8271. This was an adjourned examination meeting. After some questions by Mr. LEVESOS, the bankrupt was allowed to pass. Mr. W. G:rout, cooper of Stratford, a creditor for 571., handed to the Court a documeDt which had been given to him by the bankru tas security. Itpurpbrtedtoben abon given by Colville George Lord Colvile, of Ochiltree, Scotland, to Barnard Isaacs, Esq., of Woodstock-street, Oxfordstreet, for the sum of 5001., and to have been signed, sealed, and delivered by him in the presence of W. H. Poolc, solicitor,Bartholomew-close. Mr. GR.OUT wished to have the opinion of the Court of the bond. Bis HoNovui (examiningthe bond and smiling).-It is not worth the parchment on which it is written. The sooner it finds its way to the butter shop the better. (A laugh.) The bankrupt declined to sign his examination papers, the day being a Jewish holyday. There was an examination meeting in the case of G. Robinson, bookseller, Clapham-rise. MIr. Chidley, for the assignees, not objecting, the bankrupt passed. There was a certificate meeting (before Mr. Commissioner Holrd) inthe case of G. A. MI'Lean, tailor, High Holborn, Lewis opposing andMr. Baey supporting. The COURT granted a second-class certificate, after six months' suspension, with protection.
INSOLVENT DEBTOBS' COURT, Junc 10. _- 2 J-n Ake W"IMOTT rIALCOLMSON. (Bcfore Mr. Commissin'er MupIxiy.l -L.ae msolven; tue wldOw ot DJr. Malcolsson, who had been in the service of the East India Company, was opprsed on behalf of Messrs. Reynolds, army agents, of Coruhll. The complaint was that the insolvent had committed a frand on the opposig creditors, one of whom, Mr. Lowe, was examined. It appeared that the insolvent is in the receipt of 255Z. a-year from the military fand of the company, of which 901. a-year is payable as aensions for her two children. Mrs. Malcohmson had wvith her children resided in France, and the opposing creditors were her agents. They had advanced her 10 a-month, and were to receive the pensions under a power of attorney she gave them. Beforthehe last half-year's pensions became due she appliedforl0I. extra, which wasnottransmitted, andwhenthe opposing creditors went to receive the smallpension theywere surprised that it had been received by the insolvent, who had come over from France. On the Ist of May last she received 105Z. of the other pension, and two days afterwards they arrested her on a judge's order. She now accounted for the disposition of the money, having paid a relation 251. Mr. Lowe said they were agents for a number of persons, and it was necessary to bring such a case as the present before the Court. Mr. Commissioner MuRrHY ultimately adjourned the case to Saturday, with thejview of a settlement, remarking that he had a strong opinion on it. He suggested that 501. should be paid down, and some arrangement made for the balance, so that the money could be received and they might continue as agents.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, Tu(csdZy, JTUe 10. (Bcfore U1: PAS Y, Q.C.. Assistant-Judqe.) Edward Thomas, 56, a pauper surgeon, wag indicted for having unlawfully mutilated the dead body of Georgo Harding. which had been intrnsted to him for interment. He pleaded " Guilty." Mr. Poland appeared for the prosecution, instructed by the solicitor for the parish of Clerkenwell, mnd, the prisoner having been placed at the bar Tbe learned COczNsEn said that the prisoner bad been an mate of Clerkenwell workhouse for some time and had charge of the dead-house, in which situation he had tho care of the bodies of paupers previous to interment. He was charged with having mutilated the body of a decearsepauper named Harding by removing part of the head and face, and the instant the circ=ustance carne to the know.- ledge of the authorities they instituted proceedings against him, for it was not to be tolerated that the bodies of paupers .hould be subjected to mutilation, to the disgust and horror of their frends and relations. His Lordship would see the nature of the easofrom the depositions, and be r. Poland) would only call attention to the evidence of the constable, -whihshowteatthe -prsoaeer-.bd the-intentiono otelling- that part of the head which he removed. ; The ASSI T .JrT-`JDGE said that was clear on the evidence. 3r. POLAND saidit appeared that such parts of the head and face were sold to eutists, who took mipressions fr6m them in wax,for the purpose of placing teeth in them for exhibition; and there was no doubt the prisoner had been gailty of this offence before he was supected, and at lasb detected. The prisoner, addressing the Court, said he had been for some considerable time suffering from a painful internal disease. What he was charged witl hehaid done for the benefit of medical science, and it was b such exaninaltions of parts of the body that medical science had been brought to the high state in which, confessedly, it was at the present day. Post 221oloens examinations were now far more numerous than they were in his earlier days, particularly at coroners' inquests; the prejudice against thern was dying away, and the more they were extended the greater benefit to the profession, and the more was it calculated to expand the humnan intellect. He was a member of the Royal College of surgeons, and had done this for the sake of science; it was to ascertain the cause of death. The deceased was partly an idiot, and he had labonred under inperfection of speech. The parts of the head and face which he removed would have been very valuable for examination, with the view of finding out the cause of such imperfection, and he intended it for examination for that purpose. He had been surgeon on board ship, but had been unfortunate. He gave 1,OOOC. for a business ihich proved a failure; they were higher then than now. He obtained high honours at SrGeorge's and other hospitals; but somehow.he never could meet it anY success in his profession-it was all the other way.Th evidence of the constable was to show that heo had intendedt to dispose of the detached parts. The policemate ought to have warned him that what he said would be made evidence against him; it was an insidious way of I etting evidence against a man. Hle said he could have disposed of or buried the parts, but he should submit that his having made use of the word " dispose" did. not necessarily imply that he meant to " sell" the part of the head for mere gain, it miight have been " disposed" of in many other ways besides Is selling." Mr. POLAND said a post molrtesn examination had taken place in rh egular wvay, the cause of death was ascertained and it was after that the body was given to the prisoner to be sevn up and placed in the coffin. The parts of the head and face removed by hime had not the least importance with theview of scientific or anatomical purposes, and the I prisoner could not have taken them for any purpose but i that he had mnentioned. The prisoner said, though the parts were removed from the body, they were not taken from the premises, and he. had not at the time the least idea of the legal consequences of what he did, or he would not have done it. The AsIsvaTA.r-JunGe said the prisoner, it seemed, had received the body of the deceased pauper, after a proper post mo-tem examinationhad been performed, for the purpose of placing it in a coffin for interment, and he took advantage of his position in the workhouse to saw off part of the head and face to sell and dispose of the same, no doubt for his own benefit. It appeared that he had been in the workhouse six years. That he wasa person who had been in a superior position was evident, and as a member o' the medical profession he must have kn, nithat he was doing an nalawful act in mutilating that dead body. It was of importance that aU persona who became liable to be inmates of a workhouse should knLm that, as well as being maintained during life, they would beproperly treated and decently buried fIter deat'h, and the Court would mark this case in snucl a n nneras would let it be known that all such cases -iuld 3m A let with severity of punishment. The sentence upon the piisoner was that he be imprisoned for eight calendar monlts. George DanhiDl, 13, was indicted for having stolen two gold studs and other articles, the property of Charles William Davis, his master, and Susan Dunhill, 45, his u:other, was indicted for feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen. They pleaded " Guilty." The. ASSISTANT-JUDGE sentenced the mother to eight months' hard labour, and the boy to two years'hard labour, with the view of his being sent to the Reformatory, at Redhill. Timothy Donovan, 18, was indicted for attempting to steal froni the person of Elizabeth Mary Scott. He was found Guilty. The prisoner had been repeatedly convicted, aud in May, 1855, he was sent to the Philanthropic Farm School at Redhill, and when he committed the offence he was now charged with he was on leave of absence from that institution, and now appeared in the dock in the school dress. The CO1JRv sentenced him to 12 months' hard labour. Maria A tkins, an old woman,was sentenced to 12 months' hard labour for robbing ready furnished lodgings. (Before Arr. CREA4sY.) William O'Bryan, 22, was indicted for stealin" a silver watcb, value 31. 1s., the property of George bullivick, from his person. M{r. Daley prosecuted; Mr. 3Metealfe was counsel for the pisoner. The evidence clearly made out the case. The robbery .was committed at the Shoreditch station of the Eastern Counties Railway as a special train was'about to leave with anumuber of persons who were going to a prize fight. Mr. MIETCAIxE observed that the Eastern Counties Railway Company were in the habit, it seemed, of obliging such excursionists with the use of their line. The jiuy found the prisoner Guilty, and it was proved that he bad been several times summarily convicted of pocket-picking and attempting topick pockets. Mr. DAL-Ey handed to the Court a paper which, he said, was found upon the prisoner, which would show the places the prisoner intended, probably, to favour with a visit. It was as follows :-" Meetings in August and May :-York, on the 20th of August; Manchester, on the 14th of 'May. 1tces for Mfy :,-fath and Somerset, on the 20th of May Harpenden, on the 23d of May; the Worth. Herts Yeouanry will 'be held on Royston-heath on the 22d of May. Market Weighton annual Mleeting, on the 28th of October' Lanarkshire Coursing Club, on the 3d of September ; Royai St. George's Yacht Club Regatta, in Dubin Bay, on the 24th of June; York August Meeting." Mr. CREAsy said it was clear of what sort of character the prisoner was, arid had a conviction before a jury been proved he would have received a severe sentence of penal servitude; as it was, the Court would prevent his keeping what appeared to be his engagements for the seasona. The sentence upon him w as 10 months' hard labour. Charles Stanley, 25, described as a civil engineer, was indicted for having stolen a ton weight of lead, the property of James Rhodes, the same being fixed to a building. Mr. Cooper prosecuted, Mr. Ribton appeared for the prisoner. 'The prosecutor, Mr. RhodTes, lived in Hanover-street, Islington, and was the owner of some property in Pn2len'splace, in the same narish. An application was made to him to let a house, No. 1, Pullen's-place, to a Mr. Gray. who gave as his references Mr. Stanley, of 6, Earlstreet, Blackfriars, and Mr. Parsons, of 69, Hatfield-street, Blackfriars. Prosecutor's clerk went there to make inquiries, and he found the prisoner, who told him that le knew Gray to be a respectable man, that he had been engaged in business transactions with him, and that he had lived at Greenwich, and had an office in Queenstreet-place, Southwark. This being considered satisfactory, the house was let to Gray, and in a few days afterwards it was found that he, aided by the prisoner, had stripped the lead from the gatters on thereof. The lead was very thick, and had been laid down many years. It was suggested that this was done with the view of putting zinc in the place of it, but the zinc produced was not much thicker than brown paper, and was almost worthless for the purpose of roofing as compared with the lead removed. The case for the prosecution was that Gray and the prisoner acted in concert to get possession of the house, with the view of stealing the lead. The juryfound him Guilty, and The CoURT respited sentence, to allow of inquiries to be made with respect to any similar transactions. Donald Gressick Eastmure, 13, and Esther Sarah Brett, his mother, were indicted-the former for embezzling the sum of 201., the money of George and Williamu Lodge, his masters, and the latter for feloniously receiving the same well knowing that it had been embezzled. The younger prisoner wfas in the service of the prosecutors, who are milkmen, at Feltham, and he received the money from customers, which he gave to his mother, who made false entries in the books, to show that it had been paid. The boy confessed- and The jury found the mother Guilty. Mr. CREASY sentenced her to eight months' hard labour, and theboy to one month-one weeksolitary. Margaret Perry, 19, was indicted for stealing five sovereigns, the moneys of John Mills, in a dweling-house. Mr. Langford prosecuted; Mr. Sleigh appeared for the prisoner. The prosecutor, it appeared, was a sailor, and came on the 6th of June to London from Portsmouth, on the evening of which day he met with the prisoner at a coffee-house, near the Great 2Northern Railway, where he remained with her for the night. Early in the morning he was awakened by the prisonertrying to get out of the room, when he ascertained that five sovereignrs that he had received on beiug paid offfrom the Duke of Wellington, and which were safe n his pocket the night before, were gone. The prosecutor detahied the prisoner, and a scuffEo ensuim g bet--een them the landlord went upstairs, when the woman offered him os. to allow her to pass. He refused to take the nmoney, and sentfor a policeman. Some time before a man calne and ask-ed to see his sister, and wished to force his way into the room, but was prevented from doing so, and he remained for some hoiurs in front of the house, and was recognized as a companion of the prisoner. The room was searched and no money was found. *Ur. SLErGir, haviDg severely cross-examined the witnesses, said the facts were most conclusive, and he did not think it consistent with his duty to trouble the jury with any observations. The jury found the prisoner Guilty. It was proved that the prisoner had been repeatedly in prison, and was onlv a few days ago discharged, having completed a sentence on a charge of felony. 3Ir. CREASY said he would give her another chance, and sentenced her to imprisonment for 12 months; but if ever she camethere again she would thenbe sentforalong-period to penal servitude.
POLICE. (C-1ILDHALL.-Three men, named Davis, Malpas, and Beasley, were brought up on remand, and placed at the bar before Sir C. MARsSALL and Sir R. W. CirDER, charged with the following offence:- MIr. Lewis, of Ely-place, appeared for Malpas; Mr. Vann, f.r B3easley * and Mfr. Heritage for Davis. It appear_d that the offlcer sawDavis sitting in a cart opp - site a public-house, in which Bcasley was, apparently waitin, for some one. Malpas came up with a carpet-bag on his shoulder, joined Beasley, and entered into conversation 'with him. The officer then entered the public-house andf asked owhat was in the bag, upon which Malpas ran away but Beas'ey remained 'with the bag. The olficer caDed out " Stop thuef I" upon hearing which J'is whipped the pony in the art^ anidmadebi3s2 escape. heywere all, how.I ver, secured eventually,and on eeareBigthe bag the officer -Si-Joovared'tLree< -oo f tia-veighirg3nb.,<andthrevbar. of copper weighing dOIb. Malpas, it was shown, is a marine store dealer, andhis real nme is Avery, and Beasley had been about 10 sears in the servicc of Messrs. Warner, the well-known brass-founders of Jewin-erescent, who iden. tifiedthe property as similar to that which they had in stock, -but there was no private mark of any lknd upon it by which it conld be more clearly identified. * Sir 14 W. CQiRDE2n said it was a case for further 3nqairy and therefore remanded the prisoners tilU Monday next, and admitted Beasley to bail, but refused bail for the other twn prisoners, because their conduct showed they were actingin collsion.- John Conden wAs charged with an- aggravated assault Upon Hannah Rowell, an unfortunate creature with whom he cohabited. . The complainat, in very relucitant spirit, said she had been living with the prisoner for the last four years, and on Sunday evening last, about half-past 6 o'clock, he strack her vwith a stick and Cult open her head. - SirBI W. CisiuiD asked if the prisoner had ever ill. nsed her before 7 Complainat said the prisoner cut her head open on the other side about 1S months ago, and he was sent to prison for three weeks for that assault by the magistrate at this court. - Sir R. W. CARDmz inquired -when she was last ill. treated by the prisoner pnor to the assault now complained of? Complainant said on the night of the ilIumination he streck her on the face with his fist, but he did not hurt her much. Sir R. W. CAU)Dz said of course she would say he did not hurt her; but was he not in the habit of repeatedly getting drunk and assaulting her I Complainant said he did so sometimes. Sirs. W. C.D said he had not a donbt of it, and if they continued to live together the prisoner wofild commit murder. le therefore recommended the woman not to live with him, as she was not married to him. The prisoner said he was quite willing to separate, and he would take the child and provide for it. Sir R. AV. CARDEY said' he would not trost a drunkaicl with a child, for he would perhaps in a- fit of drunkenness kill it. If the prisoner had saved the money he spent in drink he might have had a comfortable home. Sir C. RsMIAL snnacid the prisoner 'had been punished betore for a similar offence, and it appeared to have had no effect upon him. He therefore thought he should -not be doing his duty as a magistrate if he committed -him for any less time thaii three months. Sir L. W. C.AD=Y said, that- during that time the prisoner would he kept sober, -and have ample opportunities of reflecting upon his past conduct and the advantages of sobriety. The prisoner was then committed to the House of Correction for three months' with hard labour. Bow-STREET.-Among the night charges brought before MIr. JTRD1NE yesterday was one against a woman of notoriously bad character, named Mary Daley, for robbing Eugene Tilqi'iz, a Frenchman, whose evidenee was inter-, preted to tht <ar oy a friend. The robbery was effected with peculiar audacity. The prisoner and one of her depraved companions meeting com-' plainant in O;ford.stredt at a late hour at night, seized him, one by each arm. The prisoner thrst her left hand into his waistcoat pocket andtook outahandfulofloosecash-about 30s. Upon his seizing that hand, and trying to take the money from her, sle, with her right hand, drew his watch from his fob and handed itto her companion. He endeavoured to detain her, but finding, after a severe struggle, that she and her companion together were likey to overpower him, he adopted the singular expedient of biting her in the cheek and on one finger-of the left hand, in order to mark her, that she might afterwards be identified. She was apprehended in the morning by the police, upon the prose. cutor's description, and, tlough no mark was observed on her face, that on herhand was distinctly perceptible. She was remanded. 7 In another case a woman of similar character, namedlne Cullen, being charged with drunkenness and disorderly conduct, his worship-in a kindly tone advised her to avoida habit which broughtupon persons in her uinhappyposition so *much additional misery. The prisoner, interrupting his worship, exclaimed in a loud tone, "I'll have it as long as I can get it. I liko it. I shall drink as much as ever I can get." She was sentencedto three weeks' imprisonment. A lad named LIaac Shepherd, a driver employed by r. ' Smeed, contractor, Srmerset-whari, Strand, was charged at -the instance of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals with ll-treating a horse by working it when inan unfit condition. He said the horse was "only sent out' for a little exercise," which was taken as a plea of 'KNot guilty." Mdr. .L Forster, who appeared for the society, stated that his attention was first drawn by Mr. Spooner, printseller. of 379, Strand, to a mode of working horses adopted by Mr.. Smeed. The approach to his premises was by a lane, running out of the Strand, opposite Southampton-street. The descent being very steep, it was necessary to adopt some naeasa of moderating - the impetus with which heavilyladen dust-carts would naturally run down such an inchine. For this purpose a horse was attached to the back of the cart, by means of a breeching and chain' traces, and was taught to pull against the weight as it descended, thus checking the speed, and easing the shaft' horseof the pressare of his load. This was very severe labour even for a horse in good condition. He was dragged down the hill, sliding along the ground, sometimes on his feet, sometimes on his haunches, and often trying to save mself by pressing sideways against the walL -The society had not hitherto proceeded, as their veterinary surgeon, Mr. Dawes, had reported that though he considered it severe and: annatural work for a horse, yet as the animal employed was strond and in good condition he could hardly say that it amounted to such cruelty as called for a prosecution. On the 17th of May, however. a horse was put to this work in such a miserable state of emaciation as to be wholly unfit for work of any hind. The bones were almost protrading from the skin, it had several very large sores, and was unable to eat when food was offered it. The foreman, MIr. Westfold, at first consented to let Mr. Dawes examine the horse, but afterwards upon a variety of pretexts procrastinated from time to time and ultimately sent it away to Mr. Smeed's farm, at Sittingbourne, in Kent, without allowzing Mr. Dawes to see it, excusing himself on the ground that Mr. Smeed desired bin to do so, and said he - (Mr. Smeed) would take the consequences. Mr. Forster observed that it would bo easy to avoid this employment of horses, by using waggons. The men mightthen " skid" the w;heels, whEich-could nOt bo done with a two-wheeled cart. s he believed the boy was not to blame, he would -withdraw the summons against him, and proceed -with one which had been issued against Westfold, the foreman. The Magistrate having assented to this course, Westfold was charged with causing the horse to be il-treated, to which he pleaded " Not Guilty." Evidence in sup orb of Mr. Forsteres statement was given by Policeman F I9, Mr. Dawes, and Mr. Spooner. The latter stated that the horse formerly used for this purpose, a large and powerful gray, was kept at it till he became lame. It was extremely distressing to see even a strong horse so employed. He could see from his shop all that passed in the lane. Westfold denied thatthe work w.as distressing; on the contray, he had putathis horse to it because it was light and easy work. hr. JARDLNE would say nothing about this mode of working a horse, which might perhaps he right enough if properly applied. If st w;as unnatural, itwasnotmore so thanputtinz hm in the shafts. But it was clear that this horse was utterly Tunfltror work of any kind. Defendant must pay ois. and costs. WoRsIrIP-sTRET.-TJohnIPayton, one of the warders of the, Stirling Castle convict-ship at Portsmouth, was charged before Mr. D'EYxCoUTIT with knowingly receiving a watch, part of the produce of an extensive burglary at the house of an elderly lady named Humphreys, at Stamford-hill, when the servant girl was tied by the burglars to a chair -with ropes, and the prosecutrix herself so injured and terrified that her lfe has been in danger ever since. Two other men, named Towers and Fleckhart, were also -placed at the bar with Payton, the former defended by Mr. Vann, and the latter by Mr. Binns, while Mr. Lewis attended for the prosecution. Mr. Lewis stated thatsince the last examination Sergeant Langdoni, the detective offlcer in charge of the case, had received private information which induced him to go down to Portsmouth, where he succeeded in tracing a quantity of the property which had been stolen from the house of the prosecutrix on the night of the robbery, the thieves then carrying away several gold and silver watches, plate, jewelry, and money, in notes and gold, to a large amount, and among other articles the officer had so traced and recovered at Portsmouth tiwas the watch now referredto, which would be clearly proved to have been then stolen. The officer would state the circumstances, and all that it was necessary for him to mention was, that a man named Slark was a convict on board the Stirling Castle for some time previous to the month of March last, when he was discharged upon a ticket-of-leave, and that within two or three days after the burglary at the prosecutrx's, which was perpetrated on the 25th of April, he returned to Portsmouth in company of a woinan, and actually took lodgings'there in the house of the prisoner Payton, who filled the respornsible Position of warder over the prisoners in the ship in whfch Slark had been cotifined. There had been a gireat imxt n traCing out this case, arud nmuch credit was due to the officer in following it up. Sergeant Langdon then stated that on the 23th of May he went down to Portsmouth, where he discovered such traces that five days after he went to Payton's house in Park-street, Forton, Gosport. He told him he was an officer and wished to make inquiries about a mian named Slark, lately a convict on board his ship, but who had subsequently lodged at his house. Payton replied that he had done so, that he came on the 28th or 29th of April, accompanied by a woman, and that they had a large carpet bag with them, which a ppeared very weighty. He added that he did not ;xnow where Slark was to be found now, that he had since received a letter from him, which he had burnt, and he expressed a hope that he would not mention such a matter at "head-quarters," or it would be a verybad johforhim if he did. Witness said that perhaps he should not if the priszmer assistedhiminhis researches, which the prisoner promised, aU he could, and he therefore left; but on the Saturday following he received such information that he demanded a search warrant from the magistrates there, with vhich, and a local officer, he went to Payton's house again, and found him in bed. He asked him if he had any of the property Slark hat brought there, at the same time cautioning him to be careful, and he positively denied it. He then as'ked him about having the watch, which he also positively denied. bat on telling him he had Iieen seen on board the eonvict-ship"With a watch he had not had before, he exclaimed in alarm. " Good God, who could have told you that?' paused, left - the room, and in five minutes after returnued with his wife. who handed him the watch now produced, saving Slarl^ and the woman had left it behind them. He therefore took the prisoner into custody, and on having an interview wit's Captain Waller, or WValser, of the S'irling Castle, the captain expressed his desire that the prisoner should be taken totow for examination, as he considered it a very serions Idcharge. Eliza Cooke, servant of the pro'secutrix, who, shle stated, .was too ill to reader her attendance at any tim,e probahls, identified the watch produced as her mnistress's property, aving seen it on-her .istress?z neckthen oghtl0bre4)ie lu-glary, and proved that and the other property curied off by the theives were safe in the house before itc was so broken into. lfr. Binns bad witness tlxre to prove an i on the part of his client, and insisted- either that the whole cage should be closed against himat onoe, or th4the should be admitted to haiI -Mr, loewis objected to bail for that prisoner, as it wouldl prejudice the interests of justice very much, and the whole case was so complicated, and tbe facts of this and another charge of alost equaly serious chracter he should have to prefer agistieclchar were so difficultto obtain, that be must reque6t a. rem d for the completion of- the evidence. 3lr. D'E coUR Twas willing to - accept bal for Towers in50L, if well inquired into, utcommitted Piyton and. Ileckhart till that day wee. LA:MOnrr-A tall, well-dressed woman, who gaie the name of Ann Wilitans, w plaeed at- the - bar before .tr. :uaoTT on a charge of ste valuable watch and a gold eyeglass from the house ef a widow lady named Prom the evidence adduced, it appeared tat onwthe 2thi of adst month the prisoner called at the house of the prosecutrix ana sad she wanted to take apartments. for her nephew. She was shown the rooms that were to be let by -the landlady's daughter, and having on that occasion no opportunity of taking anythink she went away, -saing she would call again. On the following day she called, and said she wished to see the apartment6, and on this occasion a little girl was sent with her; the child- had observed. that she entered other rooms than those that were to let, and after sh -was gone away a watch and a gold eyeglass were missing from Mirs. -Bisho9's room. ,tformation of the robbery was given to the oice, but. nothing more was heard of the prisoner imtilht esterdap) morning, when Ms. Bishop accidentally met her in the vicinity of the Elephant and Castle, and pointed her out to a policenan as a person she -wished taken into cestody. Wakefield, a constable, said that the moment the prisoner had observed the last witness point towards her-she arted off. at a deers pace, and he bolted- after her into the Queen's Prison, and rushed up one of the staircases three or tour stories high. He (the officer) kept close at her heels, and ultimately captured her, when she could go no higher. The officer added, that the prisaner had- been tried once, if r,ot twce, for snimilr robberies, and requestedaremand ina order to learn something further about her. The pnisoner, who admitted hainn6 been tried once, wa5
MUR2mR AT SrROUD.-The town of Strondwater was on Saturday night the scene of a cruel mcprder, wbicbL has created much excitement from the raritybf the occuarrence in this neighbourhood. About 4 o'clock 0oi O8upay morning, a labouring man, named Hodges, And'his son, were proceeding along the road leading from Strouid to the 'vilage of Nailsworth, when, about hilf a mile from'the town. they discovered the body of amen lying. welteringin blood, by the roadside. The corpse was removed to a publichouse near at hand, and was for some time unknown, till it 'was at length identified as the body of Joseph LstherjU, a mason, who resided at Avening, aged 54 years, and had a wife and five children. The man's upper Lp was cut open, and there was a dtab in hi3 grMin, frorn which he had bled to death. It was -evident -he had met his death by foul means, and' suspicion. soon fell upon a, man named William Ifosins, residing in. the neighbourhood. osldcns was taken 2ntocstody about S o'clock on Sunday 3morning, and blood was then seen on his clothes. On Monday morning an inquest washeld on the body of the deceased at the Greyhovnd Inn, Strbna, before 2dr. J. G. Ball, coroner for that division, and 16lurymen; and simultaneously with this investigation Ioslns 'was brought before the magistrate& From the evidence adduced, it appeared that the accused had been drinking at various plaoes on the Saturday nieht; that he was seen by a policeman to leave the town about a quarter past; 1 o'clockinithemorning, going in the directionof the murder, a man answering to the description of the deeased being' justinfrontof him. He arrivedathislodgings about2o'clock, and on getting up in the morning told twofellow-lodgers that he had had a vrow overnight with a man in the road, who struck him with a stick, that he had a mind to' " croak- "him, and that he knocked hin into the 1edRe, and left him there. His clotnes were bloody, and in nis pocket was a knife with stains of blood upon it Along the road there were marks of scaffling having taken plae, and. a stream of blood for a distance of 30 yards to where the body was found. lfessrWethered and Gregory, surgeons, w ho made a,pea mortem examination, proved that'he caue of death was rbemerrhage, reulting from a wound in the left thigh, such as would be inflicted bya knife, and added that the man was healthy and appeared to have been sober. The pnsoner made a statement before the magmstrates ana the coroner to the effect that he overtook the deceased on the road, that deceased wanted to know where he was going, and on his refnsal to tel, struck him with a sick. The prisoner took the stick from him, and brokeit; they had a "tussell"and swore4&f each other; that he (pnsoner) then drew his knife, and tho deceased did the same; that they fought with kLives, and that he left the man in the road. t sihould be mertioned that a broken stick was foand near the scene of the m urder. In the trousers-pocket ef the murdered man w'as a clasp-knife closed, 2s., and a lemonade-bottle, containing about a noggin of ma. It did not appear sible that he coldhave used tee knife - and prisoner hIano marks of injury about him, except a iack eye, wvhich he admitted t, have ot before. The magistrates committed thepriwoner for trial on a charge of vilful murder. The coroner' a ary, after a long consultation, retuned a verdict of "ifanslaughter" against him. Both the inquiries occupied till svening, and attracted large crowds outside the courts to eatch a glimpse of the prisoner, who is about 27 years of age. He was remeved to Gloceater Gaol the same esensg
AUSTRALIA. (EOM OUP. OWN CORRESTONDEM-T. MELBOURNE, LuicED10. Thelegislative Council was occupied for three nights last week, in addition to one in the previou3 week, in debating the very important question of the mode of dealing with the gold which may happen to lie hidden under the surface of lands already alienated by the Crown. Four zights' debate! but this reminds me of the necessity of explaining what constitutes a " night's debate" here. The Council meets at 3 p. m. The first hour is either wholly or nearly consumed by petitions, notices of motion, notices of quostions to be put to official persons, and any other preliminary matter; so that it is usually 4 o'clock before pre-appointed business of the House, sach as the "orders of the day," is entered upon. The Council generally adjourns at 7, sometimes a little earlier, and some. times, but rarely, extends its sitting to S or half-past. On this occasion the four nights' debate occupied a trifle under 11 hours-no more than a single night's workfor the House of Commons, or, perhaps, a night and a-half with Mr. Brc. therton's aid. During theso 11 hours 33 members spoke out of a House of 45 members, exclusive of the Speaker. This habit of rising early will most likely be in some degree changed under the new constitution, but not to any great extent. The evil is that it protracts the session to a verytiresome length. That no doubt requires mitigation; but the heat of the climate forbids very long hours and very Late sittings. Most of our members are engaged in some sort of pursait during the day, and, as the sessions havehitherto extended into the summer months, it would be too exhausting to heap one long day's work upon another, after the House of Commons fashion. I think it not unlikely that in future years the House will meet in June,-i. e., mid winter. At that season it will not be oppressive to the senatorial constitution to sit a couple of hours more than is now theprac. tice. That may, perhaps, compress the session into about four months, and the wasting influence of our summer climate be avoided. Now to the debate. In the first instance three sets of re. solutions were presented to the House. The first set, Mr. Pyke's, affirmed the propriety of mining on private lands "under suitable regulations," and the inexpediency of giving to the owner of purchased lands a right to the gold beneath. The second set, Dr. Owen's, upheld the same principles, but they were obscure, complicated, and very ill-worded. The third, Mr. Snodgrass's, were the converse of the first, deprecating the right of the diggers to mine on yurchased lands, and asserting the expediency of conveying the gold vith the land sold; but -Ir. Snodrss withdrew his resolutions in favour of those of the Government, which were as follows (abridged) - "1. That all gold is the property of the State," &c. ". Gold in waste Lands can only be mined for by permission of the State. " 3. The duty of 2s. 61. per ounce is the consideration now accepted by the State for the right to acquire gold. "r4. The conideration for permission to mine is the 'miners right'-i.e., 11. per annum." The5th and GthI give at length:- ;' 5. The owner of lands parchased from the State should be permitted to mine therein for gold, or to grant the privilege of mining therein for gold to such persons and on such conditions as he may think fit. " 6. Gold so acquired is subject to the export duty or to any consideration for the acquisition of gold which the State asay substitute therefor." There was no objection to the first four resolutions of the CGovernment. They might well stand, whether the House agreed to establish a right in the miner to dig upon private lands, or agreed to let the gold go with the land in past and future Land sales. The fifth resolution was intended to pave the way for the latter rule, though it was vaguely and sovertly worded. There were six divisions on these several resolutions, and certain amendments subsequently proposed. 'Mr. Pyke's first resolution, framed to' establish the right "under suitable regulations" to mine on private lands, was negatived by a majority of 11, the numbers being 28 to 17. Dr. Owen's resolutions were then negatived by a majority of 31-numbers, 3S to 7. Then came the Government resolutions. The fifth and sixth were rejected by a majority o' 3-numbers, 24 to 21. An amendment of Mr. O'Shanassy's in the following words was then put:- " 1. That this Council is of opinion that to transfer the gold, now the property of the public, to the present owners of private lands Vwithout any equivalent, or to confer upon such owners the exclusive right to mire for such gold, would be opposed to sound policy, injurious to the general welfare, and may be regarded as a violation of a public trust. " 2. That this Council is of opinion that in future sales of public lands the exclusive right to the gold which they may contain should not be sold to the purchaser." Thesewererejected byamajority of 7-numbers, 2Gto 19. Then lMr. Pylke moved his third resolution, namely:- "' That this House refuses to sanction any measure having for its object the sale of the gold wvith the land, inasmuch as such a course would cause the alienation of an incalculable portion of the national wealth-a proceeding unjust in principle and mischievous in tendency." This passed without a division. By these several divisions the Surveyor-General's (Government) first four resolutions stood, -with the last resolutions, cited above, of Mr. Pyke. Then, -when the Speaker put the five resolutions together, " That this House is of opinion," &-c., one of the city members moved the previous question, and the formal question " That this question be now put" was negatived by a majority of 1, the numbers being 23 to 22. But of the majority 12 were Government officers and non-oflicial nominees, whereas of the ninority of 22 21 were representatives. The question involved in this discussion is no doubt one of very great diffculty, The Crown grants are silent as to any mineral reserve on the one hand or concession on the other. Hence the grantee takes with his land all mirerals except gold and silver. Thc precious metals remain in the Crown. The owner of the soil cannot take them because they are noteexpressly conveyed to him. The miner cannot take them-first, because his " mnier's right" only gives him power to mine on waste lands of the Crown, and, secondly, because he cannot trespass on the land of another. The Crown, by its representatives, does not take them, because the Crown does not embark in any productive enterprise. Hence the gold under private lands is practically " no man's gold." The Lc,islatnre again is somewhat crippled in its powers under the present transitional state of our constitutional law. The Legislature can deal with the gold under authority of an act of Parliament, but it cannot deal with the land until the new Assembly shall be elected. Tnis Council has not the power. But the practical (ifficulty is this,-the miner follows a " lead" in a quartz reef, and very often wvhen at the richest loses it nnder some purchased land. Ono of these private lands (Clunes) is broadly asserted to have 1,000,0001. ofgold under ibe surface. " Is the owner of Clunes," say thc diggers, " to have the exclusivo right to this e I have no doubt that the Government will find itseif comnpellcd to propose some measure to regulate the mining upon private lands, violating the institution of private property as little as possible; and, indeed, it is understood that Mr. Pyke is about to propose a resolution forcing the Government to come before the public with a plan. The necessity of the case is urgent. The diggers are verY orderly; but there are at every diggings a small knot of miners-the Americans call them " rowdies"-who excite the diggers to resort to a rush. Many members of the Eouse feared that the adoption of M1r. Pyke's first resolution would have invited a rusLh; a sefres of Government regulations would have had no such effect, even if they had recognized fully the principle laid down by Mr. Pyke. The Government seem to be afraid of the question. They ought to have acted wvhen the " Clunes controversy" first arose, and ever since then they have had many wvarnings that time difficulties of the qjuestion would accumulate by new: urshes which, as ii the case of the license fee, in Mr. Latrobe's time, might compel them to yield to a display of force tiat lwhich they had refused on an appeal to justice. In my last I comnmunicated the very large supply of gold during the previous weekl-very nearly 75,000 ounces ; but I pointed ont that this quantity included the receipts frim the Ovens (Becchworth), from vhich wvehave on.ly an escort once a-fortnight, bringing of late from 12,000 to 1:,000 ounces. This reduces the weekly supply, ilneluding half the quantity from tIhe Ovens, to about siSsv00 ounces. Last weck the quantity was nearly as great-namely, 60,370, without tlo Ovens, or about 67,000 with the same. The bill for regulating the manner of conducting elections, and tIme bill to prevent bribery and reduce the expenses of elections-tthe latter based on the English act, the forr.ier introducing vote by ballot, wmi pass into law this week. T'he electoral lists will then be collected and aeviked; and I suppose we shall have new elections in July or August. The estimates, it is understood, will be gone through this week; and as members, as well as the public, are tired of the session, I do not suppose it will be contintedl ibove a fortniglht longer. The ballot now forms part of the electoral law of three out of these four colonies,-namely, Victoria, Tasmania, South Australia. I mentioned in my last the seizure of about 1,800 ounces 4f goldattempted to be smug-led Ou-t of the colony, in order to evade the duty of 2s Gd- per ounce by.Messrs. Horwitz and Marks, who carry onl tlle trade of gold brokers in Melbourne. Their case has beeni heard before the city police court, and they have been convicted in the penalty ,af 1001. wvith costs, and, what is of more importance as a warning punishment, the gold has been declared to be forfeited. The Arus has objected to the course pursued, contending that, as the act gives the alternative of a Crown process for three times the value of the gold, the law-officers ought to have gone for the higher penalty ; but I apprehend that the object of the above alternative was to meet the case of x successful act of smuggling capable of proof, the gold being out of the reach of seizure. The loss of upwards of 7,0001. of gold and all the expenses of the defence is surely punishment enough both against the parties and for the purpose of deterring others. It is considered that a good deal is "ran" across the frontier from the Ovens to Sydney. I have no doubt some is; but I cannot believe it is at all considerable. Theproductiveness of the gold revenue shows that the quantity smuggled through all channels cannot be large. In considering the estimates and " Ways and Means!' a vote is annually passed in the Council which may interest your military readers, as showing the footing on which the troops are placed here as to remuneration, and a sort of undeIstanding lately cone to in relation to that voto. Owing to the inadequacy of barrack accommodation, what is caLed "lodging money" became extensively necessary; but the amount allowed by the English Government, owing to the enormous rents of 1853, 1854, and 1855, and the still high rents, was quite insufficient. Then, the high prices of all the necessaries of life rendered the small balance which zemained to the soldier, after the usual deductions orstoppages, a perfectly useless sum. Under these circiunstances the Council imitated the East Indian practice, and voted a colonial equivalent similar to what the British soldier knows as " batta." In 1S54 the sum voted was 111,2321., in 1'55' it was 154,7401., and for this year it will be about 135,0001. The regiment now here is the 40th, under tho command of Colonel Valiant. He is a very meritorious officer, exceedingly popular, and attentive to the character of hirs mien, vho are in capital order, and are very well conducted. The principle on which the vote is framed is to give an exact equivalent to the Imperial pay. Thus, the lieutenantcoloners pay being 17s. per diem, the major's lGs., and the captain's I1s. Md., the Council votes an equal daily pay fromn the general revenue. The sergeants, in liko nan. nor get Is. 10d. additional as colonial pay, the corporals is. 4d., and the privates Is. per diem. Where there is "good conduct pay" and " additional pay" under the re,glations the Council also doubles that. I only see four exceptions to tho rule of voting an equivalent. Of these four cases the colonial pay exceeds the Imperial pay in three cases, and faLs short of it in one. These exceptions are, I believe, on the suggestion of tho military authorities. They are as follows :-Lieutenants, whose pay is 3s. Cd, get an addition of 7s. Gd.; Ensigns, whose pay is 5s. 3d., also get 7s. 6d. colonial pay; and one Quartermaster, whose pay is Gs. Gd., gets 7s. Gd. additional; while the Adjutant, whose pay is 10s., gets only 7s. Gd. This year the vote was opposed by 3r. O'Shanassy, but his opposition was ineffectual. The House vely properly considered ita species of contract which ought not to be rescinded without ample notice. The ground of opposition to the vote -was that the troops are kept idle while labour is scarce and dear, whereas there are manypublic works in which they might be advantageously employed. There is a good deal of cogency in this argumient, and it is one very likely to prevail at some future day. Miitary offieers are generally adverse to the employment of soldiers on fatigue service, as I believe it is called. But in France no such theory prevails. The men are well trained in sappers' duties, and in the Crimea the qualification was turned to account. After our late experience who will dare to say that the efficiency of the French troops as soldiers vas impaired by their skill in the trenches? The General Com. manding, General 3l'Arthur, seems to have seen the truth and foreseen the future effect of the argument, and has announced that henceforward the troops are nob to remain idle. The men like it, as they get extra pay-I mean beyond the quasi-batta. The -10th now consists of 1,011 officers and men, or 11 more than the number allowed by the Secretary of State. Of these 440 are on detachment, leaving 571 in Melbourne; of these 214 are on special duty-such as band, 29; sick, 21; servants, 26; recruits at drill, 51; tradesnsen, &c.; leaving S57 fit for duty. WVhile I am on the subject of the military I may mention anotherquestioninteresting to them. pormerlyofficersselling out were entitled to a grant of land according to rank After thc system of free grants ceased officers previously entitled to grants had in lieu thereof a remission order for so much money, available in payment for any lands he might purchase of the Crown. Thus the captain who formerly had 400 acres had a remission order for 4001. The advantage of this was that ho could if he pleased either buy a large quantity of cheap land in a remote part of the country, or a town lot of a rood orhalf a rood at ahigh price, giving his remission order in payment or in part payment. Bnt the land is now handed over to the colony, and the question is, will the new Assembly continue the allowance? That it will do so T have no doubt; for when a resolution was brought forward to remunerate the poor fellow-s who had been disabled in the Crimea by grants of land it was only withdrawn as premature, and no disposition was shown to throw it out. I mentioned in my last the liberal vote of the Council, 75,0001., 5s the contribution of Victoria to promote the reestablishment of the overland mail service. This vote has since been embodied in an act. I subjoin " Ku111's Gold Circular" for the last week:- "MELBOURPNE GOLD) CIRCULAR, SATTURDAY, ?ARCII 8, 1856. "Another rise in the rate of exchange has taken place this week of 1 per cent., as was surmised, showing that not even the strongest-backed bank is capable of carrying on a trade in the face of such a loss. The price of gold has gone up to 77s. 3d. "The quantity of gold from the different fields is steadily on t h increase, Ballarat taking the lead this week, showing an amount of nearly 2,000 oz. over Mount Alexander and Bendigo. Itiumber of persons arrive . . 409 -Number that bave left .. .. 217 Addition this week .. .. 192 and year .. .. .. 2,637 " The escorts have brought from- Ballarat, including Geelong .. 23,473 oz. . Mount Alexander and Bendigo 2.,624 .Aaryborough .. .. .. 2,378 Avoca .. .. .. .. 1,733 Daisy-hill .. .. .. .. 1,178 Amount this week .. a031 and year .. . 22,G43 Gold shipped in 186 . . . 530,820 Per steamer to Lauieceston .. .. .. .. 61 Per steamer to Sydney. . .. .. .. .. .. 2,131 Per Roxburgh Castle to Iondon .. .. .. .. . 33,m rer Medway to London.. . . ,65 611,521 Or 26 tons 9 cwt. 2 * rs. 1Q lo. I oz., at S6s. . £2,340,634 "'Exchange on London.-Drauglhts against gold purchased, at par. " Freight.-4Md. per oz., delivered at the Bullion-office, Bank of England, London. Insurance, 2 per cent. " EDWARD KUHL, Bullion-broker. 'C9, Collins-street west."
TILE ROYAL IIDERUNIAN AIILITA&R9Y SCnOOL.--Tlhe annual examination of the pupils was hold on Mlonday by the Rev. R. Gleig, Inspector-General of military schools. His Excellenev the Lord-Lieutenant, attended by several of the members of the Viceregal house]liold, arrived at the school at 10 o'clock, and, having been received by the officers of the establishment, was conducted to the examination hall, whichli was appropriatoly fitted up for the occasion. 'The pupi]s of the school, numbering 450, were ranged by the masters in classes for the purpose of examination ; and their fine healthy appearance and steady demeanour formed the subject of general remark. On the arrival of his Excellency and suite in the hail the hand of the corps played the National Anthem. After the usual preliminaries had been gone through the examinations commenced. The Rev. Mr. Gldig questionled thle pupils with much strictness on the various branches of the English and military education in whichl they are instructed; and the answering, which was listened to with much attention, was ereditable aike to the boys and their masters. The examiration having concluded, the pupils were paraded on the pltcaue in front of the building, and put through a variety of military evolutions1 all of w-hich they performed with the case and dextenlty of trained soldiers. The business of the day having ended, the Rev. Mr. OCleig ce-gratulated the youthfi l corps on the proficiency they exhibited during the examination and expressed a hope that they would continue to progress in their studies till they had fully acquired the education and training of soldiers of the Qucen. Ilis Excellency and suite, having partaken of luncheon, quitted the school at 5 o'clock, t,he band of the school playin "God Save the Queen" as the distinguishod visitors departed. WVHAT THE SOUTH TmxLxS OF T.nmxsnARG A SrNsxOoR.-We clip the following paragraphs from two Richmond, Virginia, papers. They carry their own consment :-The Riclomond xraminer says-" ' Peace hath her Victories no less Rlenownled than War.'-MVr. Charles Sumner, senator from Massachusetts, whose reputation as a scholar rests chielly upon a discourse on the foregoing text, seems bent upon illustratiDg his thcory in his own person. He concludes a two days' db-cbarge of scholarly platitudes and pedantic dullness by veuting a filthy stream of Bi. lingsgate on heads hoary with age; answers insult from men who would afford hiim personal satisfadtion with vulgar epithets; and when caned for covwardly vituperation, falls to the floor an inanimate Iloiip of incarnate cowardice, and most glorioeus e-emplar of the man of peace." The Richmzond ;Yhi,; says,-"As willbe seen by telegraph, Mlr. Brooks, of Soy i Carolina, after the adjournment of the Senate on yesterday, administered to Senator Sumner, the notorious and foul-nouthed Abolitionist from Idassachusetts, an deeanIt and effectual cning. We are rejoiced at ThiS. The only regret we feel is, that Mr. Brooks did not employ a horsewhip Or a cowvhide upon his slanderous back, instead of a cane. We trust the ball may be kept in motion. Seward and others should catch it nest."
THE INUNYDA TIOLATS IN BRANCE. A letter from Tours gives the following description of the appearance of that city :_ " The Rue Royale presents the appearance of a canal, and. boats are plying on it incessantly, carrying relief to the unfortunate inhabitants, who either would not or could not quit their houses. The Mail is like a torrent, and all sorts of things brought down by the Loire and the Cher are floating about it. The ornamental trees on it have been torn up. The railway station, the eentre of the commercial activity of the town, is still surrounded with water, as high as the windov.s. In the garden of the Prefecture opposite nothing is to be seen but the tops of the trees; the walls of the garden are thrown down. The Rues de Paris, de Bordeaux, and du Rempart, built on the old ramparts of the city, are under water. At every step we take we see the ravages of the waters, and from the Route de Grammnont we perceive in all their horror the effects of the catastrophe in the adjacent country. As far as the eye can reach thers is water-nothing but water ! The inundations were not able to surmount the obstacle caused by the Route do Bordeaux, but they rose to a great height, and they are strewed with articles of furniture, clothing, and woodwork. The Pont de l'Arch6vdque threatens to fall in - the vaduct of the railway to Nantes, beaten with great fury by the waters, has been thrown down. Wherever the eye rests it sees farms submerged, houses that cannot be inhabited for a long time to come, even if they can ever be inhabited again; and on the heights thousands of victims' grouped together without shelter and without food! Even the dark and narrow streets of the old CitY occupied by the lower classes have not escaped. From theu Borgpe to tho Commune of La Riche; from the Champ do Mars to the Mail; and from the Place d'Aumont to Saint Sauveur; is an immense lake, reaching in height to the first story of the houses. Such is the state of our city, after five days of mortal anxiety and indescribable calamities '" In the same journal of the 7th we read :-" The fall of the waters has commenced, and is proceeding slowly, in the streets which run into the Mail; but in the Mail a rapid current still exists. The west side of the city has suffered as well as the east. Three-fourths of the Rues de la Grandicre and Chanoineau have been invaded, but to-day only tho lower part of the streets is submerged. All the Rues Saint Bloi and des Recollets were underwater, but only portions remain so. The infantry barracks are still surrounded with large sheets of water. All the Rue des Villeperdue and part of that of &La Richo were submerged, but thewaters flowed from the Rue des Acacias into the ruo des Oiscaux. All these districts present a terrible scene of desolation; the waters have torn up the paving stones, and still remain in the ground floors and courtyards of some houses. The inundations haveinterrupted communications between this city and the communes of the department. It is consequently impossible to obtain information as to the total damage done, but the prefecture has ascertained these facts :-Thedykes of the Loire, ave way at St. Mars la Pile, between J a Varenne and La Daudierc, to an extent of about 100 yards, sad at Amboise in the same place as in 1846. In this town the waters incsome places rose as high as the first story of the houses, but no lives were lost. The bridge and aU the village of Savonnicres have been carried away, but it is not stated that any one perished. At Brehemont the country is inundated, and one old wom-an, who obstinately refusedtoleave her residence, has been drowned. All the inhabitants of La Chapelle-aux Naux, which is inundated, have succeeded in obtaining refuge at Lignieres. The commune of La Riche-estra is inundated, and enormous loss, hut no death, has been occasioned." "The accounts from Saumur of the ravages committed by the Loire and the Authion are even more distressing than those previously received. The pupils of the cavalry school of that place gave a fine example of courage and devotedness. They plunged into their waters with their horses, they saved many invalids and infirm persons from certain death, and compelled the inhabitants to leave their dwellings. The clergy likewise displayed considerable energy and effected much in combating the strange determination of the people to remain in their houses. A young curate swam to a man who was clinging to a tree and succeeded in landing him in safety. Considerable sums of money had been collected in the department of the Cher, and had at once been distributed by the Prefect to the victims of the inundations. In that department the disasters are however less great thaninothers, andnodeathshavehad to bedeplored. Workmen aze actively engaged in repaing_the railroad and dykes. A curious phenomenon in the annals of hydrography has just taken place in the Beauce district (Eure-et Loire). A ravine, caUed the Couarde, whlicl is transformed into a rivulet only about once every ten vears, this year attainedtheproportions of ariver. The waters of the forest of Orleans spread over the plateau which slopes towards the denartment of the Eure-et-Loire, ran off in absolute torrents, and that circumstance explains how certain high grounds, which are usually without water-springs, were inundated in the late visitation. These torrents in their tum swelled the Couade to an immense height. But the most curious fact connected with this sudden filling of the Couade is, that the fish were as abundant in it as in the Loire or the Loiret. This phenomenon may perhaps be explainedby the rising of the water in the fishponds of the eifferent chateaux, the iflood gates of which were oblged to be opened, and thus let the finny inhabitants escape. The Lyons journals state that the Rhone and Saone continue to fall, and that the waters are gradually running off from the inundated quarters. The Guilloti6re, properly so called has suffered comparatively less than in other inundated quarters, but still the injury sustained there is considerable, several houses having fallen and others being so much injured that the inhabitants are obliged to abandon them. As the waters retire numerous bodies are discovered, all in a state of decomposition. Workmen are employed in building wooden huts on the Place St. Pothin for the reception of the persons who are without homes. The directors of the Mediterranean Railway have placed a number of railway carriages at the disposal of the authorities for the temporary accommodation of the houseless. When the Emperor came to Lyons. he gave 1,000fr. to be divided mong the engine-drivers and other employ6s of the train. That sum has been generously given by those men to the subscription opened at Lyons for the sufferers. A letter from Arles states that the extent of the country inundated in that neighbourhood is at least 20 leagues. Although the waters are going gradualy down, guns are still frequently heard in different parts round, as signals of distress from the inhabitants of the inundated houses. Boats are moving about in all direction to render assistance. " The Rhone.-The inundations which have just caused such extensive calamities in the departments of the south naturally direct attention to the questions connected with the hydrography of some of the great rivers of Franpe. The Rhone, which stands in the first rank, rises in Switzerland at the foot of Mont Furca; in the canton of the Valais, the whole of which it traverses. It has its rise from three different springs, and forms for itself a very irregular bed amoong rocks and innumerable glaciers. It afterwards fals over an immense precipice near the Chapel St. Nicholas into the smaU plain of Oberwald, where it receives several tributary streams. From its source as far as Martigny, a town situated at tbh commencement of the Great St. Bernard road, and which was almost entirely destroyed by the terrible inundation of 181S, the Rhone follows a south-western course. At a short distance from Martigny it suddeuly turns to the north-west, and after passing through a narrow gorge throws itself by two branches into the Lake of Geneva, and at about 12 miles further on enters the French territory near the Fort do lEcluse, and forms the frontier between France and Savoy. The river in ordinary times is not more than 12 feet wide at Oberwald. Above the Lake of Geneva it is 150 yards wide. On leaving the lake, and at its confluence with the Arve, it is 88 yards wide; and on entering France 175 yards. From its source to the Fort de l'Ecluse its fall is 1,496 yards. The Rhone, after quitting Switzerland, runs towards Lyons, and on passing through the Lake of Geneva, is hemmed in on its right bank as far as below Ceysarien, by the slopes of the Jura, and on the left bank as far as its confluence with the UchUs by the Montagnes aux Vaches in Savoy. Between 'Ecluse and Genisseat it runs through a narrow defile about 12 miles in length. After Genisseat, the mountains retire from the banks of the river until near Vienne, where they again approach it, and continue so until its confluence with the Ard&che on the right, and the Durance on the left. After this the banks become lower. The Rhone fails into the Mediterranean after a total course of 825 kilometres (about 51.5 miles). It is navigable for about 315 miles. Its principal tributaries on the right bank are the Ain, the Saine, the Ard6che, the Ceze, and the Gard; and on the left the Guier, the lsore, and the Durance. The Saone, one of the largest rivers in France, rises in the department of the Vosges in the arrondissement of Mirecourt. It traverses the departments of the ilaute-Sadne, the Cite-d'Or, and So6ne-et-Loire, separates those of the Rhone and Ain, and falls into the Rhono at Lyons, after a course of about 2SO miles. As far as its confluence with the Oignon it runs through a narrow valley; it becomes navigable below Gray, and at about this point the situation of the country changes; the valley widens on its left bank, while on the right it is skirted by the slopes of the mountains of the COtes-d'Or and of the Charolals. The principal afluents of the Saone aro the Doubs and the Oignon, on the left, and the Ouche and the Azergue, on the right. The question of the overflow of the Rhone and the Sa6ne has for a long time occupied serious attention. WVithout entering into the causes which may be derived from the laws of terrestrial philosophy, it is interesting to l(noNv the opinion on this subjectof Vauban, one of the most celebrated men that France ever possessed. This superior engincer, on being consulted by Louis XIV. on the queAtion of the overflow of rivers. gave it as his opinion that the most effectual means to prevent the recurrence of inundations wvas to always keep in a good state ti,e depth and width of the beds of rivers and streams. Colbert profited by this idea, and some years after issued an edict which obliged governors of provinces to keep the beds of rivers and streaes perfectly clear and in good order, and there still eisitsa celcbrated decree issued by the Parliament of Dijon in 1698, which condemned the administration of the rivers and forests of Burgundy to a fine of (3,000 crowns for the benefit of the hospitals, for having neglected to clear out the bed of the Sadne, and for having allowed it to get narrower in soeie places. These facts now possess great interest, and it would be curious to ascertain whether since the end of the 1Sth centurv the narrowiing of the beds of rivers has not had a very pow erfiul influence in causing the repeated inundations.
TO THE EDIXOR OF THE TIMjE3S Sir,-Dnring the Mexican war the United States openly enlisted men for their servicc both in Upper and Lower Canada; they bad agents both at Niagaraand in the eastern townships. Surely this is a sufficiCent precedent, and justifies tile action of tile English Governument about which so much noise has been made. You may rely on the truth of this statement. I am. Sir. vour obedient servwnt_ JOHNIS. CUMMINS, Lieutt.-Colonel C.M. ZLXumfson, VI.J., may 21. TRADE -VTH RuSSIA.-TIle Lord Raglan iron screw steamer, which arrived in the .Tyne on Thursday frqo Cronstadt, would sail again yesterday for the same destin,ition with passengers, a general cargo, and Post-offGce bagp.
NAVAL AjYD MILITARY INTELLIGENEB Her Majesty's ships Nile, 91, Captain Mundy; Shannon 51 (new screw frigate), the Pylades,21, Captain D'Eyncourt; and Cossack, 21, Captain Fanshawe, have been telegraphed to prepare for sea ("foreign service") with all possible despatch. Their destination is believed and currently reported to be North America. The Cossack has had orders for some days, we have been informed, for Halifax, and this, we doubt not, is the intended destination of the squadron now so instantaneously ordered to prepare for active service. The Arrogant had received instructions to fit out for the conveyance of the British Ambassador and staff from England to St. Petersburg, but she has now returned the fittings and supplied their places with something more substantial. last evening, at half-past G, the Arrogant steamed through Spithead and down Channil under sealed orders. The Shannon is not yet commissioned, but was yesterday put in hand to be prepared for a crew with the utmost despatch, and a vast body of artificers were set upon her to expedite her readiness. All the commanders of the gunboats at Portsmouth wero also caUed to the Port Admiral's yesterday morning-it is rumoured, to receive instructions for having their resgective vessels ready for active serviee at telegraphic notice. When these vessels sail there will be upon, or on their way to, the NorthAmerican and West India station the following fleet:Nile, 91, Captain G. R. Mundy; Powerful, 84, Captain Mfassio; Boscawen, 70 (flag), Captain Glanville; Imaum, 72, Commander Morrish; Pembroke, 60, Captain Seymour, C.B.; Cornwallis, 60, Captain Wellesley, C.B.; Euryalus, 51, Captain G. Ramsay, C.B.; Aisphion, 34, Captain Chads; Vestal, 26, Captain T. P. Thompson; Eurydice, 26, Captain Tarleton, C.B.; Termagant, 24, Comn modore KleUet, C.B. ; Cossack, 21, Captain Fanshawe; Pylades, 21, Captain D'Eyncourt; Arachne, 18, Commander Inglefield; Malacca, 17, Captain Farqunar; Falcon, 17, Commander Campion; Archer, 15, Captain Heathcote ;Mariner, 12, Commander Bate ,;Espiegle, 12, Commander Lambert; Arab, 12, Commander Pearse; Daring, 12, Commander Napier; Buzzard, 6, Commander Dobbie; Argus 6, Commander Purvis; Basilik, 6, Commander CroftorL' Scorpion, 6, Master-Commander Parsors; Hermes, 6 Commander W. E. Gordon. Only one-third of the above are sailing ships; the steamers, although mounting but few guns, mount the heaviest carried, and good crews. The Nile, Pembroke, and Cornwallis ara screw line-of-battle ships; Euryalus is the heaviest firstclass frigate; Termagant, Cossack, Pylades, and Malacca are the heaviest class of corvettes, carrying 6S and 84 pounders. The Vestal and Eurydice are heavily armed "donke" frigates; the Amphion is a heavily armed frigate. The 12-gun sloops are the newest and most efficient of their class, all carrying long 32's; and the 6-gun steamers are mounted with bow, stern, and broadside guns of the heaviest metal and longest range; and if a flotilla of gunboats be taken into consideration, about S0 of the heaviest and newest guns of the longest range may be added to the computation. The steam transports Northumberland and Earl of Durham airived at Portsmouth on Monday night and yesterday morning, laden with ordnance stores from the Crimea for the home dep6ts. They have proceeded for Woolvwich to discharge them. The screw steam transport Zebra, Captain Bate, which axrived at Plymouth on Monday night, left Malta on the 28th of May,andatl p.m. passedtheGreat Britain, boundto Malta; 30th, passed and exchanged signals -with screw steam transporLAlice Jackson, bound west; 31st, exchangedsignals vwith screw steamship Balbec, in lat. 36.59 N., long. 2.34 E.; Jane 2d, 9.15 a.m., arrived at Gibraltar; 7.30 p.m., theesteam transportnImperadorarrived; 3dJnne, 5a.m., sailed from Gibraltar; 9 a.m. (off Cape Trafalgar) took intowler Majesty's steamship Vulcan, which vessel's machinery was damaged; 4 p.m., arrived at Gibraltar, roundedVulcan to an anchorage, and proceeded to sea. LefttheImperadorandAlice Jackson in port. On the 4th, at 1.30 p.m., she exchanged signals with the steam transport Mauritius, bound east. ward. On the 7th exchanged signals -with the steam transport Spartan (No. 18), in lat. N. 43.16, long. 9.36 W. On the 9th, at 9.15 p.m. she came to an anchor in Plymouth Sound. The paddlewheel steam transport Rhladamathus, 4, Commander B. P. Cole, from Woolwich, arrived at Plymouth, on Sunday, with boilers and machinery for the screw steam frigate Liffey. The screw steam frigate Imp6rieuse, 51, Captain Watson, arrived at Plymouth on Tnesday morning. The paddlewheel steam sloop Virago, 6, went from Hamoaze into Plymouth Sound on Monday. Her crew were to be paid wages yesterday. The paddlewheel steam sloop Salamander went from Plymouth Sound into Hamoaze on Monday, to be refitted. The sloop Atalanta, 16, was appointed to be taken out of dock, at Devonport, yesterday, to be masted. The screw steam transport Rajah, Captain Burns, from Balaklava, left Plymouth on Monday for the eastward. His Netherland Majesty's steamvessel Sindora, 4, Commander Wickers, left Plymouth on Monday for the West Indies. Letters have been received at Plymouth from the St. Jean d'&cre, dated Constantinople, May 25, stating that she was to sail the next day to embark troops at BalaLlava, and might be expected home in six, weeks ; and from the Havannah, 19, dated CaDlao, April 7, at -which time the crew were in good health. The order previously received by the Cressy, SO guns, screw steamship, Captain Richard L. Warren, has been countermanded. She is to befitted at Sheerness for the reception of Her Majesty's Ambassador and suite, whom She will convey to St. Petersburgh. The Merlin, 6 guns, paddlewheel steamvessel, now being refitted at Sheerness, is ordered to be ready for sea on the 21st inst. The Firefly, 4 guns, paddlewheel ste amvessel, Commander Day, now refitting in the basin at Sheerness, is ordered to be ready for sea on the 25th inst. The Briliant, 20 guns, now fitting in No. 1 dry dock at Sheerness, is ordered to be got ready for sea as early as possible. Her Majesty's steam sloop Niger, Captain the Hon. A. Cochrane, is being supplied with her guns and shot from Woolwich Arsenal, and awaits her orders for sea. Her destination is the East India Station. The convict ship Mermaid went down to Woolvich on londay evening from Deptford to embark prisoners from the hulks there for Gibraltar. 35 are to be transferred from the Warrior, lying off the dockyard, and 40 from the Defence, moored off the Ar-enal. The Mermaid is to sail to-day, and wfill put into other convict stations on the coast, where she is to ship a total of 230 prisoners. The light squadron of despatch boats and gunboats, under the command of Captain Watson, C.B., in the Imp6rieuse, of 51 guns, and comprising, of the first-named class, the Wanderer, the Victor, the Ringdove, the Lapwing, the Pioneer, and the Intrepid, and, of the second class, the Starling, the Janus, the Beaver, and the Drake, all arrived in Falmouth on Sunday, and will fill up with coal and provisions immediately, in consequence of the receipt on that day of an Admiralty telegraphic despatch, whichwas communicated to the Commodore, then off the port, by one of the gunboats. The evolutions of the past week have embraced sailing, steaming, gunnery, and various other exercises, which are now suspended, as it is surmised thatthese ships will all proceed to the American coast forthwith. The Mohawk and other steamers are expected to join at Falmouth. Yesterday, No. 3 Company, 5th Battalion of Royal Artillery, under command of Captain Ords, and No. 2 Company, 9th Battalion, nuder command of Captain Green, arrived at Sheernesss from Woolwich for instruction in field artillery drilL Yesterday, for the first time, the two companies of artillery, now under field drill, were put under fire with the newly trained horses; 10 rounds of blank cartridge were fired by each battery. The foundation for the newmilitary hospital at Sheerness is nearly completed. Major S. D. Broughton's 2d company, of the 4th battalion Royal ArtilUery, are to leave Woolwich for Devonport immediately. Captain Mountain and Captain Greville's companies, Royal Artillery, vhich -were to have embarked for the Mediterranean on Saturday last, having had their orders coiuternmanded, are still at Head-quarters, Woolwich. Some of the officers have received a few days' leave of absence. Yesterday morning the Royal Marine battalions, under the command of Lieutenant.Colonel-Commandant Brown, Royal Marines, assembled on Woolwich-common, for the purpose of being reviewed by the Major-General of the corps, who had that morning visited Woolwich to pass the usual annual inspection. They were put through various field manoeivrcs, marched past in review order, -quick time, and quarter distance column in doable tine. They afterwards formed line on No. 1 company, and fired two rounds from centre to flanks. The inspection lasted about three hours; after -which they -were marched to barracks, when the Major-General made a round of inspection through the the offices, the schools, the infirmary, &c., the gun drills and sword exercise. The authsoritietat the Horse Guards have consented I) the married non-commissioned officers and soldiers in barracks being provided with separate accommodation for themselves and families, instead of being quartered in the same rooms -with the private soldiers. It is understood that Lord Panmure, who has made the alteration, has ordered separate rooms to be built at Chatham-barracks for married- Boldiers, and that the sum of 6,QOOO. has been grantedforthis Colonel Rose, commissioned engineer, in Ireland, arrived in Linerick on Friday, and, accompanied by the lIajor-Gene. ral and engineer officers, made a minute inspection of the nevwlypurchased premises near the Artillery-barracks, with a viewofselectingsitesfortheerectionof cavalry, artillery and infantry barracks, &o. The Colonel left on Saturday morn. ing for Tarbert, to plan the intended fortifications there. MLrITIA. The South Devonr Regiment of lMilitia, in Plymouth Citadel, were disembodied yesterday, when Sir John Buller read the following notice from the Brigade-Office:- "Orders having been received for the disembodiment of the SouthDevon MilitiaRegiment, Major-GeneralEden, commanding the Western District, begs to expresstoLieutenant. Colonel Sir J. B. Y. Buller, Bart., his sense of his valuable services inraising the regimentto itspresent admirable state of efficiency and discipline, and inencouraging the loyal spirit shown by the men in freely volunteering on all occasions to the ranks of Her Majesty's regular army during the late war. The Major-General has h3d the pleasure, on many occasions, of expressing his opinion of the zeal shown by tho officers, non-commissioned officers, and men of the South Devon Militia, and also of their meritorious conduct while embodied and under his command, and he has now to offer to all ranks his thanks for the support they have afforded him in the performance of their various duties, and having fulfilled the vork required of them he wishes them a happy return to their homes.
MUSICAL UNION. - w The following very interesting programme was given yesterday at the sixth meeting :- Quatet, D minor .zart. Trio, D (op. 70) .. .. .. .. .. .. Beethoren. Quartet, B lat (op. Bt) .Beethovce. arcole, Deux Valses .Chop!,. The executants were M. Ernst, Cooper, Goffrie, and Piatti in the quartets; and M1adame Schumann, as pianist, inthetrio and solos. The novelty (and thefeature) of the concert was the introduction, for the first time, of one of the posthumous quartets of Beethoven, which the director has hitherto been afraid to offer to his audience. The result, however, should teach him to have greater confidence. However abstruse in mans places, mysterious in others, and srildnglyoriginalinalw, the posthumous quartets are full of beauties which the dullest ears may apprehend with a little attention, while those attuned to mnusic will recognize and follow not only such transient melodies, but the design and coherency of the whole. The experiment of yesterday was most successfuL Beethoven triumphed in his latest, as he had already so often triumphed at the Musical Union in his earlier inspirations. Certainly a finer performance of the B flat quartet (the most difiiculS of them all) has rarely, if ever, been listened to; and this doubtless, had no little to do with the impression produced. Herr Ernst played magnificently-not merely that exquisite adagio in B flat which pleased Beethoven himself so much (who christened it " cavatina?'), but the quaint trcs'o with its brilliant and perplexing trio; and above all, the sclwrro (andante con 2noto) in D flat, from which Mendelsshon learned something. The audience-to their credit be it said-were profoundly attentive from beginning to end; and, though at the outset seemingly puzzled (the first allegro would puzzle any assembly of amateurs, until the appearance of the cczntaAile phrase, which is exquisitely vocal and simple in the bargain), gradually became interested in the quartet. The waltz-movement (alla danz< Tedesca), appealed. strongly to theirrfaculty of tune ; and the caratina, given by Efi rnst in his most expressive manner, fairly enchanted them. The final rondfo-which was also Beethoven's last composition-found every one in a thoroughly appreciative mood, and was apparently relished (and underbtood) quite as much as if it had been the fuiale to one in the first set of quartets written by the master. Madame Schumann's deeply poetical reading of the pianoforte trio in D-in which she enjoyed the invaluable cooperation of Ernst and Piatti on the violin and violoncelloachieved another conquest for one of the latest and most sublime (though not one of the "posthumous") works of Beethoven. In short, this was as much a "Beethovenr" programme as any at the concerts of the late Beethoven Quartet Society; and the beautiful composition of Mozart, by which the performances began, together with the z7arcarole and raises of Chopin, played with so much grace and esprit. by Madame S;chumann, which brought it to a termination, can only be regarded in the light of agreeable episodes.
SUIUEY THEATRE. An attempt to introduce Italian opera on the Surrey side of the Thames is now being made, for the first time, under the auspices of Mr. -Wilert Beale, and seems likely to prove successfuL The opera of Nornma, selected to statt -with, in consequence no doubt of its very extended popularity, was gen last night for the second time, and for the most part in a highly efficient manner. Wadame Lorini (from New York), who assumes the partof lTorma, hasa voice of powerful tone and good quality, sings with great energy, andlooks the Druid Priestess to the life. As an actress, too, this lady is evidently no novice. She treads the boards -with ease, ber gestures are graceful, and she is thoroughly familiar with the business of the stage. On the whole, indeed, we have seen many a less brilliant pri7nz donna with twice the pretensions of Madame Lorini. Signor Lorini, the Poljio, has also excellent quities, his prncipalfaultbeing a certain want of refinement. Signor Fortini (late of the Royal Italian Opera) plays Oroveso with care, and Mademoiselle Sedlatzek is by no means an uninteresting Adalgisa. The representatives of the drainatis persow derive valuable support from a band of about 35, under the direction of Mr. Alfred Mlellon, and a chorus which, though not numerous, is composed, like the band, of experieuced performers. The misc cm7, sceine is complete and appropriate; and, indeed, everything has been done to EPropitiate and deserve the favour of the public. MIadame jormni seems to ho in especial favour, and from the opening caratb2e "Casta Diva" to the end of the opera is overwhelmed with applause. The divetissemnent vwhich follows, though slight in structure, is pretty. Tho corps de ballet is effective; and there are two prncipal coryphges-Mesdemoiselles Agnes and Marie-by no means tobe overlooked. Miss Rosina Wright, however, absorbs the~ lion.'s share" of the entertainmenta fact of wzhich none complains. The performance of this clever artist is throughout piquant and animated; and last night she w as loudly encored in a kind of rustic polka, which was equally spirted and diverting.
SCOTCH Ahrn's' STRIEE.-GLASGOW, lMonday.- This strike, the most extensive and bitterly-contested which has ever been known in the west of Scotland, may now be held to. have terminated. It originated, as may bo remembered, in the proposal of the masters to reduce the wages from 6s. to 4s. per day, in consequence of the reduction in the priceof iron andof othercansesincidenttothe conclusion of the war. In this the employers urged that they only Tevertedto the terms-namely, 4s. per day, which ruled before the war had advanced the scale of remuneration, and which had only subsisted for a few months. The miners resolved to resist the reduction, and in consequence the strike in ILanarkshire became general about the Sth of March last. In a few weeks it cetended to P.enfrewshire and Ayrshire; and when it was at its height, about six weeks since, at least 40,000 men were [engaged in it, and remaining in a state of voluntary idleness. Some of the masters were disposed to give the 5s. which the men asked; others -were ready to give 4s. 6d. per day; but a number of speechmakers and committee men, to whom the operatives gave their confidence, resolved that no man should be allowed to work even at 5s. per day to one employer unless every other employer in the west of Scotland paid the same amount of wages; and they do not conceal that their intention was to carry their point by the forced suspension of all the coal and ironworks in this part of the kingdom. As a consequence, this led to a death-and-life struggle between the miners and their employers, and during its continuance iron furnaces were blown out, coals rose in Glasgow from 12s. to 20s. per waggon, great bodies of military, police, and special constables invested the district, and the sufferings of the men and their families were incalculable. It may be safely said that, if left to themselves, each coal and iron master would have settled the matter with his men according to his special circumstances; but the employers soon saw it necessary to resist, as a. body, the demands and dictation of the chairmen, secretaries, and spouters who acted for and in name of the great mass of the work people. The result has been that the men, as already stated, after having endured unheard-of sufferings, bave been obliged to succumb, but not until they had exhausted every means of resistance by the sale of furniture and clothing>; and at length even begging and borrowing failedthem. The loss is enormous, and many a day must eapse before the mining districts can recover theirusual contentmentandprosperity It is calculated that the sacrifice in wages alone amounts to more than 500,0001.; but to this must he added the loss of masters' profits and the dislocation of business endured by alt who depend on the coal and iron mining trades. The men have returned to their work in a very gloomy mood, and under a burningt sense of injustice. I-respective of the question of wages, they complain of harsh and supercilious treatment on the part of their employsrs, some of wvhom, though enormously wvealthy, are not much above themselves in the amnemties or courtesies of life; and they also complain that they are plundered at the pitmouth by tho inderstrappers of the masters by being compelled to give a large quantity of over-weight. On the other hand, the men still adhere to the insane regulation of restricting their day's work, or " darg," by which a stout worlkman does not produce half the amount of coal which he isable to do, andfor vhich he would be paid. Theythus limit the production, in the hope that they may thereby be able to keep up the wapes ; but the result of this strike shows that these means areqnite ineffectual townardsthat end. WVhile the strike lasted large quantities of coal were brought into Glasgow from England and the east coast of Scotland, and immense sums of money have been sent to a distance which, but for the struggle, would have been retained in the district. The strikebegan to break down about a fortnight ago, when the men returned to the pits in detached bodies; immense numbers resumed work on Friday and Saturday last, and the remainder, so far as Lanarkshire is concerned, turned in this morning.- There are still a few hundreds out in Ayrshire, where the strike was Later in commencing, and where the men have consequently endured less; but all admit that now " the game is up." ThE CASE oF ARCiEwACON.S DExNiso !-.-We have ascertained that the statement which we copied from the Bateh Express on Monday, in reference to this case, is substantially correct. The Archbishop of Canterbury has axed to hold his court for proceeding with the case of the Archdeacon of Taunton at the GuOidhalD, Patb, on Monday, July 21. Whether, however, this will be a mere preliminarv act, or the actual commencement of the hearinz of the case by the Primate, with a view to ultimate adjudication, in not at present known to the parties in the suit.
SHIP NES. LIV3ERPGO Jn2Z 10. The bark rore, in goigfrom P`nce's Dock tothe Gridironefl terday, touched the ground, oyer on her port side, and remain. The Typhoon, for Ealatlavra, has put bach, making a littleej having been- ashore during a fog near Bardscy. Arrived.-The Nebraska, from Galveston-the Cmcinnta the .s meralda, the Samuel Adamrs, the Highland Chief. aud the As th d fro l?ewOrlan-t'he J.1IL Wood, fronm Mobile-the Lucy Thomp. Eon and the Isaac Webb. from NoewuYk-the Lerant. from parathb the JolaaneWValdemar. from Iceland-the A B C, from Santanderthe Dairymaid, from Requejada-the Kingston, from New Orleans. Off the Port-The Digby. Sailet-The steamer Rita, for Santander-tbe Indian Queen2, for Balallava-the Eah&, for Singapore-the Ann Bridoon, for Yaleais -theSnipe,forBorueaux-the Lydia, for Charleston-theRocorder, fur Calcutta. LowNox, June ID.-Wind at noon, X.E ; light airs and Sac. YArmou. June 9.-Wind, W. Arrived, the Venus, from 3LS, tanzas, for ordera. Sdiled the Superior, for Hll. RHA,soA June 9-The lower mast of a brig f about 200 tou*; madeofyelowpteo, painted dark green, oak trusseltrees with two ironboops round them,and apparently not longinathe water, lsabeer picked up near the Gaol¶r and brought in here. YARoU,June9,- eComet of PrImely,f.-omSunderland fot Portsmouth, got on the Scrby Sand, out bas taken assistance, and is, expected off on the flood. Iavwac,r,Junel0.-The Norwegian schooner VikinglHaaverer,' from MarseWites forIpswich, arivedhere last night. She hlad groundes on the Longeands. Hasimuno. June 7.-A private accomunt rEceived at Lubeck from St; Petersburg statesthat the first steamer which hadarrired at the latter frce omniensburg hadremsined agroumd three days in front of the =chbnage. Shchaddischargedher cargolnto a lighter, and returne4 Cnosersnr, June a-The Teunant, which arrived here ontheb t from iddiesbeough4, hadheen aground on thehRerel Stone on the 2Sth of May, and had throw.n part of cargo overboard. havebenae fo he Terscor,frDsmPutauPne, n ,-eck -edat Iettle San ISalvador on the 17thv of April, and have been broeght; ia ADnEAmD, Feb. 22.-A brigantine. with foremast and bowprit standing, was seen ashore off CapeNorthumberlandon the 19thinet, by thbeGo!dseeker, arrved here. There was a stiff breeze at the time, and a heavy swell setting In,. GRATESEiD. JuNEx 9. MY SUBa cnnsr AsD R-ncss TxLnroAmLj (From Ityd's.) Arrived.-The Claudia, from Barbadoes. Jurer 10. 9.30 n.V-Wind, 8.: tide, half-ebb; fine. Arrived.-The Bonanza, from 8t. Lud-the rhito, from Smra-tht Hedndek Edward, from ForteRico-the riscilla, from St.Yn. oent's-theMadderaPet, fromDomunica-the Orb, fromOGureythe Coleroon, from Shanghai-the Ocean, from Rouen-the Eastern Star, from St. John's, New Brunswick-the Catharine, from Monto. vsdeo. Saiied.-The steamer Soho, for Bavre-the Tudor, for Constanti; nople-the NaIad, for Teneriffe. I pm.-Wnd, D.; tide, I hour's flood; fine. Arixved.-The steamer Queen, from Oporto-the BlackPrince trans. port, Mo. 161, from Constantinople. Saited.-The Surrey, for Bombay-the Fontebella, for the Cape ot Good Hope. 3pm.-mVind, E,; tide, 3houre'flood; fine. Arrived.-The Lavinia, from Tobago-the Cores, from Hemel-tho Coquet, from Alexandria-the Johan Frederick, from Boston-til Susan and Maxy, from Guernsey-the Glory, from Heltingborg-tbM Three Brothers, from Worcum-the Hanmah, from Guernsey-thFrederiek Simony, from Aalborg-the Elizabeth and Mary, from Cacm -theWitlbelmina, from Einden-the Anna Catharine, from Horzeena -the Judith, from Guernsey-the Compeer, fromAntigus, 7.30 p.m.-Wind, calm; tide, 2bours' ebb; fine. Arrived.-The Livanda, from Mlemel-the Alderman Thompsor; from Dantsic-the George and Mazy, from Caen-the Grace, from Got. tenburg-the Henry Bell, from Lulea-the Providence, from Hane-S the steamer Eibe, from Hamburg. Balled.-The Fontebela, for the Cape of Good Hope-the Mar V Lyon, for CaSiz-the Margaet Thompson, for Bermuda. DEAT, JmN-r 6. WYliuBAn=E n-n BRBIT11 TErGa.e&jLl (From Lloyds) Prasedin the Channel.-The Samoset, from Htotterdan for Bo3ton. JS-n 7. Paaed in the Channel.-The Barrest, fromBaltimoreforRPotvbrat -the Sirius, from Stockholm for Marseilles, JSo\E 9. Passed in the ChanneL-The Deiphine, from Copenhagen for the, Mediterranean-the Oscar Morienstein, from Christiania for Havre. the Peter Alkei from Abbeville for Frederickahall-the Petite Looa, from Maidon for Weymouth-the Hobart Hay, from Shields for Toulon. JuNE 10. 9 am.-Wrid, calm; fine. SIled.-The Altona, the Colombo, the Bothnia, the PacHic, the, Bruce, the Glencairn, the Edward, andthe Northumbrian, w ith all the outwardbound except the Euphrates, detained by refractory crew. The Bremen bark Juliana, from Porto Rico for aemburg, witfa a cargo of sugar, coffee, and tobacco, got on the Goovdwin Sands this. xnormng. Luggersaregonetolightenhe., inthehope of getting her offaextiide. Noon.-Wind, S.31; light and Sinc. Passed-The Otter, for Malta-the Xorfolk, for Constantbnople- theWiMam Fotheringham, for Xewo York-tho Olivia, forPortPhillip-all from I,oudon, _p.m,-Wind. easterly; lght andfne. 3-oaprrivals.ld .W,Zgb 7.30 p.m.-Wiud, S.SW.; light. Arrived and P.-ed.-TheMary Sawyer, from Trinidad for London. Arrived and Anchoredt-The Claudia, from London for eowport- the Harpley, frzm Hartlepool for Aden-the Adelaide Bell, from Ion. den for the westward, The bark Jniana, reported as having been on the Goodwin Sands. this morning, is now afloat and being towed offi Vrsssrs Sromz W=rn The JohnLinn, fromAkyabforLiverpool, March22, in Lat. 21S. The Ruben, from Mtoemein for Quconstowin. Apr1il10 , in lat. 36 8.. long. 22 W. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ lng 4 W Tthe Edwa3rd Oliver, from A3iyab for Queenottuien, Aprila30, in 1st, 6 S.. long. ID1V. TEhe sChooner Kling Alfred, Mfay 23, in lat. 38£N, long. 40 W The Sea Queen, for or from Penang, May 1, in Itt.15., long. The Anra Dorothea- from Liverpool for Bombay. April 9, in la. 19 S., long. 7YW. The Caniboo (.o. 691, third pendant), for Bemboy, April 17, in lat. 6 S., long. 24 W. The Witch of the Wave, of Teignmouth, for Callao or Rio, April18, inlat. 4S.. long. 24 W. The Phantom (American), from St. John's, NEewfoundland, for Petr nambuco, April 25, in lat. 2N., long. 26 W. The Countess of Beetive, firom Cubsa, ay G, in lat. 30 N., long. 45 W. The Bevant, May 11, in Lat. £1 hT., lon. 44 W. The Fingal, Miay 31, in lat-49 X.. lOng.SW 1. The Ko?suth, from Ca3euttaforLondon, Aprill16, in lat. 24 S., long;. The bark Constintine, from Iauitinus for London, Ilay 6, in lat 10 N., long.25W. The American ship Moumtaineer, stoering west, May 17J,D lat. 483N._ lengc 12 V. The ship Somnauth, for Bombay. May28, in lat. 43K.. long. 12 W. The: Serapile, from Cardiff for Manilla, April 19, in iat. i -., long. 20 W. HIIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE THIS DAY. M1orning .51 after 7. Afternoon .... . . 22 rin .after a
SALES BY AUCTION. St. Gceorge's-road. Pimlico. corner of Luprs-streset-runiture, 6, rost- wvood Pianofort.'. Lilmiray Ta.ile. Bookcase. ard Effects. 'RGEO. GOULDSMITH will SELL by AUCTJL TION, on the Prrmises, 32, Glocester-terrace. as above, on MIonday. the 16th inst., at I prcisely, remaining FURNITURE, school becdsteads and heidMing. pedcstal sideboard, and the iusual appendages of a school. May lha view-d the morning of sale. Catalogues on the premises: asln of the auctio,-eer. 3, Pont-street, Belgrave-square, and 24. Belgrave-road, Pinilico. Lupls-street, PilIo.-ffesehnld Furniture and Effcts. M R. GEO. GOULDSMITH will SELL byAUC- 1 I TION, on the Premises, 5'. Lupos-street, Pimlien. on Tueday June 17, at 1 precisely. the wbole of the neat FORNITTIIL comprising bedsteads and bedding, and usual chamber apam endaes; rosewood cheffoniers. iso a',d oth r tables. Eets of chairs, sofa, china, glass, anld effects. Onl vie dty prior to sale. Catalogues on the prenise: antl at the auctioneer's i'ffices, 3 1'ont-stre t.Beigrave-square. and24 Belgrave-road, Pimlinco. Coacinaker's Premises and Stock-in-Trsde rR. JEMMETT is intTMIted by the Trustees of MLL Joseph Harvie to SELL by AUCTION, on the Pretises, 1. Beaumont-street ,'laryleb,mne. on Tuesday, June 24. the LEASE, at a lowvrent, of the ahove convenient old-establishedBUSINESS REMISES, also the remainin Stock-iu-Trade. May be viewedatany time, and partic.ilmrs 1i3d in due cour-se on the premises: of D. E Au-stin. Esq., solicitor, 12, CopthalU-court, Thrognerton-stret * and of the inuctioneer. carriage bazaar, King-street. Portman-eqnare No. 132, Sloane-street:-AUI the genuine ffousehold Effects of the eate R mr. T Hutton, by orderoftheAdministrator. I . -. PAUL lias received instrtictions to SELL by ,Y,AUC:TION. on the Premises, 132, Sloane-street. on Thu.rsday, Jiuue 12. at 12. vithout the slightest reserve, the modern HOUSEilOLD FURENlT lRE (nearly new). contents of eight bed rooms,drarw. inm room suiite in o3k asd wah,ut tree. a chinmey-class CO by '50 in., ,lock-, prints, china, glas;, and useful kitchen requisites. On view. datalogues on the prernises; and of Mr. Paul, auctioneer and estate agent. 114, Sloane-treet. This Day.-WVilmingtonis-,uare.-H.useliold Furniture and Effects. Jn C. ati] 32 R i l1 SELL by AUCTION, on eX h Prerni6e: . S wlminhgtou-sluare, THIIS DA.Y. lVednesday, June 11, at 11 for 12 o'c!ock, the remaining FURNITURE, incliding resewood leo, and oiher tabk5s. chimney andpicr glasses, secretmire bookaza.Q, library table. ir repository. small collection of paintings, prints, &c,. four-pnost ais.i othier bedstcads, bedding, and other effects. MIay be viewed, and emtal.-giies liad. on the yremises;. andl at the suction offices, in Warwvick csen-t. GIray's inn 2N.B. The desirable Residence, at a lowv graund rCist, s-ill be shortly offeredl for Sale. Rem oved for 2onvenienre.-Great Western Atuction RWooms, 16, South- ampton row. New-road, Edgev3re-road. EM H. E. D. BARLOw is favoured with instructions MT to s.ubmit by AUCTION, at his AMart. THIS DAY, June thellth. at 12 for I punctually, the remaining STACK in TRADE of a CARVER and GILDER; consistingof brilliant plateehimney, console, pier, and otber looking-glasses.-gilt girandoles, e.., togetherwitli some Iseful household furniture. beautiful'y framed engravings, and oil paintings, sundry bar-fittings, two counters, and other effect.. On view day previoums snd morning of sale, and catalogues obtained upon application. Pianofortes, Finger Ozgans, Harnoniunms, Harps, and other Musical Instruments. a,rR. SCOTCHER is favoured with instructions to ISELI by AUCTION, at the Pooms, No.21. Old Bond-street, TII A.June 1I. at 1 for 2, upwards of FIFTY newv and secondhand PANOFO tTES by Broailwood, Collard, Wornum. Broadbridge. and other eminent makers; also a superior Finger Organi, withi six stisn; Harmouiuims, by Alexandre: double and Fiurlc action Harp3 by F,rard, &c.: being the entire stock of Mfessrs. Chapmaii and Co., of Oxford. M,ay be viewed the day prior and morning of Fale. Catelogices had at the rooms. 21, Old Bond-street; or of the auctioneer, 70. 31ortimer-street, Cavendish-square. Library of B.oks, Uo.-Ab-lute Sale.-Southend, E-sex.-By Mr` 19, H. JACKSON, on Saturday next, June 14, at 11 for 12, by order of the Execusser. H3EE genmine Lib-rar-, containing ipwvards of 1,100 T volumes ofhbooks (a crest porti)n of modem date and many quite ne), a very superior gold watch. a few trinkets, Indian cabinet, and other miscellaneous items, the property of a gentleman lately deceased, removed for counvenicnce of sale to the room lately used as a school. opposite the Royal Hotel, and near to the railway station. Catalogues to be had at the Hotel. Southend; of M1r. WV. H. Jackson, auctioneer, Rochford ; or will be forvwarded on application by post on receipt of two stamps. Lorrinore-sqtuare. Watworth,-Moslem Household Furniture, two Pianoforts, Books, 1'rints, Wine, and Effects. 1TR. GRAHA will SELL by AUCTION, on the ArL Premise., o rFriday, June 13, at I precisely, the wlioleof the modlem FURNITURE; comprising mahogany, Arabian, four-post, and other bedsteads, featber beds and bedding, chests of drawers. wash-handstands and toilet glasses, mahogany sideboard, chairs and easy chairs in morocco, leoo card, and othler tables, two pi Inofortes, books, prints, Brussels carpets, china, glass, and kitcben utensils, together with a few dozens of wine, in Port and Sherry. On view Tbursdayandmorningof sale. C*ataloguesonthe premises,andof the auetioneer. 1. Air-street. Piccadilly. S0, Westbonme-grove, Baysaater,-Modern Ioulsotd Furiture and effects, Rosewood Cottage Pianoforte, Proof Engravings, Plated EVWELSFORD and Co. will SELL by A U CTION, To-morrow, June 12, at 12 for 1 o'clock, the FURNITU6E 7f thceabovceresideiice, comprisingmnahoganyArabian bedsteads and bedling. wardrobe draw.ers, ma-.ble top washatands, ,c., a drawing room suite. mahogany chairs, sideboard, tables, &c., proof engravings, bronzes, china, glase, and kitchen requisites, garden rollr, anduengine. On view Wedneday, and morning of sale. Catalogues on thc premises, and of the auctioneer, 75, New C urch-strceet, Edgewareroad, and 49, Westhourue-grove. No. 65, Wimnpole-street, Cavendish-square-The Superior Furniture Splendid Glasses andEffects hU1ESSRS. OXENHAM and SONS will SELL by iVJ. AUCTION, on tho Premises, THIIS DAY, Jime 11th, and following day, at 12 eacti day, the superior FURNITURE, inciuding damask cuirtains for five windows, withrosewoodchairs, sofas, couchcs, side and centre.ottomans, covered en suite, splendid chimney and central glassesw, ith tables to correspond, chandeliers, loo, card, occasiornal and other tables, ornamental items, dining room and librar chairs and sofas, sideboard, set of dining tables bookcase. Ce,: four-post. and secondary l,edstes,da and hangings, vith the capital bedding. winged and plain wardrobes, drawers, washst.nds, glasses, dressing tables, &c.; the domestic requisites and numerous effects, May be viewred on the Tuesday antecedent and mornings of sale, and catalogues had; also, at Messrs. Oxenbam's offices, 353, Oxford-street, near the Pantheon. Ryde, Isle of Wight.-By Mr. EDV;,tAD MARVIN, at Sivier's Hotel Ryde, To-morrow, the 12ti day of June, at 3 o'clock, rFHE very valuable Property, knoNwn as Mlount lHouse, a handsome detached family residence, situate in a fine elevated part of Ryde. commanding extensive pea views, containing nine bed rooms, drcsosng room, dining and drawing rooms, library, breakfast parlour, with unusually complete domestic o@fices; a fouretall stable. coach-house, with coachman's rooms and lofts ever, flower garden, lawn and terrace walks, forming altogether a most convenient and comfortable sea-side residence for a large family. The tenure is leasehold for 999 years subject to £16 per annum ground rent. Particulars may be had at the hotels at Ryde, Cowes. Portsmouth, and Sonthampton; at the Auction tfart; of fi,essrs, H. and G. Lake and Kendall, solicitors, 10, Lincoln's-inn; of MAlessrs. Cobb, sirveyors and land sgents. 1S, Lincoln's-inn-fields: and of Mr. Edward Marvin, the auctioneer. Ryde. of whom cards to view may be obtained. In Bankrnptcy.-Re Robinson.-No. 7. Wellington-terrae, Claphar- rise, Beneficial Lease. 3.COO Vols. of Books, Fixtures, Utensils, and Stock of a Stationer and Bookseller. MIR. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, I onthe Premises, To-morrow, June 12, at 12, by order of the Assignees, the HOUSEHOLD FUR.N ITUIIE of the uisual description, Fixtures, and Utensils, comprisingrmaIhogany coates, r shelving, boos cases, gas fittings, &c., together with the well-assorted stock, including prayer-hooks, bibles, church services, new books, fancy articles. prints, account books, andacirculating libr.ar of about 3,CCO vols., mostly standard works, And, at 2 presbery, the vauable leause of the excellent Bus'ness Premises beld for abomnt 21 years, une.xpired, at the very low; rental of £n35. MIay bo Viewfed. Cataleesses. with luareiculars, on the premlses ; of H. H. Stanafiel(l, Esq,, oflficial assignee. Basiuaghall. street; of J. E., Chklfley. Esq., solicitor, 19i, Gresahm-strecet; or of the auctioneer, 23, Poultry. Noure, Q Five S Pinofortes by emmibnUent mTakers, in en , Clhuna, Glass, an d numerons Effects throughbout the spacious premisess. MESSRS. RUSHRWORTH and JARVIS vill SELL 1Jby AUCTION. on the Premises, on Friday, June 13. the FURNITU_RE and APPOINTMEETS of a first-class SEM5NID-ARY for young ladie, including 25 four-post aid French bedsteads, with supsrior feather beds ard bedding, 30 capital mahogany chests of drawers, washstands. dressing tables, and other bed chamber appcndages; dining tables and clhairs. Tierkey and Brusinels carpets. a handsome Indian table in lac japan, Oriental and other pormelain. cloeks and ornaments, an or-moiilu chandelier. and other fittingsof theball room mahogany tables and forms in thso rheol-room. The musical instruments comprise graZnd and cabinet pisnofertes byBresadwoo)d, grand Lwnttage and square pianofortes by Kirk-man!, and a guitar; the table an.:l bed linen, chins, g1ass2, and culingryorticles are of the customary ulest.iPtiOn; a few beetsZ, anld other ef ects, Mlay be viewred one day prcviu,us. andr cataloguas bed On Cthe premiseS; and of Moue2r. RusPhwo°rth iaHd Z _jpis$, Savhllt-rcv., H fePit-I(tretf4 and l?; Vb3r.go.allez, Kouism Straban acid Co.'s Beakrratc.-The Ashureft WhAte, neaar Dorking Surrey. - ]rESSRs. DAVIS andx JOHNSTONE beg to an. I.. liounc-3 that they are instructed by the Asaignees of Messrs. rstrah.r. Paul. and li'tea. and with the concurrenoe of tbe MortgAges,. to BELL by AUCTIO21. s.tGarTaway's, on Friday, June the 20th, at 12, theP initicrtant andi ormraental IOSTATA known as Ashurst. other- wis HgigAshurst with its beautiful villa, residence, late the se-at of Mr. Strahran. delg'hfally siturate in a mnost picturesque country, about live mile from Epsom, and three from Dorking, Surrety. The estate is frehod, ealy lllan-tx rdemed ad apotio feefrom great mentllad. hereare2 cmplee frm omcsesd inostsul,stantiml repir,anda hir usd or he aml:epea.squartera. The residence stads po th brw f alul, helerd fomthe niorth and east, and altoug ata geateleatin i aproahedbyin easy trotting road. Theaceracndaion aford4 ae 2 prnrialand secondary chiamber.s dresin roms nd ureris, adis' oudn-opening on to adellghitf'l conservatory, a tentlemani's study, a very inique drawing room cons. municatL'-g wtith the library, a spacious hall and billiard roons, and a lofty dining room ; the domestic oliea are of a moat complete cha. racter, anid coutain every appointment requiaite for anoblexnan's:or gen tleman's seat, at the rear or the domuestic offices are the stablin, coach houses, laundry, aud other out-ollices The ladies' conservatory opens upon the Clower garden. beautif.illy lad out in parterres and terraces,- colmmanding imost extensive and delightuil views over this picturesque orrtion OfSlurrey There are also orsageries andI graperies, and a pro. utektchenigardeni. The whole of thepropertyiaBin hand,and iA. like amot, of the neighbouring estates formed ornamentally by the pro. ,rictor. Particulars are incourse of preparation,and maybe obtained by application to William Bell, Esq., offcial assignee, 3. Colemanstreet-buildings,. of J. T. Coolcy. Req. solicitor. 5. Leuribs Conduit. pIace, of Mdesars. Lascrance. Plewa. andL Nyer, solicitors 14, Old Jewy chamisers. London ; of G. Carter TMorrison, Esq., solicitor, Reigatee aytGarraway's; and of the auctioneers, 68. Mark-lane. London. -1Eligible Leasebolds, for luvestment.--Southrwark. tSSRS. DAVIS and JOHNSTONE are instructed iLto SELL by AUCTION, at Gasrmway's, on Friday. June,20. at 12, a.desirable LEAbrHOLD ESTATE; comprising two hiouses, with shOPS, No. 8 and 9, Church-street, Southwark, and six brick-built dwellmng-housecs.inslanger-court, adjoining, and producing at moderateo rents £170 nec annum, and held for a term of which 15.1 3ears were unexPired atLPady-day last. 7Iay be viewed by permuission of thetenants, and particulara obtained of Messrs. Lumuley and Lumnley. solicitors. 41. Ludgate-street: at Garraway's; anid of the auctioneers, 68. Mark-lane. Sale of Life Anurities.-U nder Bankruptcy 1~TESRS.DAVI andJOINSTONE are, inLT.stcctd b th AsigeesofMr.JobViteetoSELL by AUCTiO, t acawa's o, ridy.Jue 0. t 2.TW LIFE ANNUl- TIESunoiutng o Al pranom,ayalo uring thejoint and several liva o to pr~ns,grd57andISresecivey.Particulars may he obtine attheMar; o Wi. Bll,Req, olicalassignee. 3, Colemanstret-biliings ofMesrs.Frasr ad My. oicItors. 78, Dean. stret,S,.o: t G raay'; ad o th autioeers 68. Mark-lane. .5Mesrs Str,slun and Co.'s Bankruptcy. i',J ESSSRS. DAVIS and JOHNSTONE aye in- structed by the Assignees Is SEL by AUCOTION, at the Ashurst Matisior.. nearDlorking, Stirrey, on Monday, June 23. axid following days, at 11 for 12 each clay, the whole of the excellent FURNITURE anid other curtly APPOINT:,lEXITS of Mr. STrahan's late residence, comprising the complete equipments of 24 prinicipal and secondary chra-rhers :-Matrogany dining and drawing room srnibms elaborate essvings in wood byRogers. slate billiard table. hallclock,bhandsomnevelvet, B5russel,, and other carpets, daumask and chintz draperies,brilliant plate chimney and pier glasses, a collectrori of valuable paintings sad watercolour drawings by Ostada. Morland. Hunt, anjd other esteemed masters, also an extensive arell-selected library of hookcs, irrolirdinig some very rare and asarce editio.,s. 1,en0 onsces of plate. consisting of an elegant epergne. and a service of threaded pattern table plate, an assorturent of Sivres andl Dresdeni china,~ rich cut-glasvs, .iO dozen of choie wres;thelitingsof oo dmesic ffices1; greenhouse plants, preedinsle, andl eaehrloges lio.ac, tor honoestinedto onappiation. lfogte.thet Mee.ron Lawursdae, Julows, and Buyer solicit[ors1 HOUSE, No. 16. 'Wood-street. Spitaltilalds ; four leasehold houses and shop, 2 to27.Holwelllan, Soreitc; aleasehold residesilee 31. Cavedrs-stret,New ort-roa: ad aleaseholl estate of io,rr houes,Rtrsdl-trrae.iloleril-oa, Bixtn.Particulara riay be had f Mss-. Hrrion ad aas-orogh,soliitos, , Boomburysqure;of . Smue, Eri* slictor 26 Ne Brad-tret;of H. Haris.Esq, slictor ti. Morgte-lret;at te art; and at the lPortimaui eqnraTe.-lfow-ohold Ftirruiture, Ornaments, arid Effects. R.STE,VENS is instrueted to SELL by AUC. .11%TIN. on the Premises, 81. GlGcester-placee. Portnman-square, lately occupied~ by the Lady Noel Byron. on Thursday. JTnoe 10. at 11, the RE "NNG genuine floUSEHOLD FUItNITUItE, comprising French and other biclsteads,antd bedlding, niahogany ladies' winged wardrobes, glasses and clhairs, mnarqireteric leo table, card tables, sofas, chimney glasses, curtininanid chairs, china, clocks, ormo-'lu cande-labra. a1 pair of Nankin vases, dining coons chairs, sideboard. what-nots, a fewv Tota of fixturms and numerousa miscellaneous efrects. MAly ho viewed tIre daty prior to the sale, and caitalogues had on the premises, and of Mifi. Steveos. I.Chrapel- place. Poultry. 1'rino,eis-trset, Rtotherhithie.-il diesirable Freehold Dlwrlling-lrouse. jIV R ROGERS iwill SELL by AUCTION, on tIre Prenrises, on Tuesday, Juno 17, at 1 (on the sauie day with the excellent bonsch'-ld furniituzre), by order of theo Execuiter of Ir .II tarli,,g, decease'5, a desirable FREEHOLD DWELINGt,H-OUSE anid PREMNISES, uriost advanitageo'tsly sittirate, NLo. 22, Price-sree, hiheshihe lae heresdeceof the deceased, May be iewd svenday pror o te sle Sunayexcepted), ashen par- No, 87, College-street., C4mden-town, near tio Raila Station.-To Fishmongers, Poulterers, Cheesemonges Furnitur Dealers, andl others,. i'1 R. IIASLE HAMl -will SELLby AUCTION, on the J,J.L Premi ses as absore. To-miorrow, Junie 12. at 12 for 1, without reserve. HOUSEHIOLD FUIRNITURE, 61-octave piccolo trianofortei, eagravings, bed and table linenr. together with thle capital fittings-up of the above eligilble correem. The furniture is good and of the USUal descriprtion; the fittings, iselnide large nmarble slabs, counters. scalts,fishr trays, cl,eesemsonrer'sfihtures. abd efrects, which wrnl beoflferod in one lot, wit possin d if r,ut bid for will be sold in the uisual way. On. view the m0r-n,rg'ouf sal e, a nd catalogues h ad on thec promises, an d at Clerkenwel1 green. Hlousehold Firs-iture, 61-octave iianoforte,Lnn ok, China, Glass, aurt Effects. f~R. FINNIS will SELL bv AUCTION4, on the LI' Prenmises. 37. Haxt-Erret. BlocnmAbury, THIS DAY. Junel11. at 12. the HOUSEEHOLID FURNITURE, Comprising four-post and iron bedsteads and excsilent beflding, w,inged anid ether wsrdrobhss chests of drawvers rosewsood chairs, couches, and tables; two pedestal sideboards,. set of dining tables, chimney glasses, wvindow enurtains, carpets, kitchenTreeltisites. and other effecte. Maybe viewed on Tuesday. Catalogruesbhadon the premises; and of Mr. Fienir,auctioneer and values, 53, (Ireas Rsissell street, Bloornsur-y. No. S. flarleyford-place. Kermnugton-parln_-GeniTue ~Fumjit-reand Effects. TLR. BRIANT is instructed by the Executors of thie £klate Mms. Burn to SELL by AUCTION. en the Prtmises, as above, To-morrow. Juno 12, at 12, the genuine EFFECTS ; conspriseg ahoanyfou-pot ad oherbedteas ad bdding. Spanish rassoanywadrbes ed he rol hanho rquiits,mahogany bed iewedtheoadaypreceodin arond thentm.mihgofutheg soale5s Cataloges annum, arising from so Hone.s, a, t Hatclham New-town. 1WibR . 1 COLLIER bas res-eived directions from LV ggees. to S t.LLhy AlsOTIONT. at the' Mart, on Teesday, July S at 12, in IS lots, FREIttIOLD GROUND RENTS,amounting to £246 5s. 61s per annum. tecurcid.ripen 66 small dwvelling-houses and premises, titurate in Hlatehama-street, Cross-street. and Hatcbarnroad, O1ld Kent-road. Tine property is of recent erection, and let on leases, for terms having about 2 0 years to run. The groutnd rents aeera'e about £3 15so per lioise. and the propterty will ho Fold in lots acomr ing to the leases. Particulars may ebortlybhoobtauned of Messrs. Britiges, Mason, and Bridges, solicitors, 23. Bed Lion squiare, Hoblorn; at the MNart; and of Mr. V. J., Collier. 3, Moorgate street. Bankruipt Stocks.-To Woollendrapers. Tailors, andI General Oiet- fitters. MESSRS. PETTITT and SON 'will SELL by MJ AUCTION, at the Rooms, 21, Old Bond-street. on Wednesday, iinns 18. and follow-ing day, at 12 foc I eachi day precisely, by direction of the Assignes-s and Trustees of several insolvent estates, an extensive andvaried STOCK of WOoLLENGOODS, ihosiery.mcu'smnercery,camp equipage. military outfits, and readly-made clothing, Saxony and superfinebrodelths piots bever, ad lver drbs,single and milled doesios easimres,andta-eds ric fiure siks antI velvets. vesiug ingret vriey, ottns,holsrs~n,alpacas, arid general trimrins. Say e vewedels daypreedig tIre sale, Cataloguies had t th roms; f I H, eglc, Pl.,26, Golden-square; of Messs. ichlso an Edwrds oficil asigees: of E, Ho-detinson, Esq. 17 LitleTowe-steet an of he nclonccs,tI 48, Brewer- Walton-on-Thalmes. Snrrey.-Desirable Freehold Property, let to re- spectable teniants, producing a reniita of ff162 a year, ijESSRS. PLEWS and WALL are directed by the -VITrusteesto SELL by AUCTION, at theGriffin otel, Kiingstonor-Thames. on Saturday, June 14, at 2 for 3, in nine lots, ani eligibole FREEHOLD ESTATE, situate in the village of Walton-on-Thames., compisig Nr. to15,Manr-pace le torespectable tenants at weely entls th Oll ano-hose ee-shp. etto Messrs. Asheby, brewrs, n lase,at 26 pr anum;and he ld anor-house, let to tenats a wekly eisato.May e vewedandParticulars had of Edwad Cack, Es,, oliitor 29 Befordrow ofMr.Richards. 15, St. amess-pace.Hanstesl-rad;at te Catle Walon;tIre Griffin, Kinsto; ad f PowsandWal, 4, oulry Lodon ad Claphamroad, Surrey.on Surey M SRS. BLAKE will SELL by AUCTION, at tir1e.Sh1ip Inn, Croydon, on Saturday. June 21, at 2 for 3, by direction of the execuztors under tIre will of Dir.* HenryBaum,. deceasedi, a compact and highly imnprovable LEASEHOLD ESTATE, eligibly situate near the railway bridge, WVhite Horse-road, and withiin five mainutes' walk of the west railway station, comprising a pair of capital brick-built dwelling-houses with forecourts and gardens, a detached house with commodious buildings, garden. yard, and Paddock; in the resectve ccuatins f M. Seves, r. ea, Mliss Day, and others, atorens amoqunings to£71dpe andondm, butercatpabe Plaes Consriderabl aug metaion A There bein capita bouiligstes, wiFethfirsct-rt T ioronin end ThelO estate is hed2irc from h reoder OK,cmrsn fratermaofders yau nu. feromuLady-day 1o26 atputire lotannuald co yeient of£0 articar, wit plans, mayihog had rat (laraway'of offeeh,ouswe,l' Chane-aly of JQs Embesras.Dlausonds Robvainon, and TilColictores, Raoydon;s Smbdofi Frensrs Babs,Egls Cry on. lr,Sa tsHra.Dvisn ig Bookls inauiresomardes, and bound stereotype plates,o CoprighDmbts,ic DitonaTya TdHueker' and aRRETT M waraills SreLLh byvu tio. AUTols , atco' thfeirdlPoness.c 22, o Fleetstee., T2 mol.Rrowsan fologyowenglday aoutr12 mordendBOOKs, compvriouns rminderos,seannmierous copiers-h oyihs of popula.StandrdsWor s Noyemi en ulis,an Hintopease'sWorks,ft Idays evieedr Wrns, abianogNightsa tePotso thEex-e Wos, Fathe redeFbourdtand topheFIn ArtsabtGeae, Florainth Emblsems Plan Tantd, Arlevtseof Cottarige, Randonot's, Symr lic novkelsan romances, So,;fthe Waten,tcpmpiigatesoft Merle's Dofigood Ditinary andj Houkepe's Meanul; Mafate'sFec-eou jV ElSSES. NOCKOLsDS and KING have received Iinstructions to SELL by AUCTION, without reserve, at the Rose and Crown Inn, Saffron Walden, on Saturday. July 5, at 4 in the af ternoon, in five lots, the following valuable FARSlS:-Lot .. Piggott's Farm, on Bardfield-eiid-green. Thaxted, containing 55a. Ir. 24p., in tenure of Miss Hockley-freebold. Lot 2. The Parsonage Farm, Arkesden, sitnate near the church, containing 143a. lr. 25p,, in tenure of Mrr. A. Iaurrell-freehold. Lot 3. White Friars Farm, Arkeaden, containing 60a. 3r. 32p., in tenim of Mr. Nottage-part freehold part copyhold. Lot 4. sird-green Farm, Clavering, contaSg 14-a. Or. 6p., in tenure of Mr. Clarke-copyhold. Lot 5.LanglcyUpper-green Farm, Langley, containing. 76a. lr. 3p., in tenuro of Air. tock-copyhold. Particulars, with lithographic plans, may be had 10 days previous to the sale, upon application at the Swran, Tha.xced; Fox and Elosurds, Claves-ing;* George, Bishop's Storifurd; Sacraen's Hlead. Dernmow Red Lion, Cambridge; of the several tenants; also0 of hlessrs. Walford, solicitors, 27, Bolton-street, Piccadilly, London; and of Messrs. Nockohls and King, land agents, ac.. Saffron Walden, Esisex. Suffolk.-Irnportnt Freehold and Part Copyhold Estates, in the several Parishes of Thorndon, Risbangles, Mickfield. Debenham, Stonbam Aspal, and Stowupland. and the Manor of Rishangles. all of rhich are in the county of Suffolk, and near to the two principal market towns of Stowsmarket and Inswich. Tt R. SPUJRLINi* respectfullly announces he has 111 received instructions from the Devisees in Trust of the late Ricbard Dalton, lsq., deceaed, to offer for SALE by AUCTION, on Friday, the 27th day of June (unless an acceptable offer be previously made by Private Contract), at the Fox Tavern. Stowmrarket. the folloasiug ESTATES in lots: -Iot 1. Tee Lodge Farm. in the parishes of Thorndon and RishanRles, containing 264a. 2r. 14p. of capital arable and pasture land, with farm-house and buildings, now in he occupation of MAr. Wm. Kerry. Mot 2. Hestley-green Farm. in the parishes of Thorndon and Rishangle.s, consisting of 158a. 2r. 20p. of good arable and pasture land, with farm-house and bildings, in the occapation of M-rs. Cook. Lot 3. The AIanor of Rishangles, otherwise Rishangles and iNortham, vith its members. Lot 4, The Mlickfield Farm, situate in the parisher of Mickfield and Debenham, containing 152a. Ir. l3p. of very fine arable and pasture land, with farm-house and buildings, now in the oocupation of Mr. Robert Simpson. Lot 5. The Aspal Stonham Farm. consisting of S6a. Or. 22p. of very superior arable and pasture land, farm-honse, and bulldings,1in the occupation of Mr. William Mrulliener. Lot 6. The Stownriland Farnm, comprising 142a. 2r. l9p. of first-rate arable and fine old pastie land, wish farm-house and buludings, in the occupation of Mrs. rynman. Possession of the above estates can be had at ichaelms ne.xt, with the excePtion of lot 1, vwhich is under lease that expires at ,Uichaelmas, 1859. 1 articulars and conditions of sale, with pla:s of the severl estates, are inpreparation, andwill be ready for detribution three nrecks prior to the sale. Applications to be made to r. Spurlnz, Shotlley,n ear Ip sivih.and to MerBle . Capren. Brsbant, Copcopn lad Dalton, Favils-pince, New BurLington-strcet, Bondon. Rege'lgPark,-l .aebotd F.sAdenoe,let at £50Oper annum. I MR. GODDARD -will SELL byv AUCTION at the Mfart, on Thursday, iunes i9, at 12,& J.;EA EOLD FAMIILY HOUSE. No. 30, Carburtou,.etrest, Portlasid-zoad. Ict at the rental of 50 Pier annum; leaEe, 31 years unexpired; ground rami, £0 10i. To be viewed-by Permission. Particulars may be had a the Mart, and at TMr, GIaddardps office, St. Colenian-atreet. Westssinste-r-bridge.ro&±T,eahboId Shop. at ai peppercorn. -%/YR. QODDA1UD will SELL by AUCTION at the 'F LMrt,OnThusdY,June 19. at 12. na crner SHOP and i)WL, \G-HOUZE, let to"Mr. Hoigand. a general dealer, at a rental of £21 per amumin ternm 75 years unexpierd. at a peppercorn To be viewed by PernmiOn- Partinslara may be obtained of Edaein Hedger, ERi., solicitor, Furnival's inn; at the 1ae.t; and at Mr. GoddarePa office, 54, soe a-treet, city,, AboueReversions to gw umas of zU4s- eich, heepr Cen. en Morcsees Uder~ owe o sae,toSEL by AUCTIO'N, at theMar. oThueda, Jne1 at12.in wolots, the above BtEVERSIONItY NTERSIB artiular maybe obtained of Messrs. Woo an Frnce soiciors Facodsqure:of T. A. Curtis, Ecu., solitor.Giufifod; t th Mar; ad atMr.Goddard!s oflices, 51, Vll4 j LashldResidence. ~iR. GODDAR a ecie nstructions to SELL A by AUCTIONa h at nTusa ue9a ~ genteel RES1I)ENC,5,Pnobpae VnXa1sd lnio containing ninie rooms n ada iera,i h cuaino respectable teniant, at etlo 5 e nu,Hl o a term of 70 years uuexpired,a agoudreto £5 . To be viewed. Particulars may be obtainto .A Cri,Ec. solicitor, Gauildfofrd; at the Mart:. and at hri6ua-'sofcs 4 Coe.an-st,et city. Islington.-Desirabl leaeodPoet e Investment, Producing ARD ba recivedinstruction from 131til Sfrtggeeto ELLby UCTONat thelMart onThuraday lOb o Jue. t 1. aLEAEHOD ETAE of FOUR well PROPERTYsln. Lnosbardastre;at h a tanat3YGddr' oT.ceA.54 Cuoi- sLemausolctrert..Gadli soliciom Faco Valuable Aideeraotr Ithere rtst. t GoddaibyAUrceIO.a5,etineMr,o hrdyJn 9h t1 ?icc RISO.IJ RO VERTRIO D tovFl SELL (by of r(eE fhOL PbOeb. To-m known aune 2 MoutPleasant1 neciseleotrgaPt.NTnothe couGNtyoEebr, oneistand of Tw Lmeashold Hwerie luhPen ler drkene Thewhole. e-tineatedtoperoducee£20pewrfanum,ak-gandreceivableatthes wt.hA Cuerh.ead. moicii,twopar.Guoffordlln of viessr.WO aonds Fr. anc e, soicitdors. alon-sqare, Catldeet-steethatouthepMrtms-; and atmr. Gobdart' Refices 4, Gra Calolemah-street. i. Frlie tur-ertocWryTrde ofnbes an iromsonvert,T Ea-iginefersad others MIJR. ROBERT REID will SELL, (by orde Rofothe beh T-orewt,alrruhstet nFrdy June 12. a 20tor27 preisel, til LATofa ENGOECK conisina o aUNSHN TNOnehrsoer: hcghpressure directastion stam engines tandtl boiler, he powrulds bwack-gearloione lathes, withs tovorhea moto, ILtyopio bellewdows vicesd oi,dc ay bn on3go ae, viewe mnc f ae atalogues haed.hepeiss ndo r Fudrniture.itoc inDradewfing IrDomnogr S algtulld n Gluse, an otlinumferoutEfet JR.ROBERT REID will SELL, at his flooms, iVi.reat Marlbcrongeh-Atreet. on Mriday. June 13. at 12 for 12 h STcoclK rofera FURINTSITNG irnn IRO alnGER compwrisndan stres. boangeso,fendrsl, o=ireions, showe faudv other cbints, satsnedctoiet sn eats,coalncdtls teakreltth copper tables, siebowards,pcmrey lamdps,r teapots. b-r-acl urs, i and otercronsbasn cuinronUtensile apsannledxcels, caen retus' tool. dcMannueosfec. y be viewedl on udaanmoigofSatrale, and catalogues had. TofSal Cuapins,iCouchwendt1Chvre GrtagdsPianoote largeatachimoney Glasses, andaot erBEefects 1rR. ROCHERT REIDS will SELL, at hisTRoom, Mat GreatMartlhonriuhsre.o oday, June 26. at 12, wolt fo, 12pa o cloAT, odern FURttaRE, including alnUto. ro-sewoed, anmdima-t beindlether anGareyhoth,d dIninga teatbles,ommsideboars,cime and piler claoes Lo,ndo nd ontheroa capts, brassonandaliron bedseag.dsoang exceltalentbeddn mwholen anshed birecha wamderobes et gofin draers, blasinesturnds,vdresnsingetables.tillneom.forspallnvedchmbertfurniture kitben riewused, and natiuleros h(atheffrets. unda bte vieedani Stuhrday, Manrat;alond hadi1. Relraos 2 ilansrd iy Tlo Sral Cautain nn t.-TLeonard'eotags, attigs Streathamt-cLo-asmon il1R. RICH-ARD MOSS hill SELLbyd intnCTION, TION. at the Mart, on Friday, Juine 27. at 12. in ton lots ah compiact INTTE ofr 2 PULcHOttgS, fnormng Grythe nohount-qar,imeiatel behupindgth Greyomindntosi tio oSteehtn-emnsea. abou clsex miles from Leonadon. ontheioread toiCroyontaisCo,a eshop,( doing Fasttood tadle. wTherwholaei Thel honuese, aotais amdrat bgrproundren andrebeo, viewed, cu roiand patiiaghau t thed Greyound. wtrethclami the baGre hond. Ca'sroyoms; aflA. Ta Hewtt.g Edjoinin, icholas-lane,ctiytat thep Mart;ind ofe Mr.l bicard Moss, 12.te witing Wilamstevetr. cityrent Tae FuntiisuInn. St.urbl oLeotnad's,oHastngs.close taortestabloohngar' RlirsigadlwaycSatioebsnes. wit possession if y des adred. e i B,I ayRIHAR MOS sreeived bpeL othocip,ranstrucationlas 15.Iostheprmie;or egarse Hnder,a poerefnae, tod SELL, by AUC-s TO.at the Mtran art,enridy Juntel 27. ato 12 in one lort, athe caital occupsyingla promien.Htpsitionwoposit thel Hosea, anod close the StM eonard's St,ationof termie narthSuhCos en South-Eastern Itthewarin being one-lfeth mIEt inwprfuin situtins inR tHORSEfSin ableareatyraiig-placnefh ous.e -ontabinbar, carr parlloli, smokringe rom kaitchen club, rwoom,ad eightbed mos waithlbrw aclarseinthrebaemen:rood yatard, with stalled ftlug yearling bosses coach-houswe,loft,e berthirnd.Te hlferhs. bser,obi3eenectdwhiafepariyeambs.an pryeset annesiaedlyefaouringfableoppotunaylogsandactiv pe m n forestabihngoa tfeourtiohne an Kluclratv uies spsesinua.ehdi qrd. aY.b -ee G ByS prisso faofuted ocuier, anstrutionsars hWad.onteremss ofL beyrs Hoper, GreeIOne, andmHunt, atunew12sa at the 2ta andMr Grarter',Hotel. Drighon; Tatem tIhestMart; andlaof r. Rossinhard teoss,l12,UKing Wilam-treet, city.eetsaddcoat Miuaerrk-irbushteyt.Corerta-stwerftl Ca3rt Hosrses. arod Mares, ande Foal, a apimlStllio. Heters ndefors,Seep.ta & rea. e AKER and SON will SELL itiby sAUCTION,ba on Titda, Jne 7. t 2 onthePreise, nar t4e Souslhystuatio, the ari beng e-le. FVE pwerul PounglarT HOsrsES a-d bro Ccr haes a,ndefals fourlesyeldarliCng catcolt.20tolbe shRthr heit and sUteers, at bt l Lio shee Sand lamb, atc Mayoleen be Then-auctioeers,da Islof rn. et~i eea lt.TV hgl e r-able PEEa PoplARI. aned Brom ss Mdlesex. -weFrm- cm 1pfrWi2, atbor.1 Gcraeso, GiretenDao Travler, High-, pstureet Ppar, 11o anewly-eruaeated -awo. e si.oooDW~LngleoUSEandflensailegafrom Mand posesfel,inc--nenlulyn !aly tihelatdestiorablemet auldnd e imecoiateols rsietuatleirby-s,tret Corderiastereets. P~rins-tred pandrtcul -stretco, dlsotiro on aevi eniently5-roosd Homes, w1t hefy shiops stuathe iny thsae EasIndima-roead. Poplr ppithe Cutoer thur--lch.,and Coucaptal Caf rcase planned ford sixrveor,ofLeh. Paticulordshiandcondith ions aybe hwano It.on: Gancd of . , url'-mn Messrs.ane,Fr . Logorne, 14. Sikerms-qare,o GmyS's-iun:Si. Lodo.H.CeuHihsre,rta;esr.Ivs andpon,tautaod Villas, EastigndWia-rad and Spirsiarie.TonGe's offcs Cheshire, hignearMclsil and Conth tn mit, Meato AUTO,atteLrnadSanInn,lat Congletn on Thursda.t-he 3d days of Jly ext in teclaseveral lonetsTW high lyn deal- m rle F ETEODFRMS cRADwlledCoe n SE Lowe FArCTIs,cm priin abovhe 32Aucresof' firt-,te ahublea,Jmeadw pasur, and1- wood,h laCNDs,PsitateOa Buwof nhea Cboie ton and fivui e milesof firomt-ratWlsINEd inTEcludi-ngman hopighysing35abz.-erbuilingcites orimmedatey conrtiguoustofth tiea Poft,C6nlatn,Ter-farms barey o0ccuped byl very repc.,tablethenants, at modgerqantet rets Printed pfartioueculritosandcn dh iueosto sualety wibehral for desldiver 14odas prile ortothedyo sriale, bkrsand maye thadeofte aucioneersa his -ooafl e, tast Condln ofamr. Lechlnd uro, of Lhesaek. Sataffogudshie and thee L,ari ono andSwan tren:hald oFamilessr ne,wt Ors. RaGn Fr,Loeorne,asd Pleasiu aond, o Gr asinndLondo.atGdr'gree,Hno.Mdls- ImpoRtant R IN and eSesvOFrinW Ne and Sp oreirithSl.T ete ilsPtERtinst oROAr will SAE L by AUCTION.ath ar, o Thuratdthe Auctio6Mart, on Thursda,sJunoa19,patb12 offr i, theiosl SaECON a vTaluoatblcoie and genuinrabe STEEOCK ofTE lafirst-ate WeeINEdM CaNT. thecmud, cprsng30mpa,vrysn fin eoldPot fmany yeasidncbtte, 151 cmpc secaSerr.,2 dofet,choietCarhet, Cihsampagne. adothier, wiautif3 laqu arder-c,e Sherry,re gotave paditoc, oSchd.and ahd e..o,atogether wtalargoqanity of wires, oflgariousy descriatGonseand buyers, aendonthettrae. Thre wines minewoodma btasted,andseamplebou bottmlesha prom to he siy,ald e.yCatacessibl te Maromt;eor-ndof the a ao h sidtand. bat eclet rnaet Golder's-gengHnr. id esex,an M ESSRS. HERRING and SON aresfavousredenwith insrucion tooffr fr SLE yACitIN at the Muart,ion o made) a aluble nd mst esirble REE oLDeStAT, layuehd-ata reidencg,tion ai( chtooDopatsmer, perfetletached,uwith Estatean-'y Mr.ces bAutfu 0 AEra, gardten opleasurenn ground,paddock Thrshary,th aisfi mayow alogun etherabot 41 acres, deig heatfroullyitsat atGo ldrs,ugreent to echond ittlioreaswi thaea il e from amuc a-hahdabu Freemlesfomd thesiy,andgeryFaccssbl fro th Lae(st-endo the town. Theste has antn excellenfrse ontage togobleta gres.n ap frc very extndsiv onled tOaklyarm,boa indici the Feea ainchisy-of a-rgoan whihoresatly enhanceshits vDluer,fomrshetdi opurposes.gtha. pres4ptof dstrntonglyaimsutotremlsfo the attntin of prhss.itheroroccuatdion ore invstmfent.l particuars wicuthy pla Sofersthean praopety,mybe hadtg at thewa JackcStrwosdastlen.lTme tenad:tofr R.Parkinso, wiql surwvteor portieharoo-and, maigte of Mh r esrtis Tiatha. tn, at h nd Cot soliectors, 27ausifras at the ofieo es&Meist;r aWndcftoneaorstHerrn andSion, t.Feet-stresae, t. baywomd viewigardr willaltoneada buter issed Vlungtnable CheeioldEthate DoRsve. nt,e ounrsty.of Sua ssaex.-BY Ir USrY .0 BKR at theWie DulrlImis inn Lehes,ither,counthrdy, thiex 26t Teday,o June next, at 4oc in the aftern oo,iutm,ot,sb FreeLsohatdesi ale,Fehl Farm, and tLandsei theu A part- ofve ie rmtgtces,.RSomerstom{Hurlsinglm, ard treof ric he andrLands ctalledo OakeyBiho FarmHsigsRa, in the svraparseso imihezo afoRiesi and CSelmetone Denser, SomeRspet ofievnsr,inigIs the count of imroabex pstr, copiigood93 arae. andb orhe amemrd orland.Th estaesllen distnt nlyabot tree ile frm te twniofhoall tand in thpe mot eril prtofth cuny f om Rse,adhv h vnaeo jearl,tenant, aethevry-l-ov-re-n"tofoe-3-7t' T-he- ththe-shavebecn com` muted, and the land-tax redeemed. The estate will be sold subject to an annual payment of £51 12s, 9d. during the life of a lady aged S0 years in June next, and also to an annuity of £100 during the life of a lady age,d Sl years in December next The etate may be viewed on application tothewtenant.alnd plans and p-aticulars of the property may be had at the Bristol HoteL Brighten; or of the actioneer, at jusrngton. or at his offices at fewhe, rundelr, and Worthing ot Mer Cinrle, Gray, and Woodcock, soiitors. 20. Lftcohas-in- fierds, London; s Messr., Homrby, Towgoods and Tue, solcitors, 3l, St. Swithin's-lane. Iondon: andpof Messrs. Savery, Ctark, and Fussell. o- licitors Bristol. Rame-hilL, Iffisy. within one mile and a-half of the city and UJniversity of Oxford,--', very enperior Villa, known as the Priory.-By Messrs. T. MALLAM&N and SIlK, at the Star HIotel, Oxford, on Tuesday, June 17. at 3. by direction of the executors, tIIE Excellent Country Residence of Richard Spiers, E:sq.. deceased, comprising a handsomne ston e-built gothic erection, wilth substantial and permanent verandah in front, containing on the ground floor an entrance hall, dining room. 1S feet by 16 feet; breaktast room or library, 14 feet by 12 feet drawing room, 18 feet by 15 feet, communicating by large folding-doors with a smaller drawing room, and forming together a handsomeroom 32 feet in length ; on the first floor, fonr Principal bed chambers, dressing room, and watercloset; and on the second floor. four good bed chambers. Under the principal floor, and opening to the office court, are gool kitchens, scuhiery, larder, vine.beer, andcoalcellars,c. Thereisalsosablingfor four horses, coach-house, brewhouse, poultry, and tool-house. The house is beautifulY situate on the side of a gently dloping hill, and the views from the windows of the principal rooms, which open to the foor on tlhs lawns, arevery extentive. taking in nearly the whole of the University and city of Oxford, the winidngs of the river Iss, and the surrounding country. The air is pure, the soil excelent, and the Espply of good water unfailing. The pleasure grounds, gardens, kc., comPrise an area of more than one acre, and are most tastefully laid out, having been arranged by hlr. Loudon, The undaulating nature of the ground admites of much variety of landscape effect. There are some large and wellgrown trees upon the ground, and the ornamental and flowering abrubs are in the fullest perfection. A broad and handsome carriage drive leads to the house. There is also a back carriage entrane, a greenhouse. a summer-hotse, hotbeds. under-gronnd manure tank. &c., and the whole propety is enclosed with substantial stone and brick waUs. This property in freehold except an inconsiderable portion on the east ride, which is C0pylold for lives, and a portion on the west side, whiich is leasehold for lives under Doaninton HospitaL, at nominal quit reuts, Masy be viewedt at any time previons to the sale between the hours of 10 and 4, by cardto view. huth may to haul, together with an/y information required, of MIessrs. sleter and Haszel, solicitors, Town-han; orof the aucis.oneers, fllyhartret, Oxford, fearly new F-aintsize. clea And elegant, removed from a Villa at :Harrw. THFESSFtS. IHAMMONWD and EILOART will SELL Itby AUCTION, at their great Rooms. 2&. -ChiaLery-larie. Tomnorrow, June 122. a' 12 forl, MAHOGANY four-post and IRO,;, CALNOPY BEDSTEAD, complete chataber-suites, clean beds annL bedding, draLwing room s-aite in walnut and 0Mtm damasak. curtains, large gLasaes, chairs, sofas. couche3, rnalg&uy iedesta atoLeboard, dinlag t-ables and chaLirs, Bruswels carpets, &o -; nU the kitchea requisites andLgarden tools in capital condition, also somse- good second-hand household andofflte furnCiture of th asunaI description. To view.'andcatalogweareasly the day before. -Im proved Gros=id1Ronts of £37 .,frOei, - ~jfESRS HAIMON an EIOART Will AELL tby AUCTION, at the Mlart, on Friday, Juane 20, at 12 fOr 1. the above. secured uptin IS houses, in Gray's-nn-place. Hindon-street, Pimnlieo. Of the rack value of £260 per annum, and subject to no definetUona P5rticnllaR of J. Beattie, Eaq., 2,3, Hanz-place Clhn"ea. and of the auctioneers, 23, chancery-lane.- ImprvedRens ad sallLeaseholds-. at Celsea end Wandswortb. TIj ESRS HAIdMNDand EILOART NilI SELL iiLby ACTION,at the Mart, on Friday, June20, ntlO for 1. a PROrII RET, f £1 1e.,for 45i, yeast secured upon tharee houses at ondstret Chlse,- woHouses, Nos. 77 and 73. Lower Georgostret, helen,wsth£47peran-aui, and held at onlystS. for 11 Tears: a PrfitRen of£33perannum, for 141 year.. s'cured -upon threa houes n Kngs-rad,Chese; Two Houses, 8 and a, Bradley-terrace Wandworb-rad, eldfor50 rears at a aroun,d rent. Particulars of Messs. riner nd ~re 1,John-street, Bedford-row; and of the auc- F [r opact seed-detached Cottages. Arbour-square, welilet, and. beld on lease for 54 rers 1pSRA1lIHAMMONDl and EILOART wil SELI tbYlts AUCTION, atteMart, on Friday, June 20, at 12 for I,hin close to St. Thomas's Churh, rhou-sqare,Comuercal-oad astletto capital tenants at £23perannm ech excpt o.3 'wIchinlet at £30). and hield at only£3 a. achgrondret, nd n ecelentrepair. Pa~rticulars of (1. lL raueha, Eq*, 1, ooratestrot;and of auctioneers, 23, F'reehold Weeklly -Rents, on trhedste of ~tht, Metropolitan Improvements: IIJrSSR. HMMCyD ad BLOART will SELTL * LVIby AUT EON at te Mat, onFrida, Jun 20,at 12Ifor 1, in fourots,THRE ROUESlLoweSeris-ple,r,andone in Brick- lOs, adla. erwekresectvey. nrtensrsob~aaof B. Jennine, Eq.,Now oewll-ourt an ofthe uctoners,23, Chaincery- uIlading Ma.eniat.% Ce-tret Lincoln's-inn Ito clear a site for the new Offices Of the Low Fire Insurance Society). 1jESSRS. HAMMhOND and EILOARtT are dIi- rected to SELL by AUCOTIOX, for the Society, UPon the Premies1S. Carey-streeo, on Friday, June 13. at 12, the BRtICK and TIMBERt ERECTIlqiS. IFittinigs, and Fixtures, of the usuial descrip tion, of large business premises, workshops, sItaing; also, the telnants fixtures and sUrplu14stcock, a capital wrousght-iron safe, four others twvo hot-air stores, two pair of forge bellow.s, and effects, To be viewe done dy prior to the sale, man catalogues to he had at the dtioees offices, '28, Chancery-lane. Near Rtochester, K4ent.-By Mefssrs. COBBt, at 'the Crown Inn, - Rochester. on Tuesday. June 24, at 5, in sevwn lots, flESIRABLE Freehold Estates, in the parislies of St. JLI Hfary antd Allhallows, Smiiles froin Rochester, coultsriiing asEnall faninhouse and premhtses called B rn-street Fann, in good repair. three cottages, and six enclosures of v-aluable srable land, aitogether about 13 acres, now in the Occupation of M %r. Edward Miskin, wvhose tenancy expires at 7lichaelmas next. Particulars, with plans, maiy be had at the principal inns in the neighbourhiood ; of G. Teede. Esq., solicitor, 5. Sloane-terrace, Sloane-square; and of Mressrs Cobb, surveyors and land agents. IS. Idncohi's-ina-Ilelds, London. and Rochester. ota-ah,Kent.-BY Mdessrs. COBB. at the Sarmen' HeaIn. Ashford, on Tuiesday. the let of July, at 2, i. oneelot,ea EL eydesirable Freeholdi Estate, called Caldecot, T ohrieCocate F'arm, in Ihe pa,ish of Lydd.lwithin one anie of the town of New Romaney. comprising about st acres of amble and pastuire land of the richest ouauity, with farna-house and premises; also a valuable brick'and tile yvard. immediately adjoining. the hi.-h road. The whole is in the orcuapationx of Mry. Robert JeAlsn Texrsy and offers, an excellent oroperty for investment or prolitablo occupation.. Particulars, withpilana, may be had at the principali lane at New Romney. Lodd. and Ashford; 'Of Messrs Hanibury uaud Smith, solicitors, Leamington; at the Aucetion Mdart' and of MWessrsj. Cobb, aurves~ors alndlandagents, 1S. Lincoln's-minlfield.-, andRtochester. Kant. Slfat Plunk, Shawls, Wearing Apparel, and Piece Bonds. Wh4. JOHNSON will include in Thursday's sale, LLJune 12. at12 exacttime. about 40 lots OfMEX3SAPPAREh, and PIECE GOtODS, by order of the Assicueco of a bankrupt, also about 1t pieces of French and Exnglish hat plosh, 60 newr sbawls, a few loinS of household furniture. and other effects. May be viewed the day previouis and morning of sae, and cataloguies had at the ros TO Mserchants, Shippers, Contractors, Beiildlecs, House Paiantes Oil and Colour Msen, &e. MR JOHNSON uill SELL by AUCTION, at the £t-L City Auction Rtoomns, 39 CGrazechurch-tirect, (in thae large room oni the first floor.) onx Friday, June 13, at l2 exact time, the STOCK of an E-XPORT OILMYAN, Ship Chandler, and Dsecorator; comoprisin abs)ut 2 tons of white lead, 1 ton of patent drliers, 70 gallons of copa and carriage varnishes, an- assortment of painters' and plasterers brushies, cemPrising dusters, ground brishes, rash tools, and twvo anda three knot distemper brushes; about 2,00 Pieces- of paperhangings in geld, flock. parlour, bed roam. staircase, hanl, and other papers; a great rariety of colours, v-iz. chromeyellow, Pros-ian blue,verondah and boat g~reen, emerald do.. black paint, lead colour paint, stone e'oardo,.,Oxford ochres. lanmp black-, Brunswick gree.s. and about 150 dog. pinkIes, sauces. ketchup. v-inegars, caper., As. ; also, 20 lengths of well-seassued oilcloth, and a6quant.ityof goods returned from,Australia, consisting of umbrelina. bswie knives pistois, a cask of slhelts, shawls, prints. &e. Isay bo viewed the day previous and omoring of cola; and catalogue obtained ai the aucationeer's offices, 39, rachrch-street, city. City of Lonclur.-Valuable Freehold an )eshold Estates in the centre of the city, forDsing an cnvestmeut. of the highest cia's. ST. Q'UINTIN is honoured with instr-uctions Al ELby AUCTION,. at thelsMart, On Friday. July IS, the valuable FRtEEHISLD and PAR-T LEASEHOLD PREIIISES,kmown as 37. Walbroolr, Mansion-house, having a frontage of 53 feet on the east side of the street together with theextensive premises inthe rear. distinguished ag Walbrook House, the whole occupiect in suites of ofricesandciwarehouses,and at present let on lease to) a most responaible tenant.at £470 Per annum,bhut from its extent and other advantages, the importance of its situation in the immedite viiniyfth Bank and principal niersantile establishment,s, the property is calculated to produce a muchi higher rental at the ex,pirmtimn of the present lease ; also Three Freehold Houses, situate ha 1Bond-court, 17albrookr, adjoining, Walbrook House, of the annual value of £110,. Particulars anid coniditions of Wae wilt shortly bo issued, to0 be had of Messrs. Ameory, Travers, and Smith, 25. Throgmnorton-sireet; and of Mr. St. QOintin, auc0tioneer, 30. RoyalExchainge. oppositetbeBank ofI England. ewrteeLodge. an, attractive freehold residence, with about 37 acres of Park-like0 leadow Land, 11 miles from town, and near tho North-Eastern Railway. 1~~R. ST. QUINTIN is instructed to SELL by M1. A'UCTION, at the Mart, on Fridlay. Julyl8, unless prelitsusly di,axised of by private cointract, the above iroly desirable PROPERTY, uate in that most leutaresque part of Esea.the delightful vicinity of Ch= ford. fIighbeech. Land the forest, and within thr6e miles of the Waltham-cress StatVou. The residence, which is of pleasing elevation. seated on rising ground. sheltered from thne north and noarth-east, affords ample accommodation for a gentleman's establielbnent with s-acihus offices, stablirig, farm-yard and Out-buildings, garden;aIs cottAce, greenhouses, charming pleasure groonds~, and pa7rk-like iand sloping to the river Lea, the whole being about 37 acres, freehold, land-tax redeemed, and tithe free. Immediate posession could ho had, ad to a g5entlem,anuconnected by businesswi6th te city, capable of.appreciatl-ig tle retirement of a thorough country residence, this wouild ho fouand one of the most enjoyable abodes -within an hour's ride. Printed v-articulars. ao * will shortly be ismed from Mr. St. Quintin's auction oflices. S0, Royal Exchiange. St.. Ncot'sand Eynesbury, in tile cosiaty of Huntingdon.-A superior Family Residlence and 42 acres ot first-rate Garden an Pastere Land.-3YW~' . MEDLAXI), at the MKart, on Friday, "June 27, at 12 for 1, in two lots, AT ESt. 2Neot's.-Lotl. isa superlor Family Tlesidence, Awith every, convenience and extelasive grounds, niear to the church., Perfectly private, although situate in t-he cenitre of the town, is well adaiptEd for a professional man, a ih-st-ate academy or seminary, or for any otlier purpose where room is required, The situation is remarkably healthy. swell drained, and abundantly rupPlied with spring andI sottwater, distant sue mile from the railway station. P Freeold AtXEyneslpiry.-.Lot 2 comprises four fields of fcat-rate garden land and another of pasture, containing together 41a, 2r, 6p.. boundeLd by proNertyof Mr. Jfohn Brown, the rectory lends, the estate of Corlone Humbly, the Great Northerns Railiway, and roads lead2iug from St. Neel's t.) Potton and St. Noot's to Bigleslenade. Part freehold and litte mre han mie ad a alffro theraiwaystationl. Przinted partculrs,wit lihogaphc pans mabe ad 4 daps prior to the sale atthe art Lonon;of M. Co, Dy, olictor a1 Sainl. Disy, Imprtat Ludd Etats, n he ouniesofNortha,mpton, Bedford. and Hntindon.Six aluale Frms,contining 1,4t9s. Or, 17p. of worth Covngto, andStow-By ILL om SEDel,aid, at tenc Loll~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~~nng35.3. 5. l re RCHau 'aLOD EFr M,in atgo rok on h estead., andh 24vc enclosures of exceln tbeadpsueln,cn tur aTningd. cor. gp. n i .15pa frerodadlntarehodee. .Lt2 h tapireo excellen Lamble and patrelandtwr, containing Gl5a. 2r, Snp.. allt reholdand tland taxed etemehe LtotF3. neBKrooboltdnLoge Frims, at sapteadl fas-ihoe, comtaes. ed orctaw and 16 enclosureso xcletral n pas capital arable and pasture land, containing I7la. 3r. 31p.. copyhold, hut the fine being certain is errmal in value to freelsol. The whole of the foreg-oing estates arewellsituate for themarlket towns ofHunting- dr.S.Neot's, St. Ives, Thrapston, Bedford, and I icaltion. Prined artessars wih lthorapic Plans, mlay 1 o hod of Messrs Forcr, Orry.and arre, soicitrs.C-I. Lno'si-fed,London ; Mr. hares Dy. ollwestn, earSt-amford ; or of Mr. Can, Day, Mr. Samel ay,andtheaucioner,allof St, Neo'CO, Heatingdonshire. Llacinshre.-y W,MEDfAND,at tePecosohlan, Boston,onWe-d. neady, uly2, t 2for intir afernon, in 45 lots. ~T~E Fars, ad 3 othr LadedInvestmnents, Con1. tinig 1375acre ofric arbleadgrrinlan, in the parirhesof Wragle Buteric-, nd reitsnal frehod.ttbfreo. andland-tta and kges rne particulars, wvith ll1tho phrlasmyb had 14 dasPrirt. h sale of Mtessrs, Roope.Brh lgan n 'Whately, oiior.15 Lincoln's-i,ntsiields. Lono Mrre lt and Calthrop soiiosBso; SIr. Swain,Wrgl;adoth auctioneer, li.NeotsIHns To-morrmw, at the Auction Mart. ' R. MO1ORE beg~s to reimind the vpublio that ho will MESELL hr A.UCTION, at the MTart. To-morrowv (Thsusiay), the 12th. a 019. in 15 lots, v-aluable FREEHOLD, Copshuld. and Leacshold ESTATES, consisting of a compact freehold fano. 35 dwelling houLses andl tao0 residences, decliablo for investment and occupatios givin voteg for Rent and Middlesex, and producin)g an annual rentall of £930 Descriptire particulars have appeared in fermer advertisuements, in ths paper, and maybho obtained at the Mart,t-AucTionl offices, Stile-endroad. Jime 12. 155G, Order 01 Sale of the Richmond Brewery. Inns, Public-houses, and TTCottages, in IS lots. b h M La ~p . IGGO T isinstrctedby te Motiwe s-ees -A Tueda, Jne17 at1,th whleof hi iporan POPERTY, in iSlts,in he ollwin oder:-A Itchmnd.Lot1.The T-leable andextnsie Bewey ad Pemies,wit th fixed pnlant and ma- chinery. Lot2, Theo'Old Ship, Comiiaerisl InLo I 3. The 'White CrossTavern. LMt4. TheWlhoHeart. LotS. TbcNewShip. Loe. The Prince's Head. Lot 7. An Undivided Moiety of the Cricketers. LotS. TheArtichoke. Lot!0. ThelRoscandCrown. Lot1O. TheTam o'Shanter. Lot 11. The far-famed lRoebnokl HoteL Lot 12. The New Inn at Ham-common. Lot 13. The Greyhound, at Kingston-onThames. Lot 14. The Railway Tavern. at Surbitonu ill. Lot 15. The White Horse, at Hampton. Lot 1G. The Seven Stars, at BreTnford. Lot 17. AFreehold Cottag-ein White Cross-row, at Richmond. Lot 18. A ditto adjoinine. The respective lots may be viewed by leave of the tenants, also by bards, to ho had of the auctioncer. Particulars and conditions may bo had atthe hlart; of 3Messnx Ricktharde and Son, solicitors, 2, Crown-court, Old Broad-street; of William Smythe, Esq., solicitor, 12. Sane-stWret, inDcoin's-ln; of Mes-rs. J. and C. ALen, solicitors 7. CarLsle-street, Soho; of Messrs Tooke, HaDowes, and Price, sollc,tors, 39, Bedford-rowv; of Thomas Hfatr Ie;vis, Esq. architect, 9..ohn-sireet, Adeiphi, ondon; and of Mr,Piggott, one tioneer. valuler. andestate agent. George-street, P.ichmond. Surrey. The valaable Free. Copy, and Leasehold F-states of the late VWm. HurreDl. FEE.. at Foxton, Cambs. M ESSRS. COOXETT and NASH have been favoured with instructions from the Devisees under his Will to SELL by AUCTION, on Friday, June 27, at the Red ILon Hotel, Petty Cury- Cambridge. at 1 o'clock:-Lot 1. The substautial FREEHOLD FXAIILY RESIDEXCE, known as Foxton-house, asnowin the occupation of the Pev. Profezsor Selwryn, with its requisite out. buildings. greenhouse, and omamentally planted grounds; three excellent malting ofices, with yards and tenements, as held by Muessrs. Taylor, containing sa. 2r. 18p. Lot . Tenements with pasture close, la. 2r. 21p. Lot 3. The Freehold Allotment of highly productive arable land. with extensive frontage next the Cambridge turnpite road and intersected by the railroad. 178a. Lot 4. Allotment of Arable LTand in Sheproth. 2r. Gp. Lot 5. Allotment planted with thriving timbers, la. Lot6. Welbore's Farmhouse and homestall, now the residence of IlIr. William Spark, witb its gardens, orchard, and firstrate pasture, ISa. 2r. Lo 7. Herod's Farm. extending from the viUage street to the Fontenire-road. with tenements, convenient farm, homestall, and an allotment of rich arable land, 1S5s. Or. 37p. Lots 8, 9, and 10. Tenements with gardens. Lot 11. The property comprised in the lease granted by the Dean and Chapter of Ely. exDiring 14th June, 1575, viz., the Reetorial Tithc Rentcharge of theParish, commuted at £531 lOs. per annum, and 20 acres of arable and pasture land. The estates are in the hands of highly responsible tenants, and the wvholo produces an annial rental of £1G,30. It is sittate midway betw een the capitet corn-markets of Boystode and Cambridge, in agood EspOrting neighbou h~o,id It has extensive frontage next the high road to London, amlis within five minni' vwalk of tbe railway station. These aud its prorimity c, the university, offer unusual advantages eithr,r as a residential or business investment. -articulars,awith plansofthe property,maybehad, on mnd after the 9th of Junc, at the Lion and Efois, Cambridge; the Guildhall Hotel, Lnndon: of .Messrs. Thumrnas and Nash, aolicitors, Royston; and of Menss. Co_el.et and Nlash, eSe ats ana7lsurrryore, at Itoyston and Xehitcla Grange-rovA, Boarmondsey.-Genulne Salvage Sale,, wiitbont the lht -estresere_y-To Builders, Cabiuetmakers Whot1wrightp. Firewoodi C trsad.br,T'he Stooko)f 'Ieass, .ldridgeandyousgman. timber mercthsnta.darnsged byfr. .PE AXE is ordered by the Proprietors to SELLj..I 1. in lots, al1 the ESTOCK damaged by the late disaistrous ~ire, ecompris_jng abouxt £3 fine qruality pine pinlak, 300 yellowr deal., £2.0 snuases of ,Prepared Sorin dffernt tbcxmoas, large quxutity of Eacantliag ss,felOes mno.Ansoad a freat -variety of othler useful- materIl m,adctlnguesvaib on the pre.7a tTmtsleift ~~~reee. Sothwr lIAR. PEAXE is directed -to SELL by -AUOTIO1~\" HIL at the 'LcIo Mart, on Thursday, June 19i, at 12. in lots, iii> order of the Exeeutors of My. John Booth, deceased, TWO LVASE.: HOLD ESTAXES, comprsn Ho. 2, 3, 4. end 5, Crois-street,- Et. - John'r. Southwsr ak. and Hy.351, 115 30, 57. an3,A Bllli[stre~t. Friar. street. Blackirlasx sroad, prodlucing agrees rental of 4l38~wr~ held for terms of years, tlor rents, May be viewed by rermiysjon et the tenants, and partielare- obtained of M e-ssr. SIce andl Robisrorn - solicitors, ]. Parish-street, St. John's, Southwark, end -at Mr. W1ake's anction offices, 414 Toeley-street. Southwark. Broumley 1st Kent, and Southwark.-Fresbtld and Leasehold E~sltatM produin £339 per annum. ! T/R. PEAKE is dfirected by the lloregarsee nrd £7.Mortgago- to SELLbY A1CTIOJ, a,.tttheMUart, on ~luredsy, June 19. at 12, in lota, a. LEASEHOLD ESTATE. comerising the wbole of Dorset-terraoe, Great Dover-road, Sauthsrsrkt; s2Eoa' Free-. hoaldeyroperty,situarte in thmlyhilBolent, andath. Partiulaof obaie o . athwxLMe.dara d Es.,soIctfr 33, tat6fr - inre' R ue,t inn., so Pia -E27, Ecisa-oaneredat the 31ees ea tIn,Chageehnrt;andL at Mr.Y publ'sofice A fCIor.a the disoal- of etaTes, , Taiole 1-rtreLt, desr-nley candmiethesituat in the cbount loalitent, and thet toroupehtabl wortytheatteiteonhofd anudLeraseehoitlistatEes,lfor tivestm reEt o 0 cunLPartion, prsdn with £410ditions ofsol. tane fB Gf:f F,sq.. soiio.eorgeSoreebyte or-get EL I0lkinr by pubichoa-AnCTION at, the Alfart, on Mgsart; Tigee He.at 12, as tlhuts,svea- REHL and t -r eklibiLEASEfoLr t e,dsiSTaT. of 5arA destatle chassler.stuaek inuthe aboelcltiski e t .cai teans mpd n amet, reellhold atnt Lf epair.ol Thistproerts i l worhyth atenio is norderiedcapitals e seo~rtgucagi,i andet orlicior,r7, tdolaae SEL the AUCTIoN, art; the erso Theaddinn June 191. at 12. to lots, various F-REEHOLD sand LEASEHOL;D ESTAnTES, situate On Znat Picturesque spot, Chise hrEt-commlon and! BrosLley, in Kent. also in Ken',steemt and other pate of the b0iough of Santhwack-, all let to good tenants, end leaseholds held a't low ground rents. PArticulars,with conditions of Bale. obtainedot It. B. Bieddome, Eao, solictor, 127, Xicholas-lana:. of B. Gude. jun., Esq., Solicitor, George-yard, Lombarst.strect : of W. M. Trollnre. E ro,sll. citor, 26, Parldiment-street, Westosustr;- of S. G. R=aw-js,.Esq., s0li. oiler, 15. Salisbury-street, Strand; and at Mr. Peaks's offices for thedisposal of bladed eststes. 41, Tooley-street, Soilthwserr Camda-toa--Valuble remses.fonnrlythe Board-zoom OX ±115a Comomissioner of Pavingfor the Camdesi Estate. lESSES. DENT alid SON hav6 received instrue.LV. Ptions from the Vestry of the Parish of St. Pancras, inl -whom the above prolierty has become rested under the MetropoDlitan Lonle] Ma-' nagenment Act.to offerfor SALE byAUJCTION, at Carasay's. THIH. DAY.flth.aifthosesusa lyrctdnl.aibeFETSSrii the epaciousYard andAppurtanances, situateNe, 10, on the north aldo, Of Psatt-street, to which there is a frontage of 32 feet 9 by a depth of 130 feet; held unuder the Marquis Camlde and Frebend OfCatoe for a term of which 71 years wilibe unexpired at Mdchaechnas, 11z6, at a. ground rent of £13 ler annum. F'arther, particulars and eonditions of sale, vith plara. to bhad on the premises; attlie place of sale ; a. the office of the Vestiy Clerk-, Vestry-hiall S_t. Pancras 056 road: a,nr of Measts. Dent and Son, survey,ors, 36. §onthampton-buildings, Chadcery-l-aae, aned 38. High-street, (Camden-teen. Valuable an d important. Fetates, St. Paucras', by Ord er of the oVes try of the parish of St. 2aarras, 1~rSR.DENT sand SON hlave reccivedl insttriiIV .tonatoo oer for SALJEbyAUCTION,at Garm un-s's.TrlIS DAY, the very valuable and extensive LEASEHiOLD PREMISES, situate 10. Edward-street. Hampstead-road, St. Panoras, heretofore the boa_rd room, office, stone y-ard. and premise-s of the Soauthasantot,i Paving COmoailesioners, now transferred to thes vestr-Y under the Mectropolis Local 2Management Aet, held under Lord Siouthampton for ., term of which 635years wfi be umexgir-edat Meichelmas next, at a grousd rc-nt Of £629 12&; alsO a Lessehld- Honse and PremliFes, No. 7, on the souii side 'if Chnarles-street east, originaly erected for thesald ComneiLqionu hets likewvise under the Southampton estLte bor a tern, of vhsucgTl Years will be unexpire)d aLt Michaelmlas, I636 at a ground rent of £1 Ifs. per annsun: the latter under-leased foe a tvrm o-f 21 a ears fran Mi1.dsummer. 1110, at £50 per anaurn, the under-lessee having solt-tntinily repaired and improved the property. Partlaulars and conditions of sale, with plans. to be hod on the premiSes; at thea place of sa!e; at the Vestry Clark's office, Old St. Pancrar, rhere lbs lea.-es may bovEeen; and of Mlessrs Dent and Son, surveyors 36 S'suthatuptenhcabuli±ga, Chlancery-lane, andlS, High-street, Caul3en-tsesn. - Mar)lebone, Stoke Newington, andl Liverpool-road Isliugtmn i1ESSRS. DENT and SON will SELL by'AUG. J.7TION, atGarraway'i, on'Wednesday, Juine 113, at lZ in lots, No. .32, Park--street. Dorset-square, let at £940 s-er annium, at apeppercorn, retsaoutntgbtoo£52 per annu,hor tusesptmed ters, t te n 1%TESSR.S. DENT a.nd SON 'will SELL by AU0- £7.TIMMN. a ttorryav's, on Wednesday, June IS at, 12, Si--, LEASEEIOLD HOUSES-Nor. Ito 6,estewtsieoAs-srd held by separate leases for about 69.years, at a, grouindl r.nt of £3 .acb. Also two Houses in Clarence-road, Kent ish-town, N'os, ISA a%d I I A, let t rets aountng o £8 perannu, ad held for a'siut 70 yearLs, pubb-hore,neaAlas-ste£,Reoichtewn ofJ,ts Fa3e, Saath- The valuable ond impbortant reeLhold ill suer of Newyingt,,n, ilacue sOtherwise Highisuy, in the parish of St. Masry, Istinglon, ini tLo couuty of Alldzlles~ex. 1~ESSRS. DENT and SON lla¶e received instrrue1?.tions to offer for SALE by AUCTI;NI, at Garraway's, on Wedlnesday, alto Jane niext. the above muost v-alaisbe aind improving MAIN 01R. heretofore parcel of the posressionis of the Crown. wvith lot the customary advantages arislag rom courts baron, e -urtsalvet, courts of survey, fines at th-e will of the lord, oni death or alien4tion, quiit rents, royvaltiem ond all rights, membersr, proLits, emoltuinents, a;nd nppurenanees thereto belonging. By a, urvey made by order of Henry Delugce of Wales (the eldest ran of ICing James I ) in 161!, the0 ana-a was foundto contain nearly 1, COD am-es, orwhich 113n.- 3r. Op. wvte reof-e hold, 407a, Or, 4p. demesne-lands. and 414a. 3r, lip, wAere copyold of inherit,ince, By the custom sit he ma.nor twoyears -inroved reot is Payable to) the lord on death or alienlation, The qlint rents Pay-able at Ibis time amount to £3 1Ss. 10d. Per aunlztm extending_ over very valuable property, estimated at uiwarsls of Xl,3810 tier annum, exclusive of tboes in abeyance, The emo,mnenteto be epeotel to arise from lands. and appurtenances, from which the quitrents and onstwttary Sinlesand Payments have been omitted lo be enforecld, or are in abeyancet, are ver' eossssderable: and tho w;hole formys an importautinventinosut ill every respect worthy the attentian of gent1lemen of the le-gal rofLe'sioix 'r th eaptalit, Prticlarsnd cnditons of sle with, %ann of file th renehl Tvmad the cbluse,Ca Boy aitt is-lai.Carlng-crthe te-un ~fR. W. RGLASIER. is favouiredwith ir,yts-uations fj1.from theEseecntrix of the slae Benary Bent Forts. ESq., to SELF by ACI'OIe. atGarwa's, n Teseay.Jiuno 17, :5t 12 for ! the e~pitalFEBEROI) PUB1O-HOU-'e,N, 39, St. Moe tin's-lan,e, Freehold House anid Shop, with. extensive Workshops and Yard, lit, ATfR W. R. GLASIEIt n-,el SELL by AUCTION,, ±YaGarwys on Tuesday. Juno 17, at 12 for I1, b2 slivection of thI xcuro the lte BHenry Benit Fern e. Esq., the very i"esirabla and sbstanisll-buli FREHOLD OUSEand E1W 1', iiith ostensiveworeho-s nd ard wih sde utmce,admir-st-13- r>ltlfl for and artiulas led ofMesrs. radyand sen oUts lIr?. 1, C~aple-in, Wes-iwood,'nea~ioolete,so-IEiseFreldTtt wt 1IPR. W. .R. GLASIER is fa vouired with instruietion IL from the Proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, wt,fsraa:s on Tuesday, June 17. at 12 ior 1. in ore lo tiilnness sic aceentatalo oziMT is previously made by Private Clontract), the valdalle FIIIUIfIOLI) ESTATE, situate in the parishes of d~reat andI Little lisrtacscy ,:Ia thi.oeaenty of Essex, known as Wesas-ood, four miles from Calclrater, from whenceat is within two hours'rido by ril of Lo.tdou. The sianrion is hi the Elizabethan style, andI has writihij the last 15 yecars been considerably enlarged, regardlesqs ofexne,idrth seiledonce of aneminent architect, It stanidswcnves-iently re:tro,lfromntl.o read, from vsiich it is approached by serpentine cera;x-ie driver, in its exmtensive lawnis, gardens, shrobberiez, asii( pleasure grauimis, most delighttuilly disposed, and surrounded by Li acres 01 rith park-like pas,ture Linuda, the privacy of whicls is increacet by the linaitaticlna partly baltlng themsme, It contains ltune anid wel-pr-opeoned receptionuroams, noble staircase,-ample -chamber aecomnnodisno 'rindlpal as well as secondary, andtrhoedomestic traeesns r se;lc out-buildings are substantil, and accord scith the Louse ir archbt-eotnral character;- there rare two four-stall stat-lea anct oo:eh-hnciLca. In addiion to the park- lands, there are also tspwiarsis of 41 a--res of goodI soud abl lad, it out ailff' cttae,andI the rccessiry farm116. r.22p Prtculrs atispln f te sito and -icu-s of the. Lehehoa-ing-mnfe-Stroassaa M .W. R. GLASIER is favotired with instrzictious --from the Administrators of tha late IV. D. Sainl, Es'i.. In SELTL by AUCTION, at Gmasnwy's, on 'IueoFdav, Juno 17, at 12 'or I, in one lot, the eligible LEASEaIOLIi PROPERTY. cc'aprilg tie vustetntial building- knosra as the St. Pinn Fr,,, (-hard,, i'tMUto in Burtonstreet, let to thte Rev, Thomas Dale, a smlall slop1 assnig espizal ceMrta;ed; also the convenicntr-e-idecne. No. 4, Crscst-ia' Burtoncrescent: producing a rental of £133 per aunnum. mA. hlvd b Iryalep- for long tcrms, Play be viewed by permission, and r-articular.s had of Messrs, WVord sad France, Eclictors. S. Falcol,-strest. Alerrgrle: oflMessrs. A-ehurst. Son. andlMorris. zolicilor_, C, Old ,Iearr; at (larmavay's;- and of the auctioneer, 4. Chazing-cro-.7i Freehold Ground Rents of X20 per annual, andI Plot of F,re-:,,s;d Buildini Land.-PlaliEtow, Ess-ex. IjN[R. N. R. GLAbIEIR will SELL by, AUCITIOWS at Garraway's, on Tuesday, Jur.e1.7. at 12 for 3, in three lu.- by iretio 0ftheMorgage, OURFREHOLD GROMiD, ICENS o £5peraunm enb, risng romfour Pieces of frnehslcd laudand ha udnihedcavcsesbcren, Ituot in SwnaCMmb-street Plaste. Esex clse o te Bricag-aydSttOn Or. the North WoolwichRailay.Also a Pot f Frchoi (ing Ground near Ito aboe, avig afrotag of10 eet bya deIt of (A feet. Mlay le vieed an prtculrshos o C22.Bokaly,Fa,, slritr,6,Southsquar. Gry's-in; a Garrway';ot he autioner. 4.C'hvi,e-qrr,. Haverstockr-hil.-No. 20, Provostroad, AdElaid-eroad.-Gcr.uine antl excellent Furniture, full-sized brilliant-tored GI Co-ttat7 Finnoforto by Broadwrood, toats, China, Mantel and Bracket CIccl,s, and Ornamental Items, elso the Collection of valua-le Paiisi. ,r. ALBXANDEPR is inmtr-leted to SELL by 13k AJUCTION on the Premises, as abosve Tonoas, June 12, at 12, by orderof the Proprietor, the FURN iTUPE, conmprising mabog.arn four-pest end As-Ahan bedsteads atd beddint-, wardruber, chctcs of drawers, marble-top washstands, carved-lck sieboard by Wiltinsoil. diningtables. chairs. velvet-pile and Dnrrat^ls carp-tt and ro-_c, polished lenders and dye-irons, draw in- room r,Jnutt-tres suite, eli-dinnier, occasional table, gilt chary'J, prie-Dlenu and mtar;uctcrie ditto s-lasses,the oak fur=n3ur for the hllD, chins-, glass, anid kithene ro: stitctes. On Friday and Satnrd ay.-Tlao valuable (kLoction ofPaintings. May be-viewed one daYprior. and theepaintins th-ode ' tVRsrli torthO sale.Catasloguneos obtainedat the niestlencec's oitcer, 1avoti:.j Haverstock-bill, 20, Provost-reod, Adeiniee-road.-Valn,beP.,tstin,s ilsiR. ALEXANDER bus been favoured -with in171 structionstoSSELL bYAUCTIO, oont1'eP-en.jes. ss aboue on Friday, Jurne 13. and fnlovsirtg 2ay, atl12 o'eisek. the OOLt.LECTION of valuable PA ;TITINGS, seserxa' wor'ks on £eas.,I bs the early Vecoti=a and other esteemed masters, vys: - Giovanni RMini Iantegna Breuglel D. Teoier Porde one Bionifazio F. Fletra Gainsbereugh Bissmito Guido P.13rill Constab:o Schiavone Ccrregglo Diuirt Ibbets-o Barsno Guareino al Wiithoca -. HiLiLs, &c, P. del Vaga Otto Vonius Greuve Brought by the prop)rietor from the various cities of the continent ;* a,^t twV choice sPecimlens of Guddo and one of D. Tenlera- May Lo viewed Tuesday and Wednesday. Catalogues, olstaiccd at 3ir. A1exaudtez' eoices, Havertock-hi, and Gray's-iLm-root. On view.-No. 7, Grafton-atreet. Berketey-reeuare-Crscr of Sale of tho Well-manufactured FPnmetire, tr l-ant Msfaltel Cincks, fine Fronzc:, Oil Paintings, Library of Books ifr-ayjin-tgBarmuch anid Ef`ect. 3R. ARBER will SELL by AUCTION (Of account of the expiration of the lcase). THIS DAY, Jutne 11th, atl2 precisely the F aP,XIT uRn of rivo atticz. t-0 let eate rooms, diniog room, valuable oil paintings, rrints, baroucb. ca:Ls3 and g'-aEs, aind Portion of the furniture cc tde sterv=ts' oftes. (On Tlthras,i June 12.-The Furniture of two attics, thrie test bed sonis2 mornuig room, library, tw<o drawing rooms. bouidoir, etal,gt French ciocre, bronzes, and candeiabra; ball. stairc.we. and ueacrvttic t ticaS. ns Friday, Junec 13.-The -valuable and wed-selected BLitrucy cf 3 i90 -volumes of Books: conmprisieg E?ncynior.eria Btritaunirut ltvbertson'W America, SCOtt'd Works, Voyages and Travlst, Swtruts W<ort.s, British reelisto, Britishl Poets. Belinabroke's WMorks.; l-ry ilel! Lfe of Join5055, &c. On -view two days pr:es-, rnd cat.- rs IC-sb eacht en th43 ,premises; and ate Me. Arbca'a ur vtion-edices, i, 3Ionrit strecot
