o _... :DEATHS. 7 theY Wiof Zfarbs 1§i6, ithe Brltifh-onsulat, Johann eoge gs s-I'atmind,-laq:., b1 iB 3 1st ^e' . O0ther-!talt. SiOaBan£, St. Helenas fhe residence of her son, George W. Mellis, EsqI., Ann, widow of the late John Meliss, Esq., of Hon, a LE . Service, aged 89. Oxt the 12th inst., at Edinburgh, Mathilde Elizabeth Foristriile, Rife of Joqbn Bald, Req., St, Mchaele ifauilet, LiverpooL On the 19th inst., at the residence of her nephew, Win. Anstee. BishV.Ltortford. Herts, in her 73d year, Harriet, vvdow of the late Wm. liscoe, Esq., of Holloway. Oil Wednesday, the 2Sd inst., aged S1, at Ozford, Catherine Xsther, 'wife of James Torry Hester, surgeon. On the 25th ias, at Red House. Anaesbury, Wilts, Ann, the reict of 15ncis Stephen Long, fEq.. in her 74th year. On the 26thl inst., at St Edtanssd'a. Thomas Debenhamn, Esq., late of Depiden. in the county of Snffolk, aged 65. OrSaturdayt, the 26th instS, in llill-street, Ber£eley-sq-aare, the lHon. ry- Cust, second aurviving daughter of the 5irst lord Brownlos, aged. 2. On the 25th inst. at Llsrard, in the parish of Wallasey, Frances Bowe Bgth, aged 87. sister of the laste aes. IDr. Byrth, rector of Walsey. On the 26th inst, at Norfolk Farm, Pyrford, Surrey, of consumption, Sarah Ann Boughton, eldest daughter of the late Robert Boughton Smith, Esq., of bSoor-end louse, Herts, and granddaughter of the late Capt. Boughton, of Boughton Hal Send, Surrey, aged 14 ye-ars. On the _7th inst.. at Philliorse-terrace, Kensington. aged 24. Frances Ada. the beloved wife of Heenry James Owen, and eldest daughter of the late WilMiam Dickenson Nethersole, ESq. On the 28'h inst., at the resideace of her son, the Grove, Hackney, Msm Gasnusan, aged S5. On the 25th inst., at Camberwell, Lucy, relict of Charles Philp Galabin, Req., in her S2I year. On the 2$thinst., aged22,ClariesaLouisa,eldestdaughter of Richard Wright, of Lurriga House, Slibbereen. J-P. for the county of Cork On. the 28th Inst., aged seven months, William James Reeres Mar. shall, only con of Hr. NY. S. Marhall, 20, Strand. On' the 28th inst., at Newport, ie of Wight, William Firebrace, REq. late 2taor HMM'e 58th Reet., aged 61. On the 28th lnst.. ati hin reeideace. Doevecot ouse, Knotty Asb, near Lyivepol, Iarcu Hil Bland, REsq., late of Gibraltar, aged 59. On the 29th Inst., at Twickenham, Alice Jane, daughter of Samuel Redgrave, Rzq. On the 29th inst., in Brwaswick-square, London, Msis Ann Jane Trnedle aged 75.
THE PROROGATION i- OF 'A.I.E- ,. ''i' :X 0 PABL IAMENT. X:-n I BOuSE OF LORDS, TUzSY, Jvjly 29. Their l,ordships met at 3.o'clock.- Lord VZsFO.N took the-oatha and hia seat. Judginentwas -deiversdn two crses of ap¢ieal fromlise decisions of she SFotch courts. THE[MAINE LIQUOPR LAW. L aRRIXGTON1 rose to ask a question of Her Iajesty's Goveritnel. unon- the subject of the Maine Liquor law, andwasaddreasingthe Elouse, ehe wasinterrupeed 'by the entraoe of the Royal Ctmimmssioners. THE PROROGATI1ON. The Commissioners-viz., thie Lord Chancellor, Lord *Harrowby, Lord Staeley of Alderley, Lord Willoughby D'Eresby, and Lord Honteagle-tooks their seats before t the throne at 2 o'clock, and the Commons were immediati-.y summoned. At the same time -dmission was givedi to ' peeresses and ladies, considerable numbers of whom antered the homse from the bar, and immediately occupiea the greater portion of the seats on both the Ministerial and Opposition sides of the House. Although the scene had not the splendour whicli, when Her Mlajesty is present, it deJ rives from Court costumes, jewels, and feithers, yet the' varied coloured drewes of the ladies furnished an element of beauty which is entirely wanting to the house wlen its benches are occupied by black-coated and hatted legis lators. Besides the Royal Commissioners there were present about a dozen peers, among whom were the Marquis of Lansdowne, lord Redesdale, Lord Harrington, Lord Wensleydale, and Lord Denman. M:r. Dallas, the American Minister, occupied a seat in one of the galleries. The Commons, having been summoned, appeared at the bar, headed by the Speaker, who was immediately followed by LordPalmerston and several other members of the Go vernment. The Royal assent waszthen, vwtl the formalities wvich are observedon all such occasions, given to the following bills.- Consolidated Fand (Appropriation) Bill, Charities Bill. Cambridge University BiD, Court of Chancery (Ireland) ReceiversBil, Coatham Marriages Vialidity Bill, Indem nil Bill, Episcopal and Capitular Estates Continuance BiU, Custois (No. 2) Bill, ail-ways Act (Ireland) 1851 Continuance Bill, Tuarnpike Acts Continuance (Ireland) Bil, Bankruptcy (Scotland) Bill, U,,lawful Oaths Bil, Commissioners of Supply (cotland) Bill, Intestatee Personal Estates Bill, Oxford College Estates Bill, Commons Enclo. sure (No. 2) Bill, Marriage Law (Scotland) Ahneading Bill, Income and Land Taxes Bill, Stamp Daties Bill, Racehorse Duty Bill, Coastgnard Service Bil, Corrupt Practices Prevention Bill, General Board of Health Continuance Bill, Militia Pay Bill, Cursitor Baroa of the Exchequer Bill, Lunatic Asylums Act Amendment Bill, Deeds (Scotland) Bil, Judicial Procedure, &c. (Scotland) Bill Court of Appeal in Chancery (Ireland) Bill, Mercantile Law Amendment Bill, Sheep, &c., Contagious Diseases Prevention Bill, Courts of (:ommon Law (Ireland) Bill, Nuisances Removal, &c. (Scotland) (No. 2) Bill, Formation, &c., of Parishes Bill, Smioke Nuisance Abatement (Metropolls) Act (1853) Ausendment Bil, Burisigrounds (Ireland) ill, LunaticAsylums (Superannuation)(Ireland) Bill,Joint' Stock Bmsks Bil, County Courts Acts Amendment Bill! Stoke Poges Hospital Bill, Evidence ia Foreign Suits Bill, Bishops of London and Durham Retirement Bill, Hay and Straw Trade Bill Metropolis Local Management Act Amendment (No. 2) Bill, Vice-President of Committee of Council on Education Bill, Reformatory and Industrial Schools Bil, Poor Law Ameindment (Scotland) Bill, Marriage and Registration Acts Amendment Bill, Criminal Justice Bill, Leasesand Sales of Settled Estates Bil, Hospitals (Dublin) Bill, Waveney Valley Railwvay Bil, West-end of London and Clapham and Norwood Junction Railway Bill, Severn Navigation Lnprovemeitt Commission Bill, Shrews. bury and Welchpool Railway Bill, Imprisoned Debtor>' Discharge Society Bill, Aberdeen and Scottish Junction Raslway Companies Amalgamation Bill, Dorset Central Railway Bill, Perth, Almond Valley, and Mothven Railway Bill, Oxford, Worcester, and WVolverhampton RailB. (Extension of time, &c.) Bill, Scottish Central Railway Perth Burgh and Harboar (No. 2) Bill, Thorntons and Croft's Estate Bill, Dallington Estate Bil, Bell's Estate Act (1856) Bil, Cairness Estate Bill, Brydges' Estate Bill, Talbot's Divorce Bill, and Davidson's Divorce BilL After the conclusion of tnis ceremony, The LORD CHANCELLOR, in a loud and distinct tone of voice, read the following speech:- " ilos 'ords and GentIemen, "We are commanded by Her biaesty to release you from fur.ther attendance in Parliament, and At the same time to express to you her warm acknowledgments for the zeal and assiduity with which you have applied yourselves to the discharge of your public dsties during the session. "When Her Majesty met you in Parliament at the opening of the session Her Majesty was engaged, in cooperation with her allies the Emperor of the French, the King of Sardinia, and the Sultan, in an arduous war, having for its object matters of high European im portance; and Her Majesty appealed to your loyalty and patriotism for the necessary means to carry on that war -with the energy and vigour essential to success. "You answered nobly the appeal then made to you; and Her Majesty was enabled to prepare, for the operations of the expected campaign, naval and military forces worthy of the power and reputation of this country. " Happily it became unnecessary to apply those forces to the purposes for which they had been destined. A treaty was concluded by which the objects for which the war had been undertaken were fully attained; and an honourable peace has saved Europe from the calamities of continued warfare. " Her Majesty trusts that the benefits resulting from that peace will be extensive and permanent; and that, while the friendships and aliances which were cemented by common exertions during the contest will gain strength by mutual interests in peace, those asperities which inherently belong to conflict will give place to the confidence and goodwill with which a faithful execution of engagements wil inspire those who have learnt to respect each other as antagonists. " Her Majesty commands us to thank you for your support in the hour of trial, and to express to you her fervent hope that the prosperity of her faithful people, which was not materially checked by the pressure of war, may continue, and be increased by the genial influence of peace. H Her Majesty is engaged in negotiations on the subject of questions in connexion wi.h the affairs of Central America and Her Majesty hopes that the differences which have arisen on those matters between Her Majesty's Government and that of the United States may be satisfactoril F adjusted. " We are commanded by Her Mlajesty to inform you that Her Majesty desires to avail herself of this occasion to express the pleasure which it afforded her to receive, during the war in which she has been engaged, numerous and honourable proofs of loyalty and public spirit from Her Majesty's Indian territories, and from those colonial possessions which constitute so valuable and important a part of the dominions of Her Majesty's Crown. "Her Mtajesty has given her cordial assent to the act for rendering more effectual the police in counties and boroughs in England and Wales. This act will materiaUy add to the securityofperson andproperty, and will thus afford in. creased encouragement to the exertions of honest industry. "H Her Majesty rejoices to think that the act for the improvement of the internal arrangements of the University of Cambridge will give fresh powers of usefulness to that ancient and renowned seat of learning. " The act for regulating joint-stock companies will afford additional facilities for the advantageous employment of capital, and will thus tend to promote the development of the resources of the country; while the acts passed relative to the mereantile laws of }:ngland and of Scutland Wil diminish the inconvenience which the difference of those laws occasion to Her Majesty's subjects engaged in trade. " Her Majesty has seen with satisfaction that you have given your attention to the arrangements connected with County Coiurts. It is Her Majesty's anxious wish that jus tice should be attainable by aU classes of her subjects, with as much speed and w7ith as little expense as may be consistent with the due investigation of the merits of causes to be tried. "H Her Majesty trusts that the act for placing the Coastguard under the direction of the Board of Addmiralty will afford the groundwork for arrangements for providing, in time of peace, means applicable to national defence on the occurrence of any future emergency. "C Gentden of the Housc of Comnwns, "We are commanded by Her Majesty to thank you for the readiness with which you have granted the supplies for the present year. - "My Lords and GentZemen. "Her Majesty commands us to congratulate you on the favourable state of the revenue, and upon the tnriving con- dition of all branches of the national industry; and she' acknowledges with gratitude the loyalty of her faithfu! subjects, and that spirit of order and that respect for tha law ivhiclh prevail in every part of her dominions. H"Her Majesty commands us to express her confidence that on your.return to your homes yon will promote, by your influence and example, in your several districts. that continued and progressive improvement which is the vital principle oa the wellbeing of nations; and Her. m cajeety fervently prays that the bles,ing of Aliighty G.od may attend your steps, snd pyrosper your doings for the welfare and>happines.of.her:people.! " TheRoyal Cornoission,for the prorogation of Priiment was read. yone of the clerks at the table, and, in virtue 'of .t,he-po.wers conferred by it.uponilme Commissioners, :-. ,TJse_,LOIiDCHAN.C13L LO:R then, in Her Xagesty's I pasn, declared Iarllamentpooregu.d to Tuesday, the e 7the of October.. .3 r . :<-n>> ,-.._ -. Thle C o miasi9n e bow othe S rend themuombers of Tie Houof Cor06immons, =a-the - aBng bee.-r. Iumed th ceremnony . or 'and -tbs he~ a aEz tfhie Lower eodUe mmediatelt aire4t4: their own 'mber. ,A- few sp'iaors- lighjer fof :- Shi6*itinO, buat tiieyio L=soon~isap ed, and thse Hon. aLord-wa leftF euwtire
HOUTSE. OF COMXONS, Tu-i JY2- The Houwsemet at alft-pat 1 o'dclc. * FEW MEMBEL ..- Mr. STruT took the oaths aind his eAt for the counnty o Dorset,.is trie room of .the Iight Hes. G. BaGsnAs. -deceased. . -. z ........ Apetition wias:presented by 3r. L BEYCn EY froc the .Dissenting body of ministers of lwina-mead, Brlstl, praying tortlhe revision of the HolyBible. IlordIRAY.NAII*inquired whether,as Sithlielaiojad not agaun he converted into a cattle-market, tnere would ba jany'objection to the imnmediat removal of al she pens ad barriers remaining there, so as to enable it to becoie a --plice of recreation for the inhabitants of thal. crowaded locality? The First Commissioner of Works not baing in his place no answer was returned to this question. LE ITRIMP MILITIA. tMT BRADY asked the. TUjder-Secretary for War why thestaffofthe Leitrim Militiawasnottobequartered in tbe county town in accordarne withthe rncommenidation of te lord-lieutnant of tie coilnity - eur. PEDL siid.that theaerentn respect-mg the st of' tie' Irish ailii,a ested with- the Irish Government' There had not been, any correspondence 'on lhe sibject with. the War Department. 31r.BRADY then addressed his question totheChi e Secretary for Ireland. ' ' Mr. HORSMAN said that, not having any notice of th quest.on ho was unable to answer it. Perhaps the hon. member would give notice of his intention asik the quesi tion on a future day. (Laugghter.) THE RAJAH OF .COBG. Mr. 3MURIOUGH moved for copies of certain papers relating to the Rajah of Coorg. Mr. V. SMITH said that, inasmuch as the documents in guestion referred to a suit stil pending between the Eas' India Company and the Rajah, i', would not serve the euds of justice to acemde to the motion. The motion was then negatived. PENSIOINTS OF CAROLINE CORT AND CATIIRflME SEY1MER. Er. ROEBUCK moved for a copy of the warrant in thi reign of George II., granting a pension of 251. per ann- m to Caroline Cort and Catherine SeTmer, with a statement of the dedauctions made therefrom, and of the authority by -which such deductions were made; and of the warrant granting the same pensions in the reigns of George IV. and Ordered. CRURCH RATES. Sir W. CLAY gave notice that early next session he should move to bring in a biU for the total abolition of chuxrch-rates, regard being had to existing rights and interests. ARMY WORKS CORPS. Sir J. SHELLEY said, that considerable dissatisfaction had been felt by the men of this corps because they did not receive a written or printed discharge on their return lo this conutry. This omission had, however, been repaired by a subsequent arrangem ent; and he now wished to ask the Under-Secretary for War whether the claim made by the men to pay'frm the date of their landing up to the receipt of their discharge would be taken into the early consideration of the Governmnent?9 Mr. PEEL said, he was informed that the great body of the men had been settled with on their arrival, and had returned to their homes perfectly satisfied. There couald b no doubt that their discharge dated from the period of their arrival in this country, and they woald therefore alb e paid up to that time. Sir J. SHELLEY observed, that in consequence of the men not receiving a Drinted discharge in the first instance, they had been unable to obtain employment-employers supposing this corps was under the same restrictions as were imposed upon the militia. Sir J. PAXTON had investigated almost every claim put forward by the men on the ground of their inability to obtain employment in consequence of their being without a written disonarge, when he found the allegations in no si ngle instance to be supported by fact. The terms uponmwhich they' had been engagoed wrere, that they were to have a free passage, and on their arrival in England to receive a gratuity. Thne original a,,reement had been in every case strictly adhered to. BRITISH CONSULS IN AMERICA. Mr. E. BERKELEY inquired whether the Government had resolved to re-appoint our consuls in America? LordPALNfERSTONrepliedthat no decision had been come to by the Government on this point, and no steps had been taken regarding it by his noble friend at the head of the Foreign -offica. CASE OF GENERAL BEATSON. Mr. ROEBUCE-I rise to put a question of which I gave notice on Saturday. The House will recollect that both the noble lord at the head of the Government and the hon. gentleman the Under-Secretary for War stated the other night that the inquiry into the conduct of General Beatson was still pending, and that the House ought therefore to abstain from expressing any oDinion on the subject. On the day after that statement was made, the 23d of July, a letter was written by the Government to General Beat'son, based upon documents whicha had been in the ossession of the War Department a fortnight before, and giving a full acquittal to that officer. I wish to ask the noble lord whether hoe wu aware of these documents when he addressed the House the other night? I suppose he only spoke the words that had been set down for him. That excuse cannot,, however, apply to the hon. gentleman (Mr. Peel), who must have had cognizanceof the documents when he made his statement to the House. Lord PALMERSTON.-Tho circumstance to which the hon. and learned gentleman alludes only shoNvs the bad results attending the internosition of hon. members, at the instigation of persons not in this house, upon matters which are still under the consideration of Government, and have not yet been made the sub,ect of action. I was quite awara that this question had been considered bv my noble friend at the head of the War Department; and I stated the other night, as distinctly as I could, that in a very few days a decision would be come to by the Government and a communication made to General Peatson. I did not think it proper then to inform either the hon. and learned member or the House what would be the decision on this matter at which the Government were likely to arrive. If any ineonvenience has arisen it is owing, therefore, to the impatient haste of the hon. and learned gentleman, acting on a suggestion of General Beatson, on a question that was pending elsewhere. Of course, until the decision had been definitively taken, and regularly communicated to the gallant officer concerned, it might have been liable to change in the event of certain circunistances being brought to the knowledge of my noble friend. Mr. PEEL would only add to the statement jnst made by his noble friend, that in answfering the speech of the hon. and gallant member for Portarlingion on a previous evening, he (MIr. Peel) said, in sabstauce, that alt.hough the correspondence had not been completed, yet the communications received by the Government did not support t.he charges made against General Beatson. Mr. ROEBUCK.-The hon. gentleman said that the inquiry was sti pending. Mr. PEEL.-I made use of no such an expression. Colonel DUNNE gave notice, that early next session he would call the attention of the House to the manner in which officers of the army were put upon their trial on the most serious charges, without receiving any previous notice of the accusations brought against them. This practice was one deeply affecting-the honour and the discipline of the army, and must touch the feelings of every soldier. Colonel FRENCH asked whether the Government would not now allow General Beatson to know the names of his accusers ? Lord PAL[ERSTON.-I do not know from whom General Shirley received the informatior which he communicated to General Vivian, and which the latter sent home to my noble friend; nor am I aware that my noble friend knows their names either. One officer whose name has been mentioned in counexion with this matter is Colonel O'Reilly-a man of perfect honour and the highest. integrity, who was distin"uished for his ardent desire to improve himself in his profession, ad -who with' that view served as a volunteer in the Sardiaian army', and also in the armies of other countries. -e afterwards went to Turkey, where he was appointed to the command of the Turldsh cavalry. An far as anything communicated by General Shirley originated with Colonel O{YReilly, I am confident, therefore, that the latter stated only what he beheved to be stTictly correct. Sir C. BURIRELL thought the proceedings instituted, against General Beatson, whose accuser was allowed to remain anonymous, were extremely harsh, and contrary to the spirit-of thelaw of England. Lord PALUEERSTON said,that while General Beatsonwas in England the parties from whomi the information came were at Shumla, and afterwards at Kertch. The inquiry ordered by his noble friend was merely a preliminary one, to see whether further steps were necessary. MIIITARY WARRANTS. Colonel LINDSAY said, it-would be a great convenienCe to the' officers of the army if milit-arywarrants-weronllowea to be sold; and he therefore wished to know whether the Government would take ito its consideration the expadiency of sanctioning such a measure? Mr. PEEL promised that the suggestion shouda be ta-en into consideration. Sl1MITE11LD.' *Viscount RAYNHAM adsed the Chancellor of the Exchequer whether, as Smithfieldcould not again be converted into a cattle-market, there was any objection to the ismsediate removal of aU ithe pens and barriers remaining there, so as to enable it to become a place of recreation for the inhabitants of that crowdedlocioty ? ' The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,thatno doubt Smithfield was inits pienet state very nsight-ly, and also somewhat inconvenient. Some difficulties, however, .existed as: to.-the oerslupofthesite; audit wasimpoe- ible,mndancr cimst-ances; toappropr2ate it ws,lsout an Act o f EParliament..lf the.raillngs .rere nowto ibe vie .nie-ed, 'flhere-would be a large bopen apce left, hwich at 'would he difficul,t to 3:eep'in proper order. * - * ', . . TUS1' ACECSATSNENAGE.'. . ,Colonel'IYUNE ated' 'wh'ether any, rep'ort haa been received b t;.he ,Governlment relative: to.th rees afray *ritli.theTipperazrMlilitia at Nenagh 7:?. - .- - -)fr,vPEEI-a nsrered in'the negative .-:,&>: , -- . TEIE 'CRIIEA INQUJIRY. t Colonel N~ORTE1 obFecryd hat thereort ecently Isa any nortce of the.very grow.iseg s- - kaiMe3- :tiiek - w : ' - k oT te ba esil of t be lisanot thad n oxtsetusio of marldngiwify *t en;. ash icrer tbe orRa n of thEXCHEf QoUe aobse-nelyzat wor d C. sifivel bledsent a wuse etc utite toiit atiit -h1-i ORed a-p .le othat le w eld tak anerbily opo.x=} sbeT dethe CrCFO oB of the HoEsIE. ob ed, tht Sir e. Trevelyanbad sent in a l9,ittee statemenPt to t1s beard of general odicers, but, inasmch as neither'hi3 con. :d ibeividua&Uy;- nor the conduct of the Treasr, -was refer'ed tothebonidtrationmof thit borCd,.SL Tieivl 'did notthinkitisdutyoappto*r- befdrethebosdto ive 'evidence. 'He (the Chaoellor of the Ecbhequer) had .ie= -i-communication with Sir ^ ' Teevelyan zonothe ub3 ct*of the Crimean inquir; and, -with reference to he tnotik *hich bad justb,een giveniby ite 'aor, and gallautrmember, ,2eA,thought itrzighto state that Sir, C Tre elyan -iipitei atogether the correcetness' of the conclusions at-wvhichthe Tboxa-d ld arrired so far- as the Tasury- were-concerned , , Sir D. NORREYS rose to puta question to the Secretazy -folrelind,' but before-lhe hd'&Ittered a sentence he was iw. terrupted by the.entrane of Sir A. Clifford, the GUtemean Usher of th¢e BlcIcleEd, 'who, on behalf of the I.ords, iathorized by corerision tb grant the Iloyazl assent 'to certain bi'ls, and to prorogae ,arliauent, ,regaired the sIouse immediateTIy to attiendte flouoe of Peers. The Sr }txEa, attended by the Sergeaut-at-Arn, ana acompanied by most of the members presenit, at once obeyen the summons. Atter an absence -of nerly h an hour the right hon. zentjcean returned, and having hklen his pl1ace at 'tbe cler3;'s -table red a copy of Bie9 rifajesty-'s speech. The Speaker then received the congra. tclatione of many of the members present on the termination of his arduous duties, and the session of 1S5G was brouoet to a ds
CO?lR2 OP ALDRRMPhT Yesterday a Court Was held for the despatch of Dublla business. COOSSERVXECY OF TaHE UEE TtA-ES. The Tow, CLER informed 'the Court that on the 21sl inst. ureas-ntments had been made at a Court of Conservancy of the navigation of the river being obstracted and impeded in consequence of the form of construction ot Battersea and Putney bridges, and of trunks of treesw placed by some person or persons unknown on the shore of the nver in the parish of WVandsworth. That the river was contracted and obstructed in consequence of the form of constructionof Batteresa and Putney bridges,as well as by& floating pier or landing place *t the battom of Essex-street, Strand, and at the 3Fox-iander-the-Hll, near theAdelphi_ That onthe 28th iinst. a presentmet adbeenmade of the banks attheentranc te River Lea being very much out of repair ; of an obstruction and impediment to the navigation of the same river by the construction of an iron railway bridge; of an obstruction at the entrance of Barking-creek, by the sinking of a barge; of the dilapidated state of the causeway on the Essex shore, at West Thurrock, opposite Greenhithe, ndtbhat much inconvenience was caused to thepublin by the calseway at Grays being much out of repair; that large quuAtities of rubbish, were cast into Deptfordcreek froml the premises of Frank Clark Hills; that act encroachment had been made in Deptford-creek byvlarge quantities of refuse being cast -from the premises of Johni Bennett Iawes and from the Phuanix Gas Works; that the bank of the river it Bls&kwall-point required shoring up; that an encroachment had been made at Kirk and Parry's wharf, at Woolwich, by a deposit of stores; of an encroachmer'. by the constraction do a pier and jetty at the Royal Arsenal, WVoolwich; of an encroachlment at the Sea W%itch publichouse, Greenwich, by Mr. BullocVs shipsways; of am encroachment by The constrnction of a pier and jet'y, at 13rith, wvith a erane and shears. Thesevious nreseutoents wrere referred to theGeneral Purposes CorDamftee to consider and report upon. TBZ GRSEAT MESROPOLITA" SCHEME OF DRAINAGE. The LoR;D MAYou-I wish to make a communication to the CourtL in connexion with the proceedings of the Cosurt of Conservancy which was yesterday held at Greenwich. Besides these presentments of the jury a deputation fromn the inhibitants of Erith waited on the Court, for the purpose of representing to them the great damage to propertyind probsole injury to health that might be occaioned FE the outfall of the s3wers of the metropolis shoulld remaun fixed, as now proposed or suggested, near the village of Erith. (Hear, bear.) I, of course, assured the denatatiosa that I would bring the subject nuder the notice of my brethren, with a viewv to their representations being forwarded to the Commissioner of Public Works for his consideration. The Court of Conservancy have no power whatever in any matter under the direction of Parliament, or overany officer whom Parliam-ent has appAinted t) supervise the Thames. I believe that aUl my brethren nre agreed with me in oDinion that it is worthy of consideration, w'aen we are embarking in a large scheme for the removal of the sewage from this great metropolis to a distance, that it should be taken to a part of the Tbhames where it is undersaood and agreed that no damago to either property or human life can arise-that is, below Graveseni, ax suggestedby the deputtation. That depatation handed in certain papers and reports of engineers and ether persons who might be called to give their opinion with regard to the project in a sanitarv point of view. T therefore saggest thaa one of my brethren should move that those several papers be handed to the Remembrancer, in order that they snaybe transmitted to Sir Benjamin Hall for hi. conideration. I have now fulfilled the promise which I mide tv tha dleputati¢nyesterday, ihst the sabject should be brought forward to-day, and I have also fulfilled the assatraurc that the Court wrill do whatever they can to give the representations made to them publicity, and to place them before the officer of the G3vernment whose dutiy It is to attend to sach matters. Alderman FINIs presented a m3emorial from the inhabitants of Erith, praying that the village micht not be mnade the outlet of the metropolitan system of sewerage, which was read by Mr. Woodthorpe, and which excited a, great deal of interest. Alderman FzsNis then moved that this memorial ancl two other documents, signed by Mr. F. S. Homifray and Mr. 1, B. Grantham, engincers, condemnatory of the Govexnamaent project for emptying the sewage of the metropolis iato the Thames at Erith, and saggesting that it should be carried farther down th e river before being discharged into it, be referred to the General Purposes Committee. Alderman LAWVRER\CE, in seconding the motion, said he was very glad that the subject of the outlet for the sewage of the metropolis had bsen bronght before the Court, as it was most essential -tbat so comprehensive a. scheme as that suggested by the Government should he fnuy considered before the vast outlay of money requisite to carry it into efect w.as entailel. (fear, hear.) Alderinan COPELANND said he quite approved the motion for referring the documents brought before the attention of the Court to a committee, bat could not help thinking that neither the citizens of London nor the inhabitants of the suburbs were at all aware o' the enormous cost that wouldl rendt from carrying the proposei scheme into execution. (Hear, hear.) The motion was put and carried unanimously, and at the suggestion of Aldermanl WIRE power was given to the General Purposes Committee to confer with the City Com- ssioners o)f Sewers (mtany of whom were present and seemed deeply interested) as to the most advisable courseto pursue in reference to tile subject. The Court adjoutrned._ _____
THE BALLOT. TO TEE ElTITOR OF THE TI-MES. Sir,-Simply with a view to guara myself from misconstruction, I request you to be kind enough to insert these few words in The Times of to-morrow. The letter of your American Special Correspondent, im TLe Tinus of to-day, has the following remark: - "A As a specimen of what can be done with the b.allot-box, the hIstory of the deposed Government is very edifying. Mr. Berkeie,v will not quote it in his next annual speech." Why not?? I did thi5 session at some length quote the failare of the ballot in America, wherever that institution did not command secrecy of voting, and I pointed out its success wherever secrecy waspreserved. I called to the attention of the House that in America the voting by sealed envelope was the object of deep solcitude to all who desired purity of election, whila the open voting paper offered every facility to those who hId an interest in tamperin with the franichise. I instanced the fact that the sealed ballot effectually protected the friendls of freedom, while the open ballot was urgently sought for by the abett4rs of .lavery. Ion11 hope that all hon. Members ill m3ake themselves acquaintea with the ballot in America, as I endeavour to be, and as the Editor of W7e Eimcs can be,if he please, through his able Speciallcorrespondent. I asn, Sir, yours obedientlv. ',' 14wiWv v Df,T-T.-n- House of Commons, July 29. - i --'
.Fon Ila ZO2DO- GAZETT-of Taeucay, Jtay 29. At tho Court at Osborno House, Ise of Wigh, tho 2Sth day of July, 18 56 2rwent,-The Mueea' Most Eellent3.rajestyin Council, This dai his RWim: ara Freeerick arlies, Duke oE Canbridge, n t of the MIost -Noble Order of the Garter, tas,by co(mm Ig of Her Majesty, in. tioduced into Prv Council by the Right Homn Sir. George Grey- -Eat., one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretan esof State Oin tbe absence of the Lord Pesident of the Council) and Eisoyalighnew took hisplace at the Board accordingly, At tho Count at3Osborne House, Isle of Wight, the 28th day of Tuy, 1856, Presemn-Th Queen's MostxcellentMajeatyinCoancil, It is this day ordered by Her Majesty in Council that the Piriament be prroioged from Tuesday, the 29th day of July inst., to Tuesday, the 7th day of Qctober nexi. At t'ae Court at 0sborne House, Isle of Wight, the 28th day of July, 185S f'rewent,-The Queen's Most ExcellentMajeatyin Council, Her Majesty in Council was this day pleased, upon a AoPresentatioi of the Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Council on Education, to appoinit the Rev. Robert Edgar flughes, lLA., Fellow and Tutor -of hlagdaren Colle,e, Cnbride, to be one of Her Majesty's A tant-luspetors ef Schoof CROWN-OFFICE, JuLy 28. MEMBER returned to serve in this present PAILIA.- )sIENT. County of Dorset. Hlenry Gerard Sturt, of Critchell. in the said county, iq.-, i the room of the Right Hoi. George Bankes, deceased. IMPORTATION OF SHEEP, &c. By an order in Council, dated Julv 28th inst., it is directed -that an orderin Council, dated Seiteniher 4, 1848, regulating the importation of cattle, &e., infected with contagious -diseases, shall be revoked, and that henceforth all sheep &. brought in-to this country which shall appear to be in2ected with any contagious or infectious disease shal be destroyed, nndallsheep, &c., imported in the same ship with themn together with a!l hay, straw, fodder, iko. shall be seized and de'ained by the officers of the Customs, and, if certified by any ~ctr-doary surgeon appointed tc inspect the same to be infected, shalo destroyed or restored to the owner, subject to conditions prescribed by the said comiissioners. COUNTY COURTS. By an order in Council, dated July 28th inst., it is directed that the jurisdiction of the Court of Pleas in the city of Worcester shall be excluded in all cases whereof the County Court in the said city hath cognizance in cases wherein the debt or damage sought to be recovered shall not exceed 201., and in all cases of ejecetment, wherein the annual rent shall mot exceed 50L. SUMMARY PROCED1URE ACT. Byan order in Council, dated July 28thinst., it is directed -that within one month of that date the provisions of the Eumnmary Procedure Act on Bills of Exchange, 1855, shall aspply to the Court of Pleas in the city of Worcester, and by another order in Council of the same date it is directed hat all the provisions of the Commnon Lawv Procedure A ct. 1852, and of the act of 1854, shall apply to the said Court, -except in causes whereof the County Court 'aolden in the asid city hath cognininuce. BURIAL OF THE DEAD. By orders in Council, dated July 28th inst., it is directed that the time for the discontinuance of burials in the .churchyards, &c., tlierein specified be postponed until the date t erein set out, and that in certain places therein mentioned burials be alowed under the regulations specifed in vaults, &ce. By an order in Council, dated July 28th inst., notice as iven that r^presentations have been made by one of Her 3Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State of applications for the discontinuance of burials in the places therein meao tinned, and that they will be taken in:tO consideration oa the 9th of September next. THE UNIVERSITY OF OXFORD. The commissioners under the 17th and 18th Victoria, o. S1. have framed an ordinance, in pursuance of the powers conferred upon them, for the conversion of four fellowships in Brazenose College, Oxford, into scholarships wvithin the iaid College, which ordinance has been subrmitted to Her Majesty in Council; and notice is given that it is lawfal for the bodies or persons mentioned in the .Sth section of that act within one month to petition Her Majesty in Council anainst the approbation of tho said ordinance or any part thereof. WAR DEPARTMENT, PALL-MALL, JuLy 29. th Leginsent Of Drasoeun GRalps.-Lient. -obert James Montr to be Capt., without purchaset vCoet Ellot, erose brYet rion as n co vert-ed into substantive rank, uder the Royal warrant of 7th Dragoon Bue-rds.-COenat dward R Lawrence. byruo the ,ith Light Drageotn.s to h Comrnet , without purchas ed SO the 10th Light Dragoons; Awitat.Sutrgnjohan Hcyi,apypon 5o. 6othama. from ie Staff, to be Assistant-surgeon, vice Llewelyn. promnoted es the Staff. -Ipt, Light Dragooos.-Edward D. Lwrene gent., to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Broke, penioted. Lath Lighit Dragoons.-I .out, Ralph Shelton Haond to be at., by Vurcaet . vice Lennox. who retire.; Coret Rort o tso e Siemt,. by purc-.hae, vice Hoo d; E1rasmus Gower, gout., to be Cornet, Ily purchase, vice RintoeuL Gth Foot.-Ensign. Richard Bolton to be lieut.. by purchase, vice Thoe whoretis; ofiegStening Allfrey, gent., tobeir bm 26th Foot-Ensign Thomas Scarlett to be Lieut.. without purchase, vice Mahon., deceased. 65;th Foot--Capsn Charles Fewton Biggs, from the SId Foot, to bs, -Capt., vice the Hon. Alfred Bury, who exchanges 35d Fot.Lieut. John Thomas Campbell to be Capt., by purcha$% vie Atkinson, who retires. Slst Foot.-Ensign P. K. FitzRoy, from the 54th Font, to be Ensign, withoutpurchaste. 2d Footr-Capt. the toan. Alfred Bu,ry from the 65th Foot, to be -Capt.. vice Biggs, who exchangeC. BRITISH GERMAN LEGION. Tue following officers to be permitted to resign their corn 2p Light tnfArtry.-Eesigv Victorn ulius; Leut. yPaulr eimer 3d vgtnantry.-Lieus. Wilelmas Strecher. UNATTACHED. GrevetnMajor Alexander Janes Hardy Elliot, oth DraVgoon Guards. -to have his brevet rank converted into substantive ranlk under the linyal Warranit of October 5. 1554. [Erratum in the o Gazette I of July 22:-g ~22(1Foot. paor Capt.ioH, d.aowden to be Instructor of Mesketry." July 25 Read Depot Batta ion,-Capt. Ih LG. Bowden, 22 Foet, to be Capt.- Intructor of Musketry, July UB." [Erratum in the "(Gasette" of July 25:-I Royal Engeers.-The eurrse of the Capt. appoineed to a Lieut.- -Colonelcy is-"HanIely, an(inot Hawley." ADMIRALTY, JuLy 29. Vice -Admiral of the Blue Peter John Douglas, has been ~appointed to receive a pension of 1501. a-year, as provided for in Her Majesty's Order in Council of the 21sth of June, 1851, vacant by the decease offAdmiral Henry Richard -Glvan, and the name of Vice-Admiral Peter JoIshnDouglas hiaubeoon removed to the Reserved Half-pay List acordinl G; and in consequence of this removal the folowing promotions, dated the 21st inst., have taken placei:- Rear-Admiral of the Red Robert Wauchopo to be Vice-Admiral of the Blue. Rear-Admilral of tho White the Hon. Henry J'ohn Rous to be RearAdmiral of the Red. Rear-Admiral of the Ric; George Wiliam Conway 0ourtenay to be Rear-Admiral of the White. Captain Johnr Mldgan Laws and Captain Sir Burton Macnamara, stn`e e dmirals on the Reserved List. tand Highb:t 3oBtthe Lord George Paulet. C.B., to be Rear-AdCaptain Joseph HaLrrison, on the Retired List, has also been promoted to be a Retired Rear-Admirl on the terms 1roposed in the London Gazette of the Ist of September, 4,without increase of pay. COMMISSION, Idoviht InfantBry JSigned by-the QUx.w. fat.Sct q fantryd teginoLt of King's Own Staffordshire Miltias_ Eyan Tch John Ricbhrdo agent, Je., to be Adit., vice Gardiner. resigned. This Gazet!tecCOtains a notice that the folRowing place has been -duly-re istered for the solemnization of xnarriages therein o - TlR. o1an Catholic Chapel, Weedon Beek, 6orthamiltonsbire. and R h PAZTN7RSFS DISSOLVIM. NV. an ylR. Hoayl fase, York-hire, worsted-sapinsemJ. Goddlaidand Co.. Mincing-lane. brokers.-. Cox and WVarden. Beamins. ter.,fDorsetahire. attorneya.--S. Saunders and M. Woodcock, Charlotte-plans. Upper Keunsington-pllce, Vauxhll,A wood-tmmuers.yT W'hite S:Sons, Stoneheoae.OlocestershiM wooUenclth-maanufcuer,s. - G. S. HaMll Mirfield, York;hire. blanket-roanulfdCtusram- T. Finn and F. tlssm Sotinghbam', scottoni deahlers-fhihrsdi.ofI. R6dkle any Croeodey. autinMrl. N Chelshire. saindal-stnreaesuea a a a Wsd . Fbaw.-. Jedord. mision andSon, tockrtoni.wole9s.,aleyTuers.- d ablet and A.r J C.bo T's aylor.hBristrleet hpcpitoa.ikb nedILHareo.MGoukwcarie-nthrSore Durhaim.t earthenware-mand e- raiurn.-of od. and TRisd.at rdo. Hcholam', Bsorthanelland,tobacc J. Coupar. Rce and JohntonbandgJe Owenof LiveNrpool,rtmrsr-der. J... .iShah,, S. Ala,,'s, straw lai dekeey-(ale uer-firstddi o a.&. any ~Esd.y. anTueldr. Nithhon' _Ncoios ainghall- treeet T. Radfry,ed.robsreetprovisio ndmercant-hestervo, 9, waneb Tusemaseodda iva M.of1d,ayTtey t r Nicholson%s, Haiisgalltssrreet aCo .Hrhcer, Gouttone-stimeer dihsre.Witecisapel d, andyal di fO. ny Tue onsda.a f. Baiehballo-Btre ghe lstut W.V.elil=hirapp Waviord,sHretfoBrdshi-o>re, furrimexear-firat div. of ~n~y tMr icoson's. 42 Nainghal-sonsreesn2al-re t. bperoer. Cuventry, btlder-ficst div. otl.h iy rdybfr tue bth of August antIite-tdhe 4th of October. at Mr. Whltmere',, Bir. J. afuscott rembrindge Herefordahira, engineer-firt div. 051Is. 3d auy Fridayjb-afore the Ith of Augstaud af ter the 4th of October, at M-t Whilnoiu's, u Birmingha. S. Barnes. Oldbury, Woreesterahire, draper-first div. of 2. Ild., any Thurda3ybeforethe th h of August ad alter the4th of October, at Dl r. Christie's. Birmngham. IR. Bardy, Kingston-upou-Hull.. merchant-first dUv. of 2g 6d.. on 'Th-r next, or r 5 slb eetueq t WVednesday, at I r. Carrick'es, William Dunca and Thomas Hamper, Tooley-street, Southwarle, hop merebants, to eunrender Aux. 11, at 2 o'clock, Sept. 10, at lz at the Bankrupts' Court: eolcitos. Messrs. Lawrance, Ptewa; and Boyer.OtdJew7ry-eh5m besi ; officialasi gee, Sr.`tausfeld. Charles ' argeriuon and Ernest Benjanmu Fort, Savage-garndon Tower-hill. wine merchants. Aug. 9, at 12 o'clock. Sept. 10, at balf-past 3t. at the rantrupta' Court: solicitor, Mlr. Robera, Barg. Yard-chambets. Biucker3bery; official aignee, Mr. Graham. FraneisDavT St. PaIb-street. Fewv orth-road. bvlder, Aug. 9 sud £ept. 1Q, at 1 o'o-r,k at the BaDkr Pte C)urt: solicitors, iessr,. .Tuckr. CGre7ie, ana Tiuckr, SwithJlns'oane; official aslguoes, BMr. Graham. Francis Bergdec, ArundeiL Sussex, saddler. Aug. 9 and Sept. 10, at at half-pa-d 12 o'clock, -rt the Bmruskrots' Court: solicitora tles A1len and icot, Quleen-street, Clheapside; ofldicial assignee, lr. Stauns. feld. Peter Allen,Huntsworth mows, North Dorset-square. horse dealer, Aug. 4 at 2 o'clock. Sept. 10, at IZ at the B3sk upt' ourt: soli- c t rs:. Eaek,la. Licklater and Hackirood Sio -lana; oflicial ass4nee, Sir. Slausfeld R'cbard Babtock French, Winrheslr, corn merhantut. Aug. 7, at. half-past 12 o'lnek, Sept. P. at 2, at the Bankrupts' Courb: sZiicitor, Messrs. Sole, Turner, aud Turner, Alteri4anbury;- l Mesam. lIler, Sonf, nad Bug*, HXorwhi k;,officia . yWbhilooreJohn George Belford.Uppe eetTPoomabury t"ro IaGcy Coods, -Au. S. at. o oclock, dept. 5, at 12. at the Banrupts' Co6rt~ solicltor,ir Sydiny Jewryteet,.Aldgale .offclalaige Mr. Whitmoro. 'aqniCboal-street. [ 8smuel-AdsmB,- Wa*e ee Tl,8 I@ok i R at the Baokrubta Court: sohctors, xeeR ArmtronDg and Philips, :uiIdXldIIchabiher4 Ba&nghalt-atreet; andL Mr.lGlaby, Warenofcial aEssgnee. MrzWlthlnop BEmingball-street,~ Johno.ekenhan- bricknDkeTA g.atloa'ocl.ept. 5ij at half-Past 1. at tb laukmu tlCotrt: soicitoms. Mesma WaitSo and Son, Moorgace-3treet- offlci.,t asa e, 3M. Whitmor, Basngball. street., 7 - : ; | r - , ' r , James W:lsbaorowr, Cos entry naberdasher A.ug. 9 and 30 t halfpa1t 11 O'clock, &a. the Birmingbaia Distict Court of- BsnkruDtc7: aolicltori4 Mr. MUnster, Coventry; and Mr. ieece, Birmingham; 6oficial aAealeo, Mr LWhiteoo; Birmoingha.m-: * Jobn Fisher, Wolverharnton, bolt manufacturer, Aug. I- Sept. I. at 10-Velcck. a t t.he Bijrmisigham District Court ot Baukr.uptc .solicitor Mer.Jc Pon a wethdo,wrch; oo iBcial assinne.Cistie. 7lr. BittUerton, Birn-ngham--- Daniel Genr We,ABromli,b, Stafg.e1 Sept. 9, Aug. 11, Seplo. 1 ate Bristocki att rDt Court of BankruptCoynrt ol'Bankrrptcy;iset licitor, 3Ir. JaciS7oD, WeatbromwTicb * offldha; sgee, 3r. CbxisUe, B}niDrai3D.-lm E Earrier Leonu,md, Brist1, baker, Aug. :, &ept. 9, at 1 c7loEdck, at the BRdstol-Dibtricti Carut of Bankruptcy: *7011dtor3, blr. NibleTtt Messrs Beran and Girling. Bristol ;-olicial ageignee, Mr. Miller, Bristol. * Edwinrl eke, Torquay. builder. Aug. . Sept. !4 at 1 o'clock, at the ExeterDistrict Court of Baunkuptcy:-soliciturs, Mr. Carter, Torquay, Mr. Stogdoe;p Exeter; official asse, Mr. EicrtzeL , eter. George Thoae, Liverpool, ebipbroker. Au. 13, Sept. 1, at 11 o@cocki st the Liverpool District Court. of Bankruptcy; ooicitors, b[egrg' Kink andGcorge. King-street,CheaDspde: Mesr. laigh and Thomp: ron. Lirerpool.:. officiil ai4neo, Mr. Cazenore, LiverpooL. Joepi Wright,.ifeatot N2orrisan&Caton, Laucashire, cotton spb. ner. . ug.S,: ept. 4 at 12 'clock,.at. the, Manchester Dis3trict COut of Bankruptcyv; solcitors, Messrss Aidkinon, Saunders, and Last, Mfal. chester; omliciil assignee, Mr. Pott, M.ancheter. * John Ktobinon Manchester. silk manufcturer, Aug. SeDpt. 4, at 12 o'clock, at theo Nlanches'.er Disr3ict Court of Bankruptcy: 'olicitors, Messrs. Sala, Worthiuglon, and Shirean, Manchester; official assirmee, hlr. Irasor. Mfainchester. WillisinIltoughten FLsher. StanDdish wiith Lanitree, and Presltonr, coal 2roprietor, Aug.22 and Sewt 201t. a cl.crk, attrie--ncep 1ter, and Last, oanehitert o-dicial assignee. Mr. Fdraer. Manchester. 12 'cloc,at,the IM anchstet r Disotit ct Coua t of Bankeuptcy:. solcitor, blr. J2JckTSOn, Manchester; official assigne, Mr. lSaser, -anuhester. DITIDEIqS5, Aims. 2S, G. W. Vmstere, Trowbrtdge; Wiltshire. cunrler.-Sept. 18, J. G. Goulatone, lhmgton,.1taduorrhixe, drugit QEBTIFI(ATES to be grantod,unnleer cause be ShOwn to ths con- tracy, On thme day of mneeting. Aug. 20. Jv Tregallam', St. Agnes, Cornwvall, drapcr.-Aug. ^' J. Stana.ougbt. Livervool, licensed victualler.--Aug. 19. W. B. Storey, Liverpool. draper.,-Auq. 19, J. Lamb,: Liverpool, drysatler.-Oct. 20, T. Jrdoan, Bloxwichb Staffordehir, baker.--Aug. 21, T.Bate, Bir. moingbam, bat-mnaufacturer. SCOTCH SEQU3ESTRATIONS. a WtV. Aithin, Glasgow, writer, Aug. 7, ata 'cldock, at the Crow HoteL Glasflgowt. J. Barclay, Gascgow, merchant, Aug. s,. at 12 o'clock, at the Globe Hlotel. Glasgow. J. Louis. Ghagow, mnachine-maker, Aug. 8, at 12 o'clock, at the Globe Hlotel, Glascgow.
TRADB REPORT. Ttuesday Evening SuGCkAR.-The puablic sales wero very numerous, amount. ing to 18,736 bags, 526 hhds., 29 tierces, and 78 barrels, of whch the following are thi particulars :-258 bhds. and 11 tierces Barbadoes, 126 hhds. and 18 tierces Jamaica, 110 hbds. crystidised Demerars, 32 hhda. and 78 barrels St. Croix, 1.2,379 baL s Maor tins, 873 bags dates, 1,633bags Benares, and 2,547 bags Siam. The fes altogether was fla.t, an1d nearly the whOle vzas taken in for want of buyers.I We quote the market 6d. per cwt. cheaper than last Friday 689 hhds. West India have been sold, including the suctior.s. There is more demand for MIolasses, and 600 pn cheons have been sold at stifler rntes. pn COrrxE.-The market opens with animation at full rates. The sales were large, comprising 479 casks, 473 barrels and bagsplataton,and300bag naiveCeylon, that were nearly allnrisposed of, the fbormSer taat Osto 63s. 6d. for small to lowv middhng coloury, and 64s. to 68s. for middling to good. The latter brought 51.s. for goodi ordinary. P.ICZ.-Aflvat there is more demand, and sales effected on Saturday and yesterday were at rather higher rates. Several transactions have taken place ; one of Arracau as high aq lls. On the spot tho mzrket is flat, and, with the exceTtion of about 200 bags good white Bengal, the whole of 4,769 bag, 800 pockets, anid 70 bags Madras were with. dIrawn. Ricx.-There is an active inquiry for floating parcels, and several large cargoes have been disposed of at higher rates since the clos of lat week. Arracan at 10s. 9d. sod Ilsx per cwt.; Moulmaiun at 1 s. and Madras at 10s. 3d. per cwt. On the spot the market is flat. Prices are, however, irregular, 150 tons old wliite Bengal, the greater part slightly heated, having been sold with a short prompt at 1%s. per cwt.; while :300 tons good have realized only 12s. per cat.; and a parcel withdrawn from auction for want of buyers atl2s , 129s. Gd. for goodi white Bengal, was subsequently disposed of at uls. 9d. per cet., showing a reduction on this sort of fully 6d. per cwt. Fine quality has realized 13s. l0.dd; 300 tons Bassein are reported at 9s. 6d. per cwt. The pnblie sales brought forward, consisting of 4,767 bags and 840 pockets, wvere mostly withdrawn. SxvTPx-rxE.-500 bags privately nt 32s. 9d. to 33s. per cwvt. for 4.j to 3. per cent, refraction..pe ply of fresh leather at Leadenha,U to-day. Cropere extremely scarce, and the market is cleared of all averages at advanced rates. An active inquiryprevailedforkipsandakins at a still further improvement, and light butts and offal realized Ad. per lb. advance on former quotations Common hides and shaved hides were in good demand at full prices; the same remiark will also a pIl to hors hsdes ; mark-et hides in fair supply without altration in value. TAsLLOW-The market has been firmer to-day; the price on the spot, 5sl. 3d. to 51s. 6d., and for the last three months' delivery, 50s.
STATE Or, TBADS. llEY CHESTE;R, JULY 29. An improvement has been perceptiblo in the market yesterday and to-day, and a considerable business has been done in some kinds of cloth at full, and in some instances at slightly improved prices. For this favourable change we are indebted partly to an improvement in the weather and irn harvest prospects, and partly to a growYing opinion that cotton will not be lower, and that the prices of maanufactured goods will be higher. Tne private telegraphic accounts to hand from India (which will probably be confirned by overland nnail advices by the time this reaches London) speak of rather higher prices having been obtained for shirtings at Calcutta, but with no great amount of business doing. These accounts also speak of a further extension of the insurrection in China, and have had a depressing effect on business so far as our export houses connected with ehina are concerned. The Greeks are rather more active, and some inqrries have been made for kinds of cloth in request for India. There has been more doing in yarns, especiaUy in 30's to 50's mule for India and in yarns for Gernany. For fine yarns rathe- higher prices are asked. The extra hard twist, suited to the iedsterranean trade, also continues in better demand. Messrs. John Slagg and Co. report of the cloth trade: - 'The improved feeling noticed in our last was maintained througnout the week, and a good steady business was done in nearly all kinds of cloth at the fnUl prices of Tuesday la st. Yesterday and to-day, owing, perhaps, to the more promising staste of the weather, the sLmprovement has been more marked, and a considerable business has been done at, in some instances, rather higher prices." LEEDS, JULY 29. T!he markets in both the cloth halls this morning were steady, and a nioderate amount of business was done. There is no alteration in prices, nor in the general prospect of the trade. The report of the cloth trade from Euddersfield is as follows:- "There is a manifest improvement in the tone of the market to-day, but business has been principally confined to the hal, the trade in the warehouse not being so extensive. NeW patterns are in good request at fair prices, but a reduction has to be made in old patterns."
TlE CORN TRADE. LVTORPOOL JuTv 09 wohe arrivals from Ireland and coetA-L"e since this day week have been light. From foreign ports we have received 23 008 quarters of wheat, 803 quarters of b-arlT, 901 quarters of beans, 3i0 quarters of peas, 2,004 quarters of Tndian corn, 1,100 sacks and 29 96 barreis of four ; besides from Canada, 2,56S quarters of wheat, ]&,§0 quarters of peas, and 6,150 basrels of flour. Tho exports in the samo time comprise 6,086 quarters of wlheat, .57 quarters of barley, 1,780 quarters of oats, 33T quarters of beans, 1.613 quLrters of pcas, 7,8s8 quarters of Indian corn, 102 loads of oatmeal, 2,14- sacks and 3,002 barrels of flour. Owing to the bad cordition and quality of the late arrivals, and the weakuersm shown by the London and c muntry markets, our trade here has become extremely dull, and, in the absence of busAne3s, prices of wheat and flour ave undergone a material decline. Indian corn hbs also receded an. per quarter, Fbut there bas been same inquiry at.'-he reduction. The weather has been unsettled, but minoe yesterday 'am apparently set in hne. At this day's market there was a fair attendance of the town and country trade, who, however, showed little dispostttoon to buy, although wheat was offered at a reduction of OiL, per TOib. on beet, and 6d. on midditng and inferior descriptions. Irhee flour ontinus verrs cawce, and cm only be quoted Is. to V. per barrel and sack lower, but there Is an overwhelming supply of common and inferior presming on the market at a declino of about 4s. per barreL Oats aLd oatmeal were in far request at late rates. Barley. beans, and peas were also fully a3 dear. Indian corn met with a slow sale, but, as there was littlo offer ing, the rates of Fnday were maintained, making the decline on the week about 6d. per quarter, white being w..th from 29s. Gd, to $Os. ed. for lNe- Orleans, toll& 6dL to32ls for prime northern, and yellowand aixed 2ts. 6d. to 30s. per quarter. LEEDS. JUvLy 29. The weather has been extremely fne, which at this period of the year hba its usual influence on the corn trade. and wheat mtust be quoted Is. per quarter lower than this day week. All other descriplions of grain in favour of the buyer. BRISTOL, JtILV29. The weather excee our last report has been Youj LLvonrmble for the growing crops, and, with - continuance of it, harvest work wil scon enlmhence. It has also bad its inuence on our market, which has gradually f.llen during the week ;-sy, wheet 2a. to 3s. ; oats. rd. to It. M'e quarter; and flour, Is. to 2s.per ieao and barrel. Barley, beans, audpeas uncha,nged. Lutter-rnarket dulland drooping.
!Z'HE 2-ATE -1(1 R A I D- Y I _ V< a I,-._ :,', is~n '' ': 9took, j -t " i-es o Harrogate and, Chwchb Fenton an*d tias York ,amiKeith, -North'-Eaatrn RailwayJ) max Baerayernm i '' "a * ^ - extemaivethan was reportedia tho aeecootS fibliabsL' !Ewo!perouwr kile-d;, evnW CtO &iSly,edad, and 10 'or,i2suffere sather. ;. less a,em,, injedas ;,, ~fo,-' loinjare oeia&f thie ,Iibd,dod, an iu l; da :, MWr. Godfrey Brans(e¶sosy asoee aX Brhn,~ landlord-of the ailw otel,Tdastr, and l- w ci ii betwee n that f,ow asid- te city osf YoHrk. s-_ Mlr. John Coupland, farm bailiff to Messm 6ri u Ohifford,cum.Bostn, mr Thorperob. S:EBrOUHY W0IhKDZD. MIr. Waterhoue, jUD., *er iith-TadchI, r-ie"r sOrious inte injlgurles, 1~in but ,faint he+s,of is reco'-. `Ver. &. Bn , wife of ,ithe above niened Godfrey &Baa-, ied mverely cdtand ooncu3o;nof the bra,in- . t . J =sep Simpoon, Spoffoith-park, near "WA & , - ` fih- ribs iVhtured. 7 - Mr omOthwaite, farmer, Couithore, near -Wthiibi -two ribs fractareg,L Mr. Jackson, tallow.chanler, Tadoaster-eg *racture ' .nd arm bruised. 3r. eptenatall, firmer, Thorpazeb-arm fractured Mr. Richardson, ru,mham h;-Ln fractured.I 0 ' Those lesse e'O$roulynjureda include Mr. T' Maam, f"b North Degton -M3r..w. immsgt,,, -of aIgmatp(leg sprainedi); Mr T oP"er. jun., of Nworth -Dei&it0d;, lwhio, with Mr. JohnlO uthwaite,And Mr. Bramim,, wax i the same carriae as those killed; Mr. NTicholson. oonxa-, ble, of Tadoaster, Mr. Thom Rdbinon, farmer, Wingatehillli Mr. Potter, faner, Bzewood; lr. Bill, farnie-, HaAewood s.nd his so;M.Bade,psmatr a. Lyz, bnick mlerchant, Tadoaster (cnmn nearly.cut off}; Mr1E Blaydee, aioctuBelimplensente,Tditer, 'r ; Eouseman, farmer, Tadosater. It appears that the passenger train, which, ii -will be rae membered, was asecial one, osL its rturn fromnagricultural show at MaketWe(ghtonoTadctr,Wetierb kc, was detained at tbeChurch Fenton sttion not osalyto~ dicage passengers, but-to vea-hornexdEtlmti was owVing to the trein's detention to leavethwishorsebo tst it hid not cleared the line before thie arriva of tie goods train from York. Mr. IL Pearson, of Selby, the coroner for the district has opered an inquest to inquire into the circm astnces o' the accident. The following witneases have already beenrL exLmined, but the inquest stands adjourned until this day {Wednesday):- George Jamieson sated that he was the engine-driver of the excursion train which left Market Weighton about 9.55 p.m. on Friday. There was a large number of pn, senges-400 or 50Q. The train was on its way to Wetherby. It arrived at Church Fenton abut 12-Doclk, as near as her cold telL They had to stop at the Church Fenton station to discharge passengers and to leave,a horsebox. They hai to shut the treinback and to cross on to the main ine, so s to leave the horseboi at Fenton sttion. They had got thehorebox detached before the accident hppened, and the passenger tr ain WAS reroaig the main line wherL the collision occurred. A luggage train from Yorc, vhich was on its proper line, ran into the passenger train, and came in contact with some of the carriages, but he did not know which, as he had to call. the station-master, and then start off to York imnnudiately for assistance. There were signal; at every station; andt whenever a traiu was shunting or StOppinlg at astation signals ouglt to be exhibited-a red ligt. hen he Was approaching the sttion the proper signal light for him was exhbited. That would not be a signal for the train approaching from York. Wten he came to the station, before the accident, be asked the man having care of the signals if the liFhtlwere put on at the York or north end of the station. He said they were not on, and he (witness) sent him to put them on. This was eight or ten mninutes before ther accident occurfed. Therewas nothing to beseenforhetarh. at that time appreaching from York. As soon as he told the signalman, he ran to the distnt signall haudles t- on the lights, but he could not see them The'' t signals werA 400 or 500Tards to the norLh of theI station. There was a signal at the station, and after the accident he saw it exhibited. The pasenger t train wa across the main line alittle longer tban it ought to have ibeen in consequence of' a gentleman saying there was a horsebox for ulleskelf in the train, and the guard consequently had to examine the carriaes. 'When he (witness) got to the place where the distant signal was it was turned on, but the lamp as not lighted, or it had gone out. If the signalman had turned on the distant signal when he sent him, and it had been lighted, the gaard nd driver of the goods train must have seen it, and there would havebeen sufficient time to stop the train before it reached thestation. He was not on the enzine when ths collision occorred, but near the horseboxes. The fireman had charge, of the engine then. By the Foreman of the Jury.-It ws not customary for him (witness) to leave the engine, but his only desire in this instance was to get offas quiclklyas possible. The signalman only could turn the signal, but he could not libght the lamp without getting up to it. It was his duty to light the lamp before it became dlarL The signal light had either burnt out or blown out. By Mr. 'Sntc, waho attended for the company.-The signalmnan, James Spiney, would not lnow that the passenr train had to shunt until it reached the station, ;nd when. they began to shunt ws the time wFhen heouvight to have put on the lights.e George Whincup, the guard of the luggage train, stated thatthe trainYleftork about 25 minutes past 2. It was composed of 50 carriages, some loaded and some empty. They did not stop at hurch eton. They weretnning at ;- the rate of 30 miles an hour that morning, which was abouat their usudl speed. They passed junctions at a speed of about 12 miles an hour. He was in theguard's van. They did not consider Church Fenton a junction. There was no light exhibited at the distant signal; it was quite out. The red part, or stop hoard, wa properly on That signal, being without a lght would not be sufficient to cause the driver to stop. The station sigual could 'e seen frorm lleskeif by mht. He saw only the white station light, or the "all right' sgnal, as he approached the station; and, even with the red day signal turned on, the engine-driver would take no notice of it, except that he would sound his. whistle, but would not slack-en his speed. When the collision occurredcthe shock was very great; it brokethe window and threw him to the bottom of the van. H ewas als t.hrown out of the van. Their train immediately stopoed, the resistance ras so great. Be did not approach the place where the deceased werelaid, as the fireman of thepassenger train told him the en sne might blow up. He shoutd alway expectthe distant zed signal to be lighted at night if a pa senger train were in the station. If it had been turned on. and lighted that night it -would have been the duty of tha driver of the luggage train tostp. Benjamin Long, the guarad of the passenger train, stated that the train arrived at Church Fenton about a-quarter past 12 o'clock on Saturday morning. They were about a- quarter of an hour in the shunting, and during that time some portion of the passenger train was across the main line. The carriage in wrhich the two men werez wrho wrere killed was broken to pieces. Three or four carriages-one of them a third the other a second class-were destroyed. He saw the decesed w;hen they werez found. One was laid on his back and the other on his face. Braim was alive, but could not speak Conpland was quite dead when he found hmm Carniages w,ere laid upon them. There were several others much hurt. Brim lived about an hour after he wastakenout. Twormedicalmen. Mr.ScottandMr. Lewisarrived just before his death. When the train arrived at; Church Fenton there vere not morethan 40 or5 Opassengers. He heard no complaint of the want of signal lights, noranyr explanation from the driver of the goods train as to wrhat; had caused them to run into the passenger train. The main line was clear during half the quarter of an hour that the pasesenger train wras shunting. Be could not say wrhether the engine of the goods train whitled before the collisron occurred. le did not see the goods trai until it ran intothe passenger train. By the Foreman-They were obliged to leave a portion of the train on the mainline wlhen they were shunting, but therevwere proper signals to be given. Hes expeceidthe signals were on, and that all was smfe. If they had not seen the signalman, they wouldcertainlyhavernto thesignals,. or seen they wrere on. By fr. Gutch.-They wero three or four minutes looking, for the horsebox, and the bivan -was upon the main line X portion of that time. Stephen Wallace, engine-driver of the goods train. itttee thattlelightin the distant signal was out -whenthegoods train passed. The signal to stp wvas not turned on - that ho observed. When not turned on the red si,,al was turned to the west. He was sure it was so when they passed. The train cameo into Church Fenton station at a speed of 30 miles an hour. From Ulleskelf to Churcb Fenton he saw the Fenton white light all the way. The onlvything he could see to cause him to shut off the steam ws the sight of the goods waggonsa short distance before him.- Before the engine fell over he ws thro vn off~ Be saw Couplauad lyixg dead among the fragments of the 'carriagee4 If he had seen. thedangersignal on at the distant signals he would have stopped the goods train efoe it entered Church Fenton station. By the Foreman.-There was no light at the distant signal indicating danger. If the man had been at the, signal handio the signal might havre- been put on after 7 e passed and before the gurd- of thei- train passed. The nightwas, not,light; they ould rnotasee an obstrctionmorethan5 yar~ds from them. By a Jaror.-It would have required 300 or 400 yards for him to stop the train, running sith. such load ana at sue a speed.a The night watehman told him that the danger signal was on before it, camb up to the station, but it was not. It was nota very conimon circumstance for . a danger signal to be blown out. Tha night was not windy. "OT&ER CDENT. On Saturday eveningan-acidenthappened athe hu,-h -f Fenton station to one of-the fervauof-the-Norlh-Bastent Cournany who collected tbe tisketefromn theps-ensers of *.,-I stepp ted down had c lected .the tickcets Aio utibuslysteowIle.tho-train~was-inFmtiom and his foot -was caug ht by3 wheel anid ~i~adfllv crush5ed. He was removed to the C6uityWoejaita at 'York.wh&iIlt?iwaa fou^nd necessary to amputate tie foire part of his foot. ~[Advertiseinent.3-The "DY>euieei,"athe"oaatl.. of Otranltot; -by- lcraoe Wi;lpbe. oit odfer. Newand ebikp edition,Dri#e Ia. ,6d. p6At Ies.laR "A'fa alrsd biei*tu'e OtU doemeticlfe and maDnts duringtbe.ieWdal times a Perfect a t' - thatsecretandretedfaelingeof iore ferthearVioVIi r natural whichocupeaahlhddenewmes in almest *sy. Oee." i=:- price 1is dogtfreeIS. 8d., `5M5ried. 3aot.'Hed,al, *'Ah Oeiobr.' anther oL " CIovernool;," a .-A.wel-toid aeddever xtoj -itn , audwrelt combinedi; the cendunIs gran aimijf i tixi .± 'Z& Z ai b tke 25lestae,'my J. arne -sice Ss.,,loix :l.5d Amestaaeiing. aud rntertai Aug yralcantale.- "'Codene, ezIiaily;" siadad - 6te-~' ;siee Xf dtb2a5d;- idercdee al114ndiec of1h5X55y 1 best novels ever' yet owritten., Lord iTone, avd otherr5resi writers . 1havss'eed the -highe -.e uom oin es e taieuS.'thebdnllaicc, tbaL: :uder usceeto neC'rx " 9d aa.- astdak lU.~tla.t*|
To tkq SHAREHIOLDMt of thea GREA A5XESFTER2O R.&IWAY Gedletan (l-mlen '%7 QU , Boa- R birectors haiving refused. me tbh JLiE~conof theRlegirterDf.tbeHsoderuef CDzonrodated8Sioew. vulimiy 1 bu reer hanIrave recurre to * legal. tribunal for re-, epe al. wlUapparmer pdea toapealInthe nAima cto' your cencerns. As'we sre all inEdebted to tlh exerticog of the Beform Assoelatioia for the zeductionof the stamp duty on Proxies from2a. 6d; to Cd. echb Imay venttue to bey the faveotrof the rhareholdecasrho, ray not he. able to attenad at the next balf-year ly meeting of tlho Compasny next month lo favour me with their prexiesapoin lucIa sccaaioufor thez.r oxercife. -- I ha-ve the honou: totbe your obedient, cerrnt Ml. HI. COURtT. Ca-;tlsm&a,'s near SAidenbead. July 28. 181. rl)HIRTY SHILL-INGS .RE W.ARD.-LOST,-oI t_he F,. 9,8th inst.. between Great Marylebene-rtrcet sau New Oxford. etreet.1ltUltCl of GOLD TRiE.gMrs. viz.:-Tliree locketa, with, hair. one watch key. and two engraved feats. Whoever will bring the same to Mr. Becat. jeweller. W-impole-srceetk shal receive the above $ OQIETY for the E,VAiNGEElIZ ATION o of P 'OREIGNEIIS in LOIfDOX.-Ofllcea. 7. Eiewmass.str,ee,. .Te DISTRI.BOTION of P'RIZE.S to the CHILDREN of the FP.E ToREIGN SCHOOLS established by the above Society wil take rtace THSEVEN-ING, at 6 oeclock. All the friends of this interesting work re affect innately in-ited to be present. aeeie the ay Cm eealtprto the b tt fterafar n o Penerasprpss Tihela-lRe.pornwdlbonbihd. yMan.Ltin This mone'requrATIfor o the onIrTYo of TOes RaeinfoNtO c (I ts caity,al of Western othr genera Cmponeeda) rps. biteo Ahcits of Theorlimntoion of the Pmosinc thfiCanada, the ofr Vcotoia. nhkptel. andiit r10rute ofe vietria chapte 219 icresnf.nTedyproapert the dCommon Convatiofi the salud cityfo thig'mroment at ul pased-o thdes thi M'.W 1118ecale with thabe felof the mutofoiticdebtand siged byolte aoexy or h andyCa subjela ct to bASEte aesUed fof bi p£o9.fn sTerlingo thiesy.I droebetur cnof be1I toa £1,00900 ech tearinig itr atr the ratmen1 6 per cent.ryet and opoide, payble oneptaprile and lto Otobe in=5 eahea. Th.au&e capItal tobe rvepadi lyer for. in smeteln moef Te nun interest, Ldafrhrsm half-uearlyo, andho the apialc whe, doe Thaloraend tof arefunrd for the costucdtion throf.a slndsI rn o! he cit,pauwllastfor otthert, hc geeal imdovelenwtbs. heJtd Them cits nof Tcoren i5C one ofth meant threvinabon to aestuer coti-tB net,oNrhr and itGeoreaWeztr alas are nverycolarge and iresrgThpropert nntowaned by hsdt,v the Coprtori audatd Thireant at £fu3l0y bope-ed ropeiDg pnearlyf the cit misbect of bewa assesdfr theonr,is pcroase.o wthe vern cify anhwichr eryeI be tLu caewthan a fewOseusOstehng. suer ibe parymene ofbinterest andtorvdfr the iratyafnnentr of thei to £6isa4 4s iu aebntasses oen isOO Enade ever yer S.. _ for the pymen of iteret, ad a urihrsun, eqivalnt t 1-ndt of Sthentoniat this als rasedtofrnia fnd or he iqudaton athereof. atth The opultionof te ciy. ich as oubld itin h astio cix -h oter nretWser n RailwayssTH are now comletein andrim ninLtet ardafgomenths cirtb,wenl~veko the rad Tunkis ulyTo-mpleted, opvening oph nearyJu00 ileyo3rila overGIA the cu'GntryTin coaneia witho thin rz adWhith wlbethe cawrewithine a ofew ears, thedo Madaime forathes daebentures,tat Theretoyo £100upe cet Theysdill beuiuased in debeturesy Avof £ t 920 1. Or £1,000gh oah,de for wichmn offices. 22, Royalext,Eugcha2rgeA the Chamberlain of TorontroMonda No. 22, Royal Exchange, July.2 18clck56.o M the arrangementlieis forthedy eautwleed RofMD.omn Madame. Piccoroill. Snturiday nx, AugustZ La T-rarlwata Vidta, Mdile PicucoloniMalaeRitr. Wicocldthih the nependbletotO ritco.modyrn August 7. ando Sarturdayi. Aidglsid.eO erachm nighton ldie. ugcpolo telte t ight of ther pertaonceatusrsasonex,Auut .L hain EcMlam eaount ofJl th commeneo iadi7e wisthforth tiertormnes ande requested tomdelivertheiracutsaontitordbeCoeonda net, August . and tos aELyo FtheSilird,AyW folloing ath2ocecr new Spanihmaent. atieo E ATVE,o,ANgti h wit hepsfora,sen whSei's tragredy,owntedROSnh aruNoa. ee itemnde, aranesca PsnreRsni To coald 'With the eie nvfaced tieyh as,tdnigtofheir perorance thspearn. ofT~HETRIG T OYS , HA MAKE -HI andVEMissTlbt WeOldinesag 'ocmecea with (f ourt time)a ebatbyPe7 THE newANdgeIySEuRJEANful chnwomedy,ontrefc, eontild SECOnd LOhe, waith D.news senery by i9 wslctc, Tormrishuidy, andudnr.Ca rnctersah, Mr. Hughksie Mr. Hoews- i.Cmpo.Ss enls Rlssoylr and dure,g te. Vtweek iai. Af ter whic,thne SPlanis ballHEt paNTRe eo THE. CPTeVeded ob . Ah Nightinth acthentiatlin whBich HTHe CeL&wnedjans acr, ee of TEE ItIGHTSAmD cRNSoFe WOa AN: Syr. Barltney and ls Taboc onclding ith firs taune a nwblletb ee the Spnish Dneecsese s ven Ou with an-do Goourda,an on sidy. r. ughsoa Home.e euefa II) OYAL PRINCESS' TH P EATR. TI JA EVENING nd during teD1 r wee wiibelpeetdSanrae act, entitled MeSICeyATHndIJAwMS TPHEATRE R OYAR GAI)LPHL:obyegene 0 Tihme opla AMooerican comedins Sir. and?s, Baw e Wilias,thaOigial rs- o and dankee Gal Irih wilapa evr vn.Gral; ucces BofOrGladern to Go od Luck. Thebrlesu TragedyofiedeaTWednesdy andccessyfulr Wright ever TniA.T HUS EVEING. TRGENT, PRVAT berpatedAevrS. Deveting druringthte engagementsf Mr.TP. BStfart. Sally23 VOHNs. liSTREiT. ADele HI. W Ath IEDA;r S AJUA Libl Un heLQy f, Stalchis. Suedoes. 2r.. Wrigt; CroiSs. J ln;Gaue I.P Aef-DLE.Orpheus,StIi. - roelsy;adsor ne n. -i Lydam. The erNainghptec of OURGILC byd MYTRY. Oane Wilams. whein wil nroducer theesongs oenfit Grabbnd Dxomntic ANdgt) OrNoesr cervice LUCO. HaTim tonre~au, Mr. Eburney WillamF.wh4orwill sing ThPeFamiong O'lranDlganart and J Hdancetan Iris Hi. To-lmor ro.J PonuloPry; Ours Gat an Born M t tephed ns,cc. ikey KOfaura thATHe IefomNc wIGH-commeneat. 7 willobekrepeateder eveningvedinngs athenagempa nt ofM..Stat ih 3 O QAi)LR'a-WTEATLS. -WPofessor AnIDERSo6N. r. Tire igtso MAGIC and MiYSTERY . On Saturday, uus(,beingbsfia Profess o rAnderon.sBni.aGadDaai ih) rfso Andeson ill ppea as illim (i BlckEyd osn, and asviRob cBoey. mthe folwnd aristes havge als kindiyr vofefet,eernd theiLr serice :-Mrt. Hamucilon ofrirh gam, histr.icaleuwtr.iF. spertac.lMr MontiomeryP. MiniT SI.. oleBtl Edwi,Bosworteh Feld,and SMr.ndcaey. S UREY TEMBYATRE-Trofes TH ATRERSNi farewell inrad Exrandau.t AST OY' A~LEALk OFPTERALA, L nd EUB t nixnigts.Proucton f aEwxgran hstoricx" equestrian spectale ROAPRIMNCESTSS THTEATRE. Mdldrth lfaae.nn icoofMrn.ChreKan TE-mrro EVENING(Trsa,Jl3) will be presne i wfre x nted aoul enitclodniii; RTunsHSgo CEainolari Afergeaico Suakpeareas Signo Bofeti ToE conClude wihThLE nwgadble,L SI Sledrs, ladae Roati;Conrd. SgnorRouani.e Apelcatios,o ROYA-L TLYNIA OPERA.TYCUM To-mUTOrro Evening A WThrsan,Jl Em11,a Ee. Nigt onuwhich TOR1'e. Heororat andam B1soui And icens. SroIdt. Didme;y :hn Jwnando -. Sinrta Giscorp; Orpein.Sign ernanoldi;eUna,ingro. Sino mence1 at me 8. 1 Jst7 THATRE- ROYAL HAMHIEATRET. nder th3 anManagemeto Mr.W BCetook, THS EVENING, SHECN LOVE:1 'OF. BuiTHEns, Snirghtly isitr.b Cmthn. Misrs teyolds.e thissr~ Ofiver.th band tle.oe againw)a. Perte Nessan the quspranis Doenere to THree rWCAPTIVES.Withd THER &CG.T AitD WthrOENGSeOr WOAN.Tooncudewit ROYA PORINESSP HETE Und- ~aers the SfanaeSnnto of ser.vhres thatnl. pi OfThIeETiG will epreducted thed. anew tharce 5in at enttle _MUS -C HAT CHAll - _ . Afe hih &aer' pla hffied, Uner he mened,reglatonsof the Postoffce (o. 0) Vie ime istransmtissible by pst t Briish olones ad fo eig ountries NTo notice can be taketL of anonYIDo1s co-unnicatiorna. Whatever is intended for insertion must be autherticatedI by the name and. addxeas of the wrtr ot necessry for publication, but as a guaratee of his g&,d faith. We cannot ulldertaLce to rotuxr rejected ,o,,nanicatlOns. arTewsUealesofTrE Tracr commenced at 5 cokytra MMUiZZ.-dfinbhd at 151nte.ast 9.
ZOQYDQ.Y. WEDNESDAY, JzLY 30 186. _---- 1O We have now arrived at the last review of the session, not that of Mir. DTISALI nor our own, but that which Miniiters themselves have made in the name of their gracious Mistress. It is the aclmowledged distinction which separates official from non-official documents, that while the merit of the latter consists principally in their truth, the former are praised for iheir carefull suppression and dexterous mani- pulation of unmanageable, topics. We have nct scrupled to:point out that the House has beenfor the last three months in holyday rmood,, ad has hurried over, put 'off, and rejected valuable measures only from an intense desire to emancipate itself from the tumoils and h'eat -of the session. The Quans 3must be more courtly- in her phrase, and therefore no one is swarised fo find our holyday-making Parliament gravely congratulated and warmly thanked for the zeal. and assiduity 'with which they have applied themselves to their public duty during the present session. It is with no feigned or unreal exultation, however, that the Queen of EsGLAKD remnuds her Parliament of the enormous resources which they had accumulated for the opening of the coming campaign, and congratulates them on the happy turn of events which has rendered the employment of +hose tremendous means of offence unnecessary. We have made peace at a time when a certain degree of exhaustion was perceptible in all the belligerent Powers except ourselves. We alone seemed to have drasnm nothing but strength from the conflict-ah ipso ducere opes anirna1rnqtue ferro, and to put forth our, force just at the rnoment when othei-s -were exhausted by premature and ill-sustained efforts. We do not doubt that such an attitude has done more to raise and support our fame in the eyes of Europe than any amount of early victory. To be armed for immediate action, to be able to overrun a province or storm a capital before the enemy is armed in his defence, is the pride and effort of the great military empires of the Continent, and to this single object they sacrifice their industry, their commerce, their finances, their libertr. In this we cannot profess to compete with them. We can do more to be prepared for sudden events than we have hithe.to done, but our institutions, our habits, and our convictions forbid us to do more. I-et war, howevver, once be declared, and our allies and enemies know alike that they have to do -with a Power the resources of. which no struggle, however arduous, can exhaust; the courage of which no reverses can subdue; and the courage and resources of which will only rise the higher and be developed the more decidedly the longer the conflict is protracted and the vaster the efforts it requires. On the attitude of the Parliament and the nation, and of the immense advantage realized by the conclusion of an honourable. peace, it is d;fficult to say too much. We have not forgotten past misfortunes and failures, but we are grateful for returning prosperity, and confident that those failures arise from circumstances that may, if we wvill, be entirely obviated. The notice of the negotiations with regard to Central America is cold and brief, as befits a subject of delicacy and difficulty wlhich might easily be aggravated by any unadvised word: but we hope that at the opening of the next session the QuE will be able to address her Parliament in very different terms with regard to the relations of this country to the United States of America. Bv a natural transition, the speech passes from that great nation which was once a colony of Great Britain to the demonstrations of enthusiastic loyalty and good-will which have poured in upon the parent State from every dependency of the Cnowx. While the nation of which we have so miany reasons to be proud, and which in its heart has no desire to conceal its connexion with this free land, was for some iteason which nobody has satisfactorily explained, or ever will satisfactorily explain, putting up its prayers for the success of Russia, our colonies of the East anl of the West, of the Northern and the Southern hemisphere, vied woith each other in the munificence with which they provided for the wounded and the relatives of the fallen, and in offers of asaistauce, not the less dearly prized because they were ior the moment respectfully and gratefully declined. History can record no nobler spectacle, and England cannot hope to find in her future annals a more gratifying episode, than the genuine and spontaneous devotion of these remote communities to the nation that sent themi forth, and has at length learnt to give to her hardy descendants the same meed of liberty that she has invariably asserted for herself. The triunphs of the session seem to end here, and briefly, and without any attempt at exaggerated eulogy, the Speech disposes of the business despatched since the meeting of Parliament. Due credit is given to the Police Bill of Sir GEORGE GREY, to the Joint-stock Companies Bill, to the Act for the Assimilation of the Mercantile Law of England and Scotland, to the Reform of the university of Cambridge, and to the reorganization of the Coastguard, so as to form a machinery for national defence. With regard to the County Courts, we learn that it is HERA TLESTY'S anxious wish that justice should be attainable by all classes of HBR M'LAJESTY's subjects with as much speed and as little expense as may be consistent with the investigation of the merits of causes to be tried. These are fie words, and lay do-n a noble principle, but one which the framers of the County Courts Act have been very careful not to comply with. The principle that justice ought to be as speedy and cheap as possible is broadly admitted; but who is to be the judge ? In vWhich Court is justice most speedily and cheaply administered, and where is the point reached at which dearness and delay become preferable to cheapness and expedition? We say that in no hands can such a decision be so properly placed as in those of the plaintiff hinmself, whose interests are coincident 'with the ends of justice, and that it would be amply sufficient if the defendant were permitted merely to object to the jurisdiction when above a certain amount. This principle is, however, repudiated. The express assent of the defendant is required,-an assent which his attorney takes care shall often '.be withheld. It is a reproach to the administration of justice to see a judge and jury, with two or three counsel on each side, employed in trying some petty case of assault or injury to the person, at the expenso of a hundred pounds, when the same case might be decided before the County Court for as many pence. But the apathy of the Legislature is so complete that these principles were not asserted, and, except within the arbitrary limit of contracts up to 201. and wrongs up to 51., cheap law is still withheld from the poor man. So ends a session whieh has been to membeA peculiarly tedious and to the public by no means satisfactory. It is difficult not to surmise that we have reached a period at which a change is likely to take place, if not in our syatem of government, at any rate in the requisitions with which Government have to comply. We are by no means prepared to say that the objects of legitimate reforn are exhausted, or that we have reached the point at -vhich we ought to be content with ourselves and our institutions; but it is very questionable vvhether we have not arrived at a period in which further reform is rather a want felt by those who think deeply and examine minutely than by the great mass of the people. Further advance in knowledge and intelligence will occasion new wants and new demands, but at present it would seem that the governing class has got so far ahead of the p)eople that there is little effective demand for the changes that it proposes. If this be so, the only course is to wait tI the popular mind once more .overtakes its rulers, and, instead of forcing reforms on an unwilling House, t* wait till tho ouse,.-aroused from its lethargy, demauds those alterations at the hand of the rAinizter.-
The late article, in the Mionit(ir on the affais of1 Spain may be taken as an announcement that the French Government approves the course taken by the QUnwk and her pretent Minister; and till give them at least 'its moral support, We cannot believe that the public opinion of this country will acquiesce in the judgment of the Tuileries, buts as France seems not likely to convert approvai into active- interference, and as England has long abandoned the notion that liberal institutions can be established in any land by foreign. intervention,' the disagreement is, perhaps, more speculative taan practical. Treating, then, the article in the Moniieur as merely an essay on a point of contemporary politics, we may be allowed to remarki on what seem to us its erroneous views of a country which has for many years been the subject of attention, but is even now but little understood. Wl'hat are the occurrences which within the last few days have agitated Spain? A Constitutional' QumE, who holds her title to the Crown by legal: enactment against a relative claiming by divine right, has suddenly dismissed, or caused to resign, the Minister who 'durimg his whole I career has been the champion of responsible government in her dominions. Another politician, known only as a resolute and unscra-- pulous soldier, has been raised to supreme poNver. This substitution of a notoriously Absolutist Minister for a man of strictly constitutional views would seem to a foreigner a dangerous act. We might, however, be in the wrong. But when. we see the actual and immediate results we can no longer hesitate as to the character of the change. We find that insurrection immediately followed in Madrid, and that for this insurrection the new Govermment was thoroughly prepared beforehand. We find thbat O'DoNoNEix, taking advantage of his po.ition as Minister of War, had concentrated 20,000 men on the capital. Bis first step was to surround himself -with colleagues who had two years before, when for a few hours in office, turned the cannon of the army against the people. The first act of the new Ministry was the proclamation of martial law. The Legislative Assembly was dispersed by force, fired upon -when proceeding in deputation to the presence of the SovEsnmEIG, and driven from their legal place of meeting by 'grapeshot. We finld the capital in anns to resist this treasonable violation of public law, and we hear of a desperate contest, in. which the National Guard, after several hours' fighting, are crushed by the large forces concentrated on Madrid. The next intelligence is that the Cortes have fled to a provincial town. Arragon receives the national assembly, which declares that it has been dispersed by a monstrous act of military violence. Barcelona is soon in revolt, and the flame spreads. At the present momient Saragossa is held by an insurgent army, and we learn that in the south Malaga and Granada have not yet submitted. The Ministry is intent on crashing all resistance to its power, and everything is postponed until "after the pacification " of the country." Such are tne facts. TheSovmesriro and her confidant concentrate troops, disperse and fire on the Legislature, fight a pitched battle with the National Guard, and are now engaged in crushing the Liberalism of the provinces. The question is, what are we to think of such an act? The ofaniteur is especially desirous of one thing -that it should not be called a coupl) dctat. It appears that some journals, " blinded by an " unwarrantable preference for a name," have called the affair we have just described a coup d;etat. To this the Momiiseur takes exception. It was merely the resignation of one M1inister and the substitution of another, and could by no means be justly called a coup cUtat. Not that the Mloniteur wishes to exclude the Spanish Court more than any other from occasional recourse to such an expedient, for it proceeds to lay down the cases in which it is legitimate. But the acts of the QUEBX and O'Do.NuaLL, it seems, do not constitute a coup d'etat. Now, we have no wish to argue on the precise signification of this popular phrase. Neither the words nor the idea they express are English, and we may besides well concede to the Moniteur stricter accuracy in the use of a political terninology which it has borne no smaU I lpart in creating. Whether, then, 0'DoNxELL has or has not executed a coup d&atet, he has, I by violence and in pursuanec of a premeditated I plan, dispersed the Legislature, disbanded the National Guard, and overthrown the constitutional liberties of the country. We cannot think that this is a gratifying conclusion to all the struggles and sacrifices of Spain during more than 20 years. We cannot think that the man -who has committed this act can be fitly described as " having attempted to restore order to Spain, as the first and most "indispensable basis of liberty." Knowing, as we do from experience, that repression must producecorresponding resistance, and that, however extended and strong it may be, the reaction must come at last, we are far from feelingr that " it is natural to hail "with sympathy a change of a nature to consoli" date the throne of IhA)SE7LA II." It is not to be denied that on the continent! England is in many minds the object of suspicion, on the ground of a supposed selfish and MIachiavellian policy. We who know our own country, howv little the people care about foreign affairs, and how completely in this their Government represents them, can hardly conceive that the actions of even well informedcontinental politicians areswayed by a notion that England is always on the wateh for the extension of her influence in Spain, in Portugal, Italy, and the East. The French politician of Louis Ppiiirnrrs time was always haunted with the notion of combinations against France, in whichEngland, supreme over the second-rate States, should take the lead. This notion, as wild as that of the bourgeois about England's desire to monopolize the commerce of the world,was oncewidelyprevalent, and seems to have left some traditions even after it has itself passed away. One of these is the dislike of ESrAmtno which has distinguished successive FrenchGovernments, regal, republican, andimperial. The character of this well-meaning old gentleman is well known. He has proved himself during a long career an honest, brave, and good-hearted man, with principles to which he has aLvays been ready to sacrifice his personal. interests. His defects have been timidity and irresolution at a sudden crisis, a want of foresight, and a nature easily iraposed upon by tlle kind of persons with whom he was likely to be surrounded at the Court of Madrid. A politician who does not feel the great truth that men are bound to him, not by what they have received, but by what they expect, is hardly likely to be long in offico anywhere. EsirARTBO is one of these, and, consequently, he has now to lament-if it be of any use-the ingratitude of the QuN, the KsG, and of O'DoONWnr.r himself, his own familiar friend and disciple. This is tho man who, according to notions now a quarter of a century old, is the representative of British infuence at Madrid. it is needless to say that he has never done anythiing for us in Spain, since, of course, there is uothing that we 'vish done. Beyond our rock of Gibraltar we hold. nothing on Spanish, or, inideed, on continental ground, and our only interest in. Spain is that there should be a stable Government, under which tho people should live happily and develope themselves and their resources in their own wAhy - W6 have 1 :Engliahxnen any wish to uphold a constitution merely-because --it is a copy of their o'wn.;' The time is past for any such parti4lity. Foi* O y,ears we, have seen-the vene'rable atitutiors. of tbs, kiingaom fnimicke with. everv variety -of the: sad; the horribe1, and the burlesque, by the- unprepared intelligence, of two hemisapheres. We lo6k to thc esta.blihment of Upper and Lower Chambers; the iniugairation of Presidents, and the regulation of. Parliamentary procedures, only .with feelings of ,apprehension and distrust. Neither from, any hope of materi.;l advantage,, nor from: any-ambition for influence and prestige, nor from any national vainity, have the people. of this country givei their sympathies to the cause of moderate government in Spain, and to the, man who' to the best of his ability, has been its constant supporter. Yet it is difficult to say how much a supposed identity with British interests may not have injured that liberal cause which for the present seerms so utterly wrecLed.
The two persons accused of the Burnopfield murder have been acquitted by a jury of their countrymen, and the verdict will, no doubt, awaken the jealousy of those who are anxious for a more perfect administrationi of cuminal justice. It is natural that this jealousy should exist. We do not err in England on the side of severity to the criminal, and many persons are in the habit of regarding with impatience those legal forms which are the safeguards of innocence, as if they were but the loopholes of escape for the guilty. Esp&e cially of late has there been some cause for solicitude, lest the assaults and murders, which have been frightfully prevalent, should not i meet -with the punishment which is their due. We have seen men of the most brutal temper coolly committing their crimes in the faith that they would never be convicted, and after conviction calmly awaiting their doom in the faith that sentence of death would never be carried into execution. In these circumnstances jealousy is natural, and we sympathize with it; but we are I not the less certain that, notwithstanding the strong case made out against one at least of the prisoners charged with the murder of poor MIr. STIRLrse, the jury were justified in the acquittal of both. Strong suspicions are not sufficient in a court of law. The life and honour of not one of us are safe if suspicion merely, be it ever so strong, may be taken as proof of guilt; and it is better that CAIN should go abroad a recognized innocent than that he should be convicted on evidence palpably insufficient. In making these remarks we are, in fact, stating what to the cold reasoner are mere truisms; but those who take an interest in a tale of murder are not cold reasoners; they are excited by the horrors of the crime, they are apt to forget the most elementary truths; and as in a late conspicuous case, in which the jury, spite of attempted intimidation, brought in a verdict of guilty, and obtained their reward in the approbation of the country, so now we ask the like approbation for a t jury wlho in circumstance3 of similar difficulty pronounced a different verdict, but one strictly ! warranted by the evidence. Against CArY, the chief prisoner in the Burnopfield case, it will be admitted that the evidence wvas very strong-so strong that had he been tried in Scotland the verdict would probably lhave been " Not proven." He seemed to be strangely acquainted with al the particular of the murder, and mentioned little facts of conversation which were afterwards shown to be correct, and which suggested personal knowledge. He said j to two women that he knew "the place of the |" murder as well as their house floor." He stated that there vas a quickset hedge near the place, and that the dead body had been trailed into it for the length of twenty yards; that he saw the first man who came past after the murder, and that he was on horseback, while on the right side of the road i there was a man ploughing,-all which was subse- quently discovered to be true. Besides these admissions the well-known fact of the button-the glass button found near the murdered man, and identified as belonging to one of CA's waistcoats-was not without significance. And there was still a third proof, which connected him with the time and place of the murder, in the evidence of Mr. STOaART, wvho is the last person known to have seen ROEuuT STIRLING alive. M1r. STOBART saw the two prisoners, and tried to avoid them, as he had some money with him, and their appearance terrified him. He was obliged, however, to pass on; he observed them particularly; and immediately after passing them he met a young man who, from the description, seems to have been the deceased. " It's a fine day, Sir," he said; " It is " a very fine day," the stranger replied, with a broad Scottish accent. The old man uiked on, turned to the right, heard a shot which was precisely in the directioin of the two mren; and we are left to the conclusion that it was at this moment that STirinar was murdered. Nor was this the whole of the case for the prosecution. It appears that the young surgeon had on the day of his murder a silver watch, in an engine-turned case, with gold figures oni the dial, and before starting on his fatal journey he borrowed a watchguard from one (f his friends, attached it to his watch. and placed it round his neck. WVhen his body was found the watch was gone, having been wrenched from the guard, part of which still remained. This very timepiece, with gilt letters on the dial, with engineturned silver case, and with half of a broLen watchguard attached to it, was brought to a pawnbroker named RA'nE, and offered first for 30s., then for a lower sum, and lower still, until at last 4s. was asked, the pawnbroker being obliged to refuse it from having no license to receive silver. Lastly, the servant at a publichouse declares that she washed a shirt for CA3z and another for his supposed accomplice, both of 'which were covered with blood; and it may be added that the lancet and lancet-case which Tr. STR'NrxG had in his possession at the time of his death were offered for sale to a gentleman in Durham by an intimate friend of CAiN's, at whose home CAiN was seen the day after the murder. These are the important facts in the evidence for the prosecution, and we have stated them without reservation. But then, on the other side, there arose a doubt as to the -wateh. In the first place, it was not to be found; in the second place, while the pawnbroker's wife declared that it wvas CAIN who offered it for pledge, her servant girl as solemanly swore that it was not CAIN, but the other prisoner. Then the man who was at the publicho-uese at Neweastle, and asked to have his shirt washed along with CAns's, was sworn by the servant girl not to have been the prisoner EA YxF,E, but somebody else. Apart, too, from these instances in whieh *te prosecutors failed to prove their point, small facts appear to have beenbrought forward which individually were of E no use, and therefore only tended to weaken the case by distracting attention and displaying a poverty of evidence. The counsel for the defence AturaIly dwelt on these facts, exposed their I futility, and asked, " Where is the evidence!" It then became more easy to explain away the statements of SToBAnT-as the dream of a timid old man; the button, by an ingenious argument, was shown to be differentfi-su the buttons of the waistcoat; and to qualify the admissions of COux his c counter-statements were turnedto the best accoumt. Th e verdict that was given by the iury in answer to these appeals will not satisfy the friends of the deceased, and gives - us cause to regret that ao little has been done to- discover-the'-perpetrator of a h6rrible-ontrage. - It .isaipafmu7 to thirk thst: a ruthless-crime of this ud- aioc0 p oisonng norsecret atrilgling, bu,t -a hi- ay robbery. an barbarous murder-can be committed in, this, coynt* in the open face of day, ani&that notwith- -standing police and law the culprit sh,ouldescape. - But, -whoever that culprit is, he must be convicted on evidence much 3moro cogent than that -which was .adduced on the prosecution of CAn; an. RA-31s.
L ATEST INTELLIGENCE. (BY SMMAR-E A2D BgIlESH TELEGRAM.) SPAIN. The Moniteur of yesterday publishesthefollowiug telegraphic despatch from the Fxench Consul t St. Sebastian to the Mfinister of Foreign Affairs:-a "ST. SEBASflAN, Jury 28. "There are no advices from Sagossa since my last. despatch. The uncertaioty of the news is to be attributed to the delay of five days granted by General Dulce to the ITU t, .. I
WBST COAST OF AFIICA. PLYMOU1TH JULY 29. The Afric3n Steam Navigation Company's mail packet Niger, Commander Parsons, arrived this afternoon. Her homeward dates are-Bonny, June 21; Old Calabar, ,June 23; Cameroons, June 24; Fernando Po, June 26; Lagos, June 30; Accra, July 1; Cape Coast, JuIy4; Liberia July 8; Sierra leoue, July 1.2; Bathurst, July 1,; Goree, July 16 ; Teneriffe, July 22; and Madeira, July 23. Her cargo includes 1,750ouncesofgolddust, 203 puncheons of palm oil, 226 packages of beeswax, 1,168 billets of camwood, 50 pipes of wine, &c. She brings about 30 passengers, among whom are Mr. Andrew,Collector-General of the Gold Coast, and the French Governor of Senegal. Several Spanish miSsiolnaiies who settled at Fernando Po in May have left, somRe for Teneriffe, the majority for Corisco Island. Trade is improving at Cameroons. Oil continues scarce at Old Calabar. The recent death of Captain Hart, Regent of Bonny, is li;ely to lead to disturbance there through want of agreement in the family of his successor. The President of Liberia has been urnder the necessity of issuing a prod*amatiou to prevent the immigration of labourers to French Guiana. After conveying Dr. Hutchinson to Old Calabar, Coimmodore Adams returned in the paddlewheel steamship Scoulge, 6, to the river Clarence. The brig Childers, 12, the screw steam-sloopPlumper, 12, and the screw steam gunvessel Minx, 3, were at Lagos on the 30'h. The paadlewheel steam-sloop Prometheus was passed 20 miles west of AccrA, July 21. The steam vessel Bloodhound, 3, was at Sierra Leone July 12; and the sloop Elk, 1-2, at Madeiraou. the23d. Several French men-of-war were at Goree, July 16. A Prussian squadron, consisting of the frigate Thetis, a paddle-wheel frigate, a corvette, and a schooner, and the Anerican frigate Jamestown, were at Madeira. The mail steamer Retriever was at Sierra Leone, going down the ccast, and the French ship Chili was spoken by the Niger on the 26th.
CO URi2 CIBCULAI. OSBORNE, TULY 29. Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Colonel F. Seymour, and the Rev. G. Prothero had the honour of dining with Her Majesty yesterday. Thne Plrincess and the Princess Louise of Prussia, at. tended by Countess Haakeie Coantess Oriofla, Madame de Sternberg, Count Ba'os, and Baron rmest Stockmar, left Osborne this morning for the continenLt. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort ,accohmnied the Princesses to Southampton in the Royal Colonel Frtenc Sey,oura °, Groom in5 tDWaiting to the Prince,
NOTTITNGHAM ELECT1jN. OTTIGHAM, JULY 24 Another candidate has come forwardin theperson of Mr. Charles Paget, of Ruddington-grange, who had previously declined to be put in nomination. This will c.use a split among the Liberals, aud as many of the Conservative and most of the operative votes will be recorded in favour of Mr. Paget, it is highly probable that gentleman will be returned. A very crowded public meeting -was held last night in the Exchange-hall' Mr. John Heard in the chair. Mr. Mills, one of the candidates, was present, ad stated his views, bcoth politically and socilly. Upon the Sunday question the candidates are opposed, and on this point Mr. Paget will secure the votes of the working classes. It is very probable that Mr. Ernest Jones will retire. At 2 'clock this afternoon the followingy address was issued "To TicE ELscroy-s oF NoTrr:toGur. "Gentlemen,-Having been selected as a candidate by a very irge majority of the only meeting of theliberal electors which, as I am informed, has been held on the question of the choice of a suoces. sor to your late highly-valued member. fr. Stratt, in the rePresentation of yoar town, I feel bound to respond to the invitation. " Unwilling to cause a division in the Liberl interest. I had previously declined tobecome a candidate in opposition to Atc. lills; the vote, however, of last night has removed that objection. "' Thee is a strong and increasing conviction that the wants of a great commnuitgy, lke that of Nottingham, are best represented by on resident amnong them and connected with the commerce of the place. " The active interest which, during my life, Ihave taken in the cause of refoa, oE educataon, oi commercial ireedom is well knowrn to you. 3y experience in the admiaictrstion ot the lawsasa magistrate, my inowledge of your commercial vn-ts as a neighbour, personally deeply interested in the rolfare of one ofyorr staple manuufactures, and the hahitsoE atnti eti eltiemay.1hope, tmein some measure to oocupy the proud position of yoer representative in the Houwe of Commons. "I am, Gentlemen, your faithful servant, " CHALEhELS PAGEr. "Ruddington-grage, near Nottingbam, July29, I8582' At the public meeting Last night a vote in favour of £r. Paget bemg requested to come forward to contest the borough was carried by a large majority.
A Cabinet Council was held yesterday afternoon at the Foreign-office, Downing-street. It -was attended. by Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, the MIarquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of HarrowbY, Sir. George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, M1r. Secretary Labouchere, LIord Pa-amure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Mhm. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, and the Right Hon. If. T. Baines. The Council sat two hours and a-half. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the first half of a 1001.-note I-T, 84636, for intorne-tax, from "'Z." (Vide Ti?es of 24th inst.). A grand gala, under the patronage of the Queen, Prince Albert, the Royal Family, and the local nobility, took p lace in the grouds ef Aston-park, near Birmingha.i, on Mondsy last. The idea of thas patronizing the Qceen.'s Hospital of that town originated with a company of gentlemen who associate at the Woodman, in Binrcinghami. The first entertaimnrents for all classes were provided. The band of the Coldstresi Guards were in att,endance alnd that of the 10th Light Cavalry played in the front of the hall Nothing could exceed the hilrity and joyousness of the company, which at its height must have exceeded 50,000 persons. The London aNd :North-Western booked during the day at least 7,000 passengers on the line between Birmingham and Aston, and throughout not theslightest accident occurred. The Queen's Hospital will benefit, it is calcul%ted, about 1,0001. by the fle. Too much credit cannot be awarded to Mr. Walsh, Mr. ENichols, Mr. Brigg, and ir. Omions, who for so charitable a,purpose undertook, at; a reat person:a risX and inconverience, the arrangve- fotrde MainColtery,nseIarendn St latei the rnearticulr of ford Main Colliery, niear Stainhorougb, the p rticuiars of which were reported in TLhae Tins on the 23d inst. The bed of coal in which the e-xplosion occurred is known as the Park-gate, or Fenton-bed, and is _bout 2 feet 6 inches thicl- The feman had been through the pit just before the accident, and. found nothing wrong. A sheet was hag along the " benk," when the explosion took plce, to divert the current of air. This had teen tucked up bythe deceased, George Westwood, before he entered the cavity with a naked candle; and this was considered.yall the witnesees sufficient to account for thecatastropb&tbat happened. Oa the subject of the ventilation of the' pit the evidence was most contradictory; and there were considerable (licre. pancies also with respect to the use and position of the sheet ustmentioned. One of the underground stewards stated i tint he had measured the air in the pit on the day before the accident, and found that it was passng at the rate of 4,000 cubic feet per minute on the south side, anlat the rate of 5,200 feet on the north side; and at the "benk,"1 where the explosion took place, it was passing at the rate o12,700 feet per minute. Mr. C. Morton, one of Her Majesty's Inspectors of Mfines, who was in attendanoe to watch the proceedings, strongly adviseda the sutbstitution of doors for =heet in the workings. It-*as Stated that a door had been prepared for Westwood's "benk," but-tbat it could notbe put up until his workhad beencompleted. Grjffiths, the young man -who was injured by the exploiion and barely escaped the fate of Weatwood not bemg able t attend, the coroner (Mr. Thomas Taylor) sad hp thought the jury might arrive at a coliclusion. without the l's evidence. It appeared to hin thiLt there was too little air in the pit, bu tte tucing up *f-the sheet before the " benk," sufficientlyx ccounted for,the'exeposion.e jTheuryeturned ak verdict i$f "Accidental 'deathi;" expressing thi eretm t1sit the rentllonfthe. iit.was defective, and urgi some immediate improvement in it xpec.
-INDIA-.- ?-lic?q'l I (iioM OtTF OW]: -oi . .o . .o.i.. ? -C 2 :The diskirbanc~s inK iE u1 Sowrahs, the tribe- .hiefly ipfhcad to sist 1he-sectio_ n which rhdtken up mTd hei foUlowera of Dindas ESwauie, inang themselvas un-; supporteda. lunk 1bic1k totheir own villages The locl-authorities are seccsed of e ratg the danger. but without reason. I n r of mantofixa limit to t-he spread of anjIndiai bellion, and 24 ?:nurs of uncheckedsuccess'wo'a* have covered file province with armed savage -Tha Mdrats Govermnent deserves great credit .,fo the promptitude and decision with which it faced tho danger. That Govemment is not.populas inlndia Its! ruing prinizple is believed to be Ieme jealousyof the central authority,butin thisnstance it has undoubtedly displayed both judgxiient and activity. Had the disturbances lasted for another weel; the district would have been occupied by an irresistible force. I have for some time past been silent upon the measrs adcpted for the conatruction of a new Government in Ouide. The organization, however, of the provnce has been rapidly proceeding. A revenue settlement has been made upon terms which the natives congider sufficiently fair. It will remain in force for three years, during which period the scientific survey, essential to a really just assessment of the land-tax, will be driven on. The code prepared by lIr. Temple, whicl has been found to work so well in the Punjab, has been introauced, : and, with some slight modifications, isnow the fundamental law of the country. I may remark ea passa.nt that tLis code, the work of a man of 28, wholly unassisted, is becoming the ground-law of ouir non-regulation provinces. It is already law in the Punjab, Berar, and Oude. it will speedily be introduced into Nagoore, and I believe the Lieutenant-Governor intendQ to give it currency tl.roughout the non-regulation provinces of Bengal. A military police has been organized, conststing of threeattalons of F?oot mnidnine rissalaha or troops of Horse, all under an energetic officer, as superintendent. This force is, perhaps, sormewhat smaller than will be ultimately required; but for the present some of the police work is performed by the regular soldiers. A Department of Public Works has been created, with a separatoe officer at; its head, and an officer of some experience appointed Surveyor of Roads. This is an entirely new office, as is also that of Superintendent of Irrigastion. It is believed that by appointing a special officer to these departments more work vill be accomplished. The system, however, has this misfortune-the " special officer" is apt to consider it his duty to press new projects upon the Government without much attention either to the sumn to be expended or the results to oe achieved. A Department of Mines and another of forests is to be immediately established, and the Punjab system of munlicipaol t^axes has been already introduced. This system corresponds exact ly with the octroi of Paris, and, though opposedto ailll rles of political economy, is popular with the taxpayers. Alltover India it is the device employed by the people w,-hen they are left to themselves, and it is only the determined resistance of t,he Legislative Council wrhich delays its introduction into BengaL The Government of the Punjab has just published a report upon the census taken on the last day of 1855. This document, among other facts of interest, contains the announcement that the Sikh religion is expiring. The Silhs, as you are probably aware, consider themsdeves Ilindoos. There are no SiTs by birth, the (isciples being initiated when able to answer for themselves. Since the annexation of the country the nunber of the initiated has gradually declined. No longer a dominant cast3, the Sikhs find their religious isolation inconvenient aud burdensome. They have therefore ceased to init;;e their children, who remain pure Hindoos, and are not taught to reverence the gnuait. So rapid hbs been the change that it is believed the next generation will witness the total extinction of the creed. The division of Lahore which contains lUmritsur, the sacred city of the Sikhs, and which used to be their stronghold, comprises 3,500,000 inhabitants; of these only 200,000, or less than 6 per cent., are Sikhs. In the strange history of British India I know no fact more strange than this. It is not 12 years since the followers of this faith formed the dominant mfiitary elass of a great country, and rivalled and ahnost defeatedcthe British in the field. Yet they have been so utterly subjugated that they have lost not only the hope but the desire of resistance. No other theory wi account for the neglect of a ceremonial which was once the sign of entrance not only into a new creed, but into a vwarlike and governing class. Lord Dalhousie's policy in Idil needs no other defence than this single fact. I need not tell you thai the slightest oppression, the smalest feeling of hatredl to their new rulers, would have made these menL cling to their faith with the tenacity of the genuine Asiatic bigot. I understand that the Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal has sent up a long report to the Supreme Government upon the arrangements for the criminal adlministration of Bengal. I hope to send you by next mail an analysis of his proposals. I believe the most important refers to a complete reform of the police, long since required. This reform will take the shape, not so much of a radical reorganization as of a large addition to its existing strength. It is proposed also to reunite the offices of magistrate and collector, and thus concentrate all the execative -work of a districtinto one hand. The entire scheme musst,of course,pass under the review of the Central Government, and Rill probably be referred to England. The subject certainly demands consideration, for by the last report, just issued, it appears that 56,897 persons were convicted in the year 1S54 in the regulation provinces alone. Of these no less than 11,000 were punished by sentences of imprisonment for less than one month. Only 29 were sentenced to death, and 54 to transportation for life; and this in a country where violent crime and agraian outrage are almost as rife as in I-eland. The Government has just introduced a new bill for the municipal administration of Calcutta. The elective principle has now had a uris1 of many year3, and has proved a total failure. The Europeans -will nlot vote, and the natives have always elected the same persons-twro men notoriousely useless. The other two members of the Conservancy Commission are officials, and the system, therefore, united all the evils of popular election with all the evils of official management. It has therefore been abandoned. It is proposed to create a kind of coTporation, consisting of 12 members, nominated by Government, who will appoint a working sub-committee. The plan seems a fair one, and the elective principle has fallen into such contempt that no change will be resisted. The Europeans, I beEeve, would prefer a single officer or warden, but the legislature is afraid to sanction such a departure irom ordinary rules. Therailway has, as I predicted, earned a dividend slightly in excess of the guaranteed amount. MIy calculation, however, was based uponl the official estimate of cost-viz., 10,0007. a-mile. The estimate has been altered, and is now taken at 11,000!. a-mile. The profits, therefore, for tbe half-year ending 30th of June will be equal to dividend of 42 per cent. upon an outlay averaggin.g l,0001. a- ie. Upon this statement you may, I believe, rely. BOMBAY, JUNE 2r. The Iaeutenant-Governor of Eengsalha submitted to the Government of India, by whom it has been highly approved, a scheme of irrigatior on an extensive scale for the districts of Shahabad and Behar, as well as for portions of those of Mirzapore, Benares, and Ghazeepore. A Calcutt newspaper givea the following iketch of the propxed undertaling:- "The irrigation'wi1lelt"rd ever 2,037 square nilesia tIe ShabhaUd district. The canals ;ill be i 4artly by the rIver 80me and prt by reservons, which wiU receive the waers of numnerous li -torrents. The main zk bises of the canal vill be nzvigpble, a tee of theta sill communicate with the Ganges; and to insure a plentiful supply of Water at all se%sons,a dsM is tobe oDns be &acMo the SoAe, nearitejunction-withthe Rirer loeL ne ee of ths dam is estaimted at 770,000 iupee, .and tha * the canals at 2,730,0003 rupee;l maig the toa cact 35 .a1eof rupees, or 350,OOOl." Just at the present jincture, whle the mindi of mnen are divided as tohe elative merit of seq tration or -annexation in d wth nitive mi govermment, have appeared, among the selections frora the Records of the Governmeni f ii "Papers connected ith the Adminidcraton-- of ! ysore," the most notable of- the sequestered pro: vinces. The first paper -wrtten by the able ooni. missioner, Gener Cabbon, contains a general FUrvey of the:hiatceS of the-country; since 1799. ? When. .Wippo, ultadfallennheslt r of his
EyGPT. (FPOIo OUR OWN CORESPONDENT.) ALEXAlDRLA, vLy 2-2. The steamers Valetta and Euxine, which brought out the mails of the 10th of July, arrived on the I91h and 20th inst., and return this day with the India and China mails. By the mail of the 10th of j July there was brought to Egypt for India and China 975,0001. in specie, from England, includinga a smail portion from France, being the largest amount that has ever been despatched overland at one time. The cargo from India and China is also the largest that has ever yet arrived, consisting of 3,600 packages of silks for England and France; but the transit administration, under its present direction, was not able to bring the whole of the cargo to Alexandria in Uime for shipment to Europa to-day, though three days and a-half have nearly expired since the steamer arrived at Sues, and about 1,000 packages will be left behind, to be forwarded to their destinationi a fortnight hence. Owing to the rise of the Nile, the ferry on the Rosetta branch of the Nile can now be used, and this has hitherto been the only break in the line of railway between Alexandria and Cairo. The electric telegraph in the Desert between Cairo and Suez has been completed, and it is to be hoped that no untoward delay will arise in the construction of the railway across the Desert, so as to leave as little room as possible for mishaps in the transit. The mother of the ex-Ring of Oude has arrived in Egypt, with the heir apparent to the throne of Oude and a suite of 98 persons. She is now at Cairo, where she intends to remain for a fevw days, and will proceed to England by the ensuing mail. This year's crops have proved abundant throughout Egypt, and, as the Wile is rapidly rising, the produce is being brought dow n to Alexandria for shipment in large quantities. The price of wheat has somewhat fallen. Freights are 6s. 6d. per quarter. Exchange on London continues at 101 piastres per pound sterling. The fites given by Said Pasha, in commemoration of his accession two years ago to the Govermment of Egypt, and for which such extensive preparations had been made, came off under auspicious circumstances on the 16th. 17th, and. 18t inst., at the Pasha's private palace at the Gabarrd Immediately in front of the palace there were erected three gaily decorated pavilions, for the use of his Highness, the Egyptian princes, and the consuls, and a grand portico with architectural colonnades, 740 feet long on each side, 30 feet broad, sunmounted by 750 flags, with 90,000 lamps, which were lighted up each night and produced a very fine effect. There was also a reception room built, 190 feet long by 130 feet broad, and a harem for the Pasha's ladies and the European lady visitors, containing 20 rooms built expressly for the occasion, and having the exterior brightly iUuminated. In the portico for the lower classes there was a theatre, where, among other things, was represented the battle of Kalafat, in which the Egyptian troops occupied a prominent position; and a cosmorama, panorama, diorama, dissolving views, rope-dancers, greasy pole, Olympic races, national theatres, and music were there for the amusement of the public. On each day all comers were fed from the Pasha's kitchens, and on each night, besides the iUuminations, there were fireworks. A very pretty theatre, to hold 300 persons, was built inside the palace, in which there were opera and ballet performances, 42 performers having been brought out from Milan expressly; and the Turkish Ladies were enabled to look on from behind lattice-work at the back of the theatre, while the gallery was for the use of the European lady visitors. Mitary bands of music were stationed aU over the grounds; there were 300 European musicians employed. at the different theatres, and refreshments were freely distributed to all present. On the morning of the 10th the ceremony began with a salute of 101 guns, and the Viceroy held a levee, when aU the heads of the Mahomedan and Christian clergy, and the European Consuls, in uniform, presented their respects. Redschid Pasha was present, and all the officers of the Viceroy's army and navy, and his civil emrnploys in rich new uniforms passed before his HIighness and made their obeisance. The European merchantts of Alexandria also came forward and presented to his Highness a gold medal, with an address, thanking hin for the freedom he has granted to the trade of Egypt, to which he made a very suitable reply in French, saying that he would always promote the interests of commerce, which was the life of his country. The fites ended on the evening of the 18th with a magnificent banquet given in the large saloon, at which upwards of a thousand guests assistedj the Europeans being invited by cards, a certain number of which were given to each of the European consuls for distribution. Opposite to Said Pasha was seated Redschid Pasha, and next to them the principal authorities,theEuropeanConsils-General,Europeans and natives alternating. All the resources of the country were brought out to give magnificence to | this dinner; the Pasha's handsome services of gold and silver, numberless candelabra and waxlights, transparencies, and ornaments of every description gave lustre to the scene, which was unanimously admired. The dinner did not last long, as is customary with the Turks ; there were no speeches made, and immediately after Said Pasha adjourned to another apartment to smoke his pipe. The fireworks were then resumed, and a great display of an eruption of Mount Vesuvius and the burning of Pompeii took place. One remarkable feature in these fetes was the preponderance of European tastes and customs, though the Turks ahd 2gyptians were very numerous and mixed freely with the Europeans. The ainmunt of money expended by the Viceroy on thig occasion was enorm^ous, 100,0001. being considered a low estimate of the cost; as he was most lavish in every. detail. A grand review of the Viceroy's army was expected, but, for some reason or other, it did not take place. On the 20th Bedschid Pasha, the Viceroy's principal guest, took his departure for Constantinople in the Pasha's fine yacht Faid Gehaad, and he can hardly help feeling gratified with the attentions shown to him during his visit to Egypt; and, perhaps, Said Pasha will some day derive some benefit from it when Redshid returns to power at Constant!no Ie. 8nhel119th the Greek Consul, on the part of hisGovernment, presented to the Paaha a Greek decoration, a an a¢kaowIedgment of the leniency show by his Highess towads the Greek residents of 3 t at the t;imae of the inindersUoming bee tween Greece and Turkey Lsst year, when allGreekst were ordered to be expelled from t;he ttoman do' minions.
.: SPORTINtI NTYLiIGENg.E N . I . ,, . i GOODWOOD RACRS--Thn tn I Since the retirement of the a)ke.of R.icbmond from3 all activo pursuits on the turf, the Goodwood meeting, which attained its ae4m of popularity uader the direition of the late Lord GeorgeN'ntick, has bee regarded by all persons 'nterested in horse racing with not a little anxiety. Forebodings have been entertained that year after year a diminution in the quantity of Sport woula be displayed, aud that ultimately a lack of patronage would cause the meeting to be abandoned. These forebodings seemed to ripen into certainties when the partial secesdon from the turf of the Marquis of Exeter wras announced, and were strengthened by the' fact of every anniversary of the 8athering having of late years been marked by the absence of the "colours"' of certain noblemen and gentlemen who were wont to to be the chief patrons and sup. porters of the rich Produce Stakes with which the Good. wood programme is filled. From the present neeting it has been prognosticated that the rapid "fall" of the Goodwood gatherings will be dated. This prediction seemed to be founded oR the recent unfortunste secessions from the turf, 'and the knowledge that during the current season Fortune has not equally distributed her favours among backers and bookmakers, but has sent the money into the pockets of a comparativelyfewindividuals. These circumstances combined to renderprofessionalturfitesuneasyrespectingtlhe success of the present meeting, inasmuch as they expected a diminished supply of sport, and flat and unprofitable specula tion. In the number of the events to be decided there is certainy a marked shortcoming in the programme. The list of sport on the present occason contains only 2G items,-a number consderably short of that of last year and several preceding years. Still, for the principal two-year-old races and handicap events, large fields are likely to be bronght out. The Memorial Stakes for three and four year-olds will command only a few competitors; because, in turf parlance, most of the animals engaged in them have been "run through," while breakings down and the many ils that horseflesh is heir to have caused the entire disappearance of othersfrom the racecourse. Sti'l, the shortcomings which are perceptible in the supply of sport exists more in seeming than in reality, for, to judge from the first day's racing, and the large number of horses now in the neighbourhood, turfites will have enough, and more than enough, to occupy their attention during the meeting. The character of the principal events, too, has undergone no deteriorating change, and in this respect the meeting maintains its old prcstige and importance. The extensive scale on which blood stock is reared in this country solely for racing purposes is strikingly attested by the fact of 50 two-year-olds being entered for the Nursery Stakes alone, in addition to the numerically strong lists of nominations obtained respectively by the Ham, the Lavant, the Molecomb, and the Sixth Bentinck Memorial Stakes. The unfavourable expectations which had been entertained respecting the success of the meeting were agreeably disappointed by the spirit and eclat with which the gathering was inaugurated to-day. True, the fields were small, but the leading events were marked by incidents of much present and prospective importance. A first favourite for the St. Leger was brought out in Lord Derby's Fazzoletto, while a prominent favourite for the Derby, 1857, was defeated by Mr. W. S. S. Crawford's Zuyder Zee. Indeed the couple of two-year-old races-the Ham Stakes and the L-Avant-wero not only remarkable for the interest with which their result was regarded, but also for the close and exciting encounters which they occasioned. The day was warm and sunny, a smart breeze at intervals springing up and imparting a pleasant temperature to the atmosphere. The muster of general company was, perhaps, not quite equal to that usually witnessed on ani opening day. Still, on the balcony of the Grand Stand, and on the lawn and the embankment were many of the most distinguished patrons of the sport. Ladies assembled in large numbers, and their elegantly variegated dresses gave additional gaiety and effect to the picturesque scene. The races came off as under - The CRAVs; STAKEs of 5 soas. each, with 50 added. Craven Course, one mile and a quarter, 10 subs. Cord Clifden's Diana, by Veiison, 5 yrs, 7st. 2ib. M(Crsouch) ... .. .. .. . . ...................... .. 1 (Cr. aouh) Tomi Thumb, 3 yrs, fiat. 41b. (Decker) 1 Mr. Payne's Boer, 6 yrs, 6st. llUb. (Plumb) ... 3 The following also ran:- Mr. Merry's Wild Huntsman, 5yrs. 8st. 121b. (J. Prince). Captain Clinton's Rialto, 4 yrs, 7st. 41b. (Sopp). Mr. Dawson's Adamn, 3 yrs, 6st. llb. (Mundy). Mr. Grneme's Blue Mantle, 3 yrs, 6st. 101b. (Salter). Betting.-7 to 4 agst Wild Huntsman; 6 to 1 agst any other. Dianamade all the running, and won by a neck ; a head only between the second and third; Rialto was fourth, Adam fifth, and Wild IHutsman sixth, a wide interval separating them from the first three. hMundy was fined 5l. for misbehaviour at the starting post. SWEEPSTAKES of 10 sovs. each, for 2-yr-olds and upwards. Tho winner to be sold for 300 sovs. if demanded, &c. Half a mile. 11 subs. lr. Thellussones Madame Clicquot, by Burgundy, 2 yrs, OctA. (Bullock).1... .. .. . . Mr. Hancock's Lady Florence, 3 Yrs, 7st. 1Ub. (Prior) .. 2 Mr. Rlwes's British Remedy, 3 yzs, 7st. ilIb. (Bray) ... 3 The following also ran:- Captain Christie's Ceres, 3 yrs, 7st. lilb. (T. Cliff), Mr. Rayner's Judy, 3 yrs, 7st. llb. (Arthur). Lord Anglesey's Mliss Nightingale, 2 yrs, 6st. (Hibberd). M.r. Howard's Sister to Bold Bucclench, 2 yrs, 6st. (Fordham). Mr. Payne's Perfume, 2 yrs, 6st. (Plumb). Mr. Brickhams Miss Dickson, 2 yrs, 6st. (C. Brown). Betting.-7 to 4 agst Madame Clicquot; 7 to 1 each agst Sister to Bold lBuienluch and Miss Nightingale; 8 to 1 each agst Lady Florence and British Remedy. Madame Clicquot led from start to finish, and won by three-quarters of a length; half a length between the see-ond and third. Miss Nightingale was a moderate fourth; Sister to Bold Baccleuch was fifth; Perfume was sixth. The winner was claimed. Arthur was fined 51. for disobeying the starter's orders. The GRAT,%vicn STvxrs of 100 sovs. each subscription, h. ft., for 3-yr-olds; colts, 8st. 101b.; fillies, 8st. 51b. Certain allowances. The second to receive 200 sovs., and the third to save his stake. One mile and a-haLf. 37 subs. Lord Derby's Fazzoletto, by Orlando, 8st. 71b. (Bartho- lomew) 1~~~~~~~~~~~~~) . MEr. Ti. Walker's Theodora, 8st. 21b (Aldccoft).;2 hlr. Mierrys Polmoodie, 8sat. 71b. (J. Prince)...3 Mr. W. H. Brooke's Manganese, 8sat. 51b. (J. Osborne)... 4 Captain White's Tyne, 8sat. 21b. (Elatman) ... ,.5 Betting.- to 5 on Fazzoletto, 3 to 1 agst Theodora. Polmoodie made play, with Manganese second; Tyne third, and Fazzoletto fourth. They ran thus nearly to the top of the hill whero Fazzoletto becamie third, and on making the turn into the Straight, Maganese deprived Pelmoodie of the lead. At the haLf-mile post Polmoodio again bore his colours in advance, and half-way up the distance Maanese dropped back beaten. Fazzoletto then came out, Theodora being second, and Polmoodie third. In that order they finished, the fiLvourite winning easily by two lengths; a neck between the second and third; bad fourth. Before the race 9 to 2 was taken about Fazzoletto for the Leger. The HAaI STARES of 100 sovs. each subscription for 2-yr- olds; colts, 8st. 101b.; fillies, 8st. 71b. Certain allow. ances. The second to receive 200 sovs. out of the stakes. T.Y.C. 21 subs. Lord Portsmouth's Ayacanora, by Birdcatcher, 8st, 71b. (Flatman) 1. . . . . . . Mr. W. S. S. Crawford's Zuyder Zee, 8st. lOlb. (Bar- tholomew) ... ... ... 2.. ,. .. ... 2 Lord Glasgow's c. by Hernandez; - Physalis, S. 71b. (Alderoft) _ .. .. .. .. .. .. Sir J. B. Mill's Bar-One, 8st: 41b. (A. Day) . Lord Exeter's Beechnut, 8st. 71b. (Norman) 5 Mr. Howard's Chow, sat. llb. (Wells) .I Betting.-6 to 5 agpt Zuyder Zee, 7 to 2 each agst Ayacanora and the Physalis colt. Ayacanora led. Halfway up the distance Zuyder Zee Made his effort, but could not quite get up, and was beaten by a neck; bad third. Before the race 25 and 20 to I were taken to several hundred pounds aibout Zuyder Zee for the Derby. The LV^A-NT STAKEs, of 50 SOVS each subscription, for 2- yr-olds; colts, 8st. 71b.; fillies, 8st. 31b. Certain penalties for winners. The second to save his stake. Hal a mile. 13 subs. Mr. Newland's Imperieuse, by Orlando, Est. 61b. (in- cluding 31b. extra), (Bartholomew) ... ... Mr. E. Parr's Lambourn, SEt. 131b. (including i1b. extr) (Aldcroft) . ... .. ... ... ... 2 Mr. W. S. S. Crawford's Church 8angton, Sst. 71b. (G. Oatea) ..-. . .3 Captain Christie's Nougat. Set. 31b. (Fltmen) -4... L,ord Anglese',s Fugitiv& (late !aat- Day), 8st. 101b. (in- cluding31ib. extra) (G. Mann)-.. ..- . . Mr. HIoward's Pomuona, 8st. 6th (including 31b extra) Betting.-3 to l esoh agpt Nougat and Fugitive, 7 to 2 agst Imperieuso, 5 to I agpt Lambour. They an abreast to the distanoe, where Lambourn came out, followed by Imperiense. A most exciting race in ensued, Imaperieuse winning on the poet by a-head, a 3ength between the second and 'third, and tbret lengths between the third and fourth. FirTY PouvDs, added to a sweepstkes of 5 s aoul ch, for 3.y-old ancd upward s Theminner to T besold-forl.31 (Wkefield) r.bXBa Middleton 3 ys.s 7st. 91b. Mr. T. Pan's ChiLon Boy. 4 rs, Sat; 91b,i4Wels) ... 2 Mir. T. Stevans's Lucy Lockit, 4 'rsf, Sst.v91. (Yaes) ..3 lMr. Sazxonl' Ida,-4 yrs,8st..9lb. (Roburn) ~ .- . Betting.-C to 4 agst-lda,5 to 2 agst the.Czr.- Won by two lengths ;about threelenrths-between t-he. second. nd third, and a length betweeen the th and fourth. id n The winner was claimed by Mr. T Parr. t ' I SmEwsrmAirs of 309 sovs. each, subsciipti6n, for 4.r-olds- The second to save his stake. Qaeens Piate Course.i 6 subs. Captain White's Hazel, by Nutwith, 8st. 71b. (Flatman); vwalked over. Ml. Howard's St. Hubert saved hia stdake. BETTING ON THE COURSE. GooDmOOe STAxES. 6 to 1 agst Zeta (offered). 7 - 1 - Goldhill (offered). 9 - 1 - a andalore (taken). 12-1- Lady Tatton (taken). 12 - I - andal (taken). 12 - 1- Sandboy (taken). 100 - 7 -Polestar (takea). 20 - 1- Lundyfoot (taken and offered). SThWARDS' CUP. 5 to 1 agst Olympugs. 12 - 1-Monarque. GOODWOOD Cur. 3 to 1 agst Eisherman (taken). 9- 1 YeUow Tack (taken). 10- 1- ogerthorpe (taken). S2rs Let . 5 tD 2 ngst 39azoletto (fee)
THE GREAT WESTERN RAiL WAY. TO TEE EDITO3R OF THE TIMIES. Sir,-I have directea an aavertisement to be inserted in Thze Times, -which you will observe to have reference to the subject of the accompmnying copy of a letter, which had been addressed by ne to the secretay of the Great Western Company, to which I shall be rauch obliged if you vill give a place for insertion in any colum of your paper. I reroain, Sir, your most obedient servant, MW TI ilnTPlP Castlemans, near Maidenhead, July 26. "To TE SHAuREoLDERs OF THIE GREAT WESTERN RAULWAY COMPANY. "Gentlemen,-I deliver for your information the following copy of a letter, addressed by me to your secretary under date ofthe 16th of June last:- " ' I was on Saturday, the 14th inst., favoured by receipt Of your letter of the 13th, in answer to the letter which I addre3sed to the Board of Directors on the 2d inst., in which you express their desire to repe at that they cannot be justified in admitting the claim vhich I had submitted to them, of having access to "The Register of the HIolders of Consolidated Stock ;" respecting wshich I wfould observe, that this is the fiust ofiicial communication to me of their rejection of such reasonable request. Yoll further state, as a reaon for the Directors withholding the privilege of such access to the shareholders, that, 'in their officl capacity, -with the knowledgo which they poss how objectionable it is to shareholders that each operation should be rendered publc in every purchaseorsaleoftheirpropert they cannot overstepthe line of their duty." Withreference to such reason forrejection of my clainiof privilege, not wantonly advanced, but on just grounds of needfor its exercise, I would impress upon their consideration that I have never for.a moment entertained a thought, intention, or desire to acquire information, or to render public the operation of purchase or sale of the property of the shareholders; my conclusion having always been, as it now is, tnat aU such matters obtained entries in a book- kept for that purpose, called the Reqister nf Transters, as more especially expressed in the 15th section of theactof the8thof Victoria, chap. 16, wbich I could have no object, and therefore no desire to see or have access to. "'The book which r claim the privilege of acceastois not The Bmister of Transfers, but the book which contains the names of the several parties vwho may be interested in anyshare stock(consolidated),withthe amount of theinteres' therein, possessed by them respectively, to be entered in a book to be kept for the purpose, and to be called T7e &.&istcr of Holders of Consolidated Stock4 which book shaU be accessible to the several holders of shares or stock in the undertaldng, as provided in section 63 of the act of Sth of Victoria, chap. 16. And it does appear to me that the Board of Directors have not adduced any justHfiable reason for tneir refusal to me of the privilege which I claim, aud by such denial on their parts I cannot be conscious that they execute their trust with discretion or in due regard to their obligations to the shareholders; but, on the contrary, that they overstep the Line of their idutyv, which I canl have no doubt it would be their wishz to avoid, and which I am sure. as in this instance, could only proceed from misconception or error of judgment. "'Such being the position of this question, I may be permitted to indulge an expectation that it will be equally consonant with the desires of the Board of Directos, as it certainly will be my earnest vish, to obtain at the earliest period a resolution from the shareholders of the company, at a general meeting, either to confirm the privilege to which I lay claim, or to deliver such determination of their resolves upon the question as the circuamstances of the case presented to them might best suggest for their conclusive judgment. " ' Moreover, the Board of Directors, having been amply provided with printed copies of the bylaws, as proposed by me for adoption by the shareholders, they will have been in full possession of every possible means for determnation of their own pinious upon the several matters nwhich the code is purposed to embrace and a3Ihavealready,tothe best of my ability, given cireulation to the code among the shareholders of the company, I am induced to entertain belief that the Board of Directors will be pleased to convene an extraordinary or special meeting of the company, to be held at the Paddington station, at such time as they tbink fit, to determine by their resolutions, upon acodeof bylaws, orders, and rules for the goed government of the affairs of the company, then to be propos for adoption by the shareholders, in conformity with the 144th sec. of their act of incorporation, and with the 124th see. of the act Sth of Victoria, chap. 16. "'Such meeting being also convened to determine, by resolution of the shareholders, their decision upon the exercise of a privilege to which claim has been asserted on behalf of the shareholders,-that thev do, at all seasonable hours, have access to 'The Register -of Holders of Consolidated Stock,' in conformity -with the enactments of the Legislature, provided in the 63d sec. of the Sth of Victoria, chap. 16. i " ' I haveto request that you wihldo me thefavourto Isubmit the contents of this letter, for the information of the Board of Directors at their earliest meeting, and I shall be further obliged by your early communicucation to me of their decision upon my request. "'I have &c., &c., M. H. COURT. "; Castlemnan's, near Maidenhead, June 16.' "Itis' only necessary to say, in further information to the shareholders, that the Board of Directors refaued to convene the special meeting, in order. to avoid the expense and inconveniece of such proceeding. The queations at issue will consequently stand over for notices at the half-yearly meeting to be held at Bristol in Augunst "I remain, &c., your obedient servant, " Ca6tleman's, July 16. H. M. COURT."
VISITOXS TO RA 2MN-CORT AsND EXW-GARDniS. - retAn, obtained on the motion of Sir G. B PechelI, 3L1>., shows that the totalnumuber of Tisitors Admitted to see the Apartments of Iampton-oonrt Palace last year amounted. to 141,420, of whom 49,780 4njed the privilege on Sund7s', and 91,640 on other days a e num. ber of visttors on Sundys s,-in May, 1,200; i,TJne, 2,200;. inJuly 2,700, iu tu2,200,. adinSeptember, l,900. The latgestiumler of vistors on any one Snday was 2,GSO (on te 10th of Jue), and thelo nmber 29 on the 4th of February. Thenonti ef Februa the most remarIab3e-for-the paucity of visitors, n which resp,et it. stunds ar below Janu&r and, Deoember. The mne e.rk hold goo as egards theweekdy visiorss Theirand oaldiumbeiof visitors tothe Kew Gardensiast year s 313,816, Dofwhom178,194 etjoyed the privilege on Sundays, and 135,622 on other.AbysXerj; ypin, fhe number falIs to is mini7niue in- themonth. of FebruarygineraOlythe.inst disagreloe in ithe-yar. he, largest number' of Sunday sitors wll,995, ontlse26thofAuguA;and the smalest nxumber, 9, on the 4th of February- The Sunday iverage was 3,000jin May, 8,000 in J une. 12000 in July. 11,000 in Au asui 8,000.in Sepliber. The number of nsitoralways-falls off -onsiderably ii October, although'often f fine ounth,ancd lit year espeily so. !rhu$ at Xewr Gardens the number of Sunday TisitOrs decbined, betwe Se,pteber and Octobesr1a1t,from 32,06 tol1,780; Zan the numbier of iweekc-day visit'or. rom 22,062 to 3,994. Again, at Hapton-ourt, the Suday.idor declind, between September aud Octber, from 7.919 to 1,667; and the week-dy vistors, from 11,491 to 3,8i4.
THE AtoNsTiR QHTvX RQGUN. (FrDm ie- l;iW6,ne) Twomonths agothesuccessfl erperimen tat-F or-b 0 exploded the fallacious dogma of the =scientif woldtat it iras impracticable to constract a so ind' 13-inch wrought. irongurn. Gov.qrninent itielf had expended 10,OOOf. or 15r.)01O1. 'in the attemipt to aainufacture i similar piece of ordnance in the saeighabonrihood--of 31:ancheeter, and. had failed, the exoeseferfailre being that "lae spues Ve't forged iron, forne long-eontiinied heating, become cerystal- - lized, and the 'fi%ro*g texture-flom whichs it-~derireiitr '" teracity is *destroyed." The -1raeT, Steel and Iron Conpony Ine; this ;statement .to be fallacious, hain ome years No orged a gun of but-little less capaty for the United Sates' Gorernment Withan amoumtof spirit and patriotism which reflects thelighest honour on the firm, they repeated an offer tbey bad previously made wen the plactieability of-the attempt fist-' discussed in the,.colemus of Sk Timei, undertaking.. to oonstrut al3-inch wrought-iron gan, couDled with a proposition to present itto the country, they bearing all theowsts of its manufacture, on the one condition that it should be I "led against the enemy." Lord Tanumure did what he couldscarcely avoid-heacaeptedthe offer,and eulogized the nationalspirit,of the company, who had proposed'so-nohble a contribution to the effective forco of the service. Cronstadt then occupied A conspicuons part of the mation's thoughts, and the country was calling for largergnus to b3 brought against those granite fortifications, 'Which frowned opposition to enr whole navy. The gun was mad, tried, anr, foand, as pronounced by Captain Vandeleur, of the Royal Gun Eactories, who was sent by the War Departmest to prove it, "anuite fit for servioe.' But there-was mo longer an enemy,;and the original condition of the gift conld not he complied 'with. That the gun was "ia day too late for ths fair " was no fault of the makers. They bad commenced it during a time of war, puitting upon it their best workmen, and pushing it onto speedy completion -and this to the neglect of their private business, which they made secondary to the national good. it shouild also be borne in mind that they had made a previous offer which, if accepted, 'would have enbmlled them to finish the gun in sufficient time to have its capabilities tested at Sweaborg, and, perchance, at Cronstladt. Though the opportunity for the Government fulfilling their part of the agreement was no longer in existence, the Mersey Steel and iron Company had no intention of withdrawing from 'a fulfi. ment of their promise. All they now wanted was that Government should endorse what had been proved to the satisfaction of Captain Vandeleur. and the numerous throng, military and civil, who wimnessed the interestin"experiments on the sands at Formby, namely, that they haa been successful in wha't they had undertasen. Two months passed, and nothing more was heard of this triumph of the engineering art. We ourselves had begun to fear that routine had dug its grave and red-tapery given it a secret bural It had been removed to Shoeburyness with the avowed object of being submitted to further tests, bnt no reports were made, and the big gum lived only in the thoughts of the people. Andif there were a desire to shelve it, or to bury it, or to take it to Shoeburynes. to rust into uselessness, where's the wonder? The 3nonster had had an unusual birth. Its midwives had not walked the crooked ages of Routine HospItal, with its fevers and chills, and lane old men, and deaf old women. They had had no appointment with the Barnacles-they had not even "wanted. to mnow, you know." They had not paid the perqisites of official flankeyism, and official flunkeyism straightened its back, and,would teke no notice of the creature, but would let it die, because at its birth it had not received the mystic twists of red-tape decoration. In fact, it had owed its existence to patrfotism, and patriotism is decidodlyl vulgar and unconstit-tional, inasmuch as it does not respect the time-honoured privileges of the Barnacles, but brushes aside all 'worthless Iumber and marcehes straight to its objec. We are glad to find, however, that our fears were premature. The ominous silence was broken, in the House of Commons on Thursday night by Colonel North suggesting that Captain Vandeleur's report should be printed. and asling what Her iajesty's Government intended io do with the gun ? Mr. Peel, having promised that the report should beprinted, said, "experiments with the gun were stl in mrogress, and until they were closed he did not know whatwould be done with the gui." This seems fair enough, but when it is known that no actual tests are being applied to the gun Mr. Peel's statement sinks to the level of an evasive answer to an awkward question. Whatever further experiments may be adopted, -we trust that the weapon will not be tried a i'outtratcna mode of carrying out the process of proving sug"ested some time ago by a Government official. This wo=ld be but a sorry return to the Messrs. Horsfall for the trouble, anxiety, and expense which the manufacture of the gun has cost them. Having given the countrv a weapon which, for offence or defence, Ls acknowledged to be superior to anything ever constructed, it is for the country to prize it in a time o£ peace, that they maynse it ina'imeof war. the latter berng a contingency which may happen sooner than some of us anticipate. It is an acknowledged axiom that the best wy to maintain peace is to be prepared for war; and it IS therefore obvious that a tine of peace is the period for preparing for war. We -ere some years Iago much struck by the force of an obsorvation made by the Minister of War at Berlin. Prussia and Austria were then in inmminent danger of collision; and it was proposed to him to introduce a destructive weapon. "No," he replied, " there is now no time for the necessaiv trials. Ia times of peace we mnust prepare for war.' This is a similar text to that on which Sir William F. Wiliams of Kars so eloquently discoursed on a late occasion. If our Government be really desirous of getting rid of the gun, we can perhaps help them out of the difficulty. Ourloving cousins across the Atlantic are about to maxe Her Majesty's Government a present of the restored and renovated Arctic ship tesolute. There is hese a famoLs opportunity for Her Majesty's Government to signalize itself by an act of self-abuegation far outrivalling tat of the Americans. We have a secret for the ears of Her Majesty's Ministers. We know, from a source on which we rely, that Mr. Steers, the builder of the yacht America and the newv mail steamship Adriatic, is constructing for the United States' Government a large 31oating battery, some. what similar to our landing-stage, to be protected by formidable iron plates, and mounted with -wrought-iron gpns, to be provided by American houses-if they cans na7ke them. Now, it would only be a handsome return for the Resolute if Her Majesty's advisers were to present this 13-inch wrought-iron gun to the Yankees, as a proof that they never intend to hurt them, and trast to their generosity not to use it us a powerful argument against ourselves in the ultimate settlement of the Central American dispute. Let there be no delicacy about the matter. The gun is fairly the nation's, end its makers, who gave it to the nation, have no more cause to feel annoyed at the nation giving it away than trying it & 'oeiftrancc, Or, in event of there being any little impediments in the way of adopting this course, there is our noble ally the Emperor of the French. He is delighted with ainy improvement in the implements of warfare, and has made good use of many English inventions which our Govermnent have passed coldly by. We know, for instance, that an eminent Enghish engineer, after in vain subbmitting an invention to the British Goverument, proceeded to Baris, was at once introduced to the Emperor, who immediately retained him to build works for the carrying out his views, which we believe to be of a most important nature. Naipoleon IIm would appreciate the present of the gun, for he seems to be fully aliv to the importance of modern improvemrents. The cessation of hostilities has not put a stop to his schemes for Possessing a formidable naval force, for we hear that rnupp, the eminent iron and steel manufacturer, of Essen, is rollug plates of steel of unprecedented magnitude for the protection of the Emperor's qnnboats and floating batteries. These plates are 10 feet wide and two inchesthick. Or, perhaps, better than either of the above presentations, a peace-offering to the Emperor of Russia would be preferable. As this wrought-iron 13-inch gun is the only piece of ordnance which can be used wvith effect against tha ironshod batteries, it and others which could be made lik-e it might bereafter be the means of preserving from destruction the key of the back door to St. Petersburg. The experience of the second day's experiments at Formbywas anything but confirmatory of the impregnability of the iloatitsg batteries. WVe -were p resent when a 2B21b~ ball-wasfirdc 120 yards, with a small charge (1b.), at an iron plate 3 feet M inches by 2 feet 9 inches, 4g inches thickr, and weighing 17 cwt The plate was similar to those on the floating batteries, and it wvas supported against nine balks of timnbe:, imbedded in the sand.' It wras shattered into a thousand splinters. No floating battery in thu -world could resist the power of that gun fired at a hon" range oith the proper cbarge. Omu feet of ginboats and geatteries would be useless against ia end the present would, therefore, beall the more acceptable to Alexander. An Artillery officer, of considerable experience, and 'who-hasvseenfmuch service, was preutt at the trial to which we refer. On witnessig the effiect of the shot he expressed a belief that such a shot, from such a gun, at a moderate distance, would be suficient to destroy any floating battery in the service, and that, oven ii the battery did not sink in cousejuence of the breach, the splinters, flying in all directions, would prove terribly deetructive to the crew. Perhaps we may have adopted a foregone conclusion, although appear-ances justify our fear that the great gun is net receiving justice. As emnating fromLiverpoole -ws feel it especially devolving upon uS to keep an eys uoorits fulture, and to raise OUr -voice ainst the possibility even of any attempt beinlg made to defeat the object oE its mal;ers. it friend has suggested that it wouldnotbe an inapproDr ate destination of a Liverpool-made gun' if it were devoted to the protection of Liverpool; but it should- be reniembered, as wre have b9efore observed, thaxt the original intention was to use it against the gra;nite fortifications of Runssa. OUr friend mentions L¢ives-pool bcuse lee is acquainted with its defenculess condition *but hsia obser-rtion applies equally to all our posts What, for instance, would- prevent a ileet. of steaaye6sae's, or, to our present guns,. imrgnbloating batteries, steamng Ii? and destroying Plymouth, Portsuouth, or even proceeding to L-ondon itelf 7 Beore closing, we would observe ihat, itltouggh' the British Government appear so lukewarm, about the matter, 'with a fortight of the trial at -Formby the Morcse Steel rndIron Company had applicationss frm several foreign Governments respeting 'the gun'; and, -we beieve, thley sie nowv abont to COmmenCe the forging of 'two ethergons, - although not ofsoleaie :
FRANCE. (FROM OUM OWN COIB}:?ONDZiN.) PAR1IS, MONDAY, 6 r.1. The affairs of Spain continue to constitute- the sole topic that excites the slightest publio interest here, and even in those there is just now a lUl, although the crisis is by no means to be -con sidered as at an end. A few days will, doubtless, bring its solution. In the meantime Marshal Narvaez returned to Paris this morning, highlyr indignant at the rejection of his profitred services. He lfinda that he laboured under a mistake in supposing that he had again become " the raan of the situation," indispensable in Spain. His day may still come, but it has not yet anrived. There was a certain dignity and a firm consciousness of his own value in the manner in which Don Ramon proceeded on learning that his reatless countrymen were again at loggerheads. Down to the frontier he at once hurried, and calmly awaited the moment when his Sovereign should seek and secure safety by summoning him to her side. No ambitious vievs impelled him to action; but he stood bythe Bidassoa's banks, a type of loyalty and patriotism, waiting till lesser men should have given in, and till he, the last but sure resource, should be called upon to mount his charger, bare I7is blade, and quell Spain by his nod. He was ready when wanted, and even before he was 'wanted, and this he intimated to the Spanish Go- vernment, sending also an aide-de-cm-np to the' ,Queen with the expression of his devotion. The reply was a refusal of his offers, and a request that he would return to Paris. Here letters were some days ago received-if not from the Marshal himself, at least from persons understood to be in his intimate confidence-announcing that he had 'oeen eofIlered, and had declined, the post of Ambassador at Paris. This now proves to be totally unfounded; no offer of the kind has been made to him. There can be little doubt that if the Queen of Spain followed her own inclinations, Narvaez would soon be in Madrid. But she probably feels herself hardly atrong enough immediately to proceed further' in the path of reaction. O'Donnell, after taking one decided anrd dangerous step, clings to the spot and makes desperate efforts not to be urged onwards. After deeply compromising himself by his first acts as Premier, he seems to have perceived that he had put himself in opposition to. the only party that could save hin from rain, and his utmost endeavours are now directed to rallying that party around him. and getting himself accepted as its chief. All the private correspondence and trustworthy intelligeuce we receive from Madrid confirm this view of the subject, and indicate that he still stands by his AIanzanarea programme, and offers himself to lead the Liberals, if they will have him. We hear of his having already almost offended the: Court by his persistence in reorganis.ing the National Guard, that eyesore of Spanish Royalty. I-umerous Progresistas, who have sent in their res:gnations of important posts, have received either no reply or a refusal of acceptance. There can be 'to doubt of his wish to conciliate the Liberals, and for good reasons, for without their support his downfall is certain, and will be speedy. On the other hand, the Progresistas deliberate, and necessity may possibly bring abeut a union which at first appeared impossible. There is a terrible bairier of blood between O'Donnell and the Progresista party; and the question is whether that c.an be got over; for it were erroneous to suppose that the fierce resistance offered in MIadrid and Barcelo.^a to the installation of the new regimc was the work, as has been insinuated and affirmed, only of the Democrats. The Progresistas, the Monarchical Liberals, took up arms, as well as the men of more advanced ideas; and if Saragossa resists, and more fighting occurs, the difficulties in the 'way of O'Donnell's wishes wil be increased. One great thing in his favour is the wa2t of a chief in which the Progresistas now find themselves. According to all the accounts from Madrid, Espartero's prestige is gone, and he is dead as a political man. This is difficult to realize for those Wiio remember him only the other day as the idol of the people. Btut such, nevertheless, appears to be the case. His want of energy and decision has lost him the opinion of all classes. Some think he should have remained at any cost at the head of affairs, and have sacrificed Escosura, have temporized, if necessary, rather than have exposed the country to the convulsion it has just gone through, and which is not yet at an end. Others maintain that, having once given up the Government, his place was at the head of the Mladrid insurgents; that he should have played a bold game, and risked everything with those who rose in defence of the principles of which he was considered the representative. To discuss these and other opinions that have been put forward would lead me too far. Had Espartero thrown himself on the popular side, and it had triumphed, would he have been able to protect the throne he is pledged to support? WVhat is certain is, that the result of the inaction he thought it riight to observe has been immense loss of popularity, and, as far as we can yet ascertain, a general conviction of his incapacity for the post he has hitherto occupied. So the Progresista party, if it would avoid dissolution, must loo'k for a new chief, and it is to this difficult station that O'Donnell is believed to aspire. The papers have aunounced an approaching meeting of the party, which by this 'time has probably taken place, and to vhich much importance is attachled, as the line of conduct to be Pursued would probably there be decided upon. or the welfare of Spain it certaily is to be desired that that party should retain the direction of affairs, for, shoulld it be broken and scattered, we have nothing to anticipate but the progress of reaction, the return of Narvaez, the influence of Maria Christina, Camarillas, Court intrigues, unboundedoorrupti', the speedydeeline of thefinancialprosperitythat hag just begun to dawn upon the country-all the emi:s and infamy, in short, that pressed upon poor gpain froml1843 to I&M. As for O'Donnell's re- 3inainig in power without the support of the Liberals, it is, I thinc out of the questsion. For a short time he might fighit his way through a. host of difficulties and hosle inffuences, but there would be no security that he ahon3d not any day be sent off to collect relics from the battlefields of the Crimea, just as Narvaez, when he seemed to foreign observers firmly planted in power, was suddenly dessatched on an equally important mission to explore the archives of Vienna: It is not the army that would keep him- in his place, any more than it did Narvaez, who had pampered and petted it, and to whom it was believed to be much more devoted than any one supposes it to be to O'Donnell. Changes of Government are rather liked by the Spanish army, which generally finds its profit ia tLem. We are still without any positive news from Saragossa. This may be owing to the small number of trcopa that can as yet have arrived before the place, but we heag of others marehing thither from various points, ,and something decisive may be expected socaT, The' telegraph is about to be re-established,. doz:btles3 bv-a circuitous wire, onnecting poinat on this an&tfhe other side of the town. It isjerilly believed that the article on Spanish afsirs nm yesterday8 Afon i3 Lq- fom the pen of -tlae Ewperor.r None of to-day's papers make any con - o~iit wosroth mentioningr wvith the exceptiodt ¢te, which has tic following remarks:- *e eicReof te Sf7iitur l. inou views, "of coasiderable im?ortance. {ecLfer8 ta @ !Governmeats exe cellent.consel. -It nust crush the ambition of those men who os the arst- sanoncement of the sad intelligence froni Spain hastened to the frontlr.4 towards those Pyrenets. which cnaaione f.ll oidisappear befite the noble exchang, oF fS~e id>as hebi~semtte Sp3ansh and French nationsi The .Morriteur depEctsv with great crreetness the various crises through which Syain has passed within four years, thamiks to thssezunintclllgent, a now uiided Ministers who ina perio d ofpcae, ywhen it was only necesssry to euter b oldly ntoihep* p fpro gress, deDiberately o ffered defi= ce to a; brave ani~I~ij? ~Wejou d nol.fa to .experience'pleastire on petusiDgttbealusionJa contained ini the officialnoto in favour of the,pinciples of i7&9 but't it XC. -.lt f6ruz 'to ~dmit~iit-thkoe attenpt of -OYDo el i nft atcou,p ?CODItif oubtlehg"ssQeeV o .i .senadit p e: 3ectrgtht of thelifig er4h.fiieiwrer 6;nubetitus -tio'n of O'Donnell for &pai:t;roasd jia.oil.laguiesa *a-itt legal; but tue me sireB-wliclif@.loiedit 'ar ;'a-vio1aiton of ;ho con'stitution; ~Thi'!violhtion emmeced--&tthe they bad assembled inzvirtue of. the.swf a were oil he 'pointof laying thei.jriefs resilybfibre iD cneen.- TEe Ji,niteu2 offers doistte*sethe * s,idatior Qf the l2stEisc-; tions despatched to thc French mubassador, aDa revcali th poliey'which shoildi-e folowedby OYDoineU. tBy thro)aLug a well-merited blame on the acts and, tendencieso!'t7i MTinisters devoted i the Q l -eother. i.ia Crsixm, it indicates suflicient. thatht;e isynpthioe-of the French Govermnent would not ba; morefavourablo to the reaction of Warvaez than to a Carlist orrmonkish r6acion. Without wishing to incriminate intentionsj inerenarkingsQ much misfortune, so much -lboi ed, au' honest :olks will rzegret, as we do, that O'6Yonnell, should -not have compre. bended the amount of. strength lost to the constitutional monarchy, and .the evils' prepared Ifr-te latter, by the ab sence of Espartero; they will regret still 'more that he should not have comprehend&d eIiatl'e war but au instrment in the hands of tho Camaria, who wouldendeavour tb free themselves from -him on the hnorrow of the victory ifter having expressed our ophdion on the political bearing of the note in the fqneteutr, Yre 'ieed scarcely add that we do net share its views vwith respect to the Ministry of Espartero. The official jonrns.I: h"s not taken intQo sufficient considerAtion the difficulties which beset ;tht Admainistra'ion, and which were unveiled by the sad events lately witnesed- in the Peninsula. We approved the liberal. and democratic tendencies. of Espartero; and we believo that the Afoniteur, only recently in astate of alarm, has at this day too great a confidenee in the speedy re-establishment of the tranquillity of the country of local liberties and of I There is a report this afternoon that orders have been sent to M. Turgot at Madrid not to quit' hi3' jiDst for the.prement,. The Monsi6etr publishes a report,to the Emnperor: fromM1. Billault. 3inister of the Lnterior relative to the intention of the Government, as manifested durinig the latelegislative session, to remove certanll prohibitions from the present Custo.ms' ariff After alluding to- the fact that the Com ittee of the Legislative lBody ndminated to examine the 3suject-, had not had suflicient time to come to a conclusion, the report. says:- . " Inspired by a truly national idea, that of placing the Customs' sysem innFrauce in harmony with the high position which her manufactures havo achieved in the world, the object of the bil presented to the Legislative Body was,' while destroying useless prohibitions, to protect by sulciently heavy duties-as was announced and repeated officially-the interests of French ltabour. Certain representatives, however, of the branches of manufacture intereced in the proposed reform raised objections, and opposedthe views taken byyour Governmaent of the permanent inquiry opened and centralized on al questions connected with the Customs. They demanded that a new audspecial inquiry should be instituted into the state of their branches of manufacture, and into the degree of protection which each required in order to defend it against foreign competi. tion. The apse of time which mnust take place before the -resumption of the ihbours of the Legislative Body will flow of this supplementary information being obtained, wvhich, 'although it has ndt been considered as indispensable in principle, will no' be the lcss usefuL Your- ajesty therefore decided, on my pToposition, that the wish expressed in the name of certain branches of manufuctures should be acceded to, and charged me to seek out the best and most suitable mode of carxring on the inquiry demanded." The 'report thLn proceeds to observe that in the time of the old Governmenta the Superior Council of Conumerce had been called on to investgate the following products :-In 1828-29, sugar and iron; 1832-33, coals; 1834, prohibited goods.; 1837, linen threads and clotlis; and in 183$, woollen threads. Article 3 of the decree of February 2, 1853, instituting the new Superior Council of Commerce, imposes on to that body the duty of making similarinvestigations, and the Minister proposes to employ tbat body to continue the task left unfinished by the committee of the Legislative Body, and to send in a report. As theSuperiorCouncil of()ommercehadlost two of its members, the Duke de Mouchy and lL Legentil, the President of the Chamber of Commerce of P>aris, the report proposes to appoint to the vacant places M. Gtermain Thihaut, the Present President of the Chamber of Commerce of Paris, and M. Clere, filltng a similar post at Havre. An Imperial decreefollows, carrying out the sugges. tions of the report. The following is the text of the address delivered by Marsal Baraguay d'}Iilliers at the farewell reviev of the troops at the camp of Boulogne:- *'Gentlemen,-The camps are about to be raised and the arry of the North sent to other quarters. You have received orders to march to Paris, and I can readily conceive the joy you feel at the change. I should share in that pleasure were it niot that I feel the most lively regret at quitting regiments and officers with whom I have served for 18 months, who have given me so much cause for satisfaction, and whom I have been so proud to command. I know not what the future may have in reserve for us, but if my wishes are gratified we shall again meet, and in that case I shall rely on you, as you may always depend on me. We are aU animated with the same sentiments of devotednCEs to our cousitry ancd to the Emperor, and we shall always rally to the cry of ' Vice Z' Emrpereur /" The commercial situation of Paris has not changed, anrd the present stagnation of affairs is likely to last a fortnight or three weeks longer. Some demands for a-,-tices de Paris were received this week from England, and the last packet from the United States brought orders from New York for Paris and Lyons manufactures. The latter, however, cann6t be executed, on account of the rise which has lately talen place in the price of tissues, The exportation for Spain has completely ceased, and the orders forwarded prvious to the insurrection have been withdrawn. The accounts fror the fair of Beaucaire continue to be satisfactory. Numerous purchasers from Piedmont, Central Italy, Corsica, &c., have presented themselves, and bought up a great portion of the silk andcotton goods on sale, The neighbouring farmers, who for the last two yearsdisc posed*of their produce to great advantage, were also purchasing largely, and it was believed that all the cotton stuffs sent from 3Ronen to Beaucaire wvould find buyers before the close of the fair. Cereals- have maintained their prices, but the tihme is not distant when the holders of wheat and Slourr will be compelled to abate their pretensions. If. the crops have been indifferent in the south, they promise to the north of the Loire the most abundant produce. The flour available on the Paris market was still scanty, and the price of the best quality maintained itself at 101f. 50c. per sack of 157 kilogranunes. Transactions, however, were very limited. Contracts for future delivery were eflected at lower rates-that is, at 841, 50c. for the last four months of the year. Prices would have already declined, if orders did not continually reach, from the south and south-west of France. The stock remaining in the. alle on Saturday was only 11,222 metrical quintals. The harvest in Algeria is not so abundant as was expected. In mo3st of the eastern and southern provinces of Spain the produce is inferior to that. of an average year. In the Danubian provinces, at Odessa, Marianopoli, and even Taganrog all the wiheat on handwas being exported. Pdrices had sQmevhat increased in those places in consequence of the inundations in France and the scantiness of the stock. Cattle still shows an upward tendency in prices. The temperature has been for the last fortnight extremely favourable to the vines; wines of a good quality, nevertheless, keep-up their prices, and those'of an inferior sort, being less inquired after, alone,ite way. Languedoc. brandy hasiisen in all the markezs., The hectolitre, sells for 20af. at Paris ah&,Bords,eu and the spirits extracted. from .beef; for,160f; z Paris and l6Q2E.ta B3ordeaux. ,TheoTree per Cent&. closed to-day at70f. 90c. for the end- of the month, anttlie 3ew Loan it 71f. ac.; Orleais Railway shares, 1I400f. Grdat Northern, l,0- 0f.; Strasburg, 95f., neaw share4, 861f.'25c.; Paris and Lyonsu s,4 ,£.;,Lyoas to the. Mediterraneaix 1;840f Western of ,lFraAee 966f. 25c. 1 Brdeauxi2 and Cctt, 7692f, 50c ; GreatCennil~ of Eace 3f06. 25.i ,Lyons and Geneva, 807f. S0c.; Bixnkof. 0r&h MoEllerj, 1O0f; Aiustrnanflallway3,867f SOc - i Courfs Auellessciqu. PAns, Juy 28.- ,-Cssh Prices. ,Fosurii-and lf per Cenf. (nzot reimburable for 10 ears L4f' 3f PO hsC f ditto seconid -hoan a :-IS55 (65 per' cerit; .I 93f. SOc , ditto' Certilicafes ('165-Pet cent ¢ieid), 93f.- ;Bour pe.r Cnst,2, 'T hzeeer Cents 7 jf.5c a1f. 70. 85c, ldit a f S5c 7f; Biak of France,4,OSOf., Credit Fonoer, 67ifk ditto ,Obligationsou 6fFu e Cns,40.,at Cents. Prom. phree pf r Gent.-6 53; t:S rdd f7,of.r* 1,flgo LS Z654lf. 1A66flO )son'Bn,0f~lf--idsjts (noo o-er Cow t.. 5 AIMPtNaaEiXs per Cents., 37.1; Spas-eecneesib,'4',-lt Three pe n CeCtsf, 44;e ditto Intetit ikebtn 39ei V3rs9. xd s tbnnte otn Lodon.ar oM t 21A no,-.h c.; mO.eg t,be --ixfit Csf 6 ; 4--.~ f thvi t q .20l,.j1h months. xnay5 . 2_r'; II - uld'. ", .il,..- ... f '0r ', 0. f, th6 -Nothingpoaitive has y i' r rarepcigte Curriency Confereces; but i is.geieSall unde-rstoodC .hal the standard of21i' fo-the fine (Colo gnie)nmarl i8 to be sntroducedj istesih of hat of 20fl; wich change Bwculd imfake~ dsIforencof 6 pz!r cen.t tlth& value of The Austriaii dirrehoy'. The enefmies o Austia;in:Geimany-aund'hnf,oriiite1y,forherthieir name is, le,,ion--have IIoWif ,piea4d'tho report that :B.ron'Bruck intends '.to- {eadi.-anfae of'-t'he' above-mentioned deterioriion,n 6o the currienicy: in: oider to reduce the b te oi inferest of -he iiationFl debt. The common -versmton' is, .that the holderi- of Government stock are at'fo dista perio'd f6ob6 iaid in the newar instead of the oldi cairencey, w1ich on 5 per cent. stock wouaa; mike a difference' oF 15 kreutzers, 4.451. at the present standard of 20 being equivalent to' o., 'at, a standard of 21 Now Baron -Bruck was a merchant' Ib*fre Bee: ¶#aF a Miniister, and, s he knows full! ell that the recent frightful deterioration of ier,cur-I-' rency Mss principally-owing to-the recolle'ti6-n e of t4e faithless conduct of- the Austrian Government towards its creditors in 1811'and 1816, you may rest assured that he will not imitate the example of Count Wallis, who was Minister of Finance whien' tihe unjustifiable measures just. alludea to- wei?e taken. It is extremely difBcult to obtain positive 'idformation on finan6iali matters,- but it is credibly: stated that if the standaxd of 21 fD. to the fine mark should be introduced the holders of State bonds of 100 fB. will-receive instead of them bonds for 105 Bl.- and so on in the same proportion. o The Dutch are the principal foreigancreditors on -Austrian paper, and as they continue to buy -Government stock -to- .- large amount it imust be concluided that-their renrei4ntative at this Court,-who is" most astute' dfploinatist, has implicit confidence, in the rectitude of Baron Bruck and his colleagues. - The sanguine Viemntesw fRatter themselves that-the Bank mill sobrr r6sume its - cash- payments, but an experienced iancier itells me "that a vast deal of water will flow iuto the Black Sea" before it will be in a position to do so. For the furtherance of Catholicism in Central E.urope, His Majesty the-Eraperor has granted permission to .all the Catholic Unions (:'l'--) in Germany and Austria to send deputativ Finin Upper Austria, where a conferen-,c ,sl flom the -23d -until the 25th of Set-teni -. Al- though the time granted is so ,iho.u people here' seem to fancy that it- is too long for - tlhe welfare of the State. The prevalent opinion is tlat the Ultramiontane party will not be able to realise its plan for the restoration of the power of the Roman Pisntiffs, but -some of- my more zealous Catholic friends assure nie that the great lpubiic has not the least conception of -the influence and activityo£ the "countless" agents of the -Papal Governmnent. That it has foreigln and native agents in this city wvhose influence is paramount is a factwhich is as well known to every servant or workoian as it is to the higher classes. Every now and then; letterafrom the "Legations" are shown me, and their 'writers agree in stating that the ignorance and corruption of the great bulk of the- clergy in the dominions of the Chiurch exceed all belief. In one of the letters,whichwaswrittenby anAustrian,is the foUowing remarkable passage-" Not one-hundredth part of the abominations commnitted by the Administration of this unhappy country is known in foreign countries." Count Gyulai arrived here last night from Milan, whence he was summoned by electrictqlegraph. It is possible that His. Majesty wishes to receive from the General some oral iformnation relative to the state of Lombardy, but it is stated in. military circles that General Baumgartneri-, who was recently sent from AIayence to Mlarshal Badetzky, is likely to play a prominent part in the A,stro-ItaLian provinces. General - Baumgartner, who was but a captain eight years ago, is generally considered one of the most distinguished officers in the Austrian army, and is said to know how to combine thes suavitar in modo- with the foriteer in. re, which is -very rarely the cas39 -with' the 'military - men of this country. -It'. ia considered probable.:that Major-General CountCrenneville will be raised -to the rank of LieutenantField-M1arshal, and then receive another appointnient, as his position in Parma is anythiing but agreeable. The draught of a. new law of conscription or enrolment has been 'drawn up, and will soon be 1lid before the Emperor for his sanction. The principal features of the law are said to be the following :-The obligation to enter the army begins with the end of the 20th and lasts until the completion of the2St'th year. The recruits are to be divided into five classes, and as a rule only the first and second (the men of 21 and 22) will be taken. The period of service is eight years, three of which may be passed on furlough. After the eight years are at an end the sQldier enters the so-called "reserve" for two years more, and in case of need is liable to be called into active service. Ai you were informed a few days since, young men who are being educated for the Church, and oIier "ddistiguished" students, axe exempt from military service. It has been decided by the Ministers of Public Instruction-and of the Interior that the Jews in Austria. shih etablish public schools for their'children, and that at their owrt expense. On the 18th instant the King of- Prussia visited Prince Metternich at his chateau-of Konigsawrt. Apartments have - been taken at Baden, a watering-place near this city, for the ex-Hospodar of Wallachia and his wife.
FIRE NEAR COVENT- CARDE MARKET. Yesterday (Tresdag) morning, at an early hour, a fie of a mes'c disastrous character, and attended with a great destruction or damage of property. happened in the extensire oil, colour, and Italian warehouse, 25, JaU.es-street, Cqvent%garden1 belonging to Mlessrs. Jaquet and Co., bac under the nanagement of Mfr. Itobert Bernett, who for seyeral yearg has hWAd the superinteddence of the establishment. It wduld appear t4eat 't tbetitn-o of the misfortdue, anid ,after the preini4es had been elosed overnight, Mr. Bennett went, as was his usual custom, into thiefront shop, arid, faiding a hslf-gillon measure filled 'with spirits of turpEntine,-wbich had leaked through the 4cck -i the cistern, hq pt outtthegas, inpi-der,. as heimained, toavoidan: acci^dent by thle spirits taMug fire, aiid provided himiself oily with a single lighted candle. ' This he placed at some distance from'.the cisterns contaninlg tte oils, turpentine, ridd varnishies but, from some caute which at pregent cannot be ascertained,-as Mlr. Pennett was in the act of emptying the measure into the cistern the contents became ignited, aidbthe flaines encircled the unfortunate man, who, in uis endeavonirs to sive' his wife'and three children, who were in the back pailour, separated from the shop and stores by only a tbin woodeui and glated partition, rushed out with the measure in his hands, and' the blazing contents ascending over'his head; for -the purpos 'of throwing it down.- stairs. Unfortunately the turpentine in the shop also took fige, and the ,spirits in a thorough state of ignition ran throogh the woudworklof the two combartments, and feW over Mrs. Be1inett and thres of 'shr chihdren, who were in the parlour-preparing to go to-bed.'"The'screams of thepoor I silfferers immuediately aronsed the other oc6upants,. who. hid retired to .res, bit Who' fortunately Were enabled to e'e6b a. safe. retreat frem the burning, premises in their ni-htclotheS . X strong body of..the F division of police, under 3It. Superintendent Durldn, h once procceded t .thd spot,.and b great exer'ion they succeeded in clearing s8 many .of tho; market- carts away as to allow of a pace soihicient for the esigines to pass along; they also 'assisted: to remove the in'itred persons to the Charing-cross.-Hospital. . . The engines .of theparish,~flveof theI.London estahli.'ih. ment, and that of the West of Einglald Company arrived a8 soon as possible, and, aplentifl supIply of the eow River, water having sbeen obtained, the-firemen soon -succeeded in: el tiaguishing'the flames,'whi'ch were confined principally to the shops and'parlour. . : IIpon conveyingM.r Bennett, his wife, andthree children. thit hospital they were all found to be terribly, and, It is" feared, fatally injured, dIr. Bennett being so dreadfullhy b vrnt over the head,;fa d, and arms that his features cAnnot, be recognized. ,His unfortunate .w,fe, from the statemeou sb'e has sinceniade, msde an attempt to run with 'eri'iifaut e& d6w&itr.irsafterkeWhusbinl, anl wis alrnost, if niitt .qtiec, as badly burnit. Everything that humallity or sur; gucaI ill can deviso 'U,beihgi,anne for the unfortunate alfYerers by the medical oficers of -the :hb-oitaL. T jThe folIoa'in'g.ls.ist'ofithe'uiujred: . M-. RIobert Bennett, fearfully burnt.overithe atres, face, it4d head." .$ . . ,.,, _ , iMrs. Mary Bennett, similarly injured-over the face,-'head ; and'nueck. - -- ' ''' -"; ''' ^ :'ary Bennett,Athe -yonger;'terribly burnt. ';Winn. Bennett, ,,ed 12, considerablybnrMt over the body 'A. tn infiint c;i d;ab5nxtunixn montls cold, abo sereonsiyhpiit over its .body... . - .. i : I .M : The same ,familyinst. with a -simil3r terinble accident in *phe' sa;ne Pei'siisei in ':&pil, SSo, lwhen a anantity pfy gutnpow^der exploded, and the lad nanied Williani Bennett ws *.hen so dreadfully burnt that lie wasobliged-to be.takenl .to thre same ienstatutionx,. . . . -j : :Ir Jaqustet;sinsirxr.d in th9..Phsrer:i;and Sun Sji5" ' The' rmetlnhol-erent has: caiis aSpeisful ses"at,on *throaghoa't theentire neighbourhood,
I - rAUST9ALA. I ,, -,J( . PF,iOD E I 'NB.)i - *VP s;> 1 -i XESOURNRE, ATh. 30. I wtote on -the 25th inist. by the Eaxl of -S6fton, and, although 6 san unwill-ing to Allow the- Oliver Ia$gt'o sail witho.ut a letter ery littlo ha8 occurred 'wmithinj.he st f,ew dAays'to 7 Lteres the.distat reader, Thne -Kent, from Londbn anidthe mai]hipTJoseph Tarratt- &rnvedn the ifternooil offthi' 28tli (JIonday) fhe . tA ' wI*ne ay4 rn d. good .pawsaes,' .though.inotaXdecided 'ippsrhsiuamde i o . passage fsoni olymouth in69 dayu. This tnds mviry to ilulIte th ivantag.eof the auxilisry' * srew, iponwhick IdWrelt .t somje' length in mny ,last. ;S.he had .aomei c'iE ..sand 3 good deal .of light wrind.-:; She had, I-a -informed, more . zthatiii. average number-'of days' on which atejiiwuld have been of advatage, and there Eeemnno-reason to,doubt that at leIst 10 days ght 'ave;e sayed Eso her v.yage haa she -been fitt with a screw propeller, worked by an engine -of n6derato porer, suitedtojher-tonnage. 'She has an excellent. captilr,'andthere` caw be no doubt that her hloit passages 'havs' been owing in a great 'nm ±e' eto-, his jukdgment4. experience .and. I skill. 'She Is *orth'y' of a screw; but the tradea oE' the eolony' deserves, and'. public opinion. demifids, ratiier moie 4peed than the Kent ean. boast.-* The 'clippers of the 'Black Ball line havemade- the passage from' Liverpool in 65, and to 'Liverpool in 63 days. I cannet" :doubt that -with screws they. wondulxedaueo-the time below. 59 days, 'perhapa to 55 days, or even less.. Screws they.must of necessity have, or. the new auxiliary screws of-the Eagle-line will effe'ctually take the wind out of their s sails. . The public h&e'r -are not satisfied with eith'er the Black Ball or White Star Ene. Their plan seem-is to have been to have two,'three, or four very fast clippers, on the rapid passages of which they might ~found a reputation, attached, not to the indi- .vidual ship, but, to the mystic ,Black Ball - or White Star. Having done that, they tpalm off upon MI. 'Rowlanid: Hill ar.d03 -on the colony a sucedssion of ihien' s "We have the Sardinian, nowr out 101 dal -,: .>btXhe 1 Earl of Sefton and Ben Nevis are oiOt muFi Iteter. 'The mailship just il was out 83 days. I repeat "vyha' Tsaid. in may lest, that all ships competing for 'rtia" -'d passengers must have screws; the - L. -ton mriiDowners must. have faster sailers to wom: pe: o. 'faI terms with the Black Ball clippers (plus I 'icrcr, -) while the Liverpool owners 'must improve their fare and fqb treatr.ent of their. pes3engers, * and for that purpose must in some cases improve thqe class and character of their captains. They *'ahave, no doubt, some very superior men, but the records of our police-courts, and even of oursupreme . courts, show that some are of a very rude and inferior clas. An.ong the passengers by the Royal Charter is the Rel- Dr. Scoresby, known some 36 years ago as t'aptaui Scoresby, jun., who wrote a very interesting oook on' the North Polar voyage. At an ad> anced age he has put- himself on board the Royal Charter for the purpose of scientific observation, cliefly connected 'with magnetism,' and especially the state- of the compass in iron ships. He has ,Iwritten a very interesting letter on the voyage 1of the Royal Charter. Rude as some people *think our state of society, we have, nevertheless, " a scientific public" here. The mem'bers of the Philosophic Institute, and others, entertained Dr. Scoresby at dinner yesterday, and I understand he was sc ircely prepared to find so large a 'body of persona pursuing science in its various branches. Dr. Scoresby will return in the Royal Charter. She makes thie homeward passage round ICape Horn, and not, as the Great Britain did, by 'the Cape of Good Hope, entailing a fortnighxt's . " dead beat" to weather Cape Lewin. As she sails on the 22d of May, she nmay anticipate this letter. It will' be recollected by such of your' readers as take an interest in the affairs of New South Wales that what. is caled the nominee elements in their new constitution-i. e., the Nominee Second Chainter-meetwitha gooddealof oppositionoutof doors, and sonme also in the Co-uncil. It was asserted that " the people" were opposed to that feature in their greatreform bill, and that the Councilwhich passed it did not' represent public opinion. T4is was denied by Air. Wentwtorth. So far as.Sydney is concerned, ,r.odoabt,' public opiion has int fact pronounced ' itidlf"' against the. Nomininb l3pper. C:hamber, but I .generally the elections: have gone in favour of the constitution as it exists, lov soon the representative assembly and the nomiinee council will | come into conflict cannot as yet be foreseen; that .theyvwill do-so sooner or later I have no doubt. I'n this colony-a very large majority is in favour of our Representative Uipper Chamber, so fat as its elective constitution is concerned, and the elections 'will txun bn other questions. I think the 53d clause, granting 50,0001-. in aid of ministers of religion and religious wvorship, will -be the prominent bone of contention here. Some Eects reject it on principle; and they say it is 'unjust to those who have cons^ientious serutples against it to tax them in support of otlier denominations. If the State votes a sum of money-to.be divided, according to populations, iamon g different religious sects, I do not see how, as conributor to the general revenue, the Jews, Mahcrmedans, s.id the Chinese can fairlybe excluded. The difflculties in the 'way of the question are not |mall, and the consequences of hasty decision may he serious, and yet candidates Will have to decide if, '3 I exDect, the elections should turn on the question. ;Thare is'noiroia for compromise. .Aiother question, upon which many, perhaps niost, elections will turn, is that of the property qualification for memberslof -both Houses. For the 'Ulpper Hiouse the candidate is requirod to possess ! real property worth 5,0001. 'or yielding 5001 a-year I -for the hssembly .2,001. or yieldin 2001., 10 per I cent, being considered the 'antnual value ofE letable lands and houses. 'This -is 'certainly not a popular' feature in the act, -And is "opposed by some of the c.indidates who have as yet declared themselves. I urincr the last session bafn onie of the Council of | ictoria'a bill was passed to allow the mininag districts to send members, and under that act 'eight miningmembers obtained: seats inthe House. No otber qualfficatior. is required, except the possession. ot the rrtinret rights', fo' which the shiner pays 11. .This'is virhually universal sunffaEe, and. it' is now i qkad, if it-be deemed proper -to confer universal suffrage on the miners as -a class, why not on masons or carpenters? There seems no -sohltion buit to .take the 'suage universal. It is almost so now, aud the great advantage of rendering it quite so I will?be to get rid of- all the expense of revision andregistration. To retLurto New Sonth Wales. Some attempts I .hlave been; made to form a3Ministry-the first, t- I sponsible Ministry under- the new constitution. Mr. Dtieas Thomson, so long Colonial Secretary, tried and failed.' Mr. 'Donaldson has, undertaken the niatter, and on,the 26th, our latest date, 'was enpected;to succeed.- -: - ' - 'ine of our newspa4lers has reports, " on autho- .ri.ty-upon-which wplace; ,reat 'reliance" (probably-. Captaisi' Olar..e, the: aSurveyor-Oenerr 'formerlySirW.' Denison s pri-vate siecretary, and said torbe ir@ated to hu), that Srr Willal njerjsii :is nnley'. to succeed Sn' C. H1ot>ham as (iovernor of 'Victoeria. It is true Sir Cbarles's death 'could net have been knawn at our latest Englihsdate(February 17), soan to raise the question of--his-successor; hut it is undtrstood SL. Charles wished'to resign before, and -on that it: nay have been determinei- to send him there. - If Sir William i iad 'been sent here - 18 -nontbs' auo, I think even 'his lauding would have ' been resisted. * The ev'ils of trarnspor- 1ation were so severely felt -here, and' he! wasgo conrecteclwith the continusAce of that syvtem;', ',b,vr eperate steps would Ihave been resorted 't to, keep lhii OuIt.' -Mofeovri rtlhe officers of this, '(,o1e-nmentp'ised somevery-strong, I-imaystyabu-' 3: ve're3o1utio0ns.- hinabl ctuondimfatat of Iird Greyi' Is nd Sir WV D3enusson as his'in'sttument. ' But strong,5 jei¶en'siand the tendency-to violent- action- become Weakened by time, and, althoi,gh he might not nowy 1I '-well or 'aarinly-rceaved, ho *ould not be person-- ,ally insulted,:irs I believe he would: have been an .l54. Veneration forthe wielders of power is very 4cnsriciious zin coelonies. -Tawrta?na, aftier havi&ew oppused SirW Densikin for years, &-ve him a teati- otLtal (which; h6wetier, fhe Secietaiy of State made lAn diisorge)- 'and'':s tnfimpb '.on! iliS. depar- ti 1If 1 ' :3; enmson should be, able to: , g'o-srin uas a-'constitutitanal 4'eprEaentatiivo of thle CroWi,i hi.3Heat-akirn aS din:eOngisieer' and his oz ive' tilents and energy would be of benetit to tlhsT' colonys W :Nitdk a't'ir ive-nstiututonal MimSstr;:has-' -fiuit,-'of cbaia~ct wtoujldli kept awa aeyance, and' hs sv-tefulnecs dluld stAud&ut- an bold tlief ,: S±tb a!; *eakand -jliad tESe4?dtuve^, he-- ould miot be"s'o- ad;uccOssAfla fVrnx6tWJ.r 1 -Jfee ', Y-- ' i !1;i - , - On c¢ircnn stiaucei'tWuld, s' :thmkL-i:coute:to hisonad-t 'HIe istitut>lar (Gotersutor GenLeral nfStheAiustra 2iau conies, *an& t rhe i readence of the. Governor GeDiern being' -iihg-rod - Sydney -ixelbo,i 'would give a.metopolitan character,to eMe f itpleid,tt&e ItrBiliready the to fthe Can mD ;Prly';tlugh0a. excellont, amible'- iua in. 20 ext.'ie1y '-." ow. Ohurcb"2i to be.''acaely ,, hdi, i6dxntha,ey,es of thei other Biihp,- an- i1het lhen S;ertr o,f,Stnat, the D)uke of Nlwccati9, Xwrastier inclirz6 to-.the, Triictarianechoo te. .Sche6e - aenot prosecut The supply! of gold lanwecJ wan only 49,792 oz., inciudihgl5;354or. Ofrm the 0ve. The whole. quantity received tbia year is 962,038'ozi, inathe 8hait 2ippedI,055,^e85 oz., valued at 4,221,54(K. tha- rice 'a 31:16s. Od., ana it is. knolF. that a good deal in. kept btek for ½her prices, -which, howvever, cnot be d fonlde.
I |f THST PEUBLIC OFFICES. 1The following is a sum*ry of the propoasals contaised in Sir C. E Trevelyajsa evidence elative to the consolidation of thb pblic offices- . "That a buildiiig be ~erkeet betwieen th Ba'nquetting. hLouse and the iviiea~for the Wa-jDepartmnent (including the hiad-quarter offices at the Home-r rs accoring - In Jom i's designs for Ithal Pahlze, or an adjtltion emr ha,n one faoe towardste Houses ofTPariament, ivother towrs Chaing-crs, and.a third towards the ."That the Horse Gurds and lad Doref's honwe l Theni senjoved, in order. that Whitehal Palaoe,uay be opened to -St. Jxameg's Park, and:-that St. James's Park may be eztended on either side of Whitehall Palace, -to the Thaimes. "That the Some'et-house- and WEitehall branches of thie Admialty be brought together in s block of buildings to be constfrctedbetweez the site of the Horse Guards and Chai"g-ekoss, in - extnsion of the existing Adioiralty, hviing one face towards the street and another towards the I park, and that the houses in Spring-gardens be removed and ai opening made between St. Tamegi,s Park ind i'¶Thattheexistmgnk line Of the'puhlic offices be extended from-the eorner of Dowring-test. to thbe corner of Great George-street, forming one side of -a spacious square, the otber sides of wvhich vroudd be towards the Abbey, the Park, and the Admrailty. - ,"That the civil departments of the Governmentbe accommodated in this - sqare, with their dependent offices grouped around them. Thus,- the General -Pay-office and the superintending establishments of the different branches of the pjblic revenue would bp brought into immediate oonnexiori ith the-Treasury; the Chief Socretdy for Ireland, tie,ord-Advocate of- &otland, the Board oHealth, the Conwct Department,.and the p Inspectors of Prisons, Mines, anid Factories, with the Secretary of State for the Home DeIartutnent, and so forth. ' That the space between the line of civil offces and the n,ver,'and betweern Her Majesty's ancient Palaee of Westm,tnster nd-Whitehall Palace, be then cleared of build- " Thtat Somerset-house, which would be left tenantiess by thiese arraugements, be reappropriated as may be most for tb~e public advsstage. If italbuld be determined to miake peovision for the courts of law (including the Court of t:iancer, and the E:cclesiastial, Testamentary, and Admtyjuridictions) at. Somerset-house, it3night be done -ot of the surpluw unused legal Deposit Funds, and the emiistiog buildings at Somerset-house would furnish sccommodatiout for the variouts legal offices, including the registCes of wills, judgments, kc. ;" That, in order to bring' the Houses of Parliament and thte public offices into immediate oounexion with the courts ad lsnna of law and with the-city, and to relleve the existsng overcrowded thoroughfares, a railway be constructed, according to the most approved arrangements, along the river bank from Westmi,nster to the city, in connexiozi with the works for purifying and embankft'g the Thamtes, and that the - most ready meanis of communacation by electric telegraph be e.tabh-hed between the courts of law and the inns of law and Houses of Parliiment. - >'Tbatn committee be- appointed, co'sistingofpersons carefully selected, as best, quafied on account of their experience and ability, - to advise the First -Commissioner of Works and the Goveriment in respect to- i"' L The relative7situation of the different offices - `"2. The order of time in which they should be bhilt,' the precedente -being "iven to the War Department and the Foreign-office; ana " 3. The most convenient interior arrangements for the several offices; and "'That tbefollowing steps be taken in reference to all the new buildings:- " L'1. That general specifications of toe several buildings be publisbed, and the architects of every country be invited to send in plans and elevations. " 2. That, when received, these designs be exposed for a sufficient time'to public view, and that the selection be made after fil discussion and mature deliberation. *" 3. That, when the plans and elevations have been resolved upon, detailed specifications and working drawings be prepared, in ordei' that the constroction of the buildings maybe put up to competition in suitable portions; and y. That everythng connected with this undertakinbe done upon the sole personal responsibility of the Firyt Commssioner of Works acting under the excecutive Government; early and full information relating to every important step being submitted to Parliamnent."
PUBLIC TYORES IN l.YDIA. TO THE EDDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In the debate on the Indian budget of the 21st inst. there appears the following atatementwithreference to the public vorks in India,-that some were commenced without due considerationI and, as an instance, "that a proPosal was submitted to Government for the construction of a road from Lahorr to Peshawnr, at an expense of 14,0001. a mile, or half the expense of a railroad, and a railway has now been projected over nearly the same ground." The facts of the eae are these:-At the annexation o' the Purjab there existed a mere track between TAbore and Peshawar, a. distance, aS then travelled, of 300 miles. For 30 iiile6 the way lay in the bed of a torrent, which is subject torise with sudden impetuosity, so that travellers and their property were liahle to be swept away, or lost in quicksands. Four large rivers intervened between the I capital and the several nilitary stations of the Punjab on the road to Peshauvur, for crossing which there were a few elmnsy and insecure ferryboats. It was absolutely necessary tohavea good military communication between the seat of Governmentand the frontier. In a coantry thegreater part of which is as difficult, on account of physical obstacles, as Scotland or Wales, and where sometimes two inches of rain fall inan hour, the road has been opened at tho small cost of 2O000. a-mile, the minor drainage bridged, and floating bridges have been laid over the great rivers, so that your may travel in a carriage froin Lahore to Jhelum, a distance of a hundred miles, in 10 hours, and for a hundred miles further at an average Tate of eiht milea anhonr. At a further outlay of about 2,0001., orforabout 4,0001. a-nile, the road may be completed and metalled. If a railay should be made on the same line, the gradients and curves of the greater portion will answer for it, but if the railway should take another route the present road will be absolutely required. The Punjab has been annexed for six years, and, considering the time that has elapsed since the commencement of Indian railroads, the mass of work still to be done, and the great quantity of freight required to carry out the ironwdrk; and making every allowance for the undoubted skill and talentof the railway department, they cannotexrpect to 6pen a railway from Lahore to Peshawur under six or seven yeas, unless iron be speedily found and turned into rails neir at hand.' Was the counatr to have renmained 12 or 13 years without a road? What would have been said if the late war had disturbed our north-west frontidr,' and: found our Government so unprepared; or if thb fanatical Mahomedana of the countries bordering] : hF Indus had raised as religtous war, a war of exterminatiln against all infidels, asthey did in the days of Bunjeet sIrgh, and might do again to-morrow under favourable circeAstances? nThey would have beea more difficult to put aiwirthan the Santals. But the late Governor-Generalxad the local Administrstidn determined to a.wticip%te any such events. The country wasopened outin all directions 'by practicable roads, awnd police stations were established on all frequented lines. Htzar a mountainons distriet which had been a peruetual thorn in the side of the Sikh5 Government, was laid open by a trunk road, and is xtow:as safe for travellers as any part of Ifdia. The crossroads have been- made on the mosteconomical scale,-and if- -on the g?eat tre line of a countrv like tho Punjab, yielding a revenue considerably above a million a*d a quarter sterling, something more has been spent u4der the stimnulus givenE by the general call for pnbtLe works in India, and the loudly-announced intention to devote large sams in future to that purpose, the home Go,,yekrnmient should not be induced by the pressure of teunpe4rary circumustances itw,qusurrel 'with the goo- that has been d6ie, buf, shouldrdemember that tho public works in thbe TPinjab, g tig hand-is-'hand -with th^e civil orgaiizationi, ive greatly contributed to- the tranqidility of tht once. toghtlentt country, and tInt insurrections and- civil iis- I uanees atre -the cait expensive nd acnprontab'e wores I 7 dan-have to deal with.' - - r . i - ' -1l remainx,yusrsecflj I - ODLTA. I u]y29 - ' | ' TH BUCXflfGH, ]irATSs.- nWedneiday1ast: I iBe Store e 'werce -brsight. tD tbe Ilarnler, forthe l 2codrme' t thei Whtt: 'Hart iHotel, Bnciacharn h;ii m tt en lots rwge put in,,.w.th a to1 aln narentalf tb t 3S5001 and onlvtwo]vus,wersold-.nfar.n earAyleary ifci 57001., aid a .ewhouse" ha nacre oR land,i | Bi;odings were fot .Te e Sa61ville iest.te iitln i9,vVitud'e; xreoerved bzddisng iwas 24,000.i Weleard that 2' OOOb- a offered'b- one punrcliaeer 3nvi iefnse&' .f.' several other lots thoere was,no bidding nnd the xesrv: h.isding.s ecre not declared; ,t: &xor.ouC'nza * es0e
-, 0 j WEE SPUBC HEALTH. - ,t x hsQ(nartei Hetr of Yj~e 1legzsrarGenenalU1 ,7 5 T etur,comprses thp birthsland deaths registered by ,19o :strarn' nall the districtb-of England during the pnring quarterhtuab ended on June 30, 1S56; ana the mnrreaesim l21lchurcnles or chapels, about' 3,754 registered wsof. wori,,p n,connected with the Established Chrch, and,628 su pennendent regisrars offices, mi the quarterthab ended on. Marchli s1856l e Th marrag te, -which was lowv, is now slightly above the av,aragh rate, the birth-rate isigh, a the death-rite 1s Qow, so that thalstate of the? population, in the lightof ereturns; is favourable. MsRTAGES. 66,76 persons were marrmed- in the three months of -January, February, and Mfarch. The annual rate in the quarter was 707 marriages to every 100,000 of the popula. Vion, *whilte te rate in the winter of 1855 was 631 (or leis by 1-10th) 'and the average rate of the preceding winter quarters was 704. The marriages (33,383) were mcore by 4,257 than the maiages (29,131) in the winter quarter of 1855 ; aind the increase is a sure indication of the prosperity of the country. The increase of marriages is observed in every division. The exccess inthe nimbers in Portsmouth, Plymouth, and Hull is prnbably due to the tu o of; gallant seamen from the Black Sea and the -Baltie. BIBTHS. 173,204 boys and girls were born saive and registered in the spring quarter that ended on the last day of£June, givig an increase of 7,954 childTen on the numbers of the 'corresponding quarter of 1855. It is the spring quarter in which the greatest number of births generally occurs; and this numberis the highest that has ever been returned in -ngland. The number of registered births rose from 136,941 .'in the spring quarter of 1844 to 173,204 im the last sprig _ quazter. n2rCtRASE OE POrrPULATON. As the number of births was 173,204, and the number of deaths 100,310,'the natural increase of the population of England was 72,894 in the three months of April, May, and June; so 1,903 lives were added, 1,102 were taken away, daily; leaving 801 as the daily increase. But in the smne three months 60,379 emigrants left the ports of the united kingdoni at which Government agents are stationed; and of that number about 21,304 were of English originEngland, exclusive of Scotland and Ireland, sent about 234 e emigrants daily over the seas to Australia, to the United States; and to the North American colonies. Of the immigrants who enter England from Scotland, Ireland, and other parts no statistical records are kept. The emigrat.on from the ports of the united kingdom is less by nearly 6,000 than the emigration (66,111) in the spring quarter of 1855, and is less than half the average emigration (113,141) of the corresponding quarters of the eight years 1847-54. THE PRICE OF rROVISIONS, AND THE WEATHER. Tne prices of some of the principal articles of food are shown below, with a view of determining the effect of their variations on the births, deaths, and marriages. During the last three months wheat was sold, on an aver. age, at the rate of 6_s. Sd. per quarter; York regent potatoes at 80s. per ton, at the waterside market, Southwark;beef at bid. per lb., mutton at 56d. per lb., in the Leadenhall and Newgate-markets. The price of wheat in the corresponding three months of 1854, 1855, and 1856 declned from 78s. 4d. to 68s. Sd., or nearly lOs. per quarter. Pota toes fell from 155s. to 80s. per ton; beef fell only from 53d to 5id. per lb. Mutton, on the other hand, rose from 53d. to 57d. per lb. Upon the whole, the prices of articles of most extensive consumption as food declined. The value of the public securities rose. The mean temperature at Greenwich was 52°.3, the fall of rain was 7-4. STATE OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH. The deaths in the three spring months were 100,310; and the annual mortality was at the rate of 2117 per cent., or nearly 21 in 1,000, the average annual rate of the season being nearly 23 in 1,000. The mortality has been during the whole of tha half-year past much below the average rate. The mortality in the spring quarter among the people living in the districts and the sub-districts comprising the chief towns of England was at the annual rate of 23 85 'nearly 24) per 1,000. The mortality of the rest of the people in the small towns and in the country parishes was at the annual rate of 1S 78 (nearly 19) per 1,000. The rate of mortality is in both classes of districts below the average, h3t the reduction of the rate is less considerable in the town than in the country populations. The changes in the diseases and tne low mortality that has reigned in London have been noticed in the weekly tables. The salutnry effects of the improved water supply and of other sanitary measurs in Bermondsey are pointed out by one of the registrars. As similar improvements in lambeth and other districts are referable to the same causes, the whole of the results can be coUected and discussed most conveniently together when a greater number of facts has accumulated. The deaths (5,158) in the south-eastern counties are below the average number, and nearly a thousand less than the deaths in the spring quarter of the previous year. In Kent the deaths slightly exceeded the average; in Surrey, Sussex, Hants, and Barks the decrease was well marked. Searlatina and measles prevailed in some districts of Kent; at Faversham malignant scarlatina prevailed through the whole quarter, and the deaths were nearly doubled. The registrar of Newport, in the IsLe of 'Wight, states that he has registered four deaths from smaUpox in the Parkhurst barracks. In the Isle of Wight generally, in the New Forest, and in some other districts of the division, the mortality has been at as low a rate as 16 in 1,000. The south midland counties were generally in a healthy state; the deaths in the quarter were 6,270. In Oxfordsbire, Northamptonshire, and Huntingdonshire the mortality was nearly at the average rate; in Buckinghamshire and in Cambridgeshire the rate of mortality was much below the average. SmaUpox was very prevalent in Northampton, and the deaths from all causes were 295; so the mort9lity was at the annual rate of nearly 35 in 1,000. At Cambridge the deaths during the last three spring quarter were 155, 150, and 101. The register of St. Andrew's, Cambridge, says- " The decrease in the deaths compared with those of the same (uarter in 1855 speaks well for the healthy condition of this district, and may in some measure be accounted for by the introduction of a large and constant supply of water last autumn in pipes from a distance of two or three miles, which will not only be the means of great comfort and convenience to the mnhabitants, but wiUl also materially assist in cleansing tie town. Scarlatina appears to be the most prominent, if not the only, disease amon!g children." The beneficial effects of a constant supply of pure water on the health of the town populations become every day more apparent. The deaths in the eastern counties were 5,758, while the numbers in the previous spring quarter were 6,194. The mortality was low in Norwich. Scarlatina in a severe form prevailed in Epping, Great Warley, Bradwell, Hempstead (parish), South Walsbam, and HilEington. The fishernien in King's Lynn North refuse generally to have their ehildren vaccinated, and 10 died of smaUpox. The south-western counties lost 8,516 of the inhabitants by death; but the mortality was low in every county, and the deaths were 1,177 less than the deaths in the spring quarter of 1855. At Trowbridge, in Wilts, it is gratifying to find that many families have removed with the best effect from unhealthy yards to healthy cottages, with smnaU -ardens attached, in the outskdrts of the town. The improvement of the houises is sure to be folowed by the improvement of the inhabitants. The pernicious effects of the nIght soil, which is stiU left under the houses in our towns, have been fatally proved in Poole, where three men died from descending into the vaults. The registrar remarks" If the machine with hose had been used this sad result, which has rendered seven children fatherless and three wives widows, could not have occurred." In proceeding northwards the diminution in the mortality of the divisions is less considerable. In Staffordshire the deaths (4,081) are rather more numerous thar. the deaths in the previous spring quarter, but in the other counties of the west midland division the deaths ex;hibit a decrease. 1,133 deaths were recorded in the Birmingham district. Smallpox, scarlatina, and measles prevailed in some districts, In the north midland counties 6,290 deaths were registered. In Lincolnshire a remarkable decrease is observed in the deaths, which were 2,067, 2,251, and 1,714 in the three last spring quarters. The deaths in the noith-western division were 1U,088namely, 2,318 in Cheshire, and 13,770 in ILancashire. The nubers area littlebelow the average. Liverpool and West Derby exihibit a gratifying decrease in the mortality; the deaths in the two districts were 2,799 to a population of 41i,515 in 1851. The registrar of the West Derby subdistrict makes the following remarks:- I "M&y district during the whole of the quarter has been in a more healthy state than at any former period; so muich so that during the week ending Saturday, the 24th of May, there were, only three aeatbs in the whole sub-district, *hich, at the census of 1851, contained 33,013 inhabitants ,ndthere will be an increAse on thal number of at least '5,000 snmee that time. The township of West Derby ha, - alw-as been notedas the most healthy locality in the vici- 2ifyof livaerpol; and thi 'uallyfavourable state of the -ic is frerimp rovedbgy the excellent system of drain-',se*eringj and cleansing the streets that has been optid, - TE5 bfre' l ome time past bxess double t} e ninber bf the deaths, owing, to the heathy etatelofithe Aisiaict and Ahe increised -opilition." --1r :o )i -Saitary mearers s iverpoot LI -wel may?hpei.,eueeforwardzeduce the lugh mority* -b eed there: in theie repo't T 10, deathswereregierei in Yor hkix, aa. q at nnlr -1,>358 occurred in Biidfdrd,-itoa ^pOpil5tiO5L-f 181964, in 1851; 1,242 :*a - .r 'e1.i;ieed3s-;and flunse ;'69u5were rgiser6d in Shtffield.- The 6,534 deaths in the northerA countiessigihtly exceed1 in nlimbr the deaths in either of the twro brevious spring qulrter, . Smnallpox and scarlatina ave prevailed. Ya4- cination is evidently neglected among the colliers. TheI.mrtality increased in Durham and in-lorthumberland, decreased in Cur.berland and in Wertmoreand. - InWaes and 3fonmouthshire -,781 deaths 'were registered-; the deaths in the previous rapring quarter were 7,392. Smallpox and scaslatima hare prevailid epidemiucally in some districts. E IAt this season of the year, when many people are travelling on the continent, as well as in England,. it may be useful to state that it is now weil established by extensive observation that England is -the healithiest country jn, Europe. France stands next to England in salubrity. InI the continental cities the annual rate of mortabty i5 seldom less than 30 in 1,000; and the rate frequently'ises to 40 in, 1,000. Ii london the ratb of mortality is 25 in 1,000. On an average of 10 years (184I-50) the mortUlity was at; the annual rate per 1,000 of 15 in thr&eEnglish districta, 16 in 14 districts, 1? in 47 districts, 18 in 87 districts. These~ facts prove that the climate of Englind. is emlnently salu-i brious; and it has not yet been sho*nthat the climate of any part of the continent is equally or more salubrious than this island. crowned withsli3Dsof moderate elevation, doping towards the east and the south; 'bathed by the showers of the Atlantic, drained naturally by'rivers running ahort coursesto the.sea, cultivated more extezsively. than other! lands, aud producing those unequalled breeds -of sheep, cattle, and horses, which flouriji only in healthy places. The healthiest parts of England are not yet places of general resort, but the annual mortality in the various districts comprising -watering places seldom exceeds 21 in 1,000 of the population, and, p-obably lower in those iegiois of tne disricts to which visitors resort. Hastings, Brighton, thelsle of Wight, Worthing, M-itford (including Lowestoft), Newton Abbot, Barnstaple (including llfracombe), Bath, and Cheltenham have experienced low rtes oe mortality during the spring quarter; and it should ba always borne in mnind in selecting places of resor' that through the peculiar nature of rymotic diseases places usually healthy are periodically visited by epidemics, which can only be avoided by consulting recent returns, or by actual inquiries on the spot. The cleansing and the sewerage of all watering places require improvement, as their arrangements weru made when sanitary science was at a low ebb. (From the Weekly Return of the Registrar-GeneraL) The mortality in London is below the usual average rate which prevails within its limits. In the week that ended on Saturday 995 persons (of whom 487 were males 508 females) died. The total number differs little from that of the preceding week, which was 1,018. The corrected average of the corresponding weeks of the previous 10 years was 1,213. But this result represents more than the nominal rate of mortality, in consequence of cholera, which was epidemic in 1849 and 1854, having carried off in the corresponding weeks of those years about 916 persons. Of the 095 persons who died 522 were under 20 years of age, 147 were 20 and under 40, 146 were 40 to 60, 146 were 60 to 8O, and 34 were S0 years of age and upwards. 278 persons died of zymotic diseases, including 11 by cholera, 71 by diarrhcea, 20 by smallpox, 45 by measles, 19 by scarlatina, 48 by typhus, be. Ten of the deaths by cholera are returned Ps infantile cholera, and occurred to children under 2 years of age. The deaths from diarrhcea have increased from 15 weelkly in June to 29, 48, 62 in July, and in the Iat week to 7. Of 90 deaths assigned to diseases of the respiratory organs 41 were caused by bronchitis, 42 by pneumonia, 4 by asthma, 3 by pleurisy, laryngitis, &c. Phthisis was fatal in 120 cases. Half of the deaths that happen on an average in London between the ages of 20 and 40 are from consumption and diseases of the respiratory organs. The deaths from these diseases in the last week were 65; the deaths from al other diseases at the same period of life were 82. The deaths from consnunption and from other diseases of the respiratory organs, at all ages, were 220. The majority of these diseases arise from constitutiona conditions and from the ordinary elements of insalubrity; but there can be no doubt that the dirty dust suspended in the air that the people of Iondon breathe often excites diseases of the respiratory organs. - The dirt of the streets is produced and ground now by innumerable horses, onnibuses, and carriages, and then beat up in fine dust, which fills the mouth, and inevitably enters the air passages in large quantities. The dust is not removed every day, but saturated with water in the great thoroughfares; sometimes ferments in dampweather, and at other times ascends again under the heat of the summer sun as atmospheric dust. The natural remedies would apparently be to transfer from the principal thoroughfares some of the immense traffic by horse-carriages to railways, andtokeepthestreets, by daily cleansing, as clean as the streets are kept in some of the continental towns. The inhabitants of London would then not have to dread diseases as fatal as the grinders' rot" or the " miners' asthma" from mechanical impurities of the air they breathe. Last week the births of 844 boys- and 764 girls-in all 1,608 children-were registered in London. In the ten corresponding weeks of the yeara 184I-55 the average number was 1,394. At the Royal Observatory, Greenvich, the mean reading of the barometer was 297:38 in. for the week ending the 26th of July; tJhe sky for the most part was overcast with occasional showers. Lightning was frequent at night on Wednesday, with thunder, which was also heard on Saturday. Electricity was positive throughout the week, except Sunday. The atmosphere was warm, and the average temperature was 2-3 deg. in excess on the average derived from the same week for the last 38 years. The mean daily temperature was 64-2 deg., or about 4 deg. above the temperature of the week preceding. The thermometer rose to 83 0 deg. on Wednesday; from this point it fluctuated and descended to 49 S degi on Saturday. The average dewpoint was 6-0 deg. below the air temperature, and showed a difference of between S and degrees on Friday and Saturday; consequently the air was drier on those days than during the preceding part of the week. The direction of the wind was chiefly from the south-west, and passed over Greenwich at rates averaging 86 miles daily. IL_ _
FATAl AccDLN.---An inquest was head on 3Ionday, the 28th inst., at the Douglas Arms Hotel, Bethesda, near Bangor, North Wales, on the body of John Irice Hunt, a Scripture reader, St. Martin's Church, Birmingham, who met with -his death under very distressing circumstances. It appears he left .is home accompanied bv a young man of about 20 years of: age. He took pizvate lodgings at Bangor, and on Wednesday, the 23dl inst., determined upon a trip to the Great Pcnrhyn slate quties and, kafter seeing tha place, thoght of making an ascentto the snmmit of Carnedd Liewelin, ~the rival of Snowdon asgto height and scenery; they mistook the mountadn however and fosnd themselves on the summit of Carnedd David another very high bill; after remaining there a short2ie they decided upon going homeward to Bangor, but, instead of keeping to the same route by which they asent u, theykept too much to the east; alter going about 100 yards the young Iman said he would turn bacl, but Hunt determined on going , down. Xothing more washeardof himunntil Saturdaylsat, wheu his companion camne to Biethesda with Police-constable Evans, and waited upon 'lr~ John Frances; agent Iat the Penrhyn slate quarries, wrhere kind assistanoce [wvas given in sending 70menwitliropes, so as:tobe 'able-to. examne allI the cliffs. After about-twvo hoisahe-ias dis. covered bya quarrymansomedistancebelow. Iriashort:tiine they were able to get to him,: and fonnd that he had -fallen oyer a perpendicular roc6 ef about $0 yards,.andhad. he moved a little 'sfter this fill- he' woduhivebhad antbez greater falL. The young ra gate a very clesr aont:of I tbe'wholetransactioui; chnc was satsfacory to The corebWSr and jury, A&verdict of " Ateidenta.desathCwreturned.
z .: APPE4AL& r . - 7OUS} OF, LORDS. C'I3 Y. JVLY 29. DIXON V. BNovnT XM5 Was an appeL fom a de ioinao. the second division of tihe Court of, ession in'S Sotlaad, nouhcedinan cadcoh 'beght by. the reseondents aS arviV,ng trustee of Thoa noWv tolrecover tevaing of' tpig iron. (t'appeired.tbat Ball aud ei-had nJMuly, 1849, purchased fromk)eSsrs. SMith;and ,Son s.n~aidthem2.20L'for, adler order,~ granted by the appelfant in the following terrc d -a- "Gissgo*, Jhly 10, 1849.. {'1 Iwill delivcr 1,000 tonstof wo. I -gig iron, fiere,when-required,aftvr the-181ihof Septembernext'to tne .rty lodging this dociument with'me. F. 0. B. in GTsow "For W. Dixon, Joi& CAYnBxL."1- InWthe following August a'nd' Septembr al a on required the appellant to, deliver the iron 'in srnaller.qiuantities, and after some cbjection z, ient 'to Ball and Son to Atle following effect On tihe undernkin being lodged 'ilth M8 shipBbl the ironi ii xeqjuired 'in t e usuial Way" and in consequence of this intimationTBall and Son lodged the,underthaing with the appellant, who, however, hid'since 'refused to deliver the iron, alleging that' Messr Smith,aid Sonihad failed to ppay the price of the iron, and thnt the ddeliiery ordaer did not convey to. 'the resnondents the right Ot teron,aa asainst the appe0lant. *The Cou'rt OWloiwd foudnthat thie deEver,v rder did convey the righ'4o the iron-to the'fe'spondents,-and that the appellant, wag boind 'to 'deliVer it to them.:-e The idlp*ant then'broujgt pthe pre- -e,nt`,appeal against that decision, arnd the arigument were hlaradon the ld of .Juf ,lagt. h*hen thefuxrthe,rconsidea*3tiona was- -ostponed. 'The LORD CrUCxLO3R iovw said, in deliverin" the jdgment of the Rouse, tliit the. quer,tions. befoti'heir odadhips were- .st, -whetherS theelery orde *ae vZal document, an'd then *hetlier,"eiev rld h pl lant was bound to d6liver the irSn'to the r'epou,d e eoinsidered that the d'cutiheitA inh q4uestion was not avalid doifnnent,but the aippe atfhtaId`nteredint&a feish contrast with Iers. Ball and Son by'lettei,,in'nhichhe undertook to deliver the 'iroqnash u%uXL Under. these circumsh!:6sshe sliiddadv1 4~e H -aflirni the decision of the Court of Suession with costs. Appeal dismissed with costs'accordingly. MACXEiZIE V. DUNLC? VJsr5SO'ANs COD ' C AIY. f h orThis was an;a p peal from' adleiision of the second division th o Session ii Sc^otland, in an action brought by 'the present appellant uponi certai iron scrip, against the resondnt~'tocomel hemto elierfree on boazd at Glasow 00O onsof igirn o god mechatabe brands, of The facts of the case were fully reported in Xie Times ftne 4th and 7th of June last, 'hen the further consideraThe Loxn C1rAscEs.uoR ia delivering judgment said, it 'was clear to hin that the rppeliant was only entitled to xecover what aered upon the face of the documents in gueitios-namely, a certein number of tons of No. 1 pig ,ilron, there being n o specification that it was to be of Clyde !and Dundyvan manufacture. The decision of the Court below, therefore, that the responderots were not bound to deliver Clyde and Dundyvan irOn was correct, and the appeal would therefore be dismissed with costs. Appeal dismissed with costs. '
ZAW REPORT. COURT OF CHANCERY, LiNcoIl's- L\. Jr3y 29. GALLTh!ORV V. ATL1T. (cfore the LouDs JuSTICES of APPrEu.I Mir. DICxnINSO. brought this (ase to the notice of their Lordships, and proceeded to account for the non-production of the probate at the hearing of the appeal, and said, he trusted that the explanation he had to give would induce their Lordships not to persevere in the order made by them, which would aave the effect of depriving the executors of the costs of the appeal. The Imened couneel said that the appeal was. set down for the 23d inst. ; on tgoe 15th the Lon)don agents wrote to the coiuntr-y solicitors for the probate, in order to enable them to instruct counsel; on the 17th the country solicitorg wrote to say the executor had the probate, and had left home; on the 21dl they wrote to say that the executer had returned, buLt foum.d he had mislaid the decument ; on the 23d the appeal wan heard, and on the 24th theprobate was sent to London, but too late for use. Lord Justice TuRErac.-You have shown suffcient to excuse the apparent negleca. Lord Justice KCoGurt 'i isi not interfere to take the costs away fom the executors, as the Lord Justite seems satisfied. Lord JusticeTtRNERn -Nost assuredly costswill be taken away from them upon some occasion,when so good an excu,e is not given. DDIMAL'E V. DDISDALP. This was an appeal praying the discharge of an order made by Vice-Chancellor Kindoeraey on the 10th of Decmber, 155, at which time the case was fully reported in caue Timnes. Mr. Lee and Mr, Prendergast were heard for the appe-al: Mr. Baily and Mr. J. H. Palmer, for the respondent, were not called upon. Their LORensmrs refused the appeal motion with costs. TIM DUKE OF B3EDFOR1D V. THIE NEE\E VALLEY DRAINrAGE C031PANY. Mr. LLOYD and Mr. HARDY moved in this case to dissolve an injonction, gmted by the Master of the Rolls~, restraining the defendantg, iutil the hearing, from applying 1500.for. the general purposes of certain acts set forth in the bl,or In any other mnanner than specified in the 47thsetion of the Nene Valley Drainage and Navigation (amiezindment) Act, 1854. Mr. llwa-nston andI Mr. C. Hall, for thne respondent, were not caled upon. Lord Justice Y-IGncaT BInucE said, he grieved to say that the time of thle Court hadl been utterly wasted by the argument of the appellant's counsel, and he felt bound to say the appea motion must be refused with costs. Lcrd Justice TuEsuRs enteredl at large into a consideratien of the clauses of the acts of Parliament, and ultimately agreed to the dismissal of the appeal with costs. Mr. HAiLL, in answer to a question from the BE,NCH, said, his client undertook- to accelerate the hearing of the cause either at the.-Rolls or elsewhere.
ROLLS' COURT, C}LAScT:Ry-LANm. JULY 29. ALLRIGHT V. BLkKv. (Before the MASTEh of the Rous.) Mir. R. PFALIER moved in this case for an injunction to restrain the defendant from causing stones and rubbish to be thrown into the river Derwent at Matlock. It appeared from the affidavits used on the motion,that the plaintiff and defendant occupy land on opposite sides of the river, and that, some months ago, the defendant commenced workinFg a limestone quarry near the banks of the Derweat, the effect of which ws to increase the force of the stream, and drive it to and injure tho opposite bank, and, in other respects so to alter the clharacter of the stream as to injure a reservoir constructed for the purpose of regulating the supply of water for the working of mills, for a number of miles, erected on the banks of the Derwent. The defendant was not represented. His HoNOvp. granted the injunction. WI'LtERTOiS V. P1ILLIA . Mr. R. PALI,MR (with whom was Mr. W. W. Cooper) moved for an injunction on behalf of the plaint-iff, a chyinist and druggist at Coventry, to restrain the defendant, also a chymnit and druggist at that place, from selling and expos. ing for sale any pils described as the plaintiffs piUs, or in boxes with labels, being copies or imitations of the labels on the plaintif'ds boxes. The plaintiff had some years since invented an antibilious medicine, for which he had obtained a good renutation and considerable sale, but had lately discovered tfiat the defendant was seling pills made by him in such a manner as to represent that they are made by the plaintiff. Mr. SOUTHGAT}E appeared for the defendant and said, that he had not had time to answer the plaintiff's affidavits, and asked that the motion might stand over until Thursday next. His Hoxousr granted this delay, the defendant by his counsel undertaldng that he would not in the meantime proceed to sell his pills in the manner objected to.
VICE-CHKNCELLTORS' COURTS. TUESDAY. TmI. 29. fl' RE TIlHE MARYLilPMON. YtkNlt. (Before Vice-Chazncellor Sir R. T. KIN DIR-TRV I Mr. BAiLY and Sir W. RTDDELL, on behalf of certain contributories in this undertaking, now in course of windaig up, moved that the decision of the Master, refusing to direct the official mianager to bring in a chbmrgo against the directors in respect of certain money liabilities, might 'be reversed, such application to the Master having been refused with costs. Mr. Roxburgh appeared for the official manager; Mr. Cole for the representatives of Dr. Walker; and Kr. Glasse and Mr. Southgate for the Earl of Hanington. After somne dsscussion, wherein it appeared that the official manager had, in pursuance of the joint-stock acts, kept a ledger, and that the state of the accounts appeared, The V}cECZ IINCELLOR thought this motion was premature, and by consent of all parties the costs were directed to come out of the estate. Mr. GLA SSE and Mr. SOUTHGiTb then moved, in the same matter, that the' Earl of 'Harrington should not be ce-alled upon to contribute to payment of the debt of 11,0001. odd claimed by the representatives of Dr. Walker, on the Eround that as beidween him and Dr. Walker the earl was lischarged from all liability, inasmuch as it was by an -arrangement, to wvhich Dr. Walk-er was a party, that he - retired from the direction in 1838. Mr. COLE, forthe representatives of Dr. Walker, opposed the motion. Nlr. Roxburgh, for the official manager, tookno part in the discussion. At the conclusion of the argmnent, H3is HONOUR reserved his decision. (Before Vzce-Chancellor Sr J. STUAI.T,) 5ARXZELL V. SMXGSTON. The VICE-CHAXCELLOR 'this mormind gave jsidgment in this case, which was argued before himinir March last, and ir which the amount in dispute was the sum of 401. By an indentire, dated the 6th of November, 1844, in which there Wm no,power of revocation, the late John Hingston conveyed and a^sigrisd eertains real and personil estate to the defendant, W. F. lingaton, upon trust '(among other things), to to the iplaintiff, who was the niece of John angaton, the Asun of 401.,. for her separate use. That eiecution, or 'shortly afterwards, was delivared, by ' J. lingaton to the defendant W. 'i. ingetonJ aLnd had been an his possession ever since e6cept flor afewweeks towards theend of 1850, when itwasdalvered. to the settlor for a temporary,purpose, and wass returned by him to the defendant. En 1852 the seatlor, J. -ingston, made his will, by which lie gave all his'real and Mnrsoual propertyto the defendants P. 0. Hiiagston'and mny HingstVn, upon trus6s udenr *Wich the plaintiff kook' Lo benefit. The settlor 'died in 1854,' and since his death,thiepliAnita hd applied 'to 'W. Fe 1 g5 'ton ' for pyment of the., su'm of .401., ,-bu§ 'ie -stated that'tbe defendantB.'O.to and Henry Higs ton disputed the -vlidity: of the settlen;ent mided'bv J. 'Bingeton 'nla ovemher, .1844.' The ipiintiffCtihereupon ildthis hill, pryir g'tfit the 'trissts' of the'~in'denture'of lTh,emab*a 1cg might be ea2ned into uvcti6n.- The defenc was that the settlement. was: rolunt4ry jaRd could Kot-be nfoir b' thi6 Court. : ', Mr. Bacon and Mr. W. A CGollins were for the lntiff andaJfr W-klker; Mr. - Itink Mr. Shap$r, Mr. .2t suke, and Mr. Swanston, sun., for the several- deEMdae _t,- he three 3fessrs. Hingstpn and,the pla hiband.. ,IT, ,e.V eR -: f.e S ne rye bC CCxOR after,tatiit t he 1t t ae'ftioDf theChaucec Prab cA- n - tmade t tinec~s sary tomeatet,ci~eliallyin*eretea unider'the deed of! NOtemhi 1854`efoijthe-Cbuirt anhd after r-13 nviewing th,en:amefoisuthoritiecited:in the coniie 6f the with tz - ..i:'ivdbr.'ofthe l5 n ' 0 : T L ,OF XTB r V, GO5DZN. flus mat on; whiich was mentioned on a former ciccasion .u Te eTimes,>was brought onagan.' hoobjecit of it .iasto ob,ta an injoup,tion 'to,restrain .the' defendant lrqm.removing shingle from thie seadioir letweon certain pomits to .th;e oast o,f Etithioiun -Susssex. ,lt aPperedh hthe wev,th,umfhepointis peifiedin: thei'iotice of motiOn. '.8asnd i.SCPXAGZTfor thephsintllff said itwas I'felt that the notice of motion ask-ed mnore tba the plaintiff vas entitled, to, and pro,posed .that the ininnotion should i extend o,nl,yto' those pomts o£'the" shore fro'm which the ;removalor the shingle wourld 'oe attended with danger. ' Mr. BACON and Mr a. M. ROU;JPZLL, for the defendants, sai&that the same case vr3 mide'by ~tho laihtifts affidvints s 'wks mode by the -bill;' and obJe'cted to theo proposed .[order. Both Hr ,hcs ought to undertake not to doaO n thing .at vrariance wth th:o roticeof znotion.' 'The VICB-CAMydgu gO said, he. coild- n.o allow the~ pl paintiffto abansdon the Jcaai madde in the bill, and in thes affdant's made mn'support of it. 'lHe 'tould diredi thenmotion Lto stand over till Mlichaelmis Term,* both partioes uicderl t aking sot to do any of the'a'cts ccinpl3inedof irn the ;notice of motion. Tan LONG VACA~TION.! The Vice-Cha,ncellor ro'se'toi day. for the long vacation. (Before Vic;e-Chanuc270r Scr W. P. WVOOn.) 34mLL'GAif ,V. 2LUAt$R,: Mfr. ROLT and MEr. W. P. MuRRAY moved fora n junction on the part of the, plaintiff, a pianuoforte manwl . facturer at tuna in. South Anierica, to restrain the a. efen2ant Mfarsh, 'who ,fornnerly carried on business irs London, and. novv axt York, from ;assining, to an persRon other'than the' plaintif£ certain letters patent which bad been granted, to' Jim' (Ma4rsh). for aa 'iproved invention of maldng.portable <niinofortes by-cuttir g them through the sounding hoard, and thus dividing themr into pairts; and aLlso from granting licenses to wrork such natient, except with the authority of the plraintiff; and elso from ruanufacturincg piainofortes on the princiolo of the-said . invention, except with suich authority. The notice of motion also asked for an injunction to restrain the defendant farsh from prosecuting an action for the infringement of the patent against a 3fr. Steedmnan, who 'was made a codefendaint, aind who had been manufacturing pianos on the improved principle for the plaintitff The case urged for the -plaintiff v.s that, in fact,, the idea embodied inl the patent 'was his owvn; that he hald communicated it to the defendant's son wshile stating with him at iuna, and had, mnoreover, intrusted him -with certain plans and drawvines *lescriptive of the idea, for the purpose of having them ascii mnitted to his father and his then partner, that these plans and drawings 'werc inserted in an envelope marked "FPi' vate ;" that he had also requested the SOn to express to the defendant his wgish that the invention mivht besecuredhb patent, and that these communications had been accorsirngly mando to the defendant. This, however, the defendant denied, hut admitted the dehiveryof the plans anddrawings marL-ed " Private," and he allteged that those plans and drawiings only contained a crude idea, incapable of beingS patentedwzithoutfurther invention; thatbhe accordinglytook g,reaBt painZs to bcing that crude idea to perfection by inven. - tiona of his owvn, and having succeeded mn his endeavours he had secured such improved invention to himself by the letters patent, axnd now claimed to hold it azgainst the wvorld, At great variety of letters and a mass of evidence wrere read to the Court for the purpose of showin,g, on the one hand that no trus was fixe-i on the defendant. at all, and that his - nvention wavs distinct lrom that of the plaintiff,;and, on'the other, that the two inventions were identical, and the improvements merely subordinate to the main principle. In s ,upport of this latter proposition a model of part of a piano was produced in court. Th=e motion was snyported by Mfr. Freeman, who ip peared for Mr. Steedmnan, the defendant in the action; Mr Ca sandfr Drewry were heard in opposition.n The tICE-CucELLos said the best course wrould be to order the motion to stand over till the action had been tried, If on the trial of that action the patentinurned ou,t to be-good, from the defendantbeingprovea tobethe firstinventor, then the plaintiffs case was at an end, and his 'whole legal: anldequita le right would be -displaced. If, ou the otheb hand, the patent should turn, out to be had, from -the defendanat not having been the first inventor, then it wvas not at aLl clear that an equity would not subsist against Marsh, he having taken out a patent for his owrn benefit of an n vention suggested to him by a person for whom he ha-i been employed to manufacture the very article. The partie would have liberty to apply, and the nlaintiff liberty to defend the actionin the name of Steedman, he indemnifying' himn against costs. HA~~~~~~~~~~~~
COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, Ba9ngha-strfcc, 3Iy 2S. ID RJE GEORGE AVGU.VrUS ErA!%M.TVO P.M-- (Before Mr. Coonmmiqg7Cr O\TnA OTn, I lhe bankrupt is described as a commission agent, of Yorkbuildings, Adel-phi, but is better lmowu from his connexion Nith certain legal proceedings in the case of Miss Thorn hilL This was a meeting for the proof of debts and choice at assignees. From the preiminary statement of MIessrs. Hart, the bankrupt's debts are about 3,500L There are liabilities to the further amountjof 1,700L., as well as a claim for 2,3001. by a creditor holding security. The creditors include a livery-stable keeper, 261.; a tailor, 1511.; a tailor 501., as the holder of a " stolen bill" for that amount, for which "no value" was received; and also numeroas holders of promissory notes of various amounts. Mr. Marsllsh named as a creditor for 3001., as the holder of the joint promissory note of the bankrupt, Lord Forth, and Mr. Youn. Thb bankrapt was in Warwick Gaol one month, when he paid 501., and "renewed the bill." Mr. Lazarus is a creditor for 351. on an acceptance for which the bankrupt alleges he received a considerable less sum. One creditor is set forth as the holder of several bills to the amount of many hundred pounds, for which the bankrupt alleges he has been sued in another name, and that there has been a "breach of trust" in the matter. There is a claim for 551. by a lodginghouse. keeper. The bankrupt alleges that he was unable to defend an action on this claim, being in. Warvick prison; but that he only owes 131. The liabilities include 611. to the English and Cambrian Insurance Company, Blackfriars-road * and 1001. to Mr Laing, as the holder of a bill given to discount. Mr. l3hrdahl, of 52, Regent-street, was appointed assignee, anrd Mr. Chid'ey the solicitor in the case. The CosLnSSIOyxER inquired whether the creditors generally had voted in the choice of assignees? Mr. CssIDLEY.-There is scarcely an exception. Mr. LS1NKLITEa.-The choicr of assignees being completed, I have to apply, on the bankrupts behalf, that he may be released from prison. Mlr. STURGEON, on behalf of Mr. Haynes (Carlyon and Blaynies, solicitors, of Palace-chambers), as the holder of certain bills of exchange, objected. The bankrupt examined said, he held the lucrative office cf Clerk of the Peace of the county of Antrim. Mr. STURGEOx.-By what tenure do you hold that office ? The CoMrnssnosisoc\ -That may be a very proper questioon a future occasion, but it cannot be put at the present stage or the proceedinigs. The bankrapt on fuarther examination said, he had traded as a Fharebroker and discoulnter of biuls of exchange. He had had offices in Dablin; also at 28, Cornhill and 26, Birchin-lane. He had told Mlr. Haynes that he knew gentlemen who required the discount of bills, and that he acted in procuring discounts. He had thus led Mr. Haynes to suppose that he was engaged in trade, although he might not have positively told him so. There were assets under hisbankr-uptcy-froin 1301 to 1501. in cash-gold and banknotes. He had no intention to leave the country. He had kept books. They, toeether with some papers, had been stolen. They were said to be in the hands of Mr. Cutt, solicitor, but he couild not procure them. His Hoxoup. said, he seldom refused to release a bankrupt fron prison npon the choice of assignees except there appeared good grounds for believing that he was about to lcave the country. The punishment vvas so seiere and there had bReen so many indictments for that offence that fewv men would now have recoUrSe to such a step. The bankrupt would, therefore, be released. Discharged accordingly. IN RE B-EJAIN WvILSO.N The bankrupt was a solicitor in Gresbam-street. His accounts show unsecu-:od creditor , 2,8751.; creditors holding security, 3,2261L; property held by secured creditors, 1,5001.; other property, 3,6001. This was the examination meeting. Mr. Lawrance appeared for the assignee, and Air. Clhidley for the bankrupt, who passed. IN P'E ABBA1i'DER P. There was an examination meeting in the case of Alexander Paine, innkeeper, Croydon. The accounts show unsecured creditor's, 3,5501.; creditors holding security, 7,809l.; property held by secured creditors, 6,3501.; other property and assets about 6001. There are losses to the amount of 3,689L, including 3,0001 by lease and goodwill of the premises. The bankrupt passed unopposed. iNR1 an. E5S5WELL. There was a certificate meeting in the case of C. Erswell, builder, of Saffron Walden, whose debts are about 3,5<001 and assets about half that amnount. There was no opposition, and the bankrupt was awakrded an ismmediate certHficate of the second class.
l Is4&z * -, I.,! . I 3fE.U X - - E I - <VHRLM$P6RD. Jt~~~~'Li - ;. 4nThe comm:llor 10S!Ue outy - eX as w oPe&heie on dMoaeday by Chie f iet Bsro,auand to&i_ b_i: 12X taez Crwn(oa4ad Yr. Jasatce Rd. n-.the C,Iii Th*ue aaliatis h}avir tha ihtl een'forina-nyqO are pecial juryc pce. Asnong the latter tri ;be & very heavy patn e -in i thI orney e and pirFrederic Thesiger are coming idonmpcW. -The intenttol defru d lighter th ia in Mr. G.Den ma n ;trown d thel pr ione dothefendd Itappeareto Ss:of --nh p er :, : whs. , failaD o-' CROW2i SD-(B(fos li OarrnrEAoi.):J,rf I Janes aenr faeyo. 17, arselt-reled y outh, wae in- e d&eiforIorgmnraud1xttering a check for: 81. 19g Od., ,wii savigs-ankat helsfordow and (on the 2 baofkerx oh miat niboy named Eleynarthe@ Tdo.wnhl, £b,and aledhi :this town -i r. G. Denmanh ronsecuntd the pnaoner was- daschded by Mr. EodwirlL .- ut appeared thato-rhe prisoner, wrose if6aily wadcohrpexions are of veryMgret rJsphctnillitya .as a che. oin toe savngos-bank t Chehmsford, and on the 23d of Ju ne h met a.boy named Ealey -near the Torndhalo, rand akiedohim ,theawould li}e toea2d or b &b gomg on a meage for hmc, and upon hs fonsenywing:tlke prisoner gverhianA check upon ressrs. Sparrow and Co. for 81. aentf6d,, hhieh. pocrd -poretobe signed by Mkr. John JokliffTffnel, the .eon of one on the paters - n the banks and who iept an aodont tlere,aod toldghimfh torbnsc ntheinoh eitobgexait .station. The boy accordingly-proceeded. to the beak-ith the checkc, but the forgery ws at'onee discovered,.an on inquiries beingnuAadau-offioer was aeetfor,andhe proeceded Ao the:sayig-s-baak.where be took the prisoner into custody, and on hiE ceing told whit he ws chared with he denied all-knowlvdge of thekansaction. -Upon his-bein6 cdnfrolxtsd with the boy :Exley, however, the latter at once identified the er the person whohad -given hilu the forg7ed ,che6In - - -. . ,. *r.O Do Zrn easlea a very feeling address tohe jury, on behalf of the prisoner, and, after observing upoa theabeehce of any proof that he had forged the signature to the check, -hdened th brblitythat- inight havefound: it;-and bad then eudeavoured to app rate it to-his o nuse. - A great number of respectable wtnesses, some of *iini hid kiwnthe prisoner fro ia h childhood, were eilled to speak to hias ch ter, and theyall spoke of him as a ladin whom, up to the penrod of this trasction, they should heve placed lmplici confidencs. The:jury found the prisoner GiTilty, but strongly reconmended him to mercy. Mr. Tuffuell, the prosecutor, who sat on the bench, joinbd in the recommendation, and, at the samne time, talted that the grandfather of the, risoner had been 40 years in the ser- ice of his family, and his friends 'were highly respectable, and he trusted that, under all the circumstances, his Lordship would feel himself justified in passing a lenient sentence. The Cnlrn BARON2 said it was a very painful case, and he would consider what sentence ought to be pronounced. Mr. Justice ERLE disposed of several common jury eaies, but none of them presented any features of interest to the publinc. It is understood that the special jury cases will be taken to-day.
NORFOLK CIRCUIT. IPSWICH, JULY 2S. lNiSi ParUS COUST.-{Before Mr. Justice CoaimxGng) READY V. GOLDSMI. Mr. O'Malley and Mr. Power werecounsel for the rlain. tiff; Mfr. Prendergast and Mr. Dasent appeared for the defendant. This was an action of slander, in which the plaintiff sought to recover damages for the defendant for having said of him in his way of business, that " there was a screw loose over the way at the great house." It appeared that the plaintiff and defendant carried on pretty much the sme sort of buiness in Sadbury, and that one day in Aprl hast the defendant went into the house of one neighbour and caled another into his shop, and told them he had heard from a commercial traveller that there was a screw loose at the great house over the way, and asked whether they had beard of it. For the de. fence witnesses were called, ineluding the defendant and the commercial traveUer, from whose evidence it was shown that the defendant had learnt the rumour as he hae stated, and that it had been the common talk at tho Rose and Crown Inn for some time. It was also shown that an attorney had written to the defendant on the subject, asking him whether he was the author, and, if not, who was the author of the scandal; on which the defendant frankly went to the attorney, disclaimed all wish to injure his neighbour, saying he had simply stated what he had been told, and begged that the affair maight be explained to the famiily. Mr. Justice COLER1DGE left ittothe jtry more as a question of damages than anything else, adding that with the interview with the attorney the case might have ended, in his opinion, with great popriety. Still, the defendant h 4 ncautiously gossiped abat the plaintiff's affairs and had unmnecessarily gone about to spread the rumounr, and, thougb I bem ht nothave actedwith asny malice, he had rendered himsef liable to an action of this description. The jury, aer a brief discussion, and to the surprise of all in court, returned a verdict for the defendant. HARDITG V. HERSEY. Mr. O'Malley and Mr. Dasent were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Power and Mr. H. Mills appeared for the defendarnt. The plaintiff and defendant are next door neighbiurs 'ii Halsted, the plaintiff being a chymist and the defendant a saddler. The plaintiff, in the course of his business, prepares and sells wheat which is poisoned for the psupose of being given to hirds and vermin. The best way to prepare. this is to expose itto be driedintheraysof the sun. The defendant keeps pigeons, and one of these happened to be poisoned last year in the gratiication of its love for wheat, expsosed hy the plaintiff while he was preparing his recipe lThis year, fearing another such accident, which hadproduced ill blood between the defendant and himself, he sent to beg that the pigeons might be kept at home for a da; or two ; but he received an insulting reply. In spite of this, however, he sent his wheat to the baker to be dried and so he exposed no wheat at alL Much to his surprise and annoyance, he heard the next da&' that the defendant had exposed a large black hoard in his shop window, on the top of which was fastened a dead pigeon, while I underneatl was written " Harding's work, the Poisoner." Upon this, as he felt quiteinnocent of even accidentally injuring the defendant, he demanded an apology without effect, and ultimately he brought this action, which he would in all probability have let drop if the defendant had not compelled him to go on, or pay his costs. Under these circumstances the present action was brenght but it had not gone very far in proof, before Mr. Justice COLERIDGE observed that it was a miserable action and a miserable defence. Mr. O'MALLEY upon this, after consulting with Mr. Power, announced to his Lordship that the parties had agreed to withdrav a juror, the defendant also withdrawing a special plea of justification. Mr. Jiustice COLER1DGE.-A very proper end of the case. CRo;v,, Cour.T.-(Before Lord C,L'cr'nELsL.) John Till was indicted for robbing Phoebe West, he being anned with a pistol, and with extorting money by threats and menaces from her, on the 9th of April at Laxfield. Mr. BuiRcsLA.m appeared for the prosecution, and proved that as the prosecntrix was in her shop, on the night of the 9th of Aprl, the prisoner came in and asked for change for a 61.-note, and, being told there was not so much cah in the house, pulled out a pistol and, insisting on having some money, so frightened the poor thing that she went upstairs and bronght down half-a-sovereign, which he received, not with thanks, but a repetition of his threats. When he left Mrs West gave the alarm, and the prisoner being pursued was overtakzen and seized, but not before he had displayed two loaded pistols, with which he threatened the lives of IsThRjnue y havin found the prisoner Guilty, he was sentenced to 1S months' imprisonment. Several other cases were disposed of during the day, but they did not present any features of public interest.
NORTHERN CIRCUIT. NEWCASILE, JULY 28. Mr. Justice Willes arrived at this town From Durham this morning, and, having opened the commission, attended Divine service in the parish church, and inimediately afterwards sat in the Guildhal3 for the trial of the t6wis prisoners. The toNvn calendar contains an entry of six prisoners, one of whom is charged with uttering a forged post-office order, one with murder, andthe rest with ordinary larcenies. The grand jury having been charged, his Lordship sat at'1 o'clock for the trial of the town prisoners. Thomas Fothergill, aged 49, was chargeid with the wilful murder of John Smith, on the 14th of diay last. Mr. Seyrnour and Mr. L. R. Bayley prosecuted, and the Hon. Adolphius Liddell defended the prisoner. It appeared thatthe prisoner and the deceased had worked in the same employment as "navvies," at Elswick quarry, near Newcastle, in My last, and that the deceased had been a kind of overloolker over the prisoner. On the 3d of May last the prisoner and a man named Dmm were excavating a quantity of clay, the deceased wheeling off in' harrows what they dug out. The deceased la& before expressed a contemptuous opinion of theprisoner,anddn that day complained of the slowf theof the orle, wlncli he said WoUld not be the case if a better man were ithe prisoner's place. This expressidn; combined with whit tLe deceased had previously said, seemed to have greatly exas perated the prisoner, for he inimediately xushed at the deceased, and struck him on the head with the pickaxe wiXh which he was workidg at the time. The blo*tnocked the deceased down on the wheeliarrow, and then the prisone struck hinA again with the piclkaxe on the body.. e deceased was lifte4 up by a fellow-vorlnman, andafteria time was able to walkto his lodgings, fiom whicEhe wks conducted to the Newcastle Infirmary, viiere le died 10 days afterwards of the injuies ha had received. On exami-! -nation it appeared that he had received a wound 6n the emporil. bone, which hadidriven itcin and had lacerated the brain; and the sleen wasalso feundto be torn by external injursy. tther injury wras ssiflcient to cause death. 'For the defence, it waPs admitted tbanere words were mo extennation of, the violence which had caued death,l but it was suhmin tethat the blows h3d been stridk £n hot-blo6d 'hen the prisoner hadbeen greatl aggravated liy the taunts of the deceased; anmd evidence ws aso given that the pn sonerbore %ch aacterfor,beingaver7 qtiet, hardworing mduate6ss ma3'. -It was' also subinitted thatiaverdictof "Giilthof ishthitewoild meettha justice oftSiecase. MaSLoRnsHe s hving 5anmmed up the evidence, pOD ting ; The jux,- alterretirpg.for a shost thmet found the pn enraitofmanslaughter. , -'' - IsoRfliP,-in passlng sen:ene. 06mmeantoae 'h4iue ef sock . weapon as a pickae. "Iftheprioser.nhsaneer,4 hsdreserted to theweaponswbihmnathre iaveX1sm~ iaaiy ioIisfl~ sk; nogrea'c harm pIrobawd}lsaereuigb -Bt' be-mut -;ark in thin e 'e, sissalFOtUX'- he: reor *e or lfe. , t jF . rag :'.t ' . .' .: e. _. Z'- . :. '! !: ". i :___
. j 1- . I . 1- -- -Z%-, - .. , ; - n3rMRD VMh?m - ?: ?,? ?, RXFO - -tUSDAY, Ur 29. CR1NAL- Conn.-elT qfMrh .Ffire 'V xIe.) Ann Gwillim , wa c, with endsonr to ,Oa A -.birth , i WIt ch:ld The-prisotec d -p4re to cot- u i e h* a st-atide. of, oite de,bDiit «ad appaet .ier K'~ isded "Guilty." , ,,G rwne £ppe4ged or ta psc,, ton. Sq, >x- ,r. Justice CWzqurxA, c fte ,.er s bi, ai.:ionson the nature Of the o,ffose,,a =.' -his: .d.'Ni was so resorted to a , !thj eAA o_concealna crie of dt eeperaiye, ebeerve that.it.ld some fouidaao of io,inmuch asit arofrl bat t juick uinaof shbie whi sk no one wlho w,ilbe : etel to . oiild eTer 4eeire to see eradscated from theiziaae h.art... - :-,- Losnssrp tin., iiteinced ihe prisoner to, three minetbi? liUi p ,ad dfii d i,ar athe should be tAken ues of.'*- The prisoner was remoied from court, but with some difiiuIty, owing-to her st of extreme debility.- At the time of, er dliw h p_risoner was amnurse It tlhe workhouse of-the IWeobleylui=n, ad she hdzreduced herself to her present:ate Iof-weaness c l by walking six miles os and si homean onthe very day she wras delivere. Ths effort-3s e swas mupposeda o *have made in.orc',er to p onceathe fact of hiEr deliery. - Ehiz Davia, aged '27, singl woman, ws cboagd wiith the wieful mu rder of her infant child, name 3izaedi Davs, .It aingnd,o on -th lit af rh 1856. L - Vir. .w. RCooke .adM, Cleae appareffortle pr:secutaadsr,r. Skinajr diefendedth;e prisoner;.-. , .It appeaethaton-the l2thof arlst JOmne women, lii at_iland, in this eoix,fAtund _ lild's baisda g floating on the top of thew iaeCri a,,ellpear *6ereihes lived.. The bandage-wa taken oa:e_ of, as&a&tiei as ame sspicion that ihere m ight l?e . child. intheeiih'l, xserch .was mde. with ai-ppe, lut noflu Whsdifl4 atthattime. 12 days iteri,.-vionthe.ith ofYah, the: body of a fesiiale child,wa foun4 nked, Soe.&g onthe waterofthe:s%me:we1L A n injuestWMheldor ± 26thof March, and, there bengrni evaden6e as to vhose cild it *wa, or how it came'tiere,-the jgfoimda erdiotot "Found drowned."A--t nb* -ared that on the't of Augast last the prisonerwent-to iesservr at Yie house of a M3Daw, atXoreton, andontlie3doi Jiuaryin this yea she hwas deliveTrd ofe ale M.c ' Thhld'was put out to 'nrse -witha i ar-in;4 -Ante -Williams, at Morden, two miles from Moreton andccontinued-herefill thell th ef March, wien the prisoner took it away. At about 8o'clock in zhe mor:ing the childas a bealthy child, and was at that time in good health. She said she should not keep it, brt she should ake it -tD the child's grandnmother, who lived -belor Ross, wit. the 'child's father and that they should keep it. Hiaving got the cicild, she took it to rITs. Daws, Et about half-past 10 o'clock, and in sbout half an hour left with the child, saying she was going to take the child below Boss. She retrned at about 8 o'clock on the next nigh, the 12th, and told Mrs. Daw ehe had left the child at Lee, below Ross, that the child was well, but thalt the narties with whom she had left it said it would not lilve. Afier the inquest had been held, which was on the 2lhth of aracb, lmDs.fw questioned the prisoner severaI times as to whero the child was, and asked her for the address, but, not receiv. ing any satisfactory answer, she sent for tlhe police, and the prisoner was ta}en into custody. The bnmdage found in the well on the 12th. of March was now identified by Mrs. Daw as one she had given to the prisoner for the child; and Ar. William:s the nurse, also identified it by the hem and selvage, and by one of the ends, which was notheAmmed. A niece of cotton print also was found on the prisoner's bed of ih e same colour and patternas the frock worn by the child when it was taken away, and it appeared to hbave formed part of a child's frocl; Several witnesses were examined to prove that tbe prtsoner had, some three veas ago, lived at hingslard, and knew the well from being in tbe habit of CDming,oit to fetch water. A witness, named Mary Price, whose husband keeps the turnpike, one mile from Leoniins'.er, saw the prisoner pae through hegte, apparent'y comiug from Moreton, at about 4 or 5 o'clock on the afternoon of the l1th of 3arch. At that time --e had whatv appeared to be a child, in a sbawl under her cape. This was in a conuray direction from Ross, where shehadsaidshe wvasgoing. At7 or8 o'clock the ne.t morning sbe was atapubJichouseat Shtet!ord-bridge, which is about four miles from Kingsland, where the child wasfound, but without any child. She apa- very tired, and said she had come a go6d way. Sle took a glass of cdder, and then left on the road for Hereford, which is 11 miles off. The most remrakable ourt of the evidence was that on the 11th of March the people at King-land near whose house the well was situated had been washing, and had left on the hedge to dry, when they vent to bed at night, a chemise and a pair of lInitted black stockings. These were gone in the morning, And wien tha prisoner was taken into custody the chemise was found behind her hid, and themissing stoclings wee subsequently found in aistorerooni adjoining her bedroom. When the prisoner was talken into custody, the body of the child, which had been buried after the inquest, was taken up and examined. The nurse, Atnn Williams, said she believed the child to be the one she had nursed, and this opinion she formed frm the shape of its head and the colourof its6hair, but she was not able to detect whether or not it had a mark under the ear from the decomposed state in which it was. This strong circumstantial evidence was, however, rendered nugatory by the evidence of the surgeon, Mr. Watling, according to whose testimony there was nothing to sbow that the child found in the well hwd died of violence cr drowning; though he said the appeaances of drowaing woulcd be diminas by the time the body hiad been in the .ater. There was an appearance of inflammation of the pleura, and adhesions, which the witness thought was of so severe a character as might have cused death. There were no external or internal marks of violence, and he failed to discover any appearance of death from drowning. The childhad sufferedfrom very serious ilness of the cbest. Mr. Justice WiGnTmAN asked the counsel for the prose. cution, whether he thought the jury could safely, or satisfactorily come to a verdict that the child had died by suffocation or drowning, when the evidence of the surgeon showed, not only -that there were none of the appearances of drowning, but that the death might have been caused by disease? Mfr. Coonn said, the evidenceof ihe surgeoni showed that theappearance of drowning might be removed by iciunersion i the water- but, after his Lordshio's expression oD opinion, he (Mr. 6ooke) should be very sorry if any jury found the prisoner guilty. Mr. Justice WIrG}a'Ax requested the learned counsel to proceed with the case if he thought right to do so. Buat, his Lordshi added, the case for the prosecution assnmt d that the child found in the well wEs the prisoner's child, whereas the surgeon said that the body was highly diseased, enough to account for death, and had no appearance of drowning. Mr. COOKE said that, underthe ciromustances, he thought he ought to withdraw from the prosecution. He was not prepared for the evidence. M1r. JUstice' WIGHT.)Ns then addressed the jury, anm advised them, that under the circumstances, it would not be safe to convict the prisoner. The jury, after some hesitation, found the prisoner Zio4 Guilty. There was another indictment against the prisoner- charging her with stealing the chemise and stockings roferred to in the case. Mr. Justice WIGuTvANu dir=cted the trial cn this indictment to be proceeded with. Several witnesses were 'hen examined in support of this charge, and the jury found the risoner Guilty. Mr. Justice WiGnTsva.xw sai h be felt boundi to deal with. this case as he should do with an ordinary caee of larceny, and sentenced the prisoner to imprisonment for three calendar months with hard labour. The trial of this case concluded the business of the assizes about 12 o'clock.
YAqhLANb MIIXwT. WARWICK. JT7LY 29. C.vI SrE.-(Before the Chief Jwfice JIMvis and a Specia? Jzs-y.) ThE GRE-T WN-ESTEBE RAILWAY COAT'AIY V. BOURNE. This was an action to recover a sca of about 2001. for the c?rriage of goods; and the defendants bad pLid into court a sum of money which lefb the amount in dispnte 'between them about 91. Mr. Mellor, Q.C., Mr. SeRieant Hayes, and Mir. Spooner were counsel for the p aintiffs; Mr. Hacaslay, .C., and Mr. Field for the defendants The defendants carry on an extensive bhsiness in Birmingnam as wholesale grocers; and they began to e m- ploy the Great Western Railway Company as camers iR the month of Febrary last. They had -previonslv e(ployed the London and lNorth-Western Company, and had on several occasions in the month of Januarv declined to transfer their account when solicited to do so by the canvasser for the Great Western Company in Birmingbam, a man named Hicks. At length, on one occasion (aocordicg to Hicks's statement),they stated to him that t'dey could nM;t deal with the Great Western Company because the NorthWestern allowedthem a discount of D per cent, upon the pr.bliIshed rates, whereupon Hicks,havingcomTnn-iat,edwithh.i superior officers, saw the defendants again, and informed them that theri terms and their rates were the same *- the NortbWestern's. After this the defendants sent loodsby tle plaintiffs' line, and in April, application being made for their account, thev elimed adeduction of 5 per cent., which the' company refused to allow. The -whole question in the cause was whether the defendants were entitled to that deduction, and the importance of thnt question t-o the plain - ti-ff depended upon this, thlat oni the Ist of J,tonary last am agreement was entered into between the two companies ta carry the same classes of goods atthe same Tates,'andbeavy penaltiesweretherebyattachedtotheviolation olhatagreenienton eitherside. Thlidefenaants deniedlinniany repects the statement of Hicks. They denied that. ileyhiad stated to him that the North-Western Oom~pany allowed a. eduction. Of S-per cent. ; and,.in fact, it appeared that no such allowance bad been made by that comrpany sincethe agreement of the 1st of January; but.theyalso statea that =icks, after uing many efforts to per.uade them t-o transfer their account to the Great Western, had made them a distinct offer t'hat if t-hey wonsld send 20 -tons per' mnath it iheuld. ba called 19, to whic& the defendanzs objected that it was an unbusinesslike way of doing it, brt that i1 he would mnake the, allowance of 5 per cent. they would dea with the GreiNt Western, and that l1e assented. If he did so assent, it, appeare. tobeocontrary to hsis instructions, for he admitted tlhatle had received a circular addressedao l tho ea fci a Y gent, e- quiringthemtooarryoutinstrictZcAAd fai_h tteLsu of the 'agreement with the North Wedern (Yompany It was sttatedin the course of l eiriathatl1r Eowasci,bte4enut of Pickford and Co., the great earners en the: NorthWeateun line, was aArirsee for thedefendante ana ::r. 3MELtOR, in his reply, xrfeired to thaiat- iciicusnL e, andimpuad to the defend ants that sheir ne*t;iAt!ln itl Hicks was in attempt to entrap l eplastiffii -.solatlon ofthe vgeeeyent; bt he,ooteded tt 'iiV ; impro balethatRicka ahoud i ave so l j ar ..lxc aa} conutrary tio-his 7inwtrnctio; h W vn lk!, ceHtainly have 1 pay the 5p.r eist. itnt of his Cw#o ksl =_i. lest. JtTDoz.In uiz f l l i d L tha tSie r'a -h aotin tod w thbiB-i qtitwigD 3tCs , i* ;S ril
POLICE. MANSIOy-HOUSE.-John Lahow and Morris Carey were brought before Sir R. W. CARDEN, charged under the following cicumstances *- Mr. W. Rawlinson, cashier at Messrs. Williams, Deacon, and Co.'s banking-house, sa.d,-We are the hankers to the South-Eastern Railway Company, and are in the habit of paying the dividend warrants of that company. Yesterday, between 9 and 10 o'clock, the dividend warrant nroduced, for 161. 9s. 7d. for the 23d dividend, payable on the 1st of September, 1855, was presented to me by the prisoner Lahow. It being a back warrant I told the prisoner to take it to the secretary of the railway for him to certify that it was all right, and he went away with it. About an hour afterwards he came back with a gentleman from the office of the solicitor to the company, and asked Lahow how he came possessed of the warrant. lie said he had taken it in the way of business down the country. He said he could teUl from whom he had it, but did not mention the name. I asked him the residence of the proprietor, andhewrote "Bexley, Kent," nderthesignature, whdch was there w'nen he brought it-viz., "J. Dashwood, Esq." lahow tore off the (-ounterpart of the warrant, and handed to me the original, which gave back-. I saw nothing of the othr Trsjoner.hEatnRil M L. Cox, transfer clerk to the South-Bastern Railway Company, said, the dividend warrant produced is a genuine warrant, and was issued with the counterpar. In consequence of a communication which 'we received from Mr. Dashwood a duplicate of the warrant was issued upon a letter of indemnity on the 26th of April, 1856, and that warrant has been paid. I do not know the prisoners, but yesterday one of them (Lahow) caled on me and produced to me the original dividend warrant. I asked him what he wanted, and he said he had been sent by the bankers to have it certified, as it had been overdue six uoanths. I found a duplicate had been issued. I ask-ed him if he was Mr. Dashwood, the proprietor of the warrant! He said, "No." I asked him how he canue to have it? He said, " For work done as a plasterer for a Mr. Hill, at Watford." I told him to remain in my office till I communicated with the secretary, to whom I subsequently explained the matter, and in whose hands I left it. The warrant would not be payable without the signature of.the claimant. My stuspicions were aroused by the circumstances. Mr. F. Dashwood, of 9, Seymoui-place; Mayfair, and Beexey, in Kent, said,-The dividend warrant produced has been, I believe, in my possession. It was sent to me by post in the beginning of September, 1S55. I did not sign the warrant. I had it at Bexiey. The last time I saw it was when 1 placed it in a leathern envelope in my pocket, about thelO0th of September. 1Iwas then in a railway carriage coming to town, and, just as I was leaving the North Kent station, I missed the envelope which contained the diidend warrant and other property. I cannot tell whether I dropped it, or whether it was stolen from my pocket. I communicated my loss to the railway company immediately, and upon my letter of indemnity I received the amount of the dividend warnt. I know nothing of the prisoners. The signature "F. Dashwood, Esq." is not in my handwriting, nor was it written by my authority. George Scott, the detective officer, said,-Yesterday, from information which I received, I went into Bow-lane, where I met Lahow in company with lr. Robinson, a gentleman conmected with the offMce of the solicitor to the South-Eastern Railway Company, by whom be was given into niy custody for uttering a dividend warrant. I took him to Bow-lane station. He then said he had got the warrant from James Hill, a builder of Watford, for work he had done; that his f.ther was a gardener, or something of that kind, in the o n- ployment of Mr. Dashwood some years ago. I told him he would have to go with me to Watford, or remain in the station while I went to make the inquiry. He said there would be great difficulty irn getting at the man, but if he were allowed to go he could find him in a week. Findinthat I was determined he then said, " I did not get it directly from hMr. Hii-, I got it from another man. I do not know his name or address, but I think I can find him." I then went with him to Cannon-street, and thence to Chancery-lane, where we found the other prisoner, Carey. Lahow said, that's the man I got it from six or seven months ago, and I've had it in my possession ever since. Carey said in answer to my questions, that he had given the paper some time ago to Lahow, with wvhom he had been at work; that he did not steal it; and what if he had fouLnd it? He said, too, he had looked at the notice hoard of the poice station to see if there was any reward and finding there was no mention of such a thing he had given it to Iahow to do -what best he could with it, but with a hint to be careful, as he did not know what it was, or whether it was of any use. At the station house Carey said he believed the paper wvas esactly the same as he had delivered it to Lahow. Carey.-I didn't understand anything about such a docunient. How could I ? The prisoners were remanded tiU Saturday. GUILDH.ILLc-Charles William Norman, of 12, Belle. Vue-terrace, Cleveland-street, Mile-end, but formerly carrying on buiness as a draper and trimming seller, at 119, Shoreditch, was charged on remand with not surrendering to his bankruptcy, and absconding from his creditors with intent to defraud them. Mr. Poland, for Mr. Metcalf, conducted the prosecution and Mr. Crawford, from the office of Mr. IVontner, defended the prisoner. On the former examinations it was shown that the prisoner in March, 1854, purchased the lease and fixtures of a shop, 119, Shoreditch, where he carried on business as a draper and trimming seller for about four months, during which time he contrived to get credit to the extent of between 300!. and 4001. and, then he suddenly sold off everything at a rainous sacrifice, and fled the country. IHe went to Australia, but not being able to succeed there returned to England, and appliedto some of his creditors asking them to get him a situat ion. When the prisoner absconded, some of thecreditorsmadehim abankrupt, andthe usuallegalnotices -were left on the premises where he had last been seen, and, as he did not surrender on the days appointed, the present proceedings were instituted against him as coon as he returned tothis country. The charge against him is that he sold his stock in trade, which was worth about 3001., to a Mr. Meyer of Houndsditch, for 951. Mr. Robart Pittman, a warehouseman, of NIos. 11, 12, and 13, Bow-lane, Cheapside, Said,-In April and May, 1854, the p'isoner obtained goods to the amount of 491. 19s. 4d. from him, and he applied to him for payment on the 19th of Aprl. The prisoner said be could not pay it then, and on wltness calling on the following Wednesday he saw the shop shut up. -When he saw the prisoner's stock on the 19th of July it mnst have been worth 2.501. or 3001. John Foulger, city police-seieant 89, apprehended the ri soner at the above address on the 14th of July, and told him it was for nctsurrendering to his bankruptcy in September, 1854; he offered. to read the warrant to him, but 3JJe said therewas o necessity, for he was quites5atisfied to gow vith him. Ho nad'b3een oxpectioiaelthin of the sort. Hea lso skad he had seen'ighsc.iditors, and should have liked. to have got a situation and set asidea pat of his salary to pay them, as he'had no othle emts of doing it, and he had ace friends to, mEist him.. He knew he did wrong-in going away, and ho was- soiry mow he had done so. He went to A nstrta, I ndatried Sydney, Melbourne, and ihe digginLS, butmet with no success, and was obliged to ome back. 3 ie most leave himself entirely in the hands of his creditors. At tihe lMoor-lane station ho- searched him, and found a duhllngenhim. AldermanvryHg then folly committed him for trial. BOW-SREET. Aporter at the StrandUnionWoikhouse, who also acts as labour-master, broulght one of the paupers, a lad named'John Wick, before Mr. HENRY, for refusing to perform the task allotted to him, being work suited to his age, strength, and condition-viz., stone-brealing. The complainant, Philip Lane, proved that theprisoner refused to go into the stone-yard that evening. He made use of an oath, and vas a very,bad boy The, prisoner declared that, having received an injury vhen very young, he 'fas afraid to work- much at stone'orenlin lest he should again bring on the complaint. Ee had worked in the ateneyard for two hours in the morning, and he thought that was' as much as he could do with safety. Mr. Hxnstw.-Is it true that he has been injured as he staes ? Lane.-I assure you he is a very bad character-very bad indeed, your Worship. Mr. HsETR.-You told me that before. Repeating it can answer no purpose but to show me how very eager yon are for a conviction. I did not ask about his character, but whether he has been injured as he alleges. Lane.-I believe he has, Sir,-a little. The prisoner.-I am quite willing to work, Sir. I should not mind doing any work they put me to except stonebreaking. Mr. HERx Y.-But then you are not allowed to choose your work. After advising the prisoner to performa, for the future, the work assigned to him, whatever it might he. which he promised to do to the best of his ability, lfr. HxsE Y ordered him to he set at liberty. MAPRLDOoUGH-sTRE=r.-Corne1ius Collins, an Irishman, was charged with biting off the nose of Charles Marsh. The complainant said he lived at No. 11, Crown-street, and was a carman. On Saturday night, about 10 o'clock, he went into a publichouse in Crown-street, with his employer, t, have some beer; whi'e there, the prisoner, whom he knew by sight, came in, apparently in liquar. The prisoner began quarrelling with persons beforethebar, and wanted to get up a fight. He was sitting quietly on a bench, when the prisoner struck him a violent blow on his head. He returned the blow. The prisoner then struck him on the face and knocked him down, and then, faUingupon-him, he bit off his nose. The nose hung down, and part of it was one. He bled a great deal, and was obliged to go to the hsospital, wvhere he was at present a patient. The police-constable deposed to the brutal injury the prisoner had inflicted on the complainant. The prisoner said the complainant struck him first, and then he bit him. Committed for trial. tIRvrsoyL-m--ohn Cole, a journeyman gardener, was brought before Mr. BeOuGsON f or the third time on the charge of havin" attempted to murder a young woman named Emily Luker, servant to MIiss Clay, 9, Howvley-place, addington, by firing at horsa pistol loaded with powder and stones. Particulars of the former inquiries which were gone into have already appeared. Inspector O'Brien, of the D division, who has had the management of the case fronm the commencement, now handed to the magistrate a certificate setting forth that, from the nature of the injury which the youn wvoman had received, she could not at present be removed without danger. The prisoner, who had nothing to say,was again remanded for a week. WxSTINiSTER.-Wiliam Corkin and William Daly, two mnen well known to the police, were charged with assaulting Charles Harrison, a sailor, and by force and violence robbing him of his handkerchief. Prosecutor said that at about 12 o'clock on the previous ight he was passing through Peter-street on his way home to Esher-street, when the two prisoners, who were total strangers, came up and asked him for a. pint of beer. He replied that he had none to give them, whien Corkin immeliately seized him by the throat and held him, while Daly took his silk haukerchief from his neck, and then tried to drag his coat off. Prosecutor struggled hard to release himself, but could not call out owing to the firmness with which Corkin continued to grasp his throat. After the vain attempt to get his coat off the prisoners ran off with his handkerchief. Prosecutor. who had been drinking slightly, immediately gave information to the police, and the prisoners were shortly afterwards apprehended. In cross-examination by Daly, the prosecutor said that there was nobody else in the street at the time he was robbed but his assailants. Police-constable Arthur O'Shea, 16 B, said, that at about 12 o'clock on the previous night the prosecutor came to him, I andahaving given information of the assault and robbery described the two prisoners. They then went in quest of the accused, and met them shortly afterwards. When prosecutor pointed them out Daly ran away, and the other man was secured. On their way to the station, in turning the corner of hie Graycoat Hospital, Daly ran against the constable, and was then also captured. YMr. APN.OLD intimated his intention of committing the prisoners for trial at the Central Criminal Court for the capital offence, and remanded them till Thursday. Ann Wheeler, a woman of very genteel appearance, residing at 22, UPper Ebury-street, Pimlico, was fLnally examined, charged with stealing a roll of satin riband, value 6s. Upon being asked whether she would have the case dispcsed of bythe MAGISTR r E, or would be sent before a jury or ti,se preferred the latter, and was committed accordingly. WoRSP-STREET.-Mr. D'lyr;COUcnT has received 5s. for the poorbox from " C. C. M3" CLERKENWELL.-Richard Glover, aged 24, of Rosecottage, Frog-lane, Islington, and William Breen, aged 23, of Parsell's-court, Islington, both described on the chargesheet as labourers, but who are well known to the police as most desperate thieves, were placed at the bar before Mr. CORRIE, charged wvith being drunk and disorderly, and assaulting police constables Henry Holmes, 261 N, siamuel Pettitt, 103 N, and Edwin Hughes, 95 N, in the execution of their duty. The two prisoners, who hang about the Angel at Islington, annoying and insulting every decent person who passes, were yesterday afternoon drunk there and creating a great disturbance. Holmes went and asked Glover to go away, which he refused to do, and upon the constable proceeding to remove him he was knocked into the road in a very violent manner. Upon this Pettitt went to assist, when he was also knocked down, struck in the face, and kicked in the stomach. While they vwere conveying Glover to the station, Breen got n among the crowd, got close to the policemen, kicked Pettitt in the ribs, and struck him on the back of his bead with a brick, and otherwvise assaulted him. The prisoners denied the charge and said, the police were always pushing tnem about and would not let them Sergeant Holloway, 26 G, said that Holmes had been several times convicted-on the last occasion for 12 months for highway robbery, and the other prisoner was the constant associate of the worst of characters, and had been often in prison for robbery and violence. He was continualy warning them away, and ladies who alighted from omnibuses and cabs were especially marked out as their victims, Mr. COPnaIE said, he would put a stop to such conduct for some time. He would therefore fine them 5o. for each assault, and, in default of payment, two months' imprisonment with hard labour, Breen.-If you like you can make it fotur; it makes but Slight difference to me. Mr. CORRE.--No; I will send yout for two months, which I think wil do. Lt,marBBTR.-Thomas Doyle was charged with a violent assault on Martin Briggs, a furnittLre dealer, his father-inlaw. The defendant stated that his daughter was married to the prisoner about three months, during which time he has repeatedly rn-treated her. With the exception of two weeks, he (coiplainant) had been their chief support. A few days ago his daughter came home. Since then the prisoner had threatened to beat her, and he observed that if he could not beat her, he would beat him (complainanth Last Monday night he flung a stone at complainant's head and inflicted a severe wound on the left side, which ca;us the blood to flow freely, (Complainant had a severe wound on hiis head.) Tha prisoner was sent to the House of Correction for one month, and ivas held to bail in one surety of 201. to keep the peace for one month.
ErrTRAosRDRnIARY ADlVlMNTm.-~OnThursdayeven-. ing two juveniles, footsore and weary, en-tered the yard of the Greyhound Hotel, Bath, and inquired if they could bo accommnodatedl with lodgings for the night. Their respectable dress and superior manners, as well as the unusual nattue of their application, excited the surprise and curiosity of Mfr. Clarke, the landlord, who took his would-be guests into the htla-dpoeeded to interrogate them. Though exceedingl,v polite in their replies, they declined auffording any infor[mation, except that they were going to sea, and Mr. Clarke's suspicious were further excited by the light shoes which one of them wore and the shortness of the trousers; and he ultimately put himself in communication with the police. The children were then separated, and one of them conveyed to t'he central station and lodged for the night, the other~rermainlag at the Greyhound. Their secret was preserved untilFriday morning, when a livery servant rode a ree'king horse into the Greyhound yard, andl soon afterwards made known that he was in pursuit of a pair of juvenile fuigitives. The whole story was then developed. The children were brother and sister, the latter 14, and the former scarcely 13, the offspring. of parents in good society ; and on Thursday they had decamsped from their home at Road, near Frome. The boy had determiined to go to sea, and had intrusted his secret to his sister, whose ardent affection determlined her to accompn hima all hazards. She accordingly dre-ssed hersel in somne of his clothes, allowed him to cut her hair, which was then parted at the side, and, thus attired and disguised, they set off for Bristol as 'the n6irest seaport. As soon as theY were miissed, every effort was, of &iurse, made to discover themi, and the servant, wlo. so fortuinately met 'with them had ridden down three; oss ini the pursuit. TheY Were en Friday conveyedbakt their par-ents.-- Bristol iltercsur. PRIVATE BrILS. On Monday -was published a list
- MILITARY anc NATATl JNTBLLIGBNGJCE. The following -iter; dated Malta, July 25, is frojiour own correspondent - "The French Government steaimer Rolan arsrived ihis morning lastI from the I'ireus, bringing marshal Pelissier, 'withastaff and suiteof 100 persons. HerMajesty'sship Hiberniaseems to have been the fisst to diseovernis arrival for at 5 30 am. the good peopleoof the dockyard were roused' from their sleep by a salute of 19 guns, which 'was imnpe- diately returnedi by tho steamer; after the lapse of nearly; an hour and a half, the Town-major, in an umdress uniform, was seen wending his wvay to Nix Mangiare-stairs, and soon after the Governor's Aide-de-Camp. At 8 30 his Excellency landed under.asalute from Fort St. Angelo, and at. the Custom-house was received by a captain's gucrd. Entering the Governor's carriage, w.th Acdmiral Penaud and two of his own staff, followed by two other carridages with others of his staff, and preceded by the Town-major and Aide-deCamp on horsebacl, the partyof Crimean heroes repaired to the Palace, vhere they breakfasteadith Sir William Riad, retuning on board at about 11. The Roland will, it is said, leave for Marseilles this evening. "Her Majesty's steam line-of-battle-shi9 Algiers has arrived from Constantinople, bringing 24 offiters and 723 nonicominissioned officers and privates of the 56th, and 11 officers and 301 non-commissioned officers and privates of the 50th. GeneralCodrinigtoi did not come by her,as wa H' leIr Majesty's screw steam-transport Perseverance (whose disaster was mentioned under this head in The Times of yesterday) was got off the Lsola, or Senglea point Rocks on the afternoon of the 23d, through the exertions of Mr. Mainprise, the master attendant, and Mr. Ladd, the master shipviright of Malta dockyard. Divers have examined the vessel, and, finding no damage, she is taking in again her provisions, water, and stores, and as soon as the' troes are re-embarked she will leave for England. 4'The City of London steam-transport arrived from Leghorn on the 22d, bringing Captain Benson and one private, of the Anglo-Italian Legion, and left for Genoa on the 24th, conveying the second draught of the Anelo-Italian Legion, consisting of 11 officers, 424 non-commissioned omfcers and privates, two women, and two servants. Lienu tenant-Colonel Ready and family, and Captain Hamilton, of the 71st; Dr. CoUings, R.N., and wife; and three Sardinian seamen took passage by the same steamer. " The steam-transport W. S. Lindsay arrived [from Scutari on the 23d, bringing 57 horses, Deputy-AssistantCoamniss&ries-General Barbe and Thompson, 2 Engineer officers, 4 clerks, 2 surgeons, and SO non-commissioned offi, cers and privates, and left for England on the same day. "Tbe Clyde steam-transport arlived from Constantinople on the 23d, bringing Paymaster Hosldns for Malta, 10 officers, 1 purveyor, 1 clerk, 2 surgeons, and 516 non-commissioned officers and privates of the 1st Battalion Royal Artillery, and having in towv the Camel mortar-boat. " The Newpelton steam-transport arrived on the 24th from Constantinople. " The Minna screw-steamer arrived from Balaklava and Constantinople on the 25th, bringing Major iGray, 11 other officers, 109 non-commissioned officers and privates. " The Clarendon steam-transport left for England on the 23d; the Seahorse mortar steamvessel on the 24th; and Her Majesty's steam-frigate Dragon on the 23d. "The English brig Speculation arrived from 1amiesh and Constantinople on the 25th. " The Camel French postal steamer arrived from Constantinople, Smyrna, and Syra on the 23d, bringing, among other passengers for Marseilles, 54 non-commissioned officers and privates of the British Swiss Iegion, Major Haviland, Captain Scott, and 42 officers, non-comminssioned officers, and privates of the Erench army. "; The Capitole French postal steamer left for Marseilles on the 24th, conveying Colonel Ribotti, of the AngloItalian Legion, and 25 non-commissioned officers and priyates of the Anglo-Italion and British Sw/iss Legion. "&The Prophete French screw steamer left for Tunis on the The sailing-transport George Rogers arrived at Spithead yesterday, from Constantinople and Malta, with 423 of the Osmanli Horse Artillery and the following officers:- Colonel E. W. Crofton, Lieutenant-Colonel IL M. Iundy, Majors the Hon. E. Plunkett (Aide-de-Camp). E. G. Bredin, and A. R. Murray; Captains A. C. Murray, G. V. Carleton, W. De Norman, B. Yeoman, C. Piers; Lieutenants J. Lord, J. Thurbmrn, N. Dogherty, G. Smith, M. Nelson, W. Woolley, and E. Weston; Lieutenant and Adjutant J.MLaughlin,Surgeons G.Benton and W.Stewart, and the Rev. Mr. Robinson, chaplain. The James Watt, 91, Captain Talavera V. Anson, disembarked her force of the Land Transport Corps on Monday at Portsmouth, and some went to Browndolwn Camp and others to London yesterday. The officers were-Majors J. Salis, H. Hutton, and G. Forster; Captains W. Corbett, C. Palliser, W. Lawson, C. Hutton, J. Young, W. Gair, F- Holmes, and D. Sullivan; Lieutenants B. Sherwood, H. Clarke, C. Chevalier, F. Blaizeby, J. Bodkin, J. Crowe, W. Talbot, and J. Milne; Cornets G. Tasker, J. Baird, J. Cummin, J. Findlay, Stapleton, Stuart, B. Burke, and W. Powell; Adjutants T. Mitchell, A. Baird, and W. Shakelton; Quartermasters G. Blake, J. Bairstow, and A. M'Donald; Paymasters A. 31Bride, J. Moon, and W. Boyd; Staff-Surgeon A. 'Arrthur, Staff Assistant-Surgeons J. A. Marston and J. Leech, Assistant-Surgeons Dickenson and Foysted, and Veterinary-Surgeon T. P. O'Donnell. The James Watt is in need of repairs again in her machinery, and is ordered to Devonport. Her Majesty's ship Carnatic, 72, in ordinary in Portsmouth harbour, is ordered to be fitted up as a floating storehouse, to:receive provisions returned from the Crimes. Her Majesty's steam-sloop Bulldog, Commander Gordon, left Spithead on Monday evening for the westward. The floating battery Meteor, 16, was docked at Portsmouth yesterday for repairs, after her hard war service. Her Majesty's steam-frigate Rtetribution, 24, Captain Fisher, left Spithead last evening for the eastward, with the 10-gun brig Royalist in tow. Her Majesty's ship Alban left Portsmouth yesterday for t&-e westward with supernumeraries. The follovwing officers have taken up their commissions, and joined the Wasp at Sheerness :-Dugald 'Ewan, M.D., as surgeon; 1st Lieutenant H. B. Woolcombe; Mr. Robert Bone, Paymaster. Tho Wasp has been masted, and is progressing with her standing rigging. Her reported destination is Australia and the East Indies. The new screw steam-corvette Scylla, 21 guns, in No. 1 dry dock at Sheerness, is being hastened in the fitting of her engines and machinery. Her screw (mixied metal) propeller, weighing S tons 14 cwvt 1 qr., of 23 feet 6 inches pitch, of 16 feet dip, and 3 feet length on lino of keel, was fitted to the mainshaft yesterday, and she has been pat into the fitting basin. Messrs. Rigby and Co., under the superintendence of Mr. Caldwell and Mr. Hutchinson, have conmmenced preparing the foundation for an extensive testing-house at Sheerness, for proving chain cables and anchors. The site of ground was approved by the Lords of the Admiralty on their last visit to Sheerness. This establishment when completed will obviate the necessity of anchors, &c., manufactured at Sheerness and Chatham-yard, being sent to Woolwich to be proved, and it will also be appropriated for testing all anchors and chains, &c., sent in by the different contractors. A letter from fongkong, dated June 10, gives the following naval new,s:-" There are at Hongkong the ships-ofwar Winchester, Nankin, Coromandel, Levant and Jorge Juan. The following vessels are thus stationed:-At MEacao.-The Portuguese corvette Don Joao I., and the Portuguese brig Modego. At Whampoa.-Her Majesty's brig Bittern. At Fuchow.-Her Majesty's sloop Racehorse. At Shanghai.-Her Majesty's sloop Comus, and steamers Encounter and Hornet. Subjoined is a list of vessels which have arrived at Honglong from England:-May 23, the Challenger, from London; 25th, ihe Spitfire (American), from London; 26th, the Johanna Maria, from Cardiff; 28th, the John Taylor and the Spirit of the Age, from London; June 4th, the Jane Isabela, from London. The Queen Mlargaret left Hongkong for London on the 14th of May, and the Berwickshire sailed from Whampoa on the 22d. of May." A court-martial assembled on Monday on board thefilagship Impregnable, in Hamoare, for the purpose of inquiring into the circumstances attending the grounding of the troopship Beleisle, Commander James Hosken, on the morning of the 12th of June, on the Englishman's Shoal in the Bosphorus, while on the passage to England. The Court was pre. sided over by Admiral Sir James H. Plumiridge, and consisted of Captains Eyre, Hutton,Wellesley, Lowe, Fanshawe, i Bayly, Broadhead, Jervis, Wire, Grenfield, and Hewlett- The evidence was very voluminous, and went to show that the Belleisle left Kazatch on the evening of the 9th of June, and that on the evening of the 10th she hove to about 40 miles off the Bosphorus. The weather was thick and hazy, and so continued. On the morning of the 12th, about half. past 1, the lights at the entrance to the Bosphorus were descried, and the Belleisle bore away for them, but the weather thickening they were obliged to bear up again. About 5 o'clock one of the crew fell overboard, and, there being upwards of SO0 soldiers on board, some confusion prevailed. Half an hour later the ship grounded on the Englishman's Shoal, whereshe remained two days, but, being lightened, was got off wvithout receiving much damage. The commander, in defence, stated that he had warned the master of the dangerous eddies which prevailed, and, while doing so on the last occasion she struck. The master, Mr. Richard Hutchings, attributes the grounding to an error in judgment, which he did not discover until after the accident. The Court were of opinion that blame was attributable to both tho commander and the master, and they adjudged the former to be admonished and the latter to be severely reprimanded. Her Majesys ship Queen, 116, Captain Robert P. Stop. ford, from Portsmouth, arrived at Plymouth on Monday. The crew of the steamship C rnwallis, 60, Captain George G. Wellesley, are appointed to be paid wages at Plymouth on Wednesday, the 13th of August. The traslsport ParameN, from th,t; Crimea, with gons belonging to the Qeeii, and other Government stores, ar- rived at Pl*nouth on Monday, ard' went up Hamoaze yesterdaty to discharge. Yesterday morning a 'nnberof3 a%pounder field batriesk with upwards of 1,000 :iwjs~ bf, "the Royal Artillery, were exercised on Plumat-ead-commo~in, -where they want through a seriei of evolutions f6r,'threa'hoiaxsj Two~ troops and' SOme detachmients of Hforse Artilery . were exercised at the. *The ste6am-trans'post Englakd, 'lying -in theo VictoriaL Doclks, ,isbeing laden' with -the compeenI f us wa ggona. and utensils composiniitlie Kbteyo froqa Woolwnich for'the Cape of Good TeEi~ will lik-ewise take~ ont to the Cape, ifiadtio otecm plete Khattery, a'number of exr rtfcrs siti n tendedI to convert the two companiesofuondAriey already stationed there into efficienit fedbatteries The ransort illam ~heatey, o. 08, arrived at. Woolich estrdaymoring, an entredthe V istoria, Docr t dichagemedcalstoes &c, fom heEast. The ranport Vitori, Abar,andBritannia left Woolichyestrda moning haingbeen discharged the! The new frigate of immnense size, now in course of buildaing at the Royal D)ockeyard it Pembroke, the Diadem, is so advanced in her construction as to be ready to be immaedli atel caelked, for which purpse'rpen have arrived at the yadfrom P'lymouth. The Dadem is the first of the newcasof eanormous frigates, buildingto maech the Americans, and, though only to carry 32 gone, yret her length and tonnageareequa toa shp o thelin. He legthis 240 feet, andhertonag wll eewaas f 250 tos.The'arma- Amenftisa shp .il be.enormou ts,ben 32 thpondrso lm'ent. or enginesar to the ofr1,00-hrMster pwr, Pn, aseheryn modtel For -.cedngymaotr At is e Cpetedshe wil the veraist.r A large nubeo m heni Furlye;Paymaher, sitrsi,C alsoe adacn.J.Yebt AdmunrAlt Rowaser.PC.Ceet, to the Inflexible;AstatPysr Tolhn H. Shirreff, to the Elxmouth - Pobert Beith, Surgeon to the Fisgard; Samuel A. D. :Wels Surgeon to the Brilliant ; and Archibald 1PlutClnte, Surgeon to the Amethyst.
THE FATALL COLLIERY EXPLOSION IXV GLAMORGANVSHIRR. PO1XTYPR IDD, JULY 29. The inquest upon the bodies, of the unfortsnate men who were killed by the recent disastrous eolliery explosion in the Rhondda-valley was resumed this nmorning at half-past 10 o'clock. The same interest was manifested throughout the day as was witnessed yesterday, so large anumberof persons being present, that the shed which had been erected proved far too small for their accommodation, and much inconvenience was occasioned to the coroner, the jury, and the leoal gentlemen engaged, t say nothing of the press and the publio enerally. E:ver since the occurrence.of the accident it has been the theme of general conversation throughout South Wales, and public meetings have been held and subscriptions raised for the relief of the survivors at Bristol, Cardiff, Yewport Chepstow, Monmouth, and various other towns. hL-. Pouden, on the p art of the Home-office; Messrs. Evans, Mack-worth, and Dvickinlson, the Governmlent in.pecters; Mr. Huddleston, for the owners and managers of of the mine; and Mr. Owen, renresentng not. only the survivors, but the colUiers of the whXole district, were again present, and took part q the inquiry. il;During the short absence of the jury yesterday Mr. Poulden, a gentleman connected with the Home-office, arrived by train from London, and on their reassembling the coroner took en opportenity of stating the fact. Mr. Poulden said that he was sent down by the Romeoffice to give every assistance in his power. The Government were extremely anxious that the fullest investigation of this deplorable accident should take place, and he was there for the purpose of promoting the inquiry, anl of hearing suggestions from any person present. Mr. Davis, surgeon, of Cymner, deposed to being present at the mine shortly after the accident, and seeing the bodies brought up. Many of them were burnt, biLt all the coUiers k-lled were suffocated by the choke damp. There were 15 badly burnt, 21 slightly, 73 suffocated without burning, and l bruised; making altogether 114. Five were brought up alive, four being badly burnt, and one labouring under asphyxia. The namesof three of the men burnt.were Thomas James, William -Jones,tand John Thomas; the other name he did not know. The boy who was bronghtup suffering from 3sphyxia was named Davis. The injured persons were unable to he p resent yet, but were reeoverin.vHe did notthink that any of the sufferers died from the effects of the bruises. It was impossible to sayiwbether they would have died from the urns, because he bad seen persons recover vwho had received worse burnsathan those he witnessed. Mr. Wiliams, coliery surgeon, deposed to the accuracy Of the plan produced, and sted that he was acquainted with the course of the air at the part of the coliery where the explosion took place. The pit is of an oval shape, and is 10 feet 6 inches by 9 feet G inches, but part is pratticed off, which reduces it 2 feet 6 inches. The part pratticed off is used as ai ipright shaft, and the area of that portion is between 9 and 10 feet; the prattice is composed of brick at the bottom and wood at the top, the larger portion of the pit being used for winding, pnmping, and as a downcast shalt. The air on reaching the bottom of the pit travels along the level headin- southward to a place called Evans Phillips heading, smaa'l portions being allowed to escape at different places in order to ventilate the old workings, and eventually, after ventilating the northern portion of the mine, it returns to the unat shaft- the portion pratticed off. The explosion was in the southern part of the working. The witness also described at very considerable length the mode of ventilating the various headings and working stalls of the mine. The proceedings were adjourned at half-past 6 o'clock. On the jury reassembling this morning, Mr. Huddleston said that he had an application of considerable importance to the ends of justice to make. They had it in evidence that several of the survivors were too il to be present, and, as it was usuial in aUl cases to examine the persons present on the spot in the first instance, so as to get at the main facts, he suggested that the proper course would be to adjourn the inquiry until the injured persons were able to attend. He was very glad indeed that the Government, in their natural desire to protect the interest of every class of society, had sent down a legal gentleman to give his assistance to the coroner, who, he had no doubt, -was just as anxious as he (Mr. Huddleston) was, representing the owners and managers, that the investigation should be of the most searching character; and he hoped that, as it would occasion a great waste of time if they went on with any other class of evidence in the meantime, that learned gentleman would agree to the adjournment. Mr. Owen said that it was most important that the investigation should be of such a character as to satisfy the miners that nothing was stifled, so that if any blame was to be attached the guilty persons should not escape. If the coroner and the jury considered that justice would be better secured by an adjournment he had no objection. MTr., Poulden said that inasmuch as he had been aupealed to, it was necessary that he should make one or two observations. HIe came down yesterday for the purpose of attending the proceedings of this court, and, in order that there should he no doubt about his exact position, he would refer to his instructions 'rom the Home-ofice which stated that gthe gentleman selected is not to take the investigation out of the hands of the coroner, he is not to assmume the position of a rosecutor, but he is sent down to give hi professional d in eliiting the fullest information as to the causes of this disastrous catastrophe." Those instructions were founded upon the 10th section of an act of Parliament passed in the last session, which provided that every coroner holding an inquest should, unless some person bo present on behalf of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to watch the proceedings, adjourn the inquiry until be can arrive. He was not there for the urpose of advising either .r. Huddieston or Mr. Owen; hut, Tf he could do anythin to elicit the circumstances of the case, or throw any light on the transaction, it.was his duty to do so. Hle therefore felt houtnd to accede to any courlse which the Coroner should think calculated to promote the ends of jutstice. T&he Coroner said, that as a general rnle be was opposed to adjournments in cases ofthis kind, as they tended to keep alive excitement in the district; but, as it had been put to him that it would be inconsistent with justice to go on with the other part of the case until these men had been examined, he could not resist the application. At the samne time he thought no inconvenience w ould result from contiasuing the ex-osination of Mir. Williams as to the system of ventilation. After some further discussion it was agreedthat anadjournment should take place at the close of the day to Monday week. ltr. Williams was then recalled, and was examined by Mr. Evais, one of the GovernmentinVspectors lie deposed as follows:-The total length of the main air current for the ventilation of the south side of the old Cymnmer colliery was 10,325 yards (between five and six miles), and the passage of that air current depended upon air doars, at numerous points of which there were 67, including stall. doors, some of which were single and others doable. In moat of the stall-doors there was a liability to leakage, but that was not the case ;ith the double doors. A great many of the heading doors are partial; that is, there is on either side a small opewrng for the purpos3 of allowing the air to pass into the headings so as to ventilate the dravwing roads as well as the stalls. He believed that the leakage to which he referred would not diminish the qaantity of air passing along the main workings more than is necessary, but there could be no doubt it would injuriously diminish the scain current of air. The double doors were for the purpose of intercepting the air altogether if necessary. AllR the doors w;ere blown dowfn at the time of the explosion. In reply to a ouestion (in Welsh) from one of the jury, the witness said that he bad made the tracing produced since the explosion. He was not aware whether tle air went throng a heading called John Carmnawr's heading, which led into the old workings, he not having examined it because it was abandoned. By Mr. Owen.-I did not consider it necessary to go to that old working. It was not because I was afraid there was firedamp there. By the Coroner.-I was engaged to put on the doors, and John Cannawr's heading being abandoned I did not conaider it necessary to go there. 'he doors have been put on since the expolosion; I have put them on as near as I can say at the same placses. By Mr. Enddleston.-Ilhave endeavoured to show in this plan the state of the mine before the explosion. Ibelieve that there was a door at the connencement of John Carmawr's bendiDg before the accident- there was a doorframe there, and I put another one there. Byg the Coroner.-I have been through the works since the accident. The moat striking apnearance thtat I witnessed wras at the month of a .heading called GBriffith Williams's Heading, and at the top of the straighthead ing ; but I cannot say that the explosion did not take place in other headings. I did not examine the headig with the view of examining where the explosion took place; and ill give no opinion upon it, because that is a very serious queston- 1 merely went there to put up the doors. <The foreman of the jury expressed a wishthat theyshould be furnisbe&'wth the old mnap anad hiot the one pr&1umced. The cocener'informued them thata verified copy should be ZfurnishCd - <. The pnroceedings were thaelde~ae ior ais hour. - ^
SALES BY AUCTION. To Draper, Silknmeroers, Shippers, and others. UR. THROMIAS AHEMMING will SELL by AUCIsL TION. at his Booms, on Friday vext. August l. at 11 siznctuwly. about 400 lots of rich SILKS aud GENER DRAPERY GOODS, nearly all new goods. On vkew the day prior, and catalogues had. No. 124. Edgewsre-road.--Oils. Colours. Varntsbee, Tar. and the uual Stcck, Fixtus and IJtens ofanOiland Colour Man. . J-R. JAMEShEVELL will SELL by AUCTION, . . as above, en the Premises, wit.ot the least reserve, Toznorrow, July 3L. On view the day prior and m.rning of sale. Catalogues on the premnises: and at the auctioneer's offices, 272 Oxtord-street. Genuaine Household Frniture and Effects. R. BWKINGS will SE:LL, at his Rooms, 6, teo-gos. arletne o Fidy,AUgsTIO, t atfo 1 the genuine FURNIJPRE, &c. forn bed and ittin g rooms, hina plated atitleB, and ornamental items, kitchen range. weighing machine, carts andother elfects. T amview on ursdayafter 2 andmorningUof sL, and catgloguee had. IslingteoSrelecc a.nd ver secure Inveldrentsd-Seent genteel Reotfoncee. 1U R. ORPWO(PD will SE LL by AUCTIO1N, at the en Tuesd.on Viedne-day. Augu3t 13. at 12. inrsix lots. die i, 5 and 7, Oxfordguad. and 12,e14. 1, and 1S, Cleveand-ad Isingbss: tesm 5 vyears b grounnd reRntstrfing, ansnu u £217 May11 be iw eannel0 Tlasd prorthoe teersonayind,t eregtuintein] whk entso partilares, panob cbtained at eMr. Orpueoyd's auction nfcse, replace, Fiasbu-- Ot¶aae. and Mart. 2Z, Weflingeo isouare, pXtres-road, Ctssleea,-ro.Sehold tEmddiure and Effeeodc t BRAY, Jun., will SELL. on the Premises, as sd TLaboe,s o-mor Row, JuYeas late at 12, modrngsFam M aOUskHD Ff TR Do1mpr°ioing nchimnSeyglasstut girandble, mahoganY pembroke, loo, and dining tables, china andgin canpt,c4ues, fendees and ire oeiron, mnh2sny and jpaln.edredsteads, bedsan Lbedding, chesnt of drabuers, LIwasMtandu, sd the usual aroemblage of household effecnt May be viaed and catbvogueswhad sos the premtes andot tthe autdioneer, 1o, WinAs-rocd, Beoford-rov;. Poanty, Surrey.-Ehgln Investmeut.-Copyhotd Ground Bentso.the Manor of aibndo,dndvauleekxwl.T ml Caporslols.-tyM and EAiCTg cn Tuesday. August . at5 oclock in the evening, by directioncor the 'oforegagee under a powier of slet, t~HE valuable Ground Rent, of £11 5g. per alUllnal, S and the reversionRyKintereet, In the rAck rentsof 21 cottagesd tpodotig £119 IS, per annum, the term of which oxpires in 187, situate in CookLs-huildings, near te 1aUo Moon Tavem,Lower ichmond-re Particulars msy be bad of 0. Hull, EHo., rintr, 11, Poultry, city - nd of the wncttoneer, Potosy, Su rry. iore-sh o raey, Wilsonpnaect, se. Iteonsrd'i Shoreditch, Middlesex. -Freehold Prearty.7at lee lW.T. to OOD will aBtL baAnof TIOpe a t May be S viewebon Frdasy,A- on of the Ee, vtg a4dire ronoa K tl d ecuton and Trunstee Df&a . h obeo t Yeats,i et Jonef b ins, maslicinor Ne Brigestee, laDas,aE d f tGhOe FS auc itoatrsa2O anocdbInglo..1 5.t4,h and 6. moremar'.Hbosldins. }Horse-ehoearpet, St. l on d's, Shoed. withENwrhop adAoning. The SEhnl L producirga rack: rental of about his0 per annum. The above property in now, leaeod to ?fr. Foreman fore term expiring 2Sth December. 1S52, )t Agrond rentof £25 percannum. bMytbesv,eedhbrarpJieaWion to the ecatiDng cod paniirulars had of M onds. Groon s nd O,8, Angel-court, citey at the Mast; or oC ar.W. T. Atw ood, autctioneersd land agent,Motlake, Snrrey. eioeghon sad Vlerkenoeil.-To Small Capitalrsts and Buiading Saocietiet ijUESSP.S. BROOKRS and BEAi are i:nstructed to ILL SE5LL bY AUCTION, at GarrawaysM, on Thurdy, August 7, at 12, the following long I,EASEHO0LDS, in lots, viz,. 8, Brnnswickparade, Baintbury. nlngton; alno, a very desirable House and Premiess, with workshops at the rear, ituateNo. Si uoaeoraton-late. ClerkenweAll:and a very desirable corner Shop andEPromise, with b4oLarn*oe ad vataofbeinlg.a the strear, stuhe fio7scOodpouaUtionar-ow Coeken let t b rfesapectabletena ntg , a tea rent of00tpa nnum. Ma y be viewed by permision of the t6nant5, slid patrticua; rs and sondrihog5-°tfrest,laokniszr; aand aonf the eauctoneers, 2C9, Piccadilly. -pnder a Distraint, for Ibent, l e.Cy .lsal Drgrjstet. etnd Surgeons' -FIittince. inodernHousehold3?arnlluro, Carpets. Glasses &o.. MR5. HENR3Y A. MIORTON wsill SELI by AUC.' Cr2IS D=2TjohidRoo°xGrn. 5, ;td&sireet.til*tenbve oerD rar d, L coacbfrnturs trand effetsed conisteinlg of-bedostead Pandbedng, theia o' drawers, wanatnds anodresGing tables, loo, card, and occasional tables, drwivFng room suite Ir anunt, chismne. pier, and toilet gla5' icudinumeronts msiellaneous items. MLay betviewved the day prior n [mornine of sale. Catalogues had of the anlttoneer, as above, and 'River Cottoge, Horusey. illeiotetlishire-Vale of Festin20.--By Mfr. JOHtgSOlr, at the Oakley Anna, Tansb;vlcb, in August, lonlens previouslydispesed of oy private contract,I , ilost valuable Freehold E§state, situate In the far- . f~amed vSe o£FeOStntog, cousistingof the farmscsllcdfloallc Ianr-avon, Eron y M7ancd, comprising shout 701 acr. mtnoe or Iless tu the parishes-ofMactienirog and Festiniog. There are nearlyr 100 acr.es of 'hriing'oak and other plastatians on the estats, also several beautiful sites for, building purposes, and extes2ive rights of commnons. The er iTvsog run throug 2shn p)astOof nZthe estate, a lStram ce2ebrated for made to Mr. Thomas Sharp, Corwen; fifees. Lethbisldge sodMackaelL -25, Ahinedon-etreet, ILondon; or to the auctIoneer. Wrexhaca. The tena nts will showv tlerenpeetise lot,. UDioer Ifollowvay, adcjoining St. .Jobs's C2hurch; In the high road.- EFrechold VIlla Rlesidenxce, wthi eraclojig Grounds antd good Bultdinjg Frontagel;v wthout reserve, (uness previouSly di~spoud of by iU7R.DAIEL, CRONflt EIIS byt'UCTION A, at hrTranray's, ,on Tuesd2ay, Augusrl2 at :12, a.vauable -FBEE: 'WO,D ESTATE'ceonslsing of a sup:erior. vih residene. on the high rSoad, rlos to the four¢th mLlertorte ahUpperMgoU}owa. utttng upon The rentedence and-grdoundsh bas ae¢fr4obntsags-of 15,3e feet. y ndepth 410 fett, and in addition to*iheaelsist'.;cor.ece,iatro,s, present Dn ercitB opooluniy.fo ihe coeagttono a lage incomet by ground ~s; .Of aei e . DDimmOCK and Barbe. soliciorr,.nffolk-sns, Cs taon ttree,t * to. Lowe, Fsri, architct,. Churh.hcourt, Cleneat'>S-Ie, 1;J .a .b o , W .; - * l~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~~~~o AbolteRss,out2.iose a tereds, _- aw RIE:SSRS. BROML1;jA sad SON W All SElL b)y iWsarelzM x o z"M` s5w8XG.;*fonxr rlf:4£{ M78ii5,tte 1YJ AUCTION, at hef ~i°a on wedewlq. Prs'farltt , term Cen. Ceeols Itni.I ~ ae abl.e at.the deat m , 'bedudr s -e Ft~a Misers. J. T. andg B dd dP".1e moilb , 48.Leuin-utot. God m s, n'- - i8 rl d^ ' p 1 g ( a :e ; a n 'o f U th e sot eel , 1 7r h oa d noefvl al. ra. LSt.e MESS ; BROWELEY and SON will SELL by XUCTs3SI072 athehAuleM4 u der ,a t2, a llOe , et the Warnedon NcL e aty 12,b ot twti sube nz!y gnd newvly bulX tt feellglorn 5Xl5ml6c,K 63Sand C?, Hlgh-seee, Shadwehi- letf onltC rvtehtfr r of 21 yeses, ate an,held under ibe Shdwe tte t trlndtrentof£ed. May be iewed. Par..uicnulssbado iLteJones, aeQ., soliitor, 9. Quality-court, t hanoezy-Isnola rm e of 2ale; and of the suctoneers. 17. omamereal-roadd St. GGrore ast. Votes for South Eaee.-To Small Capitalai, MSembers of BoilSing Soiets,nd oLhers-E!igible Freehold Property for Iettins, Stra: 13SS1RS. BROMLBsEY land SON will SELL by AUCTION.st the dnert. onAugust6, Ai .6, at 12. br order of the FoprIetor, ew4 loy-b iEt newly-buElt SI . NR Ll4 HOIJSE,. bor.4 to52, East-street, 4lHnby-pankta fodegaove,rechcontfoming fe roomS, wellten,antedat nd producingr aental o: £1l0perannum,. land-tax redeemed. Say be vieied. id rttculau had at the Swan ed ring' Head lre, Stantford; Bromley rsms, Bowu; Neo Shef aeld, RElitoos, 6S. Old eroad street ale; al nd of the aco -, I Ceoneerlo 17, Commercial-road, St. G,gesst. Compact ltedrtold peropey y Sor Inveetment, Suepuey. jIASSRS. BROMLEY and SON will SELL by Ar C AUCTION, on Wednesday. August 6, at 12, at the Hart. m two lots, FIVE newlr-Ouilt Db ELLN 37G-H L 4SE 4. Xos.47.53,15. 65 and 57. ner tree lod 3balar, puulie-hoose. St. Ann's-road, Cansiroad. Stepcy. Rental, £184 per annom. Iease direcS from tbe ireeholder, 97 years, at the low yromd rent of £3 it. metf per annmh. .'or eaeh borue Tbe fdxturs wil be includedl in the onrcbase. Miay be viewred. Particulars hid at the Lord Rsedau. asioin4ogahe ternperty; .Nee Globe. Mille-end; Britanoja Taveru, Llmnehouse; of Mlessrs. Marten. Theoma$s ar,d Hollsrms, olicitors. 35, Commercial Sale Itoorns, Minting lane; pl,ce of sale; an) of the auctioneers, 17, Cormeerrial-road. St. George's et. ImportandLeaseleoldproperry.DaLrtonand 5±oxton,prodncing £iiper I SSRS. BROMILEY and SOEL will SELI by .tUC,TrOs, on Wednesday, Aut 13, at tthe Isart, (bnlesra drSion lodteqoxdtor byof ath e contract.)inlts. EIGllT substantial brick-uilt HOUSE;S being bei. 36,37 S 39, 40, 41, 42, andf4, Wenloceleet. New North-roadn lloxoo. itental £263 per annum. Term 98 ys. Low around rent :e £5 the oer satoo for tnch Louse. tleuse oidetaeeld modern Re2sdencey, ne. 2,3, 4a th and 6, Annes VillA, RSchmond-road east. Queen-s-rered, Dalatan, Iten' £220 per annum, Term 91 years. LowT ground renito £2 2s er annum for each home MSay beiewed. Partleulars hadof Messrs. Morris,Stone, frusneon, zrudMZorris solicitor, Moorgae-stvch,snbers; 2,ll,tdeton Armr, Quaenl'c.roadL Dalstons; 7 oof sale; andof o£he aUCtUOneers, l7,Cormcercial.read, St. '5eornes east, 3IAR. W. THOMIPSON will SELL by AUCTION, X Rlt Grrraway's, on Tuesday, August S, at Ipreisely hy direrdion of the ExsecutrIx of the late W. Tralor. Esq., a EXASEESOBD DWELLING-HOUJSE, siSnate end being i7b. 53, Ufeper Stamfusd:~ street, Waterloo-road. he'ld f-r an uineapirel teemn of ug;7ards of 30 years. yaa seam a ground nent, late in the ocr_eation of the deanosed andtotbe aenua alue of i rs. May be viewed ,and ptrSlartcoltahed of H. lewellin. esq., 22. Chanorsy-Iac, e aedof theouuelooneer bSIA Soutbampt n-row n rosee us-sqla-me. yp SSA. I~To BrAM n aisui lkUCrLs D ar insRtW.THOebtPSON pr ill SELL by AUCTION t Hat TGarraHaI'.., on T3esday, Antu2t 5. alt precisely, the L.EAS for 31 yearn, t.he fixtures, utensetl in trade, anrd goodwiSllof an oldretabllshed, full- dSeed BRElAD and BISCOUIT BAKZER, 12. RIvlerterrace, Maden-fanse. }igscrs. May he viewved and partieeilax2 bad of Hf. ewrellSSn. 1 :q., 12, Cbanoee-ylao: asod at the otlfles of the auctioneer, 5Sa, SOuthauepton-row. Rorsetl- quare. City Freehelde-L-itt)c Trinity-lane, Ou2ee SLthe. 1IjIESSRS. ASLA\ and BUCKLAND arei LYE.. inetrurted by the Proprietor to BELL, by AUUIcION, at the HOI,D HSOUES anJd SHElO3PS, beingNor, 27 andtb28, ISle Tezlty lar.e, between New Cannon-teet west and ,QuenbiSthe, city, let to Nr. Ps,smore an old ad rrectble tenant, at ole low rtes, of £50 per annum, nut of the estimated value of £S0 per annum. May be viewed bypermlreiooof the tenant; and poeticulses, 'ith condiStitesof sale, hid of John Macbl. FeD,Es., soliSdtor, 34, Cenon- treotweSt: of Messes Heslam&U and Buckland, auctione er ue rrr tBdig dz Cscnonstreet wes t, cdb. n rrtos a edng n 3 ]1,fESSRS. HAeSLAMo deBiUM LA!D ae in. LtL gtructed to SELL, at the Mart, THIS DAY. July 30. at 12, the LEASE of a convenient and desirable DWELLUnGO-OUSE, being No. 29. Cummnng-etreet, New-rod PentonviUe held on lease for 22 years, from Christmas ist. atag aundrentof £ll4perann-an, containing three receptiot rooms, small Ibrary, three good bed rooms, A large kitchen, servant's room, coal acd wine cellr, and the usual offices, with a gardenin the rear. ot the nlue of £4Dper annxm. ay bhe viewed at any time, and pwuticlars, with conditions of salehad at the Mart ; of Measu-Tacker and New, nolicitors 25. Clemeint , lane, Lombard-strt: or of Meesrs. Haslarn and Huckland& aunn tinneens and surve"oMe It Readinv.%nd No.89. uannonstreetwoatcitb. Absolute Sale.-Oil Paintir6s, N ngravings, Indian Bullock Car. in Gold milsree, Porelain Pagod 3 n i , Gilt Ind=n Deities, d ai . GODDARD hbas received instructions to SELL 1 b oy ALCTION, t the ooms 21, Old Bond-street, on Fiday Aug. L at Ll, the genui.e COLLECTION of a genteman, removeA for ons(menien of sale; Consisting Of epecimens of the foreign and Tui;lieh edrools, among others the Eead of St. Peter. Spagnolette; Cruci&sixin, Old Franks; HIoly Fan ly, Guid: Casal Scene. Berkbev den.- and specimnen of Turner, ELneeld, Mbrelend, Calerot. foI lisnis,O'Conno; Armdueld:, uysdael, Iteinagle, Opie. Pyne, 'Wilson. &c. To be viewied day previously and mnorning of tale. Catalogues miay be had at the Rooms; and at Ur. Goeldasd's ofices, 54, Clilemnanstreet. cityv. Grapvrnor-pnre, Cainbcreli-Uroad.-Desirable Leasehold I'rol,erties for invre3'ment or ocupation, let to very rapectable tenunts, and prodicnga rental of £230 per annum. . GODDAReS has received instructions to SELL by IN UC a t the Grosvenor Ams, Grosvenor-park, Criberwell-road, on Tuesday, August 5, at 4 for 6 precisel% m four lote, POUP. vary subetantially-erected and well-finished RESIDE74CES, being Noe. l and 2 and 10 rnd 11, Grosvenor-park north, with gardens 'at the rear, let at rents of £30 per annum each house, term 55 years lunexgired at ground rentz of I£X6 per annum each. Alsoe five well-budt Dwkiin g-hoiuses. Noa 1, 2. 3, 4, and 1O, C0ril-street. Bere Iord-treet, Walvortb. let at rentals smounting to about £124 per anneus held for a term of 76 years. at a ground rent of £83 ner annmum, and a Freehold Tenement, with vote for the county. in Hill-street, Peckham. To be viewed by permission. PArticulars may e had of Messrs. Chester and Sons, solicitors, Newingt-bhutts; of J. It. Summers, Es., cohicitor, Harp-lane, Tower-street; at the plAce otf sale. ad at Mx. Goddard's offic5, S Coleman-street. To Print and t30k Sellers,an4 CollectorA.-In BankrUptcy. BESSRS. DEW and KEYSELL will SELL by MlL,AUCTION, at their Pooms. 35, Camoesile-atreet, Bishopegate, To-morrow. at 12, the STOCK of framed and naframed nodern EhGRAVINGS, fine proof imPresions, etchings, frames, mouldiugs, ac. Catalogues to be had of J.G. Mofrton, v.q., Solicitor. 6, Broad-streetbutldins : and of the auctioneerg. 12. Blehorsgete without. To Psiu. Prlnters:Brolrers -In Bautuptey. S3SERS. DEW and KEYsELL (printer' aUclit tioneers and valuers) are instructed by the Asignees o r. Palmer to SELL by A.UCTION, on the Ureimes, 6avoy-street4Strand, onTueeday.Aagmr 9,and three followingdaysar 12.without rereatho CONTENTS of the exteusive PItNTiTNG I30TABI. slLdEh3, camprising3f abeittons4of type,inexcelleut rondition.irontimpoingeurf.ces, live tons of leads, frames, racks, chases, 10 iron presses double crown scandinavian machine by Hopkinson. 3 horse power tabie engines, iron toilers and tanks, S-Inch ram hdraulio pres, .10.000 glared board geantity of strai piping. ,rettmg tbreughs, gas fittings. fixtres,m standing Presss, iron repository, Ac. Mlay be vie;wed the Saturday and Menday before sale, and entalogues.. with printed specimens of the tree, tobeahad of C. Lee, Esu., official assignee, 20, Arderitnanbuy; MIessrs. Lanreuse, Plewvs, and Bayer, solictors,14.OId JIewrY-chamherts; and of the auctioneer. 12. Btshopsgste without. Simall Freehold Ground Rents.-Iiile.end New-to vo .I ESSRS. DEW and KEYSELL will SELL by . AUCTIOH . at the Mart on WedWday. August 2a. at 12, FREEHOLD GlOUND RENiT of £6 10Ci. and £16 Ss Der annum, weU secured upon seven houwea in Albert-teriace andUnderwood. street, Buxton-sreet, Mile-end New-townr. Particulars to be had of Mewsm. SewelL. Fox, and Sewell, soicitore, Greehau Rouse. Old Sroad. street: at the Mart: and of the anctioneera, 12, Biabopegate without. Mildmay-park, Salle-pond-road, Islligton.-Leasehold fnvettmentor Occupation. IESSRS. DEW and KEYSELY; will SELL by LA. AUCTION. at the Mart. Wednesday. Aku ..at 12. in two lots. TWO excelUently-buit long LEA,SEHOLD D ELLm NzG-HOUSES, situate and being Nos. 37 and3S. Mildmay- ark;, Ball's-pond-road, near the Kin,shland tailtway Station, each containing 10 roonm,, with lrze gardena let et £;50 per annum each; heldforan unexpired term of 97 years. at a ground remt of £8 each house. Further particulars to be hasl of T. Angell. .,1I., solicitor, 41, Watliug-street; at the art ; and of the auctioneers. 12. Bisbopsgate-street without. TheChesenuteottenbamT, MiddleUex-Valuablo Freehold Bidg Land, with extensivefrontages, land-tax redeemed. A. RICHARDS will SELL by AUCTION, .Z at Garravay'a, on Tueeday, August 5, at 12 o'clock, in one lot. tunles Previously disnoeed or by rivate contrack) it acreof excek,lingly-eligible FREEEHOLD BtILDING LANND. in an exoellent gitnatfior nearTottenham High-cross, between the High-road, and Tottenhann Railway Station. having frontages to the main rozd and Doemi-lane. A.road canbe for-med through the estate.'which would bo the nioripaloroughfareto theerabviwauy stateion. The estate being tdhin * mles of London, and contiguous to the railway, preeu a eEfavourable pportSStyfr-nbuidin0 hPeculatvon there f einu a et demand isr resctbe residences in the lcality. May ibe soewad seven daepPrevious to se. Particulard mray he obtai6ed of Edwsly Starling, oSqI , N olctorh 7, Sakvilir-.*det, Picsbdilly;ant GarIbtlt andi f the auctioneer-. TotoinSham. Deelshe Freeho'at Eeeidence, witlls osssion, No. iS3, 21otpelier SR .PAR*SONS andi SON have beenl favoured L'Ti trucintrioons o Ecigto byU aI,t theirEtatSale 11KD1 9 tnPrt: Bsightorn,ca Wedneedoy, August 6, at 3 pre cisey, te Xt:s CEfr of the late Memos. Granlineau: substantially beiltm and atiate at tte moat desirablepat o thien Mn$o<oteledr.road jsreEectlngaitandwome enterior, with floa.eg-garmlein rotandI rear. sod I conserr-2tory, and. por ing interni arra.ntgements paticularly &alculated to ooare the comfort of an ocavpant: added to which the pma-rsser wilt kwe the tadeny or inemnediate posssso, acd the option of hoyingire approita furniture. Tie auctioneer, with confidence invite atttsion to tus property, as one that is~ iig desirable to the sale, andparticulars lotbtailnecd at the oXco of the Journl ofr Anotion, ifeex-stseet-, ataid and; of 3feesra. Wilids Raee, Heaipbrsy, and lds.ie College-hill, Jtndoii; aed of else anetloneero, Marinepasrade. Emtehton.- - Freehold Estate at RIc1mond, Surrey. ,fR.PIGGOTTs ORDER of SALE THIS DAY (Wednesday).h Jl 30, at the Grayhound TmJ Richmond, atI for 2 9-~Lot 1. 3Freehold CIotage, in Whiteproess'gw. ret R Do,, dl,' Lot S. Fr,eehold D *elling-houlre. at the 1west end of Vhltecsossro. let at £l3 per san-nm. Lot 4. Do adjoir,ing , let alt £4lh Per anUm. Lot. Do.., adjoining, let at i rer pannamm, Lct 6. Do.. adjoin-. iDg; let.at :16 per annum.- Lot- 7. orFroehcdd Cotbages, In Dona'e-bufldiDgs. Lot S. Three do., adjoining. Lot 9. Three do.. adjoining. Lot 10. Range of eubtantlal FreeholdCeowhmaker' Shops. in Red Iorn-street. let at £20 ner annum. Lot 11. Three Freehold Dwellingchouses, with Shope, iit Hilt-steet. with a piece of ground and buildings In the rear' let on lease, at £120 per anmum. L3ot 12. A detachei Freehold Residenee, bppoite Queensber-house. Lot i3. Modern Freehold Dwelling-house, with ilower galdeh. No.1. Qemnberry-plamo. let at £28 per annumL Lot 14. Do., do. No. 2. adjoning.. let at 125 per annum. Lot 15. Do., do.. XNo. 3, adjoining, let at e£5 per annum. Lotl S. Do., do.. No. 4, adjoining; let at £27 perannum. Lot 17. Do., do.. S., adjoiinng, let at £24 er a,nnum. Sixteen Shares in the Richmond Gas Company. and Selby-house, with Coach-house. Stable, and large Kitchen Garden; at Hmn-comlion. M R. PIGGOTT will, immndiately after -the -sale of. i I the fresbolds at Richmond. SELL. at the Grayhound Inn. THIS D&Y (Wedneeday), July 30, this capital detached FREEBOLD RESIDENCE, in one lot; and 16 Shares in the RIchmbond GS COMpany, in lota. Fuli particularn may he had at tho t-inom nd pIneS ef swle; and at Mr. Piggott's auction and genqy off1c6, leorge-5treet, Rtichnlond. ValuaNlt Freehold EFAUtee, beautifully situate, sezr-Pe%Uzaee, i4 tbe W .,SRS. NORTON. HOGGAR~T anid TRIST ~harFe recived instructions to -offer forSASjEj at theXMart,on Frdy, Aug. T, alableFR EHOLDE8TATFBs,uj-jtewithina short ditn co h town of Peozance, inithe -western peart of the county of Cornwall; consisting ot V'reveneth. a valuable frechiold pro arty, most Ieatiflly stuae,witji one mile and a half ofto to-Knof enzxnce, compr n eycomfortable farm. cottage,placed upon an elevation oreeolo9kng Momnt's Bay and bomne of the noetxaagoidcoent wiaan movLntain soenery in thenteighbourhood. withi labourer's cottage, exreUsed farm-buildlngs. together with--aboutV 27 ,acresof fine richt axablelanud. In a hig h state of onltivaioni, and adapted for dairy. ur grde pupos..Wrenutgo, a very. vWalnbo freehold estate,. abo thre mies ro enranne andbhounded bi good ma*de Inth. an sdellnt fsm-buseand farm.bofldin murs~db.aut ofrespectabletest.aamolreena wd se manforliemente aboutfu UefomPnar ' Oab ou6tylOce of theomnarabls am-nd arie .i h cuaino Jame s. ateo6 tenzant, aeevtandrte rhe ta £fll,prnum IVthotat whchisontalefabehofw j d Iam Iosearmnuidgs d-ace ofecrele o ntl rable and dair,yLand Imyeizgiely sit.g aute lndsdiointoblasiao, retoe b'regoonebrts ror.wnroMn U-batiu 1rehl esae itae botT il; rm ezne kihacofr ubefnn-oees HallnDowse am bi Mig,ardabt t7 To F-ekmfrnIsb1ng, flhteikeeperA, sjrAat.h'en'-Ut.u~jy favour- IrSSRS& TMRMGMGS-Wd, SELL by AUCTIO2N e. ih4l&en=, 4K) Strid,To-nitrww, july tha 31st,. xmd folow-Ing day.ist'12 for I Ur-oely. an entire bquipnent -of costlW and elegaut HOUSHEHrOL F TUMX' together With sbout Chuo ae r1Ordi~draInfDeni.andlibrax-y furnitare.. The eqWumipent con. lu and, ThUnixA eba-, - of the most moder~ei~abe.nionIactreg ardlrem of coetjui rich velvet; Tourney. aud ~ ~ obet i wr!tWb,, &ren~.orts. ottouin3a l~~~hMlretae. caTd Woo&l so e1uine-eI i caridtxble s lined ye]e~ Ytrl fcy ablt; hiabandgbas va(SC ~c i eI*luoc in ~~~~~~fw* tluteanaoruesmentn,-dining. 'brnz~;-uXidr-nt of Swr,anh mnabrgan ~~ ~ ~ 2flUf~~axbed bysiimnet weA--nd bmmpe- dbio io t ;dihw t;y,courlii zand The ba 'aeca'- O~~ t~ig ~~y rn ~ ziU and -andale (ldtm pwIbwZ&n0yu f td, ~pSSRs. ?~. B3tOWN and:T. A.RBERTS beg S IM& lbse PlV ' DWELLiG HOUSE ("o aiMOm Aof. PLa 30 j Ringjs-x0ad aP- -e.adatw fo51*is l Thurs . July31, an DlOSD OF.r Pivate, Cg.uktc-zmr,e.t,r JuI 8.. Z 7WESSRS. £. BwOWlTN ndT A. WMER ill .ILSELL~ , 8 AUCTION. at the Mart. Tomncrror.' JISnl 5 31A l yer ot Sbe Moragee, FOUR brick-bui1ltDW ZING IdOUSErI, ezhcotbe lugd goomasbeingNaL 6, S, sud-R. Sprer. terrace, Stoba Newten. EO, 7, let to Mr. Crxkerat £ g anernum., the othersonl haird, 'eldforatostt9oubol90 w t n rentof 0050.iechnoe ?atirclIarsfOmbo be 4Zot Urer.Sbf5,Yr sari BeeCer, , .lO}ase: of %ee3rr. Jones aeua Wrg6t, joidterr, 9, Laurence Pouniney-hili; wairof Mesm.. lLSownaad T. Ai :toberts, Inton -&a lonI Lessehold Inestuneut. ESSRl. n. BROWY and T. A. RO1BERTS Wi M SELTLby AU4CTION, attheyrt, To-movow. Jrdy 31, atl2,by cmede or the Motage extensive BUSINESS PR79XIS}2, situate near Thoerh-b=g Ceoan-road; comprelag&lange warehoure of *hree floors. 0o0mting-houses,t &rue chimney shate. and spacious yard eaclooediby foldinc fatets let otu leae to Mesn. Jmcubs an ims.- Ironwerehbats, at 140per aunun, andhelIforabout5D 30esre,ate ,ouud rent of £12 10s per annui Printed particulasrnay bhad of riRJones and W=.right, wlitrs Larec Pontney-hilI Yess Sheardand Baker, I Cloa-.lane; and of Mesesr. E Brown and T. A. Roberts. 2, Thrnoorton.street. ars-pond-ro0d.-Newly-erected Dwelling-houses and builde's Pre. Inise. in HawnIaorne-street, MISSRS. E1. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS will PSEIJ- by AUOPION, at the art, To-morrow, July 31, t 12, in lots, by order of the Mortgagee, longj LEASEHOL.T JISTA TEcmpl°risinDg an ex°tensive rage oaf workrnhcus with cauntiughocre ann larEeta X ndored bwtolrRug als . adj; doir..ng. are lirecertl4. er.md daNelnho,Diz os. 14 to 26 inlclusive. 3iinthorns-strcet. Kitng's road, Ball's-pond-road; the whbole held forr about 9D' yrarr at modlerate groumd renta. ry b3 viewed, and printed particulars had of Mecson. Bherard and^ Biaker. eoltdors, 3, Cloak;-lane: and or Mesrs a. Brow.n and T. A.. obertrs , 22. ogmeriona1a-et, Stoke News -ttone. deees, riCh on, overlooking the lew RJrSSRS. H. BROWR and T B. A ROBERTS will LT. SELL by AUCTION, at tbe Mart Tb-morror, July 31, ar 1, In lots, by order of the MortgaSgee, a detached FAVMLy -RSIDENCA Try e tly Situate in Wllow-walk, Stoke Xewington, opote the New iv3r: ocutnains sx bed roams, dining arul drawing rooms, break. fart room 00-rrst0rr, adgooddemestle odices, larne walled garden. sumrmer-house, foutain, a two-tstable, coachb-oru4e, and roans room over With entrance in the rear: the wole coripridneg bout half sore. s eldfor.bot 9years, ataT peppercorn rent. Aso, nearthe above, ins llow-grove, is a Pair of semi-detacbed Villas. eacheontain. lng 10 rooas, 0on01ieMtory,- walled gardens: held for a long term, at a rent or£;5 1vs. each. May be viewed. and Mrinted particular ca.f Messrs. shord aud Bater, Solicitors, 3, Coak-laneiand G meerss. H. Brown and T. A. Roberts. 21, Throgmorton-atreet, city. Kent.--Wiloaingtonaa411 width its fr famed bop gardena late thepro- fer m yer- tho rediderce of George Russell. Es . Also asrsll Farm. Cottages6 ,sd sundry pieces of la n the vialle of Wilmington, MhiESSRS. H. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS, bave LTJ received instructions to BELL, at the Mart. To-morrow. J-ly 3ZLat 12, in lotsalunlses an acceptable offer shall he reviously inadthe valuable estate oE Wiumsngton Hall, -which iu plcasmly situste on tne bo dersgo Flartford Heath, about two miles from the Drartford Rali. way Station, and comprses a most comfortable mansion of a moorrerate s7r, aud inexpensive scale, lying secluded in a rich park-lije ddoclk, ormment.all timbered, and contains eight 'ob_d chambers, c eamng rooms. servants rooms, four reception rooms of good proportioas, conserratesry. bliard room ornurery, excelent domestisceA capital plemsue and walled gaLrdens, banging wood, with termaoewallva Stabling; loose boxes, ire house, entrance lodge, and all neece. ascy Lppurtenances for A geutlemau's establishment- also a valuable farm, witi oset-houres, fitted with patent kilns, and alt requisite buildings, bailir'is hote, labourers' oDttages, =nd in al about 70 acres of land in high cultivation ; about 33 acrs are planted with golding hops, of wel-known eicellence, and which h-ave lwayts conmandid the highest prioe in the market, pomession will be giTen. Likeowise a gmall Farm and frailt plantation, situate in the village oS Wilmington, containing bout 19 acres; also dfiv brickl-built Cottages, carpentr's shop gnd cottage. adfomr smalL pieces of land-the whole ir freehold and land-irac redieemed, Printed particularsi maybo had of Mir. Btussoll, solicitor. 39, Coleman-siredt ; anod of Messs H. Brown aud T. A. Boberta 22. Throgmorion-sreet. city, oS whom car&rs to viewr the resridence mav be hhad MiJners-street, Eaton-equare.--Gentulns ollcrehold Furniitne and Effects. IrESSRS. A1NSELL and ELLIOTT are in- J3L Y tructed to SETlLby AlJR tOtY, on the Premiises, 5; hSinera street. Eatona on Monday. August 4, at 12 for 1, the whole of the FUB2NITtURB and EFFS, comprising birch and iron bedsteads and bedding, mahogany wardrobe, mahogany and japauned washstands amd dressing tablee, zebra-wood ioo table, pair of card tables, sets of chairs of aa nd couches, circular And telescope2-rame dining table, glazed mahogany b ekecwe, B3russels carpeht and rugs, a few printsand bookes, and the usual articlesof furniture ins 10iroomced house,. 'May be viewed the Saturday preceding and mornint of saie. Catalogues had on the premiises and at the auctioneers' ofizes. 13 A, B gaTe-squ&re. corner of ialkin-plaoe, atd 1, Birehin-lane. city. Lowndde-street, Belgrve-square.-Capital modem Furniture, Chimney and Pier Glases, Pier -bles, Or.-monle Eari6ian 2faztel aud other Clocks, Oriental and otber orniamentl China, a few P?aitings and Engravin and raluable Effects MESSllS.N -SELL andl ELI.IOTT are instraectedi r.to SELL by AFU TON, on the P enmLes, 36. Lowndes-trleet, on Tuesfty.Agust 5 at I prec-sedr tae wrhole of tbe Taluable rnd modern FURNITURE : comprisSng mabomsa" fourpo, Arbian and French bedsteads and chintz bangine, prime horse-hair and ooi msttreas, and other bedding, f6e Spanish mahogany winged wardrobes, seven mahogay chests of drawers, marble-top anci other ash. stands, dressing tables, large-aize cheval and toilet glasses, and otber chamber fttings, carved rosewood drawing-room suite, comvrsing winged cabiceto,loo, ocWonaL caffee, and work tables, sofas, conches, set of 30 carved-back chairs, lounging clairs, and two pair of pole screens, ottoman seats, saite of blue and drab tabaret curtains and gilt cornices wor dna windows, chimney and pier glasses, git Dier table =iii marble top, handsome and massive or-mouln and tn-quolse bluetlaas ehandelier for 16 ligbts, ditto for 12 lights, cut-glass lustres, er-mouli ParisIan dlmt, pair of choice or-moul candelabra, Orienini and Mfandariu china jars, vases, and other ornamental china, sc_ioDla pedestA, &o.. handsomely carved mahogAny S-fees pedeatal sideboard, two ditto dinner macgoun, costly Spanish mahogany telescopo-frame dining tables, 5 fet I wide, and opening 16 feet, set of IS ditto ch - esny chain, mahogany p>udestal writing tablE two ditto o ucaslonal tables, 5 feet eide, mahogany foldng screen, supites of damask sindow anUgings, Brusses apnt othergcaroersl cina and glass, large refrigerstor coppers and other cunaryartmices andtaluable effect. Meg be vweA the day preceding and mornAng of sale, and catalogTeT had on the prdmi s oes, and at the of cces of Mles, Mansei and daott, Auctioneers antd hvanluers, 13 a, iBelgrave-squsre (corner of ltallin-p'.rne). and 12, tially-budlt private ilesidences, overlooking iHde-park; highly eli4ible for occupation or inves*tment, 'MjESSi1S.MhA1NSELL and ELLIOTT are direcited ILLw-to SEL1: by AUOPION. at the MaLrts on ?,foodas, August 11, at I preciselt a capital long LEASEHOLD FAWILY RFSIDENCE. situateand being go. 1, Hyde-park-gate. let on lease to an excellent iensant at £2205 per aLnnum;, also a similAr Itesidense Ne. ", lHdepark-gate, now vracat,n but of the alu;e of £9224 ort narnnu. Bash inouse containx four best bed rooms, two dressing edrse, foar servants' bed roomos, twao handsome drawing rooms, conse.v,Ary dining voom. librar, and very c,omplete Qofs ace nd iahSx. feca suenrg term, at the low ground rent of £20 per annum. May be viewed;s and pa.ticulars had, ten dsya prior, at tho Mafrt; and at The efloSsesof -desers, MoussE and E:lliott, exstae asentet and auEctioneers 13a licBlgcave-squas-e Icornber of Hlalkin-place), and 12, litrehin-laene. Coruhii A vry valuable Asembla,e of BW3 Wd Books of priuts, the pr- perty of a private gentleman. - fESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN Yt WILKINSON'. auctloeers of literary property and works illustrative of the ine arts, i11 ELLTby AUOTION. ,a the'r House, ;, WeUliigton-street, Strand, on Friday.August 1, and-four following days (Sunday ezrepted), at I precisely. r very vsalua12e ASSEmBLAGE of :SOOKS and BOOKS of PRLSTS. bibliographicrl and antiquarian works. the property of a private gentleman; splendid galleries and costumes. ot various naticae; beautiful works en natural hi_-ory, including Gould's Sirds of Australia. oomplete in parts; important illustrative workE, comprising Spence's Aneodotes, Obeervations and Characters of Books and Men, 7 Tolumes of at'6 eSe, enriched with valuable Portraits of the celebrated individuals nused therein; nod the Bosiasd, with interesting and cholCe pnrgaits of actne and actrbsle of hi6h reptde Gilelayte Caricaues, Graphis Works of ogarth, wlater-colour dr.wings and engraings, and manyraluablo hooks in the gS oral bSanchesIof literatue. Ma' hBe viewed tJo dH p WeioLs, amd cataloguex hadt ; if in the oy trry n re^eipt of two Ihe Second and Concluding Portion of the rerya etensive and fr-me- ablo Library, forned by the late Bindon Blood, Bos, of Ennis. oadnty Ciare. trcland c iinSSRSe, L WEIGH SOTeEBY and JtOHi 1 ompILKINSONg , autionferl of literary p t renorty and w5ors Dilusttire of the fin arts, .wilt SELL by al0 Rtzi, at theIr houser a, Wlilngton-street. Strand, en bIfondty, Angust ll, and six folowineg dayiSundai excectedl, at 1 preciely, the SECONtr ond COthedL-eo. ING PORTIO2N of the vesottensWOsu HYd yinrble LIBtARY. formed by the late Bindon Blood,PR U ., of Ennid , county of at, Ireland Tay be wiewed biday and Saturday prenionS to the Tath, and catalogue; had, if in th coulntry, on receipt of 12 stampo . Cwrdignshint South Wealte -Vatheble Freehold EHtel. eight mites from amperter. andSO milen frot the Carthen Bntlrsy Station. comprising 1,291 acres of highlyv productive Land, an.d dAS 459 . of Freehold right of Shsepwvalk poodocing a Ren1£1 of iC1lSl pe0r annudn. in three lola, by dlractio aof the Executornrf atnt iac a Ges. ReIgntOCE and GALSeWORTHY be,, to annoudce that the PARTICUJLARtS and PLhN'S of the rbaie NSTAlES for sale on Wednesdiy, August 20, st Lampeter, are PUBLISHE;D. and mhay hoobinined on application to hfessrs. 5Thaioa, iJitxon. Urdon, an,d Johnuon. solicitors, Austin£rinr: or Mtr. Evans, of (larlh wvho will point out ties estate; .t the Bilacc LI,on llotel. Larupehew; the Isy-holrebffotel. Coiccarthen: the Soile Vise Hotel, Ahieyotwith: and of Messs Cirnnock and Gahswocthy, auctioneess and lan d agenTts, 2S,hRegent 6teset, Waterloo-place, London. tuearolat,anopocon or boclence ana Art, meste-sqnnc. withIhe valua le Plant; Fixtures. and Two Dwelling-Houses adWoning, for Sale.-Irnportant to Theatrical Mana re an others. C HINNOCK and GALSW JTHY have been fa- voured with itsnrtions from the MLortgagees to SELL -y A.UC_ TION, aS the Mart, on Monday. August 25, at 1:, that msagnifcent eifice the ROYAL PA,OPTICON. leicester-square, acknowledged tn be as an architectural monument one of the chief ornaments of the metropoliL The structure is of tho most substantial cbaracter. vast Ia cacWty, elegant in desien and proportioni, and elaborate beyond deowption irn decoration. The style of architectare is the beoriah of the 5th ceutury, so rih in colour an Dpre In twste It is impoGible withi" the linits of an ordinary advertisement to do u-stice to the de. talslofi ^extensive sn efablislbnent as this-a vidit to the building alone e con-,vey an Idea of itg grandeur and eapabilitiee. The Panopticon waeetablieshed by a public comipan, under a }RoSal Charter of incoradaon as an institscion for the promotion and development of0ctap d art, and the exhibition of scientific ob-jects and mechamncalj ineael-ona in. coonexon with mantfactures. and of work haring for their ob5eet the ertecdlon of the fne arts: i also ae , muse wan lecture hiL and generally a plaoe forpopu- I lsitrnetire eltertsiumenUs. The structUre is admirably aitedI for theemDurpo.,s a anm of upwards of £S,000o having been ex. Iendedaron-thsbeUldi gad its ermanent and ya blen accessorie. £mog e imaw POrt. opTies- conneeted with the edifce, eruing under th. denomination o_ lnt, mayn be moentloned the graDd ocgn atkdowledged' toble cUO of the finest . ntFjenf in the wo;lj It was constructed by Mesers. Eill and Co., and Is one of the most powerful in existece consisting of four Manuals, each fromn C Oto A in alto and * peUx organ from e C C to f0 3Dtas); teing Dmse for sererai r rell a aingle performner, it iscapable dl producing all the grand 'effects of the rmost celebrated oontinentsl orgsD Tbevid ig supplied by six bellosve Worlied by stcaM Power. 5'ere is aim theI EaC n,'eC 5r -u nuimx3gxpnmeue;Ce iani elStlimaFchlne. the Ib et ever conct e havng a at 0 g fee in diameter. an a Ion&mtor 6 feet in length, Produc3genormous effecSs ' * lhoise poa'er cam engine, with double, oiler; epensive ydra¶io and gasppar.1tus agnd fittings; fumerous instrimneute for the flqsteatlon of rmder.u edent.idc diecoveries, ineluding tbooe Conneeedwiththem£ce,e hromatrope,the kleidescope, ioramaF, eocmos~"&ke. The Panopenhs tended mch to Pomote publk lestroctien In the de ,smeuto a: stiencs-and art. heations ia the building and in te hs dct of the exbibitioni, wshich have been suhgete gnd ap= proved vonlds e.roeffectually ccrc ont the Wi. beeI deign nf.this moat fu inatitutis, bS wvhich its resonrces would7 b bnorefufl_yderloped,andrnoderitaeacure and high:y zemunerative teuuiaeriskundertaking. Thee suggeAiuaendplbnscnybuinspected: they 3 nrieS% amoug otbers, the treie4a a centre foor to the irs galreiy on a level with the mav,ificent orgwn, by which an unequarled -oonoert Wall would be obtained, and at tn.awane timne The preezet capabltiges of the stincture would be sioered inset This *lone, with the iacrezialn twcte for grnd musical entertainment cof a hlah ca,, would dnPre succea. Foratheatrear oper.hosethePanopt,conis admirabIr"A Pted and easily oonvertible; In dddtion to the main building.riith Its aplendid giledee, thfre are twro iarge lecture theatr2., rashinerirooms, several workmen's offier store rooms, ejnginees' momo,nslObOiatOrlOt,andtwrodwellog.honsee. i)etalled-articurs,plane, and mode'df sale may heobtained aet te Aoction-Mert. city; of St. }:arbe Stiden. X!qc. solicitor.- 14, _danent-atreet, Westminster; b[essms. Younig. Vatlinge, andl Joucs, eltore,- St. l,tlIre.d' i-eourtt Poultry John Hooper. Eso, soLcitor, 8. llrkhom.terrnce, Sonthwnark;. Heson fV,lla5lcO-5nd VaIa;nce: solicltoro,- 20, essc-streoh, Strand; andof MeFre, Ohlnnock and lGilsworthy,anot1ironeerendnxasreyero, 28, llegent-street. Waterlon.Dlae,olondoo.; -: - M ae Ift li h - - i - lIHOUSkw' sithl 'ge dew. o?ei''b *h.lo '0on444. tos1a:psek. 'Pseieuw at treo is - rI1~ .DEBENIi:M wIs EL tL \YO noble GOT OIeC e 3-W 0 cONSCIOe tothe g ru ne So the Cry" Pal?ce at dydehan. nish d ard tf a : indin lot imadate ocptie tiea t isSoes, idd3 ext X Augetust . t a at 12 lor1t, A out be lightest. reserve. b7 orderoeth 'ropnetora I eejnd. wX R DEBENHAZ1wi USEL1in nolot,thivalgcabley ,, ESTATE, xt CFR iEE ord, EIex, cosnlg tw iidenef and *0 ac o ohsture lad, about two1miesfromBr t be net 6tton at Wooltord_ patsuasCnd herspat00. Cenpeide. At dearsxtAongu tb. at the Asrt, atl12.'rl. ]JR DE-BENHAM will SELL, irt one lot, a higb]y .T aZble F aEE nOLD BUt LDrr G n SaAnd a 40mes Ttveltfield,nesrHaywate heth, au andlmilrsghon.together with the Freehold Gound ReAeto secdrte on buliiug no w sexcd. Parleulaxasud plelneattO. Cheapside. A rt the lIar on eAidAu next. August , at 12 for 1. DBBENhlM will SELL IGon LabsoAte]y to TWINRY-OBIE HOUSES. in lots onr the Chtnoeeorosw Gstaie. ahsrnenitha a previously advertised. rtcuan at n ina odmicet SO, Chea pide. iidsy DeXt.-Asug. 1, at the Mart, t 12 for 1. lfT/hDEBENiA.M will SELL, EIGHT LE3ASE- iTL HOLD HOtOUES. Sn JTohn-'treet and Dore-row. Goldomtth'spiece. ilacney-road, produclrg ;£81 18s. per aunsm from wreekly tenants. Particulars atldt odices, iS.Cheapelde. Modern Household Furniture, removed fronm lelingtnn MR. DEBEN1AM will SELL by AUCTIONT, at iL the Rooms, 21, Old Boud-strcee, on Tueay uext. August S at 12. withnutere the C TENT3 of a cOroomed HOU8}: ccmprxsiux rencb. Arabin. sofa, and o:her bedssead, feather beds and beding-. doublend single marble-top w tands, chets oS drawers glasses, bedateps and other chamberappendages, damas widowr nrstine, elrlmney-glae, Bruaselacaurpete and rngs,-feetdeve sand dreoore cottage dining table. a; -feet enclose pedestal sideboard, EetS o! mahegany caie in leather and hair lotb, chaise lougue and easy cbsirs haillioocclo: Benseels Dtfir ctineting, a few kit..hen requisites, and umiscellaneous items. Map be hewed the day ecding and uvorning of sale, aud cataliogues bad at thet rooms; and of the auctioneer. 8a. C hedstdde. Ca2ndeu toe-e user ifniroc-siie hJId the Hsnp.isa-road Station. IIJUR. I3EBE1AM Vwill SELL by AUOTION. at 13.1. the hiatt. ouWednedayniext. August6. at 12. in two lot-, FIVE genteelbrick-built cix-rooned PRIVATE HOUSE with Gardens, s.c.. pleasantly situate, and cosuprising lIne. 13. 115 16. 17. and 18. DEhbord-te.-oAeea ra det-coed Valden-ton; let to rdectable tleants, arho 'a the Usual rtes and tin es, at rentals .monng to £:120 pes annun: heldeder tw- lea;s. forterL s ef 89th years tess 10o daysl from 26th June. 1531. atground rentsa Prtlculaosa t Ir Dure:ford-temce* ot es . WilsOn andJeauneret. Nolicitors. 11, lie -rdn; ratthe Mast and 11 Mr. Debenham'fs oltue a8, Chea h ideg Hiphbnr-A- nerlysw dotached Yfilla with large garden, seeraml private Residences for occupation, aud capital Shop Frcperiy well let. tr d fornmiosn excellent Inestment. at the tanto - £VI Wednesda y next. August *., at 12 o'clock, in eparste lots, FOUR rubetantially-burilt IIGUSZ3. winth shoprNs.lc. 2. o, 7. endS. flsi43ll',n-te,sace. advantageousDly rituate en the high road. opt-osite ItightmuryBan and let to welietobliohelt end reqectahs :tenante; 10 priate re<idences, No.4. Hhbbury-pirk iuth, - o 3 4 6. and?7 ai-lton-plate, and 2 to 6, Ras; -terradjacent; aha hadone V7illa containing 13 rooms. bailt by the proprietor for his own occupation. Thewhole producing actu andestmated rentls aonting to about £673 per annum, held for long terms, at moderate groud enta. Particulas onthepremiss; of Geo. Capes, Eaq. solcitor 1 Field-cones. Gray'sim: of W. G orenton Ee, eotclor. S GrayiaU-itO5re ;at the hntt: ;and at Mr. Debsofo oes f0 Cheepslde In re NMiliamMorgan deceawd.-Fincnley.-41vev-rl genteel. well- built, and onmpact Freehold Cottage Reidenoes, in separate lots. ThB[R. DEBEiNHAM has ilastructions from the MAort£VL racee to SELL.attheMach os W edneedaynost. Augnet ,6 at 12, inC Stiyc 1oS515, I neat and taatefully finished Fh'EEflOL-D 3SIDE'CtE, hitlarge gardens. knowrn asGrove Villas, chwerfey situate. frostinethehigh road, ina healiby afipicturque: got. near Finchleo- QlAChurnh. The houses vesee busilt in tbho mb stsntial manner for the late owner. ounder tbe suplerintendence of a surveyor, andi ase in the occupation of respectable tenants at the lowr entals of £1 o-W£21 each house. Aiso a Frebbold Ground Renlt of £0 s,S!*ec annum, abundantly secured on three residences adjon ing anda plot of Garden Ground in the rear of the betorsmentionedproetr. Par ticulars of ,rz Joiner. 4, Grove Vill- ; at the Queen's Head. FinebLey at t- e M t; of Messrs. XOkes and Sof8n olicitore. George-ard, Lombard-street; sad *t Mr. Dtebenhan's offices, SO, Cheaptide. Uckfitd-hbos Susex. saven miles from Lewis and 1ifromBrighton. IJIE-SSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bond-street) beg to _ L annoumee, that ths very desirable FREEEEOLD ESTATE consisln: of a capital famtiy residence, with suitable offioes gadens, and ale3ri 70 Scre# of the best land in Susex, was OT SOLD at the receunt Auction, and is sow open for Private Treaty. Particulrs mnay be obtaid of 1Y, NV. X eamus, sq., solicitor, 3, Bloomnsbury-place; and of Xese's. Green, 28, Old Bond-sreet. Desirable lnvestasent.-Cott,ages and Land, at XAatcott, near Finer. 1 SSRS. GREEN (28. Old Bond-street) have re- Wceivred instructions from the Execuotors of the late Mr. John Fate to SEI by AU]CTrIONf, at Gaaway's, ioa WedneKsd, Aug. 6 akt 11, ih two loveB, a desniable COPYiIOLI) }'OPXllTY, comprisuin (lot 1 live ott and igardens, in the occupation of yearlyfenanle, with orchard, two bars, and a valutble enelure of mea land inthe rear thereof, the wools fusing a rental of ahost £33. Also lot Hill Field. near the above, a valuable enclosure Of Tasture, in the occups.tion of Kr. Willi Porter, at £10 per annum. Thisproperty i situate in Fore-str -ue, E&sgtott Aboutthre5mile3from the Piner station, and fire SromUxbridge. V'rticuilaS at the inn nezrthePinnerSitation; at Gtrraway': of dawin Smith. Een. solicitor, 2. Cloisems Temple; aud of Meesr.Greem 23. 01d Rood-street. FHerefoWdsbire,-Valuable Freehold listate or naerly 1,1W acres i^ESSRS. GREEX (28, Old Bond-Street] have re- cY. eivedI instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at G=arwgy's. on Wednesday Augo. , at 1t (if not in the mean time disposed of,) a valuable and tmportant FP.E1E1OLD ESTAT0, situate in the pailshes of St. Weonard.; Gawey, and Orcop, in the county of VIeveford, ighnt miles from 3oss, eight fiom hlonmouth. ead within five and a half bours of London, comprising a handsome stone-built resdencc, Iferthgate}HoSoe newlyand expensively built, of moderate sire, buit easly capable of extension, standing in themidst of veell-timbereetd pal-ke lend, and surrounded by the capital farms known PA Ithydicar, Treverannon. Oldfield. Moat, and Tomin's FIeld, in alla omprebetding nearly 1.100 acres of rich uneadov, pasture, arble, orchard, and wood land, with exoclent farm-houses and homesteads, water cora risnt mill, cottageo, Ac. This estate t-es many advantages, the laudslyingwith sontber aspect. randy soi, excellent clinmte, and the situatVon is oneuof the best in this very jctretque snd beasuLful oounty. The redidence and home farm of 17k acres (of whish nearly SO acres are park)beingretmeind in hanctlwthevery faoUity for immediate poisession, the properw presents itself as a capilai estate for inexpensive reeidence combined with afirst-rate investmnent the residue of the lands being in the occupation of highly respectable tenants, and tbe whole presenting an estimated reatr of upwards of £1,325 Pere smM.M The estate is intervected by the Goxron. a capital L-but stream, and an outlyipg portion compriug about 25 acres is re.autimally situate oPPosite to h-e xasig-bill, nsd dereending to the sai f h Moenow, affording halt-a-mlle nf fius t-rate fis'hig in that cr8 etbvted trout river. This portion o' tbe eststes,rsents asiygeo elegible site for the erection of one or n'ore ebing villas, and is vitlini two miles and a half of the Pentrilas Station, on the Hererord and Ailergavenny Railway. The countrS around abounds with delighful cenery, the estate a ords good 51iooting, eod therv is.ca&Di lbuntiu In the neighbornrhooc Particulars and maps may shortlybe oatieed at the prineirai hotels in tSs Hereford, Monoouth, and Jilocester at S:an aagb of bfwMeansLeas and Cns, rsolcitor,Lincoln'rs-in adds: annofo Mees Green, 2$ 011 t ond-sret, lUckdsld, Sussex-Furniture, Cardages, Lie and Died Stock, 5) 7ons of Hav. and 1S acres of Growing Cro,s. .,V[ESSRS. GRERN (2S Old Bond-street) have re- ceived instructions toS by .AUCION. ox the Premises. Uckdeld-house, Ulicteld. Susex on WVedneadgy. August20. and two followingdase, at 12. the whole of the excelU-t OUSEHOLD FU-p NITUREE comprisingthe usui srtessin roeewoodand Spanio mahoganyfor the dravwingand dinirg:toms, library, morningand breakfa.t Oom-:; noble chimey.glReAse Pmintings, oruamente. grand pianofort, DoAtly china and glus 16 dozeu of old wines, and a cakk of wiisi-y: the capital furniture of the numerous bed roo-f,. the appendages of do enestc offics culinasy articles. dzsy and 1auly utensils. maxnle. ic.: carriages andou-door effects, Includin travening cbariot, la-nh car, pony denne. invalid ebase. light cart, harness, c. ; the lire and dead stork. osgoirnga fast and useful bay mare, pony, twro farm hnrses. brod are and foal,threeprime ows,twoyearlings. 20 South Down ewes eight lrosb and one t Cp l upwards of iS tons of meadow h ay and elsaer. 5-aggn, dung cart3, ptoughs, hro oland ro, numerou ot.her implements,asn rthe growingM crops on 15 acres of wheat, oats. do. Slav be vi'ewed twvo days preceding sal.e, and catalogues obtained a3t the iuns in all the neighbouring tov ns; and of dhe auctioneers, 28. Old Bendstreet, i'air Ofrhaudeonre ifesidenees. Clifton V illas, £taida-hlll.-. l -ESSRS. GREEN (2S, Old Bond-street) w(q ll SELL Jlt .hy AUGrIOld, at Gazraway's, on Wednesday. Angust 27, st 12. ir two lots, TWO exceedingly well-buit aud elegantly Snisbed REZTDENCES., os. 1 and 15. Clifton Viuas, Warwick-road. adjiaent to his newr churchof St, Mark; each containing entrance hal and portico. hnsomedining and drawing room, breakfast room on basement t3oor, open-ingino garden, des bed rooms, and commodious Offices:lesVo hnghly sespemtable tenants nd producing aagron -renta Of dlfL per annum; held onleare for about Styears, at noderate ground rent'. Particulasr maybe obtained of Messs Colley. Smnith, Hunter. and Gwxs±ki, nolicitore, 2. Hewr-square, Lincoln's-inn; at Garzrawvays aud of Nlces Green. 28, Old Bond-street. Can:tttl nevessmeuc.Sevee long Leasehold Villas Staida-hill. i fESSRS.. GREEN (28, Old Bond-street) have re- L, J aeired instrustlon to SElf by AICTlON, at Garraway's. on Wedncedsy. Aug-ut27. 12, in lola, SEVEN semi-detached VILLA4 IRESHOE'S. known as 13os1o. 11,12. a3, ,15. and 1, Lsansk Vis'S. welt built and very handsomely fiished, each oontainirg dining and drainug rooms breakfast room On basement Opening into garden tve bedvooms, and capitol o£fces delightfelly situate in one ofth. preitteet, tealthiest. and most arressible subiubs of London.t, mire within two minutes'rwal-of 3aida-hill. Edgewnre-road. all letV (W- ith the exception of No.1 6now vacant) to bigbly respectable tenants, at the low ar-erage re,ts of z£1rV per annum ech, held onleasefer about at years at moderate ground rents. Particulars may be obtained of Afessrs CoUey. Smith, Hunter, and GrCatk-in, solicitors, v. Xew-:aqoure, Lncoln's-inn t Gamaway's; and of Messr Green, 2S, OldBondatreLt. .sehdien.r-siaoneerineton A,rH A. BOOTH will SELL by AUTCTION, at the M M art, On Thursday, Augrmt 14. at 12 forl. in three lots, HEEIG brick-builtt beret-soomee.DWedLIDNC.OI13sfi being laoe 1 to 6. also, 9anoS 10, Clayton atree ro oahe 0niaj-roai Heldifor 99 yeaes. at v g o6md rente, pducinb a rental of p2c2 per annum. Particularl at Isigtou n an T tond of M1r. A.r Boothe aentioeer and estateagent, 1. Caslionll-fllas, Cucnden-ro3d, optohte the Breck- Idasehold Invrestments iasLGrto drl-hll R t tR. A. BOOTH wcillo SELL by e CtotIci ay the bill 1bplddirect from the freeholder a giocud rents Lwetto respect. able enstS,'prod2nctsg a rental of £162 per annnum Pairticular at the Mat; ngel, sLier4ton of bfes~e hbeard ard Baker, S2elirirs 1, CarltOn-hI,Vlljsan, Camaden-rad oppualid Fth =rcnck Lmeaehold Investment.-Csmdencod. ,j-B. A. 13OOTH will SELLg by AUOCTION9, at the LY.L Marl-it, onThrsday. August 14, at 12fotr Li,n tchrPee Iota,THRhEE the3 reslddenes may be rairly estimnated to produce a rental of £315 tOn-bll-illas, Camnden-ronad opposiite the }Brecknock Arrms Very desrble Laeho!d nvectnente inl Ground Rents and Rents. ],JjR.Oa lARTO^r SALE THIS DAY, at the LT.B_. Mart., will take plan st 12 ior 1 o'clock r,recL.els- on account of thle n umber of 1ota being 41; including vety e1iseihle Ieasehold Ln-sestmientsi for manal capitalists, in grornodrents with rererisuos, rents front houses anld 5hops and private dwvellirg-house, at 1l:ing'e-cross. lelingtan, Bochnal-g,reen, ce. }Partiselars mazy be bad of 1r. 0. Wartn, aiuctiogneer, to., 7eP Union-soourt, Old Broad-etrot: rmvdfrom Woodnlesboronzb. mear Sandwich. Kent. Is iS'utedd Vthe Trdtees of the t>.L,WJI of helr2>0zgarfy-K.to ofei for 8Ala at thet.octioro Mart; London. on Monday. iAn,nt4, sti in the afternoon .5selm one *ot. a luab-lfdSEHiO,LD ESTATFflmrnoua Az vo3LbCeooronu lT.rnogew conmprising the Manor of YKoqQd.. borongb. vitn tne,if rent3,- reiefs eosibaron. a imnititcs. a-ad 'he e:r e, oAenTient and sbet5ntiaaneaor manihiorboa%;U, domtic eeee, gsedens, bLw~A capital ertbaId lhpdionU3 fszt-yard,' staeb-yid, oceleot bo. d1.tahob e-= o stablingk'.d otber neceseeswaeteO]iOra1 outbolldi!s together withtllebSebeJ c taining3*tza . 7p?.; otbe Segreater orst-.ii ofiJae ,briaR tltoe,m bAlong-.n to4l5e liasiopa94, ewtenng ovl,5 2tne rasrinb ch. wihbav2 been coitateh into ' naEnibl koeh ch 'r 41,03i. 6a1ld:,-pAUb 3 tA ai 'it Octer Io a $bLt fre,,old o03t toeleboDT bba* amnd Benetai-pioef1jol&lr4 ad;oining tbe, xron.igean&wio have been for wnsifrSYamspmt nisL w;thitnd, otainjjgffaCiuding the site of thbe'buildizg) I&. 2r.-_p. The manor is 6 'exttiTs withtShe Gtrli, wd tbe. unulSiint-prent3 ,,vded at The ourt-o Aiounlt to bout Lb 65. I.x c tudsi -nt3 0! CourirtIiefA t O5e 05ye &.d the 'entire ,rentweba*e are. beld uuderi the natoztlxT ease from etbe Ienm nd aCaptr of Rochestc- tor a ten 'of 2l7We from S4tajooet J iSe5, ain arr sisi rent of;W. sand 4 s1.4& fog.tdeemed lnad-Is. 'M:e right etps-i sen.tatin to oln rebleh if: ed to tue Icns5 'Thsi ietate, uituate -n theiobtefertlih, delikit(uk sad-Ibealtifr.t of ent-Ke 1 rentg to the pitin or eonnta ' n oplended opityfor & 20lidani inrestojent. Tn1 w,Icie& t er nddeoapegOst-ef E4, ib kii 5i t Sheb areoeot. soea wiLanapi rerti>t.iitor5 Ciecitias basg,been =0Mndealtly ebno&i by thejudidenA*Iemento( Shc-late ro' priet-or.: !ita be Cyie*ed-br I en tn Of 'Pr ienry, {(;hme oequpsth ute tGbZmzx, afiDi> ;amrtldlls -of W eriols to the iaie) attiethe -no 3ej. ob ntae n Cbeger. 3audwrooubr b 'he ab tninjch-tber 1ondwio-te'Mar; ot S2he , } srt I3coff, Cotread30 r .. , . Vlsa.e8et .nre -J --.,. Tbaiwrasith.ebraitrPeu k- h *- - ML J-AMES LlXW8I (of GRl r-l--- terrace, Ha est;tu onw a- .t th t .300n* mod WelI-madeHOS,THIS DA4U.at m7-U CMg AP canis3 im e'vbw.dbeErabthaasalt, erd&~ ,w fanture*s6 = .I bed Gnd beding, offiae, of Opacoeh ` - > }ede X fi_a~~~~~~~tM'd#,ner t,' :v.J-Iso0oe Gchwdti@. -- - =4 cder=lee--; Hzmltb.e-Fnrr4ltift. PatO Wa,P-e, -W1 im 3Oo7 s" - - a. Ga.i,aMD ectg. - |- , AWe JAMES LTWIS (of GLaceL.ur.cyAUheet)I ON 'FJUca thHartii, on Vdsy, - , &mt l: ath3ehouvenk wLeASMIOadel S DHOWN writh inp wr!FrtY sig tatoeady bDg17iea ana otTerbdfet. witherk fUIeIt,,t c2,at beds Sodbedding, ceeti of deaeren. dr -slim. iltta S, 33ahoiany aoatbAe-topwh Iia4, rim1awI daellJtrLert, dcimneg nd pier anaui.maeIPopoy is heldodkvazx oer a=ex Pvred teprmof orteain.OO eerdcaae,et of 1owoodciuiror idtebof _ pberibsiur, issiyan Ncewad chzud eT a dSbeswlte6 Plarted 0r,1 G-een, B. Wcitor, 3, EMtoot,sof boor skit1n dotenbrll, *land aiscetl~~Ma besletr Xiew:erd te day^randmerinof pale, *-,a OttaloWgne hbad ncnheyesole; nnd&t *.JlaffIem ofces, i3. Graecnnch.eret. ditr. realehold KenetVent forUth ark. JAJMES LEWIS wvill SELL by AUCTION. ptlh- tbar, onridon AiTday, sguat8, utlO a vEr conveniienti TAGSEi{OLD RtStithCE. h alth cp ita ofoLewbop in the rears IitNate and beiagpl, reat Dorer.stmeet. Sonth rk.e pr engtairdne:ng £43 mer annum. 'The Soperby i held on iC&55foranineexpiredterrnOtl2,eare. iro Ch miS 188, -tagrn 1fI nt of f: perannum- AMay be viewed, andartknnLrs hsltaittbe M;t; If IL Cover, E-e. .sollctoir, 39 g W eet, london-bridge; a at Mr. -TAss1ue8 Le,e otflceW. 33, draeeburch-etrett, dty. Freehoide, iCeat-m e tso0r te nott ^IR. JAMIES LEWIS-il SWMLIL by AUOTION at StG the.Mart, on Friday.August8t, TI2 FtUREl}OLD A 1'-D TAGES, itoate an he eeasdt yloi alot iLewis e. 9 andlnsan 125 2*oe. 1 tnd,. STphia.reldet,I ewistbn;ldtuatrentg r5ducpngt2 puer annum. May beg viewed. nd^ uztMy,.viwed ad pituthe ashd 0t th Clorer, E . sorudter. 39, W1:inzWirtteLo London-bridge and at br. JamesLewiss Ofia e *M 6Jm . (loaresbtch treeci tt. Y P.JAXES LEWISebl Lee instr.tdb h iot ga,ce in L uIS t ill SEyALLC At bTItO te theMarz, on Friday, Avgnst8, atil. tIgE.LIASEIIOLD CU TgAGES. situate a5 Lee, aed distinguished as 21o, 9.10. and 1, 1)arhchareee Theynre let ae rentl preducng ;53 21. pe r annum. opnderet eld on n leasefor n teued=tered nrme at. atma ground rent oce iDew erdannumeach ysbad iewred, andpa,Lictlaeprhad et t: Mart; of IL Cover, Esq.. foalritor, 39, WRxgR1iium-eitreet. Londonbridgeo nrd at 63r esmee Leis's ODie. C rahrhetrhurc bi. L.easeholdProperty. S,outhwatk sree; JA ES LEWS is instructed bythe Mart- R. gagee in bAessiu to EELI hi AUCTI02: at the M TI- t e th rt,,on FTiday, Ao nusts. CJdiy, EAtOEIgOL, ligab . for , comprnD;ng lS wee'Ily houses, situnia end belng )oor 15 to 26, and 38 to 40, Clareedon-street, St. SGeorge lSew-t0r.n, ESouthrearh. which are 3et at wreeblrente. producing it273 per a.num. Th prapentd is held on lease oran unepiredtermfnbu 600yearsafrelswpu i 24t Jone. 1834, Iees 40 daye. at a greenns rent of £71 l,er Sutton. Stay ue riewed: and partinofarsaed Or msr.lenfold, on the pretiJ. *c at the rs:iofMetesor. 11gGeandt ou ndaM solt^r.s . er LerrcInubey London brid;e; and an cr. Janes . wiss ofic, 63, Grnrch,stree-. cit- Dalsron.-Fov Inveetmeot or e.cancllon. lIArB EDWARD LUMhLEY will SLL li AvUC- IYI!rfO}N nttfleMart, To-morroa, JnlySI,atLSeorL. the LEAtEWiLD^1 DWE1LIAI1:C IlUERS with ::arden, being f,s. S. Qrunee-ter. race, Queen's-colud Drston, with a> plot of 'r&nnd in t'*e rear atiable for buididng purpoe. lhe bonre wflI prodnco £10S cerannuno. and is held fnr a termn of about 60yea.s, at a low ground stint. PartIculars, with conditions of sle, msy be badat tbe Meet; of J. bSteed Eaj. oolitct r. 13. Great P.usrel-eet- and at Yr. 13dward Ixrlep'8 auction offices, 67. Cbanoery-Iae,e 1,e&sea."no, OrOtUc(O £1L1 per aninUM &YR. EDWARI) UIJLEY will SELL by .AU£XU TION. at the 3lart. To- mvrow. July 31st; at 12 for 1, the LASEEIOLD RUStNtESS PRENUSES. 19. Upsx r Bathbone place, Oxford-treet, producing LED ner annum- ako the licl-builnt 3essnags. 2s. Westmsrehlndplace.-City-road, leld tfo a longtern. at a e.nss"t g sosdnd ent sn1 :ble of producugz p r.er aniius Part' e=1a. with conditioni of tale, may be had at-theMart; of J. Scari FAq..sollcitor, 13, Great Rusee1l-street, Bedford-square; andat;.r Edward Lurnlefs anction-offies,. 67. Chancery-luae. To llmt Ca.italists-To be anWd amply, 1U nLessehdXbsldVla.. with Vol Gardes, r-ltnate at Brixton MR. ROBT. KENYON will SELL by AUC4TO at the tart. on Friday. Augst. aLt I precisely, in 10 lots. TB'V neatr VILLF. R3IDEOES. each containiniz ix rcoms, ,Vh neat fro,t and back gardens, situate and being ',Mltn Villas. dilrookrroad. BaR&ington road. Brixton. For particulars sud conditionA or sale apply at the Mart; to Messrs. Fatersees and Longman. solicitors, 62, Old Broad-Etreet. Royal Exchange: or to ML. ESfbert Renyon, anectioneer. 1, Copthall.charnbers. Cobthall-cocrk. ner the Bank. That-class Freehold Investment.-No. S, Cullsm-ztreet, in thecity of London: worth £EOOper annum. JIPR ROBT. KE}NYON hfas been farotlred vith J r ons to SES4xatthe Mast. ou Frida. Aug. l. *tlprecdhely. thome moet deeirable FREErOLD B z EMIES situate and being S. Cullum-stret, in tlse city of London. Durinc the last fide sears pwasdsof £30O has boon ependedonthtatoptv, end it is now in the moost c,omplete statetof ea nuial D orofental repair, and might, if converted into offices, relseat lea:t£150 per annum. For particulars znd conditions of sale nPp1y at tbe Mact to Fred. Carcitt. B2q., olicito.- 24, Baenhpli-ttrett or to lr. Robt. Trewvon, auctioneer. 1, Copthall-shambets, Copthall-cont, nearthes Bank. Wunmuetr AuctIon Roomns, Vincent-equare, Westminster. To Br,- kers. Pictture Dealers, andothers. M ESSRS. SCEHOFIELD and EVA12S will SELDL attbeir spacious Booms, asabove, on Thursdas, July3l, atl precisely. 3tO LOTS of HOUSEHOLD FUMNITUItH ixturts, and numerous effects, under several-exeatioos for rent. Mfay be viewed. and eat alocues ha7 To lronnongErs, Buihier Braasonnderz, Smiths, Private Purchasers. and others ,R. 3BILLINTGAY will SE LL y AUCTION attiseRTL Rooms. 23. Leaden.1ststreet. To-corrow July1, at forr 12 in lots. ,ithout sezerve, ite ST0,K in oRaDf Dn unironmonger. removed from EIsonton; comprising tin, coprer. japzaned. anfitron, goods, fenders, cut.lery. ts s, baths. frying pasatrnes, ovens, hovels and spado, looks. hinges. lalehes. nris, an assortrment tf 7.rasis ork, a few vices, snvile. bla.k lead nelting 3rts, and o-hseraorticles. May bo viewed the day prior, *nd catalogu,-es hal at the rOe.ins: and at the o3izes of MIr. BDilgy, motel trades' vatuer asad nuctlaneer. 21, Cole- man-street. Bank. Church-street, Caml,ersrell.-To Builders. Timberdealers. :nd ethers.. T11fR. C. F. SIMYRKC will SELL by AUCTION, on LTJ the Premises. on Tuesday, August S, at 1 for 12 precS.ely. tlae RB3L^TSLNG PORTION of the emmoefent 31ATERlALSofStamfoid-. houss. also the Surplus Stock of alluilder * includicg upwirds of 1OtO prime dry wvhite aimS yeliowout deals and bsattens of varisus lengts ar.d thicknesses, prepared jotleere ork in Eini2alethataaldother aedes doorsz and '.ramiu,g, 200 squares d-y prepared 50ormg battens. 1.C0 feet York paving and coping. 2,060 Dnu^bosslate,aitssdi.r joists, and plates. sosud ohld oaringand lining boards, and an indinite variety of other useful nosteriats. On viewv tnvo days prior, wihen inatzogneo pzsy be had n the premses; o,r ot tbe ancticmnseer,, Tntnell-p?rk-terae, lUpperHolloway. 2:ugrs, Waseecoloor DrawIngs, and ?alntnluns of the We J. 0. Al*len. Esq.. the emissent engraver. COU'THGi-TE and BARREBTT wim SELL by AUC- TITION, at their Bomsns, 2. aseetbtreetH DAmYrro, Everni g, a::a fo:lorlinz ev.ung. a- 6. the aOLLthIeO of iEnGcldngGS. comIpricing a bine sweet befosre lect'es of the l'ranell;m stion, by IL. Mor- -ant soae fine e aver'strgotsa from eom20e0's le.and c nd b ales, Souteern Coast, te; the of l paintings ondue a genuine specimen by Poo:e eLB.; a few gosa 3r-n'lorardrawp ings;lnder'alarge sub preae cora nred and g)azed, cinper.pfllie, porteolios &c. h ybe leved, and catalogues ht.t CoLtuserciaiSae Booms, Ar Fers(gdonteet, o-e door from Horborn. -Absolute Sale. ^rESSS. GEEN nd SON wvill SELL by AUC-S A .j,T_ON ttbe, rm oo.snd as above. ItuS DAY Juily SD, at 12 forlet. en etRouEtYand orterSTocn, including teas, co.ees, ugarli SO casks of t2necA Gorgona aFchovics, ZOhOlbe. pawlet blantlead, rine.ar rioky and other oilsr tumbnornclrEoutbaildings.tadribpon.ur 1t c.ud nees tJedge hmmers, dleel qisoits, &ci : also com9tesr, nests of drauers, nea ay nel iron chlet,r eainLbelcbts. eight-day dialst sbelvmon. glar eases, tr 3k. llc. The household furniture lunder distlaint fe rentagevy v.dwards), comPrises fouropoget r aenelif.and other bedsteads, reatenfeather beds, bedding, chatsh ofpdrawers, boxcars, tbles, chairs,ran'ach, mney-1iase,, OnFview mortneoesale, Capplo,ucs had at the rool : and at the pactioueers' offioc, W j itS;on-jee Moulton, Northamsrtousatsi-By Mr. Tl}O.MSS tB}:IS. atthe Angel IHotel, in the town of Yerthampto n- Friday August. d, lt 3 fec 4 in -he attern, Londonles anarceptkblclterierrerlno,lyadWderbypri.vate contract). aud inthe fellowing. ore-ac-h othler lots c3ntay be derienhned upon at the nimer of Dale -tIot l. ALL tho3e 1t)1 Acree (or thereabouts) of Preebold A Arabc. incaPblo;'o and pasture liand. itUathO n the p3rSslof Moultno, in the county of nortandpton, nasa- in the Accupratioc of Mr. John TreaHter. Lot 2. All that yreahold Farmu-honk,.ith the homeclor. ricth-yard, barn-ya tily, garden. ocrEaSL eut-bildiugs. and appurtebsInces thecerato blkongng, cotnarin 3s3 'I, 9P. irrbthereabansp. rituat3 at Moultor. e oaestit,eandinthe occupation of thegsaotnJohn Trereler. Lot 3. ALl tho.e Six Freeho'.d netcly-ezected brIck-built Cottagen andh garden ground, contaieesrltogetoer 2a 2r. 25. Irr thereaboutI), situate at Moulton aforesaid, in the peeeuis-n ul fr Edw--arde Bonn-a- or hSs srundr-t enan tz For a vi ew oS' th e olem aesaplytto Mr. John Tressier: and for further particulars to cr. Wli am Frtaher, solcitar. Borthempvnter : oo essrn Thiton and rtnmton, solictory, 7, Cosec,:ydlane. London; Wterso. s'Beccetth enr cin, liva Warnerd soitoxGle-square, Leanden: orto the asrrloneec. Olnen. Bltec,s Ir s, dr o t So Banuero Atrc to:s of ausarance Oftice Ph, blioCtmr aniesz Soicidtors, and wth so. -3,U:SSRS. BUTCHIER are instrt;Tted bytbe Ge a er- iVr niv oE the lank of Eugland to SELLt by AU,TION, at the 17oyal Hotel. NYoroich on Monday, Augulst It, at4 o'cloackin th t Iafenoon. the v ahable anadeuboanti s!bbulc tR he FMae UndoFFW.Eit sitrate i; Qaeen-seupet, Norwich, forame,ay e ie u mera-b anch entrblishurest oE the Bank of Englayd- compring, in thebaement, superior dr. arch,ed cellars, with dire-plrolf closet, Sm, on the ground doer, an eatrance-hall and lobby, prter's room, lacre roonsfcrmrrytired "t the Bank,wsirhiean'i parlonre fttedna-th iron s3f-t; closet, relrentr,'nll. 'esitc'aen, conlultpantry, hreehousse and other oEffes; onthefirst fear. capit.al erawr.ngroons. dining room, librarn, b,.tltr'epantuyandPon3 clo3eet brd roam and wrater-closet;- on the supper fioor, five good bed rooms, drersing room, and closet. At the rear of th shoure ia large epahsruee, wit6h other offnes, and a good garden, rrith communlcatUon thierefrom to Prince's-strer Tire estate in all free bold, and pos-esion sisyhe had arscmpletion of the p:resrse. Ikle au;tsonceraiuartir ladyZ f3vite the attenti.on of public companies to tie Shbove Property, it having bee n titted ulp regardleos oE cost, aad its adunarssble central nItuation rendere it ecceedingly desirble for the es ab'.lsmtnt of anly oisblir office. Devonshire, SabCat-orl,d,iihleb~iis skhk pleauregGas elknwwAemdn ritc, he t.e'c and coatrca sta o hebnks.o phe Ee, bouw_aitpe t PGwdrrhanCsl,wti in ie fEee w tileAnte Er Mouth, and si hnr jwny f onon 11f~SRS HUSEY~ndSON wMllnne-S an acJ3A cptateofer s reraalyadod) subinit to I&MON.O at the vd ondnIo,ixtt on hraday. the If2fth day of Au;ssgat next , at I for 2 \ol rdes~teabove FREEHIOLD tSTATE. aco le-igabn 8arcf auilea ,enti.elanid, r.itlrabeasa- ftl in.turaato otaeig vraaonc.dation forinfainile' of respettabtit,wt l ye, ant ofines excellent stabling, aza doable coach-hriussaaFeperior waiald garden, r-each henuzs graperles. and ronservaltories. T-he house.stands pon thi.s ninstofiMD-t Parklike aznd rinlaly timeredi conods, ieloping from it to tre wrater's edge, and is oppisite to the noie- domain of r'owdethairn 0in'ep. titlh fine viewsr o! stanshend and Haldlon. and 25 miles o' rem coasth The charm. tag position of Courtlanda. which isaslavated but sheltered. with its en. chaanting stews of lanid ansd sen. g-e-t local advantaces, and supesiornalhisnshod.renersat dejanie elae tr the rWsderice of ab Lamityf he ighstreaestbiitsTheesatebabev'iewedb7cards. hchcnbObaine from -T.~)won. adjrea,Eee Crb4v. lcimentVilla.2i Ennotpla CarthelsthBofze,PatutD.n5 of M i,,s GvIhbcldg. An 7hotiou beorde 2 of the!gdSta.sre6 .etise.ehslr asIRthe anoionS. WTsgbto. -~annoEnetler irs Ihn Arrictdato iro'.-tNderCauin Etxeetity)on.T Yrlaysnthfes3 Fnahi2g -Elbe gantI Hon,!axhodie Forniared tal- to corlosr sofend.rbne.tsatdcombrllaneasi zimoreofot-tandt molntaediznefr-orih6 Iudall tbeIarsflteh,vith pt,?ascstly saltuhiry marbte. i hansom lalate-glUcts b kFeacwrjable lated, tad rle Gfte. rich b AcrrnrllaC2r'ere onzrs.MvaInter, China G~;lass, ein. :l carpetscln by order o &C.e th'e drndadlii fur.-lt e inc sbega two c ssoulnpe' e-'AB' '6o ETue.Winstru ;Icte 737 woiteh hads os chairse tabdle,nt coresrondJ, mqcma,tncts and consa'ci IfLUC W.- 2IFIsRflR nLnte .rAUOTO et jhe HLi I Oifoefhq.an .e ,7v avetut - ! a et . t - F Xo 2. hof thelata' . J M aloAeVE;-i y tho alubeOl Te PMEIOLD A :diAEF-OLD: Idttloh ad SaraiM.na O.;[irL: Ip I -X *nd Ssvr-Diet_Vr,,4 03bria'i.isvg oS,3w*bbdriiLet vF'-Urm-hazis sn-saiming :^eiDI^aglearFc I 5f.ars lhbourr's-tia .The ]aa_.lie0,vom ..'welntr* -21n1 hw i e:xalHent rodfl -t vo: e w aontackuw auratO mrian', aveause oft- T5.-To. p, (M 'se%ty a t ial Furlong obr#le-Oe ddeo!tsGr hii^oPFrblg, orsT Pieoe. ettkmm V r. 2%.- Tl tLI.icbll - Krhte, atUttIlamore *omtLnju3glO_2..r t lot'} ev.tUnd,. 1o4 deU24s.2DOt inheba uOCLO atii r. o4r. :A; - -yee vgilbic&-:il O o tte iilht;e4 D b B Lc i e i
