DEATHS. On the Sth inst., at the Vicrage, Burnham, Fsex, Elizabeth, wife of the Rev. William Hammond, aged 64.i On the 6thL inst., at West Hyde parsonage, Hrerts, Jane, wife of tbe Chesaler JeeP Maneel Gomez of farcello, P°ortugal, and daughter of the late Henxy Tanner, Esq., of teckeridgo, Wilts. On the ills inst.. the Rev. WTiliam Rhodes, minister of the Gospel at Damerhamn, Fordingbridge, Hants, aged 6s. On the 8thL inst., at Torquay, Devon, after a brief illness. Edward Wao te Et Consulenerate n%i and eSlv3OGreat Britain for the Republics Onte thint. a Picet' Ed,byKenelHespted,7Mms Sarah Wykes, wiow f sMr. Jcohtn ~ykes and [fourtEhdagtrofte latea Ir. Daniel liberty, of ensworteh, Herta, inutheg87thtyear of the late ood,n t h rimnst.,atRmfoard suddenly, Jn his 72d year, hlr. Wilam Wood,, an olepce naiat O,n Friday. the gth inst, atRyde, Isle of Wight, Grace Dent, widow of the Iate Colonel Kent, and mother of the late gaitlt Colonel W. H. Dennie, of H,.M. 13th Regiment of Light Inantry, in the 92d year of her age. On the 1th inst., at the residence of her son. fr. J. Dines ofmson, 14, Lombard-street, city. Mrs. Mary Minson, in her 86th year. On the 13th inst.. at Sile-terrace, Rochester, after mauch suffering, the wife of John Roee Baker, ]Esq., aged 42. On Sunday, the I1th inst.,of con3smption, Stanislwa Henry, youngest son of Mr. S. Bard, of Acton, ia his 23d year. On the 13th!inst.. at NCwpozt, Sop, Mary Ann, the wife of Joseph Harrison Adam;N Esq. On the 12thinst., in the 68thyear ofbhis age, at Norfolk-squsre, Hydepr, Mazimilian Joseph Wolff Veso. deeply and deservedly lamented by his bereaved widow andrelzaties. On the lath inst.. in Lyons. France, of cancer inthe chet after a long protracted. lilness, M. Victor Arnaud, in hs8tyer, Member of the Legion of Honour, and Member of Conseil-Genemia of the Departmentof the Ehone. On the 13th inst., at St. Peter's-street, St. Alban%s Mms Thee. Smith, aged 69. On the morning of the 13th inst., at 21, Beaufort-street, Chelsea, the house of hi fathLer. Thomas S. Denning, aged 33. On thel3thinAt at 38.Herbert-street, 3ew.llorth-road, Henry,the third sonof Mr. M G. Simmons, aged 2 years and 3 months, On the 13th inst., at Cwanbridge, 3Mrs Henry E-aden. *On the 13th inst., in Greshamn-place, Queen's-road, Dalstino, Rilsa J'%n, eds daughter of Mr. William Danbar, of Bililter-street, aged lo years. On the 14thi inst., of hooping cough, Willoughby Weiss, infant son of Charles Jarvis, Ezq., of Vine Ledge, Maida-vale. aged four months.
MONBY-MAB ETamZEITINTBLLIapNr. Wednesd4Evening. The English funds opened this morning with great steadiness at the improved prices of yesterday, and after some unimportant fluctuations experienced a further advance of an eighth. Consols for money were first quoted 934 to i, whence they improvedto 931. They then rangedt between 931 and 931, and the final transactions were at 93i to X for money, and 934 to i for the 4th of Jiie. Some large purchases, understood to be on account of. the Scotch banks, constituted the chief cause of the prevailing firmness. The market is also influenced by the approach of the period when Consols will be quoted ex dividend. Bank Stock left off at 2U to 212; Reduced, 924 to i; New Three per Cents., 924 to i; India Stock 227 to 229; lndia-bonds, 8s. to 4s. discount; xchequer-bonds, 984 to +; and Exchequer-bills (March) Ss. discount to par, (June) os. to 2s. discount. There was no Particular pressure for money today in the Stock Exchange, and, in the discount market the rates were afraction below those of the Bank of England. Foreign securities were generally well supported, and prices an some cases showed a further improvement. The principal operations wvere in Turkish and Mexican. Turkish Six per Cents. were negotiated at 98k, 98, 984, and 98 for money, and 98t and i for the account. The Guaranteed Four per Cents. were dealt in at l104, i, and 102 for -money; and 10141T, i, and 1024 for the account. Mexican, for money, 23i; for the account, 23X, 4, andc . The general transactions comprised:-Brazilian, 99 and 994-; the New, 98; Chilian Six per Cents., I 4k; Danish Five perCents.,101 and102; Ecuador Provisional Land Warrant, 41; Russian Four-anda-Half per Cents., 954 and 95; Sardinian Five per Cents., 93X; Spanish Three per Cents., 45X ; the Yew Defefred, for money, 25; for the Account, 25; Passive, 7 and 7A.; Spanish Certificates 5k; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 954; and thes Four per Cenis. Certificates, 95 and 944.: The corn-market this morn ng wvas ag,ain without alteration. The closing prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 7Sf. for mloney, and 7af. 45c. for the end of the month, showving an improvement of an eighth in consequence ospeculative pturchases. At Amsterdam the stockmarket remains dull. The followving notice regarding their subscription list for the new loan was issued this morning by Messrs. Rothschild:- 51 ouN OF FIVE MLLIONS STERLING. "Messrs. N. M. Rothschild and Sons beg to announce to the public that they are ready to receive applications foi the proposed loan from parties desirons of participating therein, and will receive the same until Friday at 2 o'clock. "Itisnecessary that every application be accompanied ith adepositin money of 10 per cent. on the amount thereof; and if the amount applied for be not allotted the p,roporhon of the deposit not requiredwillbereturnedforthwith. *N.B. In order to insure correctness in the scrip receipts it is requested that applicants wldl sign their names in full. ' "New-court, St. Svwithin's-lane, May 14, 185G." The Belgian Association for Firee Trade have isued a circular convoking an international Congress at Brussels in September next. A similar Congress was held in 1847, the object at that period being to obtain a recog,nition of the elementary principles of fiee trade. On the present occasion a more practical turn, commensurate with the extraordinary experience of the intervening nine years, is to be given to the discussions. The general feeling of the peoplo of -Belgium is stated to be strongly in favour of the movement, and the chief point now in v iew in that countly seems to be to ascertain tlle best and most rapid means for carTinog it out with a due regard for the interests of all parties. Mr. Corr Vander X aeren, a merchant of Brussels, and formerly Judge of the Tribunal of Commerce, is the President of the Association. The advices from Australia to-day by the Ocean Chief, which are about 10 days later than those previously received, give a satisfactory description of the appearance of the import markets and the general prospects of trade. The dates are to the 25th of February from MIelbourne, and to the 20th of February from Sydney. At Melbourne the demand for goods for consumption at the mines was very active, and, vwith the exception of building materials, almost all descriptions of imported articles were realizing improved prices. The production of gold continued steady, and the total value brought| to Melbourne by escort between the 1st of January and the 2th of :February. had been 1,550,0001. There had been numerous transactions in wool a" previous rates. The ships about to sail were the Eagle on the 27th of February, the Roxburgh Castle on the 1st of MIarch, the Medway on the 2d, the George Marshall on the 8th, the Mermaid on the 10th, the . Morning Star on the 12th, anid the Viscount Cannmng on the 21st. At Sydney a great icrease of confidence was manifested. Considerable exports had been made to supply the demand at MIelbourne, and stocks not being heavy quotations generally had advanced to a point to yield a profit to importers. Thne clearance made through the Insolvent Courts of the mass of needy and disreputable adventurers, who in the years of excitement had set up as merchants, was am atterof general congratulation. It was felt at the same time 1 that the insolvent laws are very defective, and the Sydneey Herald states that the Chamber of Commerce were discussing a plan for their amendment. The expectations of those who had advocated the establishment of a mint continued to be realized by its apparent usefulness, its coinage lately having been to the extent of more than 100,000 sovereigns a-week. A suggestion for legalizing the Sydney sovereigns in Victoria had been brought before the Council in that colony, and if this is adopted the demand will be much augmented.
TRADE REPORT. Wednesday Evening. SUGA-There was a very general and spirited demand to-day at the public sales, and the quantity, although large, was all disposed of-viz., nearly 20,000 bags Mauritius, 676 hhds. and 395 barrels West India. The trade bougLht freely, as well as exporters; and speculators took a portion also. The advance since Friday is about Gd. per cwt. The following are the particulars :-19,3i52 bags 2Mauritiusbrown, 36s. 6d. to 41s. 6d.; low to good bright yellow, 41s. 6d. to 44s. 6d.; middling to ood crystallizedi, 42s. 6d. to 46s. 6d.; 608 bags date Bengal, 40s. to 41s. Wd. 1,099 hhds. West India have been disposed of. Privately a float. ing cargo of 3,300 bags Paraiba is reported sold for the Clyde at 25s. 6d. per cwt.; and on the suot about 1,300 bags clayed Manila, at 41s. Gd. per cowt. COFEEE.-300 casks, 200 barrels and bags plantation Ceylon were chiefly disposed of at 59s. to 63s. for fine fine ordinary small gray to low middling. The better descriptions were bought in at 70s. to 78s. per cwt. A cargo of Brazil coffee, 2,330 bags, consisting chiefly of low uality, was offered at auction, but there was so little demanX that, with the exception of 300 bags, the whole had to be withdrawn. Privately a floating St. Domingo cargo, 2,800 bags, has been sold at 49s. 6d. per cwt., free of average, destination not specified. RIcE.-The sales to-day were large, amounting to 6,100 bags Bengal, and 1,150 bags Penang grain. The market was flat, and of the quantity offered not more than 2,000 bags found buyers, at 9s. to 1Os. Gd. for middling to good white. MIoonghy was chiefly to-en in at 8s., the Penang at the same price ; and 300 bags Java at 12s. 6d. per cwt. SxuvrTar3i.-498 bags Madras realized 25s. Gd. to 26s. for 40 per cent. refraction. Bengal of 3 per cent. refraction has been sold privately at 34s. for 300 bags. LbnrGo (Second Day).-The sales to-day have proceeded with a little more firmness, importers having acted with greater reserve, and having bought in more than half the quantity put up. Prices have, however, been irregular,and range from February rates to 3d. decline, particularly on the finer qualities of Bengal. Out of 909 chests passed this morning 406 were sold, 467 bought in, and 36 withdrawn. TALI.ow.-The market remains quiet, without any alteration in price, and with but little business doing.
-- RAtLWAAY-AND MINING SHARES. - WednesdayEieciig The -railway-market opened with fitmnesi, and there was a further improvement before the termination of business. The final. adjustment of the account occupied attention -and checked the nsual cimrrent of operationsxiz. iidiai. ain-(I Fireicli sEares were well supported, but Belgian pereiende some fluctuiation. Few trahsations1tookplae in-Austra lian land and banking' ompanies, while the share&. of the new projects were also generadly negleted. Bank of Egypt left off to - pm.; Ottoman Bank, 1 to i- pm.; Riga Railway, 1§ toj+ pm.; LombnrdaVenetian, O- to i pm.; Western of London,~ 5 to 4 dis.; London and Paris, 3} to 2W diL;, .AThnce, 2 to 1 d;s.; and INati.onal Thzcount Company, c to .4 dis.
WAGEs or AGRicrjuRAT, SERvAxis.-At the principal statutes or annual hirings of servants in hnsbandry, which havc been held iuLincolushire during the last week, the wages of farm servants, both men and women, have raned high, bein'w, if anything, an advance upon the terms or last year. T'hepositionof these persons was never better than it is at the present moment, for besides the higher scale of remuneration their services now command, they are enabled to malke better conditions with their employers, to whom many of them assume a much moremadependent tone than they did formerly. Hardly so much can be said, however, for the day labourers employ'ed in agriculture, prices of provisions being high, and their pay not having risen in prowrtion. !M1urnCG BI~rnVonI~xT dO] Tuesday the third annual meeting of the governors of this instituxtion was held at their offices, Soho-square, Earl MIanvers in the chair. The report mentioned that the promoters of the college saw the undertaldng enjoying continued success and receiving increased subscriptions; the building was now completed; the schools were in operation, the pensioners were in their home, and theinstitution incorporated by act of Parliaraent. On the 25th of June las, Pnince Albert opened the college- andnon the 19th of July 20 punpils and 10 pensioners were admitted into it. On the 2tkh of Au gst there were also admitted 125 exhibitioners, which, 'wit25foundation scholars, made the entire number for which the college was designed. It is now desirable to build a chapel for the accommodation of the inmates, and to secure funds forthatpurpose, thefee of life member. ship has been in the case of ladies reduced-from 10. to 5Z. There was received at the last annual festival subscritons to the amount of 3,0001., and the late MEr. Thomas Matts bequeathed 3001. to the corporation, the interest to be paid in prizes to the pTlpils. The total receipts for the year, ineluding 532Z. balance from the former year, 9,8661. donations, 2,0084 subscriptions, 5,865. realized by the sale of 6,500h stock, amounted to 20,1057. ; and the expenditure, including 8,082Z. paid on building account,- and i,457. the repayment of a debt, and other items, to 19,008Z,; leaving inlhand a balance of 1,097Z. The report waa unanimousli adopted, and some routine business having been1 dised of, avot of thanks was passed to the chain en e meeting adjourned for a wcl,k when an election o pupiland pe=si.vn Wm take plaoej
- - RAmLmy PNGELLYZGZV'cE. -' METR6OET.*PAV- - The adjourned half-yearly meeting of this oomnpany wasw beld yesterday- at -the oflices,. Cret George-street, WVestminster; Mr. A. S. Ayrtoni the chair - 1 The CHuAMA& said, they had muet to consider thc pro,ety fadoptig thereport submitted at the meeig in h directors era not prepared' -with any Dew report, and theieforo would ask them to acquiesce in that aady pre3ented-. - thenidverted to the past history of the ompany, adita connerZon with- mr.- pevson's proectfora cty ermnus wich was amalgamatecl -with, hat of theMetropolitan Company. They had obtn ede. niaryassistance from membersof the corpoation, alsefromtheGreatWveste-rnCompany. Thermaxndabsrbe all the surplus cash i the country; the conquence w then capitalists on whom they rehed for supportto e- undertaking,-were not prepared to stphlyth fdor the purpose. The directors had given apledgethat-the o not mnake a call or proceed- with the works -ntil te had the assent of the shareholders. Their ndertaking diered in some respects from that of other raily compani inasmuch as -when the worls were commenod _t woud be necessary to carry them on as rapidlyaspo*ithavjew to complete them s soon as theycould, otherwise deli -ith the works would involve ernormous expense onthe company which it wasdesirable to avoid. They wereat presint ceeding withszegotiations which they hoped woul&lea> tea favourable termination in carrying out the proect. Thehad lately been in negotiation with the Great lSorthern Company on the subject of formmg a- junction with that company's railway, andit was believed the directors of thatcomnany would recommend their shareholders to subscribe 175,O00i towards theundertaldng. The proprietorswould1 see they were not at present in a condition to commence theworks, particularly as it was necessary they shoul dfirstcome to an understanding with the authorities of the d city of. London in respect to certain property through which theline was intended to pass. It was necessary that they should have power to ake land on each side of the railway, and to, make arrangements with the city of London for that purpose. Until those points were seltloed it -ould not be desirable to commence the works. The shareholderswould soon be called together again to consider the bill now before: 1Parliament, in compliance with the Wharneliffe standing: order. Considering the public events that had taken placesince they applied for power to construct the railway, thecourse adopted by the directors could not be deemedunsatisfactory to the shareholders. He would be glad to see the: works commenced, but he was not alarmed at the delay, for he thought much gooda would result from it; and, if ther undertaldng be really sound, the delay of five or six mnontb waould be of no consequence. It would not do to commence the works =recipitately and then find themselves in difficulty; the tors were desirous of making all the neces.- sary arrangements before they commenced operations. Me: concluded by moving the adoption of the report. Mr. JONEs complained of the obscurity in which their affairs appeared to be placed. Ho was not aware beforethat they were indebted to the Great Western for X- loan; he considered they were shareholders to the exttentof theirsubscription. ie considered that the company had been spending from 3,0001. to 4,0001. a-year since they had obtained their bill, which was too much to take out of' the smaU sum they had in hand. He thought the best thingthey could do would be to wind un the affairs of the company. He had no confidence in the statement of accounts, and tarticularly objected to the suspense account of 5,01. and the loan of 16,0001., and he had some doubts as to the: balance of 14,0001. . Mr. WaATis was surprised to -hear that the company had not the usual powers to purchase land in the city. He: wished to know how it was that their chairman was aboutto leave them? .lr. 3Aixs said, with reference to resigning the chair, he had intimated that at the last meeting in consequence of' his connexion with the Railway Reform Association, and. would now also resign his seat at the board. Ii The CHARIsuAN replied to the observations of Mr. Jones, which, he said, was totaUy unfounded, and in doing so said, the past proceedings of the company would bearthe fullest inquiry. It -was vell known that the Great Western had subscribea for 175,0001. of the capitaL and paidc their deposit of 17,5001., bht in order to complete the deposit. in Parliament they had advanced them a further sum of 12,5001., which they now had the means to returnwhen required. With regard to the calls, some parties had paid then, up in full, while sums received from others who had subscribed -were in disDute, and these sums were placed in a suspenseaccount untilthematterindisputewassettled. Since' thelast meeting 500. of that sum hadbeenpaid, and the suspense account was reduced by that amount, and as the otherdisputed sums were settled they would be deducted untiL the whole was extinguished. The accounts had been audited by Mr. Armstrong and Mr. Copestock, and there could be: no doubt asto the correctness of the items. Parliamentha& refused to allow the 71,0001. deposited in Chancery to be: withdrawn for the works until the specified time, but they agreed to extend the time for commencing the works one: year from the 1st of August next. After some angry observations on the affairs of the company, 3,r. MAnLs begged to assure the ineeting that thedirectors had not received one farthing for their expenses out of pocket nor for their services. The cost of the,firsti application to Parliament was limited to 3,0001. ; bht the: second application was opposed by Alderman Cubitt and other city persons, which had involved'the company in considerable expense. When once before a Parliamentarycommittee it was impossnble to iTmit expense, except by, withdrawing the bill, which would be, in many cases, very undesirable. The, strictest economy ,had been exercised in, the office expenses, which were not more than absolutely necessary. Mr. Jo.NEs having withdrawn some of his observations,. and Mr. BELL having commcnted upon the course adopted by him, the resolution for the adoption of the report wascariied. Two of the retiring directors, Mr. Dicey and Mfr. Price, were re-elected ; and Mr. Malins retired from the direction. Mr. nmIsnio1ci, tLe auditor, contended that the accounts had been most carefully audited, and said there could be no doubt of their correctness. The meeting then separated. TRAIO RETURNS. Miles Ps ker- Total, Totaw. laiw's. open eger chndie. I6. 255. £. £. D. £. Week ending May 3. Edinburgh and Glasgow .. 142 .. _ ., - .. 5,283 .5,610' Week eding May 4. Sorth Stalffordshiro . .. - .. - 7,111 .. 6,443 Caledonian.. . .k .. - .. - .. 11,03 ..11,39Z North Devon .. .. 35 .. - .. - .. 3G0 .. 293 Great Northemn .. .. 253 .. - .. - .. "o,c03 ..2,119 Week ending May 1. North London .. .. 9 .. - .. - .. Z113 .. 1,B50 tLondonandiNorth-Western553.. - .. - .. 6o,n9 .. 5sa.2'2 Midland .. .S . - .. - .. 29,643 .:6346. London and Sooth-Westen - .. 1,45.. 4,714 .. 16,199 .. l3S427 * Exclusive of traffic due under agreement .ith the london an& North-Western Railway Company t Eaxlusive of the traffic of the Huddemfield Canal, ShrOxahls Union, NorthUnion, Prteston and Wyre, South Jmnction, Manchester and Buxtoi, and Buckingamxsire Railway.
T}I ScdooLtAsr: AT HomE.-Who does not remember Guy's SpdUing Book If now and then it has caused us to be visited with what the Earl of Ellesmere calls. a bunch of myrrh, or some other sort of bunch, the visitation may have been, as his Lordsip said ,a ni ght or twosince, " bitter, but wholesome." Wvell, theauteor of theSpc2tng Book having scattered his leaves about the worldleaves thick as those of Vallombrosa-fell, anoverripe ap Ic from the tree of knowvledge into the dust, at the age of 9 He leaves a son, a younger Guy, now more than threescores and ten; a son who, from ;outh upwards, has sat at the school desk teaching generations, and obtaining the common. reward of teachers-poverty and gray hairs. The Guys have written very many schoolbooks that have somehowhelped to enrich certain vendors thereof; but, at the present time, the younger Guy of 70 has scawely the stregth to wrestle with the exuberant spirits of sehoolboys, commonly not too docile to the teacher's hand. Some twevelmonth sice an appeal was made to the givers of good, intheehale of small pensions, to scholars who have deserveti of their country; but, up to the present time, authority has shown no more interest for Mr. Gu than did Jack Cade, of illiterate memory, for a humane letters. Hitherto the Treasury has remained close as the rock to Ali Baba, ere Ali Baba had stumbled upontheaperientSmmame! It is thereforea greatpleasure to Mfr.Punch humbly to call the attention of an accomplished Prime Minister-who, in his time, must have beenthe very prince of schoolboys, seeing hown much of the fun of the playground he can at this day conserve for the House; of Commons-to the case of Mr. Guy. M'r. Puenck is convinoed that Lord I'alnerston has only to know the honest claims of the old, hardworked, outworked scholar to national relief, to grant it. And to grant it qnickly., ForLord Palmerston is not one of those State patrons of learning who, with the very best intentions to reward deserving letters with the merest crust, are somehow prone to dally so long in its bestowal, that when at length the crust s given, the man so comforted has left him but a few monthsa life to chew it. That was afie saying of Lord Brougham's -" The schoolmaster is abroad !" Like Virgil's row, it 1indled as it flew. Lord Palmerston, we have heard. vith the generosity of a hberal nature, was loud in his priise or that bright saying. May, then, A Paunch beg his Lordship's early attention to -Ir. Guy, the schoolmaiterathomoeZ -PunCh. [Advertisement.3-2Now ready, 3d edition, only 2s. complete, the Life and Adventures of 3nles Gerird the Lion ller (the Gordon Cnumming o£ North Africa). during his Ten Years' camnpalnssmnong the Lion, of Ageria, including maygraphnic ai;etches of Arablife, imd the detais of mor than forty encountera, adventue and. episodes;* a narrative of the most startling and extraordinary erploiteever recorded. The work chirulated with the rapidityv o£ lightning. houghout France on its appeAr1nee a fewmonthssao, andnowpublished in Engoish in - cheap form under coprighttratycannotfal of universa popularity. leinganentireiynewwork of ?r. Gerard, and the only complete and authentic account ofiis aclievenrentr, it is neOesr to givethe title a rice, and publisher. LmbertandCo., ev Oxford-street, and aui r -as. [Advertisement.i-The cessation of strife abroad opengthe -way for the peaceful triumphs of philanthropic enteri at home. Thongh victoryhas erownedo arms with suoceM in tho beautiful language of Xilton, " et muCh remains to conquer stil- nease hath her victories, no lems renowned than war." Thc people oP, this country wil have the greatest p port ever yet received in their noble struggle in the causeof self-eucation by the publication of division 1 or "Casse's Popular Educator." prices., whicmL wi bho ready Ma5. Itiited byPsvfesmor Wallace, and will contain a- course of lemsons in hitory, gammar, mathematics, arithmetic.- E~eeh,muic,pbsioog, Lti, btas. ndbiography. Had_NMiton, lived to cesthisdayhewould hav admitted that one TiCtry-WAS at. leaachieved,worthy of his verse and of his praise. London,W. ent and Co., 51 and 52, Paternoster-row, xublisiers of Casueds educationai workrls and the "Ilmisirated Pnilis aper ," and may be ha& of all booksellers. -- [Advertisementt.]" The Daughter of fight," a Tale of the Mines and the om,by . W. Faom, Esq*; ne edition rice 6s Gd. boards3 o, 6d., post free. "A most poweorfulitold and fcinai te-John sflL I exhibits an unquestionable skill and mastery of the subject."-Examiner. Alojustread, " TheOldEnsliahGentleanal;" byJehnMlllr,Ea. v rice lk Gd.- clotlr,2 "Tee inmitable akcetchesofcormtry life will be asadwitla. pemeand profit."n-Exanriner Also, ir the siane author, " Te ireteeB ter " rrioe ii. 6d. boards' * k6d. cloth. "At.ae oSf arrvicahe Inian tale, i-hE Woods newo editithoethag t r e marabl Idia taef" xck te Wod: or the ghting(Qnake,t irest, Bd,ge ,6;lob ,Y adlk 5 JF
THE. OBIMEAN BOARD OF xywaY. .'be Board of General Officezayesterdsy resumed their -aittings, interrupted by the illness of Colonel Tulloch. The TUDGx-ADvocA.Tr: (Mr. C. P. Villiers) said that ,sinoe the last adjournment of the Board a summons had been sent to Sir John. X'Neill to attend as a witness, and a second request had beeu forwarded to him to appear iern in the absence of Colonel Tuloch. The reply received was as foUolw3 " Grnton-house, Edinburgh, May 10. t Sir,-In rePly to your letter of the 8th, requesting me to attend on Wednesday, the 14th inst., at U o'clock a.m, inthe Great Iall at Chelsea, for the purpose of being exnamined aa a -witness, I have to inforr you that I am too un-well tobe able to attend at that true. " But, although the state of my health of itself precludes 'the possibility of complying with the request contained in your letter of the Sth, or with the suggestion contained in your Ietter of the Gth, I think it right, with all possible respect£or the Board, to add that, even if that obstale had not existed, I could not have agreed to depart from the ,course I have hitherto taken, in the absence of autlioritative information, more definite than I have yet received, as to the precise objects and the scope of the proceedings going -on at Chelsea, and as to the position occupied, orexpected 'to be occupied, relatively to tihe Board, and to each other by the persons who have appeared, or have been invited to 3appear, in those proceedings, and especially whether the proceedings are intended to bear upon the manner in which the members of the late Commission of Inquiry in the Crimea, of whom I was one, discharged their duties, and, if so, in what respect and particulars, and to what effect. "I have the honourto be, Sir, "Your most obedient servant, " JonI 1rNEILL. "The Right Hon. C. P. Villiers, Judge-Advocate-GeneraL" lie presumed it was to be inferred from this that Sir John 31'Neill would not attend before the Board. With respect -to Colonel Tulloch the foUowing certificate had been handed in "May 13. "T'his is to certify that we have this day visited Colonel 7olloch, and that, although convalescent, he is still in such a state of debility as to render him quite unfit for the transAction of any business. " J.tntss CLASSic, 3LD. J. R. MARTIN." Colonel Tulloch, therefore, could hardly be expected to re.appear here, and the Board were not disposed to adjourn further in the expectation of procuring the attendance of -ither of the conunissioners. In compliance with Sir It. Airey's sug,estion an application had been made to the War-office to know if any preliminary report of the commissioners, dated June 9, was in existence, and the report in question had been submitted to the Board, in case they Ahould wish to examine it ; but it had been at the same time intima-ted by the War-office that the only report recognized there was that dated Constantinople June the 10th, the other beiDg confidential and preliminary. Sir P.. Airey asked to be furnished with a copy of this preliminary report, and meanwhile he should be glad if the -Judge-Advocate wvould yead the first sentence. The JtDGE-AIDvocAtTE.-"We havetle honour to inform your Lordship that we have completed the inquiry intrusted ~to us.?' Sir E. Airey.-Tliat is enough. The Board will see that in their very fist Sentence the commissioners state thatthey have conmpleted the inquiry. The JUDGE-ADvocATE called Sir IRichard Airey's attention to a concluding sentence in this report, in vwhich the commissioners stated that they had cnot received all the -evidence upon the subjects of the inquiry, but when they had received that evidence, and the replies to the queries they had forwarded, they should have the honour of reporting upon the matters to which those queries related. Sir Richard Airey wished for a copy of this preliminary ieport, in order that he might show the difference between it and the one actually adopted and printed, which was dated June 10. Re wanted to know, too, when that date 'was aflixed to the printed report of the commissioners, the 1Oth of June being on a Sunday. The JUDGE-AIVOCATE corrected a misapprehension 'vhich seemed to have arisen in consequence of something 'which had fallen from hini on a former occasion. Fromi a -word he had inadvertently used it was supr"sed that the BRoard had intimated to Sir Richard Airey that ihere had been something disrespectful in his manner to Colonel Tulloch. Nothing could be further from the intention of the Moard than to convey such an impression, for Sir R. Airey's -conduct towards the commissioners had been marked by the atmost courtesy and consideration. The BOAlRD then proceeded to hear additional evidence in support of Sir R. Airey's case. Colonel Wetherall was first re-called and examined. He stated that he left the Crimea in order to join the Turkish Contingent at Constantinople about the 31st of Mlay, 1855, and at the latter endl of July or the beginning of August, the Continmcnt bein- ordered to Eupatoria, he was very anxious to takc withhbim a large body of artificers, in order to carry on the necessary works there. He therefore endeavoured to obtain at Constantinople a corps of 200 or 300 .carpenters, bricklayers, and artificers of different kinds, but -dthont success. At first they got Polish and Hungarian 'workmen, but the Greek and Armenian artificers would not °goto the Crimea. Sabsequently the Contingent v-as ordered to Varna,aandthentheycollected aboutlO workmuen-'vhowere 'wiang to proceed to that place, but their destination wasafterv,ards changed, and the men again expressed unwillingness to accompany the Contingent to Kertch. This *difficuOty was experienced ia spite of the large wages o.ffered. With respect to canvass, the Turkish Government undertook to supply sufficient of that article for the construction -of 200 hospital marquees; but in a week or two they 'wrote to say .hat they could get no canvass whatever, either from the arsenals at Constantinople or from private hands, and they be,ged that cotton might be taken as a substitute. He then wanted canvass for some pontoons; but, although -agents vere engaged to purchase the article, and price was no object, none could be got. Major Hackett, who was attached to the Staff of the army in the East, stated that he left the Crimea for Constantinople about the 16th of February, 1SM, and coniirnied the evidence of Colonel Wetherall as to the difficulty of inducing artificers to proceed to the Crimea. With regard to -canvass, he had endeavoured to procure some about the end -of February or beginning of March, but though a merchant -of Constantinople, 'who knew 'where to get all these things, -vas employed to purchase it, none could be obtained. Captain Derriman, R.N., stated that he commanded the C.aradoc, in the Black Sea, and wvas stationed latterly at BalakLava, his vessel remaining in that harbour throughout the wfinter of 185-4-, except vwhen employed on certain ape-cial services. HEad been directed by Lord Rvaglan through the Qaar-termaster-General's-o'dice to assist in obtaining- carpenters and artificers for the purpose of erecting huts and It Was his duty in consequence to go on hoard each transport as she came into harbour to ask the different captains to be allowed to employ their carpenters. It was quite a -voluntary act on the part of the captains, but they constantly did allow their men to be thus employed, often even -shen their services 'were really required on board their own ships. The men thus obtained 'were placed inder his controL When the transports became less numerous, of 'course the supply of carpenters fell off, and he was then ordered by Lord Raglan to go to Constanitinople -and endeavour to procure some there. With a little difficulty le succeeded. He found it impossible to obtain any himself, but applied to Lord Stratford, and through his scEans procured 49 artificers. Fortunately he was enabled to ship theni all, the men coming down on the day fixed, not voluntarily, but in obedience to the orders of the Sultan, whose wish was, of course, law. As far as he could remember, this was early in the month of February. These carpenters were wholly employed in the erection of huts. The ships' crevs were employed in building wvharfs, in landing stores and provisions, and in the boat duties of the harbour. Not a man v as unemployed whose services could possibly be miade available. It was his opinion, as a naval man, that -as many of the crews of merchantmen were landed and engaged Ln service ashore as could possibly be spared. Had tried to procure canvass at Constantinople for the 2se of the ship he commanded, but found it impossible to get any. ,Could not even obtain sufficient to replace the awvning of the -Caradoc, wvhich had been used for another purpose, and his -opinion was that if the fleet had put to sea, and bad met swith bad -weather, they could not have replaced their split sails at Constantinople, but must have depended on their own resources. 31r. Watson, 'who vas in charge of the stores of the First DiAvision, and was aftervards removed to head-quarters, was briefly examined as to the supply of rugs and blankets, and corroborated the views of Sir lRichard Airey as to the aselessness of palliasses. Sir R. Airey then proceeded to sum up his case, havin' first stated that lie proposed on a fatura day to draw the attention of the Board to the difference between the prelinminary report, dated June 9, which had just been furnished him, and the printed report, dated June 1. He had stated that he had come before this Court to impugn so much of the commissioners' report as tended to animadvert on his -administration of the Quartermaster-General's Department, and he had proposed to himself to effect this object by two listinct operations. First he intended to show that the evi- dence given in this ball effectualy removed every shadow of ground for those animadversions upon his department; and, secondly, he intended to impugn the report by showing that the conclusions therein contained would have been prevented by that very tesimony which, though not printed with the rest of the evidence, was, in truth, actualy given before the commissioners. He intended to invite the. Board to consider the circumstances under -which that displacement of evidence took place, but the absence -of the commissioners debarred hbn from pursuing that course. He did not, however, desire to exaggerate the njury wvhich his case sustained by their absence, because there existed ample grounds upon which to justify his decartment, independent of all those topics which tended to impugn the report in the way he had just mentioned. Upon carefully looking through and comparing the two repirts of the commissioners, the only animadversions really cast upon the Quartermaster-General's department seemed reducible to two heads-first, the supposed want of invention and skill in providing shelterfor the horses; secondly, the supposed want of good management in tho issue department. Now, the progress of this inquiry had strongly confirnmed him ir t7he impression that Sir John 1'Neill and Colonel Tulloch could not have been intrusted with the duty of making any such investigation as would justify aninadversions upon military officers then engaged with the enemy in the field. He had shown the Board that if languago possessed -anymeaning the instructions of the commissioners were strictly conimed to the commiszariat; that the official letter addressed by Sir John M'Neill to Lord Raglan announced in the most clear and precise terms an inquiry into the commissariat bunness, and nothing more; and that the commissioners themselves, in their own report, stated "the infli-ence of overwork and exposure on the health of the troops might appear to be foreign to the objects of an inquiry whbich had reference exclusively to the supply of the army and the arrangements of the commissariat."1 lHe had also shown that on the 19th of February, the very date of the nistructimns to Rix Jol i3MIll and Colonel Tulloch, the Government had intrusted to general Simpson the duty of mnvetigating the conduct of officers on the,general staff of the army. ie now found that his statements as to the power really delegated to the civil and the military com. missioners were fully borne out by the high authority of Lord ?almerstoi, whose speech in the House of Commons on the 16th of Februtry, 1855, clearly showed. that there w ' one tribunal for inquiring into the con missarixt and another for inquirin- into the general staff, the latter of those' duties' beiDgintrusted, as might be expected, not to Sir John MNeill and Colonel Tul. loch, but to an officer of high rank and authority. The result of General Simpson's investigation was alreaty known to the Board, and it mpust therefore seem strange to them that) having undergone the ordeal 'of a military in. quiry, he should afterwards find himself the subject of amniadversions pronounced against him- by a civil tribriral. With respect to tho s helter of horses, he might remark that; the want of shelter wvas not the cause of the mortality amnong the horses, which was mainly owing to the want of forage, and the necessity of throwing upon the cavalry for the time a portion of the land transport duty. In proof of this he might mention that none of the French or Russian horses had any shelter. He had never for a moment questionedthe fact that, could shelter for the horses have been attainable, it would have been highly desirable, and the steps he had taken for the purpose of securing first temporary and afterwards complete shelter had been already stated tothe Board. The Quartermaster-General had not the power to providedirectly the means and materialsneces. sary for such constructions; it was only by requisitions upon other departments that this could be effected. He could move the commissariatfor the purpose of purchasing the requisito materials and the Engineers to carry out the work, and all this he had done. It had, indeed, never foran instant teen questioned that he had pressed upon other departments the full employment of the means they could comruand, and that the hutting of the horses was carried on with such speed as the means at their disposal would allow. But, then, it had been said that something in the shape of a canvass shelter might have been devised, and that canvass night readily have been procured from the fleet and the transports. N;owV, such a su-gestion was founded on an accumaulation of fallacies. iho first error-one which seemed to make all old seamen smile-was that of supposing that ,spare sails meant sails which could 'ce spared. This mistake, however, had been effectually dispelled by the evidence of Admirals Dundas and Lyons, who had shown clearly enough that canvass which might be wanted w.as as necessary to the safety of a ship as that which was actualy in use. In the same way it was shown that it would have been an actual breach of duty on the part of masters of inerchantmen to have parted with.their sails. Then, as to labour, it appeared that there -was not a man to spare beyond those .whose services were actuaUy obtained either from the merchantinen or Her Majesty's ships. 'Vhat aid 'was secured from the transports was mainly applied to an object which Lord Raglan deemed of more vital consequence than any other-namely, the construction of wharves, without which thelauding of goods andstoreswasa process so slonauddifflcult that the army muight have suffered dreadful privations fror the want of articles which at that moment might have been on board vessels then lying in harbour. As it was, the greatest difflculty was experienced in landing the storee. With regard to the possibility of procuring carpenters from Constantiniople, the fact was that the French and English authoeities were constructing on the Bosphorus- works of such magnitude as to cause a great deniand for artificers, and it was not likely that men enjoying high wages at Constantinople, and strongly attached to their homes, would relish the idea of preceeding to the Chersonesus, and sharing the dreadful : hardships of the troops there. Accordingly, the Board had heilrd bf the difficulties experienced in the attempt to procure :carpenters in the Turkish capital. One apparently strong ground upon which the recommendation of a canvassshelter rested was the supp"sed lightness of the materials. From -the evidence of engineer officers, however, it seemed that canvass shelter for horses would require so muclh heavy scantling and wooden framework that the materials forsuch 'a construction would have been as completely beyond their small means of transport as erections made entirely of wood, -of which indeed there was no want at the time. WVhen he iadded to this the statements of all practical men that canvass would certainly have given way in the first gale of wind, he thought the assertion I his opening address would be found substantiated-namely, that the construction of a canvass 'shelter for the horses was impracticable, but that even if 'practicable it would have been useless. The Board now knew exactly what sort of "temporary she.ter" it was which "saved the baggagehorsesof the Sappers and Miners at Balaklava." These baggage animals consisted of nine bullocl's and 11 mules, which wvere placed within substantial :walls, standing before the war began; and the only addition .made was by stretching an old sail from wall to wall. .That there were circumstances under which canivass shelter mitht be made use of he knew, for he had succeeded, by ;the aid of the naval authorities, in erecting a shelter of this sort for the artillery horses and the baggage naules. This, however, was not upon the plateau, nct in the gorges of the valley, but in the sheltered village of BalakIava, so close to the -water's edge that they had not to encounter the difficulty arisin from the want of land transport. But even in this protectea ,position the erection did not answer at all well, and would not have been made use of if, from its close proximity to the town and harbour, means could not have been found to repair the injuries sustained by it froni day to day. With regard to the issue department, the Board, he hoped, after :the explanations given on this point in his openine .address, clearly understood that the QuartermasterGeneral's departient possessed none of the machinery for receiinge, transportin, or delivering stores to the men. All those duties had in former timnes beBolyed upon an officer called the storekeeper, but that efflce vas aboieshed, and the duties were thrown upon the commissariat. 'The Quartermaster-General, ho repeated, 'nly had to determnle the proportion in wehich the stores 'should e shared by the troops, and he referred to the cvi'dence of Colonel h etheall, Colonel illIenie, and Mr Boyd, to shor that he had niven such instru.ction:s as would prevent undue hindramce or trouble in obtaining the necessary requsitions. pneither e nor -the divisional Qrartermaster' toeneral was ever asked one question about the issue department, and, in the absence of any such information, he could hardly imagine that the ucommissioners had intentionally retained in their aeport those passages which seemed to contain animadversions upon his department in this respect. i Jn order to shows that anything had gone ,rong in the issue I department the commissioners should have shown, first that requisitions for supplies were disapproved by the Quastermaster General, and next that such disapproval was wiron,o neither of wnhich u ropositions had beenpestibtshed. After recapitulatiG the precautions' adopted to inform the troops of the articles in store, Sir iichard Airey concludedby observingthat ethought he had fully met all the animadversions which the report had conveyed upon his department, but wrould most gladly answ:er any ones-. tions o hich the Board might think it necessary to ast for the elucidation of any particular point. He felt deeply indebted to the Judge-Advocate-General for anticipatig his repudiation of any intention of personality in the manner of conducti,ng his case. ot a sentence had passed his lips 'which could tend to throw any imputation upon Colonel TuUloch's honour, and he might add that no one, except perhaps Colonel Gordon, regretted more than he did the disastrous illness vwhich had prevented the attendance of Colonel Tulloch. He could wel understand that anxiety and mental exertion had contributed to that result, for he (General Airey) had also learnt what it Was to be engaged day after day and week after week in the most painful of all duties-the justi ication of one's ow;n conduct. He had had to meet a most painful imiputation-that Her Majesty had been wirong>ly advised vhen he was permitted to receive honours from hec gracious hand. His friends had asked him w as it right to content binoelt with a mere vindication of his owin conduct, however cot plete, and tv avoid all utterance of complaint. He answoered that he had not complained yet, and did not now intend to do so. He had learnt from the example of as noble a soldier as ever eommanded a British army that it was one of the duties of an officer in these modern times to bear injustice from any quarter with long and enduring silence, and to regard all obloquynand all unfounded blame verymuch in theslight of those mere physical hardships which formed a portion of a soldier's life. It had happened tohima to be present whlen the late Lord Raglan was e.xposed to trials more severe than any to which he, a mere subordinate officer, could he exposed, hut be saw that chief able to bear all and to stand firm by the army in time of need, because he simply cast away every thought of self and remembered ouly, according to his owvn words, " his duty toethe Queen." That was the spirit of those who were reared in the schoel of the Duke of Wellington, and it appeared to him that in his bumble sphere ith ashis duty to accept and apply the example. Therefore, 'without dvwelling upon any bardship which might be thought to attach to his position, and withoult even inviting attention to the singullar causes wzhich led to the necessity for any justification, he commnitted his reputation as an officer-a reputation which he valued more than life-to the keeping of the Board; and he did so with a perfect confidence that truth and justice would ultimately prevail. Colonel Gordon was then called upon to state his case to the Board. ! The gallant colonel, before reading a statement which he had prepared, wished to observe that he intended to correct some nas-statements that had faUen from Colonel Tulloch, which he had abstained from correcting at the time when made, believing it would be more respectful towards th6 Board to await the present opportunity, and not at al anticipating the unfortunate illness which prevented Colonel Tulloch from attending. He, however, thought it necessary to correct those misstatements, in order to remove some misapprehension which existed in consequence. Colonel Tuoch had stated that tho original notes of the evidence given by officers in the Crimea were sent to them for revision. The original notes of his (Colonel Gordon's) evidencewere not sent to him, but the paper wbicl was sent differed very much from the original notes which had now been produced before the Board, and which showed that one portion of his evidence had been entirely omitted from his reported evidence on the 24th of May. Upon the 28th of May he was again examined in the presence of Colonel Wetherall, and from the original notes it would be seen he had given no evidence relating to clothing or stores, but in the copy sent to him on the 4th of June, two hours before the commissioners left the Crimea, he found he was represented as having stated that he believed it would have been an advantage to the men to have had rugs; but was not aware that the question of its expediency had ever been raised, and further evidence upon the same subject. Although he did not remember having given such evidence, yet he thought at the time he might have done so, and permitted it to remain, strikg out only one sentence, which he was certain he had not uttered. He now found, upon reference to the original notes of his evidence, that the commissioners had embodied in the evidence given by him on the 28th of Mhay answers to questions put to Isinm on the 24th. Colonel Tulloch had also stated that the omitted portion of Colonel Wetherall's evidence had been sent to him (Colonel Gordon) for revision. Colonel Wetherall had previously applied to the commissioners to know whether they wished to detain him in the Crimea, as he was anxious to proceed to Constantinople to join the Contingent |andthe commissioners, after consultation, informed him L they did aotwish to detain him. They aftetwards puti. ,uesltions to General Airey, but, as none of those questions .sfe.red to clothing, he (Colonel Gordon), wihen the eaidencerecbed him, on the 4th or June, - did not think it necessary to send it to Colonel Wetherall at Constantinople, that officer's evidence resting upon. fires which could be tested by the books in the Crimea, The paragraph omitted from Colonel Wetherall'r evidence was not in the minute which was sent, and le (Colonel Gordon) had never seen it until he saw itprinted in thiscountry. The gallant colonel then referred to& question which had been put to him in the Crimea by Colon el Tulloch : " 7. You state (page 169 of your evidence), as a reason for not making these issues, that you thought, ' when the men had two blankets, a sheepskin coat, a fur cap, a pair of leggings, a vwaterproof hood, one-third of a buffalo robe, two Guernsey frocks, two pairs of drawrers, two pairs of socks, a pair of winter oots, a comforter, and two pairs.of gloves, as weU as an extra suit of unifonr, &c.,' that they were not so badly off. Were you aware, when you made this statement, that the returns received from the Qaartermaster-General's Department show that the articles of which the non-issue is complained of,arrivedat Balaklava between the 21st and 28th of November, while those to which you refer (with the exception of the blankets), were not received tillnear the middle of Jannary? Row, then, could the issue of the latter have operated as a reason for the nonissue of the former, when they were not available for at least six weeks after the 28th of November, during which period the sufferings of the men, from want of sufficient clothing, were at their greatest height?' Sir J. MINeill had placed against the original question a note-" Would it notbe better to quote the words of the ovidence referred to?" If that suggestion had been complied with, the question could not have been asked, because he (Colonel Gordon) had on a previous examination stated that he did not believe there were a sufficient number of blaukets, great-coats, and rugs at that time in store to admit of such an issue being made. The answer which he did give to the question put by Colonel Tulloch was that it oontained assertions which were not correct, and, being founded upon error, he declined to answerit. He had also to remark upon two paragraphs in the comaissioners' report, and would in the first instance beg the Board to remember that he was not the officer personally charged with the distributionof the warm clotig and stores, and he was led to believe that his evidence was only preparatory to that of General Airm, in order to save that officer's time upon points which his subordinates could satisfactorily answer. The conmissioners in their report said,- I It will be seen from the evidence of Colonel. Gordon, thern Assistant Quartermaster-General, that he attributes the non-recovery of the knapsacks at an early period to the General Officers of Divisions, with the exception of the Duke of Cambridge, preferring not to receive them' On referring, however, to two of the officers who commanded divisions on that occasion, one of them states positively that no such offer was made to him, another thathe has no recollection of it, though it may have been so; the third being absent, we have had no opportunity of commluinicaing with him on the subject." This implied an inconsistency with his evidence, which was, however, correct, that the Orinoco hhd been ordered to collect tho knapsacks, but some of the Generals not vwishing to have them at that time, there was delay, and some of the vessels went aw-ay with the knapsacks on board. Several commanders of regiments were disinclined to receive the knapsacks at that moment, as there was great uncertainty as to the movements of the army, and they would only have embarrassed the menin an assault, and if Sebastopol had been, aswas expected, speedily taken the vessels could have entered the harbour and landed their eargoes when required. On the 1st of October the Orinoco was appointed to collect theknapsacks, and notice was sent to all reniments by General Airey. On the 3d of October General Airey ornered that the knapacks should be given to all regiments which wished for them, and the next day a sergeant from each regimzent was ordered to proceed on board the Sydney to recover them. In the evidence he had given he had not the slightest desire to imputo blame to anyone, the Generals of Division having, no doubt, excellent reasons for not accepting the knapsacks at that moment. The commissioners also stated that,- " Colonel Gordon in his evidence assigns as a reason for the non-issue of many of these supplies that he conceived the men had enough, and he enumerates a long list of articles supplied to them; but he overlooks the fact that the greater number of these were not issued till about the end of January, or beginning of February, whereas the period during which the men principally suflered was in the months of December and January, when it appears that there were supplies enough in hand to have averted much of that suffering." He denied most unequivocally the accuracy of that statement. The true reason was given in his evidence, that lie did not believe there were a sufficient number of greatcoats, blankets, and rugs in store to have allowed such an issue as the commissioners suggested. Neither had lie overlooked the fact that of the articles which were supplied to the men some of them were not issued until the middle of January, and he was surprised the com- iissioners should impute to him that he did, seeing that he had furnished them with returns showing the date of arrival and distribution of the various articles. Colonel Tulloch had asked a question of Colonel %Vetherall which he would, had he been present, no doubt have repeated to him (Colonel Gordon). Referring to a statement in his evidence, that therewasno limitation in the issue of blanikets and great-coats except the Queen's warrant, and no instructions were sent from home to suspend the operation of that warrant, although Lord Raglan took upon himself to do so when he thought it necessary, Colonel Tulloch had asked, if there was no limitation in the supply, how that fact could be reconciled with his evidence. The commissioners, in their report, stated,- " One of the reasons assigned for not issuing the regi-. mental great-coats was, that the regulations of the service, as established by the Queen's varrant, did not authorize such issue nmore frequently than once in three years. The proportion of corps in the Crimea entitled to them in terms of that warrant was very limnited, and it does not appear that any instructions dispensing with its restrictions were received there, or that any intimation was given of the intention with which they weresentout. Had an application teen made, however, it is not probable that the General commanding would have refused to authorize, on his own rEsponsibility, the distribution of articles of clothing which were likely to contribute to the health and efficiency of the troops, and if the Quartermaster-General doubted his own powers in this matter, it appears to us that he ought to have applied for that authority." HXe could find nothing in the evidence to warrant that statemeat. HIe had show;n in his evidence that the men were always supplied with great-coats, and that there never was any hesitation in exceeding the limitation imposed by the regulationswheneverit appeared advisable to do so. The commissioners remarked that had application been made to the General commanding he would probably not have refused to authorize a further distribution; but, as he had stated that Lord Raglan had of his own authority suspended the operation of the warrant, he was at a loss to know why the commissioners should ask for that authority to he exercised which had already been exerted. He thought, also, he had a right to complain that[ the commissioners had not put a single question to Sir R. Airey upon the subject of clothing, but found it very gratifying that his own peculiar branch of the department had not incurred one single damnatory remark from the commissioners. His - performance of his duties had, he believed, merited the approval of those under whom he had served, in proof of which he begged to be allowed to hand in some papers. (The gallant colonel then handed in copies of letters from Lord Raglan to Lord Hardinge, recommending him for promotion; of a letter from General Sir F. Smith, testifying to Colonel Gordon's attention and' progress while pursuing a course of engineering studies at Chatham; from Sir R. Airey, on his quitting the Crimea; and from Lord Hardinge, when. M,aster-General of the Ordnance, in 1852, commending his exertions in the preparation of the new musket now in general usein the British army.) General BEszxxzy said he, as chairman of the Sm' Arms Committee, perfectly concurred in that commendation. CoIonel Gordon thanked the gallant General, and concluded his statement by observing that when the present excitement had passed away it would be found that no blame attached to that army, and that, but for the energy displayed by the soldiers and ofiicers in the winter of 1854, the sufferings of that army would have been far greater -than they actually were. Sir .Airey, in reply to GeneralE, said he had no idea at the time that the commissioners were about to hold a court of inquiry. Colonel Gordon, in reply to the JuDGE-ADvocATE-GE;R,%ai, explained an allusion in his evidence to "'secret evidence" taken by the commissioners, by stating that he meaut the witnesses were examined singly, and that when he found the commissioners in possession of returns which he knew were incorrect he invited them to confront him with the witnesses who had furnished those returns. At the conclusion of Colonel Gordon's case the Board adjourned until to-morrow (this) morning, at 11 o'clock, when MIr.Eilder will make a statement, with which, it is believed, will terminate the public sittings of the Board.
[Advertisement.]-Whoever has learned to read possesses the key to the Temple of Knowledge: its portals can then be unlocked, ,and its inmost recesses penetratedl. This dy is published. and may bo obtained of ay bookseller. price lid, No.2, tobe continued weekly, of "COa8ell's Educational Course,' containing32 pages of letterpress, .decxnyo, withvengraved diagrams; constituting it one of the cheapest educational works ever isgued. The course commences with " Scienco Popularly Explained;" or 4,000 Questionsuponvariomu branches of 'Science, .v,ith 4,000 plain and iutelligble Answers. " Jobn Cassell's Educational Course' willibe found entertaining, as wel as instractive, to allclasses. The work wvill hoissued in monthlyiarts also; the sat at wil he ready May 31, price 7d. " Cassdels ustrated History of Ingland," which has attatined such an unexampled circulation, is pub- lished in weekly numbers, price Id. each, and in montbly pats Iprice 7d. London; W. Kent andCo., Patenoster-row, and al=ook~sellers. [Advertisement.J-Shoid yyou desire to have you dinners properly dressed and served, then purehase " Cookery Nade Easy" for Is., post free ls. 2d. This book not only telDtyour oook what to do, bat Ihow to do it. If you wish your horse to look wel andboproperly attended to, "Practical Directions on the Choice, Treatrnent, and Mnagemcnt of Horses," by Eills, MLV.C.S., i3tho bookyonought not to b withot; Is.; post fee, Is. 2d. Have you a garden, and like it to look well, and keep it so with little troubleI Then obtoin Wlliam Davis Smith's "Practical Guido to the Culture of tho Garden;" Is, post free, Is. 2d. Iondon; Dean and Son, printers, pubshers, Bible and wedding stationerv warehouse, 31, Ludgato-hiUL (Advertisement.]-The "Sunday Times," the largest newspaper in England, contains 72 folio columns. The best Sunday paler for advertisers, for general and latest information. Isnow eirtotated in Sydney, Melbourne, FrnaNce, Nw York^ Boston, Philadelphia. throughout the colonies, and all the agricultural districts in Eng9land. Ireland. and Scotland. Contains latest Agricultural News, with a leader thereon, written exptressly for this jotunal-Sporting-Yachting -DTip from tho Stables-News of thc Derby-Full Report and exclusive ParticulasofPaimer's Trial atthe olid aIley-Theptrical,P4lee, and other intelligence. OfflIce, 103, Fleet-street, London, [Advertisement.1-" ,Lake Ngarni or Exlora ions I and Discoveries in South.Westem Arica," by Charles John Ander.son; 1 vol. with map and upwards of 50 illustrations. Just published. " TLis narrative is one of the mnost important geographical works tha: have lately appeared. It contains the account of two journeys made between the years ISiO and 1854, in the first of which the cotuntries o- the Damaras ,nd tho Orambo, previoumly scarcely known in Europe, were explored; and in the second the newly-discovered Lake Ngami was reached. The workwcntains much Ocientiio and accurte information as to the geology, the scenery, products, and resources of the regions explored, with notices of te religion, manners, and customs of the native tribes. The continual sporting adventures aud other remarkable occurrences, intermingledwiththe narrative of travel, make the book- as interesting to read as a romance, as. indeed, a good book of travels ought alwaYs to ho. The illustrations, by Wolf, are admirably deslined, and must of them represenlt scenes !aw striking as any witncsed by Jules Gerard or Gordon Cumming."-Literary Gamette, H-rst ard Nlackett, PuAbliche4 13, Great hUarlboro4h-stnt.
AYAL AND MILITAY The following is from our cor=espondent,' daIed Malta Mfay 9 - "Her majesasrewaseanmirns'ortHimalay bigin Simptai Hste. a, RN., M and . tlibridg'. u:d the Siila steam-tranport, brmginz Engineer Potter, b arrived from Southampton on the 8th. The Simla left foConstantinople on the 9th, conveying Lieutenant e, Scolts Grays. cThe City of London steam-transport arrived from Genoa and Spezzis on the 7th, with oxen aid preserved meats for the British Commissariat, and having on board Dr. Gauger, of theAnglo-ItaianLegion; Deputy-AssistantAdjutant-General De Giorgio, Brigadier-Quartermaster LIech, Quartermaster Watts, 4th Reginient; and 8 altse cattlefeeders. "SThe Ripon and the Inperadar steam-transports have left for Constantinople. "H er Majestys steam-transport E[esper left on the 8th for Constantinople 'ith biscuit, from England, for the British Commissariat. " Her Majests screw steam-transport Resolute arrived from Balalclava on the 8th, bringing 13 horses, Colonel Boxton, Majors Howe and Leie, Captains Darling, Lousader, Straubenzee, Percy, and Terry; Lieutenants Beresford, Borton, lliston, Harvey, Husey, Nugent, Sealy, Thompson, Taylor, and Wishart; Ensigns AIply and Plumnridge, Paymaster Sievewright, Adjutant Macqueen, Surgeon Meadows, and 690 non-commissioned offieers and privates of the 9th Regiment, aho left in the same transport on the same evemng for Quebec; Captain :.Pberson, Lieutenant W'Pherson, and Lieutesiant Parker, aind 88 noncommissioned officers and privates of the 17th; Lieutenant MfacIeod and 18 men of the Lauid Transport Cora, Major Robinson. 4th- Captains Jonesand Kerr, of the Bth. This vessel left for (4uebec on the 8th, after embar-ing at Malta Captain and Mrs.- Percy and child, Lieutenant and Mrs. Taylor and chld, and Mrs. Bunbury and three children. IHer Majesty's steam-transport Assistance arrived from Scutani on the 9th, bringing 155 horses, Captains George and Keith; Lieutenants Lord Vane Tempest,- D Bourbel, Hunt, Kinstowley, and Puxley, and Assistant-Surgeon Cullen, and 219 non-commissioned officers and troopers of the 4th Light Drgoons; Captains Clayton, Frith, Jervis, 7Waclean, and Smith, Lieutenants Kountze, W'Nleil, and Munn, Quartermaster Cresder, Drs. Armstrong and Howe, Veteriary-Surgeon Hart, and 393 non-conmmissioned officers and troopers, and three soldiers' wives of the 13th Light Dragoons; Major Beardmnore, 20th Regiment; Captain Barnett, R.A, and Civil SurgeonsEHall and Nicholas. "Tl'he Derwent steam-transport left for England on the "The Mfaria schooner-yacht, having on board the owner, Mr. Wylie, sailed for Gibraltar and England on the 8th. "HlIer Majesty's screw steam-frigate Dauntless left for England on the 5th. "*The Chester steam-transport left~ for England on the Her Majesty's steam-frigate Odin anrived from MarseiUes on the 8th. "The Brandon, French Government steamer, arrived from Toulon on the 8th. " The Minna screw-steamer, with iron boats and provisiolns for the French, left for amliesch on the 8th, conveying four French soldiers and two English engineers. ",The Roman schooner Don Luigi, with hay for the French Government, arrived on the 8th from Bumicino. " The Viscount Lambton screw steam-transport, with a cargo of stores for the French Government, arrived from London on the 9th. " The Laplace, French steam corvette, arrived on the 7th from the Pireus of Athens, bringing 420 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates for Oran. "The French sailing frigate Zenobia, with 5G0 offlcers, non-commissioned officers, and privates for Oran, arrived from Kamiesch and the Piricus on the 8th. "The French screw steam-transport Bresil arrived from Constantinople and Zante on the 8th, with 282 officers, non-commissioned officers, andprivates for Algiers. "The Tigris, English bark, with ammunition andtwa like stores, conveying 15 Sardinian soldiers, left for Spezza on the 7th. "The Nil, Egyptian steam-frigate, left on the 7th for Gibraltar, to load mules for Alexandria. "1 The Orontes, French postal-steamer, from Marseilles and the Italian ports and Messina, arrived on the Sth, and left on her return voyage the same day. "'The Tamise, French postal-steamer, from Constantinople, Smyrna, and Syra, arrived on the 7th, bringing, among other passengers for Malta, the Hon. G. Elliott and Mr. Boileau Elliott; and for Marseilles, Mustapha Bey, five privates of the'Anglo-German Legion, General of Division Vinois, Generals of Brigade Beuret, De Puybusques, De Veinseffer, and De ViUiers, lieutenant-Colonel Cadars, 36 other French officers, 40 non-comnmissioned offlcers, and 400 privates. She left for Marseilles on the 5th. Her Majesty's steam-paclket Triton, with the mails from the Ionian Islands, arrived from Zante on the Sth, bringing Ensign Hal, 47th; Captain Forrest, of the Ionian service snd son; Sergeant Salter and Private Salter, of the 4Sth, with their respective wives and six children; Private Cockran, 48th; Mr. Byrne, of the Mledical Staff; and Dr. *The French postal-steamer left forMarseiles on the 8th. "The Lady Alice Lanibton and the Butjadingeui (Oldenburg) screw steamers left with general cargoes for Constantinople on the 8th. " The Briton's Ferry screw steamer arrived from Smyrna on the 9th, with a general cargo for London. " The Royal Albert, steam line-of-battle ship, has just returned into port from a five days' eruise in the Malta Channel, and the Vectis is signalled from Alexandria, with the Overland India MIail for England, which she will carry on to Marseilles this evening." By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Sultan, which arrived at Southampton'yesterday with the Peninsular mails, we receive the following items of naval and military intelligence from Gibraltar. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steam transport Siinla arrived at Gibraltar, en routc to the Crimea, to bring home horses and troops on the 4th inst., and shortly afterwards resumed her voyage. The Clarendon steam transport, with stores for Gibraltar and 1alta, arrived out on the 5th inst., having experienced a gale of wind during the voyage, by which her fore and main topmast and mizen top-gallant-mast were carried away. The steam transport Hesper, from Plymouth, vwith a cargo of biscuit for the use of the army and navy, sailed from Gibraltar for Malta and Constantinople on the 2d inst. The whole of the ambulance waggons, arranged for the tiansport of the prepared fireworks, are in readiness for departure from Woolwich to London, so that it may be concluded the arrangements are in a due state of forwardness. A mile of electric wire has been drawn from the depot at the Royal Arsenal, with a view of increasing the rapidity with which it is necessary that some of the pieces should be ignited in succession. It is, however, understood that the attempt did not succeed; nevertheless, judgingfrom the experimental trials wlich have taken place in the marsh at Woolwich, there can be no doubt that the national treat of the 29th will be pronounced one of unparalleled splendour and magnificence. Independently of the fountains, which are to flow with streams of fire showered down from three lofty basins, and many other designs entirely' new, numbers of the rockets being the peculiar invention of Captain Boxer, superintendent of the laboratory department, and partially prepared by himself, are of a strictly novel and unique description. The ground will beconstantly illuminated with the popular red, white, and blue, to be represented by a composition which will be set on fire at various distances throughout the inclosed space. The termination of the entertainment will be appropriately announced by an illuminated device of "God save the Queen" on a wreath of laurel, surmounting a brilliant and fixed star framed with olive branches, emblematical of the occasion, which wil be visible for four minutes. Brevet-Lieutenant-Colonel.Hainley's Company, No. 0Gof the 12th Battalion Royal Artillery, have received orders to hold themselves in readiness to proceed from Woolwich on the 17th inst. for Leith to relieve the 2d Company of the 6th Battalion, who are ordered to return to head-quarters to prepare for foreign service. The convict-ship Runnymede sailed this morning from Woolwich Arsenal, whence she embarked 44 convicts for transportation to Western Australia. A detachment of 13 pensioners were likewise shipped thence for voluntary emigration, who are to act as guard during the passage otit. 'The crew of the Runnymede being incomplete she was obliged to anchor at Gravesend, but will most probably mnstor to-morrow, and take her departiare, callin- at Portsmouth and other places on the coast to flU up her destined freight. A number of mortar floats are expected, at Woolwich Dockyard from Portsmouth. Immediately on arrival they will be dismembered, and stored piecemeal, so as to require little labour to readjust them for contingent emergencies. The Merln, 6 guns, paddlewheel steamvessel, Captain Bartholomew J. Sulivan, C.B., arrived at Sheerness, from Portsmouth, on the 13th inst., at 11.15 a.m., with the mortar vessels Nos. 7 and 16 in tow. The gunboat Shamrock-, Lieutenant-Commander William A. JH eath,' also arrived the same day from Portsmouth at 11.1o a m. The Firefly, 4 guns, paddle'wheel steamvessel, CaptLin Henry C. Otter, arrived the same day at 2.25 p.m., with Nos. 8 and.9 mortar vessels in tow from Portsmouth. The Otter, 3 guns, paddlewheel steamvessel, LieutenantCommander John E'Glover, arrived at Sheerness yesterday at 9.:0 a.m. with two mortar vessels from Portsmouth An order has been given to launch the ScyUa, 20 guns screw steam corvette, at Sheerness, on the 19th of June niext. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty Gilbert I:; Green, to be master, to the Kite; William Rich ardson, to be assistant-surg eon to RaslarHo s- pital; John F. Mitchell, to be assistant-surgeon to the Retribution; Samuel Magil to be assistant-surgeon to the MILITIA. The 3d West York Militia aro to remove from Belfast to Riclhmond Barracks, Dublin, this day (Thursday).prior to their embarcation for England, where they will be disembodied. They are expected to bae in Doncaster in the course of a 'week or two. Orders have been issued for coutinuin g the recruiting for the regiment in the West Riaing, but no more aren are to be sent to Ireland. EIRRATUAL-In the notice of the 5th Royal iancashire Militia which appeared in our columns yee;erday under the head "Naval and Military Intelligence' the name oE M1aIor Chambers wa.s printed fox Majot "Chambre"-` of that regioient.
STATE 01? .GEYPT. (F1oM OUE o*w coRREsraNnxm.) C -L iX,hVDRIAI, Iky 6. The Peninsular and Oriental Company suamers Indus and Vectis leaye this day with the Bombay and Calcuttb mails, which arrived st Suez-the former on the Ist, the latter on the 3d of this month.c The transit through Ept continues to be condStea in a ery unatisfactory manner, and no pains are takerstim. prove it. Robberies of cargo and passengers'luggage;stilj occur, and by the last mail two boxes of specie and oune of merchandise were again allowedto be abstracted while passing throogh the country. The Overland mail of the 10th"t April was brought from London to Alaxandria, a distance of 2,200 miles, in eight days; and it took the Transit Administration four days to convey the same mail from Alexandria to Suez, a distance of only 220 miles, 133 of which are crossed by rail, so that the India steamers, which had been waiting since thel7th, could mot leave Snez before the 22d of the month. Before the construction of the railway, when the means at the disposal of the,then directors of the transit were very limited, and when the water in the Canal and in the Nile, by its variations in height, presented great obstacles to regular traffic, three days were considered ample for the comnmunication between Alexandria and Suez; and this period :was seldom exceeded; and now that the railway between 'Alexandria and Cairo offers such great facilities the transit always takes more than three days between the arrival of the steamers at one end and their departure at the other end of Egypt, amid it is sometimes (aslast month) four days. The Southampton passengers of the 21st of April arrived here in the Indus at daylight yesterday morning, and notice was sent to them by the transit directos, as also to the passengers who had arrived bythe Vectis the day before, that they would start by train at 12 o'clock. It was a hot 'burning day, with a strong southerly or Xhamseen wind blowing, of a peculiarly painful, and oppressive nature to the passengers; and although they were at the station at the appointed time the train did not start until three hours and a-half afterwards. The investigation into the claim of El Efimee Pasha, son of the late Abbas Pasha, is still going on. The modest amount demanded of Said Pasha is three milions sterling, which the present Viceroy cannot smmarily reject, from the precedent that Abbas Pasha was made to pay to himself a good round sun as a portion of his inheritance. TLe English, French, and one or two other Consuls-General, by desire of Said Pasha, attend at the meetings to give an opinion onthejustice of the claim; but it would be verydificult to enter into the merits of the case, and there is little doubt that the plan ultimately adopted must be that a sum of money be given to El Eamee Pasha, and that in future no clains of the same nature will be attended to It is held by the Pashas of Egypt that, after payment of the absolutely necessary expenses of the State and the tribute due to the Sultan, the excess of income becomes their private property, and that whatever money is exjended for the benifit of the country, as for railroads, canals, &c., ought to be made good to the immediate heir o° the preceding Viceroy; but if these claims continue to be at all countenanced they will go far to impoverish the country, and to indauce the actual Viceroy to hoard the excess of income for his own private benefit, and not to trouble himself about public improvements. It must be remembered that the -inheritance does not descend in a direct line, but to the eldest male living member of the. family, so that it fluctuates between sons, brothers, nephews, and uncles, and each Viceroy, as he comes into power, knows that at his death the State will pass into another branch, with which very generally, as is the case with' all Orientals, he has no sympathy. This state of affiirs has great disadvantages; but, on the other hand, if the inheritance were made in a direct line and the successor were a minor, the country would soon fall into great confusion and anarchy. What, for instance, would become of Egypt if Sa'd -Pasha were to die just now and the reins of government pass into the hands of his son, -who is not three years old? - Said Pasha, who protects his private soldiers in every way and wishes to attach them ,to his person announced a few days ago that he gave leave to the greater part of his army to spend the present month of Eamadan, or month of fast. ing, in their own homes. It is believed that his Highness expected that they would not genera3ly avail themiselves of the leave granted to them, but that they would express their attachment to him by remaining with their regiments, and he was much disappointed at the eagerness they all displayed to get away as fast as possible, resortmg even to the means of trying forcibly to get a train to themselves, for which miany were brought back and punished. Said Pasha vill some day find his rmistake in granting too many priN - leges to his soldiers, for they evince many signs of insubordination, and will give hbnn trouble. A circular, of which the following is a traiislation, has been issued to the several Consuls-General by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Egypt-:-- " The formation of a new bank under the title of the Bank of Egypt having given rise to diverse interpretations and alarmed certain inteiests by its very title, I have received from the Viceroy the order to communicate to you that this bank is subject to 'exactly the same conditions as the other already existing banks; that, like the latter, it is completely independent of the Egyptian Government; and that, in the mind of His Highness, there could never have been any question of granting to it any exceptional protection which would have constituted in its favour a sort of privilege prohibited by treaties." The Mahmoodieh canal has been thoroughly cleansed and deepened, water has again been let into it, and the communication between Alexandria and the Nile will be uninterrupted. The work, by all accounts, has been very cleverly done; the bed of the canal is now on a level with the bed of the river, which will insure a regular supply of water all the yearzround; and, though so many thousand people were assembled, the work- being equally distributed and fairly apportioned among them, they laboured heartily and completed it within a very short time, and very little mortality has occurred. Said Pasha is at present on the Nile. Trade is very dull, but the canal being open a good deal of produce may. be expected from the interior, which wiU give employment to the shipping in port. Exchange on London, 991 piastres per pound sterling. Syria is in a very unsatisfactory state, and the whole country seems quite ready for a general rising against the authority of the Sultan. The Sultan's decree of the 18th of February gives general dissatisfaction, for the bigoted Mahommedans will not alow that the Christians should be put on the same footing with themselves; and the Christians are displeased because they feel that the Mahommedans wiU never consider them as their equals; and, they would rather pay an additional tax than be mnade to serve in the army. A great outrage has been committed at Marash, near Aleppo. An English agent named Guermano, engaged in purchasing animals for English account, having had a difference with some of the natives, he was shot in his own house, which was afterwards set on fire, and his -wife and two children were burnt to death. The rioters at Nablous have become alarmed for the consequences of their late outrages, and it is understood that the Pasha of Jerusalem and the Consuls are devising measures for the punishment of the ringleaders. . 2r. Lyde's share of the matter is being investigated by the Turkish authorities; but it is the general opinion that the English Consul has acted improperly in not causing the trial to take place within his own jurisdiction. -The Christian pilgrimage to the Jordan and the opposition Mohammedan pilgrimage to Nebby Mooseh took place without disturbance. The number of pilgrims this year has been considerably larger than for many years past. The infamous imposture of thoHolyTire was exhibitedin the, church of the Holy Sepulchre on Saturday, the 25th of April, with the usual scenes-of profanity, superstition; and' fanaticism. The church was filled by a mixed multitude of Greeks, Armenians, and a few 3Iohammedans, -while in the gaUeries were a good many Europeans. Some of the people were rushing about in. troops, shouting, singing, dancing, raising men on their shoulders and carrying them round the church, and working themselves up to a high pitch of excitement. Oneman walked round the Sepulchre with another on his shoulders, and a boy above him. One. man would go before a number of others clapping his hands and singing, his foUowers answering in chorus. When the Pasha arrived his soldiers were formed so as to keep a clear space for the procession round the sepulchre, and the people gathered in two dense masses round the holes in the wall from which the fire was to issue, the Greeks on one side and the Armenians on the other. The Greek bishop then made his appearance, and with seven banners before him marched threetimesround the sepulchre, after which having divested himselfof his capandouterfobes heenteredthesepulchre. The excitement of the masses round the holes now increased to frenzy; in the miidst of great shouting the fire was handed out, and the flames spread froma torch to torch amid a general roar of fanaticism. The Greeks and Armenians began to quarrel; very soon there was a general inMC c, and the church resounded with the blows of sticks, crashing of lamps, and tearing of pictures. The -Moharnmmedan soldiers were called upon to interfere, and in half an hour thei:r bayonets succeeded in clearing the church, the pavement of which was left streled with broken glass and oil from, the lamps. A stick had transfixed the fine pictuxe O6 the Reaurrection over the entrance to the towb. Rovzmu LONDON Oru anLk-,rr KOs AL.-HEer Majesty the Queen has graciously been ploaseia to present the mu;nificent donation of 100l. towards the expenss of the recent enlargement xnd improyement of thhi hospito1
YEE BAND IX XEySr',GXOXtA- RoES. _ TO TRH .EDITOP. OF TM, TfltS.; Sir, As one interested deeplyinthe religiouswelfare-f the worling clas-e, I heartily and sncerely tharn you for the powerful arlicle in your im.presaon of this morning oiL the witadrawal of the bands from tbe several parks. I aI" hanlk youfor the insertion of my 3ettr on the subject, -little thinkig at the time I wrote it that tbe god e:ntions of the Government would have been -swamped s c*wVy. I would 3iow ask most respectfaully, where -i thi bigotry tcK End? Ilenext3norementWM be the stoppsr of all fnau day trains; sad then the debasement of the W;O agcasees will be complete. - - say it emphaticaly, and as a minister oE tbe Gospel, solemnly, fati3 unless some check be givento the puik4ic spirit now risg among a certain class in this co-try, the cozdition of t7e working classes genenlly must retrogr-de. Education, 1sc, has -enliterallyretrograding during the last freyears, because the comMercial iaterests of tLia countrylhve, nu such a stride that every pair of little hands that can be brought imto the labour-market find immediate amploynient, and such is the progress made hy science that a child can easily do now what the entire strength of a mn could not accomplish formerly. We can hardly blame ignorant parentS therefore, if they prefer the immeliate and palpable returns from "the fae. tory " to the prosPectire, andto them problematical, returns from the schooL With an idle day on Sunday, therefore, with no means to recreate himself, no harmiess amusement to turn to, what else can you expect the wrorking -man to become, with all his temptations around him, but a sot and a sinner? I declaresolemanlythat, wereit not for Sundy trains, it would be feful to ontemplate what the state of a parish like ine would be. The mere restriction of closing the publichouses during a few hours on Sunday would practicalybe of no effect whatever. They would have their "fetchings" of beer and gin, asthe sotshave now,and every glen in the district wouldbe echoing with the noie aud revelry oE Sunday drunkards; Whereas now the cheapness andconivenienco of the traias tale them, their wive, and their chladren to the sea side, or to visit their friends, or to see newt districts; and when the evening closes they return to their homes a soier,. a' happy, and I feel quite certain a better, and practically a more moral, if not a more relious, people. A. few years ago we had no railways into the parish; we have now several branching in different directions. Since their intro; duction the moral condition of the people generally is mucli improved; and this I attribute entirely to the civilizing effects of Sunday trains; yet, if this movement ix to proceed, mast a large worling population like mine be thrown back- into a state of moral degradation hardly to be conceived, merely because Lor(f gobert Grosvenor . and Mr. Kinnaird have- peculiar views of their own. -With every respect possible to the views of the Premier, I caunot but demur to the factoE "the working men themselves being indiffereat to -the subject." The more correct view of the case is simply this:First,vast numers of working men are really too besottedeither to know or to care- about the matter. Secondly, those who do, and who appreciate the movement, are afraid' that the Sabbath vwould become so secularized that it might open a door for employers generally to put them to worlck Nor is this altogether without reason. For those who lknow the inclination of numbers of employers of labour in this country cannot but admit that if they had the opporunity. they would be but too glad to add to the profit side of the account the labour of 52 more days in the year. Still - E should hope Parliament would be sufficiently strong to'prevent and guard against such infringement. Thanling you, Sir, for your courtesy to myself and. your advocacy of the poor Working mas cause, I beg again to sign myself an INTCUMBEN. 3Iay 14. TO THE EDITOROF THE TThEES. Sir,-I am induced to write to you for two reasons-flist, to state, vwhat I think ought be known, that there are among the clergy those who by no means sympathize with that suc. cessful agitation which is to deprive a vast population oE perhaps the only innocent amusement in their reach on'th& Lord's-day; that there are among the clerwy those who. cannot se3 the slightest ground for the proscription0 o- military or other music on Sundays in scripture or reasonin anything, in fact, save the private judgment of those Puritan sects and Puxitauized- church people who make the Sabbath their Shibboleth; that not a few of thet clergy, conscious of the far too slight a hold they retain over the masses, of which they are norainally the pastors, think it by no means desirable that enemies should have it in their power to sayof themnthat they seek to debar the multitudes they caunot get to church. from at any rate harmless recreation; that not a few of the clergy cannot but feel there is much that is-tyrannical in a spirit which makes a private interpretation of Scripture an interpretation entirely at variance with the teaching and -practice of all foreign churches-Catholic or Protestant-a rule not merely of individual ponduct, but a yoke to-vhich all are to be forced to bow. This as to the religious prnciple involved. -My other reason for writing is simply to make a state. ment of lacts-to deny most explicitly that there is the slightest ground.for the uncharitable, unwarrantable statements made by hr. Baines with respect t- the character. 6E the crowd assembled in Victoria Parl to hear the band plaY on Whit-Sunday. a wAte of what I sav, for I went there to try and ascertain if there really was anything in an English crowd to make that inexpedient which I hold tQ be certainly lawful, and which I have seen a source of much. innocent enjoyment in foreign cities. MIy way led me through many narrow back streets, aft the corners of most of which were publichouses tolerably well filled with not the quietest visitors, and, doubtless, had I had time to linger, I might hrve been able to record for you some choice specimens of blasphemy and obscenity. But ny object was Victoria Park. When I got there, so:ef 20 minutes before the band appeared. I found a considerable crowd of men already assembled, not a few "rougls't in costumes which most assuredly never show in any place of worship, and which, if the wearer strayed by chance into a West-end proprietary chapel to hear Sabbath brealkng denounced, would cause preacher and congregation alike to shudder; in their own Park, however, these formidable looking roughs seemed at home and their conduct wa singularly unobjectionable; they were lying for the most part in twos and threes on the grass, peaceably enjoying the sunshine en attendeat the music-at this time I specially called the attention of my companion to the almost total absence of women of any kind. Shortly, however, this disparity of numabersbetween the sexes ceased to be so apparent;. while the band was actually playing the space al around was oovered with men, women, sad children, who seemed equally to appreciate sunshine and music; for the sun, at least, saw nothing objectionable in Sir B. Hall's boon to thc people. I continUed moving about ainong the crowd for some time, and I fullyad2mit thit it would have been easy to be very vitty at the expense of bmur and bd&es alike; that there was a great deaI of very comical (surely, not therefore culpable) bad taste; that, in the matter of toilettes, the west stands on a height unapproachable by the east, but in matters of behaviourI should hesitate before so entirely postponing the east.to the west. Due regard being had to the varying conditions of life in each, Bethnal-green seemed to me as decorous as Belgravia. If more corrupt hearts are to be found beneath the bizarre costumes of Victoria Park than beneath the elegant toilettes of Xensington-gardens, I would submit that the reason must be sought in the different characters of the sounds vith which the twa, classes have been 'ong farmiliarized at home, and not in- anr influence of, perhaps, the same tune listened to by one on; Friday and the other on Sunday. I S I rerui. Sir. A. ~SUBUJ.iAN UU±rAIJB.
MR. BuIauC}AN oN THE DDiPEKmLCY J:ErWELV_ GREAT B BrnA sA£D AWiuC,-31r. Buchanan, says ti?e 'cew York Daily Ti2es, has just experienced an enthusiastic reception in Philadelphia. In his reply to the congratulatory welcome tendered to hinm at the M£erchants I:xchange, he said:-" I have been abroad in trying times, it is trte , but the great principles which have guidedmy conduct abroad are these Peaee, commerce, and honest frisndsldpwith all nations, entangling ailianecs with none. Aslornothing that is not clearly right in our intercourse withforeign na.ions, and subhittonothingwhichis rng. These are the two leading maxims of tb& great political apoetles of our country, ana as long as we act upon such great and glorious principles we are sure always to be in the -right. (Ap. plause.) Gentlemen, it is hardly proper for me to spealc of the diplomatic bnss in weh I have beein engaged on the other side of the Alartic; but I-havebeen asled repeatedly-is there danger of war-' I think- not.-Bat it is simpiy because lblia'e ear country to be so cle rlw and. decidedly in th- right on the Lostions: involved. between the two catries tliat the British people never will. consent to irritataktherinto a dangerous condition for bothb parties. Our tommeree norw covers every ocean; our mercantile ma3isin he-iarges in the world We.have the rreatest interet .f any nation on earth in presering -eace. We ought i cultivate peace w9ith all nations. ButtEere is anntnerest aapreriorto all these considerat.ions, and that is our national honour. If wrar should. entue-I 'feel; however, no prehension of danger at the present momentif the nationaihonour of this people shouldeverrhe in sul.ted by any Government upon the face of the earthI l;now that the merchants themselves, who would 'nave the greatett sacrifices to make, woud stnd by the country at tho expense of eveythinghum (Expressions of approbation.) I can perceive no danger. l ouql* to say, gentlemen, that Ihave honetly maintained the - struction received from my coutry^i the negotiation which I have had with England* and, while t have never hesitated boldly, but courteously, to express my opinions, I have neverfoundanything but personal lindness iui my intercourse with the British people. ( -pprobl.tion.) Ido, not believe that any American can i-brIato imself into the good opinicq4Ms of any people ;,, Europe by concealing hishonests%T4TncWnts upon al proper occ%sions. I avo acted upon tIIut principle1 api I fjave no rerason to rti pent it." -
LOZfDO, _RSDAY, AAY15, 1856. The CHACrLLO'R of the EXCHQUE. is either one of the most hopeful or one of the nmost fortunate of financiers. He o2ly wants 7,000,0001. " to cover the whole estimated service of the year.- We say "only" not without reason. In the year 1814, besides an ordina-Wndl -xbthdianw, revenue exceeding 83,000,0001.-, we borrowed 36,000,0001. The next year,_ 1815, besides a re'venue amounting to 87,000,00 01., we borrowed near 40,000,0001. Now, it- may be admitted' that the war of 1856 is not eoual to that of 1815, or rather to those wars which we were then fighting all over the earth. It is also to be considered that our own part in the war on the continent was not over till July, and that we were subsidizing our alies to the last. Nor do we forget. that, as the' war had lasted, to all financial purposes, time out of mind, the arrears were immense, and on the certainty of a continued peace they were freely liquidated. All these are circumstances accounting for the enormous expenditure of the closing and clearing year 1815, and not applyinga, in an equal degree to this present year. But, on the other hand, we have to consider that, though the war is over, the extraordinary expenses of the war are still going on. Our fleet, including the multitudinous flotilla, has had to be finished and manned, whether it encountered an enemy or not. Many of these vessels are still unfinished, and, of course, will not be left unfinished. Indeed, contracts have been made and works undertaken that must go on to completion. There are also operations still in progress at the seat of war which, in spite of all possible forethought, elude any estimate. Transport is still unprovided, claims for compensation have still to be considered. The very act of retrenchment entails expenses of its own. We have heard of people who when advised to retrench replied that they could not afford it; that is, they had not the ready money necessary for settling with their creditors, moving, travelling, or starting a smaller establishment. The figures we have given above seem to imply that the nation is liable to this peculiar source of expense to an extent, probably, that cannot now be estimated. In the year ending March 31 the excess of expenditure over income was about 24,000,0001., and we certainly entered the new year at the same, if not a greater, rate of expenditure. The revision of the navy estimates only takes off 3,000,0001. in that department. Yet the CUsA.- cmLoit of the ExnCHQuEa assures the public that he only wants 7,000,0001. to meet the excess of the new year. In that financial statement which must soon be expected we shall hear more about it, and only trust that so agreeable a confidence will be found to rest on competent data. Such data there ought to be to justify the statements made to the assembled capitalists on Tuesday. Had the CAicEIoR of the EXOHEQuER given no reason for asking only 5,000,0001. nobody could have found fault with his silence. If he thinks he can obtain another loan on easier terms six or nine months hence, and can do without the money till then, that is reason enough for asking at present only as much as he wants. The CcrANonor of the ExCHEQuER, however, observed no such silence. "The loan which is now proposed," he said, "is calculated to cover the whole of the estimated service of the year, with the exception of "2,000,0001. to be raised by Exchequer-bonds or "Exchequer-bills. It is not certain that the "Government will require the whole of this "amount; but as, in the case of the war, "it was not possible accurately to regu"late the whole of the expenditure, so it is "nowc difficult to estimate what may be the out"lay required for the return of the troops, &c. "Under no circumstances will the 2,000,0001. be necessary before the last quarter of the present "year, or the first three months of 1857. A "vote may, however, be taken for contingencies, "since it is in the discretion of Government to "provide for an excess of expenditure, although "there is no substantial reason to suppose that "there will be any." It is not possible to imagine expressions more strong and explicit, and they have had a proportionate effect on the moneymarket. Should the result show that they were not justified by the facts of the case, it will certainly tend to impair the credit given in this country to official declarations. Supposing it to be, however, possible to dispense with any further loans than that now announced, we are bound to say that the fact redounds much to the honour of this country. Never were taxes paid with less murmuring than those which have been added since the beginning of the war. Com- I plaint, indeed, seems quite out of fashion, and the| discovery of the fact that we were in for two years| more income-tax at 6 per cent., though it took the country a little by surprise, did not elicit one word of remonstrance. This ready submission to what a few years ago, even in a much milder form, we were wont to call financial robbery, sufficiently proves that, though a moneygetting, we are not the money-loving people we were said to be. There are other nations that hug their pelf much more than we do. With us the pursuit of wealth is an enterprise,. an excitement, a rivalry, a common duty, an honourable ambition; at least, it is oftener this than a mere love of accumulation. No sooner, then, does a grander object interpose than we willingly fling our savings into our country's lap, and contentedly see them disappear in the wasteful work of war. Should the anticipations of the CHANCELLOR of the ExcHEQuzP be agreeably fulfilled, we shall this year pay twice as much in war taxes as we raise by loan. There is an evidence of spirit and self-denial in such a fact that contributes the greatest moral strength to the State. Whenever England is satisfied with the justice of its cause, or believes that its honoiur is in question, there is no sacrifice-not even that of its much maligned wealth and its much envied commerce-that it will not cheerfully undergo as long as the occasion may require,-for years, or for a generation, if need be. It remains a question, indeed, whether this spirit may not be better husbande,d, and whether the more formidable efforts and the profuser expenditure of war may not be avoided by assuming more the ordinary character of a military nation. The experience of a few such wars as that just over, arising out of the depreciation of our spirit and contempt of our power, may drive us to this course at last. Be that as it may, for the present our more martial neighbours, especially they who saw the other day in the Valley of Kadikoi the strongest and best appointed British army ever mustered in open field, can have no doubt of what we can and will do when pushed to it; and we will venture to say, that even there, in that gallant spectacle, they saw but a small proof of British determination, perseverance, and power.
To us of the present day an air of loftiness and sanctity surrounds the charity of our ancestors. They gave largely, administered wisely, and legislated for the future with a purpose and language which command peculiar reverence. How far posterity will say the same of us we cannot telL There is, perhaps, more active benevolence ii the present day than in any past age, but, probably because we see more of the details and littlenesses of contemporary schemes, there intrudes a sense of affectation and almost of imposture, above which the grand old foundations of the past stand up - saintly and venerable. Guinea subscriptions, a committee, an office, a secretary, a nieeting in the season, pbilanthropical speeches, enlivened by not very tasteful waggery, contrast somewhat unfavourably with the idea we form of bygone charity, Vtnoughtfl- not only for its own age but for all time, deigning great works which still remain to us, and not 6nly providing for the wants of its own period, but seeming to anticipate even the unborn evils which changing civilization might bring to light. No monuments of private bounty exist more noble than the endowed hospitals of London. WTnLTa of WyxAB.E and Worspy, HEzNpy VI. and EDWARD VI., are commemorated by foundations which are in all, except some faults of administration, an honour to the country. But it may be doubted whether Ring or Prelate, in his labours for the instruction of posterity in religion * and sound learning, ever accomplished a greater work or devoted his means to a higher end than those plain London citizens to whom we owe the chief hospitals of the metropolis. In these edifices suffering has been relieved for generations, from the times when legislators knew and cared little how the poor man lived to our own days of organized almssgiving and Poor Law centralization. Through their means medical rearning was first fostered in this country, and the world was delivered by English charity from the class of practitioners immortalized by MoLixRB and SwIFr. Their funds have been administered in no illiberal spirit. S~o religious test, no parochial or civic limitations, have curtailed their usefulness. The only claim to their services has been mnisfortune, and it has always been held a sufficient one. We publish a letter calling attention to an abuse which has arisen of late years, and seems likely to increase. It requires but little reflection to arrive at a just notion of the purpose of these hospitals and their funds. They are for the relief of sickness or physical injuries among I the poorer classes. Now it is fair, and allowed by| tio spirit of recent legislation, to distinguish be-I tween the distressed and the absolutely destitute, bctween the poor man and what is called the pauper. The legitimate and peculiar object of private charity is to give succour to the laborious in temporary distress. For the support of the permanently destitute, whether in health or sickness, the country has made provision by the Poor Law, and experience teaches us that this mass of complete poverty is best relieved according to some fixed system, whileprivate benevolence will find ample scope in assisting a class less entirely destitute. The strug,gling race of artisans and mechanics are the fit objects for the charity of these endowed hospitals. Sickness is to the families of the labouring poor a terrible calamity. It brings with it a double distress; for the wages which the workman earns in health are stopped, while his expenses for medicine and attendance are a new burden. When the hardworking brickdayer falls from a scaffold and breaks his leg-when his wife is laid up with typhus or his children with scarlet fever, his loss may be calculated; it will amount to so many weeks' wages, and if the benevolent will assist himn he may hope soon to be at work again and out of debt. Here, then, the hospital funds may be righteously and advantageously drawn upon; private charity is at its proper work, the money is well spent, and the establishment does not clash with or complicate any national system of relief. The proper pride of a working family is. spared the humiliation of parish assistance, and no one can urge the often well-founded complaint, that charity only breeds beggary. But it would seem that these noble establishments are graduaUly being tumed into dependencies of the workhouse in order to satisfy the economical instincts of metropolitan ratepayers. Although it is the duty of the parish to heal its destitute sick, as well as to feed those in health, yet the parishes, by simply neglecting to provide accommrodation in their sick wards, contrive to throw the greater part of their pauper patients on the charity of St. Baitholomew's, Guy s, and St. Thomas?s. The workhouse- hospitals are defective in space, in common necessaries, in sanitary arrangements, in medical stores, in medical attendance. The poor therefore are obliged, and indeed are positively recommended by the parish officers, to resort to the endowed hospitals. Naturally, the expenditure at these institutions is most unsatisfactorily increased, their sphere of usefulness is contracted, their wards are filPed w th cases requiring little scientific treatment, and which might be equally well attended to in the workhouse hospital. " Even," says our correspondent, " at the time when cholera was raging and "each case required immediate attention, the "patients were removed from their houses and "carried far away from the parish to the crowded "hospitals of central London." It should be recollected that these hospitals are mostly in the old parts of the metropolis, where space is valuable, and that the very poor are every year driven to seek at a greater distance from the heart of town new spots where ground and buildings are cheap. London is being surrounded on the north, east, and south by a belt of destitution. Districts unpaved, undrained, the wretched houses falling into decay within a few months of their erection, may be seen by any adventurous traveller who wishes to explore the unknovwn regions and races lying close to the heart of our civilization. One of the worst of these districts les in the parish of St. Pancras, which seems to be especially willing to relieve itself at the expense of bygone charity. It is evident that the hardship on the poor who live so far from any available medical assistance must increase year by year, while the parishes are by the present system rendered less attentive to the sanitary condition of those who crowd within their limits. There should be an end of this wholesale shifting of the parish poor on to institutions intended for other uses. Hospitals are primarily for the treatment of all accidents and cases of urgency; then for the relief of such sick persons as have hitherto supported themselves. Their collateral use is to furnish schools of medical science to the country, and it is therefore important that their space and funds should not be ermployed in the treatment of - ordinary or chronic maladies which could be equally well relieved by local skill. Some years since, v.hen. it was proposed to build another iHospital, the answer was, that the existing establishments could not fill their wards with beds owing to the want of funds, of which.so great a part was expended on persons who had no just claim on such charity. The evil seems now to have increased, and should receive the attention of the public. These institutions were never intended to reEeve ratepayers from the duty of s upporting the destitute, wthich is laid upon them by law.
One remarkable feature of United States' diplomacy, as represented by Mr. BucuAN? , ought not to be passedover in a statement of the Central American question, which we shall soon have dis cussed in Parliament; and that is, its disposition to appeal to certain general political maxims or dicta, more or less established in the United States, and to argue upon them as if they were authoritative, and of the nature of international law which both sides in the controversy were bound to respect. We are aware that general maxims enter largely into the structure of international lawv and all law, but maxims which are allowed suclh an authoritative place are general maxims only- They are truths, or principles, or rules which either approve themEelvea intuitively to the rM9on of manlind, Qr have been proved by- experienqe t--l&e necessary, and have thus obtainied univeral acceptance. We have yet to leamn that it is allowable for either side in a diplomatic contoversy to bringits own maxims into the field, and argue upon them, without staying to inquire whether the other side acknowledges them or aot. Diplomacy conducted upon such a principle as this must be endless, because each aide will be sure to be armed with the maxims most convenient to itself and most disagreeable to its opponent, and no conclusion will ever come from such jarring premises. Mr. BucHAwAN appeals to two American maxims as of force and authority for deciding the Central American question. One of these is what he caUs "the MoN.RoR doctrine :"- "mr. Mlonroe, one of our wsest and most discreet Presidents, announced in a public message to Congress in December, 1823, that ' the American continents, by the free and independent condition which they have assumed and maintained, are henceforth not to be considered subjects for future colonization by any European Powers.' This declaration has been since known throughout tehe world as the ' Monroe doctrine,' and has receivedthepublic end official sanction of subsequent Presidents, as well as of a large majority of the Anerican people." Mr. BuCIuANAw then says that we are violating this maxim in the case of the Mosqulito territory, and in other cases. Now, if we have engaged ourselves by a particular treaty not to occupy or fortify or colonize the Mosquito territory, that treaty binds us. But here is an appeal to quite a different ground from that of treaty-i. e., to a general maxim current in the United States, to a dictum. of President MoNRoE, as if, antecedently to any express compact, this maxim was binding upon us, and was an authoritative obstacle to our occupying any part of Central America. But, as Lord. CLAM.EONnox sayS,- " With regard to the doctrine laid down by Mr. President Monroe, in 1823, concerning the future colonization of the A&mericn cortinents by European States, as aninternationa axiom which ought to regulate the conduct of European States, it can onlybe viewedasthe dictumofthe distinguished personage who delivered it; but Her Majesty's Government cannot admit that doctrine as an international axionm which ought to regulate the conduct of European States." Another maxim to which Mr. BucHa.Atx appeals, as interfering authoritatively with our protectorate of Mosquito, is indeed a singular one:- "Surely," he says, " the Mosquito Indians ought not to prove an obstacle to so happy a consummation (as our abandonment of the protectorate over them). Even if those savages had never actually been subdued by Spain, thi* xould give t7em nno title to rank as an independent State. without violating the principles and practico of every European nation, without exception,which has acquired territory on the continent of America. They all mutually recognised the right of discovery, as well as the title of ths discoverer to a large extent of interior territory, though at tho moment occupied by fierce and hostile tribes of Ildians.f Mr. BucHAsNA argues from this maxim that we cannot hold a protectorate over Mosquito, because that would be to acknowledge MIosquito as an independent State ; whereas it is an Arerican maxim that native Indians cannot constitute an independent State. Now, allowing this maxim, for argument,'s sake, surely Mr. BUCHNAN must have forgot that his use of it in the present question directly and pointedly conflicts with his use of the MociOE maxim. He says above that we violate the MONROE maxim because we colonize or assttme doniniom over Mosquito. He says now we vioiate the maxim as to native Indians, because wo acknowledge the independence of Mosquito. Our protectorate of Iosquito figures as the appropriation of that territory or the emancipation of it-the conquest of it or erection of it into an independent State-exactlyaccording as the one or the other aspect suits Mlr. BucH-&x's maxims and the argument he draws from them. A protectorate is a sovereignty, a colonization an assumption of dominion, when it opposes the MONROoE maxim; it is the ipso facto acknowledgment of the independence of the State over which it is exercised when it opposes the American maxim as to Indians. But what are we to say to such a maxim as this, being brought forward at all in the controversy, and appealed to as if it were authoritative? How can the rules and ideas which governed the conquest of America three centuries ago be referred to now as binding, and as constituting a precedent which is to regulate our relations toward native Indians for all time? If Mfr. BucaHANAV wants the aid of authority for a low appreciation of Indians, he can get plenty of it from those times. PIZARRO and CoRTEZ will back: him up. But the ideas of that age are not now in Europe thought authoritative. We consider on this side of the Atlantic that we havo rather improved upon them, and have been flattering ourselves that we have arrived at a juster and more benevolent estimate of the rights of man. As Lord CLARENDON says,- "It is certainly true that Great Britain, Spain, and the United States were all at one time in the habit of treating the Indian races in the maner which Mr. Buchanan describes; but this past practice, though general, cannot be taken as an invariable guide for any future policy. The period has not yet passed beyond the memory of man at which Great Britain and the United States, now so nobly distinguished in suppressing the slave trade, practised and encouraged that trade, and deemed it legitimate. " The project of a free Republic, composed chiefly of negroes from the United States, and originaly est&blished under the enlightened and humane patronage of the United States, would have been doemed fifty years ago an absurd and impossible chimera; yet Liberia exists, and now flourishes as an independent State. Already, Great Britain in her own dealings with Indians has recognized theirrulers as independent chiefs; while in her treaties with foreign Powers she has spoken of thoir tribes as nations, and stipulated for the restoration oftheir possessions." Mr. BUcHsNAN is indeed requiring us to submit to mere authority on what is to a considerable extent a physical or ethnological question. Whether Indians ought to be allowed to constitute an independent State depends on whether they can carry on a civil government. The Americans have considered this from the first a settled question, and never triQd to discover by experiment what savages could become. We have, with more benevolence and more philosophy, tried the experiment, and not altogether failed, and, while the Court of L,ucknow shows the settled corruption and decay of Orental government, Ilberia and the Sandwich. Islands show the rise of savage races, under favouring circumstances, to the level of social order and the condition of States.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of a ll.-note for incomie-tax, from "J. (x. R. ;" also of the first half of a Bank of England note for 51. (1-Y 07324) . for inco2ae-tax from C. P." We have received the Monitiur of yesterday. itl does not contain any news of interest. MELA9CHOLY DErATH IN IinwA.-We have re ceived intelligence of the accidental death of Lieutenant Strover, of the Engineers, who succeeded 3r. Tyrrell in the superintendance of the large works destined to irrigate the districts of Trichinopoly, adjacent to the Coleroon. It appears that the Ml-fated young gentleman ws in the habit of going to the Carpoor jungle every evening from 4 to 7, when he used to bathe and shoot large game. He was last seen alive on the evening of the Zd of April, proceeding thither with his donble-barrelied rifle in hand. On his not returning by 8 o'clock. his servants becoming alarmed procured torches and proceeded in search of their master, hoping that if he had missed his road the lights would speedily attract him. Towards the morning they regularly beat the jungle, first ia a body, then in small companies, till just at daylight the body of the young man was discovered in the thickest part of the jungle, cold and stiS. The right side of the beai was fear0ully wounded, one barrel of his rifle having gone off, and the ball entered at the right side of the head, near the eye; death must have been instantaneous. His headdress was some feet behind, and behind that again its cover so that in all probability lie was pressing eagerly forward ia pursuit of some game which he had roused when the faell accident ocu-rs2ltara 4 t)wnrt,a, April 1Q,
THE ANGZO.ITALIAN LEGION. (F OX OUR OWN CORRESPONDMNT-) I oThe ,folowitg appe In our second edition of yesI terds "P-1' MALTA, MAY 9. I regret to state that up to the present moment the Italian soldier who mnrdered the Police Inspector Carnana has not been dicovered. The regiiments continue confined to barracks, and much mur3nuring and discontent prevail. Her Majesty's ship Hannibal was compelled on the morning of the 9th, bythreatening weather, to abandon the position she had taken up on the 7th, commanding the Italian barracks and encamp. ment, and returned to her nioorings in Valetta Harbour, leaving the Spiteful steam corvette to look out for any movement of the Legion. The Royal Albert had been ordered from the offing to return into port. At the moment Of the depature of the mail the following Government notice has been published with reference to the late tragic occurrences: " His E:xcellency the Governor has seen with deep regret that there exists between a considerable number of the inhabitants of Malta and the soldiers of the British Italian Legion feelings of a character which, should they continue, would interfere with the general good order of this community. These feelings hxve come more strongly into play in conseqience of the sad circumstances which have lately oc. curred, and to which it is unnecessary further to allude, for, as they are well known, so are they universally deplored, equally by the troops as by the inhabitants of Walta themselves. "H is Excellency therefore makes a direct and general appeal to the good feelinga of all the inhabitants of Malta and to the soldiers, English and foreign, that they will, one and all, use every energy in that most creditable of all patriotic undertakdngs, namely, the maintenance and preservation of the general good order of the community, and abstain on either side from any p,ssible cause of offence. " By command of his Excellenev. "VICTOR HOUILTON. Chief Secretary to "eovernment. II Palac,A VAletta, May 9,1856."1
TZB PBLNSULAB AMAILS. - (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAM.) [The following appeared in our second edition of yesterdav :-1 SOUTHAMPTO, WnE>D. yY MoRnxI. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Sultan, CaptKain Cook, with the Peninsular anils, we have dates from Gibraltar of May 5th; Cadiz, 6th; i^sbon1 9th; Oporto, 10th; Vigo, The Sultan brings 39 passengers, 1,5671. in specie, and 1,616 half-chests of oranges, 292 elephants' teeth, &c. There is no news of importance by this packet from Lisbon. The cutter Spider, belonging to the Royal Yacht Club, arrived from Cork on the 7th inst. The Royal mail steamer Avon, expected with the Brazil mails, had not reached Lisbon when the Sultan left, nor the French steamer Cadiz, also expected from BraziL The Lisbon exchanges for three months are quoted this mail at 54 on London; Paris, 520; Amsterdam, 43A; Hamburg, 491; and Genoa, 517. Transactions were limited on Paris, Hamburg, and London, and upon the latter bills remained over at 54', takers requiring 5X. The stock-market was very dull at 40' to 41; ex, div. for Three per Cents.; Bank of Vortugal shares, 500 to 502; Oporto Bank shares, 18 to 20 per cent. premiium. The weather at Lisbon had improved, and, after seven months of continual rain, there appeared some chance of summer. The Deputies had not voted the bills respect'ng Portuguese bonds and the projected new loan. Intelligence from Gibraltar reports that the American bark Elizabeth, of New York, in attemptingto beat out of the Straits, had got ashore on the rocks off Cabrita Point, but was afterwards released, with the loss of a portion of her cargo.
I 1'TO THE EDITEUR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Having lost my Bocket BookContaiinng a 500f rank note of the Bank of France, a pas3port, and other valuable Papers, on Wednesday, the 7th of May, and ritsh Bocket Book & Contains (tlhe said note) has benn Brought Balt again to me on Monday the 12th instent affter on atvertisment in7ic Tinies & papers Print & postet, with areward of 22. therogfor, Sir, I wish to express a complement & my "raditout throug your Paper to the waldng-pible of london as it's been 2 W aksing-nans from Blakwall, mam unnown, who found the same and Brought it Back to me, & I have given the Said reward to them, ith a trifel mor to trink i ny halth. MIr. Editeur I hop you wiUl excouse my wfrting Iso ineorect, as a Fra.nhman I am not a good writter in English1. I ~~~Your verry Obedient scrvent. At EICfTEN. 1 :! azylebolne-Street, regent-stiet, May the '4. MNi
NEW PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY. Althoughl much too long for rational enjoyment, the cotcert last night was one of uncommon interest. Beethoven's 7th symphony (in A) was allotted the place of honour, at the end of the first part; and on the whole this great work was better played than onanyprevious occasion by the Iew Philharmonic band. The conductor was Dr. Wydle, who timed every movement well, and tool: great pains to attain thosenuanoct the want of which, even in our beat orchestras, is so often deplored. In parts of the slow move. ment aad schero he was by no means unsuccessful, the fz7ato in the former being an instance especially worth noting. Still an absence of delicacy was the besetting fault in what would otherwise have been a veryfine performance. Of ener6gyand fre there was more than enough; our instrumentalists, indeed, are seldom chary in the exhibition of these quali. ties; but something more than energy and iire is in. dispensable to constitute a perfect execution. The wind instruments, it seems, 2iUZ 7iot play soft. Neverthe. less, it is just as easy to play soft as to play loud; and the last bars of Beethoven's sablime aczante would gain tenfold by a strict adherence to ths indications of the author-if the " wind," in short, could be subdued, as the " strings" are subdued at the beginning of the movement. There were three overtures-Weber's sula of the spri4ts, Meendelssohn's Mel lSina, and Mozart's Zaubn flotc. The luer of the Spirits, for a wonder, went lesssteadily than usual. The Mdusinaz is all but impossible without half-a-dozen careful rehearsals. Mendelssohn has produced no orchestral score more eiaborate and difficult than this. The ethereal beauty of the music, too, requires a degree of finish in order to be expressed properly, for which it would be vain to look out of the Paris Conserva. toire. We have heard this overture massacred, even in Germany, where it was written. Last night, although the performance was very wide of the desired efficiency, it approached occasionally nearer the mark than almost anywe remember in England. Inthe opening the clarinets were piano enough, but they wanted accent; while the principal passages for the flute and tbe sustained notes of the harmnony were invaihably too loud. The Zaubcr.fl6d would have been a genuine treat, but for the noise of persons leaving the room. It was scareely good policy to introduce such a magnificent piece at the termination of so lengthy a concert. A pianoforte concerto in A minor, the composition of Robert Schumann, performed by Madame Clara Wieck Srhumann, -zis wife, was an acceptable novelty. Of this laboured and ambitious worec we prefer, for evident reasons, not to speak critically at the present moment. It is more agreeable to pay that homage to Madame Schumann which her remarkable tlent so richly merits. A larger amount of enthusiasm has rarely been witnessed in a public performerMadame Schumann played the musicof her husband as if she had composed it herself. The profound sympathy shemust entertain for it is easy to understand; but the difficulties it presents can only have been mastered vwith prodigious application. Iany of the bra2rutra passages are, indeed utterly extravagant. These, however, appeared quite familiar to the gifted pianist, who came to her task not only with all the sentiment, but with all the manual dexterity, required. Madame Schumanm was loudly applauded at the conclusion of each movement of thie concerto. andrecalled to the platform at the end. Mr. Howard Glover's very characteristic and clever cantata of Tam O'Slhanter (Burns's poety), which was written originally for the New Philharmonic Society, and produced with great success at E xeter-hall, was repeated last nightt Mr. iiranda (as before) sang the solos, which are written for atinor voice, and Mr. Glover himself conducted. The first success was fullyconfirmed, andTarn oeSNunmter obtained a flattering reception; although the execution throughout (the chorus exoepted) was nearly as coarse, negligent, and importunately loud as at the Birmingham Festival last August. In addition to this, the audience were fairly exhausted before the cantata began. The other solo vocalist was Mademoiselle Xrall, who displayed a marked improvement, and promises to be one of our best concert singers. The quality of this young lady's voice (a soprano) has been spolken of in high terms on more than one occasion; butlast nighit, in " Und ob die Wolke," from Dcr Freisctiitz aucd in an air by Gluck she showed herelf possessed of something besides-viz., musical intelligencr and feeling.
Sr. GzOREwS CHAPEL, WiNDsOR.-The banner of Eis Majesty the King of Sardinia was placed over his stall in St. George's Chapel yesterday morning, under the direction of Sir Charles George Young, Garter King at Arms. Exu-uAim.-The annual performance of the essicahforthebenefit of the Royal Societyof Musicians takes place on Friday cvening, the lGth of May. The rimcip31 vocalists comprise eedaines Clara TNoveDo, %uK'-rsdorff, Weiss, Dlolby, and Viardot Garcia, Messrs. leichardt, Swift, Benson, Weiss, Thomas, and ?orines. Aband of eminent instrumentalists and the charus of the Sacred Harmonic Society, conducted by Mr. Costa, in al upwards of 700 performers, will contribute their v2luable assistance. THE RoyA1 FiE3FiSOxk& SCHOOL FOR GiLS.- The 68th anniversay of this institution was heli, last evening at Freemrans'-hall, when a large company sat down to dinnerunder the able presidency of theEar ofZet and. The schoolhouse belonging to the institution has been erected on Wandsworth-common. The establishment was founded many years ago for the purpose of maintaining and educating the children or relatives of Freemasons who had seen better days but had fallen into decay. The instraction afforded is of the nost exemplary nature, being such as will enable the girls to obtain their own live. lihood and to become useful and respectable members of society. So well has this answered that although no less than CO) girls have leEt the school not one has turned out badly. It is an anmual custom that the scholars should elect one of their number as fitted by good conduct to receive especial notice on this their grand day, and, if the choice of the school should be confirmed by the House Committee, the fortunate girl is presented to the president of the day after dinner, and by him invested with X medal commemorativeof the occasion. It has never happened that the girls have beenwrong in their choice, andthisyear the fortunate reciplentwas named Sarah Belamy Stringer. As is customary, all the scholarswalked in procession round the room, and them formed in lines on the dsic, and sunz a hymn, after whichthe Earl of Zetiand placed the medal round the neck of Sarah Bellamy Stringer, complimenting her upon her good conduct, and pointing out to her the effect of leading a good and proper life ; e further urged upon her that in her trials t.hrough life she might place her confidence in the managers of the institution, who, if her conduct was correct, woula always prove her friouds. and reiress her wrongs. The children, whose healthy an& happy appearance attracted general notice, again walked round the room, and having sung the hymn " Good night' retired. After this, Brother Crew, the secretary of the instituttion, announced the sum subscribed in the room, which amounted to the sum of 1,824!. The evening was enlivened by some admirable singing under the direction of Brother ElYrung. The manner in which these dinners are now* mnaged at Freemaaons-'hail by the new firin render it only necssaqy to state that everything Mwent off to the satisfaction of the Lare body asembled. 1HBP.ICA2:O IIX ~H U1IE:D SiaTrES.-On Satur day week a tornado arung up fromr. the Jersey shore, cutting this city with its edge, but doing no great damage. it passed over Philadelphia, doinig great damage, particularly in the district of Kensington. Five houses -were utterly' demolished, 150 more were injured; these included five churches, a schoolhouse, three nmanufactories, and other substantial buildings. Nine persons were seriously injaredt and the loss by destruction of property amounts to. one hundred thousand dolars. Twenty freight cars were blown down astreet grade adistanoe of lOO.yarids,*dthentbro,vm offthe track. The tornado passed through Pennsylvania to Ohio, and, following the line of the Cleveland and Pitts. burg Railroad, did great damage in Alliance, Damascus, Salem, and other towns. One town in Columbiana county was recorted to be in ruins. At Alliance one man ws Idlled outright and sereral persons severely injured. At Newarik,- New Jersey, oonsidera. ble damage was done. The tornado continued its ravaging strides, crossing the Ohio border, and striking upon Chicago. Here no great damage was done. In jassing through Pennsylvania the tornado traversed a strzp of country probably 50 or 60 miles in width. At Lancater A bridge, which cost 50,000 dollars, was blown down. Frm Pittsburng to Cleveland the blow seems to have reached its greatest force. The railway runs for a long distancethrough dense forests, and, confined in this cut, the wind had re. sistless force. The tornado seinlsto have been governed by the laws which the plilosophers have deduced trrm mninute observations. Its course was regular, and extended over nearly athousand miles of country, through which it -passed in a few hours. I was a curious natural phenomenon, and will doubtless, attract the attention of the samrs.-Tgcia York Herald. BBISTOL SUGAn MAERE,l May 14.-The market has been swept of everything offering at extreme rates, and there is still a good inguiry both from grocers and refiners. There are several arrivals not yet brought into the market,
THE ALLEGED POISONINGS AT RTJGELEY. TRIAL OF W. PALMER. CENTRA CRIBURAL COURT ATMA I& W¶ie long-dWerred tri of WiUiam Palmer, 'which, oing to the necessity of passing a special act of Parliament to eonable it to take place in this court, has been delayed for a period of several months sincethe finding of a tre biUlby theGrandJury of Staffordshire, commenced to.dy at the Old Bailey; and, notwithstanding the ixltervwd 'which bas elapsed since this extraordinary case wag first brought under the notice of the public, the intense interest and excitement which it then occasioned seem imno degree to have abated. Indeed, if the applications for admission to the court 'which were made so soon as the trial was appointed, and the eager endeavours of large crowds to gainan entrance to-day, may be regarded as a criterionof the publie anxiety upon the progress and issue of the trial, the interest 'would seem to have augmented rather than dimDnished. At a very earlyhour every entrance to the court was besieged by persons of respectable appearance who were favoured with cards giving them a right of entrance. With out such cards no admittance could on any pretence be ob. tained, and even the fortunate holders of them found that they had many difficulties to overcome, and many stern janitorsto encounter before an entrance to the much-coveted precints could be obtained. On the whole, however, the arrangements of the Urder-Sheriffs Stone and Rose were excellent, and, although there may be individual cases of Complaint, as there always will be 'when delicate and important functions have to be performed with firmness, it is but justioe to testify to the general completeness and propriety of the regulations which the Sheriffs had laid down. Among the distinguished persons who were present at the opening of the Court were the Earl of Derby, Earl Grey, the Marquis of Anglesea, Lord Lucan, lord Denbigh, Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar, Lord W. Lennox, Lord G. G. Iennox, and Lord H. Lennox. The Lord-Advocate of ScotLand sat by the side of the Attorney-General during the triaL° At five minutes to 10 o'clock the learned judges, Lord Chief Justice Campbell, Mr. Baron Alderson, and Mr. Justice Cresswell, accompanied by the Lord Mayor, and aldermen Sir G. Carroll, Humphery, Sir R. W. Carden Tinnis, Sir F. G. Moon, and Sidney, Mr. Sheriff Kennedy, lMr. Sheriff Rose, Mr. Under-Sheriff Stone, and Mr. Under. Sheriff Rose, took their seats on the bench. The prisoner, IWilliam Palmer, was immediately placed in the dock; and to the indictment which charged himwith the wilful murder of John Parsons Cook, who died at Rugeley upon the 21st of November last, he pleaded, in a clear, low, but perfectly audible and distinct tone, "Not guilty." The prisoner is described in the calendar as "Willian Palmer, 31, surgeon, of superior degree of instruction." In appearance Palmer is much older, and, although there are no mArks of care about his face, there are the set expression and rounded frame which belong to theman of 40or 45. His countenance is clear and open, the foreheadhigh, the complexion ruddy, and tho general impreasion which one would form from his appearance would be rather favourable than otherwise, although his features are of a common and somerwhat mean cast. where is certainly nothing to indicate to the ordinary ob. server the preence either of ferocity or cunning, and one would expect to find in him more of the boon companion than tls subtle adversary. His manner was remarkably vAIm and c;llected throughout the whole of the day. It was altogether devoid of bravado, but was respectful and attentive, and was calculated to create a favourable impression. He frequently conversed with Mr. Smith, his professional adviser, and remained standing until the close of the speech for the prosecution, when at his request his counsel asked that he might be permitted to sit-an application 'whlch 'was at once acceded toby Lord Campbell. The counsel engaged in the case were :-The Attorney. General, Mr. E. Janes, Q.C., Mr. Bodkin, Mr. Welsby, and Mr. nuddlesto-4, for the Crown; and Mr. Serjeant Shee, Mr. Grove, Q.A., Mr. Gray, and Mr. Kenealy, for the prisoner. A most respectable jury having been empanelled, and all the witnesses, with the exception of the medical men, having been ordered out of court, The Arros-zY-GE'xRAL proceeded, amid breathless ailenee, to open the csse on the part of the prosecution. He said,-Gentlemen of the jury, the duty which you are called upon todischarge is the most solem0n waich a man can by pos-sibility have to perform-it is to sit in judgment and to dtecide an issue on which depends the life of a fellow human being who stands charged with the highest criule for 'which a can be arraigned before a worldly tribunaL I am sure that I noed not ask your mobt anxious and earnest attention to such acase; but there is on& thing which I feel it inqcumbent on me to urge upon you. The peculiar circum. stances of this case have given it a profound and paful interest throughout the whole country. There is scarcely a man, perhaps, who has not come to some conclusion on the issue which you are now to decide. All the details have been seized on with eager avidity, and there is, perhaps, no -one who is not more or less acquainted with those details. Standing here as a minister of justice, with no interest and -mo deaaru save that justice shall be done impartially, I feel it incumbent on me to warn you not to allow any preconceived 'opinion to operate on your judgment this day. Your duty -your bounden duty-is to try this case according to the evidence which shall be brought -before you, and according to that alone. You must discard from your minds anything that yom may have read or heard, or any opinion that you may have formed. If the evidence shall satisfy you of the prisoner's guilt, you will discharge your duty to society, to your euosciences, and to the oaths which you have taken by ferleady pronouncing your verdict accordingly; but if the evidenme fail to produce a reasonable conviction of guilt in .our minds, God forbid that the scale of justice should be inclined against the prisoner by anything of prejudice or of preconceived opinion. My duty, gentlemen, will be a simple one. It will be to lay before you the facts on which the prosecution is based, and in doing so I must ask for your most patient attention. They are of a somewhat complicated character; and they range over a considerable period of time, so that it will be necessary not merely to look to circumstances which are immediately connected with the accusation, but to go back to matters of an antecedent date. I may safely say, however, that, in say conscience, I believe there is not a fact to which I am about to ask your patient attention which has not an immediate and most important bearing on this case. The prisoner at the bar, WiUiam Palmer, was by profession a medical practitioner, and he carried on that profession in the town of Rugeley, in Staffordshire, for several years. In later years, however, he became addicted to turf pursuits. -which gradually drew off his3attention and weaned himn from Bis profession. Within the last two or three years he made 'over his business to a person named Thirlby, formerly his assistant, who now carries it on. In the course of his pursuits connected with the turf PAlmer became intimate with the man whose death forms the subject of this inquiry-3Ir. John Parsons Cook. Now, MIr. Cook was a young man of decent family, 'who originallyhad been intendedforthe professioer of the law. He was articled to a solicitor; but after a time, inheriting some property, to the extent, I think, of some 2,000. or 15,0001., he abandoned the laborious profesuion of the law, and betook himself also to the tmrf. He kept racohorses and betted considerably; and in the course of his operations he became much connected and famili'1ly intimate with the prisoner William Palmer. It i, for the murder of that 3Mr. John Parsons Cook tlat the prisoner stands indicted to-day, the charge against him being that he took away that man's life by poison. It 'wil be necessary to show you the cirounstances in'which the prisoner Palmer 'was then placed, and the position in which he stood relatively to the deceased Cook. It wiR l:e impossible thoronghly to understand this case in all its bearings, without thlo.- circumstances being laid before you, and it will be necessary, therefore, that I should go into them particularly. The case, 'which on the partiof the prosecution I have to urge against Palner is this-that, being in desperate circumstances, with ruin, disgrace, and punishment staring him in the face, which couldorly be averted by means of money, he took advantage ofhis intimacy with Cook, 'when Cook had become the winner of a considerable sum, to deitroyhim, in orderto oh tinpc&Session of his money. Oat of the circumstances of Palmer at that time arose, as we say, the motive 'which itduced him to conunit this crime. If I show you upon evidenco which can leave no reasonable doubt in your mindsthathecommittedthat crime, motivesbecome a matt# of secondary importance. Nevertheless, in in. quiesrofthiskdnditis natural and right to look to see What mAY have been the motives by 'which a man has been induOef to commit the crime charged against him; and if 'we find strong motives, the nore readily shall we be led to bel'ive in the probability of the crime having been committae, but if we find an absence of motive the probability ix theother way. Ia this case the motive will be matter for serious consideration; and inasmuch as the circumstances oDUt of which we say that the motive arose come first in order of time, I will deal with them before I come to that 'which is the more immediate subject matter of our inquiry. It seems to mo ihat it 'would be most convenient that I shoyldfollow the 'b`onelog1cal order of events, and I wil therefore pursue that course. It appers that as early as the year 1853 Palmer had got into difficulties, and that he began to raise money upon bills. In 1854 his circumstances became worse, and ho was at that time indebted to different persons in a large sUm of money. He then had recourse to an expedient which it is important that I should bring beforeyou; bat, as it will become necessary forme to detail to you transactions involvingfraud, and what is worse, forgery, 1 wish to make a few observations to you before I detail those transactions. Although I am anxious, where I feel it to be absolutely necessary for the elucidation of the truth, that those circumstances should be brought before you, I wish that they should not have more than their fair and legitimato weight. You must not allow them to prejudice your minds against the prisoner with reference to that which is the real matter of inquiry. I cannot avoid bringing them forward; but I would anxiously caution you and pray you not to allow any prejudice by reason of those transactions to operate against the prisoner; for, though a man may be guilty of fraud and forgery, it does not follow, therefore, that he is guilty of murder. Among the bills on which Palmer raised money in 1853 was one for 2,0001., which he had discounted by a person named Padwick That bil bore the acceptance of Sarah Palmer, the mother of the prisoner. She was, and is, a woman of considerable property, and her acceptance beingbelievedtobe genuine, was a securityuponwhich money could readily be ralsed. The prisoner forged that acceptance, and that was, if not the first, at all events, one of the earliest transactions of that nature by means of. which for a long period of time money was obtained by him upon bills, with his mother's acceptance forged by him. This shows how, when things came to a climax and he found himself involved in a position of great peril and emergency, he had recourse to a desperate expedient to Iavoidthe co]nsequences which seemed inevitably to press upon him. He owed in 1854 a very large sum of money On the 29th of September in that year his wife died. He had effected an insurance upon her life for 13,0001., and the proceeds of that insurance were realised, and by means of them he discharged some of his most pressing liabilities. In dealing with a portion of these liabilities he employed a gentleman named Pratt, a solicitor in London, who was in tho habit of discounting bills. xr. Pratt received fromnhim. 8,0001., and bIr. Wright, a solicitor of Birmingham, received 5,000l.; and with those two sums 13,0001. of debt was dis. posed of;butthat stillleftPalmer with considerable liabilities, and, among other things, the bill of 2,0001., which was discounted by Padwick, remained unpaid. In the course of the same year he effected an insurance on his brother's life, and upon the strength of that policy Palmer proceeded to Issue fresh bills, which were discounted by Pratt at the rate of 60 per cent., who kept the policy as collateral security. The bills which were discounted in the course of that year amounted in the whole to 12,500?. I find that there were two bills discounted as early as June, 1854, which were held over from month to month. In March, 1855, two bills were discounted for 2,0001. each, with the proceeds of which Palmer bought two racehorses, called Nettle and Chicken. Those bills were renewed in June, and one became due on the 28th of September, and the other on the 2d of October, when they were again renewed. The result of the bill proceedings of the year was that in November, when the Shrewsbury races took place, there were in Pratt's hands one bill for 2,0001., due the 25th of October; another for 2,000l., due the 27th of October; tWo for the joint sum of 1,500l., doe on the 9th of November; one for 1,000?., due on the 30th of September; one for 2,000?., due on the 1st of January; one for 2,0001., due on the 5th of Januaxry; and another for 2,0001., due on the 15th of January; making altogether 12500l. 1,000?. of this sum, however, he had contrived to pay off, so that there was due in November, 1855, no less than 11,5001. upon bills, every one of which bore the forged acceptance of the pri. soner's mother. Under these circumstances a pressure naturally arose-thepressure of 11,5M00. of liabilities, with not a shilling in the world to meet them, and the still greater pressure resulting from a consciousness that the moment 'when he could no longer go on and his mother was resorted to for payment, the fact of those forgeries would at once become manifest, and would bring upon him the peril of the law for the crime of forgery. The prisoner's brother died in August, 18S5. His life had been insured, and the policy for 13,0001. had been assigned to the prisoner, who, of course, expected that the proceeds of that insurance would pay off his liabilities; but the office in which the insurance was effected declined to pay, and consequently there was no assistance to be derived from that source. Now, in these transactions to which I have referred the deceased John Parsons Cook had been to a certain extent concerned. It seems that in Mlay, 1855, Palmer was pressed to pay 500l. to a person named Serjeant. He had at that time inthe hands of Palmer a balance upon biU transactions of 3101. to his credit, and he wanted Pratt to advance the 1901. necessary to make up 500?. Pratt declined to do that, except upon security; upon which Palmer offered him the acceptance of Cook, representing him to be a man of substance. Accordingly the acceptance of Cook for 200?. was sent up, and upon that Pratt advanced the money. When that bill for 200?. became due Palmer failed to provide for it, and Cook hadto meet it himself. In August of the same year an occurrence took place to which I must call your particular attention. Palmer wrote to Pratt to say that he must have 1,0001. by a day named. Pratt declined to advance it without security; upon which Pal. mer offered the security of Cook's acceptance for 5001. Pratt still declined to advance the money without some more tangible security. Now Palmer represented this as a transaction in which Cook required the money, and it may be that such was the fact. I have no means of ascertaining how that was; but I will give him the credit of supposing it to be true. Pratt still declining to advance the money Palmer proposed an assignment by Cook of two racehorses, one called Polestar, which won the Shrewsbury races, and another called Sirius. That assignment was afterwards executed by Cook in favour of Pratt, and Cook, therefore was clearly entitled to the money which was raised upon that security, which realized 3751. in cash, and a wine warrant for 651. Palmer contrived, however, that the money and the wine w rrant should be sent to him, and not to Cook. Mr. Prat t sent down his check to Palmer in the country on a stamp as the act of Parliament required, and he availed himself of the opportunity now afforded by law of striking outtheword "bearer" and writing " order," the effect of which was to necessitate the endorsement of Cook on the back of the check. It was not intended by Palmer that those proceeds should fall into Cook's hanlds, and accordingly he forged the name of John Parsons Cook on the back of that check. Cook never received the money, and you will see that, within 10 days from the period when he came to his end, the bill in respect of that transaction which was at three months, would have fallen due, when it must have become apparent that Palmer received the money, and that, in order to obtain it, he had forged the endorsement of Cook. I wish these were the only transactions in which Cook had been at all mixed up with the prisoner Palmer; but there is another to which it is necessary to refer. In September, 1855, Palmer's brother having died, and the proceeds of the insurance not having been realized, Palmer induced a person named Bates to propose his life for insurance. Palmer had succeeded in raising money upon previous polices, and I have no doubt that he persuaded Cook to assist him in that transaction, so that by representing Batesasa man of wealth and substancetheymight get a policy on his life, by means of which policy deposited as collateral security they might obtain advances of money. Batea had bees. somewhatbetter off in the world, but he had fallen into decay, and he bad accepted employment from Palmer as a sort of hanger-on in his stables. He was a healthy young man, and, being in the company of Palmer and Cook at Rugeley on the 5th of September, Palmer asked him to insure his life, and produced the form of proposal to the office. Bates declined, but Palmer pressed him, and Cook inteLrposed and said, "You had better do it; it will be for your benefit, and you'll be quite safe with Palmer." At length they succeeded in persaading him to sign the proposal for no less a sum than 25,000?., Cook attesting the proposal, which Palmer filled in, Palmer being referred to as medical attendant, and his former assistant, Thirlby, as general referee. That proposal was sent up to the Solicitors and General Insurance-office, and in the ensuing month- that office not being disposed to effect the insurance-they. sent up anothor for 10,000?. to the Mlidland-office-on that same life. That proposal also failed, and no money there. fore could be obtained from that source. All these circumstances are important, because they show the desperate straits in which the prisoner at that time found himself. [The learned counsel then read a series of letters from_Mr.Pratt to the prisoner, all pressing upon the prisoner the importance of his meeting the numerous bills which Pratt held bearing the acceptance of Mrs. Sarah Palmer; and these letters appeared to become more urgent when the writer found that the insurance.offlce refused to pay the 13,0001. upon the policy effected on the life of the prisoner's brother, and which Pratt held as collateral security. The letters were dated at intervals between the 10th of September and the 18th of October, 1855.] On the 6th of November two writs were issued by Pratt for 4,000?., one against Palmer and the other against his mother; and Pratt wrote on the same day to say that he had sent the writs to Mr. Crabbe, but that they were not to be served until he sent further instructions, and he strongly urged Palmer to make immediate arrangements for meeting them, and also to arrange for the bills for 1,500?. due on the 9th of November. Between the 10th and the 13th of November Palmer succeededinpaying 600t.,butonthatdayPrattagainwrotetohim, urging hini to raise 1,000?. at all events to meet the bills due oni the9th. That beingthe stateof things atthat time, wenos come tothe eyents connected with Shrewsbury Races. Cook was the owner of a 3marecalled Polestar, which wasentered for the Shrewsbury Handicap. She had been adran. tageously weighted, and Coolc, belleingthat theLarewould win, betted largely upon the event. Therace woas run upon the 13th of November-the very day on which that last letter was written by Pratt, which would reach Palmer on the 14th. The result of the race was that Polestar won, and that Cook was entitled, in the first place, to the stakes, which amounted to 4241. minus certain deductions, which left a net sum of 3811. 19s. His bets had also been successful, and ho won, upon the whole, a total su nof 2,0501. Ho had won also in the previous week at Worcester, and I si all show that at Shrewsbury he had in his pocket, besides the stakes and the money which he would be entitled to receive at Tattersall's, between 700!. and 800!. The stakes he would receive through Mr. Weatherby, a great racing agent in London, with whom he kept an account, and upon whom he would draw; and, the race being run on a Tuesday, he would be entitled on the ensuing Monday to receive his bets at Tattersall's, which amounted to 1,0201. Within a week from that time Mfr. Cook died, and the important inquiry which we have now to make is how. he came by his death-whether by natural causes or by the hand of man-and, if the latter, by whose hand? It is important, in the first place, that I should show you what was his state of health when he went down to Shrewsbury, He was a young man, but 28 when he died. He was slightly disposed to a pulmonary complaint, and although delicato in that respect he was in aU other respects a hale and hearty young man. He had been in the habit from time to time, especially with referenco to his chest, of consulting a physician in London-Dr. Savage, who saw him a fortnight before his death. For four years he had occasionaly consulted Dr. Savage, being at that time a little anxious about the state of his throat in which there happened to be one or two slight eruptions. He had been taking mercury for these eruptions, having mistaken the character of the complaint. Dr. Savago at once saw that he had made a mistake, and desired him to discontinue the use of mercury, substituting for it a course of tonics. Mr. Cook's health immediately began to improve; but inamuch as i the new course of treatment might have involved [serious consequences in case Dr. Savage had been mistaken in the diagnosis of the disease, he asked Cook to look in upon him from time to time, aud Cook had, as re. cently as within a fortnight of his dsath, gone to call upon Dr. Savage. Dr. Savage then examined his throat and whole system carefully, and he wil be prepared to tell you that at that time he had nothing on earth the matter with him except a certain degree of thickening of the tonsils or Some of the glands of the throat, to which anyone is liable, and there was no symptom whatever of ulcerated sore throat or anything of the sort. Having then seen Dr. Savage he went down to Shrewsbury Races, and his horse won. 'After that, he was somewhat excited, as a man might naturally be under the circumstances of having won a con. siderable sum of money, and he asked several friends to dine with him to celebrate the event. They dined together at the Raven, the hotel where he was staying, and had two or three bottles of wine, but there was no excess of any sort, and no foundation for saying that Cook was the worse for liquor. Indeed he was not addicted to excesses, but was, on the contrary, an abstemious man on aU occasions. He went to bed that night, and there was nothing the matter with him. He got up the next day, and went again on the course as usual. That night, Wednesday, the 14th of November, a remarkable incident happened to which I beg to call your attention. A friend of his, a Mr. Fisher, and a Mr. Herring, were at Shrewsbury IRaces; and Fisher, who besides being a sporting man, was an agent for receiving winnings, and who received Cook's bets on the settling day at Tattersall's, occupied the room next to that occupied by Cook. Late in the evening Fisher went into a room in which he found Palmer and Cook drinking brandy and-water. Cook gave him somethingto drink, and said toPalmer, "You'llhave some more, won't you ?" Palmer replied, " Not unless you finish your glass." Cook said, "Irll soon do that " and he finished it at a gulp, leaving only about a teaspoonful at the bottom of the glass. He had hardly swallowed it, when he exclaimed "Good Godc! there's something in it; it burns my throat." Palmer imnimediately took up the glass, and drinking what remained, said, "Nonsense, there's nothing in it;" and then pushingthe glass to Fisher and anotherpersonwho had come in, said, "Cook fancies there is something in the brandy-and-water-there's nothing in it-taste it." On which one of them replied, " How can we taste it? you've drunk it all." Cook suddenly rose and left the room and called Fisher out, saying, that he was taken seriously iLL He was seized with most violent vomiting and became so bad that after a little while it was necessary to take him to bed. He vomited there again and again inthe most violent way, and as the sickness continued after the lapse of a couple of hours a medical man was sent for. He came and proposed an emetic and other means for maling the sick man eject what he had taken. After that medicine was given him -at first some stimulant of a comforting nature, and then a pilt as a purgative dose. After iwo oir three hours he became more tranquil, and about 2 o'clock he fell asleep and slept till n Ixt morning. Such was the state of the man's feelings all that- time that I cannot tell what passed; but he gave Fisher te money which he had about him, desiring him to take care of it, and Mr. Fisher will tell you that that money amounted to between 800. and 9001. in notes. The next mornming, having passed a quiet night, as I have said, and feeling better, he went out on the course ; and he saw Fisher, who gave him back his notes. That was the Thursday. He still looked veryill, and felt very ill; butthe vomiting had ceased. On that day Palmer's horse, the Chicaen, ran at Shrewsbury. He had backed his mare heavily, but she lost. when Palmer went to Shrewasbury he had no miney, and was obliged to borrow 251. to take him there. His horse lost, and he lost bets upon the race. He and Cook then left Shrewsbury and returned to Rugeley, Cook going to the Talbot Arms Hotel, exactly opposite the prisoner's house. There is an incident, however, connected with the ocourrence at Shrewsbury which I must mention About 11 o'clock that nighta Mlrs. Brooks,who betted oncom mission and had an establishment of jdckeys, went to speak to the deceased on some racing business, and in the lobby she saw Palmer holding up a tumbler to the light; and, having looked at it through the gas, he withdrew to an outer room and presently returned with the glass in his hand, and went into the room where Cook was, and in which room he drank the brandy and water from which I suppose you will infer that the sickness came on. Ido not charge that by anything which caused that sickness Cook's: death was occasioned; but I shall show you that throughout the ensuing days at Rugeley he constantly received things from the prisoner, and that during those days that sickness was continued. I shall show you that after he died, antimony was found in the tissues of his body and in his blood-antimiony administered in the form of tartar emetic, which, if continued to be applied, will maintain sickness. It was not that,however,of which this man died. The charge is, that, having been prepared by antimony,he was killed by strychnine. You have, no doubt, heard of the vegetable product known as nux vomica. In that nut or bean there resides a subtle and fatal poison which is capable of being extracted from it by the skill of the operative chymist, and of which the most minute quantity is fatal to animal life. From a half to a quarter of a grain will destroy life-you may imagine, therefore, how minute is the dose. In the human organization the nervous system may be divided into two main parts-the nerves of sensation, by which a consciousness of aU external sensations is conveyed to the brain ; and the nerves of motion, which are, as it were, the agents between the intellectual power of man' and the phybical action which arises from his organization. Those are the two main branches having their origin in the immediate vicinity of the seat of man's intellectual exist. ence. They are entirely distinct in their allocations, and one set of nerves may be affected while the other is left undisturbed. You may paralyze the nerves of sensation and may leave the nerves which act upon the voluntary muscles of movement wholly unaffected; or you may reverse thatstateofthings, ad y affect the nerves and muscles of volition, leaving the nerves of sensation wholly unaffected.' Strychnine affects the nerves which act on the voluntary muscles, and it leaves wholly unaffected the nerves on which human consciousness depends; and it is important to bear this in mind-some poisons produce a total absence of con; Eciousness, but the poison to which I refer affects the voluntary action of the musdes of the body, and leaves unimpaired the power of consciousness, Now, the way in 'which strychnine acting 'upon the voluntary muscles is fatal to life is, that it produces the'most intensa excitement of all those muscles, violent convulsions take placo-spasms which affect the whole body ana which end in rigidity-all the muscles become fixed, and the respiratory muscles in which the lungs have play are fixed with an immoveable rigidity, respiration consequently is suspended, and death ensues. These symptoms are known to medical men under the term of tetanus. There are other forms of tetanus which produce death, and which arise from other cause3 I than the taking of strychnine, but thore is a wide difference between the various forms of the same disease which prevents [the possibility of mistake. (The learned counsel then exI plained the different symptoms which characterize traumatic tetanus and idiopathio tetanus, 'which latter is of compara[lively rare occurrence in this country; but,as thisis a matter whicl will no doubt be dwelt upon with great detail in the medical testimony, it is unnecessary to burden our report with it at any length here. He then continued.) I have reason to believe that an attempt will be made to confound those different classes of disease, aud it vill be necessary therefore for the jury to watch with great IpinUteness th Pedial evidennce upon this point, It *ill show that both i- traumatic and idiopathic tetanus the disease commence with the milder symptoms whichbgra. dually progress towardsthedevelopment andfiualcompletion of the attack. When-once the disease has commenced it continues without intermission, although, as in every other form of malady, the paroxysms wiLl be from time to time more or less intense. In the case of tetanus from strychnine it is not so. It commences with paroxysms which may subside for a time, but are renewed again; and, whereas other formsof tetanus almost always last during a certain number of hours or daJy, when we deal with strychnine we deal -with cases not of hours but of mainutesin which we have no beginning of the disease, and then a gradual development to the climax; but in which the paroxysms commence with all their power at the very first, and terminate, after a few short minutes of fearful agony and struggles in the dis. solution of the victim. Palmer was a medical man, and it is clear that the effect of strychnine had not escaped his attention; for I have a book before me which was found in his house after his arrest, caed Mfanual for StudenS -Preparingfor Examination at 4pothecar'-haU ; and on the first page in his handwriting I observe this remark, " Strychninekillsby causing tetanicfixingof the respiratory muscles." I don't wish to attach more importance to that circumstance than it deserves, because nothing is more natural than that, in a book of this kind belonging to a pro. fessional man, such notes should be made; but Irefer to it to show that the effect of that poison on human life had come within his notice. I now revert to what took place after the arrival of these people at Rugeley. They arrived on the night of Thursday, the 15th of November, between 10 and 11 o'clock, when Mr. Cook took some refreshment and went to bed. He rose next morning and went out, and dined that day with Palmer. He returned to the inn about 10 o'clock that evening, perfectly well and sober, and went to bed. The next morning, at an early hour, Palmer was with hin, and from that time throughout the whole of Saturday and Sunday he was constantly in attendance on him. He orderedhimcoffee on Saturday morning. It was orought in by the chambermaid, Elizabeth Mills, and given to the prisoner,who had an oppor. tunity of tampering with it before giving it to Cook. Immediately after taking it the same symptoms set in which had occurred atShrewsbury. Throughoutthe whole of that day and the next, the prisoner constantly administered various things to Cook, who continued to be tormented with that incessant and troublesome siclness. Again, toast-aud. water was brought over from the prisoner's house, instead of being made at the inn, as it might have been, and again the siokness ensued. It seems also that Palmer desireda woman named Roney to procure some broth for Cook from the Albion. She obtained it and gave it to Palmer to warm, and when Palmer had done so he told her to take it to the Talbot for M1r. Cook, and to say that Mr. Smith had sent it-there being a Mr. Jeremiah Smith. an intimate friend of Cook. Cook tried to swallow a spoonful of the broth, but it immediately made him sick, aud he brought it off his stomach.. The brothwasthentaken downstairs, and after a little while the prisoner came across and asked if Mr. Cook had had his broth. He was told, "No; that he had tried to take it but that it made him sick, and that ho oould not retain it on his stomach." Palmer said that he must take it and desired that the broth should be brought upstairs. Cook tried to take it again, but again he began to vomit and threw the whole off his stomach. It was then taken downstairs, and a woman at the inn, thinking that it looked nice, took a .couple of table-spoonfuls of it; within half an hour she alsD was taken severely ill. Vomiting came on, and continued almost incessantly for five or six hours. She was obliged to go to bed, and she had exactly the same symptoms which manifested themselves in Cook's person after he drank the brandy and water at Shrewsbury. Ou that Saturday, about 3 o'clock, Dr. Bamford, amedical manatRugeley, was called in, and Palmer told him that Cook had a bilious attack-that lie had dined with him on the day before, and had drunk too freely of champagne, which had disordered his stomach. Now, I shaU show to you, by the evidence of medical men, both at Shrewsbury and Rugeley, that although Palmer had on one or two occasions represented Cook as suf fering under bilious diarrhcea, there wasnot, during the continuance of the violent vonmiting which I have mentioned, a single bilious symptom of any sort whatever. Dr. Bamford visited him at half-past 3, and when he found Mlr. Cook suffering fronm violent vomiting, and the stomach in so irritable a state that it would not retain a tablespoonful of anything, he naturally tried to see what the symptoms were which could lead him to form a notion- as to the cause of that state of things. He found to his surprise that the pulse of the patient was perfectly natural-tiat his tongue was quite clean, his skin quite moist, and that there was not the slightest trace of fever, or, in short, of any of those symptoms which might be expected in the case of a bilious man. Having heard from Palmer that he ascribed his illness to an excess of wine on the pre. vious day, he informiied Cook of it, and Cook then said, "Well, I suppose I must have taken too much, but it's very odd, for I only took three glasses." The representation, therefore, made by Palmer, that Cook had taken an excess of champagne, was not correct. Coffee was brought up to *Cook at 4 oclock when Palmer was there, and he vomited immediately. At 6 some barley-water was taken to him when Palmer was not there, and the barley-water did not produce vomiting. At 8 some arrowroot was given him, Palmer was present, and vomiting took place again. These may no doubt be mere coincidences, but they are facts, which, of whatever interpretation they may be susceptible, are weU deserving of attention, that during the whole of that Saturday Palmer was continually in and out of the house in which Cook was sojourning; that he gave him a variety of things, and that whenever he gave him anything sickness invariably ensued. That evening Dr. Bamford called again, and finding that the sickness still conitinued he prepared for the patient two pills containing half a grain of calomel, half a grain of morphia, and four grains of rhubarb. On the following day, Sunday, between 7 and S o'clock in the morning, Dr. Bamford is again sammoned to Cook's bedside, and finds tho sickness still re. curring, but fails to detect any symptoms of bile. He visited him repeatedly in the course of that day, and on leaving him in the evening found that, though the sickness continued, the tongue was clean, and there was not the slightest indication of bile or fever. Andso Sunday ended. On Monday, the 19th, Palmer left Rugeley for London-on what business I shall presently explain. Before starting, however, he called in the morning to see Cook, and ordered him a cup of coffee. He took it up himself, and after drinking it Cook, as usual, vomited. After that Palmer took his departure. Presenzly Dr. Bamford called, and, finding Cook stil suffering from sickness of the stomach, gave him some mcdicine. Whether from the effect of that medicine, or from whatever other cause, I mnow not; but it is admitted that from that time a great improvement was observed in Cook. Palmer was not present, and during the whole of the day Cook was better. Between 12 and 1 o'clock he is visited by Dr. Bamford, who, per' ceiving the improvement, advised him to get up. He does so, washes, dresses, recovers his spirits, and sits up for several hours. Two of his jocldes and his trainer called to see him, are admitted to his room, enter into conversation with him, and perceive that he is in a state of comparative ease and comfort, and so he eontinued till a late hour. I will now interrupt for a moment the consecutive narration of what passed afterwards at Rugeley to follow Palmer through the events in which he was concerned in LondonHe had written to a person named Herring to meet him at Beaufort-buildings, where a boardinghouse waskept by a lady named Hawks. Herring was a man on the turf, and had been to Shrewsbury Races. ILmediately on seeing Palmer he inquirod after Cook's health. " Oh," said Palmer, " he is all right ; his medical man has given him a dose of calomel and recommended himnot to come out, and what I want to see you about is the settling of his accounts." Monday, it appears, was settling-day at Tattersall's, and it was necessary that all accounts should be squared. Cook's usual agent for effecting that arrangement was a person named Fisher7 and it seems not a little singular that Cook should not have told Palmer why Fisher should not have been employed on this as on all similar occasions. On this point, however, Palmer offered no explanation. He was himself a defaulter rud could not show at TattersaLL's. He produced a piece of p'aper which he said contained a list of the sumas which Cook was enititled to receive, and he mentioned the names of the different per. sons who were indebted to Cook, and the amounts for which they were respectively liable. Herring heldout his hand to take the paper, but Palmer said, " No, I wilL keep this document; here is another piece of paper, write down what I read to you, and what I have here I wil retsin, as it will be a check against you." He then dictated the names of the various persons with the sums for which they were liable. Ierringobservedthatitamounted tol,020!. "Very well," said Palmer, " pay yourself 61., Shelly, 301., and if you see Bull, tell him Cook will pay him on Thursday or Friday. And now," he added, " how much do you make the balance?' Herring replied that he 3made it 984!. Palmer roplied that the tot was right, and then went on to say, "I will give you 16!., which will make it a 1,000!. Pay yourself the 200!. that I owe you for my bill; pay Padwick, 350!., and Pratt, 450!." So we hive it here established beyond all controversy, that Palmer did not hesitate to apply Cook's money to the pay. mentof hisowndebts. With regard to the debt dueto' Mr. Padwick, I am assured that it represents moneys won by that gentleman, partly from Cook, and partly from Pasmer, but that rr. Padwick held Palmer to be the retponsible party, and loolked to him for payment. The de.%)t to Pratt was Pahuer'g own iaar, Such is the Wie of things as regards -the dispositio of the' money. Palmer desired Herring to send checks to Pratt and Padwick at once, anid without wait;ng to draw the mnoney from Tatters"aUs To this Herring objected, obsering that it would be most injudicious to send the checL-s before he ws sure of gettig the money. "Ah, well," said Palmer, "never mind, itis all right, but come what, w4 - Pratt mlust be paid, for his claim is on account of . bill of sale for -a mare." Finding it impossible to overcome Herring's objection to send the checls until he had got the money at Tattersalls, Palmer then proceeded to settle some smal betting transctions between himself and that gentleman amounting to 51., or thereabouts. He pulled out a 501.-note, and Herring, not having the fau change, gave him a check for 201. They then parted, Palmer directing him to send down word of his proceedings either to him (Palmer) or to Cook. Wlth this injunction Herring complied, and I shall prove in the course of the tri that the letters he wrote to Cook were inter_ cepted by the postmaster at Rugeley. Not havingreceived as much as he expected at Tattersall's, Herring was unable to pay Padwick the 3501., but it is not disputed that he paid 450. to Pratt. On the same day Palmer went himself to the latter gentleman and paid him other moneys consisting of 301. in notes and the check for 201. which he had received from Herring, and a memoranduim was drawn, to which I shall hereafter have occasion to cal attention. So much for Palmer's proceedings iu london. On the eveningof that same day (Monday) he returned home. Arriving at Itugeley about 9 o'clock; at night he at once proceededto visit Cook at the Talbot Arms, and from that time till 10 or U o'clock he was continually in and out of Cool's room. In the course of the evening he went to a man named Newton, assistant to a surgeon named Salt, and applied for three grains of strychnine, which Newton, knowing Palmer to be a medical practitioner, did not hesitate to give him. Dr. Bamford had sent on this day the same kind of pills that he had sent on Saturday and Sunday. I believe it was the doctor's habit to take the pils himself to the Talbot Arms an intrast them to the care of the housekeeper, who carried them up. stairs; but it was Palmer's practice to come in afterwards, and evening after evening, to administer medicine to the patient. There is no doubt that Cook toolk pils on monday night. Whether he took the pils prepared for him by Dr. Bamford, and similar to those which he had talen on Satur. day and Sunday, or whetherPalmer substituted forDr. Bam. ford's pils some of his own concoction, consisting in some measure of strychnine, I must leave to thle jury to determine. Certain it is, that when he left Cook at 11 o'clock at night the latter was still comparatively well anu comfortable and cheerful, as inthe morning. Bat he was not long to continue so. About 12 o'clock the female servants in the lower part of the house were alarmned by violent screams, proceeding from Cook's room. They rushed up and found him in great agony, shrieking dreadfully, sheuting "Murder !" and caluing on Christ to save his souL He was in intense pain. The eyes were starting out of his head. He was flinging his arms wildly about him, and his whole body was convulsed. He was perfectly conscious, however, and desired that Palmer should be sent for vwithoutdelay. Oneof thewomenzrantofetchhim,andhe attended in a few minutes. He found Cook-stil screaming, gasping for breath, and hardly able to speak. He ran back again to procure some medicine, and on his return Cook exclaimed " Oh dear, doctor, I shall die !" "No, my lad,' you shaU not," replied Palmer.; and he then gave him some more medicine. The sick man vomited almost i mmediately, but there was no appearance of the pills in the utensil Shortly afterwards he became more calm, and called on the women to rub his limbs. They did so, andfounad them cold and rigid. Presently the symptoms became still more tranquil, and he grew better; but the medical men will depose that the tetanus that afiicted him was that occasioned by strychnine. His frame, exhausted by the terrible agony it had endured, now fell gradually into repose; nature asserted her claim to rest, and he began to dose. So matters remaiued till the morrowTuesday, the 20th, the day of his death. On the morning of that day Cook was found comparatively comfortable, though still retaining a vivid impression of the horrors he had suffered the night before. He was quite collected and conversed rationally with the chambermaid. Palmer meetingDr. Bamford that same day, told him that he did not want to have Cook disturbed; for that he was now at his ease, tthough he had had a fit the night before. This same morning, between the hours of 11 and 12 o'clock, there occurred a very remarkable incident. About that time Palmer want to the shop of a certain Mr. Hawkings, a druggist, at Rugeley. He had not dealt with him for two years before, it bemg his practice during that period to purchase such drugs as he required from lMr. Thirlby, a former assistant of Mr. Hawkings, who had set up in business for himself. But on this day Palmer went to Mr. Eawkings's shop, and, producing a bottle, informed the assistant that he wanted two drachms of prussic acid. Vhile it was being prepared for him, Mlr. Newton, the same man from whom he had on a former occasion obtained strychnine, came into the shop, whereupon Palmer seized himbythe arm, andobservingthat he had something particu. lar to say to him hurried him into the street, where he kept talking to him on a matter of the smallest possible import. ance, relatinz to the precise period at which his employer's son meant to repair to a farm he had taken in the country. They continued to converse on this trivial topic until a gen. tleman named Brassington (or Grassington) came up, where. upon Mr. Newton turned aside to say a few words to him. PaImer relieved by this accident went baclk into the shop, and asked, in addition, for six grains of strychnine and a certain quantity of BaUley's liquor of opium. He obtained them, paid for them, and went away. Presently Mr. Newton returned, and being strack with the fact of Palmer's dealing with Hawkings, asked, out of passing curiosity, what he had come for, and was informed. And here I must mention a fact of some importance respecting Mr. Newton. When examined before the coroner, that gentleman only deposed to one purchase of strychnineby Palmerat Mr.Salt's surgery, and it was only as recently as yesterday that with many expressons of contrition fornot having been more ex| plicit, he communicated to the Crown the fact that Palmer had also bought strychnine on londaynight. It is for you, gentlemen, to decide the amount of credit to be attached to thisevidence; but youwillbear in mind that whatever you may think of Mr. Newton's testimony, that of Mr. Roberts, on whom there is no taint or shadow of suspicion, is decisive with respect to the purchases which the prisoner made on Taesday at the shop of Mr. Rawkings. I now resume the story of Taesday's proceedings with the observation that Cook was entitled to receive the stakes he had won at Shrewsbury. On that day Palmer sent for Mr. Cheshire, the postmaster of Rugeley. He owed Cheshire 77. odd, aud the latter, supposing that he was about to be paid, came with a stamped receipt in his hand. Palmer produced a paper, and remarking, "That Cook was too ill to write himself," told Cheshire to draw a check on Weatherby's in his (Palmer's) favour for 3601. Cheshire thereupon filUed up a piece of paper purporting to be the body of a check, addressed in the manner indicated to the Messrs. Weatherby, and concluding with the words, "and place the same to my account." Palmer then took the document away, for the purpose, as he averred, of get. ting Cook's signature to it. What became of it I do not undertake to assert, 'Dut of this there is no question, thatby that night's post Palmer sent up to Weatherby's a check which was returned dishonoured. Whether it was genuine, or like so many other papers with which Palmer had to do, forged, is a question which you will have to determine. And now, returning to Cook, it may be observed that in the course of that morning coffee and broth were sent him by Palmer, and, as usual, vomiting ensued and coutinued through the whole of the afternoon. And now a new person makes his appearance on the stage. You must know that on Sunday,'Palmer wrote to6r. W. H. Jones, a surgeon, of Lutterworth, desiring him to come over to see Cook. Cook was a personal friend of Mr. Jones, and had occasionally been in the habit of residing at his house. It is deserving of remark that Palmer, in his letter to Jones, describes Cook as "suffering from a severe bilious attac, accompanied with diarrhoea," adding, " it is desirable for you to come and seehim as soon as possible." Whether this communication is to be interpreted in a sensefavourableto the prisoner, or whether it is to be taken as indicating a deep design to give colourtothe idea that Cook died a natural death, it isat least certain that the statement that Cook had been " suffering from a biliousatackattendedwith diarrhtea," was utterly untrae. Mr.Jonesbeinghimself unweUdidnoteometoRugeley till Tnesday. Se arrived at about 3 o'clock on that day, and immediately proceeded to see his sick friend. Palmer came in at the same moment, and they both examined the patient, Mr. Jones paid particular attention to the state of his tongue; remarked, "That is not the. tongue of bilious fever." About 7 o'clock that same evening Dr.Bamford called, and founld the patient pretty well. Subsequently the three medical men (Palmer, Bamford, and Jones) held a consultation, but before leaving the bedroom for that purpose Cook beclconed toPalmer, and said, "Mind; I will have no more pills or medicineto night." They then withdrew and consalted. Palmer insisted on his taking pills, but added, " Let us not tell him what they contain, as he fears the same results that have already given him such pain." It was sgreed that Dr. Bamford should make up the pills, which were to be composed of the same ingredients as those that had been administered on the three preceding evenings. The doctor repaired to his surgery and made them up acordingly. He was followed by Palmer, who asked him to write tha dirctions how they were to be taken. Dr. Bamford, though unable to understand the necessity of his doing so, under the circumstances, complied with Palmer's request, and Iwrote on the box that the pills were to be talken at "4 'db time." P,lmRer then took th m awjn Say gji%b icose pills or some others to Cookih*t night. It is-remarkable,; however, that half oi three^quarters of an hour viapied from the time he left Dr. Bamford's sargery :itil bl*: brought the pills to Cook. When, at length, he canie he produced two pills, but before giving them to Cook ha tookesp cial care to call 11r. Jones's attertion to the directions on the lid, observing that the writing was singularly 'diitinct and vigorous for a man upwards of 80. If the pri-e soner be guilty, it is a natural presumption that he made - hlis observationwith the view of identifying the pilUbox ar having come from Dr. Bamford, and so averting suspicion from himsselfL This was about half-past 10 at night. The pills were then offered to Cook, who strongly objected to take them, remaridng that they had made him ill the night before. Palmer insisted, and the sick man at last consented to take them. He voniited im, Ta y after, but did not bring up the pills Jones then went down and took his supper, and he will tell you that up to the period when the piUs were admainistered Cook had been easy and cbeerful, and presented no symptomn of the; approach of disease, much less of death. It wa arranged that Jones should sleep in the same room with Cook, and he, did so; but h^ had not been more than 15 or 20 minutes in bed when he was aroused by a sudden exclamation, and a frightful scream from Cook, who, starting up, said, " Senan for the doctor immediately, I am going to be ill as I was Last night." The chambermaid san across the road ana' rang the bell of Palmer's house, and in a moment Palmer was at the window. He was told that Cook was again ill. In two minutes he was by the bedside of the sick man, and, strangely, volunteered the observation "I never dressed so: quicl;y in my life." It isfor you, getllemen, to say whether you thinr he had time to dress at. alL Cook was found in the same condition, and with the same symptoms as the night before, gasping for breath, screaming violently, his body convulsed with cramps and srAsms, and his necic rigid. Jones raised him and rubbed his neck. When Palmer entered the room Cook asked him for the same remedy that had relieved hin the night before. "Iwrilw run back and. fetch it," said Palmer, and he darted out of the room. ISx the pasage he met two female servants, who remarked that: Coolkwasas "bhad" asbehadbeenlast night. "He isnot-within fifty times as bad as he was last nght; and what a, game is this to be at every night !" was Paluer's eply. Ij. a few minutes he returned with two pills, wrhich -:e told Jones were ammonia, though I am assured that it is a drug that requires much time in thle preparation, and can writh difficulty be made into pills. The siclk man swallowed these pills, but brought them: up again immediately. And now ensued a terrible: scene. He was instantly seized with violent convulsions; - by degrees his body began to stiffen out; then suffocatioucommenced. Agonized with pain, he repeatedly eitreate( to be raised. They tried to raise him, but it was not pos. sible. The body had become rigid as iron, and it could nob be done. He then said, "Pray, turn me over." Ther did turn him over on the right side. He gasped for breath,b ut could utter no more. In a few moments all was tranquil-the tide of life was ebbing ft. Jonesleantover him to listen to the action of the heart. Gradually the' pulse ceased-all was over-he was dead. (Sensation.) I will show you that his was a death referable in its symp-_ toms to the tetanus prodauced by strychnine, and not' to any other possible form of tetanus. Scarcely 'waR the breath out of his body when Palmer begins to think of what is to be done. He engages- two women to lay out the corpse, and these women on entering the roomfind him searching tliepociets of a coat which no doubt belonged to Cook, and hunting under the pillows and bolsters. They saw some letters on the mantel.shelf, which, in all probability, had been taken out of the dead mas pocket; and, what is very remarkable is, that from that day to this, nothing has been seen or heard either of the) betting-book or of any of the papers connected with Coolkx money affairs. On a subsequent day (Thursday) he retirned, and, on the pretence of loodking for some books, and a paper. knife, rnmmagedagainthrough the documents of the deceasedL On the 25th of November he sent for Cheihire, and pro. ducing a paper, purporting to bear the signature of Cook, asked him to attest it. Cheshire glanced over it. It was a document in which Cook aclnowledged that certain bills to the amount of 4,0000. or thereabouts, were bills that haja been negotiated for his (Cookls) benefit, and in respectof which Palmer had received no consideration. Such was the paper to which 48 hours after the death of the man whose name it bore Palmer did not hesitatet to ask Cheshire to be an attesting witness. Cheshire, thougla unfortunately for himself, too much the slve of Palmer, peremptorily refused to comply with thi5 request; whereupon Palmer carelessly observed,"Itis of no consequenoe;E dare say the signature will not be disputed, but it occurrea to me that it would lookl more regular if it were attested." On Friday 3fr. Stevens, Cook's father-in-law, came down to Rugeley, and, after viewing the body of his relative, to whom he had been tenderly attached, asked Palmer about his affairs. Palmer assured him that he held a paper draw up by a lawyer, and slgnedaby Cool,'stating thati; faD. of 4,000w.worthof bills,'he(Cook)waloneiiae ad-tUo* Palmer had a claim tothat amount against his estate. Mfr. Stevens expressed his amazement, and eplied that ther# would not be 4,000 shillings for the holders of the bills. Subsequently Palmer displayed an eager officiousness in tba matter of the funeral, taldng upon himself to order. a shell, and an oak coffin without any directions to that effect from the relatives of the deceased, who were anxious to have the arrangements in their own hands. Mr. Stevens ordered dinner at the hotel for Bamford, Jones, and himself, and, finding Palmer still hanging about him, thought it but civil to extend the invitation to him. Accordingly they al sat down together. After dinner MIr. Stevens asked Jones to step upstairs and bring down al books and papers belonging to Cook. Joneg left the room to do so, and Palmer followed hin. They were absent about 10 minutes, and on their return Joneg obsarved that they were unable to find the betting-book or any of the papersbelongingto tha deeasd Palmer addea, "The betting-book would be of no use to you if you found it, for thebets are void by his death." Mr. Stevens replied; "The book must be found;" and then Palmer changing hrj tone said, "Oh, I daresay itwiliturn up-" ,Mr. Stevens then rang the bell, and told the housekeeper to take chuag of whatever books and papers had belonged to Cook, and to be sure not to allow any one to meddle with them until he came back from London, which he would soon do, with his solicitor. He then departed, but, returning to ley after a brief interval, declared his intention to have apoatmorten examination. Pa7lmer volunteered to nominate the surgeong who should conduct it, but Mr. Stevens refused to employ any one whom he should recommend. On Sunday, the 26th, Palmer caeled on Dr.Bamford, and asked him for a oertificate attesting the cause of Cook's death. The doctor ex. pressed his surprise, and observed, "Why, he was yout patient?" But Palmer importuned him, and Bamnford takine the pen filled up the certificate, and enterod tbi cause of death as "apoplexy." Dr. Bmfordis upwardsof 80, andl hope that it is to some infirmity connected with his great age that this most unjustifiable act is to be attributed. How_. ever, he shall be produoed in court, and he Wi tel you that apoplexy has never been known to produce tetanus. In the course of the day PalmersentforNewton, andaftertheyba& had some brandy-and-water asked him how much stryechnine he would use to kill a dog. Newton replied, "from half-agrain to a grain." "And hiow much," inquired Palmer, "would be found in the tissues and intestines after death ?R "None at all," was Newton's reply; but that is a point on. which I will produce important eTidence. The po 1orim exam1nation took plac the next day, and on that ocoason. Palmer assured the medical men, of whom there were many present, that Cooke had had epieptic fits orn Monday and Tuesday, and that they would find old disea in the heart and head. He added that the poor fellow w&4 "ffull of disease," and had "all kdnds of complaints,'! These statements were completely disproved by. the postviwrtem examinations. At the first of them,-conducted by Dr. Devonshire, the liver, lungs, and kidneys- were all I found healthy. It was said that there-were some alight indications of congestion of the kidueys, whether due to decomposition or to what other cause was not ertain; but. it was admitted, on all hands, that they did not imnair the general health of the system, or at all wcount for death. The stomach and intestines wue examined, and they exhibited a few white spots at the large enad of the stomach, but these marks were wholly insufficient to explain the cause of disolution. Dr. Bamford contended that there was some slight c.ongas tion of the brain, but all the otheredical men concurr. in thinking that there was none at alL In the- ensu-in month of January the body wa exhumed wiih A view tp. more accurate examination, and the body was thenfound to be in a perfectly norme l and healthy condition. Pabner seemed rejoiced at the discovery, and, .tuning to Dr. Bam. ford, exclaimed, "Doctor, theywon't hang-syet." The stomach and intestines were taken out and placei in a jar, and it was observed that Palmer pushed against the medical man who was engaged in the operation, and the jar was in danger of being upset. It escaped, however, and was covered with sldns, tied down, and seale . Preently one of the medical men turned round, and finding that Up jar had disappeared asked what had become of it. it VS found at a distance near a different door from that ' ho h which people UsUally passed in ana out, and Palmoer exclaimed, " It's all right. It was I who removed it. x thought it would be 'nore convenient for you to hay. it here, t,lt you might lay your hands roadily onit as yost weut QU) ' W hen the jar was recovered it ws found that two ilits had been cut in the skins with alcnife. Tse llits, howrever, were cleOa, so that, whatever lis object may have been in m aking the inciions -it is certain that nothing was t*kw out 9f ib. JU;
ArESSRS. DI?UMMOND, .BOTVYB, and ZIrGUORI. TO THE EDITOR OF TEiE TIMES. Sir,-In the very instructive controversy betvreen Mr. Drummond and Mr. Bowyer it is interesting to observe the picture of Romish unity sketched by the Cardinal's crossbearer. He shows by his extracts from St. Liguori, unquestionably the filthiest writer in Christendom, that the most distinguished writers of his church are all at issue with each other, and that Mr. Bowyer maintains unity by standing alone. 2. It is in Mr. Bowyer's creed a fixed dognma that the Pope is infallible. Hlence a great authority in his Church, -viz., Cardinal Bellarmine, makes shorb work of the Pope's power to meddle with the divine law by stating point blank-" Si autem Papa eiraret prnecipiendo vitia vel prohibendo virtutes, teneretur ecclesia crederc vitia esse bona et virtutes malas, nisi vellet contra conscientiaux peccare" (De Boman. Pont., lib. 4, c. 5); that is, " should the Pope err by commanding vices or prohibiting virtues, t,he Church would be bound to believe that vices are good and virtues bad, if she would not sin against conscience." I em aware of the Dublin Revew's attempt to evade the feaTful effects of this abominable sentiment; but anyone who wishes to see it thoroughly exposed should read Canon Wordsworth's able reply, in the sequel of his letters to M. Goudon. Some of the ablest writers in the lonish Church, as Gerson, Almaine, and Alphonsus De Castro, declare that thePope may be a heretic, as was Pope Honorius and Pope Celestine; and Platina, a high Roman Catholic historian, says that a woman had for once the honour of being Pope of Rome. 3. But why should Mr. '.Bowyer dispute the Pope's pre. rogatives 9 In the Leipsic edition of the Canon7 Laio, now setup by Dr. Wiseman in England, Decret; priim pars dist. 95, p. 290, Mr. Bowyer will find these words:-" Satis evidenter ostenditur a seculari potestate nec ligari prorsus nec solvi posse pontificem, quem constat a pio principe C(anstantino Deum appellatum; nec posse Deum ab homninibus judicari manifestum est." The Pope is here recognized as God, as being beyond tho judgment of man; and, as he is divine, of course divine laws are at his disposal. At page 522 of the same volume of the Canon Law, c. 13, " Nemo judicabit prhuam sedem justitiam temperare desiderantem. Neque enim ab augusto, neque ab omnn clero, neque a regibus judex judicabitur." Here the Popo is exalted above all hunan authority. In the Decretals of Sixtus, lib. 1, lit. 2, c. 1, in the same edition of the Canon Law, it is stated, " Romanus Ponlifex juraomnia in scriniopectoris sui censeturhabere." If the Pope thus holds in the casket of his bosom all laws, human and divine, Liguori's inference is fair. 4.3 But, lest any devotee should have difficulty in believing men to be infallible, if not divine, who, in thie words of Cardinal Baronius, were some of them monsters of wickedness, I add, from an edition of the Spiritual xercisea of St. Ignatius, edited and authenticated by Dr. Wiseman, the following short and satisfactory disposal of all scruples and doubts:- "That we may in all things attain the truth, that we may not err in anythirg, vro ought ever to hold it as a fixed refirciple that what 1 see white I believe to be black if the t:hurlso defineit, and if she shall have defined anything to be black which to our eyes appears to be white we ought in like muanner to pronounce it to be black." This holy decisive obligation accounts for much of the vondrous logic of the cross-bearer of Cardinal Wiseman. But perhaps your readers would like a specimen of the teaci*ng which four Popes and the Congregation of Sacred Rites commended in the writings of St. Liguori:- Oaths.-Liguori asks, " How is the obligation of an oath taken away ?.-By annulrnent, dispensation, commutation, and relaxation." Liguori on Wife-boating.-"Before marriage some husbands make great sromises; and after the lapse of a few, months they treat their wives-as slaves. 'What,' they say, can I not chastise ray wife 5' Yes, if there were a grievous cause, and if, after being corrected several times, she does ot amend, you can chastise her, but with moderation. But is not lawful to beat your wife for trilling faults." It is fortunate that the Pope, Dr. Wiseman, and his priests are all bachefors, for, says Liguori, "' certain wives complaia that their husbands beat them continually." Ligaori on Stealing.-" If a person hb in extreme necessity, or has no other means of recoverin his credit, he can then take tho property of another against his will." Lignori on Lying.-" To tell a lie which is not injurious to a neighbour is only a venial sin.": As sucessaive Popes have applauded, and Mr. Bowyer defends, these reversals and superseding of the divine laws, it nmust be obvious that the Popes claim the prerogative of modifying at least divine laws. - - v I am..Sir. Your obedient servant. -JO s CUMMG. May 14.
WRxEK OP THE ABRDEEN CLPxPER PLAi=.-This vessel of 700 tons burden, which left Shanghai on the llth *f last January on her homeward-bound voyage, having on board a valuable cargo of tea, silk, and curiosities, with a (rew of 23- men and one passenger, was on Saturday night Jast completely wrecked and sunk off Brighton, owing to her having come into collision with a foreign bnig, name Anknown. Ininedietely after the accident sho heaan to fl1l and the water gaiieda so fast upon her that, alt ough the captain and his men worked as hard as possible at the pumps, all their efforts to keep her afloat were useless. Yortunately no lives were lost, the crew aad passenger escaping in the boats, with nothing but the ship's chrononneters and the captaii's cashbox. After having been in the boats two hours and a-half, they 'were taken ot board ihe bark Margaret, and shortly after transferred to the TTwin cuttter, belonging to Dover, and by her conveyed to Portsmouth, whence they were franked to London by the South Coast Paiiv.ay.
F W. . 70fEIX 42=ELIGE ; - - ~ VG : . FA,,E., u (FOM OUR OWh- C0013OlDoF2T.) (Aportfon of the following4peaedi oursoondedXtoL of yesterd6 y :-1 e - I f . -KtAKS, 3 TUESDAY, 13LAY 13, 6 P.M. i The following letter fionm:. AL lYEanin, f6rmer President of the Republic of Venic6;will appear in ,aday or two in the Din, {o gf Tturihi , - " Paris, May 11, 1S56. "My last communication -tho Italan question has given rise to a discussion in the Piedmontese press rerk able for plitical good sense and xqluisite urbanity of form. ly ideas have obtained important adhesions more or less explicit, and have excited divers objections more or less grave. One objection is to this effect-' You say that the Piedmontese Monarchy, in order to be faithfl to its national Italian mission, must stan from any accord Iwith the eternal enemies of Italy-viz., Austria and the Pope. But the Piedmontese Monarchy is at this moment (in March last) sitting at the Conferences of Paris side by sido with Austria, and they co-operate together in the conclusion of a treaty of Euroyean interest. Reciprocal concessions wil be made, which will re-establish friendly relations between the two Governments; irresistible influence will be employed in ordef to put an end to the dissen sions with the Roman Court. Thus the Piedmontese Mo' narchy, at peace with Austria and the Pope, will implicitly concur in perpetuating the slavery of Italy. The Italian national party, therefore, cannot repose trust in that, bat has to recur to other mean for the attainment of its ends.' "The objection I quote is grave, but let us see whether I can answer it Vith reasoning. Ihave only topay attention to facts, and at this moment the known facts concerning the Conferences of Paris suffice, in my opinion, to fornish a con. clusive reply. The Piedmontese Government has not made concessions of any kind to the eternal enemies of Italy, namely, Austria and the Pope. "The pride, the interests, and the views of Austria have been seriously affected by the protest against the military occupation of the Legations and the Duchies, and by the denunciation before civilized EIurope of the bad government of the various Italian Governments that are devoted to Austria, and by whose protection they eist. The Piedmontese Government hbs exercised ad caused to be adniitted their right to speak in the name of Italy. It has constrained the diplomatists of Europe to confess that the state of Italy is intole-able, and, by implication, that if a remedy be not applied revolution would be necessary and legitimate. " K'o, the Piedmontese Government has not abandoned the cause of Italy; it has not been unfaithful to its na. tional mission. Its titles to the gratitude and confidence of the national Italian party are increased, and its moral iu. portance, its influence, and consequently its force, in Italy and outside Italy, have become enlarged. It has taken a new step in a line in which, sustained, and, if necessary impelled by the oDinion of the country it governs, and biy the applause, the sympathy, and the gratitude of the other Italian provinces, it wvil be easy for it to progress, and fromi which (as I hope and believe) it wvll be impossible to draw back. " MALNIIN." The position that Sardinia has assumed in the Paris conferences is one that she canuot easily abandon, even if she had the desire. The earnestness with which the cause of Italy was advocated in the Congress by Count Cavour is but faintly expressed in the pub]ished protocols, and the velT last words which passed betwfeen CountBuol and the Sardinian Plenipotentiary at the close of the last day's sitting musthave convinced Austria of the determination of the Piedmontese Govermnfient not to abandon that cause. The discussion, as I mentioned at the time, was of the warmest character. When the Plenipotentiaries were about to separate Count Cavour observed to Count :Buol that their disagreement on the political state of Italy would not, he hoped, preventthem from being good friends as private individuals, and he held out his hand. Count Buol took it, and expressed the pleasure he felt at making his acquaintance, and added that he trusted matters were not gone to such lengths between them in council as to cut off all hope of an arrangement or compromise. Count Cavour said "No, the difference between us is too great for compromise. We must have all or nothing." It may be necessary to add, that the point in question was that of the Austrian occupation and the formidable preponderance of that Power in the Italian States, which menaced to envelope the e-ntire peninsula, and not merely the Lombardo-Venetian possessions. I believe that that question is at this moment under the consideration of the allied Governments, and it would be strange if it were so without any beneficial result. Austria is said to manifest a willingness to come to some terms, and the fact of her sirning the treaty of the 15th with Eng,land and France, to whom Italy now looks w.ith hope, justifies the expectation that somethingr will be done. It was the fear of :Russia that compelled Austria to sign that treaty. From Russia she has nothing to hope should the moment of danger come, and has everything to apprehend. The northern coalition that so long pressed down on Europe is dissolved, Austria has thrown herself on the Western Powers, and the Western Powers would certainly not admit her if Italy is to continue in the same condition as hitherto. In the meantime the Italian populations are full of hope that the moment is fast approaching which wil decide their fate, and they look to England and France with conifidence. A letter from Athens, of the 30th ult., states as follows:- "The agitation which we thought was appeased in this country reappears with the news of fresh acts of brigaidage. You have read the description, unfortunately too true, of the state of Greece as described by Lord Palmerston in the House of Counons. His speech fell ike a bomb among the Rlussian faction -who predominate here, and vho flattered thenmselves that the peace was about to free them from the Anglo-French occupation. The withdrawal of our force would certainly be most convenient at this moment for that faction, as it would give them the complete mastery atethe approaching elections. Though thb troops confine themselves to the maintenance of public tranquillity in the district which they occupy, their presence exercises on the population a considerable moral influence. Thus, while holding in their hands all the threads of the internal administration, in which the'Governments of France and England do not interfere, the Russian party are held in check, and dare not do aU they would desire. - These people have just avenged themselves on Lord Palmerston, who gave a just description of the state to which they have reduced Greece, by publicly burning the Mine,-ave newspaper, which gave the speech of the noblelord, audwhich at the same time contained a list of acts of fresh brigaudage. The otdo dafi tookplace in the nilitary ecsino at Athens, and it is pretended, though I do not vouch for the fact, that one of the aides.de.amp of the Ring was present. It is said that in this execution a Prince co-operated, whose brother was commnandant of the Greek Legion in the service of Russia during the war. It is even rnmoured that the effigy of Lord Palmerston shared the fate of the journal which had the il luclk to publish his speech, butIdoubt whetherthe audacityof these mencarried them so far. It is certain, however, that England labotrs under the misfortune of not being in favour at the Greek Court; butIdoubt whether itwillbe driven to despair bythe news. Owingtothepatrols kept up dayand night by Admiral Bouet-Willaumez, who commands the corDs of occupation, brigandage has nearly ceased between Athens and the Pir,eus. The bands driven thence have again formed at the other side of Athens, in the mountains wbich separate this partv of the country from ancient Eubea. It was hoped the Groeek Gendarmerie would disperse the brigands, or at least drive thom farther back, but in vain, and the result is, that they have increasedlately in a most scandalous manner. The Admiral intends establishing pcsts in this part of the country to protect as much as possible thelives and-property of the inhabitants. The project has excited the rage of the Russian faction to such a degree that they urge the Government to hand a protest to the French and English linisters agains the occupation." General de Faiy has been appointed Aide-deCamp to the Emperor, in the place of General Canrobert,- promoted to the rank of MIarshal of France. The Moniteur publishes a decree reducing to 100,000 the number of nmen of the class of 1856, which, by a bill recently adopted by the Legislative Body, had been, fixed at 140,000, to be caled out in 1857. .b aldoti The Empress drove out on- Sunday for the first time since her accouchement. Her MIajesty went irn a carriage, accoInpanied by the Emperor, to the Bois de Boulogne. 'Their MaLjesties made the tour of the lake, isud afterwaNds .proceeded, to the plain of Long,champs. .A .numnerous crowd hailed their MIajesties with the loudest- acclamations. Yesterday a considerable crowvd assemlbled towards 3 in the afternoon in the neighbourhood of the Tuileries, in the- expectation of. -seeig Her Majesty again make her appearance As before, the Empress was nccomupanied by the Emperor, and their Majesties were loudly cheered both on going out and on their return to the Palace at.about 6 o'clock. The MonitCtr contains thefollowing- "TheUJniversal Prze Cattle and Agicultural Show of 1850, which wil open on the 23d instant at the 13hibition Palace, WMll bethe rmost complete, both as regrds anima agricultural Productiors, ndiplemei husbau*, tha has ever betn presented to the attention of the public and;o the stucdy of agricUlturits. All.- the decarations frons foreign countries have not yet reached the ;nster of Agri culture; notwithstndi8t the inscriptions alraady amount for cattleto 1,314, bothbullsand laos. n the abovenumber, Eranco itaids for 483 head; Egai,d, 132 Seotlandc 174Belmad 54 ; Autria, 100; Switeland, 14-; Ba]giuin-53 and Holland, 35. Denmark, Saxony, Bavaria, Wurtemberg, the Grand Duchies of Baden and Luxelburg, aupplyvthO rest of the contingent. The exhibition of sheep wfi ot include less tha -1,26 rams and ewes, and by adding to the above figores 174 pigp, Iwhiclt hare been already inscribek. it males sup a total of 2,756 animas. There are alsb 503 lots of poultry. As to implements of husbandry jjii igricultural productions, the number of declarations wH161i have already reached the Minister amount to about 2 OMO -o! the former, a-ad mnore thtn 4,000 of the latter." T he Three per Cents. closed -to-day at 75f. 2i-, for the end of the month-; the Four-and-a-Balf per Cents. at 94f. 70ac.; and the new Loan at 75f. 45W:. Orleans Railway shar, 1,432f. 50c.; Great Nor.. thern, 1,135.; Strasburg, 990f.; new s8hrea, 915fParis and Lyons, 1,460f. ; Lyons to the Xediteria nean, 1,700f.; Western of France, 955f.; Bordeauux and Cette, 820f.; Great Central of France, 7G5f.; ,Lyons and Geneva, S17f. 50c.; Bank of Cr6dit 3iobilier, 1,850£ ; Austrian railways, 942f. 50c. Cours Autheittque.-PASs,ay 13.s ic Four-and-a-iBlf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 yers), '941. 5r. 941f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (55 Der cent. id), 94f. 5c.; ditto Certificates (55percent. pidi), 94f. Sc.; rxrea per Cents., 74f. 85c. 90c. 7f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (55 per cent. paid), 75f. 10c.; ditto Certificates (55 per cent. paid), 75f. 10c.; Bank of France, 4t00f., Credit Foncier, Obligations of 5001, Four per Cents., 43S5f. 430f. 435.; ditto, Three per Cents., 4001. - Prom. Oblipations of 1,000f., Three per Cents, 930£ - Creait MIobilier, 1,S52f.50c. 1,850f - Discount Bankt 7001. 662f. S0c. - Austrian Five per Cents. 90f.; Belgian Loan, 99£. * Eomans, 92.'; Spanish Passives, 7; uitto Interior Debt, 40,. Exch~iige on London, at sigoht, mocney, 251. 37hc.; t.brec mon,ths, money, 2SF.. AIUSTRIA. (YRO OUR oWN oo0.sM0XDMr.) VIENNA, MAY 10. On the 8th inst. the representatives of Aastriii and Prussia officially informed the German Dietthat peace was restored, and at the same time pro-' posed that the Bund should express its adhesion to the Treaty of Peace concluded at Paris on the 30th of Marca. It is well known that the Confederation intends to express its approval of the poliEcy of the two great German Powers, but it would have. been a sacrifice of dignity to dispose of the matter brevi manu, and therefore, at the request of Ba'varia, it was referred to the Committee on Eastern Affairs. In poltical circles it is stated that the conimittee will propose that the Bund shouli return to Austria and Prussia its thanks for their d1efence of the interests of Germany at Paris, and also expres3 its entire approbation of their polcy on the Eastern question. The adhesion of the German Diet to the Treaty of March 30 is a matter of little importance to the Western Powrers, but it certainly is a great triumph for this Government, which for nearly three years in vain endeavoured to obtain from its federal allies an unqualified approval of its policy. The Austrian publc is at present so greatly occupied with interal affairs that the Eastern question has ceased to be a topic of conversation. The Concordat, the various industrial undertakings, the dissensions between Barons Bach and Bruck, and the appointment of Baron Hiibner to be the represenr$. *ative of his Imperial Royal Apostolic M1ajesty at the French Court, are now the exclusive subjects of conversation. The aristocracy didnot condescendi to trouble itself about Baron Huibner so long a5 he was merely the diplomatic agent of the Austrian Government; but it openly expresses its disbelief that a plebeian by birth can worthily represent the sacred person of the Emperor. Eis Majesty, however, is of a different opinion, for he a fewv dayzs since definlitively appointed Baron Hiibner to be his Ambaswsador at Paris. The heavy cbar're brought by the proud Vienna dames against the dilomatist is, that he is " a glazier's eon," and- they one and all vow that when he returns to Vienna they will not admait hima to their drawing-rooms I Such a threat may appear of singularly little importance to persons who are not initiated into the mysteries of high life in Vienna, but those who are will well know whiat Baron Hibner's position is likely to be. It was long ago whispered that the Mbinisters of the Home Depart;. ment and of Finance idid not work well together, but it is now affirmed bhat they are " at daggers drawvn." Both B3aronl Bach and Baron Bruck stand high in the favour of their Sovereign, but they are both very ambitious men, and consequently exctremely jealous of each other's influence. Baron Bach. who is perhaps the fittest man in the empire for the post which he occupies, has the, support of the Chiurcha party, wfhile Baron Bruck has the support of the finaucial world. If Baron Bach quitted office the Papal Chair would lose one of its mosttrusty friends in Austria, and iE Baron Bruckl resigned his portfolio the premium on the precious metals would, in a very few days, be as hiCgh as it was a few months since. The MIinister of Finance has fewer enemies than the M1inister of the Home Department, but the latter has perhaps more inflnentialfriendi'. Most of the industrial undertakings are proceed-- ing satisfactorily, but there would be much to b'e said against the composition of somne Of the adniinistrative councils of the new conmpanies if there were not such a sad want of fitting men. The Wallachian Government has announced that it is willing to grant to the Transylvanians and N1. Louis von Haber a concession for a railroad from the Danube, by wayof Bucharest, to Kronstndt or Eermannstadt. The projected Transylvanian-Wallachian Railroad is that which will join the Theiss Railway at ATad. The holders of the D3anubian Steam Navigation Company's shares are gradually gettinc accustomed to the idea of losing their exclusive privilege, and some of them furmly believe that it would be no great loss if the "patent" were annulled. tTo e privileged COmany is under the iminmediate tutelage of Government, and, consequently, is obliged to *do mDany things which could neither be expected not reqtuired of a private establishment. During the war some of the Danubian Company's vessels were armed and others turned intohospitals, bat there is reason to beleve the itde'mification given by the State was very trifling. In the Southern Provinces (Styria, lCarniola, Illyria, and Dalmatia) the dislike to the concordat is increasing rather than diminishing, and such is saidto be the ease in all the Crown lands, excepting the' ' Tyrol and a part of GCllicia. The Chevalier de Czapka, the ex-Burgomaster of Vienna, who was deposed by the "sovereign people" when the revolution of 2848 broke out, has now been appointed Aulic Councillor and Director of Police. His nomination to such an important post is generally considered another proof of the determination of the Government to remove all traces of the revolution. It must be supposed that some of the " Charitable Brethren' (("BarmherzigeBrider")have expressed 'their intention to quit their convent, for the Minis- ters of the Home Department and of Ecclesiastical Alfairs have to-day published a rescript, in which it is said that Charitable' Brethren who leave their order and hospital and return to the world will not be allowed to practise as surgeons, but must give back their diplomas to the medical establishnents from which they received them. In other w-ords, the "brethren" may, if they please, become laymen, but care is tal;en that they shall not have the means of earning their daily bread. Austria has not at present one single shin>o' the line, but four commanders of frigates have to-Way~ been raised to the rk of " captains of ships of the line." SARDII'TIA. (nO-1r OUR OWN CORRsrONDENT.) TURIN, MAY 10. According to arrangement, the Senate met to-day for the purpose of discussing the motion of the Saw nator Massimo d'Azeglio approvinc tle ioreigni policy of Ministera. At the opening of the sitting' JM. d'Aeglio proposed the following miotion:- - "The Senate, convinced of the happy consequencee i hich may be produced by the Treaty of Peace, both for, civilization in general and for the re- establishment of oider and tranquillity in the Italian peninsula, and recognizing the lonourable Dart which the policy of the Government and the conduct of the SardinianPlenipotentiarieshbvehAi in these happy results> expresses its entire satisfaction." In a short speech in support of his motioiii M. .d'Azeglio said it was a decided progress of ci2vi lization and of the Italian question that it had beent acknowledged that Italy suffered unjustlv, and that the governed had also rights which had been recobg nized in a European Congress. -This is only wiat the Italian Liberal party has said for the last ten years. He desired to see the Sovereigns justtowards the people, who had in their turn been just towards
FRE.LYCH AD ENGLISH A TBICVLTUIBE. TO TEE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-The great international cattle show which is to be held at Paris in the end of this month, at which the breeds of nearly every country in Europe will be represented, and the recent announcement of a Government land drainage loan for France, attest the interest which agricultural improvement is at present exciting in that country. In Dgland wve have some reason to share in that interest, as France is becoming a competitor with us mnthe corn and cattle markets of the wrorld, the price of food to the English consunerbeing now enhanced by the simultaneous demand of English and French merchants at all the sources of foreign supply. The rapid development of agricultural improvement in England during the last five years has, notwithstanding exceptional circuimstances and seasons, donemuch to moderate the effects of this competition, but the latent power of the soil of France for increased productiveness far exceeds that of England. While investigating thiis subject I have met writh several points of striking distinction between the trwo countries, vrhich, with your permission, I wrill describe, in the hope that they may be not v;ithout some public interest, now that both countries are making a new start, vith an alliance we may trust more strongly confirmed than ever. There are certain circumstances of climate and population which cause an essential difference between the agriculture of France and England. The dry sunny climate of France is as much more favourable for corn as the moist cool climate of England is for grass and cattle crops. Jn France one-half of the adult population is employed in agriculture, while only one-fourth is similarly engaged in Eng,land. Hence the greater appropriateness of the small1 farm system to the one, and of the large farm system to the other. The main distinction between the agriculture of the two countries is shown by the different proportions in which the cultivated land is appropriated to the leading crops of both. While France has 53 per cent. of its cultivated land under corn, England has but 25 per cent.; but in grass and meadow, the natural food of live stock-, England has.50 per cent., and France only 22.* Though the proportions under corn in the two countries are altogether different, as well as the actual extent of land under corn, and the numbers of the population of each, the supply afforded by the agriculture of both countries to each individual of the population is very nearly the same, as is shown by the follow- _ "~ t'iE7 ._ To obtain necessary food for the people French agriculture thus employs twice the extent of wheat land which would be needed in England. And though the means differ so greatly, the similarity of results does not end here; for while the English import 5,000,000quarters of wheat annually, which, 2dded to their own growth, gives 71 bushels of bread corn for each individual of the population, France grows 3,000,000 acres of rye, which is nsed for bread, and will add about 2 bushels to the 5 of rheat, thus giving likewise 7i bushels of bread corn for each individual of the French people. So mnarvellouily do the results correspond with the necessities of the case, thoughthe means are totaly tiferent. By all authorities since Arthur Young the soil and climate of France are reckoned superior to England for corn. It cannot be in these, therefore, that we must look for the causc of the -nm ene - - ae ligures quoted in this lettr, in regazd to France, !I~ I fAretake=n n9x 1 veNnee,t difference in their relative productiveness, the wheat land of England yielding more than double the ! acreable produce of France. The caruse in my opinion, is to be found in the greater sources of manire that the. agricultural system of England affords. Every acre of corn land in England receives on the average the nanure produced from three acres of grass (such are the relative proportions of the land in grass and corn), while in France the manure from each acre of grass must he spread over two-and-a-half acres of corn lad. Or, to gve a more definite view of the different system; while that of England affords from its grass lands the equivalent of nine loads of manure to enrich each acre of corn, that of France yields little more than one load to each acre. Hence, no doubt the remarkable difference in the productiveness of the wheat land of the two countries. Now, the climate may forbid an extension of the grazing system in France; and, if so, that country is far more dependent for its fertility on a supply or artificial manures than we are. The corn land of France seems to be reduced to that state represented in this country by Mr. Lawe's 15 successive wheat crops without manure. Add to this exhausted soil 2cwt. of guano, and its natural produce of 16 bushels an acre rises to 24. A result of. a similar kind would most likely attend the same practice on the wheat crops of France. The margin for increase in France is so much greater than in England that a rise to 20 bushels an acre seems easily within reach, and, when attained, would still fall greatly short of the present average of England. Yet this average is, bythe whole amnount of the average produce of France (12 to 13 bushels an acre) below the reoular crops of the best cultivated English farms. while the average of France is to the average of England as 12i to 264, the average of England is to the average of the best English farms as 2(4 to 40. There is no principle in agricultuei more clearly ascertained than that the first increase of produce is more easily gained than any subsequent increasethat the facility of raising an average of 16 to 24 bushels an acre is mnch greater than of raising 24 to 32 bushels. There is more profit to be had by a good farmer in entering upon a good soil which has been badly farmed and comparatively unproductive than in following a good farmer who has already raised the produce and value of the land to its highest pitch of productiveness. That seems precisely the present position of France as compared with England. And, accordingly, the prospect of agricuiltural profit by improved farming is extremely favourable in France, and the steps necessary to realize this improvement are direct and simple. No agricultural refinements are needed here, such as a first-rate farmer in England must use to get a profit by adopting a practice in agricultural art which his predecessor had omitted. Wlre here find the soil in its natural state of 12 or 13 bushels an acre, and it is a simple question of the cheapest source of manure by which to raise that produce to 20 bushels. In England that increase has frequently been accomplished by the application of guano or nitrate of soda. To a very great degree the same resource is also open to the immediate adoption of France. But over an extent of 15,000,000 acres it is, of course, impracticable. The supply of these manures would fail were it even possible or advisable (which it is not) to excite such an immediate demand. The increasing demand for and price of meat in France points to a more permanent and better remedy. In England an increasing demand for animal food seems constantly to follow an increase of prosperity among the people. ft shows itself in the details of household expenses, where the expenditure of the lowest class of labourers is for bread in the proportion of 9 to 1 laid out in meat, butter, and milk, while that of the wealthy class is exactly reversed, being in the pronortion of 1 to 9. The increasing wealth of the people is thus constantly enlarging the demand for meat and dairy produce, the average price of which has doubled within the last 80 years, while that of corn has made little or no advance. This, as I pointed out in 1851, is the chief cause of the great attention whiclh is paid in England to the rearing and feeding of live stock aad to the management of pastures and green crops. The same process seems now to have begtun in France. The supply of meat is not equal to the demand. A necessity has arisen for enlarging the suphly, and in proportion as this branch of husbandry becomes more remunerative so will it extend over the country, and gradually re-adjust the balance by providing more ample sources of manure to the exhausted corn lands. Then will begin a steady advance in the average produce of the corn land. From 12 or 13 bushels an acre the rise will soon reach to 16 or 18, and, small though the figure may appear, even that increase would be a prodigious addition to the agricultural wealth of France. It would amount to nearly 10,000,000 quarters of wheat, equal to twice the annual importation of foreign wheat into England. The first step in the change will be the cultivation more extensively of roots and forage, as the food of live stock. According to M. Lavergne, there is in France a somewhat larger extent of land under fallow and roots than under wheat. Let a part of this, as in England, be made the preparatory crop for wheat. If manured with artificial manure, and cropped with a root such as mangold wurtzel, which is peculiarly adaDted to the soil and climate of France, this, with forage crops, wonld supply food for more than all the sheep and cattle thlat now exist in France. Abundance of food at all seasons would lead to early maturity, and, instead of sheep being kept till they are four or five years old, as was formerly the case in England and is still the case in France, they would be fattened in the- first or second year. A rapid increase of numbers would follow, and the prosperity of the French farmers would imperceptibly augment with a change of system which enabled them to send every year to market one-half of their sheep stock, instead of one-fifth. Within the last few years this change has been taking place with great profit in the richer parts of Ireland. There seems no reason to doubt that it might be followedwith equal success in France. It is more of an artificial system than the ancient one, and depends for its success on an ample provision of wiDter and summer food. But that is precisely what is contemplated by the change proposed, as the conslumption of this winter food forms the great source of manure for improving the wheat crop. If it isgcranted that the soil andclimate of France are at least as favourable for the production of wheat, mangold, and forage crops as those of England, and if M. Lavergne's estimate of the present produce of France is correct, the agricultural wealth of that country in wheat and livestock admits of immense increase. France has an advantage over England in a greater freedom from taxation on the Land and a more abundant supply of labour. But England possesses still the true cause of her sulperior productiveness,-greater demand for her produce and better markets. I abstain from any remark on the industrial crops for which the climate and soil of France are so well suited, and which fonn so large a source of agricultural wealth in that country, such as the vine, rape, tobacco, sugar beet, madder, the olive, and mulberry. I confine the comparison to those main crops whlch alike in France and England supply the bread and meat of the people of both countries; and in pointing out the striking disparity which exists in their relative productiveness and the means which appear to me to be the key to the future agricultural prosperity of France I trust I shall not be thought to have occupied your space unprofitably on a sub- ject whEich at present possesses a special interest from the approaching international show at Paris. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. JAMES CAIRD. e, mieantsw-mn, .Lemple, Aiay 10.
SArrORS' ORPHAN GnRLS' SCOOL AND HOMs.- On Tuesday the annual meeting of the governors of this .harity was held atHanover-square Rooms, Admiral Sir E. Lyons in the chair. The report, after expressing the comnmittee's sense of the loss which the institution had sustained bythedeath of thelarquis of Thomond, Sir B. Parry, and the Hon. Andmiral Percy, went on to state that, during the past year, at the presentation of the Royal Commissioners of the Patriotic Fund, 11 orphans, whose fathers had been snatched from them by the casualties of war, had been received into the institution at Frognal-house, Hampstead, and that 12 had been admitted by election out of 23 candidates. The total number at P resent in the Home was stated' to be 50. The chldren attended Christ Churcb, Hampstead, and were under the spiiitual care of the Rev. Mr. Bickersteth. The total receipts for the year, including 9084 10s. 7d. subscriptions and donations, amounted to 1,325. 9s. 10d., while the expenditure was 2,13514 5s. 2d. To meet this excess it had been found necessary to sell out stock belonging to the assets of the charity, which now only amounted to 2,6884. On the motion of Admiral Vernon, seonded by the Rev. 31r. Bickersteth, the ren4r ws adopted. The meeting was alsoe _ ddrewed by Mr. M'Gregeor, Lord PRadstock, and other gen. tiemen, vho forcibly advocated the claims of the charity antbe~athies of the charitable,
LAT REW T.- - - -- COUPRT OF QU EE'S BEWCIEL,GUMTXxT . MAY 14. ShIMPSON V. COLES. towing; va uanpo, oejor4 Afr. Ju4fcie YItE arnL CoMnjm n iuriut.) -ur. AL C;nambers, I,!., and Mr. H. JTanes appeared for the b ntiff; Mr. Lush for the defendant. lhYis was an action in which the plaintiff, Stephen Dummer Simpson, sought to reeover damages from the defendant for maliciously, and without probable cause, causing the plaintiff to be arrested under a ca. 8a., he (the defendant) well knowing that the plaintiff had a protection under the bankrupt law.. The defendant pleaded the general issue. It appeared the plaintiff had for several years dealt with the defendant, Henry Daniel Coles, who was a tailor in Finsbury-place North, aud having in the course of several years paid him in ill about 501.i he was inm the year 185. indebted to him in the sum of 331. 12s. The plaintiff had got otherwise enmbarrassed, and, being adjudged barirupt, and not satisfying the cormni6sioner, his examination was, on the Sth of February, adjourned sine die, though, his protection was continued. The defendant did not prove under the bankrapty, but brought an action for his debt, and, having obtained judgment, a ca. sea. was put into the hands of a sheriff's offieer to take the plaintiff in execution. This was not effected, until, by a series of artifices, the plaintiff was induced to come to the defendant's shop, which he did, in the early part of the present year, on the asrance that the defendant was about to gethim a situation. Hoe was there introduced to a sheri's officer, who seized him by the collar in a very rough manner. The plaintiff produced his protection, and the officer at once set him at liberty. In order to show that the defendant knew that the plaintiff bad a pro-, teetion, the plaintiff's wile was called, and she stated that some time previously to the arrest she had paid the defendant 101. on accolunt of her husband's debt, and that on that occasion, in answ;er to the defeadant's inquiries, she informed him that herhusband's exam ination w;as adjourned sine die, hut that he had got his protection. Mr. Luoi, in addressing the jury for the defendant, said it was very doubtful whether the action would at al lie, for the Bankrupt Law '(the 12th and lath of Victoria, chap. 106) did not say that a bankrupt should not be arrested, but only that, if he was arrested, he should he discharged on producina- his protection and givinx the officraop of it. Te.11thseetion enacted that"if anybanukrupt sall be, arrested for debt, or shal, aifter his surrender and while protected by order of the Court, be so arrested, he shall, on producing such Drotection to the officer who shall arrest him and giving such officer a copy thereof, be immediately dis- charged." Thatquestion,however, wouldnotariseinthiscase, i as he was in a position to negative the allegationin the declara- I tion that the defendant knew the plaintiff had protection. The defendant was called in support of this defence, and distinctly contradicted the evidence given by the plaintiff's wile on that point. Ele said he had been informed at the office of Mr. Pennell, the official assignee, that the plaintiffs ex;amination had been adjournled aine die, without protection, and this statemnent was confirmed by Mr. Hart, one of Mr. Pennell's clerkcs. Mr. Justice En.LE having summed up the evidencc, the jury found their verdict for the defendant. LEVITE V. LEDGERL Mr. Serjeant Thomas, Mfr. Pearce, and Mr. Prowett i appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Collier and Air. Hawkins for the defendant. Mr. Seajeant TnomrAs, in opening the case to the jury, said the plaintiff, Lewis Levite, -was a ballet dancer and harlequin, who sued the defendant, Frederic Ledger, the publisher and editor of the Era newpar, to recover damages for a libel published in that jo , on the .23d of March last, in an article which purported to be a report of a proceeding in the Whitechapel County Court. It would appear that the plaintiff was about to take a benefit at the Garrick Theatre, and had employed a printer named TiU to prit some bills; but some dispute having arisen about the bull, the printer sued the pLaintifflin the CountyCour for the amount. The case came on before Mr. Serjeant Mtanning, the judge, and, as the defendant (the present plaintiff) did not appear, the judge at onee made anorderforthepaymentofthe money. Not long after, the plaintifs attention was directed to an article in the Era newspaper of the 23d of March, in which he was exposed to the utmost ridicule. The article appeared in the form of a speech made by the printer, but the whole was a pure invention, for no such speech was made, as would be proved by the learned judge of the court who would be called as a witness. The article was calculated seriously to annoy the plaintiff, as the Bra was much read by theatrical people, and it had, in fact, exposed him to a great deal of ridicule and annoyance from parties who bad read it. It was impossible to say what the motive of the defendant was-whether it was a desire to injure the Garrick Theatre, or to gratify his spleen, or merely for the sake of profit, that he might sell his paper. But, whatever the motive might have been, it was a licence which ought to be repressed, and more especially as the defendant, when applied to, had refused to make any apology, or to express any regret for what he had published. The learned serjeant then read the article at length, observing that, according to the report, a very small amount of wit appeared to excite a good deal of laughter in the Whitechapel County Court. The article was as 'follows:- "TIE T PRsam-R's DEVIL A.ND THE HARELEQIuJ.-TiLL v. LEvITE.-This action was brought in the Whitechapel County Court by a funny little printer, of 22, Commercialroad East, to recover lt. 19s., for prnting 3,200 theatrical bills and admission tickets. The case caused considerable merriment. 'IMay it please your Lordship-ha ! hem, hem 1-I am the plaintiff in this action, and, as a theatrical printer of some experience, I ought to have guarded myself against being here. The defendant, Lewis Leviteinter nor, his right name is Levy, but, as there never was a distinguished star of that vulgar name, he has changed it, without Royal licence, to Levite. (Laughter.) l am thus articular, as if, when John Gregory, your officer, calls upon nun, he should find it convenient to drop his fashionable name and tnke up his old clothes. (Laughter.) Now, this distinguished man was the harlequin at that distingaished theatre, the Royal Garrick. (Loud laughter.) He appeared in the Northern Ip--an appropriate piece to his merits for cheating a printer. (Loud laughter.) On the 22d of January he had his benefit, and I printed his bills and tickets, but first tol& him it was to be a ready-money transaction. He asked me to wait until his benefit was over. " Catch a printer marryinga columbine," said I, "Ne,ne,myboy,itwillbe no benefit to meif I wait for a harlequin, so if you cannot stump up on delivery' favour the Queen's printer with your patronage, or, perhaps, the Mornzing Advnertiser would pull yout through." "'Cli, for the matter of that, Mr. Till," he replied, "see how low the funds are"-he meant the Garrick all the time-"and it would be a loss to sell out, but if I pay you ready money I shaU expect a discount." Tlis I agreed to, and when the printing was done I called "Ginger" as wide-awake a printer's devil as ever stepped into an office. "Ginger," I said, " you've cut your eye teeth, and the expedition you are now going on requires you to throw your bed away. (Loud laughter.) The gentleman whom this printing is for is a harlequin, and you know what slippery customers they can be if they like. Now, on. no pretence whatever do you let go of these bills until you get It. 19s. good coin of the realm." "I will try them all with my teeth first, sir," says Ginger. (Laughter.) To my alarm the lad did not return, and when I did get sight of him I found that Mr. Levite, assisted by some congenial spirits, had got the printing, andGinger had not bad the chance of testing theputy of thecoin. Itseemed, from Ginger's tale, myLud, that Mr. Lovite's heels eclipsed the honours of his head or the benefit tickets made him more lithesome than usual, for at one bound he jumped through the stage door and left my "devil" in wonderment, where he and my printing had flown to. Mr. Levite's benefit proved a bumper, no doubt, through my printing (laughter); and upon my calling the next day for my money, he gave me a note of hand and his address, 15, Fetter-lane. I find they know nothing of him at Fetter-lane, and I wish to my heart's content I was as happy as 15, Fetter-lane. (Loud laughter.) Now, my Lud, don't you think I am to be pitied-done by a harlequin? But it is al through ;Ginger.' (Roars of laughter.) The Judge.-' I shall make an order for it to be paid in a week with costs.' The printer and his ' devil' then left the court to test the harlequin's coinwith their teeth-when they get it." The formal evidence being given, Mr. Serjeant 3LXRMXG was called. He said, I am 'the judge of the Whitechapel County -Court;' I have no notes of the case of "Till v. Levite -" but I rec6llect-person-- named Levite being summoned by a printer. I don'trTe - collect whether the cefendant appeared. I believe I made; an order. I have no recollection of such a spedchla,be' made as that which has been read. ' - This was the plaintiff's case. Mr. COLLIER submitted there was no evidence to show that the article applied to the plaintiff. Mr. Cooper, the actor, was then caled. He said he understood the article to apply to the plaintiff Cross-examined by Mr. COLLER.-I have heard theplaintiff goes by the name of Jones, and sometimes by'that of Levy. He goes by a variety of names. I can't tellwithin half-a-dozen how many names he goes by. ' John Hudspeth said,-I am a comedian. I have known the plaintiff for 10 years. I saw him as harlequin a day or two before Christmas. I was on the stage. I have' read the article. I know it referred to the plaintiff. .1 heard him laughed at and ridiculed, and felt sympathy for him from the position in which he was placed. I found him' badgered by a set of people. Cross-examired.-He is a good harlequin; a good professional dancer. He can't go through a deal board; he can go through a trap. Mr. COLLR, in addressing the jury for the defendant, said he could not understand why the harlequin had not I been called as a witness. He had been in court aU the time, but as he was not called, the inference to be drawn was that he did not like to stand a cross-examination. It was an old saying, that there was but one step from the sublime to the ridiculous, and that was exemplified on this occasion by the learned serjeant's opemng and the caso which he had proved. Much had been said about the liberty of the press, and about its being prostituted for party purposes, or for purposes of spleen. But what was the party purpose to he served by this article 'What saleen was there to be found in this good-humou report? The article could not injure the plaintiff, who was no doubt a good harlequin, and it was a burlesque on the law of libel to call it a libel. One expresson complained of was, that the plaintiff was called a "slippery customer." Surely that was not libellous, but just the sort of compliment a good harlequin would it be a libel to describe an "eel" as slippery? The learned counsel said there was nothing at all in the article to injure the plaintiff in his profession, and, therefore, he called on the jury to find their verdict for the defendant. Mr. Justice ERLE, in sunmming up the evidence, said, 'his opinion was, that a writing turning a party into ridicule or contempt ought to be held by a jury to be a libel, Tho p aintiff's case was, that this article tended to lower hi in the opinion of his friends. The action was not brought for injury done to the plaintiff in his professional character, but for an injury to bim in the position in life to which he was entitled. The case was the same to judge and jury whatever the position of the parties might be;and his Lordship could not agree in an observation which had been made that the time of the Court was wasted in trying the cause. The article, though of a jocular ciaracter, was one'with which the plaintiff was likely to be annoyed; and he (Mr, Justice Erle) thought the editor might LAxve aditted-tbat it- had been-improvidently insested, aud expressed his regret. The y]initiff might be a harlequin ana a EaeriWsaofficer, but, still he uglht to have some moderate compensatio, to enable him to say that his rghts ad been protected.. The juy found. theirverdict for the plaintaiff-Damwageg, lo.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS. GUIaI.LL. 2UY 14. HAWKINS V. AI. tZtWOWS at yisVi Prinu, before Lord Chief Jusbttc Jxvis and Comnon Juries.) in's was an action brought to recover the value of a horse, alleged to hawve been klled through the negligence of the defendant's servant. - t Mr. Serjeant Dyles and Mr. :Bernard appeared for the plaintiff; and r. Serjeant Hayes and Mr. Holl for the deEendant. It appeared from the evidence of the plaintiffs driver and wtnesses that, on the 22d of October last, the plaintiff's van, which was in the employment of the Great Northern Railway Co-pany, was be'n driven ipas the- Diie of Wlf eLi n se-s statue at th e Royal Exschage, about half- -past 10 o'clock in the m or'n ,empty. A horse was fastened on behind, andthevanwa drivenabthe rate of five milesperhour. The street was much crowded at the time. The defendant's cart was com Ing up - Sing William-street, and the driver was driving carelessly, looking over his shoulder, and going at the rate of seven miles an hour, when the shaft of his cart came in contact with the plaintiff's horse behind the van, ran into it, and Idlled it. To recover the value of the horse the present action was brought. fi For the defendant, the witnesses proved that defendant's cart was going at the rate of three and a-half mailes an hour, that there was no room for the two vehicles to pass each other, that the plaintiff's driver whipped his horses round the statue, and that the horsebehind being suddenly chucked forward by the collar, which was pulled on his head, slipped and fell on the shaft of the defendant's cart. Hlis LORDSHIP, in summing up, - directed the jury that they must be satisfied that the accident was the fault of the defendant's servant, or the plaitiff could notrecover. If the accident arose from the negligence of the plaintifF's servants, or partly from their negligence, they must find for the defendant. The jury found a verdict forthe plaintiff-Damages, 15o
COURT OF EXCHEQUER. W;D2MESDAY. IT.AI 14 WVALL V. AIMM. VESttt"9 at ffiSl PriUs, before Mr. Baco2v 1EAITn, a Guildl)dl.) air. J osepis Brown and .lr. Douglas Brown were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. x Chambers and lMr. Joyce were counsel for the defendant. The plaintiff is a rag-merchant, and this was am action in which he sought to recover 271. Ss., the price of a lot of rags sold by him to the defendant, also a rag-merchant, for the purpose of being applied to hop vines as manure for which it appears that woollen rags are greatl sought after. The rags were sent into Klent 1y the plaintiff on the direction of the defendant for his customer, who on inspection disanproved them, and returned them, his objection being that they vrere a mixed lot of inferior quality andnsuited for the purpose of manure. Under these circumstances the defendant refused to pay the price agreed on with the plaintiff, and the question raised to-day wraswhether the contract kad been made by the defendant on personal inspection and approval of the samples, or whether it was made on a guarantee by the plaintiff that the rags were woollen, and were sub-ect to the approval of the customer in Eent. This issue having been very distinctly put to the jury by the learned judge, a verdict was without any hesitation returned for the plaintifffor the full amountof his claim. Verdict for the plaintif 271. Ss.
AD1MMALTY COURT. W:EDNsnDAY. MA&V 14. THE ZAUA.-SALVAGL (Before D%. LuSHmc.ToX) 1mUS was a suMs promoted by tlle steamboat Firefly, to obtain salvage remuneration for services rendered to the brig Miaza, off Sunderland harbour, on the night of the 3d of lT6vember last. The brig, timber laden, bound from Dantzic to Sunderland, was observed in the offing off the South Pier wVith a bright lght burning like that of a lighted tar-barreL Soon afterguns were Szed on board. .Aioult 10p.m., as stated by the salvors, she was found riding at anchor im deep water, not more than 30 yards distant from the shore, in a very dangerous position. From the state of the weather 1he owners of several steamboats refused to send them out; but ultimately the Firefly went to her aid. It was sometime before she could approachher, but, having at length got a rope on board, she towed her off into deep water out of danger, it being impossible to take her into harbour that night. These services, it was alleged, were rendered at great risk to the safety of the steamboat, and great peril to the lives of her crew. On the part of the owners all the danger was denied, and it wasassertedthat thebrig required no assistance beyond towage into the port. A tender was made of 501., which the salvors rejected. The value of the property salved was 2,8001. Dr. Bayford an d Dr. Deane appeared for the salvors; D3r. Haggard for the owners. The learned JunCin was of opinion that the brig was exposed to greater danger than her master was aware of; that the tender was utterly inadequate, and, therefore, must be overruled. He would allot 2501., with costs. THE JANET aUTCHELL.-S LVAGE. This was an action brought by the bark Mllen against the ship Janet Mitchell, to obtain salvage remuneration under the following circumstances :-The bark, on her homeward voyage from Ceylon, fell in with the Janet Uitchell in a state of distress, bound from the Mauritius to Falmouth with a cargo of suzar. After -bearing down upon her, it was ascertained thai the captain had been drowned, and that some one was required to navigate her. The mate of the Ellen volunteered his services, which were gratefully accepted, and the two vessels proceeded on their respective voyages, and reached their destination in safety. The owners of the Janet Mitchell gave the mate 200., and appointed him to the command of a vesseL The present suit was then brought by the owners, master, and rest of the crew of the Ellen. The value of the property salved was 29,7001. Dr. Bayford and Dr. Spinks appeared for the EUenDr. Addams and Dr. Deane for the Janet Mitchell. The learned JUDGE awarded to the owvners 500i. ; to the master, 300. ; andto the crew, who, he observed, had had little to do with the service, 2001. THE SAN SPIRIDIONE. This case came on for hearing on further proof. The San Spiridione was captured on the 11th of Mlay, 1854, by Her Mlajesty's ships of war Sidon and Fury, off the Sulina mouth of the Danube, laden with olive oil, and sent to Malta. A claim for the restitution of the ship and eargo was given in by Mr. W. S. Cool;son, of Lincolons-inn, on behalf of Giacomo Cuppa, who was alleged to be an Ionian subect, and as such under the protection of Her Britannic Mtajesty, though resident in the island of Mytilene. The QUEEN'S A DVOCArr, on behalf of the captors, said that the San Spiridione was well provided with colours, for though she was captured under the Ionian flag, yet she had on board Wallachian and Greek colours. There was found on board, but net until long after the capture, a set of concealed papers which showed the fraudulent nature of the transaetions comnected with the ship. A false statement had been made of the place of birth and the national character of the owner. The vessel was originally Russian, and so remained down to October, 1853, when. she became provisionally not an lonian, but a Greek vessel, and so continued until February, 1854, just upon the eve of the war in which this country had been engagd, and after war had broken out between Turkey and ussia. The vessel was captured in May, and no claim for restitution was given in until December, 1S54. The alleged owner had neither established his nationality, nor his title to the vesseL There was no proof that a singlepiastre had ever passed to the pretended vendor, or that the vessel was entitled to use the Ionian fag. Fraud as to the destination of the vessel had been resorted to, to obtain a provisional pass from the British ambassador. HIe contended that the ship and cargo were liable to condemnation. The ADMIRALTY-ADVOCwiTE followed on the same side. Dr. AnnMss, on behalf of the claimant, submitted that the principal arguments now employed to procure the condemnation of the property had been disposed of when the Court ordered further proof. The only question was whether the owner had established his nationality and his right to the vessel. The further proof was conclusive on the subject and he therefore prayed the Court to grant the claimant's prayer. Dr. TwIns will be heard on the same side on Saturday
.VQU% of BANKRUPTCY, BasngW-ercd, May 14. - N J-lll A. 31 <U.1ROLL. (,BcforC A2r7' Conmissioner FoN A QnE.) - Lno uanicrnpn was a misicatmnstrlment seller of Brighton. His7a=counts show a deficiency, in 154, of 1,S44t., presentilebts, 5,4801; assets, 2,4.531., including consignments to his son in Australia valued at 8037.. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. B,AG=, for the assignees, said, the banraupt had been 20 years in business, having previously been the bandmaster of the Ennisklllens. Being in receipt of an income of from 3001. to 4001. a-year as a teacher of music, he had, in August, 1853, visited Australia, talin w9ith him cash 3001. and four pianofortes of the value of -331. The pianofortes were said to have been sold at a profit of oO per cent., but the bankrupt was out of pocket 155o. by the voyage. The bankrupt then sent his son, only 18 years of age, to Aushalia, and commenced the consignment of pianofortes to him. The son had been invested with authonty to deal in other articles besides pianofortes, and amongthe purchases the young gentleman had made were potatoes and leeches. Remittances had been made from time to time in cash and other forms, but the result was the son was a debtor to the estate of 800c. Being a minor, the creditors were placed in a helpless position. The bankrupt had been living at the rate of 800S. a-year, and had expended 150l. a-year for four or five years in giving his son a military education at Sandhurst. The assignees felt that the consignments and the bankrupt's expenditure had been unwarrantable, but they had no vish to press for a suspension of certificate. Mr. LAWEANCE, without attempting to justify the bankrupt'sexpenditure, submitted that there were favourable features in the case. The bankruat had not waited to be sued, but had voluntarily placed himself in the hands of bis creditors full handed. The assets had realized 1,1197.; there had been a dividend of 4s. in the pound; and a sum of 220!. was in hand for a further dividend. The parties from whom the pianofortes were purchased, as consigned to Australia; knew their destination ; in fact, they sent them direct to the bankrupt's son at Sydney. The bankrupt's previous position of bandmaster had proved a mnjfortune. It had led to his incurring the expense of a military education for his son beyond his means. The bankrupt thought that, having some influence, he might aspire to his son obtaining a commission, and it miglti be =statedthat the son, since obtaining a commission, had risen a step during service in the Crimea. The bankrupt had daughters settled inlife * and it was creditable that, beyond giving his children an education, he had not gi.en them fortunes at the cost of his crediters. The onlygaft in this form was a pianoforte, of the vue of 30a.,to one daughteron her said, there was no trace of fraud, but there lad befn most improvident :adiug-without going to the extreme of -saying nmoss-reck-less_rading. The bankrupt hiad comraitted a grat fault in3 sending ot euch hrge consgnments to his son. He H thouglt. tha his time evey one knew that Australi&was overstocled with -xticlei of luxury. The expenditure of the bienkupt; both;- - eect -to himself and his son,h dnotlbe-waa-Pnte were not waTranted in educating their children at the-expense of their creditors. Theian lirpt's previouspostionmighthave: informed hini of the expenses of Sandhurst,, and he soon. foiind them greater than-his position authIrized. The domestic expenditure had been very large-more than 800b. a-year, for that sum did mot include- such- items as rent,i which were charged to the trade expenditure.: Considerinm that the bankrupt was in a deficiency, in 1854, of 1,800M, so large an expenditue had been most unwarranted. It was said that the bankrupt did not know his position, bhut no trader was entitled to say that he did not know his position. There had also been bad-booldkeeping. For these reasons, and giving the banrlupt credit for laving come tothe cour' full-handed, he could not award more than an immediate certificate of the third class. Brighton tradesmen must be taught to moderate their expenditure. D; R-E T. }EMhYAD. The banpt was a baker, of Islington. This was the examination meeting. 3fr. HIIUMPny (for the assignees).-There has been an alleged loss of 8OOM. in 15rmonths: My clients wish to know how a baker can have lost so much money in so short a time -they want to know what has become of their fiour? His HONOU2n-Yott may take andjournment.
POI;ICE. * 3N -z0Rosr.-Hugh Robert Roberts, a low, stout, red-faced man, who seemed to be labouring under ddeUriw tcrnzeni, was brought before Sir 112MY MUuGGx"s", charged w,ith having stolen a cloclk. The prisoner, in whos3 possession wrere found 6i2 duplicates, upwards of 20 of which were for coats supposed to have been stolen in taverns and coffeehouses, was said to be a person 'with whose face men of I business in the city arewell acquainted. Policeman 293 said-At 9 o'clock this morning I went to NTo.5, MJiddlesex-passage, Cloth-fair, and saw the pirisoner there, and asked nim if he bad been in Buckleraryon Thursday last. He said "No." Itold him Iwas a policeconstable, and that he must ao along with me on a charge of stealing a clock from theoc oe of Mr. Ber. He said he klnew nothing about it. I seareched his room and found the duplicate I produce in a pocket-book in his possession. -I produce a bundle of duplicates for a great variety of articles. The duplicates were all in his possession. I also found upon searching him the green shadel produce. The assstant to a pawnbroker produced a clock which had been pawned on the 8th of May by a man, but could not say that the prisoner was that man. The duplicateproduced by the officer corresponded vwith that which was attached to the article. J. F. Watt, clerk to M1r. Ber, advertising agent, of NTo. 26, Bucklersbury, said,-On Thursday, the 8th inst., the prisoner came to our office and asked to see Mr. Ber, fho was not at home. He then asked me for somne paper in order to write a mote, and he left the letter produced. I missed the clock from Mr. Ber's private office, into which I had admitted the prisoner, after he had left the houseand I have never seen the -Prisoner or the clock since untii this morning; I now identi?y both. Sir H. MuGGEsiDGE-Did you observe anything paticular about the prisoner at the time he called and wrote to your master? Witness.-He had a green shade over his eye. The prisoner, upon being asked whether he wished to ask any questions, shook his head. Sir H. MffuGoSERunmn said he wrould remand thti prisoner until Wednesday next, when he supposed a full attendance of the gentlemen who had lately lost coats, umbrellas, &c., would take place at the M1ansion-house. WES=1sTEL-lHenry Mitchell, eZias Lee, a notorious begging impostor, who assumed to have been a corporal in the Sappers and Mimers, was brought up on remand and placed at the bar before lr. ArtOxLp, charged with obtainng, by means of certain false pretences, from the Earl of Orkney, the sum of 30s., with intent to defraud his Lordship. He was also charged with obtinings. from MajorGeneralDarby, and 20s. from Mr. Brooking Soadey, under sirailar pretences. The prisoner, who has been several times summarily convicted, was sent for trial to the sessions. W&osnIp-sSeEnT.-Mary Casey, a- thin, slightly-built young woman, about 20, was charged with burglary. Christopher, a constable of the N division, said-I was on duty at half-past 3 this morning in the grounds of the Red Cow Tavern at Dalston, which is a part of my beat, and was walking beneath a wall which separates the tavern grounds from a small field belongingto the Female Refuge for the Destitate, when I was surprised at seeing a bundle drop close to my feet, and which bundle must have -been thrown from the other side of the wall. While stooping to look at the bundle I the next minute saw the prisoner mount the vall and scramble down the outside of it, which she did with great difficulty, owing to her then bulky size and the great distension of her dress. I did not at first interfere with either her or the bundle, but upon her picksig up the latter I stepped forward and secured both, and on asking her what business she had there at such an hour, she at first would make no answer, but afterwards said that the parcel contained wearng apparel which had been given to her by her mistress. I took her in custody to the station, and on reaching there we could hardly get her into the cell, from her great size; but, on afterwards searching her, her bulk was reduced to its Present dimensions by her being deprived of two thick lannel jackets, six flannel pettico.ts, and two cotton dresses, all of them Plt on and fastened on in the usual manner, besides her own clothin-, while inthe bundle were two other flannel petticoats, which she hadbeen unable to secure about her in the same way. Mrs. Anne Morrison.-I am assistant-matron to the Female Refuge for the Destitute, and can identify all the wearing apparel produced by the police as being the property of the trustees of that institutlon. It was all safe the previous evenimg in an open building where the dirty linen and clothing are kept, but how the prisoner got access to the grounds where the outhouse in question stands I cannot imagine. She was an inmate of the Refugeabonttwo vyears ago, wrhen she leftetogo to service, andthis is the first time we have seen anything of her since. The constable thought the ouly way in which the prisonercould have obtained access to the grounds was that by -which she left them,-scaling the brick wall; but the wall was described as a high one, and she must have displayed both agility and dexterity in accomplishing the feat The prisoner did not offer a -word in defence, and was committed till that day week for tne completion of the evidence. CLUxEBEwuELn.-Benjamin Allan Howard and Oscar Kingston, the twoA^mericans who stand charged with having committed several daring hotel robberies, and also with stealing 5Ob iu notes, the property of Mr. Staniland, a solicitor of Boston, Iancolnsinre, were placed at the bar. Mr. Robinson attended for the prosecution, and Mr. Lewis for the defence. Mr. Robinson, having gone over the facts, which have already appeared in this journal, called M Eizabeth Prosser, who stated that she resided at 29, Thanet-street, Burton-crescent, and knewHoward. On the llth of March he took a sitting-room and bedroom. She knew that a man named Branch used to call and see him in companywith another. If the other nnn was Kingston he had very much altered. Upon looking at him again she could say that she did not think it was Kingston. He was a much taller man. One of the warders of the House of Detention stated that he had seen Howard write, and that the name on the back of two of the 100l-notes was in his handwriting, Mr. John layberry, the chief inspector of police at Manchester, said that on the 16th of last month he was called to the Rtoyal Hotel in that town about a robbery that had been committed there. At about half-past 5 the prisoner Kingston was called up, and he entered his rcom. He told him who he was, that there had been a robbery committed in the hotel, and that he was suspected of beig the person who had committed it. He also told the prisoner that if he could show him that he was a respectable man he should feel very sorry for having put any questions to him. Kingston then said he was a merchant from Philadelphia, and had been living there lately. He then asked him if any one in Mfanchester knew him, and, upon his answrngi the negative,he inquiredforhisreferences inLondon, when the prisoner said-"I will answer no more questions, and I will make you suffer for commng into my apartments." He then took him into custody. A pair of tweezers, or what are technically known in the *profession" as outsiders," and a chisel were found in the hotel. He searched his luggage, and in a carpet-hag he found 130 gold American dolar pieces, 601. in Bank of lEngland notes, a gold watch, and a diamond ring. Mr. Robinson stated that was all the evidence he should produce that day, and asked for a further remand. Mr. Lewis, for the defence, contended that it was grossly unfair to keephis clients anylonger in custody. He should ask that they be at once discharged, or that they be sent for trial, so that the bills raight go before the grand jury this session, the prosecution having had plenty of time to complete their case. Mr. CORRiS remanded the prisoners until next Saturday. Among the persons who attended.to identify the prisoner was Mr. H. Goddard, formerly chief officer of the policeoffice, Bow-street, who it appears, in 1853, went to America to apprehend a fugitive bankrupt, and while at the Merchants' Hotel in Chichago, having in his possession about 800. in gold, he took the precaution before going to bed of placing his bedstead against the room door, and, not liking the appearance of the w indow, he put the washhandstand under the window, with the jug on the top and the basin underneath, so that, should any one attempt to get in, the jug would fall down and break the basin. About 12 o'clock lie heard some one at his door, but, thinking that they were travellers, he too',k no further notice. When he got up in the morning the person who accompanied him to America had been robbed. Upon going downstairs he saw several Americans, among whom were some like the prisoners, but he could not identify the prisoners as the men. TIL itES.-Silas Chapman, alias Robert Charles Chapman. was brought before Mr. SELFE charged with unlawfully and feloniously internarrying with Harriet Hannah Philpott, a widow, while his first wife, Hannah Woolner Chapman, was living. Mr. Joseph Smith, solicitor, defended the prisoner, who was charged at this court some time ago - witi violently assaulting his second wife, who was then in a very weakly condition. A surgeon who attended herin her illness was of opinion slow poison had been administered to her in frequent doses. The prisoner was remanded by Mr. Ingham. and on the second examinationthe wife did not appear, and two surgeons signed a certificate, stating that the illness of am I!r.Ca an was not .caused by poison. The prisoner was con sequently dis ch argedc'. Mr. Crawford, clerk to Mfr. Wontner, solicitor, in opening the case, alluded to the former prosecution, and said the woman who was now the prosecutrix adhered to the belief that frequent doses of Ioison had been administered to her. The unfortunate woman had been much all-used since the parties were last before the court, and the prisoner had held a carving-knife over her and theratened to Cllt herhead off. Mrs, Eleanor Nears, a widow, of Magdalen-street, Nor- w ah,d ahe-was-prement- at -he -Inarrage-of iher- Siter, I Hannah Woolner I'lumsted, to the prisoner on the 28th of l ,farcb, 1839, at St. Clement's Baptist Chapel, Norwich. She sAw her sister alive lat Sundar. I In cro6ss-x ition by Mr. Smith She witnesw Wd the prisoner abandoned her siser about six years aPO anc went to London. - Her siter gave birth to a cdil thre years ago, and theprisoner Eaid it was not hjis. Hersist6rhad *been in various situations in Norfolk ad Suffolk, aud was now.-livimg inBethel-street,Norwicii. Her isterladltely heard from the prisoner. They heard of .the prisoner some months since, when he charged with assaulting Ana attempting to poison his 'wfe. e saw the reportof the eca inthe newspere. : - The second wie, a, respectable and i'ntelligent woman, about35yearsof age,was tensworn. Shecalled herself HarrietTHannah Chapman, andsaidshe was marriedato the oner at A church in Bishopegatestreet, in the city oE Iondo-n onthe 13th of Mar, 1853. Hetldher hels a bcheor,andcaledhimelfRobrtCharlks Chauman. Thecqr had since been keeping the Britannia Coffee-hoise adjoining LimehousweChurch. She was a widow.when she married the prisoner, and had agood house of furniture and a lttle icome. Sinceher manage tohe.pnsle bad hinted to her on several occasions that he had been :married before. She had charged the prisoner -with musing her on several occaions. Dr. Giles, of Poplar, who attended her, saidherhusband administeredpoison to her,.andaaeport of the case appeared in the~ newspapers. She aftervwards beardthe pnsoner was maried, and intercepted} a letter from his first 'wife. ln cross-examin ation by r. Smith, the witness said that r. Buchanan, of the Commercial-road, rwho was sent for afterher husband's firat examinxtion for the assault, gave a certificate that she was not labouring under the effects of poison. That was after she had beeneffectually relieved by Mr. Giles. She consented to withdraw from the prosecution because her husband promised to belhave to her as a husband ought to behave to a faithful and industrious wife, but he had not done so. She tasted no solid food for five weeks before she charged the prisoner with assaulting her. That was owing to the effects of the poison. She entirely lost her appetite. She was not in the practice of drinlkng spiits and-waterto excess. Mr. Smnith.-You look very well now, -Mrs. Chapman. Witness.-I am very gLad of it. I was bad enough when I vas here before. I never expected to live... The certificates of the two marriages were. putin. The prisoner was described as Silas Chapman in the certificate of the first marriage, contractedat Norwich on the 28th of March, 1839, aad as Robert Charles Chapman in the certificate of the second marriage, solemnize at the church of St. Botolph, Bishopsgate, on the 13th of March, 1853. Christopher lloyd, a police constable, No. 297 K, stated that he took the prisoner into custody on Taesday night, at the Britannia coffeehonse in Limehouse. The prioner saidthere was only one point he caredabout,-thathe had married his second wife in a wrong name, And if witnes could get him out of it he would give hidm a 51. note. In cross-examination the liceman said that the prisoner told him that his first wifead beenabsent from hiM seven years, and he believed she was dead. Theprisoneralso said that his wife had had a cldld by another man. He heardXr. Smith say to the prisoner, "A Admit nothing, andhold yourtongue." Mr. Smith.-I did say so. Mr. Snins said he should commit the prisoner for trial,. but would take baiL Mr. Crawford said the life of the prosecutrix ws in danger, and her husband had threatened to stab her. No bail was offered for the prisoner, and he was committed to Newgate for trial. LAAMETHL-Mr. Charles Robinson, a surgeon in practice in St. MAry Ie Strand-place, Old Kent-road, was placed at the bar before Mr. EL]OTr on the folowing chare. Acting-Inspector Frazer, of the P division of polioe, stated the nature of the charge, and from his representation it appeared that about 10 o'clock on that morning the prisoner carried a woman out of the Prince of Saxe Coburg publichouse in the Old Kent-road, and, placed heal in a hors.trough in front. The woman was taken out of the waterin a state of insensibility bya witness present, and some persons who had witnessed the prisoner's conduct, feeling indignant at it, gave him into the charge of a constable. Fraser hero handed to the nmanistrate a certificate of the then state of the woman, of which the following is a copy:- I certify that Harriett Jordan is suffering from the effects of being put in a horse-trough partially filled with water, and is unaEle to appear at the police-court. I adviseher immediate removal to the wor?khouse. "JOHN T. GPnrrrHs, Surgeon, Peckhan." JohnNewman, a carman, residing at Notting-hill, said hewas passing at the time, and took the woman out of the trough. Thomas Willett, another witness, said he saw Newman remove the woman from the trough, and heard the prisoner say he had put her into it. The prisoner, in reply to the charge, said that morning he was at the Saxe Coburg public-house, speaking to the landlord, when the woman came there. The landlord said she was a perfect pest and nuisance to himself and other publicans in the neighbourhood, by calling for liquor and not paying for it, and he wished, he said, he could find some Lerson to put her in the horse-trough, as she deserved.. Up~oa[the impulse of the moment, and without giving the thing the slightest thought or reflection, he (Mr. Robiuson) said he should do it. He then took her in his arms and placed herin the trough, but not with the slightest intention of doing her any harm besides a mero ducling, to act as a caution to her for the future. Mr. BriaoTr remarked that his conduct was most im-- proper, and ordered him to find two sureties in 10!. each, and to be bounid himself in 20!., to appear on a future day, when the woman would be enabled to attend to meet thecharge.
THR EAST ITDIA COMPANy. PMNSION To THE MARQUIS OF DALHOUSIE. yesterday, at -12 o'clock, &special court of the proprietors ,of the East India Company -was held at their house in Leade fl-sree-to take into consideration and confirm. Or otherwise a resolution passed by the Court of Directors *a the 25th of April, granting a pension of 5,0001. a-year *'ut of the revenues of the comapany to the marquis of1 Dalhousie, as a mark of their deep sense of the great ~ibility, extraordinary zeal, and untiring energy displayed, by that distinguished nobleman in all dopartments of the government during his tenure of -office as Governor-General of India. Colonel Sykes, the 'Chairman of the Court of Directors, presided. The at'tendance of the proprietors was unusually large, and the subject gave rise to an animated dlebate. The SEcnam&suY read the resolution passedl by the Court ,of Directors on the 25th ult., ats follows :- ItResolve-d by thLe ballot,-TIsat, on a ieview of the adminis-tration of the affairs of India by the Mfarquids of Dalliousie, K.T., during the eighst years of his Lordship's tenure vof the office of Governor-General, this Court desire to record their deep sense of the great ability, of the ext-raordinary zeal, and untiring energy displayed by that distinguished nobleman in all delmrtments of the Indian Governtmuent. That thae Court desire more particularly to acknowledge the eminent merits of that statesman, as manifested in the conduct of the waLr which was forced upon the B3ritish authorities by the unpro-voked outbrealc of the Sikh Sirdars andl their miHltary followers in the Punjab; in the systema ,of administration fr-amed by him for the territories acoquired at t-he conclusion of that war,-a system grounded on the mnost enlightened principles, incorprating the best andl most recent improvements in Indian administration, and which has already produceda the most striking results in the inicreasedI prosperity of those territories; int superintendling and diirecting the measures taken during, and oo2iseqnuent on, the war with Burmah ; in the arrangements made by him for the good governmnent of the territories of 'Nagpore, after their lapse to the British Government - in placing the government of Ouide upon a basis calcuitted to insure peace and, lrosperity to the inhabitants of that important territory, in which for so long aaperiod anarchy andL insecursy oflifeand ropety p evald in his rmeasures for ~dvnceaen o th naivs o Iniaby extended means of ,education. That, as a special mako the sense entertained by the East India Company of the eminent services thns rendredby he arqus o Dabouie,an annuity of five thousnd ~n~~~001),commecingfrom the day wthen he esinedtheoffce f Gveror-eneal,be granted to his lorshi, sbjct o te ancionufthe General Court of I'rorietrs nd te aprobtionandconfirmiation of the Boar ofComissiner fo theAfiirsof India." The resolution was signed by the whole Court of Directors, -with one exception. The CiA-iRmAN; said,-Gentlemen, -you have heard Tead the resolutions submitted to you for Pour aPproval by the Court of Directors, prPopoing to confer on t-he late Governor-General an annuity of 50001. per annum in grateful testimonY Of the services of one of the ablest maen who ever administered the OGovernment of the British Emapire in India. (Cheers.) Amid the various ~changes wvhich have of late years been maade affecting the East India Company, they still possess the power, subject t-o the Board of Coimnissioners, of -xewardi-ng the eminent public services and zeal of their servants, and you are now invited, in conformity 'With numnerous precedlents, to the exercise of that power. By suaccessive resolutions of the Court of Proprietors, pensions ,of greater or less amount were granted hy this Company to, among others, Lord Olive, Lord Cornwallis, the marquis of Hastings, Lord Wellesley, Sir Henry Pottinger, Pollock, Knott, Lord Hlardinge, and Lord Gough. In reference to those distinguished predecessors of Lord Dalhousie, it will be asked whether the merits and results of his administration bring him into their category of having establishedI a claim upon public gratitude ? and it is now mny duty, from the office I hold, to lay before you, in the mostb succinct manner which the crowded events of the deepest interest of Lordl Dalhsousie's administration wfi permit, the grounds for thxe resolutions which are now submitted for your approvaL In the first p lace, British territory has be en greatIy extended ; on the western anld on the easternt side of our old possessions, and isn Central Idaking-doms .have been added ; the Puinjab, of ancln'renown, has been the scene of British military glre,which throw those of former conquerors into the shade-"1lo-ries which were increased, after the forbearance of Lord Uardintge, by therevolt of Moolraj, and subsequently of the Sikh army. Pegu has multiplied our resources and has added to our strength by diminishing- the means of aggression possessed by a power long seeking to employ them for our detriment; and the iongdom of 2\agpoor, which was Wrenched fromt the Mlogul empire in its decline by the Mahrattas, has fallen to us by the extinction of the family Of its princes. Hero, as in the Punjab. forbearance was shfown. In the Malbratta war o 1S1.7 the conduct of the Ptajah occasioned the conquest and forfeiture of his domiinions ; nevertheless, the famiily was restored, anid it has now died out. The kdingdom of Oiide has been brought undler British rule. The long-continued cries of outraged humanity have at last compelled the removal of that dis-g-race which the guarantee to insure good government has attached to the British name in tolerating for more than half a century a state of anarchy andl niisrnle' which was fatal to the peopie and dangerous to us. (Hlear, hoar.) Formcer Governors-General had given solemn buit ineffectual waring toth ruersin ud; bt LrdDalhousie was the aiatocaryqutitheedieate ofl sotidejs.Thfieand soundpouitys oHa.)Ta thes cesn o trasero uhritor ha aolos benacetal nThoe t h people, but to. the chi5fs is testfe bynthe facetat itna heon6 .ffcte witouthavngtohedon Nagpore, less tribute .. 410,000 OudEe --... .. ..1,450,000 Sattarah - -. . ..150,000 Shansi --. . .. 50,000 From Hyderabad --.00,00. Total - £4,3.3iN 0,000 , (Cheers,.) But, if the genius of Lord Dalhousie was eminently conspicuous in condlucting wars, not less so was it in 'originating, arranging, or consolidating those institutions which advanice social progress and promote the growthi of agicutural and conmnercial prosperity - (Hear, hear.) The veryenueraionof te mltiudiousinstances in which he bougt hs vioros itellct ntooperation for such objets oul oeupyinfnitly oreof your time than you mght e dIsosed to gat ome. I will, theefoe, imi myelfto cocis noiceof some of Lord Dalhusi's osteminnt ahors.Hisbenevolent mnind has constantly had in v,iew the amelioration of the physica condition of the people; and works of irrigation, to secure them from the disasters of dIrought, he considered to have the happiest effects towards that, end. The Ganges Canal, the greatest Work of the kind which the -worldI has yet ever seen (hear, hear), was Projected before Lord Dalhousie assumed the govemrnment of India, and 170,0001. had been expended UponL it; ye, so important did he consider its eaarly compl(etion, that, although encumbered -with wars and a ceaseqjuent heavy drain on the finances, he devotedl 1,250,000?. to its Pro ess; and on the 8th of April, 18-54, he had the TaIppiness to see opened this prodigious worlk, unequalled among the efforts of civilized nations (hear, hear),-extending for a length of 52.5 miles, with an extreme breadlth of 17 0 feet, and average depth of 10 feet ; when the branches shall he finished it will extend atbout cOO rmiles, and the area that may ho irrigated fromn it will not he less than 1,470,000 acres. (Hear, hear.) Another gigantic work is the Baree Doab Canal, in the IPunjab, now an proress;itwl be navigable, and, withi its branches, ,extend for' 465 sailez. It must suffice to addI to these the Mooltan, Derajat, Cis-Sutlej irrigation, and Behsar canals, all in progress or imnproved. At Madras, the magnificet ancient bridge acrossthse Godavery, and those across thierivers Coorg, Ravee, Pennair, Palar, and Kristna, alifor irrigation purposes, are either finished or in Progress. Scinde also has .had attention paid to its irrigation by means of canals. It is quite impossible to parti'cularize the nunsierouis other puablic Works, civil and military roads, bridges, gaols, and barracks, &c. ;butanidea maybefo-rmned of tYir vast extent and importance by the Public Works' budgets of the last three years, 1SS5-6 inclusive. The outlay in 1853-4 was 2,525,000?. ; in 1854-5, 2,997,5001.;- and by the budget of 2S55-6 an outlay of 2,474,8211. is authorized ; inaking a total of 7,097,321?. Here is a total politic Outlay exceeding the whole of the deficiencies of revenue during Lordl Dalhousie's administration-deficiencies which every well-wisher of the future prosperity of the people of India will not for one romen regret. To carry ouat these great works syste- matcalyandunerproper supervision, Lord Dalhousie ha~bihda distnct dePartment at each presidneny. orn-a osner-1 gret-wrk Lord - Dabui ha p_ eant -teto-viz., the electric telegraph, anad the carrying out a system of railways. (Hear, hiear.) In November, 1853 the telegraph was commenced in Calcutta, and on the 24tlg Of -March, 1854, by the untiring energy of Dr. O'Shauighnessy, a message was sent to Agra, a distance of 800 mies (hear, hear) ; and by the Ist of February, 185,within 1.5 mnonths, the three presidencies were brought into communication over 3,050 miles of space, and the lines are now in working order over 4,000 miles, crossing 70 principal rivers, -at a cost only of 500 rupees a-ie Cheers.) Alt'houghi t'he railways in India are being carried out by private capital, and by the servants of the respective companies, lord Dalhsousie is the author of a com.prehensive plan for a sy-stem of r ailways for the Indian empire;~ and to hiis hearty co-opera-tion the railway cmais are indebted for their faclites n ettng and adfo evryencour-agement in proectin teirwoks (Har her. Lrd Dailhouie's refom o thepes-ofce as gvento rndiatcheap p losae ins tpeen etr scnee from Capeitosoin toia or fro India to its destination ina Ea"nland, for sixpence. The gross revenue of India, durnn" Ix,rd Dalcsesadmninistrationl, has risen from 26,000' 00oo. strling to about Sooo 000!00. in the present year. He found a large aDnnual delcacy in 1847-S and 1848-9, but mn the four succeedinir years he bad a surplus. In 1853-4 began the 3 mjpfi'ei system of improvezment in the constructon cenli w~orks, and with it a6 consequent surplu hrg u~t Public -net deficienc-y during his administration, as is ashow.n as the fIai statement, was only 6,18.5,1171. and the byt qthe for public works inx the last three years were 8,007,3211., it is evident the oriayreeuso the Inhian emapire w,ere not only amnply suifficient, and more than safficient, to cover ordinry, but even war charges, and only failed when the systera o public works began.- i SURPLUS OR DEyciSCey oS LNmi" REviuE, (Ln- CLIDING HOME EXPrMqD1JTUg) FOR TIEE LAST EIGCHT Surplus. Deficiency. £e £ 1848-49 ... ... - 1,473,115 1849-50 ... ... 354,337 - 1850-51 .... 415,866 - 1851-S2 ... . 531,265 - 1852-53 ... ... 424,257 - 1853-54 ... ... - 2,044,117 186{ 55 1,4,1 (parlestirnated) I . -2,471 1855-56 A18A)}* (estimated) . - },850,000 £1,725,725 £7,910,942 1,725,725 £6,185,217 Among Lord Dalhousie's financial arrangements it must not be omitted to notice his conversion of the o per cent. debt into a 4 per cent. debt, by which above 300,0001. per annum was saved. (Hear, hear.) The raising-the intellectual cond&tion of the people of India has been an object of the most earnest attention to Lord Dalhousie. He has established a department of public instruction at each presidency. He has vigorously and liberally promoted the establishment of schools, both Eeuglish and vernacular, colleges for general science and literature, colleges for practical engineering science. That of Roorkee is fast approaching to a state of efficiency that will soon afford an ample supply both of Europeans and natives as scientific assistants in the department of publie works and other subordinate branches of the public service. 'The formation of museums, art societies, and lending libraries, has been encouraged, and here I cannot deprive myself of the pleasure of mentioning a fact characteristic of his benevolence and li'erality. Ahc late Mr. Bethune, the law member of the Supreme Council, under almost insuperable difficulties established a school for the education of girls of the better classes. At his death it would have fallen to the ground, but Lord Dalhousie took it under his protection and supported it at his own expense, until all schools were brought within the Departmuent of Public Instruction. ButI mnust limit myself to the bare mention of the names of the other multitudinous objects to which Lord Dalhousie's enlihlitened mind was directed-the resources of lndia,-cotton, tea, iron, coal, forests, agriculture, the improvement of ports, and the navigation of rivers, inland steam navigation, the suppression of suttee, thuggee, female infanticide, iferiah sacrifices, improvement of tEe condition of the European soldier, care of cadets, preservation of the ancient monuments of India, dispensaries, vaccination, silk, merino, sheep, &c. In short, nothing appears to have been too great, nothing too miinute for the grasp of his enlightened and vigorous mind. (Cheers.) But it may be alleged that increase of territory, increase of revenue, and even great ameliorations and improvements in the internal admimstration of India, do not necessarily involve proofs of the vell being of the people-that ta:xation may still press unduly upon theni; that their industry may be Iauguishin- and that their social condition may be unsatisfactory. In the absence of the testimony of the people themselves, vwe may avail ourselves of such aids as offer, and, as indications of the industrial energy of the people, we may look to trade returns, shipping, &c. We have proofs from the returns of the extternal commerce of India, that for many years past the industry of the producers has been so active that a balance of trade in favour of India has gone on increasing from year to year. In the five years from 1849-50 to 18534 this balance amounted to more than 40,000,0001. sterling. and last year alone it was above 8,000,0001. Apparently, in consequence of European manufactures bein- little suited to the tastes or wants of the people of India, it Lsas been found necessary to liquidate this balance of trade chiefly by bullion remittances; and in the last 30 yeara about 64,000,0001. sterling in silver were sent to India, of which about 50,000,0001. never left the country again. lNearly 43,000,0001. in silver were taken to the British mints in India by private iiidividuals and converted into rupees, and the Government of India recoined more than 22,000,0001. sterling of old rupees, so that at the present moment there must be 66,000,000. of sllver in possession of the public. (Hear, hear.) With these inductions of progressive industry and increasing wealth, we turn to the shipping returns of each Presidency during Lord Dalliousie 's administration, and we find them confirnatory of the preceding facts. The tonnage has been nearly doubled at each Presidency. I will not take up the I time of the Court with details, but state the final results for all India. The numnber of ships have increased, from 1845-6 to 1852-3, from 3,953 to 5,84G; and the tonnage, from 1,297,124 tons tol,976,405. Thesearethe latest returns, but the same progress is, no doubt, continuing; but itmaystill he alleged that these indications of prosperous industry exist under the pressure of severe taxation, and I have thought it right, therefore, to inquire into the fact, and the following are the results :-The whole taxation of India, viewed as a capitation tax, is 4s. 7Ad. per head; it varies verylittle under the different governments, except at Bonbay, where it iss. 7.'d. Theaveragelandtaxisonly2s.5.d.perhead and the pressure is almost identical in the north-west provinces and the Madras Presidency. These results, considering the extreme cheapness of the means of subsistence, demonstrate that the people of India cannot be pauperized by the pressure of taxation. (Hear, hear.) And now, gentlemen, although I have not reviewed a tenth part of Lord Dalhousie's labours, through a period unusually protracted, at the request of the home authorities, I trust I have stated suffidient to insure your admiration, your sympathy, and your gratitude. (Cheers.) Broken down in health, as he is, by ceaseless work for the public good, I cannot refrain from quoting the touching words with which he took leave of the INhabitants of Calcutta:-" I have played out rmy part (he said), and wvhile I feel that in any case the principal act in the drama of my life is ended, I shall be wel content if the curtain should drop now upon my public course. (Hear, hear.) I am wearied and worn, and have no other thought or wish than to seek the retirement of which I stand in need, and which is aU I now ain fit for." (Hear.) Gentlemen, how much soever bodily infirmity may be Lamented, we have to wonder at that unimpaired inteUectual energy which is bright and effective to the last. In his temporary reDose let him have the solace of your unreserved andhearty approval, as testifed in the resolutions in which you are invited to concur, and let us hope that at a future pecrid, wvith renewed health, his powverful intellect may happily again be made avaUlable for the good of his country. (Loud cheers.) The Chairman concluded by moving that the resolution of the Court of Directors be confirmed. Mlr. MASGLES, HI.P., one of the directors, seconded the motion. Mr. Lnni?S said, in the general encomiums which the chairman had passed on the manner in w,hich Lord Dalhousie had discharged his duties he entirely concurred; but he conceived his Lordship had performed no services so great as to demand remuneration beyond 25,0001. a-year. (Hear, The noble Lord had set an example of asiduous labour, not only to those who might succeed him in his high offlce, but to the whole world; hut there were circumstances connected with his government which entitled it, in many respects, to a very different construction from that which had been put upon it by the Chairman and the Court of Directors. The hon. proprietor proceeded at some length to contend that the prnuciple of annexation on wvhich Lord Dalhousie had acted was opposed to the views of some of the greatest men who had ever taken part in the government of Indis, including, among others, Lord Mountitewart Biphinstone, Sir Thomas Mfunroc, Sir George Clerk, Sir John Malcolm, and Lord Ellenborough. H:e added that his owvn opinion was, that that system of annexsation had created a feeling of dissatisfaction and distrust from one end of India to the other, and he seriously apprehended that in the end it would lead to the loss of our empire there. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Wr. s. SsvOx- KAnr, of the Bengal civil service, said, lhe must claim the privilege of addressing the Court on the subject of Lord Dalhiousie's admiinistration, as he thought he had some right to be heard, for, while most of those gresent had only read of or heard from others wvhat Lord valhousie had done in India, he was enabled, by the position he had the honour to hold under his lordship's government, to observe the marvellous ability, energry, and success with which he applied the principles wrhich he had learnt in one of the best of English schools to the mastery of all the great questions whichI affected the welfare of India, not only in their important bearings, but even in their minutest and most intricate details. Personally he owed nothing to Lord Dalhousie, for he attained the position lhe held before his L,ordship's arrivalin India, and he virtually held the same position until he §5fr. Karr) quitted India twvo years ago. Hse should confine has remarks to the foreign policy, the financial policy, and the home policy of Lord Dalhiousie. His lordship wvas charged w ith having ann exed four different kingdoms, hut he (Mr. Karr) contended that the grounds of anne-ation were different in each instance and ought to be differently considered. (Hear, hear.) As to the policy of annexzation, he was aeware that he had aanthman array of great Indian names, which they honoured and revered, includin" that of the venerable historian of British India, as wlvil as that of Sir Thomas iMunree and several others. But he believed many of the opinions of those emiinent inudividuals or. the subject in quetin er mrey watth lwyrscaledobtedgoa question were merely 'what the lawyers called obiter dtcta; he doubted whether they would have always maintained those opinions as stoutly as they did in the first instance - and he could not but think that they would have changed them with the clhanging circumstances of the empire. (Hear, hear.) With respect to the annexation of the Pnnjab, the Court well knevw that, after the first Punjab war, the experiment which Lord Hardinge had tried of settingup an independent native State entirely failed. In 1848 two young officers, sent there for a peaceable purpose, were murdered by Moohraj, and the inhabitants rose in rebellion everywhere and defied our troops. After the army had done its part boldly and well in putting down the rebellion, Lord Dalhousie came well and boldly to do his. Snfflce it to say, that roads were constracted, great canals commenced, an uniform coinage substituted for no less than 60 different coinages, violent crime put down and simple rules for the admrinistration of justice promulgated; and he (Mr. Karr) believed that life and property were now as secure and justice was meted out as speedily on the banks of the five rivers as they were at this moment in MIiddlesex or in Kent. (Cheers.) He turned next to the province of Pegu. He was fully prepared to admit that it miglit have been a debatable question whether it was an absolutely wise policv to go out of India and annex a country inhabited by a different race, speaking a different language, and having no particular connexion with the other native ingdoms in India. He admitted that it might have been desirable to have sought reparation for the injuries inflicted on two of our subjects by some other means (hear, hear)', but, still, Lord Dlalhiousie thoughtthat he had taken the most effectual steos to obtain redress from the King of Burmah;* and they weald'Iall recollect that the KinDg or his agents had caused to be imprisoned or ill-treated two British subjects, who were not officials in the service of the Government, but free trders, representing that commerce of which we made a boast, and which we thought it our duty to protect. (Hear, hear.) He believed that Lord Dalhousie was the reverse of anxious for a war with Burmah aud that he thought he had taken the best means to induce the ling to grant the reparationwhich was sought. It must be allowed that the province was now increasing iD, prosperity, and that in the third year of its annexation it had already yielded a surplus of revenue, to the disappointment of Lord Dalhousie's enemies and to the actual surprise of his friends; and he (Mr. Karr) had little doubt that, in a few years, under the administration of the Esat India Company, the delta of the Irrawaddy would become as fertile as the delta of the Ganges, and that a new Calcutta might arse at Rangoon. (Hear, hear.) Ho came now to the case of Nagpore or B6rar. The annexation in that instance arose from a simple failure of heirs. The State itself had no particular claims on our forbearance. It had no clain on the score of antiquity, for the great Mobratta houses were hardly two centuries old. It had sone on the score of good faith and affection, for it had twice defied us in the open field. It had none on the score of good governnent, for the only time when the cotuitry was well governed was under the direct administration of the late Sir Richard Jenkins, whose name was stiU held in rteful remembrance by the people of that oontry. Tlehon. member (Mfr. Lewin) seesned to doubt whether ;my instance was known in weich the inhabitants of a native State had expressed a desire to oome under or rule. (Hear, hear.) He could tell him one instanoe, which fell nuder his (Mr. Karrs) own notice. He well remembered how, four years ago, before the illness or death of the Rajah. of Nagpore, a band of more than 1l0 men camne at a deadly season of the year from a distance of 30* niles, through a pestilential country, to demand fromi the British Government the redress which theycoldd nobtain from their own landholder, nor from the Government of which that landholder wasthb subject. He couldwellremember the anx;ious andindignantinquiryoftheirchiefspokesan, who askedhow long the East India Company would permit tyranny to continue, and why they did not extend tothe poor of other countries in India the benefits of the Company's rule ? (Hear.) He turned Lastly to the country of Oude, which was annexed simply because the misgovernment was such that the Company could not permit it to continue any longer. It was dicult fully and accurately to describe the misrule of that unhappy country. He would only say, thtt a band of robbers overran the territory, that the landowners were in the habit of suffering whole tracts to rin waste in order that they might surround themselves with an impenetrable jungle, and set tho King's troops at defiance. Life and property were fearfully insecure, and justice was bought 'with rarity only because there were few people with money to buy it, and few things wvhich it was worth their while to buy. He had heard elsewhere comparisons instituted between the native Government and that of the Company; he had heard it doubted whether the Company's rule was at all superiorto thatof Oude; but hecould only say that, if the Company's territories were mnisgovemned oa the right bank of the Ganges, they were, ander such misgovernment, duped into wealth and deceived into prosperitV (hear, hear)- while, if the territories of Oude were weil governed, they were well governed under a policy which turned every official mto a corrupt and reckless tyrant, every landholder into a rebel arrayed against the Government, every peasant into a skUlking fugitive or an armed robber, and which was fast turningevery smiling homestead end every fertile plain into a desert waste. (Cheers.) He confidently believed that when that fearful catalogue of anarchy and corruption, of tyranny and crime, was laid before the public, as heiunderstood it soon would be,-when that record of the fieak-s of Royalt,y, which would be ludicrous did they not involve Lthe happiness of a people, of debauchery which it was scarcely possible to speak- of in any terms of decency or in any dialect of civilized man, should be faithfully pourtrayed, every honest Englishman would ask -with indignation why such a state of things was so long permitted to continue under the very eyes of our administrators, and in the heart of our .ea%L1? (Cheers.) Adverting to the financial policy of Lord Dalhousie, it had been alleged against his Lordship, either there or elsewhere, Lthat he unfairly converted the a per cent. loan into 4 per cent., that ho disarranged the money-market, that he was compelled to open a new loan, and that he left in the revenues of India a deficit of nearly 2,000,0001. (Hear, hear.) As to the conversion of the Five per Cents., he (Mr. Xarr) never heard that it was unfair or dishonest in a private debtor to pay his debts if he could do so, nor did lie think it just to quarrelwith a public debtor for doing exactly the same thing. (Hear, hear.) Besides, when the 5 per cent. loan was converted, however the elements of war might have been gathering to a head in England, no cloud darkened the political horizon of India. The deficit which caused the opening of the newv loan arose from subsequent events,-from the failure in the revenue at Madras, from a falling-off in the returns from opium, and from the expenditure in the public works, in which he perceived with something of surprise, though not with regret, that they had rushed at once from the extreme of parsunony almost to profase extravagance. He admitted that the one mistake comnitted in the financial operations was that of closing the old 4 per cent. loan. He did not, however, make that admission to avoid making greater admaissions, and he trusted the meeting would not so far endorse the famous maxim of a continental statesman as to treat a venial error as if it were. a crime. (Hear, hear.) It was necessary to draw their attention to the difference between Indian and English finance, which was not always clearly understood. It was admitted there was a deficit in the publie accounts. In England such a deficit was soon repaired by additional pressare on the old taxes, or by calling into existence taxes entirelv new. There seemed to be an idea prevalent in England that there could not be .ny progress or any eivilization where that progress and civilization were not presented to us under the familiar features of representative institutions, parochial boards, poorlaws, union workhouses, a double income-tax, and a Chancery suit. (A laugh.) If, on the other hand, the Indian Sovereign desired to recrnit his exhausted treasuryI tf he wished to portion his daughter, to marry his eldest son, or to provide a beloved Queen one of those splendid restingplaceswhichwould astonish anddelight the latest posterity,-he had no scruple in forcing loans from his bankers or city men, in exacthng additional cesses, or in sending round men to collect sumns from his subjects, as we used to collect benevolences. It was quite clear that the GovernorGeneral of India was debarred from either of those resources. He need scarcely defend Lord Dalhousie for not having forced loans from his subjects; and, with regard to direct taxation he might safely say that in the greater part of India it was absolutely unknown. (Hear, hear.) Indian finance might be expansive, butit was not elastic. It might expand with all the causes thatmadeaStaterich-with ex-panding intercourse, improved agriculture, and growing civilization; but it was not elastic in the way which enabled a Chancellor of the Exchequer in this country to provide for additional burdens on the State by an additional pressure on the community at large. Hear, hear.) In short, it had long been a settled maxim with Indian statesmen, that the empire must not be risked for a budget, nor even the quiet of a province or of a capital for a new tax. (Hear, hear.) If Lord Dallousie had consulted only his temporary fan e, lie would not, in the last days of his govermment, have annexed the kingdom of Oude, for he (Mr. Karr) need scarcely tell them that it was not in the first years of occupation that a new province generally paid. If they took on them the revenue, they took also the burdens and responsibilities of the government. They had to erect the gaol, the treasury, and the hospital, and to open roads and construct bridges. Rights held by long prescription had to be leniently treated, native privileges to be gently handled, arrears to be paid off, debts to be forgiven, and claims to be foregone. He repeated that, if Lord Dalhousie had consulted only present popularity he would have left Oude to have been annexed by his successor; but as he looked probably to a solid and lasting fame as well as to the condition of a misgoverned country, he proceeded at once to do his duty with boldness, justice, and wisdom. (Cheers.) He (MT. Karr) contended, then, thatin his broad foreign poEcy, in his generous outlay on public works, and in his consolidation of the empire, Lord Dalhousie had sown the seeds of a harvest of which Lord Canning and his successors might one day reap the fruits in sunshine and in calm. (Hear, hear.) Again, there were parts of his Lordship's home policy which he could not pass by. Lord Dalhousie, on arriving in India, found charged with tlhe clothing, housing, and transport of troops and with the construction of public works in every department, a board of officers who too often veiled their private piques under the cloak of zeal for the public service. He swept that board entirely away, and appointed in its stead a single responsible officer to the charge of each of those important services. Mr. Karr then proceeded to take a rapid view of the exertions of Lord Dalhousie, by which he had introduced au efficient system of postage and girdled the continent of India with telegraphic wires, by means of which the Governor-General in any emergency of the State might bid, in the course of one half-hour, 100,000 men to stand to their arms. He added that he had reason to beEeve that his Lordship had tak-en measures which would shortly have the effect of linking closely England with India-the Thames with the Ganges, and that very building in which they were then assembled with the Council Chamber in Calcatta. (Cheers.) At wr at expenditure of health, of time, and of ability allthat had been effected they had areadyheard from the Chairman; and he (MEr. Earr) could conscientiously affirm that in all the varied business, in all the bulky reports, and in that voluminous correspondence wzhere it bad been said "eloquence evaporated in scores of parag,raphs," there was nothing difficult which Lord Dahousie did not render more easy, crooked which he did not make straight; intricate that he did not unavel - and vast or extensive which he did not embrace. (Cheers.s The hon. proprietor eulogized the administration of Lord Dalhousie at much greater length and in eloquent terms, and called upon the Court, in conclusion, to sanction the proposal under consideration, in grateful recognition of all those great qualities evinced by a statesman who, displaying the British power without insolence, and exertinga it with- out injustice, had so ably ruled and consolidated the British empire in India, and thereby vindicated England's honour and fame. (Cheers.) Mr. JoXES, in a speech of some length, often interrnpted by cries of "Question !" andcomplaintsof its irrelevancy, proposed an amendment to the effect that the reasons assigned for the grant of this pension to Lord Dalhousie were not sufficient to justify the company in porting with such a sum of mnoney from property which did not belong to them Dr. BEATTiE briefly Supported the original motion. Major RATHBOINE opposed the motion on the ground, among others, that, at a time when they were proposing this pcnsion to Lord Dalhousie, there was a large and increasmgdeficiencyin the revenues of the Company, and that the unanimity evinced by the public journals and by members of the House of Lords of opposite politics against the proposal was a suflicient indication that it was wrong. He criticized, adversely, to Lord Dalhousie the annexation of the Pnnjab, lNagpore, and Oude, andecontended, with respect to the postage and telegraphic reforms, that they were the inevitable results of an advancing civilization, and would have been brought about whether hisLordshiphadbeen GovernorGNeneral or not. Sir J. HOGG said, he had anticipated that the motion which had emanated from the chair would not have elicited -any diversity of opinion; that it would not even have calledfora debate, but that, on the contrary, it would have been adopted by the Court, not only writh unalinimty, but with acclamation. (Cheers.) He had been disa inted at the opposition shown to the proposal; but, at tme same time, he thought it better on the whole for the character of that great man with wrhom the proposal was identified, that such opposition should be made. (Cheers.) After the general statement which had been. made from the chair, it would ill become him to enter into any review of the admi3nistration of Lod l)alhousie, and still less :was it nevssary after the able 3.s &b tbe hon. proprietoy (Mr. Xarr), which was creditable alike to r-,elf and to t the service to wich he belonged. (Hear, near.) SirJames then repoed insomedetailtothe objeron taken to the propose) grant by Mfr. Lewin, Major. Rathbone, and Mr. Jones, and sught espeeill to U. ls,*4y the process of annexation which had been calle I sq`t6stion in the course of the debxte, in which he travelled *over mluch the same ground as htr. Xarr. Hle stated thb. his doctrine with reference to a UGovernor-General for India was to choose well their man, and when they had chosen him to support and confide in Lhiun (Eear, hear.) That was the great zecret of the good govcrnment of India. their Governors-General had been the marked men of Europe and of the world. They had selected the best men the British empire could afford, and, having done that, they had selected the best men in the world, confiding in and supporting them when they were right, and when they were wrong differing from them with regret. M-. lewin hd twitted the Court of Directors in this case with worshipping the'rising snn. He (Sir James Hogg) grieved to say. that that sun was no longer rising. (Hear, hear.) Would to God it were, for the sake of Lord Dalhousie's own country at home; but, alas, his sun was now sinking fast, to the sorrow alike of the country he had governed and of that which gave him birth. (Hear, hear.) He felt well assured that'nothingwas further from the mind of Mr. Lewin. than to impute sordidness to Lord Dalhousie, or to suggest that-such a pension conferred for such services wouild in the least influence the nobleman on whomitwas bestowred (Hear, - hear.) EZe contended that a great error had been committed in the course of the debate by some of the speakers in using the word " annexation," as if it were spoliation. He submitted that if they conquered a country they had a right to annex it; but when they ha done that, then came the question of policy whether it WaS not only for the interests ef the empire hut of the conquered territory itself that they should be annexed; and if it was for the interests of betth that annexation ~onld take pLace he contended that it was a duty incumbent on the paramount Power to annex. It had been said in the course of the discussion that the native states of India suffered from being annexed and coming under the English rule, and that they were happier under their native rulers. If that argument were true, they who used it ought to push it to its legitimate conclusion, and abandon the country altogether. (Cheers.) An hon. proprietor had indulged in some remarks as to the tendency of the Company's policy to destroy the aristocracy of India. It might be that in the olden time they had the extremes of poverty and wealth-the native chief luxuriating in debauchery, and the wretched ryot unable to earn the means of subsistence. (Hear, hear.) Thank God, that state of things no longer existed. Wealth was now more equally diffused, and he trusted the good day would speedily arrive, when they should have a just and legitimate aristocracy in India, founded either on the great deeds or upon the honest industry of the aucestor who established it. (Cheers.) If Lord Dalhousie had only consulted his private interests he would have retarned home at the expiration of his term of office. He had then earned a splendid reputation. Family considerations and declining health alke arged his return; a splendid career was open to him; but he sacrificed them all, and listened only to the call of dulty when the home authorities earnestly and anxiously solicited him to prolong his administration. (Hear, hear.) Shortly afterwards it pleased God to visit him with severe domestic affliction. (Hear, hear.) That rendered his return home, for family reasons, still the more urgent; nothing then prevented his inmediate return but that overwhelming sense of duty that would not allow him for one moment to think of deserting his post; and listening to the considerations of duty alone he remained in India to the sacrifice of his health. lIe (Sir J. Hogg) would be slow to believe that that Court would hesitate in an enthusiastic expression of its gratitude to so great and illustrious a man It was for the Crown to bestow titles and honours; they-the East India Company-had no such power; but they had the power, by a grant like that which had been proposed, of enabling this distinguished man to maintain his high position, and still more of consoling the residue of his days by an expression of their approbation ; and he (Sir James Hogg) believed the most fervent prayer he could utter, and one which, if realized, would be most calculated to advance the interests of India, would be that they might often be called on to bestow such an expression of gratitude on such a man. (Cheers.) After a few words from Mr. Serjeant GAZELEE, the original motionnemanating from the Chairman, and conferring a pension of 5,001. a-yearonLord Dalhousie, out of the revenues of the Company, was put and carried by an immense majority, only six hands being held up for the amendment. The Court, which had sat nearly five hours, then ad. journed.
THE ADMIHISTRTA TIOAN OF MEDICAL BELIEF ?O THE OUT-PAVE2IlNTS AT HOSPiTALS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIME,S. Sir,-Having read with considerable attention some time agothe report of Dr. Guy's paper, discussed at the Statistical Society last December, " On the -Nature and Extent of the Benefits conferred by Hospitals on the Working Classes and the Poor," I regret to find that a subject of such national importance s-hould at the present tine have remained so long without comment, particularly as the appointment of the medical officers of health would have afforded a good opportunity of calling upon them at the onset of their sanitary duties to frame a perfect system for the medical relief of the working classes and the destitute poor. Without going into the very valuable and interesting statistical records which, it appears, are kept at Ring's College Hospital, the accuracy of which, of course, is unquestionable, and unnecessary for me to enter upon, my intention is, if possible, to show to the benevolent public that the existing system of out-patient relief, as practised at most of the leading hospitals, is as great an abuse of charity as the indiscriminate almsgiving in the streets so ably depicted not many weeks ago in The Times; and not only an abuse of the charity, and an injustice to the medical professions, but a moral eviL It appears that Dr. Guy, in his paper, places particular stress on the abuse of the working classes receiving gratuitous advice and medicine; a point on which I cannot agree with him. If the funds of the hospitals are to be diverted from the original intention of the founders (by the ancient records at the endowed hospitals the property is devised for " the sustentacon of the poore inthe new erected hospitals" the funds of which " shall wholly be bestowed, employed, i nd go to the relief and sustentacon of the poore aforesaid ;" the rules also are for the " good governance of the poore to -ce keapte within," and the governors are " to see the same poore well ordered and keapte "), my opinion is that the genuine working classes, who are struggling hard to maintain their families creditably by incessant labour, are more the legitimate objects than the destitute pauper for hospital out-door relief. The former cannot always command employment owing to the great fluctuation of business and other circumstances over which they have no controL and may be said truly to be earning a precarious subsistence; and even if extended to some of the smaller tradespeople, it would be very difficult to draw the line between competence and imcompetence. As regards the latter (the destitute sick paupers), their requirements would lead me to consign them to the attendance wvhich ought to be afforded atthe union workhouses, and where, at the same time, they would obtain that assistance in their destitution which the hospitals do not pretend to dispense, but without which medicine is only a useless expenditure. It may not be genecally understood that the Poor Law provides for the sick as wed as the destitute; that each workhouse has its hospital, or a number of beds especially appropriated for diseased persons. This arrangement, carried out independently and with judgment, might be made one of the greatest boons that could be conferred on the poor, and, indirectly, on the public; instead of which the former look uponI it with horror and distrust; the latter only consider how they can avoid the additional payment. The guardians, in their anxiety to keep down the poor-rates, practise a most mistaken economy, and, by their want of liberality and attention to the poor, have ultimately to support, at a much greater cost, many widows and orphans. I need only refer to a very clever brochure " on the Hospital system of London," the author of which evidently has spared no trouble to get nourate information either at home or abroad, and has put some very startling facts on record; and also the report by Dr. Benico Jones, in .1he Times of February last, " on thWe accommodation for the sick in the hospital of the St. Pancras Workhouse," to show that the workhouse hospitals are totally unprovided with the necessaries to alleviate the sufferings of the poor, and that all sanitary measures are defective. As regards the number of medical men appointed to each of these establishments, there appears to be no system, and their remuneration is so inadequate to the arduous duties they have to performand not unfrequently to provide medicine in addition (which for various reasons ought never to be allowed)that it] is not surprising that the poor get neglected, . nd are forced to seek relief elsewhere, not only (riven, but actuaUy encouraged by the parish officers to resort to the endowed hospitals,-thereby relieving their own rates, but increasing, most unsatisfactorily, the expenditure at the endowed hospitals, greatly diminishing their sphere of usefulness, and filling their wards with chronic affections which ought to be equally well treated in the workhouse hospital, and would be, from the character of the medical gentlemen attached to them, if the value of hiheir services were properly appreciated. As an instance of the short-sightedness and inhumanity, to use the mildest terms, of the guardians, I may here remarlk that hundreds of valuable lives have been sacrificed at each outbreak of cholera by their not providing in time sufficient assistance for the union medical officers, who, from their overtaxed powels, moreparticularly at that season of depression, have been compelled, most unwillingly, to connive with the parish officers at the removal of patients from their homes. and even out of their beds, exposed to cold and damp, -and, what is of equal importance, preventing for hours the ad. ministration of medical appliances, thereby risking the greatest chance of recovery in a disease which entirely depends upon prompt treatment. I would have an inquest held upon every such case, and I have no hesitation in stating that the average mortality would very soon he seiisibly diniinished. It is quite time, at all events, that the sick poor should be placed, as a6system, ander a general commission of competent persons, and not left to the tender mercies of the parochial authorities. Dr. Guy does not, to my xaind, dwell sufficiently on the greater abuse of persons in affluence, rich in this -world's wealth, but poorin mind, many of whom, to their ahame, never hesitate to seek advioe and medicne fro)a the hospitals as paupers; committing not only a moral deception and defrauding the medical practitioners of that -which, under a better system, would fall to their lot, but (at hospitals -where any attempt at limitation is made to the number of letters given out each day) often preventing, hy their impudent assurance, the humble labourer from obtain.. ing that relief to which he is more justly entitled; nor on an abuse, practised to a considerable extent by persons who go from hospital to hospital obtaining medicine, as out-patients, purely for the sake of selling it, which, until a different plan is adopted, it is impossible to prevent. Imay also mention the impostors who frequently resort to hospitals as out-patients for certficates either to impise on their clubs or the charitably disposed, for the support of themselves and families, while they are spending theirtime and club moneyin idleness and dissipation. Among the minor abuses may be named the dyspeptic drunkard, the hypochondriae, the misapthrope, the destitute pauper, the habitual3medicine taker,-forxmedicine has its votaies, as well as spirit, especially with old women, who are fond of cordial waters and antispasmodics, and are not content without swallowing medicine obtained from various hospitals at the same time, and who, when a physician does not exactly cater to their tate, have been known to go outside the dispensary and deliberately pour it down the drain. Having named some of the evils to which the present system of out-patient relief is liable, 'with all due respect to Dr. Guy's very able report, I will venture to express a contrary opinion to the plan suggested by him for their correction. I do not think that the " charge of Is. on out-patients at their second visit" would succeed; but my belief is, that it would be the means of opening a new door for still greater abuse. It would give the person having paid Is the right to demand what is now only granted upon sufferance, and therefore can be withdrawn or refused on any occasion of misconduct. It would also be the excuse for an additional demand upon the charitable, who have already too many calls upon their sympathies. Some years ago, when it was tlhe custom at the London hospitals to charge a small fee for the admission of a patient into the hospital, large sums were obtained under false pretencew by the individual or relatives, until it become so notorious and such a nuisance to the governors that it was abandoned. The is. would be diffcult of collection, and stiUl more difficult to discriminate who were the "realy poor" to be exempted; nor do I think that it woiud afford an addition to the funds of any charity worth consideration. At the commencement of the 18th century a fee of Od. wa, paid at some of the large hospitals by every out-patient on first obtaining a letter. The practice was discoatinued about the year 1725, being considered oppressive to the poor. To adopt the French system of administering medicine and relief to the necessitous poor at their domiciles would at first be almost impracticable. It would require a unity of purpose, a unity of purse, and I fear would, for many years, meet with conflicting objections from the governors, pariah. officers, and the medical officers of hospitals, infirmaries dispensaries, and unions, each anxious, after their own particular fashion, to emulate the other, but at the same time jealous of each other. The dispensaries in London are the nearest approximation to the Parisian system (in Edinburgh, I believe, a still greater similarity prevails) of attendance at the homes of the poor, which is the only efficient plan, both morally and medicinally; the only way to guard against, if not prevent abuse, to secure to the poor afflicted mechanic and indigent pauper that assistance which he requires in his need, and to the public the introduction ol practical sanitary measures. The out-patients are not only an immense aanual expense to the hospitals, withouit an equivalent advantage either to the public or the poor, but are open to grave objections, and not the least is, that they require a great increase to the medical- staff: of assistants, who, having once gained a footing, calnot be passed over without committing an act of injustice, at any subsequent election for the senior or full appointment. This routine system, which is now everywhere so highly deprecated, is well known to be the inducement for young men to undertake the troublesome and arduous duties, and not, as might be supposed; the practice they acquire, nor the zemuneration they receive: the result is thai on any vacancy no man of honourable character or of great experience even thinks to become the opponent of an assist. ant who may have performed the duties for some few years, nor is it likely that such a person would be a candidate fo; the junior office. An objection of equal, if not of para. mount importance, is that while so large a sum is annuaHl3 diverted from the original intention of the founders, it is impossible to make sufficient provision for "the poorf to be keapte within" now absolutely necessary to meet the wants of the surrounding population, which has greatly increased-within the last few years, during which time thc number of beds in the hospitals collectively have not in creased in proportion, neither does the hospital accommodation in the capital of Great Britain bear an equal proportion to thatwhich is afforded in many of the large continental cities of Europe. The practical results to be obtained from the treatment of out-patients are most unsatisfactory, and never to be relied on, not half the medicine that is prescribed being taken, or so irregularly that it is questionable whether it does most harm or good. Of late years the voluntary contributions for the support of the dispensaries have materially decreased, attributable partly to the non-residence of gentlemen in their immediate localities, but chiefly to the great facilities so indiscriminately afforded at the large hospitals for all classes to obtain advice and medicine, rendering, it is supposed, by those who do not look beneath the surface, a subscription to a dispensary a work of supererogation, a waste of moneyFrom an e-xperience of nearly 40 years with out-patients, I consider the dispensaries, when properly managed, "of all charities the least liable to abuse, and the most prolfic of benefits." 'Until a comprehensive universal system throughout England could be effectualy carried out, I would suggest that the various authorities interested in the different charities should consult together, with a view to accord to each metropolitan hospital, taking into consideration the infirmaries, dispensaries, unions, and the population, a district whence they were to receive out-patients, in addition to the governors' recommendations; and that appropriate persons be authorized to sign and distribute tie district recommendations under stringent regulations. In according to each metropolitanihospital, &c., a district, the primary object should be a limited distance, approxi matig as much as possible to the locality of the insttution, to enable the governors, parish officers, and others to make arrangements with their medical officers, that the poor residing in the district who wvere unable to attendT at the medical board should be visited at their own homes. Tnis would not be unattended with difficulty, from the position of the hospitals, which, when built, had relative consideration to the denselypopulated localitiesin which they were erected. London 'was at that time not only tle residence of the poor and humble artisan, but of its " merchant princes" and nobles. It is nowa labyrinth of warehouses, out of fashion for the dwellings of the latter classes, and much too valuable for the former, who, in the present day, are compelled to retire, even into the country, to make way for metropolitan improvements, railway speculations, and the public convenience; and, fromthe facilities afforded by railwvay speed and frequent communication, in many instances find it cheaper to seek their habitations beyond the suburbs, 'which are gradually extending to almost an indefin7ite distance. Until better substitutes can be provided, as medical schools are attached to most of the hospitals, a great part of this dutynmight, under the superintendence and responsibility of the medical officers, be intrusted as a reward of merit to the advanced students, who would always have the advantage of daily consultation with their teachers, and, on the case becomingnrgent, of admitting it into the hospital. In the so appointed districts it would not be too much to expect that the police magistrates, the offlcers of health, and parish officers should he responsible that the person obtainingaletter is a fit obect for charitable medical advice. It is a very bad complmaent to the phllanthropy of a governor of any charity to state that he ought " not to be called upon to take the trouble to sign the papers, or to be responsible for his recommendation, as ivellas to give his money." Now, I cannot for one moment allow such a prin ciple. Erom my knowledge of the governors, they arc ahlays most willing to take any amount of trouble, and, generally speaking, the trouble of inquiry would fall upon a member of his family, and he would only have to sign the recommendation. I hope to see, at any rate, the commencement of a well digested an,d thoroughly organised system of house to house visitation, and attendance on the poor at their own homes. During the cholera attack in 1849 the only effectual check in all parts of the kdngdom was house to house visitation. WVhy, therefore, may the same results not be obtained in all cases of disease, whether epidemic or otherwise - and inasmuch as you drive disease and its results from the lodgings of the poor, in an equal proportion 'will be the healthy state of the atmosphere in which the more vwealthy part of the population resides, I'k G. WHITFIELD, RZesident Medical Offlcer, St. Thomass Hospital.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TLUES. Sir,-Enclo- is a cancelled check inich I.have picked lu in the street, and should imagine it 'woul be sery easy for any nnprincipled personto copy the signature, obtain a eheckbool4 and issue forged checks ad libitum. The check appears to have come from a buttershop; o and, if ]esa1e houses 7dl1 selltheir signatures at perlb. for waste paper, no one can wonder at forgeries being comnnitted. I am, Sir, vomr obedient servant. A MERUM&NT. Ctity, May 13,
SALES BY AUOTION. Cambridge-heath.-Eligible small Leaseholds.-By Mr. MASON, at theat, on Monday, June 9, in two lots, OUR neat six-roormed ouses, 4, 5, 6, and 7, EastF street, with gardens extending into Lark-row, nears the prncipal entrance to Victoria-parl, let atb 3, ground rent, £3 each for 32 years. Particulars of Mr. Mason, 8, Union-court Broad-street. Green-lanes, Stoke Newington.-Capital Residences for occeaion, held direct from the freeholder for 94 year at £15 eacL-ey Mr. - MASON, at the Blart, on Monday,JtJme 9, in aix lots, peremytorily tby order of the Mortgagee), .tVOUR semi-detached Residences, with bow fronts, _ very desirably situate, directly opposite Church-street, fronting the G reen-lanes, each containing eight bed rooms, elegant drawing an d dining rooms, together 43 feet by 2 feet, breakifast room, k;itchens, and gardens: annutal value varying from £10D.tO£1a year. Twro other Villa Residences, in Park-road, witht posseanion of one, the other le to -Duthoit, Esq., at £75 per annum' held by separate leass A the fixtttres will be included. Particujara of*.the auctioneer, 0, Uninoncourt. Old Broad-sreet, city. Bognor, Snssex.-The Furnittie audEfiects of the Norfoll HoteL . 1ESSRS. SPILiMAA and SPENCE will SELL . by AUCTION, on the Premis-s, the Norfolk Hotel, 156or. on blonday and Tuesday, May 19 and 20 at U for 12, the useful 110 J'SEHOLD FURNITURE and EET of 33 bed and sitting rooms and offices. On view o. Saterday, and catalogues had on the premises; and at the auctioneers' offices, 42, Bell-yard, Temple-bar, London, Leae and Fixtures of Butehaes Premise, at i1burn, Middlesex_- UYnder Tairaebpy. Under. BaLErR. a SL atthe House. on 1 §22dy.nnl3spreio bosedotthe sEAS oS Mr. De&con's PREMISE:, gardens etabling, and paddock held for aboutt eight years at aslow rent, and affording a rare opportunity for commencing or extending business. Particulars from W. Lod. REsq., 4. Great Ryder-street, 6t. ame's and theauctioneer'sofflees, 04,Newr Rend-street. and 2. Upper Baaker-etreet Great Bookhanm, Surrey.-The truly valuable and coa pact Freehold Eate, of abont 50 acres, with a substantial Residense, known as Millfield-house, surrounded by beautiful gardens, and well-timbered and park-like grounds. T R. FREDERIC1 JONES is instructedto SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Wednesday, y 21, at 12, Iunlexsspreviouslydispoe3d of by Private Contract,)the a4oe desirable PROPERBTY, of wthich printed particulars with a view and plan of the estatearenow ready for distribution, and may be had of Samuel Staland, Esq., soicitor. 22, Bouverie-streep Fleet-street; Mr. James Wincen agoenth 27. Misrec, dhearnssda I aeh nd t tyh of t;AAlt. UESSllS [,gUbridee Middlesex. MISR.S. RIUHRRAS wrid SELL by SECTIL bt teuCTION. on Monday, y 19. al G3rraway's, at 12 o'dcockn , twfO lots, the ABSOLUJTE REVER:ilION to LSSO 133. 4d., payable on the death of a lady now in her 69th year, amply secured on freehold and copyhold estates, preducing a rental of £183t per annum; also a Contingent Reversion to one-thrd of the aid dstates, subdect to the mortgage by wihich the above earaof £85 13s. 4d. is secured. Descriptire articul rwvith conditions of sale, muay be had at the -lace of sale, of .Leete, Rsq., 10. Foeter-lane, Cheap-idec; Of Mfessrs. I oodbridgoe adu Sons, solicitors, Uxbridge;* and of the auctioneers. Winebmore-bill, Edmonton.-Ellgjble Freehold Property of the late tIlrs. Ann Bishols. 1/AR. A. RICHfARDS will SELL by AUJCTION, at* the on Thursday, June 19, at 12, by direction of the -rlsedli flots, THtREE: brick-built and slated HlOUc SS, in sab- a yrepir, ith forecourtsd and good gardens at the rear, situate ear the rCing'sHead, Winchmor-hil, in the occupation of Riey, Clark, and Cox; also,uThree Houses, nearly adjoinimg the above, with good gardens, le., and Sroducng a rental of £91 4s. per annmm, presenting a very favouralec opportunity for investment. Mlay be viewred, by permission of the tenants, six days prior t,o sale, when particulars may be obtained of Samuel oldknov, lSeq. solicitor, 10, Great Jamesstreet. Bedford-row; at the Mart: and of tahe auctioneer, Tottecnham, Mrarylebone and St. Pancras-Long Leasehold Estates. MR. McDONALD will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on T aesday, Mray 27, at 12 for 1, capital folASin Oal ) PROPERTY: cOmPrisinE two excelenut brick-btUt housea sibuate oea 8e nd 9,Upper waeymouth-street, St. roarylebone,beldfor 52 yearst atru2 lien groun a rent each;* bothletuat £AS perlnnum. Nor. 16 aodo Preston-street, St. Pancras, oneIlt at 3of per anum, theo theri hand; heldofor 92 tr srs at £g r each. M ay be viewed by pernmssion, and particulars had at the Mart; of J.r. Ridding, 42, Great Wharyllebone-street; and at Mr. McDonald's offices, 41, Baker-street. Portmen-square. Carlton-terrace, Wstbourne-park Vias, Wiliam-street,eNottng-hicw Hounslow., and Sandwfich-street, B,urton-crescent. h/RR. MCDONALD will SELL by AUCTION, at E TATE at the on Tuesday, Mray 27, at 12, th M folowing valuable most p!easautlyLeasehold Dwoeling-house. with shop and back entrance, s o. 1, Garlton-terrace. Harrow-road, heldfor90 years,at £12 ground rent; let at £40 Per annum. Also two wel-built eightroomed Houdes, 33 and 85, wectbourne-parkVila held for long terms, at low ground rents, of the estimated value of £45 per annum each Also the unexpiredtermof 87 years inm6 ssx-roouedhoues,Nos.43 to 48 inclusive, in Willam-atret, Nottng-h ll, let at the rats of £18 per annum each house, at a groLUd rent of £4 lO. each. Atso Twao Cofyhold semin detached Vilas, in the Staines-road, WGotnnlow, af thc estimated value of £25 each. hikew ose a 10 oomed House, No. 45, Sarndwich.street burton-crescent; let on an agreement for a lease at £45 a roeqri held foreaqlongterm,atagroundrent. Maybe vIewed by peMnorsion, aud particulars had at the Mart: of J. w happl, Efq.,10,Wyndhamplace; M r. Ridding, 42 G:reat Marlebone-atreet; and at Mr. aMcDonald's offices, 41. Baier-sret, Portusan-squaro. Valuablc long Leasehold Property, for investment or OSCupation, Oakley-square and Cranfield Villas. Chelsea, closeto the Ftlhme road, I" ESSRS. REID and ADAMS oill SELL by p uar TIONb at the Muart, by order of the M7ortgagee, on Moday May 2m, at 12 for 1, in four lots, this valuabl the LapStOiD PROPEIft most pheasantly situate; comprising Ro. 5 and 6, Oaldey-square, Chelsea, substantinl and wel-built residences, held by separate leases for terms of 91 years, at low gromud rents Of £6 and £8lper annum also Nts. 1 andl, CranUeld Villas, Oakley-tquare, Chesead superior modes vila residences, held by separate leases for terms of 99 years, at anrannualfground rent of £3 Sa. each house. One of the hotuses is et for ate t o a resionsible tenant, end the estimated value of the whole is £27 per annum. cay be viewved by application on the nmemises; and particulars had of ar. Wrentmore, silicitor, 43, Iaincoln's inn-fields; Mr. JamesMay, solicitor, 2, Prices-street, Spital-square - at the Iart: and of the auctioneers, Qaeen's-eun, Brompton, and Beaufort- street, Chelsea, Twiedsnabm. Ml,lR. ARU IS ll SELL by AUUCTION, by Tus direction of thc is ortgagees at the Mars, on Momndayo Mfay 2f, at 1l,ethu ABSOLUTSEHL VE SIOi oatho dcthedah of a ladrinrher 85th year to that very desirablg ESTAs1E fsown an Bath-houe, seituate in the London-roac, at Twiavenham, maiddlesex, lose to tho raisway station, inthe occupat'ion or W. Gittens, Faq., as tenat, at £45Sper per annum. The house ia a comnfortablsold-fashioned residenoe, guitable for a family era professional gentleman whose pursuits require his frequent attend nce in town. It is conlhold of the Maanor of hile orah Syon. ntearly equal to freehld, Also ioaEeehold Plot of Bnilding Land, in leathc-road,Twckentam,w itha frontageof 75feet andglO feet deep, vaich vwll be sold in three lots This band, fron its excllent situation. iaespeclally smted for a manufactoryor for a builderk or tmmbor yard, or for shops. MoaY be vewed (lot 1 by cards only), mad paticWarsn had of Messrs. Clack and btuaton, soelictors, Brentford; at th lart;- of er. Abraham,n auctioneer. Mingeton; and at the ofbices of ote auctioneer. Twickenham. In Chanserly.-" Hitchoo1ck v. Casre," " lEtchcock v. Chse,many- Toobe.nldy pursuantoto ardecree of the High Court of Chancery made mi the above causes, with the approbationhof thebJudge to wihom these causes are attached, at the SAction Mart, london, by hMr. JOSEPHI NASH, the auctioneer a p pouited to sell the same, on Monday, the 26th day of M1ay. 1850, at 12 for 1 o'clock;, ,ACottate, called Pheasant Cottnge, and about 33 freehold building land, situate at thoruton-eath, in theo tashe town ofn.in the county of Suey, being vithin two miles of thIog fCodon and eight of the Metropolis, the property of the defendan.t, Ch slus Hlalioewll HIallowdell Carew, REq. The sales will be put up in one lot, subject to a reserved bidding. but in case the amam shallinot be sold in one lot itwidll be a gain immediatelyoffered in several lets, each let also subject to a reserved bidding. Particulars, with plan, may be had, in london, at the office of John Respin. Esq solicitor. 38, Davies-street, Berkeley-square; George Samuel Ford, ~siq., solicitor, 0, Henrietta-street. Covent-garden: of Mless Davies, Son, and Campbell, solictors, 17, Warwick-streset, Regent-street; and in the country, at the Greyhound, Croydon . of the tenant, at P'heaant Cottage; and of the auctioneer, Reigats, Sarzey,-Dated this 2Sth day ofApril, 1830.-Rtichard Blexass, Chief Clerk.-John REspin, 38, Daviesstreet, Berkeley-square, Plaintiff's Solictor., To the Nobility and Gentry Furnishing. 1l,tR. HENRY FOSTE:R is directed to SELL by 1TgAUCTIONf, at hlr. Robinson's Rooms, 21, Old Bond-street, on Tuesday. the 20th inst., a very choice assemblage of gilt. decorativc, and useful HOUJSEHlOLD FURSIUPE, in the most approved modem tastc, removed from the mnagasin of a fashionable wreetend house, and now sold to realize en advance mnade by a lecatee; comprising several noble and brilliant eblmuney. console, pier, and giraudole ilsases, in ertisticaly designed frames end beautifully gilt, wiith console and pier tables en suite, tripods, corbeilles, brackets, and other decorative stsxns-gllt, twvofull sulites of chairs, sofas, £c., m French damask and one in Slrres pattern chintz, wiith cutains and gilt corffics complete, expensive beslde and wvalnut cabinets and cheffouier3, elegantly shaped drawiing room tables. and Toursay covers, eittbroidcrei French muelin long curtains, kec. For the salle is manger, library. hall,£c.viillibe foundi a superb plate-glass back sideboard, Tfeet6 long, and 0ne other 7 feet long, extending tables, pedestal writing tables, plategas beak-case, sets of chairs in morocco and UJtreebs velvet. curtains of the most exneaaive French fabrino in exquisite taste, velvet pile carpets £o.,; also the effects and appointments for 3 best beI rooms and lady'sroom, particularly two plate-glassdoor wadrobes, a lace toilet table and gilt glass -I l'mpdratrice. three fashionable bedsteads, walnut dressing and washing tables with toilet appendages, largxe cheval and- toilet glasses, dso.;* llkewise the furnitmrefor secondary rooms, and many other superior items; all in the nicestposeible condition. Also a valuable cottage pilane, by Aisnn, and a very choiecs piccolo by Wornurc. On view the day before and m orning of sale ustalsoguesat the pLace of sole, end at Mtr. Foster's, 410. Oxford-street, who will forwvard the same on witten applications, eclosing a postage Lee. Kent.-FretholdEetate, copousth failn. sder -formerly in the occupation of the late J. SaenRq., with gardens. pleasur grosunds. piaddockr, two cottage resideioes, Le.-the Site of the whole comprising upwards ofI lacres, abDnnding with brick earth and ursad, tn~ inginst rbal iulig rna tob C.pital'long Leasehold Proo emoorRsiec orInvestineut.iion MESSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bonid-street) haive re- ceive instructions to SELL by A&UCTION, at Garraways,a.on We'dnesdlay. June 4. at 12.(unless preT iously disposed of). a valuable long LEASEHOLD PIROPERTY- compirsing the most excellent and substantialy-built detached family'residernce, knsown as Rtandolphhouse, uiost pleasantly situate in B4omnfield-roAd in one of the mnost deligbtful. healthy, fashionable, and accesaible suburbs of towrn, with large gardens, conservatory, graeenhouses detached bMliard room, ztabling, &;o.: the whole in perfect order. Thsehouse conttains entranc, lportico, atone-payed boll, dining, drawing, and breakfast rooms, cnnlseiratory six bed chambers bath room, and very excellent offices. The, garden is laid out with. reat taste in lawn andproductive borders, -well -wortha Wailtal frobntg tou Randlph-road t te isheld Tornanunxpired Freehold Msnoriai Estate, with store-built Msansion, -Plantations, and Groundis. and 535 acres of rich Arabie and P'ature in a ring fence, with Entrance Lodge, Farm-house. 'HomestoasA and Cottages. 1I_1ESSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bond-street,) have re. IYLcelved instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Garrawas"s on Wedaexday, June 4, at 12. unless in the meantime disposed of). the valIu abl e M &NORITA T FS-. TATE (fr eehol d, aLn d l a nd-t ax re de e medo Blunsden St. Andrew, pleasantly situate within three mifles of the £iwindon Station, and about four miles from the mnarket towns or Swindos Cricklade, and Highworth, comprising the capital fuasily residenoe kmown as Blunaden House, approached by an entrance lodg. -and delightfully placed on the msouthern slope of 331mnaden-hill, c~:. ,M12nsding eXtenssi- and varied views, with firm-house, homeaeead :ancL cottages, and =1 acres of rics arable and pasture ln,in a ring fencesurrounded by excellent roads, and producing a renta of abons £008 per annum, besides the mansIon, offices, gardens, and plantaUtions, whthwae in band. This prop,erty offersa capital investment, and gteaenta besdesnmay,attractonsfor residence,. espeially to a sportaiaun, beiz stutedintheoetreofthe T. W.H. Hunt, and within eas cipel stetion on the Great Western Bailway'. The buildings are all in good repair, the lands in excellent cultivatiju, under thre occupation of a hghy rspctaleandreponibe tnat,and the mansou, in in evey wy aaptd fr te rsidnceof contygentlemian. :Partica. M ~ESSRS. GREEK (28, Old Bond-street) Itavino,c itdisposed of the estate, wil SELLX by AC rCTI e?X, up on the Prf_ mises. Fetchism Lodge. near le-atberhesid, on Friday, June 6, and following day. nt 12, all the excellent HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, Turkey and Brussels caLrpete, chintr windowr hangings, fine-toned squarepiamoforte by Stodart, tune-piecce by Barswise, china. 'mamental and numnerous miscellaneous items, a few pictures and boioks, Powerful mcocp,china and glass, casks and brewing utensils, garden seats,, lihs and tol,iron roller, well-built pair-whe-el omnibus or sqociable (nearly new), Iihcar, invalid chair, two prime cows in calf, useful cart, and numerous out-door effects. May be viewed one day preceding the Wes.e and catalogues obtaied at the principal inns at Leather. head, Epsom. Dorking, ingston,. &c.;aend of Messrs Green. aulctioneers, 28. Old Bond-street. The Freehold Manorial Estate of Hordie CIIff near L3-iuugton. Ha-mp ahire,comprisin-vanexcellent Fassilyltesideuce,and about 550 acres, trea;t-tithe free. iFESSRS. GREEN (28, Oldl Bond-street) have re- ivlceived instructious to SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, on WVeduesday, June 25. at 12 (unless in the mneartime disposed of), the above capital FREEHOLD MAXORIAL ESTATE, consisting of the. excellent family residence, known as Hordle House, -with its pleasure .gounds, gardens, entrance lodges fc,, as recently occupied by thelate D.Chambers with capital farmuetiuse, homesteads, cottages, and. about 550 acresof arable anaL pasture land, ail lying comspactsy toge:ther. within easy reach of Lyinington and the Brockenhurat Station .on the South-Western tallway. The agrcultural lands- are principall'y in the oocupation ot a respectable tenant upon a Yearly holding, and in addition thereto, the esaute comaprise an extent of sra. beaco, extending from Hordle Clif towards Hurst Castle. This pro- pertLy combinea a good investment, with an admirable country and. manne residence having great facilities for the enjoyment of yacht. iag, huntinigwith the forest haounds. wildfowl and other shooting and the neighbouring coDuntry abounding with gentlemen's seante. 'The housei is approached by twvo entrncee ledges, and is placed upon a bol1d lawn extendn to the sea and opposite to theL-le ofwTght and the RWeedIes of whinch it commands uninterrupted views, embracing also Yarmouth, Hurst Wate, the pet viilage of Miilford, and the town and bay of Christchunch. = L igton, now -much resorted to as a fashionable watering-place from its saLubrity of climate and great .facilities of communication with the Isle of wight, is within 31 muiles. and it is confidently anticipated thatthe railway wfi soon be extended from Brockenhurst to the town. Particulars may shortly be obtained at the Royal Hotel, Southampton - of Messre Moors and St, Barbs, solicitors Lymiington; of Messrs. 'Pinneger and Wilkinson, solicitors, 5, Raymond's-buildings, Gray's-inn ; at Garrway's; and of Mes"es Glreen, 21, Old Bond-street. The Important Fr-eehold Estate andMaoofRdghrt about seven m'loe from Guildford in a highypcueqecuty 1%ATSSRS. GREEN (28, Oldc odl ret ilSL by AUCTIO'N, at Garraway's, onWdeayJuy0 at 12, unles nthe mean time disposed of), tevlal n motn DREEHLD ETATE and MAINOR of tDNHRT iut on the road to Brighton, five miles fromalafr,fvfo oamn seven from Guildford, and in thanost p!itrsu at 'tecut ofSurrey, consisting of anexciellentandvcycm ctmlyedac of Elizabethau arclntecture, possessig ever comdtoo a gen-. tleman's family, with excellent stabring, newlyereced entranc ledge and bailiff'sres!Luence, conservatory, green and forcing houss all in. the moat perfect order, standing on lsigh ground, in rich par-lklad commanding extensive and beautiful views, and surroundedy abigl cutltivated and well-timbered domain of nearly 1,300 acres,wihcm plete and extensiveliomesteads, a portion of the estatebenatpsent in hand, aindthe residue in the occupation of resposbetnns but the rental of the whole may be estimated atnery£,0pr anisum, - The mansion is in every way suitable to theeta,hoan cold water in laid on to theo bess bed chsambBrs, and it hasrentybn m Imer The rpleasregoud arewofemoderateb extent ~and other-i a -UTESRS. D)AVIS and JOfNSTONEareinstruceed Mbythe Assigniees of Mlr. J. Edwards, to, SELL by A-UCTION, at the Rooms High-street, Southampton, on Tuesday. May 20 at 11 CLOKS- 1comprising 53 gold an1ile aths,`8raas,al American, and long case. clocks, a6 valuable assortment of jewellery, in gold and silvTer chains, ring,brooches, pencil cases, studs, ims pelated goods,u consistingo cmenkrames,candieostistostracks, butear and miscelnos effecS. a evee n dayprTO ecbedig tale and particoul c ht yars obtaineddony the reiss sof signm ell sq* official tlass aune , 3 oeand-street-b - ingseo; =nof Wi. hoes,Ee,obctgr. 20 Kings byArms-Iar ,Moratte-stret. aond of the Fiauctioneer, 5, at 1esrs. Smotrahan and Cor'snamnkrl ty.TATheona AshuretEtt, near fivemiefrom som,adthreef. ~rom)rey gSrry.beft yaES R. DA ISand-tx edemd adSpronE free trom n- tithes Tohere tate they armlee insructoedsythead Asincst ofuMssrs.i treahrand aul,irduBaes,fndo itthhgml,epe onuarreneso TherMortdecees stondsEL byo AUCTIroN,o athl het- the Matod n,on thFriday June, atc 12,theuha = a imprra tatioamnt sapfrTachedb knweazyshtrtottiegr-ad wise gA suomrn t ithiatoreabeautiful villa resiene date the sbeato Mr.esstraomsn,dnlfuzlyseitu,atiesinaostdpictrespue ountry,e abotf fivnmiesrvaomy gentlem,ands sthree f erom Doriq ure . Thein estat cos freehold,gnearly all liry.asaouhlland-txrdeedbnaprilnfree Ironms great lotiths. her areo th compete ofarm homesteadsi most combstantial rpacter, and aothird ueder froriithement eeprquariters.r Thobe lresience stlands upon a the breaw of atil heldoresofrie the nothe sablndgas, oand alhough latndra grauothelevation,fincapproahed byan ceasytorotin road. upnthe accommogadatins abeardedaro 2prutincipal re andn chrambers. coreasingrooms6xesv and ndseie,laightfbudot vpenin onertoi adeightfrsque pnorctiong wit Sre.Thereibare a sacou hrallee and bilraprdroo, and a,po lot diningiromlte domebolsti forfcesarent-of u othcopleerk sa racer,andconSi eAVery apontmn requiSiTOEfo arbeinstorugecl t tma' SEat byAUTIN at the raofted Mestic one am tbe, Junbe2g, cach-2 houss,aun ryandithreran ou-ofcs. The lAdies't casonsevt. pn comningtmet~ed bysthe Anddeig hts fu veiews overad this pitureSqEL oy AUurreN onthepreareialso oangre anday graper23, andL fo pro. dayc tivk1chfogrd1en,h The, thoe ofstly ApropetsINThand, orand7s likemo7st oftenihou ring estatsc , farmted omalentall byupmethe podrwngrtor msarticularsoaeti cursenof reatiwodyon,gndmaybte obained boudir,slae bWitallaBel, Ealal.,ll offcial arssigee, a,dColvemanstret-uings;da of and citz Crapemeysq soUlicitorl5 Lomb'y Condupit. placse;ofitaMesss pairnce,g Pwsandwater, sooa licrawors., Old Jewnip- chmes Lodn f Catrorsn Rlaq., solicitor, Dreigae;na the art;andof te actioeers 88Mar-lae, Lottndson, oesi j~'JE SSRS. DAVS and JH eSfects. Maye bnstreted to SLL y ACTIN, t th Mat, n Fida, Junbe 20,tatne 1of adsRabl LEG EHO LD RO ISONT il cmrSinL, atw hi ouses,wt shps NO,lad 0,oCudtrch-tret THI hwa,andsi brc-ulty rent £10nranm adhl o term ~ of aic 111 yars wer un - mexpre ath uIady-dayentoneMaybriee y emssotfsh enns an ariularsotaind o eis Rembeyaudt u e,Sir.Rolctos,1 Ludgae-te:an d Dof Wthe P dut ones Hoog, Marklane. Theid ournitreond EffetuozAhue Morandin VadyeSS Jan DAVIS and e IbbNS o tEheo ee ByrAUCio, Hon tepremies, RonsMonda,Jn 23,hbann foloin StAlaso 0vr cuntry ropesidne coi p rlisigbl thlene artsmp feteeequipm tento 24pltreincialanheondr,ary cnaladoherG-aoenyrinin rayoomeand peting,tdamaskand chintdlrapeies Brilles,Iaontmplaerhmne and piern chin, rih cu-glas,sciagnmxclent wine the bnfittig of cr diomesticrg ffces ho-huseplats 1AndmsellANeouGs efftesMa bes viewedac three admanysreewn salte,nby ctaogues,in ris,ch, toldan sbtaied onst WilanomBellk,Esati*, oficalassIge, 3hite, bColem a ha-sretbidings;eof Meins,rs. Larenc, ant ems,and .60doper,oliitrs,e14 bold Jes-r-hpuinbaces,res,Lndn ratthe Whimteose, Dokn;ad o fhriom ey the Cauctioneers A Collection of captalPictues,t chefl byA te old mas1s effecROBtSO.wiloSEL, a Iss .onay Old Jowry.-Capital Household Furniture aud Effecte, genuine old Paintings, &c. l%JR. ARBER wvill SELL by AUCTION, on the L1T . Premises, 26, Old Jewry, on Thursday, Iuay 22, at 1 precisy, by order of theProprietor, removing, the remaining R'IINITTUltE co m- pnising good mahogany four-post and japanned bedsteads. seasoned bedding, mahogany wardrobes, chests of drwers, wash-standsdressmg tables and glasses, elegant console table and glass over. roaevood drawing room suite in silk tabaret, mrahogany dining table, two dinner wHggons. 10 chairs, in haireloth, sideboard, tvo library tabes, eay chai, 6eotave cabint pianoforte in rosesnRod case, valuable oil paintirgsby th old masters, vole.Of bool Brussels CandKidderminster carpets, fendersaudir-irons,and kitchensutensls May be viewred the day prior to aie, end catalogues obtained on the premises; and at the offices of the auCtIoneer, 1, Mount street, Bereley squnare, Sdoie To-mor oew-69, Queon-street, city.-Vnder en EecutiMna1 To HIousehold Furniture, a Collenctgion olf valulnabnle Prooef prints,a inetoned Cottage Pianoforte, a crdught-iron Repository, a csty walnut-tree drawning-room Suite, rich velvet pie and Brcuels Carpets, Chimney Glasses China, and Cot gLa, numerous E :ffects, removed from the Rlesidence. ric . LEt IS begts to and ounce he is inetonedctod to p ,SELL by AUCTeION, at his Warerooms, 80. Queen-street, two doors fromhew Canon-treet, n ty,i omorrosa (iday), Ma yS1th, at 12 'ciock the superb FURsIeto Rel, consisting of a costly carnutItre drawing room suite, richly carned, saf , sederal chimney glasses, handsome anored tables, elegant cheffoners aItted up with plate glass, rich velvet pile cagpets, proof and other purints a ine-toned cottage piano, bronzes, Dresden china ofaments, msa other drjaing room iteds The library and dining rooms aro furnihed in Spanish mahoa ddectioncd ets of cht% Oa acbairsad hugescoveOred ,inmoaroco. a fer oil paintings, pedestal writing table, iron safe; and in the prineipal ted rooms, ace noblecearved pillar, faur-post, andArabian bedsteads,fitted with damask hanglngs, with clean and suitable bedding, handsome double and snmgle-hale washtds eb3na filttings, bedateps, hdeatde, PErnsseLs carpets &c., handsome china dimmer, tewa. end dessert services, a collection ofprints, oak hall chairs,-hall clocks and harometer, feejapan items, and innumerable useful and ornamental effects suited to funrtiec fuishin. MIay be viewed mornmgcof sale. end catalogues lVsdof Messrs. SimpSn and Son, solicitors, 14, St. Switiin's-lane -ol the sheris officer, Bl-alley; and of the auctioneer 13, Iore-street, city. The Exchen4uer Co0ffeehouse and Fendall's Hotel, being 1. New Palas-,3 yard, 32, Pa Ument-gtreet,and-1. andI5. Bridge-street, Westminster. IUESSPRS. WAILLTERS and LOVEJOY beg 't-o MLJ. announce tbeyvare-instructed-to offer by &UCZION, at Gar~raway's, on Tuesday. May 20 aLt 12, the LEASE, with the beaeddial Trude and poeseasionof the ali7oro well-1-own and highly respectab;e. HIOTELand T&VER-N, which baafor years coicua aded amost1l,sr-j tire trade. It is arraged with -every conve1nience nd Well adaptea., havng xaethan So bed, roomns, eight or more sitting rooms, c3Eee sem, &ct. Itisheldforatermiof eight yearsat aLswreut., Para"n lars-amyhe had of3Messrs.Treherneand Wbite, solicitors,13. B;argb~3srdohaelssmer,Buckierabusry; " oftheansctioneare, 53. Chaucery-la-s, propetyls ar~bl Propetm,H rdipemi .are modem er TRsec OiSOari. 2the haveaextat2.iseeioath oowgvaubeFI. POlIs._fr HOSE an ShOPS d:Thecptigocrshosd dweiling-bthem1 Pltoldr re,Hro.tecreo o arc hosuseandc hpe do. ig2 itSodsret nles o aBo ihti ted ofcptrno SEOu,ham er soat.£o0 e nui-f euncellent Preat.-bompacs 1rteehbold-Eterate, PitSoldstiuLare-et ocr Lied,bol titenfeeandlatd tax redeemed, w1itpe annuD. Thenaove,x tesrve dr egrcltlion,ael audnds SubltantigoD bupit Te tensutants o ESSRS. WARLTERSauncl impOVEJetsOY c an n *tlavetex2ptenderydeosidrable attractOve aed1 otewe thurne. atEbedewamedtft calledate oDI tHeeants. Particuarm, ohwa' oadf the auctdoeers.ad, abuChancery-lae. rmTnrde co'unpsde aents Compaodctiv lrehodEtt, icoudng2stacne of Taluacreso Land,r tpithe ipree anland-tax redumedgoithad angod thnermide der x Cottages anto Lodge.iR nlsr h rzdnei dpe 'oraUesSRetSl fmy.A andEisstat n onEJan emiene witIcounetrtieldingSEL bhe Utown, at Tunbrrad'a, issroundTesd bMay, plats1,rte verydes, irablge FEE-hoLI o mealyMalTl plategabs thast isid apofathedLondonbroad, gaba out.threeuile fr om Tenta-ige cmriswaing. Thaces outbproducie whic weetnsive, coinprse a aitl bnewood cate(el,prnipall sh, athoflyrivndrcad and thed fremtainderbxg .ds-de iito convenSatrenclosres.eheo eidnelsadpe deorabl rsetblefml,adi ituate onMro-an,na h aunpe bemingFene,rithe contrye~Pl3ti-rv, incldn the townjin f ofuaride,spcal suronadteda btchampea' te garden withd at green-hfome of nearl alle prothe-rls. aucindeis appoahd bvyaboad grave B roadh, Sothwrouhak rnmna plnaio.Teouthak eibuldengs,ewhichdaroeetenyv,fomrisr.menacpta. an ateSheS,S pigEte, BRO-THdyrdsardaed forstrcetea itog nelyerctdLtble fUOrTIgh.t thores Mand,o ldoubl coach-house at 12e-i onelt TOmdruadBbstantial-ulcttgs h salyuiteafrsod shootiGH0S,isa contenieant deistnce from 6uig.wt and7Que exieethattroad, anrldown turnpieryos. The property ret)fo may e iee onu apicain toe terg Tyor.f the lodgnt e. Ptartclr,tie at thtl, rdcug; erBs atnd.Crown Inn,5 Teabride o Staey solicinto,1. MliayberewedaLndpar denulatarawayf ;ean ofthe atloes.rs t5.Chnaon-stlae.t,outh- I0s 23 itoocha. So ee.Tehl netet SSRS.3, RICE, BROTHERIS avre drecive ito IT ELb UClNa h art, on Friday, 3 e- t3 ntolt,TV May23al deat12d desirably situae nderom-ae, lerarthen tundpiksnlystae, being rdrie corttgs Paletne-grove,in in the occupation. of bl respecab eteantsla lownannsual prentals.gayrnalo bedee ad perartiulars hald at theuuinsa Kenintonhcrosatathe MArttandMatrtheOfeanortMesmErsice, Brothers', auctionofieer an2ureor,23, Borough, Southwark. --ourtnwsarom u-desirdbl Laseod Pmrop Certey.frnesiot MESSRS. RICE, BROTH1ERS, are instructedl by thL eLL MotageUoSi bAUTION. at the Mar, n rridy.Ma23 Fiat1.In one23 tlo2,TW moen andlt~ h agbet antial-buleFtEE EELLDnd-HOPYSE foreLy EoST AndES, BnwnacksStrleets or manydear's lante Flr ocupation ifthupwwds nttennta, at frentals roduciandm£2eadowannu, and helda force wit yearsifunexpired,aa cromund fren.yayd bevisead, andicltparl baticngas three oftMessrs.Ftc and Sutchsicitorm, Unionustreet adouthn,i wahek ait thqe AutiUeon Mfart;r and atoessholice Bofthers auction .offices, 203, Borouttage, Southwahram 1~jFESSRS. RIE, BROTHERS at odse reeived1in i truciensfromthe ortggee o SE andb paUCtiOulrs,a atth IIFIDECE, hadsme levtin, ndumesaintly siuae, beUring Nos.22ad , Ara ellgrreet C las,Barngo-radtouhorng-Fre and S Suibdwt eveyXEg'ardAt eeance aONd taste cobiEdL wit teAnts,Cnd.pOducng\ euaoft el 91 per S3Annum; hldat groundck, roue o £ 12. d,.and£3peranum,onles,frt an ueprd t crm of 6 eas.Ma b veweispemsin fche stenants:and=pr tA meicuasheo Mnessrs.eo captc l aeDd FithaolirsUnn-re, Betodtorough;of oesrs.Shenand Grintyg&e,asowciots,o16.Prcsslate nd PlaedniAgtincrelm achuto at and nueossflsn ratmental, Bite, Broie. AauctonofIces, 203 Boerouh Saomthsr, 5 Ofrsttnerhea tWaking. To-mrroy.-abs orut Sal ofo verynvauabley Freehl candta Cope. heold-Farms, siUaNTe in thedelIgtfu dcinity of comrkingan villaof walnut-miles, from Guwo ed, and sibofadm cheirse, sfs oee%ades E SSrES. caocains,an e RIEB oTHERni, tale, instructeds by way thbMrtdgageTe toveryb AUCTiorIoN,ea Funthrei Meart,fonFrida ay23,ation, rintiwoa lots the ahight land noeFrnEEasters,n COPtYlug upvards of50acrs, ofleratle Damble Oraendtnado landt, anda rnum buldnS,tRee cOttaENHAtc abSn-hl Farm, sitat adEinng in theApictursuIllag of h Prmiayforn aond coyho of the manor fofo doain, with. vaeluabl common thvrprigh n ormprisin 50UaresTof iric baut-able mreeadw,andihop nladnd, at captly reliegnce homutesead,wn brns, sabing. andt compaect farrm-uidings,ti cottagsk, 'wet curthainse arte sletntodachighlyrepcal teant upnone gleasse, ats mFznodes-asTerenals the whitenHrt purcasd frorma the -Grnci Exaibinnsionth neighbouring toins; grofmessbrs.ritc and motch soliiors furnio-ture o hiet Eoroug ofhMesrs. Shfam and Grant,ir slciovrs, 16, Porincsplce, bokcenniingin taboss; . atootheAuctiongMrt and ofe Ladsesrs.Bpinerthnrs,b h auntiente and sus-vejora, 203. Borough, Serb6uthware. Furniure ad Efets. rws adote .V,L MaUrtION on thPemss,THSyA, May 135,aatt2o'of the laptaloder. onFHumphrITUltE opilnrs sdmhgn chairs, sfas,-yand.es chairs, chimney glses apesanhuo,cr t.ainsbst o dning taybldes,adAabanadp r ofeseasadlag rbles,m draers, wand--solitinos,desn tables glse,r,chnn Wl.s domesauticoreqites, and sreffcsM ab. ewdo ensa -ACresapitnal Radsiof cpubohitlscod-and FurnitVaure necl CIFSR. GARENAM anw SN wl SELL byAUTO;a offr b AUeTioN,l nadceib rivoaw 33 xonr-street, near ofthe Panpithon. Tho-mo retrownag frorm1 'coc puLncs%atua mlly, tecapituolmodern seccptond-bandlubl FULUE,Ainexcelet omndiretio, cof~n shes oYfE cARNSsirs,aleo, nth car hod, atcanonatonandesete of iningtbeslbo andes consoles,ciney and poer glwnass, pineofortes ofever ademsc riton,pedres- talurand encosedrsideb oartdd. bookhases,n exselleTutbar and otheor tmdrres ciaanroolir,a- lapr -oost,arabian,andg a dgrdeniss aedseae byt hangingseandNbedinghomplte andingtedhnlso and patinrwardrobtedrawers,mashf i-stans, reang-tfables,oglasssdh a few lots ofdplate patedartles,ae.M chia,lassd, and numrtousluseuan ornamnedntah precelianes. MGraaybe-we ontthe0ursday,andemorning of al, -1r-and as 1o43, Bldersaed-streseut, sTo rnetberraeead nhorth,ufacingtherai- M~FSR.SAM. JOHN SO Nd SOSi il SELL by pbi AUCTION, an thes Preonise, asaone,Mondy Mensay 1,an followig day at1 oloke eaOCho da, heveraysperid orokiders!FULtIATHIE, i suit, spend chiney nd cnsol glases,also glaDdorus.setveral, . of hic wre ureasd fomthe-Gmt xhiitonr sbofw1np; ter dinin roo, libar,and ornin roo ofuritur ofd choie spanish r.chaim ofa nd,Sreay cThaliscovrdhnmond rocco. bookcand lDses, rtn tabes don, poofengrav tins esaterLnot er,anting byl the ancitLetontlc a-dno.r masters, incluingtrchiedseimn by t le Mrtga Deer, douermaweLara-t oftty, toHarrit,frb b,nM non.oks Teleganty bound,17 embraicingth w or diios of msfhestand ardb obauthor;tebd cthamer fucinrntur of tMeusuasdesckard adon, mantlicitoks,2 artimclsofuvrtu and numdsterot offWice,m13 OSmy-tree, near, slcthe 32 Pateon.tec,Lnclg esunsc, J.ad C.dAene,-Fseolctr. d17ightfllysituaternear Soeothofne grovke, Halwithinandes drisace. of Feithm Statiedon, owdsor Thoe. theate Mwrs John Hmnphrys,) a. PAhntro eltdl-bultCoTTdGES, with gardes famyr.br,sal.cwos,adS.Olp iof xcl len arbgolan, Maybetioewed, vle,and eparticlrea aget th Mart:eof Mesesd, Kn sandSn,slcios apo; n tteofiefM- ntogh Rauca ttionee ,n sureyo,wubury. C1.ApDittRasd XAbio-ons andI Wine avule wts.i trCtARDINs wto SELL by AUCTION ; at teCeur oe Sehamraway'miNvbuy Brs, on Thusa, ea2,atdules Man accepinthbe Offr be preciosely madnb pri.ELvate constacti orderboflth Pro-ku priteto,woi rTetGiring fromebsness, tealter manykei? ropsa bacees bRuSe,pesnl situate in theHIhaw-road, at Woston, betwe ing Ns.an1an Hacknhey aneog nwta n of the beet roery an onde mosthrespcatable soburhbyand,tepropertyeoisd It Thoas Santh ExcelleThbar meadpow bonaninnse neiutbourhoode, and isnwin thehad ofuanativeofrA Danditlliet man ofua busnet cannotf all a brcommand Eat vetern-iyRlargeandpoPtaleatrade. Mayuabe dnWaewl-ed,andpriclr Wobtaiene Eat on the prmeaatwoGar rawours- atite Corn bexchaong Cwofctouse Matrk-clanet andatce,a the auctonlr offires,7 iaitt fon-gan-debcn.res omad 143.t- j Adrae-stet-o CZatbersdllerIandhooManufsc-u-er per annum. Alo a piece of valuable building land, about six acre.- situate near Stroud-g bounded ou the east and south by laud, the property of Archer Croft, Esq., on the eetby Stroudsrecn. and on the n ythe roaleading from Strond- n to Grenham ICpeL north~~~trththhedmIr I vUbrodin lots, and is adnirablysslaptodforbulldingpuroe. A10 acplet of bulding lnd, situate at Greeihat , adjoining the rad leading fromu NewTbury to Greonbam Mils, containing about half an acre, bounded by land. the prop)erty of Mr. Bobert Mrtin. For-further rarticulars apply to William P.o*lle. Req., solicitor, ltickinanswortb, Hurt.; Mess Gray and Godwin, solinstore, Nebury; or to the auc tioneer. valuer, and e Lsate gent, Mardet-place, Ne Burk, St. Helen's Coal i?ield. South Lancshre-To Capitalist.e, PubLic Comspanes, Coal Mietrohants, ad othere-MOxt ieportant and valuable Flreehold aineral Probper, extendin0 under unw rdsof 1,100 acres of land, ith the Manordal Righbt of te entire S tosvnaShit Of Sutton.L ,R. CAPES has received instructions from the. lt Proprietor to ofter for public SALE at tho Cla rendot Rooms, South John-street, L'.verpool, on }F;ridy, the 30th dayv o' Ma, isant, at 1 o'clock, in tsro lots, all those extensive and exoeS ingly valuablo MIRES of COA and other 301EltAS, lying under wasrds of 1,100 acres of land, in the township of Sutton, near St. - helen's, tegether with the Manor or Lordlship of Sutton, and the bEanorisl lihgts of the entire Township, extending over 3,723 acres, These valuable mines are rich in well-knownvueins and scams of coal, and adjoin the rapidiy-increasing town of St. Helen's. with its numerous glss, chymical, and other important -works. The LiverPool and Manchester section of the London and North-Western Railway, and the St. Helen's Canal and Railvay, intersect the district, affording direct and rapid means of tranIt to the ports of liverpool nd Run corn, the river lersey, and the docks at Garston and Birkenhead, Mes.Boues andRobinson are now worldig a small portion of the mnines at a minimum annual rental of 600. The Itusiv-pRrk Min, the Higher and Lower Ravenbead Delfs, the Bation ine, the St. Hlelen's Main Del the Four-foot Mine, the Cannel Mine, and the Bortonlsead Main Delf, have been proved to exist in this Important coaldeld. Independently of existing collieris, therme 5 T-I eligible sites forthe estblshlaent of newworkl. The oDmpactness of tbe coalfield, its advants~eous position, and thealmost inequalled 11Cllitie. of t,ransitt render this mineral distiCt eminently dcaeriiDg the attentbonof capitalise public companies,, coal merchants, and others; arsch sit oppotuntyfo la,ypbreoatable rinvestmet rareOly ocrrng iPartiuars,E cot; hi-iS. J. G. Blackbumne, nainiugenglneer, Oldhain; the auctlonser,e ::2, Lricess-street, idanchesi and of Mir. Alexander B>nern ,-. and agent, Chosler.
