DEATHS. On the 20th of Febru3ry, at Cochin, on the Mfalabar Coast, Joseph Ballard, Fsq. On the 1Sth nlt., Elizabeth Deed, aged 43, widow of the late Mfr. James Deed, of 24, Stauhope-street, Strand. On the 26th nit.. at herseat, the Ford. Lanchester, near Durham, Miss Grace Humble, aged 52, formerly-of Leeds. On Wednesaay. the 26th ult., at Bath, aged 4S, Leonard Du'dan Wyatt, Re-q., Inte of London. On the 27th allt., at 31ount Oswald, DarhaTn, Isabela Cbristians Jane, fourth daughter of the Rev. Percival S. Wilkinson. On the 29th nIt., at her residence, Snaresbrook, Essex, 3Liss Ann Wilson, aged 67. On the 29th nWt., Thomas Swinscow, Esq., aged 45, of Brigg, Lincoin- Ont the 29thnlt.. suddenly, from the effects of an accidenat, Eveline. the dearly beloved infant of IT. C. HAil EIsq., of 5S, WVestbourne.groe, Bayswater, aged six months. On the 29th ult., at Beckford, near Tewbkesbtuy, Rose, eldest daughter of George Radiam, Esq., solicitor. On the 3ri0th it., at Zoaufques, inFrauce, aged &J4 the Hon. Sfortimer Rodney, burother of the late Lord Rodney. On the 35th ult., at Park-road, Stockwell, Mr. William Smiles, On the 30th ult., at his residence. Taunton, MIajor S. C. Meihisih, late Roy,-l Engineers, On the3lst silt., at 5, Vilmingtoin-square, Mrs. Grace Duncan Smithaged 72. On the 31st uIt.. Lieut.-CoL Fox, of FoxIands, St. Mary Church. i the eonmty of Devon., On the 31st rdt.a atWater-end, nearDiiriley, Glocestershire, in the th year of his age, JohnJLeonanrd, Esq., deeply regretted by a Large cirde of rltosadfriends. On the 31st uit., at Greenvwich, at thehons5e of his mother, Robert B. Godwin, stepson of the late John Davis, Esq., of Banbiry, Oxon, aged IS years and 2 months. On the 31s' it., at Erith Villas, Kent, after a painful iunesr, bere with a cheerful resignation to the Divine will, Mary Ann. the beloved and affectionate wife of Captain Peter Merritt, daughter of the late James Jacksou. Ezq., of Ellen Water-park, Lancashire, and niece of the aite Rev. John Farrer, 3MA, of Queen's CoUege, Oxford aged 52, deeply lamenxted by her relatives and friends, to whom, by her many virtues, she had greatly endeared herself. On Tuesday, the lt inst., at St. John's-wood, Thomas Angell, Esq. glate of Kenningtoa), after a protracted illness, aged 'S. On the ist inst., at Streatbam. Surrey. Elizabeth. eldest and beloved daughterof James Balls, Isq, in the 13th yearof her age. I on the 2d inst., at 56, Minories, after along .and patinful illness, Aana, the beloved wife of Mr. J. S. Stephens. On the 2dinst, at Clarence Villas, Clapton, of bronchitis, Elizabeth Franceo Carey, aged SO. On the2diast., at 56. Doughty-street, Ifecklenburgh-square. Algemon DanieL the infant son of 31r. and Mrs. MatthewPound, ag0ed 18 weeks. On the 3d inst,,after much protracted suffering, Mary, the beloved and affectionate wife of Mr. T. L. Howe, of Dartmouth-grove, Blackheath, aged 49. On the 2d inst. at herresidence. 21, Wellington-road, Stoke Newington, 3irs. MaryJane Bouquet, relict of the late James John Bouquet, of the Bank of England, in her 65th year. On the 2d inct., aged 45, after a long affliction, borne with great fortitude, Harr.ott Sarah, the dearly beloved and affectionate wife of Henry Cross, of the Lorn-road, Brixton, and Black Cap, Camden-town, deenly and deservedly regretted byher sorrowing family and numeroLu On the 3d inst., Richard John 3Major, son of 3Mr. Henry Major Camden-place, Greenwich, of whooping cough. On the 3d Inst., at Bexley-heath, Joseph Henry, the infant son of L-. Joseph Kitchen, of 21, Lower Calthorpe-street, and Mincing-lane. On the 3d inst., afterashort ilness. Sarah Priscilla, wife of Mr. S.-I,. Bellamy, of 5. Bridge-house-place, Newington-causeway.
To the PROPRIEORS of EAST IN-DIA STOCK. L,adles and Gentlemen, IHave placed in your hands, in my addrees,e dlated F,sbA ansd March 4. the grounids of my appeal frr your votes at the election of dive Dirrecorm on Wednesday, 5th of April, namely- Lrsous~ ,ervice to the East India Cormpany, the need of a naval mem- nf h Court, and my readiness to devote my whole tinie to your affairs lIfre-instated as a Director. ecsfed wohy ylcded hemslve tosuppet e. ad aaInearnestly colicit the votes of te Popretor, b prry o inperun, t te Rst indis House. I am yor mst bedentservant. OH OEAMONT IV T£5IAN. Comitte Rom.72,Coahil, 1stMarh.1116.I To the PROPRtILTORtSof EAST INDIA~ STOCK. I.adlesand Gentlemen, IT was agreed between the Committee acting for the JA five retirinig Dirceto:s and my own, in ordlEr to p,veVnit utnece_ saxy txouble to Proprietors by thie issue of numoerous proxyr papers, tbttt Islhould include in mC prx h aes of such of my opponenta as hadbeenpronwsed by, tihrexsate party whnthe nurunber did not exceecdthxee. andthbsi knley should add1 myame to their proxies s-e~,~ four Directors hW. been promised. I consented to this cour-se in the full amarance thaton tqW - -founded promiises woull be claiined. It bas unfortunately happened that in nota2-fe- .sw ,e roie elaimed by the Comsmittee of the tive retiring 'Directors have been ignoired by the Proprietor. I It consequently bt,eonseEs ncces;zI7l for hieo to enjoin upon those propiector-s voting for sne the utrnoEt core in examining the proxies for. warned to thes,4to ascertain trat they contain ornly the namnes of parties they ha've Iromised. I would also urge upon those interested in my L-uccess to pay no attentiun to a letter isasned by the retiring Directors ber.iprg parties t-3 till up their fulli number of vews with the nameos of additional members of their body. I wvould he.: to repeat, what I have vo0 frequently explained, that I can only be beaten by my friends splittinz their Tot-es with the retiring Directors I have the honour to bel. Ladies and Gentlemen. Your obedient Servant. JOHN CAIINAC MfORRIS. lAte Madras Civil1 Service. Commutte Room. Dindon Tavern, April 3, 1I16. TPHE Archbishop of CANTERBURY-wilIIPREACHf -I. at St. MATy's Chnapel. Park street, Grosvenor square, on Sunday next, -he 6th of April. in Aid of the Funds of the North-West Loudon Freventive and. Reformatory Institution. 19, -Sew-read, n3ear Gowerstreet, established for tire P'reventiou of Crimle and Reformation of CrimilnaLs. Divrno service seill comnmence at 11 o'clock. Donations, &c., wil be thankfully received by the Honorary Governor, George Joseph Bowyer. 43. Aropthill-sqnare. and( at the Institution. VE-ININGLECTURESs at King's CoUleg e, London. IE -Oandatcr3ondayApri7,Kig'sColegeillbe open, on Eveevnigsinthewek.fo CASSS n heILLYSCRIPT URE-S, Greeki Larin. French. German. English language and composition, mnodern history, geography. masabematicm (including algebra. Euclid, differentia calculus,. and with special appliration to tire theory of probabilities, and to fle assurance, Iarithmetic, and bookkeeping. AprosDectus,will.be f,rsrsded onapplication toJ. W. Cnninghiam, Req.. Rine&a College, Lendon. It IV. JELF, D.D.. Principal. TIiE DEUM for- the PEACE.-On Sunday next LAprriI 6, a soisnmn PONTIFICAL RIG E MASS. follos,d by a Te Deom fur the Restoration of Peace. will be celebrated in St. AMary's Church. 3morfields. in the pres-ence of his Eminence Cardi.al Wis e. man. and or all the Bisl-ops of the Catholic HiLerarchy in England. At theMas with full orches'ral accompaniment. His Eminence Wil preach. Service to commence atI11o'clockan.m. C TY of LONDON GENERAL PENSION SO0- CIUT'sr ELECTION wil take place on Monday, next, April 7 when Sulscc ibers7 Vo,tes and Proxy P'apers will be tliankfally receivea on behalf of Mlaria Coliss.-amost dcEervingca-e-by Mr.J.Goodmsan, IL- Great WVinchester-street. cityorr.. oad House of Lords3 )YAL~ NA&TION AL LIFE-BOAT INSTITUIVTO,for the Preservation of Life from nhipwreck. Founded inl1814. Supported by voluntarycontrib,uti.on. The AN.N UAL GEN,ERAL IMEETING of this Institution will be he!d a' the London Tavern, Bishopsate-street, on Thursday next, thle 18tb inst-.at 2eoclock precisely. His Grace the Duke of NO0RTI1U3BItLA-ND, K-G., President of the Society, in the Chair. RICIARD LEWIS, Secretary. 14, John-street, Adelphi, 3d April, IS16. IONIDON ORPHAN ASYLUM-, Clapton : inistiL.toted 1513, for tbe Mfaintenance and Education of respetable ,ahrless Children, of either ver. and wherever resdent, At a recent GENERAL. COURT of the Subscribers the folloio; Inodified terms of subscription werelunanimrouslysdopted:-AInuaI subscriptioni, for one vote at each election, lOs. Wo.; for two vote,, £1l Is.; life subscription, for one vote at each election. £5 5s.; for two votes-, £10O 1D1-the votes increirsing in proportion to the subscription. Four hun-dred cand twserst3-six orphans are nowg in the A-sylum, and 2.2Z3 fatherlcoa children have been benefited since the formation of th.is Charity. The next Election occurs on the 23d of Juine, 1816. Cuildren are eligible between the ages of - anid 11, being: returnedI until 13. Forms for nominating candidAtes, wiith all needful information, mlay be obtained of the Secretary, at the ollice. Sub*crirstiions gratefully received. T. P. WRIGHT, ILA.:} Eon. C. J. DANIEL. M4 A., Secretaries. JAINFS RLOGERS, Secretary. OIECO, 1. St. Helen's-picsm Bllshop;g-ate-street. ()NE THOUSAND GUINEAS CONDi-TIO,N- ALLY to the IIRiTISH ORPHAN ASYLUM, Claphamrize.-A friend of the Asylum, sympathizing in the struggle whichi the Directors are now makang to uphold the ussetulness of the Institution, notwithstanding the inoreased expenditure consequent onl the war. has offered to contribute 100 guinea-s provided nine other friends, ladles or gEentleen. shall be found to do likewise. Six gentlemen bare already followed tIre noble example, and the Directors feel that publicity only is wasting to secure the completion of this princely contrilbution. 9he excelele,ce of the cause, and the suipport andl tens. angeentthe reeiv. nike he iretor hod in their adlvocacy. lint ~oreac lage ontibstlos, heymus nedsaPPeal to those ladiea Iorwarsed n asl~icaton,or her reuesED th ertr silegldl aiStonayladyl orgnleaThomydeieinomtiononithe L OS f heJOSEPHINE WILLIS.-Tsiosa othlaeEDWVARD CANNEY, INaster of tlse Josephie WWtls.-A.s an expression of adimiration of the heroism displayed by the Into Capta in Cueroy, untIer circumstances most trying, wvhen this ifi-fitted ship "-.s ron into by the steamer Mangerton, oft Folke-qtone. on the night of Sinday, the .3d of February last, who, althonal his shiXy was evidently fast sinking, retained the greatest feirEle's Of joIn , employing all his energy in endleavonring to check ojolUSien, andI to instil consislence in the officers, crw, and passengers, regard!ess of taking mneasures for his self-psreservation. perished in his anxiouis solicitude to save the livEs of those ecoworitted to his cha-ge; and in consequence of his untimely end.L sun leaving, a wvideiw nes tour childlren to mourn his lIs and the loss of their earthly support -in sy mpathy to the bereaved, and an a fuirther expresson of esteem for has w ell-known, bonounrable. and uPright character, we, the underEigned,. have dessired to contribute to a fuadito be formned for the benetit of his widow and OiKsL-ise,and selicitthe ASSISTANcE~ of tIre benievolent in furtherance oft1his object. He waS amost expert swimmrer. and ba'd ninny times in the course Of his life saved others from drowning; but, en thlis melancholy ocOrsion. two of h-is femnale passengers cluing to barin.n e sank with thern. Subscriptions wWlbereceiveul byThorn.-s Reker, jun.. Essi. of the fim of Mlessrs. H. H. W%illis andCo;t Isodbb apnnin John' Neagle, at Mfessrs. Fletcher's, Limnehouse; and at Messrs. Glyn, NMIls. and Co.'s. 67. Lomnbard-street., JOHN HODGKINSON. St. Peter's, Jersey. THOM1AS BARKER, Jun. JOHN NEA.GLE. Amount received .. . £14 14s. W. Gascoyne. Es.;... XS0 irut Eq £ 0 0 Arnonymous!, per West Ir J. Jacobq 11 0 10 of England Bank .. 5 0 dMr. ThosbeoTo . rI0.CEI.HSPITAL, London and Bro-mpton.- 3PECUNIARY AID in support of this Charity is earnestly SOLICITED by the Committee of Management. Subscriptions are receivEd, and all information givien, bY M1r. NV. J. Cockerill, the Secre tary. 5. Waterloo-place. Poill-mall. P OYAL LOiNDON OPHTHALMIC HOSPITAL, --IA Moorlietds-Notice is hereby given, that the ANNU,-AL GENERA'L MIEETING of tIre Governors of this Institution wvill take, place at the Hiospital, Bloornteld-strect, 3Moorlields, ent Tuesday, the 11th inst., at 12 o'clock psrecisely. J OHN 1LABOUCIIERE. Esq., Treasurr. in. thoechair. CHARLES GORDELIERt, Sec. pro. tem. 5,Fenchurcli-street, April 2,181Z6. 6RYO TH`5P-(EDI SIA,Hatton1`atross-His Grace the Lord Archibishop of CALNTERBURY. P'resident-His Exccellency the Right Hon. lIre Earl of CARLISLE. TWVO SKI; MOSS wsill be preachesd on Sundlay, the 13th day of April next, in St. 31ark's chririh, Hasnito,r-terrse,: St. John's-wood, that in the mrnoing by the Right R-v. the Lord Bishtop of OX-FORD, V.P. and that in tile evening by the Rev. THOS. GRIEGoIIy B.D Lecturer of St. M1ary and St. Gregory. city. -V.P. and Chairmanu. After the Sermonis Collections Wil be miade,in aid of the funds of this Hospital. By order FREDERICK BELL. Resident Sertary. HOSPITAL for SICK CHILDREN, Great At ~~~~~Ormond-street. Rev. Sir H. DUKINVIELD, Bart., Chairman of the Committee. Thi Hot-al asopeedin 111. The following summary shows 5112.. I-1'tset 143 Out-Patients 1,210 1853 io 1 , 1113 2-51 ., 6,721 1855 ~275 , 8,1 Total .. 19 20.511 The income of thelHospital is very limited, yet it has been necessary, durng he as auumn toprvid, a gratexPense, larger accomThe aerag weely atendace o ouc patentais nowv 600. Funls re rgetlyneeed o icrese henumber of beds for inpatints annumrou suferng blirenareconst-antlY waiting for ad- mission. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~Irn se Contritionds iSPeca thnFully- reid byloin the a synwin-'sbofkthe poatienssre.cHoved Flnertet-street by the Trepiasurer, Jg tahethere, eq.:iors byr ctctheHnrr Sertr52rb4hMto,Ms.Rc,a OtherHosPirtal.SI March, 116. H. . BATHUST.Hon See.2 years ended 31st December hrst ~ ~ 1,03 Operations for cataract.524~30,24 Other operations.51e1ccaiond a Inlamti ofvaroustisuesof yebll,incudngxports-ydsiet lent ephibalmia of infantsnesly.16,241ed Woanla f tre ye,chrvil frm fagmntsofhmetal ex- r, sq tracted at the Hospital. at 1.e1Hosita1 iSEAr-es fNlis andO iEcrm-lstpbarated 4.03 Otherd h ranuhcofGenih ores.k on D,260d Oreamn average ofmo0res thoare rc erve annhum,tnd an inreasmenofat,800 outla exteding 2.lio whch th Com itteehanxiousl dleasiret cove bya secil fnd,to hic cotriutins rearnstl Brequested., itubcritro rceied y th Trasuer.Joh Laouchresiea Rheq. Mosrs.7illas, eaon,an Co, iO,Sishinlae; r thi theaosity,al, Bbosmduld-street. Moorlienext. John Alnutt, Jun., Re-q, Captain Alexander.Naire, H.C.S. Capt. H;. P. Austin, Rt,. Octaviu Omimunney, R f. ,i- W gwes.C. BV.P. Sir Robert Peel, Bart., 3I.F. ThomasH. liooking Req. William Rothery. Resq. Rlear-Admiral Sir Wu. F. Carroll, George Henry Saunders, REq. K.CB. ~~~~~George Soanes, REsq. R ear-Admniral Hf enry E.den 3 Frederic'k Somes, sq WiiLarn E'ie,gCue 1.551 Benjamin Standring. Jun., REq. William Fegete, Req.ClementU7ielli. Req. ChareFrni,Rq,VP Capt.Sir!IW.WalkerRNC Captai Willim Enriher Mney Wigm m. REsq.' Robrta rnn e.VP Wiliam John Wild, REsq. Francis La Breton, Rem. - Fletcher Wilson, REq. Tickets, one guinea each. to be had of the Stewards ; of the Com. mittee of Management; a, the London Tavemr; and of the Secretary, bywhom also amy contributions for the Auniver.ar,ywiU oe most thankfully received nd duiyockaowledged. S. KESSA-LL COOK, Seacrtary, Society's Ofrice, 74. Ksing William-street, city. (IUEEN CHARLOTTI's LYING-IN HIOSPITAL. NZ& r~~~~~ounded 1752. TheComit ee Patron-The QUEEN. Te mm'emost earnestly SOLIC'IT SUBSCRIPTONS towards rebuIlding-thisold-estab!ishcd iosit. The oldbhildmg hadbecome so dlapdate, ad inso angeousastue, ind ar sanitary point of viewso mposibl tobe ay lnge use asa ling-in hospital, that it wsfound necessayt pull own Te oeroo s hv commecedg one, and thsey urgentlyapp-ealto the piuoblic feor rfundstol enabe o them tol completeit' La theplans forthe new building the Govemors have. on taccoutcoif the expense, omittedallomamentor decoration, beth cxn- Subscriptions already received. * £1,6 . Among the sulbscribers are-Her Majesty the Queen, Her Royal HigImess the Duchess of Glocester, IHis Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, Sixty thousand poor women have been relieved by this Instithltion And the Committee receive the wives of soldiers and sailors engaged m the warwithout any letters of admission. Subscriptions arid douations receivedby Messr Cochs and Biddulph. Charing-croes; Messrs. Coutts and Co., Strand; by the Secretary and Mnason of the HospitaL The Codlector wiUl wait upon anybody, upon a requcet being made to the Secretary, at the Temporary Hospital, 13! X.iddlew.x-place, Now-road. Byorder, AUGUSTUS U. THIISILTON. Secretary. TEW WORK for LADIES.-PAT]ENT IMI- "A PBRIALAPPLIQU, forsijppers, cushions, saokflageaps, fe. vAro,delightful inventoon-quite a revolution In the work-tnble.".pd'0 New. Caution ..ganust p racy.-Every genuine piece is slaMe'ed tenImperial Apptiq and th colour will not wearof. Ilturv I 1 it.d figinirir frep fOrx,p by pNt of (¢, 3iope5 H1iPpw Sli1HFz, J To the DIRE,CTORS of the GREAT WE-STER-K RAILWA-g of Gent.lemen, NADA rTiERE is a very strong feeling amono- 1Jne Sbare-. J, holders that all the earnings on our railway shoK,rC this half- earl be divided among ins- tirst, because next bali-ye.-r our earalngs will bel shared with the Hfamilton and Toronto Rai---. wt wl'hie hl theu be amalgamated; and also becaus,- .l'. --Lth whsh en chan l declared, a reserve fund of £2500 er must. b.y Act of I'arllamnent, be muade. Mfarch 23. 185. __ A LARGE SIIA1OEOLD)ER. UUGHT HOUR"' Att iheSEA SIDE.-iREIGHTON .124d and BACK So. 3d, ina covered third-class carriages, eyery from Brighton A M 9 am.. froin Lourdou-bridlge Station, retun lg " ~VH-WSTEN RAILWAY.-CHEAP SUN- DAYEX \RSON-These trains will c,nnwence on Sunday, 0thAprl. ndconinu evrySunday till furth-r not ice frum WVaterloo-bdge tatin IoORSOUTHTi and SALISE URY, at 7.45 am.n, retunin at7p.. ad to Farmborough (for Aldersbo1tecamnp),%Wintheaer nd Suthmptn at S a.m. ; returnang from Southampton at 7.3, inheserat8.and Farrahorautgh atabout 9.15 p.m. Fares there and bck :Clood cariags,6O. 6d.: seAted olen Qirerages, 3s. Gd. Passsenersby hes trinscantak thoug reurntickets to the Ilae ot r~ ighty Southapo fORTCoER,Nr if PatAouI Vor Ryde, re trIngb PA amTeroutes.tFres weClopen t ereseies TENDERSte fope carAges,o OTAE to Cn aac lbetween sxtatins anlytedmboat pirsi not provided. Forne furthe particul anrs' Lo ndonlhe hafft-tillsoand timbe tablres.edAtoJ.. SCONVATTrafficranaery. Waerloo-rysdgeoo Staiong'March, 1tt85-Lnon3. h3urh 1% ~ tESGREAT o NORTHEN Ran ILYWAYLPA. WLLACYTE DAIreAY.Thrae oprentor reeive TENDERS t freuor the work MoRtGAGE lewto anlimited ctenitsoa tonly. n ad forsideriod onle poftfour or thve yers,waty periL hent peranin'.uinerest.e prearentere6st t bEBpad hUf-eary baingJanuares andth July,oby cpons,eat. aess.umit, foayne, and o mi6 th's, toanker eonxreuier of loa,0, eng theaddresathoed e t oo ec J.dude h p. owArs o the Actaof Geretbam rous ee, Kiang'-h s Sttin,Lndn,7t arh,15 ACRAIWAYSHIhE RAIr LWrbigAnx-Tiouet pirseue thCewok of this lie wiAETh rae NActivity sORaS to open a considerable otion ofd then raowayo duin theo( ensuingf Rails arem ptupared toncionSto RawensEtIIllE bearuing inersta the wrkcneted ofh erenith. for Maintnumaonce, tof oer ethe Wyear, torthe `xtot of aa0res0ed bein the amunteriauthbeoried tohe cretedayo Apdri thextwr. o h Ato INcoPoatNion.oprtdIad2Vc,ca.2.X -rCn.Pe AppencSatios.for Drebeturesato brepmarde to thecunerigtn(ed, for the Offices of thersurhlsi h Company, Iehs os.2I l ornoa-tret. iy sh ,owproos(Ito e sedWas B£eftrence Seretariy..o cetaiorfeitred ppardunedto hareceiv teyDR for cethed undertheCompanyf Athe o ParMiaNent, WanY andthoity of andlndfor treorumtions ano aynfnano a SpeciallGLine ofeRailsfromoptutorss Thctiounto nowtofferedto inhuen all the aborks conncte therew fzIth neacih,tin and pienilans may prefseren,e diniand after ther chent., atr the nginer'soffie, ury tatin. Saledteners endorsedno "Tener for Minteance f Penanen Wayandlorksn." ob anddftresedlto Byorer MlEs o FtOre, moeth. N ORTH DEVON RAILWAY and b DloCKe CntrePANY inorprate I nd Via ca. 2.-e por Chent.nkveIereaceipshae,eDrcosaepeardt eev edr o h aovethaes iformaino parties desirous of apflying for all or any nme of the one, wether harehlders n the ompan ofrailnot.lese Specal Gnera Metingof Popretors.acuo ece each andwillbe etitld toa pefernce ividnd o £0ver dent,pe annm ue ettoaoero rdpton a£1pecntpremium bath su3 edmtoni tohe exrie eoeteeprat iono thve years. nrutlatrsxmnh'peiu oie Aedepooto £de uper sharbe a iss to bepinaltmenScrt,and futuifre ll aliredno futohexeed £2uUs pertishare, mandb abtaintervlso thre monicth.a Paties desirous offes paying up cllsnn af ivner wldbe llwdrn.rs By sm otrterat of the peardn, pErOnu.HERY ARI,S. Semaled'shareicertifcate -O-lld b irssutedt inechang fori the hanker' For he nfomaton Foprtie deious oef apyigforloayo TtheDeshres,theDrsotetorsbgtD(,on st latetht helieof railwayuis ease 18 I ndthechageOfd dbetreadinterest Londteretlo anonxce theintres o £17,10,whih, t 5 pr cnt per Cannii inefe,ence on theprefeence hares The isy as ben ope ed o to ple IS monts. he arnngsforthelOs 12monhs ere£101u0 andothe yeses.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~en erat Tendsrs, sealed up, may beAddresse to.the.Secretay;.and..f..c uinsire,furter and ull paticulascmarbiotaioned..by.app.icat..o..at the ompny'soffces,wit thefor ofterde.............. Form of Tennder.gnaure To te Drecors f te Nrth evo Ratwayand toc Company,2, Sharsl oman smaller nubRailla ottedtom. aNdtc i engaey tg pa to The Companys bleankr-hed deposint oe e sharsm e, withsintoed monthe fOmlce your aeCoptance,o my, tedr.gIii msreLnoi rwt h ResientDiretoram, Glentlemen, your threedient shenlrant, Ub London,Descripti18n . ESOYALASWDERSH RAILWAY-fSo C1 Nommittee ofsInvestigaticon.gveNotice,i thateb then thpesio ofe sigNaTure examCIncPed,istaiye upnda the Shares n biain of the Company, Pd,ceiLS,I byo Messrs.9Broo,uigeshaw, aed W,tesotthdimpyo Myestabise athe genuoinreness of the sgenaues r,tlb.inessothereon.ny 18, Cannon-street, MaBB,hS3c,etas. By Ast.m4 Tof ning st ailwayfth Company.-itic is req erebd git ven, prny,iato the rhates"0 per cent.rert anaumfolte six trontake ending the GethnArl Meinstn, wilt be PAYABLE ton andsi sfter tharrth dthe.se otaice of the Company,a le4, 1in (liam-stefreet,c Meetndo,og wt. h eietUDirecTorea Firectbon ofr three domanys wheneb dgive will bet thembard-streets, and a th cnormitycehs-ice1 of the Companyniy'seobrg Staute. hvevots FRteDGeerICl H.eby,ta GECH Scrnetary. o the so-atreet,andeonftoelega ismhereby givrentholesat thnemTW tnTg in this uendertakin wiemll beaheld atr the Oicestf theyCon payin Non.01 vfoked,accordingto Arndon, fon hrsa,te2h dayCND ofTXG Atrb nolexr,a 1o'loke1tho precisly andxt at th O'ilgc of.,a the Company. lc Oe ia Sta SationAD15,oNoa9 Bigs,bon.Tedy h t ayo a et t1 o'lc Bpeiey, onde the gheneralruiesdfteCosay Signed, Te Wiear P. R,ICARTIS,d 'rSIdVt. Lisbon, 17;h lH.CHUar,bScretary ByX Art.c 40 otherb statuen,o thet CoMpaTNyo ithiequiared hatleeryo prpretaorve sharesa wito bearer."t tohenabnleohi tovlake tartop theGteneralox Medetingawil beri oblge ato1 deposit pecichshaesl ihyh. Sce taryof he Cmpa atleatB1 odays befethe suchMeeing 'AILWTAY PEndNSULARRALLWAYEoTIPIRthe ShareOdIEr, who, irndconfesrsit withAtc 17d Cof, cotheactompanf's Satu%et~gtesiaevthesrinatesGeneraltAssemblon,othatrin onseiuence ofil the no-tedneoahelglnmetfShrhlesah m heetn ofte GeneoralAssembl calledou foritendst inst. thieyioare aganhon laoked o17,acctrdangtoAit15,h folreassEClloNDr MEEtIG to bent horenss onithe a4th Cof' Apronet,racts 1iclole p.m. eatre thte Company'saOics SNota Apoteoni, Lisborn.Cute,Nrl doi odnadBak Noie otise heeb gppivetin, thao MeETiNG of itheanSIhaebottingthero th paovewlilwhaywris emhelds atrte displaydon tavecrn, B eshorate streest,tions Wede bv-netonlnesda, prl9.at1 oclc peiely.ifrato a bebaustnerinf-taeseBypordaiter f theBofpbird. had-n OFFICE,ai 57, yavetisnra ogn era-Mess orsSMTandto.ontIureactIrsgfor ladertdisilayg in theRva carriagesan a the lttinst on vario us ineso ril-ic whay, begnouinformen themirnumbefrou fie endsand compaiorathat theyhaveyha REMVE fdvroisme4, sing-street,il bheaprieand 29, ronmo y asngelnotin,es to 157. trand toewhichoaddressl render mit ber suenirt.oMes-ny Smthe andiu Co.' contractsincludenea nthe.rrAte onila thetLoonn and, Noth-rwestofern.oEastr Counibtlies Noranthemslvndon iaLtond on andielac walvl, TiOry acort.u g Sout tallbrsosethiem Soff, lVigrralley yn Eas founcatthnivel Pndterustaions ofer thel Northy upondonthdo satind Brallswal,a nesofpasin tmeand tl EatetrnaContarives.RaiWayt. Pospertodsu oadetsn,tedo appincationto Messs Smthan d Co,Isatii usr anerth therm uprown wsich Uo advrtiametsar.wetdspaed insil the caraesoIt the stations on stheds aboventioned lines, aunitlbeoete eveyenfrmton may be. havediffnerent sthese imofhrte,antmediums tof publicinbe.Theead,an coedcoment Th vat nmbe ofperonswhomus speeiman anounhe-e mentdislayd i arlisay arrage- te lngt oftire durpiteing whic thatannuncmen reain befre er ees;tir comprative caser-. taity hatan dvetiemet s plcedwilob radvethrough by psen-r gers tied of he montony o a bagraiwa jory,an having notin eleuo.ccp the Irtougts render. itdfarsuperiworks oto n thocolwdsh ofpperonsit Ro. yrri theaevenos.witemrlg forfrends' arrivlor mauaccmanr n othrsto seet them ola, wigncerallyg bemfond meanste oforpassing tim Veaayiltire traine artivles. With onbldthe modfes thenthrns-nasie. Uon raiway wheherIns.d the carriagesfor a pubic,tht teyarer mesue frcd t rad t.maylessrn Smth and Co.hav disentdserIes tof chresdes, acco ougto the inumber,b of carriage or statironsreiniredobylte aderiser,o andto thelength andimPortace ofnth Paclnersf adrailwayr Chosen. To9 givoa sprecime of thes chArgs, thyRONl sTAtoNha adoriSemnt canable ofspholyding10 carriages, eitheruons PathewaLondon b andNothWetherno tire Estern.o carrliateo(abot 000e ncrthlatter ofice, the cc motydecharge anyda-11, theirstmatengineetr. Appoler to meet the Simpsyon, rs-admn upon, thembford-thisefectvtn.ualeatce realdtfe teverbet ateiria st-rthereud ST rAIcENGN of Is12derl. o 'U horse ple;qien .Frpicadprilasapya h East London Ironworks, Mile-end. Persons requiring steam engines or machinery of any kind are solicited to inspect the style of work and facilities of tire above w.orks. S TEAMI-EN'GINE.-T0 bc DISPOSED OF, a new 16-lhorse pow er high pressulre tabile STEvAM-ENSGIN;E, fitted up run a -eysnro and substanutial manner, zrat-ended for shipment; also. aboitlOfcet ofbright sh:,tting. Apply to Mlessrs. Mecdwin and all,D engineers, Surrey Iron WVorks, 92°, Binekiriare-road, where the above may be seen. pATENTS.-Mr. VAUGHAN, British and Foreign Patent Agent, 59, Cnancery-lane, traisacts every description of business connected with patents for inventions upon the lowest terms, Specifications drawn or revised, and translations made. P ATENT.-To be DISPOSED OF, an INTEREST t in a PATENT, succensfully introduced, highly important to the iniDng interest in the furtherance of its speculations, and by which 30 per cent, bar been realired on the outlay, with comparatively triffing risk. Address h. C. T., Deacon's News Rooms, Leadenhall-street. TL OAINUFACTURERS, Capitalists, and others.- T To be DISPOSED OF. the PATEN2T for the MANUFACTURE of S.IOK;E-COTSUMING ROTARY GRATES. Satisfactory reasonas given for disposal. Apply to Mlessrs. Callen and Co., British and foreign patent olice, 23, Parliament-streEt, W estminter. FFICE for PATENTS, 89, Chancery-lane, January, 1856.-Provisional protetion for testing the value of inventions during four months ma be now obtainued. Letters, patents for inrentions, andforeign brevetsobtained. Designs registered. The Patent Jounat from 146. Lettes to be directed to Messrs. BARLOW and Co., Ofdice for Patents. 89, Chancery-lane. t-ARSON's ORIGINAL - ANTI-CORROSION %J PAINT, specially patronised by the British and other Governx aents, the Hon. East India Company. the principal Dock Companies, most pubhl bodies, and by the nobility, gentry, and clergy, for out. door work at their country seats. The anti-corrosion is particularly recommended as the most durable out-door paint ever Invented, for the preservation of every description of iron, wood, stone, brick, compo, cement, &c., wvork as has been provedt by the practical test or upowards Of fiO years, and 6y the numerous (betwveen 500 and 600) testinnonunls in its favour, and w hich, from the rank and station in society of those vwho have given them, have never yet been equalled by anything of the kIdnd hitherto brought before the public notice. Lists of cclours, prices, tagether with a. copy of the testimonials, 'cii be sent on application to Walter Carson andz Son, 9, Grest lVir.ch~es. .tlyCo o1 QlUxotl-streetl ligyol3 1sxciaago. LO4d,n N9 55gnlc.j
ST. )LABGARErS CHUBCHYARD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-St. Miargaret's Churchyard-' 'Ah !" you will exclaim, " another of these metropolitan improvers with his pet grievance." Well, Sir, but St. M1argaret's Churchyard,-go and look at it, see what Eome one is doing to it, mark the effect of a parochial paving contract, and then listen. St. 3%largaret's Churchyard is an ancient cemetery, full and fat with the mouldering remains of Westminster worthies, great men in their time, no doubt, but now forgotten, gone clean out of mind, trodden dow%n and trampled under foot by fresh generations of Jones, and Snith, and Brown. A few years ago, when in this conservative land our legislators slowly came to the conclusion that the worst use you could put a man t4D after he was dead was first to cram him into an elm shell, then to thrust him and it into a leaden box, closely soldered down; then to pack him-body and bones, and elm and lead, and all-into a mahogany French polished mummy-Case; then to cover it with black serge and brass nails, or black velvet and silver-gilt plates, as the case might be; thento put him sixfeet or less under ground inthe heart of an enormous city, to become speedily, and to last for years, a festering, lingering, loathsome focus of corruption and infection to all the neighboiurhood ;-I say, when this was thougght to be bad and unsanitary-pace Archdeacon Hale, who still thinks it good and wholesome, and who snuffs from afar the exhalations of a London graveyard, as Isaac snuffed Esau, and gloats over them as over " a field which the Lord lath blessed"-why, then Jones, and Smith, and Brown ceased to be buried in St. Margaret's Churchyard, and the parochial gravedigger had rest from his labours. But,-besides their elm, and lead, and mahogany, and serge, and velvet, and brass nails, and coffinplates inder ground, Jones, and Smith, and Brown of bygone days had seciured their restingplaces by huge stones laid over them, on which their birthday, their death-day, their business, their virtues-how virtuouis a man always is on his tombstone !-their wvives, their children, and all their collaterals, ascending and descending, were duly inscribed until the stone was -full. Now, there are twvo grand evils attending this laudable habit, whichl are painfully evident in St. Margaret's Churchyard-one, that the level of a fat London cemetery, swelling with the mortality of centuries, is difficult to maintain; for, though Jones, or Smith, or Brown was a grocer six feet high, and stout in proportion, he collapses dreadfully in time, in spite of elm, arid lead, and mahogany. Do all you will, he has a habit of shrinking and crumbling, unitil, wvith Hannibal, you may weigh hiimi in his own pound scale. In time, then, as neither Jones, nor Smith, nor Brown were turned out by Providence aU to match in size, like contract boots, and as there have been manv generations of them sweltering, swelling, shrinking, and cluLmbling all at once, it will be clear to the meanest capacity that no power on earth,-not even that of King Thwaites, -can male these iunmannerly corpses dress up in line and keep their level; that consequently, while Jones's stone rises at one end and sinks at another, Brown's rises at one side and sinks on the other, while Smith's-who was a fat but humble man, and therefore buried without leadhas sunk down bodily half a foot or so below the surface. When you add to these considerations the inevitable decay and perishing of the stones theniselves you will see at once that if a shortsighlted man by day, or a longsiglited man by night, wishes to know how he may breal his nose or dash out his teeth in the least possible time, let him walk through St. Margaret's Churchyard. " eHic qiuestio," as the schoolmen say, " solritur ambldando." So much for the first evil, which is public; the second is like unto it, only private. Gravestones, however deeply cut, have a tendency to become effaced, especially if the yard in which they are laid is a thoroughfare trodden by the traffic of a great district. If, therefore, an Assmodeus were to convey the worthy Jones, or Brown, or Smith back to upper day, those respectable tradesmen would be sadUy puzzled to find the place of their interment. It is true they would find many stones, but they would find a large proportion quite illegible, and many more showing here a letter and there a letter; J S for John Smith; 17 - for the day of his birth, 18 -for his death; outs all that remains of his many good qualities-which may be a bit of 'o2id0'uo, but also of captios, or fradious, not to say cl&ouZsc; half a death's head, the uinder jawY of a cherub, the low.er portion of an hour-glass, looking. for all the world, like a wine-glass. This w.oilda I be all that would be left i? ?nemoriam of John Smith ; and yet his executors had his stone duly cut and carved in the New-road, and, sparing no expense, hadl it carried and laid heavily over the departed vestryman. This is a long beginning, but it describes faithfully the state of St. Margaret's Churchyard,-a place of illegible tombstones over men whomi every one has forgotten, all at a different level. ! It is a public nuisance, and is useless as a memorial of the dead. WVithin the last few days, however, the authorities seem to have been animated with preternatuLral vigour; they are levelling the churchyard, turning up the bones of Jones, and Smith, and Brown at an awful rate, using the tombstones as pavingstones, joining them together with a mosaic of odds and ends of Yorkshire flag; in fact, doing a paving job of great dimensions. Now, if I were Jones, or Brown, or Smith, I should first decline to be dug up for the sake of my neighbour's level; next I should not object to have my ileg,ible tombstone turned over to make a flagstone, but I should demur to its doing double duty as tomb and flagstone ; and, last of all, I -would remind those whom it may concern that all this levelling is utterly useless. I would say, " In a year or two aU the stones will have sunk again, for the simple reason that there can be no true foundation forpaving in this rotten soil, where we, Jones, Brown, and Smith, for many generations, have been mouldefing together. If you wish to effect a lasting improvement, and not perpetrate an unsightly paving job, take away al the stones ; trench the suiface; lay it with sods-Sir B. Rall knows how, for a new alTival says he has just done a job of the same kind at Buckingham Palace ; get the Dean and Chapter-who have nothing to do vwith the churchyard-to throw into it the strip of ground which surrounds the Abbey; plant it wvith a few trees, planes for preference, which will shoot nobly in our ashes, and be a perennial memorial of our many virtues; rail off the turf from the incursions of the youth of Westminster, who now so much disturb our rest by tipeat, and rounders, and chuck-farthing; make our resting,-place really holy groud,ith twvo thoroug,hfares across it. ThenWestminster Abbey will have a verdant close, ' our bones will not lie scatteredi before the pit,' nor will the public break theirs, or their eyes be offended by what is now the loathsome spectacle of St. Margaret's Churchyard." For-give me for pleading the cause of these poor ghosts at this unconscionable length, and believe me, Yours. &rC.. RESURGAM.
LEPSIUS NOT LIPSIUS. TO TH}E EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Whenever there has been a misprint in the classlists of Oxford or Cambridge, you have always allowed a successful candidate for honoursto set his name right before the public. Allow me, therefore, to call your attention to a slight misprint in your correspondent's letter from Berlin. It was Professor Richard Lepsius, notf Professor IApsius, who first discovered, from internal evidence, the forgery of Uranius. The name of Lipsius, once famous in German philology, has again appeared in the ranks of continental scholars, and it is but fair to give credit to whom credit is due. Allow me, also, to ask your readers who take an interest in these matters to suspend their judgment with regard to another German scholar whose name is indeed not mentioned, but who is very clearly pointed out in your correspondent's letter as the real author of the forgery. Whatever may have been his credulity or carelessness, there is no evidence as yet to warrant so grave an accusation, and to stigmatize one of the oldest and most eminent European scholars as an accomplice in the forgery. x 3L u.xiofi, iamcfl Zb.
THE LATE EXECUTION.. TO THE EDITOR OF TP-P. IPT%r Sir,.-In this city, when a crimina-l un-dergo'es the lasb sentence of the Ia~ a cord is tied round his legs beneath the lknee; it is done in a second or two, and this simnple precaution wouldI have prevented t-he harrowing scene witnessed at Newgate last Mondav. X Ork, Aplil 2. HUMANITY. TnEE LomxN GmlAL O.xmus CompANY.- TP7CAFM STATEN-T..-Week ending MIarch 29.-Total eceLipts, 9,141?, 1. lld. Number ot-omwopawork, m,v
IBELAND. THE -EW LAW APPOLNMEN TS. (fROx1 OIR OW- CORRPrnPwrA DU1BLIN, ThCIRSDAY lORmNG. mThe announcement of the vacancies in the boroughs of Athlone and Ennis reached Dublin this morning, and thus put an end to a world of speculation as to the successor of Judge Torrens in the Court of Common Pleas. It is believed that no opposition will be offered to the re-election of the new Attorney-General, whose popularity with his constituents is something beyond the common. Of course, it is not yet known wlho will be the candidate for Athlone-probably that most restless of seat-seekers, Air. John Reynolds, exmiember for the city of Dublin. A Newry paper gives the following account of the last moments of AIr. Justice Torrens - " On Easter Sunday the venerable Judge Torrens attended Divine worship at the cathedral of Derry, and there partook of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. He afterwards was overcome w ith faintness, and was carried out by the Mfayor and others. He, however, rallied soon after, and was able to attend to his judicial functions on Monday morning, and finished the business of the assizes. His Lordship then proceeded to his residence, near Tobernore. On Wednesday he wrote his reply to the address of the grand ury, and v.as so well on Friday that he shaved himself and dressed. On Saturday lie a<gain took unwvell, and exPired calnily that evening." THE SADLEAI FRAVIS. The extraordinary disclosures partially'made in the evidence given by MKessrs. Kennedy and Morroghl before the Master in Chancery have, if it were possible, added to the surprise created bythe conclusion of the career of the giant swindler, the extent of whose frauds, great as they were, is even yet imperfectly known. A fewv days more may, probably, further enlighten the public with respect^to John Sadleir's transactions in the Encumbered Estates Court, as the documents promised to be produced by the solicitors above-named cannot fail to afford fxiU information upon this chapter of the suicide's history.. The Freenia's Jor76urid, commenting upon the revelations of Tuesday last, observes:- " It appears from the examination of Messrs. Morrogh and Kennedy, before Master Murphy, that the hope in which the depositors indulged was delusive, and that not one single perch of the land purchased by Mr. Sadleir witlh their money has been in any way charged with the sums so advanced. The London and County Bank has got no less than.20assignments of Irish property purchased by Ur. John Sadleir, no doubt, mostly by the moneys advanced by his brother, Mr. James Sadleir, out of the coffers of the Tipperary Bank; but, so far as we can gather from the facts elicited at the Master's office, on Tuesday, the shareholders of the Tipperary Bank have received no security of any kind agaist the lands purchased in the Iiish court, and are shut out from alt claim on them by the London and County Bank. Thoso who frequented the Encumbered Estates Court on auction days, or who perused the lists of purchasers, will remember that at every great sale the name of Sadleir appeared as the purchaser of the prime lots. The vast sams so invested in his name excited surprise at the tiuie. Those only, however, who were in the secret knew that it Was a vast scheme, in which speculation and fraud were so commingled that even now it is difficult, with the aid of all the light thrown on.these events by the subsequent disclosures, to say where one began and where the other ended. In every case it would appear that the Tipperary Bank supplied the funds. Mtr. Nornsas name was to he used in a transaction of over 10,0001., the mysterious character of which has yet to be unravelled, and the Tipperary Bank supplied the cash. The mortgage affords no clue to this fact-the deed discloses no trust on the face of it; it is yet uncertain whether the mortgage was boand jfide to Mr. Norris indihidually or to Mr. Noriis in trust for the bank, but Mr. Ilorrogh gives the creditors of the bank the benefit of his memory and impressions, and both concur in showing that the money came from the coffers of the bank. We must admuit that the purchases made by M\r. James Sadleir seem to require as much explanation as those made by his Late brother, and that gentleman will have, in defence of his own reputation, to disclose with great minuteness the circumstances which caused him to make purchases in the name of another party, and to have the property legally vested in that other party, at a time when no pecuniary transactions wvith the fictitious buyer and no family arrangements seem to have required that concealment. The cause of this concealment is involved in mystery. The facts already known to the public suggest but one explanation-that the money with which the property was purchased was themoney of the bank, not Mr. Sadleirfs, and that for some as yet unexplained motive he was desirous not to appear to have had such command of capitaL AMr. John Sadleif's plunder of the Tipperary Bank amuounted to only 200,0001. There are other two hundred thousands unaccounted for. The Glengall mortgage, if Mr. Morrogh's impressions be correct, accounts for 10,0001. The Kilconinel estate seems at present to account for 12 or 16 other thousands; but it is hardly possible to believe, if this Kilcennell property was really purchased by the money of the bank, that the manager who attempted to concealtthe fact of his having purchased that property, and who, when the bank was more than insolvent, fabricated and circulated a report representing the profits on the year as 9 per cent., has not effected some other concealments, the disclosing of which will lessen the calamnitv which his management of the bank has brought on so many innocent victims. We may be wrong in our surmises, but no person can have read the proceedings on Tuesday last without feel'ig that we are at least justified in believing that, so far as the ruin of the Tipperary Bank is concerned, Mr. James Sadleir was more guilty than even John Sadleir, and he is the party to whoni the shareholders and the depositors principally owe the calamitous condition to which they have been reduced. The London and County Bank have obtained from Mr. John Sadleir 20 assign;nents. Mr. James Sadleir, who acted on behalf of the Tipperary Bank, and who advanced to Ins brother over 200,0001. of the moneys of that bank, does not appear to have obtained even the semblance of a security for these advances, and unless the Kilconnell estate affair be satisfactorily explained the shareholders and depositors' will be disposed to conclude that their money was concealed behind the name of law, and that arrangements were deliberately made for gliding quietly into the enjoyment of that estate by a process wvhich it will be the duty of the official manager to ascertain and to expose, hut which at present we do not desire to characterize," THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 92i .f ; ditto for account, 8th of April, 925 4; ditto for new account, 8th of May, 924; New Three per Cent. Stock for account, 8th of April, 92i ;D -- Royal Bank of Ireland, 101. paid, 19 ; City of DuIn Steampacket Company, 1001. paid, 59; Irish Consols, 1!. paid (for account), 5s. 6d.; Mining Company of Ireland, 71. paid ~for account), 14. lRailways.-Cork, Blackrocl;, and Passage, 201. paid, 1OA; Dublin and Belfast Junction, 451, paid, 434; Great southern and WVestern, 501. paid, 524;, Midland Great Western and Royal Canal, half¢-shares, 25!. paid, 244 x. d.
LA_SBETH PARISH AUSD Sil B. HAL's Bir.-A numerous meeting of the ratepayers of Lambeth was held at the vestry-hall on Wednesday evening, Mr. Churchwarden Stratton in the chair, to express an opinion upon the bill brought in by the Attorney-General to explain certain clauses of the Metropolitan Local 'Management Act. The two members for the borough, Messrs. WilkVinson and Williams, and MIr. Mmrrough, M.P. for Bridport, were present. The chairman, in explaining the object of the meeting, said that no one could have imagined that when the Liberal Sir B. Hall brought in his Local Management Bill he had a secretdesignof deprivingtheratepayers of their privilege of electing churchwardens and overseers. Mr. Giles moved a resolution expressive of the indignation of the meeting at the attempt on the part of the reformed House of Commons to take away their authority in the common law vestries to elect churchwardens, overseers, and other parochial officers, contrary to the express stipulation given by Sir B. Hall when his bill was passed. mn supporting this resolution Mr. Giles contended that it wvas tusjust to leavethe power of electing churchwardens, icc., in the hands of such a body as the newv vestry, and 5aid that at the recent election for churchwarden at the new vestry the number of votes was 24, and for overseer in one district the highest number was six, and the lowest one; altogether there were 30 votes for overseers, who were to tax 13,000 rated inhabitants of the parish of Lambeth. In the open vestry election for tho same officers the numbers were enormous. Ho cared not who was churchwarden or overseer,. but it was the principle he contended for. M1r. Fowler seconded the resolution. Mfr. Murrough gave an account of an interview which he had with the Attorney-General on the subject of his proposed bill, and said that learned gentleman, in referring to it, described it as a Hail's bill, adding " I am doing the best I canwith it, but I can neither understand the bill, nor do I think I ever shall." (Cheers and laughter.) 3Mr. Murrough proposed an addition to the resolution, "That if the Attorney-General weeds ith his fetropolisLocal Management Amendment £ricsthe members for this borough be requested to use their utmost endeavours to get a clause inserted for preserving to the ratepayers of the metropolitan parishes all the duties, powers, and privileges which before the passing of the act had been perforsued and exercised by them in vestry, relative to the election of churchwardens and overseers for the poor, or the nianagement and relief of the poor, and the admninstration of their property applicable to the relief of the poor." Several gentlemen having given their opinios upon the subject, the original resolution proposed by Mr. Giles.was carried unanimously amid great cheering. The ider proposed by MIr. MIurrough was also carried as a substantive motion. After addresses from Mr. Wilkinson and Mr. Wilhams, a committee was appointed to prepare a petition to the House of Commons founded on the resolution. RuoinuToRtYA ENxD INDuSTRiL ScoooLs BEn.- A bill has been introduced by Sir Stafford Northeote and Mr. Liddell to amend the mode of committingcriminal and vagrant children to reformatory and industrial schools. It enacts, that "it shall not be necessaryforanycourt, proceeding under the act 17 and 18 Victoria, cap. 86, to name the particular school to which any youthful offender is to be sent at the time of passing sentence upon him, but that such court may make an order with the name of the school left in blankl to be filed up within one month after -sentence pased; this arrangemient, however,, must not lengthen the detention of any oftender in any ptison beyond the time specified in the original sentence. Orders may be amended wvithin a month, so as to substitute one reformalory for another, to which the culprit will then be transferred. Young persons mist not be sent to any schools to which their parents, on religiousgrounds, object. The power of the Secretary of State to order removals, &c., Is not diminished by this act. The expenses of removal are to be defrayed by treasurers of counties sard cities (under the act already recited), and, under the act 17 and 18 Victoria, cap. 74, by thbe parochial boards of parishes. The Treggury will pay for emo!yil.g ordered byv tse Secretary of State. - -
RJESTORATION OF THE ABBEY CHURCH OF Sr. ALBAN'S. Yesterday at 12 o'clock, a large and influential meeting of the nobilty, gentry, and clergy of the county of Hertford was held in the Town-hall, St. Alban'i, to consld&r the best means of restoring and upholding the ancien' Abbey Church of that town and of investing it with the dignity of a cathedral, with the view to its being constituted the seat of a new bishopric, embracing the whole of H1ertfordshire. The Earl of Verulam, Lord Lieutenant of the county, was called to the chair; and among the noblemen and gentlemen on the platform and i the body of the hal were the Marquis of Salisbury, Lord Robert Grosvenor, M.P., Lord Robert Cecil, ILP., Sir E. B. Lytton, ALP.,.the Mayor of St. .Alban's, Mr. Abel Smith, ALP., Sir Astley P.- Cooper, Archdeacon Grant, the Rev. Dr. Robinson, Master of the Temple, Mfr. C. W. Puller, Sir T. Sebright, the Hon. and Rev. W. C. Talbot, the Rev. W. R. Sonthweli, Mr. E Denison, Mr. G. W. Lydekker, Ar. S. Majoribanks, and MIr. W. Phillimore. The CHninar.As, in opening the proceedings, adverted to the encouragement he had received in the shape of direct countenance and of promises of liberal contributions wherever he had propounded the project of restoring the venerable and magnificent fabric of the Abbey Church of St. Alban's. He proceeded to say that, if the report of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, made a few years ago, vhich recommended the erection of a new bishopric in that neighbourhood, had remainel untouched, it might not have been necessary for the county of Herts to move in the matter; but since that time the Cathedral Conimission had issued a report which ignored the recommendation made by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and it was now therefore imperatively incumbent upon the inhabitants of Hertfordshire to make a great effort to elevate the Abbey Church of St. Alban's into the rank of a cathedral, aduirably adapted as it was for that purpose, and to constitute it the* seat and centre of a diocess. (Cheers.) The present relationship of the county of Herts to the diocess of Rochester, of which it was now a part, could not be more aptly described than in the wrords of a friend of hiis, whoi, asked what could be more undesirable and unsatisfactory to the people of Hertfordshire than to have their cathedral on the other side of the Thames, and their bishop living near the German Ocean? (A laugh.) They had now the remedy for that lamentable state of things in their own hands, and hewas sure the meeting would not separate without inaugurating the restoration of an edifice erected on the spot where the proto-martyr of England died, and in which the Crusaders had knelt in devotion. (Cheers.) He appealed to them to support him on that occasion in his efforts to divert from himself and them the opprobrium of allowing a fabric so rich in architectural beauty and grandeur, and so replete with historical associations of a stirring and elmobling kind, to rot on the ground until in the lapse of time it became only a heap of rubble to indicate the place where a temple had stood. (Cheers.) - The Rev. Dr. NICHOLsON, at the request of the chairman, read an elaborate and interesting report, drawn up at his (the chairman's) instance by Mr. G. G. Scott, the eminent ecclesiastical architect, in reference to the present ceondition of the Abbey, the grounds on which it ought to receive the dignity of a cathedral, and the works necessary for adapting it to that purpose. "The qualifications," Mr. Scott stated, "which would entitle a church to lay claim to selection from among others for the dignity of a cathedral wvere, a commandinig historical interest marking it out preeminently among the churches of the proposed diocess as the first and most distinguished among them; its own magnitude and dignity and the architectural beauty both of the fabric and its accessories; and the suitableness of its plan and structure to the actual practical uses of a cathedraL ie pointed out the historical interest attaching to St. Alban's as the successor of the great Romano-British city of Verulam, and the scene of many of the greatest events in the earlyhistory of our island, rounded in the days of Constantine the Great, in honour of iEngland's first martyr, and within 10 years of his martyrdom, it was probably the earliest of any church now exstingin Britai,B and possibly the only instance of a church clearly proved to be the lineal sucecessorof one of those built on the first establishment of Christianity in our ccuntry. The church, as built by the early Nonrsan abbots, was of vast dimensions and of a beautifully symmetrical plan. The nave in the western arns of the CrOSS alonemeasuredinternally no less thanuZ70feet iuleugSth, and the total length of the church appeared to hav-e been as much as 450 feet. It had no less than six apsidal chapels, besides the great apse, containing the high altar and the shrine of St. Alban, and its dignity externally was enhanced by three vast towers, one at the intersection of the cross and two on the western facade. Tho whole edifice in its perfect, unaltered state must have been dignified and noble in the highest degree; though being built entirely of Roman brick and covered both within and without with an incrustationof plaster, its beautywastheresultofouthne,proportion, and vastness, rather than of artificial details. In the 13th and 14th centuries great alterations and extensions were made in the arehitecture of the church. The church thns extended exceeds in length any other church oricathedral in Great Britain, and though in other dinensions it falLs short of York and some other of our great churches, it, as a whole, would rankin pointof extent among ourprincipal cathedrals.) During its whole history as an abbey church it was from time to time enriched by accessories such as monuments and screens, so that even in its present condition it is a perfect study of the architectureof the middle ages, possessinespecimens of the most remarkable kind of every period of English ecclesiastical architecture. Thereportt.endescribedthebuilding in detail, and adverted to its laving been despoiled of its costly accessories at the dissolution of the monasteries. It estimated that the total cost of arranging and repairing the edifice so as to have allthe practical requisites of a cathedral, and to be in all respects thoroughly substantial, would be about 18,000l. It added that the present state of the chapels intervening between the choir and the Lady Chapel was a standing disgrace, not only to St. Alban's, but to the country at large. That a building so exquisite in its design and details should, yearafter year, be left ina state worse than ruin, andexposed to a wanton and ruthless mutilation till it was now diflicult accurately to trace out the design of the lovely arclhitectural decorations once lavished upon it, and with a footway actually carried through the midst of it, was one of the most melancholy proofs of the low ebb to which taste and good feeling had falen which the writer had ever witnessed. Reverting to the exterior of the nave, and the older poations of the church, he expressed a strong feeling that in any future repairs which they might undergo, no attempt should be made to smarten up the old Norman structure. There -was a stern majesty about it which forbade the tampering of the modem restorer. He would say, repair those portions where necessary, but attempt no restoration. Those mighty walls of Roman brick densanded nothing at our hands but a few slight repairs, and any attempt to do more would only infringe upon their grandeur." The Mtarquis of SxnIsBnu said, hewaished the task of proposing the first resolution, which devolved upon him, had been confided to handsmnoreableto do jnstice to the beauties of thevenerable strnctuirewhichitwastheobject of thatmeeting, if possible, to restore; but the able report just read to them, which treated that part of the subject in great detail, had rendered it unnecessary for himn to advert to the architectural merits of the edifice or to its historial associations. All who had heard that report must have been impressed with the beauty of the original structure, degraded as it now was by the dilapidations w hich had takien placs in the lapse of time. It had iong been a matter of pain to him that such a monument of Christian grandeur should be suffered to fal into decay without an effort being made by the country at large to arrest the progress of dilapidation. The father of the noble earlnow in the chair, by great exertions, raised a considerable san of money, which was judicionsly applied in his time to the restoration of the abbey (hear, hear); and it was owing to that restoration that the abbey was now in a state which warranted them in meeting to consider whether it was now in their power, by liberal contributions of money, to restore it to its pristine grandeur. In so doing he felt assured they would meet with the support not only of the county in which it was located, but of the country at large, by which it -was regarded in the light of a national monument. (Cheers.) There were peculiar reasons why thlis time should be chosen for making the contemplated restoration. The rapid increase in the population aU over the country had given rise to the necessity for increased church accommodation. That church acconamodationhad increased largely in that county, and it hadin its turn entailed the necessity for a greater amount of episcopal supervision. He believed in no case was the want of that supervision so marked as in that diocess; for the present Bishop of Rochester, zealous as he -was and great as had been his exertions, was not able adequately to overlook so large an extent of territory as was now assigned to him. (Hear, hear.) The difficulty of the task was enhanced by the unavoidable distance at which the bishop resided from that locality, and that circumstance entailed a heavy expense unon the venerable prelate himself. For those reasons it w as the more desirable that they should restore the abbey of St Alban's to something likc its original grandeur; and when in that way they had provided a cathedral worthy of a diocess he thought they would be in a position to demand from the Government the creation of a new bishopric, of which St. Albanis would be the centre. (Hear, hear.) The noble marquis concluded by moving a resolution, to the effect that the Abbey Church of St. Alban's was worthy of every effort being made for its preservation by the county of Hertford and by the country in general. Lord R. GrtosvENOR, M.P., seconded the resolution, and in doing so referred to the interest and veneration which tlse Abbey Church of St. Albania, as a stately monument of piety and antiquity, had awakened in him in his boyhood, as he was accnstomed to pass through the town five or six times a-year to the residence of his family in the cormftry. H[e also adverted to the lam¢entable condition into which the people of this country had lapsed in reference to ecclesiastical architecture at the time when he came to man's estate. He hoped that that period had now passed away, and that an earnest desire now prevailed among nearly all classes of the people to see the erection of suitable churches throughout the length and breadth of the land. He felt that the Abbey Church of St. :Alban's was worthy of every effort being made to restore it, and. that its present p)osition was a standing opprobrium not only to the county of Hertford,.but to the whole country. (Cheers.) The resolution was put and carried with acclamation. Archdeacon Gso'r moved the ne.x-t resolution,- "That the permanent sustentation of the building would be secured, and thespiritual interests of the county in which it stood greatly benefitted by its being made a bishop's see; andthat subscriptions be at once entered into itha vie wto its entire restoration and adaptation to the purposes of a cathedral." He proceeded to show that, since the time of the suppression of the monasteries, the abbey had been in a constant state of disrepair, owing to its being isolatedfrom that vast and wealthy monastic system which first gave it birth, and which was productive of so much good and so much ilL The question now was, whether they of the -present day could take up that building and incorporate it into our own church system, and so permanently maintain it ? It was a monument of piety. dedicated to the service ofAlmighty God; and it would,bea lastingreproachtothemif.they neglected to maintain an edifice at once so giand-and so worthy the veneration of Christians; (Hear hear') It was lear that it was too large to be dealt with by our parochial system. That system had no means of providig for the permanent snmtentationand spport of such abuilding it comd gnly be token rsr pe1 dealt mi by oar ecclesiasti system; and he saw no way of permanently maintaining it unl'Zs lb was incorporated into a see and made the seat of a bishop's throne. For that an absolute necessity existed in the spritual wants of the popalation of the county, and in its peculiar relationship to the diocess of which it now foruied part. Mr. C. W. PUL' nm, in secnding the resolution, drew a graphic picture of the diocess of Rochester oE which Hertfordshire formed part *,hich, he said, comnprehended tho 'whole of two counties, and extended over a par of a thir. Its length, one way, was considerably more than 100 mile s it had an area of more than 2,000 square miles, and lation of (0,000. It comprehendse within ibs boundaries 600 churches and chapels; its bishop's palace was situatl in the middle of the county of Essex, 25 m ailes the crow few from the nearest pat of the county of Hertford, an-! 50 miles from that town of St. Albsn's. Its cathedral wa, in some remote corner of the-county of Kent, and -was separated both from Essex and Hlertford by the river Thames. He asked if it was possible that a bishop so situated, however kind and genial his disposition, could ever be the rel friend, helper, and adviser of the great body of the clergy over wnom he ruled? The remedy, he submitted, was simple and easy; andit was to separate fromthat vast diocess a new bihopric, co-etetnsive, or nearly so, with the coumty of Hertford, and with St. Alban's as its centre.- (Hear.) The resolution was carried unanimously, as was also the third, brieflymoved by Iord B. CECII, and seconded by the Rev. Dr. -RonISON, master of the Temple, constituting a committee of noblemen and gentlemen to press upon the Ecclesiastcal Commissioners and upon the Govermnent ih - pre-eminent claims of the venerable church in question to the distinction of a cathedral, and, should their prayer be granted, to recelve subscriptions and apply them to its restoration and rearrangement- the committee to consist, among others, of the Earl of Verulam, as treasurer; the Marquis of Salrsbury, the Mlarquis Townshend4 the Earl of Essex, Earl Cowper, Lord Dacre, Lord Robert Grosvenor, Sir B. B. Lytton, Archdeacon Grant, and Mr. Puller, with Lord Robert Cecil as honorary secretar-. The meeting w-as also addressed by Ir. Clutterbuck and Sir A. Dairvmple. Nearly 4,3001. was subscribed in the room towards the object in view, of whichthechairman gave 5001; the Marquis of Salisbury, 3001. ; .r. T. F. Gape, 200L; Sir E. B. Lytton, 1001.; Lord Robert Grosvenor, 103 guineas; the Earl of Essex. 100L, Earl Brownlov;, 1001.; the Countess Dowvager of Hardwiclke, 1001. the Countess Dowager of Caledon, 1OQ1.- Sir Thomas Sebright, 100L ; MIr. Abel Smiithj MYP., 1001., and many other gentlemen similar sumns. The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman.
PARIMAMENTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMMONS. ThmAv. AR. 4. OPRIrRR nr --t nM. aupply.-Uommittee. Ways and Means,-Committee. Viee-President of Committee of Counci on Education Bill,-Seconil reading. Vaccination Bill.-Committee. Joint-Stock CoRpanies Billn-Committee. Publi oe orks Billu-Second readin&. ilL and AIISt Ions Bill,- Second reading. Bankrnptcy and Insolvency (Ireland) Bill,-Seconldreacling, M. isces kRemovao, de. (Scot:and) BiD,-Sezond rea ling. Bankruptey (Scotland) BCll,-Cone,ittee. Tral of Ofienzes BD1l,-Aa amended, to be coDsiderdL fr. Hadfield,-eetnrns showing the amount of fees charged at the touseRof Commons upon every priate bi presented to the Housu frcem sesson lSt8 to 18S5. Mer. BEackourtb-Acconyth in deiail, of the expendintrs of 12 773s1.n3d. by the Commissioners of Work6,mn St, James's Lc. uahis, for the year cdeing the 31stof March 1to55 r And, like abccount f.or tho year endiut Mtarch, 1850. ,ered Estates Curtby hte laeveonraf lei, or any one in trust for him, specifying the nlame or title of the estate or matter in which each auchpurehase v.aamade, the names of the solictors hawingths carriage of the sale, and the amount orthe purchase money- Of the number of dedcrations of trust made by or to the said JohnT Sad1eir,appeasing in any book or document in the EncumnberedEst4tes Court.. specifsingthe names ortitles of the estateormatterinwhich such declarations of trust were made, and the names of the solicitors; having the carriage of the sales in such matters - Of the several orders made bytheeommissioners or any of them. extendingthe time for lodgment ofpurcbase money bythe saidJohm Sadleir ; specifying the dat-e of the order the amount of the purchasemoney, the name or title of the estate, anl the period for the ich the thme of lodgm ent wasextended; And of the number of conveyances execnteda b the Commissioners to the said John Sadleir, orany one in trust for him. £r. B.. Piuiimore,Address for retlurn oerf alt cases concerning the corectonof rimnos cers i HclyCodrsin whichu commissions have issued in England, with the report of such commissions, and of all causes tried in theArchs' Combtof Canterbury, and in theAppellate Court of York And, lIfke return from all the Ecclesiastical Courta of Iceland, dulring the period elapsing from thei'st of Jnuary, lf84t6, to the Is' of January 185e beth incusive. Mr. Spooner.-Detailed accoumts of the amount of purchae-money contracted to be paid, and the amount paid, for the enaringten-yore Estate, with the dates of each ,ayment; And of all moneys expended on that estate, in whom the estate is vested, vwo occupies it, and vhat income it produces. M£r. C. l?orster,-Adlres6 for return of the amount of fees and emolumelnts iucludingthefeesin insolventand protection cases) received for each district during the year beginning the 1st day of January, 1855, and ending the 31st dayofDeceniber4 1S55,byeach chief clerk of the County Courts, who is chief clerk of more than one district; and tbe amount of salary, fees. or emolumints (including the proiortson,if mofOffees paid in insolvent or teetion escl paid by m for or d gthe same period to the assistant dferX of each district in which he (the chief lerk) does not reside. Eointment under the statfutte of the 12thi° anrnd 1tha of Vnicdteoria chuap. 2 sec. 9 (Mlidland Greatwestern Railw-ay of Ireland) - Cop ies of awsards made from time to time by sa3id arbitrator under same section. ltr. Bellew,-Betams otfthe number of advertisements, andin what puble newspapers inserted, andhow often, advertising for contracts for the construction of a line of railvav from AtUione to Galray, under the termsof tle act of the 32th an i3th of Victoria, chap. f2. Mr- Doiyer,-To raIll the attention of the Hrouseto the constitutionk of the Boeard of Audit, and the defects in the la°F regarding the auditof public accounts. Mr. Peacocke,-Beturn of the number of prosecutions for adulteration instituted by the Excise durun the learslI, 1ES4. and fal: stating the number of cases inwhich they obtained conviction, and also the number of cees in which the penalties imposed vere remitted. tr.-1'ellatt,-Itetma of the number of bushels of malt in stok on which the additional duty was imposed in the last session of Parliamnent in EDgblnd, Scotland, and Ireland, respectively, and the dates oc which the said duty on stock has been paid, and the amounts palidat each respoctive date. Air. PeDatt,-Beturn of the number of busels: of malt made in England, Sootland, and Ireand, and the totals thereof in the years ending the 5th of July, 15 and 155. and the Ist of July, 1856. Mr. Hildyard.-To ask whether the attentizn iaf the Government hasbeen directedtDn the case of Susaunah Evans, aL girl 16 years of ac, conveyed to Hamburg for the purpose of prostitution; and whether, in cmnsequenceof the disclosures elicited-in the investigation of that case before Sir Robert Carden, any correspondence has taken I.Laco betwveen the Foreign Secretary and Colond IHodges, the British Consul at Hamburc. MSr. .1F Dtliams,-To ask the Attorney-Oeneralwhether he intends p roceedv.ith the biD to amend the Metropolis Local Management Act; and, if not, in ask Sir Benjamin Hall what means he int.ends. to ndopt i remove the diiculty maused byconfictina opinious respect'inc the provisions6 in the s3aid act as regards3 the election o3f parish offiicers. Viccoca3t Godevich,-To as; wvhether a document whiich has recently appeared, purportin3g to be a despatch vvritten by tihe British .Minister at W9ashinten in the Secreta3ry of State of the United States, on the 27th of February last, with reference in the dispntes between this country and the United Sta3tes3 on thesubjectof CentralAmerica is authenticA Mr. Wilson,-Civil servire estimates in Committee of Supp'y. In Committee of Supply,-Several .hon. members to move amendmnents on estimates. SirJ. Paliington.-To move an address to the Crown on the subject of renowed postal communication with Australia. M1r. Cowan.-To move that, in the epinion of this House, the pract.ce of billetting thesoldiers of the militia and of the line in Scotland upon private familiesis iniuious to the comfort and discipline of the men, as weUasoppressivetothepeople;andtthatitisthe dutyof the Government to take meanspermanently to .abolish the griev:ance. Ir. lfacartney.-Ta mere address for copies of aU comm:mications between the Ordnance and War Departments and the Encioure Commissioneca respectirg tbe acquiring and puchasing of certain extensive tracts of ommon lands in the parishes of Aldersholt. Asb, &e. for- miUltar purPose.
LORD SIFTESBURY AND " 31ANiUtACM Rn;S."The Earl of Shaftesbury has addressed the following Ictter to the editor of the umanchtster Examin'erand Times" Sir,-Excuse me for bringing under your notice anything so insignificant as the subject of my Ietter; hut it would give me extreme pain to believe that I was thought so foolish and so ill-bred as to be capable of reviling commerce and commercial men in the city of Manchester. In addrcssing the young men I stated no comparisons; lurged simply the temptations peculiar to their calling. I did not say whether they were greater or less than those of other departments of life. Whatever class I may be invited to address, I should always touch on the special difficulties of that class. There is, I know full well, an ample, probably an equal, amount of temptation and sin in every profession, station, calling, or pursuit. You declare that I have a; 'morbid antipathy tonmanufactures,' and announce, beforehanld,that you-solllnever accept my denial of the charge ; nevertheless, I will make it, and assert that the reverse is the truth; and I will repeat what I have often said, and what I hope often again to say, both in public and in private, that 'there are few positions more dignified, and none more convertible to noble and useful purposes, than the position of a great mastermanufacturer.' 1 am, Sir, your obedient servant, SHIAFTrSBUY. March 28" ST. sMiTE'S HOS AL.-The annual festival of St. Mark's Hospital, in the City-road, -was celebrated vesterday evenin" by an elegant entertainment at the Albion Tavern, Aldersgate-street. Diseases of the rectuim are common enough, and were never more prevalent than now, so that, independently of the duty of treating siich cases in a hospital as a rmatter of charity, it is manifestly to the advantage oftthe public that practitioners in the peculiar department of therapeutical science so well occupied by 3r. F. Salmon, the surgeon of St. Mark's Hospital, should have every opportunity afforded them by a large field of operation for the perfect study of this important and interesting branch of pathology. The chair at vesterday's festival was talken by the Lord .Mayor, who was supported by Mr. Sheriff Rose and Mr. F. Salmon, the founder of the institution. After the usual loyal and constitutional toasts, the Lord Mayor propo-ed "Prosperity to St. Mark's Hospital," and the toast was drunk with all the honours. It appears that in the year 1835 the present hospital commenced with resources so limited that the snm of 1301. constitned the entire amount collected for its establishment, and its present position is therefore a most gratifying one. This rise and pro'ress of a hospital established under great diffiulties, wvhich has often had to encounter bitter opposition, may be safely attributed to the success of the practice adopted within itq walls; and the excellence of its management in every departmert.. The hospital at present is capable of accommodatinr 0 beds, but its income is inadequate to the support of - 2L Esis a sad and grievous reflection; and it w;ill be for the public, by liberal contributions, to kIeep the institution fiee from debt, and enlarge its sphere of iisefulness. "The Health of the excellent Founder, and ,Surgeon of the Hospital, Mr. Frederick Salmon," was proposed by the Lord. Mayor in a highly complimentary speech, and duly responded to. A subscription of 700!,. was afterwards announced. "The Health of the Lord Mayor" was proposed by Mr. Sheriff Rose, andrespondedto byhis Lordsip. hehasrangements of the entertainment, under the management of Messrs. Staples, gave general satisfaction, and conduced in every way to the comfort of the guests. . HIGALAD ROADS AXND B DosEs.-iFrom the 42d report, just issued, it appearsthat the amount of charge in l1;5 under the act for maintaining aiia keeping in repair certain roads and bridges mnade in Scotland for the purpose of military communication, &c., - s 14,277f., and the amnount of discharge 13,1631., leaving a balance in the commissioners' hinds of 1,3113! Since the disastrous beasom of 184849 the works under the charge of the commissiouers have erjoyed a remarkable imnmunity from heavy casualties, and the last season w nmarked by any injury to the works beyond the ordinary 'eir and tear antal the 5th of -February -last, when a aiorm, lating two day.s, cn the western shore of Arxylesbire did sernous damage to the adS onv Loch Fynne.
7TE CRIMEAN1 r DO OF YA£QUIRY. The often.promi r , long-deferred meeting of this Board took place yestt rday in the hall of Chelsea Hospital. The attendance of the public, as might naturally be expected, af.er so rasany disappointments, -was excecdingly linited, and thk police, of vwhom there was a large body on duty, bad, no difficulty in maintaining order or insuring safety. -.Le arrangements of the hall have been already described, and are, with one important exception, of a most satisfactory character, and evince, on the part of the Board and of the officers of the Hospitl, a desire to afford the public every facility for witnessing the important proceedings about to commence. The single objectionable arrangement is that which places the reporters at a distance of somne dozen feet from the vwitnesses, -who, addressing their replies to the Board with their backs turned towards the representatives of the press, will be perfectly inaudible to those wvho will be cxpected faithfully and fully to record the evidence so delivered. This inconvenience is so obvious that we have no doubt advantage will be taken of the interval to elapse before the next meeting to remove all ground of complaint npon that subject. The hall was opened at 11 o'clock to the public, but it -was not until nearly half-an-hour afterwards that the members of the Board entered the chamber, having been previously engaged in consultation in their private room. The military commissioners, who were in full uniform, 'wearing the insignia of the various orders of which they are members, w-ere General Sir Alexander Woodford, G.C.B. and G.C.3LG., General Earl Beaucha.np, General Sir George Berkeley, K.C.B., Lieutenant-General Sir Jolm Bell, KC.B., Lieutenant-General Sir W. Rowan, C.B., Major-General Peel, M.P., and Major-General Knollys. Mr. C. P. Villiers, MLP., attended as Judge-AdvocateGeneral, and Colonel Douglas represented the AdjutantGeneral's Department; Lieutenant-Colonel Bagot officiated as Secretary to the Board. The Earl of Lucan was present for a short time, but left before the Court met. The proceedings were opened by the Judge-AdvocateCeneral reading the original Royal -warrant of February 25) institrtiuig the Board, during wvhich all the members of the Court remnined standing. The Jndge-Advocatc then read successively the warrants substituting Sir A. WVoodford for Lord Seaton, and sir G. Berkeley for Sir T. M'Mahon. Tne members of the Court ha ing taken their seats, The JUDGE-ADvoeAt7 said,-Since receiving the first R oyal warrant appointing this Board, and statingtheproper matters to be inquired into, a letter has been addressed to the Commander-in-Chief by the Minister-of-War, contailling further directions as to the matters to be heard by this Court, which I will read,- " War Department, Feb. 28. "My Lord,-I am to signify to your Lordship that the Queen has beenl pleased to appoint a Board of General Officers, which should be convened as soon as possible, for the purpose of taking into consideration so much of the Reports on the Supplies to the British Army in the Crimeea,' lately presented by Her Majesty's commands to both Hlouses of Parliament, as aulmadverts upon the conduct of certain oficers upon Her Majesty's BGeneral Staft and in Hler Mlajesty's armny. "It is considered that such s Beard vwill best bring before the Queen the explanations which these officers are desirousto make of their conduct as affected by the said reports, and ultimately leadto a just judament tlereon. * I am further to state to your Lordship tlle importance of giving to this inquiry every degree of soletmnity and publicity which usage and precedent have in like eases admitted of, and that the Judge-Advocate-General be specially instructed to convey to the Board Her Mtajesty's comInands, not only to report an opinion upon the matters referred to them, but also to submit to Rer M1ajesty wvhat it may be in their judgment best to he done thereon. * Your Lordship will be pleased to receive Her Majesty's Pleasure vwitl respect to the proper measures for carrying these Her Majesty's commands into execution. "I have the honour, &c., "1 PATIIRBJ "Field-arshlal Viscount Hardinge, G PC.B. ac.' The PRESID-NT.-Can you furnislh us with the names of the officers wvho are referred to in the warrant as being desirous of making statements to us ? The JLDlCt-ADsVoCATE.-After receiving the warr-ant I made application to the Field-31arshal Commanding-inChief in order to ascertain 'rho were the officers referred to in the warrant as having been animadverted upon in the report and evidence of the Crimean Commissioners, and on the lath of March I received the following letter from General Yorke:- "Horse Guards, March 15. "Sir,-Having submitted to the Field Marshal Commanding-in-Chief your letter of this date. requesting to be officially informed of the names of the officers referTed to in the Royal warrant of the 25th ultimo, n-hose conduct has bceen animadverted upon in the reports of Sir John MI>reiU and Colonel Tuioch, and the evidence taken before those Commissioners, and who have in consequence demanded a fu inquiry into their conduct, I arm directed to acquaint you tb at the na nes of tho officers referred to are MajorGeneral the Ear. of Lucan, K.C.B., Major-General the Earl of Cardigan, K.C.B., Major-General Sir Bichard Airey, R.C.B., Qauartermaster-General; Colonel the Hon. Alexander Gordon, C.B. (Grenadier Guards), Deputy Quarterm-ter-Gereral. "I have the honour to be, Sir, Your most obedient humble servant, " C. YORUI." PRESrIDE T.-Wifl you now read the rules by which our proccedings will be regulated ? The Judge-Advocate read the following - "Rules for the Conduct of the Proceedings before the Board of General Officers appointed by the Royal Warrant, dated the 2{5th of February:- "1. The proceedings of this Board n-ill be conducted as nearlyas possible in accordance wsith the practice of ordinary muilitary courts of inquiry. "2. Evidence may be given before the Board either in the form of written statements to be read out to the Board by the parties tendering such statements, or by the oral examination of witnlesses, conducted as nearly as possible in accordance with the ordinary military practice. " 3. This Board is not empowered to examine witnesses on oath. "4. Every military witness will he informed that he is at liberty to decline nmcking any statement which m.ay form the subject of a ch.arge against binm before a court-martial, and that any statement which he may make after being so cautioned n-ill be admissible in evidence against h im. "5. Thc cases of the several parties who are considered to have a right to appear before the Board will be taken seperately." The Jr5IOE-ADVOCATE said no witnesses had been summoned for to-day, no official notice of the Boar&d's meeting having been sent to any one. It was for the Court to give what directions it thought proper upon that subject. The PRESIDENT inquired whether the parties to be examined were in towni The JUDOE-A.D-VOCeAT replied that he did not know, but he believed it would be quite possible to give notice for M1onday next to all who were interested in the proceedin,s of the Court. Was there any documentaryevidence whicl the Boarl would wish to have ? The PRESIDE-NT thought it would be necessary to have a copy of the report of the committee of the House of Commons which sat last year to inquire into the state of the army before Sebastopol. The JUDGE-ADnVOC.tTE said that should be obtained, and copies of any papers bearing upon the subject of the present inquiry wlhich had been presented to Parliament. The PRESrIDEx.-Which will be the first case? The JrDGE-ADVOC1ATE.-The case of the Earl of Lucan would be taken first. Would the Board require lists of the witnesses to be examined to be given in beforehand? The President assented by a gesture. The JrD(;E-A-vocATE.-Then, officers will deliver in lists of the witnesses they intend to call to support their statements. I undelstand also that all parties will receive notice of this meeting, that the inquiry will begin on Monday next, and that the first case taken will be that of the Earl of Lucan. The Board will, I presume, proceed upon the principle of taking the cases in order of rilitary rank ? The PEsDENsT.- Yes. The JUDGE-AsDVOCATE.-Then, the case of the Earl of Cardigan will follow that of the Earl of Lucan. Do I understand the Board to desire that sunmmonses should be sent to any other parties than those who have applied to be heard before it, and whose names I have just read ? Sir G. BERuELEY.-We have no official knowledge of any other persons. The Jut;GE-ADVocATrE.-Then, the Board will wait until any fresh applications shall be made to be heard by it. Sir G. BFRFXLEY.-Wil1 yotu not send notice to Sir J. MI'eill and Colonel Tufloch ? The JUDGE-ADVOCCATE.-It is quite in thle disretion of the Board to order it. There is nothing in the warrant about that. It only directs the Court to receive explanations fromn certain officers. Sir G. BEP.}EI,EY.-But, as a matter of coiutesy, notice should be given to them. TheJ DGE -AivOc. TE.-Then, I take it to be the opinion of the Board that some notification should be made to the Commissioners, as a matter of courtesy, that their report is about to be called in question. I do not know exactly n-here those officers are to be found; hut I presume their uddress is known at the Horse Guars. Sir G. BisERELEY, after receiving a suggestion from Colonel Douglas, said the addresses of all officers were known at the Horse Guards. The JUDGE-ADVOCATE said he was not aware that they bad ay other business to transact at that sitting; and the President then declared the inquiiry adjoursmedtill 11 o'clock cci Monday next. The proceedings occucpied only nelf nho-ar. ACYSTA PAL CE.-ON}: S am?G R& DAY Thursday, April S.-Admissions on payment, 1,478 7ditto, by season tickets, 231; total vsitors, 1,709.
PARLIA2ABMEiTABRY INTBELLIGBArOB. HOUSE OF LORDS, THuSDAT, AP-REi 3. The Earl of SHAFTESBURY presented a petition fromn Woollaston in favour of church-rates. Lord BERNERS presented a petition from a parish is Glocestershire to the same effect. OUR CONSULAR SERVICE IN TURKE1 Y. The Earl of SHAFTEISBURYgave notice that, on the return of the Secretaryof State for Foreign AffiWrs, he would move an address to the Crown, praying Her Majesty to institute an inquiry into the character aid condition of the British consular service throughout the Turkish empire. TORTURE 1S INDIA. The Earl of ALBE3MARLE said, he hiad two notices on the paper of the house, both connected with the same sabject. One fixed for the 14th of the present month coon sisted of resolutions founded on a report laid on their lordships table, and the other was fixed for that night, and they both related to the practice of torture in the Madras pre. zidency. The papers wvhich he should move for to-night, related to 14 fresh cases of torture of a much more recent date than any to be foand in that report, and were of so hlte a date as the 27th and 28th of Jaly last. He had in his owi possession copies of the documents he moved for, and of their authenticity he had not the slightest doabt; but his experience of the little informnation obtainable from the home Government on matters relating to India made him not at all sanguine that the papers for which he moved would be produced. He would therefore avail himself of his present motion to bring forward such inforraation as he possessed, with the view of strengthening the point he vwishedto impress on their lodslhips' mindsthat this disgraceful system of torture under the British Govermment could not bo done away with -without legislative interference. The tax for which this last tor&ure wvas inflicted was called the " moturpha," that being an Arabic word, and sufficiently indicative of the barbarous origin of the inmpost, which was introduced into India by the Nlahommedanis. Lord Cornwallis, whose humanity was well known, immediately perceived howv cruel and inquisitorial a tax this was, and he very properly abolished it in 1793 throughout the British possessions in BengaL In Bombay it was abolished in 1&44. It never had any existence in the NorthWest Provinces or in the Punijab, the warlike character of the inhabitants there having some influence on the East India Directors, and making their fears nmore powerfil than their rapacity. It still existed in Madras alone-IMadras, ever miiemorable for the excessiveness of its taxation and the tenacity with which it was retained. In the district of Chengleput, where the allegedtortutres had so recently taken place, so odious and oppressive was this tax felt to be, that n 184 the inhabitants rose up against it, and there occurred a tumult bordering on insurrection. At the latter end of last session he made a statement at some considerable length, to prove the cruelty, absurdity, and mischievous nature of the tax ; and he would not now repeat what he then said, but hie would quote a few words from a petition, which was placed on their lordships' table in 1853, and which contained a most masterly summary of the wrongs the unhappy people subject to it suffered under. The petitioners stated that the moturpha vwas a tax on trade and ocCupations, embracing -eavers, carpenters, all workers in metals, all salesmen, 'whether possessing shops, which are also taxed separately, or vending by the road side, -c. ; some paying impost on their tools, others for permsission to sell; extending to the most trifling articles of trade and the cheapest tools the nechanic can employ; the cost of which is frequently exceeded six-times over by the moturpba, under which the use of them is permitted. Among the implements deemed worthy of taxation was a barber's razor, probably not worth more than 2d. The petitioners complained of the absurdity of the tax, and of being compelled to go to the collector for a peroit to use their implements of trade. Thus, the barber went to the collector to obtain a permit to use his razor, and miight be kept waiting three or four days, during whilch time he had eaten the head of a razor off over and over again. However, the petitioners treated all these as minor evils compared with the discretionary power vested in the collector, wvhich created a well founded fear that, according to the pleasure or cupidity of an irresponsible collector, extorlion and oppression iight be practised. A good description of this ta was tobe found in the e-idence of Mr. Dyle, a very able Madras civil servant, which evidence was to be found in the Commons' report of 1S53. That-gentlemanstatedthat the collector had not thepowerof clhecking imposition, ashe did not know -whether the rate was just or unjust. If ever there was a case where indulgence should be shown by a collector, it should be in reference to thle co'lection of a taxs of this sort; but such did not appear to he the conviction of Mr. Shubrick, collector of Cisengleput. On the oth of July, 185, Mr. Shubrick addressedStreevansee Rowd , one of his deputies, tellintg huu that he had left the whole of the loom tax (amounting in angblis money to 211h is. 4.) uncollected in the vilage of Pairapollrund, and directin him under the penalty of " a severe order" being issued acainst him, to coilect the tax fro certain tweavcrs in his district. Though he (Lord Albemarle) did not know whbat this " severe order" wlas, Streevansee PRow did, and on the 2T'h of Jnly thios deputy colecter ordered the weavers of the vilsge to appear before puns. Fonrteen of the unhappy inhabitants w,ere caught and brougoht to his offlce at S o'clock in the maorning, and were inmediately subgected to torture, in, to use the mild words adopted by the colector in his magisterial capacity when the case camne under his consideraftion, wcere "put underi restraint." One part of this restrainbat was wpishment almost uni ersally Pra^tised in l hadras, and consisted in makinD the ingctim stand in the sun with the body bent towards the ktnee . The placing of the muscles in this nnnatural1 posture 'was in in itself a cruel torture, but it was generally heightened by a stone of about ]12b. weight being put upon the back near th;e neck. He bad asked one of the most distinguihed surgeon,s int this country what w>ould be the effect of placing a -weight uponA the body in that manner, and he had been told that it would be like stiking a heavy blow upon the spinal cord. Some of the brother officers of Mr. Shiubrick did not treat this punishment as lightly as he had done, for MIr. Minchin, acting sub-collector oI Nellore, said in referenice to it:- "Considering the heat of an Indian sun, the manner in which the blood must flow to the head in such a posture as that enforced, and the weight of the stone which is placed on the sufferer's back, I have no hesitation in calling such practice torture, and that not of the least painful description." Mr. Minchin was fully justified in this opinion, for he went on to say - " An old man tied up in this mannerdied, in consequence of this torture, after an interval of some days. He was a Government defaulter in the amount of 2 annas and 10 pice -or Pd." For that small sun had this victima been sacrificed to the Moloch of Leadenhall-street. The unhappy weavers wvere not only subjected to the "anundal" at a time of the year when they were exposed to a burning sun, but during the wvhole time they were so exposed they were each of them pinched by two men and had to bear the weight of a nan, instead of the usual stone of 121b., upon their backs. Notwithstanding the intense sufferings they thus had to undergo they were not only deprived of food, but were not even allowed a drink of water to slake their tbirst. The torture lasted from S in the morning till nearly 10 at night, and, 'when at last the men were allowted to go to their meals, the physical torture they had suffered was succeeded by the moral torture of having the cloaca assigned as the place in wYhich they were to cat them. They were at last allowed to go away under the surveillance of peons, and on the following morning were taken to their own village in order that the money which could not be obtained from the penniless wretches themselves might be extracted from others; for, as they said in their petition to Mr. Shubrick, " they really liad no mnoney, and it was impossible to draw blood out of a stone by any process short of a miracle." Their torture recommaenced the next day with greater severity than ever, and at last the -women of their families parted with their ornaments, and they obtained a temporary immunity. How long it was to last he knew not, because at the end of their petition they still prayedfor a short respite untiltheycould find the wherewithal to pay their dues. On the i23d of August, 1855, all these cases came before Mr. Shubrick in his judicial capacity, and he would read the decision of Mr. Shubrick, dated the ath of October: "Considering that there was a large balance against these weavers which they had endeavoured to put off paying, the tahsildar, after sending his peons to them, was obliged by order in the Revenue Department (this was his own order), to go and collect the balance from them himself. There is sufficient reason for believing tbat he maybave put the petitionels under the restraint they complain of, and that the witnesses, though otherwise exceptionable, are in this instance to he believed. It will be sufficielnt to mneet the requirements of the case if the tahsildar is sentenced to a fine of 5 rupees (los.), and the peons who were his agents dismissed with a caution; and the same can therefore be ordered." Thus, all the parties to the transaction be hadl described had virtually escaped scot free. He now implored the Government to consider whether it was creditable to the country that the tan to which he had caUed their attention, a tax mnost unust, unequal, absurd, inquisitorial, reDug. nant to humanity, and contrary to every principle of jiohihical and economical science, should any longer be allowed to exit The noble earl conclutded by moving that anhumnble addreqsse presented to Her MLajesty for a cODy of an order, dated the 5th July, 18o5, from Mr. C. IL Shn rick, collector d ant mgsrate ofU Chinlepu,? e` to Stevase; Ro, ehi Idar (native colector) of Pariapollium, a district in that col- lectorate, directing him, under a penalty of a "severe order," to collect the Government loom-ta n; from certain weavers in his district " without leaving ay part whhatever unrealized." A copy of petitions, dated the 1st of August,185, 1to M)Ir.. C. L Shubrick, in his fiscal capacity, of several weavers of FariapolliuM, setting forth the cruel tortures to which they w ere subjected by the native collector Streevansee PRow, on the 27th and 28th days of July, for the non-payment of the Governmeent loom-tax, praying for a respite ftom payment on account of their poverty, and in consequeace of many of their inhabitants having ab sconded from their village. A copy of the depositions taken before the aforesaid Mr. C. I Shubrick, in his capacity of magistrate, on the 23d of August, 1855, of 14 weavers, respecting the tortures inflited upon them by the aforesaid Streevansee Row, on tue 27th and 2 Sth days of July, 1855 i order to realize the whole of the Governmeit loom-tax which evidence led to the eonviction of that officer. { copy of the opinion, if such should have been given, by the Governor and Council of Madras, or the Court of Fouidaree Adawlut, or other superior authorities, in respect to the deeision-of MTr. C I. Ihubrick, joint collector and m.agis trate of Chmgleput, iU the case of the aforesaid 14 weavers of Pariapolhium, by which the Tehsildar Streevansee Row was sentenced to pay a fine of onIy 5 rupees (or lOs.) for havingollected the Government tax on loom s by the instr - mentality of torture frora the weavers in question. The Duke of ARGYL, in the absence of his noble friend the President of the Council, who was unable to attend that evening, said there was no objectiops whatever to the production of the papers for which the noble earl had moved, but they were not at present in the possession of Government. lf, however, the noble earl thought that their production would in any way tend to elucidate the subjectof torture in India, a despatch should be sent to the Indian Go- ernmenu for them. The question of the moturpha tax had long occupied the attention of t'e Indian Government, and be did not altogether dissent from the opinions vhich the noble earl had expressed with respect to it. He Eelieved that every rmember of the Government was as anxious as the Inoble earl to see that tax put anend to, and although there were great difficulties in the way of its abolition le hoped | they would in a short time be overcome. He could not, of course, give any pledge upon the subject, and he only expressed the feeling entertained by the Government. He vould not enter into the question of torture, as it was shortly to be brought under the attention of the House by the noble earl; hut as a desnatch from the Indian Government upon the subject had been laid upon the table, he would now move for the p reduction of the answer of the adras Governraent to that despatch dated the 29th of December, 1S55. TheEarlof ALBEMARLEwas glad to hear that this absurd tax was to be abolished. Was it right that a million of British subjects should be liable to the terture he had des^ribed for the sake of a tax which produced a gross revenue of 112,7321., and a net revenue of barely 80,000Z. 2 He wished to kaow wvhether any of the papers for which he had moved -were in the hands of the Govermuent ? The Duke of ARGYLL said, the question of torture was quite distinct from the question of taxation. The imPOsition of the tax did not imply that it wa7s to be levied by torture. None of the papers were mow in the possession of the Government. The Earl of ILBEHARLE said, that vas exactly what he had supposed. He declined to withdraw his motion. The motion was agreed to, and the papers were ordered to be laid upon the table. Their lordships then adjourned.
HOIUSE OF COTitMONS, ThURSDAY, ArRiL 3. The SPEARER took the chair shortly before 4 o'clock. The Gainsborough Gas Bi3l was lead a third tirne and passed. Petitions were presented by Dr. I£rcrrELL, fronm redical practitioners and others of London, Darlington, St. Leonard's-on-Sea,; Oughtibridge and other places, Yorkshire; forking, Cheethlan-hill, Manchester; Brighton, Malvern, and St. Aubyn, Jersey, szainst the Vaccination Bill- by Mfr. K;RSanss, from the for.ough of Stockport, srgned by verylarge 3u5Lers; by Mr WsCIme, fromthe friends of lsaac Revel of Bradford, Yorkshire, by M#r. GisuRENE from H. Fearnside, MIB., :Ralph Clayton, bf,D., and Elliot Stewart, N.D.; and by Dr. MaCHELL, from Barnsley, St. Leonard's-on-Sea, and Westminster, all against the ?edical Bill; by Mr. DILL%VYN. from medical and surgical practitionersin Swansea; aiidbylr. TITE, from thC ledicalofficers of the Bath General Hospital, in favour of the Medical Bill; by Mr. DEEDEs, from Lynsted, Rent, against tho total abolition of church-rates without an equivalent; by Mr. L. KIX, from the minister, churchwardens, and other inhabitants of Roehampton, against the abohltion of the Oath of Abjuration; by M1r. PELxTs.TT, fromn Charles Hedger, chairman of the vestsy of St. George's, Southwark, for a select committee to inquire into the existing police system; by Mfr. Mfsnasosr-, from the Protestant Dissenters of Salem Chapel, Otley; and from Greenfield. chapel, Mianninghaim, Yorkshire, against Stte interference in the education of the Ipeople; by 31r. Press, from the inhabitants of Kachynlleth, infavourof the abolition of church rates ; byMr. G. DIJC.NcT, from the magistrates and town-council of the Royal burgh of Duldee, praying that reasures may he adopted for the totbl abolition of billetting soldiers in the militia and in the line on private families in Scotland; by Sir R. PEEL, from Messrs. Mayon and Tolson, manufacturers of Fazeley, Staffordshiro, in favour of the Factories Bill; by Mr. SPOOXEr, from Protestants of Templemichael, diocess of Killaloe; and the parish of Molahiffe, diocess of Ardl'ert; from John L. Draper, vicar of St. John's, Kilkenny, on behalf of his parishioners; from Protestants of Terryglass, diocess of KRillale; Hilconly, diocess of Ardfert and Aghadoc; Rathboyne, county of MIeath;* Donoghmore, diocess of Cloyne; and Killeevan, diocess of Clogher -all for the withdrawval of the Idaynooth grant; and from the Birmingham Chamber of Commerce, praying for an alteration in the mann er of assessing the profits on trade and cf assessing life annuities, &e. * by Lie. W. LocKhA RT, from the Senate of the University of Glasgow, against the Medical Bill; from the Committee of Commissioners of Supply of the county of Lanark, and the parochial boards of Govan, Libberton, and the Earony of Glasgow,> ag.ainst. the present mode of assessingr the proprietors of lands anld houlses under schledule A of the incohme-ta ;: from the towvn of Hamilton, against the present system of billetting in Scotland; and frrom thue Presbytery of Hamilton, and thte w,orkmnen employed at Barrowlvield, in thlecounty of Lanark, praying for a measutre to suppresS unlicensed broliers; by M.S.KKE.XDLIL, fromthe vicar and inhabitants of Ver-yan, and the inhabitants of Padstowt, in the county of Cornwal1, against the total abolition of churebrates; by Mr. BRO{TirROr, from the minister, elders, and. -memabers of the Presbyterian Church of lVarrenpoint, for closing publichouses during the entire Lord's-day; by MWr. ArEXA,-ER HASna, from, ministers, elders, and deacons of 3Free St. Mlattheav$s, ag,ainst opening the British Miuseumn on Sunday; from Andrew Scott .and Co., M'Bride and Co., John DBeunistoun and Co., Samuel Higgenlbotlsam, Watsonz hI'Nillians, John Camzpbell and Co., the trustees of Rvobert Johnston, R. F9. and J. Alexander, all of Glasgow; and from Stevenson and Sons, Crosslee, for asneudmentof the Factory Act; from the Parochuial Board of G ovan, and workers in Brook-street factory, Glasgowv, for suppression of wvee pawvns, and for the better regulation of dealers in old and secondhand goods; by .Mr. FOLrErT, from iMr. Birtw;istle, of Great Harw ood, in favour of the Factory Bill; by Mlr. BMKEss, from the congregation of Independent Dissenters, at East-parade chapel, Leeds, against the adop. lion of lord John Russell's resolation1s, and against the Government measures on edulcation; by Mr. ALY5ERa¶ANY, from the governor, deputy-govercor, courtt of directors, and proprietors of the Van D>ismcn'stand Company, pr.aying for more speedy postal communication betwveen this country and the Australian colonies; by Sir S. 2N011TsCOrx, from the rectorandinlhabitantsofMXark-Ok;ehsmpton, D)evonshire, against the abolition of church-rates without equivalent;by MAr. H. BERKELELY, from the Bristol Chamber of Commerce, praying the House to legalize partnerships on the principle of the French inn-, and to pass a law giving every racility for the incorporation and w.orliing of joint-stock companies; also, from the same body, complaining of the pressure of the incom e and property taxes on the trading, commercial, and professional classes, and praying the Hlouse to leave the assessing and collecting of such taxes to the Inland Revenue Department; by Sir J. AXaERnSOs, from the magistrates and towvn-council of Dunfermuline, praying for inquiry,. with a view to the adoption of a more efficient system of exaunination into case of sudden and suspicious deaths in Scotland; also, in favour of a measui-e for regulating unlicensed brokers; and from Mr. E. Beveridge, DunferniliEne, in favour of the F?actory Bill by Sir W. M'TACG.ART, from the masgistrates and towncouncil of the Reoyal burgh of Wigtovwn, agt,ainst a clause in the Nuisances Prevention A ct, by wlhi.ch the Board of Directors of Prisons arc appointed to superintend the execution of that act; fromn the same bodies and from Whithorn, in favour of a bill to suppress the system of unlicensed broker-, comrnonly called " Wee Pawns;" frosn the same persons, in favour of a bill to amnend the laws of Scotland regarding insolvency and banrpty; and from thle mnag,istrates ana towin-council of WVigtowrn, praying tha&t the magistrates of Royal burghs may have the same powers with respect to petty offences as thuose towns wvhich have a special police act; and by MAr. CowAyu, from the Association for Vindication of Scottish Rights, stating, that the herring fishery of Scotland has been raised to its Ilourishin" condition by the superior mana,,ement of the Fishery Boardl, by wrhose efforts various beat 'harbours have been improved as places of shelter; that it affords employment to a large number of the population; and is one of the best nurseries for seamen that remains. They deprecate any change in the present system, unless it be preceeded by a careful investigation by means of a commiuttee of this HXouse. GREECB. MIr. EWA^RT inquired of the First Lord of the Treasury whether any measures w ere being adopted to procure the removal by the Government of Greece of export duties and dunes, stated in the report from our consuls as pressing injuriously on commerce w.ith that countryl Lord PALME3RSTCON.-Thc subject referred to by my hon. friend has been for a considerable time matter of consnmunication between the GOreek and British Gtovernments, but up to the present period no satisfactory result has been obtained (hear, hear), and I fear that I cannot hold out any well-founded expectation that bettor SulCCeSS will arise; for such lathe aaninistrative capacity of those who nowr rula Greece that tlsere is no portion of the Greek territory in whlich either person or property is safe dmnino any part of the 24 hours, except three miles of the road betwveen Athens and the l?ineus, wvhich is patrolled night .and day by the French cavalry. (Laughter.) BLOCK9ADE OF THlE RUSSTAN COAST. Mr. J. MllTCHEL,L asked the First Lord of the Treasury whether British property to the amount of mnore than 1,0OO,OO01. sterling being now locked up in Russia it was the 'utention of the Government to continue the blockade of the Russian coast pending the ratification of peace?~ and wRhether, if thue blockade w ere to cease at once, an arrangemnent had been msade to enable British vessels to enter Runssian ports for commercial purposes without risk of seixure ? Lord PALlMERSTON.-Yesterday the Congress exItended the armistice to sea as well as to land. Hitherto it hnas been confined to land operations, and did not apply to sea. The reason was obvious. It was doubtful wthat the issue of the negotiationgs might be (hear), and it was evident that if free commeunications by sea had been permitted a c.hange of position might have been gained by the Russians whnich would have materially altered the condition of the belligerent parties in the event of the renewal of the war The signature of the treaty of peace having fortunately put an end to all chance of a resumption of hostilities, the Congress yesterday extended the armistice to sea is well as to land. and, as a matter of consequence, the blockades cease. (Hear.) Wfith regard to the second branch of the hlon. member's inqutiry, it isan question involving other considerations, and I amn not at the present momnent prepared to give a reply, REFORMA1TORY SCHOOLS. In reply to Mr. M9oonY, Sir GE. GREY said, he was not as yet in a petitionl to furish the metropolitant police moagistrates with alist of reformatory schools to whiich juvenile offenders might, on conviction, be sent. ALERSHOTT C AUP. In reply to Mrr. MlACAnrTE, -- MIr. MiONSELE, observed that thae official plas of the roads and ways in the vicini.ty of.Aldershott Camps intendled to be abolished, -with a view to the substitution of others, displayed all roads and ways recognized by the publia and the Board of Ordnance, but could not be expected to indicate tracks over common. The board desired to promote as far as possible the convenience of proprietors residing in the neighbourhood. (Hear,) COMUNICATION BETWEEN LONDON ANXD DUBLIN. In reply to Mr. GROGAN, MIr. WImSON stated that the tenders for an improved packet service betwreen this country and Ireland vere under consideration, and would be laid orn the table in a few days. JOINT-STOQK COTXlMIES BIIL. Mr. HENEXY gave notice that he should to-inorrow ask the Vice-President of the Board of Trade whether, in consequence of the numerous amendments of which notice had been given, it would not, in his opinion, be the more convenient course to comnit pro fos-ind the Joint-Stock Companies BilL PRINTING EXPE-NSES. Mr. WILSON observed uponthe propriety of members taking care to assure themselves that the " unopposed" returns for which they were in the habit of moving had received the sanction of the heads of the various departments to which such returns relatedL He found that in his absence yesterday, three returns were moved for and ordered, the production of which would beattended with considerable expense. Rfe thoughltthe privilege of movin, for returns ought to be exercised with very great care. He -was sure the hon. gentleman who had moved for the returns to whichhe referred had been tinder 'the impression that they were muopposed by the Govermnent ; but as there was great objection to those returns he felt it his duty to move, that the orders for their production be discharged. The returns to which he alluded related to the Customs' duties, to the consumption of hops andl malt, and to the daty or insurances. MIr. DISRAELI suggested that in future the consent of the Government should be given in writing to motions for unopposed returns. Mr. EWART thought it more satisfactory to obtain the personal consent of a member of the Goverment to whose department returns might refer. Lord J. MIANNERS observed, that some years ago it was agreed that before any member moved for a return he should consult the librarian to ascertain whether such return had been previousdy granted or not, and he had been under the impression that that course was still pursued. The motion of I-. Wmwsox for the discharge of the orders was then agreed to. TRAISPORTATIOLN. Mr. SCOTT then rose to move for the appointment of a select committee to consider how far, and in what direction, recent legislation and the substitution of other punishments for transportation had influenced the existing amount of crime. Tshe right hon, Hfome Secretary (Sir G. Grey) had given notice of his intention to move, as an amendment to this motion, for a slect committee to inquire into the operation of the act of the 16th and 17th of Victoria, chap. 9;, entitled "An Act to substitute in certain Cases other Punishment in lieu of Transportation." It would have given him great pleasure if he could have assented to the amendment of the right hon. baronet; but that amendment was limited to the operation of an act wvhich had had a mnaterial iafluence upon the criminal jurisprudence of the country, and which in effect was expiring. If his (Mr. Scott's) motion was too side, the amenudment of the right hon. baronet was, in his opinion, vastly too narrow; but although his proposal might be vide, he trusted it was not vague or indefiaite. The tendency of legislation in this country of late years had been to dim inish the amoant of punishment withthe hope that crime would consequently decrease. He believed, howvever, that instead of this effect having been produced, crime had increased He would ask the Hiouse to look, in the first instance, to the case of juvenile offenders, who were just entering upon a career of crime. Re was inclined to think that young offenders, wvho were inprisoned for the first time, were eneouraged to pursue a course of crime by the brief imprisonments to which they wvere subjected. Only that mworning he had visited a prison in the neighbourhood of the Houses of Parliament, where he saw one lad, only -14 years of age, whuo wasin gaolfor the 2Gthtime, and who was no w undergoing a sentence of two months' imp-isonment. That lad wfas blowfed to [pass his timne with 125 other boys, employed in pickig oskm, and probably inoculatingv his companions with his owuhbad habyits. In the prison referred to-Tothifl-flelds--there were about 900 prisoners, of whom 600 were females, from the old convicted felon sentenced to penal servitude to the comparatively innocent vagrant of tender years. Re saw no fewer than 200 in a single room, and he believed that upwards of 100 were lodged at night in one dormitory. The f emale prisoners ssere employed, somte us inakmng bonnets, others n knitting .stockings, others in picksing oalon, bat none enjosing the means of reformation. If the House should agree with him that the 16th and 17th of Victoria, chap. 99, ought to be inquired into, he sincerely trusted that the committee would not be fettered as to the natuire and scope of its investigation. There had been an almost endless number of piecemeal inquiries - the library of the house was filled with detailed reports and returns; but he defied any gentleman to pick oub of those document. anythinglikegeneralresults. Sowithour criminallegislation. Act after act had been passed for thepnrpose of repressing crime buLt each dealt with only a portion of the subject, and no attempt had been made to treat it as a whole. (Mear.) Between 1829 and 1854 the number of persons condemned to capital punishment decreased from I in 9 -of the criminal population to 1 in 460, and, as not more than I in 10 of those condemned to death suffered the extreme penalty of the law, the numiber of criminals actually executed miight be stated at 1 in 4,6',0. In 1829 the number of persons sentenced to sixbnonths' imprisonment and under amounted to 50 per cent. of the whole criminal population; now the number amounted to upwards of 71 per cent.; in other words, of 23,000 persons convicted of cimne, between 16,000 and 17,000 were now sentenced to short terms of imprisonment. Re was speaking not of persons summarily convicted, but of those who were tried at assizes and sessionss; for the Rouse was not sufficiently aware of the fact that the data upon whaich it founded its legislation did not show the whole, but only 25 per cent. of the amount of crime committed in the country, the number of sumamary convictions being three times that of convictions obtained at sessions and azsizes. So also with respect to the cost of clime. The RIouse was going to vote to-morrow a large sum for law and criminal expenses. The estimate had doubled within the last eight years, for, wherea-s it was 1,100,0001. in 1518, now it was 2,2-30,0001., irrespective of a further siun of 400,0001. Yet that gave no idea of the amount which the country was paying for crime, because, as the House was aware, the suins paid by the counties were far larger than those chargeable upon the national revenues. Rere, then, was another reason wvhy he could not accept the aunendment of the Rome Secretary. The population of England inereased with greater rapidity than that of any other country in Europe, Holland and one or two others, perhaps, excepted, and yet it bore no comparison to the growth of our criminalpopulation. It vas an appalling fact that there annually passed through our gaols a larger number of criminals than the whole population of the counties of Bedford, Berkshire, and Buckinghatashire; or, to state it in another way, that a number of persons equal to the vast population of Middlesex passed through our gaols every 12 years. Surely -it was the duty of the RoiLse to institute an inquiry into the causes wlhich had led to such a state of things. In the report of the comumittee of 1826, presided over by the member for the city of London, the peace of SlS; was given as a reason why the numnber of convictions had increased from 4,000 in 1805 to 16,000 in 1816. It wvas alleged that that immense increase was due to the disbanding of the troops on the conclusion of peace. But 1854 and 1855 were years of war, and it might have been hoped that, as some com,ersation for the horrors of war abroad, wve wroulld havena dninttion of crime at home. Yet the reversewas the fact, for int 185 the amount of crime was 101 per cent, over the preceding year, and 71 per cent, over the average of the ten preceding years. If it viere truethatthe increase of crime in l16 was oowing tothepeace of 181, surely it believed the Rlouse to talke precautions against the recurrence of the same results in 1S56, when we -were on the point of concluding a peace that he Irusted -would be honourable and lasting. The total nup,ber of persons confined in prisons in England ancd Wales in 1b50 was 150,995, so trat they formed about 1 in 144 of the entire population. The act 16th and 17th of Vietoria came into operation at a time whens it might have been hoped that there would have been such an absorptior of released convicts that no material effect wrould be produced upon the criminal statistics of the country. When that act passed it was strongly urged upon the Government that they should lengthen the period of surveillance exercised over discharged prisoners. The very hivimest authorities-Lord Brougham in the House of Lords, and the hon. and learned member for Camnbridge in this housestrongly urged that upon the Govermment; but the suggestion was disregarded. He knew that the system was sunported by Colonel Jelbb, who reported in August, lS9Z, that of 3,629 convicts who had been released aboat 96 licenses. or 24 per cent., had been revoked. Colonel Jebb added in the same report that he believed a more rigid examination into the subject wouid establish the fact thata far greater number than might be anticipated of these released convicts were doing well, because he was satisfied that the corrective training and discipline ofthe prisons had been attended with a marked success. In a more recent report Colonel Jebb's statisties showed that about 8 or 9 per cent, relapsed into crime; and he (Mr. Scott) was informed that the latest returns which the Government could supply would show that of 4,612 released convicts only 258, or about 5. per cent. had forfeited their licenses. Re certainly thought that that was a rather over sangtune view of the miatter, because he knew that in Scotland nearly 100 per cent. of these men were reconvicted ;. while In France, Norv,way, and most of the Engish counties, the-proportion was npwardsof 30 per cent. He had written to the-head constables of every county mn Englandforinfonnation uponthisaubject. Fromn thlree hehiad received noreply; five saidthat they were unable tofurnish the information sought; and the head (onstable of a metropolitan county statedthat, although he would be glad to afford every information in his power it was the policy of the Home-office to keep the constables in perfect ignorance upon the matter. The returns from other counties showed that the relapses, instead ofbeing 2l, or 8, or 9 per cent., were actually 31A per cent., which was, he ihought, much niore likely to be correct than the Government return. The Government out of a feeling of consideration for the convicts concealed their names, but when their names were concealed, how was it possible for the visiting magistrates to find them out? he believed, infact, that they did not find them out, and that the return of 311 per cent. did not represent the real number of ticlzet-of-leave men who again relapsed into crime. In bringing forward this motion he was actuated by no hostility to criminals, but was desirous of doing them as mitch service as he wished to do to the rest of society. Now, he would beg the Rouse to consider how the case really stood. The first thing done by a ticket-of-leave man after recelving his gratuity was to tear up or bum his license, which wras then of n use whatever to him. He bad himself cnown one m-an who had been released on ticket of leave. Re received part of bis gratuity and cedebrated his release at the publichouse. Re then obtained. employment, at which lie remained for about two days; and after another merzy boat he obtained some other employment. Well, the time arrived for receiving the second part of his gratuity; but some objection was made to paying him; so then he took to going to church, and the result was that he received hi; second instalment, and there could be no - doubt that it was eqpended in the same way as the first. The difficulties -which these men had to encounter weravery great, and they proceeded not so much froni the moral as from the immoral portion of society. Thera was, at was true, a certain i2tdisposition on the Part of honest men to eploy these persons, but the great difficuty which was in their wy was the feeling borne totiiards them by their old assoCiates, They looked upon them as spies, and, therefore, to prevent themselves being betrayed, they exerted themselves to the utmost in inducing themu to return to their old practices. In the report of the governor of Portland there vas an instance in which a boy had mentioned the difficulties which he hai experienced, bat he had resisted them aud enlisted in the army, but now that war was concluded there would not be that resort. The system of keeping the police in the dark as to the proceedings of these maen was the -most unwise which could have been adopted. It was unfair to society, it was unfair to the police, and it was unfair to the ticket-of-leave men themselves, because there wouda naturily be greater suspicion is the minds of employers if they imewv that these men were at large than if they wvere under the superintendence of the poice. The reslt of the system in operation had been to caUl for an increse of the Dlice force, and he believed that the amount of undetected crime was greater at present than itadbeen at any former period. Hehad found that ..tthe Waterloo terminus of the SoutJ-Western Rsilray in the year 1853, twopersons were convicted of offences ana sentenced to six years penal servitude; in 185 there were SiX persons convicted and punished; in 1855, 12 persons, an. in the first two months of the present year there were si: persons. The duties of the pohce -were increased, not only by what was done by the ticket-of-leave men, but by wvhat they persuaded others to do; for they were, in point of fact, professors of thieving-travelling through the country-who took in private pupils. The late Serjeant Adams, who had tried 30,000 prisoncrs, and who was a great authority on these subjects, mentioned his belief that nearly every man released on a ticket of leave had, on his original conviction, been a professional thief. The right hon. baronet(SirG.rey) stated that the Government had laid dowvn the rle that every convict should serve the fUll period of his sentence. If such a rule were carried out the convict -who had been sentenced before its adoption, and had been discharged with a ticket of leave after an imprisonment of 15 rmonths or two years, would have an unfair advantage over one who was sentenced after this rule had comeintoforce. Onedanger connectedwvith theticket-of-leave men arose from the occupations which they followed. Those who attendedthemeeting held by-Mr. E1 Mayheiv.were, generally speaking, either hawkers or costermongers. Some years ago he (Mr. Scott) wasvi-ited byahawlk-er of dishes, whom he afterwards found was Levi Harvwood, who was subsequently hung for the murder of a clergyman. It was not fair to the public that men of this description should be allowed to prowvl about their houses, - examining their windows and other means of access. Iu Scotland there had hardly been an offence of a serious character committed during the last two years u-bch might not be traced to a ticket-of-leave man. These mJen did not commit their offences in the towns or counties to which they belonged, buat in the neighbouring ones; and it was therefore most important that the Government should afford to the constabulary most abundant and correct information as to theit customs, habits, and lproceedings. Instead of being doctuments which they might put into the fire as soon as they were discharged, these tickiets should be real ticketsofleave, requiring renewal at short intervals. It was said that these tickets might be revoked; but he believed that of 400 or 500 which bad been granted only twvo had been withdrawn without the corviction of the holders. In one case in which a ticket-of-leave mnan charged with some offence had escaped owing t4 a faw, the judge who presided at the trial wrote to the Sctretary of State recommending the withdrawal of his ticket of leave- but the Secretary of State refused to interfere. One of the cases in which the ticket of leave had been revoked was that of a man named Jenkinson, at Glocester, who had harhocred aperson named Paling who murdered his aunt. He (Mr. Scott) trusted that he might have been misinformed as to the number of tickets which had been revoked; but he was convinced that the Government did not exercise over this class of persons that surveillance which was exercised ovar criminals by the French Government, and thout hichitvasnot safe to allowv such person,s to he at large in a populous country. 1Ie objected to limit the inquiry as was proposed by the right lion. baronet (Sir O. Grey), becautse there wvere, in his Opinion, other causes of crime to which it ouLght to be extended. One of these wvas the influence of the ablebodied wards in our workhouses. He believed that a statement mlade by the chaplain of Reading gaol, that the ablebodied women's wards were rmost contaminating places, was perfectly true. Another subject into which the committee ought to inquire was the shortness of the termsn of imprisonment imposed upon children. Eighty per cent. of the young persons committed to prison were so committed forperiodsof lessthanamonth's duration, and just long enoughto ruintheir character and render them familiar with a gaol, without doing them any good. A further subject for inquiry was the labour performed by prisoners. Let the House contrast the cases of tv-o laliourin men, one irL and the other out of prison. The latter had to work in all weathers for about 10s. a-week, on which he probably had to maintain a wife and family; while the former, if sentenced to a period of six months' impr:soDment, had something like luxury within his reach. A special committee of magistrates on one of the metropolitan gaols reported, in the year 1854, that, during the winter, the prisoners usually passed 14 hours in bed. The honest working man would spend only six or eight hours inbed. Picekng oakum, too, though not a pleasant occupation, wvas not such severe worlk as was often performed by honest labourcrs But, then, what were we to do with our prisoners ? On this subject the committee might, he thought, properly inquire whether in this country other employment could not be provided for them than that in which they were associated in large bodies, as at present. in wrance convict labour was applied both to private and to public workls,'and he could not see why we should not apply it in the worling of slate quarries, the wvorking of iron ore, draining Irish bogs, anad reclaiming waste land. With regard to private reformatories, he th1ought those institutions wvere of the greatest possible advantage, and did mnuch to reclaim and ref orm the criminal population, but, they alone wvere not sduicient. This brought him to the consideration,-liad we done right in ablandonin transportation9 For his owin part, he thought it a great mistake on the part of the colonial authorities to have ab3ndoned transportation, and at the present moment, when, from the dishandg of so mnany soldiers, a considerable increase of crime might be anticipated, it was very advisable that Parliament should reconsider the law on this subject. The judges of the three kdingdoms, as well as the recorders of ourcitiesandboroughs, wereto a man opposed to the abandonment of transportation. [Sir G. Grey remarked that it was not altogether abandoned.] Yes, the Government still maintained the system in the case of those serntenced for 14 years and upwards, hut his belief was that they had much better sentence to transportation those who were young in crime and who would help to build up an honest and moral population, instead of letting them loose again in this country to resume their old courses and becoine confirmed offenders It wvas said the ustralian colonies would not take our criminals, but those who stated this did not reflect that Australia vas very nearly as large as all Europe ruttogether. Surely oulr criminals were not to be excluded rem such an immense extent of territory. Nothing could be more satisfactory than the accountgiven by the Governor of Western Australiaof the capacity of thatcolonytoreceive them That-entlemanratheraskedustosendontmoreconvicts than to hoRa our hands, and he statedthat, notwithstaudinu the number of convicts admitted there, the social condition of Westein Australia might undergo comparison with any other part of HerMajesWs dominions. Thisstate of things the Government ascribed to the amount of liberty enjoyed by a ticket-of-leave holder so long as he conducted himnself wvith propricty,and to the severity withwhich the mangistrates dealt vnth those who relapsed into crime. The probation there was much more severe, and the surveillance, wvhen a man obtained a ticket of leave, more accurate, than wvere thought necessary in our own densely peopled country; and this was a point oF much importance, and ought to receive much consideration at home. Colonel Je bb in a late report, decLared that under the present system of discharge the imajority of juvenile offenders found their way back to their old haunts, undoin i a few weeks all the efforts made to eradicate their old habits during their period of confinement; and he regretted that circumstances had arisen which prevented these young men from recomimencing their career in a distant colony. -He (Mr. Scott) thought, then, that the Government oght to take into consideration the propriety of re-establishifng transportation as regarded these young offenders who were sentenced for a shorter period than 14 years. They -would also, he believed, do well to imitate the examnple so successfullysct in Belgiuam and establish a reformatory of their own. When they considered how large a criminl juver3e popul.ation existed in England he thought every one must admit that the reformstorysysteminthis countryoughtto be taken upbytheGovernment. Governmentoughttoadoptsomethinglike theinstitutionhehadalaudedto.andnotleave so ioiortanta social duty to be discharged by nere private benevolence. ReFonmatory schools shoud be establishedfor minoroffenders It was vell known that the county of Middlesex had obtained an act of Parliament two years aso for the establishment of reformlatory schools, huat therfe hadO been suc car laxty and provisons of that act that he thought it the duty of G- e,xtensive character foar tShe reform ation of children convcted of minor offences. Re, feared he had detained the House much too lon- on this subject, though he thoeht they miight occupy t'?semselves with great advantage.in dis. cussmg a queston which involved matters of deep interest to heocialwellbeing of the commuAity. (Hear.) )He had endeavoured to point out to the Government the line of dutt-hey ouh to take, and that it was incumbent. upon themi Ito estaTblih reformatory insti-tutions of a mational character, [whereby children -who had neither parents nor guardians to-, protect them might be protected by the State in habits of hon,est industry rtather than as offenders in gaols. After thiankin~ the House for having afforded hxin the opportunity [of bringing this important question forward, theglion. gentle. man counclded by moving that a select committee be up- pited ocosdrhow far and in what direction reent legilaton n tthesubstitution -of other piunishiment for tranporttionhadinfluienced t'he existing amount of crime. Mr. L~ DAVIES secondedl the miotion. Impresse as he was with the great imaportance of the suject, he exceedin gly regretted thaLt the rtight hon. baronet thLe Secretary of State for the Home Department, who had placed an -mend. mnent on the paper, shouldI not have taken a, more enlarged view of the question and one *hich would have embracedl the entire objc which was sought to be attainedbyhishon friend. - At the same time he was sure that no one was mnore deelyiaprsse wih he ityof hd ubjctthair the rigt lon,baone. Bt f. he abbisof he tmmittee wer retritedto n iquiy ito heoperation of the w.ct of he 6t an 1th of'Vitoia; cap. .99._which.substi tutd i cetai caes the puishentin lieua of trasportaton hemuh dubed he-he iaygreat Prcticlw good -would result. The object of his hon. friend tas, not to stitnte an inquirymerely as to the operation of that but to inquire as to what were the best meas of venting crime in generaL (Hear, hea.) He, howe hopedw that no division rould take place on !oresent occasion, butthat his hon. friend woula be ind 'by what might fall from the right hon. baronet, winthdraw his motion, and adopt the course wvich Government suggested. He wvould trouble the House wv a few statistics on crirnal offences. The commitmen from 1n34 to 1840 were 162,502; from 1841 to 1847th iwere 193,445, being an icrease of 30,943. From 18 1854, the commitments were 196,86L The, increase 1854 over 183 was 2,302;which added to the iner between 184OL and 1M7 made atotal increase of 33,245. rate of increase ofpoDpulation was a dup7icate in 58 yea while crimne doubled itself in 64 years. So that the incre of crime in relation to the increase of population deer and the social condition of the country was impoved. -begged the attention of the House to a - return wh had been made by an order of the House of comni Since 1S33 the number of convicts who received licenses of leave was 5,152; 447of those since been convicted, or charged -with suibseq offences; 179 of the licenses had been revoked, and 55 been refosed or 'withheld for misconduct; so that no than 1,180 convicts out of 5,152 had been found unwor of tickets of leave. That return was pregnant with mat in regard to the st;ateof crimne in this cotry. A few d ago an hon. member stated that in one nighit fonr atteD had been made on his house by a tickiet-of-leavema two others-his coadjntors. If it wvere askLed how it discovered that the mnan was a licensed convict, that answered by the fact that the party was taken up the next day for another offence. Was suchasystem,hew ask, to be encouraged? Was everyhonesthouseholder tobe posed to the nightly attacks of hardened men, wiho,a havingperrpetratedeveryde-criptionof crime, werelet lO renew their plunders on society? If, indeeal, the Go ment were restricted in their means of employin,g con to the limits of this country alone the diffciclty of question would be very greatlyincreased; but that was the case. There still existed the means of sedingai abroad, if the law itself had not imuposed any restric One object, therefore, of a select committee woiuld be ascertain to what places such criminab- could be sent, what 'were the best means of sending them to those But, even if it were not advisable to send convicts r was it true thlat there wvere no means of emploving them this country-? Let them be employed onyballc works, let it be distinctly understood that a certain rate of rem ration would be made for their labour-part of it to be plied to their own sustenance 'while under sentence, and remainder to accuimulate to their advantage and to received by them when tho term. of their sentence sh have expired. By this system the principle of self-in would be appealed to, and the best incentive of good con be afforded. But by the existing systema a man, on the pirationof his sentence,w asturnedbacLupon societya and his only resource was to seek his former associates resort to his old vicious pursuits. Would it not be better to devise, if possible, some means of giving employment to such cruninals, that they might nt least a chance of again returning to society reclaimed and i enne? In the hope that a select conmmittee might he ab accomplish this most desirable object, it -was -with pleasure that he seconded the motion. Sir G. GREY.-I quite agree with the hon. genti who has seconded the motion, in hoping that there V no division upon this question. (Hear.) I think it unnecessary that there should be a division upon it. p My apprehensions, in reference to the terms of them of the hon. member for Berwic'shire, have been fully firmed by his speech and the speech of the lion. memb Cardigan. I 'was afraid, looking at the notice he had that, by assenting to the motion we should commit selves to a very vague and indefinite inquiry, inclui immense variety of subjects, prodbably occupying tl mainder of the session, and merely leading tQ the acc tion of a great mass of evidence, wvithout any p result. In addition to inquiring into the operation of 1 of 1853, which abolished trausportation in a large major cases, substituted penal servitude, and authorizedthe letters of license to convicts, or, as they are more com chfled tickets of leave& the hon. member for Berwic proposes to inquire into the whole subject of reforma Jnto the worlkhouse system, which he thinks has a tendency to promote crime, into secondary punish and, indeed, into all collateral matters in any way r to the criminal population of the countly. - If a co 'Were appointed with the views of the hon. niemb Berwickshire and the hon. member for Cardigan, I do see why they should not inquire into the licensing s becanse nothing is more common and, I eLn afraid, true, than to hear it asserted that the number of p houses and beer-shops tends to the increase of crime. hear. There is scarcely a subiect into 'which inquiry not be made by a committee appointed in the te the motion of the hon, member. I think, therefore, desirable to define and limit the inquiry, so that the of the committee may have some practical object and to a beneficial reslt. But, in saying thlat, I have no exclude from consideration subiects wlich really have rence to secondary punishment and the position of ec I do not think tho amendment which I shall l will have that effect, but, if there be any I shall be very ready to celarge its and thus, I hope, obviate the necessity of anydi (Hear, hear.) It 'will be much more satisfactoryto h details of the operation of the act of 1853, under Avhi present system of secondary punishment exists, in the of a report from a committee, than. in a speech deliver this house, but I must be permitted to say that exagg notions as to the increase of crime seeam to be en which are not warranted by documentary evidence,a inconsistent with fact. In the criminal returns prep MIr. lledgrave the total number of commitments for each year for the last 21 years is shown, excluding su convictions, but including, of course, the graver o disposed of at sessions and assizes. In judging of crease of crime, not merely the nunmber of perbons, nature of the offences should be borne in mind. (H will not go through these figures year by year, but take one or two years at intervals. In 1834 the nun commit-ments was 22,451; in 154, 29,359. There is crease of offences, but the imiportant element of the in of population is not stated. I will takethe two years decunal census. In 1841 the nunber of Cormmitmen 27,760; in 1851, 27,9G0; and in the interval the pop of England and Wales increased more than 2, (Hear, hear.) No doubt, last year, there ras ar, of 2,000 in the number of conmmitents as compe 1851, bat that increase is explained in detail report of 3r. IEedgrave, Vho, in the course of it, o that it is a.satisfaction to know that offences atterd violencehaLve, onthcevhole, decreased. Withregard increase of e.xpense now incured ir the punishn criminals, as compared wvith former years, it should he in mind that while the, sct of 1853, abolishing transp in many cases, required the erection of buildings,. creation of ne-w establishments, those expenses, on will not a-gan occur. No doubt the detention of c in this cout does impose great expense; but th necessary incidence in the change of the lawv. It sho be borne in mind that comparisons of the expense no the expense 10 or 20 years ago are not fair, -mil transfer to the consolidated fund of the charges f maintenance of all convicted prisoners and for prose be taken into account. The hon member objects to t'le tion of the inquiry to the operation of the act of 1 caulse he says that act is an expiring act, and t transportation is 'abanidoned the hicenses will gr dimninish and finally be altogether extinguished. I remind the hon. memnber that the mauin object of the 1853 waLs not to enable the Crowin to grant limited and fied pardons, under licenses, to conviLcts sentenced to portationz, but to aboolish transportationx in all cases in the puniLshment 'was less thin tranportattion £or for fourteen years. Thbe great majority of sentences at asaies and quarter sessions 'were sentencesf periods; and, consequently the act of 1S53 did pro aLnd, reaLlly abobsis transportation in sin;-sevenths or the cases before liable to transportaLtion1. WVhat has results In 1854, inL Engolnd, Ireland, andL Scotfu persons wvere sentenced to transporStation; whereas, yeaLr precedingr the enactment there were r, than 3,059 persons so sentenced- (Hrear, Is think that a most iimportant change, but } from the speeches both of the hon. mover as| hon. seconder of the motion that they 'vishto resert system of transportation instead of adhering to the. of penal servitude. (Hear, hear.) The honL mens Berwicl;shirc says the systemc of tran5portation w.as abaLndonedI, without regardL to the opinion of the1 Swho, before a commnittee of the Housie of Lords, esedthei sene ofits alueand nsp mousg exresed teirsens ofits v alennim being hastily abandoned, it was ab impossible for the Government to adhere to the sy transportation without raising just cause of quarrel a tention with some of our most important colonies. hear.) In the statement that transportation to 1 Australia is almost abandoned, I can assure the hon. he is totally mistak-en. Every convict f£t to unde labour is sent toWestern Australia, the colonists most anxious to obtain their services in the c of public works and the making of roads, with a render the colony more inviting to free settlers. inconvenience in isdministering the law arises from t number of criminals who, from their previous drunkenness and debauchery, have so worn out th stitutions that they are really unfit for hard and are obliged to be treated comparatively valids. They are not capable of that labour e alone nseful to the colony-and is the only inducemen colonists to receive them, and, therefore, we have a able to send out a sufficient number of aBlebodied to meet the apresent wishes of the colony. (Hear.) I thirik it lil;ely we shall revert to the system of r tion as it exsted before 1853, but it is ~quite clear, s terms of my amendment, the committee 'will be able sider the esxpediency of the change. The hon. 3Den Cardigan has misappreherded the result of the retu number of convicts who have received tickets o He says that of 5,132 ticket-of-leave men ] 1,200 had been found unworthy of the The 447 convicts who, after receiving orders of Ii beenl convicted of'or charged with sbfent offec prise all 'whom 'we knew to have been committed! there may, no doubt, be others who have broe l selves within the same category and 'who ought to be accordingly, but, if so, they have escaped our o - The former sentences of ticket-ofMeave amen algain1 under the circaumstanceslIhave described are not Such a revocation would be superfluous, for, wh sententce is passed, the old one lapes as a matter of (Hear.) The 179 described in the rctur as co
COURT CIPRCULAR Tne Queen, attended by Lady Macdonald and Lord Alfred 3aget, visited her Boyal Highness the Duchess of Glocester, at Glocester-house, yesterday afternoon. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge *isited Her 3iajesty at Buclinghan Palace. The Prince Consort, attended by his Equerry in Waiting, visited Mr. Thom_ss studio, in the Alpha-road, St. John'swood, in the iorning . His Royal Highness went in the sfternoonto the Pro_ident Institution in St. Martin's-place. The Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred visited the Zoological Gardens in the Regent's Park. The Princess Royal and the Princess Alice took a drive in an open carriage and four. H er Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert, with the Princess Royal and Princess Alice. honoured the Haymnarket Theatre with their presenco in the evening. The Ladies and Gentlezten in Wlaiting were Lady AMacdonald, the Hon. Lucy Kerr, Lord Dufferii, Lord Alfred Paget, and Colonel F. H. Seymour. A deputation to lay before the Governient the great frauds o' the way trade had an interview with Lord Stanley of hlderlay and the Right. Hon. Robert Lowve yesterday at the Board of Trade. The deputation consisted of Messrs. :Rathbo:ne, Atrgent, Hasker, Rogers, W'ilon, Boyer, I'.Namnara, Wiing, Hudson, Hayman, Hartley, lHowes, and Ileddin. A deputation, consisting of Mr. Charles Lushington and 3Ir. L. Schuiter, directors, and Mr. Slight, secretary of the London and South Coast Railway Company; the Hon. James ELyng, M.P., Mr. Rich, M.P., and Mfr. Sey mour TeuIon, directors of the South-Eastemn Railway Company; Messrs. Williams, Rouse, and Brooks churchwardens of St. Savionrs ; the Rev. Jchn Brown, rector, and Messrs. Pur*vis and Hemmings, churchwardens of Christchurchl; and Messrs. R ichards, Isatacs, Monnery, Newvsomn, May, Wode, Eield, Hawkins, Perring, and Herbert Sturmiy, clerk-a deputation from the Board of Works for St. Saviour's distrct-had an interview with the R ight Hon. Sir Benjami Hall yesterday at the office of Public -Works, in Wmhitehallplace. The Governor and Deputy-Governor of the Bank of England had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterday at his official residence, in Downing-street. A deputation from the parish of St. Pancras had an inter-view with Sir Benjamin Hall yesterday. The deputation consisted of Messrs. F. T. Sheelen, R. Eckett,W. Dyke, Dr. W illiams, and G. WIe. F. Cook (Vestry Clerk). Despatches wvere received from the Governor of St. Mlelena yesterday at the Colonial-office. Despatches wvere sent to the Governors of Hongkong and Ceylon.
TEIE LATE SIR WVin3m SYmo.iDIs, K.C.B-The following sketch of the deceased's services is from O'Byrne's Biography :-" llis officer (vhose name had been borne, from 17S5 uDtil 17,- on the books of the Solebayand Charon, both commanded by his father, Captain Thomas Symnonds) embarked on the 27th of September, 1794, as nidshipman, on board the London, 9S, ?.ptains Lawrence William Halsted, Edward Griffith, and John Child Purvis, in whiich ship, bearing the flag of the late Sir John Colpoys, he witnessed the capture, in April, 179.5, of the French corvette Le Jean Bart, and 40-g-un frigates La Gloire and La Gonteile; took part, on the 2--d of June following, in Lord Bridport's action wvith the French fleet off fle de Groix, and was present, in April, 1797, in the mutiny at Spithead. He served subiequently off the port of Cadiz; and in the course of the year last mentioned, and of 1799 and 1S00, he joined the Cerberus, 32, Captains John Drev and Jares Macnamara; Cambrian, 40, Captain the Hon. Arthur Kave Legge ; ,nd Endymion, 40, Captain Philip Charles Durham. In those ships he eruised with great activity on the Western and Irish stations, in the Cliannel and Bay of Biscay, and on the coast of Spain. In the Cerberns he contributed to the capture, among other vessels, of L'Epervier, of ]6 giuns and 145 men; and Le Renard, of 18 guns and 189 men; and on the 20th of October, 1799 :e participated in a very gallant action fought near Cape Ortegal between that ship and five Spanish frigates, one of which was dompletely beaten. The enemy on this occasion hlad a merchant fleet of 80 sail uider theirconvoy, protected also by two brig corvettes. In the Cambrian Mr. Symonds accompanied the expedition sent inder Sir E. PeUeiv and Major-General Maitland to co-operate witlh the French -Royalists and Chonans in Quiberon Bay and the Aforbihan. Attaining the rank of lieutenant (October 14, lS0l), he was appointed in that capacity (June 21, 1802), to the Belleise, ,4, employed in the blockade of Toulon and in chasing the French fleet-March 15, 1804, to the Royal Siovereign,100,stationed in the Mediterranean, urder the flag of Sir Richard Bickerton, and for some time off Corunna; September 9, 1805, to the Inconstant, 36, Captain Edward Stirling Dickson, lying at Portsmouth Jlanuary 1:3, lS06, as senior to the Scorpion, 18, Captains Philip Carteret and Francis Stanfell, AIarchs 9, 1903, to the commnand of the Violet, lugger, on the Guernsey station; November 22, following, again as seaior to the Brilliant, 2S, Captain Thomas Smith, on the coast of Brazil whence he returned to England, and was paid offin October, 1809; April 1, 1811, to the San Domin"o, 74, flagship of Sir Richard Strachan, off Flushing - Noveinber 2, in the same year, to the Pique, 36, Captain the Hon. Anthony Mfaitland, under whom he served as first-lieutenant in the Channel, off Lisbon, and in the West Indies, until January, 186, and assisted in making several captures; and January 1, 1S25, in the capacity last mentioned to the Royal Georgeyacht,Ca ptainsthe Hon. T. BladenCapelandSir Michael Seymour. In the summer of 1806, Mr. Symonds, then in the Scorpion, was actively engaged in the West Indies in watching the movements of the celebrated French squadron nnder l:ear-dmiral Willaumez, in which Jerome Bonaperte had embarked. He aided in the same vessel at the eetruction of several forts on the Spanish main; and was in her at the capture, near ScilyJ of several famous privateers, including La Favorite, of 14 gums and 70 men; leBourgainvlle, of 1S guns and 93 men (taken after a long Chase and a running fight of 45 minutes); La Glaneuse, of 16 guns and 80 men ; and Le Glaneur, of 10 guns and 60 men. From 1819 until appointed, as above, to the Royal George, Lieutenant Symonds filled the situation of magistrate and intendant of the police, and captain of the ports, at Malta; and on October 4, 1825, he w as promoted to the rank of commander. About this period he was allowed, ander, we are told, a very unusual and restrictive penalty, to construct a corvette, the Columbine. To her he was appointed December 4, 1826; and so great was the success which attended him in the different experimental cruises he made during the next 12 months that he was advanced, as a reward, to post rank by a commission bearing date December 5, 1S27. At the commencement of 1831 Captain Symonds was enabled, through the munificence of the Duke of Portland, to build, as an improvement upon the Columbine, the 10-gun brig Pantaloon; the triumph of which vessel led to the construction, under his superint-dence, of the Vernon, 150; Vestal, 26; Snake, 16, and othIs. On June 9, 1832, lie was offered and accepted the appointment of Surveyor of the Navy, which he continued to fill until 1847. It is here -worthy of remark that out of 180 vessels of different kinds built during that period (all of them upon the principle of the Pantaloon) not one has yet foundered. In Jno, 1836, Captain Symonds received a very flatterin letter from Mr. TUrnell, private secretary to the Earl of ¶Imnto, then First Lord of the Admiralty, enclosing an extract from one addressed to his Lordship by Sir Herbert Taylor, of which die following is a copy:-" His Majesty has ordered me to state to your Lordship that, considering the situation which Captain Symonds holds, the able manner in which he fiUs it, and the necessity of upholding him in it, His Miajesty conceives your Lordship will concur with him in the propriet of Qerrin upon him the honour of knighthood, whscica 7w hips predeces8Or; and His Majesty wishes Jot -woi juu hiim ,to attend his levee on Wednesday ieatt Eort pa'rpoe pf receiving it."' On the 15th of the sa~e mwiih (lapniif Symonds was accordingly invested witli this .mrkN of Royal favour. We may add that he received the th-fnks of t}ie dmiralty in July, 1830, for a Mcrnoii-ntaininr1r "oPivq Dir ctionsfor tlrc Adriatic Sea; and again7,%- October, 1837, for "the valuable qualities of his several ships. and for imlprovements introduced by him into the navy." He was elected a F.R.S., June 4, 1835, and nominated Pa C.B. on tho civil list May 1, 8e18,
I MNPERIAL BRAZILIAN SINKING FUND.- JLNotice is hereby given, that, in Conformity with the contracts of the several Braziliain Fie per Cent. Loanairegarding the Sinkig Fond, theprie o th bods ein abveyr, heundersigned, the Consaradeu i.T. o CrtelIe ilorira.svivy Etrardiar ad Mtinister Court accmpanid bythe pnicsrepreentig the Contractors of tha i, Of the Loan of IVA4 Contracted for by the late M!r. N. M8. Rothschild, thne dividends on whbich are payable at the office of Messrs N. M8. Rothschild and Sons.N, vi:- 12 Bonds, Letter B. of £500 each.£ 6,00 90- C. of Sc0each..18.00O W20 - r,ofL£10 eeCh. 2Q,200 lOlBondsi, together. £4;,200 Of thxe Loan of 1829. contracted for by theo same,- S Bonds, letter A,ofl1.000 each . £,0 13 - B,of£ffi0each . . ~ 6 18 Bonds,together.£11,500 Of the Loan of 1839. contracted for by Messrs. Samuel andi Phillips, the dividends of which are nowr payable at the office of the said Mfessrs N. 38. Rothschild:- 27 Bonds, of £100 each.£5,700 10 - of £5100 each.2,000 2 - of £500 each.1.000 39 £6wseX,700 Of the L-oan of 1824. contracted for by' Messrs. ThomasWilson and Co., sand Messrs. Fletcher. Alexander. and Co.. the Dividends on wvhich are now payable at the office of Mlessrs. Alexander and Co., viz.,-0 S B1onds, Letter A, of £L 1000 each . £5000 15 - B, of XMO each - 7,500 22 - C, of £500each. . . 4,400 64 - D, of It0 each. . . . ,400 109 £20300- And ofthe Loan of 1829, contracted for and payable by the same par- ties viz. 131Bonds, Letter E, of £100 each . £6550 Be-ing a total of £94,200. in 483 Bonds, the equivalent of one per cent. on the ori'.inal amount of these Loans, and the interest upon the Bonds abTeadyr~eacemed; which 483 Bonds were accordingly, drawn to be paid iff at par by the Imperial Brazilaia Government on the let of October coat, when the interest will cease. The Bonds and Coupons thereto belonging most, therefore, be presented on that day, at the respective offices of the abovemen tioncd parties, by wvhom they will be duzly paid. (Signed) E. T. do C. MIOREL EtA, Envoy Extraordinaryand Minister Plenuipotentiary of His Majesty the Emperor of the Brazils at this~ Court. (Cnd intprsl gned) JOIHN S. VE24N, Notary Public. Nnunbera of the Bonds thus Drawn. Brazilian £6 per Cent. Loan. 1824, contracted for by the late Mir. IN. M. Rothschild. 12- Bonds of Letter B :- . 828 838 855 871 882 917 919 95-0 9J53 M 994 99891 for £2100 each £6,000 C0 Bonds of Letter C: 923 971 914 891 1047 1100 111l 1204 1202 1220 1277 1318 1422 1474 158 1651 1667 1727 1746 17-52 1760 1712 1813 1955 1989 209 2108 2191 2397 243 2504 2 529 2135 2550 2017 2644 2726 2879 2524 2960 5152 3148 31S1 3250 1249 1552 3501 3520 323 3610 5638 3644 3678 1695 3721 3775 3102 5504 5511 3849 357 3943 1965 0987 4057 4074 4077 4117 4193 4199 4207 42-42 4309 4322- 4330 4385 4489 4651 4669 4705 4744 4777 4781 4809 4831 4903 4209 4934 4939 4998 262 Bondsa of Letter D:- fr20ec S%O 29359 5651 3667T 5226 3306 5307 5316 3328 3380 3457? 3631 6381 3471 3796 13949 4122 4182 4217 4286 4275 4395 4127 4511. 4554 4710 4730 4723 49354 5148 0203 5386 5447 2550 5558 M50 5617 5652 548 1 2681 5718 5837 09255 5956 6013 6166 6225 6270 6576 6555 6596 W 0474 6549 6603 66255 6769 6928 6828 6955 7019 7086 71083 7124 7221 7240 7503 73S3 7407 74G1 7473 71585 7604 7628 7618 7661 7915 7963 1993 8054 8191 8292 8S3 8356 8490 6547 8618 5655 8700 8817 8272 O00 9802 806 9200 9223 9530 9380 9034 9189 9526 89569 9786 9774 '9892 9 06 10019 10032 10215 10388 10403 3044 10487 10835 10508 1085 10888 10928 11060 11109 11150 11155 11I94 11247 112174 11343 11365 11604 11611 11816 11619 11623 11725 12284 12292 12401 1'2541 12626 12828 12281 12913 12941 12343 12954 12978 550-44 13155 13260 1333 13441 13559 15012 13672 13856 13885 13881 13951 13992 11035 14015 14074 14220 14176 14580 14151 14422 14875 14755 14575 14891 14910 14932 14904 1496O 14998 -5102 15110 15115 15191 12155 15206 15239 35257 15376 55385 18472 35280 15743 15076 155943 12983 15909 10023 16128 16248 16514 56522 16575 16475 16509 16655 10740 10755 1I55 for £100 each £20,200 304 Bonds amounting tothiesumraof .£46200 Brazilian £5 per Cent. Loan. 1822. contracted for by the late Mlr. N. Of.Rohschild. S Bonds Letter A-k . 1004 1137 1126 1157 1777 13 Bonds of Letter B:-fo e,0eal eCO 5007 1078 1055 1094 1118 1119 1-132 1238 1291 1301 1319 1366 332 for£500 each 6,500 18 Bonds, amounting to the sum of . ...£x11,50 Brazilian £5 per Cent. Loman of 1559. contracted for by Messrs. Samuel 27 Bonds Letter Ds adPil s 64 170 2,20 224 310 350 510 557 521 589 611 654 698 189 7-19 728 8522 951 sOIl lied 1131 1187 12020 1257 - 1298 1334 1358 for £109O each £2,700 It Bonds of Letter Po : 65 179- 325 172 4448 503 555 777 829 353 for £2580 eachi 2,000 2 BondIs of Letter So : 45 89 for£5UO0each 1,000 39 Bonds, amounting to the sum of .. . . £. 5,700 Braziia £5pe Cenlt. Loan. 1824, contracted for by Messrs. Thomas Wilson and Co., and Messrs. Fletcher, Alexander, andCo S Bonds of Letter A:- 133 155 161 189 197 211 260 288 for £1,00 each £8,00 15 Bonds- of Letter B : 1 50 44 53 174 192 254 M50 401 516 641 OSi 664 090 721 22 Bonds- of Letter C:- fr40 ah X,C 10 48 74 75 119 145 177 341 366 788 532 .574 638 678 705 713 770 737 722 753 8O7 839 for £200 each £4,400 641 Bonds of Letter B : 383 31 64 91 137 228 245 317 540 58 91 402 422 487 434 516 889 611 685 687 732 736 759 821 1313 1025 1042 1074 1169 1188 1227 1589 16412 13326 1830 1356 1574 14o7 1470 1658 1s04A 1111 1726 1746 1601 1557 1919 I127 2302 20152 2sIS 2101 2104 2114 2255 2270 2791 2306 2323 2350 2519 2847 2092 2721 for £160 each £6,480 -109 Bonds amounting to the sum of .£ . .. . 26,160 Brazilian £8 per cent. Lean, 1829, contracted for by the same parties:- 13 BendIs Letter B:- 1494 1495 1490 1528 1603 168 19311 1I6 204 20417 2072 2106 2100 for £20 each £6,500 JTOTICE.-To Inventors andl others.-The FIRST ITPUBLIC MEIETING of the Society for bringing out Invenitions of its BMeurbers, and others will be heldI at SNIr. AskIde's, Mlitre Inn, ltirgsgate-street, Holboern, THiIS EVENING, at half-Past 7. UNITED SERVICE INSTITUTION, Whitehall. Uyard.-LECTURES, THIIS DAY (Friday), 4th April, at 3 o'clock precisely : Dr. SAOWDVITH on the SIEGE of KARtS. A member may admiit two friends to each Lecture. By order of the Council,LI, . J. TOiNNA, Secretary. Other Lectures will be shortly announced. TOLL RE,FORM.-The object-s of the Commttee Tfor the Reform of Metropolitan Toils are- 1. The removal of all tormpikes, gates, and bars within three miles of the Basnk or Charsug-cros. 2. The reduction anid equalization of the tariff of tolls. 3. The TIransfer of the existing trusts and comimissioni to the Mletropoliltan Boardl of Works, to secure the toil-payers being represented in rhe adminilstration of the funds. It is reconmmended that local Committees should be formedI; and the toll-payers generally are respectfully invited to Co-operate in this effort to effect areform of the preset system. Subscriptions will be received bytcheBank of London, Threadneedle. street, and 490, Strand. J. E. BRABFIELD, Secretary to the Committee. Toll Rteform (Central) office. 19, Strand. S TATE EDUCATION.-At a GENERAL MEBET- D: iNG of Friends of Voluntary Education, held at Crosby-hall. Biishopsgate-trreet. on Wednesday. April 2.18I0, THOMAS BARNES, Ens., MALP, in the chair: It was moved by James Bell, Esq., MA'., seconded by Edward Baines, E-Sq.. and reslvedl unanimously; L That this Meeting, convinced that the education of children has been most wisely and beneficently placed by Divine PrOvildence in tho hands of parents, sees wvith regret the efforts continually made to bring it under the direction and control of the State. That thisINMceting v-iewvs with surprise the incongruous action in relation to education now exhibited ; on the one hand, a bill brought into Hous of arliment prpostg mot exensve practical interference. That this Meeting views with astonishment the extremne propositions of Lord John Russell; first, as contemplating the extension over the whole country of an iovel systeim of Governmeat inspection alike uncalled for and annoying, affording enormous patronage and liable to Sous abuse ; secondly, as involoing the, compuilsory levying of a school rate, and so impaising. if not destroying, voluntary educational effort, and encountering a religious difficulty hitherto found to be absointely i'nso'uble - and thirdly,as3leadis'g to an incerference with the employers of jiuei? labour sinversally, at once unwise with respect to the childen, ppresive ith rspec to te paents,vexaiou itha respect of the British people. ~ ~o te siri Thatthi Meeing whle a deirou asanyState-edurationiats can be f te uivesalInerecionof he eope,and not insensible of the exitin dficenc, sent hutitseys t th plpaleexaggerations and isrtpresntatons n whch te mesure proosedi-n 1?arILiament are founded; exaggerations and misrepresentations wvhich constitute a taci confession that the c"ae truty stated does not cal for any other a. encis than thoso of parental dutly and voluntary bunevolce. D eyed by Benjamin Scott, l?q.. Eeconded by the Rev, Andrewv Reed, upctcd by Frauk Crossley. Eso., Dl.P., rnadrerolved unaninrouly, It That a petition in accordance with the preceding resolution be presented to the HOUsEO of Comnmons as the Petition of this meeting. That the petition be signed by the Chairman on behalf of the Moeeting. Tbat Thomas Barnes, Req., Ml.P.,be re4uestedito present the petition, and the other ilenibers of Parliament present to support the prayer thereof. Moved by the Rev. . H. Hinton, seconded by Samuel Morley, Esq., and resolreu unsnimoiisly-(a petItion havg beenread); IIL That the Petition now read be adopted as tho Petition of this Zleeting. Moved by H. R. Ellingisa, Esq., seconded by Wilhiam Edwards, Boq., VIned W reoved unanimously ; - IV. That the cordial thanbks of this Meettig be presented to Thomas Barnes. Esq., tLIP., for his kindniess and attenition in presiding over its proceedings, ATnd that the earnest gratittide of tis Mteeting be expressed in common with SMr. Barnes, to George Hadiold, Esc. 3.1'., Eward WlisS], aE, M8.P., Frank Crossley, Esq, 38.1, James Bell, Esq., -oP., Apeley Peilatt. Esq., M1.P., arid other Members of Parliament, who constitute in the Rleuse of Commons a small but faithful band of advocates of Free, as opposed to Slate Elducation. J. a HUIN'TON, See. A RMY and NAVY PEINSIONERS' EMPLOY- MENT SOCIETY, 22, Parlinsent-atreet (Patron-H.R.H. Prince ALBERT). institoted for procuring employment for soldiers and sailors invalided from the war. Subsrinpliens and donations thankfully received by the bankers, fessrs. Cou tts Strand; Messrs. basterman, city;. arid by the Secretary, at the ofilees, who wlld be happy to afford every information of the practical wrorking of the Society, Snbacription lists periodimity published, and abstracts of tituation3 provided, JAMESI RYMER Secretary and Registrar. S OCIETY for PROMOTING FEMALE EDUCA- tZ TION in the BAST.-The ANNUAL MEETING of the North London Auxiliary will beheld atthe Music-hall, Store-street. BedfordquareP on Tuesday evening, April 5th. SMajor-Grneral ALEXANDEBR wiltt'aethecbair at? o'elock. The Rev. 3.P.. Owen, Rev. Canon Biekersteth,Rev. G. A. Rogers, Rev. Dr. familton, Rev. WY. Porter, from Mladras, and the Rev. W. Campbell from Bangaloro, have promsired to take past in the proeceedings. Tickets may be had of Shaw, Southampton-row; Thomson, Kigstreet; N'ihet, Berners-street; Seeleys, Fleet-streect or Itanover-streot; F9rath Islisgtoo-gtetn; or Sawyer, .519, Qzfogdre-ltgeg° QCRIP of the STATE of TEX A.-Holders of this . Scrip ought to take measures to present it for redemption at Washington. U.S., before the end of ApriL P&tie sending scrip to the undersigned by the l0th ofApril will haveit forwarded il properform. -G. A. THiOMlSON sud Co.. 22, Old Broad-street, London. DENNSYLVANIA CENiTRAL RAILROAD SIX .1.rer CENT. CONVETIBLE STEELIG BONDS.-The DI)IVDEIh'D WARRANTS due on the 1st of April next, on the Pennsylvania Centrai Railroad Six Der Cent. Convertible Stering Bonds, negotiated through T. Wiggin id Co., will be PAID on the 1st of April, or any succeeding day (Friday excepted), between the hoursof 10and 2. at theircounting-house, 1OldJery, where l, ass may be obtained. The warrants must be left two cear days for ejaminaton, T H[ERH H JESTY's THEATRE.-It is respectfuUy AXs announced that Hfer Majesty'fThmte wolill BFOI11;Xearly fin 3tsyi. Engagements of great interest have been effected both inOPera ani Ballet, and the best exertions used to mnake the amgements worthy of the occasion. The prospectus will shortly be issued. ) oy ALL ITALIAN OPERA.-Mr. GYE begs JAi moat respectfully to announce that he will, during the present seasonl gve the OPERA at the ROYAL LYCEUM THEATRE, and trusts that his arrangementa, affected as they aro by the late sudden and dreadful catastrophe. may meet with the kind and indulkent cousideration of the subscribersand the public. It has been Mr. Gye's chief aim to keep intact the company of great artistes wvhich ho had already engaged for the Royal Italian Opera, Covent-garden, and he has succeeded in doing so. The engagements for the opera are -_ Madame Grisi, Madame Jenny Ney, Mdlle. DidiCe, Mdlle. Marai, bMadame Tagliafios. and Madame Bosio; Signor Mario, Signor Tamberlik (for a few nights only, previous to his departure for Rio Janeirob,SignorGardoni. SignorGrazili,SignorLuchesi SignorTagliafieo, Signor Polonini, Mons. Zelger, Signor Soldi. Signor bMet, Herr Formes, Signor Rorconi, and Signor Lablache. Director of the Music, Composer, and Conductor bMr Costa. For theDivertissements:-dUilre. Riper, Md1Ie. Comba,31dle. Pmma, Mdlle.Genat, Mons. Desplaces, asd AMlae. Cerito. To the above ladies and gentlemen Mr. GOy feels he ought thus publicly to express his most gratefull thanks, for they have, one and all, in the most kind, the most unhesitating, and ivx the most generous manner made modifications in their engageosea's for this year, both pecuniary and other, without which it would i asf l con impossible for him to have given an opera supported by smch artint rs inso small a theatre. Theo following operas w )),be lperforms I duringthe season-viz., Rigoletto, Lab Gar.a LJadra, Otello, Bs Trovatore. Sfntrimonio Segreto. Il B.arbiere, I Pmritani. Norma, Lucia. I.a Favorita, Fidlelio. Don Giovanni Il Conte Ory, L'Elsisr d'Arnore, Don Psequale, Lureriai horgia. and Verdi's new opera, Ls Travista. The orchestra and chonsa will be suted to the sire of the theatre and be composed of the best performers. Snbscription-As the accommodation in the Lyceumu Theatre is necessarily very limited, hlr. Gye would feel greatly obliged if those ladles and gentlemen w ind g to subscribe would at on.cekindlsignify their intenUion in him, in order that lhe may apportion te boxes and stalls with as Rttle delaY as possibe. The subecnptaon w il be for 40 nights, coircnemg a n Tnesdray, Apri 15e Boxes. £100 and up.ards; Stalls, £1d. Full particulars will be duly announced. _ D RURY-LANE. -English Opera. -Under the hixisagement of Messrs. J1. H. Tully and F: Bingsbury.- In conseqsuence of the unprecedented furore created bf the production of Verdi's grand opera IL TBOVATORE, or The Gipfsy' Vengeance, thin oPera will be repeated THiS iTh'ENING (Fri- DAUGHTER OF TH}E REGDI!ENT. Mlaria. S.llss flyer; Tonio, Mlr. S. Champin; Suflphzia, MIr. Derand. Reduced prices as usualstalls, 4s.; drso circle, 3s.; first circle and pit, 2s.: upper circle and ssnPhitheatro. ls.; gallery, 6d., Private boxes, lCs. 1t., £1 Is., rpHEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET.-THIS .EVENIG (Friday) and To-morrow (Saturday). the new coniedyof THE EVIL GENIUS.ThenewbaUetpantomime of EL GAMBIUSINO, or The Mexican Goldsecker, with new musio by Edward Fitrwilliam and scenery by AY. CaUcott, in which the renowned Spanish Dancer, Senora Perea Nena, with Mlanuel Perez, an!d a new and complete Company of Sparish Dancers, will appear. lYith }END ME FIVE SHILEINGS. Mar. Colightly (his onginial character), Mlr. Buckstone. To conclude with A DAUGHTER TO MARRY. R OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. - THIS EVENING (Frid.ay), A WOND)ERFUL WVOMtAN: FAUST AND MARGUERITE; and A PRLNCE FOR AN HOUR. Tomnorrow (Satuday), The Corsican Brothers; The VictorVanquished; and A Prinice for aii Hour. rFi EATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Molidre's justly t celebrated comedyofTartuffe for two nights more: Tartuffe, hfr. B. lVebster.-Slst Night of the P.lost Successful Pantoneme ever produceed-THIS EVFENING, the Popular comedy of TARTUFFE. Tartuffe, MIr. D. Webster; Elmire fon this particular occasion), Madame Celeste. WVith the unprecedentedly successful burlesque and comic pantomime of JACK A-N'D THE BEAN STALK; or, Harlequin and Mfother Goose at Home Again. Jack and Harlequin, Madame Celeste: Mlother Gosse and Columbine, Miss Wyondhamn (as performed by coeunand before Her Mfajesty and the Royal Famdiy). Recovery of MIr. Wright. who will reapipear on rMonday next in a new Adelphi drama, called Like and UVdike. Prinicinal characters by Mr. B. Webster. Sfr. Wright, and Mladame Celeste7 THEATRE ROYAL SADLER'4 WELLS.- THTIS EVENING and ?o-morrow the renowned Professor Anderson, Great Wizard of the North. will appear, for positively two nights only. iu his celebrated charseter of Rob Roy. Last two nights of Planhe's best burlesque. THE INVISIBLE PRINCE, The eminient trag6dieane, Miss Cushman, will appear for positively four nights only, on Alonday next, April 7, in her extraordinary representation pf hMeg Merries in the grand romantic opera of Guy .Mainering. - I\lR. and Mrs. CHARLES DILLON will appear for iAR 12 consecutive nights at the Theatre Royal, Sadler's-wells, commenscing on Monday. April 21. pOYAL SURREY THEATRE.-Lessees, Messrs. .NAS'aepherd anid Cresiviclk.-Greatest Mht of the Day.-HOW WE LIVE IN THE WORLD OF LONDON in to be seen and learnt atthe above Theatre more effectualy than by the ablest description of the most gted vriter The comnbined efforts of pen and penci have sueceedin producing a true and real picture of London life, so perfect that it has been pronounced by the press and the thousands who have already witnesseod it unparalleled in modern times. Acting ManagerMr. C. A. Calvert. A STLEY's EASTER PHALANX. - GREAT A SPRING MEETING and NATIONAL STEEPLECHIASE, in sehicli the extraordinary perfornnances of Mr. Villiam Cool-e's new stud of high-mettlen racehirses and troupe of fearless jockeys render the portrayal of this national sport a perf oct picture of life-like realty. theaudIenceache-cuing actually rising en masse, transported with breatnles3 excitement at the vaied and ivid scenes pasing before thornm together with the Grand Spectacle; Scenes in the Circle: the Double Tight Rope Artistes; the New Equestian A.ct or the Postmass's Knock; and other entertainments-every evening. R OYAL SOHO THEATRE.-1Ir. Winter havinw been most enthnsiasticall received, wHill repeat RICl2&itD IIIl THIS EVENING. w ith POORt PhhhlCODDY, in which Mr. Mowbray and Mliss helen L ore wiill appear. Stalls. Bs.; boxes. 2s.; pit, Is. Half-price at -stalls, 2s.; boxes, Is.; pit, Gd. To-morrow (Saturday). The Poor Gentleman, and a screaming Farce. Open every evening. }RXEAT NATIONAL STANDARD THEATRE.- Proprietor. Mr. John Douglass.-Enwg'aement of Miss Glyn, IMr. H. Marston. and Miss Rebecca Isaacs.-TAIs EVENING, the play of 1;IN-G J OlI. unparall1eled in bistrionic pageantry. King John, MSr. }1 Mfastun (of the TheatreRoyl, Sadler's-wells); the Lady Constance, Mi5ss Glyn. UIliwards of 200 artistessi-llb employed. Mis3 Rebecca Isasae vwill also appear in oPera. C'IITY of LONDON THEATRE. -Opera and Spec- tacle.-THIS EVENING, the iunrivaled Mdde. Nau, as the Syren. as performed br her 400 consecutive nights. Mr. St. Albyzn. 3lr. P. Corri, MIr. Bowler; Miss Williams. Double band: Conductor. Herr Meyer Lutz. DRURY-LANE.-ENGLISHf OPERA. Under the Manarenient of lessra. J. H. Tully and P. Ringsbury. THIS EVENiNG; IL TROVATORE; or. The Gipsy's Vengeance. Characters by Lucy Escott, ASliss F. Huddart; MSr. Hcuri Drayton, SIr. A. Brahanm. &ac. To conclude with THE DAUGHTER OF THE REGLM]MT. THEATRE ROYAL, IIAYNEARKEr. Under the Management of Air. Beck3tone. THIS EVENING, THE EVIL GENIIUS. By Messrs. Buckstone, Compton; blisses Reynolds, Swanborough,&c. After which, EL GAafB USINO - or, The Mexican Goldseeker. To be folowved by LEND UE FIVE SHILLINGS. ' To conclude with A DAUGHTER TO DSIARRY. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. Under the Management of Mlr. Charles Rean. THIS EVENING vill be presented A WONDERFUL WOMVCAN. After which. FAUST AND MNlARGUERITE. Mephistophiles, by Mr. C. Kean. To conclude with A PRINCE FOR ANY HOUR. THEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHL Proprietor, Dlr. B. Webster; Directress. Madame Celeste. THIS EVENING will be presented TARTUFFE. Characters by Messrs. B. Webster, C. Selby. Parselle, J. G. Shore, &-c.; MXadame Celeste. Srs. Leigh Murray, Uiss Mlary Rec-ed Al'ss Kato Kelly, &o. To conclude with JACK AN.D TIE BEAN STALK; or, Harlequin and Mother Goose at Home Again. ROYAL OLYSIPIO THEATRE. Lessee, Mr. Alfred WVigan. THIS EVENING will b6 presented STILL WATERS RUNDEEP. Jobn idldmay, SIr. Alfred Vigan; 'Mrs. Hector Sternbold, Srs. Stirling. To conclude with THE DISCREET PRINCESS. Prince Richeraft, Mr. Robson. Commence at half-past 7. THEATRE ROYAL, SADLER'S-WEILS. Under the Slanagement of Mr. George A. Webster. THTS EVENING will be presented ROB ROY. Rob Roy, Professor Anderson; Bailie Nicol Jarvie. Mr. Barrett; Doual, Mr. Suisn; Helen, Slims Heraud. After whicb, THIE INVISIBEE PRINCE; or, Island of Tranquil Delights. To be followed by a Grand Amazonian Ballet. To conclude with otherEntertainments. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. Lessees, Blessrs. Shepherd and Creswicle. THIS EVEN'ING will be presented HOWV WE LIVE IN THE WORLD OF LON'DON. CharaetersbyMessrs. Shepherd, CA. Calvert, J. IL Rickardsl Widdicomb acg; Slisses larriott, RE Sanders, &c. After which, TUFELHAUSIfN; or, The Lawyer's Legend. To con. clude with COBBLER AND TAILOR. ASTLEY'S ROYAL APHITHEATRE. Lessee and Manager, hMr. W. Cooke. THIS EVENING wil be presented TH3'E ARAB OF THE DESERT AND HIS FAITHFUL STEED. After which, the Scenes In the Circle, &c. To conclude with THE GRAND SPRING MEETING AND STEEPLECHASE. TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Timne-s is reduced to 4d., and that 5'd. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. 'Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) 27he Times is transmissible by post to British colomes and foreign countries without alt impressed stamp. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. Sr The publication of TiE TasEs coinmenced at 5 o'clock yeaterday morning, and finished at 10 minutes to 9.
LONDO2A, FBIDAY, APRIL 4, 185. In the House of Lords yesterday, The Earl of AnLBmrAEn moved an address to the ROn-o for the production of certain documents relative to the collection of taxes in the district of Chingleput, in the presidency of lMadras, wvhich proved that torture had been inflicted on several natives, by order of Mr. C. J. Shubrick, the magistrate and collector of the district. TheEarl of ALEi.uRLs stated that these documents referred to cases of more recent date than any included in the published report, and that they arose principally out of the collection of the "moturpha," or tax on implements used in all trades and occupations. He denounced this tax as absurd and iniquitous, and detailed the cruelties to which the defaulters under it had been subjected. The Duke of AoGYLL said the Governmenit had no objection to the production of the papers; they were not in its possession, but the Indian Government should be directed to furnish them. The home Government wished this particular tax to be abolished, and measures were being considered to effect the abolition. He would not go into the whole question, as the Earl of AinmBEtm%dP had given notice of a motion on the subject for a future day. The motion was then agreed to, and the House adjourned. In the House of Commons, in reply to a question put by Mr. T. MITrwaL, Lord PALEASTON said the armistice, which had been hitherto eonfiued to land opertious, htad beeu extended, since the signature of the treaty of peace, which had put an end to the chance of the resumption of hostilities, to sea as well as land; so that, of course, the blockade of the Russian coast would cease. Mr. Scorr, in moving for a select committee to consider how far and in what direction recent legislation and the substitution of other punishment for iransportation had influenced the existing amount cf crime, adverted to the alarming increase in the number of offence, and urged the necessity of ascertaining whether this increase was due to legislation or to other causes. If this inquiry were deemed too wide, the amendment of which notice Lad been given by Sir G. GREY, to inquire into the operation of the act 16 and 17 VICIORA, would, in his opinion, make it vastly too narrow. In supIort of his motion he referred -to statistics to show that crime went on at a more rapid rate in this cduntry than the population, urging that such a condition of things called upon the House to look carefully into the causes. He contended that the rew ticket-of-leave system, which had been adopted, like the abandonment of transportation, against high and sound authority, had failed, there being various inpediments to the absorption of the liberated convicts into the labouring population. Although the police had been increased, the amount of undetted crime was, he maintained, greater than heretofore, the Government not exercising a due degree of surveillance over the ticket-of-leave men. The committee he proposed might inquire into collateral matters,-into the mode of employing convicts, there being many species of labour which might be assigned to them in this country. The motion was seconded by Mr. L. DAvIES, who strongly condemned the ticket-of-leave system. Sir G. GREy, in moving his amendment to limit the inquiryintothe operation of the act of 1853, substituting incertain cases otherpunishment in lieu of transportation, observed that the speeches of MIr. Scorr and Mr. DsvnEs had confirmed him in the opinion that the inquiry they contemplated was a very vague and indefinite one, which would occupy much time and lead to no practical result, and he therefore wished to define the object, not wishing, at the same time, to exclude the subject of secondary punishments. Premising that Mr. ScoIT entertained an exaggerated notion as to the increase of crime, not warranted by the documentary evidence, he proceeded to reply to some of his observations. The abandonment of transportation, he remarked, had been foreed upon the Government by the unwillingness of the colonies to receive our convicts, and with respect to the operation of the ticket-of-leave system lie showed that great misapprehension prevailed, and gave explanations as to the reasons for which letters of license were granted and revoked, and as to the degree of surveiUance exercised over ticket-of-leave inen evincing a disposition to relapse into crime. He repeated that the subject of secondary punishments was sithin the scope of the inquiry he proI osed. Sir J. PARnGToN observed that lie had thought the terms of the orig,inal motion rather too wide, and after the speech of Sir G. GxREY he suggested to MIr. ScooT whether he would not be content with the proposed amendment. He felt convinced that the terms of the act of 1853 should be revised and reconsidered, and this object, he understood, would be within the limits of the inquiry. Sir Joml entered into details respecting the principle upon which he supposed limited transportation was. now carried outbytheGovernment, and astothe peliodsfor which convicts were sentenced to penal servitude, which, in his opinion, was too short, and did not bear a due proportion to the old punishment. With respect to the ticket-of-leave system, it could not be said to have failed, and he thought the wisest and most prudent course wvas not to abandon it under the present system of penal servitude. MIr. LABOUOCHEE, in reply to Sir J. PArUNGTON, stated that under the terms of the reference proposed by Sir G. GREY the committee would be competent to consider the amendments required by the act of 1853, w^ith the whole scope of secondary punishment, and, if necessary, the word "provisions" could be added to " operation" in the amendment. WVith regard to the principle upon which Government now carried out transportation, the only colony, he said, to -which convicts could be sent was W1lestern Australia, and the only convicts transported thither would be of a class-namely, able-bodied-acceptable to the colonists. 3Ir. ADDERLEY complained that there was an uncertainty in the views stated by the Government upon this subject, and thought that the committee -would do a service if they made the public better acquainted with the facts. He discussed various forms of transportation, some of which he thought well deserved the consideration of the committee, as vell as the treatment of prisoners upon their discharge; and he proposed to add to the amendment tlle words-" and how far the provisions relating to the discharge of prisoners might be improved." MIr. BAJiNEs concurred in thinking that the inquiry ought to be as extensive and comprehensive as possible into the operation and provisions of the act of 1853; but he feared that the effect of the w ords proposed by MIr. ADDEREY would disappoint his object, by raising doubts and tending to limit the inquiry, the words being, in his opiuion, superfluous. Mr. NEwDEGATE advocated a renewal of transportation in some shape as the only means of ridding the country of a mass of crime. Sir S. NORTnCOTE thought it was a serious question, which ought to be considered by the comnaittee, howv prisoners were to be treated on their discharge. M1r. S. FITZGERALD Was favourable to a modified f )rm of transportation, as beneficial to the criminal a, well as to the community. Mfr. ScOTT withdrew his motion, and that of Sir GiEY was adopted in the following form:-" That a Select Committee be appointed to inquire Into the provisions and operation of the act 16 and 17 VicTORitA, c. 99, entitled ' An Act to substitute in certain cases other punishment in lieu of transportation.' " Mr. MLAims, in moving for leave to bring in a bill to abolish all distinctions between specialty and simple contract debts, observed that his object was to remove an anomaly discreditable to our law. He described the technical distinction betwveen the two species of debt, and the advantages whichl the specialty creditor enjoyed over a creditor of the same debtor whose claim did not rest upon an instrument and a seal, and he thought the time had arrived when the gross injustice which this distinction often inflicted should be obviated. Leave was given to bring in the bill. The ATrrosxY-GENmn%. moved for leave to introduce a bill to amend the law relating to the criminal appropriation of trust property held by persons as trustees or bailees. He explained the state of the law, which rendered some persons so intrusted with property only civilly responsible for misappropriating it, and he proposed to make such mnisappropriation criminal. Aftera fewwords from Mr. WALrOLE,Ir. aIms, and Mr. BowyER, leave was given. Sir J. SnmLEY moved for leave to bring in a bill to amend the law with respect to the election of directors of joint-stock banks in England, the simple object being, he said, to enable shareholders, if they saw fit, to re-elect a retiring director at once. The CHANcmtoR of the ExciEQUER did not object to the introduction of the bill, but entertained considerable doubt as to the policy of altering the existing law. After some remarks by Mr. JoHN AI'GroR, leave was given. Mr. BouvxrE moved for leave to bring in a bill to amend the law relating to the relief of the poor, explaining the detai!s of the proposed alterations. Sir W. JoLTrirF,, Mr. Mranow, Lord EBRINGTON, Mr. PEACOCKE, and Lord J. 3IicEss made a few emark-s, and leave -was given to bring in the bill. Mr. PErLATr moved the second reading of the Draughts on Bankers Bill. MIr. GL-n supported the principle of the bill, which would, he said, add to the efficiency of banking regulations which tended to economize the currenqy. The ATropn=-GElsmAL gave his hearty support to the principle of the bill, the wording of which would, however, he said, require considerable modification. IMr. HANiy spoke in oppositiontothebMil, which was supported by ir. WnaimsoN, and it was read a second time. Mr. 3IALuS, in moving the order for committing t|leMaIiesdW9mls sp&eYQVaonu Intec ;il made some remarks upon the state of the law which the bill proposed to modify. 3Ir. WAVxoix suggested certain objections to the bill; and The AToNEY-GENAL recommended Mr. Mirms not to press his motion at that hour; but the House went into committee on the bilL On the order for resuming the debate on the second reading of the Factories Bill, Colonel PrAmx consented to adopt the amendments suggested by Sir G. GnmY. Colonel Duz-z-x justified the course he had taken on Wednesday. le dwelt uponthe large number of accidents38,0in. nine years, he said-resulting from machinery, observing that the Legislature was bound to see that the operatives were well protected. The bill was supported by Mr. CRossisv, Mr. BAitow, MIr. Ricn:ARDsox, and Mr. HsVwooD, and was ultimately read a second time. The House adjourned at 12 o'clock.
The House of Commons returned once more last night to that old question which no diplomacy can unravel or war decide-to that intestine foe with whom there is no rest, over whom there is no triumph, and against whom our best successes are only a succession of failures. The imost youthful tongue or pen engaged in political matters has had to ask' scores of times, "What are we " to do with o-ur criminals ? What artificial treat" ment avails best for the reform of those whom the " natural life of society has failed to retain, not " in goodness, but in outward obedience to law ?" The problem still wearies the patient and still taxes the ingenious. Men of talent, original thinkers, who seem to see further or deeper than their generation, have addressed themselves to the subject with all the ardour of self-trust and inexperience. Their wit brightens our memories-their books encumber our shelves. We have read them, and filed them, and fagoted them, and bound up collections of pampblets aud articles on the questions of pumishment, penal labour, penal transportation, reformation, and all the other heads and modes of the question. We have accumulated themi till humnan nature could bear it no longer, and they went to the kitchen fire or the waste-paper dealer. We believe it to be a fact that there is no statesman, no prelate, made such for his talents, and few country gentlemen of any note, who have not published on these subjects, one and all condemning with the utmost severity the practice of the dlay, whatever it happened to be, and recommending something either untried or altogether impossible. Were we to judge from the experience of the last dhirty years, we are grieved to say we could come to no other conclusion than that the year A.D. 2000will find us in our present position, still criticizing everything that has been done, and fondly hoping better things from this or that improvement. Happily, the budget of schemes is inexhaustible. "Hope reigns immortal in the human breast;" and it is always possible to say that the existing extent of the evil is owing to this error or to this omission; and that when the ciror is corrected, and the omission supplied, the happiest results may be loolked for. True, the next five years dispel the illusion; but what of that ? NIew minds by that time have descended into the controversy full of hope and paradox; philanthropic and insolent; zealous for the extinction of crime, but equally delighted to convict all former writers and Governments of stupidity and folly-destined to become in their turn the sport of younger minds as brilliant and fallible, as benevolent and satirical. The weal, point of the present system arises from vwhat we are pleased to think our over-klndness, but which is not without an alloy of selfishnless. We have now almost given up capital punishments, flo,gging, and the pillory, as, long ago, | we gave up gibbeting and branding, and, earlier stil, burning and worse atrocities. We scarcely even 1 venture to put criminals on short diet, and there is a reaction from the silent and solitary systems. With an inconsiderable exception we have been compelled to give up transportation. What, then, are we to do with our criminals, when our gaols are more than full, and when we are positively ashamed to build more, even if we can -afford to do so, which is by no means certain? After a certain ordeal, the length and severity of wlhich are under dispute, we send them out into the world with conditional pardons, under the surveillance of the police. In fact, as we are obliged to do all this misery at home, we have now ticketof-leave-men among ourselves, instead of fastening them upon remote colonists. The practice is oldl enough in the world, and common enough, for there is tiot a country in the world without the nuisance of a convict population, which under different names is an active agent in all social, and even political disorders. To Englishmen the practice is new, and it appears to be thought by Mr. SCOTT and others that we have not yet hit on the best variety of it. That gentleman is of opinion that we deal too lightly with our offenders; that our law is no longer a terror to evildoers; and that we do not exercise sufficient surveillance over those whom at last, though too soon, we dismiss from our prisons. As Mr. ScoTr proposes no particular plan, but simply asks for inquiry, and as that inquiry is granted without hesitation, it seems out of place to suggest any substitutes for the existing system. The inquiry, as amended by Sir GEORGGE GREY, wiill be into the provisions and operation of the late act, substituting other p-uLishments, in some cases, for transportation; and no doubt it will establish the ill consequences of our ticklet-of-leave system at home, sufficiently, at least, to justify the colonies who have thrown back this burden upon us. The inquiry is to be as comprehensive as possible, embracing the whole subject of crime and punishment. No doubt, the present state of the case does impose upon -us the necessity of an inquiry, for the simple reason that we are under novel circumstances. For many generations we have had the colonies as our unfailing resources, and into them we have discharged our bad subjects as freely as contractors shoot their rubbish into the first hole that offers itself. A wastepipe to the antipodes was no triflng relief to us islanders; and, while we had it, we cared little for the reformation of offenders or for their treatment at large. We are now in the unwonted case of having among us many thousands tainted, stigmatized, corripted by crime, its slovenly habits, and horrid associations. We are surrounded by men, so niumerous as to form no inconsiderable percentage of the population, asking for work or for charity, conspiring against our property, and, if need be, our lives ; spreading the contagion and art, of crime, waking while we sleep, combining while -we act each onlyforluhmself, and forming an irnperihn i77 imprio that may lead in time to the most disastrous consequences. In a word, we find ourselves in the same case as our continental neighbours, and we shall probably find ourselves reduced to talke some hints from their practice.
The education question, like other great practical questions which from time to time rise up among us, appears to be based upon a mixed ground, and to be capable only of a mixed and tempered decision. - On the one hand, it must be admitted that great improvement is wanted, and that the efforts of the nation in this direction are desultory and irregular. It seems to be admitted that we come behind various foreign nations in the proportion f giwr educatfon to the population. This is Ai a7wkwax- faot for we do not lile to be bdhhid the rest of the world, especially in anything involving intelligence. It can be no matter of surprise if, under such circumstances, the subject of education has lately assumed a prominent place in Parliamentary discussion, and if plans have been brought forward to correct the eviL ILord Jo= RusszELMs plan is nowthe one before the world. It undertakes to cope with this great national defect, and to do this vigorously. Its arrangements are on a large scale, its machinery is coextensive with the nation, and it puts the whole s'ubject of education on an entirely new basis. Under this scheme education is to leave the voluntary, and adopt a half-compulsory basis ; there is to be compulsory rating, compulsory payment by employers for children's education. The whole country is to be organized into school districts, under the care of 41 inspectors, and probably 150 sub-inspectors. Here, then, is the end of one system and the beginning of another. The old desultory, voluntary, irregular system is over, and we enter upon a new era of educational life. We leave the free, loose, English plan of operation, and adopt the systematic and continental one.! So stands the case of our educational legislators, and it must be admitted that they have a good deal to say for themselves. On the other hand, there appear to be, as our correspondent Mr. BAm-zs has shown, serious difficulties in the way of such legislation as this. In the first place, it must be asked, are we quite free to deal with the question in this way, and start altogether de 2noro ? However abstractedly desirable this regular system might be, does it quite suit our own national antecedents, and our own peculiar character and genius as a nation? Lord Joux Russman's plan depends almost entirely for its success upon the compulsoriness of its arrangements. Parishes are compelled to provide schools, and employers are compelled to pay for children's teaching at school under the age of 15. But, whatever may be said of a general compulsory rating, does it quite suit our old hereditary idea of liberty and the genius loci of British soil that a particular class should be compelled to give education upon a very large scale to the children of our populous districts? It may be said that the erployers have the use of the children. They have; but they will say that they pay for that use, and pay according to the acknowledgred rulle of supply and demand; that, this being done, the law of justice is satisfied, and that the rest is charity. But is compulsory charity quite in accordance with our English notion of liberty? And observe, again, the interference wvith our trading and manufacturing system in such an arrangement. What, as our correspondent says, will such a condition lead to, but that " in a vast number of " cases children will not be employed at all? " But children are now a very large and important portion of our operative class, and their abstraction would be felt in the diminution of national wealth and in the impoverishment of the operative class themselves ; for the labour of the children is now part of the income of the parent in manufacturing towns. Or, if the employer continued to take them, would he not, as our correspondent suggests, "probably deduct from the wages wvhatever he "had to pay for the schooling? " It may be said that only 7half schooling is contemplated; but " many employments do not admit of being "carried on by relays, or by persons worldng half"time." Who can tell how such a result would affect the prices of goods, and how the prices would affect English trade ? We are in the thiclk of a whole system in these matters, of gradual and long growth, and how can we meddle with it without considerable danger ? And therefore it may fairly be doubted how far we are free to legislate vvholly de noro on the question of education. Here is an established state of things in which we find ourselves; can we altogether ignore this in our plans of education? If we do, will not the result find us out? Again, we have at present in action, and in possession of the field, a very large, active, useful, voluntary system of education. This system has been the growth of years, and it has absorbed and is absorbing more and more into itself the benevolence, the zeal, and the activity of the nation in the cause of education. It may be irregular, it may not have the compactness and perfection of foreign systems, but it must be admitted that its want of regularity is to a considerable extent compensated for by its greater warmth and heart. The voluntaly basis has, at any rate, the advantage in this respect. Its actual fruits have, moreover, been uniformly increasing since it commenced. In1818theproportion of education to population was 1 in 17, in 1833 it was 1 in 11, and in 1851 it was 1 in 8. Who can say, with these results before him, that our voluntary system has been a failure ? It may be true that the education represented by these numbers is not all of it complete education, but that a considerable proportion of it is education carried on at intervals during the time that it is going on, anld too soon brought to a conclusion altogether. Still, if one in eight out of the vhole population is receiving more or less of a souind education, this is no poor result, as a comparison with continental figures will show. In Prussia the proportion of education to population is 1 in G; in Holland, 1 in Z; in Bavaria, 1 in 8; in Austria, 1 in 10; in France, 1 in 11; in Belgium, 1 in 10; in Sweden, 1 in 11. With this existing system, then, in actual operation around us, rooted in the affections of the people, and employing the benevolence and zeal of thousands, are we wholly free to legislate de novo on education, as if the area were at present empty and nothing were doing ? We must take these existing structures, established interests, fix-ed popular lines of action, into account in maling new arrangements on this question. The country has allowed all this great formation to go on till it has reached a not unsatisfactory stage of growth, and promises a gradual but uniform ascent anc improvement. Then, are we at liberty, by one legislative act, to uproot this large growth, and substitute a new system in its place? Had we not better wait, at least, before we do so? Let it be shown, first, thatthe existing system has arrived at its climax, and can do no more for us. This is _ot apparent as yet. There has been up to this time a continual advance; and, if so, we may reasonably hope that there is mora to come. The substitution of the action of law for that of private zeal and benevolence will be felt throughout society, and more will be lost by the refrigeration of private feeling than gained by the increase of educational results. After all, and whatever system of education we have, can we compel children to be educated ? We cannot. The national idea of liberty revolts from a compulsory systen, but, if we cannot compel, do we not, after all, leave the future growth of education in this country to the rising sense ana I appreciating mind of the population? And, this being the case, wil not any system, however nominally perfect, be subject to exactly the same risks in its working to which the present system is?
i 7he Military Coomnnissioners have at length formally opened their proceedings at Chelsea Hospital. Thle inquiry commences at a fortnate moment for tlie officers.whose conducthasbeen called in question. The boom of the Tower guns wwhich annoumced the restoration of peace has i scarcely died away. WVe are at lea5t a4ured tha
Tihe memory of even the greatest misfortunes is not wholly bitter. Some deed of greatness, some display of devotion, is generally found in the history of national calamities, and causes them to be remembered with something lik-e pride. Tile late disasters of the British army have brought grief and humiliation home to every Englishman ; yet the valour displayed in the field, the constancy with which labour and suffering have been borne, the iuniversal charity wlhich arose to minister to every want, the devotion of a few higluninded men and wMomen, have made the Crinmea and Scutari names that the country mill not willingly let (lie. As a tribute to those who fell by the sword or disease, as a memorial of gratitude for the restoration of peace, it is proposed to raise a churel at Constantinople by private subscription. A comiimittee has beeni formed and a pU-blic meeting ill shortly be held, under the presidency of the Duke of C UrrunDGE. Both the object and the occasion seem well fitted to call forth the liberality of the country. For many years the absence of an English church has been somewhat of a scandal to the community of Constantinople. While Christians of other rites have had their places of worship, more or less richlly endowred, the members of the English Church have beeii obliged to meet in small and inconveniient roomIs at the British Embassy. In the old times, when only a few Englishmen engaged in cliplomacy or conimerce vere to be fotund in the Tturkish capital, the walnt of a suitable bmicling was not so nmuch felt; but now that a large number of families b ave taken up their residence in Pera or on the Bosphorus,-now that persons in the military, naval, and civil services are likely to be stationed there in large nunbers, and the resources of the country will probably be developed by British enterprise,it seems time to provide such an edifice as shall be suited to the numbers and standing of the community. Perhaps we ought not to urge as a reason for remedying the present deficiency that the absence of a church has a tendency to lower the national chalacter among the inhabitants of an Easterni capital. It may, howevevr, safely be said that much of the force of a nation's example in such a country is lost when .the outwaxd signs of religious wvorship are neglected. 117here Greeks, Latins, and Armenianis arc continually and publicly celebrating their feasts it becomes a nation like ours to h-ave at least a decent observance of its ritual. As a memorial of the dead the construction of a church seems peculiarly fitting; and we are sure that the great body of English people would rather subscribe for such a purpose than for the erection of useless monuments. We believe that a piece of grounid is already in possession of the British Embassy ; and, if the public answ-er the appeal wlhich is now about to be made, a very few months will see the commencement of the architect's labours. Without wishing for any useless expense or any vain display of ecclesiological taste, we hope that an edifice may be erected wortly of the coLntry and of the sad, but glorious events, which it is meanit to commnemorate.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. WVe have received the l ouiiteur of yesterday. Lord Cowley had an interview wlith thle iEmperor on Wednesday, to present the reply of Her Majesty to the notification of the birth of the Prince Imperial. Count Buol Schanenstein had an interview for the same purpose. He presented an autograph letter from his Sovereign. On the same occasion Baron AlanderstrUm presented an autograph letter from the King of Sweden and Norway. The lMoniteur does not contain any additional news of interest.
The Clhancellor of the Exichequer acknowledges the receipt of 101. Ss. 3d., for omitted income-tax, from " J. R. R." ACTIO,N AGAINST A RAILwAY COMPANSY FOP. DELAY. I -In the AManchester County Court on Tuesday an action was brought by AMr. Gibbs against the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Conipany to recover damages for loss of time and expenses incurred through the negligence of the defendants. Mr. Fermley, barrister-at-law, stated the case for the plaintiff. e said Mr. Gibbs was a metal dealer at Wolvherbanipton, and some time since, having occasion to go to New;cas4le upon important business, he took a ticket at MZanchesterand proceeded by the trainwhich left Manchester at 6 o'clock in the morning, and which was advertised in the company's bills to arrive at Newcastle at half-past 11. It appears there was no time lost when the train reached Normanton, but betw een there and York there was considerable delay, and on getting to the latter place the plaintiff found that the Newcastle train had left half an hour, and he had to remuain for the next, which was a slow train, and did not arrive at N ewcastle until half-past 4 in the afternoon, which wvas too late for the plaintiff to transact the business upon which he came, and he claimed 6t. for the expenses of the journey and l4. for loss of time. 1r. Cobbett, for the defendants, contended that the company were not liable, as it was not on their line the delay took place ; but his Honour overruled the objection, on the ground that the company granted a ticket through to Newcastle. Mlr. Cobbett then addressed the jury in mitigation of damages, and, hits Honour having summed up, the jury retired, and in about half-an-honr returned with a verdict for the plaintiff for 101., the amount claimed.-3fanchfueei. Guardian. COISio ON; Trug CeAEDONIAN RAw,AY.-An accident, which auighlt have been of a more serious nature, occurred on Alonday evening on the Caledonian Htailway. The mail express train from London, on arriving atthe Motherwell niaduct bridge, about 12 miles fromG dlasow came in direct collision with a goods train, causing both engines to be considerably damaged, and also several of the vaggons and carriages, and causing many contusions and shocks to the passengers by coming in contact with each other, but fortunately no limbs wvere broken nor lives lost. The guard of the nurth mail was so severely contused, however, as to remain unable to speak, and, after medical attendance at Coatbridge, the nearest station, was brought on to Glasgow, still in the same condition. It may be known to most travellers on this line of railway that the Motherwell viaduct is a wooden structure G0 to £0 feet high, with very light protection at the sides, and has only one line of rails |rumng across, consequently one train should wait while the other crosses, and in this instance the goods train should Ihave waited wliile the express crossed the bridge; instead of which, thegoods train proceeded on until it reached the single line of rails, and came into direct contact with the express at this fearful elevation from the ground below. The passengers, many of them, owe the safity of their lives or lnmbs to the carefiulncss and presence of mind of the driver of the express, who, as soon as he saw the danger, put on all the powers of his breaks to stop the train. HEad he not done so, nothing could have saved the carriages from going over the viaduct, wlhen the consequences would have reen dreadful to contemplate; or, if the express train had been 20 or 30 yards more in advance, the goods train would have run broadside into the express, having only passed the points a few yards on the single hne. The goods train iraver complained that his break was, and had been for F some time, in very bad order, and, although lie sav the danger signal, he could not stop his train.-Glusgoow Daily
THE Bl.ITISI EXPEDITIOX. (FR~om OIUP SpECIal ColtSmoxIDZNT.) CAMP BEFORE SEBASTOPOL, MARcic 22. For the last week our army has been cultivating its tastes for the drama, improving its acquaintance -with the Rusbians, preparing for active service, if needs should be, in the field, and organizing the Great Sebastopol Spring Meeting, wvhich will take place on M1onday next by the banks of the Tchernaya, not very far distant from the scene of the memorable charge of the Light Cavalry Brigade on the 25th of October, 1854. The demolition of trenches, works, and houses in the city continues daily and incessantly, so that the south side will soon be as desolate and ruinous as Thebes or Palmyra. Every hour long trains of men pass by with beams of timber and planks on their shoulders, which are taken out of the remains of the WVhite Buildings. Had tire been rained down from leaven on the devoted city its annihilation could not have been more complete. The stranger who halts to survey it from the neighbouring heights, deceived by the whitewashed and plastered walls of the houses, might think that Sebastopol was still a city; but when lie walks through its grass-grown, deserted streets, formed by endless rows of walls alone, of roofless shells of houses, in which not one morsel of timber can be seen, from threshold to eaves; when he beholds great yawning craters, half filled with mounds of cut stone, heaped together in irregular masses; when he gazes on tumuli of disintegrated masonry,-once formidable forts, and now shaiken, as it wvere, into dust and powder ; when he stumbles over the fragments of imperial edifices, to peer down into the great gulfs, choked up vith rubbish, which nowv mark the site of the grand docks of the Queen of the Euxine; and beholds the rotting masts and hulls of the sunken navy, -which was nurtured there ;' when he observes that what the wrath of the enemy has spared is fast crumbling away beneath the fire of its friends, and that the churches wvhere they worshipped, the theatres, the public monuments, are specially selected for the practice of the Russian gunners, as though they were emulous of running a race in destruction with the allied armies,-he will no doubt come to the conclusion that the history of the world affords no such authentic instance of the annihilation of a great city. It is hard to believe that the site can ever be made available for the erection of houses or the construction of docks; but I am by no means certain that the inmense resources in the command of manual labour possessed by the Government of Russia, of which this very struggle has afforded us all such striking proofs, in the Quarantine Battery, the Bastion Centrale, the Bastion du 31at, the Redan, the MIamelon, and tle IMalakhoff, may not be available in time to clear away these modern ruins, and to rebuild houses, theatres, palaces, churches, forts, arsenals, and docks as before. To prevent any successful attempt to use the old materials in the doclks our engineers are now busy in destroying the coping stones of granite and the larger masses of stones in the masonry; but in the Inkermanm ravines there are inexhaustible supplies of building material, which can be floated by the Tchelrnaya into the waters of the harbour wvith very little trouble. The immense quantity of cut stone lying in piles at the upper end of the halrbour shows that the allies intemrpted the Russians in the development of the splendid architectural plans which it was the ambition of eiiperors to accomplish, and which had engaged every thoug,ht and energy of the Iutiscovite 2overnors of the Crinea. The -ahMe AR x-i-P v mansions vwhich remaffiec on the French side of the town have been battered to atoms by the Russian batteries on the nortli side; the theatre has been demolished, and the beautiful churclh of St. Peter and St. Paul laid in ruins by the same implacable foe, and they have directed particuilar volleys of round shot and shell on a monument to one of their naval heroes, which stands conspicuously placed in front of a beautiful little kiosk in the midst of a garden, to which there was a fine approach from the place behind Fort Nicholas by a handsomiie flight of steps, nowv knocked to pieces. On a quadrilateral pedestal of some pretensions, supporting entablatures wvith allegorical devices, and ornamented at the summit by a pmI.pis, were inscribed -lien first I saw it the name of " Kazarski" and the dates 1829 and 1S34, with an intimation that the moniument was erected to posterity in his honour. AIost of the letters have been stolen and knocked away now; and had not the fire from the nortth ceased the pedestal itself would have clisappeared likewise. The French garrison, somewhat harassed by the incessant fire on the tov,-, n-hich, however, did them or us but little miscliief, have constructed out of the deb,ris of the houses a very neat qutartier inside the walls, wlhichl is altogether new, and presents a very strange appearance from its contrast to the ruins arolmd it. The huts of which it is composed consist of wood, and are ranged in regular rows with the usual street nomenclature in these parts of the world, and the 21st Regiment of the Line, who made it, certainly deserve very great creclit for their ingenuity, taste, and neatness. Notwithstanding the very cold weather which prevailed till to-day aud yesterday afternoon, numbers of our officers and men descend to the Tchernaya every day to communicate with the Russians, to examine the new racecourse, or to wade after the wild fowl which abound in the marshes. There is nothing new in these intervie-ws now, except that the Russians seem to have growni more cordial, or less sullen, since they have become so confident about the conclusion of peace. Occasionally one of the Chevalier Guardl makes his appearance and creates a sensation along the banks; but the number of officers w%ho come downi to our side bears a very small proportion to that of the allied officers who attend these reunions. The nlen seem never to tire of looking on each other. French, English, and Sardinians swarm down to the banks of the Tchernaya, in spite of the cold and bitter winds, to confabulate mith the Ruskie, to exchange money with them, and to stare at their dogged, and, it must be added, rather dirty-looking enemies, who are not quite so eager or so active in their curiosity as the allied soldiery, and who need the stimulus of turning a dishonest penny in the exchange of small coins to tempt them from grass cutting and thc p ursuit of wild duck and hares by the flats beneath Mackenzie's Farm to the banks of the streani. They are dressed as usual; winter and summer there is no external change in their aspect, and the men 1 sqaw on that warm 20th of September on the slopes of tiie Alma seem repeated and multiplied in every direction as I look across the Tchernaya. There is a -wonderful family likeness among the common soldiers. The small round bullet head,' the straiglht light hair, high cheek bones, gray keen eyes rather deeply set beneath straight and slighlydefined eyebrows, 1,undemonstrative noses with wide nostrils, large straight mouths, square jaws, and sharp chins are common to the great majority of them. Their frames are spare and strongly built; but neither in stature or breadth of shoulder do they equal the men of our old army of 1854. MIany of the officers are scarcely to be distinguished from the men in air, bearing, or dress, except bythe plain, i-made, aiid slight swords -which they carry from an unornamented shoulder-belt; but now and then one sees a young fellow-with the appearance of agentleman, in spite of his coarse long coat; occasionally a great tall lumbering fellow, -who seems to be of a different race from tlce men around him, slouches along in his heavy boots. The clothiing of the troops appeans to be good. Their boots, into which they tuck their loose trousee; are easy and well - made, and the greatcoat3 worn by the men fit them better than our own fit the Eng-lisi infantry. The colour, which is not so much a gray as a dunnish drab, is adcmirably suited not only to conceal the wearers in an open country, but to defy dust, mud, or rain to alter its appeal ance. French soldiers and Russians -were shooting ducks on different sides of the stream, and whenever ashot was fired one could at once make out the sportsman amnid the rnshes by his blue coat, if he were a Frenchman; but it was diflicult to distinguish the Russians as they wadedthrough the marsh, and a General officer who was near me called my attention particularly to the fact that a body of the latter belowv Mackenzie's Farra could not be made out distinctly til the eye had followed their march for some time; coat, cap, trousers, and boots present but slightly differing hues of the same colour, and I am bound to say the complexions of the men do not present any very decided contrast to the tone of their garments. On Tuesday I went down to see -where our races are to be. I came to a little piteh by the river side, where a darlk whirling pool spoke of trout to a fisherman, and at the other side was a 3l:uscovite officer busily engaged in throwing over change for a five franc piece in inscrutable coins to a French sergeant of Zouaves, who was popularly believed by the few bystanders around to have magnified very considerably the value of the silver missile he had flung to the other side. A sirmilar scene might have been witnessed at every favourable spot along the Tchernaya, and a}} the time the Russian sentries plodded heavily up and down, saluting their officers with profound respect as they passed, and gazing anxiously at the flying lumps of mud charged w.ith mitriaille ofJsous or gros pieces of Napoleons, and marking eagerly the spots where the impromptu shells burst now and then and their metallic burdens fell into the stream. I dare say there is some strange fishing and divin at night in those mruddy waters. Further back in the sedgy ground are lynx-eyed duck-hunters, plungilggthrough the waverig bulrushes, and knocking over the flat billed swimmers with an incessant pop which puts one in mmid of the old sounds from the rifle pits on a quiet day in the trenches. Some of these graycpated gentry-the Ruskies, not the ducks-are wbnderfulshots, and may be seen carrying away strin.gs of ild fowl over their shoulders towards MacLenzie's Farm. The :French, on our side, are as assiduous, but by no means so successful in pursuit of game, whsich, indeed, is scarce towards the western banL-, and now and then, to the indignation of our more scrupulouis and better disciplined sportsmen, they cross over the river and wage with the Russians a common war against anatidce scolopilw, and gallatores. When I say "better disciplined," I meain only to imply that the sevenities of our chiefs, who threaten any officer wvho may be found out of bounds witlh the penalties of a court-martial, deter them most effectually from taking the liberties in which our allies so gracefully indulge. "H Have you killed anything?" said I to a gallant young Guardsman, knee-deep in slush. "No; these confounded - frighten them all to the other side, where they are so thick they can't be missed, and then they go over and shoot thel like sparrows, while we poor devils are kept here and will be broke by old C- y if we follow them." However, wildducks, have been killed and eaten by us, and the pintail and the teal, the golden-eyed pochard, the widgeonhiis tufted brother, the little grebe, and some other varieties, have undergone the trying operations of the British cuisinier. As we ride along, lo ! a fusillale springs up in the maish, and grandly through the sky, in dazzling relief against its azure, sail two milkvwhite swans, with outstretched necks and black bills, cleaving their way against a strong east w ind, and jerking a wiing now and then in acknowledgment of some high-flying bullet that has just gently tickled the feathers of their snowy mail. of brent geese, or a flighlt of mallard and duct with wvhistlng wings, or heavy bitterns,or agile snipe and cloudy streaks of plover, and distract the attention and the aim ofthe excited pot-hunters. For several long miles this active chase goes on under the solemn brow of Ink-einain, past the deep gorges of these blood-stained ravines, by the deserted Citv of Caves, the dwelling-places of mystic and forgotton races, till the Tchernaya, expanding as it flows, gains on the yielding earth, and eats its way with many mouths through the fat nmirais into the blue waters of the roadstead of Sebastopol. The races are expected to be very grand and excitinig. Peirmission having been obtained froni the French General to use the plain near the head of the aqueduct, working parties have been emiployed in constructing the usual number of " famous obstacles," and in filling drains and deep cuttings u-ith the *waters of the reservoir. It is understood that the Russian Generals and their suite and staff have been invited toattend. Here is the preliminary programme of the sport of the day SEBASTOPOL SPRIN-G M1EETING. Mo\'DAty, IBCLnc 24. STMEVARDs. Read-quarters-Captain Ponson, Grenadier Guards. Honorary Secretary and Treasurer-Major Woumbwell, 46th Regiment. Fxr.sT RACE. A HAN-D.CAP SWEEPSTAKES of 1. eaclh, lhalf forfeit, with 251. added, for all ponies 14 hands and under. Half a mile on the flat. SECOND RACE. A SWNEEPSTAKES of 51. each, With 50l. added, for al horses. 12st. 71b. each. Previous steeplechase wsinners anywhere once, nlb.; twice, 101b. ; thrice or mlore, 141b. extra. Two miles over the Steeplechase Course. 101. for the second horse. THIRD RCE. A ILuNDICAP SWEETSTAKES of 31. each, half forfeit, with 301. added, for all ponies 14 hands 2 inches and under. Onemile over the Steeplechase Course. 5!. for the second horse. FouIP.T RACE. A SWEEPSTAKES of .51. each, with 501. added, for all horses. llst. 71b. each. Winners once, 71b. ; twice, 101b. ; thrice or more, 14ib.--extra. One mnilo and a half on tie flat. 10!. for the second horse. FIFTH RACE. A SWEv.EPSTAKEXS of 31. each, with 301. added, for TurLish, Arab, Barbs, and Spanish horses, l1st. each; India Arabs, 101b, extra. One mile. Flat course. SIXTH RACE. A HACIc RACE. A Sweepstakes of 11. each, with 201. added, for all horses which have never started for any race wvhere public money vas added. Catch weights. Half a mile on the flat. Post entrance. SEDENTH RACE. The ConsonTroxN SCRAatBEE; a Handicap Sweepstakes of 11. each, with 251. added, for all horses which have started but not won during the meeting. One mile. Steeplechase Course. Post entrance. RIULES. The decision of the stewards to be final. Four horses, the property cf diff'erent owners, to start for each race, or the public money will not be added. All horses to be the property of, and ridden by, officers of the allied armies or navies. Entries to be made, and stakes paid to 31ajor Wombweli, 46th Regiment, on M onday, March 17. Weights to be published at Crockford's and Stewart's Stores on Wednesdawy, March 19. Horses' performances to he declared to the hon. secretary at the time of entrance. Wrong descriptions to disqualify the horse and forfeit the stakes. If the weather he unfavourable the races will be postponed at the discretion of the stewards. First race to start at 12 precisely. Half an hour between each race. Ti must reserve my diary till next mail,with the exception of the following mostmelancholy paragraph, which refers to the catastrophe at Balaklava on BMonday night. TuEsDAY, M1ARcu 15. On the night of the 17th inst. a shocking accident occurred on the slope above Kadikoi. Some wooden huts there are occupied by men of the Cormnissariat Works Corps. This is a body of labourers and artisans lately sent out to supply the place of the soldiers previously employed by the Commissariat, and who have returned to duty in their regiments. It consists of butchers,coopers,carpenters, and ordinarylabourers. At about midnight an alarm of fire was given, and assistance hmuied to the place. Several huts were in filames, and, notwithstanding the utmost exertioltg of English and Sardinian troops, they were e& tirely consumed. Sixteen bodies were taken fiom among the ashes and lay side by side in horrible arrab - during the whole of the fllowig aftrnoon i?nrt,on was out of the question. Had one of tehte rpses been met lying by the roadside, it wrould probab ~yhave been effectually passed unheeded as a charred log. MNosw " he masmndeed had the iire done its terrible work. *,e. a sive frames of these strong men were shrnnk shrivelled into mere cinders. None exceeded tw.) feet in length; the limbs had disappeared, or, at most, in some cases, did stumps, mere vestiges of legs and arms, remain. The entrails, hearts, and lungs were, in some of the bodies, exposed, but they were burnt and black as coals. Only here and there a red tinge appeared. On the left of the ghastly line a few fragments of burnt bones were heaped together (they mlight have been contained in a handkerchief), and at first it was supposed that these were the remnants of a seveniteeth body; but it is now believed that they were merely detached bones and morsels of limbs belonging to the 16 sufferers. Of course "accidental death" was the verdict of the inquest held. Fourteen of the victims belonged to the Cominissariat Works Corps ; it has not been ascertained positively -who the other two were, but it is said that they were men of the Army Works Corps, who had been passing the evening with their friends. It is not easy to ascertain with anything like certainty the origin of the misfortune. The first report concerning it was that the men were intoxicated (it was St. Patrick's night, and there was not a little drinking going on), and that the smooke had suffocated without awakening them. Contradictory accounts have since been spread, and probably the exact truth will never be known; but men who were in the huts, and escaped, declare that their unfortunate comrades were certainly not uider the influence of liquor. WEMIESDAY, 3DLcinc 19, Some comments have been made in Parliament on the unequal distibution of honorary rewards for services in the past campaign, and they find many an echo in the army out here. The surgeons, to whom the honours of the Bath are rarely given, canvass very warmly the propriety of some of the selections for the C.B.; and, although there are a few names which all admit to be entitled to the appendix of these magic letters, the opinion of the profession is not unaimous with respect to the propriety of passing over certain officers who have toiled in the heat of the day, and have been passed by their juniors in the race towards the cool of the evening. Dr. 1ice was in charge of the Second Brigade, Light Division, from the landing at Varna till he was appointed, in the most trying and frightful period of our distresses, to the Bala- klava district in the whiter of 1854. He served during what may be termed the cholera campaign at Devna, Monastir, and Varna, and distinguished himself by his zeal and energy in the field hospitals after the battle of the Alma. He was also doing duty wvith his brigade on the 25th of October and on the 5th of November, and was in the field during the memorable actions which took place on those days. He subsequently established the beautiful hospital at Kululee, w hich first retrieved the character of our medical establishments in the East, and he is now president of the Pathological Board at Scutari, but he has not received the honours of the C.B., and has had what one may fairly suppose to be the mortification of seeing two medical officers who were only regimental surgeons at a time when he was in charge of a brigade of seve- ral thousand men singled out for that high and much prized distinction.. No one can grudge Dr. Gordon or Dr. Mlowat their honours, but the former, although he was promoted in October, 1854, after the Almna, did not return to the Crimea till the spring of 1855; and the latter was not promoted till February, 1855, which was just a year after Dr. Tice was placed in charge of his brigade. During his administhation at Balaldava nearly 6,000 Diiglish, Turkish, and Russian soldiers, sickor wounded, were embarked and sent down to the Bosphorus, and in no one instance did the military authorities visit with censure the department -rOfrne army the stigma wiclh Lord Raglan felt it necessary to attach to it in reference to the measures taken by its members for the recep.tion of the sick at Balaklava. SA.=RDiAY. P.S. Sir George Maclean wiU leave the Crimea on his way home to-day. The anxieties and responsibilities of his position have proved too trying for his strength, and lie quits the army for a time with the respect and good wishes of his superiors as well as of those who have had the good fortune to serve under hiim. AI1r. Drake, an able and experienced officer, will transact the business of the departument during the absence of Sir George Maclean. I
TURKEY. (FROM OUR OWN1 CORRESPONDEPRT.) CONSTAMNTIOPLE, liTcu 625. Yesterday the great le Deum took place for the birth of an heir to the Imperial Throne of Francee the Cwips diplomatiqge, General Storks, -with about a dozen Engglish officers, a great many French ar-my and navy officers, besides a number of the more prominent French residents of the place, assembled in the great ballroom of the French Embassy, which was thrown open for the occasion. The approaches to the Palace were lined with a detachment of F?rench infantry and of Ponipiers, a military band playing on the esplanade. Lord Stratford, as organ of the coips diplo6nWtiqte, made a congratulatory speech, to which M. Thoutvenel replied in the same way. Then all those present went in a body to the Church of St. Louis, separated only by the esplanade from the Embassy buildings. The gallery of the church had been reserved for the ladies, while the body of the chlurch was occupied by the rest of those invited. There woiuld have been many more English officers present had the celebration oI tlle Te Deuma been more generally known; but, as it was, only those went to -whose knowledge the thing had come accidentally, and among them was not a single Britislh naval officer, although there can be no doubt they would have made it otherwise a point to be present. In the evening the French Palace was illuminated, and the Ambassador gave a grand dminer to his compatriots. The following are the deaths between the 1st and the 22d of March at the Barrack Hospital, Scutari:-, Private J. Curtis, 88th Regiment, phthisis; P?rivate G. Sanderson, la nd Transport Corps, diarrhoaa; Private J. Downing, 39th Regiment, pleuritis; Gunner T. Gee, Os. raanli Horse Artilery, pneumonia; Private x. Heffernoon, 39th Regiment, febris. The following are the deaths between the 1st and the 23d of Mlarch at the General Hospital, Scutari:-. Veterinary Surgeon A. Cherry, 1st Dragoons; Private J. Cartwright, 6th Dragoon Guards, morbus Brightii; Private G. Summners, 4th Dragoon GuaTds, catarrh. Private J. Ryan, 12th Lancers.
THE P U1iFIt NUISAINVCE. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TrJES. Sir,-I tlink the latest device of one of the puffing firms of the West End deserves your notice and exposure. The enclosed envelope, inscribed, as you see, "Tines Report," was yesterday left at my house ; it contained1l list of manynamed "'mantles" and *' miagnificent flounced robes." As the character of these circulars is notorious, the name of the Tim's is placed on theexterior to avert that instant transfer to the fire which I hope is tlse fate of most of them; but publicity may neutralize the " dodge." The speculators on public credulity must think Camdentown a very confiding neighbourhood, for we are flooded with every vaiiety of printed puff, thrust upon us in every kind of disguise; sometimes an unpaid letter produces a double amount of wrath and postage. Butthere is one criminal in particular, on whon I would invoke signal vengeance. It is a wretclied undertaker, who (unlike what he deals vith) does not knock equally at every door, but insidiously slips under it the terms on which he would be happy to dispose of yon, in a " bricked" or " common," with every regard to economy; feathers e.xtra. To a nervous3invalid the discovery of such a document might be 2a serious shock; and even a healthy man may reasonably objebt to the liability of finding this tariff of aeath on his threshold. Vonta Sin F. I Camden-town, April 3. - - THE REPRESENTATION OF CHPPEXA.-Mr John Neeld, brother of the Late representative for ChiMpen bam, having declined to come forward, Mr. Robert;arry NKisbet, of Southbroom-honse, near Devizes, has offered himself as a candidate. lir. Nisbet has long been a residen' in the county, and, some few years ago ho served, with much credit to himself, the office of W,s1l Sheriff. Hi political opinions are Conscrvatiy-e, A yet no o1ar tadi' date has appeared,
THE COrNT DE MOINTALFtBERT AND I IHIS TRANTSLATO, I TO T1E EDITOZOF TH5E TIfES. Sir,-Reluctauce to encroach on your very valuable space alone prevented me fronu sendin" tc you with I. de Montalembert's letter specific proofs of theJutSice of hlis remarks on the authorized translation of his work. Wil you now allow mie to supply the omission, for an inMue,tia litolary journal (the Atheimuzenm) has praised thig -ransIatior as showinrg "a thorough nim%,ty 0t bo(i languages," while its correcEnegs and good falth va galUitly maintained in your coltumns by' the al l. sd translator under the familiar signature Permit me first to say that tlis cc H. B." is neiv and a complete nmyth to me, since he (or she) can hardly be the n elebrated arist by whom those initsalalhave been :Ammortalized. M.y correspondence on the subject OI the trI lation (a tolerably extensive one) was with BA eminent literary ch racter, who has nothing in common with "H. B." beyond a natural genius for caricaturing what he undertakes to portray; ai'd when I addressed my first; complairt to M31r. 3uIray, barked by a. long list of errors, he replied, "1 sIhall not venture to pit my knowledge of French agaimst yors, lsut I thinlk I shall be justified in settine, Mr. -'& experience (naming the editor) in competition -with it." Wliatis more,Ihavedirect,as reTl-as strong presumptive, evidence to prove that this gentlemamn did pay imost minute attention to the passagesmwhiclt. have undergone the most unjustifiable treFrAment-c. g.:- " Contenir et r6gler la d6- " To restrain and gniib democratie sans lavilir, l'or- mocracy mitlhoet debasing it, ganiser en monarchle teim- to regulate and reconcB.- it pere6 ou en r6publique con- with a liberal monarchy cc a servatrice, tl est le pro- Conservative republic, suce bleme de notre siecle; nais is the problem of our age; bnt3 ce probldnme n'a encore 6tc it is a problem which hasrdsolnub epart." (P. 3S.) been as yet nowvhere solved, exceptin England." (Translation, u.37.) I cannot allow the amniable " 1T. B." to bear the blane of this characteristic alteration. Att -, a7t Diabolos. I corresponded with the editor oI this very doctrine, with direct reference to the passage. I have also a letter from hini requesting information as to allusions in the following paragraph:- " Ce cute d'idoles hn- "This abject derotioa to maines, d6guis6 soeslenom de hutnan idols nnder the name heros - hero-worshipping, of heroes-thishero-worship, comma en dit aujourd'hui- as it is now caUed-this aducette idolatrie de la force et lation of trinumphlnt iolence du succ6s a troave un pro0- has found an eloquent adrophtte d1oquent dans la per- cate in Mr. Carlyle, whose sonne de M.Carlyle, dont le admitted talent deserves to talent incontestable m6rite be mentioned as ha-ing more d'etre signale6 comme celui than any other attemipteod to qui ale plus travailU6 a d6- deprave the public mind in praver l'esprit public en England, and to destroy the Amgleterre et -a d6traire le prestiyc of her ancient instiprestige de ses anciennes in- tutions. stitutlons. Apr6s avoir 6crit "After having travestied l'histoire de la EZvolution the History of the Trench Francmise dans une serie de Revolution in the Rabelais tableaux Rabelaisiens, oa style, wNhere t,IC atrocities of l'horreur dzu crime et l'inno- tlhe actors and the innocence cence des victimes sont tra- of the victimsarenconfounded vestis avec ine reivoltante and laiyhied at with a rebouffonnerie, il a essay6 volting and disr1srting bufd'iinposer a l'Angleterre le foonery, Mr. Carlyle tried to culte de Cromwell, en at- impose on Engilnd a sort of tendant rnieux. nl compte Cromwell-worship, to becim beaucoup d'admirateurs et with. He has many adde copistes. Ur. certain mirers and many copyists. A nombre de recueils p6- number of perodicals have riodiques so fcnt 1'6cho de becomethe echo of his docses doctrines. Cette adora- trine. Thisadorationof force tion de la force n'est qu'une -this hissinyof the ironhand, consdquence, paradoxale en is nothing but a consequence apparence,mnisprofond6ment - apparently paradoxical,but logique, de 1'esprit d6mo- profoundly logical-of the ci-atique habilement greffe spirit of democracy cleverly sur les inter6ts et les passions grafted on the interests and du moment. Elle pent ser- the passions of the moment.' vir i expliquer certais ph6- It may help to explain cernomdnes r6cents de rad- tain recent phenomena of miration popual-ire en Angle- popular admiration hi Lngterre, qui ont etonm6 le land which have astonished monde. Des versificateur- the world. Some lauguisbing kangorecux se font l'echo Toets make themselves thE orle cette admiration et de gans and partisans of this adcette envie maladive, dans mniration and of this sickly les elegies qui contrastent envy, in some elegies which - itraugement avea Porgueil contrast strangely with the aational dont ctaicnt en- national pride whichiullamed. anamns, il y a un 1-mlr] audi.S ss.s-ri±ex: Mtlsiat+rS' S-OC;1e6 of society. We remember' On se souvient que sous that in the reign of Lonis Louis XIV. leg i6fugi6s XV. the French refugees in7 Francais publidrent Un pro- England published a protestestation intitulee SSoV.pis tation, entitled, 'The Sighs de la France csclare' of enslaved -France for Aujourd'hui, si les vers et la Liberty.' In our tinLe, if the prose de ces panugyristes de verses and prose of those t'uniti et de to. sinnpcit,n due panegyrists of rolvitionary 770Ut0ir m6dritalent tant reform were deserving of so d'=oUneur, on pournrit faire great an honour, we might un recueil de dol6ances in- form a miscellany of cointituld 'Sou3,iirs de l'Anglc- plaints, entitled *The Sighs terre libre.'' (Pp. 4G-19.) of free EnglandforSlarcery!"' lN'ow, -who tiansformed kI. Carlyle fiom an "eloquent prophet" ilto an " eloquent advocate," or made his alleged buffbonery " disgusting" as well as revolting; or translated tableam:x; a?belaisieCis, Cs the style of Rabelais," or " 7,7torreacr ditcrimane," " atrocities of the actors ;" or elevated the versificafeeus ilto poets, and made them, no doubt much to their surprise, the panegyrists of " revolationary reform"-which they hoped to see averted by the " unity and simplicity of power" which, they did panegyrize ? The very title of the protestation alluded to is altered by the addition of "for Liberty," that it may pair off with the equially gratuitous addition of "for Slavery." Tlhe next paragraphl begins thus: " Ce n'est pas seulement " It is not only for thc a l'dtr tano qua des iournauIx mewridiani of Fravce that the nadicaux, tels que le Daily English Radical journals, et 'E.ranzer, vutantent such as the Daily iAclms and lea hienfaits d'un despotisme the Examincr, vaunt the noucau0 juste, et intelligenL" blessings of a despatisni so (P. 49.) nzcr, just, and iltdligent as ours. (P. 48.) The words " m11/toitrca," "jueste," and " intelligent" are printed in italics by the author. By the expansion of tlherm into " so new, just, and inteligent as oU7S," he is made to approve the very despotism he condemns; or, at best, an allusive sarcasm is turned into a direct attack. On the delicate. subject of a contemporary man of genius, again, M1. de Montalembert is made to say what he never intended. Comparing Sir Walter Scott -with M3r. Dickens, he speaks (p. 45) of the incomparable talent " Dont il (Scott) a su reprodiuie les mceu-rs et le langage des paysans et les peti*s bonrgeois Ecossais," and remarks that -Scott has almost always chosen his heroes and heroines, "dans les rangs lc ptts dletils de la societ6 ;" whereas, he continues, I le romancier le plus en vogue de nos jouris a chiercdi ses sujets et ses personnages dans la vie des classes inftrmediairc.s." The translator nakes him say:-" WVhile he (Scott) represents -with incomparable talent the manners and Language of the Scottish peasants and the middle classes, he has, on. the otler hand, almost always chosen his heroes and heroines in the higher ranks." " On the contrary, the most popular novelist of our days takes alU his subjects and characters from the iznferior classes." If such alterations of meaning wvere unintentional, they would betr ay the most extraordinary ignlorance in the translator and the most culpable neelience in the gentleman by whose authority Mr. 'Iurray sought to put me down, forgetting that evidence t character is of no avail when the case is clear. I shall coiclude with one more short,but most decisive specimen. It is taken from the eloquent peroration which closes the essay "Les eclipses n'etomnent "Eclipses surprise chilqueles enfants et n'effrayent dren only, and fnghten none que les saufages. Sachons les but savages. Let uts plles traverser lattehaute at le through thcse dark interrois cenur tranquile. Poursui- with untbcnt heads and tranvons de ce 'tris-e et inWrepide cuil hearts. Let us endure 2-egai-d' dont panle Bossuet with that 'sadand intreidl les jczux et les msultes de la aspec' that Bossuetdescribes fortune adverse." (P. 248). the .fcNenes and the insults of adverse fortune." Bossuet was speaking of Ret's look; at Mazan_ on a memorable occasion. The translation substitutes the neuter or passive for the active. I am perfectly ready to believe, however, that this -mms a:a. unintentional mistake, and to be xccused, as ID-. Johnsonl excused hiniself when a lady (some H.. BD, of those days, perhaps) asked him how he carla ta define "pastern" the knlee of a horse,-'tllgno_-. rance, Ma'am; pure ignorance." WVith renewed apologies, even though t}h: xewstalion of a distinguished foreigner is conce~wid.I e main, Sir, Your faithful and obedient mtvanut A, =tk'WOGt. Temple, April 3. THE 3A1AS.-LIVERPOOL, Apr5"3.-Mhe Britisih and North American mail steamshi, Af r'e 'Zil tal-e her depaiture hence for New York an; ayt u vhen letteis and papens wil be received at the Pogt-aciee at S a3j.; with late fee at 9 aan., and at ibe Unding stage at 10 a.m. The Australian mail saili;g-sMip .James Baines -will sail from Liverpool for M-e.llurne on Sunday, the-letter-hom closin:-,at S im. ;.hut* ittters and papeis will be received vajth late fee iv.t4 M a.9., and at the landing-#t.q at 10 a.m,
FOREIGN INTELLIGEYCE. RUSSIA. fTho foUowing appeared in our second edition of yesterdav:-1 (BY SUB L-RDI- AND BRrrSi TELEGIAPIL.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch froni our Berlin correspondent: " BERLIN, TiruRSDAY, APrtm 3. " An Imperial manifesto was issued at St. Petersburg on the Ist instant relative to the conclusion of peace. " It says, that though the wvar was not sought by Riissia, it had been waged vwith great energy by the Itussian people. " The rights of the Christians in the East were assured; thus the object of the war had been attained. " Special arrangements had been made to preTent collisions between Turkish and Russian vessels in the Black Sea, anud a new line of frontier had been agreed upon in Bessarabia. "
FRANCE. (FROM OUR OWN CIODRPPOND&NT.) PFARIS, IVEDIDAY, AuIL 2, 6 P.Ml. The silenee observed by the guests assenibled at the Foreign-ofiice on Monday to celebrate the conclusion of peace occupies the attention, not merely of the initiated public, but of all diplomatic circles; indecd, such an impression was made that I should not be surprised if it formed the principal subject of n:ore than one despatch to the Governmients whcse representatives were present. It does certainly seem odd tlhat on'such an important occasion, when the alliance between France and Eiugland had just been crowned with success, and wv-hen a brave ard powerful enemy was, we areto suppose, sincerely reconciled, the ally did not respond to the toast ard confirm the sentiments it'embodied, or that the cidcrant enemy, in the enthusiasm of new-born friendship, did not give utterance to the pleasure *which lie felt, or is presumed to feel. It was expected, moreover, that Count Walewski's speech would have been longer. Among the guests present on this occasion (there wvere, parparenthise, ovcr 70) vere3many vhohad not honoiured viththeir presence the opening banquet of the Congress. For instance, the Prussian Plenipotentiaries had not then arrived, and the crowvd of Envoys, Senators, Councillors. of State, and others who sat down to table on Blonday, wvere presumed to know nothing, or vely little, of what preceded. It was expected that tlle host would inform his guests of the course of afl}airs, excite the sympathy of his healers for the arduous labours of the Plenipotentiaries during the previous month, and satisfaction at their happy conclusion : in a *word, that he would say something more than he did. This after all is a mere matter of taste. MIost listeners, except in exceptional cases, prefer a short speech to a long one, and to those wvho have good cheer before them it is trying to have their attention or their digestion interfered with. But what can be said of the silence whichfollowed? ILord Clarendon did not respond because, perhaps, the usage had not been comiplied with of a previous communication of the host's speech. Co-unt Orloff, though not an orator, and little accustomed to public speaking, miglht have said something, in his character of a reconciled foe who has forgotten the past, to confirm the pious wish in favour of the duration of peace. I believe every member of the diplomatic body then present was taken unawares, and in the awkwardness of the moment it was su-gested to the Papal Nuncio, who by courtesy is allowved to take the lead on such occasions, to say a few words, which moreover would have become his sacred character-for Monsignor Sacchoni is an Archbishop as weli as an Envoy. The Kuncio may, for aught I k-now, be a great ornament to the church; he nay be possessed of every evangelic virtue, but, of a certainty, oratory is not among his gifts. His Emiinence is, I am sorry to say. one of the worst speakers to be found in the diplomatic coip3. The N.uneio, conscious of his deficiency, declined the task pressed on him, and Nwhen the -dnciual parties concerned refused to open their rcviit '*IemI tiseeiIer UlAxc,9 which mained silent. The public, who expected to find in the M1onitotr next day some specimens of fervid oratory, have been sadly disappointed, and I learn that yesterday, even on the very paade ground, the single speech" was the topic of general conversation among political persons. I learn from so maniy sources that the Italian question is one of those which 7ill occupy the Congress quite as much as any connected more inmunedintely w-ith that of the East, that I can hardly refuse to give credit to the fact. In a previous letter I aliuded to it, and, if I may credit the information I have received from more than one respectable quarter to-day, I should say that it will be one of the most i:portant. It appears, according to this version, thant tw-o or three daysafter the animated discussion on the admission of Prussia the Sardinian Plenipotentiaries were ask-ed to send in a note to the Congress, and they lost no time in complying. What are the specific points to which the attention of the Cor gress will be directed I cannot say with any precision, but I think that the occupation by French and Austrian troops wvill be among the first, if not the most important. It will be shown that the system of repression in Naples, the Roman States, and TuLscany cannot be continied much longer vithout exposing the whole peninsula to convulsion, and without provoking resistance on the part of even the most moderate. It will be required that the anomaly of foreign troops occupying a peaceful country, of which the rulers are said to be beloved by their subjects, shall be got rid of, and that the said rulers shallbe counselledto make certainmodifications and reforms in their internal administration, as the Porte engages to do,which will remove the causes of disafrection, and attach them still more to their people. But foreign occupation will, above all, be sho.n to he the most pressing grievance, and the one to be removed first. If the Italian Sovereigns refuse to listen to all reform they must take the consequences: tmit pis potnr eva:. The Emperor N;apoleon would not see with clispleasure suich a question nmooted, notwithstanding that it wvould be highly displeasing to Austria. WVe klnow that His Majesty has long entertained the notion of a Paris Congress, as a coun-terbalance to that of Vienna, w hich excluded his familv from the throne of France. The present Congress would hardly answer the object ; its mission was of another kind * its main, if not its only, object was the question of the East. But that of Italy, with all its branches, deserves a reunion of Plenipotentiaries ad hoc. Such 2 Congress, then, he would see with pleasure at Paris., and it will not be his fault if it does not ansemble. The Emperor continues to be marked in his attentions to the Russian Envoys, and the Russian Envoys still more enthusiastic in their admiration of HIis Majestiy. The Russian soldiers in the Crime3 lit up fires on their lines from Inkermann -to lorales when they heard the tidings of the birth of an Imperial Prince, and the Emperor sent G3eneral Ney to Count Orloff to thank him for the delicate attention of the Russian camp. Yesterday, during the review, the Emperor had Count Orloff for some time by his side, an honour which the Count appeared to appreciate highly, though he was too prudent to avail himself of it throughout, but whenever he could gave his place to sonie-one else, as if his merits were not equal to such an honour. I firmly believe that both the Emperor and the Russian know with whom they have to deal, and that the main point is not lost sight of in this gaiceful courtesy on the one hand, and affected admiration on the other. Every Russian is believed to be born a diplomatist. Russia earnestly wishes for peace at this moment; she makes great sacrifices to obtain it, whether -with the sincere determination to be on her good behaviour in future, or in the calmness of peace to try to recover at some more propitious moment what she has iost-recider pour mrieuaw sautter-time only can tell ; but, at all events, peace has become indispensable to her, and if an illuDiination from Inkermann to Perekop, and from Perekop to Moscow, or a line of bonfires, can contribute tp that object, she would not hesitate a moment. I should not be surprised to hear that public prayers were offered up in the churches of St. Petersburg for the recovery of Prince Jerome, or that the bells of Moscow pealed out in honour of the mariage of Prince Napoleon ,whenever that interesting event takes place The haughtiest and sternest Mu scovite will be-; come most coutiere when the interest ofI his policy is to be advanced. Before Coumt Orloff left St. Petersburg his line of conduct was traced out for him, and he was instructed to act so as to win the synipathy of the Sovereign to whom he was accredited. On a former occasion I alluded to the impression produced on Count Orloff by the Emperor, even after t he first inteirvie, lhe had with t him. The-grui and clever envoy wrote to his Court, and stated to various people here,his high opinion of the Emperor's talents. He was, in fact, so fascinated by the Emperor's manner as to declare that if the late Czar had had the good fortlune to be acquainted with His Majesty he would have thought twice before he had entered on a conflict with such a man. I firmly believe in the reality of the conviction wlhich possessed the mind of the Emperor Nicholas and his successor. The Czar is not the only person Nw-ho has been deceived in this respect, but I do not believe that it is the only reason which would have prevented the Emperor of Russia from making the audacious experiment which has ended so unfortunately for him. W'hat urged him to take the fatal step he did wvas his utter disbelief in tho possibility of an alliance between France and England, or of an estrangement with Austria. To weaken that alliance, and to avenge the disaffection of Russia's former friend, if she cannot hope to regain her, her future efforts vill be directed. To gain those ends nothing will be left undone. The terror which Russian power and prestige once inspired is now in great part dissipated. But Russia has other resources, and nothing thlatthe most obsequious flattery can suggest will be left untried. I have no doubt that Cosut Orlof and Baron Brttnow- have written and spoken in the most eulogistic tersus of the Emperor Napoleon, as they have shown by their acts since tlhey came here how profoumdly they were impressed with admiration for hilm. Count Orloff is said to have remained up all night, dressed and ready to rush to the Tuileries the moment he heard of the Emiipress's delivery; he was the first at the Tuileries on Sunday morning to pay his respects to the Emperor and his first born, and the compliments he expressed on the occasion might have excited the admiration and envy of the most consummate cotutier. Among the great qualities of the first Napoleon was one wvhich he did not often display, but which, it is said, he conld exercise with more skill than any man. He could be amiable when he pleased, and wlhen he had an object to gain the most seductive of men. These charming gifts were tried, and as he thought successfulUy, on Alexander 1. on a remarkable occasion, and no means of fascination were left unpractised. Alexander had proved that he was no match for him in war, but, great as were the povwers of Napoleon in the charms of conversation, he met wvith one who was not his inferior. His Imperial friendLhad-fascinations of his own, and in a contest of thiskind the victory was not all to the hero. If Alexander's tongue was not so persuasive his ears made up for the deficiency: he wvas one of the best listeners in the vorld. Well aware of the feelings which were uppermost in the mind of Napoleon at the celebrated meeting of Tilsit, the very first words the Czar addressed to hini were, " I hate the English as much as you do, and am ready to second yon in all your enterprises ag,ainst them." Durinag the tw-o hours' interview Napoleon used all the advantage vhich hiis extraordiniary qualiies invested him with, while the Russian displayed all his finesse and diplomatic ability. The one spoke w-ith the seductive vehemence of genius, but still as a master; the other listened in silent admiration, or answered with incomparable grace of manner and an appearance of profound conviction that was irresistible. The one went away convinced oI his ascendancy, but in reality imder the influence of his Imperial brother. The French Emperor believed that here too he was a conqueror; the lMuscovite did not dispute the fact, but he was thloughout the Grec d.u Bus Empire. Again at Erfurt the same demonstrations were made of mutual affection and admiration, the same pledges of eternal fiiendship, the same grace and fascination and still greater display and magniificenit welcome. What professions were not exchanged on that morning of the 14th of October-the anniversary, too, of the battle of Jena-when they rode out together to the spot between the villages of Ottsted and Nora, andl walked side by side in close conversation, apart and alone! They cordially embmced; one returned to Poland, the other retraced his steps to E1rfuirt. It was the last time they met on earthf. l When, in 1812, differences arose betw een himself that his enthusiastic friend and adminrer, who had responded so feelingly to the sentiment of the poet, " l'amitie cVun gramld 1heonun est in. bienfait des Dieux," thought seriously of making war against him; and, not to risk the irresistible ascendancy he thought he had acquired over him, he resolved to respect the integrity of the Russian empire, and refused to re-establish Poland. Napoleon III. is not the man to be bewildered by praise or seduced by adulation, and if Coumt Orloff imagined, on his quitting St. Petersburg for Paris, that the resources of diplomatic art could be applied with effect on him, he has, perhaps, long before this seen his error. The Emperor has not read the history of his great uncle in vain, nor have the errors that genius often commits escaped him; and Count Orloff may well write to his Court, and declare to his friends, that if the late Czar knewv with whom he had to do he would have hesitated before he drew the sword. The French army will, it seems, return from the Crimea in bodies of 20,000, with corresponding inate7iel. The Bretanne is capable of transDorting 2,000 men at a time, and 150 gunis by way of ballast. About six months will be occupied in the evacuation. It will begin in May, and last over October. The 2d, or General Bosquet's corps, as havina most suffered, will come first; the 1st, or General 'D'Auiemarre's, next ; and then the 3d, or General APMahon's. Sailing vessels will be employed for the 5nateiel. A despatch has been received from Marshal Pelissier, which announces an improvement in the health of the army. Last night Paris was brilliantly illuminated, and illuminated by the inhabitants alone, withouit any public building taking part in the display. The boulevards were exceedingly brilliant, and to a Ilte hour a dense crowd thronged both sides of them to such an extent as to render it difficult to move. The number of vehicles also was so great that more than once all advance became impossible. Several of the Arcades were lit up with great taste, and a sort of triumphal arch in the Marche St. Honor6 attracted much attention. A transparency of the Emperor Alexander II. at the Russian printshop on the Boulevard des Italiens had crowds round it during the evening. The whole display does great credit to the good people of Paris. Thie following private telegraphic despatches have been received "Th BrARSEILLES, APmn 2. "Trhe Borysthene steampacket has just arrived, ivth dates from Constantinople to the 2.Sth ult. "Tahe wvhole of the diplomatic corps were present at the Te Deumr sung on the occasion of the birth of the Prince Imperial. " In the evening there was a grand dinner at the French Embassy, at which Lord Stratford de Redclifre delivered a speech suitable to the occasion. " The quarter of Pera was illuminated at night. "The Presse d'Orient states that 1 inisterial intrigues were at work. "The accounts from the Crimea say that the sanitary state of the army continued to improve. " General Delila Marmora arrived at Balaklava onx the 1(th. "Letters from Eupatoria of the 16;h mention that a review of the allied troops had just taken place. "Several wrecks are mentioned as having occurred at Kostendje. " Accounts from Kertc, of the 1ltb, state that the expedition which had been in contemplation against the Spit of Arabat was postponed until the issue of the negotiations at Paris should he known. " Letters from the Danubian Principalities state that the Russians had allowed 163 vessels which had been detained in the Danube to leave. " Accounts from Athens to the 20th state that the Queen was becoming more and more popular every day ; she pays frequent visits to the hospitals and asylums. A considerable impetus had been given to public works and plantations. "The news of the birth of the Prince Imperia i was received with every mark of joy; the King immediately sent one of his aides-de-camp to offer his congratulations to MX Mercier,ther Fhbrench Ambassador in Greece All the Miiters afterwards visited that representative to express their satisfaction at the event." " BERLIM, Amrr 2. "The French, English, Sardinian, and Turkishdiplomatic agents yesterday visited the Russian Ambassador. " On Saturday a grand fete will be given at the Russian Embassy on the occasion of the conclusion of peace. All the diplomatic corps have been invited" The SinaY, which brought the last mail from Constantinople, left at Tenedos several French line-ofbattle ships and frigates, waiting for a fair wind to proceed on their voyage to Constantinople. Two French steam corvettes,. the Tisiphone and Eiumenide, were preparing to leave Gallipoli to take' them in tow. A grand fete was to be given at the residence of the French Consul at Smyrna on the 23d, on the occasion of the birth of the Prince Imperial, I at which the Pasha and all the foreign consular agents wvere to be present. The news of the birth iwas welcomed at Malta by' a salvo of 101 guns from toe screw liner PIince Jerome, which was afterwards |taken up by the forts and the ships in the roadstead. In the evening the town was illuminated. A letter fiom Bucharest, of the 20th ult., in the M0niteur, says:- " The news of the safe delivery of the Empress Eugenie 'was received here on the 17th, and caused general satisfaction. Yesterday a Te Deum was sung in the Catholic church of Sainte-Marie to celebrate the birth of the Prince Imperial, and the church was crowded. In addition to the French residents, all the Wallachian functionaries, in full uniform; General Macchio, theAustrian Commandant; General Suleyman Pasha, the Ottoman Commander; the consuls of the differentPowers, and, in fact, all the notabilities of theplace, were present. The ser-ice was performed by Mousignor. Parsi, the Bishop of Nicopolis. At the moment of the elevation of the host a detachment of the Wallachian nmilitia, who were draN-n up round the church, fired a feu dejoic, which was followed by a salute of 101 guns by the Turkish artillery. Prince Stirbey, in order to celebrate the event, distributed a sum of money from his privy purse amnong the poorer classes of the French." The Emperor yesterday received answers from the King of Wurtemberg and the Swiss Confederation to the notification of the birth of the Prince I-nperial. Aali Pasha will give a g-rand ball on the 10th, which the Emperor of the French, it is thought, will honour with lhis presence, as the Sultan did the ball of M. Thouvenel at Constantinople. The invitations, 800 in number, will be issued on the model of those of the Empress at the Tuileries. Count d'Appony, tle new Austrian Ambassador to the Court of St. James, has paid his diplomatic visits previous to his departure for London. Most of the Bishops of France have issued pastoral letters to their flocks on the occasion of the birth of the Imperial Prince, recommending them to thank Providence for this happy occurrence, and to invoke the blessing of Heaveni upon the future ruler of France. Baron Brunow has informed the French Government that the Emperor of Russia has taken off the prohibition which prevented the Russian nobles from visiting France. The pen *with which the treaty of peace wast signed was made from a quill taken from the vwing of an eagle at the Jardin des Plantes. Immediately after the signature it was placed on a white sheet of paper and surrounded by the seals of all the Powers represented at the Conigress and by the signatures of the Plenipotentiaries. At the bottom i. Feuillet de Conches, Chef de Bureau du Protocol, wrote-" I certify that this pen was talcen by me from the Imperial eagle at the Jardin des Plantes, and that it served for the signature of the treaty of peace of the 30th of March, 1856." The whole was then placed in a gilt frame and a glass fixed over it, to be presented to the Empress. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 60c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 95f.; and the New Loan at 74f.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,305f.; Great Northern, 1,005f.; Strasburg, 992f. 50c.; New Shares, 830f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,275f. ; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,575f.; WVestern of France, 903f. 75c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 750f. ; Great Central of France, 650f.; Lyonis and Geneva, 805f.; Bank of Crddit Mobilier, 1,660f.; Austrian Railways, 920f. Cour5s Autcntique.-PAuIs, April 2.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reinbursable for 10 years), 93f. 90c. 75c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 94f. 93f. 60c.; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 94f. 9Sf. 0c.; Three per Cents., 72f. 50c. 60c. 55c. 65c. 70c. 75c. S0c. 70c. ; ditto first Loan of 1855 (75 per cent. paid), 72f. 60c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 73f. 25c. 50c. ; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 73f. 25c. 50c. ; Bank of France, 3,.50f.; Credit Foncier, 720f. 725f.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Three per Cents., 405f.; Prom. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,645f. 1,650f. 1,U55f. 1,660f.; Discount Bank, 650f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 94f.; ditto Three per Cents., 61f. 50c.; Austrian Five per Cents., 90; Belgiai Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 974; Romans, 90N; Spaniisl Interior Debt, 40.. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f 37lc.; three months, money, 24f. 92Ac. ATJSTRIA. <_. ,x UO .nv li5POxDENT) VIENNA, MARcH 30. The Wiener Zeiutzg of this morning contains the state balance skeet for the so-called " Adn-inistration's Year, 1855"-that is, from the 1st of November, 1854, untl the 31st of October, 1855. The ordinary receipts were 258,50,915fl., and the extraordinary 5,277,970fl., making a total revenue of 263,786,885fl., which is 18,453,161fl. more than in the year 1854. The ordinary expenditure for the year 1855 was 300,875,669fl., and the extraordinary, 101,810,513fl., making a total ontlay of 402,686,lS2fl., which is 16,639,536fl. more thani in 1854. By the foregoing figures it will be seen that the deficit for the year 1855 was 138,809,297fl., which is 1,813,625fl. less than it was in 1854. The principal sources of the revenue were 1st, the land-tax, 60,748,126fl. ; house-ax, 110,588,961f. ; trade-tax, 9,156,307fl. ; inconie-tax, 7,339,273fl.; and, 2d, duties on provisions introduced into the cities and towns, 29,277,527fl.; Customs, 19,666,482fl.; salt, 25,578,321 fl.; tobacco, 25,165,480fl.; stamp duty, 27,460,10911.; lottery, 6,511,160 fl.; and Post-office, 2,452,309 11. The ordinary expendit-ure consisted of :-The Civil List, 6,743,813fl.; the Privy " Chancellerie " of His Majesty, 39,9731fl.; the Conference of Ministers, 31,508fl.; the Counciof the EEmpire,1S0,426fl.; Foreign Affairs, 2,214,942fl.; Interior, 21,325,211fl.; Finances, 25,751,205 11.; Justice, 15,366,146 11.; Ecclesiastical Affairs and Public Instruction, 5,306,880fl.; Comnuerce and Public Works, 17,937,429fl.; Army, 114,320,715fl.; Supreme Police, 10,453,691fl.*; Bookkeeping and Control Dopa-tments, 3,796,198fl.; interest on National Debt, 77,407,532fl. The extraordinary outlay for military purposes was 101,721,117fl., hicil is 10,426,453fl. more than it was in 1854. The assurance has been given me that the deficit for the year 1856 will be "very small," but such cannot well be the case, for even if the enormous sum of 101,721,117fl. for the extraordinary expenses of the army disappears from the next balance-sheet there will still be a difference of 42,500,000JI. between the receipts and the expenditure. Of course, the revenue will increase in proportion as the resources of the empire are developed, but it is not to be expected that the next balance-sheet -will show an augmentation of the ordinary receipts to the amount of 13,175,191fl., as is the case with that for the last year. The interest on the National Debt,which inl854was72,148,316fl., was 77,407,532fl. in 1855. It is the custom here to rail at Prussia for her narrowmindedness (Entgher2igkeit); but it would be well for the country if Austrian statesmen followed her example in financial matters. On the 16th His Majesty gave his sanction to the statutes and regulations of the Mortgage Establishment, which is connected with the National Bank. The statutes consist of no fewer than 55 paragraphs, but all the information which the Biritislh public will require may be given in a very few lines. The capital of the Mortgage Bank is 40,000,000fl. 'in bank or paper currency, and all such moneys as may be raised by the issue of so-called Pfand-Briefe (mortgage bonds). Onlyhalf its real value vill be advanced on landed property. The loan will be made in bank-notes or PfandBriefe, the parties concerned agreeing as to the rate of interest. The bank is empowered to issue Pfand-Briefe.to five times the amount of its capital, but the whole amount of the Pfand-Briefe in circulation must never surpass the sum for -which the bank is creditor on mortgage. The National Bank will discount and advance money on the PfandBriefe, which may also be sold and their prices quoted on 'Change. The object of the Minister of Finance in establishing the Hypothek or Mortgage Bank is to rescue the landed proprietors from a gang of greedy usurers who for a long -series of years have preyed on the very vitals of the nobility. Another company is also about to be formed for rendering assis- tance to those persons who are in possession of land without havin the necessary capital for working it. The new establishment, a kind of Credit Foncier, which is to be called "Joint-stock Company for Agricultural Enterprises," will probably thrive, but it must be observed that some of the persons who are to be in the administrative council do not inspire the public wvith much confidence. '_e desire of Austria to place her fleet on a level with that of SaTdinia is so great that two more screw-steamers are to be built without delay. The two screw frigates just launched are namedAdria and Donau. ' The Gendannerie costs about 7,000,000fl. of this sum.
& ONEY-MABKEf' and CITY [ATELLIGNCEN. Thursday Evening. The English funds have not been buoyant to-day, but they are without any material decline. Consols for money, which left off yesterday at 93 to )-, were first quoted 924 to 93, and returned to that price after having fuctuated between 924 and 93k throughoult the day. The amount of business lvas only moderate, the public manifesting a disposition for the moment to seek investments of a more speculative character paying a higher interest, and in which there is room for a greater rise whenever the money-market shall become easy. The additional creation of stock by the payments on the late loan likewise tends to keep the supply fuDly equal to the demand. The expectation of a fturther loan at an earlydate also exercises an influence, althoughin some quarters it is asserted that the Government do -not intend to ask for more than another 5,000,000!., andthat they wil attempt to keep the increased income-tax in force until the extreme periodnamely, April, 1858, to which, through the delay in the ratification of the peace, they have the power to protract it. For the account on the Sth of MIay the final quotation was 93k to .- New Three per Cents. closed at 93k to I ex dividend; India Stock, 226 to 228; India Bonds, ls. to 6s. discount; Exchequer Bonds, 981 to 4; and Exchequer-bills (March) Is. [to 3s. premium, (June) 2s. discount to par. In the Stock-Exchange to-day money was freely oflered at the current rates. At the Bank and in the discount-market the demand is likevwise moderate. Foreign seciuities have been less active to-day, and there was a slight decline towards the close. I The transactions in Turkish Six per Cents. were at 1014 for money, and 1021,4, 102, 101, 102i, and -101 for the account. The Four per Cent. Guaranteed Stock was dealt in at 102 and 101 g for the account. The general transactions comprisedGrenada Deferred, 7; Mexican, for the account, 214, g, 4, and s; Portuguese Four per Cents., 494: Russian Five per Cents., 105; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 95 and 94s; Sardinian Five per Cents., | for money 95, for the account 96; Spanish Three per Cents., 45s; and the New Deferred, for the account, 254, 25, and 24k. The closing prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 73f. 10c. for money, and 73f. 60c. for the end of the month, showing in the former case an improvement of s per cent. At Amsterdam and Vienna the stock-markets remain without alteration. The shipnments of specie by the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Pera amount to 487,1441., of which 102,5591. is gold, for Alexandria, Ceylon, Calcutta, Singapore, and Hongkong, and 384,5851. silver, for Bombay, Madras, Eingapore, Hongkong, Canton, and Shanghai. Inteligence has been received tlat the Thames sailed fiom Geelong on the 25th of January wvith 41,788 ounces of gold, valued at 167,1521. The Anglesey and the Red Jacket had also left Melbourne with considerable amounts. I Advices from MIexico of the 3d of March give a rather improved account of the prospects of the Government in their struggle against the reactionists. but scarcely hold out any hope of even a temporary return to order and security. Haro y Tamariz, the leader of the principal insurrectionary movement, appears to have committed a mistake in not marching upon the capital immediately after his capture of Puebla. At that time he would have met with little opposition, but General Comonfort, the President, had since been able to collect large forces, with which he had arrived at San Martin, a few leagues from Puebla, I where a battle was immediately expected. Mean- while all the occupations of the cotuntry were paralyzed, the Government, according to their usual practice, laying violent hands on private property and seizing the Indians for military service. No one could venture on the highways wvitl horses, cattle, or -Yaggons, since they would at once be taken for the purposes of the army, the owners receiving notlhing but a worthless written acknowledgment. The most glaring peculations are charged against a majority of the officials, and claims upon the Treasury were utterly disregarded on the plea that the "'sacred engagemients of the revolu- 44-1 ii. ,, ....n iJenu:. 01li- of thegro1SS0i wvas to repay $400,000 for an advance of $60,000. A ! new arrangement had been entered inlto regarding the Lizardi bonds, in virtuLe of which these bonds are to be cancelled, and MlIessrs. Lizardi are to receive a large amount of the internal debt bonds and a certain sunm in ordersupon the Custom-houises. The conduiet of the governors in the respective provinces was likely to create great difficulties. In Tepic the British Consul, Mlr. E. Balron, jiin., is stated to have been arbitrarily expelled, together with his brother-in-law Mr. Forbes, -who is the American Consul at San Blas, on a charge of lhaving interfered in local politics ; and a member of the Chamber, M. Gomez Farias, having been sentenced by the law courts to six months' inmprisonment for a libel against Mlr. Ban-on, sen., had been screened by a special act of Congress adopted for the occasion. At Tampico, also, an illegal attempt of the Governor to extort money fronm the foreign iniporters had led to a decided protest on the part of the French and other consuls. With respect to the new tariff, many of its provisions are stated to be decidedly more hberal than those of any previous one, but it is clogged by a number of suipplementary duties. The following communication relates to the financial position of the Panama Railway Company. The writer is correct as regards the dividend paid and the general price of the stock, but erroneously questions the statemenit, that the rise of one or two per cent.,reportedby the last packet,was wholly due to the traffic having been temporarily suspended vid Nicaragua. His information is likewise imperfect as to the natural advantages of the Pananma line having secured it the largest share of the passenger traffic and " all the freight." The competition of the Nicaragua Company lately caused the persons interested in the Panama route to consent to a mutual arrangement for the regutlation of fares, and until Nicaragua became disturbed in conseqiience of the WValker invasion taa-' route Wassteadily gaining the preference for tic :ransportation-of specie:- " Sir,-The remarks of the New York corrcspondent of 2Te Tihes on Walker's proceeding- in Nicaragua being calculated to create a very erroneos iIipreimion as te the position of the Panaln-m Ilailway Company, I beg leave to correct his singular, i- .presentations. So far from 'both companies,' the abo; aiied and the Nicaragua Transit Company, beiug r'dunced by rivalry to the condition of inability to pay al i, dividend, as described, the last1half-yeirly dividend of the former, declared in January last, was 6 par cent., which th, receipts of the previous six months fully warranted, and whice left a considerable surplus after paying all expeuses and interest on outstanding bonds. The traffic over the Isthmus is rapidly increasing, and the stook of the company is high, as the quotation in your own city article (10e) sshovs; but, so far iro-i this resulting from the enthe traffic being thrown on the line by Walker's confiscation of the property of the Nicaragua Transit Company, it is only a very slight advance on the quotations of the las. 12 months. " The rivalry alluded to by yourNewYork correspondent was between the steamers of the Nicaragua Company and those of the United States' Mail Company, and has been termninated by the former selling their vesseis on the W.est Coast to the Pacific Mail Company, and purchasing those of the United States' Mail Conmpany on the Atlantic. This arrangement gives the two companies an equal interest in both routes, but the natural advantages of the Panama line have secured it the largest share of the passenger traffic and all the freight, which could never be profitably carried over the Nicaragua route. "As foir any cause of apprehension which might otherwise exist on the score of Central American troubles, all such is removed, as regards the Panama Company, by the 35th Article of the treaty between the United States and New Grenada, which secures to the former a right of way across the Isthmus. Should this right of way be interfered with by Walker and his band, the Government of the United States is bound to protect it. Capital invested in 1 he Panama Railway, therefore, is under the safeguard of iheUnited States' Government, this being the only instance, except the subsequent Clayton-Bulwer treaty, in which i hat shield is thrown over the property of American citizens in a foreign State. "THE LONDON AGENT FOR THE COMPANY."
PArILWA Y ANTD MINING SHARES. Tharsday Evening. The railway-market was again active, but the highest quotations -were not generally maintained. In the shares of the foreign and guaranteedc lines there were numerous operations. A further advance I occurred in Australian AgriculturaL Peel River I and Van Diemen's Land were also well supported. Bank shares exhibited no important alteration, but Imining descriptions were rather more freely dealt in. I Bank of Egypt and Ottoman Bank both closed 1+ to i pm. ;'\Vestem of London, 2 to 1 dis.; London and Paris, 3i to 2i dis.; Alliance Bank, 1 dis. to par; and National Discount Company, i- dis. to nar.
TRADE BEPO1?T. Thursday Evening. SUGz.-There is no alteration in the market to-day. There wms only one public sale, consisting of 415 boxes yellow Havannah, part od which sold at very full pricesviz., 40s.. to 42s. (6d. for brown, 44s. to 46s. for low to middling, and 493. for fine yellow. Of 447 bags Pernaimbueo, only a part were disposed of at 405. to 42s. 6d.; 506hhds. lYest India have been sold. The Javasugars900 baskets-withdrawn at auction yesterday, have been placed rather under the buying in rates. COFFEE.-There were in sale -to-day 175 casks and 88 barrels and bags plantation Ceylon, partly consisting of the new crop, for which there wans good competition at full rates -viz., 6Os.6d. to666s. 6d. forfinefine ordinarysmalltomiddling close made greenish. Triage sold at 51s. to 57s. 6d. per cwt. The sam ples of the new coffee Ohown to-day were rather small and deficient in colour, but the auctions to-morrow are larger and will offer a better criterion. lRttC.-2,000 bags Bengal are reported sold-middling to good white at lOs. toi12s.; and Mloonghy at Ss. 9d. per ct. CO rN-EAL.-Of 352 bags in P.S. to-day about two-thirds sold at full prices; 254 bags Honduras ailver, ordinary to pea grain, 3s. Sd. to 4s. 2d. per lb.; 16 'bags small shelly black, 4s. to 4s. 2d. per lb.; 55 bags Mexican ordinary silver, 3s. SL to 3s. 9d.; and 17 bags Tenetiffe silver, 3s. IOS. to 3s. lld. per lb. TALLOWV.-Ihe market has been more active to-day, and 46s. 9d. has been paid for immediate delivery, and 47s. Gd is refused for the last three months.
COURT OF COMMONY COUNVCIL. Yesterday a Court, which was most numerously attended, 'Was held for the despatch of public business. BIRTH OF AN IMPEtIAL PFRICE SN FR,NCEL The LO-D ALMYOR-I beg to inform the Court that, in pursuance of the resolutions which were agreed to atour last maeeting, I have had the honour of waitinz upon his Excellency the French Ambassador by appointment, when I placed those resolutions in his hand. His Excelency received me with the greatest possible courtesy and politeness, and said it wvould fford him the most sincere pleasure in forwarding the resolutions to his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of the French. (Cheers.) BILL FOR THE kEFOP5 OF THlE CORPORATION. The REmI nBsxNcrER informed the Court that the Secretary of State for the Home Department had brought a bill into Parliament for the better regulation of the Corporation of Iondon. Mr. Wood, chairman of the Consolidated Committee, and Mr. W. Jones, chairman of the Conference Committee (a small section of the.Consolidated Committee), rose at the s me moment to address the Court. The LORD NLavoR said that Mr. Wood caught his eye firAt, and he called upon that gentleman to proceed. Mr. VfooD said, if ever there was a time when the minds of members of the Court should be cool and united this was the time. He assured the Court that he rose, not for the purpose of opposing the reception of the report of the Conference Committee, for he did not know what it was, but to drawtheir attention to amatteroffact that materiallyaffected their constitution and their privileges, with w hich the committee of which he was chairmian hadhadmuch to do. Hewas not norw disposed to express his opinion upon the subject of the alterations suggested by the (7overnment in the constitution of the corporation, nor was he disposed at that moment to enter into the details of the proposed measure, as they had not the bill before them. Be thought the whiole subject wvas one which required to be considered by either a very large committee of the Court or by a committee of the whole Court. (Hear, hear.) He therefore moved, " That the consideration of the bill be referred to a committee of the whole Court, with directions to report their opinion to the Court forthwith." (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. Jo'N,- in seconding the motion, said that, although it would have been conv-enient that the report that he had had submitted to him as chairman of the Conference Committee to bring to the Court should have been read before the motion, yet it was the opinion of the small number which constituted that committee that they were not a body who could decide anything in respect to the provisions of the bill which the Government had introduced. He trusted that the Court would consider the subject calmly with united good feeling, and with a determination to endeavour to agree. (Hear, hear.) It was a subject which ought to coinmand their immediate and most serious attention, and he trusted that the Court would not be carried -way by the complimentary manner in -which the bill had been introduced into Parliament. (Hear, hear.) The motion was put and carried unanimnously. TIIE OATH OF ABJWEALTlON. Mlr. A-\DERTON moved, " That a deputation of this Court be appointed to wait upon Her Majesty's Ministers and solicit their support in obtaining a repeal of the law requiring the oath of abjuration to be taken bv persons appointed to public offices, and that such deputation do consist of the Lord Mayor, two Aldernen, and three Commaoers, wash the Sheriffs and Mr. Remembrancer. Also that a copy of the petition by this Court to the Houses of Lords and Comsnons to abolish the taking of the oath of abjuration be printed, and a copy sent by the Town Clerk to all the provincial corporations, requesting their support to the same." Mr. Anderton said he was very sorry that the Court should have been called upon to t-ake any step for the purpoEe of -etting rid of this wickedly absurd oath, for what could be more wickedly absurd than to call upon n man who professed the faith of a Christian to stand up with a Bible in his hand and say, " I do solemnly and sincerely declare that I do believe in may conscience that not any of the descendants of the Person 'who pretended to be Prince of *Wales during the life of the late King James II., and since his decease pretended to be and took upon himself the style and title of King of England by the name of James m., or of Scotland by the name of Janses VII., or the style and title of King of Great Britain, hath any right or tit!e whatsoever to the Crown of this realm, or any other the dominions thereunto belonging and I do renounce, refuse, and abjure any allegiance or obedience to any of them I" The people of this country might just as well be called upon to abjure the descendants of Oliver Cromwell, or to renounce the sentence of Wat Tyler. (Heear, hear.) It sras very well known that there was not a descendant of the Pretender to be found, and if there were 500 it would be a libel uponi the people of this country to suppose that they did not hear, as they all did, true allegiance to their Dresent "cod Queen and to her family. (Hear, hear.) In 1127 the Zlourt came to the following resolution -" That, anxious as this Court must ever feel to evince its attachment to the plitical and relioious institutions of the country, it cannot tter dcharge tLat duty than by recorunending measures of peace andliberality, that all parties may unite in the service of their country ; and being, above all, anxious, for the sake of religion and 'iety, to promote the repeal of enactments which turn the holiest ordinance of religion into a qualification and passport for power, and impose restraint on the church itself into the free administration of its religious service, and invite men to its communion with far other feelings than such as tend to purify the heart and amend the life." Again, in 1832, the Court had resolved "That, having regard to the solemn and sacred nature of an oath. and conv-inced of the irnpropriety of taksing oaths w;hich lapse of time and change of circlumstances have rendered not merely inapplicable andl superiluous, but even rsdiculous, tvL, .p o_A that the administration of the oath of supremacy and abjuration on admission to corporate offices should still be required, under the realor supposed authority of acts of Parliament." Again in 183, the Uourt had passed the follow;ing resolution :- "1 That, in the opinion of this Court, lHis Majesty's subjects professing the Jewvish religion, by loyalty to their King, obedience to the law-s, and by the observiance of the vaions duties of social life, have established an irrefrgable claim to a full participation in all the benefits, civil and political, 'which flow from such an enlightened systema of legislation." As a bill had been brought into Parliament for the purpose of getting rid of the oath, lie (Mr. Anderton) thought the time had arrived when the Court should ask HerMajesty's "Ministers to support the measure. (Hear, hear.) Alderman WIRE said he heart-ily seconded the motion, and wished it might be attended with success. (Hear, hear.) Alderman SID-NEY said he thought there was something unprecedented and unconstitutional in the motion. He begged distinctly to stats that he had not the slightest objection to the subject itself, which on more than one occa- sion had receiv-ed the almost unanimous approbation of the: Court-namely, the repeal of obnoxious tests; but he thought it wvas greatly departing from the constitutional disnityboth of thatCourtandof the usaaesandeonstitutional: rivileges of the people of this country for any public body to wait upon Her Mlajesty's 3inisters elpon a question; tof that kind. (EIear, hear.) On the 18th of October last the Court by a very large majority, if not unanimously, petitioned Parliament upon the subject of the oath of abjuration. Her Mfajesty's Mtinisters in Peirliament wereI onlv known as members of the Senate, and why should the Court imitate tlte very obnoxious principle introduced by l railwa.y and other joint-stock companies, of personally sol I- citing members of Parliament upon the subject of constitu-l tional privilegeal Ee therelore suggested tthat his friend should content himself with the passingaN othe latter pottion of theresolution,andomittingthe former. If Mr.Ander- ton would so alter the motionitw;ouldreceive his (Alderman. Sidney's) cordialsupport, but he asked him.nd the Court to consider whether-, when they possessed the unquestioned pri-: vi5egeof inakingtheircomplsints known to the Sovereign herself, it was wise to compromise that imp*rtant privilege by condescending to go, cap in hand, merely-to the servants of the Sovereign. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Deputy Lorr trusted that neither tnhe mover nor seconder would consent to any alteration being made in the' motion, and thought that obsolete, antiqu&ted matters, teemrning with prejudices which, happily, did net exist at the p resent day, should no longer encumber the :Statute-bookHe tho-uht the Court ought te approach the Ministry in order that they might learn from those eexceedingly liberal mnen .ho were now the Government of the country whether there was any chanceof getting at their hands a repeal of the obnoxious act. Mr. Z PR,uxrr..-f may friend Mr. Anderton yields to the srggestion of Abierman Sidney I have not a word to say. Mr. A'DEr.ToNV. -YNo, I do not. Mr. T. P .?i-xER.-Ify Lord Mayor, the! definition which my friend has gie'-en upon the present occasion, as he did in iOctober last, of this-oath as absurd, ridioulous, and libellous reminds 'me of a definition given by a naturalist of an animnal called a crab, tLat it was a fish, that its:colour was red, and that it walLked sideways. No sooner had he given this defiolilon than If. Cuvier, the naturalist, came in, and he was asked, "What do you think- of this definition :" The reply wias, "I think it mat excellent, only the=anmaal is not a fish, i is not red, and it does not walk sideways." (Laughter.) l;o v, I think my friend's definition 'uf this oath is pretty niuch of the same kind-namelg, that it is an oati wihich is not absurd, is not ridiculous, and is not libeUous; otherwse my feiand's definition is very good. What are the facts ? My friend believes in his heart that there sre no descen-lants of the Pretender in existence; but ma, friend knows well enough that tIht is a negative proposition, and that it is impossible to prove it. Ile knows very -well that the last Pretender was maried to the Princess Stolberg Gcedera, that he lived with her for several years, that he also hada brother Hlenry Benedlct Maria Clement, who was Cardinal of York, wvho was born in 1725, and died in 1807. The wife of the Pretender., not finding it very convenient to live with him, after havina done so for a few years, went to live with, and -was taen under the protcstion of the Cardinal of York, who died in 1807. I do not say that this lady could have had any children wmieh might have been supposed to be by her husband, because we all know that cardinals and bishops of Rome have no children; they have only nephews and nieces. (Laughter.) Therefore, if it is supposed I was going to suggest that this lady might have had children after she was separated from her husband, the Prince, it is a m3stake. I do not mean to say so, or even to insinuqte it. Mr. A,,DERTON.-My friend is begging the question; he is arguing that which has been already settled. Mr. T. PAPxnEc.-I am proceeding to say something about the oath which my friend dare not read, which he has not read, and which he did not dare read in October last. He has only read about one-third of the oath. The Pretender died in 1788, and whether he left any descendants or not if is impossible for ns to say. (Hear, hear.) My friend proceeds upon another sapposition, namely, that if the Pretender wvas dead, and all his descendants were extinct, cgo the oathis useless. Thatisthegreatestfallacy intheworld, asthe Court vwill presently see. It not merely relates to the descendants of the Prince of WVales, but to "all otherpersons whomsoever." Well, then, it may be fairly inferred that there might be issue of the Pretender himself. His brother, on the death of the Pretender in 1788, assumed the title and the arms of England, and he caused a medal to be strack, with the inscription, "Henricus Nonus -Anglie te.x," and on the obverse, " Gratia Dei, non voluntate 31simnum." Now, so far stands the case as to the descen- dants whom my friend would induce the Court to suppose are utterly extinct. What does the oath say? My friend left off at tbe words, "any allegiance or obedience to any of them." I wil take up w.here he left off. 'And I do swear that I will bear faith and true allegiance to Her Majesty Q!ueen Victoria, and her will defend to the utmost of my rower against all traitorous conspiracies and attempts whatsoeverwshichshall be made against her person, crown, or Ldinity." Does my friend object to that? (Mr. ANDERTON I-No "And I will do my utmos endeavour to disclose andmake known to Her Majesty and her successors all treasons and traitorous conspiracies which I shal know to be against her or any of them." Are we to have any equivalent forthe loss of that? "And I do faithfully promiso to the utmost of my power to support, maintain, and defend the succession of the Crown against the descendants of the said James, and against all other persons whatsoever." So that this does not exclusively apply to the descendants of the Prince of Wales. My friend has managed on this second occasion to sail through without letting out wbat his objection is to this oaR. Nowv, if my friend will call things by their proper nanes, and wiU introduce a motion for the admission of those to Parliament who cannot conscientiously subscribe to that oath, I will second his Imotion, and assist him in carr-ingit. (Hear, hear.) I now move, as an amendment,-" That a deputation of the Court be appointed to wait upon Her Majesty's Ministers, and solicit their influence in procuring the enactment of a law for altering the form of the oath conunonly called the oath of abjuration,' by expunging therefrom the words on the true faith of a Christian,' and that such deputation do consist of the Lord Mayor, two aldermen, and four commoners, together with the Sherifis and Mr. Remembrancer." Alderman SIDNEY seconded the amendment. Mr. BESLEY said he did not like to hear a gentleman for vwhom he had so much respect as Mr. Parker urge the - Court to perpetuate the system of oath-taking. The oath was a superfluity; it was quite unnecessary, and a disgrace to the Statute-book. He had no objection to support his friend Mr. Anderton in the part of the motion referring to the deputationwaitingon the Ministers and asking them what they intended to do in the matter. M4r. A1.DEBTOS briefly replied. The amendment was then negatived, and the original motion was carried by a large majority. T MEroroLrrMAr CAmTrE-3ARKET. 4r. H. LI. TAYLOR, chairman of the Markets Improvement Committee, brought up two reports-one relative to works and funds and for authority to raise 20,000?. to complete the market; the other relative to the revenue account and for transferring the management of the market to the IMarket Committee. The reports were ordered to be printed and circulated among the members of the Court. COLLECTION OF THE PROPERTY AND INCOME-TAX. Mr. GRESISAM moved,-" That it be referred to the Coal and Corn and Finance Committee to inquire and report to this Court what amount per annum has been paid during the last three years for collection of the property and income-tax payable by the citizens of London, and, if excessive, then further to report as to the best meaus of obtaining a reduction therein."-Agreed to. 3LECTION OF THE JUDGE OF THE SHERIFFS' COUPT. At a late period of the day the court was thron'ed, when the election of a judge took place, in the room of Wf. Russell Curney, who was lately selected to fill the office of Common Serjeant. The three candidates were Mr. Ryland, Mr. Prendergast, Q.C., and Sir ". Riddell, Bart. On a show of hands bring taken it was found that the smallest number w.ere in favour of Mr. Ryland. The contest, therefore, lay betw;een MIr. Prendergast and Sir W. Riddell. The poll ibaving been kept open an hour, there appeared- For MIr. Prendergast ... .. .. 9 FSor Sir WV. Riddell... ... . P77 Majority for Mr. Prendergast ... -21 Both the learned gentlermen were loudly cheered on the announcement of the numrbers. The LORD MAYOR having stated to 3rr. Prendergast that he had been duly elected Judge of the Sheriff's Court, Mr. PREisu3ERnGAST said,-My Lord Mayor and FellowCitizens,-By your favour I have been elected into an office of distinction which certainly I have long sought. I feel deeply grateful for the honour that you have conferred upon nrc, and I hope I also fuel a deep sense of the responsibility witich that honour imposes. I shall endeavour in the discharge of my duties to avoid those errors to which I fear lm aliable. I shall endeavour by all means in my ower to supply by industry and attention any defects of owledge and ability, and I respectfully bespeak a kind.at any rate, a fair conlsideration of mny cond4uct aud my motives, and, supported by that consideration, I will endeavour that you shal. not regret the decision of to-day. (Cheers.) Sir W. RIDDELL said,-My Lord Mayor and Gentlemen, -Before taking leave of the Court on this occasion I as certainly anxious to e.xpress my thanks to your Lordship, to the Aldermen, and to all the members of this Court for the great kindness with which throughout this matter I have been received by them. I must say that would have been a matter of great honour and satisfaction to myself if I had been selected by the Court to the important office to which you have appointed my friend Kir. Prendergast; but I did not conceal from myself from the first time that the expectation of a vacancy was brought to me by a member of the Court that I should have a very strong competitor to deal with in a gentlenan, not only Gftbe standing and ability of Mr. Prendergast, but who had been for many years intimately connected with this Court. It is no disrespect to the qualifications of Mr. Prendergast, but I say that most undoubtedly these domestic itnuences, ar J may Cu anu U . earer than rine, and if he deserved them, as I dare say ie did, they were properly exercised in his favour. It is not for me to discuss or to question in any way whatever, nor a T di_q3i3d to do so. the demision to which you have come today. i thought it would be an aavantage ant an nonour to myself to be connected offically with the city of London. ItheughtinProuder moments (I hope I was not wrong in thiug so) that in the position mn which Providence has placed m e I might possibly be of service to the corporation. I If I-should at any time (nd it is not impossible) have the ucusr of a seat in the Ho>use of Conmnons, as member for some influential county in this country, all I can say is that I shall not forget my duty as a oitizen of the city of London. I hope and trust that the corporation. may be maintained in its integrity, in its power-that its interests and its privileges and rights may be maintained so far as they are beneficial to the country at large - and if, in any position in which I may be placed, it may~ Le in my power to render service to the corporation it will afford me the greatest possible pleasure to do so. I now beg to take my leave of this Court, wishing you all, and wishing to this corporation, health, happiness, and honour. (Cheers.) [,he Court adjourned.
STVE 0F T XA DE. RAIh*CHESTER, APRIL 3. The marlket is firm, and more confidence appears to prevail in the stability of prices, but exposters generaUy re r ot coming into t'he market so freely as the home trade. For India and China there is a good business doing, and n ost of the makers of the fabrics suited to these markets are well engaged to ordler. Shirtings, printers, jacconets, and cambrics are supported at the fill prices of Monday, -and, from the Jig2tness of stocks in somne of these geods, sellers anticipate stiU higher prices. Both manufacturers and spinners are asking higherterms.
COVEEAV-GARDEN THEATRE. TO THE EDITOlfflOF THE TIMES. Sir,-Believing Mr. Surman to be naturally a kindhearted and good-natured person, I beave been entirely at. a loss to accountfor his having attacked me in the manner: he did in his firs letter in Thle Times, and I feel assured that no one has ragretted having done so so much as he, himself. I will *even go further and say, without any sari castic meaning, that I think this correspondence has zo' troubled and disturbed him as to render 1im forgetful of tl:e real circumstances of the subject on which he has Writ'ten, I need scarcely remind your readers, if there are any: wlho have still patience to peruse tis letter, that Mr. -Slurman, in hisafirst communication, said that wlien I wrote; miy letter on the :31st -cf MWarch I knew "^"C's" acceptance, of 4401. was not .pald,.cf couse, however unintentionally, leaving the impression that I knowingly wrote a direet' ff:alsehood. In mny letter of yesterday I aid I had been in-! form ed that afternoon hat the acceptance -ad been paid two months since. In-refuting (!) this, .Mr.:Surman in his letter of to-day shows the balance of tint aeceptance to have been paid on.January 21, and evidently is so confused ar not to see that from .ofanuary 21 to Marob 31 is two months and severnldays1over ! Mr. Surman again insinuates that I have denied cwing l,7001. at the begirning of .this quarter. It xviii be een by my letters, and 1 again repeat, that I never did deny it. All I inferred was that tvithe:37st of December last.tle whole amount due by me to the *proprietors was only -2101., and such.was the case. Afterareading the sixhi paragraph in Mr. SSurman's letter ,of :to,day your readers will scarcely credlt.(mading every allowance for the absence of Mr. Surxnans-:treasurer) that Signor 'Tamburini was not even engaged-for the season of 1854;; -that the question of the 7501. does noz relate to the engagement of that gentleman uor to any other artiste whatever, and moreover that it has no relation to the season nor to any transaction connected with the sea=on 1854, nor to the enugagement of any artiste for any season. In Mr. isiurman's first leter ais words were- "Mr. Gve now oweszihe proprietors this 1,7081. 5s. 4d.; also 750.L reserved 5X season 1i54, and 1i;1. 5s. 4d. arrears to be received." Allow me to 2sk, Sir, who wouldnot understand by thsze words, written as they were withont any qualification or explanation whatever, that I owed all three of these sunac ? To say the least, Mr. Surman is not happy. in niaking his s3eaning obvious to his readers, for even in Jibs letter of tn-day he says, "but .the former amount 13381. Ss. 4d.3, or the greater portion of it, Mr. Gye has had M hand a long time, and not paid overas he ought to have dcme." Woelld yon not think by this, Sir, that I still owe that sum also? I need scarcely say I ldon't NT one would have thought that a solicitor could have made such extraordinary and erroneous statements, but, having known Mr. Surrean for several years,I must say that I can scarcely believe that these errors are really attrilutable to any design to mislead, but rather to forgetfulteas,g yet it is a forgetfulness which has (although, I trust, ly during afew hours) caused me to appear beore the 1 ublic in a light anythinJg but favourable. Once more, Sir, 1 have to offer many apologies for occupying your valuable space and remainb, Your much oblisred and moat obedient servant. FRF.DRRTCK tVTl_ Lyceum Theatre, April 3. *.,* This correspondence must here cease. We cn publish no oteher letters except as advertisements. Advertisement.J-The New Novels published within the last few weecs bySmith, Elder, and Co., are the following:-L "After Dark,;` by Wilkde Collins, a collect'on of exciting storieg " about as leasant readinz," mays tbe SWt.tor " as novel readercould desie" :,"AnDberlil. by A. 3. 3arrovvcfe, a newr wr.iter of great poweCr. " We bave seldom read," sas tho 2ew Quarterl Review, "a more dIefer, oricrnsi, or intensely interesting novel than * AinberlsilL'" D . " Mraurice Elrington. the Autobiopaphy of a man out of suits with fortune," whieb theEramlsnerdeicnbes as "a storyof Englsh lfe hida variety of phaewhich can scareely faiil to interest! y. "fieymainetre" Lshe4l, a5elcirey b> haed, wthi tche ttShe,art al libranes. tisdaw
DISGRACEFUL EnpOruiner.-The Wormcster Chr-o sidc describes at lengtih a flightof incipient Mormons, -which took place last week :-" On the previous Sunday morning Mr. Hodgetts Xhad made one of his usual voyages to the coal country, and on his return on the following Sattr-day was dist.acted on finding that his wife had left him, and induced.all her children to accompany her. Not only had she left:iim, but she hand taken a great deal of ready *cash, which she had collected from the customers, had drawn 3141. Rby check out of the bank on the prvious day, E nd had carried off everythang portable, even the bed linen, from the house. The poor man's agony and distraction of mind can scareely be imagined; he implored the aid of the .licce in recovering his wifezand children, and on the same night Superintendent Chipp started with him in -pursuit. 'TI eyproceedeE.at once to Liverpool, procured the assistance of the police inithat town, and, after several hours spentin I nialking inquirie3s, learntthatthelEnochTralahadstartedout of port two Lours'before with 600 Uormons on board, and it ,was supposed that Mrs. Hodgetts and family were of the riumber. Withl some difficulay a bargain was struck -with the captain.of a steam-tug, the Great Conquest, which | shortly after-wards started in pursuit of the fugitives. NotIhing was seen of the Enoch Trail until the Conquest had crossed the bar at the mouth of the Mersey, when the captain,mnade out the vessel vwith his glass, and screw-ed down his safety valves. For two or three hours the chasecontin.ued, when the E:noch Trail slackened speed, and the Conquest wasallowed-to come along-side. As soon as the errand.of the pursuerz becnme known the greatestexciteIn ped;nrvaded the passengers; but after a great deal of wrantz g "and abuse, w--ich lasted an hour and a half, M-. Hodgee4 was allowed to take away his wife and three of his children. The two eldest girls, aged respectively 16 and 18, obstinately refused to go back. Mn flodgetts is now once momn safely housed waith his wife, who, we believe, positively-.eciares that she will go to the lisit Lake at some time or otiha. She has brosught back with her the greater portion of thie money, but not the wlholc." [Advertisenment.]-Amusing Library.-Tlhe Book -of the 3lay!-" The Lie and Adventures of Jules OCrarrd tho far-famed ' lion Killer,' cucrerising his Ten Yors' Campaigns sizong the Lions of Northern caide" Price 2s. Undobtedly the most extraordinary btok of adventumrseverpublisherl, containngexploitsandcombats of a farmoere rernaTkr lo &aracter than tose of Gordon Camming and others, and possessinig all the intense interest of the most exciting romance. The wvork has produced an imrense sensation on the conti7ent and iasclculatodi4ir universalpopnlatityinourOwn coui.otry. N.B. To prevent mistake, nest to distinguish itnfranan older work,order the " Complete Adventurcesof GCrard. the ieun Illlr,"publisbod Ly La4bert and Co., 462. New (forra-street, Landon; aud sold at al booksel'ers' and all railway gtations. fAdvertisement.V-"Blogant Arts for Ladies."-Thisis theUUtie of a newbook whicheveryfathershould place idhisdaagh,lrr's bands. It treats upon every art and accomplims0meot, and is sperbly illustrated with 30M engravings, A more useful or elegant book does notexist; price, S.6d.,richlyegilt. "BelisteinHar-s lbookofCareBirds" (price 2s. 6d.) should beL bought byla wbho keep birds. "*The W.Vifes Own Book of Cookery" vrill secure a good dinner with the most sender means. Over 250 descriptIve illustrations add to the utility and valne of this work, wbich contains above 1,500 original receipts for dishes that may be gotem in.nyhousehold;price.3s.6d. Published by Ward andtLoc, 15S, eet-strect. [Advertisement.]-The New NoveL-" Margaret and her Bndesmaids,"by the authorof" WomansDevotion." in 3vols., is now ready atall the libraries. "Ti tale is dIstinguished by the same freshness of feelint and enthusiasm of spirit as characterized its predecessor. Unmista eaiy itis the producthOriof no ouingtalent, and it btara a charm in its pages that attracts irresistiblr. We are borne along in admiration, in ympathy, and in pity for the heroie Margaret's young friends-too, areall admirab -detchedintheirdifferent ways. Those who are interested by wor - of feeling will appreciate 'Margaret and her Bridesmaids,' and, it theyciticize some chasaciers, % in acknowledge the heroine tobe a worthy centre of attraction to the rarrative, while they admire the talent that gives power to the actors, lt nds vivacityto the senes, and sheds lustre over the descriptions.""Sun." Hurst and Blackett, publishers. [Advertisement.j-The "Dispatch"otSundayrnext, April. r. will contain the Signature of the Treaty of Peace-Belel' in. Paris sand Grand Beview-Reception of the1.Hwlo in Engand-an EWsay, entitkd " Party"-Letters by P,blicola on "The Woman's ProperLy Qneriiowr:" and by Cawitic, "T he Cause of Sardinia"-Town Talk, &c. Of5cc N, 1% flee-street.
JUDICIAL COHMIT2TEE op PrIvY COUNCIL, Thursday, Aprill 3. "RmsE AND TMB HON'. ranT LDI COiwANY V. i)YCE SR'Nnr IrDO"ls k- -^ -.5n (BfO?e' Mn. PEMaERTOId lEIG, SiW EDWARD RYI, Di. -iusHIGTON.-, and .Lords~ Jz-stice MNI1GHT BROJcE anda TURNER- This was an appeal from the Prerogative Court of Canterbury. It was originally a business of granting letters of administration of the goods, chattels, and credits of David Ochterlony Dyce Sombre, formerly of Sirdhana, in the upper provinces of Bengal, but late of Davies-street, Hanover-square, promoted by the Hon. Mary Ann Dyce Sombre, widow, .the relict of the deceased, against Mrs. Ann May Troup, a sister of the deceased, and Mr. Prinsep, one of the executors named in his last will and testament, with a codicil thereto, and also against Baroness Solaroli, as alleged, a sister also of the deceased, intervening, and against the Hon. East India Company, the residuary legatees in ,rust named in the will, likewise intervening. 'The Court telow pronounced against the validity of the will and codicil, and condemned the parties propoundin' them in the costs, against which decision the present appealwas pro,sccuted. Sir F. TsrxsamSI, in opening the case of the appellants, said that the will and codicil, the validity of which was opposed, were dated respectively on the 25th of July and the 13th of August, 1849. The deceased died on the 30th of Juae, 185L- The grandfather of the testator was caUed General Sombre, on account of the darkness of his comElexion. He appearedtohavebeenmarziedto, ortohave coha^ited with,sthe Begum Sombre, from whom Mr.!Dyce Sombre derived theo whole of his property. Previouslyto that he had cohabited with a Hindoo woman, by whom he had a child, who was married to the Bam-Begum, and by her lie had an only daughter, Juliana, who was taken care of by the Begun Sembre. When she had arrived at a marriageable age she sent for a husband for her, Mr. George Alexander vyce, and the fruit of that marriage was the testator, who wras born in 1303, and two daughters, Mrs. Troup and the Baroness Solaroli. The learned Judge in the court below .hought it of no importance to determine whether Euronean or Asiatic blood prevailed in the veins of the testator, bit he (Sir F. Thesiger) considered it a matter of great moment. He would assume the deceased to be five-sixths Asiatic. Before he left India for England he had enjoyed nothing like frequent intercourse with European society. He had been under the care of an English clergyman, but it was only for 12 months. Down to 130 he had lived an Asiatic life, and from his associations he must have been strongly imbued with Asiatic feelings and prejudices. According to Dr. Ferguson, the character of a man was greatly modified by temper, education, and habits. The great question would be whether, judging by that criterion, his actions were consistent with his knvow character, and his conduct would not be found to be very similar at the end of his life to that which he exhibited when he laboured under no imputations of unsoundness of mind. There was some difference, as might be expected, in the statements of the witnesses as to his real character and disposition; but it appeared from a journal kept by himn, extending from 1833 to 1833, and which had been produced by the other side, that he was grossly sensual, and was lost to all sense of shame, decency, and delicacy; that he was addicted to gambling, to wine, and to women; that he was suspicious, of an unforgiving and vindictive disposition, occasionally mean in money matters, superstitious, uneducated, and unable to express hinself accurately and grammatically, supercilious, and ready to sacrifice truth whenever it answered his purpose. His attachment to the Beguun was manifested through lffe, and formed a bright spot among much which was dark and disagreeable. In 1S35, without any control whatever, he executed a will in the Begam's favour. He had three natural daughters, two of whom died in India, and the other on her passage to this country. In 1838 he settled 13,000A. on Mrs. Troup, and 10,0001. on Madame Solaroli. After the death of thie Beguam he gave each of them jewels of the value of 2,0001. Captain Troup was jealous of the superior favour of Dyce Sombre with the Begum, and the feelings displayed by the deceased towards Baron Solaroliwere shown in various parts of his journal. It clearly appeared that neither theBegum ,ior the deceased intended that his sisters should derive any benefit from the property beyond that conferred upon them before he left India for England. The various wiUls made by him proved that he did not mean to die intestate. In 1838 he arrived in this country, and came in contact with Europeannmanners and habits, for which he was utterly unfitted. He was introduced. to English society by Lard Combermere, and having met Miss Jervis, the daughter of Lord St. Vincent, he shortly afterwards stated to Tord Combermere his intention to make proposals of marriage to her. Lord Combermere endeavoured to persuade him not to marry a European, but he persisted, and his proposals were accepted. The engagement was afterwards broken off for reasons which showed his suspicious and jealous disposition. In consequence of his Asiatic notions, prejudices, and feelings with regard to women he was exceedingly annoyed at those ordinary familiarities customary in European society. Unfortunatelythe marriage tookplace in September 1840, and a settlement was made by him upon Mrs. Dyce Sombre, under which she received an income of 4,0001. per annum. Ten months after the marriage he displayed violent conduct towards her, became extremely jealous of her, and spoke of her as having been unfaithful to him. Jealousy, however, was no ground for imputing madness. During a part of his history he was in a state which rendered him of unsound mind, and unfit to make 3 will, but long before the present will was executed those delusions had vanished. In 1843 and 1844 delusions existed of an extraordinary character, and the verdict of the jury lating his insanity back to 1842, he (Sir F. Thesiger) did mndication of, twas furniisnnry ,DruelSoin|=shr ,ws mg the whole-f his clear incorme to be paid to him. According to the repert of the Master in Chancery, the delusions under which he laboured were the belief that he was visited by spirits, and uanfounded suspicions as to Mrs. Dyce Sombre, whereby her hifewasin danger from the violence of his conduct towards her. The former had entirely disappeared, but the latter, arising, as they did, from jealousy, continued to adhere to him. Having escaped from D3r. Grent, at Ljiverpool, in 1343, while out travellin" he reached Paris, where an inquiry into the state of mind was instituted under the direction of the French authorities. The medical men by whom it was conducted made a searching and careful examination for three hours, but he eluded their inquiries, and produced an impression on their minds of his perfect sanity. Baron Solaroli at that time interfered on his behalf. Other examinations afterwards took place abroad, and he -was said to bo in a state of mind capable of managing his own affairs. In 1847 he was examined by Dra. Bright and Southey, at Brighton, and they were unable to elicit his delusions, though they stated that they believed he still retained them. They were, however, compelled to acknowledge that there was a great improvement in him. He returned to Paris in that year, travelled through Europe and Egypt, and again arrived in Paris in 1848. While at Rome, in January or February that year, an idea entered his mind that he could, through the Pope, obtain a divorce from Mrs. Dyce Sombre, and there was a correspondence produced in ,which he represented his own case in the strongest way. On the 1st, 2d, and 6th of lNovember, 1848, he was agtain (xanined, in consequence of having presented a petition praying that the commission of lunacy might be superseded. It was conducted by Drs. Bright, Soutthey, and Clark, and they were unable to find the existence of a single delusion, unless with respect to MIadame SoLaroli,-a subject to which he (Sir F. Thwgier) would hereafter allude. He should have thought that after passitng through such an ordeal thoose gentlemen would have formed a different conclusion from the one at which they arrived. It was maintained on the other side that by reason of having been tutored the deceased was enabled to exercise that self-command and control whichyrevented his delusions displaying themselves. Whether Lord Combermere was justified in giving him the advice which he did in reference to the examination was not a question with hich he (Sir F. Thesiger) had anything to do. Sir Jamies Clark stated that the deceased then denied his belief in spirts. How could the belief in tho existence of spirits mnake a man of unsoundmind? In " The Queen v. Samuel Hil," 2 Denison and P, Crown Cases, a person entertaining such; belief was admitted a witness inthe case. The further hearing was adjourned until to-morrow (this day).
CITY OF LoNox HosPITAL FoRl DIsEAsEs or T}IE CgEsrT.-On Wednesday night the eighth anniversary festival of this institution, established near Victoria Park for, as its name imports, the cure of consumption, especially among the poorer classes of a densely populated district of the metropolis, wvas held at the Lgondon Tavern, Bishopsgate-street, at which about laO gentlemen were present, including Mlr. H. E. Gurney, the treasurer of the hospital, Colonel Tsey, Mr. -. G. Frith, Mr. HL Tudker, Mr. L Johnson, Mr. J. W. Gilbert, and other members of some of the most eminent mercantile firms in the city, under the presidency of Sir John Shelley, 3LP. From a statement read by the secretary in the course of the evenin it appeared that the out-patients' department of the new hospital vas opened in March, 1855, and that hi July last patients were first received into the wards, the building hasing previously been honoured with a visit of inspection by his Royal Highness Prince Albert, who, after a minute survey, was pleased to express his entire approbation of its several arrangements and his general interest in the chatity. The number of persons relieved during the last year as out-patients was. 4,734 andthe total number relievedsince the commencenient of the hospital amounted to 29,0. The attendance each wveek averages 807, and, although out' one-half of the wards have as yet been occupied, 168 cases have already been under treatment. The receipts for the last year amounted in donations to 4,06l. I7s. 7d., and in annual subscriptions to 798. 16s., the expenditure bein 4,6181. There is a debt of nearly 6,0007 urn the hospital, besides other and heavy liabilities, and it iS estimated that the institution cannot be carried on inits present state under 4,0001. per annum. The annual bscrptions do not yet reach one-half of the amount required to meet the current expenditure. With the view of discharging the existing liabilities, a proposal was made at the last anmvels byafriend of the hospital to raise a special fund of 10,0001., and he generously promised a donation of 100!. towards that object, provided the whole sumn was contributed in donations of a similar amount. Since that period aver considerable sum has beeni subscribed, and the committee of niaingement now look with confidence to the accomplishment of, this effort, which will enable them to carry on the institution free of all encumbrances. The chairman, iii proposing the toast of the evening, adverted in touching terras. to the nature of the mfalady which this institution seeks to cure or to alleviate, and especially to its ravages among the poor,-and bore testimony, fron observation de-ived trom personal inspection of the hospital, to its admirable interior arrangements, its general adaptation to the purpose for which it was designed, and to the urgent claimns at has ton the sympathy and suppoit of the wealthy and thehumiane. The subscriptions in the-course of the evenin amounted to nearly- 5,000., including 20 sumS of 100! eac from so many einDnent mercantile firms. To Miss Dolby, Miss Poole, Mr. Lockey, Mr. Genge, and Mr. Smythson the company-were indebted foialyric entertainment of singular interest, Mr, Ilarlker officiated a! toastmaster.'
COURT of BANKRUPTCY, 9BasingyhasrAct AprZ 3. fl' RE SIR R&BlRV P . t72.r (Beforc.arr- t The bankruptcy in this cms 'was now'or-der'e-d to be supersedled, the creditors having consented to accept,x comnpost. rion of 5s. Mr. LAiuxu~c appweare for the assignees, anid consente on their behalf, and that of the credtors generary to the arrangement which had been proposed. The bankruptcy was consequently superseded. (Beforc Mr. Commsnsioncr HOLROTD.) IN RE DAVIDS. The bankrupt was a milliner in Holborn, and applied for his certificate. Mr. E. Moss, for the assignees, did not oppose, anrd said the bankruptcy was caused by a fire, otherwise the bankruptcy would not have occurred. His HoxouR considered that the bankruptcy was attributable to unavoidable loss and nisfortune, and granted an immediate certificate of the first clas. IY R.E GAUS.TLE`T. The bankrlpts were wharfingers in Camden-town. Mr. LucAs supported; Mr. Tebbutts appeared for the assignees. This was the certifcate meeting. His Hozoun deferred judgxuent, (Before Mr. Commnissioner GO=URnu.) IN 'RE BIAODE. The bankrupt, James Worthington Maude, had traded under the firm of Covington and Co. as a lighterman at iAmehouse, Wharf-road, City-road, and Nicholas-lane. This was the certificate meeting. The accounts have been published. Mr. Pennell reported that the books were well kept, and had been balanced every six months. The case was adjourned for a point of law to be decided. Mr. Lawrance app&aredfor the bankrupt, Mr. Surr for the assignees.
ZNSOLVE.Yr DEBTOP9 COUr, April 3. IN RF. VI.RVqApRT RT.T.TQ- (Before Mr. CObnmsmiituer Prm.T.Tp.Cl This insolvent who had formeily been crier at the Fleet ron, apped under the Protection Act. A MIr. Brow n, who represented a loan society, opposed in persor. Itappeared that the insolvent had a compensation allowance of G01. a-year from the Treasury, consequent upon the abolition of his office. He had since been a labourer in the London Docks, earning a small sum by the week, but had borrowed of loan societies, and had paid between 20 and 30 per cent. as interest. Mr. Brown, who opposed, asked for a portion of the compensation allowance for the creditors. He had charged 20 per cent. on the advances. Mr. Commissioner Plnmiras refused to set aside any portion of the income. A person who charged 20 per cent. must know a borrower was in distressed circumstances, and became his own insurer. The final order w.as granted. IN R}E NILLIAM WOOD. This insolvent, a town-traveller to a stationer, applied under the Protection Act. Mr. Freeth, the insolventVs late landlord, opposed in person, and Mr. Reed supported. The case had stood over for the attendance of the Rev.Dr. Spencer, the incumbent of St. Matthew's, Marylebone. The insolvent had taken a house at St. John's-wood of Mr. Freeth (who is the receiver to the St. John's-wood estate), at 351. a-year rent, and referred to the Rev. Dr. Spencer, and also stated he was in the employ of Messrs. Smith and Elder. Afterthe insolventhad been sometimein the house he told MIr. Freeth that the Doctor owed him 301. as organist at his church, and Mr. Freeth, on the faith -of the representation, allowed him to incur an additional debt for rent. Tne insolvent removed his goods from the house, and they were now claimed as the property of his father, who had purchased them under the insolvent's bankruptcy some year's back. The Rev. Dr. Spencer denied that he owed the insolvent 301. or any stun. The insolvent played at his church to compete for another situationas organist. The insolvent brought anaction against him for 55., and 51. was paid into court by his solicitor. The rev, gentleman was severely cross-examined by MEr. Reed, and he complained of his treatment, remarking that a barrister should be a gentleman. The insolvent stated that he expected to be paid as organist. He had obtained a first-class certificate in hank7r.F th submitted that the Protection Acts were not intended for such a case. Mr. CommissionerPBirsaS, in expressing his opinion, said the point was in a narrow compass. Had the insolvent, by representing that Dr. Spencer owved him 301., been allowed by Mr. Freeth to increase his debt for rent' That gentleman bad stated that such was the fact, and in his (the learned Commissioner's) opinionit was not acase forthe final order, on the goround of fraud. The case was adjourned sinc dic, and the protection ceased. _
SPBING ASSIZES. N =RFOLR 0TR0Tr11 IOT?WR.lTOTW AiPPTr. I CROW2N COUJT.-(Beforc M1r. JTStkcCWiGnTm .) Richard Daynes, aged 24, an artilleryman, and Robert Pearson, aged 21, Christopher Wagg, aged 20, and Joseph Hayes, aged 19, all of whom were militiamen, were indicted for a highway robbery, accompanied with violence, on the 13th of December last, at Ys-ao,th. Mr. W. Cooper and Mr. Cherry condactue. nAo - for '.hetprosecultion; Mr. Bulwer defended. got leave XD^eneZatnl"Eihs Ad2iAndDl flQ on thearrivalofthat ship at Devonport. He accordingly drew a portion of his wages-for "Jack"' never likes to go homne empty handed-and at 120'clock on the night of the 12th of Decemberlasthewascast loose by the railway at Yarmouth station. John Sharman, the brother of the prosecutor, is also an " old salt," having been elson's coxswain, and having had the high hononr ofreceiving in his arms the dying hero when he received his death wound. On the erection of Nelson'smonument on Yarnouth Denes this man wras appropriately selected as its guardisn, andthatsituation he has filled up to the present time-a period of 36 years. To thisbuilding the prosecutor w.as bound, but all who ksnow the locality will remember that he had to traverse the whole town and a considerable distance of open land very much resembling the sandy desert of Arabia. He had not got very far on this journey when the sign of " The Earl St. Vincent " hove in sight, and Jack was not insensible to the recollections revived by it. He turned in, and, hailng the landlord as an old schoolfellow, ordered and drank two bottlesof lemonade, withthe slight addition of three-pennyworth of brandy to each bottle. This done, he put to sea again, and, after a short cruise, fell in with " The Rose," where, not beng of a sentimental turn, he only drank a pint of beer and then resumedhis course. In afew minutes he came to another public, bearing for sign the portrait of a gentleman in Court costume, vith one eye and one arm, underneath which was written "The Lord Nelson., Jack imnmediately cast anchor in this haven, where, to show his content, he repeated the libations of " The Earl St. Vincent." At this place were assembled several militiamen and artiUlerymen, one of whom, the prisoner Daynes, got into conversation with him, and offered to " put him through his facings." The prosecutor (who, according to one vritness, w. as drunk, though he denied it) said, *' If you had drunk; as much rumnandbraudy as 1 have to-day, you would not go through your facings yourself," and. thereupon an altercation took place nasto the merits of the twro rival services, which the prosecutor put an end to by saying that he had been where " there had been both good soldiermg and sailorin too," bnt foolishly added that he had not come home to his friends withont funds, and in proof thereof pulled out his medal, five 51.-notes, and a handful of gold and silver.:This exhibition of Baltic wealth attracted gene. ral attention, and the prosecutor, having pocketed his cash, ordered a bottle ofrnum, " just to drink on his way to the monm;rent." With this he departed at 2 o'clock, and in about three quarters of an hour, as he was rolling along on the Denes in search of the ronument, four men set on him and robbed him, after which they beat him on the head with a stone, and left him half dead and covered with blood. Three of these men were dressed in militia red jackets, and the fourth, who alone was recognized by the prosecutor, and swvorn to be Daynes, wore the. greatcoat of an artilleryman. It further appeared that, all the company having been turned out by the landlord soon after the prosecutor left, the four prisoners came back again in abou' anliour, and two of the militiamen got beds at the Lord Nelson, while the third militiamanwventhome with Daynes, who lived hard by. It was also shown nthat on the next day the prisoner Pearson had an unusually large sum of money for one in his position of life, but no portionl of the money was trared. His LoRDsnna leftit to the juryto say whetherthey were satisfied with the proof of identity given by the prosecutor against the several prisoners. The jury deliberated for ten minutes, and returned a general verdict of Arot Gsilty. James Terrier and James Terrier the yonmger, father and son, surrendered to take their trial on an indictment, found at the last assizes, for a common assault at Yarmouth on the 13th of July last. Mr. EvA-s (with whom was Mr. Power), stated, on behalf of the prosecation, that this was a charge arising out of the recent election for tne eastern division of Norfolk, caused by the resignation of Mr. Wodehouse, on which occasion Mr. Stracy, now Sir Harry Stracy, offered himself as a Conservative candidate. The two defendants are warm supporters of that interest at Yarmouth, where they carry on a large business as brewers and wine merchants, and it appeared that, arrangemnents having been made for a visit to Yarmouth from Mr Stracy, the leaders of the party engaged a room at the Angel Hotel, and ised placards announcing the event, and calling upon the friends of Mr. Stracy to meet him. To this meeting-which might, perhaps, be said to have been, strictly speaking, a private one-went the prosecutor, Mr. De Caux, a resident at Yarmouth and reporter for two Liberal papers, avowedly for the purpose of executing his calling. rom this room he was ejected by force, and it was charged that the defendants were the ejectors, and that they had not ,only turned himlout of the room by force, as, perhaps, they mnight have a legal right to do, but had improperly assaulted him outside the door and forced him down the stairs with great and unnecessary violence, the effect of which was aggravated. by the fact that at the time Mr. DeCaux was an invalid, and suffering from a disabled arm Under these circumstances the present indictment had been preferred. but, according to the concluding statement of the leirned counsel in his opening address, it would not in all probability have been brought into court lad the defendants ever expressed the slightest apology or regret for their very serious assault on.the prosecutor at a tilne when, as he conceived, he had a right to be present, in order that he might, by his professional talents and ofice, give forth to the pblie the proceedings of the infuential party of which the defendintswere members. They had, however, studiously -abstained from any such course, and the prosecutor felt that he had no alterative left but to submit his complaint to a jury. At the close of ihe learned counsel's address, Mr. PRND] ROeAST (With whom was Mr. Cherr7) begged, 4D the part of the defendants, to express theirsorrow snd regretthat in a moment of excitement they should have beeled into the adoption of more violence towards the prosecutor than the law would justify, for, thoush they had aclearnightto removehimfromtheeroom; itwasimpossa. ble to deny that they hoa committed some excess inL the exercise of that right. He begged therefore to mologize on their behalf for any such excess, and to assure the prosecutor of their sincere regret, while they wished it to'be clearly understoodthatthey had no knowledge whatever of the state of the Prosecutor's health at the time in question. Mr. Justice WIGn2uaaz thought the defendants had pussued avery roper course, for they certainly seemed t have removea the pro-secutor fromnth roomu with somnewhat more force than was necessary, and therefore their conduct could not he justifiable in law. Mr.Ev~cs onThepat o th poseutin,accepted the apology ofslearned fritenod aftepr itehadbeenT asonewhat stregthned an byconsnt f te Curtand all parties the jury were discharged.prte 1NLsi Pnivs COuv._ (Before £7~iefJustice JERVis antd SpecialJr ies. ) ELI.IR v. :REE?Y. Mr. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Keane were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. O'Malley, Mr. Serjeant Wells, and Mr. Hotson appeared for the defendant. This was an action to try the question whether a publie footway existed over certain land of the plainiff n the parish of Upwell, and over a dam constructed across a canaI called "Popham's Eau," after the celebrated Chief Justice by whom it was supposed to have been cut. The questions in the case, though of considerable interest to thelocality, did not give rise to any matters of general importance. It may suffice to say that the poitnt ultimately submitted to the jury was whether the way in dispute had been really and intentionally dedicated to the public by the owner of land over which it was claimed by the defendant, or whether such user as had been proved had been permissive merely and sanctioned through good-nature. this point the jury determined in favour of the plaintiff, for whom, after a long tri, they returned a verdict accordingly. RUSSELL V. RARER. Mr. Serjeant Byles, Mr. Palmer, and Mr. Keane appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. O'Malle3y and Mr. Evans were counsel for the defendant. This was an action for a nLuisance, which consisted of the erection of an iron foundry close to the house of the plaintiff at Lynn, whereby, through the smoke of the furnace and the noise of the machinery and works in general, the beneficial occupatiOn of the house ws greatly prejudiced. The plaintiff's case had not concluded when the Courtt rose; but in a few moments, and before the Chief-Justice, uitted his scat, the parties camne to a settlement, the detendant aOreeiilg to pay 5501. for the house and costs of the, action. The verdict was accordingly entered for the sum of 550.,. piwoformd, subject to the execution of the conveyance of theproperty and payment of that sum. WEDNESDAY, A&Rmi 2. CROWmN COURT.-(Before Mr. Justizc WIGHTMIN.) Samuel Doughtywas indicted for wilful and corrupt per- - jury at the County Court at Attleborough on the 16th ofOctober last. Mr. Power conducted the prosecution; M1r. Serjeant - Byles and Mr. Evans appeared for the prisoner. It appears that the, prisoner, who must be a person of some property, had been for some time past in the habit of practising as an attorney in the County Court and superior courts, though not onthe roll, his mode of procedure being to hunt up actions and defences and to introduce theparties to some friendly attorney who lent hinm his name. m June, 184, an action was brought against Mr. Bic'kenham, a carpenter at Attleborough, and the prisoner, having heard of it, introduced Mr.Buckenham to Mr. Alexander, a solicitor at Hingham, in whose name, an appearance was entered and proceedings ta-en towards the defence. Afterthis the prisoner procured a regular written retainer from the defendant to act as his "agent" in gettinguphis case, which contained a promise to ratify all his acts and to payhiim all his reasonable charges. In this capacity, no doubt, the prisoner did expend some time and cash for the defendant, and just before the assizes the plaintiff countermanded his notice of trial, and evently abandoned his action. After this the prisoner went to the defendant and told him that he wvas about to send up his charges to be taxed, and on the following day he came, and, under pre- - tence of procurng a written authority for -that purpose, obtained the signature of Mr. Buckenhamto a promissory note for 2U.,.which le produced, ready written, from his. pocket, and gave him exchange a receipt for that amount of debt incurred in pursuance of his retainer. Ais soon as MEs. Backenham caught sight of the word " receipted" her womanly curiosity and saspicion wera aroused, and on inquiry she found not only that her husband had given a note of hand for 217. to the prisoner, but that they would have to pay Mr. Alexander's extra costs after the taxation. On her expressing her surprise at this state of things, the prisoner pacified her by saying - at one time that he should not ask- for papent of the note, hut that " if she pleased she might make him a present of a silver pencilcase for .his services when next she went to orwich ;" and at another, " Oh !youlknow I am going to build next spring, and then William (her husband) can work out the note." No house was ever built by the prisoner, nor did Mrs. Bucikenham ever present the prisoner with any token of her esteem; but herhusbandhadtopay 141. extra costs to MEr. Alexander, and in the spring of this year the prisoner sued her husband on the note for 211. in the County Court at Attleborough, before Mr. Bircb, when Mr. and Mrs. Buckenhamu having depsed to the above facts, in answer to the-plaintiffs prinuf facic case, the pri- soner was called to rebut their evidence, and swore point-. blank that he had written the note in their presence, and s^eng over to Mr. Buclenham before he sigued it. _=-1 , o-~L;-r t"Tc, L ---- rnd tothe wellbeing of society; for it showed thaFThe, L of assisting ignor.ant people when involved in Litigation, ho illegally practised as an attorney, and plunged his victims into great and unnecessary [costs. In the present instance. it was clear that, mowin; he had no legal right to recover his charges, he had designedly concocted and practised a. fraud on Mr.-Buckenlham, and had not hesitated to suapport it by gross perjury. Such an offence sapped the very vitals of society, and d e ded heavy pnishment. The sea-- tence of the Court was, therefore, that the prisoner should be imprisoned for 18 muoths. Jonathan Meachen surrendered on a charge of perjury, also alleged to have been committed before Mr. Birch, at - the County Court held at Dercham on the 29th of May. 1855. Mr. Dasent was counsel for the prosecution, and 3r. Power for the defence. It appeared that a judgment having been recovered in the County Court by one :Mumnent against one Boulter, the nephew of the defendant, on the 17th of March, 1S55, for - 231. lOs. and costs, execution i8sued for the same, which -was met by a bill of sale, dated January, 1855, and ur porting to convey all Mr. Boulter's goods to the defen t-n eachen in consideration of a debt of 221. 10s. 'Upon this. a judgment summons issued, and when Boulter and Meachen were sworn thereon they both deposed that the deTt, in respect of which the bill of sale had been given, was created in October, 1852, and that .Ieachen roduced a promissory note by Boulter for the amount, bearing date October 11, 1852, which they said had been-. given early in the preceding summer. To this statement he adhered on cross-examination, and though the leamed. Judge pointed out to him that the stamp bore date November 29, 1854, so that the note could not have been in existence in the summer of that year. In this state of thingsboth Boulter and Meachen were ordered to bo pro-ecuted. Boulter's trial came on last assizes, and ended in his con. viction. Mr. POwNER baving addressed the jury en behalf of the prisoner, His LOr DSHIP, in summing up, remarked upon the fact that, as the note was admittedly drawn two years after its professed date, it did not appear that it was of any consequence whether it was really drawn in May or December, 1854; and the persistence of the prisoner in his st'atement, m. spite of repeated caution and proof that he must be wrong, rather led to the inference that he really believed he was. statimg the fact. The jury thereupon Acquited the prisoner, and with this case terminated the criminal business of the present circuit. NIsI PRIus CoIuJr.-(Beforc Chief Justice Jivas andi a City Jury.) 5IRfLUGF1ETD V. DAWnURmN.-3UTTLE V. THE SA,& Mir. WorDedge and Mr. C. Cooper were couLsel fcr the plaintiff, and Mir. O'Malley and Mr. Couch appeared for tho defendant. These were two interpleader issues, framed to try the questions whether a certain wherry, known by the name of " the Friendshiip of Norwich," and certain household furniture were liable to be seized by the defendant under an execution against the goods and chlt-tels of one Battle, the father of the plaintiff in the second issue. With re-pect to the first issue the plaintiff; who is a wealthy merchant of this city, proved that iu 1847 he had lent 501., of which 25U was'still due, on a mortgage of the wherry, which was originally called "the John and Tom," to Alexander Buttle, a son of "old Buttle,"to whom she hadundoubtedlybelonged before that transaction, but bywhom-he 'had been long ago sold for N5l. to a man nameda insay, who in his tom had subsequently sold her to the son of her former owner, after which old Buttlemanaged and reaired her. As tothe second aisue, it appeared that old Buttle, being an uncertificated bankropt, hi eldest son, the plaintiff in the second. issue, had bought the furniture in question in 1839, and had hired it to his father at 6s. per naonth, which rent had been paid with punctuality until the derenant's executionr came 3n, and swept it all oiff as well as the wherry. The CHF JUSTICE, as to the Eecond tause, said that there was no question that the evidence established the validity of the plaintiffs claim, and he directedaverdictto, that effect. As to the first, his Lordship said it was a fair question for the jury to say whether they thought the transaction between the plaintiff and the son of old Buttle was a rea one, and, if so, whether the wherry was at the time the propertyof theson, orwhetherlhehadmerelyactedtherein on sia father's behalf, and that, in fact, the property was in the old man still1 notwithstanding all the changes to which the wherry had been subjected. On this point the jury found for the plaintiffs in the first issue. Verdict for the plaintiffs accordingly. &PRM 3. (Before a SycciaZ Jury of the County.) BAR'EY V. WV'2. . - }Mr. Seijeant Byles, Mr. Serieant Wells, and Mr. Keane were counscl for the plaintiff 7fr. O'MWey and 3Sr. Pover represented the defendant. This -was an action in which the plaintifF, wio is a lightermatn, plying on the Ouse from Lynn upwards, sought to recover compensation from the' defendant, who puses the same vocation, for the alleged negligence of his servants, whereby seven-Eg~hters of the forraer la?en withi coals, were Fuak in thernver at Downhan:rket on the 27th of October last. Itappearedthattheplainti sg,nulring lllighter% started for Lynn a 3 o'clock in the motnng for BgAa with a strong flood tide, and that when they nea Down. ham-Market-bridge, where, inconsequenee of the operation. of the Nortolk Estuary Company, thi -eurrent has become dgeronsly rapid, they came suddenly upon a lighter ci thefendat, which Vas moored about 18feetfroznt*4 shore, and without any cne 'O -boads a, stirig it, tbX
IO-FORD CIRCUIT. :C;LOCESTER. APRIL 3. 't'riL o0CRT.-(Before Mr. JUslkCe CRESSWELL and X Special Juerg.) PPRICHARD ',. W1EBBER. Mr. Vhateby, Q.C., Mr. Serjeant Pigott, and Mr. Phipx-on appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Keating, Q.C., Mr. -Huddleston. and -Mr. Macnauara for the defendant. The.plaintiff in this actien wVas a.yowng woman of -Swansea, nmuned Maria Prichard,L who, being only 17 years of age, sued in the name of her father as her next friend. 'tke defendant, Vivian Arthar Webber, was a young man, 26 sears of age, the son of a lady at Swansea, and a memrber of the Windhiam Club. The action was brought to ;recove- damages forbreach of promise of marrige, and -also-forassaultand imprisonmuent. The defendant denied the alleged promise, and also peaded a justificStion, alleging -that previously to the alleged;promise the.plaintiff had coU1mitted fornication with -div&-s men, and that -the same was unkmnown to the defendant vwhen -he made the.promise. To the cowuts for .assault ard iumprisonment the defendant .pleaded the genieral issue. Mr. WHXATELXS., .in Qpening the-case, saia that, after the *experience of a great -many years, he had never risen to address a,jury with greater pain and anxiety than on the presert c:casion, when he should have to lay lefore them one of the most disgraceful cases which -had ever beei -brought -into a court of justice. The plaintiffhad beenl-ruined -by the arts and profligacy of the defendant, whZo, 'thou_gh -agentleman. of birth and property, and 35nce in the British army, had cast her off without makinglher oa shilling compensation. The acquaintance between the-parties had commenced in the month of November last at Swansea, where the plaintiff resided with her father, who was n widower. -The defendant's mother resided near Swansea, aid it was vhile residing with her that the defcaidaiit's acquaintance with her commenced. He .induteed her to walk out -with him, professed great affection for her, and promised her marriage. The acquaintance, however, -was forbidden by the father, who, in the mnonth of D)ecember, got his daughter a sitlation, and sent her away to Bristol. While she was residing there the defendant induced her to go up to London, on the assurance that he had got her a situation as governess in the family of his aunt, and that he would marry her in the course of three weeks. Fortunately, the defendant's letters had-been preserved, and these vould clearly establish the pronise to marry. One of these letters, dated the 10th of De. -ember, 185., and addressed to her in a feigned name, was -as follows "Windham Club, Dec. 10, 1855. "Dear Girl,-I-have sent you 4t. in Miss Edwards's name. Wow do, deargirl, do, for God's sake, have confidence in me, that love you better than anybody in this world, for you wrote ass if you had some doubt of my honesty. I will not, Set me assure you, bellave in any other way than a gentlenroan. -btt I hope soon to make you my wvife. I have got you the situation in my aunt's family as governess, to teach one little girl. I hope, dear Maria, that you will comae to it, as it is a good place for you. I forgot to tell you that my aunt will want you in a week's time, as the other gove-ness --ill be leaving; so, dear girl, I shall only have the pleasure of escorthig you a.bout for a week. Pray leave offyour past -hyness to ime, but Icok at me as your future husband, for -as the God is in Eleaven, -ou 'will be my wvife before thzee -veeks are over vour little head. "You -will go to your situation. Then I shall come in about a week, and take you from there to make little Miss Maria little Mrs. Webber, or if you hi- you -can stat at the lodgings ill I matrryjou. I am sure of mny mother's conrsent, for I am her pet. If she does not, then -mat. sa-e Frenchnleave. Do nbt think Ishall tempt you beror- you are my wile,anl you by so t,in-c-,fi not come to London. Dear, darling Maria, I would not be guilty of surh an action, so do pray place confidence in me. Now, I most give you some little instructions. Mtind not -to be 'late at the station. You niust inquire the night before. I -will meet you without fail at Paddington-station. Yonu-ee, dear Maria,' howv badly I wvrite, for I am not vell at all. But I shall be better when you come to London. Farewell, dear girl, and believe me to be, "Yours affectionately, " VIVIrA WEBEER. -" Missilames, at -1iss Edwards's, 56, Oxford-street, " Swanaea, Glamorganshire. " P.S. -I have taken most respectable lodgings for you." In conseqtuence of that and other letters which the -defendant-wrote, the-plaintiff came uip to London. There had, however, been a miscarriage in one of the defendant's letters, and the defendant, in consequence, notexpecting the plaintiff, was. not. at the station, as he had promised. She, however, went- in a cab to his lodgings, at No. 10, Bury'straet, St. James's, and was then taken by the .defendant to a loeging at No.17,. Duke-street. The plaintiff -soon fell, and u-bile she continued there scenes occurred which were -uitedndescrba3ble. The defendant, vho drank to excess, treated her with great violence and cruelty. At length, wvhen the defendant's *n.st was sated, the plaintiff *was told to go, and a man named Read, a pugilist, and a friend of the defendant, came and took her awvay. She was then-sent back to Brictol. It appeared that, bad as the conduct of the defendant had been,- he -had still some remorse -2nd couipurction, forcn the plaintiff's return to Bristol he wrote her this letter, vnich the -learmed counsel read as folLolvs W" Windham Club, Thursday. "'Will ycu believ-eme if I call you dear Mlaria?l when - found you had gone I w-as taken so ill and repentant .hat I was obliged to go tc bed, where I remained in a fever until this muorning, when I got up. The first thing I do is -4; ask yoa to forg'ive me. I should never have done u-hat JId had -I net Keen drun-. I direct this to the same lirc-tion in.Brftol as before, bot have told them to for-aa,-o- it to your ether if you are absent. Praj write and tell me i± -here is anD-thing I can do for you, and r wvill do it for you -iipossible. r am going to Swansea soon, and hope to Heas^r yon will bE there with rue. Put my kindness in the bala"nce-ainst m4y unkindness, and if the latter should bo a iZtie > heavier have the charity to forgive. Tell me nil al,uojW' e, and where ehe is. Do you see how -weal.a;:S If Itwas,azruel, do not YoU beso. - Yours ever a-,ectionately, eP.S-,L) o.pray.wRT,.. " VIVIAN WznnnEsc. AliAS Pricl:rd .33 S-kescroft, BristoL. After tl2t 4um3 the p-iVes had,never met, and no offer of repavaC-on had ever een made. It might be said that the pronwil&shi.c:' the defendant had L2nade was an improvident' cre, but it iw-iJd be distlictlyjproved. It 3night be Qant tbe defendant never -ieant to fulfil hlis promjs 2ndA only made it that he might aedutce the plaiant<E If lthat were -o, he was donbly a vill%ain. ln.t lhe bad dsne .wQrse (/Qzn that. H.- *hadl put on tho i ecord ~ plea .wich charged ;ahe plaintjt' wiith immnoralcozio2ot prvious to tLe conneiuor It would tF e seen wvhetherhe w;ould YentUjre to produce a-d'dance to zupport that plea. if he dUd not, the j wlea would i;a 3 great aggravation of the injury which he "d infliotedoen the phAantiufl for which (lie learned co=usel hoped tOe jury .-,,0LA give ex;empnlary dainages. 4fhe following * itnie-se were then examited:- Ge^r,e Prichard said,-I an the f.ather of laria Prichard, the plai,n:iff. She was 17;nA August st. I live at Swanseg mu a furn,ziture broker. I Ram A vaidowver,and the plaintiffis -ny youngezt daughter. She was the only daughter I had at Jiezno la.jt yar. She has always lived at home tiL ise went tol zndonu ,Shie on one occasion went on the stage at Swan2ea. The manger wanted a child for some minor part, and osome one told kim of my daughter. That was in 1S33. Shle acted 10 oz 12 t_,nies in 1853. In November last year I heard of something, and desired her to go to Bristol. I took heron board tce packet. She was to go to Mir. Wall, at Bristol, She went t Ure. I first kmew she had gone to Lurodon wwhen she was there. Crosa-caamined.-Iam now a journeyman upholsterer. I nas not in the habit of going to the theatre. Tile plaintiff -was not many months at the theatre. It was all in one sea-on. I think it wvas in 1853. I knew an actor named Sinclair. I neversaw him at my house. I knew him at the I:oyal Yatch, w hich he used to frequent. lIe was an actor at th*e theatre in 1852. He was not at Swansea in 1853, not tilL I&55 I believe he is now at Bristol. I never saw Sinc..'lr m company with my daughter. I beome next friend son:e ks ago. I saLsasked byldesars. Lovelanc2aud Tweed. I knew ;t clerk to Mr. Beor, an attorney, nanusec Atforris. I do not .know whether he was acquainted with av daughter. w b,out a mlonth ago I went to a x rs. Presto at Swvanse;s an2 alskAedher whether she knew any'thiugabou6 enivdanehter latc .~y IFe_liiHuas-ey WIc1ber said,-I am a brother of the dpfenda:nt. Iymother resides near Swansea My fathe was C-ptain Webber in the 47th Highlanders. He was killed j iSy,3S. ~ybrother, the defendant, I believe, was ,Sl7 lst December. He 'Wsa a Iloutenant in the 67th FooW. i2hn d@eendant le,ft the AT.nY, I believe, in 1853. gw ,h,,as been living since with my mother at , He is a mnmber of the Windham (uIO, and SWr,es in London. He was at Swansea ia -ometimeS t Lchev¢ I am acquainted with mv Novzember 12st, - - brother'shandwrig* *e,-°tbhi writipg. I do not believe this slViature, No_, Iandwritirg. (This letter contams thepromise to nZ_' :?Wich wwl Ae4i ,heou£}A amod{ek to plnIhtift's attorney) came down to SN H nt couldnot get proof of the handwrit: vrrleat Hesaidtif my notiher. I told hinm I wal u.ng he should subpthu t th defendanys handwritinr - qruite as well aware of khsiuld be obliged if he w, ia as iny mother was, and I do everything that she v not subpena her,e fu would inthe,utIwoul D .s t idted do. I lud that when came ornoort. The ges&I .. whether it was my brother's writing Eorfy n ,t Teid " -mn called upon me to state then Wbdttly th.eiy ere in my brother's writing. He then mhowvep me of-eron letters. He offered me to read them, but I declined. He showed me No. 1. He put them on the table ui-turn i ed them. over, and I looked at them cur505213'. I ;aid, "1Well, I don't thinkl there's miuch doubb ~sbout ':neir being in my brother's handwriting. I said Inu '.,espect of one letter it is so totally dlifferent th.at you cannot expect mne to say whether it is his or not." I do not remember having said that any one of these four letters was so different that I coul not speak to it. I do not recollect having seen all these. I can't tell howv many he laid on the table. There were several letters. There were some papers in an envelope. I sawv the sign.atures of all the letters on the table. The signature which I objected to wvas wvritten longways across a shieet of paper. W7ith that e.xception I was satisied with the signatures. Letter No. 3 is in defendant's handwvriting, so is no NSo. 4. Hammond then said that would be sufficient, and ho should not subpcena my mother. Cross-examined.-I never saw the plaintiff on the stage, to my knowledge. The defendant sold out of the army. His ineans are extremely limited-excessively so. He has next to notbing. I am a clerk in the House of Coimmons. I have seen my brother suffering under deliriunm tremens. Re-examined.-Hc is in the habit of getting drunk. In December he was living at No. 10, Bury-street; but for a short time in Decemlber he had lodgings in Duke-street. The defendant sold out in 1853. He has since received great assistance from my mother. She is a lady of fortiune. I and my brother are her only children. It was here proposed to read the letter of the 10th of De, cumber, but the evidence was rejected on the ground tfr.t the handwriting of the defendant was not proved. Ellen Steer said,-I am the wife of Hem-y Steer. I live at No. 17, Duke-street. On the 12th of Decenmbcr the defendant cante and took two rooms. He said they were for a lady and a gentleman. I asked if the lady was his wvife. He said, with hesitation, that she was. I told idm the rent would be 11. He took them for two months certain, and a month's notice ; that he was an officer from the Crimea, and would be shortly going away. The lady, he said, was to return to her father, to Swansea. He canse the next dav, and brought the lady with himn. It was between 6 and 7 o'clock. They dined to ether there, and slept together. They continued there till the 23d of December, when the defendant left. The plaintiff left on the 24th. A gentleman named Read took her away. Before he came I had told her she must not be in msy house. She had a post-office order from the defendant for 31., which she could get at Bristol. I was to give her I0s. Iknesv she had no money. He came at 9 o'clock in the morning of the 24th. I never heard from the defendant that Read was a prizefighter. The defendant left the plaintiff in my house on the 23d-a Sunday. I went upstairs to see what was the matter when the bell rang. The plaintiff -was sitting in the easy chair in the sitting-room. The defendant was in a bed in the same room. I asked her what was the matter, and she did not auswer me. I asked the defendant what he rang the bell for. The plaintiff said he (defendant) was unkind to her. I then went to the defendant to the bedside, and asked what he wanted me to come up for? He said, " Put her out, put her out, Mrs. Steer." I said, " Whom do you mean ? He said, "that thing in the chair." I said, "No, I will not put out the poor thing, I'll put you out." I said, if he did not go out Id go to Mr. Bingham and put himn out. I don't recollect what day that wvas. Once when two bells rang I wvent up; and the plaintiff was hanging out of bed, with her heid hanging towards the floor. I did not see any violence. {The writness here began to cry, and was reminded that she had made a statement in writing.] I once saw him give her two or three slaps, from which she could sustain no injury. I once sawv some violence to her breasts. Slhewvaswvantingtogodowvntosee ag-entlemnanon thefirst-floor. The defendant s4d she inust not go dowvn. She was running out of the door, and the defendant got out of bed and puslied the door. The catch of the door caught hold of her breast. I wvas at the same time looking for the defendant's purse, which she had taken from him. The defendant had 4Q0O. I found the purse near the w%indow, anl gave it the defendanit. He held the door with Iiis knee while he counted the notes and took the numbers of them. She was held in the door. I fomented her with hot vater and a sponige about an hour and a half. That was the part injured by the door latch. I never saw any violence besides. I never gave any statement in writing. My hIusband wrote it, and gave it to Mr. Hansmond. Mr. Steer wrote it down each day. I told hint each day's occurrences. I don't know where my husband is. I don't know what -has become of him. I have not seen him for t'ree weeks. 30 guineas damages were given by the defendant to my husband. I went to Mr. Pawle, the deferdant's attorney. I told the defendant he -was not married. 1 had learnt that from the plaintiff. The defendant stid lie would marry her as soon as he was able. He said it aLso on another occasion. He, on the second occasion, made a solemnn promise before the God of Heavenhe would marry lier as soon as he -was able. Cross-examined.-There was a great deal of drinkino going on while thley were at my house. I believe she joined in it. I have seen her drink three glasses without stopping two of slterrv and one of port. I htave seen her drink four giasses of gin without letting the glass out of her hand. I ,- -nown her go out and fetch gin in a bottle. She was a month int my house before I allowed her her cloak and bonnet to go out. After she left I brought her back to my house from Bristol. from charity. That was on the StlI of SanIarY. I S-- her- ay o mon-y I did not allow her her cloak and bonnet for a month after that, only when she wvent to church. I found her one Sunday night in bed with my Ihusband. I would lhave murdered her. It was then my husband left me. He did not leave till he got :301. from the defendant. I put her out of my- house after that. She hadbeen with me seven weeks. I had been taken sick at church, and came home before the service was over. It was next day the cause awas finished in Guildhall Court. I told Mr. Tweed and Mr. Hammond why I wanted to put the phaittiff out of the honse. My servant, Mary Smythe, one nighit went to Mr. Hammond's. On her return I saw ta-o 51.-notes on the table. She immediately left my service. I owe her 21. l1s. for wages. While the defendant was with me the plaintiff went out for wine. On two Sabbath-days I had refused to get the defendant wine. Re-exanined.-The action I brought against the defendant vuas for an assault, and for things that were damaged in my house. I have never seen the defendant scratch the plaintiff till the blood came. She came with a bundle of rags. She complained to me of the defendant's violence in his presence. I fonnd the plaintiff in- tears on the first Sunday night. She was in bed. She can cry when she likes. (The witness was continually doing the same.) Mr. V HATELEY observed that there were other ladies who could do that. (Laughter.) Re-examination continued.-I have seen Mr. Pawle (the defendant's attorney). He did not take my examination. Everybody knew I found the plaintiff in my husband's bed. I took the carvingknife to her. The defendant drank a great deal at my house. I sent out every day for sherry. I poured it out for him in tumblers. That was before 7 in the morning. The defendant did not keep her withoxt food. I offered lter my doctor if she wanted one. Mnr Justice CRESSWE1LL here intimated that he was quite ready to bear this case out to the end, but he felt called upon in this stage to express his hope that both himself and the jury miiglt be spared. After some negotiation, this suggestion was not acceded to, and the cauise proceded. Walter Wilkins, a clerk in a banking-house, was then called to prove that the disputed letter, o. 2, was in the same handwriting as the others, admitted to be genuine. But the witness proved the contraiy. The letter (No. 2) containing the promise to marry was then withdrawn. This was the plaintiff's case. Mr. 1(gxxaiG said, he should have an application to make to the Court in respect to that letter. The learned counsel then submitted that there was no promise to marry proved. Mtr. Justice CRPESSwELL, in referring to Mrs. Steer's evidence, said, he could not say there was no evidence of a promise. The ease must go to the jury. After a long negotiation, the cause was settled, upon the terms, as we utnderstood, that the jury should be dischargedfrom giving a verdict, the defendant undertaking to pay the costs and 201. to the plaintiff.-
POLICE. J MuLr.BrvoROUC 1-STREET.- Joseph Solomon, solicitor, Cranbourne-strcet, was b.-ought up for final examination, charged with obtaining various siUls of money under the pretence of the amount being wvanted to carry on an action which ho alleged he hadl comnenced on account of Madame REheimar, of l'anton-street. E^he particulars have already appeared, and Mrr. BLNG, I*Asc, being of opinion that the evidence wa^s sufficient to begrant the charge, sent the prisoner for triaL MW .WSiINaTER.-Henry Martin, servant in the establishnuent df Major Gammell, was charged with assaulting his master. Major Clam 'nell, whose forehead exhibited marks of recent blows, stated tt. at defendant had been in his service for the last tbree years as butler and valet. He had recently had his discharge, ant, before leaving that day committed the assault now compla. med of. Complainant had declined to give him a character because when he had desired defendant to leave the roo -n he hiad refused to do so. Yesterday morning the defendant 6 ue into the library, and told complIinant he was obliged to hlm for not giving him a character, and called him an inferii k scoundrel and other names. Complainant ordered him to le 've the room, but he refused, and commencing a violent attack upon him, beat him about the head until he inffictcd the m. irks he now bore. Defendant's conduct in the service had 'een good until lately. iVflliam Wells, the major's coachna n, said that lie heard the bell ring that morning, accompani, d v-ith a loud cry fronthe library, when, on hastening to tlh 9 room, he found the complainant and the defendant engage, 1 in a struggle. WVitness took his niaster away, thinking he might be in danger. Defendant, in reply to the charge, said, that hI' master -efused to give him a claracter, and had done the same betV-c with other servants. ie went into 'he librarv nd- 161A iMM fon.^t -^rn ;r Z;f .* v;,as to star ve, h upsd eamte h^isratsa orderedl him tw leave the room on a former occasioni but *aid he had ,] so in a most improper manner, asnd he had refused to go 9t; he bad fuhfilled the duty wvhich took him there, and for that 4;2 h is master had refused to give him a character. As5 rerrart. -4 the assault conspisined of, ahfet sai dl that it wras notYin,,g hu: X scuffle that took place, Mr. PAYAXTER anlinadverted upon the 'lefendant's gross misconduct, and fined him 2t. lOs., or one ?Zthisimpri sonment Lu the House of Correction. The defendant immediately paid the iine. The major obseived IPat the defendant still had possession of his key.s; whiuch he reThed t9 dliver up. -. Mr. PAY-?,7Tim said he could have no claim whatever to detain them. The defendant said, he held theni because he was respongible for the plate and other property which had been given into his charge, and did not like to give them up until it was seen by the list that everything was correct. It was then arranged that one of the summoning officers should accompany him to his master's house, and that he should hand over tlle roperty intrnsted to his care. A few days ago 'i liam Kilminster, a servant in the establishment of the Austritan Ambassador, was sunmoni. for unlawfully detaining some wearing apparel, the properLy of James Neaves, when Mr. C. Lewvis, an attorney on the defendant's behalf, pleaded that he was privileged from the ordinary operation of the law by belonging to thi establishment of the Austrian Embassy; but as the iiaiie was not returnled on the oificial list supplied to this Court the matter was adjourned until yesterday. On the parties reappearing, Mr. Lewis still pleaded defendant's privilege, and referred the magistrate to the 7th of Anne, chap. 12, sec. 3. which recognizes the privilege in question, established by the law of nations, and points out thata list shall be sent to the Foreign-office of the names of persons comprised in an ambassador's establishment. Mr. PAY?TER, who was awvare of the enactment in question, inquired of the complainant whether he Imew that defendant was in the service of the ambassadlor ? Complainant replied he had no doubt that he was,. 3r. Lewis observed that defendant was not only attached to the establishment of the ambassador, `ut %.as ,iOtually residing in his house. Mr. r'AYNTER said, that the itvlolahillty of the aubassador's household rust not b interfered with, and as it seas clearly admitted by comPT a1inant that defendant was in The ambassador's establisl,oCet there must be an end to tee case. He might go on wi.th the hearing, but as the privileg was claimed, a.d wvould doubtless be persevered in, it would be useXes, as he could not issue civil process against the defdantto enforce any order. -Itwas immaterial whether the offcbIa list sent from the Home-office for the guidance of the magistrates contained the name or not in this instance, as it was admitted the defendant was a cerson entitled to the privilege. Complainant inquired whether there was no means of getting back his property from defendant ? Mr. PAYNTER said, he knew of none, and persons must be careful in their transactions with ambassadors' servants. The case againist defendant, who appears to be an Englislhman, was then dismissed. CLERKENWVELL.-A sovereign has been received from "Mrs. J. A. Y.- for the poor man Chapman with nine children, an acknowledgment of -which was requested in the public press. THIMiES.-Mr. H. S. SELFE, of the Oxford Circuit, who was caUled to the bar in June, 1834, and who has been appointed a masistrate of this court in the place of Mir. Ingham, who has taken the business of the Wandsworth and H-ammersmrith Courts, has received the first.half of a 51. Bank of England note from Sir John Copley, Sprotsborough, Doncaster, for the uise of the Police-colnstable Chapman, whose leg was broken by a ticket-of-leave colnviCt namied Hogan, with an intimation that the second half would be forwarded on the receipt of tue first portion being acknowledged in The Times. "J. G." lias sent halfa-sovereign to be divided between Chapman and a poor and destitute woman named Maria JolImson, -who attempted suicide in consequence of the ill-usage of her husband. " Rt. E." has forwarded to Mr. SELFE the second half of a 51.-note for the poorbox, with an observation in his letter enclosing the half note, that the receipt of the first half wvas not acknowledged in The Times as desired. If "R. E." had carefully noticed the police reports in Tlee Times, the receipt of the first portion of the note would have been seen by "II1. E." in our Thames police report a fortnight ago. SOuTrHw.1ARK.-Mary Howard, a middle-agedwoman, was brought before Mx1r. A'BECKECT for final examination, charged with stealing 3151. in gold, the property of her master, Anthony Malony, assistant to lMrs. Connellv, bookseller and newsagent, at the Brighton Railway Terminus, London-bridge. Mr. Solomon appeared for the accused. It appeared from the evidence of the prosecutor, a widower, residing at No. 9, Nelson-square, Benslondsey, that shortly after his wife's death he took the prisoner as a servant to look after his house and three children, for which he paid her 2s. ad. a-week and her board and lodging. During 1S years' hard work, he and his late wife scraped together 3151. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns, which he kept safely locked up in a box in his bedroom. He saw the money there on Tuesday night, the 25th ultiuno. On the next day he went out to his work as usual, and on his return home, at 10 o'clock at night, he was surprised to hear that the prisoner had absconded. He immediately went to his bedroom, and, to his utter dismay, discovered that the box had been broken open and all the money gone. He at once sroceeded to the police station and gave information, wvith a description of the prisoner, and on the follov.ing Ino he despatched his two boys and girl to different railway stations, while he went to others in search of her. Fortunately she was discovered in a carriage at the Eustonsquare station, just as the train was about to start for Birmingham, wvhen Iiis daughter called a police-constable, and gave her into custody with nearly all the money in her possession. In cross-examination by Mr. Solomon, the prosecutor said, that the prisoner Ihad been in his service as hous-ekeeper about six months, but prior to thatshe had livedin the mine house with him, in Webb-street. She left there to come to hun, and he paid her half-a-crowvn a-week for her services. Mr. Solomon.-Now, has she not lived with you as your .v.ife ? ,- , Prosecutor.-She has not, Sir. I positively swear to that. m-.Solomo -Bc cnatio, iow y-m aa-cr MsaL.iot.. TIs ashi not in the famnilyway by you? Prosecutor.-INo, Sir. I never was on such intimate terms with her. She wvas my servant, and I always treated her as such. Mr. Solomon.-Hxow long have you been is Mirs. Connelly's service ? Prosecutor.-.About nine years. But I have beon saving' this money 18 yeawrs, and may late wife added considerably to it from her savings for five years at' tise Junior United Service Club. Mr. Solomon.-Have you ever shown the prisoner this large sum of money ? Prosecutor.-I have not; and I had no idea that she was acquainted with the fact. Jane Malony, daughter of the prosecutor, said that the risoncr left her father's house on Wednesday night, the th of 'March, taking awvay with her her boxes. When her father came home he found that the money was all' gone, and on the foll6wing morning at an early hour lie sent lIer to the Euston-square station, where she saw the prisoner sitting in one of thme railwvay cariages ready to atalt for Birmingham, she havingt purchased a ticket for that place. Witness fetched a police-constable, to whom lsoe gave her , charge for robbing her father. In cross-examination by fr. Solomon, witness said that the prisoner had always slept Witli her during the time she had been in her father's service, and she never saw any familiarity between them. 2lr. Solomon asked tlle prosecutor wwhen he last counted his money; lie replied that he counted 3151. about a month ago, but on the Tuesday night he sawv it aRl in the box. George Parry, 376 S, stated that he was on duty on Thursday morning, the 29th ult., near the Euston-square railway station, wlhen the prosecutor's daughter came runnngup to him, and told him that her father's servant had robbed him of upwards of 300l., and was then in one of the railway carnages about to start for Birmingham. Witness accompanied her into the station, and-he took the prisoner ito custody, and conveyed her and her boxes to the Bernmondsey- Pollee-station, where the charge was entered against her. She had paid the fare to Birmningham, and had the ticket in her hand. Alice Duff, the female searcher at the police-station, said, she searched the prisoner, and found in her pocket ayprse containing 12 sovereigns, five half sovereigns, and 11. los. 9d. in silver. She also handed a large quantity of sovereigns and half-sovereigns to the inspector for him to count. The prisoner said that all the money belonged to the prosecutor, and that she had stolen it from his box. Sergeant Reed, the Acting Inspector at 'the Bennondsey Police-station, stated that he wa on duty 'there on Thursday morning, the 27th tilt., when the prisoner was brought in, and chargedwith robbing the prosecutor of 315 sovereigns. After last witness had searched her, she handed him a quantity of gold coin, which he counted, and found to be 179 sovereigns and 162 half-sovereigns, which, with the money found on the prisoner, amounted to 2761. Ss. 9d. MIr. XABEnCETT asked whether any more money had been found since the last examination? Sergeant Reed replied in the negative. M&r. Solomon hero said that he could not struggle agaihttthe evidence and the prisoner's own statement, therefore he should reserve his defence until the trial. re was, however, instructed to say that his client had-given up all the money she took from the prosecutor's box. M3fr. A'BEciar said that there was no evidence what amount of money there was actually in the box when lsoe conunitted the robbery, as the prosecutor had not counted it for a month. However, he should commit her for trial. L,vIIIETI.-Williani Henry Wood, a jounrieyman plumber in the service of Mr. Myers, the extensive builder and contractor in the Belvedere-road, was placed at the bar before the Hon. G. C. NORTON, on a charge of plundering his employer of a quantity of lead and solder. From the evidence it appeared that the prisoner had been observed by one of the foremen while employed on his master's premises to rollup a large piece of sheet lead and place it umder a bench so as to conceal it from view. This cireumstamie exciting the suspicion of the foreman, he pliced himself in such a position as to command a view of 'the spot, and ultimartely saw the prisoner conceal it on -his person. He was stopped on leaving the premises, whien no less than 351. wigh oflea an soderwer fondon himn, and ho w<as given into custody. i,&dh Tue prisoner, in reply to the charge, said, he had not re: moved fiom the premises, and, therefore, he had no right tL be given into custody as a felon. M1r. NORTON observed, that lie had seldbm seen at thi bar a niore impudent person, and remanded the prisoner tv a future dray, to give timenfor the apprehension of twi other persons on the PremJises 'who were suspectedI of bein' ceoncernhd with hiin. - . Edith Kiino, a little urchin, not quite 10 years of age, wv - k rged withlsteaing a sixpence from the child of a person ch ' Shannon. 5rs. sn.cunon deposed that on the evening before she sent her lb 'rl, a child of '7 year6 of age, to the baker's for a loaf, al o. 'er tetuxn thse mrX2sofr toek from her a sixpence which she reCeX ted in change, The prisoner's aunt said thric though se extreniely young, her acts of dishonesty exceed6- - 4anoeption. Some days ago, while her smother was gone to the wOi_th9. use for medical asistance for her children, who were ill, she 't4ol -&- 6d. she had to pay her rent, ansd was found in the p,- t the Victonja Theatre, after spesiding tb whole of the g49neS" ' ,ge was sent to prIson for?w eew -
NAVAL AND MIhITABY ISTBILLIAMCE. Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir Richard Saunders Dandas, K.C.B., Commander-in-Chief of the ex-LBaltic fleet, returned to Spithead yesterday and rehoisted his flag on board the Duke of Wellington. Strong south-ea-,terly gales blew all day yesterday, accompanied by rairl ual fog, which for the most part obscrged teo vielw of the roadst'ead from the shor; the ships struck their topgallantlast.s and made snr below. The fleet was augmentedk yesterday by the arrival from Devonport of the Brustwick, S0, Captain Yelverton, C.B., which fired a s-akute for the Port Admiral on anchoring at the Moth-irbank. It is reported that Her Majesty will procecd from Lo-.,, to Portsmouth on the morning of the 16tz l;eview the fleet, and return to town the sa i - Ievie evff. ning. it is also nmnoured thar the Plenip.o; s1es now at Paris vwl visit England and be prs` at aethe review. It is supposed that the, membtbs of boti -Houses of Par. liament will also, be prfsent, and that the naval troop steam friT eG now in harbour will be devoted to their ter'ice. There were 111 sail of the fleet to be reviewed already assclbled yesterday, and the Sonth-Western and Brightor aad South Coast Railway Companies are making prepamtions with the view of conveying as much additional tra lic to the scene of interest as can be accomplished with S3fety to the public. The naval review of 1814 in the presence of tbe alied Sovereigns, after the peace of that day, was a mere yachting display coalpared with the spectacle now contemplated. Her Majesty '-yacht Osborne, it is believed, will be specially commissioued for the service of the Plenipotentiaries on the occasion. The following steam transports, having been refitted, are at Liverpool waiting for orders to proceed to the Black Sea, for the purpose of bringing home British i roops :-aBahiana (16); Emperor (167); Kangaroo (29); Kbhertoslese (10); Alps (82); and Andes (100). Some naval volunteers were forwarde(d from l iverpool to London on Wednesday night. The Tortoise Admiralty lighter arrived in the Mersey on Wednesday with naval stores, consigned to Captain Bevis, R.N., the Admiralty agent at Liverpool. Her Majesty's steamer Geyser sailed f r. in Liverpool for Portsmouth on Wednesday, with the new gunboats Raven and Redbreast. She is expected to retur, ir, a few days for inore gunboats. The Admiralty business has so greatly iiscreased at Liverpool that it has been found necessary to appoint an assistant storekeeper. A person named Windsor has received the appointment. In the list given in Vie Times of yester-,laJ of commanders who had accepted, with additional pay, tbe ranik of captain was the name of Com,mander Bevis. Ile r.tquests uS to state that liis name ought to appear among those officers who declined the offer of retiremnent. Her Majesty's gunboats Pert and Onyx, of 212 tons each, were launched from Messrs. Younig, icln. and Mfagnay's Lisnehouse dockyard yesterday, and were iuntiediately taken in tow by the steantug Monkey, and proceeeded to Woolwich to be fitted. The ceremony of christening was performed by two French ladies, the Misses Belloc, of St. Germnain's. The hired steam transport Victoria (>. 72) Captain Thornhill, with 200 officers and men of the Land Transport | Corps, sailed from Plymouth on Wedneoiy v f, -r the Crimea. It having been in contemplation for s.y,mU time past to erect a newv chapel alnd some other import7nt. buildings for the convenience and improvement of the dockyard at Woolwich, it may now be stated with certainty that the whole of the works will be commenced in the early part of the present year. The principal works to be exe,!uted are. a suitable place of worship for the comfortable accommodation of I the dockyard offlcials and artisans, and the marine officers and soldiers of the Woolwich Division. ThL, design of this building is not yet drawn up, nor is the site fixed on. It is, however, known that the chapel is to be sufficiently spacious to contain at least 1,500 persons. The construction of a large iron roof, which is to be provided with a travelling crane, so as to raise heavy timbers for ship{ building purposes, is likewise to be comuienced forthwith at the east end of the dockyard, over the slip vhich has been recently erected there. The building called the rigginghiouse and stores, near the basin, is also to be completed. This will be sufficiently spacious for the storage of steasi engine miachinery, cordage, sails, and rigging, and will con| tain workshops for riggers and sailmnakers. The east wing -was commenced in 1839, and the west wing in 1853. It is now decided on completing the building by connecting the two wvings fronting the river. The whole, when carried out according to the plans, vill fornm a magnificent building, and, fronm its proximity to the rivei anid the basins, will facilitate in a considerable degree the repairing and fitting out ships, l,c. In addition to the abovenaned vwors, t-b a intend ed to construct a large store for housing planks and other timbcr niaterias, si ilar to the one lately comnleted. .X --! r.o oen ot s3.. - of .* -ooMy coal store on aht improved principle, which is to be erected in tivicinity of the basins and the' river side. A number of other works of minor impoitance, but wvhich will add much to the general convenience and utility of the establishment, are to be promptly caried out. A purchase of the site has been concludedon vshich it-is intended to raise a new marine hospitaL The spot is at present occupied by the Kent Waterworks Company, is in an elevated and healthy position, adjacent to the Marine barracks, and admirably site ated for the purpose intended. In consequence of the resia dence of the Conumandant occupying a portion of the site, the house wvill be removed, and a house will be provided in its place on the opposite side of the barracks, in an enclosure lately purchased by Governmenit. The repairs anid improvements of Her Majesty's screw despatch vessel Intrepid, Commalader Wood, are coin pleted. She was yesterday niorning_ndocked, and is to re. sume her voy age to-day from Woolwich. Admiral Boxwles paid a visit of inspection to the variolus departments of Woolvich dockyaird yesterday. Master (ionimander Alleni, of the Sprightly, has been ordered to transfer his crew to Her Majesty's paddlewvheel steamer- Princess Alice, at Woolvich, for the purpose of conveying her down to Portsmouth for the forthcoming review. The Princess Alice has been nearly rebuilt. Her Majesty's iron paddle-wheel steamer Antelope, Lieutenant Charles H. Young commanding, arrived at Woojxwich yesterday morning, last from Portsmouth, and is to be hauled into basin to be dismantled. Her MTajesty's paddle-wheel steamer Otter alrived yesterday morning at Woolwich from Sheerness, and having discharged her cargo, which consisted of Admiralty gear for the dockyard, slse returned at noon to Sheerness. A detachment of Royal Artillery, consisting of two officers and 79 non-commissioned officers and privates, left Woolwich yesterday morninsg for Gravesend, to embark on board the fieighltship Escort, bound for Quebec. George 'Mason has been appointed surgeon to the Tortoise, ald -Peter W. Wallace to be Assistant-Surgeon to the Triton. - The six-company depdt of the 91st Regiment will pro. ceed from Chathami barracks to the camp at Aldershott this day, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel B. B. M. Gordon, who has charge of the depdt. The strength of the depot comprises 26 sergeants, 24 corporals, 10 drunnners and buglers, and nearly 400 rank andl file. The following officers belonging to the 91st Regiment also leave Chatham and proeced to Aldershott with their corps :-Brevet-Major J. G. Ravstorne, Brevet-Major H. Savage, Captain W. G. C. Gordon, Captain J. C. Sweeny, Captain J. J. Lane, Lieutenant and Quartermaster F. Boehmer, Lieutenant H. A. Bond, Lieutenant J. E. A. Hall, Lieutenant Pike, Ensign H. P. Burke, Ensign J. 31. Allen, Ensign J. Mi Tingcombe, Ensign N. M. Brock, and Assistant-Surgeon P. Frank, IM.D. On Tuesday the new Port-Admiral, Sir Henry D. Chads, K.C.B., Rear-Admiral of the Vhite, hoisted his flag on board Her lajesty's ship Conway, at Queenstow3t, MILITIA. On Wednesday next the South Devon Militia will receive from the Countess of Morley a set of new colours, the gift of Lady Rolle, of Bicton, Devon, whose late husband was for many years its colonel. The presentation will take place in the Plymouth citadel, the present quarters of the regiment. After the parade and ceremonial the men are to be regaled, and a repast fwill be given by Lieutenant-Colonel Sir John Yarde Buller and the officers to a large party who will reassemble in the evening at Saltram, the seat of the Earl of Morley, the colonel of the regiment. All the officers arc now at head-quarters, except Captain J. Camden Goodridge, on leave. Captain J. Yarde Boller is doin- duty for the adjutant, who is on the sickreport. The SoutR Devon has been on garrison duty from its first aasembly, excepting a few weeks passed in camp for the convenience of light infantry drill, on Maker-heights, in the summer of 1855.
PtBLIC CABS AND HOSPrAL P.T'S.-EiSTpus fever is, as you all know, a most infectioiij 'and virulent disease; a,,d when you-consider that the numbei of deaths annnally recb;ded is but a small proportion of the number annually affect6 with the disease, and therefore of those who are so convey>'d to the hospital, it must be manifest that there is con iSeo,able danger in such an employment of the public cabs. With u the lastw eek I havebeen informed that five persons in one 'a?&5ily have been stricken with fever in consequence of one of thei.3 having imprudently visited a tainted locality, and yet there & -e cases in which we are doing our best to expose any indivic,>al of the community to 'the influence of a tainted locality at ZNjorY moment of the day. I have no: hesitation in saying thal, the. cab3 vwhich have been so employed are sniciently infectec to become a the t-.ry samle remaryk ttefat; of tinhe pubievehic bJ ng al:o ij.e4for the gonveyance of persona ected with small-
UIUVEBSITY INTELLIGENCE. oiXFARDi ApRTT.l - Ia a convocation to be holden on ThurstThy, April 10, at 10 o'clock, the nam e of Charles William Corfe, D.Mus., Christ Chu-ch. who has been nominated by the 1'rofessor of Music to the office of Precentor, will be submitted to the house. CAIBRIDGE, 3'- The Regius Rrfessor of F rew give4 notice that Ins lectures for the Easftt Term. wil be delivered in Trinity College on Wedn ye- ed Saturdays, beginning Wednesday, April 9 Xthefoving hours:-. Ksn-crit ," Manu, at 10 a.mL "Hebrew ;" Genesis, beginning at chap. mv., at 11 a.m. "Sanscrit Nala, at 12. These lectures are free. Gentlemen wishing to attend are requested to enter their names at Messrs. Deighton, Bell, and C.'s. The examinations for the license "Ad Practicandun in Medicin1" will conmence on Monday, May 12, at 10 o'clock a.m., at the Arts' Schools under the PublicLibrary, and will continue on that and the three following days. Candidates for the degree of Bachelor of Phvsc will be examined at the same time. Gentlemen inten.dng to offer themselves for examination are requested to signify the same to the Regius Professorof Physic on or before MIonday, May-5.
THE CORNV TRADE. - q - The flour trade, although far from active, hassinceorlastreport exhibited a considerable amount of firmness and, with a Sair demand from consumers, previous prices were fully supported, and in some instances slightly exceeded. Other artices have undergone no cha nge cefling for particular notice. At Liverpool the imports from abroad are less extensive of vwheat and beans, but are large of ffour, and fair of Indian cor. From Ireland the .arrivals of all articles are onlyaa limited scale. Our market tais morning was wel attended. For wheat, both English and foreign, higrher rates were demanded, but in consequence oJf the unremunerative state of the ffour trade miLlers wrould not comply, and but little business occurred. There was a steady con.umptive demand for four, at prices the tun higher than thosr obtainable on this day se'nmgbt. Oats met abetter sale at previona rates. Oatmeal was unchanged. Beans and barley steady. BEMMGHAIM, APmi 3. At Glocester end 'Vorcester nmarkets, on the 29th, the prices of the previous week were firmly maintained but buyers would not submit to any advance. Barley again rather Nearer. More doing in oats, but atratherlowver prices. Beans and peas onlytaken inretaiL During the present weekthewheat market has been unsettled by the peace, and prices of al descriptions are nommially unaltered. Gcod barley continues irequestatfullprices. Wehaveafairsaleforoatsatfull prices. Beaus asd peas both difficult to dispose of. At Wolverhanipton, yesterday, there wras a snsort supply of wvheat from the farmers; bat the trade was slow at an improvement in value of ls. per quarter. At this day's market there was a better supply of wheat, and it found buyers readilyat an advance of Is. to 2s. per quarter. Fine barley ls. to 2s. per quarter higher. No alteration in oats. lo improvemeat in the demand for henns. BRISTOI,, Apy.r3. The trade throughout the week has evinced great firmness, the results of the Paris Conferences having been altogether auticipated. NVith a smaLer supply than usual of English vheat on market to-day, farmers were stiff sellers, and a fair amount of business took place at fuLy last week's prices. Foreign in moderate consmumptive sale, at former rates, the finer sorts being scurce and in request Barley in good dlemantl, and ls. per quarter dearer. Oats a s!ow trade, at former currencies. In beaus nothing doing. GLASGOWV, A.nM 2. We have ztill dry weather, but rain appears now imminent, Coastwrise and from Irelaud the suPplies continue on a limited scale; from abroad, by the Clyde, only 1,9G0 quarters of beans arrived from Alexanidria; n:l Grangemouth, 1,097 quarters of wheat and 400 sacks of fiour, from Hamuburg. The trade ic still affected from w.ant of general peonal confidence, and conseqs:ently trarnsactions are but limited. This f's marliet was thinly attended. Foreign wheat maintained last lre's rdtes;- native was in better demanld at an advance of 6d to '-. per 2401b. Barley improved Od. per 320th. Feeding oats and Scotch beans had a fair inquh-y at fully last WVedneedayb currency. .3liliing oats, oatmeal, and foreign beans underwent no mzaterial chauge. -~~~~~~~~-in
FRAUDS ON UNDERFWRITEB TO TH1 RDITOR OF TIEl TDIES. Sir,-May I respectfUlly beg a corner in your -journal for a brief reply to some of the comments of Mr. W. S. Lindsay on my statement at the general meeting at Iloyd's on Wednesday -weeLk? I never undervalued the scientific application of steam and iron to the mercantile marine; I only referred to their introduction into the merchant service as forming so many additional elemuents of risk to the undervriter. This increased risk arises from the impossibility of substantially repairing iron ships when damaged in very many parts of the world, anud from the rash desire sometimes evinced by captains of steanmvessels-to make quick passages by taling short cuts through untried routes. These tolerably wellascertained facts have no possible bearing on the abstract value of scientific improvementsandinventions,whichlnever was so foolish as to depreciate. As to my alleged "aspersions on undersized drunken outport seamen and foreign lubbers," I can only say that the report of my speech in your colunins substantially was very correct, but necessarily contracted, other-wise it would have more clearly appeared that I referred only to the smaller outport seamen, and not to north country seamen, who are known to be the best in the world. I must leave Mr. Lindsay, from his " connexion with the port of Shields," to make al the electioneering advantage he ought to derive from his unnecessary vindication of a class of valuable men. With reference to the injury inflicted on the mercantile marine from goraut " tinkering' with the Navigation Laws, it wvoid not be co-urteous to enter into particulars, as they might be supposed remotely to. have a personalapplicatioin. As to the declaration by MIr. Lidsay that captains andmateshave "vastlyimproved"underreoentchanges it is unfortunate for that statementthat the pa±ticulars of the loss of the Schomberg appear side by side with ris letter. I can furnish hi with a round dozen at least of recent cases of a similar character. The reference to the " clipper nuisauce and danger" I abide by, but with the limitation no; expressed, but perfectly understood by the assembly I 'was addressing. The clippers I referred to-for the most part not built in this country-are those over-long, sharp, weak, soft-wooded vessels, put together for speed and sale, fit for nothing but short voyages and fine weather, which fall to pieces li1;e a lhouse of cards, having no real strength or sufficient fastenings, should they touch* or mieet with stermy weither. LIr. lindsay states that the losses sustained by underwriters arise, not from increased risk, but because underwriters " speculate." Wfill Mr. Lindsay point out i single speculative underwriter at Lloyd's ? The majority of recent secessions from the underwritina department is composed of old experienced members. ARIi Mr. Lindsay explain how, that has happened ? Mr. Lindsay suggests that the committee of Iloyd's should exact a bond frons new underwriters as- a guarantee thatthey can pay their losses; but, consideringthatthe committee institute the most stringent inquiries into the station, character, and amount of property of all who apply to become members (M\lr. Lindsay mnst settle with the coinmittee, who have admittedhim as a member, what he means by the " shortconmings of underwriters without meanis or character"), and that it is essential every underwriter should bring with him a certain amount of capital, be it moderate or large-for I suppose it is not expected that all should commence business -with ready-made fortunes,-I do not see that v-ery much good wrould be effected. Nowv, if MIr. Lindsay had gone a ste p further, and also required that: security should be taken from a speculative class of shipowners whose career from obscurity to apparent affluence is a matter of wonder and suspicion, whose insurances-if they are also their own brokers-are not very eagerly sought after by wary and cexperienced underwriters, whose opinions are listened to vith hardly common patience by qualified respectable shipowners, and whose advice, wherever tendered, is thought to carry a double purpsone for the the public, one for themselves-he would be doing an immeasurably greater service to I,loyd's. I need do ho more than refer him to a recent case where a shipowner-a few years ago working for operative's -wagescontrived to acquire the nominal possession of about 100 ships, and to fail for a million sterling. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. W. H. WATTS. I Lloyd's, April 3.
I TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Will you allow me to point out, through your columns, to the proper authorities the fact that, in spite of the prosecutions of the Lambeth bone merchants, and their repeated promises of amendment, the pestilenit efflnvium from their premises is as bad as ever? 9Besides this we are almos daily stifledwith an intense odour of burningmanure, which almos$ takesaway the breath, and appearsto emanate from the samne, or nearly the same, place. T'his Iatter odour is a late a~ddition to the other Lambethminisances. Surely, Sir, if these are the benefits we are likely to derive from the new act, we should be much better without it. I beg to enclose my address, and to say I shall be happy to render the authorities any assistance inmypower to remove this dangerous nuisance. I am. Sir. vours obedientlv - A SURGEON. I PimUeo, ApH?2.
ST. J_uES's PARx.-The report of the Select Committee on St. James's Park has just been printed, but it has already appeared at length in the columns of Oic Tinws. There were several divisions in the committee on the question of the traffic through the park. The suggestion that there were " grave objections to any considerable increase of traffic in the park" was stoutly oIposed, but the phrase 'was carried by a majority o 7 to -3, Mr. 31. Thlnes being at the head of the minority. Hereupon, Lord J. Manners, -who had voted in the majority, moved the restriction of the new accommodation to passenger traffic, and this motion was only negativedbyamajority of one! Anotherpoint wasdecidled by the casting vote of the chairman, Sir B. Hall. Bart. The proposed opening of a passage for carriages from Trafalgarsquare to the ,park was in the same way carried by the chairman's castmg vote, the " Ayes " including Sir J. Paxton (the mover of the paragraph), Mr. Hutchins, Sir J. Shelley, Mr. MiElnes, and Mr. Wortley- and the "Noes," lord Hotham, Lord J. MIanners, Mr. Disraeli, lord R Grosvenor, and Colonel Boldero. THE REV. G. C. GoRA- AzSD miS PEAusmoxm.Rs. -The Rev. (G. C. Gorham, rector of Brampford Speke, near Exeter, whose controversv with the Bishop of Exeter is so well known, has had a violent rupture -with a large number o,f his parishioners, the result- of which is that they have commenced proceedings against the rev, gentleman fof " brawling in church."~ It appears that some of the principal farmers in the parish objected to a certain inscription on the organ which has recently been erected ins the church, and this was inserted in a notice convening a pairish meeting as one of the subjects for consideration. Mr. Gorham objected to sign the notice in the shape-presented to him, and the churdhw.arden, Mr. Carter, jm, iafxixed it to the church door without h-s signature. On Sunday morning, previous tocommencingD fivmne service the rev, gentleman went to Mr. Carter's pew, ana, as it is alleged, aked him how -he. dared- to- put ulp the n,±ice without his sinature, and peremptoiIy ordered himto take it downand bring it to hmin the vestry. For this cofl4wtt Mr. Carter, encbstaged by a large number of his fellow.parina2nlers, has insitiiie« peceedinds ag.ainst the ggy, gentlelpwat " "7,bawling." i-
SHIP KNEW -T . -.TWInT. A. - Wnrd, S. Arrived.-The Petrel, from Islay-tbo Blenge. from Iquique-io' fmVel alnd the York, from Mobile-the Lotus, from New Orlcan8-the Magician, from Pnerto Cabello-the Tamaulipas, from Mlta-. the Mary Stutaa from Alexandria -the Rtedbreat, from Mazafan-m. the Mary, from Mirseilles-the Emily.fromTroon-the Pets, from Sautander-the IV.anmnTchnia, from earlingen-the GezustersP o4 fromCVenie-the Arcadia, from Constantinople-tbe Arthur, froNz. Bordeaux-the Pemana, from Iasay-the Reoseland, from Zante-thTamertae, from SavaEpnnrah-the Rea-ys, from Mtonterideo-the f4 B. Reeler, iross; New Orleans.t OIL.-The2 Cornlelia Lawtrence atnd the Racer. Satiled,-The Wlltiam Thomas, for NSewfonndla3nd-the Aladdin, fat Calcutta-the Lady Gordon, for Qoebos-the Thorwaltsden, for Newt Orleans-the Ororernbo,for Cansoe-the Eaeehorse,for Syra-the Mars MTatthew; and t,he Emperor, ifor Bahia-the steamuer African, foeBeyrout. Lo0D0o, April S.-Wmd at noon, S. : fresh breeze and cloudy. F.umzouTn April L-Arived, the Unicom and Selene. from Neve Orleans-the lranita, from Bahia-the Castino Sectundo, from Monte.- video-the Hedwie, from St. Ubhe'. April 2.-Wind S.S.I1 Arrived, the Earl of Leicester. from Trieste, 'or orders-the Talli, from Car. diff for Bordeaux-the Marie Matilde, from Cardiff for Nantes. Dovmu, April 3.-The Woodcock, from New York, is on shore at Dimgeness Point. GREM;ncc. April a-The Effort, from Charente, which was abtn. doned off Bar-dsey, aud afterwards towed to Liverpool, arrivetdhero yesterlay in tow of a steamer. OroaTo, Ma;rdi 18.-The following vessels are Imoeldng about oft the bar :-The Ludtania, from Sunderland-the Achilles, from Shields -the Englisbusia, from the Clyde-the packet DWiium, from Sio. derland-the Mroy Sweet. fromnDublin-thesteamer Braganz:4, fronz. Liverpool-the Nova Subtil, from the Brazils-tbe Famern, from Rio Janeiro-tbe Flor de Marie, from Liverpool-the lbrig No. 25, fronx. Nesvfounndlatmd-tlie schooner .No. 48. There is a heavi sea on the bar,and no vessels can get in or out. GRAVESEND, Apr.L 3. (BY SUB3unoaaiE AND Er-ITeSH TrEos.a'sT.) (Erom Ltloyd's.) 9 am.n-Wind, S.1. ; tide, half-flood; fine. Arrived, April 2.-The Rainbow, from Rotterdamn. Arrived, Apri 3.-The Baron O.y, from Antwverp-the Earl of Auck;land, from Rotterlam-the Seine, from Boulogne-sthe Flora, from. Amsterdam-the Triton. from Calais. Sailed.-The Black Friar, for -Madras-the Marionipol, for Constau.- tinople-the Euphemia Fullarton, for Genoa-the Bementon, forHamburg. 1 p.m.-Windl. W. : tide, 1et bour's ebb; fine. Arrivet.-Tlhe Carolinda, from Cherbourg-the Token, from Jerser -the William }'otheringhamn, from Calcutta-the lVeel Valinghui, from Doggerbank-theEagle, from Valparaiso-the West Frbeslaand. from Harlingen- Sailed.-T he Ielboaure, for Bomb.ay-the Fyeno4,rJfor4otterdam. 3 D.m.-Wiud, S.W.; tide, 3 hours' ebb; fresh, with rain. Arrived.-Tihe Corsair, from Gnerusey-tho Peri from Jersey-thoJenny Lind, from the Mfauritiu-the Zepbyr. from Guermsey-thoBhine, from St. Mlichael's-the Protector, from Demserara, 7.30 p.m.,-Whid, S.W.; tide, 2 onra' flood; weather strong, vitllr rain. Arrired-The Mirage and the Agatha, from St. Eichael's-the Adelaide, from Terceira-the L-ady Catherine Broarnh, from Jamaiica-the Runnyme7de, iconm Whampoa-the Madawaskla, from Callao. SaUed.-The Lutcken, for Aarborg-the Dianm, lor Bremuen-tbt Sir E. Bans, ior ailais-the Ravensbourne, for Antwerp. DLUL, Arnur 3. (By SuBoeAxS%E mND Barrse Tur.tRAn) (From Lloyd's.) ' a.m.-Wmud, S.W.; moderate. Pas3ed-The Adelaide, from Terceira-the Charles Mean, from RiaGrande-the Avalanche, from Colombo-the Madawaska, from tallasc-the Attica, from New Orleans-the Linda, from New York-the Lady Catherine Barhem, from Jamaica-the Lloyd's and the N-ile, from Calcutta-the Runnymede, from Whampoa-the Star oi Peace, frJm Bedford-tlhe St. Michael's, from St. Kitt's-the Foam. from WhVrnapoa; all for London -the Bradore, from London for Jer- sey-the W. B. Ecranton, from Charleston- the Semaphine, fromPernamb.ico .both fromBreinen-the steamer VultUre, from Londoni for Cardiff. Anebored.-The Panope, from London for Genoa. Noon--nd, SN.W; fresh. Passed.-The Arie, from the Capo of Good Hope for London-HearMajesty's ship Dee. from Woolwisb for Plymouth-the Peoni fromr the 3lamditis-the Caroline, from Calcutta-the schooner Cbnq.us4 the Agatha, and the schooner Gleaner, f-romthe westwrard-the Pakenmam, nun. cmuao-me bng Alegre, from the westrd-the Anquis. from Calcutta-the Superior,from Alerandria-thes;I7n Henry Ellis and the brig Princess Louise, from the westward-the Strova, fron, St. John's, New Brunnswick-theEl-a,f rom Sydney-the Thetis, bOut the Mauritius-the Simla, from unolmein-the schooner Arab, front, the westward-the City of Loadon, from Calcutta; a l for London,. Anebored.-The Rival, from London for Algoa-bay. Put Back-The Scottish Maid, for Rouen. 2 p.m.-Wnd, S. VW. by S.; fresh. Passed -The Burlington, from Hongkong. the Octavia, from Calcutta, the David Malcolm, from Colombo, the Prinmrose schooner. from the veshvard, and the Tar, from Swanseaa-all for London. Anobored.-The briz Prince Edward, from the north for thq vwestward, 7.30 n.m.-Wind, S.W. by S., fresh. Arrivedand Passed.-The Forest, frm Mozador, the Juliaon, fromn. St. Mitt's, the Yemassee, from Charleston, the Asia, from Cape-town. the Spanish Main and Dapper, from the woestward, all for Londonthe Protector. from Demerara for London-the Serpent, from St. Mchael's for iidil -the Cezhopra, from the westward for the norththe Nordstien, from Cette for Bremen. Arrived and Anchored.-The Le Brite, f rom the north for the west-- ward-the Anna Margaretta, from Amsterdam foy Cocctantinoplethe Eriza and Hester, from London for Constantinople-Zbc Prince Edward. from London for Nevport. Report of the ship Lloyd's, from Calcutta :-Jan. 26 spoke tbe Dutch brig Swalloow, from China for Am sterdam, in lot. 2662S., long. 5S7 E., requiring medical aid; Jam 28 the Britills ship Loodiana, fronu China for London, in lat. 27 40 S., long. 5332 E., out 47 days; same day spoke the Spanish baTk Maria delClodilUe, from Manilla for Santander, in same lat. and long., out 56 days; Febo.l the French ship Himalaya, from Calcutta for Havre, min Lt. 3S 1S N:, long. 41 21 E., out 66 days; Feb. 3. a BritishL bark, fAlon Singapore for liverpool, in tat. St 24 S., lonag. 5 2, o-at 54 days; Feb. 11 the French ship Melanie, from Coringafor3Mareeiflea, in lat. 30 18S., long. 10 33E., out49days Feb. 21 the Dutch bark William de Cleair, from Java for Aimsterdam. in lat. 1516 S., long. 6 42 W.. out 49 days: same day, the British boari Harbinger, from the Mauritius, for London, in same lt. and long.. reported in company with the reported ship Rai.athan; Feb. 26 the ,American ship Colombo, from Calcutta for LoodQn, in lat. 80 8 S.. long. 14 6 W., out 78 days; Feb. 28 the British sUip Sea. Park. fromCalcuttaforLondon, in i1t. 1'6W., long.3819W., out78 lays; March 1 BritishbarkRattler, bound S., same long., same lat. ; Britislr bark Belie AUiance, bound S, lat. 15 S., long. 19 23 W.; same day British brig Lady Shelburne, from Liverpool for the Cape, same lat. andlong., out54 days; March 6 British ship Itubes, from the Mlanritis for London, Lat. 6 22 N., 1anug 28 0 W., out 45 days; M1arch 10 British schooner Iarg.eart, for Liverpool, in- lat. 4 N., ong. 3410W., out15 days;. March14, the AliqUis, from Calcutta for London, isa lat. 2919 iN., long. 31 W.; March 1S British sbip Alhlymist, from Mafisln for the Cove of Cork, in lat. 26 50N., long. 31 21 W.; MLarch 23 British ship 756, 3d pendant, from Liverpool for MontreaL in sat. 41Q52N_., long. 16 25 W., light easterly winds. Vzssxr.a Srow Wrint.- The Dowtborp, standing S.WY., Mvarch 3, in lat. 41 N., long. 18 W The George IEaUlett, from Calcutta for Boston,'March 1, in lat. 3f .N.. lone. 68 W. - The Colonist from St. Thomas's for Liverpool, March 7, in lat. 23 N..long. 69W. The Arid, from the Cape of Good Hope for London, March 3, of1 The Witch of the Wave, from LiverPOOI for eio Janeiro, March 21, The lagtt.9 , fromMoln N. min for Qmecnstown, Iarch 2D, in Lat. 5a N.Iong. 1g ,V. The SontLern Cross, from London for Melbourme, March18, iniat 45 X., long. 12 W. The Wickliffe, from the Mauritius for Que6istown, March 17, in The ship Vm;eira, from Sydney, New South Walcs, Feb. 12, in Iat_ 43, lo Ing. 32WIV The War Spirit, from Bombay for Hull, March 6, in lat. 9 N., leng 32 W. The brig Calder, of Sunderland, steering S., Feb. 11, in lat. 12 S.. Toe bark Balasara, of London, Feb.14, in lat. 6 S., long. 29 W., stee-ing S. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE THiS DAY. Morning .. 3 ndnL after I I Afternoon . 9 min. after Z
T'O T}IE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your notice of the Hon. Charles Langdale's Zlenzcairs of 3rs. .Fitdherbert in Thc Tinzes of Saturday last, it appears that the author was niot in possession of the namei and facts in relation to the nmrriage of that lady with ihe Plrince of Wales. In addition to the presence of her relatiown-Messrs. Errington and Smith-there -were present a Protestant. clergyana and a Ioman Catholipriest, who severally officiated according to the forms of their different churches. The Protestant minister wms the Rev. Johnmes Knight. rector of Welling, who was living in 1840, then nearly S., years of, age. The Catholic priest, who was also Mrs. Fitzherbecrts confessor, was named Michell; and I have reason to believe that the ceremony of marriage was, to appease the lady's religious scruples, twice duly performed on the same day, although, he it rememhered, all the parties must have been aware that by t.he Marriage ct of Febrnary 20, 177, the union was void in law. 'T 1.9ve thc honoulr to be. 'yus, A SELGE2AkLE. Farls, April 2.
TO THE .EDITOPR- OF THEJIVES. Sir,-The Bishop of Bangor -as probably a Fellow of my college when an invitation to a Founder's-day is said to have 'been accepted as follows:- I" The Mayor of Cambridge presents his complitnents to the Provost. and Fellows of King's, and I shall be very happy to accept tbeir kind invitation." If his Lorsdhip possesscs the original of this letter, and, as lhe has already forned his own style on it, will restore it to the college, it maybe of servic in assisting the juniors in Rno1;rh rnmnon;hnn. A FEJMOW OF EEWS, -2Klfege, -
SALES BY AUCTION. To Cov.kecpers.-Kempton-Park, Sunbury. Miiddlesex. <1rR.WZ. C4OUGI *vill t8E1L by AUCTION, oni .JN the Premises, as above. on Tuesday nest, the 8th inst.. at 1ito the mninute, ItO tons of excellent 3IAN'GOID WURZEI. lay be viewed, and catalogues had on the premniesca and at the of ices of Mr. 1V. Cough. Suinbury, whEo ll forward the eaunse on application. To Liucudrapers, Silkcmercers, Hosierss and Outfitters. T;/tR. llTAkLTER BURTONW wilV SELL by AUC- I TION, at his Rooms, Broadway, Ludgate-hill, on Thursday, Apri 10, at 11 punctually, the STOCK in TRADE of a Linendraper Silhnercer, HEsier, and Outfitter, comprising the usual goods, in good condition. On view Wednesday, from 10 till 4, wlhen cataloguies may r c had, or by post. Grossvenor-square.-This Day.-Superior Househod Furniture, China. Glass a Library of about 1,200 volumes of Boo HouseFitures and Elffects. - R.C. rIURBER's second day's SALE, THIS )11 DAY, Friday, April 4, at 11 for 12, on the Premises, 18, Chapelstreet, wiU include the superior DINIG ROOMI and LIBRARY FURLNITURE, fittings of haU and stairs, the well-selected library of bcols, the requisites of the servants' offces, culinaryutensils, and effects. 3ay be viewed, and catalogues had on the prcmfses, and at the auction offices in Varsvick-conrt, ray's-irn. No. 4, Cireassian-place, Easing, Middlesex.-Honwchold Furniture and Effects.-No reserve: must be cleared on the 8th. R R. ALBERT -KING will SELL by AUCTION, on the Premiises, on Monday next, April7, at 12 for 1, neat FURNITURE; comprising cottage piano, mahogany French bedsteads, bedding, lookingglasse, and sund-y effects. On view Saturday and morning of sale. Catalogues on the premises principal inns in the neighbourhood ; of the auctioneer, 1 St. Jarness-square, Nottinghill; anid at the City auction-offices, 25, College-hill, city.1 Ancient Dutch, Flemish, and Italian Pictures and a fewr moder Works. M R PHLLIS i intrutedto SELL by AUC- Thf Aprniatur n p e ffsectg of C GLeCtIemNof C esideTnde GeALLedRY PICTUES, unnedfromthe Iantienthscoolson rtb n mtu Wo PsbyEnLs,IrecS and FELemL brisy AyUbCTIewed atur-s tRoW NwBudsret n edseday, April 9 aLt Ipre. ceeton oom, i roewoo. mhogny,andcarved oa, orxnamental chin andglas, ad aquanity f onametaland uefuhadc. May Ancient Furniture and Objects of Art, incluading Marqueterie and Oak Cabinets. Buffets, Taibles, Chairs, an extensive Senice and Orna- met nDresden and Oriental China. MR. PHILLIPS in instructed to SELL by AUC- T TION, at his great Room. New Bond-street. on Tuesday April 15. at 1 precisely, a CONSIGNMENT of valuable ANCIEN~T FbiENITURE, consisting of in-laidd marqlueterie and carved oak cabinets~, bookcases tables gilt sofas and chaisa covered with damask, old boiue and gilt bracket and mantel clacks, girandoles, lustres, an extensive dinner service of Fustcnburg china, painted in landscaPes, Dresden and other groups, vases, cabaret and dessert sets, antique bronzes and marbles and nusmeroua obiects of taste, just received from the Conti. nent, Maybe viewed the day previous and mom3ing ofEsale,and catalogues had at Mr. Phillpss offices. The iniportant Collection of English Pictures formed by John Fairrie, Esqq., of Clapham-commnon. J JR.PHILLIPS bee-s leave to announce that he will SEJLL by AUCTIO' , at his great Rooms;, New Bond-street, on Tuesday and We'nesday, April 22 and 23, at 1 precisely each day. the extensive andl hghy important GALLERY of MO0DERNI Pb-. TURES, by the most dIstinguis hed painters of the En)glish school; in nricular may be menti ond a 'nptal work !1y J. M. W. Turner, R.&, beIdes two. other eam=pole's: the Puppy and rrog, by S ir Edwin Lan d-- seer, R.A.. and other pictures ; the Slhrixpr,b . oln,Hm Evyening Prayer, by T. Webster, R.A.: thee works by NV. P. Frith, B.A. ; three hy ID. Maclise, ILA.; several by T. S. Cooper. A.R.A.;? and equally capital works by the following artists;- M. AnthonySirLE Easilake,R.Rl.A.F. R. Lee, B.A. H. Ans,lell W. Etty. RLA. J. Linnell F3.3Baxter WV . F rost, A.R.A., P. Nearsyth G. Bentley T. Gaiboroi H. N. O!Netl Sir A. Callcott, Bt.A. F. Gooal, ..A. P.F.Pickersglfl A.H-A. T. Cresswick. RtA. W. Hilton, ILA. J. B. Pyne J. Constable, AtA. J. A. Herbert, H.A, P. F. Poole, ALI.A. GP.Chambers J. F. Herring. Sea. R. Redgrave. R.A. Old Crome J. P. Knigt, I, Sir J. Reynolds F. Danby, AR.IA. Sir P. Lwrenc J. Sant A. II Egg, A-ILA. G. Laince Sir D. W-ilkie, R-A. May evieedlaturay nd Mnda rpreceaing the day of sale, and catalogues hadl six days previously atlst. Phillips's offices. An Importation of beautiful WVork's of Art and Decoration, fine Bronzes, inlaid Furniture, and elegant Miscellanies MR. PHILLIPS is instructed to SELL by AUC. TION, at his great Rooms, New liond-street, en Thursday, April 24 and followingeday at IRreclsely. an assemblage of beautiful OIINAMIENTALFUiTNITtUHb, richly inlaid in buhl and masquetense work, comprising costly cabinets, bonheur dujour, commo-des and tables mnounted in the richest taste, numerous fine bronzes, including oriina woksby eleraed rtits sutesofclocks and candelabras highlychasedk andoglte in Jr-ouiu vasrre,sqof ofvreaandothr oreolne, svR.l lie-Ize IgurS ofber lnvworkmanshi,uncluin seveal fine wrSEfro tbe PAriUxhbTIOn at i faewrich AuwBuondcarpets and pTrtsere, Aricly car-e andI gislt 'thbe of CIEiNT wORTIaNshp sculptaurbe inmabl,7 n othe deITIGcoraie lbecte.Ma be oh Fariewe twEas'. irevicuds t the sale,n and Cil caaloues Sth. badn. b a iia 'thvaluabples;anciethrctures,pandutheiodefrnoDtchFlemcilsh.tand Fenchl Workscletdb onFire s. fCa~a-omn MAR.PHILIP ber s eiaveA toy anoucetht erm is Ifes eSEL yAChINathi GallryoNw Bond-mstreton vcaluable GA VI. der ofPAnTNS coleted byaon Firrd, Faq.: Tlcollection; the Natvitan Dscl,lent fro thdrencrs,icPlturesi; twoe mycapital eampls; and other clevern produtions:fo- tepncl'oh Axerheff A. VarderkGvlou A. LOnrucie Wafourm Mi Teys NetBanch (WP.i Dow B ackmysen . maycaialeworks byuvthefolwng, Comasersrodeat E%r. D,LLIS is directed to SELL by AUCTION,at AljGarraway's, Cormliill, on WVednesda' ld of April, at 12. a denirable LF.ASEEIO.D DW%ELLINGH4OUS,with garden. beinigNo.5, on the east rids of Robert-street, Commercial-road cast, held for an u- expired term of 31 years. atC £10gO, ground rent, and let as a boardinghoiise too ahgldly r cmable tenant at £28 per annum. Maybe view.: ed, and Catcla-otaiued of--Spicer, REsq., solicitor, 5, Staples-hinn at Garraway's; on the proniiscs ; and at the oflices of the auctioneer, 15e. Minories, city. Valuable Freehold Estate, on Maize-hill, Greenwich. Rent. for occu- atoorinvestment. 1if.ELLIS is directed to SELL hy AUCTION, at A7k Garrawny's. Coruhill, on Wednesday, April 23. at 12, (unless an acceptable offer be previously made by private contract,) a vr2luable FREEHOLD PROPERTY, comprisingan excellent familyresidence, withi coach-house. stabling, and grounds~, situate on the eastern border, and overlooking Greenwich-park; it possesses every accommodation for a, gentleman's establishment, having on the upper stories eight chambers and dressing room ; on the ground floor we -proportioned drawing room having five French windowrs opening to a terrace, breakfast room and spacious hail, wvith portico entrance; on the lower aitory, and on a level wNith the grounds, dining rGoom, library or sitting room, and convenient domestic offices ; alao a large room over stabling, affording facilities for additional servanta'apartments. The residence is atrpresnt occupied, hut early possession can be given if required. May bo viewed by cards only, between the hours of 11 and 4, and particularss, with plans and conditions of sale, may be obtained 14 days prnor to the sale of Messrs. Weir and Smith, solicitors, Coopers'-hall, Biasinghallstreet ; at Garraway's ; at the residence ; and at the offices of the auctioneer, 110, Minories,_city. Siecure LeaseholdlInvestmnent.-Kemito -4 ~R. ELLIS is dir-ected to SELL byA CTO ,a IkGarraway's, Comihiul, on Wednesday, April 2,a 2 nesa acceptable offer be Kreviously made by private cnrc,aLAE HOLD DWELLINtG-HOUSE. containing i om,wt adnu Mayuahe vieweod 14rdayeprio toyteale Pan-sreticulars wthe conditins, St. Katharine's Docks. M R. ELLIS is directed by the Executors of the late _ AlfredNewman, Esq., deceased. to SELL by AUCTION ,, at Garraway's. on Wednesday. Aprill23, at 12, in three lois,THREE FIREE. HOLD DWELLIIi (P-HO USES, with shops ;also a Plot of Ground in the re-ar, wvith sheds thereon, situate and being Nos. 112, 113, and 114 Roya Min-stret, ormrly osemry-lne:one is let on lease at a net rentof 27 pr anum;andthe the twoarein the occupation of respecabl teant, wh hae hld hesehoues or anyyears past at auctioneer, 150. Minories, city.uhtrs Stamford-hill-Leasehold Residence, with Coach-house. Stable, and Garden, held for IIlk years. free of ground rent. TFR. V. J. COLLIER will SELL by AUCTION, at ILthe Mart, on Friday, April 25, at 12, by order of the E-xecuters, a desirable RESIDENCE, semi-detached, eligibly situate, in front of thu highroad at he crnerof Gove-oad,onh best part of Stamfordroom, sx bd chmbes, itchn, culery,andoffces fore-cour and walld grde, a th extemiy o whch s acoac-ose and threestale sabe ithromsovr,andstbl yrdaproace from the sideroad Paticuarsmay horly b obaine ofGeorgfe am_p, n,. Esq, oliitr,159 Fncunc-sret; t heMart' and o fV. 3 ~. 'Westbeurme-terrace, Hyde-park-Two superior Family Residences, with Coach-houses and ltbig held direst from the Bishop of London for SI years, at the original ground route, and let on leases at rents amounting to £470 Per annum. 1iR. V. J. COLLIER wkill SELL by AUCTION, LtL t the Start, on Friday, April 23. at 12, in twro lots, by direction of the Elxecutors. TWO first-clara RESID)ENCES, eligibly situate in the best part of Weatbour-ne-terrace. being Nos. 23 and 25. on the east side of this splendid thoroughfare, Thes houses were erected in the meet substantial manner, and of the best materials, by the deceaed owner, and are fainihed in a superior style. Each house occupies a sit mesuing23f. y 11 t.,incudng hecoach-houses and stabling lhrader q. for tnuexprms fof m 2 1 year,dtmialbyheesest atheedo is ee r4yas tacerana rent of £215s.3d valual fuesaescheduled to the subleases, and wIbeicud in the purchase. This variable property offers an unexceptionable investment to trustees and others seeking a first-rate security. An arrangement could probably be made for obtainiing early possession of No. 23, if desired. Particulars may shortly be obtained of Messrs. Morris, Stone. Towuson), and Mforris. solicitors, Moorgate-street-chambers; at the Mart; and of Mlr. V. J. Coller, 3, IToorgate-street. Norfolk-atrect and North-row. Park-lane, andI Bury-street, St. Jameses. -The valuable Loasehold Property of the late Hugh Reilly, Esq. I1VL. V. J COLLIER has received directions to S LbyAUCTIO'N, at the Mart, on Friday. April 25, at 12, in lots, pursuant te a Decree of the High COuto Chancery, extensive LEASEHOLD PROPERTY, comprising the Dwelling-house, lately occupied by the deceased. situate 3, North-row, within a few yards of Park-lane: held for 10 years, at no annual ground rent of £620. A Famiy Reslidence, eligibly situate, 8, Norfolk-street. Park-lane: lield for 321 yw.rsat an annual groiind rent of £20. Severalsets of Coach-houses, Stabling, and Premises, situate in Harrison's-yard, Wood's-mews, in the rear of Norfolk-street, held for 29 years at low rents ; the spainoiis Premises, distinguished as No. 18, North-rowv, in the rer of the 13ricklayers' Arms, Park-street, comprisine double coach-house, hiarness room, a, very superior six-stalled stable and loose box, wvith dwellingrooms and lofts over, yard and premises-hii hiand ; also a capital fourstalled Stable,aidjoining, connected to the livery yard of 'Mr. Sheward, in Green-street. to whom it is let untfi Midsummer, ISGO, at the low annual rent of £21-tho whole hLeld for 19k years at an annual ground rent of £20: and a roomy Dwelling-house, No, 40, Bury-street, St. James's, wvithi three floors of wyorkshops in the rear, having a hack entrance thereto, held for 1Ik years at the low rent of £73 lOs. perannum. Nearly the w-hole of the above property has been utnantedI for many years, and therefore requires some outlay in repairs, biut its eligible situation, and capability of imnProvement, render it a promising investme4nt partierilarly as most of the premises are held under the Marquis of Westminster, who would doubtless grant an extension of tIre several leases on advantageous terms to improving tenauts. Particulars may shortly be obtained of Mfessrs. Norris an Sons, solicitors, 2. Bedford-row; at the Mart; and of Mur. V. J. Collier, 3.Moorgate-street. To Capitalists, Solicitors, Trustees, and others. MR.W. A. OA'KLEY begs to annou-nce that his next SALE by AUCTION, at the Mart, of LANDED ESTATES, Houses,&c, willtak,e lace early in May. Parties desirous of having their properties inclur?ed can obtain every information at Mr. OakleY's Offices, 5, Regent-street, Waterloo-place. Isleof"Wight.-Estate and Mlanor of Brook, eight miles distant from the principal mark-et town of Newport, and five miles from Yar- MR. W. A. OAKLEY has been favoured with . instruetions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart. London, on the Slay, at 12. the valuable and important FREEHOLD ESTATE, and Manor of Brook. situate on the coast of the Isle of Wight, in the parishes of Brook, Siothatone, Shalileet, and Freshwater, and comprising about Sas. Ir. 20p. of very fertile arable, pasture, and dow n land. Brook House, a comfortableand substantial stone mansion, of handsome elevation, surrounded by park land, luxuriantly timbered, pleasur grounds, stabling, &e., several farm homesteads, so desirably placed that tie estate may bh occupied asone or several farms. There are excellent preserves for game, and the Isle of Wight fox hounds meet at easy distances. The principal partof the estate has been in the possession and occupation of the proprietors anil their families upwards of 70 years, who have gradualy added to it, and it may nowr be pronoumced to be one of the most pleasantly situate, compact, and fertile estates in the admired Isle of lVight. and is particularly deserving the attention of gentlemen and Capitalist, either for occupation or investment. The parish church occupies a singular but very pictureslue situation, standing on a genUe eminence, a litte wvithout the village; the road from Brook wivnds over Slihalombe. Compton, and Afton Downs, from whose lofty summiits oble prospects are gained, particularly of the expansive ocean and the whole ramge of the Freshwater Cliffs, which are universaUy allowed to display as magnifieent and beautiful scenery as any part of the English coast. To view the estate apply to William How. Fsq., Brook-house. Particulars, with lithographic plans, maybe obtained at-the hIart, London; of MJessrs. WVoodrooffe, 1, NZew-squxare, Lincoln's-inn, London: at t';c Hants Telegraph-office, Porksmouth; -HPanh Advertiser and Independent offices, Southampton;* Winchester Joumnal-odlice, WVinchester *of the auctioneer, Newp;ort; or of C. lV. Estcourt. REsq., solicibor, Newiport.. Old Bond-street.-Superior M1odern Furniture and Effects, removed from the Pautechnicen. CHARLES J. BAKER has received instruc- M tIons to SELL by AUCTION at Robinson's Rooms 21, Old Bond-street, on Wednesday, APril i, and followinz day, at 12 forl, as assemblage of wel manufactured modern URNITURE, compsising mahogany four-post, Arabian, iron, and other bedsteads, capital clean bedding, k&., two mahogany. winged wardrobes, four single wardrobes, several sets of mahogamy drawers, marble top mahogany wasbetands, dressinz tables, cheval and toilet glasses, and chamber requisites, shower and other baths, set of extending dining tables, mahogany conch easv and dining room chairs, covered in morocco leather, sideboaro, dinner wazzons. Brussels and other carpets, several sets of window curtains, noble chimney and pier glasses, rosewood, loo, casrd, and occasionaltables, rosewood drawain:groom srulteaindamask, cheffonier with plate glass hack, rosewood davenport ebonized, an onnoulu cabinet bracket clock bY Webster, barometer by DollondL oseewood cottage uisaoforbe, china and glass, kitchen requisites, and mniecdllanous effects. hay be viewved the day p ionsly and moniiugs of sale, and catalogues had at tha room; and of Mr. 0.3J. Baker, at his cfflces, 21, Motcomb-rtreet, Belgrave-aquare. On. ViewTo-morrow.-Well-nmade modern urniture Billiard Tabe, with slate bed, Three Mural Monuments, Head-stones ~ and Slabs~, 250 pairs of Booti, and Shoes Stock of a Tailor and Draper, 312 dozen Moderator Lamp Globes, sand otherEffect4. R.ROBERT R~EID wfi SELL, at his Room%, Great Marlborough-street, on Monday, April?7, at 11 for 12 precisey, oden PUIE ull; copriingdrawing. Toom snite in withhangngs,bedde& w Choestsourf MorninWa-rm,Smallt'Learkehold Inesmed nvete.eto MR.ROBERT REID wfil SELL, at GarrawFay's, o byode1 fth sige,I I ursday,AilI,t2frpewl prL17E t1,AEHL LESASE. HOLD HOSE, No.13. Chpel-plae,Tnea Br raitonsauare, let. ata I retof19 Os.per nnm, ad hld frlyeas uexpred ata ground may e hd o M7ssc. lEchoa ad Car arsoicitors,m9,Coo's-curt Lincln'sinn;at arraay'a an of r. Rber Rewid, 4St ren;at Msrlborougb-streearloruthstr.t M1orniato-oa, een'sprk-el ecured Invesgamen usts,blei n les WIa et amountingte 5 e annu MR . ROBERT REID wfil SELT at Garraway's, on ThuradayA,prfl 17 atI2 forlpcechZ,aLa SE YHOLD E ATE, compisin twoan b resdencs, N st 5and 6,7ring ton-m grode, £7 peannm, nd o. 6, wichhasa cachhous siene and stbe,tW Sidmonacdg,reet Gat£si0prnnumo. EacHhouse and Sheld fihorean one ancd trau lfmproyea rs,iat R c dent of X2 l per annum, Th echused. Maybe ROeedByERTio ofI thel tenats. art Garr aywe ad' o aThursBarke, April so1cto, 87 rat 12f o rtcsland-Asteet,Oxord srodheel; fof anrs unlexpLf ters, and Young, 1at New-undrn, Strnd at arrahacey-"; n ofg Mv. Robert Reid.4ld,IGreatmerlborough-street. Ckgal amdentowd,A Famil Remotsidenet, Burthngardenoand tabi M. .ROBE,RT REID will SELL, at Garraway's,o ThrsayApi 17, at 12 for Iiprecisely n y lt, a COPY HOLD end coprsn a commodiousprfamil residenets.1, stninghthint Camgaden, cnonservatoerly, stbentgf, and oterot-uldings.a Thexpresdtene and a porionofthegarenareooyhld f te auod af Haumewthad suboec to fie n dat o alentin, ndth reaide isleseold,r subecta to agrond rnt f £2perannu.Imedite ofsesio ceabe had.a Theproert ma be'deed.Paricuarsmay be had of Walter Blarkner Farde,soitr, Re7.t' Gre-At PortandstrldIueet;eat Garrawp adu of Mr. RobertReid, 4, Grea Marlorugh-street. Ga wys and a Impoved roun Rentof £4 pe annrum, well secureds. 13JF. ROBERT REID will SELL, at Garraway's, byore o heMotage on Thursa,Arl7 t1mo rcslay, May L,at 2Ei hrLe lotsE, with ESDobE slpitat No..SD .eefidmsquthaterempto,Graes-inn roa,hel for Eq. antuexpredi tnof X5years atmm agond rentof £16 pears uroexirend, aagronrent of ;620per annum,hlfr 16 yatreestuexird Sande ampy scurd o 1 mesuaes,beng os.5, 6,An~rd-x1e7,THuntsreet InCacry.-"vsten Pag O.ccpton."-LeanleydIvsmet,Hg-street, 3lr Camden-town.anduare,Cesa;bmontsrdeeof Butoncrscnt R. FE' D RED IN will SELL at arwy' m at arrawy's,ordro thesa Hpigh Cour ofCaceynonTu da,spril 57, piate12yfo a preisly intolos EASEHOLD PEST modtersatepyarly 1rent f45 and hxediv forxan ulne,xpiredrter of er Set tagon ent Ef d5 Ws. of a fnm;nd atHue,r ih hp hugo 27, Garchmys,on TusreButnescenApU29 t , lyoreto tohMr Deoifa gatg7ereanu, and huesEoel disfor anpivtlyh unexpired temof4LearsEa o60yaatol S ground rent, of £3tl.prnu.Tehouseslmayble viewebyper-Y £30 per annum., Tottenaindcouetdfora66 yarsunbexpLed,e atr a germound2 rentof a6 Es. may,it boseviwdbpemssion of the thgpAm ellLonat Partic-tuase maydWbehadlos H.B.yuckMese, 27,B Eypace, MILborn at Garwa-'s way's; and ofnli. enertay Areidl 42, Grat aro'lborougih-ut reset.e in Alfred-ews, Thuros-sqaare lents thes RESIDENCE,oNo.c3, HerefA ordsqarte,l-bruipto Puletct onLaw,ouse, arete andrient of£i5hpe annum landou heldfrs8.yar lane d Coachhusy ithcroomsn nghover,hen ood , an e-mw.dhrl squromte, redsfrocuation ,n of the annuNoowchlaflvauof£5-atstall stable and partch-house with; rlooms over, en N.1,alr heldtor,7 yckar-stuepredt, atroagground renth of£a e anm h beashaldo HEsBtQuck,h Hesmita27, Ey-lache,tholon at Garmiutsawaylk anof thMr.whm RoetaReid,n4, Grnd coatboroughsto h et n reet Welingonsqure ChelSeYas;byreren intheMruteagee the ExR. uFrsED.th lODWe Mr.ill t SELL by AUCTION, r tispoeiseds,1nprivael,daysmAllLI6aSEHLDpreasTlATE,A c.Ompisn ESTAT127 coudr129, Sanley-treet,nSt George'srad; wiheld eaor unexpired terms of7dearhfuysitate Os. per house ground. rent. do.12gishlet asth£4 squmiare, Chlsackheldh forn7tyars; ground rent £10, candbets tresaigoo tenant atd s5 ervannumd. Th hadouses mray be viwe (those diccusoed byompermison),nen anudy sparticulas had oftchn., Weandthe Esqual 4,oBer-i nard-estre Rochhussel-qae and 3tb, gring-usteetlan,Chkpidcen atgarraway's; anld of es Mor.a Gedwim o. lakN-th 6.errsce Bire sune ro.,a h vaters o en-pafBrewery andumexapenrsiente Pl ant, 10-horstiae wer Steess.Yun,amcount-eant,Od Well -babrs n of fin Wte. D. At lGarmsay's autonTesda, April29r, atd 1aue, by, order f theam.rt gtrees, anc neit onrdspsdoypiaey.teuepie ES ofl60kyears th-on-hlyd1 grund tren, ofte thiss eigibe, ChiOPERTY; compriing tree-sory10qare bnrewenry, an fextes.v elrgyrs stbIng.D.woke' cotaes brewerY tap; toeterwithre -wthemode and sreayctioa short nthce toxeputor inoful wothe lat rm dais t ELma be AUCewed,andaticulars noIada the berewerye tlap:ofat Hlos Whte. h2pead,isely, th Cahitehad'HOS-goE,HeLsea aNTUR Grawa's EndFMr. Gowi,f3eHkn-terrand, Bie-igros ave-sare whourins antesdto thrbeat for th sale ofur thresamfate b rivbeco ntract. pWs aen Tottenhwam-ordrobschtad.f-dawbers Leasbe foranter oth1 ears washtalos crpents, itheh. ofe thsewo- daw grmsm welle,knownmubic- ouse and, Win ocasiola.-ByMendothrs ablesand chiLES,tufGearrawavered Corshite, paonfWedesday, Rof.april 6h.ater 12r o'lok withouti resere. gasdaalaidsum rcnlyepnewidthron cuxmaindiongypaedts finlorlbsiness fevery accommodatirons fortrandetnsv brusinelsscawhich the situainronm must albarys commaind Mgay bexviewedin unilgthsable, inand patiular had;e asotp of Wbaire, solraicitofr,Bacmedan-strezet,,orough;anysdofte. auctioneers, Westminster-road,r, urveamb.thn hourcmaese, erected,andlcoedihnthers-oss larst,ou yearns.,80w MESSRS. VENSoY and SOILES wilstreLL by valabe LxeASto,wifthepossesso for. WMan nDeire term9FJ bywa~ Aof 17Iear, at the rlow rients adofning pher Cannum.rThe prembestree well placed for business on the r B Nekelso,OdKn-road, athcoerofnh Motnded, latedand aiyincrasingneigbourood,and enlytw minutes' walks The smale, andptarticularsehald; alsopeaty,Gnaxrws ofe MrieWar, sel-5 elo lckmany.ordetr Borough; anduor of the lautiowneers,1,Mut T/fROMLAY RandSON hareee instructed by the ecn J2LP Exeutrs of th e late Owre, Adam to SELL by AUCTION, athAuion 1athe Premises, on tedesday, April6 at 12 preinseKly,atEsEHOLDa ESATlE, cmriss a ghentbleismanlyi rtrea withant eas access o tos,deiHtfUlySituat iNo3to in ow Iruds,tan disotinushredt anthe Hermtag. Badkoat cotaiingfou betabed;th chamers doresin with tatury mable ante-pie~a cherfu bow wiindtyow, dthe &c.hel on eas fora trm o whch 11yarsareunexpired,T at th very lw rentof £50per anum; atresentin han,Cbutestmaed_to ~Onuc 'iw.Hyen e£10par-ereannum. ~'rI1e s anHcarseho 'd-ewmay IturA. Cabisay, Pauctiontee, sureyo,and vabluer, 79,rging Filliam Dnigs &c. anBokcs, nrvns adEfcs ESSRS. LOKWOOIhasreeinstarurted byithein cos ro teExecutors of thDto, s. eclatedMrs Aasto SELLbyAC bAUTION, on the P'remises, 7 onagthetermitg, Byl-ackhet, losemorrw the 0 Lewihar Statin on Wdneday -Apr16, anoloigda,a prisng bdstead, bdding,chsts of drwers,marl e-tep'a-n-d-otb'e riw-ash- the premises ; and at the offices of theoutoer,I,Brodpao Hyide-park, and44, Upper Baker-street. The magnificent Effects of the Turkish Exhibition, St. George's Gallcry, Knightsbridge. M/R.rPAUL is instructed to SELL by AUCTION, IL on the Premises, as above, on Monday, April 7, and follourng whol in onellt,t ismtinterestingp advlal OLCIN Eatofern csumres,esenely,tohehgs Orieewntaintuesfeiltce s ar,ean Cthelogye, th.eacSultan indmivan toa perhan, thy e eebatd ox-de rawn carae the Wrntmroroftehae, soUo,4.laveobazaar,he.lMr. Pand resib ale, ainethe oneened limits14 Sofaneadstrtement. odvpeteaid Richbmond SurreyTo Brewers Distillers. Mdaltsters, Capitailsts. and ehers.-TShe Rcmg ond Brewry, etablished for upwards of 200 yearis, with its Fixed Plant, and IF excellent Inns and Publio-houses, in one tot. MR. PIGG0OTT wBil SELL by AUCTION, at the Auction Mart, on Tuesday. May 6, at 12, by order of the Mtort. Waees, under power of sae, the BREWVERY and 13 INNS, in one lot, Th Grayhound Hotel, the Roebuck Hotel, Dwelling-house and Cottages, at Richmond, and the Chaise and Horses, Cottages anid Shor, at Smallberry-green, will be sold in seDusate lots, oni the same day. See for full particulars in the Daily News, the 18th, The Times, 19th, or the County Chronicle, 2-5th of March. DesermtTes niartienJars and condlitions of sale are prreparing, andl may be- obtained at the Auction Mart, London ; of Messrs RiciRards and Son, solicitors, ZCrown-court.Old Broad-stret ; of Wiliam Smythe, IEs., solicitor 12, Serle-street. Lincoln's-inn ; of Messrs. J. andC. Allen. solicitors, 17.z(Sar_ lisl-steet,Sob ; o Mesrs.Tooo. Hlloes,and Price, solicitors, 39, agen, Gerge-tree, Rihmon, Surey.N.E.The 18laeold hotels andlicnse hosesmaybe ad y te prchserof the brewery by ~alutiou acordig toan greeent o b entredinto, inmoedia'.Iely Mile-end.-flesrlsble Lea5ehold Estate, for investment. VIR. MO0ORE will SELLS by AUCTION, at the shrday. April 18, at 12, HnUSo andg (with owitho densdjoinng; adia rivt ouse, With3 gadith Garen.!. a 2tee, each Fitursincudein he urchse.Paricuars ofe tolln The.No Zsq.,MslicitorgateZ A. ocmpaterbuldaebold Broad-strgbeet f tor s M R. MOORE wil SELL by AIUCTION, at the Mart on hurday,Air 10 t 1. intw lots, With bonsctko the Mortg oree, ddlW x sirrome&HtS}x witede desmed.d2 nArCTheIOll-gate No. linte ocupaton o ve'~or No.2, lt at£27 twonlnts,1 payick-bufet term 7 yers; roun ren £6 sacl. Fiture inclded-ae in the 13r- M'lart; and,a teoucilnessyffceatMleen-rad Cmneardal-road-t.-The neompact Freseholdac ase elogibl for Thepat. tent. MOORE willSELL byAcitIONtheart th at the Mart ; and a h ucine' offie.Ml-n-o Barilen-FeadLehold Estate,sprducinb£35 per annusm,eivngt. e M1~R. MOORE will SEILL by AUCTION, at the ITtMar, n Tursay Apil 10 at12,intwo lots, W zbick-loomed HOUSS, al nerly djoiIng,situte 7 and 10, Golenlne,1topl3, and18 o 2, Backey-tret, nd to , Siths-curt l Ptecgoodfay Mahrt; d a and at the autoer' fies ieen-od Valuaberiahold.-Threeinew-bilotaResidncs eachdlot foreed oceup- iLR. IIMOOREY will SELL by AUCTITIOt ate MtLr on aThursdayday April0, at 182,THRE mrer ftet sltniagl dxesirfl stuae, Nor5 andrg 7,ves Aion-txerrace, Courcabl-road,g Limeouse: let toreeat Rslle trenats at£4eysreannu teach1-tre, teants ayinoa-ltarest. termand7e years: grounandg frent05toI Particulrsoft. BernlLEs., slicior,10,Fchuch-bildegsecutor, at thley-Mart;et, at the auctioneers offices,te, 166-enermoads Eolir-gibl,e aeLTw Freehold Cottagoue,ad-a rdemd-es,wihmardens, Mil. iSlT E wwilSEL byL b AU uTION At th TIO ., n Mndy,April 7at10, at 12,a ys brick-builft CTDAE,wt rNt aLndbcGardOUS,S pleasanrdy state, inshNoue-h in tn ic ofd Grouendadronin, suimoabley neortbilin edCeralcttage'. thereon. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ rntl Particularsofesr.MoxadWt,slitr, a0,1d aToth Moart;anatthe auctioere raits xonice,milge-end-road.rs W SRSen.-FULeaeoEstate,deial HO fYre insea runen cl torR SMOOE llSL by AUCTION, onaPe----Gog-tet, therd Itret Musart, oThrsday5,Arl0 at 1 2ilt, wintwou lots.re TWO ai-oomedRO andoSTE-r,Ltat£9ec.Ao andn M EY hocuseing0the s reS le bats f0 tons; Gtffroudsuficien for toree hrou'ses,ritog7 Dtevosie-,ostreet eandstheand TaluableFreeS. hold asuilings, Frontages, ln-a redeemed M eRS mFndLEySRry bnHReing athe Secon Portionoflthewabbey HonWed T sGPLtS,t in Greh atsell-steet S ieytr refod to SthevenssrIeet, andu ags,anlaeaso from 560kan tyoad,0 yards suprthim l Pqarticular andhu tlans Paymbe hdomf grinin oSWpFickon the executor,i 1a Roaiey-steet eowndse dan Phillsips, coffllco t thae, elstate,a1s6 deiermonfsr cuthee.eat THnhre mM siciomr,ies Eastar roodia-habrso, witheladengslI stpree;atusfo h Garraay's and ofte autoner, 6ecn,l fiteadnihal-troeet Eligble reehld Dellig-huses lan-taxredemor.Becontrdseyal ~~~~~ by~~~~~~6 os pobwc Ac- newly-bilts DWELLIncmmnG-OsES ihyrdannahhue.a Brootcotreetiand Sitevn-teth enodt,nateOdhrh e at £460 per ~a annu,i otl n te etl,Priuar and ermilondtrey, th Sxct. orhnMrPhllips, oellectoFrntom ther estate,s6 sormofndee-astriets an. Eigred 20 atouncesoliciter, 17.Esex-street, Strs Bok~and;M.Tma HEfphet o a, FI Goliito, 14.Eatorniay-chanabrs, LMAeenha-onet Mnat, GAprilwa' and fofoig o the autone, r1 eadsen. TroseCoadhchaiths, Buid oers mits 3nrqunerionanddotherr biuIyelegRSt y ULLE and sUe aal,crtRSET crmoain stricped ditJ.to, SeLLep by aUCTOd onercapthe PremEises Gerge-strpaeet Oxfordastreet, Tuesday,s caprilieras1, inlots, writhout reserve, 100batons ant ahnd STELamnds IROtMofdnGR,icding tbe e ten SC baee , 6 0 tons1 fpais, 10magswouganhtand ctutfe inails,o20 bags horsfais, e00 grost wood prrewsta tnsidcoil, crate pand lssi cain 2ac ton burrs,washers, aende bel irings, doube purchags oie rb,d seoeral pirnfclocigansomit irn and brass foueaves,tlc and Arbright besteapldvcs, mthanvilgs, paimers spaidesg andershovels,mand aingenea assrortent ofst ionmongwerys,T mablevewDp Talo erth.-At. TmhGomas' Mills, St pr atford, asel-y secured,.o aFshLLerm.B anHRSEY MAtO,tthe MatBarthonemnes-daye, ont Wed TT~H Lase andGoodwil ofoarte amn Corensive, Lsitute inMarshGatelane,Stratord.on' th rive Lestoea,aou by ai, cpale f ridin 80 aa pe wek and ine anlcait Ewell count-tryweat. Thmienmill.comprisesabltoe roomtsin roof,e byt loadingt appratu from retheB river MAchiNeor, rtteetyfte with o tWod silk thooringeain oo codiion eginahus, 16ors powrkscondensng teamengne,24 hrsepowr hihopessreastea Clengiestwee tubuar seam oiles, sith' sho, stre tareoue fof two ralnas, carentr' shp,stalig fr egh hose, caie ad an houses Themil ha ben i ativ wok fr mre graee halv entury handom fRom itGstutOn commanS ang etenov trade, knwnhic,ayt convcare onL atv lesUxenetha-n at -mostr othnermlsaond ondon Authen fixe nciiesystretoincudrdi the puchause,i whic ha;so po-beenu im proved andemodrised) by3 the, Apresent teant at ancsey texpDenso severtablethousand pengeds Tobeffviewr tillthe slat-le, Particularshad oendters prmsets; at theos Castle Tavern,s Mabr-leane; atr the auctio mart; of M ~~~~~~~~~~~;of'essrs. M,odadSenn.slctr,Lno-tet and f Mssr. Flle an Hosey 13 Bilitr-eree, cty. Shrir Hamlto-terac, S. Jhn'-wod.Exollet Frniure Parolobeus,. J~Lroewo chars ad couhes,margetCre.lsea, and Gothe glses putgass chandeliers,a30daygParsiandicelokalabaseran chn Rnamnts s%et E dNin tabesU fEet by 4AfeT6Inche, 1 Mpate mhisgrany chairs stfe Kin morcco, aoTndtsoas,1 exclletDAfee aordeirns thlegetinsofnn bedkeahFrootur, inldngEfc9o handoemased seealel-AdeHwinged L wrobesyhet ofUdrawer, marble-o washtns. ceva glases cabn sfas,preses bThusda, hAlrl chir, St.. Jobn'e-woocd.-Superior Fuxrniture, Buhi and Nfarqueterie Chieffo- nier and China Cabinets, fine-toned Pianoforte, Proof Engravings. }~J R. TINDAL is instrce oSL yAUC- DINThG ROM SUITESof couches and chairs in silk, mororco, andl satin hair cloth, leo, card, and sets of extending dining tables, pedsta siebardandboocae, arg cosoe and chimney glasses, carpts,rugs feder andiros, mhogny our-poeit, Arabian, and Frech edsead, bds nd eddng,winedand gentlemeni's wardrobe, cestsof rawes, arbl-to wasatads,toilet tables, choral To Prxinters. Newspper Proprietors Printers' Brokers, &-c-Importzan1t Sae ofeFers Ioton of the Austin Foundry, 1llJESSRS. DEW and KE'YSELL. pirintera' nacie tinmand valuers, wil SELL by AUCTION, on the Pre: mises, M2. Alderogate-street, wvithout reserve, on Tuesday and Wednesday, April1l5and 16, at 11. by ordeP of tha Executors of Messrs S. auit P. SharwoAd the FIRST PORTION of their extensive STOCK of PRINTING MATERAIAS ; consistinz of several tons of new typo forboowok ad obbng facyleter theedouble-crown machines by Npie andDi~den sevn ion pesss, ix copper-plate ditto, 4jinchramhydauli, to fy pesse, ion nd tone imposing surfaces, [frams, rcks,de., nd eesyahele equiao Prainting estbllshmen. Ctaogus,wit prntd secmen ofth tye,maybehad on Ashley-green. midwaybetween Chesham and R3erkhasusted. 1~IR. W. BROWN~ bas received directions to SELL ItL y AUTION at he rownInn,Chesam,on Tuesday, April 15,at . uwars f 60 fne AK,Ei, Ah, leeh,and Cherry TREE, mny f lr7e imesics. he Ok sandng,and the remainer elld ad ling ponFlasted Frm,in the occupation of Mr. Bensifi Care,and i theweed adjining,mot coonveniently, mct-s subject to' the uisual conditions. To e iedbyalig esAllen, the woodmianupnteett,owhmcaogs many beobtained. CataloguesaloathRyl te,rigSton Hing's Axms, Berkhanmstead; Rs n rw,HmlHmee gsacv of sale; andI at the officesofM.WBo ,ladgt,Tig Ilorden-h11l, Lewiabam-road.-Pnrnitare rin good conditioni),Caio Pianoforte, and ther Honsebold xffectr; s.also two Phaetoos, aBafg Gelding, and Hamne. "pSBS. RUSHW-ORTHand JARVIS 'will SELU irb AUCTION X c the Premises THIS DA-Y April 4, capital modern MURHMT3 ; iuchading fouy-poet and Arabian winged wardrobe, chest. of twawes, washxt&nds toilet an setsa Vfmehagar uhis,ofal andl lc, etr .d osraiona, tals, Sbo lolese, kchmbei-g the l pes a hatd~~ aLnd kxsattch icor.c1isyeeai~ n te seu epry bdw edl AUTh ON aajters ah d G .alle usa hi d U aies th rmsesr Fit atteof-fuaess on Tusa,ArilhoSt and Jarloin.- day c-ons equenesf thewog View,-B beentiu dculptured in) marbe.fnoLdBoe, highst qalit inopg C ustr sand oTherd arls,oie pcmno aNd. 2o. Atbteirplacle, in Jonivs-w ty-sThee byLo whose ur-o a roy-sUeare,o Tresidayc, theprinc,pand folliowng da'Pe witin tohqune ofthe remisesbhavingbentdirpofsed on) ARBL STaha UES ane cSIUntTcondigroup, bue F rsts andvases designed fusromtes antique,. 3ndeothes, b-y Femrvne otSider Scuptors, aok. n elcton f in Zledtrones alaroprdate tedWsals,mosic andGlaidslabs,asomesueriorspeimn ofe piaglol wodrk, aFlRgaNdTUREtly copecioing o higlyenhdmsrichd( chmeybleachimeautiecel desigedwithcgrpet, tasteand exeutked inrpever 2varietby of feset,umarhid. Spnihabheogmanyioning vibllas, ehpnbirsadi aw nduofgean-dit inshmortocan Jathe, Saviele-ratwn diegentsrewet, a 19 Cavnge-allbey,as Ctrbile,hUftigl.boal palh- ,1 thd reeyars Arbyan bhedseminet wirmho Jamako and chrazha,and ing e- celntcndiwutaion, fen Paictures,Prints, tClocks,e Luanshr mandoanmont, a maliserece f Siver poon, marbs, topLdis, toetlectro ~ lte nd latd Wrs,Chna.Glas, nd ariusEffets. ,St ~~ESSRS.RUSHWORTHandJARVISawillerw SeLL teCapital modern FUaNITURE, aompriesbyeingFenth dmake, windoube cdo ap yEt himney-glases, beuiu vle-i apt adozerior cTurey carpes, 21d netuym3eetns usoflsd Sp nanihmenahoan diningtabe,1carn twAnUCgTdItON int moeroc leathe, an3 elevad-tingt dinear thwaggn davenporT, DV ba ast tale hi fitti pngs, vashonabe Sapianis maodem andBrasAabUE;ianbedsteds wraitdamas founpst chntz hangings, and wineowcurndbmings wnsite, gbedding cmlt, twordfineSpnsh mwesashon garen hai. ion ollr, nd the efect. ay benc taewed. on ab gnstetaNd. 1, Change-a roy, treeb itzoysl,Le "FSSRS. OXENHAM and SONS will SeLLivbd BLbyAUCTION. at theirroomis, on3 Oxford-street, . narte Pan.r etans, c,walut.ree roewod nd ahoany i exoellent rofair, nets seretlse, crtais, hrmey-lasesxean,potaed, and pariccolo No o.5,Mp Uppero Fitzrysret , Ftz lt-qurrMoy-sqnart IESsRS XN A and SONS have receivccl insrucios fomthe Execuitrix L of the- late B. Ted, Eso, t SEL by AUCTION, on the Premise., on Tuesday.-, pril . at 12 for2 Iocokpunctually, the LES ftexverydent bl HO EEHO DECEU(wITUR ins. mludingepoesession) m Upe itz,rnplnfro- tret=, fv oom fromn Ftroy. sqiar, pannbed withe everyroeg dardooert, wstandsin excll1 entrepir, htid freqansunexpired tuermofu32years,datrverenowlgroundtrent. t bo huemyeviewed othond ntiiedthe sal(Sndaysr enceptesal, and particoulas had; also of W. L. Donaldson. Esq., 18.io, 9 Southaimpton-stretBooms. buy-msburysqure; and at Meesrs. enhxne obfics, ofi13 , Oxford-s.et Ere,near th e Pantheon. smautfl Servie mofdelegantPlate, Plthed Aorticlesand Effets GI'E SR. ROBINSONis indsOrutSc tov SEceLen instuctins fom te Adinisdatrxgo theslte of Traed,Es 1 'lc uculy h excelle enttHOUEHOL UicTUense inchars ndabes,fou-ps th and oterbedsted and To ain ofsubdin, anobe wngewadroe,tdawers, wAa eatdndes, &consmallusertio ofe elegmtblaedand platedn aroticles,na ne fw ook,hna glaSs,uthWtedmes ha; yls ofCTION, Doaldon theq sorlictr, onWdedy South9,apton-2treeBtadofomhbu18tsquaso andios atdMessrts.Oedanis' ofielos, th3, Oxford sftreet narbthe PanPThe .on. h s iatdvdeo E4Dpranm Beautifulup largeof9 moearn Manmodeat goundth orth ment chringly IncuhedRSDCE in twoty n aictresqu andacalty onfferovroing theaitntsa andiniU oppletent fordr Pa frstticulastfrmethe Marticlme Le., Wilso ehand Ersow.esMoo Cota-nidins aDoe, with edordersoto view, from el Aucs;theat:adfhaioneer,s4Nwodsee,ad, UpperBaedfrd-sreet. GFr. 1.m] Wes , loll-mSqade Pinforiltre, yBodo and Effects. 3MR .GEO. ROBINESO is iStELLed AUToISEL by the1'e Premise, E tet,Cambride-pdace CambrdgWe-terrace, AprilaResdncTHI DA,f pi the de th,ed at. 103, Ebr-theeFRTt.elraE anld Ef-r F7eCTs, whichy coperis bedstead and bedding,Prechests of draweth, wsh-etsotand, dressn atabesangases a wir b teecHnge Hadobse,oleo aund cardetables,chnair,glassa dito,coeds, pedestalesidebodard, retiof inn and thensle areq oulstsay beveeatedypro,ad catalogues o ess i n hDi ond theicitremes, and Henrfr.taeotrebtnsCavendish-s,u21, OldBend-st. Hanres,-ValctnnbeerlongaLeastheld ivetmoand tt:AaLcinsed re Poblice-hGousvenor-tetwnesthe Eatn-sqae, s and Two Paigsrset ofesub- The Bakbedonan Staion,se about sevenwile of n te soth-abesternl M ESSRS. WOO lliaA llentBOTSERS,yAwI0X SELr barwy,nodyAUTO, At thel Mar%t,honLEdnesdympild9 at12WInof thestabovsedPROlpErTicote estimated vHPaluefn42 uperxd annum, esigchs oppoirtny for aek first-aeinvestment. Pariclas, &n apbe, mayon Arms theMart andof he actioeers 0.Bedord-r owGrdat'st-inn, and Park-huse, Thorhill-road,andington ~IRd~e~)of te xcutos ofMrs.Eliableth Ln.Dtceased, on4 ao nd inte12 Iur ay,fothem valuable GROUd othe SE. ofi n the nto ReidnE Ofh deeaed CO. 13,EbTry-srecet.ivedinsructihedors flras to nlMy eAUCTIO, andth Businsess Peremises Ro,elzbethIn. STOeetouth,mlela FU NDlaeRY Alomthe excelentrHouehfolFurn-hos tuwre lieanen,gcine, gls,and bier,fetsoMyUen turiewated Monda prevtiouso smithe salge. atclr and catalogue of bel essirn rogs. Simpson fand o bHaines, aqucutioners ofrgath-s trelt city;rald catio theautioneerans ofraces, trosvenror-stretlest atdion-squares, and 12,tio Highusaeet Kend aineton. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ rnd-neo io fae To Bker an Mler.LaseandGoowil ofand otestabirnushedfull-ro pric Bakr'sShop ConutstretAwst, Padding an. seu jW SSRS. ROBERTS and OBacohinstraducted bys Gurray's,on Moday, pril 1, at12, teoLEA e sand.GOOdWILLa of an estabished fun-pice BAKER'SHOP,abakin upwards of 2 sfacs ofhoursper week,mesiomdes s oall goodles,n crapa rbleofon- sideraleheSersio ein Jverye deosirbl situate, Da.y. Sar'n-le e ourn-tes rome, thye-park.ei af higlye-sresecta-ae Canderapidly onprovngesigyhbourilooad. elfouranUoimnexpmreSildteysf earsted, ata temoderte rentarliteraybreofewed parenticlr had, atok suiack'seforhousent, Mark-lte;ate Gaura,an's extMenssrs. harles rume nd SonBble, solicitoSers10Biolles.drasurebo;andatMeesry.ohnrtofsaznndob'ofinding 2.M rgthe-stondpreti, ft Bank. artU oksle dc To Engineers. ralonfundm ,Sih,adoerous.enihar, Knt powerlsteam engine a ws ndbilr cellet tring lryathe th eargecstionk of smith's forgeiandtwompairiof bhellowsca, clsiro.ndtroughs, blstefan, vbol fraes,twrotypeairotsaestandironweights, tlfheoersction of,funce and pNipeswtted. audcalonushafoandrign,captlgiddn on ironicframe, Hith-strvn weel, aCargterquantity of scap 'anduother ireeon, Estaefuio p Ripes, avrietyofsmoildl ande tote effcts CO sITONa bomngAnduseful inch-hee ActoMart, Fxreemaso new TaeratigCantrbuny, and othnersmasloguer had at th pmcpainin the nfenonpeieig,hesbsthodantia thec-bpltco rate;andg of the a rucineeloralrg andsuvyr baridsomcshom 0ft.ep Mie4anydThousnd toluese of modgerand Books.Btitbles Payer-booke, Chuao'lrch Szerce, Juvenlare Btoreoks,tc.-Fid flys Sxale,twtr closew. ROoms the scorne or tof lee-srgee and Ctareey-lane ronm Wen tebsdaymApilt, axtndsfou following datsr(SundayseeTheterot.ta hallf-ast ha2,n an thousndein vppoaume ofrmoden tsrOOKS, including th .emost pouledarnliercanture fith prelsen day. bhookts satirable o RpresenTs, illustraedlworkis,c, reanrexensie asorinarmet of Bibes,yp Cfheri Series, 1acmad Chaner-bok, tevr varetyofnis and b-inindig.ac breingte sHendtporertionof Thepstockiofaretaiebokeller dsiuaeiing thef bvus,ineslonumoserousandcopiertofmodeprinnovels,tvoyage and ctraes ocf fatromry a wsnd haebcircultiniranc ro, and alarge stuck ofe book drinqies, coi m prisngthfuologppical,it lspiLand ather,mefullboos, wthewstererotyemltherWoKngt'itorialy THalf-ous,de4ivolepr, ec. Ts breveweld, andi catalooguestforwre en appblicaspetion. eRn% Hras igh-steet CandForwbod,wholeso alube Fraioee hold Rlte.ac tca ts M Cdfrt e ODariulr andcer itnstrfsatonsy berom taie( at the Auction Mlart, n Freas h on'taersn, Canterbury; on x Lednsay. FaacsreEHOL ofWELLIKnG-HOtS, Wetot.2,Hihsrd Canterbury;ofteac tiontaining Momntegroundcrfloors, lareadpardsom shopdon, at. doleep, atpivae; etano eswith good ballad St ,staidtrcse, Dovreur.aot1 t square,St Pandlbhin thescayarge.andponvenint kaeo aitche and cillQ y botheit suictables ofittings. u nthDolrsTo xee mragndfickn drawin roomsof lrge ize,two rge toreclostsan an pexcielle nt watEr. In te bsemet, xteniveand xcelentcelarbe. Then front( cellr, avin a onvnien aproah frmtePsrety, Wasufor manyyrrs ued amreban~swinvauli, forwhic itois adirbl On view. Catalogues as above. N.B. Money advanced onevery do. 51=1111 111. for positive and immediate sale. Out-door sales On viewr.-A capital assemblage of high-class Pictures, Regent GMT 1ery 1R.GARCIA wfil SELL by AUCTION, as above, TPXHIS DAY (Friday), April 4, and To-morrow. allI precisely, wilthout any reservation, a very choic COLLECTIONI of CABInEC PICTURES, formed by the late proprietor during a long residenoa abroad, and among which are particularly worthy attention-Holy Family, attended by St. Joseph. Ghirlandilo ; Inn Door, Barent; Goa. aeryellhtfl pecmen Hoy Fmil'.grand effectof candle. ligt, . Hnthrat GrndLanscae ad Fgurs,Ruysdael; and Cuyp fi. Teniers Rubens Claude Berghem Ostade Jan Steen Wyckc,kc. Cataogus my b hadat he allry,71. Regent-steet.- To Famnilies Furnishing.-Under an Execution-T-TO houses of aupe- rior Furniture, including two costly Drawring-room Suites. elegant; Velvet rile Carpets, several Chimney-glasses two brilliant toned Cot' tagsC Piankofortes iuwalniut and roswood cases, &C. ; also an officer's Camp Furnitiire, including a handsome Brass Bedstead and Haag. in S. Bagatell-bar,Iron Safe, and other FEffects, MRB. IZ08 b'egs to announce he -will SELL by AUCTION, atthe Rooms, 69. Queen-street, two doorE from Newy Cannon-street, city,where the prpertyhasbeeu removed, THISDAY. A'Pril 4. atl12 Punctually, the above ; ooemprising two elegant drawing room suites in walnut, solid rosewood costlv Cbffner ite wth plat-e-giass backs and marble tops, rich carved IeO. oblong, card, Occasional, andI other fancytabler, noble glasses elegant velv-et pile carpets, bronzes, two brMiint toned piano, mausic can-terbury. anda numerousm Otheritems for the drawing room ; for the principal bed rooms, lhand. some carved Arabian, four-pot,ad brass bedsteaids andbhangingr, elegant toilet andwingedwardroes dres-sing andI clieval glasses, bed. se,chest of drawers, wash-hand-stands, fittbigs, &-c.; the dining room lazndlibrary fumitureo includes sets of stuffed-hacked and Other Chair.s lounges and indulging chairs, noble sets of telescope dining table bendsome cared-baxck sideboards, rich pattern Brassels carpete anf rrgs,dinnrad tea aervioes, proof Prints, hall chair and hatetand, a nofie' cam p funiture, &nd nunmeroususeful effects. Maybe viewed untji 2 'clock, and catalogues had ontho premises; and oftho auctioneer, Fenton-place. ______
