DEATHS. On the 10%h Jun a, Dinapcre, aged 10 mnonths, George oe] Eano,i nncldoGe, Saunder, Moq., ox the 7th Regiment On the 23th ult,, M y John, only _on of the late Henmy IaL- y icd9son. of Woolwim. In his 7th year. Cy On the 4th its, at Guernsey. La-a3 Blette, daughter of the Re+. J. W. Dolignon. Onthe Sth rnst.. attrighton, in her Olet year, Wilhelmiina, widow of the Lite Willisn Newauan, Esq. On th3 6th Inst., at the Vicarage, Great Grimsby, Lincolaihire, tho Rev. Franel Thoms Atwrood, near of that place, and of Hammer2mlth, In the county of Iddlesex, aged 67- On the 7th inF,, at Cawder Hume, Glasgow, Robert EBird, Hsq., of Auchtnedden, Lord DeaT ot Guild at Glasgow. Oa the 5th Ist . at her residence. 40, Keppel-street, Rusrell-equre Blcom, youngest daughter of the lates Lewis Asarous, of TuIse-hll.I On the 5th inst., at bis reidence, S. St. Masy'e-equare, Inabeth, Lientenant-General Phiips Hay, in his 83d year. On the h inet., at Grove-street, file-end-road, Ann Manwarring, relct of the Iato John lanwareng, Esq., aged 77. On Sunday, thelOth int., at Sndbrole Cott3ge, Ham, Hary Webb Wasaker, aged 7P. On Smndayd the 10th inst.. at 20, Claremont-terrace. Pentonvie, ater much offaeing bone 'with resina.tion, AL Gideon Hussey, of 1e, On the 20th in3t., in Pembroke-square. Hensington. Stephen, the only child of O. S. P,ommd, rsq., of linnohns-inn, aged 14 weeks On the 10th inst.. at Bushey-hill CamberwelL, Ada, daughter of Mr. mad Mr Jamea BsiE3, in the 9th year of herage. On the 11th inst, at Hastings, Eliza, the beloved 'wife of Charlem Cave Ayles, aged 24. On the 11th inst., at Comptan-terrace. rslington, Eli2sbetb, wife of Mr. Joeeph Taylor, of Clement'e-lane, city, agzed4D On the 1th Iin-t, at his resideece, at Bayewateri Thomas Hopper, Esq., oc! Connaught-terrace, in his 79th year. On the 1lth inst., at his resIdence, No. 1, Avenue-road, Lewishamn, M1.r. Robert cott. aged 51. On the 11th inst.. at Vernor. late of Wigsht, Emily, wife of the Rev. Charleton Alaxwell.rector of Leekpatrlck, county Tyrone. Ireland, and daughter of the Hon. Richand Bonsonby, inte Bisbop of Dery.. On the 12th inst., EdwarI Yates, Esq.. of 30, Compton.teoe Islngon, and 60, B ican, London, in the fish year of his age, meet -dccpy regretted.' On the Lth inst., at Sonthall, aged 56, Wi1liam Randall VIckeis. } iq.. Baker-eTeet, Portman- oere. He died beloved and regretted byall who knewhlm. On Tuesdaymorning, the 2th inst, at Norwood. Frances Elinabeth, Wrconddaughterof Sir Willi Vesner, Bart., BLP.
lis iLONZON GA zz2TX of rt&dy, Aug.-2. WHIATXHAL Aia., 9 e qn hu been pleedo a oit ColonelWil;t C'hz*2Zt1"kt and leute ntd fvolmWoodford to bo Xapectoen under the Act. to rondr more offectual, the peo i comai &nd hw h E i nglldand Wales." Auou~iri I The Queen ha beein pleased to give and grant unto the mdermlentioned offlieeg Her Majesty's ?oyal licenoe and they znaj ac.ept and wear the Mlitary der ofSaoy, conferred non them by Elib Mmesty the Xigoa Erdinia, as a mark of Hs Majestys approbation of isur iinguisfied services before thie e.nemy duin the W.e wr, niz:-: Loeisten5aut-Gesl air wmiam Joln Codrington, KC.B., the Grand Crs of the said Order; and unto Usm-Gmenrl Sir HAiy DMaidJones, XAXB, Major-GeneSira chard JamseaDsse, i.B, MXjor-rGoerl Sir Henry William Barnard, x.aB., - Major-General Sir Richrd Aireye. X.OB,, and or-general C RaiesAah Windham, CaB, the Cross of Commander of thie irst Class of the sail Order. The Queen ha aso been pleased to give and grant unto the iundermentioned officers Her Maiess Royal licence and permiEeon that they may accept and wear the Order of St. Maurice and St. a conferred .upon tberm by Hlis ajesty the King of Sardinia, as a mark of His Ma- ,est's a ^pprobation of tleir dinguished services beforeothe enemy duringtheakte war, viz..- - Lieutenant-General Sir C?oln Ciimpbell, G.CiB.,the Grnd Crosscftiie saidOr2er: anduanto Mjor-Genera Sir Jobn Lsglit Pennefather, K.C.B., end Coonelordwilliam aule, Ca.3, -the Cross of Commander of the First Class of the said Order; and to Colonel the Hon. George adoga,n. ColonelThamasmontagu5teelg C;., Colonel the Hon. 1e rc Ziertonr Herbert, C.B., Lleutenant-Colonel Robert DIane, and Commlasary-General Si George Macdean, Y-C.R, ithe Cross of Commander of the Second Cl-ss of the said Order; andto : Deputy-Commisa&sy.General William Henry Drake, C.B.. the Cross of OffEcer of the said Order. This article is substituted for that which appeared in the 0e Uc of Friday last, the 8th inst.:-.] WAR DEPARTMENT, WHEaALTGARDIjWSl .AuGusT S.& . Notioe is hereby given that the officers and men infEer Mfajest's army, named in tho Supplement to the London Gtaette of Friday, the lst inst., as having received Her Majesty's permission to accept and wear the insignia of the several clas6es of the Le ion of Honour, conferred upon them by His Majesty the Emperor of the French, and who have not already received such insignia, are requested to apply for the same to Henry Elliot, Req. War Department, Pall-mall, between the hours of 32 and 4 oklock dai-' commencing on Monday next, the 11th inst. The insignia for. such non-commissioned officers and men as have been nominated to the 5th class of the Order, and who are now serving with their respective corps, will be delivered to the officers commabding those oorps, or to such e,fficers as they may depute to receive them, with a view to their distrihution. BOARD OF TRADE, WHITEHAL, AuGUsT S. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Priv Council for Trade and Plantations have received, throug the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a3 despatch from Her Majesty's Ambassador at Paris, containing a copy of an Imperial decree opening the Custom. ?house of Wissernborg (Bas Rhin) for the importation of- Hide4 at 5f. per 10 IkiL Thread, of linen and hemp. Machinery (machines m6caniques), complete or in detached pieces. WAR DEPARTMENT, PALT-MAL, AuGGUST 12. Royal Reg-ment of Artiery. Brevet-COt. Joh2 Hill to be. Col.. vice Clare, eretired upon ful-pay Brevt-Ctol. mtuC'.ilolngwo,0oedE Diso, Ca. rom &le ruperaxuerary Second-Capt. Edwrani T'asiel to be Capt., nice Rogess, retired open I.ieut. Frederick Thomas Winyates to he Second-Capt., vice Tas. - iet. JTohn Henry 2Plckburne to be Second-Capt., Tice Farmer, Brevet-YsjorSuhn Singletot be CapM, Tice howbray, retired On Lieut. Wt am Noel Waier to ba Seond-Capt., vlce Singleton. - BREVET. C_oL Robert Clarke, retired full-pay of the Royal Artillery, to be Mrajor-General, the rank to be honorary only. rARTBRT SI?S DISSOLVED. C. Smith andG. Garnett. St. Mary-ax, mnanufacturers of esseces.- D. Bigg and J. Brewer, West Wycombe, dealers in corn.-L. and W. Parsons, Limehouse, carmen-T. Laver G. T., and F. J. Horrell, Ci-ty-road, an d Ol d Kent-ro adl.-Tols an-an d Cro wd ent lteswc k, tailo rs. -T. Iticholson and J. G. Barrow, Davies-street, Berkeley-square, sur&geos-Grant and Griffith, Ludgate-street, booksellera.-Turner and eTie, Faruingdion-strest, and elsewhere undertakema-Seawand an Capel, Poplsr. engineers.-G. and B El ch, LIme-street-square foreign mnercbnt -MeyerandRichardson,Dublin army and naycontractors.-Dlougla and Robertson, Fennith, sawyers.-E. Elmaile and Son, Betcbroxh Su:rrey, 2grcers.-T, CParemandtW. B. Mawoon, Breadstreet. laos manurDtmrenuCampbert and erdd, LiverpooL ship- Srolee.-Ttxrne, and CareupAlermaSouth Shilds hprkes-nu .2ore. Bakingball-street.L Jonlme, ainds a, SydnFai Niso,uth Walon, 3sehant, A.. Pi3hat r1, rexBcawrenc rewPse and Byr, OldJewr-chatabers; ofUcL alsz3i anictor Caudron, Ch ester-squara, and Clorent Bablu, Debto.s Belle Wauatecardtret,Lde-flluer, Aug.l22eSept.M atmgeroDl.nl andtB Cooer Readinptandout eoliewhere chMrs. Levoersoand t Cales-pero, r iBop3hate; offcLQ assignee, Mr. Wtmore, Basinghall-street. wi, nd, lensed eehctuelcers Gnamn, K rett,nSt. o eorg-abth r ofcficaissigueea, arn Hbitmoreg, tet ophlThbompsot ma turer,tordsuraender Aug. 22, at half-t't 12 o'lock,Sept 2, at 1a2.~PAU at the Bankrupts' Court: solsos Ie-Ms tmdas, MGeamie.r and G(ibbo, rea'btJames-street, Bedford-rowr; Jfzooisephlt.ee, High-i strleet,KnsintBoan,grgoce22r, Au;,. 266, at It I= ur and Turner, a.Ldr n-buteeet; official assignee, Mr. m.ore, M..i Ccop itrer.Tnt.L;audMsrc or Swgnkr27iyeth Jarhn Lindsay Sydtner. esouhrisWale mlecrc , Aug. 23, aept. 12clck, Se ptalf-a t Cf-rt 1o, Birntghe BamDztc Court o unIcir3rpteraw rEncigt, lobs M ndsBoserW gh Old oeirmg ohfabe scial as si-emoro Wte, Whttecroes3e a c1stanto n,ertfursh Aug.b23 der, Aug. 7, S ept. o,a pth. e 0 Bacnkrpts' Ct:e B oiicito, C ohara D ert of Sat. Helenup :sola tors, HeariCr. lo sto , icettnd Messtaeorn, Aug. 29, aset 11 'cl2ok Set. 2Or atc 1 at the3 Bankrups. Co; isolicit orisc, Mes hiatoandte rant, oKCrenint , Lu mot oflcial assignee, Mr. Woe, 3rIr i,tansore BmpaslnHal ol-rmeet Morristc o s n cl51 augnee, hIr. lIernamaazn 3me, nlr. Mil JosepThomon ishos Strtfod. mane, ug.ctu,ert bAit-past A2' , Sept. 26, at hal-ps , at the Banktrupts'Court:ol tore2, M Langlts ando GibbonrGant on ane-Robtn,on. Bedo-w officia assignee. or. Cao an ad, mnbue Mr. berntob Jaeosephmolteyn, Holchreetokensingtn, garceury, Jau. 2Y, aotti o'ntclok, er. Au_ S ept. 26, a tthlf-a tst k a t the antCosoctors, .Msr.Cek n atr ennsee;Ofcial assignee, 'r Mr.n.Mnhetr WarlivLawtWrad,ltverp,Booirmlgain, hcttser Aeeler, Aug. 22, at . t hall-pas II o'clock, at the Birmngha District Court of Basonruptgcy eoltors, etisasr rignht, B n oirc, l assignee, Mr BiSepton2, BirmiNghamsorhcom.crmu WalTer ale,Woltatonbe g Stafodshire, bauser Aug 2how Set. th 7,oa at 1 o'cock atte Biminham istrct ourtof anut 2Ocy:lock,-a ham; oficialassigne, Mr.Christe..Biringham BenjaminHolmes nd CharlsJohn lorrsLei, BirminhaLmou Aug2, Spt.3. a 1. o'loel a th BritolDisr0c aout I0co6 Bank
SOUfHfARK Id!MPP.QAVlBYMZ!. TO THE EDIl'OIE OF THCE TIMES. Sir,-In consequence of a paragraph appearing in Vie Tims, stating that my project woul ~ ably be abandoned on account of its interfernece wRith the valuable pro. perties of Messrs. Barclay and Messrs. Potti, I deem it -necessary to inform youthat such is not the case. Messrs. Potts, vrhose property is intersected by one of my proposed lines~, offer every reasonable facility for the improvement, and the brewery property is, by the mnodified Park-street line, preservedl intact. OYf the two lines that I havea submitted to the Metropolitan Board of Works. both commencinag at York-street aud termninating opPosite Stamiford-street, the line parallel to the river---iz., that v~id Park-street-presents some important advantasges.t L It would reie the city of an ixinnense traffic, for it would not only connect the South-Westemn with the Laosidon-bridge station, but it would be the route, viii 1lackfriars-bridge andl Victoria-street, to tho Great Northemn and North-Western stations ; and, from its contiguity to the Sonthwark-bridge al traffi- going west of Gulidhalliwould pass over aportion of it. As itwould connectthe principal railways, it wouldinotiraerely be a local but a most important mnetropolitan improvement. - 2. From its being parallel to andl contiguous to the river, it is adapted and would be eagely taken up for the erection of first-clams warehouses, admfitting of much architect-Ural -effect, thereby insuring a street not only worthy of the metropolis, but ia accordanfce writh tke views of a great majo0rity of the inhabitants. Besides, itwold. equali7a the taffic over the three bridges,' obviating -the necessity of an additionial bridge; andLaondon-bridge, then having only its legitim=Ate traffic, would not be in jeopardy of being disfiguared by auy of the Absurd projects whichL have.:fromn time toD time threatened its noble proprt,os *Astreet parallel <to Uno-street would ruinously affec the inhabitants anLd would be suitable only for shops, and that descrip,tion of prperty is already mnceh depreciated, the spy being greaterthffan the demand. The most sanguine, bujirers would scarcely, thierefo-e, be induced to take the ground except for the eorectiou of a clvas of property which would disappoint the hopes of those who are desirous of seeing' a street -worthy of the metropolis. Besides, the wideniing- of. LUnion-street would accomplish aU that the advocates of such a groject contemplate I I Rel satisfed that you will, in justice, allow the above rmrsto ap pear inl 'your columns~, as the paragraph ye- -feredo ha a ninjurious tendency. Yoursl truly, TlitS 'PAVfflP. - -,4 usWu*grovc, Bwhtol.Z a Aug. 12 -
T 1 Y ; - - 0 PVPRIBAJ ,S S T, ~ TO TIM 2 ED=TD OF TIE TINES. Sir,-Ec Theprorgation of irliamrent having erea the PrM3ure of valuable matter which usually crowds your columan, I hope you- will allowr me to make a few %mre obeervationsmonAhe p3unplet of "A Colonel of Infantry," Mhicmt*eats of " Parchase in the Army., the proper Organiiztion of the Staff, and the Promotion of Sergeants." "A Colonel of Infafitry" deals with the first of thewa impOrta;nt subjects in thejfollowing brief manner- " The advantaes of the Lsentothosa whopurchss,lby' securing to them comparatively rapid and fair promotion, and to the country, as holding out to old offlicers an inducemcent toretire, wiithout expense to the public, are too obvious toreqiro notce. No plYa of promotion AMl retirement combining these advant,ajes has yet beenx suggested, and I doubt whetler any coul be devised affordbig reasoneble proset of succense e t does not seem to-haye been sfficienily cornidered is the advantage derived from purchse by those whose poverty aubjects them to the mortifiction of being passed over by juniors. The practical effect of the system is to . bning ose mea rapidly to the top of their respctivranksb where they benefit by AnY vacancies ocsiooned bydeath' brevet; or augine,ttiotn * -* * * " It mst also be rememberedi that officers who have parchwod, if they sell their commissions, only receive to akh 1UOneY alre dy paicl, whereas the smc :Is cle r gain :thotewho have at length been promotedfree of expene.` I will in this letter strictly confine nyremark to the effect of the purche sytem on the active career of non-purchaserof men promoted- from .the ranks for good conduct w iom it is asertea to place m a better position than tnatwhichtheyWuld occupy were they in i non-purchasing corpS, aublias the Marines. "CA Colonel of Infantry writes ius in Es pampblet :- ,, , * 6"6Iavethehighedi opilon of our soldiers as soldi but; Idonot think they in general bear elevation vell- and it isa well-nown fact tha'i the men 6f a rement g sarly resect, and often aistrust, offEcers who h&ve risen from the raaks whiln they wTould (as they ever have] do anything for those who aze gentlemen by. birth and educatiou." And in ai letter which "A olonel of Ifantr-"' addressed to you on the 18th of July he goes on to express his belief that "most commanding officers of infantry who undersand and perform their duty properly select as their adjuttants gentlemen by birth f" he adcls that he is "very sure thatall their oficers, non-comnmisioned officers, and men prefer that they should so .' [ alnd observes that "thiere are very few regiments in whicht an abundance of andidates, many of them young men of family and fortune, is not to be found in every way qualified for the appointment." lle I instances the Brigade of Guards, in whicl the ad- jutants I "are, and alway,3 have been," gentlemen of position and wealth; and very reasonztbly claims that I should admit, which I readily do, s' that no other officers exist more generally intelligent and devoted to their profession." As, however, no men promoted foe merit from the ranks are ever allowed to bear commissions in the Guards, the colonels of those corps have no choice in the matter. i When, in a letter which I addressed to you, Sir, on the 17th o July, I pointed out to " A Colonel of Infantry" that his assertions were refuted by the fact that in all our regiments of cavalry there was not a single purchasing adjutant or a tingle nonpurchasing colonel, he answvered, somewlhat evaIsively, that it was ratherhardthat Ishould caliupon an infantry officer to give explanations about cavalry I promotion. I have since then examined into the position of our infantry regiments -with regard to their executive officers, and I find that exactly one-half of them are managed by adjutant:i who have risen from the ranks-by the very class of officers whom "A Colonel of Infantry " represents as not bearng advancement well, and as generally despised and mistrusted by the men. In most of these regiments, before the late war, the adjutant was, moreover, the only officer of that class in the corps, which looked very like as if he had been specially promotedc to fill an important and difficult office which his richer and better born brother-officers did not care to undertake. As I have already observed, in consiclering the effects of the system of purchase it is necessary to examine the condition of the army in peace time, for in war time that system at once failr out of gear and stops. In the calculations which I am now about to submit to you I have therefore confined myself to the 51 battalions of our army which have not been engaged in the Bussian awar, having either been employed during that struggle in Indian or colonial service, or having recently returned to England from such service. In these 51 battalions there are 179 field-officers and 612 captains. OGit of that number but seven field-officers and 85 captains have reached their present position unaidedby money, and not one of these 51 battalionsis commanded by a man wvho, having entered the army since 1815, has risen to the chief command of a regiment without the application of money to obtain promotion. It is difficult to understand how a system which thus exclucdes even from the higher regimental ranks the men who undoubtedly play the most important parts in the discipline and management of their regiments can be held to be advantageous to those men. The reason why they seldom reacI beyond the rank of captain is easily explained-. ey are, ashas been -well said, " beaten by time." A deserving soldier, promoted in peace time from the ranks, seldom passes through the grades of corporal, sergeant, and sergeant-major before he is 30 years of age,-often more. And should he then be so fortunate as to be selected for a commission he will, having no money to purchase, in all probability not arrive at the head of the captains of his regiment before he verges on 50. He then has the option of retiring on full pay, whicba he generally accepts, having been pretty well worn out in the service, knowing, from experience, that the higher grades of regimental rank are not for such as he, were he young enough to wait for them. Of the 85 non-purchasihgcaptains whom I have mentioned 5 have served between 35 and 40 years, 10 between 30 and 35, ancd 14 between 20 and 30 years. The youngest has obtained his coinpany in 9 years, and I have heard of one, no longer on the active list, who was sofortunate as to become a captain in the 8 years from the date of his promotion from sergeant-major. As the case of this deserving and fortunate young soldier had been cited to rebut my assertion that the non-purchasing officers of our army are practically excluded from the higher ranks of their profesion, no matter -what their military merit may be, I made a point of tracing him, to ascertain whether during the late war he had justified the promise of his earlier career. I found, to my surprise, that the ensign of 1837, the captain of 1845, had in 1854 been placed in retirement on full pay., superannuated, he having been nearly 40 years of age when he was first presented with a cormssaolon! As our army as now constituted, I am not an advocate for more Liberal promotion from the ranks than is at present the case. MIy impression is - that inch promotions are rather too many than too few but I thinkthat those that are made are made on a wrong principle. A young man, enlisting at 1S years of age, well conducted, and, aboveall, well educated, mighlt, I think, after rtree or four year' zealous and unstained service, be very properly and advantsaeously presentec with a commission; he would ae unmarried, and he would soon acquire the tone and manners of his ': gentlemnm bozn" comrades; but I think that sch a reward is obviously ilisuited and distasteful to a worthy non-commissioned officer of 35 cr 40 years of age with a; wife and children, no matter howr good and how gallanlt his previous career may have been. I do not believe that mniay such young men as I have described enlist in ourz army, but I am convincedthat manymore such would enlist in it if they felt that by good conduct and attentive study of their profesion they could .insure notice andadvancement at a period of life which would allow them to look forward with reasonable hope to the higher grades of the service. - Many commanding officers declare that, in general, suhalterns and captains fiomn the ranks tarn out badly,-that they soonbeebine inefficient and listless. "A Colonel ofInfantry"appearstobaofthisopinion Nevertheless, I know that many of our best offlcersmen whose social position. mright be supposed to incline them to be partial witnesses on the sidee of their own class-are of a very different way of I thinking. .- I At any iate, tlhs comDlaint certainly cannot applY to ffe men who f=i-the executive -bots of two-thirt-5 of our regiments-the adjutants aind pay. masters_and who ought to be, ex offlzczo, the most hardytorking and trusty officers in the service, -Lcout refecting gravely on the commanding offiOE'rs by whom they are selected. Aid, withl regs4lo the others, it is but fair to eojoa¢ the trying positiu in which our pur14w yt klmfa tut tWff nalisting at 18 yei4x of age, - afbw haying bena ,elsct.d-~ nd- jtronied -by their oo m AunAS of:iloa, -for hei- Ditelli oeny, anti m time when the ~of uth t hei SlaekeOl, they are re lrded - r, art9 o>f age ith a coirnsin Teytzal -. selves middle-aged Men among bo s uied *men with fmtilier aongCo atively rih yog bao elo,so They a- rey wev e tht nlnce, anoivrty; tnd zefl i rnolongerbo n in their further advaneinente whi de a on time, for money - theae one, nor have ther any opportunilt of.eanig any.~ Wht- woner, then,that Rthey- bo:ome aeles nd athtc aiingpatiently for the hapy dy when 20yao rst srvioe shall entitl hem to retire from-th car.eN as captainsonfull pa . Itwill, I Inow, beargubd that for su:ch men fullpay retirement in a ;subordinate rank is a sufficient provion; very possibly it may be-for ikis of them; but my objeci in this letter is not to discus the advantages or diitadvantages to which the purchase system szibjects any one particular 'claii of Englishnien; I iito demonstrite thefact; which is' denied, that we, as a nation, deliberately place -onselvvesat a serious disadvautage, in comparison with other mations, by eicluding meit from the higher ranks of our army unles it be accompanied by money-by resolutely refusing to give a fair trial to the niost 'pi:omising samples of filitary geniua'unless they happen to contain a strong amilgam of gold&. - .ain, Sir, your obedlient seryt: - '. U.LVL'L&N.
REXVIEW OF THJr SRKcSION OF CONaGZ (Prom thoi New York Emu) The lon semaon of this Congress, which eommesnce(l o the first MAonday in Decinber, and which is to ose oan the 18th d Ay of August, willib a memnorable one ia the history of the Government-memorable for its ersord y, looIe and conflicting -material-for itg disgracefully pro c oontest for a Seaker-ftr its bludgeons, latols, and.loody rufanism-fof its inbli t.i i, combinations for the Dublic plunder-for its oorrupt and W eful sguanderings of the public lands and the paiblic money-for its cool neglect of the public interests, its sludied contempt of public opinon -and for its mean; groelling, and dirtylittle trics for Bunoomle. NeatIy eiglht months have px3d a since it tnetin f the work acoomplished is 4 half-dozen speculating rildroad bills, involving a confiscaion to the jobbers concerned of 12000,000 or 15,000,000 acres of the choicest public ladsd in various States, three or four river and harbour bills (passedover the vetoes of President Pierce and the Cincinna ptform, in order to are up a few additional votes for the democratic nominee in. the West), and afewv miscellaneous and private bills. This IS what the two honses have done in the wa of business since the first Monday in Dece ber, the net rsult be n enuivalent to the transrer from the public treasury ol $z5.000,000 or $0,000,000 into the pckets of the railroad jobbers and the various olher ClaS of soiLmn concerned ranging, no doubt, from members of both Houses of Congress and the Kitchen Clainet down to the backwoods pOticians, newspaper letter-writers, and other agents ofthe lobby. The business remaining to be done to the 18th of August comprises tha regular appropriation bills and numerous usefal measures in 'referunce to the army, the navy, the Post-office department, &,., and our foreign relations In addition to these measures, the settlement of the Kansas difficulty and the suppression of the savage ruffianism'which, under the benign aaspices of tho amiable Mr. Pieroe, has governed bth territory by fire, sword, rapine, ani murder, still remain open questons Eight months will have pased, and the whole sesson of nearly nine months, from present appearances, sndthe all.imiport4nt question of the pcifica-' tion of Kans, swill still remain unsettled, and will go over to the next sedsion, which is to meet a month after the Presidential election. The two parties on the Xansas question-the party vwhosa I object is to make Kamas a Slave State, and the party I whose purpose is to maLe Kansas a Free State-have eachI brought in a bill for the pacification of the territory. The bill of the Slave State party is the bill of Mr. Dougls and Mr. Toombs. It has passed the Senate, and is before the House. Tle bil based upon the Kansas Topea constitution is the billof the FreeState party. Itprovides distinctly for the admission of Kansas into the 'Uiionas a Free-State; and the measure, having passed the House, has been amended in the Sena'; by the substitution of the bill of Mr. Toombs; and in this shape has beensent back again to theHouse. There it stiksg. All paties there seem afraid to touch it. They all seem toregard t asa bombshell which may blow them up in tho Presidential election, and they shrink from it. The Demots, fri-htenedat the tremendous furore for Fremont in thfe lorth, are particularly slittish Iest they souald break the back of Xr. Buchanan in Pennsylvania by going for the bill of Mr. Toomlss, or rain the cause of the Cincinnati miominee in the South by adopting the Free State plan of the Topela Convention. Kansas, to the Democratic members of the. House, is a two-edged sword, adatheir present Egam is-evidently to dodgeit- with the olddodge of squatter sovereignty, notwithstanding the fact that Mr. Douglas hasconfessed the thing a lhumbug, and has kdiked it out of the Senate. Still, the living issue belteen the. two great parties of the country is, shallXansss be a Slave State ora lroe State? It mast be one or the other, and Congress may s -well say vhich-at once- as to wait till netDlecember. If the demoeracy understand their po dtion and the expectations of the South, they will ure the passage by the House of the bill oE7fessrs. Toombs'and Douglas, and 'with the emphatic dehearation that theintent of this bills to make Kansas ih Slave State. If the South Amexicns are put to this test, they will be compelled to sopport the measure, and thus it may be passed. Colonul Forney may say, "KN this Will inevitably cost my Confidential friend, Mr. Buc!sana, the los3 of every northern State, and defeat nin most iuominiously. B zut what if it does ? What is Mr. Bucianan, or any other man, compared with the great desideratum of peaowiththe South 9 And what measure solikelyto conciliate and harmonize theSouth a.s thisprojcl of Mr. Toomnb for the admission of anqsas as a Slave State 9 The Constitution, we maintain, is a compromise, and the Union is a compromise witi Southern slavery, or rather a series of compromises, from time totime. The confederacy thus formed andthus far sustained upon a system of checks, balances, and equivalents, can only be perptuated by an adhesion tothissystem. Atwe now stand, the Northis allpowerful in one branch of Congress, and has a majority of two in the other branch. The South, therefore, as a measure of self-presrvation irn the general government, have the right toask another Slave State, in order, at leas, to have an equilibrium in tl-e Sencte. Admit Kansas, then, as a Slave State, and hereafter, when new States are to be admitted, let it be a Free State anu a Slave State together. There is no other available plan by which anything like peace can berestored between thetwo sections. Bat we despair of anything for Kansas from this Congress this side of the Presidential election. Wepresume that the sceaes of ruffianim and civil wvar which our Administration, oxLr lw-malkers, ruffians, arid spoilsmen at'Washingtonhave permitted, and, indeed, encouragged for eight months, will still go on,till either the Free State settlers or the border rufflans are exsbrminated. The intervalto the 15th of August will afford but a small margin for the consideration of anything, exe*pt the annual appropriations; and even these will most probably be crowded, as nsurl, into the last three days of the session, full of blunders and adroit amendments for plundering the Treasur. How long is this reignof s noilsmeneculators, land jobbers,-plunderers, Galpl4nitt. Tloody ans, and smaill- eer politicians andgamblers to oontinue at VWashington? What are the signs about us? -Good. There is a revoln. ticn at work-a spontaneoes movement of the peopledeep, strong, general, and earnest-for a new order of things. We have nothing to hope from old litical fogies or old part hacks1 ; they are trammel with the corrupt devices of huchsterng cliques ana cabals. The people are aware of-tiers, and, sustained by the indepe3clent pres,s, they, amre Smg to decree a revolutsion. Let noz our o) a party tricl;sters and huckstus of this, or that, or any party, imaginethat all this cormmotion is merely a passing excitement about Kansas, and a nine dayse wonder for Fremont. Kansas is iiho prominent issue of the dayFreemont is a poapclar m.n; but there are other issues, deeper and broader than. asas4, - andl other things stronger and more comjrehensive than a popular name, underlying and uplifting this momentors reaction of the people agaist all the old parties and pagy deceptions, frauds, epoilmen, and conspiracies, 'which hav e brought the - Goyernment, our politics, and our republicKa institutions into corraption, imbecility, and public disgrace. A deep and comprehensive %pular revolutionis atwori;andthePlereeAaministraticn, nsas and Fremont, are buit among the instruments employed to give this revolutionary uprising the. essentials of cohesion, consolidation, and practical effect. This popular revolt, is not a thing of 'the passing hour. It has been heaving, surging, and boiling, and seeking a vent, here and there, ever sinoe the great oommotion of 1840. Had Mr. Pierce beem true to his promises, tre to the public expectations-to the principles upon which he was elected, to the countryantd thie constilution-there would have been peace. His inaguswation was hailed asan asurance of peace. But he has preved:Faithless, incompetent, imbecile and t reacherous, and politienil confusion has followved in his ake. Al;lthe old partyhriers. ae brocendown-all the old landmarks are effaced-vre are all at sea; but the pople are maoving, and the incepesent press ismoving with ctM. Between thC demoralized acd rotten materials which have risen to the control of our public affairs-State, national, and corpor_tion-between them, we say, and a betrayed and indignzantpeople there is now no other medium of ielianoc tlaan thesindependent pres. iFortunitely, too, at a crisis when most needaed, the infuence and the power of the independent press are eveywhere reonized and fMt, from 'Washington to Tammany-lesi, and from New York to San Frncisco.. _-__!:
LONJJDON, WEDSDAY, AUGUS7 13, 1M. There appears to be an intuitive, inconscious, impalpable test of probability to which every one who lives in a particular country or circle of society has access 'with respect to vwhat is likely to take place in his own country or in his own circle. We do not know how we became possessed of this standard, and this practical insight into things. It is born and bred with us; we imbibe it by the fact of living in this state of things; it is part of the atmosphere wliich we breathe, and every day confirms insensibly the truthfulness of this standard, and adds to its certainty and security. Take the most sensible and best educated man, 'who has lived in his own country or among- his own elasm in society all his life, and has never strayed beyond bis natural sphere; when. you come to his ideas about society in other countries and other classes, 'what mistakes you find he makes, what an untrue notion he has of the general mould and make of society which is extraneous to him, of the 'way in 'which things go on in it, its order of. events, and course of nature I You find his whole test of probability as relates to this external section of the world a childish one; anybody could take limu in, and " cran"' him indefinitely with absurd, impossible, and incongruous facts about'it; he is, in short, a childandnothing more in his knowledge of it; he may have an insight into the realities of his own sphere of life, his own country anld elass; but he iswithout the test and standard of reality as regards this extraneous sphere ; his ideas are paper ones, like the ideas of a child about everything in the world except its own nursery. Talk to a Frenchman aboat England, and. you find 'what mistalkea he mak-es about English society, and what would or would, not be likely to occur in it-mistakes which the commonest person in this country could correct, simply because he belonged to this country, while the Frenchmian did not. We discover in such cases how little general acquirements, book information, and reasoning powers help a man towards true ideas -without actual experience and conversance with facts. You find. out isstantly when your friend, who is talking to you, is simply going upon his general knowledge, and proceeding upon the deta of human natue at large, instead *of a natural local experience, and the intuitivestandard of truth which it imparts. B.4ssI HMuL, in his American trvels, gives an account of a con- versation he had with a most intelligent and well-i informed Anerican on th6 subject of England, its society, government, manufactures, and political parties. He was congratulating himinelf on having at last come across an American who thoroughly understood English politics, when his friend on a isudden suggested a difficulty which had PceluYred to him, the weak point in the national basis, the corner where the shoe of the Commoonwealth pinched, and where a general break up and dissolution would ultimately connernce,-what -was there, in an excited ate of bi feeling,o prvent the popuiace of Manchester or Birmingham from: eeging London 9 Wo do not iuppos=e atatashe. report of our' Cnar3i.on of tho EXcRQ>UmS inteffeience in the approachg Presidential election'hai gained any-seriousacceptance in the United States. Sauch 4i report hov'ever is, we understand, more or less current across the Atlantic, and has its converts. It is rumoured that Sir GEonGE Cop oEWALjL LEWIS has supplied the opponents of Mr. Bucir-l -wvith-money to assist them in carrying -their man and defeating the Democratic candidate. Whoever believes such a report, and however few those may be who do so, if it is believed 'at all, it is a curious instance how completely Americans may be at sea about English politics and English statesmanship, and on the way things go on in the English political world. Can any one conceive an event snore contrary to the order of lnature in poli- I tical England than 'that oulr ,CRAexzoo of the ExemnxEQs slhould be intriguing in a President's election iil the Ufnited States, and securing by bribery and corruption the return of the English candidate? We saynothing of the classicalvirtue of Sir GEORGE. CoRSzFVun. LEWIs himnself, which peculiarly unfits him for success in such - a transaction. W 'hat would his friends, the old rtomans of the days of pure republican simplicity, say to .their portrayer engaging, in such proceedings ? wo, we can as well imagine CINOhXiATUS himself wielding a ballot-box and intriguing in a Trans- J atlantic election as our CfrANcEior of the ExCREQxu-. But our Transatlantic friends cannot be expected to appreciate Sir Gyoncx CORnxWAnL LxwIs himself. What -we^cll attention to is the extraordinary grotesqueness of the idea itself-an Engliah Chancellor of the Exchequer meddling with the election of President for the United States, a:nd bribing at ihe American hustings. There is a curious obsoleteness about the picture It carries us back to times when Cabinets were reaZy snig closets, in which British money could be spent without fear of explanation. Happily, an English Cabinet is not so powerful a centre as I our Anerican alarmists would represent it. It has no secret purse, the strings of which it can open in any part of. the world ac libitu7n. It ca no mor, thinl; of carrying an American, election than it can of carrying an election to the Spanish Cortes, or to -the Belgian Chambers, or to the Dutch StatesGeneral. It is no secret irresponsibie tribunal, meeting, as the American rumour would represent it, like the Vehmgericht of the middle ages, and wielding a hidaden ubiquitous machinery. Happily everything must be open with us, and when the C(3iCEr.oR of the Ex:HCuzPv got up in his seat in Parliament to announce that such a sum had swayed the election in the 'United States, we need not attempt to describe with -what surprise the statement would be received in the House. We believe, if Sir ConsxN-wArLL Lws aimouncedfrom his place that he had, in initation of a precedent set by many of his predecessors in the English Treasury, sent for Baron Ro rscnmw, and tortured him till he had consented to give up half his fortune for the expenses of the late war,- the announcement would hardly be more astonishing. That an English Chancellor of the Exchequer should meddle and bribe in a Transatlantic election is a fact about as discordant with the present spirit of EngEsll politics, about as incongruoi's, grotesque, -and utiq.uated, as that he should thumbscrew a capitaljst. We have no particuilar reason for likling Mr. BUCUAXsA, or wishing him success at the approaching election. He is committed to a party which contains a strong anti-Eingish element in it, and the mode in which he conducted his diplomatic mission as Minister in this country has given us no reason to desire any further dealings with him. He does not appear to have consulted the interests of peace, or to have made a good understanding between the two countries his object. Too evident signs rather appear of his having plUrposely refused to understand Lord CsLnARDox;'s peaceful offers, in order that he might keep up a convenient topic for a party cry in his owu country-a cry by aid of which he himself might at last fulfil the ambition of his life, and obtain the Presidency. But we n&glish are by this time wise enough to knowv that we should not do ourselves much good by meddling out of our own sphere. The bare' suspicion, were it seriously entertained by any large portion of the Americana constituency, that we were intelfering would Of itself rui t'ne candidate in whose cause the interference was said to be made. American fecling would be desperately roused, and every man who was not afraid of being thought a traitor to his country would think it necessary to vote against the so-called British candidate. It is only due to Colonel F1RE3ro-T, then, to point out the extravagant absurdity of this senseless Tumour, and to assure whoever in the United States is credulous enough to believe such a story' that we never have meddled, and never shall meddle,' in their elections.
It was said by a great authority that the listory of a nation might be compiled from its statute. book. We are inclined to think that the English history of the present century will be compiled from the blue-books. Laws may bie necessary or unnecessary-executed or invalid-revered or unknown; but all those traits in the social life of a nation which either call for or defy the interposition of laws-those symptoms which betoken either defect of organization or chronic disease in its constitition-will be best gleaned from those suggestions, confessions, or complaints which fiure so largely in our blue-books. They are the real literature of social politics. Among those recently published is one on the reconcilement of disputes between empltyers and operatives. Few subjects are more full of active interest than this is. We are almost literzdly a nation of workmen. 3!1ot only do we strongly illustrate the very general law which permits only a select few to enjoy the fruits of the earth without toil, but our labour is more incessant and more important in its results than that of other nations. *Ve support a huge empire ara a huge debt on the shoulders of our worimlen in iron and our workmen in cotton. We -were carried through an eshaustive war of nearly 20 years-and we carried our allies through it too-by dint of our iron, our cotton, and our hardware works. Whatever, therefore, affects those classes whose industry isthe strengthl, whose manufactures are the -wealth of the land, affects every Englishman and all England. It is the interest of us all that the men who rear th}at foundation of opulence and credit on which the power of thle country rests, should enjoy their respective rights in unity and concord; should sell their labour and lay out their capital -with the leat possible impediment and the least possible coercion; aud sholdd be one people, not two hostile races in the same camp under one denomination. Uxnfortunately, it is notorious tlhat their mutual relations are not always those of peace and collcord. Combinations on the one side, and coun*ercombinations o;n the other; "strikes" when eMployment is 'ife, clippings when it is scarce, are the too familiar recurrences in the manufhcttuing districts of late.years. . But this is neither all nor the worrst. W When two parties have so often been in antagonism to each other, or, to speak fniore correctly, have so long been in a state of normal antagonism, i is impo'sible to eipeat any other resu;than-thatwhich we 'ometiesgsee | .Tiz that eacht regards th6- ot er 'rith s icio and idile;e 'tI.&tthe t msterloo' onte-tobpersttve i as a debtor;who would filch lrol hinihia. dues-a.nd -thiat'the operati've egreds his emr,ployer M& tyrn - at onca exacting and, 6 nuthe e b.- ee' Ther caw s ofdthi lie too doeplyrotenyumf nature to be TeIflDv I by'act' of Parliameist; andl,, when we menlti<in that the comeaiitfeeX hichr cat to: e:;amine and report on the differnces between: masters and operatives3 a~raugahted ias many- a's- fi ve different reporti, it-will demonstrate theV difficully,of the proposed problem- no less, than the compro*miso of opiniaii which moulded the report thaWt was adopted. We suspect, indeed, that this kor,e of those maladies wIierein the patients muist niiniuter unto themselves ; 'where individual self-control and consideration for others teist iiatcsthete-ms -.of -correspondence between thei opposing parties , and vhere an enlightened perception of self-iate-~ rest must do that which statuth s would fi vainm attempt. Indeed, the *eport ilmost amnounts to this It regrets the distance that neparates -the men from their emnployers, and the want of a common understanding. btwtweon them, ard the evide!ce fully bears out these deductions. Both parties to tlhe disigreemient start bfom a point iwhich, though natural in one sense, is unnatural iu another. Each wishes to get the most it can out of the other. The employer thies to earn the largest return for his capital, the. employed for his labouf. The. employer wishes to save it the way of wages, the emiployed to gain. - The employed takes refuge in asociation. The employer remonstrates. The association dictates terms; the employer rejects them. Each strives to starve the other into submission. The Preston strike proves what well-matched obstinacy on both sides can effect. In that contention of passions the meii lost 100,0001. of wages, and; tho masters perliaps five times that amount of profits. An amount of evil was inflicted on emplcyers such as could not be repaired for months; on, the men such as might outlast their lives. Other strikes are cited in evidence. where the men lost much of their wonted subsistence andI their Unions were impoverished by the drain to -which they -were subjected. The universal- resulii is, - that the. masters suffer mueb, but, having capital to rest on, ride sfey-overthe strike, whereasthe men, having nothing but the funds of the Uaion to fall back on, are driven at last to accept the masters' terms, or a meagre compromise is patchad up to save the honour of both sides. But the mischief is not always only personal. It is wider and more pernicious. It mayhappen that a pertinacious strike drives a staple manufacture away from a town where it 'has long flourished-not to any otber English town, but to some foreign rival. These disputes, if continued, may rear up a formidable rivalry against us in the markets of the world, and, hi the end, subvert our manufacturing supreriacy. If it were possible to devise a remedy for such a state of things, it would be highly desirable to find one. The fault lies not with one party only. It is not the 'workmen who are always resorting to combinations and -relying on numbers to force better terms from the masters. The latter are often, though -not as often, to blame. Witnesses before the -committee depose to acts of petty tyranny,- or lunreasonable cavilling, or irritating interference, or vexatious meanness on the part of the masters or their agents. Al these lead to discord, and some of them, ostensibly the slightest, to strikes. A labourer's absence beyond the allotted time of leave and his treatment by his foreman after his return causedawhole body of Alessrs. Psro and GsussaRs men to strike when at work on the Houses of Parliament, and it is oftener these seeming trifles that 'vex the men's tempers than the graver questions oi wages. At such times an association is a powerful instrunent of revenge, 'which, in the hands of very designing or very reckless men, is always capable of inflicting a terrible injury. BMany of the 'witnesses sugggest the establishment of local tribunals similar to the Concscils de 1r,'dhomines in 'rance and Belgium for the adjudication of these disputes. They certainly are stated to have succeeded in France. That is pro tanto an argument in their favour. But it does not follow directly that they should succeed here. We suspect that at Lyons and other manufacturing towns of the continent the partnership principle is mnore in vogue than among us; and that the operatives are more frequently qwosi partners than labourers working nmerely for hire. Again, we suspect that the formalities involved in the French systema vwould be little in accordance with the genius of our people, who will not even make use of the Act on Arbitrations. That this new scheme, or any legislation upon, it, is not absolutely necessary, seems clear fromxthe depositions of witnesses, who tell us that the carpet-manufacturers are accustomced to hold conferences 7rith their workmen, and that thus all differences are arranged and all discord prevented. - We believe that a similar plan might be followed in other callings, aud that timely discussion, good temrner, and moderation on both sides, would- have their just influence on reasonable employers and rightminded artisans. IJnfortunataly these -qualities cannot be supplied by act of Parliament, and the boinmittee do but waste time in endeavouring to find a legislative remedy for the -want of them.
We cannot but feel satisfaction thati no mistaken leniency has interfered waith the sentence on WimAI DovE. An acqtuiescence in the recon-: niendation to mercy would. have been nothing less than a national calamity. It would have overthrowvn a rule of law established by the comnonlsense of niankind, acnd acted upon for centurie3 in all civilized countries. - The- principIe that a knowledge of right and wrong, proof pf which. tnust be gathered from the circumstances of the crimialX act itself, is the test of responsibility hals alway been unquestioned in English jursprudence. 57o annul this wh6lesome maxim in obedience to tlhe morbid humanity of jurors deficient il mor.al courage, or in accordance with the caprices and crotchets o' szientific men, would introduce an intolerabDle uncertainty into criminal justice. We now learn from the confession of Dovn ho6w barbarous and premeditated wvas his crime-howfar from any sudden promptings 'of ma;niacal impulse. The narrative is indeed one of the iost extraordinary that has ever been made public, but :t reveals, not the insanity of an individuxal, but the ignonance and credulity of what is probably a arge class among the uneducated of our Brovincial districts. , i We have heard of the doings of Obeah-men among the slaves of Jaliaica, and-of the charms of Hindoo wizards. in the: far East, but i; is somethinig new to learn that a mianufacturing town of England in the greatly-praised 19th century has its enchanter vho can encoursge a so-ciOed respectable nan, a- student of scielitific faining, and a profesaing' member of the Methodist connexicn, to cruelty and, murder. Yet, no less has been the power of HFx-TyI HABInisoN, the "-wise mn"' of -teeds, according to the last co3ifessioi of Dovs. - It may or may not,be true, but, in any case,' the stosy is a warning to those ivho woula expatiate on the spread of education and:laugh to scorn the follies of the past. ahe piisoiner DovE made a: statemre.nt i far back as the 21st of June to his solicitor, MIr. i Baanxr. In this he recapitulates most of what ' somefr incdeIa .ere:,ke~ptba-, oy ito be M6l -in -the confeio fhuda lat. J Septmber, 18574, neari4two yeas ago, did DoVl first lhari ,the fame; his slbsequen tffdier. - IHe had some coveration ' with Jo rHascaim a farm labourer about w;ise men". being iable to find 'out thieves. The loss of a dog wasthe cause of, these inquiries. iHiARD0ASTIZ at. Dnce mentioned &suso 'ciF the South-market, inleed4 as one, 'ofthwese "wi-3nen," and proceeded to relateainstance of his powers. - Ee (IHAIwASrlE) Was once threatmnea byIbailiffs, and consulteda_KiEr&so'I 4ho by the ebxercise'of his arti caused the horse which- was 1bing 'drivea by the bailiffs to take ifright, so thait those officials were -thrown out, injured, and cohfined to bed so long that the debtor lwas able to jrerxove thb goods' out of his house. Another spell caused a man wh&had stolen B1h-CiARMS gun ,to -Dss by a certain place and shoot rabbit with -t hbe ideriticalgin at a certain time, so as i allow af his apprehension. -These wondroas eeds injlam the imagination of Dovz,' who, on going with RmDOAnssna to Leeds. to sell potatoes -sometime after, calls on the wizard. Of course, there is a good deal -of drinking, for which DovE pays, and thei the fature m'nrderer gives HAisoy the date of his birth, that his " nativity" -may be calculated. The precise object of this heroscope does- nob appe'ar,-butit is connected withthe renewal of the lease of Dova's farms which a Mr. Xne, the steward, was -unwilling to grant. HAPnrsoN, by his spells, is to force the steward to let DovF have the farm on his own terms. We nowcome to the details of magical conjuration as pritotisedin Yortihr fa tbe preseutdiy. The "'wise mai"come3 tothe farmn to lbewHich it. re takes out a mariner's compass to learn the points of the horizon; then, producing some title pieces of copper, like halfpence, with m-stic marks upon them, he begins the spell. - The copper-pieces are buried 'vith ceremony in vaiouis spots-in the barn, the yard, ana the cowhouse. Each entrance to the premises is similarly laid under the spell. The enchanter then begins to pray alohid, involkng the power of the seven wise mcn, of 'vhom he himself is one, to free DovE and his farm from hurt. " No one can pass "this gate to do you harm" is his promise. Next he demands pens and paper, writes something in hieroglyplhical Esigns, and gives it to DovE. "If "'you want to retak-e the farm, put this in " your poclket and go to KiG, wvho will "let you it, only you must tell me before"hand awhen you are going." We may as well pursue this incident to the end at once. DovE goes to the steward with the talisman inbis pocket, but it is of no use. BiGs is inexorable, and DovM goes back, somewhat shaken" to his mentor. "Never mind," says flaanso.N, "he has the " spell upon him; he 'is an Irishman, and will take " a good deal of working upon." Dovz is quite satisfied with - this philosophical explanation, and his faith in the wizard suffers no diminution. But before this time HAiuisox andl he have talked of Mrs. DoDv. ECAmisox- sees her on his visit to the farm, and says that she looks-weak and sickly. Dov sas3ents, declaring,that she is scarcely ever out of the dootor's hands, and both then and after gives it to be understood that he is unhappy, snd somewhat tired of - his wIfe. M-&RIsoN reommends certain herbs which will cure her complaint. The herbs are bought, but Mrs. DovE has a suspicion of RAuIsoF', and only takes them once or twice. And this is not strange, for the wizard is no pea,ceinaker between the man and wife. Dovz complains on one occasion that they' are unhappy7iogether. - " 'o wonder," returns nRuisox, " for she is always viling and back" biting you to her friends, and she is two-faced." However, he pronises to work a apedl which shal reconcile them; for this and the nativity he r,ceives half-a-crownt, ashe had got lOs. for bewitching the farm. Soon after Dove: again complairs of unhappiness. rThe wizard tells him that he had missed hiqs mark by marrying his wife at all; thatthe only remedy is to give her the herbs, for that then she vould be better. About this time MrmLiusox makes a successfulprediction. Dove's, father is in bad healt'h, rapidly sinking. bu December the dutiful son asks if MAuissoiN can tell particularly when he will die. HAtB1so1 says he will not live till the 25th, Christmas-day, and accordingly he dies on the 24th. "From this," says DovE, "I was im" pressed -with a strong belief that Htuirsosi was " possessed of supernatural power." In March, ' 855, he changes hiis residence, and goes to reside at Normanton. The quarrels with his wife still continue, and he seems to be more outspok;en to his associate about his desire to be rid of her. MllaRxisoNZ, too, is quite explicit. "You wfil never " have any happiness until she's out of the way." Then he produces the nativity which had been so long in preparation. Dov-e is 27 years old, and great- events are to happen when he is 32. - At 32 the su andd maoon -would be in conjunction, and at that age Dove would lose lis wvife, marry again, have a chid, and receive an !addition to his fortune. Dove asks for a descrip- tion of his second wife. " The person you ought " to marry," answers H&nRmsox, "will have " aubum hair, light complexion, and a good for"tune." Then follo7rs something about a sticl which DovE gave :E9so- and Mrs. DovE 'would have bacL. ""Never mind," says the wizard, "Al willsocn be right; shell die before "M March, or before the end of February." It will be remembered that this was exactly the case, and the prophecy, no doubt, caused its own fulfilment. DovE, howvever, was at first surprised, and asked 'was ihe not to die "at' 32"-that is, when he himself was 32. "No," answers RAirsomNn , " before "32.". ?AnsMz conmitted his crime, and the case was Wtlked abouti". Dove want; to know if strychnia can be detected. "N No, inor yet any "-vegetable. poiso-n," answersm f.asuo. - In the full-confession of Tiursday last the prisoner stated that TRxasox ipromised to get him Eome belladonna, that he told Dove 'he conld never b-e happy until his wife -was: oub of the way, and in the mn6th of February, at the close of which she died, he promised to lay her on a bed of sickness, and that shle hiould never get better. On the whole, it would appear from the confession that this man workeed on his wtretched dupe, and that to hisinstigations is due the perpetration of a most foul murder. He prophesies the death, for the end of Febuary; -and Dov:e, firy belieVinLg in his supernatural power, fulfils. the prediation. The murderer's last words, as a postseript to his confession, are, "I "committed the crime through the instigation of "that baa man, Buxay HAunasos', of leeds." -Nowhere in the range of fiction is there a story more strange and teirible thami that we have reatied. 'We seenmto be carried backt,some witchcraft case of the 17th century, with its- barbarity and its revolting -and yet ludicrous supei-sition. How is it that such men as HB& IWSO Are still 'plying their ntefarioua trade -amo6ig us- Does tland still, 'with its boasted enlighto~iiment, furnish enolugh of ignorance ;to support sucli imposture - We are happy toUbe 'enatled to anmouncethat Mi§A Florenoe Nighiingale haii arrived at her home in Derbysire, after her arduusr and honburable career of - public service: i 4 the -t. Mis Njightingale sedulously avoided thatpublcwelcome. which would have greeted her. had ,the dayaor plae of 'her LandQ -ink in England -e iade known. She isnot the less eonsciousj--we trist, o6 ithe "honour, lore, obedienoe, troops of fLieds," which acco ynher presence and wait upon her future ch&reer.-L>lo5,
-AXUSTRAIA. (BY ELETIC TEL.EGPAPE.) -LVliilPOOIS AuIG.' 12. The screw steamship Royl Obhafter has :Aired with advices from Mv£elbourue to the 25th of DEy. She broitght 181,000 ounsces of gold, andl1o,000 a:zovereigns oi freight, besides a large amount of gold ana jewgery in the hands of passenger,of srh there are 326. - : The Royal Chart;er left the 3aeads on the 26th: of 11kye- For-the 30 days sucoee6nri -lo exoeneiemod t h xug easterlyexonsr anao I:YCapsHArIE inodr steam on the 3d day out.- During tle ret inof the passage bafflingheadwinds prevailed.- Iii 1st. 59S., long. 90W., &he fella in uth -'veralicebr. The Walmer Caitle, for lIondon, left-3elbourne on the 17th of Mlay. The Kent was intended tO be desp athed for London on the 5th of June, a4d. the Joseph JaTrett, for Liverpool, on the 10th. Our adices by this arivl record no political or general news of nporiLane. The reaction against the feverish excitement of the gold mania having nearly terminated, the resources of the colony of Victoria were coming info fRll play, and the inhabitants -were looking forwird to a career of unexampled prosperity. The local Government had taken the sutbject of railwys in hand, with the promise of pursuing the object with zeal and energy. Under the auspices of the Governor-General, Melbourne and Geelong -would soon be connected by railway, and a line had been thaced out from MIelbourne, through the goldfields, to the river Mfurray. The Government had a balance of 700,O0?. to 800,000l. to their credit at the banks. In trade and commerce the absence of all speculation and excitement had -become an establised feature. Businessgenerallywas-good. The following IS a comparative statement of the imports and exports for the first quarter of 1855 and th'at of the current year imports first quarter 1855, 2,808,17X.; 1850, 3,328,87-31. Exports first quarter 1855, 2,991,15oTI; 1850, 4~,492,600?. The rate of interest for moniey was quoted at S to 10 per cent., but few transactions had taken place at those rates. The farmers of the colony were -prose%uting their pursuits with great energyand success. Potatoes of the finest quality were seling from 5s0 to 7s. per cwt., vhile the price of flour was quoted at 267. per ten, enabling bread to be sold at from 1-0d. to ls. the 41b. loaf. The yield of the precious metal at the vanous goldfields continued steadily to increase, notwithstanding the temporary obstacles of winter, and the consequent cessation of operations on several goldfields. The respective amounts brought domn by escort for the first four months of 1850 were 962,040 ounces, against 5S9,337 ounces for the same period in 1855. Up to tLe 24th of 3May, 1850, 185,897 ounces had been received, against 120,424 ounces for the same period last year. The prio&of -gold remained at 31. 17s., with an active demand. The rumoured discovery of new goldfields in the Ginps Land District, far removed from the locality of the known aurferous districts, had been confirmed by reports from the district surveyor. At mount Korong diggings, which had been-almost abandoned as a failure, several monsternuggets had been discovered. Quartz crushing continued on the increase. There was very little doing in -ool. Fortaow the demand for colonial use was almost equal to the quantity produced. The labour-market remained about the samne as last quoted, there being no mate. rial difference in the raie of wages. What is caUled the eight hour movement had been pretty generiilly successful, but itv was thought that ultimately it would operate to the loss of those tradesmen 'who commenced the agitation, as a large influx of labour was arriving from the adjacent colonies. Sydney accounts state that the new Parlinment would be called together for the despatch of business on the 22d of May. The Governor-General had appointed Mr. Alfred Denison to be his Excellency's private secretary; also, dith the advice of the Executive Council, Mr. William MIacpherson to be clerk of the Leoislative Conucil of New South Wales. The Sydney Rerald states,- "That from th eexpression of political opinionnmade by members of the Government dining the recent elections we may anticipate that its general scheme of policy -i involve something like the followvingprogramnme :-The introduction of a measure for the repeal of the twothird clauses of the Constitution Act; meamsres for the establishment of municip ainstitarions; . comprehensive system of education which shall allay animosities and command general respec' ana support; a revisioni of the administrative departments of the Government, with a view to anumerical reduction in subordinates, combined with increased efficiency from ability; a vbigorous prosecution of public wrorks in general, and of railway extension particuLar, wvith a view tothe increase in the value of -the property oE the colony, and the transmiession of the preduce o/' its remote districts te markets not available; the fell and unreserved consideration of tho land question, both s tc the distribution of the laud, and the control of the revenue to be derived from it, sodwith the object of accord. ing greater facilities to the acquisition of public lands, with tim-protection of existsDg privAte xights, and ra providing such a system of taxation as shall bear moro equally thEn ,>t present on those who have to contrihute torthe general revenues of the country." TFhe .Sydney commercial accounts describe business to he about the same as previously reported. At Adelaide the 'wheat anld flour market was dull at a slight decline in price. M1oney -was v little eanier. At Ballarat the purchasing rate of gold had, advanced from the Banl; price of 77s. 6d. to 8s. 3d., in consequence of a desire to ship by the -Royal Charter. SHIPPING IINTELLIGENCE. 'Tho Sardinian, the Salee, the Athelstane, snd the Spray of the Ocean. hence; -the Tudor, the Caldera, and Carntyns, from London, ana the Cluthsi, from Glasgow, at Melbourne; the Ellen 31asters, hence, at Adelaide - thie Enchanuter ana the Hiltwhistle, from London, atGclorng; the Greenock, from Glasgow, theEPyaway, from Newcastle, and the Phleaician, from London, At Sydney; the British Emlire;, from London, at Hobart Town; and tho Nova Belli, from London, at Adelaide.
RErurax- OF Jo0H -F1TOST rO W1'oRT,-The town of tqewport 'was the scene of coniderable excitement esterds;Y (Monday), owing to tho expectcd arrival of John Jrost, who, it Till be recollected, 'was banished for life for the part he took in thb Ohastist niot of 1839. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon some hundreds of people had eot. lectedL on tEe bridge and on the banks of the iver, awaiting the arrival of the packet from Bristol. As aoon as the steamer arived sufficiently near to recognize the Chartist leader a general hurrah as given by the crowd,, which was responded to by rodst and his friends on'-oard the ship. A coach dressed a by two horses was in attendance, for bI iecepho but as so,n as he -was seated the crowd detemined to do thedu yof tequadupeds mdcosen't'£he owhw draim by a number of personithrough the pnnciplstreet. Onasrivingatthe wides,Paceof grounn oppositetbhWestgate hotel, the scene of the sanguinary conflict between the populace and the mlitaxy, a general cheer as give. TheY then proceeded along Coramercal-street and down ian.rtth. street, and ultimately stopped at a tempoence hotel, from the window of which was suspended a flag with the pori traits of Frost, 1illiamn, and Jornes, with icriptionsto the effect that these worthies were the subjects of GoVerm. ment petsecution. Soon ~Xter alighting Mr. 2rst rerented himself' at the window and addressed the erowd ; he denoutced the Goverj,nment in the msal languige of the Chlnrtista, spoke of his sufferings during his pencl servitude, + and declared his belief that the worng es would never get their gievaraces re&.asd till they got the Charter. HEe had returmed to bis native country after a 14 tears' bsnishanent uniGpairIin bodily health and vigour of innd, and he was determined to devote whateer. talents he had for the goed of the p_oplC. The towr; perfxely quiet, the more reseableportion.of the inhaitmnt teing no partinthe proceeding . . M;USPE2eSIOS-OF A CL];RIeG3J BY; TE :BLRsnIOP:01 LOrcaoN.-The folloiving c hiial notiee us conlained in the EccclsiGrs!cal Ga:cte:- Thie locrd Bishiop o£ .IAdO has, under the provisions of the Act for the M3etteseiforring Church Discipline, suspended tbe Rev. William Libert, M.A., perpetual :cate of Chriscburch, ]a4, froni Ofciating in the id church sud distict or. eluwhere within the dioe of london, and from rewciing nmy of the profits thereof for threeXear&,-and has directedthat such =naendon shall (at te expirtion ot the three Jyeas) furthier oonSitinu inf6rcenntilacertiflcate is lodi;ed int he reg.f~o the diocees, signed by .'hree beneficed clergynen, satisfying thsn Ilison tha the suapensiononay be properly rel&xed."*
I -TRB"AZq7J. I : - - -~~~ -- I- f: l: : 2i (rrox ouR O',,w ". - V~~~~UBLIN, TtnisntY 3MOn?rx.6NG ThE rIPPBItAIY SI-JAn ASADLESIi.. Tha following proceedings took place yesterday "beore Mitr. Murphy, the Master in Chancery "M7ir.T avwz1m on bbhalf of the offical man&ger, moved for an order directinzzpxyrnent by the tontributuries in the c'heinule ef the balane dna bythemin respect to the caU of 40b. per share, after giving theml respe cively credit for all proper dealctions and creditz, as shown by their accounts mwith eTipperary Bank. On the 9th of June, havin~ mroviously settled the list of contributosies. the MastIr alrected that the soveral parties liable should pay to the official manager -what apDesred to be the balance due scs tively by them. A &cll of 402. per share had been nsle. and now, according to the practice l.id down in M L:dlofWs book ontheLWinding-up At, an order was sou-ht to compel James Sadleir to pay the officiLI manager, on a day and a place hereafter- to be namned, a sum of 65,14vT. Is. 3d., which was the amount cI his liability in respec' to the call of 40L per share, after getting all the credits which he was entitled to. There were several other cares of a siinlar kind in the schedule, in eU of which the xecessary order wms sought for by the official manager.. Of aousse, all wre aware that it was stated that on the deciioa in the case of ' O'Fliherty v. WDoweU I' would depend the liablUiy of the parties om the call, but he (Mr. Lawless) did not believe that it did. "Master Murphy.-I have nothing to do vith that. "Mr.Lawless.-The application now was for power to enforce the order of the call for the precise amount due by the contributories respectively. " Master .7urphy caked how the amount was ascertained? "Mr. Lzwless an,wered, that an account was furnishedto cach party, together with a notice cf the application. There was no question of the amount due by each of the contri* hutories. "Mr. Meldon said, he erozmunicatad with mr. Farrer of ihe English Court of Chancery, and he- was following, in the present application, the settled practice of the English court. He was not bonnd to give notice to the contributozies of the appEcation to pay on the order of call, because the f,act of their names being on the list settled their liahilit. Tn tho present case, however, he gave each of the pazties notice, but he had done, o as an act of courtesy, not of dut y. "M2r. Lawson said, on behalf.of Mr. Vincent Scully. irom whom 4,680?. was demanded, that the order ought not to be made. His client had been served with a scire facias, at the suit of several creditors, in the Court of Exchequer. The call upoa him of 402. lipr share was in answer, in point of law, to these actions, and his client was in the lamentable position of being 'held and hit' ant the same time. 4,6g0l. was demanded of him by the official manager, and he vas at the same time cued by individual cemditors. He tMr. Lawson) admitted that there was no answer in point of law to the order, but he subnlitted that, the application of the officlalnanager lies to the discretion of the fiaster, who eught to pay regard to the special facts and circumstances of each particular caio. Mr. YincentSsully was most anrious -ad willing to discharge his liabilitses, but it was not fair that he should be harrassed by different proceedings at the sama time. "Mr. Lawless said that, even if Mr. Scully paid money on account of the actions against him, he could not lead the amount as a set-off. The fact of there being hardebhp3 in ihe case could not influence the Master, and it was the duty of the official manuager to make the present angication. Although the orders were made, the offcialmanrager wzould sot proceed on any of them withouLt giving notice to the party that an application for liberty to do so would be made to the Master, who would then consider the particular circumstances of each case "After some discuasion the Master said, he would make tlhe order sought for by the official manager, who was to observe the terms laid down by his counseL" Some other applications having been disposed of, the solicitor to the official manager proceeded to mnake the followin, statement with respect to the private examination of James Sadleir:- "hIr. Neldon said,-Nou' that the business is over, I consider it necessay to make a few observations with respect to the private meeting to examine James Sadleir. I think it onilv nght and reasquable to state that, if blame is to be attached to any party, I um the person responsible for the act, which originated altog,ether wth myself Previous to mny appointmenLt I was aware, fromn being concerned in a case before the Tipperary Bank failed, that John Sadleir aad purchased a large property in the Encumbered lstates Court, and immediately after I was empowered to act in this matter I discovered that the whole of the property pXrchased by John Sadleir had been conveyed over to trustees of. the London and County Bank. I h1ad reason to believe (and, npon inquiry, the fact tumed out to be so), that the money applied by John Sadleir to the purchase of the property was gotten from the London and County Bakr, and, on looking to the deed, i found that James Sadleir was himself one of the trustees named in the conveyance. Thinking it strange that James Eaileir, iuste_d of protecting the interests of the Tipperary Bank, should himself act as trustee to secure a debt due to the Lnedon and County Bank, I commmunicated my views to the official manager, and our cousel and I were all of opinion that the examination of James Sadleir should be prompt and irmaddiate, and wve further thought that it would conduce to the interest of the creditors, and of all parties inter-sted in the case, to have the examination private. The object of the examination was to ascertain precisely the circumstances under vhichthe large property in question passed from the hands of John Sadleir into the possession of the London and County Banl, and I admit that our object in asling that the examination should be private Was to nrevent the evidence of James Sadleir from being conveyee by -the medirum of the daily papers in 24 hours to the directrs officials, and solicitor of the London and County Bank, aL of wvhom it wvas our determination, as we felt it to be our duty, to examine in this court. Well, Sir, we submitted our views to you, st-ating what vwe believe all parties familiar -swith bankruptcy practice must knowv-that it is every day's practice-in fact, the settled practice of the Court of Bankruptcy, in all important cases, where the solicitor hbaing the carriage of the proceeding certifies to the Court that, in his opinion a private examination is just and proper, for the commissionernottorefuse a privateexamination. Stating ihis, Sir, and submitting to you the concurrent opinion of the official managoer, the counsel in the case, and myself, I subanitted that, un-der the particular circums;tances of the case, it would be judicious in the extreme to have aprivate examination. You consented to have that course adopted. The prvate examination took Place, end you will recollect, Sir that the Pxamination of Mr. lentinge rose entirely out of that of James Sadleir, and was also 3 Private exanination As I have stated, if any partyisto bfame am that party, for I originated the private exation. But I do not thik I am to blame in the matter. I only asked what is done under the ordinary settled practice of anot,her court. The proceedings were quite analogous to those in bank. ruptcy. I protest I do not think that I have atall toblame myself; but I know tbis, that if any one is tobe blamed I am the person, and I take thLs opportunity of saying so. "M haster Murphy.-I don't think blame attaches to a one; on the contrary, I think great credit attachesto alt ;carties connectedcwith this matter. I think- it would be injudicious and ruinous in the extreme to have anything else than a private examination. It was very kind and very right in you, Sir (to Mr. Meldon), to assume the blame, if there were any blame; but, so far from thinking that such is to be attached to any of the parties concerned in the pri. vate examination of James Sadleir, I state unhesitatingly, and after the fullest reflection, that all pasties would have grossly abandoned their duty if they had not required that private examination. The matter has been the subject of ibe stranovtt misapprehension by certain parties, and it is quite rigst, of course, that it should be explained. It has ibsen, I trust,eatisfactoriyexplained, anditonly required explanation that every one mig,ht comprehend the motives whEich actuated these who procoredthe private examination of James Sadleir:' LEBP.y EaEOrro. Lord Castlerosse, the newly appointed Cont-roller of the Royal Household, was re-elected on ,Saturday, atihot opposition. His Lordship was lproposed by the Very Rev. Dean M'Enery, parish priest of Tralee. 3Ir. James O'Connell, brother of the deceased i&berator, seconded the nomination. Mir. O'Connell, in the course of a sensible and matter of fact speech, took occasion to complain of the vast number of lawyers holding seats in the preEent Parllamentr " He (Mf. O'Connell) was a plain country gentleman, and did not know so much of the constitution as many of those who surrounded him, but he confessed he did not think it a favourable circumstance for the British empire that the last Parliament contained almost twice the number of lavwers there had been in any other. (" Hear, hear," and laughter.) There were no less than SOlawyersinthelast Parliament, and such was their anxiety to get into Parlia- sent that we had no less than three of them coming over from England to Irish constituencies, though we had lawyers enough of our own that were quito willing and quite able to discharge their duty. However, they came in. They all made great promises. What were they not to do for Ireland-what were they not to do for the people? Pleages thoy swmallowed by wholesale. There was nothing they would not promise. There ws one gentleman who, he took it for granted, could not get returned in England got returned for Kilkenny. Another, a Yr. Bowyer, got refurned for Drndalk. His friend, Mr. Crosbie, remarked that he was of Irish extraction. He would rather have a nan that was all Irish. (Laughter.) There was another vi:wsa name made bim Irish, but, however, ho was an English lawyer, returned for the county of Wexford, ?iIr. l2Mahon. Now, no doubt, it was a most laudable am- -tiO for eeery man to wsh togoto Parliament and rerepr-e sent a constituency, but thero was something that, did not welr we for the courtry In this great rsh of lawyers. iear.)- The celebrated Lord Chesterfield had spoken of the House of Commons in his day as ai assembly whqre private interest alone was pursued. Now, ho supposed it wes not the intere3t of the country brought over here Mr. Bo-iyer and M-r. Shee and other gentlemen. Cohbett, who possessed a great de-l of common sense and took very sound views of the subject, si-d that his objection to lawyers was that no mater who was Minister, if he were the very devl, hao was sure of having the law,5ers, he had so many baits for t'hem. (Grcat laughter.)" The electors were subsequently addressed at con- lder6.bele lengths by Lord C asterose and Colonel Herbert, the senior member for the county, the latter defenlding the vote he (as a Protestant) gave in apposition to MIr. Spoonler's attempt to abolish theo l3laynooth endowmtent. TM n:ARVEST, The w eather aGain looked up yesterday forenoon, =nd since then re have had. a return of the tropical sunsh hine whieh prevailed for nearly a fortnight, ending on Saturday last. T2he favourable change :has boon gene-al throughout the provinoesy and a week or 10 days' continuanlceof thpe pesen heat and absence of rein would place the great bulk of the Iirve3t beyond harm!s reach. The Cork Examiaer of yesterday rports as follows- l - "The sultry dry weather of last weels was brok'en in this district by heavy rain, which continued more- or lJes until this morniog, whe6 it has taken up fine a$in. Farther west tho rain did not fall until Satuday eveming, and was not so heavy or continuous. As yet We may look upon its effects on the whole as highly berieficiaL -or want of rain the turnip crop had been suffering severely, and pastore had grown exceedingly scarce, while, on the other hand, the unr.pe potatoes and coin crops not yet matured, -wll acquire alarger and more plentiful growth. Wi'th the heat, too, which has followed, and a drying wind, we do not anticipate injury of any serious kIdnd to the ripe gra or potatoes. With regard to the latter esculent, we have learat that blight has appeared in the districts of Cabircizeen and Dingle, .thus showing that it has ectended along alrnost the entire -of the south-west coast; but, in those parts, as well as in all the others where it has been seen, the disease has not got beyond the foliage or stalks at furthest,. and the tubers when dug have proved to be entirely untainted. Of the extensve district lying between Tralee and Mallow,-we can from personal observation state the same. With regard to the cor crop, harvest operations bave already commenced in the most advanced districts, and large euantitie3 of wheat and oats are being cut, and we have heardl also of some fields of barley being cut down. Should the present promise of the weather be folfilled, wa may calculate on the general harvest-work being in foU operation before a fortnight has elapsedY - AER, SMSITH OBR=E'. All -the injudicious attempts have failed to induce iMr. Smith O'Brien to waver in his resolution to., abstain from any demonstration of a pabhlie nature. In the course of a reply to the inhabitants of two parishes in the county of Clare, Mr. O'Brien observes- - - " I am of opinions that, in the present state of public feelingn Ieland, no advantage would arise from the collection of large assoemblages to greet me onmy arrival; at the s3metime I have derivedintenso gratificationfrom observing the satisfaction which my -restoration to myasative land has afforded to a large proportion of my fellow-countrymen. This pleasure has been excited in a high degree while Ibavo revisited the scones in wvhich my eoyhood was passed -scenes of which every spot is familiar to me-seenes in which I have bEen welcomed with kindling or tearful eyes by the aged who have kiiown me since my infancy, and by their chUdren -who have heen taught to consider me as a friend and as a brother. The influence of these associations is apart from all considerations of a politica k-id; but I venture to hope that it is enhanced by one sentiment,which is common to all whose esteem I prize-that of deep attachment to ourbeloved fatherland. To promote the univeisality of this sentiment will be the chief object of my future efforts, and I shall not regret that I have been called upon to endure sufferings for Ireland, if by such sufferingI be enabled to apply myself to this task with augmented success." TBE FUINDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 954 4; ditto, for account, Sentember 12, 953 4 i; Niew Three per Cent. Stock, 95i; ditto, for account. September12, 95Y lii Royal Bank of Ireland (101. paid), 224- City of Dubl,n Steam Company (1001. paid), 63; Mining Company of Ireland (7l. paid), 141; Bailways.-Dublin and Belfast Junction (451. paid), 48 Great Southern and Western (501. paid), 59A; ditto, 4 per cent. p reference (131. paid). 122* ditto, aidin full (201.), -W rs Sonm-3ar (12L. paid), 7f; 7afltdlannd Great Western and Royal Canal (507 paiddJ, 55 ; Waterford and imnerick, 5 per cent. preferejncd (501. paidJ,4Ak aefr end Tramore, paid inL full (1Ol.), 99b. _6 - aefr
NEW BBEED OF MOUNTAIN SHEEP. TO TBE EDITOII. OF THE TM S. Sir,-As you have paid me the compliment of calling ths mountain sheep which I exhibited at the 7orkshire agricultural show '" large, noble-looking animals," and as they were declared by numbers of gentlemen and tenant farmers to be theimost beautiful mountain sheanthey had ever seen, it may be interesting to your readers if 5 describe the breed, as I believe not only the judges, but all who saw% them, were unablo to name the cross by which they had bean produced. Five years ago Ipurchased a few of our comnnmon Louk grayfaced four-year-old sheep off the moors, and a Southdown tup from Captain Duncombe, l.N., of Hilsawick Percy, and by this cross I produced two of the sheep which gained the flirst prize - their mother cost me 14s., and -when fat weighed about lab. per quarter; her ofiL-pring, if Lilled now, would weigh about 301b. per quarter. The Louk sheep are poor ragged-looking armals, with gray, black, or black and white faces, and large horns (the .enistone sheep are whitefaced, and a much lagr breed), their fooa being heather and bent until four or five years old, when they are sold on to the low grass lands, give one crop of lambs, and are then fed for the butcher, and realize about Id. per lb. below the average market price of mutton; they should never be kept a second year on grass, as it is then impossible to fatten them. The Southdown tups I have purchased from Captain Duncombe are strong, bony sheep. Finding the breed to answer, I bought Southdown tups from Mr. Ellman's celebrated flock, which are shortlegge, and of less size than Captain Duncombe's, and it is extraordinary to see how the lambs show the Southdown cross; for out of about 600 not one. ewe has had horns, nor above one-fourth of the wethers, and the bone and shape are like the different breed of tops. A second crosr has proved a decided faiure. The ewes are so like Southdowns that, unless closely inspected, you cansot perceive the difference. Iest year I crossed them witfha Leicester top; this cross has not only exceeded my expectations, but has produced a breed With slightly gray faces, and without horns, which I believe will prove far more valuable for the northern counties than the T eicester sheep. The breed from the Louk ewves are so bardy, that in the most stormy days of winter they, raze in the middle of the fie'd, when the other kinds of sheep are sheltoring under thewalls. The mutton is pronounced by my friends "the best they ever tasted." I have sold it this year by the carease at 9d. per lb., and it always commaiids Id. per lb. in the market over other mutton. The wool realizes 3d. per lb. more than Louk wooL The sheep, on an average, are double the weight of Louk1s. if kept for three years, which is of great importance to breeders as well as consumers. When 1S months old the smallest ewes and wethers are drawn and penned on turnips with a half-aound of oilcake each per day, and a supply of fresh-cut heather, which thy prefer to hay; in a fewv weeks they are ready for t,he butcher; the largestwethers are kept over theyear, the ewves for breeding wiith Lzeicester tops. At the end of October the lambs are penned and treated in Like manner. Should any farraer wish for further information IshalU be happy to give it, or to show mny stock; and if the Royal Agricultural Society will patroniize the breed of mountain sheep by offering prizes I will send to their uext exhibition p ens, of wethers andees deserving of your encomiums and Rloyal patrona-e. T am yours faithfully, Wr. FERRAISD. Harden-grangge, ~B,Ingle Aug. U.-
THE MICENSINZG OF AZEHOUSES. I tO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I deem it right to send you, for pablication, an opinion of the Attorney-General, which I have lately obtained for the guidance of the borough justices and inn- esbect, at this particular time of the year, is one of much inthrest and importance, for there are a large raumier of corporate towns simi7ary circumstancedrto thisvnz., had g a separate comomission of the peace, b'Mt no separate cour ofquartersessions, and where I know, by corre,pondence,nhat the7right of the botough justices to trant ofthe annual alehouse licenses has never been called in I indicate ite principal points of the case below. It is inotended atotaensteps to ave the stautes andphropieryais qoed bnefore theCoxtoft Queens t°JBsenczh in MichaelPmas Termn.I may add- that I amin possessionuof the opzinions of 3Ir. W. H. Watson, Mr. Joseph Addison, Mr. Maisty, Mr. Peshle-y and Mr., Ingham, all snbstantsally to the same effect as taken because it is beelieGveed that bmuost of 5the other cass didn below, which are apprehended to he the wlhole of those bearing on the subject. Yours most obediently, JOHN S. PEACOCK, ClIerk to the Borough Justices. Town Clerk's-office, Mddleabrough, Aug. i J. HEADs OF CASE The case states that this is a "townn corporate," having a separate commission of the peace (not containing any nonintromittanit clause), but no separate court of quarter sessions. That the justices of the borough have hitherto gran-ted alehouse heenses, have appointed a "high constable" coaesmine, and that they have issued their precept to him, and he has given the usual notices prior to the perfoimance of corresponding acts by the county justices. The case further states that there is an existing high cnStable of the division in which the borough is situated. The statutes and cases quoted in the cass are the following-viz. : 9th of George JIV., chap. 61. (the Licensing A~t), sers. 1,6.7,27, and37; Sthand6th of WilliamlEV. chap 76 (the Municipal CorporationsAct), sees.10an11;2t and 13th of Victoria, chap. 18; 13th and1u f itra chap. 91, sec. 9; "1Rem v. Deane andAnte,2,QB. 06; "Rex v. SaiasburyandAnother," 4,T B 45 " v. the.Recorder of Bristol" (decided in 1 )'ieg. v. Dale," 22, L. J. IL C. 44. * TEE TOLLONVNG 'IS 'IIE OPM010q. I am of opinionhthateth borough jusices hav the exclusdive poe fgatn lhuelcne ihnthe borough. I. they have the power at all, they have it concurrntlyorcnonlwihtecutjsie, and the deotrine ld dn in "B. v Sainsy," 4, T. R., applies. "Bat I doubt whether the borough justices have any jurisdiction lasiatflL, The intbiation of -my Opinion is that they have not. Bat the question should -se tried, and receive judicial determination. "The borough of . Mlfddlesbrough not having been constituted into a separate jurisdiction, I doubt whether the justices have any anthority to appoint a high constable. If they have, Mr. Gibson is, of course, high constable. If they have not, and have jurisdiction in grating licenses,;the chief constable of the borough would be competent to do what would otherwvise devolve in a high constabl.e to do in that behalf. The high constable of the division could not, in mony holl?nitona he compe71ed to obey the precept of the berouch iusticcs. ~ ~ ~ ~ th "A. E. COCKBYRN. I"Temple, Aug. S." The Chancel'or of the Exchequer aeknowledges the receipt of the. second halves of Bank of England notes for I20l., Nos. 16,889 for 2:)z. and 11,300 for 1001., correction' of income-taix,~ fro. "H. P." lso the second halves-of for 51. 3Bank of England note3 inl- payment of income-tax, detained through gnorance, from " IX:l." - -
THB .OYAZ CRUISE. DARTMOUTH, AuG. IL ThishighlLy picturesque quaint oid toirn was suddenliy ex cited.by the entrance' into -the -habour of the Royal Squadron, with Her Majesty, Prince Albert5 and the major part af the Royal family on board. The magnificent sheet of deep land-locked water-the embouchure of the Dart-afforded the ;nost ample spacD And secure anchorage for the ships. Her Majesty is accormpanied oxn this excursion by hi; Royal Highness Prince Albert, the Princepf Wales, Princews Royal, Prince Arthur, and Princesses Helen and Louise. In her suite vre the lion. Colonel Thipps and captain Da Plat, the Right Hon. Mr. LAbouchere, SecrUtary of the Colonies; Sir James Clark, Her Madesty's physician; and General Buckley. The Ladies-in-Waiting, the Ron. Miss Byng and Lady Churchill. - The Royal yacht Victoria and Albert stesmed in splendidly, followed in line by the Fairy, Commander Welsh- Irene Trinity yacht, Captain Evans; Vivid, Captain Eden ;BlaeL Eagle, and Salamander. Shortly afterwards. Her Majesty embaked in her barge, and proceeded op the river as far as the village of Dittisbam, which nestles amid its renowned plumtree orchards. The Prince entered on board a new river steamer (the Dartmouth), and ascended nearly as far as Totnes, past the beantiful woods of Sharpham, which lend their charmi to th' rich scenery of the Dart. Both Her Majesty and the Prince expressed their- delight at the attractive features of this lovely river. On their return they landed to take a short inla4d drive, and were received on the steps of the quay by the mayor, aldermen, and council, attended by the corporate officers,-amid the euthuasstic cheers of multitudes assembled on the Espla. nade, called the New Ground. The paaty, occupying three carriages, wrere escorted by Sir Henry Seale to the surrounding heights, which com. mand views of the bay, 'with Start-point, and the lighthouse at its extrenmity. On returning, they were conducted through the grounde of Mount Boone, Sir Henry's residence. - It being the day preceding the Regatta, Her Majesty contributed munificently to the funds, and no doubt thisauspicious visit will greatly enhance the brilliancy and gaiety of the recreation. Hler Xajesty's donation is to be contended for by boatmen of the town. 'With the greatest expedition a triumphal arch of evergreens was constructed on the quay. Numerous flags were displayed frorn. tower and balcony, and the merry peals of bells animated the joyous spectacle. An illumination .which must be very effectively seen from the squadron:, evinces the spirit with which the inhabitants can improvize their rejoicing on this festive occasion. This was most gaciously achkowledged by the Royal Yacht and the Fairy being illuminated with blueIights. TUSnAY loncnriG, AuG. 12. The morning broke cloudy, with slight rain. Wind from the S.W. The Vivid weighed anchor at 6 a.m., and steamed out of the harbour, followed an hour after bv the Blacl Eagle Queen's tender and the Irene Trinity jacht, for the westward. It is reported to be Her Majest' s intention to visit Plymouth aid the Channel Islands before her retain. Captain Goodridge, of the Courier steamboat, is the Chaunel pilot in charge of the squadron. (BY ELECllRIC TELEGRAPH.) PLYMOUTH, TuESDy EvzzniG. The Royal squadron, from Dartmouth, entered Plymouth Sound this forenoon. The Victoria and Albert steamed into Hamoaze, and was moored near the Rubble-bank. The accustomed salutes were fired, and every ship of war and merchant vessel in port were simultaneously decked I with colours. At 5 o'clocL this afternoon the Queen paid a visit to the Earl of Mount-Edgecumbe, and then proceeded to Mount Wise, where Her Majesty was received by a guard of honour, who formed an escort to the residence of the Por' Admiral, Sir Wiliam Parker. About 3 o?clock his Royal Highness Prince Al-bert, accompanied by the Prince of Wales, and attended by Colonel Phi ppa and Captain Dae P1st, landed attlse Keyham steam yard, throulgh the works of which they were escorted by Admiral Superintendent Pluinridge and the prinoipal offidert-s, and attended by Admiral Parker, General E;den, and their staffs Rehin sea At 6 o'clock the Royal visitors embarkeed forMount Wise, where they joined Her Majesty. The Royal family returned to the yacht in the evening. It is stated that to-morrow (Wednesday) the Qaeen will go up the River Tamar, to visit Earl St. Germans. It is also stated that the Royal squadron will leave early in the morning for Jersey and Guernsey. Some members of the Royal family experienced inconvenience from the boisterous state of the weather during the passage from Darntmoath.
THE INDrAZ CIL SERVICE BXA2IKATzON. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your University Intelligence, under the head of "Oxford," you givea list of the successful candidates from that University, who stood respectively, 10th, 11th, 16th, and 19th; but you add, " There were, we believe, only seven Oxford candidates." Now, Sir, I have only to refer you to Mr. Vernon Smith's speech in the House on the 21st of July, to show you that, upon his authority, there were -10 candidates from Oxford. The reason that the point is important is, that Trinity College Dublin, which failed altogether last sent np but eight candidates this year, and was also successful in four instances, her men standing 4th, 7th, 9th, and 20th. And since arivalry exists,-it is but fair that matters should be stated truly. I am myseit a graduate of the University of Dablin, and I would wrish through your columns to make generally known the effect upon that colleg of the smal proportion of marks given to Mathematics. I unhesitatingly assertthat, though our men sent up at this examinaon were men of great. ability, many of those who presented themselves in 1855 would have succeeded far behtter at any of the learned professions, especially the bar, the duties of which are most analogous to those of the East Indian civil servant. Now, Sir, I need hardly tell you that the Dublin University has never yielded the palm for mathematical acquirements to any educational establishment, anld, indeed, at the examination in 1855 the highest score in mathematics was made by a Dablinstudent; but that score 'was so smal in comparison to those made in English, in Latin, in Greek, and even in the modern languages, that not one single Dublin masn 'who was remarkable as a mathematician thought of presenting himself at the examination just past. Indeed, but one of the Dublin candidates (aud ie, too, proved unsuccessfult ever obtained as a sophister a mathematical honour, and that candidate relied principaly upon his knowledge of other subjects. lTowv, Sir, it is certain that none of the subjects studied for this examination will prove individually of much advantage to the saccessful candidate wvhile pursuing his avocations in India, though an extenbive course and large comcetition is no doubt the only way to obtain good men, but it is equay certain that the study of mathematics more than of any other subjects tends to improve the reasoning powers, and tolead to quickness and accuracy of decision,capatities wvhich are especiaDy required by those vho are to fill the posts of magistrates and judges in amighty empiro. I know nothing of the effect of this allotment of marks upon the other universities, but I think the fact that the mathematicians of at least one university have given over the contest must show that there is something defective in the system, which it would be well to remedy. In 'conclusion I may state that I distinguished myself in mathematics, but was deterred from being a candidate this year solely in constequence of failure last year of my mathematica friends, but that it is not from selfish motives I write this, as my age would not permit me to compete at the next examination, even though twice the number of marks was allowed to mathematics which I sincerely hope will be the case. Way I jhopo thatyon 'will tbrow your great weight into the scale with the mathematicians, and then they may hope to have a change effeced. Hoping it you hat iart this, I remain, Sir, vours most obedipntly- A GRADUATE OF TRfi Sii:Y COLLEGE DTrRr.Tv I London, August 12. -
SHIPWREC AND Loss OF Lxs.-Intelligence has jus reached Exeter of the wreck of thelldina,mrdi ese of that port, with the loss of five lives. Theila vessel ahed from p newcstle on the 28th of February for Rio Grande, with the maser, lfr. Walter Rek% anda crow of. seVen persons. About 100 miles north of Rio Grande she encountered a terrific hu.ric4ne, which carniHe away her bowsprit, stancheons, &-c., as8 well as the foremast, with which five of the crew fell, and two of the poor fellowa were drowned; the remainder ereovered the deck uninjured. Soon afterwards the vesel became a complete wreck-, andthemastersucceeded in swimming ashore, where he slept on a desolate beach for the night without any covering. The mate, after clinging to the wreck through the whole night, also succeeded in swniming ashore. A bo belonging to the vessel, after the wind and sea had abated, walked ashore, after being on the wreks for 33 hours. He reported that Charles Hancock the seond mate, of xeaton, Devonshire, in attempting A landing was drowned, and tlat a y!oung maan -named John Hales died in the nighit from cold, wet, hunger, and exposure Five out of tle eight perishe, and the remaining three hadl well-nigh died from aol and hu rnger. 'After twvo or three days' suffering they fell in with three Portuguese fishermen, who teated then kindly, and theywere subsequently conveyed to Rio Grande, from which place the master has written to his friends in Exeter a full account of the shipwreck- and maelahbcholy loss of life. .AT-rmm'Tx SuiCrDp AT SHAsxsPRAsx's Cnrrr, Dovxn-A few days ago, between l and 2 in the afteroon, a Coastguardsmann on watch at Shakspeare's Clif perceiving a womani in a recunibent poition a little wamy down the cliff, ran to the station, wtenosthe chief boatmnan, Alfred Clarke, and his ment hastened to the sot with a r~ope. The woman was abouat S0 feet down the faice of the cliff~aseep. Clarkce had the rope fastened around him and descended,-but on reaching her found somes difficulty in arousing her ; andl when she was fihly awakened she struggled hard to free herself from her rescuer. Eventually, however, another muan descended to the assistance of Clarke, and all three were drawn up in safety. On reachinig the top the woman said, "I don't thank you at all I wished to die, butnotto throw myself off - andbefore Ivwent to sleep 1,prayed that I might roll over iefore I awaked !"' It appeared shie had taken laudanum, but not sufficient to. destroy lIfe, although it stupefied her. h ut it is marvellous how she could bave slept an sujch~ a position. Her hip was resting on. a ledge not six inches wide, her legs hung down, and her body reclined on the ledge with her head against the cliff. The leaAtmovement would bave; inevitably crast her over. The poor woman was shortly afterwards taken to the Female Home, when it was asce.rthined that she had left her father's house about 10 days before, Her parents were written to, who were but too glad to receive tiding's of their loBt daughter, whom they had been vainly seedng fto.;i thte time of her departure.-Sourn Eastems G=M4rc
- - .-.- .-- - -- --- - OF .- l .NCX . - . . .. K ~~~~~CHELTENHAA4 iAUG. 12. Z-. Grove, P.M.., delivered a lectur last evening. ait the College to a numerousl a%.embl of the membess of the British Association " On Correlation of Physic.lSeience." The business of miost of the sectiois was brought to a closo about 4 o'clock to-day. The attendance in All the sections doring this meeting has been very 'hasp; the mo3t attractive sections being C anct E/, whichliave been fnU every day, the ladies forming considerably the larger portion of tlhe audiencein these departments. The foliowingpaper3 have been read to-slay:- SECTION A.-MA eEUTrcAT PAN vgSCM, 'SCIENCE. Sir W. S. Harris.-On the law of olectrica and magnetie force. l'rofessor Chevallier.-On the tideS o}f ova ScotIa. Professor Thomson.-On Dellman's method of obs'heinge atmospheiic electricity. r Dr. Gladstono.-On some dichromasic phenomena, among solutions, and the means of representing them.. W. IL Grove.-On the straified appearace of the elecric discharge inrarified gases. Dr. Lee.-On Come remarks of Dr. Barkers' on the ozonometers of Dr. Schoenhein and Dr. Koffatt. W. *Wbitehouse.-The law of the squares-is it apli. cable or no to the transmission of signals in. submanrne -wires?. C. Maxwell.-On the theory of compound colours, particularly the mixture of- blue and yeUow. C. MaxwelL-On the unequal sensibility of the foramen centrale to light of different colors.- C. MaxwelL-On a method of drawing the theoretical forms of Faraday's lines of force without calculation' J. T. Graves.-The polyhedron of forces. H. Jeffery.-On a new theorem in combinations. Professor Stoney.-On a coUimator for completing the adjustmentas of reflecting telescopes. Scros B.-C3 CAL ScEX . - The paper by Professor Bunsen and Dr. H. B. Roscoe on "Photo6hymical Researches," read yesterday, stated thatthe method pursuedby them-in-attempting to obtain'a rmea-sure of the chyaical action of light was to evolve a mix%ture of hydrogen and chlorine by the decompositicn of hydrochloric acid by a galvanic current. This miuxture of gases is sensible in a high degree. So far their experiment was the same as Draper's; but they soon found -that by using his methodAhe resilts were incorrect, owing to his machine having no regular pressure of the gas in it, and also the mixture of the gases beingvariable in proportion. By their method they elininated these errors, so that they found their machine give constant comparable results. They also found that the chymical acUton varied iinversely as the square of the distance friom the source of li-ht. Mr. WOBSSLEy also read a paper on Dr. Guett's improve- I ments in making iron and cast- steel. This process was worthy of notice, it being one of the earEest attempts made tointroduce intoEngland tho principle of gas fuel ia more perfect manner than has yet been effeeted. The principle was to reduce and carbonize iron ores, such as hnometic and other ore free frorm snlphur and phosphorus, by passing gas produced in a generator through a column of ores, syplying at the same timc air enough to burn a lortionof thc gas in order to give the temperature necessary to the reduction of the ore, and the carbonization of the so reduced iorn, and, secondly, to melt the produce in a second furnace. The following were the papers read in this section today:-_ Dr. OdEung.-On the detcstion of antimony for medical and le"al purposes. Dr. C)dlng.-On the alkaline emanations of sewers aid cesspools. Dr. J. H. Gladstone.-On the salts actunaly present in the Cheltenham and other mineral waters Rev. C. Pritchard, MILA., F.R.S.-On the gases of the Grotto del Cane. Rev. W. iditehell and Professor J. Temiant.-On a series of descriptive labels for mineral collections in public institutions. Henry Wright.--On the use of he gramme in chymistry. Dr. GILBERT read a paper on the products and constiitution of wheat grain. Dr. Gilbert's paper contained the results of a large number of experiments made by himc and Mr. Lawes, during a period of several years, upon wheat grown in this coutry as wrell as abroad. Dr. Gilbert subjected the various coarse and fine varieties of flour to analysis, and showed that the nitrogen increased in proportion as the sample was coarser and contained more bran. The four that contained least nitrogen was that which took up least water in the process of bread-making, and an interesting question arose as to the nutritive value of bread containingmulch or no bran. Dr. Gilbert's opinion being in favour of the latter, ns far as working men are concerned, notwithstanding the theoretically higher value of bread containing bran. Another interesting facB stated by Dr. Gilbert was that the Black Sea vheat in Europe and the Southern State wheat in America were far richer in glaten than those from more northern latitudes, those from Dantsic containing least gluten, while they stood highest among bread-malkng grain. The character of the gluten sremed dependent in some degree on its oily constituent and therefore the quality of the bread depends onthe maturation of the seed. Dr. R. D. TsomsorrN remarked that the value of bread might depend on the state of hydration of the starch and gluten; DUt was doubtful as to the value assigned to the nutritious qualities of starch, as the French chymists proved that the starch was often left undigested. Dr. 'V'oxncssxn stated that he had arrived at similar experimental conclusions as Dr. Gilbert, but while he acinowledged that starchy bread was mechanically the best, he conibated Dr. Gilbert's view, that this was the most wholesome kind of bread for the working man. Be traced the phosphoric acid fonnd by Dr. Gilbert in the bran to phosphorus contained as such in the gluten, Dr. Voelcker ha ing found this element in caseine and leguniine. Dr. ODNG, J. H. P&ASAL, Mr. MA5XLYss, and Mr. WoRsessy took part in the discussion that followed. After Dr. Gladstone's paper some discussion took place as to the nature of chynucal ainity, Dr. Oding ca31ing in question the prevalent views on the subject, more especially what has bcen called elective a9inity. MIr. Maskelyne supwrted the other side of the subject, agreeing, however, with sr. Gladstone on the necessity of a better system of expressing the results of analyses. SEmcoN C.-GEOLOGY. The proceedings commenced this morning by two papers, one read by Mr. J. Beete Jukes, on the a'teration of clay slate into mica schist and gueiss by the granite of W,icklow, &c., and the other by Mr. T. C. Sorby. on the microscopical structure of mica schist.. These papers were both on the same subject, Mr. Jukes proving on a large scale the results that hr. Sorby had doduced from microscopical examinations. The nextpapers were by Professor Harkness, onthe jointing of recks; by Professor Ro,-ers, on the origin of saliferouq deposits; by Mr. Etherdge, on the igneous rocks of Lundy and the Bristol District; by Mr. Mushet, a description of an ancient miner's axe in the forest of Dean; and by Mr. Baily on fossilsfrom the Crimea. This was, as might be expected, a most interesting communication upon some fossils collected by Captain C. F. Cockburn, of the Rtoval Artillery, principally in the southter end of the Cimeaf many of the fossils hainag been obtained from the trenches, others by Major Cook, Poyal Engineers, and Lieutenant-Colonel C. L. Cocks, Colds'.ream Guards. Sir lt. Musscarsos, in a few remarks on the subject, stated that he hoped in future that when any- enedition was sent from England a body of scientific men would be attached to head-quarters. Mr. 3. P. WOODWARD nalso made a tew remarks on the shells which had been described, shovdng the gradual filling apof the communicafion between the Aral, Caspian, and MI^c Seas. SEcTIoN D.-ZOOLsKGT AD BoTANv, INCLUDUNG Prc- BIOoOGY. Professor Henslow.-Report on typical forms of natural history objects for museums. J. S. Bowerbank.-On the vital powers of the spongiadae. Dr. W. B. Richardson.-Resultsi of experiments on the fluidity gf the blood. Dr. Lankester.-Oa fungi founad in well water at Cirenw cester. Professor Corbett.-Observations on the Acalephsa, with respect to the organs of circulation and respiration. Dr. Lindsey Lander.-On the genus Abrothallus. Maxwell Mnsters.-Exhibition of an abnormal growth in a trunk of the rosewood tree. Dr. Lankester.-Report on the periodic phenomena of plants and annimals. WilliamThompson.-ExhibitionDofphotographs of natural history objects. Ja.W. Salter.-A comparison between recent andpaleozoic forms of Echimodermata. Spence Bate.-On a new form of crustacean. Slr homas Phillips.-On an instance of instinct in insects. Professor G. B. Enovles.-On the motions of oseillatorine. William E. C. Notrse.-Suggestions for ascertaining the cause of death in animals. Pzrofessor Gcodsir.-On the morphological constitulion of limbs. Dr. W. Macdonald.-On the homogres of the vertebrate skeleton. Dr. A. Waller.-Experimental researches on the eye. SECoTION B.-Gos?ssY AND rTNioLOGY. Dr. BAE, in this section yesterday, made some remarks upon the Esquimaux, and referred to his intercourse with that tribe during his explorations ia search of Sir Johil Franklin in theAretic Seas. Sir R. J. Musemsso referred with much feeling to the failue which had attended all the expeditions sent to that region in search of the lost navigator. Sir J. Franklin had been a dear friend. Be (Sir R.. J. Murchison) was President of the Royal Geographical Society when Sir John Franldin undertook his last and fatal enterprise, and he held tho opnison (an opinin sh-ared in- by the Pre3ident 6of the 'Royal Society, by Lord Ellesmere, and bv many other learned 'ad distin. guished persons) that it was the bounden duty oi the country not to leave unsearched the smal area in which the Erebus an Terror must still be frozensiip. Itwas wel known that in those frigid zegions everything was preserved for many years without a symptom of decay, andastheEsquimaeux, even iso minded, hWd ot the means of breaking upthe heavy timber and ironwork of the vessels, they must still be lying within a. radius of some 200 or 300 mailes. If a diligent search were madein that loulity, he had no doubt but that the longboats might be recovered, and with them, in all probability, therecords of the encedition. Be wassrethe publiowould be interested to hear that the committee of the section of geography and'ethnology had that day passeda resolution to present a memorial to the First Lord of the Treasury, in common with other leaned societies, praying that the Governmnent would- sanction another expedition to makIe a renewed search for the renains bf Sir John ranklin and his gallant band.. (Appiause.) .BRurs Joun'Ey OF -onD. D. LTviiGsoTOX AC.oss - SOTHERS N OE AYr5CA. : At the meeting of this section this mornin, Sir RODsEBICKc ldUisCMSsN coinmunicated portions of three loug and descriptive letters recently received by bim from the eminent explorer and suoooessul missionary, Dr. n. Livingstone, who had reached the Portuguese settle-.1 - nent of Tete on tho east, having re-trarersed Southern Mricafrom St. Paul diLaondo on the wet coast. Dr. rvingstonehad,i fi . ded the faitUtil n wh li ae cWnverted-Ic Chria=nity to thfeir own Iolla the. mer having acted s huis Ir taoUghon t bisp o joumeys. -The, map: orijainally s citcted by Dr. Li ' stone, of this vast unexplored rgion, bavipgdeteieiined the longitude'ard,2ltithde oll man places, his been. forsome time in preparation:by A.Arowaowith, and the letters nowt aeceived -willI: occasion ctrtain changes in ie i zespectst he. direction in which somue of the central yivers flowj. Passing'rapidly ov'er a number of highly interest. jag- detils, wiic'h ,,1l be published in the voilues of the IRoyal Geographial Society, Sir. Roderick road those passages of the- letter which confirm by actual obseeration a theory-he (Sir R. Murchison) had formed in 1852 res9ecting the probable physical condition of the interior of f ica inancient as well as in modern times, as deducted from an easmiuation of the geological Map of the Cape 'colony by Ms. Bain, and the earlier discoveries of Dr.-Liviogstone and his asociates aroundrLake .'LuMi, i that high crests of hard .rocks constituted the easternand westein1aml-s of the groat continent, through which the rivers escape by deep tran~ierse fissures from a comparatively low and flat marshy regiiin, intersected by aprofusion of rivers and lakes. In the central region the watersheds are determined by slight elevations only, some of the rivers flowing northwards into the Congo or Zaine, 2nd others int-o the Zambesi, down the barks of which the author travelled' The chief geological' features 'of the easteirn' and western; flanking ridges of the continent are described; the rind al altitudes having bedri approximately estimatedtbyh te ebeu ticn of wrate. On approachingthe tract whece he was pnce 3noretobein communicationvwitheivilizedbeings,Dr Livingstone gives a very striking accouat of the scenery around the great falls of the river Zambes4 where that- broad stream, afterrushingoverrapids,is i-addenlycompresseiintoanarrow gorge, and cascades over a stupendous precipice, fringed on all sides by the richest and most pictorial vegtation. The roc'ky flanling ridges -nr:a verysalubirious-, and, while in then the traveller als were not molested by the _Tsets(6 or des'ractivd' insect, and it is suggested that the~oseansstoria may extend mnuch farther to the north. The -third and last letter, which was written'when 'the author's perils and a'oours had terminated,. glves-a general riew of the ethnology and general habits of the various tribes of .Aiicans, among whomDr. Lushingtonlived, andwithwlioselanguagehe is familar.. He assigns a mnanifest superioritr t Dthe 1nhabitants of the hilly coimtries, aid particularly to -the Caffre-Zuah race. ie a3lso states thst the B;ble has been ncarly all translated into Sechuana, or the dialect of the Bechuanas, the most regalarly-developed of the. iNegro languagez. " Of its capabilities (he adds) you may judge,- when I- mention that the Pentatench is fully expressed in . considesably fewer wordq than in the Greek Septuagint, and ia a very greatly less number than in our verbose English version." After : sketeh of the zoology and botany of these regions,.and an account of the prevalent disaases of the natives, Dr. Living. stone,having given the histcryof the successivepccounts narrated by the Portuiguese, oi their efforts to penetrate into the interior, modestly expresses his belief that he is the first European who has travelled across South Africa in the same latitudes. He then speaks of his intention to revisit Britain, but v'ith the firm resolve to return to South A.rica and prosecute his sacred mission, and concludes in these words :-"I feel thank-ful to God who has preserved mylife, while so many who couldhavedone moregood have been cut off. But I am not so much elated as might have been expected, for the end of the geographicd feat is but the begmnnmg of the missionary enterprise. Geographers labourmgto inake.men better acquainted with one another, soldiers fighting against oppression, andsailorsrescuiugcap. tives in deadly climes, areall, as wellksmissionaries; aiding inhastening a glorious consummation of God's dealings to man. in the hope that I 3nag yet be permitted to do some good to this poor, longtrodcen-down Africa, the gentlemen over whom you have the honour to preside will, I doubtnot, cordialy loin. In c6nclusion, Sir l{oderick directed special attention to the very great merits of Dr. lAvingstone, who -had been honoured with the gold medal of the Royal Geographical Society for] having previously traversed Africa fromthe Zambesi to the Portuguese city of St. Paul 'de IAonde, and having adverted to the remarkable and extensive travels of Dr. Barth, in Central Africa, vho had justly received a similar honour, as well as to the prospects of a great exploration up the Niger, and to the Iofty mountains and large body of water to the west of Zanzibar, on the east coast, he congratulated the asrembly, which was very numerous, on the hope, we oight now rationally entertain, of seeing civilization extended to many tribes of Africa in which Europeans might live in health. The following papers were also read:- W. B. Baikie.-On recent discoveries in Central Africa. and the reasons for addition;l research. John Locke.-The Syio-Arabian Railvway, a new route to India. Colonel Atwell Lake.-AL original letter from General hiouravieff. Professor Hennessy.-On the homolographicala maps of M. Babinet. I. Cull, F.S.A.-On a more positive knowledge of the changes, both physicnal and mental, in man, with a view to ascertain their causes. Dr. L. R. Daa.-On the Varanger Fiord. Dr. L. K. Daa.-On the T'otenic System of the Ugrians (Finns), Albanians, and other populations. Dr. L. IL Daa.-On the relation of the Siberian and Armenian languages. At the conclusion of the business of this section this afternoon, at a-quarter past 3; o'clock, Colonel Sir . E Awsaso_s, the Pxesident of the Section, desired to express the thanks of the Association, and particularly of that section over which he-presided, to the inhabitants of Cheltenham for the kind recertion they hd given, and the ample accomodationthey hd provided for the Association during the present-meeng SsECrsOS SC-lcoo, Sc-Ex r STATISIICs. James Yates, ALA., F.R.S.-lustrations of the metrical system of measures, weights, and coins. I Major-General Sir Charles W. Pasley, C.B., ILE., F.B.S. -Plan for simplfyingandinmprovingthe measures, weights, and money of this country without materially altering the present standardL. SamnelBrown, F.S.S.-Or the advantage to statisticel science of a uniforni decimal system of measures, weightsJ, and coins, thlroughout the world. Btev. John Clay.- On the relation b3etwreen crime, schooling, attendance on religious worship, and beerhouses.- H. W. Hunisey, F.R. C.S.-On the territorial distribution of the population for purposes of social and sanitary economy. Mr. R. H. WAssH, L.L.B., late WhatelyProfessor of Political Economy in the University of Dublin, also read a paper on " observations on the present export of silver to thoe East." .Ilr.Walsh commencedby stating that sofar baclk as the time when Pliny termed it the sink of the Precious metals silver was a favourite article of exprt to the East It has continued so since, but the trade of late has assumed an extraordinary magnitude. In the five years prior to the present over 22,000,0001. worth of silver havebeen expoited to the East through England alone, and from other countries a similar movement, hasbeen in operation. The export in 1855 was 6,400,000?., and tlis year it is proceeding at the rate of over 9,000,000?. per amnmn, judging from the returns that havebeen published for the first four months. Unlike the oldmovement, the present cannot be permanent. The former was s-ldom more than might be accounted for as the distribution of silver to some of its chief consumers-the nations of the East-according as new supp1ies were raised eLsewhere, It was, in fact, the ordinarymovementfromthe producer to the consumer. But now silver goes faster to the Eaetthanitisproduced throaghout the wvorld. Henni the process cannot be permanent, hut must come to an end as soon as the redistribution of the oldstock;hasbeen effectea; for the annual production of silver is only about 8,000,0001., and since the export to the East throughEnglandalone is atthe rateof over9,C00,0001., it follows that it cannot be the new supplies of silver which meet that demand and all others for the same metal, but that there must be some auxiliary fund to be drawn upon. Such a fund is furnished by a cessation in the demand for silver in several countries which before employed it most largely, but now use gold instead. In a paper -brought before this association at Glasgpwlast September, Ihad occasion'to notice that silver, which used to be coined in France and the United States at an average rate of 4,000,0001. per anmrn, is now little employed, while much of the old coin of that metal is melted down and exported. In France, it is said, that in one year, 1853, so much zs 12,0000,000. were disposed of in this manner, and that the operation has since been procesding at a still greater rate. All this acts in the sa e -wayas if a silver California had been discovered. No one thinks it extraordinary that gold is exported on a large scale frcen the aurifcrous regions to the various nations which -use ihat metal; bui it is qdnte as natural to suppose that when large supplies of silver are thrown upon the market (it matters notCwhether newly extracted from the eartlh, or just taL-en from the melting- pot) they would find their way to thome places -where silver is generally employed. ButIndia China, and other Eastern nations come -tnder this description, and hence the late extraordinary exportation. As this cause is a novel one, there is an inclination on the part of somewho call themselves practical men to adopt any other rather than it. Eperience gives no inistanca of any such, and hence these who look to their personsL. experience alone are completelyatfaltwhendiscssing this qutes:iion. Some talk of the balance of trade; others of an increased importation of tea and silk from China; and a third set of investigators enuncate details of the machinery of the foreign exchanes by wvhich the transmission is effected. But such pessons forget that - the export of silver is just as likely in the abstract to be the cause as the effect of the " balance," or "increased importation,", in which they dogmatically assume it originated; and that, as for the details of the foreign exchanges, they merely-tell us. hove and notwhy they export takes place. Yet all this while the question presents, wsmdifficulty whatsoever, when tT-n facts9 are noticed iai juxtaps'ition,-one, the great cessation in the demand for slver in countries which empeloyed a doubile standard; the other, the circumstance th e Eastern ntions habitually nse silver on a large scale, especirly in their currency. er thatthere is notbing to be said to complete the expltion, exeept to call to mind that when the suppy of any article is unuusally great compared with the number of consumers, it mnust find its way -to thiese latter in quantities proportiohnlly augmented ; and that such is the casentpresent with the article silver, the principal consumers of which are the nations -of the East. The papers read to day ware: -- ?,A. Ro1th, hLD7-Aphoristic notes on saiitary statistics of workhouses and charitable institutions. Cadogan Wiffiams.-On deferred annuities as a provision: for the wordrin classesin old age,- - - SzCrrOX G,-MgCa.LgscIC zScrgCg. At the meeting this morning Mr. W. Clay read a paper "On the manufacture of th la:rge vrought iron gun made at the Mersey Ironworks, iMverool, an on other large masses of wrought iron." Mr.. Clay commenced by expressing his regret that the circulars st ordered to b3 sent last year to engieers, ironmasters, and manufacturers, hythe comr ittee appointed' to institute an inquiry into the best means of ascertaining those properties of metals, and effects o various modesof' treating them, which ere of ' otnnce to the efficiency and duability of artillery, were not made more general and- public.- H e ws only madie awre that day, on lookigover thereport of the BitishAssoci tion for the 'pe;tyear, that su;rh a comnmittee had been formed, and thattheyhad receied opinionsfrom sore of the fnost We'a t eiieerrs of the present da&y, which opi- uslo3ns with 8i =r d w i the Inufactuxe of wrought iroiv b ia deciadetldaeadri. tion of irm of whichb -* gqm tagW be iuide, and;Uleded for is experient a roaw ler e& i the trongest pishe coald-oUgs, taking can that tih iron hlde dxla pesible befoe :it ecuneto be at into the gun. A cpre was first prepr the full ksgUh of the gun, and a certain diameter. lhis aore. wa intended to -be bored out. Aseries e Fbare werethenpacked riund the core, aud agin head filortea ttbier prer dspe; aGother sernes of.bhz-'*e, packed jheu Eli heated dnd.worked perfecty sou- l anoter n& largerseries of bars wvere required, plisoedi;on tudznaliy, and. even thesie were far from tbieirequiredT The' gor altboughi larger thun any ever previously made reouared t be augmented- in its diameter a. the breacli :b 12' iaches, which wa aocompliboedby two layers of iroupseinsuch a manner as-to resemble hoops,- This b welded round, the for gng of the gun.-a Uaccompied. The borin> ras el'ects an crdinar powerful lathe, th6 first bore"being 1L inches in diumeter, consi'n- of a drill of -sercvn inhes,- nd a facutter.- of two inches The second cut three-quarters' -of .'awinch on each side- making the bore 19- inche; -.u& the third, or -finishing cut, of r quarter of ain ,c-s cg plated the bore.- He mi'ght remark that the bormg was not a worlk of very great expense or labour; onr the c*SM- trary, the-process went on so rapidly-that he Was uniable teprepare the fresh boring heads fast enough. The tniuion oops were made in separate rings, and were shrunk p. the body of the metal. Eaving described tfie 'nanuficture of the gun, Xr. Clay read the report of its trials at'ortli Shore, near Liverpool, by Captain lYandeletr, Gnmiery Inspect6r of the lBoyal Araen -Woolwich; and -Wafter' 'uards-proceeded to lay before the section the result of his experiments with regard to the crystallizazion of l prge masses of iron by long-contnined beat-i' a mainta2ed that, however iron may be crystallized by exposure to heat, or carlessly burnt, awhich was'te sale thmg, 1t, fibre might be restored by workiug eitber nder the hammaer or in the -rolls. le was also of opinion that snother.reason why laxge-forgings fail '- the uneven contrat+ion of the heated iron. Papers wrere also read by,- T'he Earl of Harrowby.-Beport of tae PatentL Tawr Committee of the British Association. 'W.-A. Macfie.-On the P atent IAws. A. lenderson, M.S.A., C.E., MG.S.-Report on _the Condition of Life Boats and lising Boats, nd the mensg of establishing them ramund the C0ost - . ' - ' - 2Mzaior Viucent Xyre.-On the Application. of Corrvugae Mfeaf to ships, boats, and other floating bodies. 'William Smith, C.E.-On improved Mechanical Means for the Extraction of Oil, and the Economical Manufact of Manures from fisl and fishy matter. Dr. Sibbald.-On a NewPlin for a Ship Communioator. The President's dinner wil take Dlia 'B this evening at the Boyal Old WFells Spa. Covers aro laid for 300, and, the dinner is entrusted to Mr. Davis, of the Queen'sHoteL- LwgAT5 ldorxois At the meetingof themathemnatical section (&) of the British Association at Cheltenham' on August 9), Mr. Srao0ss read a paperon lunar motion, of which this is ua abstract :-No mathematicians either misunderstood- the motidn of the moon, which hia deen J j correcty and lucidly explained by Professor Whmwell; nor were, the likely to be misled by the modern astronomical use of the terse. "rotation" as applied to it, or to fancy that any point in-te3 moon's circumference tnmed more than 36 degrees in making her orbital revolution. But it was far otherwise -with the bulk of the people, 'who, being told in all astronomical books that the moon rotated once on her own axis, in addition to her revolution once in he'r orDi1;, conid derive no other impresiop than that she spis round like a pegtop, which, together with her t r round in her orbit, would cause her to make twoe revolutions, turning different faces successively to the earth; whereas, in order to k:een the same face towards it, it was necessary that she should so turn as if she were rigidly attached to the centre of her orbit, le *ished so to define it. He was glad- that Professor Wheiell had distinctly stated that her movement night be thus correctly described; though he differed from him in prefering the mathematical mode of describing it, as one of " rotatiou." Some astronomers, sueh asWoodhouse, Tince, end others, had added, that the fact that the moon rotated on her axs in the same time as sne revolved in her orbit was "an extraordinary coincidenco.' This synchronlic movement was, on the contrary, a physical necessity; and he was inclined to tAinlk that by us'in such an expression the old astronomers really mistook the moon's movement, and that modern ones -had inadvertently copied these descriptions, ;nowing better, just. as Newton had calculated the height of tides in lanna seas, of which modera astronomers denieEd the existenca Mr. Symons showed the three different modes' in w hich the moon, or any sphere, might turn round a distant centro, by means of a simple instrument, by which!he first gave the motion popularly understood by astronomical descriptiens of one orbitallrevolultion, plus one axia rotation, whereby a point of the moon's circumference would point twice round space; secondly, that by which she preserves her parallelism, pointing always one way in apace;-and, thirdly, her simple motion of revolution. The two former were both produced by wheel turning on their own axes; the second having a retrograde motion, neutralizing the direct revolution of the disc on which it was carried round; the third or lunar motion was alone produced without any vheel or axis, the ball being fixed firmly to the revolving disc ; the latter alone presented the same fce tothe centre of orbit, turning the opposite fac succesively once round space. It had been attempted to show theseparate rotation of thie moon round her axis bylibrationsi which hrr. Symons contended eould at tbo utmost prove rotation only to the exact extent of the minute zone disclosed by the libration, which in some degree, he submitted, mih t be accounted for by the change in the angle of pa=a caused by her vi g distanrces from the earth in her ellipticalorbit. lle rdiculed theattepttoshow the ]revious motion of a body ceasng to revolve in space by stickinga syindle throug'h a ball fixed to a revolving rod, clearly changing the resultant of the forces by the- mechanical axis, and giving scope to the tangential -momentum without any counteracting oentripetal force. M1r. Symons then reverted to the misimpression and confusion rising from the mathematical application of the term rotation to this lunar kid of revoluton. lie laid especial stress on the tendency it would have to increse the ambiguity and want of precision in the terminology of practical mechanics. - A learnedjudge, in a recent action on a patent, had corn- lamed that there were not moro and exacter definitions' of mfferent kinds of motion; and, were the mathematical defi nition ofrotationto be generallyintroduced, it-would greatly increase the ambignity of patents, and litigation therefrom. It was, he affirmed, a modern change in the ordinarv definition, whimls was fornnerly confined to revolving bodies in which any points formed concentric rings roun3i a centre, within them. No point inthe moon did this;- ll points in her (her own centre or axis included) formin concentric ringarond the distant centre of her orbi. This was a distinct species of revolution, whether considered - geometrically, dynamically, or mathematicallv; and it re qnired a distinct name. Be cited these Fasaes from Br low's Miathematical Dictionary, to establish this as the old "Betaation.-The motion of the different parts of a solid body about an axs called the axis of rotation, being thus distinguied from the progressive motion of a body about some distant point or centre i thus the diural motion of the earth is a motion of rotation, but its annual motion one of revolution - .... When a solid body turns round an axis, reDaining its shape and dimensions unaltered, every particle is actually describoing a circ.e round tbis.axis, which axis passes through the centre of the circle a is perpendicular to its plane." l)ePoinmsots definition, now adopted oy astronomers, mAde any motion one of rotation, in which a section of the revolving'body does not preserve its yArallelism during its 1evolution,whetherroundits ownaxsorround adistant round. Professor Whewell was of opinion that this was more convenient, as otherwise the m6oons relation to the earth might be deemed "casual and arbitrary," which Mr. Symons denied; be alo controverted the .evancy to this argument of any reference such as the Professor had introduced to the moon's undulating orbit round the sun; her rotation or non-rotation bad no reference to space, .and could be properly dttermined by-her own internul motion and ttat of her different parts in relation to' each other-ad to the centre of her orbit, -nor could any ambiguity arise in so doing, or in restricting the 'mua of ite termn-rotation'to- it& original meaning, which 'would siinplify the great truths of astronomy, distingnishing different motions, and render them inthigible to the wholc people, especially in books for popular instruction. This was his sole object in mooting,the question. He felt he had been xmfairly attacked for so doing, and, though he had been far from seekigto provoke controversy, he had been compelled to put hia bacL to the wall and fight it out. The section was numerouly attended, and it was evident that 31r. Symons, who was frequently intetrupteiiby a few gentlemen on the latform, had the astronomers against and the audience wit*l,m.
-ADELPHr YHEATrE. bhere could not be a nore un ivocl testimonial to the talent of Nfr. and Mm arney Williams than the succesS of their ladt Transatlantic importation, enitied Irish Assuraonc nc Yankec Atodc>gl. The ieee is one of those indesribable works that nowr' seem peculiar to the. other aide of the ocean, but, are evidently based on the English farces of that happy period when a defiance of possibility.a voluntary. 2g. noring of all social regulations, a -huddling tog^ther of situations, and a perpetual chbage of 8cene wore deemed important elements of the broader kind of. dranaUchuour. Acted with les characteristic foM it would be unendurable, but3 Mr. and Mr Barney 'Wil liams are nitted against each other as a wild Irish youth and a thoirongh-going YAnkee "gal," supposedto be serants in the same establishment% and the ar goes o without nternmniion. It is a war betvree two forns of audacity, carried on with the grtest vigour onD"both sides,, and, of course, ending in a 3nardiage. One Takirmu in particulalr. is so well conducted that it Onerd a speciV record. The Yanlkee lady endeavoursto fsxupon bembe an asiwain a legend of a -ertain -pgwich ca dress the ehildren of the family and is in t , habit of chewing tobecco, and the Hibernian, for the sake of.good manners, consents to believe it, The nnnerin rhich Mr. Barney Williasmew6yiks out 'this situation, first'hiniting hi, incredulity, and then, 'with a sudden gasp -of res% W& in, echairning " Go on I" and 'preparing his face for. a~ ne :A newr Yankee piece wrould not be complete witoui its SOng, and therefore 1gra, BarneyJWiliiaans . has a fresh ditty, entitled "P'Pkg Ike," which she 'singe in hr best stle but whch, pretty as it isy, will scEly rival "My TnBsuz Tnom-z..-The :-orkm a d .in levelling the rubbish in .the: "ruins' ear T .at t lFarrangon.-street, struek on Ilaia upon a sml saeR tin box, extreinely rusty. They ad list threw it on oer side, hut, hearnug ioneubisg rattle ineide, the men w ho bad thr.own. it awray as useless opened it ad, to thedr gr-eat snxr piise and gratificationD, -deowred its contents w6r 0spda 6gnineaa 11 h fgujiusas, and12 .7s -pieees., -
~i~.?OR-rIGN lifi-EzLrdENCE. - E-FRAXML :. - (raox ou's OWm,CGAAZMwD)Wj : , SL 1>t+ :z ths tolb^iiz eeave4 m ou seoond1edi - PA-=S, Mox:u., 6 P.?. thaecountsfrom'Naples exiibiOrtate of thinga. n tlf capita which would 'hardly leave us muek noom for -urprise if. any dai_s telegrzaph brought us'news of a revolutionary movement. Discontent gr-w bolder and has spread to the army, and the vsgiLance of the police no long't pMvents, in the open streets, converastLns anUd criticism3 hdstile to tfaGovanent. Although the steps taken by.the Western Fowers. have as yet produced no result inl tih quarter to whichl they were directed, although 'he remonstraicesof France ani England havebeen lnheeded, and thoe of Austria (if really mide aud -ot counterbalanced by a private understanding) avenotyetbad time to bear fruit,thefact of English tLhtdFcenoh sxpo tu.lations, andsi of the attentton: and' syrjatahy which their condition excites in Europe, is -'ell known to the !Weapblitans, and,' doubtless, contiributes to rouse them to the assertion and defeneo .Of their rights as men, and to resistance of the any under. which they suffer. There are clan*deatirte:pre3sea 'at aples, .vrhe* information intereting, totha popular cause isprinted,-and whence oiso sue proclamations,which ar6ewidely circulated, and which inculcate calmness, order, respect of -property, and do their uatmost to let it'-be seen tiat it is not anarchy, but justice anid humanity -oppressed beyond endurance, that array them.relves against the Government We aie told ;by a correspondence from Italy that many military .men are heard to speak disrespectfully of 'the 'G(overnnent, and that the native troop3 are indi:nant at seeing all the foxts in. the hands of the Swiss. The feelinghereamongpersouwel informed .and well able to npprwiate'the situation:is, tlhat'we -e'afi1 quickly hear of ai 'outbreak. Meanwhile, a :report han been circulated, andhas.obtained a certairi ,degree of credit, especially among a-.portion of-,the It"ian emigrazits in France, whence it is of eourse .comnunicated to Ily, to the effect that theFrench .Government puts forward a Murat as a candi.date for the throne of Waplqe,' and that Bugland has been brought' to accede to this 'nomination by the promised cession of Sicily. I mention this report in order 1b discredit it. It lviU -do little good to the cause of Italian liberty to have it supposed that England and France intend to impose a Goverment Gpon Italy. Theirv proper task -is limited to preventing Austria from interfering to .suppress {he revolution iwhich menaces the present dynasty of Naples. It had beeni stated, uponl good ,,rounds, that Count Btiol has made a commnunication to the Neapolitan Governmnent to the effect, that if attention was not paid to the remonstranees of Prance, Austria would not supplv arnied assistbnce in the not iinprobable case of its being :ceededJ by the King of- Naples. This commna'nication is understood to have been shown to -Baron Bourqueney, and, it is presumable, also to Sir Hamilton Seymoir.. ' Austria's policy is too jeauitieal for it to be a£e to aflimn that the value *- Wtis open comnaunication*as' not greatly lessened by some secret and more eucoaraing assuranee. Bat ;with that England and France havenothing todo; it 'is their busines to keep Austria 'to her word. As ;egards theii Pretended intention of seating a' Akurat on the thlrone of Naples, I doubt its having thi least foundation. Iam-well aw-are that there Jare parties in .and out of France which, while opposing and detesting the French Enipetor's -.erson and policy, 'have egieed totally to deny him' the talent and prudence.he is generally considered to possess. Those parties, and' all-who share -their * opinion, constitute but a very small minority of the great European public, which gives him credit- for much intelligence and sagacity, and for a resolution 'to muake his profit of the errors of those who weat before6him. Now, nothig cdid Napoleon L. more harmn than his 'mania for enthroning his relations -and connexions. We know wihat it cost himto support his brother Joseph in Spain, and certainly' his brother-iu-law Murat did not make him a very grateful return for the crown of Naples, when he turned against him and allied himself with Austria. It is di9icult to disceritanythig. in present circum- stances that should inducetheFrenchEmperor to re- lapseintoapolicywhich proved so damaagingtohi$ great ancestor. Wi may see the Italian peninsula -i arms against its present rulers, we may see Ferdinand of Bourbon driven from, the ihrone he has too long disgoraced, bust 'I cannot think that we shall see France and England combining to put a Mfurat in his place. I thought, indeed, that the idea had been discredited, and had lost all weight' until I found that it still prevailed, and was put forward in certain circles in Paris and elsewhere. The crisis in Spain-for such it must still be considered-remains unresolved. None know or can gueas whether O'Donnell will side with the CouXrt or ally himself with the Liberals. Some. of the Madrid' papers give an account -of the last interview of the Queen and :Epartero, which is too characteristic of the persons not to be in the main correct, and which indeed is confirmed by private letters received here. .Her Majesty, who his inherited her father's turn for sarcasm, and whose wit is never restrained by -consideration for anybodfs feelings, could not but profit by so good an opportunity. " Tell me, Duke," she is reported to have said, " where have you been all these days, that neither I nor anybody else has been-able to hear anything of you g" I 'need not say that Isabel iinew perfectly well where lie had been, and also how fataLy his prestige had s-uffered. It was the last and unkindest out, coming from one who had 'so mny obligations towards 'the fallen ilEnister. If O'Donnell makes the grievous mistake of relying on Palace support instead of that of the great Liberal party, many mionths assuredlyiwill not elapse before he finds .himself in his tum a butt for Royal irony. Some 'fineevening, probably at the very moment when Majesty has been most gracious, and he thinks himself securest of .fvour, anxiety will be expressed for bhis health, a fear lest his exertions ini behalf of his 4Queen and country should have been too much for hiim, and he will be informed that repose has been prepared for him by the suimnions of bIarshal Narvawa to the post.of preruier. 'e will have nothing to do but to take his hat and depart, and the next day those. who now cling to him so closely as to fetter his movements-the Pepe Conchas, the oea de Olanos, et -id genlus ombe-will hardly .kcnow him across -the . street. ' O'Donnell is at a critica1 and. diagerous moment of his career, and has great need not to make a false step. His only path of safety; his sole security against an early and ignominious' fall; is to link himself 'with the chiefs of the IProgresistas, and to declare tbat,. true to his w6rd, he abides by the principles he two years ago proclaimed. This done, he may fealessly siummon and meet the Constituent Cortes, and form a governmehtwitli a good prospect of duration. The 'Liberats are ready; 'they do but wait his pcsitive anL explicit declaration that he will govern upon the broad principles they support. Let him. do that and they will not cavil about details. But he does nothing, he stands seemingly irresolute, and they, on their part, can but watch and wait. By letters from Madrid, as weUl as by the tone of some of the MIadrid papers, we know that the present Spaniah Government is annoyed at the view taken i Englandi of recent events in Spain, and which has bean expressed by the unanimous voiceof the British press. - In a country where constitutional government is so highlyprized as in ours it is not surprising that its sudden and violent abolition in any European land should make a painful inrpres1on. Although more important affairs have, during the last two years, left little time for close attenion to those of Spain, they have not altogether 'been lost sight of 'in England, where the gene- rTl feeling 'was one of satifction that an honest Government had at last been iustalled, that the country was labouring, although not without some painful throes, .to consolidate its newlv-acquired liberty, and tha t, upon the 'whole, Sranish prospects were improving. 1t was not unnatural, on learning that the new instiiutions ha& been aunbverted, and absolutism suddenly introduced, 'indignation should hava been felt by the English 3ation.' But -the feeing sprang from a regard to principles, not to' persons. Espartero has been po ular in England, bmecaus he was justly believed tote hones, disnterested, and sincerely desirous -of hi coury's good. That reputation he has never forfeited, and will doubtless retain. . But if any other man came forward to complete 'the tasL he as left-unfinished, he wouldnothave-tofear b7eing harshgly judged in E! ngland. Of course there are ctaiii persons who have, as the French say. a.t ten,s psviir'es, and -wvh&3s past 'condUet is a certi%lcate of unworthiness. 'It' would be very hard to snae us beieve that Q!ueen C'hristina and Marmhal Nara_ez were -labouring heart and coal for the establ.shment of c6nstitutional liberty i p l losing sight of their ow'in int resta iii tibr - for the welfare of ihe cnuitery, 'fr *ich- thsY have already 'made sack great Aacrilic; - would be e'qually dificult. to convince ui th.t Generals Concha and Rc, deOlano weo ssly I aiding them in their generous tak. All these: an persons of well-e3tablbhed character, -and we kn6ow exactly what thev are wort, and how -littleh are to be trusted. But, although his career isctainly not blameless, there are still hopes of Q'Donnell, and, moreover, it is now in his power tb prove himself better than nmany believe him, andto bind himself to a cause to which he is already, as r as oaths and promises go, irrevocably pkdg6d but which lit has of late boen tLLught he was disposed to betray. EL. Parisis, Bishop of Arras, having' addressed a letter to the editor of the Ami diz la? eiglerz on the subject of a severe criticism entitled L'Univers juge par- lui-nme, Cardinal Gounet, Archbishop of Rheims, has written to the Bishoj expressing his g,reat satisfaction at the language of the letter in q,nest.ion. "cIt Jias comne most -opportunlely," says'the Cardinal, " for it is time to chieck the intrigues of those who cannot forgive the Uniivers for the services which it has rendered in defending the faith against -the errors of modenm philosophy, and the inst:tunions of the church or the prerogatives of the Holy See against the novelties of the last centuries." The Patrie publishes tle folloiing telegraphic despatch " M - ~ " I&lifBlJRG 'Aum .1.' ' The Duchess of Orleans,.the Count de Paris, the Duke de Chartres, Z'. Thiers, and a number of other French personages have arrived here ; others are expected. AUl these persons intend remaining at Hamburg until the end of the month." _ The distribution of the prizes of the Grand Concours took place to-day at the Sorbonne, 'under the presidency of Marshal Vaillant, Minister of Pablic' finstruction ad i7e.ri; The Marshal.DukePelissier was present atthe ceremony. Commercia) affairs. continue in the same state of stagnation. The Paris manufactmuers,-however have received impuTbant orders from England and the United States, and the houses doing business with Spain have been directed to execute those. which wTere suspeaded in consequence of the recent insurrection.: Commission agents from the depart-; ments have also arrived in Paris and made exten- ! sive purchases for the 'winter season. The abundance of the crops will, it is hoped, exercise a favourable influence on commercial transactions. The result of the fair of Beaucaire has been satisfactory: cloths, articles of Rouen manufacture, and silks found a ready sale, notwithstanding the advance in prices. The' high prieo of labour and of raw, materials is a great obstacle to the activity of trade, and it is unfortunately probable that this state of things will not be moditied for some time,: the tendency to rise being general in all the markets' of France and' foreign countries. The operatives, on the other hand, being obliged to expend onethird more for theirfoodandjodging, itis impossible to think of reducing their wages. The harvest has terminated in the south of France, and is proceedin" in the centre and north. It is inferior 'beyond the Garonne and along the banks: of the Rhone and Saone, middling between the Garonne and the Loire, but magniflcent in every, part of the country' north of this last river. The new wheat brought to market is of a superior quality, and has caused a considerable decline iu the price of last year's produce, of which the sale is becoming difficult. Transactions in flour are very quiet in the Paris Halle. Few buyers present themselves, everybody' expecting a further downward movement. Rates are maintained merely on account of the scanty supply; but the momenit rain sets in, so as to enable the mills to work, the article will become more abundant, and prices must recede. As it is, the faaU is general. During the week no less thimn 86 vessels entered Marseilles, with 220,000 hectolitres of wheat on board. An imnmense number of others, with simuilar cargoes, were expected, most of the transports chartered by the Western Powvers and unemployed since the conclusion of peace, having been frefghted for Marseilles at Constantinople, in the. Danube; and along the coast of the Black Sea. Of these 220,000 hectolitres 50,000 were supplied by Naples, 83,000 by Taganrog, Berdiansk, and Marioupol, in the Sea of Azoff, 36,000 by Odessa, 43,000 by the Danubian ports, and only 7,000 by. Algiers. Cattle still mnaintains its high rates The markets are inadequately supplied, the farmers being engaged in getting in their harvest. Although the weather has been of late uncommonly favourable to the vines, thq price of wine still keeps up. and neither the growers ror the merchants appear. disposed to abate their pretensions. Tt is generally believed that the awine of this year will be of excellent quality. In that case, the proprietors will lay it up and part in preference with that of 1855. The oidium has reappeared only at a few points, and with less intensity than durng the preceding years. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 95f.; and the New Loan at 70f. 9Qc.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,420f.; Great Northern, l,062f. 50c.; Strasburg, 94ff. 50c.; New Shares,862f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,447f. 50c.; 3Lyons to the Mediterrauean, 1,840f. ; Western of France, 9701.; Bordeauzx adCette, 815f.; Great Central of France, 72of.; Lyons and Geneva, 1Sf.£; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,G32f. S0c.; Austrian Railways, 898f. 75c. C*urazd& cntiT.-PAR3:, August1L-Vash tIceao - Four-and-a-Half per Cenfs. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 9sf..; ditto Loan of 1855 (70 per cent. paid), 95f lcc - ditto Certificates (70 per. cent. paid), 95f. l1c. ; Three per dents., 70f. 80c. 85c. 80c. 75c. 70c.; ditto Loan of 1855 (70 per cent. paid), 70f. SOc; ditto Certificates (70 per cent. pagd), 70f. S8c.; Bank of France, 4,1001.; Credit Foncier, 670f. ditto Obligations of 001., Tenths, Four per Cents., 90£ ; ditto Three per Cents., SOf.; Credit Mobilier, 1,63f0 1,632£. 50c.; Discount Bank, 700f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., .01. 50c.; Austrian Five per Cents, 88; Belgian1our-and-a. Half per Cents., 99k; Rente de Naples (Rothschild's), 112f. S0c.; Romans, 88 SpanishlnteriorDebt, 39.'J. ExEr change on London, at sight, paper, 25f. 27ic. ;raoney, 25f. 2oc.;three months, paper, 24L 97Vc. RUSSIA. (FROM OuP. BBnIb' coRRsroNnDExNT.) BERLIN, AUG. 10.' The last advices from St. Petersburg confirm the news of the coronation having been postponed from August 31 to September 7, and explain it to have been so ordered out of sanitary considerationis. Representations had been made to the Emperor on this subject, and, as the heat of the weather generally diminishes very rapidly in Moscow towards the middle of September, it has been considered advisable to make this delay, which vill probably bring about' a greater change in the temperature than we are accustomed to calculate upon in oIur more favoured climate. The number of troops to be concentrated in and about Moscow is spoken of as 70,000 t'u 80,000. The number. however,lof visitors streaming- thither, not only from foreign countries, but from St. Petersburg, Poland, and the interior, does not admit of any computation at pre' sent; onlyone thing is quite certain, .that'the nuntber of persons concentrated on that occasion in the town, wYhich is by no means calculated by its extent, arrangement, and conditions of supply for the reception of so lWmge amass, will offer a very abnormal state of things, exposed to-unusual dangers id a aanitary point oi view. In St. Petersburg the cholera still lingers; though not' ver violent in its manifestations, it seems particularly obstinate and pertinacious, so that almost every day the figures are-" Seven new cases, six deaths." It is believed in St. Petersburg that the Em- peror will avail himself of this unexpected delay to visit the portions of the empire now suffering from the inundations of the Volga. Snch a step would, however, be a dementi of all the official statements on the subject, which are strenuously di-rected towards convincing the public that the injury hitherto done has been very slight; incidentally to these satisfantory statements it is mentioned very emphatically that the harvest has been in no way damaged, the cornfields having luckilyremained unmolested by the water I -- : Since my last budget of Russiani news the Journal de Bt. Pte,rsbdurg has officcialy announcedthe nomi- inationof GeneralKisseleff tothepostof Ambassador, I at Paris and -the remark that follows-"'he will' retain the Administration of the Domains ulatil the peric.3 of his departure," I take as a confirmation mof y previous s'atement, that he will not proceed v to Paris untii after the 'coronation. 'According to [ the~ I-ford, thc 'Russian Government has also ap- pointed a Minister to reside at the Court of Madrid, which, ii true, will imply a -resrziaption of tho !dsptoiatic 'relatibu ,between the, two COIUrS that f have been. bro1'n onff since the de.th of Ferdinand A recent'l*tter frnm St. Petersburg mentioned that the M:rtpervr 1,ad corande4 th%t all the iA~tesaoes -of oourt iartial which, contrary tomhs' previous instructions, had been kept 'back from pub: lication, ihould be brought to the knowrledge of the n2tion. It 's probablt in cOnsequence of these ,trict orders that the following sentenrce ha*ie beenx pubhed, the ilrst, 11' not both, of - whichi I ,have already previousy repore to 'you':-olonel Johann- Chowen IL. has been .broken and con. demnned,to two months' arest forimalpractices and j:llegal acio s; and lieutenant Pitrowaki h;s been co,ademnedto ls of his xaik and 'to hard labour Iin a fortress for 10 yeasr,s' for foring a Lombard note and .embezzling moneys of the State t& the extent of 19,000 silier roubles. . - The numerous German .plhyslcians and surgeons who entered the .Russian service during th, war are described as being for the most part diappointed by -thr- non--fuifilnnt on the part of fi Government. of the conditions held. out' to them at the $mse of their engagemeit; the pension for life, said to h4ve been pronised to themi as the reaid for their entance into a sforeign'services asems iin hardly. any-instance to have -been gnt ao thlt these 'medical men, however they may hive enriched themselves by experience, will apparently hringlittle else-houie with thembut theirpay, Tis departure fiom the errgagements made during. the r eign of the late Emperor may probablyba doselycon: ected 'ith 'some liberal' measures recently ordered by the present Emperor in favour of' the Jwsi Under date of 'the. 5th of .June :the Emperor ordered -that. medical..men, as well as all others of the Hebrew- persuasion, who .should. have e tained .their- diglonia of doctor at any Bussian. university, should be forthwiith eligible for sit,a'ions under Government. This is a most' important. concession. to the members 'of that pert .uasion! in Rusia, seeing that there are between 6,tHJO and 7,000 surgeons attached to the army, and that henceforthl a Jewvish 'medical student iunmel diately' on passing his .'examination Will receive au appointment.We hear, also, that the irk6moreaitric,I tions imposed upon the Jews 'with regard-to thei' residence in St. Petersburg and Moscow hayv been repealed by the present.Einpe.-or; allJewish adespfple and merchants visiting M03cowwere hitherto compelled to take up their-resideace in the Ghetto, 'wherethe accommodation wasfrequently very insistficient for the numbers; they are 'now to be permitted to reside where they please in tha town. It-is not improbable that the .nexts ste 'will ba to release, all foreigners of the Jewish persuasion engaged in commerce from the necemsity of making prevnous 'application 'in St. Petersburg' for permission to visit Mfoscow. On the- 6ther I hand, the G:rand Duke. Constantine has lately excluded all Jews from the naval service of th'e State; in Russia, strange to say, a large portion of the coasting trade, more particularly the conduct of floats of thnber from the interior to the coast, is in the hands of Jews; so that a very considerable number ofJews is to be fo-adlw'nong theseaaring as well as 'he agricultural population of Russia. Iu the 6th number of Dr. Petermaun's 'Mitther lungen iiber wic;Uhige neue B,forschmeugen as.f dem Xtsamnffgebiete der (eogrqphie there is an interestinr article on West Siberia, its physical nature, indus-' trial prod-acts, and geographico-political importance. .According to this description the Siberia of now-adays, im consequence of the constant advance of the Russians towards the south, contains regions thst may be called the Italy of Siberia, and 'which' iin respect of climate do in fact equal the' Italy. of Europe. The territory that the Russians hiave taken possession of during the last 10 years between the Caspian Sea and the Empire of Chis4, in the direction of our Indian possessions, is 'More extensive than Great Britain, France, Turkey, and all Germany, includino' Prussia and Austria, pat' together, and gives into their hands the keys of the wludial teritory of the Jaxartes and the Oxs6, 'within the confines of which the ancient realms of Bockhara and Kokan' lie. Peterman!sa descrip-' tion of the extent,' population, and political importainco of West Siberia is rendered more gr,aphic by two maps of the seven guberiua or governments into which it is divided. 'The first exhibits the density of the population, by a systematic gradation of the colouring of the Snaps; the second divides West Siberia, also by its varied colouring, into four separate regions, which he distinguishes as thleregions of agriculture, of mining, of fishing, or the chase; and of 'cattle-breeding,or theI region of steppes. To these is added a fifth- region,I that of the salt lakes.I STATE OF NAPLES. (FROM OUis OWN CORRESPODoMT.l NAPLES, AuG. 7. I send you another proclalnation which has just been circulated by the Liberal party. Like the first, it is marked by the utmost moderation, and shows an entire change in the system of Neapolitan agitation. 'The sting of 'this address lies in its exhortations tolegality, and, while thousands are being distributed, the police are baffled by its mroderation, and know not how to act. It is as followrs, the origainal' being followed as nearly as possible in te translation: " Xeapolitans,-We have counselled you to be peaceable and digniiedin-thegrave crisis in which our country is - sitluated. Yon received the counsel wvell. We expected nothing different from you. Eight years have passed during whichyou have imposed silence byyourfinnnensaan constancy on the wicked herd who calumniated you by saying that you desired only disorder, and that you placed thfie Government under. the necessity -of chaining and lashing you. The prisons.coutain the bravest andmost virtuous citizens, who form onr dearest pride; and the Govem ment, to avee"e itself, has been o'oliged to organize false conspiracies ana urge its satellites to the utmost extremity of corruption. Thus, by restrainiLg the hely anger of virtueherself, yonhave almost completedthat moralrevolutiouwbhich, only initiated in 1848, 'has obtained a solemn European judgment between the country and the Government. Leot not, however, prndence and faith be mistaken for pusill. nimity and torpor. An illustrious man, so far back as the 23dof Maylast,saidtothe Italirns,iAgitate,and agitate.' Agitation is not'exactly a revolution, but precedes at and prepares it. Agitation in its manifestations must be nmai. fold and of many forms; circumstances of time, of. place, 1 of opportunity, give it inspiration, an impulse, a physiognomy. It is a wholesome exercise which reveals, educates; invigorates the moral and intellectual powers 9f future combatants, and especially their courage. It does the duty' of 'the muster-roll, 'and displays on ourpart the soldiers, of the country, and bngs forwara the moit worthy, the most 'capable, the boldest. It molests the' enemy withuthepunctures of thousands of pins before he is' erced with the deep wounds of swords. It reminds ;uVope that she never can have veace as long as them:idvinj aspirations of Italian nationality-are not eatisfied. - 'this exists, and it porduces agitation, and agitation, accordingly as it. is skilfully and energetically directed, is alvays more 'or less valuable, and is never injuriousi. Our opUlon iS that' the facts of agitation, a^cording to the tine in' which they take place, are, in' auL espe'cial manner, facts of-resistance to the breaches vwhiph the authorities commit agast their own laws. Pressing forward continually on the path of violence and of terror, they must succumb at length. That which the lalrdoes not forbid the will of a functionary can never efficaciously prevent. We are not boundto respect the privateattitudes and desires of those who govern, much less to know aid to investigate them. You have nsorally triumphed by bringing into the broad light of public opinion those aspirations which before stirggldd for exioence in thefdarikness -of sects. Well, then! these aspirations, this participatiba in the history nov *awiig'before your eyes, let them becore I a free and public fact. No longer suffer admonitions on the arrangements of pesFon or of deess, Do not conceal your eagerness to read the journals, and your opi-. nions on them, speak openly of the acts of the Go. .vernment in a becoming manner; unite, too, with this, and openly declare your sympathies for those wpoo have deserved well of the-country whenever the 'ocasion presents itself-showv youreves stng in your faith. True is it that this wiill increase hatred and enersetion' against you, and wzill open to ;von the prison oaors; but, besides that these sufferings will 'be brief, wre ought not 'to feer them, though they wfould be our deserts vwere - wre to ~showv cowvardice or division. This wFill make you teel that you are a nation, not a sect, for a sect is the creation of our enemies only. In the restoration of our rights, of true, order, and publio morality, we especially invoke the assistanee of the cleigy and the army, the chief nerves of the State, the one with the word will.pive life to the spirit im its new direction; the other with itS type of energy, of discipline, and of order. wilI preven,t any deviation; ;and perhaps, at no distant period,-this our army, havingbecome tho true em.dression of national strenoth, Willbe our pride, and will acquire a noble pa3ge Di livicori. toryX *'Faith, unien, perseverance !"
RABIZA YIXNTELLIGZNCE. WRThTTTl; A RTE1T It appears the dividends to be declared at the ensuing meeting of this company will be at the rate of 4 per cent. on ths Berwick stock, 'with 8,5l5 over; zcnd 2A per cent. on the York and Nortli Midland stock, with a Balance of 6,0COl. over. LONT'DON AND BLACKWALL. The hialf-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterday at the London Tavern, Mr. J. 1T. Daniell in the chair. The report, an abstra-t of which. appeared in 27zc Ti7rn7 of yesterday, was taken as readL *The CHAIRMAfN, in moving the adoption of the report. said that since the last 3neeting very little had transpired ro call for notice; but what had taken place was for their advantage. They hadhad a reductionintheir expenses and an increase in their profits. The sources of revenue whichhe had pointed out on former occasions were gradually developingthemselves, TheTilburyandSouthendlinehadnowbeen 13 monthsin operation, and the result had been very satisfactory. The traffic from the Woolwich line, which was the only traffic they had from the Eastern Counties Company, had increased very m3uch. The Victoria Docks would also coutribute to their revenue; the traffic from that source Was improving, ntnd would require time to develope itself. They were now- galdually arriving at those prospects thathadbeenheldcouttothemyearsago. Anact hadbeen obtained for authoriiing the Tilbury Junction line from Bow to Barking, whicl, when completed, 'would entirely prevent the delays andl detention of the Tilbury trains w.hich now existed at the ui nction with the Eastern Cou-nties line, and were frequently such as no one used to quick travelling-wonld put up with for any length of time. *With regard to the traffip ±rom the Eastern Counftes line they only wantd the short traffic; they did not want the long traffic, as they had nio means of acoommodating it at their statioii. A large portion of the Woodfora and Loughton traffic would come to their station and would be an addition to their receipts. Thatline 'ould be open byT the end of the pisent month; and then they night fairly look forward to an increased income. He did not think he had anythEug turther to notice, and would be happy t;> give any-expolanations that mnight bo required. Mr. G. Sliarrassad e did not takethe same view of their a.ffairs as the hon. chairian. Their dividend was now no more than it was two years ago, and, considering that they had had so manz nore sourcesof traffic, they ought to have produced better dividends. Xe was surprised that the Chairman had not given them any explanation respecting a monstrousproposition in the report for converting their shares into stocl,, by reducing the amount actually paid upon tlieni-namely, 111. &. ad.-to 101. He considered that the effect would be to depreciate their property, and he would lile to knowwhat-they had to offer in support of sucha,proposition. Xe trustedthat the shareholders'woula not submit tothereduction of their capitaL The CHAiRmAssaid it was merely aproposition from some of the proprietors inL order to facilitate the transfer of share aid theircoieredn into stock. As to the proposition itself, the directors cared nothing abont it. They aere prepared to hearthe observations ofthe proprietors on the sub,ecy and to adopt a better plan should r t be proposed. -Itwvas amatter entirely for the consideration of the shareholders. M3r. J. WIrsOOy, a 'Lhuctor, explainted that the nominal amzount of the share w ould not affect its value, as that would depend upon the dividiend; for, whether the nominaRl amount of the shares were 101., ill. 6s. 3d., their present amount, or even 201., the dividend per share wouid be the same. It was thought that 101 would be a more convenient amount than any other, as 10 shares would make 1001. stock. Mr. TITE, . LIP., remarkred that a similar plan had been adopted in other comp aies, nd that the reduction in nominal value would mlke no differencewhatever to the proprietors; whether they calledthe shares 2. 1Os. each or 1Ot. eacb, the result in the market would be the same. ;Ur. KTrn:rcx suggested that the shares should be con- I vertedinto sleek at 111. 6S. 3d. each, which would facilitate -calculation as 13l, and they would thus reWtintheir full a1mount, br a trifla over. -Aftersome further observations from other proprietors, The CE1AIRk'Ai% put ihe question to tho meeting as to whether they -would entertain the question of converting shares into stock. On a show of hands there appeared 36 infavourofit: and29againstit. Hethen announcedthat, as the mieeting had resolved by its vote to entertain the qudstion, the subject 'would be submitted for consideration at the next meetin. - On the motioes for the adoption of the report, a long discussion took place on the policy of the company, wich was defended by ihe chairman. lt waS stated to cmnsist generaUy in 3n endeamour to me3t the change of circumstances as weflasthey could, and toinduceasmanypaesM possible to bring traffic over their line. The directors had a large interest in the concamn; they did eveirything in their power to- promote the properity of the compmy. They hd-na very difficult task o perform, but if the proprietors thought a different policy ihoula be adopted to that which. had been- adopted sincit - My'had got iid of the rope -tractioli. a~id had estaliished looomotive power instead, ther had bettez elect othh directors to manage tbeir affairs. T~he report was then adopted, and a dividend at the rate -of.S3. per shaLre ws deelaiad. --- - On the motibn of Xr.:G. lSrII a reeolution r¶ sd to- tie, effect that one 'auditor shold go out of o ie by rotation at each: Februury half-yearly meetin3g, and be eligible fcr re-lection.~ I - X Mr. Saintibury wa elected auditor to proect tlie interests of tbeFLondon and Biack l1 Compny in the audit of the Lo1ndsm.:Tibury, *nd Snuthend ent Ieo, spetb the- proper divon o traic btween the Blc'k- wad iidEaa tern Coenties Cospanies.- - A vote of chaniu to h cairmaen the pco ,;.>.-.- _-.n - ' ethepo- ,, HpRTORD ANM), WELWYN J1 WlCON-- .r theI'alf:yevly-meetiag of this cpany wanbald ti| Fertford- on Siiaturdy, tAe ight Ho. W. . a i -M.1P., presiding. - - O-w- ' -. The reportsatedi Ihts etlast tnthit e-wrks oamI ' d tZe raU ilLway wa -A fin", oa-hAL e an toGan Alm dira tei w~~~~~esh he var md_iwaMm T;ht romon to bdi"e torA ta I t f ' at ot ends of th' 0jw*se _ CRentiintefd__nor . tocmpete amittpe bem&--21,Ul., oi be ie t:u}ty, z nhehi- line foe naI. -A ti. mUd. OcSober iboZ lb Asi offi tb ompet fm6i.l p sare hadbgin sede nne the: lrpOy 'ith the d i rye in SiSn of 131e -4aiM ou a and Greto Nerthenpr ilaiiyf ecuc work ai the die ' trmmtofgodsand igeoldbmeI coultino the ie. for puic kaffichythepfmdof OciT he, E hir rteatreo mto ooen rD A f tf- e on the tlxq had ;uade. (How, tr.) Lffthe tib Gre-st NAz:bn nor 1at. Countie h s npcni ipathem-with any seility. The7 did not e ard tUieir line usarival, betaaafeeder . , -.: * Mr. THoiesxoN aSceOnded the reolntilon, which' *i3 agreed to.: On the motion of Xr. T. CnAxaarac, X.P., tie direets were authorized to: borrow 21,0001. Ot m gae os uier the -ialons bf tte compa'iact.: A v.ot0 t= to the at WITS,. SOMiERSET, AND W EYMOL 'H Qn Satuda lat h Government i_7eortryae wfhis will° be- d.a&foJr tafic enthe li ci Se~mhr CORKC AND) BANDON. - The revort of the newoard of dire of thi comn y states tha they only dischprge a pleaning dutin tein to the courtesy, alacrity, and cheerful cqIcperstion e' andreandered by the late board in carrying ont with the utmoet harmony all the details neceesa for effeetia8 -the transfer of the direction to eLnd. Tle inae inthe revenue oi' the coMpany aounts in the lest half-yer to 585. as compered witlx the corresponding neriod of 1855, andI mahcinj a total incresaae for the year exdinig Junei30, 1896 of ,6141 over the traic for the year endingJune 30, I255. The balance-shiet upto the 30th of June l&at exhibit a surplus of 1,526?. cv ible for the preference abaree, .derp edigfor the divideud conditionally declaredLon thel3th of February last on. No.1I preference shares.' -Tho directors recommend that-a dividend at the rate of 4<-e cent, per annum for the half-year enduing the SOth of June, I56(as already agreed to by the holders of No.I preference shares) be declared payable in cash on the 1st of SepI1mer niext upon those aiares, leaving a balance to the next ac. count.i A satisfactory settlement as bee made with -the ontractors, Messes.-Fox, Henderson, and Co., who have been paia off inf lL Arrangements have been made with other creditors by which a saving of 4,500. lhea bieea efectedonther c t= t claimed. The .2guaranted Ot. pereent. preferenceashare capital of 30,000. has been takea up to the extent of 5,007 ehares, representing 2653., andthedepositpaid thereon. A considerable portion of these hares have'been id up infuL A deputation, -consistinp of Lord C. . Clinton, ]?P., the chairton-, and the depnty-chairian, have had a conferene n-eet. ing vwith several influentia landed propriet ors -w are deeply nterested in the extension of the raillwa6y to Bantry, with branches to the touwnsof ClonadtT and Slab. bereen, at which -meeting it wasuanimousyagre;1to recommend to the baronies interested (at a public meeting to be shortly convened for the purpo)ej to increae the i*te of guaantee on the extensiorn line from 3 per cent. on 5,000I. per mile, as at present authorized by act of?F.rlininent, to 4 per cent. on i,0001. per mile, subject to a oeriin revision of the relative taxation of the aronieg. -Tho di*ectors have every reson to hope thaat the landown ers'interested wiicheerfilly co-operate with them in securing to those important, but hitherto nOectoed, districts the advantages of railway ommon mication. The engineer,-Xr. Ie :Fance, reports that the permanent rkv,-, engines, and carriages of the dompany are iri good order. The piital account shows that 317,64. had been received, incluing 3,9471. from revenue and 317,6421. expended. The revenue account for the halE-yearendingJune 30 showed that 6,330?. hadbeen received and4,009L. expendedforworkingexpengm 'including 756?. of arers of former accounts now paitd, and 1,0107. paid out of 1,877t., being six monthis' interest onl debentures, leaving, with the balance oE 3,1001. fronmthe formner half-year, a suZ;plus of 4,40. to meet out.stand'n accounts dne to sunila credisors, including interest due on debenture debt and dividend, o: the No1 iand No.2 'r ference shares. * TRAlIC RlTUENS. 2,1iles Pa,- lier. Tota Total. FaUkays. open. snemso chrandLse. 1858. ae. WeekendIngu7y3 '2. GanadTrankof Canada .. 513 .. 2,s.. 2.-74.. 5.39.9 5.173 Week endWgrJuIy 25. Great western of Canada 2S3 5,508. 33. 8,35 1 6.141 Week eoding August 2. Gl%asow 1 80uth-Weekmn - .. . 6.. - .. c ,12. Week endinrAugust 10. Great Iuxembourg .. 3 .. - - . 751 Kendal and Windermera - . - . - '3I Thefollowingarethelastreturnsof thegross receipts of theprincipalrench railways from the 22d to the 25th of July:-_
?TRA1DE- REPORT. . -- SITG-The mnark-et is flat to-day; saidof the 15;9ba 't up at auction only about half, sold; at' Gd. declineon Friday's pricx Subsequently, however, further sales -have been made. The foll6winn are 'the particulars:--14729 bags of Mfauritius low to muddling brown, 37s. 6d. fo 3s. goodto fine, 40s. t'43slo* to g6odyellow, 41. to 46s., fne, 47s. to 48.; crystallized good,'48s. to 49s. (duty 1.7s.); fine, SOs. per cwt.' (duty 17s Gd.); 564 ba3s of Benares maiddling white, 47s. to 48s. ;' 379 hogsheada t 1 West India haTe bee disposedof. COFrk-466 caics and 180 baxtels and bags of plantation 'Ceylon at auction sold 'well, especially qualities from 63s. to 13s. per cwt., low middling to bold coloury, -which were 'dearer; 150 bags of native were withdrawn ab 52s.'; 3,818 bags ef Costa Rica brought forvard woere with diffuicbt disposed of,s even at a reduction in some instanlces of 2g 'per 'cat. Pi-iccaranged from SOs.to GSa d. per cwt. At tb'e close- of lsst week a floating cargo of 4,200 bags of Rio. coffee was dispoosed of at 42s. per cwt. BRcE-The market is 'without animation. The private 70asiness since last wreek- amounts to about 9,000 bas, 6,000 of which were Bassein, at 9s. 6d., . and the remaider low Easoon, at 8s. 9d. per cwt. 1,2670 bags BallLm were withdrawn to-day at auctionb at 9s. Gd. 'per cs Snnsm-2F70 bags Bengal, 18s per cent. refraction sold at 3s. d l per cit. Privately about 3,000 bags are reported sold at 31E.' Gd. to 33s., for 6'to 2 per cent. re-' fraction.- * COCsEnx. -64 bags in' public sale to-day found buyers at full prices. Mfexican sinief, Ss. 9d. to 3s. 1Od. ner lb. for bold grain; black, 4s. to 4s: 2d., and H ondurasb silver, 3s. 9d. to 3s. 106. for ord'inary to middling pasty; bitok,' 4s. 26. to 4s. 9d. per lb. T.4low.-The market continues steady, at 53s. on the spot, 52s. 3d. to 52s. 6d. for September, and 51s. for the last three months' delivery. LEATHhER A'X)D HmE-The supply of fresh leather at Leadenhall to-dav was again shor, and in many instanucs inadequate to the wants of the trade. Prime goods of every description readily founed buyersat previous quotations. In the raw hide-market a 'decline of ls. to 2s. each oocurred, with a dull demand.'.
THE MUTUAL LIFE ASSUBANCE SOCI.TY. TO THE EDlITO] OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your city article to-day you give an analvyis of certain life assarance companies; among others, the "London Mutual," established in 1849, with a naid-up capital of 5,000l. ow, as our name is copied in every direption, and as, in spite of alitho pains we take, mistakes are too frequently the consequence, would you allow- me-i to say that the Mutual Life Assurance Society was established in 1Wt,. and hasacapitalof,not 5,000l., but 250,0001. of accumulated premiums invested in Government and niortgae securities, with, rn addition to this, an income of d,,OO a-year? All this is patent to our friends, but with the general public, {o whom w?e also- look for support, such a statement as that made to-day, readsl sat will be, by a million of -ueople, uless thuAs noticed, is calculated to do us much h I have the honour to be, Sir. very resuectfullv vonrm Actuaiy. The Mutual Idfe Asetance-offlce, 39, Kng-street, Cheauside, Aig. 12. CN. IGAI
EAGLE IlYSURANQCE COMPAXY. [Advertis-ment.j The annual meeting of the ponetorg of this Company waaheld last Priday. at Radley's Hot-el, Nw Bridge-street, Bintirs, Joshua Lrchwood, BEq., in the chair. The Chairman said that he was gladto be able again to congratulate thepsoprietorsounthe Psrosperons state of their affairm The report which was about to be read would, he thought sbow that Weir progre. notivithstanding the great competition now exiating, was in al respects satisfactory. BeMore the report wars read, however. ho would take the opportunity to mention that the amalgamation with the Pal. ladium Assurance Company, sanctioned by the proprietors at a recent maeeting. as proceeding rapidly--towards completion. The members of inst highly respectable ComPany had, at a sPecial meetingealed for the purpose. namasni sl agreed to the arrangement, and the matter now only waited the fsrmal conutirstion of a second meeting. which had lready been summoned wi-.h that object. Aiter alluding, th tieaDs of regret, to the loss they had sustatined by the decease of ir. Wybnow. whomthey all so haghly esteemned he calted upby the actuary. to read the r-evort which easas felowa "The Directors have again to submit to the proprietors areport of the rogres 3of the Compeayeduing thes er ending on the 30th of -oune las, and of tne state of ies atai.s at that date. "rThe surplus fond ccount will afford inforaaation en the iirst head and the balance-sneet will supply what in required on the I econd Beth have been edamroed and certi3ed by the auditors, and are as SURPBlUS PUNi) ACCOUNT. Income of the year endg the 30th of Jun 26 1 130. Balance of awcount, JuneS9, 1959i.£905......... . .. . S,601 4 4 }nienmsonrewapetrsa ce ... .1 £9,118 15 9 Claims ; on d.,e of lives &~ 111,337 411 ^-12O,9i O 9 7 Annuities andnaterstonmortgages .. 348_36 1 Dividend on unded property .. . 3,2S7 14 2 Snndryeroallprofits,. .. , ,. 1,351 6 6 169,Rs5a 17 o Charge of theYear 9 1 9 Dividendoroptos. 4.. .. .. . . a0 CxaiDson deceaseofMa vem assured .£8,993 2 4 AdditionathEereo .6...... . .1-fx90 9 7 Pohlces surrcndert . . 2,42915 10 Annuities .. .. ., .. 1,40111 S Rle assuranoe .8. .. , . . . 8 502 7 2 * Counnisioa ,, , > £1037,577 6 9 Commission . . 3.483MZE 1) 9 31 31edkcal fees .... . .3. 55 10 O Iucomeonta..gr t .. . 2,177 6 8 Exopeures ofund .a.as .. ., ~96,20 1610 - 119,95 n 10 ac of surplus fna d ac t, as below 100007 6i11 4£426,130 159 InteIes t to edi proprietor Intees s £. . . 0,233 8 7 C tarme andb onu s unpaid. .;0,*61 6 8 ThundryaccOunta. ReducedA ut .5. .. ..8. . 161 S 0 aldT(eo52tbfescumpausredbgthe ompruy s . 1,301,863 13 9 PropAetorsebln .. .. . ,£U8139 0 Emplue ffild as above . ..e .. - 100,017 6 1'. 413,658 6 11 A.ssets, £1,847,281 15 n Amount investedinlfeninaterest inco..a. of .. . . ;;200,930 15 1A - Ditto- mortgages .. outlay483,S25 14 3 Dittusof M -,2.7. r whaitna .dd .oth ,ore b8,5c1 of 7 tree per Cents. Reauced Anuities3 4 ,*-l1 0 71 Conrobdated Long Aec uities .of . .8 . Y 2 7 6 Adbancedon the compant spoaicies .a r 7 the 8 S gnl balnctea.12 ......... . , . . ,00 85 2 3 VTaue r1s81)nof assuranceapremium r e. . 833 3,' 8 thi nua Aboeeenatnhfatthoe totag incove of tae copan frto yd The6.4S peius. on. sasrnd te tt rneedtay£26112utt 14Is. COd4eavinrra murplaimos £-425 gn 7&, heithsadded to the former bolanceof the eurplus fand,-mvales that item £6300,017 So. lid. , Tvhis incume excee to hat of the prevousa year bythe sum of £10,75 18. Ids, an increase p sly attrvhrtable to7the transfer of the bunmest of the dientorAInurace Coean -an pearty to the n_tural tVeterisofthenEg.be"itgsel77 1the ,remiumrs on new 3aeurances are £9118 llg mme 1 - u the nnuueltavedag thnc n the quMinuen w ial valuation in aln. £9,676 .Ssl.9d the annual average of the refelia fve yea.s was £5939 Os. Id T s.he premius osura ces repewded amn'et go £SdlaS7 os. 11d. rnalding a yearly average, since 16S2,of 5 at. of 5 aontrasted with £00,124l .9 2d., the annual averasoX of theyreaedinc live year 'The claims arsingondehease of livesaatesuiedsressomewhat heavy. Itwhl be scan that, together with the bones awdditons. they amount - tot 95,183.11s. Ild.; they have thti averaged £Z6710 faOs per ann1mdnoe She division in 1992. the boean annual unte ferthe toe years then fennvintatighelng £72,277. -,- It-vribPtobserredthatths epen%mes are nuch the saue se unlmee notwithstaxding the itnxtieni wnimhth Mentor Company and the lapge increase of incmene arising therefrom. - e Thbe Iast.year6 accounmts, it maaybeD remAembered, exhibited a net iamennirof assets of £191,570 143 Sd. Inclvuding the small vrofit of £3v170 O. d.,thla nsumba piodcAced, as lacy be seen duringthe yad?. £E39,812 i6s. 3d,, thatia to say, interest at the rate ofs5per cent. vry ThXe surplu-s fund, as airealyst^ated, now7 amounts to £Seo,017 6s.-1Id.A v'&tthenextAsnnial hleeting this ieurwiui be soxrsely djusted (a ,vahutirn lit the aeh inan lasbilities Mvalr-Zto b.o mnade in the inteslox), tand ,. ath£sanx tim.,, the A^rstrs bopo to :be enabled to announcee *k.e ;Osapttnof the smzngement.sanrtion^ed by ehe laat Epoca. meet. ic&as, Odneoshibit, in e onjunction-with that of i3ieBgleA the suhplua lund of ioPaTElla4inm Life A mfora C7ompany. Tbi sOi ai mot tho adopon and reseption of tho report wizbesen-dd, imernhderuunanimou usyaral vAleeaIeaMthin uut a cared InD asfueere tvthserecent itT~Msot tim slIc7ae is ivCi ,o: [*c n o tI^ m.peo haln he7Sti-s #60! d,all gigig SQ 9 D ;ret
COTof BAK1uF B guagjc4 Aug it 1to - - - -.n'11RE JULIUS WOBERT. -: : (Beforc Mr. Commmisn r ToxThr3a?Qv1.) '11e bankrupt is described as an - engineer of Poplar, &c. His 0accounts commenc Deceiber the 31sk 1S54, with a de-fic3grwyo' 1,9151., aiind cIose July' the 4th, 1856. with' the fol 'waiea:fr. ~-Urnsecured-creffitorsA2332k ; cr 0- 'sc 261L; liabilities, 1,7831. ;,profits, 7,,91, Cr. .-Property etimaed to realize, -2151. - claim pie; -the Mediterranean Telegr ph Company, -, ; rae expenses, 52 lo 757 ; ex rpeteldb ' the secured croditors'conaiata rincipaly of policies of ass. 'aurancean the En iecra a.nd Maonic and Bveaon Life. ofiicea, and 100 forfeited shares in the Portsmouth "Railway: ICompany, upon which 41.pert shae baa been paid; The ,claim upon the Mcditerraneian'Telegraph COmpnlaY ii' thus described :-" On the loth of May, 1855. I entered into a eostract with JohnWatkins~Trettn managerof;'tesaid' company, to lay dowvn subtorrinean cMbles from Sardiiiia Itote coast of Africa for 10,0001.,'And 2,0001. fr om Genoa' to the mainland. I compliedith-ll the conditions of the contract, and received a bill of eichange'for 1,0001., which lass been disonoured. I receiv~ed no . other paymni64 and the company took their contract-'fromInbeand mae another With Mr. Green for o,0001.. I: have commeiced, an action against Brett, and am advised by Mi; Serjeant Byles that. tho full amount of damages and profits lvill be recoered. -This was an examination mieeting. - Mr. Doyle opposed on behalf of 1rs. Van Toll, a younig widow lady ;fr. Libcas appeared' for the bankrupt. 1 Theba bo pta examined, said 'that at 'the labter end of 1652 he had recommenided Mgrs. Van Toll's lusubandI (since deceased)'to settle 1,000t.'up6n his wife. Both Mi r'iand Mrs.`Van Toll knew that the. 1,000L', .ws to- be lent ,to himself. He proposed that he should be appointed trustee. Somne instructions were givei in -reseet to a settlement, but they were never completed. The proposed 'settlement was only a blind to prevent Mr.. Toll; being able to gotthe money back from his wife. There niever was to -be a 'deed of trst at alL He was in custody at the suit of Mrs.`Vaai Toll on a judg rentfor 7001, wheia friendly petition was presented. tD tils Court for the purpose ogeflng his discharge from. 'ustody'. et "- Mr. -LuCAS.-There are some painutl . atess of a private nature connected with this claim for the 7001. so- much so that a most zespectable solicitorrecommended that an action should not be brought or the case be illowed to come into a ubli court. xfr. Doy}s. said the bankrupt had blinded the husband and given no protection to the wife. . I M rs. Eimma Mary Van Toll,'.examifed, saia her late husband was a gentleman of considerable property. . li 1852 she was tesiding at Portascouith *ith ler husband, when the bankrupt, a Captain 'in- hd `Royal Artillery, -was -in the habit of visiting at their residence.' Her husband 'went out on[a yachting excursion, when the' bankrupt suggested that she should be protected'against his expending .his money in so reckless a way. He suggested the settle. ment in ouestion, saying, "Leave it to me, - and I will be .one of tfie trustees.") Those were his words. He afterwards suggested haste in completing the advance Of co0001, as, the opportuniiy for hiavesting it so favourably. could not be kepib open mnany 'aays. ' Mi; Vanx Toll' returnied ,from his yachting excursion in movember, 1852,'-when the bankrupt said it would be a serious thiimg his getting through all his mnoney without protectfing his wife, and spoke .of a settlement bTeing made of 10, . The money was trans.ferredto her na-me accordingly, and she 'drewsacheckupo the London and 'Westminster Bank for.that amontann ithe namnes of the bankrupt's.Eolicitdrs'_- This was done at Captain Roberts's suggestlbn, *ho- sooke to her respecting his 'beingher trustee in the mnatte. He had subsequently said that he assher trustee, and that lheua leind the'money as heo leased. He hadpaidhiterist on account ofthe 1ans., an said that the prinhcipal could not b o t sotched.' nr. LUCAS, in cross-examination; put in 'a' nambei aof letter -which Mrs. Vani Toll said Were in her handwriting, and addressed to the bankrupt. . The letters were handed uptor the learnited cmmitioner, outd theircontents were no prmittedt-on transpie.odigg timately the bankrupt si iert 03s hrid-sfull intention to pay rs,Van Toll'sand clam whenphemshouldber8 in a position toldon soachughilie might* obtabiniatertifcat accut'the handsg of this Court. ~ ~ a th hnd nis Ho1ou1 'trasted thAt on haounld do so, paussed the bankrupt's examination, and said that he would name a day for the certificate meeting whenhe coiuld himself preside. Examinatf.on pased accordingly. IN "RE HENRY HOUGHTSON. The bankupt was a merchant of Fridaymstreet and watlig-street. Bfa accounts coanmenka January 2, 1855, with a caeital of fl,SS7, and close september 8,18I', with the following items :-Unsecured creditors 2%9301.;.creditors holding security, 9 13a - liabilities '6n accountof consig n mients, 114911. ; liabilities on account of J. T. Tayl6r; MRel. boume 16 1821. The assets ar i od vebto d . :3461.; debt de fovm oughton and May, g ontreal, an which the bankrupt was formerly a partner, 4,6071.' ; ditto, J. T. TaVlor, Melbourne, 3,2031.; - ropert giveni up, 7761. ; stock atmsydney, Adelaide, andl l{o) art Town, 2,9081. There are also some claims on captains of various vessels not valued. The property held by creditors is put down at 3,000y,ou and there is a list of losses to the amount 23,561r. This was an examination meeting. Ano adjouriunent was ordered to the 4th of November,with thie consent of al dparties. IT. RiE JOSEPH THOMPSON-I. The bankrupt, formerly of Rothsrham, was a drapert of Bishop Stortford, andpwa a bankrupt in March, 1855, under" the name of Joseph Blunnell Thompson.' This wan a meeting for' the purj,osee f aseertainin-what hadl become of a portion of the bankrupt's property. 1 The bankrupt admitted tha'i he saw somo goods removed,. but said he had not assisted in their removal; and a, person named BlaCkwill said the bankrupt had assisted in" 'the removal Of two hales-of goods in a Cab. Ik reply to" the Court the bankrupt, after various evasiv answers., :adthe goods went to r. Joseph Simmondaos, Grove-park,uf Camberwell. He saw some other goods removed, hut the rermov was n ot on at Monday. 'The Co=mssio,xaE.-You are very likely to findi yourstel witnepriso Frocthe -manner in which wou prevaricate goodesie that your rexmov-aud may. be taken ms writing, and f yur nswrs re ot oresatisfactor-y'you will stand commitd The Couv being for a short tim+e occupied in hearing another case the bankrupt was observed twnce to leave th witness-box and go in the direcUou of'the door. Oni being' called back he denied that it was his intention to leave the' court. Having approached very' near the door a second time, the learned Commissioner ordered one e of the mnesen ger's men to watch his movements. The bankrupt continuing to give untactory answe, the CoURT inquired whether heAhad Oan legal ad j isr. Bankrupt.- Yes, Mr. Chipperfield, Idon't see hsimr niow, But he was steoe a few minutes ago. The C lMssio\nsm-Are you aware of the penaly at. taching to the concealment of goods after bankruptcyh1 whenkrpt.-Yes ; I haveno doubi it is very severe. The Comxnhdeioeu.-aConcealment fo the amount of 10u. after bankruptcy is a felony, ano subjects the offender to transportation for lIfe. You will perhaps now state whatgoods were removed. There was a protractd examination of the bankpt and other witnesses, which went to show that 19 cwt. of drapery goods had been removed; andl Mlr. Gibbon askedl for the .coamitment of the bankrupt, os the ground of his unsatisfactory answers. e I d Hlis HONOre said he could not commit him on. this ground, buit the assignees could, if they thought proper, in. dict him for perjury. A search warrant was granted as against Simmonds; andI the banaupt's further examination stands adjourned. IN iE RE DWARD YOUNGE. The bankrupt was a stationer, of Holt, Norfolk. His accounts commence January 1, 1854, with a deficiency of 79,w6Z., and close June 28, 185, with unsecured creditor-, 1,948m. ; secured, 2801..; prdperty held'by srured creditoss, 8311. ; other assets, about 300!. This was an exanmination mneeting. It apuered that the bankrupt prior to 185 had been~ a clerk o-r agent of Messrs. Gurney, bankers, of Moricidh, when there was a deficiency in his accounts to the amount of 3,9001. Of this sum 4001. haLd been paid off; MessRas.' Gurney had received'a prDMissory note for their claimi, and, bankupt onexainaion faledto xplin stibesfactiy HMs Hoimroc.-No. Atpent t.Bo Bankrupt saya he. cannot givetherequaired 'explsain fh a adh -would niot there would have bee'tilmesvredc. sion than an adjournment sine di. dorndacdngy IN 'HE J. Ti H~ns The bankrupt was an importez of A-merican clocks-`bf' New Oxford-street. Hle failed to surrender, and was pro-. claimed an outlaw. accordingly.
STATE OF TBADE. Th market !dANCHESTEER, AuG. 12- The market continuesAirm, but there has been rather less activity for several days past than during the previous few wTeeks. No doubti.he mai" cause of this is that the large i business done has to a considerable extent supplied the re-'i quirements of the trade, and that this is one of the natural pauses in the trade which usually occur after periods of considerable >ativity, vhen stocks on handb avebeen mostlycleared off, and producers placed under orders for some timo forward. -In some cases nroducers without stock and under irders are asking rathei higheiprices. Some descriptions of printingclothsareinfairdemandatfmll-rates. Inyatrs there is not quite so mu'ch. business as last week, but tbe -market is very Erin, snd no change i3 srce is noticeable either for home or foreign demand. The business doirg is of a general character, suited. to all markets. tiessrs. John Slagg and Co. report:-" With the eXception ef certain kinds of printing cloth, which rontinre in good request at full rates, we have had a-less -active demand during t'he last two or three days; but, as manufacturers are general'y without stcks, and in many eases under contract, there, i2, of course, no anxiety to sell; and prices. of every description of c,oth remai perEectly irin." Mfessrs. George raser, Son, and Co. on y remark:-" Thre is a steady and fams msrket to-day,- but--with a, someewhat .limited business." -. ' ' ' = EEDS, AV ;. 312 Compared -with . Saturday, to-day's .market has :heen of rather a quiet character; and.thereh e'en'anen'tire absence of-anything. like ipeculatign, The, attendace6 of buyers in the .cloth-halls was pot nuenieois- and their purchases; which vwere almost entirely confine to winter goods, wfere within a moderate com ass, though, for aTijes* i's mnarket,- theywv erescaelv belovian average. I ' - -lThereport of to-day's inarL-d from lluddersfield is as fUovs :-" T.rhere has been an average attendance of buners inthe Cloth-hall to-day, and an 'verage business has been - ransacted. The demand is chbodered I fanciea, and a few uns and te ocii" ' I *' ,C} B~TI AItT TX EAgu Exrnaslos-Thn, Sst pillar of th'e new 'Palace *-Old Traford ii tF Xe b ea t,his-afternoont arid Mesis. Yosn anid o., the contrictorhPa,e; inie tu anheOrzibers to ke Guarnte Fund tX be,
NORTHRER'r rrfTRrnm :LIVERPOOL, Are. 12. CIVIL COURI&-(Before AAX. Baran Bn3R.aLNx.) ECOTT V. TEE MAYOR, ALDEEvIES', &C., OF TIH ErCly OF 3UNCHESTEE. Thiswaas an action brought by-the plaintiffto re cover coinpensation for the loss of axn eye, conseonuent, as alleged, on the negligence off the defendantse servints i breig some gaspipes. bwcn Lte. Athertos, QCG., and r. s appezed for the plainltiff; Mfr. Hill, Q.C., MT. Mok,an Mr. WVheeler for the defen'dants. It appeared that the defendamts-were taking ul some gaspipesin one of the streets- of llanchester in Novemberlast, and for this purpose a-mannamed Whitehead, who had been in the defendants' servief, for 9gesnar. in tlhs occupa, tion, was employed. Having dug down -to the pipes about 18 iches, the workmen proceeded to "skin" the pipe with a C chisel, and then to apply i cold stoel Wedge tc it, which,, on being strack with a -sledge hammer; broke the pipes. - This was the ordiniary mode of'breaking the pipes, - and ip o accident had ever been- knowm to occur before -from so, taking up the pipes, although chips of iron would sometimes fly an had been known to break windows. -- The defendants were the ownest; of -the -gaispipes -undert xLocal Iinprote., nent Act, aind it was their duty. to take up. the pipes by_ their servants when required. - On the occasion ini question, when the defendants' men were -athus enaged, the plaiiti-f, qo is a beershop-keeper- -and tailor a6t -2anohestert wa6 walkiWg down- ,the stree' - and on passing the spot; whIere the -workmen were breaking the gaspipes a splnter of iron flew offsad struck him in. thegeye, causing hinm intense agony,t,and the result ta3. that he lost one ere maid-was -i u dnger of losing the other. He had formerly made 601' or -70L-ayeas a a :-orkingtilor, butwas now incapaclit&ffrom -following 'that occupation. For the plainif it was contended that it -was the defendants' duty sa to,- haeon bior ato. prevent- the posilbility of' poig that, It was customary in such cases to put- u a boird - or canvass as a screen. The defendants p1eaded -that they acted nnder the- provisions of the Local Improve ' mint-Act, and employed persoelsof competent skill to p for the work, -d interfered in no other wi. They c witnesses to show that the work had been dine in the proper-and ordinary minaner. , :- I .1I I His LoBrDSn baving suinled up the evidenoe, The jury retired, and after a short absence returned with a verdict for the-plaintifF-Dsmages 4001. - CR,OW COUBT.-(BCfOi-C fr. J.stiue W snz) -- GereCureadale) was charged -with - forgery arid uttering fo'erterr, on:nthe 26thuoif March last, a bill of exchange Mr. Brett appeared for tThe prosecution, -and Mr. T. Atkinson for the prisoner. It vas proved that on the 26th of March the prisoner, -who was a small manufacturer at Baltey, passed to a r. Ormerod, a commission agenlt' in Manchester, a lill of ex-- changefor 300I., purporting to be drawn by the prisone; on, and to be accepted by, a Ib. Banford, a retired mansifacturer residing at Burnley. In order to show the prisoner's. knowledge ef the forgery, it was further-proved that on! the 1rth of March the prisonerhdiutteredto fessrs. Dilwqrbb, at Mnchester, another forged bill, purporting to. be drawn by himself on, and accepted by, Banmford for 467?., and that on the 7th of March he had uttered to 'Ormerod a forged bill for 3601., prporti gto be driwn by-himself on, and accepted by, Messrs. Rawlinson, Brothers. It -was clearly provedthatall the acceptances wereforged.Immnecllatelyafter the transactions in question tle prisoner fled to - Hamburg,where he wvas followed and apprehended, swhile living under a false name. He was afterwards declared a bnkruet - Mr. ATvxssox haviDg adressed the jury for the psoner, The jury found the prisoner Guilty of-uttering. I Mr. Justice W.LLES, in passlig sentence, said that the offence was of the greatest gravity, both on account of the position in life of the prisoner, who should have been above tem pstion, and of the consequences -of such an offence in tis country. In the late cases of a simiilar description in London forgeries had passed to the amount of thousands of pounds, anJ were not discovered-until-the mot extensive injury had been sufered, no discovery usually trirng place in such cases until the offender had become openly insolvent and many parties were compromised by putting theirnames upon the bills. The sentence of this Court nus be that the prisoner be transported for 14 yeaLrs. - Mr. Pxcar o, QC.C, sat to-day in the Sheriff's Court and tried several prioners. The cases were of an ordinary character.
NORTH WAES CIRCMTh U±IJ STER AucG. 4. I ( eJorc AtD. Tustfce WILTAM.sc, and a Specsia .Tvry.)' GrU AX V. SLA3DFN .AIID CO.-flHACOCK V. SLADZ?D Mfr. Grove, QW.C. andX. - D.o pere for the plai-- .fiI% truseteszor thne utfa per-hi~ patents ; M?~r. IVelsy for for the defendants. :. Mfr. DAVISON opened the pleadings, which were very ,lengthy. These actions werebroght for infringements of the gutta percha patents. The learned JuDGn directed t'he jury to fiad their -verdicts for the plaintiffs in each case, which they coordingly did. II-- .I Certficates as to the validity- of .the patents were ihen granted by his lordship. G BIIAJA V. MOSLZLY.EY_.ANCOCK V. 3O1E0E. These actions were. for similar infringemnents of the guttsa pca paftents. The same counsel- as in .the 'above cases apuesred o th plaintiffil;j Mr. Coxen for the de- Verdicts were given for the plaintiffs in both cases, and certificates grantedby the learned judge as to thevalidity of the patents.
EVXTRORDIXNARY B.ATEORIM I-- .- TO am EDrNoROP THE TIMES. Sir,-As you werekind enough to insert my letter an- nouncimg the return of the periodical mneteors, your readers. may be curious to see the result of the obserltions made on this occasion. The eveuing of the 9th Wws partJafly clouded, but the intervals of clear sky showed an abundance of falling star: of the ordinary kdnd, and some of the lrger sort. -IAst night {theith) thecare4aws quite- different -ke-skywas clear, and the theinometer, at 80Q -degrees-at ixnthe evening; wind south. As soon as it was:dark the most beautiful henomena began to appear; all the three -sortsrofxaeteors escribed by meteorologists were-- Tisiblej -ahooting in; ever! direction icross the heavens-some lairge, and brilliant, moving slowly, andA eaving lumninoul trais behind them, which remained a long tie isibmee in ere lostbydispersion; like the :spar}ks which a rcketleLV2es: *'b-bind it.. Otheitieteors were small, and varied in cooloui- -and raPidity of motion.. I-.s:m' persuaded theyr were not' -Vrey highintheatmoephee,Ifor mamy of themi described -naroof at least 60 degroea an oerceptihie tUe, like The aisg stroke of lightning, Otheors moved 'on':wth' -tall - -3aJ.stlC motion,:.- and 'Were iapparently _Irger 3 haus .Y nus, givinDg sch lightad-l eating a lunid-gebofqi}S -L their track. These CurkU:3 or ent i n F - per 23aiI'teiight and for naome e*rniDa 'to eorm . L.izeitn ougs. - Soaiiu a4ily noe e4Wsb.rvew ji $-li Yorautbedltwrzi -i taawva ne - .T. ICoB8Tz& J I' U Ampt " - I
I - - r - . 49iCE- , A.N810iSoum Dnielioiep aI Powerfully bui raean, ~o&cor -o on otlq6i's onibues,plying bektwion GrbaxchufhtreeV&nad -'Peckhamn-rje_ tnunber of, budge Qhdhl11IV mitted a AwrapJand 9.11.= HarrisChild, a wine nbIIt rsilding UmPeth , on tIle 19th of Junei ilas for the -complainan, who exfaghtfil samr oisiisforebead, and who had beew 6ona to his bed from the time the a ultwas commitied tlthsday., Mi. Pollard, fromithe oiiOe of r. XEobler -appeered on balf of the defendani whlolhad been remajided from ime to time, but admittd to billion account of the iability of tie complainant to ztten&.! I The following evidene'was given on the 20th of June _,WIUiLn Smith, constable, 572.-The defendant was given into my custody to-dav on a charge of awsaulting Mr. Child lis night.. The -defendani ,sid that the gentleasir-track thefirsi; blow, -that the latter wantedtogetinto his omnibus,a AUhdithjtbe refusedto tiJefimil, and upon the gentlemajnsteiking him he pushied him down. . The defendant' ilw iisaadhe was very much excited, and did not -know what be dAid at the momenl . I toldilathat thegentlenan. wasin a. very bad state aid oompelled to keep his bed fromthe tfacts of the falL. jre alan told me that the gentlemian had :stuclk hin twice with his rinbrella across his legs, which Icaused Manhtopussh him down. Y66terdaythecoamplainunt attended, and having- been' :sworn, 'said,I am s wine mnerchant, carrying on business ins Maikla*. Ci.OnTh'uisdi_, the 19th of June last I hiiled an -omsisbtK:orfwhich the defendant was conductor, in 'in ' . liham-strt He itoi;eA the'iehicle and said smnethingg w ha con account ofthe noise ofthetraffic and'my ufferJngfirom the effects of a severe- cold, laid not distinctly, '.hear. .. I uderstoodhii to'sayFthatthe omuibnaws full; ut, 9bsrvvngthat there was-room,ltonched him withmy ,usnrella for the rose of calling hiattention-to-the fact. do niot imagine thtlhit,him hard.; I believe-thatI-only Lgently 'touched h'imi on the-leg. He immediatsly got down asd aboused- me; uon whieh 1 'said I-should:report him, or sojethg to that effect. -.As I ws turning sway from him he,,o mne A severe Nlowr over my eye, - whi,Ah inocked me down,any forehead- striiiiig,the kerbstone. l'immedittely . .became irsen ible,- and d 6ia: nct'bcmeeonsciou&again till I found a surgeon dutsi my head. '-The blow with- the -defendint's fistnear'ysro e my3jw, 1oosenedua-y teeth, and i- ave opnly been ble to maticate with-great difficulty and :u ever since. When r reached my residenceit- was foundneessary to ive rayhead, .which, fronathe fact of erv4ipes setting in, cansel itto swell to double its bIedinary. size.- If t he erysip.llas -had-extendedi a little funrther than it did, IhouNldhavelot my lifG. When I wasinkucked dowv.nI wscoveredwath blooddand mud. I kept my bedfor four or five weeks, when ~I got u, but was compelled to ' alce t.o itngan. I have not yet re ,eovered fr?m the inariesl ~ h.oss-esaminedby- :r. Polla.r-I forget the name of .thesugeonitowhose hou_o I wLs taken, In the course of. the daylTadnottakensufficient to make me druak. I' Ihd only drunk one glass of! brindyiand-water with a friend, - anD had transacted business between the time of taling that - an-d baiing-the omnibus. -I was perfectly sober.' " -Alderma CAmTER intimiated that:it was his intentiontoI setnthe case to the sessions. - - '- r.-Pollaid said, he had two witnesses wuhavwouldbe able to prove that the complaisixt Was intoxiated when he desiredtoentertheomabus. ; . AlderMan CART -_E-en if thatwere thel case,ilthotgh the complainant denies thait he was at all the worse for .liquor, consider'this tobe one of the most wautonpieces oft bratality that, One ,man can -possibly inflict upon another. ' - - . Mr. Pollard.-I think i.t iill appear that the casehis been very much overstated, andathat the complainant, who wasnot sober, hailed an onmlibunprevious toithis, the con-- duteor of which xefused to take him. I believe I am in's condition to show that the defindant told tle complainant: he could not take him, upcn which the latter ran after the onsnibus and insiteg np_on Letting in.- The defendant then nashed him in thechest.-upon which the complainrant struck-' :icntwice violently vith hi5 umbreDli upon one of his le, which had been injtired lsome months previously.' I canp ove that the complainant was not struck at all by the defendant. ; Alderman eAsii -You Wm have an opportunity, if yoi choose to embrace it, of proving those matters before another tribunal. - - IThe defendant was then dommitted for trial to the sessions, but liberated on bail. . `BOW-sTsnMT..";AFrencliman, 'named Henry Joseph Re' mussier, was brought up onl a charge of cruelty to a dog. ' * The charge:was prefernedby: a gentlemwi named Parmnenter, - who, in passing through .Hngerford-market towards the Suspension-bEiage, saw the prispner ta-eup a dog by the nape of thenneck and fiing-him overthepwrapst, ' not intothewater. but on the pavement, which at that pat is about 25 feet below the bridge; The prisoner threw the poor brute as high as he could, and with such force that it -fel 'at a dishance of 20 feet from the bridge. -The prisoner said that, hhaving only arriea- in london that morning; he was -not aware that he was acting in viola- tVon of the law. In Primce, if a, dog ws found at large' dthout any mu3zile or colhr bearing the owvser's name, 3otonly might any one lill it, but- the owner was liable to a fine.-- Thus he considered ie was doing aubli servioe, and was istouanded a ind that he had rendered himself liable to 'be iken into custody. The dog had seized hirn b the leg, -butthisWellington boots-1rotected him. He added that he didnotmeantokill-the4dlrg,but only .tothrow it into the *ater,-andhad not observed thatthere was astone: paving ndner that part of the bridge. . '- - Mr. HmNRY, admitting fhat.there was some differenoe inthe-laws'and-customs of iEgland.nd France, said he couldnot believe that in the later country anyperson miight kill a dog if it vw asnmmnnu_ed_ E at wasia power in the hands .of the police alone. But even if it were allowedto kill the d , it could never h conceived that itt asa "apublic beneW"to fling the poor brute violently -from such a height, which might verg much injure w?ithoutikldlEigt. Xe mutst pay a. fine of. 5f,;or be commuitted for a fortnight. : The fine was paid. - t WxssinimsTms.-Henr Beale, a labouring man, ws charged with the brutl treatment of his wife. The accusedwas -brought before the magistrate a. fortnight ago, when it was stat that the in3ured womann as inthe hospital in a vesy precarious state. The constable 'who appreliended the prisoner said thiat he foundthewoman in an msensible qLate; her face, arms, arid body were mich. bruised, and from what thn`eiieghbours told him he took the prisoner into custody. Inn a zweak aften erds the wie eas * brought to this ceurt frem thei hospital, but was so -extremely ill that the magistrate' directed her to be inuie: diately taken back, and the a,ccused was further reminded -until yesterday,. when his wvife was considerably'cetter. She stated tha on Sai;urday fortnight her husband told her he woulld come, home diiectly after he' had left his work, and! she expected him,as he bad- made a promise t take her to the Crystal Palace. Hour sue-- eeeiied hour, and as he did not appear she became vey anxious about him, and st length went to thevaious oublinhouses he frequented in quest of him, but did Atot find him. Returning home she sawhim inthe street intoxicated. She went to him, when he inmrediately knocked her down with a. blow on the side of the head, and- she became ins'eusible. She had no clear recollectiDn of what afterwards took place umtil she found herself lying on her bed, and was then informed that her husband bad been taken to the station. She -then found that she -was sufferin& from other - blows beside the one sbe rememlbered, abo.t thebody, and wasalso bleedinz from the mouth amd noEe.. She did not then wishl. to hurthim, and would ncot hive preferred a charge against him but that she Nasa eraid, if he was' set at liberty, he would return to the house andall-use her more. She had been married to him four years, and he had been in the habit of ill-freatinglher when intoxiCated. In answer to an inquiry from Mr. A.SioLr., she declared that on the present occasion - she gave him no provocation whatever. Mr. AiLuTom, after colmmenting upon the prisoner'sgioss brutality, sentenced him to six months' hard labour in the House of Correction, reqtLiringhim at the expiration of that time to find bail for the next Si months. James Jennaway, who stands charged with shooting at Charlotte Sta-nley with a pistol, wns brought ap for inal examination. . The evidence taken on the previous occasion, which-has already appeared, having been read over, the prisonerwas - comnuitted for triaL ,-: CLa rEwann.-Dohn?'Cunliffe, alias Owen, and John Huffman, two rough-looling fellows, were charged with violently assaulting poliee-oonstable W1llian Claidon, 241i G, in the execution of his duty. , It appeared from the evideiice that the injurd consable, who is ene of the best conductedmen in the divisioi, was on duty in- Iaystallstreet, ear Liquorpond-street, on the night of Saturday wee6, when, hearing a disturbance, and. finding a number of fellows, among whom were the prisoners, he asked them to go quietly away. Thn words were hardly out of his mouth-when one of the prisoners got behindhim and struck- him violently on the head, which paially stunned him; but,. orn the constable . seizing him, the mob eried out, "Give 'it to the , s-aid at once EuIrounded the cOnt'tale, struck at him right and left, threw him, down, kicked hiLm, and, after dngging him about, pulled him down sx stone steps into a narrow court, and there struck at. him aga. When the constable wa3 resTued h-is face was a mass of bruise, and his back ws so nmjured that he bad been, unable to go on duty. 'When he now appeared he had to be asssted into court The constable, who his a family to support, will not be well enough do any'thiinig for some time.- The prisoners, in defence, said they were not the meeirwho had committed the assault. lr. COB311E charaterisdA tha conduct of ,the rnib s - st disracful, and committl thle prisoners for trial ! Sot;TuRWA}e.-John JBullvant, Alfred Dale, Richard Smith, and Arthur Grintwood, were charged -with being. concerned isn stealing a nulmber of bundles of! paper, worth xearly-200., from barges on the river Thane3, the property of John Drake, Lghtesiian, -Wapping. "Smith- -was lso. charged with being cowierned l'ith three otlVers (convicted -atthe-July-scseions) -in -itealing 16-bags of, sugar, the pro, per of Messrs ambe- an Dards lighterraen, 66, Ibower Thames-street,- from a barge off Aldermans-whaf,- - John Clarnes wharf letkiatmies'swharf, identiied the -wrpers produiedb- the -narka as id':Dg overed3 pales of paper,valued at 7OL, stolen from the barge Per.reveranc c the 8th of August -They came from Sotland co ed- to dealers-in: admoan the 2th of July, 1B lr.cnMe Ye rlso stolen: f te atheben Wharf, which he identifieda i hoee fimd1m -Gimwoed's lsoua by Sergeant Hewlett. - - - - 1r, Co zAa4s :whelher :any of the . paoleaperha been inbi3pont-son .i-: -; - I Witeins- replied that it had ot, but .e remajsn porbo hae, and he ldentfied the psper.produeie ses -pat-of a-Use ;ea sipped-t t Us -xame time 13ythe tber- ir Ii erOw4x iaaio byM. a Sergeut l liesni ~. he N7 lwhehae tah. htmV : ~keasihel8 hadle. . ,kq he 'ui4 as m eethbt- p;rebwead tiem of Bulvat for 27. a wt the c4rL at the iiil being 35s. Mr. Cto3ns akd - t hieii VW robbery? Inspector -Bridgee, ie tiat he. n. ah lgatUz4ar" a" on a futuie leazing iLd-be bIete a BhOW 11 Was connected_ wt a goi who- not Ua id *a froin the bare.ilm quscblt ad,- fore ;t blittedtv.leytL-sxkt t A tha-21 -T i Witnesa,asked for a-r_d,-te inaMS -h p e further evidence ainst a- I te ' Ir. Cowa, remanded_ th, fora. k t a i1U - licitin of BE r:Bi in ac ilfe:Gw . - of lzht' 'W} lo asid 'Maz Amy, Glas two weil-dreed womre, the frler c who i be at Bliniiagha, aind1ftw-zderfu!d 1. give e were daed with pickig pocket an th ji ti at theWtrlo o - -atiegi. - George Butt, one of the railway conPe ip d Ut :On the evening bere, aiib=f- - t7 d-locl, i wiw ori tlie a.ival -latfori- of the W ern, and- ovlrvdi pripoers, who were in eeinpassy nd petkiag to eachh, 'walking bckwards and forwaz, 0an1 tie arival of. . SPtthamnpton trsisawer-tLemu.ru towa a crwd efpe - sanger-swho were waitinto-reoeive ig X . (Eutty1ollio*td -t ind-tO -prisoner towards the poek ofalay 1 icL pr -H pko -e .sy;ad askedi her if-abe edlot nthing, and-.}r .e~ Vwo, "No; lu hve not tntli- hat tha woa' , iincin n, "bee~ behiren tryig sly poCket, acdJI dbettr keepn ai ee to her." Ongoing ona-l^itU e- he saw the lsoner Clskgo p toa lady andlhff . .e -pocket; she didnot-su*eeel-inget a U n took her intu doy on a ebgeoftimck e . . doing:Ao, lhe SaawWilson inside tEe arr.' fint at of pncking-a ladygz pocet. .he had th'e p4cket ifted up jith one hand and put the oUter into it, Abt di Dot cd in taing anything. -e btt) aed her-bni trand .Wil,on repliec tht he had just cd e f ton,' .nda-wax stlngfr xee pree ia a - t n-scllh roeIsre -aon the itgpeen4.et iedc herinto ctody aiAd handeaher; as wil h cop i Anthebe chIsIe ofan officer. FEm?-what he had heied:ho deenmed it deirable to-watch zIoe-, S;- tn . being tsken along the latforns but Wilaonhtdlecto. Ceeded - liany. YzIda - vtv= -sh oo.nneee e -ad.$6ktsnq with 'tbe .offloe in cha,re of bee a the other prxioser. Xe iButt) saw HnP it ilocethii into her miouth, which he blieved to be tod, , l*iA tb he] gtzrDggled -hard: toW prevent her she xnoeceea ni swQlowiDg It, whatever it-w. He;ho&wer, fo iSd I_i he: left iand the purse produced, contaihing a check for 5Lls. a th:reepenny pieoe a fing, ad some miece of a Wililon-upon.t b-`Cam-vei vi-ioentI, and it-ro.with.; difficulity she wa6imkea to the sttionhouwhre 9p p3 'Wa fornd on-her. - - - , - XhzsbElizabetEvznss d,sealveddt' thi -oise of Yia Thoimiai Powell, a builder, lohape, and bamne,y the Southampton tr&in to the waterloo 'siation on the evening befo:re. While on the platforn se observed hepe. Wihonl by -her-side, and on observing the, diafurbanoo causud.by therelmovalof the:pnsonemr, he, m herihanc into, her pocket and found her purse gone. roiauke3 hefie while waiting foi herluggage, sihe felt itiae, -anl the pocIeti, iwhich-itWir placed was-on-the side eec hkich the prisoner slod,wle cloeeto her. - The purse.produedl wss ths same,- acid iWken.-aba lot.it it._ containe&dtwr Oveeig n Mand tWo half.eovereigna More tai. wisen:jt ]hadi been taken fron the prinoner.- .Polics constable JamaesIamb, 72L, sidthat-wh td:,~e toremove the prisonejr froin the: platform.-Ilak -cLWA Up aI hwuledeher-basket to Wilson,an&e-sw the ,1e out- of it.-: Clark, who then sood ehij; - ]dckqd him in so violent a-manner-that he beame peif y faint, and was. obliged to letWiion gu. Both thenbecasno -very violent, and inucb *ieytion eurd- 40 -emoxove them; to, Tower-lstrat shition.house,. X ' - -n reply to a l4ueation from-the LfaC-Ilsnr the -witneer said he saw the offoer Burtt tcueout of Wilson's I ectorflent,'of the A. division _ois inciLP ly employed on the SouthlWeetemn AlwaJy here sidit -was tbh elesire of the directors and the ifficers beloGng to -tha railway tosDpaer no expense in protecting th4p -nge their line from the pricices of sndcpersoasas the peiEone i,>andhe had therefore to request a mie- 0(he of tDe yrisonersrepresented heself as esiding at-Birmingham, and the-other refusd her addrers altogether, ad le thues -fore leouited:time to mnake the neWeary inquihries as to their;an.cecedentse, - . -- Thbe jmrsoner Wilson, findig tha she a t - be ±cmand-rd, pleaded i Guilty," and requested h+at tbih nis trate -night- deal with her, declng tht- Clark Iew noting about lii. : ~ - Mr, NocRTon, however, remanded the priso3ers to a aturedny, requesting tbat in tha interimbthey. should be seen by nIl the detectives.
lEil L-A TE EECUTION Ar DOECHE,STER - TO TH :EDITOR O:F T T TDES. Sir,-Fermit me to. intrad onyours spacs biiefly to axpose the ptiul j,us,tice admniniste,ed byonrneSecretaby. On Saturday morning last Martha Bro.apaid the highest penalty of the law mnifront of Dorcheter Gao'forthemurs der oU her husband. The , . woman ionfessEd her crimie, but unfolee4 euch a ,,*3l,,oflilreatmea acs excited the sympathies of alot everyone, and there,is ub one general feeling in the county, aud' that is, thlt the. retched womanhas been,unjustly execnted. - - The eircusaces are these .Th husbaud, .ohn AnthonyBrownP came home to the culpnton a Sindav morning at 2 o,clock, very tipey, and, after using rnucuh 4iolent anguage, mostb ybeatherw7thawhalleonewhij. She accused him, and juslly too, of having been with -awoman named Davis,, RthAom sie knew he freqently cohabited. Shis,accusation on,l increased has ire, and brought fresh illtreaiment b ontheg,ve. B,uyelthlealond ana ~ smaing underthejpao nto theblowseinflicted by heihtbeodr she seise a hatchet whEich lay on the floor and struck him ; violentblowon he head. IIe fell,and she coas uleaed the bsurk, sfreldngohim agBIn andd ahain ttio he esired. On the justice of hersentence I,wsi to mnake no ree3rks-I shalnlyd aw acmpa.sonb 'etween her case and anotber; hut bfaore doitheo I m Itiaddthatthe m6ststretiofs emor'iens wera made tUo .sie ths,life or the wrzetche! woman, bult without avaiL. Itisia the rerollectio.ji of most of your readers that a few months ago a womnn toeok her daughter to a cellar, kept her there until an opportunity presented itself for effecting her purpose, and then deliberately murdered , her by cutting her throat. No criesof compassion could touch the,hardtheart of that wom an; no maternal fedinegs would arresh her hand, bnt the foul deed was committed, aud that girl swbom nature would bind her toprotect was ;nhumanly segt by her to her last account. Contrast this defencelees child with the drank-en, adulterou husba4nd, -whb eraehy thrashes his wife becaunse she remonsrates with him for his denations fromthe paths of chastity. .Xet the murderessof her. daughter escapes the gallows,. ad athe uormaate sl,yer df her brata husband pays thedeadful pe-Iaty of t,he law. Can this be called impartal justioe.CnI beroI. ir sao g, thatif Celestina Somner did Aot dwveeve,the penaltyof death, Martha Brown is a -murdered wonmu Did our Home Sesretarv hink the nurder ofE a husband duz ng a violent quarrel a crime of-a daeeEer -than the murder of a daughter in the most calmn zad deliberate manner? If we are to have capital pun -mentg, let there be no partility; letnot the condemned have hepoWwer to say, "Your Eng,lsh law is unjust; myoffenceis greatabat others of a darkerhre have been pardoned; your justice cannot be im_ partialifthispaysapealtyfrom which another was libei ratea." - : g . : . ~I am, Sir, yours very respeetfulys. E. N. cox I B.Idpoqt, At&];_____
THEK' COABrAIGR OP P1yISON:RS nF. PUBLZI O.AVYARS. . _ TO TE EDITOR OF TBE TIE:S. Sir,-Yobir publeaition. of the letter of Your Puinch correspondent in SaturIdAy'B mumber inuduces -. to send yrorx the following Staement d o On Monday, the 4th ini., twoldies one bavin0 nnfaan tht other alitUe girlwith her, vere tertili lj4saing hustled into the comptment of aseeond e6- ga. in 'vhicn they were several yrI>-nem bd er along with a Wolicem.n. Their Eist Impression was toZrus ps e a giou of the carring, butthe fear of oming inoor a4 se almost hmnediate departure of the trin de t S he appearance, actions, and eoonersation of $M p i were repulsive and d sini in the extme. The ps th:ough a tnnel with-thiee -cAei - o teaded to mitigate the iediee' fea. is dent, or rather outrage; ocouned on -Ahe re ak rhiro ue of ranihray-the branch leadinig o B to a- cb:este. - - - . -I am, Sir. ,oure reaiaifeulh :-.: TfEE O mn'O ' E~~E LfIS CRYSTIL P icA -ON- SMInm DAT, TUisZ.AY, Awgut 12 -Admi*ims =0 pynmt, 8,42; dittQ, a1d ve Lau X i;;;; d; _ -i. in. aqui i
ITLITARY2m NAVAL INTE1"fBNcE. ' whole oI the Royal Horsa Artillery were yesterday =Oraing trooped onWool"ich-common at G o'clockl, and xehcarsed a number o field exercises intended for the gene. ral inspection which is ordered to- take place to-day at 2 t'clock b-eforja is Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. At S o'clock they were withdrawn to the encampment, and the field was then occupicd by th2 batteries. These were drmwn out, likewise, for the purpose of rehearsa, in heavy marching order, under the commaui of' the colonels of divi. eong. A good deal of firing took place, which was kept up -nntil near mid-day. At 4p.m. sit battalions composing the whole of the A-tillery off duty, were marched in two divisions to tha common, and put through a course of drill exercises, nnder the inspectiorn of General Williams, Commandant of the Garrison, and his Staff. To-day his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, Commander-in-Chief, will inspect the whole of the Royal Atillery on Woolwich-common, at 2 p;m., and at 7 o'clock his Royal Highness will dine with the Genimal and the officers of the Mess Committee, in adcition to whom the Duke's own Staff are invited, as well as the Staff of the Horse Guards. The Inspector-General of Fortifications, Sir John Burgoyne; Colonel iMatson, -Deputy-Adjutant-General, Royal Engineers; Dr. Smith, a)irector-Generul of the ArmyMedical Department; the comnding officers of the various corps inL Woolwich, and the heads of departmeats there, Sir Hew Ross and Sir Bobert Gardiner, wi likewise dine at the mess-table on this occasion. Preparations have beea made and covers ordeed -to be laid for 150 persona. The 95th Regiment, consisting of 28 officers, 540rank ane fije, under the command of M3ajor Dennis, left Alder. shott Camp yesterday morning at 9 o'clock for Portsmnouth, there to embark on board the steamship Pacific for Dublin. The 824 Regiment, lately retued from the Crimea, ;Trived at Aldenhott on Monday morning to be quartered, and is now in the north camp. HIer aiecty's ship Centaur arrived yesterday at Portsmouth, from Cadiz, from which port she sailed on the 7th mlt., having on board the remainder of the officers and Iroops out of the steam transport Clarendon, lately wrecked eff that port, us reported in The Times of the 10th inst. Her Majesty's ship Centaur left at- Cadiz the screw steam transprts Bacchante, Jackal], and Aibatross, coaling for Englond. The latter had taken on board the horses saved irom the Clarendon. The Wlliam, (192), sailing transpor%, has arrived at Portsmnonith from Kertch ancd Constantinople, and has sailed n,ain for the eastward, with the following:-Captains Bent, Xye,oand Collins; Doctors Gibbon and Foagey, Turkish Contingent; Lieutenants Vidler and Haydon, 93d; Underwood, 42d; and Johnson, Kershaw, and Badgley, 1st Royals; 19 non-commissioned officers and men of the Turldsh Contingent. Tho Libra, commissariat transport, No. 15; the Mary Davidson, commissariat transport, No. 195; the Panama, -commissariat transport, No. 192; and the Balasiava, com- imisariat traport, NTo. 10, have arrived at Portsmouth from the Black Sea and Constantinople with ordnance and commnissariat stores, &c., and await orders. Hler Mjesty's ship Royal George has sailed for Sheerness, and Her MajesWtys ship Banshee for Woolwich. The Pioneer, No. 232, screw steam transport, has arrived at Portsmouth from Devonport, and awaits orders; and the Barretto Junior, commissariat transport, with stores, &c. from Constantinople and Malta. s Her Majesty's ship Algiers, Captain Codrington, arrived *, Spithead yesterday evening. His Sardinian Maiesty's corvette Aquila, 16gans, Captain Chevalier Galli di Mantica, arrived at Spithead, in the night of Monday, from Genoa, on a voyage of instruction, bhving on board U officers of the staff, and 52 mid. hipmzen from the Royal Sardinian Naval Academy. Yesterday morning she saluted the national flag and the Port Admiral, also the Sardinian Consul, Chevalier Pappalardo, who afterwards presented the captain and staff to the naval and military authorities at Portsmouth. The C Field Battery of Artillery, composed of 6 officers, zbout 200 men and horses, 16 guns and 11 carriages, em. barked yesterday at Liverpool for Dublm. The hired freight-ship Koh-i-noor, Captain John P. Watlington, sailedyesterdaymorning from Woolwich for Bermuda, with lieutenant Henry Bill, in command of a detachment of 49 non-commissioned officers and privates of the Royal Artillery Regiment, to increase the strength of the companies there. The screw transport W. S. Lindsay left Woolwich yesterday morning for Deptford; and the sailing transports Star of the South and the Ayrshire are ordered to be discharged the service. The non-commissioned officers and men of the Royal -Sappers and Miners at the head-quarters, Brompton Barracks, Chatnam, are farnished with the Lancaster rifle, and the 26th company of that corps have commenced a coorse of rifle instraction under Lieutenant G. R. Lempriero, Roval Engineers, the instractor in Mnsketry of that corps. Tlhe troops belonging to the Chatham division of Royal Marines ig4ht Infantry wvere yesterday morning marched to therear of their barracks at Chatham, for the purpose of witnessing the carrying out of the sentence of a courtmartial upon Private James Taylor, of the 73d company of Royal Marines, who had been sentenced to receive 50 lashes, and also to be placed under stoppages, for desertion, and 3nniatng away with a portion of his regimental necessaries. After the prisoner, who bears a very bad characte:, had received his punishment, he was removed to Melville Hospital. The Sandfly gunboat, Lieutenant-Commander B,.G. W. Nicolas, was taken into No. 4 dry dock at Sheerness on Monday, to have a condenser fitted, to complete which will occupy 14 days. She is ordered for immediate active zervice. The gunboats Plover, Spanker, and Pelter are being fitted in the lower basin at Sheerness for immediate active service. The Magnet gunboat is maling good defects, and preparing for immediate active service. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Tieutenant F. B. Purvis, to the Actson; Samuel Smyth, raymaster, to the Childers; Henry de Ridder, clerk, to the Ccssar; Edmund C. Bryan, master's assistant, to the Highfyeri G. H. Donkin, midshipman, to the Actmeon - Chares Jenkmns, midshipman, to the Princess Royal; deorge C. Gahar, assistant clerJ, to theGladiatorL James Wortley qasista t clerk, to the FormkidAbe;- William A. Brown, £ssistant clerk, to the Diamond; Frederick North, assistant clerk, to the Medina; Thomas Pallinger assistant clerk, to the ahironh.-e; C. C. Roberts, naval cadet, to the Royal The lc9th, or Couty of theblin ight Infantry Regiment tef Militia, was formally disembodied on Monday u the sq-uae of the Linen-hall Barracks. cbonut 3O of the men who had not previously tasken their discharge, and the offiicers of the regiment, assembled on the occasion, The Earl of MIeath, tue colonel of ihe regimuent addressed the men, returning them thanks for their orderly and soldierlike conduct since the formation of the regeiment, and congratulated Them on having, by the manner in which they had conducted themselves, won esteem and respect in evrery place in wzhich they had been quatered. At the conclusion of the colonel's observadons three cheers for the officers of the rogiment were given ith a hearty good will by the men. Each man received 10s. bounty and 14 days' pay.
TIE CROPs IN ;;m3TmDc,D CoUNMMS-Harvestin; operations commenced last weekth-oughoutWorcesterseuri Herefordshire, and Glocestershire, but yesterday and Mlonday reaping hecame general in all three counties, with a promise of more than average crop. The hot weather wvhich prevailed up to the present week forced the cereal Crops an a remarkable manner, and, although some grumblers affect to think that the wheat was here and there scorched by the sun's rays, there can be no doubt that the weather Was exactly suited to the ripening of wheat, which at the latter perod of its growth can bear any amount of heat and sunlight. In Worcestershire Mr. F. Woodward, one of. the best practical farmers of the famous Vale of Evesham, and a coantry magistrate, reports that there is "a fair average crop of wheat, but certainly not a very abundant one; the very severe frosts in the course of last winter and spring having iUghtened the soil too 3much, the plant of wheat lost stock, and in many instance;, partcularly in the cold clays in the vales of Evesham and Glocester, it will be found to cut up thin, but in the well farmed gravels and loam the crop will he great." The same rule wi apply to barley and oats, being very good en the latter description of soils, but the cold and wet last May turned the barley yellow, and it has never recovered, and the crop must in clay soils be an indifferent one. Beans rind peaS especially the latter, are very good, a good share of peastbabeen secured.Oats generally promisewell We should say that there is a great scarcity of barley in the country, a good many farmers, encouraged by the high price of wheat at EOwing time, having substituted spring wheat for barley; this, with the fact of thesalmost total failure of the cider producing frait, has caused barley to reach an unusually high price, and some thinir it wil even he as valuable as wheat zfter harvest. The hay harvest bas at last been brought to a close. It has been the most abunds-ot that hasbeen gathered for many years, and has been ricked in first-rate condition. About Stratford-on-Avon thelwheatis-described asbeig in thebhighestdegreeluxasiant. The potto crop is the best for quality that has been grow since the £rst appearance of the devastating blight. f7e are now able to enjoy the true flavour of the potato, pbhich has been almost unknown for the last seven or eight years. The dry weather has caused the tuben to be email lrat the run whici has fallen in the last day or two will, it is ioped, improve the size of the lafe sorts. Turnips and Bwcr,r ]have been suffering from drooght, but the rain of £atrday last revived tlem, and tbp 'ill now do 'weL- EIn acrme places, however, the fly bad bovwn itself. .Th hops improved much with the late hot weather, and it is Com4[tzd t4t ano fa-rnyigrons may grow abouts thiid cf.f e, . .,
ITHE CASE O ARCHDEA-YO1 DXE2ISON. . The Court constituted to try the charge preferred against the Ven. Archdeacon Denison, for preaching and pub-, lishing doctrines touching the Sacramnent of the Lords. Supper, wholly irreconcileable with the Thirty-nine Articles3, -at yesterday in the guild.hall of the city of Bath, by a2jourmient from the 28thult., for the purcose of delivering its decision on the issues raised before it. The time fixed for opening the proceedings; ' was half-past 1 o'cloc'k, long 'cefore w.hich heur the hall, the accommodation afforded by whichis very limited,wvas crowdaed in every part. A large proportion of the soectators consisted of clergymnen, who naturaly tcok the liveliest interest in the expected decision. archdeacon Derison wvas accompaniecUto the court 'y theaRight Hon. Mr. Henleyv, M.P. His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Right Hon, S. Lushington, the Very Rev. the Dean of Wells, the Rev. Dr. Rartley (Margaret Professor of Divinity, Oxford), Dr. Travers Twiss (Vicar-General), the Rev. John Thomas (Chaplain to the Archbishop), Mr. F. H. Dyke (Registrar), and MIr. Felix Knvvett (Secretary and Apparitor-General to his Grace) haviDg taken their seats, Dr. LusnwGTo.N then proceeded to pronounce the decision of the Court. He said,-His Grace the Arch. bishop desires me to read the follo.ng declaration:That his Grace has taken into his consideration the articles filed in this proreeding on behalf of the R3ev. Joseph Ditcher, vicar of the parish of South Brent, in the county of Somerset and diccess of Bath and Wells, against the Ven. George Anthony Denison, Vicar of East Brent and Archdeacon of Taunton, in the county and diocess aforesaid, the evidence adduced in proof of the said 'articles, the argaments of counsel and the 'authorities cited, and - with the assistance of his assessors, he has come to the iolloving conclusions. Befoie stating these conclusions, I am desired by the Archbishop to explain how this proceeding came to originate with his Grace. This arose in comsequence of the prefer. ment held by the Ven. Archdeacon being vested in tho bishop of the diocess. By virtue of the'statute which I now hold in my hand-viz., the 3d and 4th Victoria, chap. '6, when the bishop of the diccess has conferred the preo ferment held by the accused the duty of the diocesan devolves on the archbishop. In the fulfilment of that duty his Grace caused the original Commi6sion to be issued-an obligation which, as his Grace has been advised-it was imperative on him to discharge, there being no legal discretion vested in him with respect to it. The 3d section of thestatuteof Victoriaenactsthatwhenanyclerkinholyorders of the united church of EnglandandlIreland is charged with anyoffence against thelaws ecclesiastical, orwhen.there exists touchinz any such clerk any scandal or evil report to the effect tlhat he has offended against the said laws, it shall bh lawful for the bishop of the diocezs within which the offence is alleged to have been committed, on the appEcation of any party complaining, or, if he think fit, on his own mere motion, to institute proceedings. It is perfectly clear, therefore, tha' if a bishop under this statute thinrks fit to do so he is entitled, in the exercise of his discretion, to direct proceedings to be commenced of his own mnere motion. But it-is not so in regard to an application made to the bishop. If it wereso, the ancient law of the church would have been subverted by this statute. Lord Stowell, in the case of the "Queen's Proctor General v. Stone" (1, Baggarts Consistory Reports), uses these words:-" It is not in the power of the bishop, by any intervention on his part, to refuse the process of the Court to any one who is desirous of availing himself of it in a propar case." That proposition does not stand on the authority of Lord Stowell only, but is corifirmed by that of SirJohn Nichol. What wouidhappenif the archbishopor the bishop had. a purely discretionary povwer to order proceedings to be begum or not, according to hida own judgment, or according, I may say, to his own fancy? WVhy, that in every case it would rest entirely upon the authority of a single bishop either to permit a prosecution. to be instituted on account of unsound doctrine or on account of inmoral conduct, or, if he chose, wholly.to prevent any inquiry from takingt place, and any charge, however "rave, from being considered, the consequence of which wcuYd be that the uniformity which now, happily, prevails among the clergy of this country might be destroyed and put an end to. Having made these remarks, before I come to the declaration of the conclusions to which his Grace has arrived, I have now only to state that this investigation although based, as far as relates to procedure upon the lergyDiseipline Act, is et institutedunder the provisions of the 13th of Blisdeth, chap. 12. The modesof proceeding, and the Court which now sits, are both founded orpon the act of Vtoria, bit the ssue to be tried munst be determoined nlder the statute of Queen El1izabeth. This is not a question such as was involved. in the Gorham cesse-namiely, as to what might be deemed admissible doctrine. It is a question iholly turning upon the second section of the statute which I will now read. liThe learned judge here quoted the words of the section, wihich declared that any clergyman who should advisedly affirm or maintain any doetrine directly contrary or repugnant to any of the articles of the chureh, and, on being "convented" before the bishop or the ordinary should net revoke his error, should be liable to deprivation.] The tuestion, continued the learned judgje, which his Grae hadto ttry was, whether the doctrine set forth and preached by the Ven.i hdeacon, in the sermons annexed to the articles filed in this proceeding were or were not directly contrary and repugnant to any of the Aticles of the ehurch. the authorty of PaTrliament has estabished that the Thirty-nine Articles must be taken to ba the true expression of Scripture on every subject to which they advert. 1Istate this in order that it may be made knoin to ell why aud wherefore the Ven. Arch. deacon wzas not permitted to opo into an e:xamin ation of the Scripturewth a view towj a rfy his docltrines. The reason was this :-There could not be a more inconvenient proceeding, or one mnore opposed to the, lawy than that, when the legislature of the country has authoritatively pronounced in the given form of the Thirty-nine Articles what are the doctrines of the church, of E3ngland, an individual sermon should ce ompared-not with that standard which is the only standard of the church, but-with a ml ber of disputed texts of Scripture. What might be the possible consequenca of the adoption of such a course? One or more judges might be fonld who would conceive that certain doctrines were conformable with Scripture, but should they hold th ththose doctrines (conormable in their opinion aith Scripture), were not equally conformable with the Thirgty-nne Articles, in what position would they then be placed? That anomaly is excluded by the las applicable to this case. It is excluded, froma all our courts of judicature. The only qukestion which his Grace has trieldo tryc having regard to the law, is, wvhether these sermons do or do not contain doctrines which are directly opcosed and repuant to the Articles of the church of Eungand 7 I shahl now state the conClusions at which his Grace has arrived. They are these :-That the th,10th,lltb,13th, and 14th of the articles filed in this proceeding on behalf of the said Rev. Joseph Diteher are proved, and that the charges therein made are established, so far as is hereinafter mentioned. Whereas, it is pleaded in the said 9ch article filed in thisproceeding, that the said Archdeacon, in a sermon preachedby him in t'ha cathedral church of Wells on or about Sunday, the 7nh of August, 18o4, did advisedly maintain and. aflir doctrines dieotly contrary and repugnant to the 2wth, 28th, 29th, and 30th of the Articles of aeblgion referred to in the statute of the 13th of oelizbeth, chap. 12, or some or one of them, and, among other things, did therein advisedly maintain and afflrm "noThat the body and blood of Christ, being prapesent after anIimmaterial and spiritual manner inat e consecrated bread and wine, are therein and thereby given to all, anl arepgeceived by all who come to the Lord's Supper o and "That to ail who come to the Lord's Table, to those who eat and drink worthily, and to these who eat and drink unworthily, the body and blood of Christ are given and that by all who come to the Lord's Table, by those who eat and drink worthily, and by those who eat and drink unworthily, the bcdy and blood of Christ are received."' His Grace, with the assistance and unanimous concurrence of his assessors, has determined that the doctrines in the said passages are directly contrary and repugnant to thc 2Sth and 29th of the said artiles of Relision nentioned in the aforesaid statute of Queen B lizabeth, and that the construction put uponrthe said Articles of Relignon by the Ven. the Archdeacon of Taunton-viz., that the body and blood of Christ become so joined to, and bscome so present in the bonsecrated elements by the act of conseration, that the anyworthy recaivers receive in the elements the body and blood of Christ, isnot the true or an admissible construction of the said Articles of Religion. Thatesuch dorine is directlv contrary and repunant to the 2Sth and 29th Artiles, and that the true and legal exposition of ths said Artices is, that the body and blood of Christ are taken and received by the worthy receivers only who, in taking and receiving the same by faith do spiritullly eat the flesh of Christ and dcrink His blood; while the wicked and unworthy, by eating the bread and drining thewine withot fathh, dodnotein anywise eat, take, or receive the body and blood of Christ, haing devoid of faith, whereby only the body and blood of Christ can be eaten, taken, and received. Whereas it is pleaded in the said 11th ofthe articlesfiled in this proceeding that divers printed copies of the said" sermon or discourse inthe 10th article mentioned as written and pGrinted, or caused to be printed, by the said Archdeacon Denson were, by his order and direction, hold and distributed in the year 1854 within the said diocess of Bath and Wells- and whereas the said sermon or discoursee contains tho following among other passages,-" That the body and blood of Christ being really present, after an -imnmaterial and spiritual manner, in the-consecrated bread asnd wine, are thierein and thereby given to all, and are received by all, who come to the Lord's Table;" and, "That to all who come to the Lord's Table-to those who eat and drink worthily, and to those who eat and* drink unworthily-the body and blood of Christ are given;and that by all who come to the Lord's Table-by those who cat and drink worthily, and by those who eat and drink unworthily, the body and blood of Christ are received," Hlis Grace. with the assistance of his assessors, has de. tennined that the passages aforesaid contain a repetition of the erroneous doctrine charged in the ninth article filed in this proceeding, and that such doctrine is directly contrary and repugnant to the 28th and 29th of the Articles of Re ligion mentioned:in the aforesaid statute of Queen Elizrbeth. Whereas it is pleaded in the said 14th of the articles filed in this proceeding that divers printed copieso4f a sermon or discourse in the 12th article mentioned as written and printed, 'or caused to be printed. by the said Archdeacon were by his order and direction sold and disti-ibuted in the gars 1853 and 1854 within the said diocess of Bath and 'ells and wherfl the said sermon or discourse contains the following among other pass,-tes :-" That to all who come to the Lord's- Table-tu those who eat and drink worthily, and to those who eat rmnd drink unworthily-the body and blood of Christ are given; and that, by aU who come to the Lord's table, by those who eat and, drink worthily and,-by those who eat and drink unworthily-the body and blood of Christ are received-' and, "It is not true that the-consecrated bread and wine am clanged in their natural substances, for they remain i theirvery natural'substancs and therefore may not.be. adored. It is. true that wor,hip is due to the resl thoubkinvisible and supernatural presence of the body and bloodof Christ in thelHoly Euchidst under the form of bread a wine," lis Grace, witih the aesistace of his assers, bas determined that, tuahdoctrines iri'the.said p ses ate diree'b?y contrary- and .repgant to the: 2h and wfa«e sai.. AxIMPles gf . on mentione ia , aforesaii statute of Que :lizaeth' His sGtr,c desires re farther to -ata& that he willow time to theVYen. Archdeacon, to relvoke his error until Wednesday, the -1st. of, October next, 'when, if nao such revocation as is required by the.statute of ELzabet, aforesaid sha:l be made and delivered by that time into the llegistry.of Bath and WeUs, he will, in obedience to the said statute,. pronoiice sentence in this Court w'hicT wi be. adjourned to Tuesdayhe 21st day of October next, and be held in this place at balf-pa-st 1 o'clock. Dr. . PHLanunoRE (counsel for the Venerable Archideac~on)' asked whether or not Ie was to uanderstand that the sentence of the Court bad been given in this cdaze ? Dr. Lus=GTON.-,No sentence has yet been given, and no deemc wil be made before the 21st of Oct-ober. Dr. PmLrascona.- Then itis not' oapetcnt 'now to ente an. a6ppeal against the judgment of this Court' Dr. LSninzGTor.-Cerfinly not. A judgment may be givenhereafter,anda sentence snbseqruently pronouineed bn: at present there is no decree-nothing, in fact, but an intimuation of the conclsions to which the Archbishop. has come. .The.COVRTrWasj tenaadourned lto the 21st of October.
THE LATE FATAL IOLLTERY EXPLOSION IN SOUTH ALES. !ONTYPRIDD, tAG. 12. TPhe inquiry into the causes of the late disastrous accident -at Cymmer colliery was proceeded with this morning be- fore the coroner, lhr. OTerton, and ocupied the whole of the day. The same legal gentlemen attended on the part of the Government.and the parties interested, and, as the more important portion of the cvidencehas now commenced, the interest manifested in the proceedings was proportionably greater.- I Daring the interval which has elapsed between the adjournment of the 29th uIt. and the present time a general subscription has been raised in the various towns in the neighbourhood, which, under the judicious management- of a committee, has greatly contributed to the temporary reliefof the survivors. The amount already subscried the Pontypridd district alone is 2,0001., but lists have also been opened in Bristol, Cardiff, Newport, Aberdare, Merthyr Bridgend, and other towns. The anount collected in each has not, however, yet been retmned to Mr. Spickett the secretary. Among the names of the subscribers in the Pontypridd district are those of Mr. G. H. Insole, the proprietor of the colliery at which the accident occurred, 5001.; Mr. Vaughan, Rheola, 1001.; Messrs. T. Powell and Sons, leewport, 1001.; Mr. C. Ri. 3LTalbot, 1CO.; General Committee of the Coal Trade, lCO- Lady Dynevoz,* - 50.; Rhynaney Iron Company, 50L-; i'. W. Booker, Blakemore, and Coe, 50t - y srdC. Bailey. tro Pt 5ain.; atio D.o Tilliams, cainynnon, 50l.* Gypsillon Colliery, 21L.; Fowler, Brothers, 211.; Mixr T. BMrown) of EBbb-vale, 25l.; the Rev. G. Thomas, Ystradmanach, 251.; MEr. T. Themas, Pencerig, 2SL., with numerous other donations of smaller amount. On the reassembling of the jury yesterday afternoon the exzamination of Mr. WYilliams, colliery surveyor, was continued. The witness stated, that the brattice which formed the upcast shaftwas composed chieily of brick, and the area of the space at the bottom of the shaft was 11 feet 10i incihes, The number of doorways on the south side of the pit was greater than he had stated on the last occasion. A narrower inspection had shown him that, exclusive of two- doors leading to the flues, there were 72 instead of 67. The witness was cross-examined at considerable length bv Mfr. Owen as to the number of the doors, when he admitted that he had not seen them all himself. The circulation of the air in the mine depended in a great measure upon tha number and position of the doors Mr. Jabez Thomas, the manager of the mine, was then called and examined by the coroner. He deposed as follows --I hold my appointment of principal manager of Cymmer Colliery from Mr. Insole, the proprietor. My duties are above ground altogether, Rowland Rowland, the overman, having the management of all the men, and the working underground. He has been employed in that position about a year and a-half, and has full control both with respect to driving the levels and getting the coals, but he does not make any alteraiion in a heading or any other part of the works, when such alterations become necessary frommeeting anyfaults orotherwise,without first consultinrg me and ascertaining my opinion. If it wsere necessary to make a new heading or airway he would apply to me. I have not myself gone down the works for two years and a- half except on one particular occasion, about 18 months ago. I don't consider that I have experience enough to undertake the management of the underground portion of a colliery. About 18 months ago Mr. Hay was engaged to do that work; he did not report to Mr. Insole, but to me. It is part of the duty of the underground agent, who should be a mining engineer, to visit the workings twice a-week, so as to see that everything is going on pro rly. About three weeks before Mr. Hay left I engaged Tr. David Grey, and had both Mr. Hay and MIr. Grey in my office together next day, and I desired Mr. Hay to show -Mr. Grey everything, both in and out of the pit, and generaly to instruct him in his duties, telling Mr. Hay that Grey was the person whom I had engaged to fil his place, and that he was to put him to do everything he wished during the three weeks that he (Mr. Hay) remained. I believe that hMr. Hay took Mr. Grey through the coLiery twice. Mr. Hay left in three weeks, and Mr. Grey remained in his place till within two orthzee days of the explosion. Mr. Grey's health was very. delicate. and he was not able to go down the pit so often as 3Mr. Hay used to go; he went underpround eenerally once a fortnight, on the measuring day. Mis dufr then was tomeasure the width of all the headings with Rowland, and to go into most of the stalls to take the thickness of the coal, and to see that the top and bottom were cut sufficiently close to the stalls. If he saw anything irregular and improper, he ought to have reported it to me. The underground 1gent's duties were not expressed in writing, but I mentioned them to Mr. Greyverbally. Part of those duties was comprised in the payment of the wages, and keeping the books. As he -was unable to attend reguarly, Idid not consider that any rebponsibility rested on him. He left the works altogether three davs before the explosion. About a fortnight before thatlrequested him to descend the pit, and make a report to me of the general state of the colliery. He did not make that report, and I believe that that was the only reqnest which I made that he did not attend to. He gave up his appointment of his own accord, his notice not expiring until the 24th of July, but he was allowed to leave at his own request. I looked upon Rowland Rowlands as being responsible for al the underground works. In cases of difficulty or danger it was his duty to communicate with me. Before being appointed overman he was a collier, and had been so five or six years. He never heldthe place of firemam The overman can read and write, though better in the Welsh than the English language. I have the appointment both of the overman and fireman-in point of fact nomanisfixedinany articular situation in the colliery without my being rrst consulted. Thereare three firemen, named MorganRowlands,David.Tones,and.Wi31iamThomas. Rowlands has been employed for two years, Jones about 14 months, and Thomas seven months. The first-named fireman was a brother of the overman, and Thomas is his brother-in-law; they had, however, all been previously employed in the mine as colliers. I cannot define their duties precisely. The rules of the colliery were printed in Welsh and English, and were given to the overman to distribute amorg the coliers on the 21st of June last. By Mr. Evans.-Every man had a copy, b ' -les were not hung up in the office at the timrs of t. a. , Examination resumed.-We comae-'c5 x kin the coal in the old pit in 1848, and hi thu - vew in lbe35. The overman and fienmen of -whom I htave k>-en speaking were engaged in the old pit. The two pits am lalf-e-mile aprrt but the workings in some places approach very near to each other, the same vein of coal being worked in, both collieries. The old pit is-ventilated by an air furnace, which-was managed by two firemen, named George Evans and Richard Butler. A haulier, rnamed Joseph Thomas, w-as in charge of the fire on the night previous to the accident. I was at the new pit when it occurred. The first I heard of it was from some men who ran to me from the spot. I did not go down the pit, because, as I knew nothing of gas, I thought it would bo useless. I sent for 3fr. Daniel Thomas and is son, and assistance soon poured in from various quarters, From 150 to 200 tons of coal are got out from the old pit daily. 150 men were employed at the mine, and there were 13 horses down the pit at the time of the explosion, and 130 men. Eight horses were killed. By the 14th role it is required that whenever ther-e is danger apprehended cross timbers and a board should be set up at the entrance of the particular nart of the working. Tin tickets were prepared about six months previous to the explosion, to be placed in a conspicuous situation in orcler to indicate that the firemen had been there to inspect the stall, but I am not aware whether or not that rule was strictly carried out. I understood very lately that the tickets were m use. The inquiry was adjourned at a-quarter pact 0 o'clock.- This morning the inquest was resumed at half-past 10o'clock. William Jones, one of the injured colliers, was the first witness. The unfortunate man, -who was still swathed in .bandages, and had bosh his arms in a aling, having been severely burnt, stated that on the morning of the explosion he descended the pit a little after 7 o'clock, ancl proceeded, in company with anothoer colier, named Thomas Davis, to David Arthutes dip to fetch somle tram-plates to take to thaplaeam where theyvworked, at the far end. Those tram-plaltes had been tak-en up, and were lying on the side of the heading road. They -were ld. plates that had been taken up after having been used. Moone toldhim to go there for.them. They carried the plates that had been raised to the coal headling, and were, walting. for a tram to go by to -put them in, and convey them to Griffith Williamn's-heading, where they worked. There was another man, naed Jonavthan Willims, 'who had, been there to fetch plates and ha d gone back to his work in the South Wales-heading. Davis and witness were sitting down by the dip-door on the uper side of the level; the door was shut, he was sure of that. The reason why he went there for the plates -was this,-when, he went into the -mine he saw Jonathan, who told him he was going there for plates, and then he remembered that he shoudd want some for his work, and went there too. He had never been there before. The colliers were allowed to go into the old workings to get plates, and in fact went for them wherever they could find them; sometimes they were got from the top of the Dit at other times from-the side of the level and?from t e old workings. Rowland Rowlands, thie overman, was the underground master and, witness believed, was aware th,t the colliers went into the old worldngs to get pla b he tha never had any conversation with him uPo tthe sujet;c hea adnertodhmno t to get themn fromtte hlewrins Mx. WMahon called the attention of the Coroner to the 22dl rule. - The rule in questioni states thatt " no mian or boy shall go into any otherpeart of the mine to the works upon any pretext whatever." thfn ere he Examination resumed.-While witne w s the explosion occurred. Hbheard the nSoise, and knowthng what had happened, fell down on his face inuorer thtth .5re udgasmight pasover him: but before he could"^ teciv a^ny aasistanoo he bcame intsensible. Th e dust anir ecael of-Atur's-dip. lIc-was soe tat l, e- from the far end. - Witsiess had worked three mnonths in: Griffith Williacm's-eading- at the extrenity of the .rorkings. He considered th.e air there Y4middRingI good" and had never been Stoppoe f6r want of air, He 'W vrkOd Vith a n lakedeandle. He believed tl1m wsrl not usedi at all in thacI, collery; He had also workedein 5S1,lathielaxid'Charcles'sheadingas.. In the fomer theair was aboutthecame asm Gri-£,tha iiamses, but he had seen gas i 'both of those headings ontihetop of the ccal, oron arider (a thin vein of coal), ocosasonally. If Charl6es-'heiding the airwasinot so good,bathehad not seen gAsi there. It somre - times fired -his candle n ithe two former hbedinga * hBe Was net- however, afrid. -He - mentioned I the fat- tothe fireman. At one tVime- there was a tin t-icket placed in the- stalls, to show the colliers that the fireman had been there; but witness lost his ahmostf directly, and then he used to know w!hether the firemen had been there by a shovel or a pickaxe tbeing: placed in a pecuiar position on the. face of the heading or at the entrance of the stalL Some time agolight_d candles were used,-beinz placed there -by the firesnin to show that all was safe. When the system of tickets was introduoed, the colliers had to bring theom out and hang them on a nail in a different place at the entrance, when the fireiman would remove them again in the mornring. He, however, put his in his pocket and lost it the first day; they wrere very little tickets-about an inch wide and two long. 'He never had another ticlet supplied to bimn. Since then the firemen had adopted the other system mentioned by him. He had occasionally seent danger signals 4st the entrance of Salethiel'sheading. -The signal consstrd of. cross pieces of wood put up at the entrance of the stalls, to show that there was fire there. Occaiisionally the mene worked both night and day, and ono such occasions the firemenlsometirmes camne to inspeot the workrs and sometimies did not. e By Mr. Evans.-He had never readthe rile before which prohibited the men from going into any other parts of the mine thahn those inbwhich they workid. The rolesaere never read over to him.. - Ir. roulden.-By the first rule it is provided that the manager should take care that the workmen are made acquinted with the rules, by causng them to be read over when desirablo. By lr. Evans.-I knew that if Ileft the do-of Arthursdip open a lealkage of the air would ensue, and, therefore, every time I went to get the plates I took care to shut it. By the Coroner.-Fhauently when I -was worldng in Charles's-heading there woiuld be a cap (a globule of ignited gas) at the top of my andle about half an inch high. That as inthe upper stall on the right hand, through the waste piled up in the heading. -Ii mentioned that to Morgan RowIand, the firemai, who came there wvith another man, and made a brattice with the rubbish so a>s to concentrate the air. After that it was a little better. By r. E:vans.-I sawit t-here the first day I went to work in the stall; the ficemen hadnot let any mark to indicate th-at gas was there. By !Mr. Oven..-.I was eiigaged by Ilowlandtovwland, sand not by lMr. Jabez Thomaus. I worked in the same pit in 1853, and continued there till the great strike in Ja:nuary, 1854. -I went out at the same time as the rest of the colhers. The reason why we struck was, because they wanted to change the firemen, the old firemen, who had been there for some years, being discharged. The old firemen were there efore I was there. Some minor differences had been settled between the master aid the men. 'On the 1st of Januar, 1854, the men were prepared to go to worl, but found, when they got there, that new firemen had been appointed, in conse uence of which we all refused to go down to work. ae bed great confidence in the old firemen and the reason I did not go to work was, because I was afraid the new firemen were inexperienced, The life of every collier in the pit depends upon the experience of the firemen. I wa' present-when the men, waited on Mr. Jabez Thomas to tell him that we were afraid to go down to the pit because the firemen were not proper. We spoke in Welsh, and complained that the new firemen were not competent. Jabez Thomas replied that he -would have a man to go vith them to try them . The colliers asked him, "IWhy did yolu discharge the old ones i" when he said, "That is nothiNg to you-* I discharged them because I chose to do so J'-npou whichi the colliers said they were afraid to go down with them. That was the truth. I w.as afraid, becaulse I knew nothing abont them. The men would not go to work, and stood out for 16 weeks on that occasion. The proceedings were here adjourned at half-past 1 @clock.
TOTAL DESTRUCTION OFMESSRS. BROADWOOD'S PIANYOFOBTE MMIVUFACTORY. A fire of extraordinary magnitude, involving immense destruction of valuable property, illuminated the western districts of the metropolis for several hours last evening. Upon a plot of ground exceeding a couple of acres in ox tent, and runmning from the Horseferry-road to Holywellstreet, Westminster, have stooi for the last 30 years the principal manufacturing workshops of Messrs. Braidwood, the famous constructors of every description of first-class pianofortes. The premises consisted of five distinct ranges of buildings, threo storieshigh, running parallelwith eachother, and embracing shops for every department of the manufacture. At 6 o'clock last evenin1 490 worknen 'Left the various shops in the establishmnent, and, as was invariably the case, one of the foremen inspected the -whole premises after their departure, for the purpose of ascerta:ining that everything was safe, and the sstovefires properly extinguished. In little more than half-an-hour after the workmen had left -smoke was observed issuing from the upper floor of the central range of buildings, immedliately beneath the clock tower. An alarm was instantly given at the residence of Mr. Russel, one of the-principal managers, wholives adjoining the premisesin>Holywell-street. Heimmediatelybastened to the building in question, and at once sawi that the fire had made considerable progress, and was rapidly increasing its ravages. Sacn assistance ascould hastily be got together was assembled, and an engine which has alwzays been kept rnpon the premises was soon at work. The Brigade engine from the stationin the Horseferry-road, only 100 yards from the factory, followed)very quickly, and then came 'eke parish engines of St. John's and St. Margaret's. As is too frequently the case, there was at first a scarcity of water, and the most strenuous exertions of all present failed to make the s7nihtest imnpression upon tho 'dames, wthich spread rapidyfrom noor to floor, and before 7 o'clock had wrap p d in one burningt mzass the w.hole range in which the fire had originated. Thepeculiarconstruction of the workshopsbuilt to obtai the best possible light, and consisting of distinct floors several hundred feet long, without a break of any kind-rendered them an easy preyto the fames, and in less than an hour the fire had obtained so ' *le a mastery that very little hope wedsted from tl . - of saving any portion of the establishment. Th dte seat of the central building very soon ignited the adjoining ranges on either'side, though fromn 20 to ,? foci of space separated the oe ofromn the other; and be£ore 3 o'ciock a tt -c -'rma Uof i lmost unexampled extent rose bhig into - ttirig out in bold r.elief the fine architectural or.t} s otle : Palace and the venerable Asbbey, and & L 'PCSi ng to the bridges and other elevated points of view uvridse of curiongs spectators. Iiarlynafter the outbreak umr. alker, chief sunerotendent of the metropolitan police, arrived on the sp^t vith a strong boody of officers of the A and B divisions, whom he stationed at the variouss outlets of theneighbotuhoodfor the pulroose of keeping off an idle crowrd, taking care to allow the entry of a sufficient number of able-bodied man to work the ens"ines. Mr. Wardker, in the absence of MZr. Braidwood, who was yesterday out of town, endeavoured to carry out a plan for the salvage of some of themore valuable property, but the fire was too swift to allovr of the extrication of anything more -than a few thoasand feet of mtalhogany, which were thrown down off the roofs of the w:orkshops and dragged out into the Horseferry-road. Into the interior of the sh~ops very shortlsy after the outbreak it wFas impossible to enter, and it was lamentable to observe the vorkmen looking on-their eyes suffssed with tears-at the destruction of their valuable tools and materials, without the smallest chance of rescuing them. Out of the five ranges of shops fouir had ignsited, when MAr. Staples, foreman of the Brigade, in Mr. B3raidwood's absence, determined by a desperate effort to cut off the communication with the fifth range, and by the employment of a large number of men with pickaxes and other implements -the wind favouring thiss operation-the flamrfes were prevented ex:tending to the nortiernos shops, which, beyond minury from severe scorching and water, have not suff-ered. T'he rest of the vast manufactory is a total wvreck, and the loss thus occasioned1 to Messrs. Broadwvood is understood to be something almost fabulous. Nearly L,0 pianofortes, in various stages of m%nnufacture, have beena utterly lost, and the value of the woods and othermaterials destroyed amounts to an immense sum. 5s. per square foot for veneers used by Messrs. Broadwood in not at all an extravagant price, and from this some notion may be formed of the loss that will be occasioned by the fire. The tools of a single first-class workman, also, may be estimated at 701. The precautions taken against fire by Messrs. Broadwood were such na.torender it almost impossiblethat an outbreak could takeplace. The speciaUy hazardous character of the business is such that at this season of the year it is not supposed that any person has a light on the premises, and the stoves for wraming gluepots, &c., are cased i iron, and under the special control of the officials of the offices with whom Messrs. Broadwood have insured for 27 years- without having hada chimney on iire. It has been stated!that one of the foremen always goes round to see that all it safe after the workmen - have left. The person who made this inspection last night was not seen by the reporter, but there isno reason tosupposehefailedin his duty. The premises are exactly opposite the gasometers of the Chartered Gas Company, and so alarming was the appearance of the fire at one period that the authorities felt it prudent to discharge the ga by a mainin connexion 'with their other gasometer in SpitalfieLds. The fire wvas got under about 10 o'clock, but the engines continued to pour inmmense volumes of water upon the ruins throughout the wAhole night. _ _
THE FIRE AT WESTMINSTER. * TO }HEEEDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Beforereceiving this you will doubtless have received intelligence of the above disastrous circmunstance and, bein somewhat connected with the sume, I beg to address a few words respecting the circumsOtanc, as more immnediately connected with myselfi in thelcapacitv of pro. prietor of the Westminster Marble Worls. It wil e remembered by msny of your numerous readers that; our pre-mises are ajoining these of the Ressrs.Broadwod, and consequeutly, fronm the close proximity and the very destructive nature of the confIsgration, it may be supposed that our pre-mises are likewise destroyed. With a nvew, therafore, of removving *this supposition, I beg 1to inforin. ihe public that tha contrry is the case, and to state that from the praiseworthy exertions of the severl Fire Bri' gades, cobnbined' with the zealous- co.operation c,f the inhabitants'of Westminster, I am enabled to inform. you thatthe wvorls of the Wietminstr: Mrnle Company Vill proeed es usual, anadtbatnothing bas occurred to inmpede the -progress of tke work in the alightestdegree Againt k-I ing al those -who idndylyent their aid,, I'lbe to remiin; Sir, ' -Your obedient and ohlixed--eiaxnt.: -TfOVAS HE HARTUEY.
I - . SPOR2NQ LYZ!ELLIN - E. 9 ROAL 4YACHIT SQUAIRoN RAig- I. - :~~~Q * :(J.WAS -UV-Y EGtDZ.'A1gd. 12, - lIn,esterday's comrqumurtions-omedetai3'^ tol _ rt jT of thev?esselfrom tlii Nab ight were:Mecesiy poetpaned, and will be now acpElied. , It may, -howeser, -be is. well to state tht the'Nlir wind-was fiast round, the Niab i aght by five':ltnii,xbe6the. ATwbe .bng_ second, and the ulwroxth third .but, on.the way up towards CowFes, the I Whirlwind began to lve way, and the Arrow kept gaining upon her very fast, and, to repeat an observation made at the time, it was anybody's race. - The " Old Arrow." as be* is familiarly ano(wn at this place, appeared determined to maintain- her> former Liane, and on arrivin off theSaudheads she adowll "picked upaher =rumbs" that be had leissened, the distange between her and the eading yacht by one-half fom the time of rounding the Nab. - Atthis point t3 three first yachts were timed as under *.--: > - =-n- .- - :-Whi: nd.. .. .. .. .^. 1 300. A,nOrew.i .- r 32 0 They proceeded in mich thesame relative positions up to.- RIyde, but had not long passed the pier when a most unfortunate ocourrence took place to the Whirlwind, by the giving: way, of- her jil, halyards, which vitulally decided the race against her. The Arrow, whio was close UpOn, her. quater, took advantage of this mishap of her rival and took the lead, which she never lost ulp to the conclosiner f the race. She continued up to. Cowes, and the yachts off the. Club-house weretuned. as under:- -Airld. .. .. .. .. .. ...241 3o Whrh .. .. 244 o -- ~~~~.2453W Glance .. . 2 52 30 Amazon.. . 2 52 3B Wfldfie... . 2 52 40 ~ataganza .~. . . .- .. .. --2 5 0 Mosquito . 2 57 30 Cycone ...5 26 30 The couse was now up the Solent to Yarmouth, but the Arrowwas never overhauled, and the mark-boat at that wes point was rounded by the yachts in the following order E - Arow ... .. . ., . .. 1 Whbirlwind .. .". . . - Glance . . . . . . . ..3 M--agaza-.. . - .. . -5 Amazon. . .. 6 3Mosito . .. 7 The course was now against tide, and the wind almost dropped to a calm, but the Arrow still maintained the lead, and zeached the mark-boat at fCowes amrid the cheers of several of the crews 6f thD yachts lying in the roads, but these cheers were not responded to by the crew of the Arrow, theylieeping in mind the adage that "the race was not always to the swift,"as she was liable to pay a -very severe penalty to the smaller yachts in an allowance otime forthe aifference of tonnage. That this reserve of 'exultation at coming infirst was prudent the sequel proved, and in her case the text was realiaed to the letter.- The following .is the time of arrival at Cowes Castle as offici2Ly recorded by Captain Browne, the secretary -: IL n3L s. Arow ..5610 Whflwind.. 6 13 7 Glance .. .. .. 623 45 Lulwrth .6 33 43 Extravaganza. 6 0 Amazn .6-30 5 The Mosquito and the ot hers did noot come ir for some considerable time afterwards, and -were not timed. In consequence of the great lead the Arrow had obtained i eras folly expected that she would this year have added another to the numerousprizes already gained by her- but as she w,as measured for racing ]1 tens, and the GLlae only3S, the latter was declared to be the winner; having, according to the regultions of Acsietsi scalteuo allow 27 minutes. Such an aLowance oE time is considered by many I persons a a much greawter tax than any yacht ought to be called upon to pay, especially tsuing intn aecont the vef y| l,ight brfeze that -revai'ed for a portion of the time This regatisinfroduced twone wvessels which sailed'forthe firs memfora7nyprize; the Whirlwind and the Iiworth. The Whirlwind is a bentifle'-resel, hllt by t ir. Anson of| Cowed, and from her performance yesterday she promises to bid defiance to a as and but for the 7lucky accident above described there can he ut little doubt that she would have obgtaned the foremost pos tiony althongh, as inbi the case of the Osror-, she minht not hate received the prize. The lulborth in a smellervesselthantheAla bmlt under the perscal superintendence and froWathe designs of Mr. JosephrWeld, and all points ealculated to give her pre-eminence in speed were closely studied. She maintomed a very respectable placl in this race, but the wueather was hardly such as wd a required to test her powers. Yesterday afternoon, dursug the sports for -the Cowere Town Regatta, the t oefin, with the moyal children on board came down from Osborn.e, and anchored inthe Roads, nearl opposite to the Club-houlse. The Princess Helena and the Princess Alice seemecl hiighly delighted at the rowin-g matches, and particularly w;ith a sport well known in these wvaters by thename of a"~duck-hnnt." Thiegamo eonsists of mandbe:n gput intog a s lboatwith-ahpair ofaol heisin factthe duck,adheisto he chased by cs'many boatsaschose to conrtend, w,ith three men in each, for halfWanthour, and if beore thatd tina hey ean succeed in overteakingthe"duck," andpllinghim out of his smal boat into the water, the beat that can accomplsh that is the winner; btal if the "duvke can betevpert enough to elude his pusers for the time specified then ho becomes the wianer. y 2ozsuchluceawaitedthe "idock" yeaterday, for in addition to being caught -he also received a thorough ducping, admthe younglrienesses laughed outreigt at othe fun. whe nlfon did not leave the roads bntil nearlg 7 o'cloch, on her retuzn te Osborne. -- With the race above recorded terminated the proceedings ofthe regat of the RoyalYacht Squahron for 185l, and, tahen altogether, it will oear compar'son, both in respect to the quaity of the vesses and the value of the prizes, with any *2at haa been itnessed in the island for years past. It presents a most agreeable contrast to the regatta of last year, when not even a second yacht oon2d be found to COntest for one of the Royal prizes. This year four vessels of the flrrclass startedfor* Heor Majesty's Cup, and a like numzber for that given byr his lloyal ighne,s7PrinceA^lbert, and no complaint could be made that the Royaf Yacht Squnadron did not; do their best to contend for them in awvay becomin?g the .Royal patrons of the first club in the kingdom. We should consider that it woulnd be a neglect of duty if a suitable ac1mowledg~uieti was not mtade of the courtesy shown by Captain Brownae, RIg., the secretary, in furnishing for the use of the press such information as was most valuahle, and particularly so in the midst of his multifarions duties. Great p raise is also due to the excellent arrangements of the Leaden and South-WVestern Railway Company, for the punctuality with which all communica tions intrusted to their care were forwrarded.-
f'RT(f,'irw'P ;ENT AND SUSSEX AGA3LNi AT.T iMr.LA%-n ('IA?T BmtY, TUrSnArEVaZ Mo. This matelwasr esumedthis morning in &te pe3enoe of a numerous assemblage of the CountY gentry and vistors from other districts. There sa a large attendance of OffiCezs on the ground in the course of the day, includingnanyrecentlyarrived from active operations in the Crimea. The storm oflastnight, which sa3znost teriflo (the vivid glare of the lightning iUllmining the whole city, 'while the loud p of thunder appeared to shabe every houes), had -eared the atinosph.r, andtheheatwastherefore les opprereive than is the eurlypat of yesterday. Bty the score appended it will be seen that Hent and Swes are the conqueror3, vithA wickets tgo down. Englnd's batting was very excellent, but the bowling and 5ielding of the counties were too effective forthe eleventomk-e neanyruns The superior battiDg of Wlalen, Dean, Iillys-hite, eawdillaher was much admired, as vas alsD the bowling of WlFieher and Wieden. On the part of the counties lillFbhite nmdo the h4ghest score, 50, by a five, 4 iours, 4 threes, 3 two, and the rest singles Willber ecored 25 very prettily and quiclk Dake scored 31 for England by a five, 2 fours. 3 thres, nd 2 doubles, the teat siuglee. He was, however, rathertoo nxiousto add to the score, and unfortunately contribated to Cesar, and his ovw running out. Thus stood the score when the 'stumps were drawn:- ALL ErrGiAwn. Flret Innings. Second Innings. Hon. S. Ponsonby, b. Wisdel 0 b.VMWden 2 Ms. W. Nicholson, c. W1ises,n b. Williser .. .. ..6 c. Box. h Iller . 14 Grandy, b.Visden .. .. 21 b.Willsher . . .. 23 Caffyn, c.- Dean. . Widen 11 b. Willsher 2 . G. Parr, c. Box, b.Willber. 1 b.Willsher. 6 Cisar, c. Goodhev, b .Widen 0 ran out .23 Tinley, c. Dean, h Wilsher 12 b Wkdn 2 Mr. E. T. Drake, b. Winsher 8 run out, 31 Lockyer, c. Goodhewr, b, WIll- ' slier br; . W il b. lsher . . 7 Ihiartngell, not .. c. Widen, b.,Willcher. 1 T. Sherman, b. Wieden 0 motout - .. 2 IL, 2; L b.,1 . 3 ,5 1.h .1 --.. - e Total . . Tlotal . .. .. 119 First Tanings Secondinin M Ibyer. not out ... .. .13 b. Martingal. 2 Mr. R Trederoft. c. Parr, b. -Caffyn .. .. .... 1 . C..I . .. - .. J. Dean, .b. 1artinmell .. 19 c. Lockyer, b.3Martingell . O Adamss at. Loecyer, b. Mar- tingell... . .. .. 4 r Grnmdy, b. Cfyn . .. 10 JohnLllywhite, cb. Tinley e0 not out .. .. .. .. S VLiden, b. Grandy . .. 16 not out. 3 Mr. W. H. Andrews, bm aer- - ' tingell .. . .. ..O Goodhew, b. Martingell .. ' 8 Wilnsher, b. Tinley ... .. 25 Clifford, e, Pousonby, b. Mar- .in.el .. .. .. S3 Bo h rtingell .. .. 4 B,11; l.b.,3;vr.,l;n.b.,2 17T1 I-b., . 1 Toal 1:65 Total .. .. .. 26 NORTH AGAINT SOflTM This match commencxed on the Brooigton-groUnd, 3fichfter, (n Thureday, and was contiuned on riday, but w stopped on account of rain. It was ultimately left i drawn match, the score standingas under:- ot - - Hunt, e. andb. Dean .. ..102 Mr. IL T. Bellhouse, c.oer1b.Martinge!l .. I Grndy bat ngel .. . S Mr. 3. kajineon, h. tingell .. .2 Tinley,b.Dean . . 9 - A. Clarke b. Mtingell .. . . - Wright,b Brown ..s .. .. 43 T. Davi b Brown . ..a.6 i Braipton, at, 1A&Me b. vroWn . .. 1 Perry, not out - . .... ..U . n J.Jaekson,k.Wisden S . . legbyes 3 - - SlD o.ai ; .... *- - - ..219 mar c. asd b.CGrfady' .. s .* Cholson, b. Ja-.. j , ,-or c4tafinotout . Zyea, ,- wid oa, 1 I : .!. G,I;TLEKE or - AM': f MNsa311 .sv ; ,, TfU4M-. or - . -.-- ZNCjLID _... . tinm ate abot will ec ,s
WE -'- 1: -lq7r. ^ LFromi the1tgiarrGii eiarJL' yWlRelor - -The high xange of t6mpetur.hieh has prevai d ing the 1st fortnight has hiA a wmewiat uaaourable t.se'naj the public .eaIht The number of deasbregiewma# londeol in the week ending Saturday, August 9, was 1 , ,which exceed--that of the wee& immeaistely precedingby 207, though it fUlshot bi 96 deatki of the correted average of the correspondig week of the Last 10yeuMs,` Snmmer cholera, infantile cholera, and choleraic diaiAbza proed fatal to 2S persons; of Ibli nunber 21 were up,der the age of 10 years. Di&rrhceaprevailed t som0e i tenti nd the deaths from this diseise, which were I25in tho previous week, adyacod to 21L Of this nber i8 were infants under 2 yeas of age, 10 were2 ;ears old aau under 15 years, andl4 were 20 years ef av uana wa In the -.ymotic cla of diseises the other deaths -wre 7 ascribed to smatIlpox; 34 tonMeaigs; 35 to catina. 36 to. whooping-oongh; and 54 to typhus.. Me agegit& number of deaths in this class WAs 405-namely, 296 o:1 the north side of the Thames, and 109 in the ditcts on the south side of the river. . - Of the 1,239 deaths 611 were those of *mnes and 621 of females. The 4eaths of children under the age of .ne yean amounted to 417, or about 34 per cent, of the totl mortality. 54 persons (au unusgal nuber) of 80 jeariofage andL upwards died during-the week; of this n6umber 4 femalo attained the advaoed ages: of 90, 91, 93, and 94k yeams, anda carpenter who died at lfile-end New Town 114 reachedhis !33th bithday. . Iast week the births of 782 boys and 803 gils,-i - alk 1,585 cbildreu,-were regitered in 1london. In the io corre. j sponding eecks of the years 184655 the average numibii w las 1,423.--. . . .. - At the Ro3al Observatory, Greenwich, the nean h4igh of the barometer in the wfeekwas 29860 inches; during th Enrst five days the sAy ws generazly cloudless, and the ther.- |mometer-in the sunruaged from lO5 deg. to 111 deg. Slight Lshowers fell-on Friday evening, and on Saturday rain felL heavily during the morning. _Electricity w positi*e, with. strong and moderate tension. The air for the greter part, -of the-week was calm aLud &7, with a umean temperature of 66-1 deg., which waa 15 deg. below the weekpreceding, but 41 deg. above tho average of -wee ks for the lst 33 years, ancl if compared with the corresponding treek of list year, Jih present slummer hea. showsan excess of 5 deg. On Sunday, August 3, the -esntemperature.was no less than 10 3 deg; above the average. -:
XAL ES BY ATTCTIO1. Valuable lonz Leawebnld Property. itESSBS. WINSTANTLEY beg to apprese the public 3that. zhe HOUSES, NO&. 80 to £3, in the ifalnsey-road with Cottages and Premisesin therearthereof. producin a profit rent,,f £1U31 pe annum, also Copenhagen-wharf. Lmehouse, advertsed for Eale on Friday, 15th inst., bave been DISP0tTSD OF by Private Contract; theoremaining Property wil be SoldbyAnctlon.,-Paternos. ter-row, Aegust l2,15. 1'epGespumet of Sale Of the stock in Trade of a WTine arid Spirit Merchant. hAESSRS. DICKSON~ andaDAVEN'PORT be_- to armounro that the SALE ofthe WUENE'and SPII.ITS advertised to take pLac at 2, Crown-oourt, 2hipot-lane, on Wednesday. the Sthlhnrt,ia P0ST?OENEDforthep)resut;buotlhe Office FarDlture, IronRepositocy, and Effects atS, Rood-lane, wiUll eSold atldl 'orl-- 3%,Bucs:iersbuzy, Aug. 11,18. hiate-perk, near Romford.-Veiy Iamp 3Eim rees, -we1 grown Oak, .WSRS.HUMPHREYS ad TVALLEN w1 SELL by AUCTION in the lPark, as above, on Thursday, Aug. 25, at li., the following TIffME, felled last w,inter, and lying comvenietuly for road and railway carriage : 17 Witch elm3 of vroy large dimntons sund ad eltblefo kel iecsai. ether shipbuilding lain ehouse.-Clearance Sale of Ti nber and ffard wood, a Pile-driving Alachime, a moTeable Counting-house, Timber Whims, and lsnjdle- "BSSPRS. HUTIPHREYS and WALLEN w%ill WSELL by AUCTIONf, on the Premises, Nor way Wharf, Cons32,eraal-road, en Thursday, August 28, at 12 Itho premises being let), the lSEALUN-MG STODCi of weavoned ASEH, Englisha and African ealir teak, elm, Arc, part in thelog. but the chief part readyv cut out inE scantling, planks, andA boards,slutable for leeringarid vartoun buildinig and trade purposes;- also the implemnents, and a quantit of firewood, Trobheviswrdthe dayprevious and mornig of sale,CtIalogues on the 3)renkes; midl of lMessrr, Huimphreys and Wyallen, 6, Old, 3Broad-stseet, city. Timber Trees, at Hampetead, close to Dlowosir-bl AP,rESSRS. HAMMOND andRILOART wil SELL ToSibyuCTONldehrPeiss adjiigt n-os,dmt Ill TRE, Timbelm 0emb-t, amcd two hetnut some f Toy large se;asbard o Wood,hly Delder, labu ortas cherry,on. ;I--o rootS,btS,RaS, R. The ande i. Thrw andlyiGO in armeadon- sithragcoted b only 200peyarvsfropiom the hSgroa at fAUspTeaO. Canbte Roseweandm befovre heswe, ons catlogesdhad at the ated RM WSB. R .TarB.EIW a r. e-uROed n reon to- Strced byUtbe respetiveProrieo toT sdLL yAUCe2thdIof a theChos andI Corownf-pd Inn, olewport y,onW unraa Aug.27, atEI PRO,P8 A TMER TRES,50s e!3Td tr eeP, elm Chate], 14eabiel elton, 1s7toateI seucaplinsiItlot, a nd 2fOdesiads e a of topooin atoltrs these wtreaegneriglall vher strapightc isndltof asuerio qualty; earmy are eceednglydoe rers of argemetigs ndeaaridlefsorfnatica I CrhodEsaedi untilen lstflcmt.e ext. CatN Alog es reap b oeshaa dySetembrgods land, tiobr,S and testateo! Hadec oIces, ASauera Mula prev u. y d. H oed oT bas Triae ntridcntrutinst Auus nx, tfo ablf-pautd olompctpreisely neolgile ECOteSIASTCAlid PROPERTY, beinge pTriiyEiscopmSale Capel BLersientin, itute inmto Rleant, aboeutz a,x moo es fro e part oCke Sthsatimcouthe wautehn-placterTh chapel. cmrbis'built of stone, inm-o thTe rl elacrat-,estybleinp oamft beautifucLohegrcltrl buildingectdrgrlss,o tox- etens ;ithcontainsr_upwadsof 40b_0 sittis butts capableofonsiderab le onlarpmnatoio r auxordsmal yeurlay, tenn here bigln adrinn so-Da sonage. Prite particuwodlarand conitions anf saem ehda the, liars;efeMessas.ommgtonet tlnSsow oDdlrt5ovsle1,Blomsurysqare o tbr,andt ierabotndgovrubass,obEthea,55,oinroldacnbs-n obtl;aind krith ldFtoratle, pladns, smay -Ryhd fMe. JORNEKYLcY, on Tuet-, dayer, SEpltember 1o, at2fo .a the Suasee,Aen'ord HeaInt ,Asfe Murls&crevCaiouly disposed ofb reivteB Cotaudctaen), ms m naningysiuat leh arndrO Liolpac -rt anehod Chehst~aer demGrf-birn, din et1fcn the pariheo ipuardentrandIe toerthe in ate county o Ret,abot2 mlsfrmte lcy Station.itposson on theSoth-eA.stmern R olmw aw,mrtence H arreya farIm-hus, wthre bn, stbls hopneasy, ugranary, ann o%ther aiuturald buildings tonehe at thefa mrode rate ren OF st1re, hop,h and woerodlnd nHOP inmdt occupaIonG-Of r Uxfd satbl yerarlyitng ant,. Thereae aout T5nst f aual ossodwladoomaz, aondtanygentemn isint prsrv lamzigh songttowosstce. 1ste ie el rso-n star anthehooingveranyfthadjinigtingdoganb Obtahene lInge eofWgh.-WootuEduides doremses 3aznd Residence, snall coinre- odngystuae theaorngaer ofLiderpolsretadCI eet pac te, ra's-nnrend,i Rdrci oang thesdy prncip19altentrancieltoy OvenIs portevionl Railwayd o Saion,ish postraction.i uentc Malbagive,IP DSS s FIELd esib dlf AITHown arODIe instructe, onthe eautfurrenaorthe Mofrtgagee B,tonSEhe byeCTof, ayt, (anccamwdin'oontoneay,adugDusel5 ae35 te& Theoxplfdrtaeenei th darge rtin trae,Si thle hof Tbeingt etureep wihfontainen s ind boailg and, iru,miebed rooms; andontebsmt al eultre sitting troom kitchlen. foaeigthres, and numr ruriagte wholses admirablyr farmyrang, smorsna- taine on he prmise; atGareaay's nt ess.ashmretuiSon, an p15ev. New-road.itiseail apmLced Isle f Wrht-Woddde a dsirabe Maine hesidec;e,rolty dir-ecs- tunes previousl drpoed fbarivlane con dn ntract,o ishd ednoic othbatuletteS ofyA R. SO. uheolfod eq. inhe Isl orof-WIuareand cemanin mot ovlyand uroingdus ale iw,2 thes perfortaodere deuRinth SWiEoo styl o archItetufre,l bcon tB utainigdnn n dorawingm rnooms, librhy ninebdrooms, anrd allga creniit fices; cmlth,roee aobl md il nranigoo ledge,r in. tacresto land. jnda, compitatansi, ndgardnc thbes heperyposnier great pattaftonsto say gentlema reuiarig pate mariney wealdoeleortpoudrofar-mouniry lif Ue; tseasiTlyapproched breing oniyformiens from thpe town of yde.The prhogerty disulase tbolefor.adeborm ofu1,00 eas, atd aL groun ren,hor artimiars and ceer. Nerro.-t rand ebnras Iesleadof right. ms a clt ag thstrde-square,-Excegaet mod mynwclern Ibrnliture, Grand-Paooreb oesohadwlood Chin andGlhas nd exseUeltcoitnnoEffct,anETt~ ,LELtoSLLbyAI7TIO.eo th) eI Prmies 37-,ordon,suae on ta windws,withIradmom caved nd it crnicsomplete Araliewoosi drawin roomforeiare i t&ae,le arod, wcaiongld wardrobe table, chefenir. grad paoot b raio tbrlla ian plaet chine-gases,elgat ar loo or-amosaLn candeles aove and% gil cbrkes orbonemont, wic.; caital etof, Snplaagaanibhtmlo ydnn lotables, tweohands oues andchirse, Spnaraosn iios. castes, maOfgany and othr ubedsteds rutichdmskNI Voaand titmabaug- sit0eSP .atr and wool paerdaest fatherd beds, andtbeddig. ecjebart~ Spatnishemahognyd ingedandehrwrrbshsso drawers. des-ceto be Let. ~ ~ ~ ~ foden
