'Frw* the XONDOZ? 19!.ET'EV of nuaay, AV. 5. BOARD OF GREEK CLOTH. JumY 25. 'lee 'neen n;sa been pleased tes appoint the Hont. ValentiDe Augustus Browene, commonly called Viscount Cstle. - .ose, to bao Controller of Her Ma.e ys Houeshold, in the room of the Right enD. Archibald- WYilliam Dougl conte snonaly Celled ViscceIt Drumanaig, resigned. D>eWN ET,T, AucusT L. Tho Queen has been pleased to Constitut6 so much of the p3reeat diocess of the Bishopric of New ZealaUd as con.i prises all-that portion of th midadle island of lew Zealand. which lies to - the southward of a geographical line drawn across the said middle islarid, at the noithern boundary of the territory set aDart for the Canterbury Settlement under the provisions of thc- at 13th and 14th of victoria, clihap. 70; together with tho southem island of New Zealand, and the Auckland Islands, and all adjacent islands lying to the southward of the 43d degree 5 Minutes of south latitde, into a separate and disint diocess, *o be caled "The Bishopric of Christchurh" anad to appoi lit the Rev. Hien ry John Chitty Hrer, D.D. , to be ordained wan con - secrated bishop of the said diocese. W=qAUT, AUGuST 2. The Queen has been pleased to grant unto the Rev. Gilbert Frankland Iewvis, M A., the place and dignity of a Canon of the cathedral church of Worcester, the same being void by the death of the Hon. and Rev. James Somers Cocks, late Canon thereof. FOREIGN-OFFICE, AuGus5 4. The Queenhas been pleased to approve Mr. James 1. -Smith, jun., as Consul at Londonderry for theUnitedStates of America. This 0;uet& contains a notiee that Her Majesty, by advice of her Privy Council, has been pleased to order, under authority of the Foreign Deserters Act, 1852, that the order in Council relating to seamen who desert from merchant ships belonging to citizens of the Republic of Chili made on the 25th of FebruaM, 1856, shall be revoked. An order in Council is alsopublished, under the authority of the Act for the better Local Management of the Metroe nolis, by which Her Majesty, in accordance with a petition£rom the vestry of the parish of St. Mary, Islington, coiEents to allow the said vestry to exercise cerain powers as -prayed for in that petition. THE ECCLESIASTICAL COISSI1NRS. By an order in Council, approval is given by Her aesty to a certain scheme for allowg the purchase of certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments formerly belonging to theBishopof Exeter. Anotherorder in Councilapproves E scheme for authorizing the sale of ceitain property formerly heAnrging to the twelfth canonry in tho cathedral church of Darham. By other orders in Council consent is given to the proposed assignment of ndistrict chIpeiry to the chureh of the lIoly trinity at Rhos1yaGn aliaf i the parish of Llanfar, to be called " the District Cihao bry of Rhosay- Swalia 'end to the assignment of a pTicular districto the church of St. Maithias, in the parish of St. George, Birmingham. This Loaette contains a notice from the Board of Trade acknowledging the receipt of a despatch from Her Majesty's hmbassador at Paers, enclosing an Imperial French decree regulating tohe admission into France oE ariges o iron in tended to oe emxployed in the constructionl of iron ships and. hoilers for steam-engines. COMMSSIONS. Signed bythe LOe,u-Ltsnr;Aisr of the ToWE HAiLET5. }Barrington Fonts, Bso., hl.D., to be Deputy-LIeutenlant. By the Loirn-LsgUvsursar of the county of BDoeoLr. Charles 3mws Palmerg Ren ., to be Deputy-l-ieutenant. By the LO --L.ComA naiof the County Palatine of Dnusetne John Richard WestgCrth Efildyard Dq., to he Deputy-Lioutenant. DuPrham Artllery ReJmnent ofTs !iitnl.-jtst bieutenanlt tEhaord veitherpton m tLgh t to be Capt., vico Stobart, resigened By the Loan-LiurwAneT of the County of Docs,Ena Queen's Own BtegstneDt ot Yeomry Coralry.-tleWt.-loL rke Leord Rt ern to he vic tR-CotL Commandant, e ice tb e Earl Of 11cheste-, in hsgned; Caze the Lonta Diby to be leut.ha ol., viee theT Lort ibers, promsted Liedt. John Claseniiatnel, to be Capt vice the Lord Dioby. I-emaetet CorSet Joseps. Toehogeiohn Temple, to Sbeleat.d vice Boser, promote; A anthony Lord Ashley to be Comnet, vice TenpRer, promroted. By the Loten-Lsv aremsrsr ot the County of GranvndC and of the Cityand County ofthe City of t,snsa,r and of the C;tY uond Couaty of the City of t Bssroa. Royal North Glecester Regiment of aclitua.-Wlliam Clarke, gnr to be risn, -ice u Runt, promotd C, Mad. Thisr " Gazette" contansu a notiCe thLt the molloving place has been duly registered for the solemnimatton of macsieges therein :-hnreh of our Lady and St. -osephn Tottenh. ns-oad, gltterand u FA RT ifBS .fl ' Dl Y IOLVIllt D. J. Bourn e an d R. Pardon, ?loney-lan e, eoransasion agents.-J. and B., Tenser, Bradford, Yorkshire, Worosted epinnera-I. W°igley and J. Rollisson, Cheltonh,m , c-al mercbunnts.-d. B. Vaurpan aend C. bR Symonds, Sitones-end, p?atent zinc msuufoeturers.-Carlton and MOnk;house, Darlinston, coach huilder3.-ittherford, Groant, and Co., L'adelma, and Ruthecford.lDrusy, and Co., London, merchants; as far as regards W. Grarnt.-R. and Hf. Robinson, Scetter and Sur woeth, L incoetshire. millerm-Scott, Moeidnin, a,.dCn., Ltvrpozol, merobante, -D. Mason and Co., Birmingham, wholeale eaddlers ; as far as regards W. Greenway.-Hndson and Mason. Stockton. joiners-J. Matthews and T. Xettle ,Ffgh-treet, S3uthwark, hop factors-R. Newman and A. B. Verrier TauntoD. dentists.--Taylor and CowelL Hockley Brewery, near Buinsugham.-Droin, CrUrer. and Co., London and Geneva, mrercbabts-H. Edwards and Son, Birmnsrharn, merchants. -W. =earsley, jon,,J. tobertzon, and B. Rngg, Kirby, Yorkshire. wood dealers-_. and T'. H. Spencer, Maidstone, wine mercbantsP. and C. Fanliner. Jermyn-treet, grocers.-J. C. and W. Stark, Torquay., irenmonsers.-J. B. audJ. Carter, Spalding. attorneys.- N. singlehust sad Co Liverpool, brokers -Farar and Co Chic'k tand-street, Wbitechapejoil manufaeturers.-Bibbsand BraydRotherbam, Pawnbrokers.-'Dermott and Jones, Liverpool, bootmrakers -11 Gwyer and Son. BristoL Africen snerchant"--C., I. anrd W. Fisher, Jun., Shef3ield, merchants. PECLABAT2ONS OF DIVIDENDS T. autchins, _unegerfow; butcher-flirt div of dis. isle. , any WednWednay before the 9th of August, or afterthe ist of Norember, at Mr. Vddtmore!s, Basinghlia-street, T. A. Readin, WMicherter-biStrind. Great Winchester-streew dealer riDtharofeecodidiv . of 7n., dntvednetday before the 9th of August, or ter the bst of e overnaer, at 3Mr. sahitmore'ng Basinghalt. etreet. i. B. 31ast!,, Mtack-lane, witne-merchrant-Scot div. Is. 1ad., anr Wedneeday before the tsof August, or after theist ofo1ea ber, at atlr. Thaltesir,at Basinghall-t reet. J. Thom asge herinet reet. Strand, and elsewhere. newspaper nrotcie dwr-ltest div, ont S. any Wednesd^` betore the lo August, or after the 1st of NovemDber, at 3Ir. W7hltmore's, BasinghaUl-street. J. l.uale, GAugpor, drap her-seond dit . oCIs. Ies, auy Wedesday bhefore the9th oCAgust, or after thel5ofNoyember,atMr.Whit.noriee BasiarhaSt-etreet. 0.1. W ard, Loice-ler, flesenonger-dret dtv. of is, any Mo0nday after the 4th of O?ctober, at Mfr. garcia's Nottingham. -IJebn Jsmes Vonder Breyde and Christopher Cetolas- Yonder Eieyde, lowerlhamuero.stdeet, tobacco treeutStorera, ta ?osreuger Aug. t0 ' P at hal-ppat 11 oclockr, Sept. 24. at I1, at the Bankrapte' Court: solicitors, bressrs. Lawo,mncs. Flows, and Boyer, Old Jewrry-chsmlbersOKelclal essignee 7ArGa Stansfeld oeny Edward Burns, St. Mdactin's-etreet, Lolcester-sqare, licensed I victualler Aug. 1. at half-past o'clock. Sept. 17, atbll-pat 1, at athe ankrupte' Court rolinctor, MIr. FlareU, Bedford-row * o3icitel asdignee, J hbr. St'sfe?d. V. illiarnt Underwo-.d, Frith-etreet, Soho, tvalor, Aug. 19, at 2 o'dlocl:, Sept. 19. at half-pest , at the BankruDto' Court ; solicior, Mr. Xelly. New-inn, Strsad; official assignee. r. Grahans. -Bol crt Johnston ald Jlmeg Jemuatn Prgtt late af Bhitere o uare, nrerebants, Aug. 14, at half-past 1 o'cloc, Sept. 12, at 12, at the Banrupts' Court: colicitose. vItosare. Leafrant,,, Plows, and Poyer, old Jopry-chamrbers;of dcial aYligne, Mr. CaDnaa, Aldesneanbury. elic,-,l Anug. 5.5thano°lf-at 12 o'clotclk,m ept. 12, athalf-pest ii at the BanIrrupts' Court: solicitor, Mir. Barrow, Clayton-place, Kennington official a&egneu, blr. Cinnan Aldermanbury. John Greatwrood, Haadworth, confectionrr, Aug. 15, at half-past 11 odlock, Sept. 4. at 10. at the BirmIngbam District Court of Bankruptcy; solicitor. Air. Brown, Birminghamt; oicidal aseigsee, Mr. Bittlestou, Birmingbam. William Resy, Bi-ingblam, corn dealer, Aug. 15, at half-past 11 O'clock, Sept. 4, at 10, at the Birmingham District Court of Bankcuptcy; solicitors, lessra. Eodseo -and Allen, Birminghan; offlcial assrgte. Air. Bittlestou, Birmingham. Fzancis Jelley, iun., Stamford, brewer. Aug. 26, Sept. 16, at halfpeas 10 o'clock, at the Birmingham District Court of Bankruptcy. 'ota ilnam: solicitors, bMr. Lavr, Stamford; MSerns. Hodgeon and Allen. rmndughatn ; official assignmee, r. Harris, Nottingham. John Stopford Taylor, LiTerpool, ap thecary, Aug 18, Sept. 8, atll o'clock, at the Lirespool District Court of Ba'. tptcy; solicitor Mr. bodge, Liaerpool; official assigne Mr. Cazenove, LAverpool, DIVIENDRS'I. Sept. 1, T. Jordan, Btoxitch. baker-Aug. 26, W. Stevenson, Leicooter. butcher- Oct. 8. T. H. Taylor, Birmingham, cabinetmakerSept.4, It Jefferd, Lyse Regis, builder-SeDt. 4, T. Dur5ton, Tauntor, brewrer-Sept. 4, E. Rowe and B. Rowe. jun.. Penranco. staUonersSept. 4, w. A -anning. Totnes, corn dealem- Sept. 4, W. 3. B. Ftrell, Ylolsisorthy, Devon ironmonger-Sept. 4, T. Wllliameson, 7vurD, draper-Sopt. 4, J. Irgallas, St. Agnes, Cornwall, dn:perSeDt.E, 4 v, 4Crediton, Bailoth ustma acturer. CERTI,0dAt to be granted, un cause be -lown totthe con- trary n &e dsy ot f tX 8ept. 1, J. Osborne, Catai-road, upbolsterr-Aug. 26, G. Bush, rhine. inomong3r-ug2SJ. ihardsoe, jun., Cocsrnoth.bcewel - Sept. 4, . Gould, Birmingham, military ornamont ma4nufacurer. SCOTCH E stUSTIATONS. P. SindaIr, Edinburgh, hotelkeeper, Aug. 16, at 1 o'cloek at Stev Yenson's Sale-rooms. E: inburgh. J.C,ampbeli, Falkirk, writer, Aug. 12, at 2 o'clock. at the Crown Inn,s
DISTPJBUTIOZ OF PRIZE MONEY. (From Tuesday's GaoweUe) A notice frox the department of the Accountut-Genezal of the Navy, Somerset-hose, dated August 4h imst., has been given to officers, seamuen, ma&'inee, and others u- terested t.herein, that tho distribution of proceeds ariEing from the Finnish barque Treciosa and cargo, csptnred on the 3d of August 1855, by Her MIsjeety's ship Firefly, wrill comunence on the 28th of August next, according to the following scale:- Another motice of the sid first-inentionad date has aLo beeu giveuntoftho oSficers, kc., intereste4 in tha proceeds arilg from sondxydeals capususd at Rasso, between the 1st and 6th of September, 1855, bg Her Majesty'a ships Firefly and flarer, and the ship of war L'Aigle, belonging ta HIis Impxerialfaiesty the3 mnVror of the Branxch, thait1he distribution of the proceeds will commence On the 28th of A ueua next. aeeoine tn the followiw' scile:-
:OXJW.ASZ.ITand VITYIR'TEL FGWPC TueEday Evening. The quotation of gold at Paris is about 6 per mll premiu3, and tJie short exchaige on Tiodon i 256271 per 11. starling. On comparing these rat-es with the Englith Minit prioe of St. 17s. 1d per ounce for standard gold, it appear that -gol i-s nearly 2-10ths per cont, deu*r ia Paris than in london. By sbices from a:mnburg the prlne of gold is 424 per mark, and the short exchag on London is 13-4,1. Standard gold, at the English ltint price, is therefor nearly 1-10th. per cent. dearer in London than in H amburg. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 64 days' sight -is 110 per cent., which, as compared with the Mint par betreen the two countries, shows that the exchange is slightly in favour of } land; and, after making allowanco for chargesof transport auddifference of interest, the present rate leaves a small profit on the importation of gold from the United States. The Engish funds opened with firmness this morning at the improved quotations of yesterday, but subsequently expeiienced a decline of a quarter per cent. Consols for money were first quoted 95i to -,s whence they receded to 95. to i, at which, after some slight fluctuations, they closed. For the 0th of Se-tember the last transactions were at 96 to i. A further increase in the demand for money, toget.her with a rather less favourable state of the foreign exchanges, and a continuance of uinfvourable accounts from the Paris Bourse, were the causes of the weakness of the market. Durin the day there was a purchase of 30,0001. Consols by the Government brokers on accoint of the savingsbanks, but neither this nor the extraordinary accounts of the progress of the wbeat crops seemed to exercise much influence. Consol Scrip left off at 4i to tpremium; Bank Stock, 217k to 2184; Reduced, 95; to 9*3; New Three per Cents., 963 to ;4nnuities, I85-16; ndia Stock,234 to 237; India Bonds, 17s. to 20s. premaium; Echequerbonds, 100~ to 4; and Exchequer-bills, 16s. to I9s. premium. The demand for money was active to-day in the discount-market and atthe Bank of England. Foreign securities were not firm, and sales increased towards the close. Portuguese and Turkish were principally dealt in. The transactions in Portuguese Four per Cents. were at 50k, 49k, and 50. 'urkish Six per Cents., for the account, were neg6tiated at 103i, i, 104, and 1031-; andthe Four per Cents. Guaranteed, for the account, at 104k and i ex div. Russian Five per Cents. were firm at 1124. The general business comprised-Mexican, for the account, 234 and 23; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents. for money, 81k, and for account 82; Sardinian Five per Cents., 924; Spanish New Deferred, for account, 24~ and i; Venezuela, 33X; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 6,5; and the F our per Cent. Certificates, for account, 974. In the foi-eign exchanges this afternoon the rates upon Amsterdam and Hamburg were lower than last post. nWith respec; to other places there was no important alteration. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening were 70f. 40c. for money, and 70f. 55c. for the end Of the month, showing in the latter case a further relap3s of a quarter per cent. The price now quoted for the account is lower than any lately touched. The Committee of Mexican Bondholders have issued their report, preparto0ry to the meeting tomorrow. WVith regard to the arrears on the old honds, amounting to $900,000, it has still been found impossible to obtain any satisfactory attention from the Mexican Government. In. relation to the generai debt, which was compromised in 1850, it is stated that out of 11 half-yearly dividends which have since become due only five have been paid. Those overdue represent an aggregate of 921,7481., whichl in January wi lbe increasedto 1,074,3731., as the amount at the Bank to meet the next dividend is only 30,3491. (the requisite slum being 153,6241), and there is no prospect of sufficient remittances in the interveninlg period. The revenues assigned as security would be ample for the purpose, but the MIexican Government have seized them in defiance of all remonstrances, and hence, with the exception of some amounts casually recovered by the agents of the committee in the ports of the Pacific, the rights of the bondholders have for a long time past been wholly confiscated. Under these circumstances, application has again been made to Lord Clarendon, who has entertained a plan submitted to him by the committee, wvhich, if adopted, as they expect, will prevent the future misappropriattonof the revenues in question. Tt is recommended, therefore, that full powers should be transmittted to MIr. Whitehead inl Mexico to conclude with the Mexican Government an agreement on the subject. The committee bear testimony to the efforts of the British M3inister in Mexico on their behalf, and the remainder of the report is devoted to details of minor importance. The dollars and bar silver brought by the last West India steamer have been sold respectively at 61d. and 61AM. per ounce. This is an advance of id. on dollars and id. on bar silver compared with the irices obtained for the arrivals of last month. Thie report from Holland of Messrs. Rotlhschild having made a contract for 850,0001. in silver from the Bank of Amsterdam is denied. If any arrangement of the kind has been made it has not been by that firm. The Portugnese Minister of Finance has notified to Mr. Thornton, the Chairman of the Portuguese Bondholders, that the agreement proposed for the aTangement of the debt has been approved in both Houses of the Cortes. Mr. Thornton has accordingly put forth a recommendation that such holders as have not converted their bonds should now do so. A variety of letters have been received in answer to the protest of a correspondent published on Saturday against the resolution adopted bDy a majority of the shareholders of the London Life Association for a distribution of 230,0001. out of their surplus assets, and which is to be settled by ballot on the 13th inst. The present writers all deny most emphatically that the proposed distribution would involve a breach of engagement with any of the policy holders, and contend that, fortified as they are by the opinions of counsel upon a fair statement of the entire case, they may at least be allowed to entertain this view without being accused of a disposition to practice repudiation. The simple question is,-vwill the fulfilment of the promises held out to new members be in any way jeopardized by the contemplated act? This would seem easily to admit of an answer, but the most contradictory statements respecting it are put forward, and the prospect of obtaining a concise and unpreiudiced exoositiiion appear opeless. IJnder the circumstances a reference, not necessarily in a hostile spirit, to the Court of Chancery would decide the point in the manner most satisfactory to all parties, and it would ho fair that the expense should be defrayed from the funds of the association. The following communication relates to a project recently introduced, called the South-Western Hotel Association, with a capital of 50,0001. The object of the association is to cenvert Oatlands-house, near Weybridge, into an hotel of an attractive and superior description; and the provisional committee, as it appears in the prospectus, conuains 20 names, mostly of persons well known. Among these are included "J. E. Gill, Esq., Bath," and "W. C. Gill, Esq., Bath." It is now stated that the names of both these gentiemen were used not only without their consent, but without their having any know- ledge even of the existence of such a scheme. The, practice of attracting subscriptions by the use of unIauthorized names is so fraught with danger to the Ipublic as to necessitate its being visited vith the' seve rest re robation, but in the iresent case, from the general respectability of the list both of coin mittee and officers, it is imposible not to infer that some explanation will be afiorded:- ' Sir,-To shou you how companies are got up at tGe present wouldenclo e yci a pinted prospectus issued y the "South-WfesternHotelAssociation," in which I ad) my brother, JI. F, Gill, are named arong others as being ot the prosisionaleoimni'ttee.-- aIbegosure you tb, befoe the prospectus was breaght to us, neither of us had been cokmunicMedrith en he subject, nOr did either of s knowr of the existence of mobh an association. "You are at hbert to publish this letter if you thiak fit, a I am, Sir, your obedient servant, :"Batb, A ug. 2. " 1 Wm}. Co*EAN G:EL." At a meeting of the General Iroia Screw Collier Company held to-day the dividend declaed was at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum, and the report was unaniraously adopted. The chairman (Mr. W. Huti) stated that the progress of operations is satisfactory, and that the service of the vessels in the Blaek Sea has been found in every respect efficient. As those' employed by the Government Mill short'y be released, they wil be made available for other purposes in addition to the development of the coal tradQ, In answeQI to qu4stions, the directors mentioned ita the neceary arrangements axe being nLade for bringing the compauy underlimitedliability, -a:d that on revisig the deed of settlement omidertIon *ill b i to an amendment of th clau reetricigthe divdandtW loper cent. Annex I is an abstraet of the report and account* Thke company ha been p:laced by a resolution of zeia1 meeting, wider the provisions of the limitei Lia. blity Act, and in due cours must comader thbes of the Joint Stock Compauies Act of liat session. Duxing the Past year a further intrebal halbecn made to the feet, and thi P_rOPre;or8 am lnow in possession of 14 vessels- of wWi the ntton ChaSor, delvered in October, and the Euatoina, recentlypfrhased out of thereserve funds, havebeen added smce the lst general meeting. Most of these 14 vessels are in a state of satisfactory efficienev, both -as regds their hIsu and mabinery; and, after those returning from distant voyageI shall hare Mndergone ordinary renairs the whole feet willbe in excelleat equipment. The eessas tion of the war is rapidly bringng to a close tho compan%Ys tranmsctionswith the Board of Admiralty, and thus a source of profitable, though casual, employment for the vessels in approaching its termination. Still, all the advantaes toe suting from ths service ill not have passed awaY with it. The exserience which has been acquired therein, baa coun, vinced he directors of the perfec-b fitness of the vessels for voyages of longer duration thi those in the coaa trade, and for cargoesof almost any description, and pointed out for them a range of usefulness wider than .was originally cosstempiated, and an extended choice of advantageous emploYv ment. The expenditure for ihe repairs of tho ships and thi best mode of effecting them have occupied rauch attentionr To keep the vessels in efficient worldng condition thoy re. quire to be docked at least twice a-year, and the delay ofteba experienced in finding accommiodation immediately it wa required, and the cost of it when found, hare deternined them in taking a lease of the Old. Globe Dock in Botherhithe, whilch, after nderoing -some necessary alterations, is nowreadyfor use. This w1l prerent inch detention, wl lead to acorsiderable saving in dock dues, And enable the officers to anticipate largo repairs by a timely apulica. tion of small ones. t appears by the accounts th atrge surplus remains after addmg to the reserve fund the usual percentage. The directors paid a dividend at the Tate of 10 per cent. per annum last Christmas, and they now recom. uend a dividend at the same ratfi for the last six months, payable on the 11ith inst. The residule of the profits, as pro. iedby tl:e dced of settlement, will eb carried to the reserve funds, and thus* place the financial affairs of the companuy on a sound and enduring basi.s." ACCOUNts ross Tics YBB B2tDUeG JUNE 30, 185. To Dividend for tc hIht-year ending June 30,1855 .. £7.60213 Sa To Balance carried to coatingent and insuranre fund.. 7,52314 5 £15,126 S 1 ToWage3s, stores, IC., percolliers .0., 576 10i To Wages stores, compesiation. and commisniotn, c., per transport. 43,833 13 6 To Contingent anx. insurane lund, i; percent, on cost of Vesels .12,975 0 0 To Depreeiatioa ftnd, 5 pler cant. on cost of vessels 6.47 10 0 To llepir3s (anid including two new boilera) . . 13,229 6 3 -To General charge3 (including salaries, rent, printing and stationecy, traveing expenses, law costs, &c.l .. 3,5510 11 To Income-tax reserved 2,533 0 e To Directors rermumaeration fo: t&o half-ye.ar ending June 3S9 183, per re3olution of general meeting, held Autgust7, 1855.50 0 0 To Doubtful debts .56 3 S ToNet profitain the year. viz.:- Proportion thereof appropriated to the- Contingent and inurance fund, on the balance of thatsceut .. . £0. .. .. £2.59 3 4 Depreciation fund, on the balance of tlht account .. .. .. . .2,015 0 6 Blance, being the profit3 on capital, vizr- Dividend paid for tes half-year ending December, 155 .. .. £6,005 a g Amountnoewdisposable.. 28,31S 6 3 39.288 35 £132.537T1 10 CF. By Balance from account, June 30. I .. £15.122 8 1 By Freights, rer coiers... £17,64 15 2 By Freight, per transports .113,90 8 5 By Diicount, interest, transfer fees, &c. 1,792 14 3 £13,5-7 17 ID CONTINOGFT AND 7I25URAXCE FUND. To Contingernie . .£31 7 7 To Insnrance ... is 5 ToBalance 17,972 211 £25,67 8 11 ep By B3asnce frem account,. une 30,18lS £9,349 7 S By Balance frora revonue . . .. 7,523 14 5 Ler amount carried to form aopaprste depreciation 8 ' 1 fund .7,037 6 £9,83 0 7 By Proportion of profits, as Der rerenue account 2,853 L 4 By 10 per cent. oa cost of vssels. an per revenue account .. 12,975 0 0 £256,070 S 11 DR. x>DPlPFBfATIO27 FllipD. ToBaanco.£ 15,569 12 0 ep-~~~~~~~~~~~~ £515,559 12 0 CL BYAmount twna contingent and lusurase fenda £7,037 1 6 ByProportion of profits, asper revenue accout 2,045 o 6 ByS per cen t, onxcst of vesaels, - per revenue account 6,487 10 0 515,.569 12 0 The weekly reviews from the Amsterdam and Rotterdamnproduce markets state that, although business was not active, prices on the average continue to be suppored. The purchases of sugar and cofee had slighty increased, and in some cases higher rates were obtained. There had been less activity in rice, and tea exhibited no important alteration. The letters from Rouen mention that the market for rain.nfactures presented a more animated appearance, the attendance of buyers having increased. According to the circular of M. Arles Dufour, of Lyons, the silk crop in France turned out so deficient in quantity that the manufacturers as well as the thr6wsters have made large contracts in foreign raw silks particularly from Lombardy, Piedmont, and Naples. A rise in al clases has consequently taken pLace during the month of July, and buyers appear disposed to conformn, to it at least for their supplementary orders.
,: - RItrAr4kD Ar f{G A The railway-market opened with d in some caea thee was a Alight tendency to f, 4e improvement. The gheet prices were not wts quently support iga hares experieuced further depreciation owng to,ige ales, ind c1aiod If to j pm. No important change ocurred -in adi sare, but Sanibre and Meuse were rather hgher. sitralian land and banldng share piesented firnness. Miscellaneous detcripi,rns were rather heavy. Ottoman Bank, I to pm.; Bank of Egypt, 1 to I pm.; National Diwount Company, l1 to ipm.; dittol!sew, 1jto ipmE.; Pernanibuco, Bank of Switzerland, jato g dis.; - eylon, 1B ol, n;;Bengal, X to i pm.; E.uphrates Valley, i t tpm.; Oopmapo,htolpm.:
LONDOZ, WEDNERSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1856. : The public mind in the United States seems now fully occupied with the Presidential election which is to take place during the ensuing autumn. There are signs that this struggle will engage, more tbar on common occasions, the attention and interference of the whole people. It may not be that -iwis a great crisis; mankind are always apt to I**- on the events of the present day as preeminently important, and in a = country like America a four years' te.-m must naturally produce many questions which the result of a Presidential election must determine. Nor can we con-eive that there is any danger threatening the union of the States. They differ in so many ways that the effect- is to keep them together. It is not ,only north and south, bit east and west, New England and the Central Statea, which have their., feuds, jealonsics, and was of words; and theyy remain one, because the - only alternative is, mot to make two repablicw, but four or five. Without, then, attaching any undue importance to the present election, wo may say that it is higo,hly interesting to the world at large, and seems to excite great expeetaiions of good or evil in the States themselves. In fact, t is a contest not so much on the material well-being of the country as on its monl policy. 'Whether Buca=" or FIFXONT be victorious will make little differzence to the fanners whose crops cover the northern States, to the hardy pioneers of the wilderness, or the merchants of the great towns. Probably in no country have political ehanges. so little influence on the general concerns of life as in the republic which devotes so nmuch of its time to oratory and electioneering. EBut for some tirne American citizens have been meditating on certain phenomena of their own society. Those who travel in Europe or read the writings of Europeans have learnt that the world, while fully impressed with the extent of American territory, the increase of its population, and the promise of its material greatness, is by no meanis disposed to propose to itself the American political character as a model. This feeling is not confined to England, which might be supposed envious of a younger rival, but extends throughout Europe, both constitutional and despotic. The monstrous inconsistency of slavery in a free republic might be passed over if there appeared a desireonthe part of the people to remove an evil which it might be-said was bequeathed to them by the parent State; but when the institution is extolled, when every theory of social science and every text of Scripture is sought after to support it, then the natural feeling of the world is alienatedeven from those who have carried furthest the principles of popular government. The war in Kansas, where the opponents of slavery have been expelled by an armed force whose doings have been since ratified by the highest authority,-the assault on a Northern senator by a member of the House of Representatives, an action applauded by half the States of the Union, and gloried in to the last by the perpetrator,-are sufficient to call men's attention to the future prospects of the community to which they belong. Add to this, that the aggressive doctrines avowed by many politicians are calculated to keep the IJJnion in a state of perpetual unrest, besides undermining those foundations of mnorality by which even a preponderating State on a new continent must be supported, and we have reason enough whvy men of all classes should look forward to the Presidential election as a decision of the community on questions of the greatest maagnitude. Mr. BucHA;N", the Democratic candidate, has hitherto been thought by his friends as certain of an easy victory. He will be supported by the Soutb, by the advocates of annexation and absorption, by the conquering faction in Kansas-in short, by all those sections of the population with which we in England have least in common. MIr. BucnAwAis understood to have purposely delayed a settlement of the Central Amesican question, and to hold opinions on the subject of an armed occupation which are directly opposed to the stipulations of the treaty. He is also said to agree with the doctrines laid down at what was called the Ostend Conference, where certain American diplomatists promu]lgated principles which must subject every weak State to the will of its more powerful neighbour. The P cER Administration has been so little satisfactory to the country that no chance of his re-election existed, and Mr. BuGxNAAN was chosen by the Democratic party. We are told that the announcement of his name fell flat on the country; yet, as the chosen noominee of a great political body, he had the best chance of success. Within the last month, however, Colonel FsREMox-, the Republican candidate, hasbeengrowinginfavour. At the outset he had the courage to speak boldly on the subject of " filibustering" and the armed invasion of other nations' rights without cause of quarrel. The treatment received by the Free Soil party in Kansas has raised the inudignation of the North-west, and swelled the number of Colonel FnEsXo-r' s supporters. Three months are still to elapse before the election, and it is thought that, if no unexpected event occur, Colonel FaEbtoroz will continually rise in popylarity. and eventually attain the highest place in the American commonwealth. The pretensions of Mr. Fria uoF, however, are likely to complicate the struggle. This gentleman will be supported by a great part of the Whig party, and the result may perhaps be that neither candidate will obtain a sufficient number of votes, and that the President will be chosen by the House of Representatives. The newspapers which favour Colonel FasmroxT are, however, sanguine of his success, and, taking the States one by one, they argue as to the probable result of the election. The New England States are, as it may be supposed, likely to surport the " Republican" candidate. In Maine the FRmroNT party is likely to have a large majority. in Massachusetts a large portion even of the Democrats are likely to abandon the cause of Mir. BUCHA>NsA. The North-west, every day advancing in population and wealth, although sufficiently democratic in principle, is looked upon as likely to support the more moderate politician of the two. But the Central States, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, with their millions of inhabitants, will most probably decide the contest. New York has now a population of more than 4,000,000, and, though enjoying no metropolitan status, is, from the greatness of its chief city, naturally most influential in a struggle of popular opinion. Weare not ourselvescalledupon to express any judgment or aympathies in the matter. The opinions of Englishmen may be well divined. They know little of the multitudinous partics which divide American politics, and less of the men who take the lead in the Union. But when freedom is pitted against slavery, and a sense of iustice and national right against aggression, they cannot but desire that what they consider the right cause wi'l prevail. It is to be hoped that before another President is installed at Washington the questions now debated between the two nations will be finally settled. So far, therefore, as we are immnediately concerned the decision of the American people is-not of much importance. But in the long run we are interested in the moral tone of the republic; for if the doctrines enunciated in some quarters be accepted by its people, we cannot but fear a succession of troubles and disputes, while if better counsels prevail a period of amity and goodwill may commence, not soon to be disturbed.
Events appear to recur in cycles. There is a season for everything; and the season for railway accidents appears to be at hand. In some cases it is impossible for the human intel1igence to apprehend the mysterious law which governs the sequence or coincidence of misfortunes; but the railway tragedies do not fall within any such category. it is demonstrable tnat, if certain precautions were taken which are not taken, hnd if a certain system were acted upon on which we do not act, our iron reads niight be almost clear of blood. In the first place, it is necessary to look a little into the history of these accidents how and where they mainly occur. NOW, it is a fact that in 90 per cent. of those railroad calamities which it is o-ur painful duty to record from time to time the smash takes place at a station. A train is detained by some unforeseen circumstance. There is a necessity for " shunting,"' as the phrtase is, a train from one line of rails on to another. Some bitch takes place ibout the signals. The stationmaster is at his tea, or in his office, or busy with the train. There comeB a rumble, a whistle, a glare, and a crash, and a hundred human beings are scattered about the line, afflicted suddenly with every kind of injury the human frame can sustain by external violence, fromn broken noses to broken necks. There is something radically wrong in the system of signals at present employed. It may be said, and no doubt with some truth, that accidents -will occasionally occur at other points of the line as well -as at the stations ; but &een in these cases, which constitute a very smallnuinority, the calamity would almost certainly have been prevented had there been a proper system in use at the varions stations to regulate the progress of the. passing trains. Could the chapter of railway accidents, in other words, be limited to those few instances in which the iron road, or the iron engine which runs upon it, may give way through unforeseen circumstances over which human intelligence can scarcely hold entire control, we should seldom bo called upon to chronicle such calamities as the one which occurred the other day at Church Fenton. A proper supervision over the various sections of the permanent way, a careful examination of the road, sound engines and carriages, a proper selection of drivers, and a rigid inspection that they are actually fit for duty whenever they are summoned to their work, together with an intelligent employment of the electric telegraph, would constitute together such an effective combination of precautions as would almost secure the public against accident. It is, of course, impossible absolutely to eliminate occasional failure from the result of any series of arrangements, no matter how prudently devised, but under such a system the occurrence of accidents on railways would be reduced to its minimum. In the few remarks we are about to make we shall confine ourselves exclusively to the system of signals now employed at stations; and in so doing we woould call particular attention to a very able letter which we printed yesterday with the signature of " A RamwAx DmECToit." Our correspondent takes for his text the accident which occurred the other day at Church Fenton, which is but a sample of a hundred other accidents of the like kind. " The accident," he says, " re"sulted from one of two causes either from the 'danger' signal not being fixed, or from the dis" regard of that signal by the engineer of the " goods train." Such is his theory. The writer sums up the facts fairly enough in an earlier portion of his letter:-" A train of passengers arrived "-at Church Fenton, and it was necessary to shunt "it across tne line. While this was being done a "goods train came from York, and, seeing the "signal ' All-right ' exhibited, the engine- driver and guard, anticipating no danger, ran into and literally through the "passenger train, cutting it in two, kill"ing two passengers, and- wounding 14 others." Now, it is not necessary for the purpose of the present inquiry to ascertain wno was more particularly in fault in the present instance. The question is, rather, whether it is possible to contrive a system which shotuld absolutely put it out of the power of the guardians either of the stationary or passing train to make any fatal error. It appears that it is, and that without involving the companies in the expenditure of an extra shilling. The onlydrawbacks to the scheme proposed are-first, that a certain additional amount of trouble would be entailed on the employes of the line at the various stations; and, secondly, a slight prol6oigation of the journey consequent upon decreasing the speed on passing the stations. Atpresentthesystemiasthis.--Itisassunied that the line is clear, unless specific notice be given to the contrary by the display of the "danger" signal. As a consequence of this, the " all-right" signal is hoisted, if not permanently, at least long before it is wanted. Now, supposing that in the interval between the hoisting of this signal and the arrival of the expected train some hitch should occur at the station-such a one, for example, as that which happened the other day at Church Fenton-every person at the station is employed in remedying what bas gone amiss. There is a confusion and a flurry. It may well be in the hurry and excitement of the moment that the fact of the "call-right" signal being still displayed is lost sight of. The driver of the train due, but not expected, with his great charge, glides on swift as misfortune to the scene of wild entanglement, and in his train come terror, dismay, death. Our correspondent proposes to remedy this state of things by a radical change in the system of signals. He calls the present system the "negative" system,-that is, thi semaphores by day and the lamps by night deny that there is danger on the line. He would substitute for this the " affirmative" system; that is, he would have the semaphores and lamps constantly to assert the presence of danger until the question " Is all well 2" is put by the driver of an approaching train. On hearing this inquiry, which would be made by the shrill whistle of the engine, and not till then, it would be the duty of the people at the station, if all were well, to display the "Allrighf' signal, and so the train would pass on its way in safety. To this point we attach so much importance that we will illustrate it by the words of our correspondent. He is speaking of the accident at Church Fenton, andwrites :-" Now, suppose that "the affirnative instead of the negative system "of signals had been in operation on the line of "railway-suppose that the normal condition of the ;signal had been that of 'danger'-that is, with "the semaphore arm at right angles with the "post, and at night showing a red light" that the signals were so constructed as ta "assume this position when ieft to themselves; "there would then have been no necessity "to do anything as a preliminary to the " shunting of the train." The "danger" signal, in other words, is displayed en permanence; the driver of the advancing train must not sound his whistle until he has absolutely sighted the signal; the watchman at the station, when he hears the whistle, and not till then, substitutes the " all-right' for the " danger" signal and thus all chance of calamity is almost entirely averted. Now, what are the objections to this arrangement ? We can see no others than the two we have already stated. UJnder ordinary circumstances the officials at the stations would be required to be a little more on the alert, and possibly there might be a slight diminution of speed. Under extraordinary circumstances-that is to say, when the officials had neglected their duty, or were absent from their post -the advancing train vwould be brought to a standstill. That is the worst which could happen under the system proposed if the airangements should break down; at present, when they fail, a horrid tragedy is the almost inevitable consequience.
-A philosopher once declared that he could move the earth. He was very positive, and bargained for only one small condition-he 3muist have a place to stand on. Our Ministers have undertaken the task of that philosopher-to govern the world, and we. are only now beginning to be told that one - prominent cause of their failure has been the want of a place to work in. Administrative reformers call out for the "right "men;" while a committee of the House of Commons puts in a plea for the " right place," and declares that, given the latter, the former will have a better chance. There can be no doubt of it. Routine is a bore and redtape is a byword, but we can no more get rid of them than we can dispense with tho unfortunate necessity of eating and drinling; and it is a matter of prime importance, even if our linisters wvere Heavenborn, much more when they are palpably earthborn, to see that the tape hold as firm and the routine run as swift as possible. And in any system of routine nothing is more essential than that the Public Offices should be concentrated. At present not only is an immense deal of time and labour wasted by -the sn1division and dispersion of Offices, but, what is worse, the 'waste" of time is too often the loss of an opportanity, and the waste of labour is the ruai of many a-noble design. The disjecta Vmem.bra of the Wai' Depasrtment alone are sprawling about in 1T different places, ancd a pretty business it is to. bring all the parts together, and dress themr up for public appearance, liL-e an old fogie performing his toileta wig out of this box, 'half a dozeli teeth out of that, hera the colour for the cheek, and there the padding for his ma4lar chest. As if it were not enough to take the Ministry all to pieces and to reatter those pieces all over the town, the separate tenements in which they are lodged are of the most uncomfortable description. This will be evident when it is unnderstood that originally they were dwelling-houses, that the heads of the department take the best rooms they can get, and that in this way a3 chief or a secretary may be seen all solitary in a magnificent diningroom or drawing-room, while the clerks are stowed away upstairs in the. bedrooms, whw1er the business of the country very naturally goes to sleep. In every detail of this mismanagement there seems to have been displayed the most curious felicity in the art of obstruction. First of all 'we have the multiplication of offices, and the consequent necessity of an elaborate correspondence to accomplish what would be far better done by word of mouth. Then, with 'a noble admiration of work, we have an immense deal of it created out of nothing and for nothingclerks hurrying to and fro with account-books and other documents, here a signature 'wanted, there an extract required, clerks to copy, clerks to docket and register, elerrks to endorse and seal. Lastly, these clerks are shut up in rooms 'where they work at every possible disadvantage. No wonder that the public have cried out against the results of such a miserable system. No wonder that the Government has at last determined to abate the nuisance, and to concentrate the public offices in the neighbourhood of the Palace of Westminster. The committee of the House of Coommons, 'whose report we lately published, was chiefly occupied in considering the expense of such an undertaking. That is, no doubt, a point to be considered, and, with the history of the New Palace before them, the Government are not likely to launch into a 'work of this kind without previously maturing their plans, and without accurately counting the cost. But the fact is that the question of expense is not of so much importance to the public as the doing of the thing itself, and that speedily. A really good building will be cheap at any cost. We do not mean simply that good government is worthi any amount of money; we are paying quite enough for the best govermuent under the sun, but it does not require much consideration to be aware that an enormous amount of needless expense is incurred from 'which there is no escape so long as the present distribution of public Offices continues; while, on the other hand, if much needless expense be incurred in the erection of a suitable edifice, there is at least the prospect of that expenditure coming sooner or later to an end. It has been calculated that the cost of the ground alone, including the purchase of every interest and goodwill, would be notless than 1,500,0001., while that of the buildings would be about 1,000,0001. more. In the former item, however, is included a sum of 250,0001., which in any case has to be expended in the purchase of ground for an approach to Westminster-bridge, and from the latter item must be deducted a sum that shall fairly represent the rents now paid by Government for the different offices which 'would be accommodated in the new building. These rents amount to 22,0001., and at thirty years' purchase are worth 660,0001. The conmmaittee indicates, therefore, that the estimate mrust be considered as reduced by these two sums, which form a third part of it. To what extent it may be still further reduced by the saving of expense in the concentration of offices it is impossible to estimate, although every one admits that it must be consilerable. It is known, for example, that by the consolidation of numerous pay-offices into one PaymasterGeneral's office a saving of about 40,0001. a-year has been effected, and that the work has been very mauch better done into the bargain, At 25 years' purchase, that represents a capital of 1,000,0001., and we have here an earnest of the gain which would accrue to the Treasury by the consolidation of the public departments. The Government must see to it that no needless expenditure is incurred in the erection of the buildings; on them lies the responsibility. But, on the part of the public, we have good ground to say that even a profuse expenditure is better than none at all. It is the least of two evils. The question of cost does not give us so much concern as the character of the buildings themselves. Those who have read the report of the committee will be aware that it is proposed to purchase the property bounded by Richmondterrace, the Irish-office, and Downing-street on the north, New Palace-yard and Great George-street on the south, the Thames on the east, and the Park on the west. Here is certainly a splendid opportunity for an architectural display-an opportunity second only to that afforded by the burning of the Houses of Parliament; and in turning it to account it is not simply our own pleasure that we have to consult, it is not simply our purse that is at stake; the building will be an historical monumient, and not merely a manufactory of State papers; it will be a specimen of London architecture as well as the home of English governnent. In making it worthy of such a destination a suggestion was thrown out by Sir C(JLI.LES TREvELYAw which is worth remembering, even if ultimately it prove to be of no avail. Our architects might obtain some ideas from the original designs of Wliitehall Palace left by LTIco Joxas. Anything liLe a servile copying of the past would be indeed absurd, but the Banquetinahouse is there, and it might be well to make the new buildings harmonize with it.
COUBT CIRCULAR. OBBORNIE, AIUG. 5. HisRoyalHighnessPrince Albert, attended by Captain Da Plat. went yesterday miorning to Portland in the Royal yacht Yictoria and Albert. The Queen, accompanied by the EPrince of 'Wales, Prince Arthur, the Princess Royal, PrincessAlice, and the Dachess of Sent" embarked in the afternoon in the Fairy, and joined the Prince in the Victoria and Albert on his return from Portland. The Royal party landed at Osborne about half-past 7 o'clock.- Major-General Sir Hugh Rose arived yesterday from london on a visit to Her Majesty. Sir George Grey returned to London on Monday night. Deqpatches from the Govemnors of EHon'lkoag, Ceylon, the IlMauntiur, the Cae of Goo Hop)e, and Mata, and also from the Lord High CommnissionLer of the Ionian Islands, were received yesterday at the Colonial-office.
THg COROBATiON OF TIE EMPEROR OF RUSSIA. (OXQI3R X~L1X 003 ?0!XZIONZ3.) BERLIN, A1uG. L In all probability, the ceremonial to be observed at the approaching coronation of the Emperor of Ruzsia will be assimilated as closely as possble to that which was observed at -the coronation of his father, the late Emperor. The following account of the latter will, perhaps, serve in anticipation to give some idea of what the forms and ceremonies will be at the coming coronation. The day even on which the Imperial manifesto -was issued aumouncingthe period of the coronationhas beenthe same in this case as in that of the late Emperor, exactly 30 years ago-viz., May the 3d, in consequence of which the comnittee came together at once, for the arrangement of the details. It is characteristic of the state of the country that in each case the first Bubjectthat pressedupon attention was the means of locomotion for the increased traffic and the increased nulmbers to be expectel; and though, this time, the existence of the railroad to M0oscow relieves the commaittee of one of its most onerous tasks, there remaims the line from Warwaw to Mloscow to be cared for. The number of horses spoLen of as having been provided for the traffic on this road on the former ocmasion is 800 at each post station. The Emperor will repair, on August the 20th, to the Petrowsli Palace, near Moscow, -whence he will make his solemn entry into the ancient capital on the 22d, and the coronation itself will take place on the 31st. The ceremony connected with this solemn entry is the observance, on the grandest scale, of the custom which prevails throughoat the country of presenting the guest just arrived with bread and salt as a token of hospitaLty extended towards him-this custom is called Chtleb-sob, wvhich signifies simply bread ancd salt. On this occasion of the Emperor's solemn entry into Moscow, the (Jhdeb-sob will be presented to him on golden dishes by deputations of thenobility and citizens, drawn up on the open space in front of the Uspezski Sobor, or Ascension Cathedral of the Eremlin, immediately after he leaves the cathedral and is about to enter his own palace. At his first entrance into the fore-court of the cathedral he is received by the entire body of the clergy, the cross is held out to him to kiss, and he isthen introducedinto the building; the first object to which he directs his attention and special reverence are two pictures, the one a very ancient picture of the Saviotur, and the other representing the blessed Virgin of Vladimir, said to be the work of the Apostle and Evangelist St. Luke; the religions service consists only of a short -private prayer, after whEich the E!mperor leaves the cathedral for his own palace. The day of the coronation is proclaimed a few days previously by two heralds attired in the pichturesque costume of the Cort of the ancient Czars; they proceed from the Kremlin and ride through the streets of Moscow, accompanied by theHighMaster of the Ceremonies and the eight Masters of the Ceremonies in Ordinary, all in full dress, wit.h a number of trumpeters and two squadrons of cavalry of the Guards. Where any two streets cross the proclamation is read aloud, and printed copies of it are distributed among the people, who stand there grouped in numerous crowds, or eagerly follow the cavalcade and join their sweet voices with the braying of the trumpets. On the eve of the coronation a special Divine service is performed in all the 293 churhes of the city, while the bells of all are struck continuously; those who cannot at the moment obtain entrance into the church wait patiently and reverentially with uncovered heads outside, until an opportunity offers for their admission, so ihat, however late it may be, they may join in she prayers for a prosperousreignandforablessing ontheImperial couple. The Emperor and Empress themselves attend Divine service, together with the Imperial family, in the Saviour Church, wahich is the church that, properly speaking, belongsto4the Palace; it is also called by the people soloksja rescktotk-a-the golden gate. At this time also the coronation insip,nia are broug,ht into the grand aiicdience saloon of the Palace, and guard held over them there til they are used next day; they consist of the chain of the Order of St. Andrew, the banner of the Empire, the Imperial signet, the Sword of State, the Empress's mantle, the Emperor's mantle, the orb, the seeptre, the smaller and the greater Imperial crowns. On the morning of the day of the coronation 21 guns give the sigaal to the troops to mavch, in part into the Kremlin itself, in part to occupy the approaehes to it; 6,000 persons are admitted to places insicle the cathedral, and their admission commences with early dawn. The common people, the tschoIOrmei unarod, literallv black people, as we should say the great unwashed, are permitted to approach and surround the cathedral, but are not so placed that they can see anything of what goes on inside. If all takes place on this approaching occasion as it was on the Last the Empress Mother will precede the Imperial procession by a few minutes. S3he will walk beneath a canopy, supported on 12 staves, wearing an Imperial fmantle, embroidered with double eagles. She will be surrounded and followed by pages, chamberlains, ladies in waitin.g, &c., and be conducted by the clergy into the cathedraL The procession of the Emperor is opened by gardes dut co:ps, pages, officers of the Cou, deputations from the provincial nobility, heralds, &C. The Emperor himself appears in full General's uniform, and walks in front of the canopy which is borne over the Empress by 16 lieutenant-generals, 16 major-generals holding the cords. The Emperor is surrounded by his sons and his brothers. The troops present as the Imperial procession passes between their ranks, and the highest dignitaries of the church receive them at the door of the cathedral, the Metropolitan of Nlovogorod reaches them the cross to kiss, the Metropolitan of Kieff, bearing an aspersarinon, besprinkles with holy water the ground they ara about to tread on, and the Metropolitan of Moscow receives them vith an address. At the moment of the Imperial couple passing the threshold the choir commence the musical portion of the solemnity. The cathedral, whieh was built by a Greek architect in the 15th century, is very lofty in proportion to its extent; its vaulted roof is supported by four immense columns, which are decorated with fresco paintings of saints the size of life, and with pictures of others attached to the masonry. The walls themselves contain more than 200 figures of saints and scenes from sacred history painted in fresco, so that, on ordinary occasions, the effect of these masses of colour, of gold and silver, is very imposing. The high altar, caUed Iconostass, consists of a screen rhich divides the sanctum from the rest of the bailding, and extends up to the-roof ; on it there are pictures of saints, profusely gilded on five different fields. In addition to the two pictures mentioned above, the cathedral contains another article of some archleological interest-viz., the ancien't chair of the Czars. On the occasion of the coronation, however, three other seats of historical interest will be used. That for the Empress Mother will be the I oldest of them-a stool presented by Shah Abbas of Persia to the Czar Boris Godanoff in the year 1605. It is so covered with gold in sheets as to appear to' be of massive gold, and it is, moreover, riehly decorated -with pearls and precious stones; it has no back to it, and it has all the appearance of an ancient stool. The second seat, destinied for the reig g gEmpress, is called the Golden Throne, andis inform of ahigh-backedearmchair; itis decoratedwith nleiess than 1,500rubies, 8,000 turquoises, two large topazes, and four rare amethvsts. This costly seat dates from the grandfather of Peter the Great, Cz&r MfichaelFeodorovitach. The third, which is, properly speaking, the Emperor's throne, is popularly called the Diamond Throne. It is richly decorated with pearls and precious stones, and was presented to the Czar Alexus MIichaelowitsch, father of Peter the Great, in 1660. On the back of the chair is the following inscription:- F For the powerful and.most invincible Alexis, Emperor of the Muscovites, that reigns prosperously en earth. 3May thisihrone, whichisbuilt with the greatest arb and most refined shill, be a pledge to him of heavenly aud eadhly bliss." The latter two thrones are placed side by side on an estrade opposite the Ieonostass, wi;hsteps covered with velvet leading down to it. The stooton which the Empress Mother sits is placed against orne of the columns, a little to the side, and opposite to it ix the table on which the coronatiQn insignia are laid in prepartion for the ceremony. A the-lA coronation Count Orlof, who at that time commxnded a rsegiment of Cairaers that bdA been 'arranged expresily for the oceasion, had a place Aid li between the Eeats of the Imperial couple, where he stood during the service -with This: zworid dramwn, as if holdi.ng guard'' over this post. of rare distinction the Enperoi had assigned to him for the part he had tikexi in I putting down the then recent insunetion of the nullitasy. The ceremony itvself consiss of coronationi an anointment. After an address Las been deliv'ei by th2highest clerical person present, and a certain Litany has been said or sung, with all due re n0se, the Emperorteated onis throneDoidersthe Apoatles' Creed to be handed to him, and having read it audibly to the end he then proceeds, acewmpanied by the prayers and psalms of the clergy, to indue himself with the insignia of the Imperial power. The three highegt metropolitans present fetch the Emperor's mantle from the table mentioned above, and, with the assistance of certain members of his household, put it round him with the words, "In the name of the Father, of the Son, and the 'oIy Ghost." At the Emperor's command the President of the Imperial Council then brings him the crown. TheEmperorthensetsit himself on his own head, on which the Metropolitan of Moscow addresses him in the following form, which has remained unchanged at all the Russian coronations: "Most pious, most-mighty, and great Emperor of All the Russias,-¶is 'risiole and pplpable ornament whicl mnow adorns thy head is the symbol of the mysterious act by which Jesus Christ, the King of glory, crowns thee ab 'this moment to be the supreme head of the entire Russiat people, and confirms thee by His holy blessing in thy most high and unbounded power over thy subjects." After the sceptre and the orb have been duly 7banded to the Emperor, accompanied by an appropriate address from the 3fetropolitan of Mfoscow, the Emperor seats himself in his fal robes on his throne; his coronation is completed; andthe choir sings, "lDomine, salvum fac Imperatorem !" As soon as this is at an end the Empr r proceeds to crown the Empress, who approaches and stands before his throne; he laysasidehissceptre and orb, and taking his cronvn offhis head he holds it a few seconds over hers, and then resumes it himself; the smalUer crown is then brought and is fastenecd on the Enpress's head by her ladies, and at the same time she is invested with the Tmperial mantle and the collar of the Order of St. Andrew. As soon as she has resumed her seat on her throne the choir com. mences singing 'Domine, salvam facImperatricem," all the beD s are struck, and a salvo of 101 guns i fired. During the music and the salute the Empress MIother first (if she is present) approaches the Imperial couple and congratulates them; she is follov;edintis bythe othermembers of the imperial farmily, and at the same time the clergy, the highest military offiicers, the co7ps diplomatiq2te, and all present give three cheers. &dvtuuzl fac £mylertsto,em follows then and is succeeded by the Russian hymn, Mitrgaja Geta (" Give many long years,") &c. When the congratulations are at an end the Emperor reads aloud a long prayer from a zuissal that is handed to him, after which all present kneel down and repeat a prayer after one of the deacons; and this forms the conclusion of the coronation, properly so called, and the anointment then begins. This is commenced by a To Dcum. The Emperor removes the crown from his head, lays aside the orb and sceptre, and kisses the Gospels,which are handed to him. A crimson carpet with gold border is now laid from between the two Imperial seats down the steps under and behindthe screen, or iconostass, into the sanctum, and on the scarlet carpet a somewhat narrower one of cloth of gold. As soon as the carpets are laid the doors of the screen open, and the metropolitans, in their mitres, appear at them, and a procession forms itself from the thrones to the screen; the high officers who had brought the insignia in procession to the cathedral bear them now again, but walk on the crimson margin left of the carcet; the Emperor and Empress alone walk on the eloth of gold. On arriving at the screen every one steps aside, and the Emperor alone is left in the doorway, when the Metropolitan of Novogorod, who holds the vase with the Chrysarn, dips a golden twig in the holy oil and anoints the Emperor on the forehead, the eyelids, the nostrils, the lips, the ears, andthe breast. While so doing he utters the words, Impressio doni Spirits Sancti, and when he has concluded the 3Ietropolitan of Kieff vipes off the balsam with a napkin. The Empress is also anointed, but only on the forehead, and the Metropolitan of MIoscow officiates with the napkin. While this anointment is going on all the bells are struck again continuously, and another series of 101 guns is fired. The three abovementioned metropolitans now conduct the anointed Emperor through the doors of the screen into the sanctum and place him before the altar; the train of his mantle is now borne by the metropolitans, as no layman is permitted to enter. The Enperor now receives both elements of the Lord's Supper at the hands of the Mletropolitan of Novogorod, another privilege that is accorded only to the Emperor. Thte Empressin the meantime stands outside at the open door, where the saerament is administered to her, but not with the actual elements, but simplyinthe symbolical manner indicated in the mass. This latter part is the moat impressive portion of the ceremony; aperfect silence reigns throughout the vast cathedral, broken only by the low muttering of the metropolitans engaged around the sanctum, and shut out from the sight of the congregation; oultside, however, the bells are clanging loudly, and the window;s of the cathedral rattle with the report of the artillery. And when t,hese bells are struk for the second time the crowd outside know that the Eucharist is being administered to their Elmperor, and every word and gesture is stilled, and during the time of bellssounding and the cannon firing all assembled engage in prayer. When the ceremony of the anointment is over the Imperial couple return to their thrones, resume their insignia, and the Emperor and Empress leave the cathedral by the northern gate, which leads to the graves of the bygone Czars. The Empress Mfother and all the rest of the participators in the ceremony now leavethe cathedral by the door at wlhich they had entered, and repairto the Palace, where they await the return of the Emperor and Empress, who in the meantinie perform their devotions at the graves, and thenceproceed to the Cathedral of the Annunciation. HLere they are again received by the clergy, and again consecrated; the three churches lie very near to each other, and the Emperor and Empress pass from one to another in the same order as in the procession to the first cathedral, with the sole difference that the Emperor is now invested with all his insiania. From the last of the three churches the procession moves to the Granite Palace over the portentous "' Red Steps;" on paSSing these steps a t-hird series of 101 guns proclaims that the coronation is over. At this Granite Palace the Emperor shows himself to the multitude from a balcony, and then proceeds to the coronation banoet, whEich fhrom time immemorial las been held by a , saloon the ceiling of which is supported byasingle column; around this column all thesiLver vessels of the former Czars are arranged, and special thrones erected for the Emperor, Empressa andEmpress Mother. hec w.hole corps diptomatigyze and hut few persons besides, are privileged to ba preent at this banquet. Before the festival conamuences the foeg sesare presente and 6ffea their congratulations, and the medals which commemorate the coronation are distributed. AL, the high officers of tho C 'ourt, the figh Steward, Kc., enter upon -their functions when the Emperor seats himself at the banquet ; the dishes are brought in under escort of officers of the Chevalier Guard )with drawn: sabres, and are presented to the Emperor by the proper officers on their mnees. As soon as the' Emperor asks tD drink for the first time the corps dIOMmtmigsue takes its departure, and those o ly who are so hig bly privlegod scat themselves tops*- take of the banquet.' The members of the Imperialfamiy and the foreign Princes present are seated ii a neighbourin apartent. -llluminations, fireworks, balls, masquerades, and amusements for the people lose the day.
IRELAITND. THE IRISH HEROES OF TIE: CRnIEA. (FROM Om OWN .CORRSPONImrX.') DIUBLIN. TUESDAY MORMfN-aN Tlhe privilege of pronouncing a formal eulogy upon the services of one of the Irish regriments engaged in the recent war has worthily devolved tupon the Earl of Carlisle. His Excellency is topresent, in the name of the Queen, a stand of colours to the 18th (Royal Irish), in lieu of those honoiurably ragged banners which they carried into Sebastopol on the 18th of June last year. The old colours of tthe regiment are to be deposited with solemn triumph in St. Patrick's Cathedrl, as wYorthy trophies for the example of succeeding generations of Irishmen. The whole ceremony, it is said, will be conducted on a scale of splendour which cannot fail to gratify the national vanity, at present unnecessarily irritated by well-meant bat injudicious re.ilections upon the honours paid by the people of -ogland to their national corps. The reception given by the citizens of Sheffield to the Rtoyal Irish :Dragoon Guards does not look as if John Bull meant o monopolize in his own person the rwhole glory of the wvar in the East. TE NAVAL SQUsAROX AT QMEONSTOWN. This morning's accounts from Cork announce that at about 4 o'clock on Saturday evening the squadron which left Queenstown about a fortnight since arrived in the harbour, and came to anchor in pretty nearly the same positions they had occupied before. It appears ,that their cruise has been, not towards the west of Ireland, as was thought, but in the Bay of Biscay. During the whole of Sunday crowds poured down in every successive train and ateamer to visit those noble specimens of naval architecture, and were received with great politenems on board the Duke of Wellington, which, f-om the repute of its stupendous dimensions, proved the principal object of attraction. A large number of the sailors and marines got " liberty," and went ashore in every kind of marine con- 'veyance. THE POTATO. The Cork Fxaminoe-a careful and reliable authority upon the subject-supplies the following information respecting the state oi the potato crop in that extensive district:- .' With regard to this crop we have had information from the districts of Kenmare, Bantry, Skibbereen, Idillstreet, Clonakilty, and Bandon. Between Cork and the latter town we can state, from personal observation, that everything is as promising as could be wished, bat that between Clonabilty and Bandon there is considerable evidence of blight to be seen. In no cases, however, that we have observed has the disease gone to any greater extent than .the blackening of the leaves. In the immediate neighbourhood of the town of Kenmare we learn that the crop is quite healthy, but between that and Bantry evidences of disease have appeared. Again, about Bantry there are no indications w atever of blight, while between that town and lkibbereen, and in the immediate neighbourhood of Skibbereen, considerable manifestations of disease have appeared. About Milltreet nothing, we are told, could be finer or zmore healthy than the appearance of the crop." THE MRDEnR AT FESISOY. Charles M'Cready, the soldier who was convicted iast week at Cork Assizes of the wilful murder of Sergeant 'Guinny, of the 68th Light Infantry, was yesterday afternoon put forward to receive sentence. The prisoner was perfectly calm and unmoved. B3aron Greene, in a touebing address, pronounced the last judgment of the law. During the course of the delivery of the sentence the prisoner seemed to be the only person in the court unaffected by the solemnity of the occasion and the touching address of the learned Judge, who himself was deeply moved during its delivery. At its conclusion the prisoner-, without assistance, steppedlightly and ~ninly from the place where he had stood, and waas immediately conveyed to the county gaol, where lhe will await his execution. The usual formnality of wearing the black cap was dispensed with by the learned Judge on this occasion. It is understood -'hat the execution is to take place on Monday, the 22d of September. THE F1UNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 95o i; ditto, for account, August 12, 953; ditto, for new account, September 12, S6l; New Three per Cent. Stock, 95i 96; ditto, for account, August 12, 96; Dublin and Kingstown Railway 3)ebentures, 4 per cent. of 1001., 100; National Bank of Ireland (221. lOs. paid), &3f; Dublin and Liverpool Steambip Bilding Comp ay (501. paid), 46. Railways-Belfast an BYlymena (501. paid), 531; Dablin and Kingstown, half shares (8S. 15s. paid), 17; Dublin and Wicklow (101. fd), 6;-; Great Southerm and Westen (501. paid), 91; 'tto, for account, 59A; ditto, 4 Per cent. preference (1k. paid), 12A; Irish Souih-Eastern 12. paid), 7,- ditto, for account, S 7f; Midland Great Western and ioyal 6anal paid), 55; ditto, balf shares (251. paid), 27T #; aterford and Kilkenny, new6 per cent. preference (al. paid), 4; Waterford and Limenck (501. paid), account, -230 A ; ditto, ditto, 5 percent. preference (501. paid), 46O; ditto, 6 per cent. preference (101. paid), 10.
EXECUTION. LEWES, AUGUST 5. The extreme penalty of the law in the case of Murdock, for the murder of the Hastings gaoler, Wellerd, was carried into effect to-day at 12 oclock at the east end of the county ;gaol. Very strong sympathy was manifested in his behalf, and the recommenation of the jury for mercy, on the vound that they did not believe it was the culprit's intention to commit murder, but merely to incapacitate the gaoler Erom making any resistance to his escape from custody, met with general approval. The magistratis of the district memnorialized Sir .Seorge Grey, but, failing in their object, anather memorial was subsequently sent from the inhabitants of Lewes, bearing the signatures of between 150 and 160 in- uential person;, including those of six clergymen; and also one signed by the jury (the twvo latter being forwarded no late as Saturday), and to which w ere added other efforts of a prirate nature. All these attempts to arrest the judgment of death provedfruitless, the decision arrived at by the authorities at the Home-office having been taken after the deepest reflection, and founded on the most nrgent considerations of public justice. Since the culprit's condemnation, on the 16th of July, the demeanour of the convict in prison has been in every way befitting his awful position, and the spiritual efforts of the chaplain, the Rev. P. Barnett, have had the effect of producing a repentant feeling in the culprit's mind. At times he exhibited signs of intense grief; and in reference to the murder, although he admitted the deed, he has always qualified it by saying he had no intention to take the old man's life. On Saturday last his mother znd stepfather visited him, and the meeting and separation was a painful scene. At the hour appointed for the execution there were not more than from 1,500 to 2,000 persons present to witness it, consisting of the usual class to be seen on such occasions. Previous to the process of pinioning the unhappy man expressed his gratitude for the kindness that had been shown him duin his incarceration, and took an affectionate farewell of the chaplain, governor, the undersheriffs and officials, sharing them warmly by the hand. He then walked with a firm step across the prison-yard, and ascended the scaffold without assistance. He took a slight g ce at the people, but made no attempt to speak; and, being placed in proper position, Calcraft put on the white cap, adjusted the rope, and then withdrew the bolt. The appy man appeared to die almost without a struggle.
THE CnLsSg TEA CROs.-The present season is admitted on all sides as most favourable to the crops of native produce. We have seen that silk is in full average supply, and we learn from all those who are best inforned on the subject that the crop of tea is not Jkely to be less ~han an average one, although the usual rumours are in circulation among a certain class of interested natives that the sutpply v,ill be short. In " short crops" of tea, however, we think that none of our readers are likely to place much confidence; and while we continue to pay such prices as have ruled everywhere in China during the season which ss now drawing to a close (and which season will show in its usual statistics an export to all parts of the West considerably in excess of the demand) we need not fear a dearth of the article, even should the crops be deficient. From Fuhchau we learn that the opening Prices for tho new crop of eongou are 3 to 4 taela higher than those of last sason, and from Ho Khow and other black tea districts the opening rates are quoted higher, while from the Woo Yuen (Moyane) and Tai Ping green tea districts we are informed that 15 to 20 per cent. more is being paid than last season; and several natives who left this city for the purpose of buying green teas have in consequence of the high rates, abandoned the idea. l'n the Ping Sney districts also, the advance is aboutl5 per cent., but tho entire production of the latter is small compared with other distncts, and wiU not perhaps exceed 60,000 or 70,000 packasthis year, so far as we are able to learn. With these reports,which come direct to the tea men, it is net surprising (ifthey'themselves believe them) that they should od the old stock (:hich is now estimated at about 40,000 packages of black ant45,C00 of green) for higher prices than are offered. Yet, -i. find at the end of almost every season a larg quantity of teSheld over for rates whieh are never obtained, and which is e>'?ntually sold at disastrous npice s,and reaches its destination ore t;r condition. Such will undoubtedly be the case this year also; but it is much to bs re. gretted that shipments of such refuse crop, which is chiefly of the mosttrashy Innd, are sent forward, as they too fre. quently are, on Chinpse account, to markets where thoy come into competition with good 9ualities, are sold at any. thing they will realize, and ever afterwards become a drug in the narket, swelling the statistics of stocks; while it is notorious, beth in England and America, that no *nou siderable portion of the stocks conats of trash called tea and which is wholly unfit for use. In our Last isse wo alluded to the movement of the insugents in KiagaSi twhich information has since been confirmed),and itmay hence be argued that they il seriously interfere with the prenaration of tea; but, while we are willing to adnit that an1 f,aat particular province such may possibly ho the case, we weetd warn. our readers at a distance to place no reliance on the old cry of " Short crop of tea," and, when sutch an event should occur, to bear mn mind that any deficiency needed to be supplied for foreign export would no' bs long in forthcoming ironm the quantity prepared for the home consumption of 350,000,000 of peopile, weho, on the lowest estimate, consulme 41b. of tea per annum, or e9ual to 3,400,O00,OOOlb., 5 per cent, which would at any time increae our total foreign excorts more than 50 percesnt.- ZHortIe U,ins Herald, may 3
- MILITARY ad NKAYAL ITEBLLIEBNOB. - The 3d battaiioni of the Rifle Br'gade arnved-at Aldershott on Monday from Portsmouth. The regiment consists of 25 offioers aid S21. men, under the command of Colonel Horsford, C.B. The 41st Regiment, composed of 26 officers and 640 men, under the command of Colonel Godwin, left Aldershott on Monday for Dover. The 44th Regiment, consisting of 33 officers and 710 men, under the command of Colonel Staveley, have left Aldershott for Dover. The 97th Reginent, consisting of 25 africers and 737 men, under the command of Colonel Ingram, have left Aldershott for Portsmouth. We learn by electric telegraph that Her Majesys steam frigate Dragon, 6, Captain Stevens, C.B., arrived at Spithead last night from Balaklava, Malta, and Gibraltar with the following officers and men of the Royal Engineers - Majors Robertson and Cook; Captains Stopford, Brine, and Cumberland; Lieutenants Lennox and Gossett; Surgeons Hepworth, Morris, and Bailey; and Lieutenant Grinburton of the 4th (King's Own) Regiment of Foot. This officer was made Assistant-Engineer on the day of his arrival in the Crimea, in the early part of 1I55, and was employed in the siege works. He has since been constantly eigaged in taking surveys of the whole of the country occupied by the aDies. 224 non-commissioned officers and men of the Royal Sappers and Miners also came home in Her Majestys ship Dragon. Her Majests steam-sloop Argus, 6, Commander Purvis, arrived at Spithead last evening from Hlifax, which she left on the 18th of July. Her M3ajesty's ship Nile arrived from Engiand a few hours before. On the 28th of July, in lat. 50 1., long. 34 W., she exchanged signals with the screw-steamer Glasgow, steering to the westward. On the 30th sbe passed a large red-funnelled steamship, supposed to be the Asia, outward bound; Aug. 2, in lat. 50 N., long. 14 W., passed the Spanish brig Oquendo, standing to the south-west, and the English ship Countess of Sandon, of Plymouth; Aug. 4, off Scilly, passed Her iMajesty's ship Meander, steering westward; and yesterday morning, at 6 a.m., off Portland, passed a large screw steamship with troops on board. Our Portsmorth correspondent states that no moss troops are to be sent to Aldershott witbiout orders from H3er Majesty. The Argo steam-transport arrived at Spithead on Monday night from the East, with Colonel A. Spottisaood, 1st (King's) Dragoon Guards; Captain G. Poynter, ditto; Lieutenants J. H. Anderson and S. Pearson, ditto; Cornet R. A. L. Grows, Paymaster W. Smith, Adjutant and Cornet D. WaLl, Quartermaster J. Bradubry, Veterinary Surgeon IL Sewell, 116 horses, and 20 men, d'itto; aud the Rev. Mr. Southwell. The Argo left Bala. klava on the 24th of May, with the I and P batteries of the Royal Artillery on board, and proceeded as far as the Island of Marmora, when a collision occurred with a French line-of-battle ship, which obliged the Argo to return to Constantinople and transfer the batteries to the steamship Medway. Although the damage sustained was very extensive, the repairs were completed in less than three weeks, when she again proceeded to Bala'lava, in time to receive the cavalry remaining (after the place had been handed over to the Russians), Major-General Garrett, and 23 head-quarter staff-officers. Sinceleavingths Crinea scarcely other than headwinds and calms were experienced; and when nearing the chops of the Channel so thick a fog was met with as to oblige the engines to be stopped and fog bells to be sounded for some hours. The troops wi disembark at Portsmouth this day. On Mronday evening, while the Argo was going np to Spithead, the Queen and Court went up alongside in the Victoria and Albert. Her Majesty most graciously inquired of Captain Benson after the welfare of the troops. The Argo in the meantime hoisted the allied ensigns at her mastheads, and, with the troops ranged along the bulwarks, manned her lower rigging, and gave the Qaeen such a cheering as soldiers and sailors are alone capable of. The Queen, Prince, andRoyal familyacknowledged the greetingmostgracionsly, and appeared muah pleased with the very creditabDle manner in which the salute was executed. Besdes the passengers named above the Argo brought, from Balaklava, Major P. L. Ross and Captains W. J. Broke and J. Gordon, of the Staff; Cornet C. Godfrey, of the Land Transport Corps; Mr. W. B. Sisson, of the Post-office; Mr. H. Suter, interpreter; M. Alexis Soyer, 59 men, and 110 horses of different regiments and corps, all of whom landed at Constantinople. For Malta she brought Deputy.Commissary.General F. T. Carpenter, five men and five horses ofdifferent regiments. For Gibraltar, three men of different regiments and five horses. From Malta for Gibraltar, Captain C. H. Dowker, 1st Royals, one private, andone horse. FromBalaklava for England, Major-General R. Garrett, LH.; Lieutenant-Colonels H. Smith, H. Mh. Hamilton, and G. H. S. Willis, of the Staff; Majors G. F. Dallas, C. F. T. Daniell, and R. B. Hawley, of the Staff; Captains B. S. Baynes, C. S. PAlister, and R. Maule, ditto; Staff-Surgeon It. Templeton, M.D.; Staff Assistant-Surgeon W. Stockwell; Lieutenant G. A. Maddoek, 11th Hussars; Veteriary Surgeon G. Fleming, Land Transport Corps; and 91 men of different regiments, and 51 horses. The steam-transport Pacific arrived at Spithead yester. day from the East, bringing Mrs. Cox and servant, Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, eaptain Herbert, R.N..; Major Cox, Assistant Quartermaster-General; Major Ireland, Assistant-Adjutant-General; Captains MI'Gowey, Banks, Ines, Harris, Delamere, and Chapman; Lieutenants Faulkner, Cusack, Lander, Keogh, Hallowes, Sewell, and Edwards; Cornets Astley, Nelson, Adams, Pottinger, Ross, Taylor, Cooper, Keogh, Cols, Armstrong, Clark, and M'Kenzio; Adjutant Thompson, Paymasters Brown and Faraday, Staff Assistant-Surgeon Wood, Acting AssistantSurgeon Sharpes, Veterinary Surgeons Burr, Paton, and Moir, Quartermaster Stalford, War-office Clerks M'Leod and Castledine, and 652 men of the Laud Transport Corps. The steam-transport Australian arrived at Spithead yesterday morning from the East, with 195 men of the land Transport Corps, 246 men of the Army Works Corps, 27 officers, 6 horses, and 306 tons of cargo, consisting of ord. ance stores, &c. The Chasseur steam-transport arrived at Spithead yesterday with stores from the East. The steam-transport Clarendon arrived at Spithead yesterday from the East with :112 staff-officers' horses. The passengers who came from the East by the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamiship Euxine, which has arrived at Southampton, have sent an address to her commander, Captain Kellock, expressing their entire satisfaction at tho solicitude displayed by him for their comfort and accommodation during the voyage. The invalids who were on board also sent a letter to Dr. Law, the medlcal officer, thanking him for his great kindness and attention to them. A detachment of the 2d Dragoon Guards will leave Liverpool for Dblin to-day or to-morrow, in the steamer Prince and Princess. Idistrict court-martial, presided over by Lieutenant. Colonel A. Anderson, Royal Marines, assembled yesterday at Chatham barracks for the trial of WilliamDowell, a private inthe 32d Regiment, on the extraordinary charge of having deliberately blownY off his right hand with his m-sket, with the view of being disebarged from the service. The prisoner, who, since he has been in the regiment, bore a good character, was tried some time ago on a charge of desertion-having been absent from his regiment only two hours -and sentenced to a term of imprisonment. The apparent hardship of his panishment preyed very much on his mind, and on the morning of the 5th of May last while at Chatham lbarraexs, he rose between 3 and 4 o'clock, and, Without disturbing any of his comrades asleep in the barrack-room, provided himself vith 10 rounds of ammunition and baDl, after which he loaded his musket with two balls. He then placed his right hand over the muzzle and discharged the piece, when his hand was so frightfully shattered that, on being taken to the hospital, it was found necessary to amputate his hand abovo theo wrist. On recovering he was ordered to be brought before a courtmartial for triaL The sentence of the court will not be kmown until it has been confirmed at the Horse-Guards, but it is believed that he will not be discharged from the army. A short time ago a soldier chopped off one of his fingers at Chatham Barracks, hoping thereby toobtain his discharge. The 8th company of the Royal Sappers and Mnaers, numbering 120 men of all ranks, umder the command of Major F. H. Do Vere, Lieutemant P. HL Scratchley, and Lieu. tenant B. H. Courtney, left Chathan yesterday for Ports. mouth, where they are to be stationed. Tho head-quarters staff and about 300 men of the 5th Dragoon Guards (Carabineers), embarked yesterday onr board the Blenheim, East Indiamar, for Calcutta, for service in India. The regiment returned from the Crimea about three months since. The Firebrand, 6 guns, paddle-wheel steam frigate, Captain the Hon. John W. S. Spencer, has been paid off at Sheerness. The Persia, 12-gun sloop, recently ordered to be brouglht forward for commission, has been taken out of the fitting basin, Sheerness, and placed at harDour moorings. The 4-gun store-ship Tyne sailed yesterday from-Woolwich, to take in victualling stores at Deptfort, prior to departure for the Isle of Ascension and South Americ, The sailing transports James Watt, No. 162, and the flar, Neo. 121 C, have arrived at Woolwich with Ordnance stores, from Balaklava. The s,team transport Emperor lefb Woolvich yesterday morning, having been discharged the Govemnment ser. vice. The East Anglian steam transport having Deenengaged for time past in the employ of the authorities of Woolwich Arnal, is also discharged the service, and is to bo speedily replaced by a new steamer, -hich is being built for the speial parpose of the department, The following appointments were made at the Admiralty yesterday:- I. P. De Frautzow, commander, to the Conqueror; J S. A. Demns, commander, to the O2sar; B. G. Rtowles, lieutenant, to the Cressy; Thomas Kerr, master, to the ctzeon ; R. J. Barrett, master's assistant, to the Osborne; and John IL Ellis, master's assistant, to the Actmon the 11ev. J. Lugg to bs chaplain and instructor to the Ai3h. flyer; H. x. Banks, surgeon, to thle Edinbh Augstus I Slight, surgeon, to the Retribution; W. "'.oott, to the IVictory; B?enry Harican, assistant surgeon, to the Edinburgh; and W. Blackeney, clerlk, to the Actneon.
RELrGIOUS TOLERATION. TO TME EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The late Treaty of Paris has bound the Sovereigns of Christendom as well as the Sultan to the observance of religious toleration. Prince Metternich declared some years ago that he never would again take the trouble of drawing up another treaty,-first, becuse none were observed, and, secondly, because while in former times men guided events, in these latter times events carried away men. Lord John Russell said of the Treaty of Vienna, which was boasted of by Lord Aberdeen, that it was not worth the parchment on -which it was vritten; and whoever examnines into the state of religions toleration in Christendom will find that the Treaty of Paris is just as great a piece of impos,turo as the other treaties to which I have referred. About two years ago the Papal paper in France, the Vnlimevr, lamented that there had not been faith enough in the Papacy at the time of the Reformation to burn Luther, Calvin, and the other reformers, as was done with Huss, Jerome, Zisca, and others; and has ever since maintained that aU Protestants ought to be externinated by fire and sword; and that Popish sovereigns were bound so to aet. In the course of lastyear application was made to the Pre. fect of Montauban by the Papists to put up a statue of the Virgin, iLi honour of the imramaculate conception, in front of the Protestant church. The Prefect replied that if he did se it would be considered as an insult to the Protestants, and would give rise to disturbances whenever the Protestants came out of their church; and that there .ras no necessity for the Papists selecting that site, inasmuch as they had an eminence of their own not far off, with which they might do as they pleased. Upon this being reported to Paris that Prefect was dismissed from his post. In Bavaria at the present moment Dr. Allioli4 who was appointed to administer the diocess of Augsburg on the death of the Bishop last year, proceeded to prosecute five priests because they-maintained that which Dr. Allioli also maintained in the notes to the Bible which he wrote, and which have the sanction of the Holy See, that the Church ought to he--although she only falsely assumes that she issemper eadem, and have the same organization and practices which she had at her commencement-opinions which are entertained by all learned men, as may be seen in Mr. Stanley's recent work on the Epistle to the Corinthians. One of these priests will be excommunicated in a few days, three others in a month afterwards, and one is- in prison, by. the authority of the ecclesiastical power, using the civil power to enable it to enforce its decrees. In BohemiaThe people are of the same savage and super. stitions spirit that they were in the days of the Reformation and the Roman clergy have wholly failed to civilize them' even if they have not fomented their bad passions. The priests do not disguise their wish to exterminate aU the Protestants; and the latter aro actuated by quite as bad a spirit towards the former. The cruelty of their ecclesiastical courts is as great'as at any of the worst periods of the Inquisition, and is exercised without mercy upon every one of their own body who falls under their suspicion. Of this I wll give you one example. About 14 years ago a priest, nam.ed Borzinsky, who was professor of theology in the 'University of Prague, as Huss also had been, expressed himself dissatisfied with certain points in the Papal system. This system, so far as thoughts are concerned, is portioned out between doctrines, discipline, and pious opinions, in the latter of which classes are all such questions as praying to the saints, credibility of miracles, holy costs, blinking sta. tues, &c. For some time he was confined in a convent in Prague, and this coming to the ears of some ministers in Wurtemberg, Baden, and Munich, they examined into his case, and found nothing reprehensible in him. In order to escaoe from his persecutors he declared that he desired to be-come a Protestant, and in order to do this certain legal forms are necessary to be gone through,h On this the priests who confined him declared he had gone out of his mind, and removed him into aplaceto sleep adjoiningthe cloaca of tho convent, where the stench was offensive to the last degrec, in order, as he properly says, that they might thereby cause his death. No one now knows where he is. But this is not all. A Protestant workman in the town feU into conversation with two priests, they commencing. not he. Nothing that was supposed to be of any importance passed between them; but a few days afterwards two Dominican monks, in whose hands the office of the Inqui. sition always is, caUed upon this Protestant, seized and read all the books and papers in his room, of which there were but few, and threatened him with all their vengeance if ever he again conversed with any priest on religious sub. jects.. In Vienna the Concordat lately entered into is considered to be voz et pretera 7ikit. It has disgusted 'the Roman Catholics so much that great numbers are declaring themselves Protestants in order to escape from the tyranny of the priests. Even the Augsbus-9 Gazete has lanuhed at it, by publishing a late decree of the Emperor, i. which he de- ares that the Coneordat " shall be carried into effect so far as the laws of the Austrian empire permit," and these last words were printed in italics. Itisimpossiblethatmankind should stand mnuchlongerthe continual betrayal of their- oaths, treaties, and promises b the Sovereigns of Christendom. The only way in whic they can give and insure toleration is to take away from all ecelesiastics every privilege, right, power, and jurisdiction which they enjoy over and above their felow-citizensfor the civil Governments are endangering their own safety by giving to the priests the powers which in all times they have used with cruelty. The P Dal power was to have been secularized at the treat^y o Laybach, had not a mere mistake preventedit. The civilpower must come forth as the protector of its subjects against priestly tyzanny. This is a common object, and if Austia is wise, she will not allow France and England to he alone in pro. claiming this liberty throughout Christendom, and they must all bein at Rtnme VIATOR. DrEsden, July 80.
LORD PALMiSTONq AT MAUNCHESTR.-The very capacious, substantial, and excellently adapted new buildine - erected, and just completed, for the Manchester Mechanics' Institution is to be opened on Tuesday, the 9th proximo, with an exhibition, including statuary, pictures, various fine art manufactures, and a large collection of machinery in motion. The Manchester Mechanics lInstitution was the first to establish exhibitions of industry and art, all of which have been highly successfuL It is expected that the 6clat of the opening on this occasion will be greatly increased from the fact that Lord Palmerston has 'romised to attend and deliver the iaugural address. Several other popular members of the Legisature and literay men are aiso expected. It is intended also to hold an evening meeting in connexion with the inauguration, at which Lord Palmerstan has promised to be present. Only season ticket-holders are to be admitted to tho inaugural ceremony and to the evening meeting. The exhibition will remain open six months ane the charges for admission will be such as to permit the visits of allce1asses oi the dense industil populatien of the district. The exhibition is in bilding fund, t new building bemg certainly the largest of the kind that has ret beea erected in the kingdom. During his stay in Idanchester lLord Palinerston, who now visits it for the first time, will be the guest of Sir Benjainu Heywood, Bart., at Claremont. REPIER NTAATOiw oF M tALDoN.-No fewer than five gentleman have already announced their intention of contesting this borough at the next general election, namely -Mr. Peacock and Mr. Bramley Moore, the present members (both Conservatives)- Mr. Thomas Sutton Western, of Kelvedon; Mr. 3. 3. hechi, of Tiptree-hall; and Mr. M'Enteer, the barrister, all Liberals, Dy.A :BY MAssneRY AT SHErFmF .-The facts of the frightful death of a youngwoman, by her clothes becoming entangled with a shaft of the steamn machinery, on the premises of Messrs. Hutton and Sons, silver-platers (mentioned in De Times of yesterday), were that day investigated by a coroner's iury, and the result was to satisfy them that the accident occurred from the shaft not being sufficiently protected. It was stated ia evidence that about 12 months aNo a similar accident occurred to a woman engaged in pelihing silver goods, and who after being drawn Tromd the revol"ig shaf escaped with life, though very much maimed. Messrs. Hutton at that time consu;ted an engineer namcd Calow, as to whether some plan could not be devised to protect the silver olishers, whose petticoats as they stand at the workboard fall vwithina few inches of the revolving shaft. It wa proposed to box off the shaft, but to this it was objected by the workwomen themselves that it would cause them great inconvenience every time they had to throw off or put on the band connecting each polishing lathe, with the shaft. As a sort of compromise between adequate protection or none at all, a red of irong the rent of the workboard and about 14 inches from the ground so as to keep the petticoats of the women from contact with the sbaft, but the present sad accident had shown that this wa far from an elcient or Inpr prc*tection. and Messrs. Ruttonjuinmediately a£ter it had occurrod, orderedtlieshaft. ing in all their workl=oms to be completely boxed off. It was stated during the inquiry that, in all the other silver or Britannia-metal works in Sheffield where women are em. ployed in polishing those waes the shafting is without even the alght protection of the crcssba of iron which proved so inadequateoin this case. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death," and added an expression of their opinion that in all similar mamfactories where women are employed the enginle-shfts -with which theLr clotheg are liale to come in coatact should bne boarded off.
1BOFAA SUARBY GARDBs. The deat which attendea the inisuguration festival seems not to have been a mere temporary triumph, but the forerumer of prosperity to come. Ever since the gardens were opened at the charge of is. entrance, the public has floclced to them in crowds, and the splendid new music-hall has been fided with delighted auditors. The concerts, under 3L Julliens dirction, are conducted in his nsual mannerthe coimpositions of thxe great masters not being forgottbr in the midst of. things more ephemeral. * last night there was a striking novelty in the first appearauce of the Zouave Tru-mpeters, who have already acquired such fame, and whose performances are especiay adapted to the audiences that congregate in the Surrey Gardens. The quadrille entitled "TheZouaves,"compcsedby 11 . JulTien, for the purpose of introducing these picturesque waTrior-musician, is ingeniously contrived sc as to bring into marked prominence the three or four notes they are able to Produce upontheir "clairons," and in variations Upon which consist their several cals and flourishes. We have the "roll-call," the "rcrei4," the "'march," the 6"bivouac," the "rdtile," " aiarme," compressed into a Petit drsnc musicaZR, the effect being greatly -heightened by the skilful colouring of the orchestra, which, of course, represents the body and framework of the whole. The impression created by the Zonaves last night-by their personat appearance, scarcely less than by their mnsical "lfanfarcsP-was unmistakable. Theinstant they madotheir appearance, in their familiar costume-forming gradually as it were in line at the further extremity of the platform -tho appla-se began, .and became more and more enthusiastic until they were regularly stationed and the music had commenced. At the end of the quadrire the acclamations were unanimous. A cry for " God save the Qaeen " .was then quicldy responded to by IL Jullien; and to our owrn national anthem, as a matter of course, succeeded "Partant pour la Syrie." Thus the success of the Zouave Trumpeteis and the new quadrille was in every way complete. At the same tilme we thik that even a maore imposing display niight be made -were our fiercely harmonious allies placed in front, instead of at the back, of the orchestra. The concert was altogether ercellent, and afforded unqualified satisaction to the enormaous crowd assemblev in the music-halL Movements from gymphories by Mendelssohn and Beethoven, the overture to Ngmnont, &c., were agreeably contrasted wvith a brilliant selection of quadrillez, waltzes, and polkas. There was also, among otherpieees, one of the violoncello solos of Servais, eseauted with surprising talent by a very youthful performer, I. Ernest Demunck, son of the late eminent Belgian violoncellist, who promises to rival, if not surpass, his father. The "selection"from Verdi's Troratorc equally merits notice, on account of the finished playing of ALM. Xsnig, Lavigne, Reichert, and Hughes on the cornet, oboe, flunt, and ophicleide. The vocai music offered considerable interest. Madame Rndersdorff gave "Robert toi que j'aime," with singular intensity, and was encored, while the melodious and graceful evening prayer of Samuel (from Mr. Costa's Eli) was sung with appropriate and charming simplicity by Miss Kate Ranoce, the promising deblutantc of whom we have already spoken. 'Besides these Signor Ferrari and Mademoissele Jessy Rols were announced to sing later in the evening. A choral performance is to take place on Saturday, when a selection of madrigals and part songs wvll constitute a principal feature of the programme.
ASTLEY'S AMPHTHEATRE. Legitimacy wanders into strange places nowadays, but perhips, of all wondrous migrations the most astodnishing is that of Riclard III. to the boards of Astley's Amphitheatre. Shakspeares play as mofdified by Cibber is, in. deed, further modified to meet tho exigencies of equestrian dramn, and three acts do tho work of five, but, nevertheless, the chief situations are preserved, and the original Ianguage is spoken by the personage;. Of course as much is made as possible of the events osL Bosworth-field, and the death of "White Surrey," who falls umder his master, in the midst of a combat against superior numbers is a most striking equestrian incident. Thze field of battle at the end with the dead horses dispersed about the stage, is admirably contrived, and the docihty of the stud is shown by the pertinacity with which they retain the semblance of death, while the swords of Eichard and Richmond are clashing over their heads. Mr. Holloway, who usually does "first businoss" at this establishment, plays Richard in a style which shows that he is fully aware of his increased responsibilities, for all the speeches associated with the names of so many great actors are preserved intact. *While he shows a fair knowledge of the tradition he abstains from that exuberant rant which might have been expected under ths circumstances, and his performance may altogether be pronounced most creditable.
THE ConirESe STBrE AT BAitNSLE;y.-A large open air meeting of the colliers of th:s district and the inhabitants of Barnsley was held on lMayday-green on Monday night, for the purpose of considering the dispute betweenthe workmen employed in the Oals Colliery and the proprietors, with regard to which reports have appeared in the newspapers. The following are the grounds of dispute --The bed of coal worked in this mine is known as the Barnsqley bed. It averages 9 feet in depth, and coese.] quently there is a 1we escape of sulphuretted hydrogen, which requires a careful ventilation. Recently the proprietors have appointed a new underviewer, who nas made some alterations in the workings. The miners, timorous from an explosion that occurred in 1847, and by which about S0 lives were sacrificed, struck work on account of a slight explosion that took place and from want of confidence in the new steward. 'fhe meeting was numorously attended. On the motion of M1r. J. Senior, Mr. J. Barlow took the chair. Mir. G. Thompson proposed the first resolution. He contended that but for a provideatial interposition the explosion in the pit on the 2d of July would hava neetrated into the old workings anid sacrificed the 'lives of 300 men, and blamed the Government inspector for delaying his visit to the pit *ntil the proprietors had time to put it in a proper state. He concluded by moving the first resolution:-' That this meeting is of opinion that no employer is justified in exacting labour from those in his employment under circumstances which endanger the life of the workmen." The motion was then seconded by Mr. J. Senior, and carried by acclamation. A resolution was next agreed to-" That the miners in The Oaks Colliery bein justified in turning out, this meeting pledges itself to afford its moral and pecuniary support to the men on strike until they shall have brought their pra,iseworthy strug,gle to a successful termination." Mfr. G. TLhompson then brought under the notice of the meeting a series of by-laws under which the men in the Oaks Colliery would be compelled to work in the mine for 12 hours a-day, and concluded by movinm the following resolution:-"That this meeting cannot alow the present oppQrtunity to pass without expressing its strong disapproval of those rules recently issued by the proprietors of the Oaks Colliery which relate to the number of hours the men are required to work in the pit; that the compelling of the miners to work 12 hours per day in the pit is calculated to deprive themis of that relaxaLtion so necessary to those whose work is so laborious and exhaust. ing, and the moral disadtvantages of wich car,not he compensated by any benefit theymay receive." The motion waWs seconded by MIr. A. S. Constantine, and, like the others, carried unanimously. ASYLUm FORc FATBERLESS GEiLDlRE.-The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new Asylum for Fatherless Children at Stamford-hill, was performed yester- I day by the Lord Mayor, assisted by Mr. Medhi. the Lord Mayor elect, Mr. Sheriff Rose, Mr. Alderman Wire, the Marquis of Townahend, and a large number of the corporation. Tho proposed asylum is situate at Stoat's-nest, inthe neighbourhond of Croydon, on as. estate purchased by the society. It is intended to accommodate between 200 and 300 children, the present number being 120. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone took place in the presence of a large numbor of visitors. After the accustomed ceremonies, and the adjustment of the stone by tho Lord Mayor, his Lordship made an appropriate address, in which he earnestly appealed to the public sympathy in favour of the asylum. Eo said that, in his opjion, it was the duty of those who had been blessed by a bountiful Provfdence with the good things of this life to assist the poor, and, above all, to place the fatherless orphans, who were left, as ii were, a legacy upon the country, in such a position that, by the exercise of their own honest industry, they might not only obtain alivelihood but perhaps hereafter rise to positions of eminence, and be enabled to extend the hand of charity to those who might hereafter be circumstanced as they rLo wwere. A number of ladies, following in procession, then deposited pnrrs of 54 5s. each, in aid of the donation upon the stone. The proceedings concluded with the national anthem, the whole company joining in chorus. Alter the comoletion of the ceremony the company partook of a &ld collation, at which the Lord Mayor presided. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts were drank; and the Rev. S. W. Aveling road the list of donations, among which were,-The Lord Mayor, 20 guineas; Sir S. If. Peto, 2.50 guineas; Dr. Reed, 100 guineas; Messrs J. Fineh, W. Collimn, W. Monk, 3.3J. Tanner, W. D. Alexcander, W. Dudley, W. Dobinson, A. Grove, Alderman WVire, S. Morley, J. W. AvelinA, and S. Parkinson, 100 guineasi each. The E:arl of Ducie 5 guiineas, Mr. 3. Tydiatt 50 guineas, Mr. Mechi 10 gaineas, Sic. The total amount of the subacriptious an-q nounced wVAS 2,500l. THE SUIOrDE AT WALToN-o2;-TE-NAzg,A-The inquest en the bedy of Miss Emma Snell, who lately drovinedherself inthe sea atWalton-on-the-N.ase,Essex,was held on Thursday evening at the Porto Bele Inn. From the evidence of Bates and SaUows, tlie attendantsof the machines, it appeared that on discovering what theY supposed to be a towel and dress floating vwithin the curtins of the machine they entered, when the body was discovered head downwvards, the hands apparently grasping the steps, whMile the floor wfas perfectly dy;* from these and other facts it was inferred that the unfortunate areature deliberately phased herself in the position Iu which she w1as found, after removing her hounet and shawl only. Concurring testi-| mony was adduced from other witnesses, wrhose ocen ation was near the spot. The unfortunate roung lady IaX been evidently long snffering from a series of domestic troubes snd mistoitanes, as appeared from memoranda abe left belund; and in a note enclosing her rirngs she intimated a desirethather dear sistershouldaceepttltemas alast offering, and not mourn for her loss. After a long consu;lt.tion the jury returned a verdict offele dc se, and the unfortunate ceature was interred accordingly befose nighatfall -without junar rites. Miss Snell is sFAd to havot been a governess of considerable talent.
I - IPOSTX2~GLLIGBZ CR1 ITHE ACC]DENT AT GOODWOOD. iOurreporteTrvted the Chichester Infirmary yesterdy (Tuesday) for tho petsposs of personaUy making inquiries into the state of the Jjured jock;eys. Mr. Elliott, th, senior surgeon, gave him a most satisfactory account. Although Bartholomew still 1It5 la iprecaious conditiDn, yet he is gradaally and suzely imIpi onng. He wa visited by his wife on Monday, but did not -setO to recognize her. Little Mundy, who received a frightful com;ianutk fract, of the thigh, is progressing most favourably.' hAshmall, Salter, and Hearnden have left ths i firmary. Thewants of the sufferers are studiously coasulted by r. 'olman, the house surgeon, and Mr. Elliott. BRIGHTON RACFE8,-Tnis Diy. AzDrrronsrL AmRrvAL%. Farmer's Daughter, Claret Fasl2ion fiDy Weatbezbltcolt Roebacl Little Jobn Little Tom Chow EInht, The aLrl Arsenal Frinh ise,to B3old Buz- Vulcan Mermeid duegh Siroso Libellist Sandboy Golden Blover NartiDet Johno Bruges Media Noce Tne Itoman Soobh Weser Adam Yorkshireman Rapthael imbirn Manganese Baauockburn Lay Mralcolm Ja Cedrie Jeu d'Esprit Blue Mantle CoalBlackRose Mferlin Bishop ofOenaburg Turk- Ter,naFant JYiyawvay Aleppo Lady norence Ida -ai Speed tho soush Oriends Firelight ' 13h ROYAL YACHT SQUADRON REGATTA. COWES, TumSmAy EmEX, ALuG. 5. This great aquatic festival commenced this day, and, it gives us pleasure to say, with all those adjuncts which give interest and importance to the proceedings of the Royal Yacht Squadron. Perhaps in no part of the kingdom last year were the effects of " grim-visaged ware more strikingly manifested than in the Isle of Wight, both in respect to the number of residents on the island and the visitors at the Rtoyal Yacht Squadron Regatta. A vast mamber of t'he owners of yachts were in the Crimea, doiug suit and service for their country, while the families of others, more or less' were deeply suffering from that hereavement which war n3cessarily hrings in its train. This was found tooperate to so gp at an extent in respect to the Royal Victoria Club, at Ryde, that the customary regatta was abandoned to more settled and happier times. Then there was the preparation for the embarcation of Her Majesty to visit His Majesty the Emperor of the Frenc!x, which tended to deprive the island of the presence of Her Majesty for the accustomed period, although with her usual condescension she did not allow even that engagement to stand in the way of her patronizing the Royal Yacht Squad-on and Cowes TowL Regattas, both by honouring them with her presence and liberally subscribing to the funds for the town amusements. This year all the drawback-s to which allusion has been made have disappeared by the return of peace to the land, and this island once more wears its accustomed and joyous appearance. Her Majesty and the 11oyalEamily occupy themarne residence at Osborne; the towns of Ryde and Cowes are well attended; the weather, tempered by the sea breezes, IS all that could be desired; and last, but not least, the numher of yachts now clustered in the Solent and Medina is so great that, seen from the beautiful and picturesae high grounds of C:owes, they remind us of the time when the America cutter first made her aqpearance in these w5ters-an event, as is weU known, haich has led to great and important results, tending to stimulate the owners of yachts in this country to the accomplishment of the utmost exceUence in naval architecture, whether we look for it in this mimie fleet orin those floating castles sent forth to maintain the honour and glory of England and her maritime supremacy in all parts of the globe. The celebrated American clippervas here a few days ago, and it was reported that she would again try her speed against come of those newly altered vessels which have adopted her "notions' of what a yacht ought to be for racng; but such report was without foundation, for on Monday Lord Templetown sailed in her from Portsmouth for St. Petersburg. The following yachts are nowhere, and many others are expected :-The Royal yacht Victoria and Albert; the Zara schooner, bearing the flag of Commodore the Earl of Wilton ;the Capricorn, Vice. Commodore Mr. C. R. h. Talbot, MLP.; the Plover, Colonel J. C. Clifton; the Cecile, the Mfarquis of Conyng. ham ; the Stella, Mr. Richard Frankland ; the Sapphire the CRight Hon. T. hg. Gibson, :LP; the Nymph, SirJ.. Baily; the BHworth (new yacht), tr. J. Weld; the Emnerald, Mr. J. Thompson, the Lavrock, Colonel ailVians; the Vikin, Colonel J. Stirling; the Stormfinch, Colonel Bones; the Ripple, Mr. J. D. Dickinson; the Brilliant, onr. G. Eolland ackers (Vice-Commodore bf the Royal Victoria Yacht Club); thu Drift, Mr. J. Magernis; the Gipsy Qceen, Sir H. B. Hioghton;* the Lancashire Witch, Mr. J. Palk, M.P.; the sAarm,nMr. w.tWeld;they otus, EIrlsVane; the Cloud, the Rwight Hon. the Earl of IMount-Edgeumbe (Commodore of the Royal Western Yacht Cluab); the Mayfly, Mr. Geore Bidder; the Caiman, Myr. J. roe; the op rannt the Lolna Toih; the Prsncess Olga, Mr. H. Gunstone; and the Swedrsh yacht terora Boreaihs. The bill of fare for the week is ample.-On Tuesday his Royal Highness Prnace Albert's Cup, for cutters and yauls under 75 tons, belonging to the squadron; on Wvednesday, the Royal Yacht Squadron annual dinner;* on Thursday, Her MEajests Cup, by schooners under 200 tons, belonging to the squadron, with a displayof iireworks in the evening; on Firiday, the Royal Yacht Sanadron annual ball-* and on Mgonday a p rize of 100 sovereigns, open to all yachts belong. ing to a Royal yacht club and foreign yachts, exceeding 35 tons, according to the usual regulations of the Royal Yacht Squadron; time for tonnage according to Ackers's scale. The towrn regatta will also take place on Monday, when Her Majesty wnill be present, andtho amusements will be of a varied descriphion. This day was appropriated to the race for Prince Albert's Cup, for which the followeing yachts were entered: The course was from a boat moored off West Cowes Castle by the Nab light ship, then back to Cowe8, and proceeding to a vessel moored offYarmouth, and then retur - ing to the starting vessel,-a distance of about 50 miles. At Sminutes to 10 o'clock the preparatory gun was fired, and precisely at 10 ocloek another gun for starting was fired, whenit was soon apparent that the Maritana was fuLly up to her work, for in a few moments she was seen leading, but was followed closely by the Extravaganza, the Caprice and Aurora beig in excellent. keeping with each other. After arnof a short duration the Extrava-anza took the course of the mid-channel, by which she secured the better force of the tide, and it was evidently successful, for in a short time she bagan to draw upon the aritan, although she was more to the windward. The Capsice endeavoured to crawl up underthe lee of the Ilaritana, hut without saccess, and much in this order they contiued down channel towards Ryde. Having rounded the Sab light some important changes took place, for the maritana gave way, and eventually was passed by her three other competitors, the Aurora ing the ledng position. On passing the mark vessel at Cowes they were timed as follows:- h2. m. a. Aurora ... ... ... ... .. 0 Extravaganza . .. ... ..2 4G 0 Caprice . ... ... ... 2 50 4 IMaritana ... ... ... ... 2 54 0 They then proceeded up the Solent, the-remainder of the course being up to Yarmouth and back to Cowes, vwith a light breeze and a strong tide; hut there is no probability of thsomatch being concludea until late this evening, and, of course, the particulars must be deferred util to-mnorrow.o The Royal yacht Fairy has just come to anchor in the Roads, and the Zara and Capricorn, bearing the fags of the Commodore and Vice-Commodore, and the Brilint, Mr. G. IL Ackers, Vice-Commodore of the Royal Victoria Yacht Club, are dressed in flags and present a very gay appearance. Captain Ponsonby and3Fr. RichardFrankland are, as usual, the sadling comnmittee. The annual dinner of the Royal Yacht Squadron to-morrow is expected to be very numerously attended. CRICKET. THEC ==A CLUB AGAINSTTHE BEST OF THE AR3IY The above match, w'bich was continued yesterday, again attracted a lage concourse of spectators the bands eo the 2d Life Guands and the oyal s1orse Guards being present; and e1niveniug the ground with some splendid muaic. On account of the great soore made by * the Army" in their firgt inning. 'and being so many ahead of the "Crimeans," the latter followed their innings, and, although they made a goodlyscore of 131, they left but 28 for their opponeut6to get to win. On *the Army" taldng their second innings much excitenent prevailed, for although the number to be obtained wasbut maul, still thewiekets fel rapidly, as ' brs-one for 11, two for 13, three for 13, four for 19, fiye for 19, six for 26; the other two vere eventuallygot, but it ended a closer metcht-n was anticipated. The foUowing is the ecore:- THE ARMYr. Thast Innings. Second Innings. Hon. B. Gro3venor, 12 Hone- oe R. 41 .. Hene- c. Edwardes, b. Brumley .. 0 CaptanlSeWfinten, b Hone- ago .. 10 b. Ienesags.. Mr. Calvert, Tin out .. 9 not out .. .. .. .. I Majorl'yfe. b.atewar .. 16 Lord Gaeies,run out .. 57 c. Bathurst,b. Heneage S Hon.Capntsiuilles,b.Stewart 3 b. Bramly. . 0 Mr. J. Ford, b. Branly -. 57 b. Bramly -0 VaptainHogge% sn out -. 2 notout . . 4 Captain Maunel. leg before wicket, b. Heneage .. . Ob. Bramly. . 4 Captain Ca1vert, b. Bramly . 3. 3 Capte1n Harenc, not out 9. . b.7,L-b.E5v.w .. ..S - 2b.2,L-b.1.w.4 . . 7 Tota . 243 Total .. .. 28 CBIHEAN- CLUB. rant Innings. Second Innings. Hon. I. Stewart, c. Maunnel, b. Fe .. 23 b. Harenc.. ..7 Hen. 1V. Edwardes. 12. Heo E&ns - .. 2 c.7ord.b-.Harnc .. .. Captain Bathcrst, b1. Hferns 0 c. aud b. Harcenc . . 17 Captain Henea. b. FYfe .. 231 b. C. Cavert .. 0 Major Oxendon. b. C. Calvert 11 c. Groevenor, b. C. Calvert 2 Captain Xeight, run out - . 1. b. C. CWsvert -. . . S- e Capan Townley,1 b. C. Cal- set.-.-17 e.HZarenc,1h. C. Cavert 0............ Captain Donnau12. C. aCGalvcrt £ b. Calvet . . 30 Major Dswar,6 He^rons 5 b. Hareno16 Captain Thansly. runIout 1 notout . Cozonel Thema,Dot Out .. 0 ran out 8 b2.,l3jLli-bh,3S;sw., 21 .. e4 b,15; l.-b,6; w.. lo S.. Totl l. . 1 Total .. .. 131 BUSS=E v. HINT. These two counties met to contest a match at Brighton on Monday, and the reault ot the day's play was as follows,:-Kent, 115; Sumer, 128 (witb aix wickets to falln.
TRr 2ATZ-DVUBLENUAnXR_ (,YAXiTERBURY, Ttr,-D.&Y 3Nlvmxa. - Dledia Bedanius, the murderer Ot- tsh two girls, Ca,6. line and a-ia Back,.stili lies in a very precarious state in the Eent and Canterbury Hospitl, at CFanterbary, under the care of 3fr. BhlUowes snd the other sargeons of the establishment. Hol has infaLcted three distinct wounds on himself-one of them having extended, it is believed, to.thc left lung. The incisions are about six inches in depth, but notnecessarily mortal. The knife with which the musders were committed, a nd with which the -wretched mar attempted his ovn life, is about nine inches in-length, at the r._.t and the blade measures foau ines, and is ne53y i2i A,mh- i w&qltb, It sag s. gmau blade and& spring at the back, with ,Is =!i;r's nlame on it, " Green, 'Lover." After perpetrating the sr&, geed tha murderer must hare carefully wiped the fatal weapon, ai the sheath in which he deposited it prior to his ittempt at _uicide is perfectly freo from blood. Dedanius ap,pears to be a man somewat above the common level of has iountrymen. HIe is a Servianby birth, nid come5from Belgrade. Ee speaks very good. Germa, sail can also converse in Italian, havig served in the Austriarn anny. Dr. Rhost, . linguist at St. Augustine's College, has been to see !he murderer, but he does not appear inclined to say much at present in reference to the crime he hsa con,initted. fe merelyalludestoitin generalterms, andstates that " he did it out cf love." During the night, -when he was quite composed and sensible, one of the nurses in at. tendance asked how he could havs done it. Bedanius zMerely r_plied that he stabbed her, and she was dead in a minute. When asl;ed by Dr. Mhost if he wished to make any voluntary statement, or was desirous of communicating with his friends, the wret2hed man replied, "Not atpresent * I am too weak to speak yet." About Il o'clock on 3run&ay evening it was expe:ted that he was near his death; and npon inquiring iferould likce to see the priest Bedanius rephied in the affirmative. The Bev.bfr. Siddens, the Roman Catholic priest of the district, was therefore sent for. UPon the arrival of the rev, gentlemnan the usual questions were put to the safferer; and subsequentlythe rites of the Cath.hic chi.zch were administered to him. At a later period,however, the wretched man asked for his knife, as he wished to finish himself. He is watched by a constable, in case he should mal-e any further attempt upon his life. He has not shown any kind of delirium.
BISHOPS AND COUPATES, TO T EDITOR OF THE 'f ES. Sir,-I fear that when you see the sabject of this letter you. will throw it aside. I am certain that if it escape this danger many of youLr readers will tarn to more pleasing topics than a bishop's wealth or a curaWs poverty; but still I will run both risks, and I pray you, now that your columns are less crowded, to find space for these remarkLs. The world has lately been scandalized-vith the exhibition of two bishops, after long enjoyment of two of the richest sees in Fngland, bartering with Government for the terms on which they will resign their sees when no longer able to perform the duties of their office. If these men have used the same keenness of vision and forethought in the govemnmerttoftheir respectivedioceze-evichthey haBaoshDwn inth management of their private affairs, those dioceses should be examples of good order. Bat vwhile, from his exalted position,the caseof abishop immediatelysecrures attention, it isnot so with those at the other enad of the ecclesiastical order and the curate lives and dies in poverty and distres- rt wasthe complaint of Dr. King that our bishops die "shamefully rich j" it is nOt the less a disgrace to our church that our curates live shamefully poor. The phrase, indeed, by 'Which they are generaly caled, " the workdng clergy," points to the ditinction which exists between the clergy who do the work and the clergy -who get the pay. I do not wish to speak with maudlin sentiment or moec enthusiasm about the position or laboura of our curates, but I would iegard Them as men of ilesh and blood liLe others; and I would asik your readers whether, if a curate has not a real liking for bis worlk, and faith unwavering, he is not most miserable ! If he has neither money nor interest-and a vast number of our curates have neither-he can but look forward to a life of toil, vith a remuneration only sufficient to meet h-is daily expenseS. If lhe is in a town, be may, indeed, be rewacded by the sympathy of the ladies of his congregation, and purses, and braces, and slippers may testify to their goodwill; but in the country he has not this support, and even the gaudy 'honours of Berlin wool are not his. The curats house contains no pleaces szcor to share the sorrows of life, no prattling children await his return for the envied kiss, but, silent and solitary, he sits by his cheerless fireside, and care sits opposite. Tho curaWs income is precarious-let that be remembered,-and failure of health, loss of voice, or one of a hundred acacidents may in an hour cast him on the world. without the means of subsistence. It was stated that the life of one of the pensioned bishops is moat heavily insured and credit was taken for this fact, Ls showing that the bishop had not saved a fortune from his bishopric. It may appear differeutto others, though Icanseebutlittle difference bet'Ween lrying by so mnUch a-year, to be always at our dispossl, and placing that sum in the hands of an insurance office to will away at our death. The curate can make no provisiot for old age. Let any one look at the advertisements in the Ecclesiasticd Ga4zele, the Guardian, or the Bccord, and then say whether out of the sti_ pend given to curates z, provision can be mnade either for their own latter days or for those they may leave behind. And where is the Premier who will listen to the curaWs appeal for a retiring pension and a rent-free house ? 'Were such a claim put forth, or werethe curate, like Oliver Twist, to " ask for more,"' he would be met with a look of incredu_ lons amazement, and dismissed with the remark that some men are never satisfied, but, have what they may, they will always grumble. Itis nrhap3 only consistent with hu nature that bishops should be petted and honoured and curates should be frowned on and despised. A jest at the lower order of clergy is vith us what the Americans would cal an "institution," and one indieed which clhims respewt fromits antiquity, for it has flourishedfrom the time of Eliza. beth, when the curate was the butt of the dramatists, to the days of Victoria, when he had to endrure the sneers and contempt of the witty and fortunate Canon of St. Paul's. And if, like lfawworm, the poor clergyman " likes to be despised," he has his hearts wish to his heart's content. But yet many among our humbler ranks of clergy are found. wvilling to pavss laborious lives, wvithoutmurmuring anid without complaint, hopeless of ever rising above their present condition, and content to be esteemed gentlemen with the wages of mwechanics. Their only change is from the blue bed to thebrovn-froma curacy of 100!. to one of S1., from one of SO!. to one of 90!. Contrast the case of such a man, so nearly allied to the poorer portion of his flock that "A "- in bim they see, Asympathizing poverty, "LTikeo them by affluence forgot, " Neglect and penury his lot,* - '"He feels their sorrowFs, owns their cares, " And all excerpttheir crimnes, he shares_ contrast the case of such a man with a bishop in good condition. Mark the one, hardened in poverty and heartsick at "hope deferred," at the end of a tcilsome life, earning a pittance as a hack parson, or dying on the charity of friends, and then look on the career of a favoured bishop, with a princely income to support- a princely state, with palaces to live in and nobles for his fnleuds,--writh patrosago and influence to provide for his family, and still able, when life is flickering te its close, to find men in powrer to rewrd him with a splendid pension?. 31iark the glorious career and honoured death of the one;tnaried with all the pomp of pride, with sculptured marble-to record his worh; and then look on the loWTly curate, forgotten isilife, for- on-rn- in A-fh 1n-hMT f-,-nnI nAn 1iC +nnhdnnif eha ' 2rMo.." bavo one) bearing the inscription,
MmUiDnE 2ta Rutmnmioo.-On Saturday night a hocding murder was committed at Great Smeaton, a village in ihe lNorth Riding of Yorkshire, on the freat north road, midway between lorthallerton and Darmngton. The urcurmstances attending the affair, as far as we bave learat them, appear to,be these:-Several3nen ha& been engaged mowing duang the day, and at night they repaired to a publichonse, where they had some liquor. ter leaving the inn thiey roceeded homewavds, and inthe course of their journev a quarrel arose between two of the menL named Cocl;field and Bowes. The rEtv had their scythes with-them,and it is said Bowestheatened Cockfield that if he repeated some expressions he hxd made use of to him howould cut his legs of Cockfield, unfortunately, did repeat the obnoxious *ord4 and.Bowes at once - carried his threat into execution, and with his scythe mowed one of the legs of Cockfield as nearly off as possible, it only being left hauging by a piece of sldn. The loss cf blood was, of: course, very great, and Colffield died within an hour. Medics.1 assistance was prcured from the neighbouring villages, but was of no avL Boves was ta-en into cistody by the North Riding police to await the coroner's inqnues which found a verdict of " 2ianslaughter" against hiim. TrE BUrUZOPFIXLD -MxURDR.-At the conclusion_ of the trial the principal, if not the enly topic of converaxtion in city was the verdict of the jury. Public feeing appeared to be favourable to the dec3ison at which they b arrived, considering the imperfect and contradictory nature of the evidence; but there , as an almost -universal opinion exmressed of the guilt of at least one of the prisoners-an opinion which, we understand, was likewise entertained by the learned judge who tried: t,be case. After the conluslion of. the trial, and awhen the jury-were absent considerig their verdiot, the prisoners -ere removed from-the-ock to a cellbeow the court,-and trhile thero Cain-was ovrheard mahking sone remarks to Rayne 2eepecting the evid,ece of the girl who spoke to -washin his Munt, which Qadently showed that the fects to wbich ale deposd wero itpseality in some way or other connected with the mnmrder, The remarks were, woe uderstand, immediately reported to the jude, but, of course, at such a ste of the proceedings couable beadduced againsttherioners For onider i a'cletimepreviousto thetrial, o.-g-toh isatraneo onduct, Cain was constantly watched by two persons. The conduct of liayne dering the long period of his mirmri5nr as. most exemplary. Shortly af)ter thlse jury had delivered their erdict the prisoners w;ere liberated, They were met by a numnber of their friends from wlanton, and prooeeded ta Jenningiss publichouse, in Claiptth, where they spent a considerable time in dinng. They aerwr adjoarsed to other publichouses, an wlien the entire party o min cotsiderably advanced state-o intoxication they proceeded. followed by a crowd of people, to the Gileigate Station anLd lth *bt lhe 9 o'clock- trsali for Ne 9",-Dur7ieiCoanut4dzvntilcr.
YOREJGN INTBLLIBNCE. FRA?WE. TA p tiott off t3e following appoeaed in our second raitiOn of Vea. erdzv!-1 (BY MBAHIAE D BP.ivmm TLEaRAri'.) We have received the fo4lowing teleg,aphic dellatqh fruom our Paris correspondent , " PARIS, TuED&Y, AuousT 5, 7 Am. " The 3onUeur Dublishies the following :- "'The Emperor returns.to St. Cloud on the 9th, ins-, His -lajesty has- no intention of lesving again before the 15th of August. There will not, 3aow. ver, be any official receptions on the 9th. cc ' Tranquillity having beea restored in Spain, the Emperor ha3 given orders for the suspension of all movements of troops towards the frontier." (FILOR o, OWN OOIMW.ONDF.NT.1 PARIS, MONDAY, 6 P. The sharp practice, not to say the indifferent iaith, of Russia in carrying out the details of the treaty of Paris, appears to be attracting much more attention'i at Vienna than it does here. The war being over, andsths laurels gatheredin, the French nation seems, to have lost all interest in the matter; and, indeed, the indifference of the French Cabinet is supposed to be scarcely less. Nevertheless, some of the questions at issue are serious, and there is reason to believe that they engross not a little the attention ef Count Bnoland Sir H. Seymour. It is not inprobable that the unity of action thus induced in the Cabinets of the two nations most interested in protecting the interests of Turkey and resisting Muscovite encroachments may lead to a more cordial understanding between them than has for some time past existed. When we remember the generosity and forbearance with which Russia was treated when, in the character of a vanquished Power, she presented herself at the Conferences for the coaclusion of peace, we may feel surprise that she has taken the first opportanity of endeavouring to shirk and infringo the spirit of the conditions ngreed upon. But Russian diplomacy is proverbially tricky and astute, and demands extreme caution on the part of those who deal with it. The public has heard very little of the view taken by the allied Powers of the destruction of the fortifications of Reni and Ismail, with respect to which it is known, however, that great dissatisfaction has been expressed by Count Buol and the British Minister at Vienna. Itis only in consequence of very strong representations that the overthrow of the defences of Kars, already commenced, has been suspended. The settlement of the question of the Isle of Serpents, the occupation of w,hich by the Russians has excited a great sensation at Vienna, has been postponed, and a belief lhas been expressed that when once brought upon the tapis it would prove easy, but this does not appear so certain when we consider the system of opposition and vexation upon which Russia appears to act. She has certainly done anything but ree-procate the good, cordial, and straightforward spirit the allies have displayed towards her, and her conduct is calculated to lay the germs of future disputes and bitterness. But, according to present appearances, it is the Bessarabian boundary question that is likely to give most trouble. The Russians have evidently taken advantage of the great topographical ignorance that prevails with respect to that country. It has never yet been positively resolved how far, at the conferences at Paris, the Russian Commissioners imposed upon their colleagues by means of incorrect maps. Still less are -we acquainted with the motive for the very impor-taut modificationthen admitted in the line orig nally laid down as the basis for the dermarcation. We are now told of the existence of two Bolgrads, between whicha confusionhas purposelybeenmade-of course -to the disadvantage of MIoldavia. I have been unable to discover more than one, but there can be no doubt -that its position has been misrepresented; and I know that ia the Danubian provinces, where some knowledge of the topographical circumstances of Bessarabia may be supposed to exist, great surprise was expressed,.when the line finally agreed upon at the Conferences became known, that England and France should have allowed themselves to he so imposed upon as to trace it south of Bolgrad. If France chooses to be apathetic with respect. to these various questions, I am glad to learn, on authority which I consider good, that England and Austria are not disposed to be so, and that our able representative at Vienna vigilantly watches, and by no means suffera to pass unheeded, the Russian attempts to obtain unfair advantages. It is said that he finds Count Buol disposed w;aly to co-operate with him on this subject, and hence is inferred the probability of a fiiendly rjapprochlement betwreen the twvo Cabinetis. The chief obstacle to this might perhaps be soulght in the slowness of Austria to comply w;ith the vishes of Great Britain with respect to Italy, and especially in her disinclination to press Naples to a modification of the system that gives so much umbrage. I am assured, however, by private letters from persons generally well-informed, that Count Buol has sent instructions to the Austrian Mlinister at Naples, the tenour and substance of which are satisfactory, at least to Baron Bourqueney. It is said that the Austrian representative is directed to impress strongly upon the Neapolitan Court the necessity of giving heed to the advice proffered in a friendly spirit by England and France. As it is added that attention to the counsels of France is particularly insisted upon, we may presume that this Goverment rEquired less than our own. Indeed, it is zaid that the Austrian Government, in spealing of the demands of France, described them as very moderate, and went so far as to add that, if compliance with them were refused, the King of Naples would do weU not to reckon on any armed assistance from Austria in the possible case that circumstances should render him desirous of such aid. This communication was read by Count Buol to Prince Petrulla, Neapolitan YMinister at Vienna, accompanied by the remark that Austria felt herself bound to endorse the jui3t demands af the French Government, and by the recommendation to urge his Government to compliance, and even- to write confidentiaUy to the King. Prince Petrulla, as you arex probably aware, is considered to enjoy a large hare of the confidence of his Sovereign, which he Lms acquired by the zeal with w7hich he h.as always espoused his political views. His interview with>Count Baol is said to have had the result df strongly impressing hinr with the necessity that something should be done, and that the time has arrived when it would be dangerous to persist in making head against the wishes of the 17Westerm Powers, and I understand that he wrote a- strong letter to nis master in this sense. Irernaims to be seen whether Count Buol!s remonstraitces, combined with the change or views of Prince Petrulla, who hitherto Is been noted fot Isis exaggerated opinions, w,ll produce the desired effect. Sir Hamilton Seymour is reported not to be very confident that they will do so, and not to be yet satisfied with what has been done by Count Buol, whom he would wish to speak mare strongly and distinctly stilL Something zil doubtless, depentd 7upon the tone and exertions of the Au aanmister at Naples, and doubts are e2,wltther he may be.exp,ested to expreasbshi %3Nvetnment' remnonstrnses in a sufficiently forcibleI manner. Fromn Spain there is nothing of particular interest to d3z-. A letter speaks of differences between the Visl&arin Generals, of dissensions in the Cabinet, rid ofa3 rq3noured intention to re-establish the Constitutio of 1845, or rather to declare that the country ha never ceasedto begovernedlbyit. That Cozitntion wasgonminas1y in force when the revolutiod of. 1 rred althoughinrealitythe only @ningpowcrFrom the time when the Senate was i BU:vlezadb rww lozS of 1853 was the will of the fagtxent, influenced omore or less by %-iirustina a1<~tha Palace. To declare that SP f3 beWrtcd- during the last two years by the Con3i'<i A845 r0uld certainly be contrary to tH}i.-gd fact; lint -niight,a a sort of aprqoos fiction, jsiaistthe Government in getting rid of the complicatiom by which i ids itself hampered. Sueh a measure woulld, of cos'rse, give immense dissatisfaction to tthe Liberal party, and would, doulbtless, very aihor1y 1ead to the downfal of O'Donnell. There are persons who suspect, with reference -to the aUeged dis-eisionus in the Alinistry, that Ries Rosas, who, although a man of acknowledged talent, is little to be trusted, and has the reputation of never keeping well long together with any colleagues or party, is not unlikely to play O'Donnell the same trick that Bravo Murillo served Narvaez,-turning 3him oult of the Cabinet, and stepping into his -lace' With epect to the re-adoption of the Constif4ttioii of 1845, the rumour may perhaps liave acquired ad. itional consisteneyfromthepresencoein theMinistry of Senor Collado,whe in the Constituent Cortes,wen he detached. himself from the Government of Espartero,of which he was then a member,openly- declared, amid the greatest excitemuent and uproar 'Ut the Chamber, that he consjdjred theeountry .to be then under the reyime of that Conatitaetion . . - It is reported that the elevation of Marshal Pelissier to the rank of ue is shortlyto be followed by the bestowal of other titles of nobility, andCount Canrobert is olredy spoken of. Th& Emperor 'will review the division at. Lunevillo on Friday, and return to Paris on Saturday, the 9th. Plombieres is fuU of an incident that has just occurred there. A swarm of bees entered'the Emperor's Cabinet through an open windov and settled on the ebhimney-piece, compelling him to leave the room until thiey could be cleared' away. This descent of the Imperial insect in such a place has been, of course, accepted as an omen of continued good fortune. The following private telegraphic despatche3 have been received:- , "M 3&RSEILLES, AuG. 3, EvENwG. " According tc more recent :ccounts, the number of killed and woundedby the fire at Salonica amounts tofully 700. Among the latter are, the Russian, Datch, and Sardinian consuls. A Greek merehant, named Schillirri, who was the cause of the disaster, has been arrested. "Letters from Constantinople announce that an English engineer is about to survey the ground for a line of railway between Seleucia and Aleppo. He is also to survay the course of the Euphrates as far as B2gdad, with a view to its being rendered navigable. Other English engineers are expected, ho wnill survey the whole line of the Euphrates." " BERLIN, Aluc. 2. " A. report which had been current, that Admiral lTapier had been received by the Grand Duke Constantine, is void of foundation." "AuG. 3. "The Emperor of Russia has ordered the publication of judgments formerly prononceed by the Courts-martiaL "1 Jews are declared eligible to public situations under the Empire. "Several steam vessels have received orders to proceed to the Black Sea. The Danish Ambassador, Count Plessen, has arrived at St. Petersburg." "%ad , C unt 3. S {XM~~~~~iATA RID, AU(;. 3. * Tranquillity is generaL The public funds are rising rapidly. "The National Guard of Saragossa has been disarmed. "A new ayuntamiento and a fresh provincial deputation have been named. T In Catalonia, the bands which had taken refuge in the mountains are dispersing. '" Espartero leaves to-morrow for Logrono. "AL. Lumzriaga, Minister of Justice, is replaced by m Igurate." The accounts from Constantinople brought by the Hydaspeareof the24thult. LettersfromGalatz,of the 18th, stated that the Mixed Comrmission appointed to fix the boundary line in Bessarabia had returned to Bolgrad, but that they had not yet been able to decide whether that town should continne attached to Russia or be restored to Turkey. The English, French, Austrian, and Turkish Commissioners were of opinion that it belonged to Turkey. Several memberm of the >tussian embassy, together with the archives, had arrived at Conatantinople. Oficers of the English Commiissariat who reached the Turkish capital by the last packet state that the Russian clergy had celebrated at Balaklava a high mass, at which everybody attended barefooted, as a sign of mortification. A grand procession afteirwards took place, when holy 'water was poured forth in profusion, in order to purify the town. Colonel Stamati, conmmander of B3alaklava, had issued a prociamation, recommending his men and the inhabitants to respect the funeral monuments of the allied arries, He had likewise invited the families of Balaklava and Kamiesch to return there, in order to recover possession of their lands, and rebuild their houses cis a new plan, under the direction of a commission of civil and military engieers,whichhad left Odessa for the purpose. Colonel Stamati had also assized articles of consunmption,which were sold at exorbitant prices by the foreign traders who remainled there after the departure of the allies. A camp of 6,000 men had been established on the heights of Inkermann. There is no change in the commercial state of Paris. The retail trade is dull as usual during the great heats; symptoms, however, of the approaching close of the dead season have begun to manifest themselves. The foreign agents, for the most part, accepted the advance in the price of goods. Russia has purchased largely in the industrial districts, and some important orders have reached from England, the United States, and Austria. The accounts from the fair of Beaucaire continue favourable, and all the goods seut there from Eouen, Mul- house, and other manufacturing towns have found - a rrpid sale. The weather has been of late most favourable for the crops. All apprehension has now. vanished. In the southern markets, and even in the Halle of Paris, samples of new wheat have made their appearance, which were pronounced to be of excellent quality. Speculators have in a great measure suspended their purchase, and if the fall in prices is not more general it is entirely owIng to the scanty supply. The tendency to decline has steadily maintained itself since Thursday, and the best sorts of flour, which on that day still sold at 99f. 50c. per sack of 157 kilogammes, only fetched 9641. on Saturday. They were offered for August at 94f.; for September at 91f. ; and for the following months at 84f. and 83f. The stock on the Halle had fallen on Saturday to. '9,930 metric quintals. The decline in the price of wheat was If. per hectolitre and a half. Immense ,uantities of cereals have arrivedof late at MfasUlles from the Sea of Azoff, the Adriatic, and the Danube. No less than 1,000,000 hectolitres were landed in that port during the month of July. The vines are in a most satisfactory condition to a considerable distance round Paris. The accounts are less cheering frona the south, where the olidium has again committed ravages. Spirits niaintained their high price. Languedoc brandy sold in Paris at 205f., and spirits from beet at 158f. per hectolitre. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 80c. for the end of the month; and the New Loan at 70f. 80c.; Orleans Railway. Shares, 1,410£; Great Northern, 1,042f. 50c.; Strasburg, 9371. 50c.; New Shares, 860f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,425f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,837f. 5oc.; Western of Fraince, 962f. 60c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 805f.; Great Central of France, 711f. 25c.; Lvons and Geneva, £07f. 50c.; Bank of Crdit obilier, 1,632f. 50c.; Aiustrian Railways, 870f. Coura Au .l s-PAns,AuN st 4,.Cash Pri4ec.- i"our-ad a-Half per Cents. (not renbuzsable for 10 years), 94f. * hree per Cwents., 70f. 60c. 40c. 50c.; Bank of kEmnoeS 4,lOl,; Credit Foncier, 680f. ; ditto, Obligations of 5Of;, f'our per Cents., 440f.; ditto, Three per Cents., 390f.; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 90f.; ditto Three per Gents., 80f.; Credit Mfobilher,1,635f. 1,625f. 1,620f. 1,635f. 1,637f. Oc. 1,632f. Soc.; Discsunit BaEk, 705f. 710f. 707f. 0c.; Pledmonteses Pive per Cents., 91.; Belgian Fonr-and-a-Half per Cents., 99A; Rentes do Naples (Rothschild's). 112f, 50c.; lomass, S9; Spanish InterPior Debt, 393 ~; Duatoch Twvo. and-a-Hal1f per Cenets., Fri, 641. Exhne on l ondon, at eiht papfer, 2fi1. 27lc.; money, Z5f. 25mo,; iaer ,f - : th~ THE ME;DITERRANEAN. (FROMr O'DI OWic COxRRSPONDrxT.) s A.SBEILLZS, AuGuns 2. Iarshal Pelissier, whose retuin from the Crimea was so long expected, adived yesterday, and nothing could be colder than the reception he met wvith from themass of the population. By some extraordinary inadvertence the arrival of the corvette PRoland, carrying the Marshal and his suite, was not announced from the telegraph station at Notre Dame de la Garde, and when the steamer arrived in the Old Port there was nobody to receive the Mar. shal. The first person who presented himself on board the Roland to pay his respects was the captain of the Caradoc, which arrived.here on Wednesday evening last, bringing Sir WiUiam Codnington. Next came General Roguet, the Emperor's aide-de-canip, who congratulated the Marshal onI his arrival in the name of his august master. After a delay of nearly two hours the MArshal landed at the Canebibre, under a salute from the guns of forts St. Nicholas and St. John. Having landed,the Marshal. stepped into the carriage of 3M. Lucy, the ReceiverGeneral, an old and intimate friend, and the proces-' sion moved forward. First came a detach.nent of gendarmerie, next the carriage of 31. Lucy, in whichlthe Marshal was seated, having opposite to him an aide-de-camp and an English staff officer; n1ext the Mayor and the Municipal Council, followed by the carriages of the prncipalmerchants; next a toan, the Commander of the .Department, who is confined to his house by - a Severe accident. The procession waas closed by a scnuadron of Lancers. The line followed i was the Canebibre, the Place Royale, the Rue Pa- ;adis, to the house of M. Lucy, 'in the Rue Sylva- belle, the most frequented streets in Mareilles, During the entire line of march.not a cheer was to be head, nor was say demonstration of respect visible. There was no crowd, and the few people who stopped gazed in stupid amazement. The Marsellais, whora I have reproached for their want of enthusiasm and patriotism, excuse themselves by: saying that the hour at whi6h the procession took place, half-past 2,-was an unfortumate one, being the moment of the siesta after diniser, and that the few people -inn the streets were half asleep. The Marshal was dreased with great simplicity, and wore a hepi -on his head. HTe hot remarkably well, and appears to me to be very little changed since the day I sa*wbim embark here for the Crimea. To-day he drove in the Mayor's carriage to Roquevaure, to see the remarkable aqueduct by which the waters of the Durance are conveyed to Marseilles. To-night there is to be ea representation at the Grand Theatre, to wvhich: none are to be admitted except by tickets issued at the MIairie. To-morrow he is to attend the ina3uguration of a cascade in the Zoological-gardens; and at half-past 5 the grand dinner is to take place on the. Boulevards, where tables sufficient to accomraodate l,5W soldiers are to be laid. Mfore than 200,000 hectolitres of wheat have arrived this week at Mareilles; but as fast as it is landed it is carried to the railway terminus, and thence conveyed to the interior of France. The 41b. loaf sells here at 26 sous, SPAINP. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 31st ult. The Gazette publishes the returs of the loss suffered by the Queen's troops during the collisio7 at Barcelona. The number o, killed was 45, among whom were three chiefs and six office7rs; the wounded were 209, two chiefs and 17 officers; and the contused 89. The BEpocc says:- "We owaited until the last moment to communicate.to our renders all the news of the day. Telegraphio despatches received at 3 o'clock p.m. announced that Catalonia was entirely pacified. This result was not attained wthout bloodhed. Tleo rebel General Ruiz, witl the Sau-inspector of the militia of L%nmpurdan, Roger, at the head of 2,000 mon, mostly belonging to the mliitia, intrenched themselves at Ilers. The Regiment -of Ntavarre, commanded by Colonel Gonzalez, attacked them and put them to flight, and on the 25th Ruiz, his aide-de. camp, the Mayor of the Place of Girona, and the .Com. mnnder of the Regiment of Africa, Juan Gangara, with all the persons implicated in the revolt at Girona and in the Lampurdan, sought refuge in France, where they were arrested and removed to the interior. An extensive paper. manufwatory, I,a Aurora, was burnt, at Girona, by the in. surgents driven out of Barcelona and wandering in the neighbourhoodl. Barcelona, Tarragona, and Lenda are completely tranquil. Valencia haz not moved. The column marchingfrom that,city to Arragon disarmed on its way the militia of Segorbe. Teruel surrendered to Brigadier Damato, and its republican janta took to flight. Alcaniz also recognized the authority of the Queen. On the 23d the militia of Badajoz and.reversl othertowns of Estremadura were disarmed. It was reported that, in consequence of the resignation of M. Antonio Gonzales, the Spanish Eimbassy in London had been offered to 3f. Salustiano Olozaga. A General. was spoken of for the Paris Embassy. The two candidates mentioned wera General Prim, Count of Reus, and the Duke of Valencia. A free corps is'being organized at Valladolid, under the name of Battalion of Loyal Castilians. ITALY. (sn.om OUR Ovx CoRRISPONDiNuT.) NAPLES, JuLY 31. Tho proclamation which I enclose has just been issued by the Government, or the Royalist party, to counteract the dangerous effects of the Liberal proclamation. As I have already mentioned, the very mild and conciliatory tonle of the latter allayed all apprehension of excesses, and did much to unite the scattered elements of a party wrhom convictions unite but whom fears had kept asunder. An effort was at first made to neutralize it by insinuations that it emanated from the fallen MIazza party, but as the truth soon became known, different tactics were adopted, and a Government, surounded by spies and by "all cthe panoply of wrar," has been. compelled to resort t;o the press. It is a striking acknowledgrnent of the power of 'tha machine; it is agreat step in Neapolitan civiliza-| tion ; but mark the use which it makes of it. "GOVERNxENT ADDRS. 'Feapolitans,-An execrable, though fooiish and seditious address has been cunningly circalated in our city within the last few days. Coming from the hand of some wretch whose sole object was to introduc3 suspicion into the minds of a quiet people, and not easily led away by Utopian chimeras, it has been received by all honest men with profound indignation, who-trne lovers of progress-expect from order and tranquillity alone those ameliorations which form the sole thought of a wise Government. And now that a fer Swretched fellows, abusing the most holy words, 'religion, country, liberty,' on whose impious lips ring execrAble blasphemies, would plunge this country into new disasters, wll you not unite of one accord to annihilate them with the lightning of your contempt? We feel assured that you wilL The good sense of our fellow-citizens is a guarantee for them. Who does not know that this handful of turbu-. lent men, having nothing to hope for in times of order, look for everything from agitation and from public disturbance; and that, enemies of society, they would undermnine it, in order to destroy with .a sacrilegious hand the altars of our divine worship in the name of our most holy religion; that invoking their country, they would bringdesolation into our families; and with the word liberty renew the Satamalia of times of disorder. Ourlanguag aisthz4oftrath, and we appeal from it to public opinion. Remember, Neapelitans, the Utopias of 1799; the errors of 182a; the follies of i848. VWiat wastheaesult of those sabversive attempts ? Grief and desola.- tion. Let all honest mnen unite then to crush those whose depraved objects, are to break down our altars, to bring infamy on our famffiees to get possession of our property. Let all be ready and decided as we are to resist every seduction, that we may prove to the foreigner, whom it is wished to impose upon by announcing a unity of action which does not exist, that the Neapolitans, reunited under the flag of. their national and fearless Government, are decided on oppossng any base ottempt whatever upon order-reposing as they do confidently and tranquilly on the good sense of:, their august Sovereign, fiom whom alone all gool aqd prosperity are to be expected." Nothing can be worse intone. Tthe abuse of the Liberal party is vulgar, the motiveaimputedtotbexn falsa,andthe cry"sTo arms"to defendthecountryfronil turbullence . bstnrd when one remembers the exhor-- tations to legality and order which have proceeded from the Liberals, and the immense physical force at the disposal of the Government. The allusion, too, to the bloody epochs of 1799, 3820, and 1845 implies a threat of "' grief and desolation" against those who do not repose with confidence and tranquillity "on the good sense of their august Sovereign, from whom alone aU good and prosperity are to be expected." The contrast between the two proclamations is remarkable, and serves well to illustrate tho different animus of the two partie3. Toyou, perhaps, it may appear surprising that-Ilay so much stress on the publication of a handbill scarcely a span loing, but its importance iviil,be fuRy recognized if you winl otly recollect the positio-i of. the country in which speech is prohibited and: thought suspected.. The fact, therefore,, to which * I allude is an open resistance, not to the lawF, but to the system enforced here, and the fears of the Government are fully justified by the effects it ha.s prouced. On its first distribution, ram in- formned that His Majesty summoned a Council at I Isdtita, and Olt Mtinis7tes meeting, under the expectation that important matters of State were to be Drought torwarzd, .kus Majesty gave the Prefect ofPolice a long and severe reproof, and left the O6uBeil-room with many angry threats. Since that l time there has been a greater surveillance than. usual exercised over the city. Patrols of police, headed by the Prefect, have perambulated the, Toledo and -the neighbourhood of the Palace every night,. and as, during the summer evenings - va st crowds assemble there, if possible,.to catcha brath of fresh air, vain attempts have been made to per:-< suade themLa to go hQone. The students, tj6,6_ who here, as. i{t mosti countries, cause some. little disquietude,. haFve been called before the:1 commnis3saries of their maious quarters, and coun-. so3led to be quiet and orderly and not to listen-to t he illusions of the Liberals8. l'hus, there, is general. fear, and suspicion, and a looking out for sOmething,. which something the Liberals have moulded;i form and have long believed to he moderate, con- *1 atoitutional liberty, the gift of the Western Povwero. Alas, what disappointment have the discussionsCi&i the British- Parliament occasioned! Atnd so theingiloqueat exprsions of sly Lord Clarendon.. and the declarations of statesm en of France and t England .have dwindled downl to a feeble whisper . , . . with assigh from I*ord PaNlmerston that with regard to Naples and td Rome he does not despair, b-cause, forsooth, the King Df Naples may feelnliore confidence in advice cominig from another. (GoPernment.' Now, it is wrell known; that many years ao an understandiing was come to b etwee- Austra and -the TwroSicilies,ithattheir Governments shobildbe assmiilated asnearly asposible. A treaty to that effect . wa agreed upon s6 far back as' 1815 -'and since' that . time not only has the greatest harmony existed-15e tween 'tlhie tw6o conmtine3, bht the greatest xmibser4. ,:vie;xcy;'h4s beeu paid..by the lesser to thelrger Sta.te; so. that 1;aples has politically lived; anid mo3ved, and breathed through Austria. Well, then,. -the Emperor is to counsel his shadow; whatwill: 'that counsel.be ? It is only xtecessary to observe the; system which is pursued in Austriato have a full and. eufficient answer. lIasthat sFatembeenimnrovedby t'herecentOoneordat? Doesthatremarkableaocumen display any increased tendency to nmental or personaI ibirty ? Taklng -the- spirit of that Concordat into consideration, could any Tma& in. his senses say thatV it -would inspire any hope of popular institutions2 Yet Austria is chosen at this important crisis to counsel a Sovereignr who is. bound to Assimilate his Governmnent to that of his lord paranount, but *whose people are. eager -for a constitution-and Lord Palmerston "does not despair." Of ,course the position of ErLs Majesty has been; fstrengthened by recent events. He first defied!i England, and . now he laugh s at her, and, rules his" countrywitli a firmer handthan ever. Will Lord: Pe1inerston make shipwreck-of his political reputatation on the Italian question ? Hitherto we English have felt unbounaed confidence under his. protection,andltalianshaveadopted his name almost: as the watchword, of liberty, but it cannot be dis-. 'guised that,as matters now stand,the feeling towards: hiB Lordship is one of distrust. The work 6f forti-. fication is. sti going on in various parts of the kingdom, and a commission of generals re- cently examined the batteries of Mlolo. Defiance i without and viithin is the order of the day, and while foreign Governments are insulted, not- even is a little finger lifted to relieve the: burdens of the people. 'Observe the tone of the; proclamation I send -you when it exhorts all honest -men to unite under the banner of the national and fearless Government. There was considerable fear of a disturbance Iast Saturday, as Campagna, it was Vsaid, had made preparations for a " candid and spontaneou manifestaiuon." Many of the Liberals, armed at all points, had resolved to meet the party, but through the firmness and the prudence of Bianchini the evil was anticipated, and Caimpagna, pit was reported, was 'put under arrest in the refett(ira. Indeed, it is suiprising that so perni- cious a momber of society has been maintained in i powver so long, and there can be only one method oE explaining it, whlich is that his worship of the Adorato ed Assoluto Padrone has saved him; that one article of his political creed is a mantle as large as charity, and. any one who professes it in this country will have wealth and honours lavished upon him. On Monday last Sir William Temple, so long Minister at this Court, left Naples for England in a most precarious state of health. In private life his urbanity won for his'the affection of iall who knew him, while his sympathies with-the Neapolitans, and his nnshrinking advocacyoE their cause, and his active and valuable assistance' in times of great danger have secured 'for him3elf the respect and gratitude of the nation. hlVoever may be his successor, he may be a more energetic mUiis. ter-and greatly to be desired is an energetic mnan at thiis crisis-but *se can have none whose opinion on the Italian cause was so deeided, SO well founded, and so consistently maintained. There are many now in other countries, whos eyes this statement may meet, who are indebted for their present liberty, perhaps existence, to the proteCtion of Sir WYilliam Temple. I have often heard the indifference, nlay, the opposition,. of a French Minister to the Italian cause lamented, and the successfll influence which thae Court eercised over the Legation asserted. Whetlher that regret had any foundation it is not for me to judge; but I never heard sueh a charge insinuated against our late Minister. His opinions have beeninvariably. the same, and his conductv was ever in perfect harmbuy with his opinions. The Qircumstances. -under' which Sir William Temple leaves Naples. may. jstify me perhaps in speaking of him not, only.as.adiplomatist, but as a private character. 'His urbAnity andl kindness will long be remembered by alL.who. had the. honour of his acquaintance; while -his charities to the poor were as exteinsive as they were secret. Many whom his bolnty fed will deeply lament his having left Naples. !
. . THE MEDTTERiANEAN. fA summary of the following, received by electric tale. graph, appearedia cur second edition, of yesterday *-] SOUTHEMPTON, AUG. 5. By the Peninsular snd Oriental Company's stemship Euxino, Captain Kellock, with the India, China, and Me. diterranean mails, in charge of Lieutenant Hay, R.9., Admiralty agent, we have dates from Alexandria July 22; Malta, 2Gth.; . Gibraltar, 31st. 'rne EVinao brings 6Ipassengers, and on freight 2,009 bales of silk, 600 sacksof wheat, anl 9 packages of general merchandise. The Ei=ine ados not bring the Royal party from Onde, as asserted. The ex Queen, their Royal High. nesiss, and suite are at Cairo, swaitingthe departure of the next maui steamer. - I Iaring the homeward voyage this pacL-et experienced strong headwinds. Outhe.27thuUt. she passedthe wreck ofthstea-hip SpaAn on the Cane-rocks, and shortly afterwards saw a screw-steamer standing off and on, appa. rentlywaiting for fine Weather to visitthe vreck. On the 30th uIt. spoke the brig Chesterfield, -off Gibraltar, steering to the westward. On the 31st passed the schooner Maid of Athens, in lat. 36 25 N., long. 7 20, stearing north-west; on thelst inst.,ofEtbe Burlings,passedfime screwsteam-transport W. S. Lindsay, No. 93, vith artillery on board for England, and the mail steamship Sultan, withL the Peninsular mails, steering for Lisbon. Her Majesty's steamship Tartarus was at Alexandria when the Euxine left. At Malta were Her 'Majesty's ships Algiers and Perseverance. The latter vessiel had been ashore three days on JI - Point, in the gret.harbour, but was again afloat. Thieyweie both-homeward. bound, ' Ittefligemncefrom Gibraltar is to the 31st ult. Her ijestys screw line-of-battle-ship Royal Seorge, Captain Robinson, aiochored- off Ragged. Sta on the night . of the 2$th, with the wvhole ofthe s2a Reginment, under the com- of iaeutenanit ColonelRobinsRon, and the right win of-tle50th Foot, from-tha Crimea, bound for Spithead. She left on the.following day. The-steam-transport Pacific. arrived' atGibraltar or the 26th, cn 'ouite to Smdthead, with .40' oMcers and 60S men of the Laud Transport Corps. Tha Pacific. spoke on .he. 20th, off Cape Bonn, the British brig Rebecca, from I.iverpool, bound eastward. This transport sailed f9r her destination on the 26th., Her Ma!esY?s steamer: Centaur, Captain Clifford, returned fr'om idaii: to her. armehorage in the Bay on the 27th nlt., with. the late Civil.Givernor, Don Domingo Veelo, six military oScers, and 13 others n board. The 30th Regi. anent, under .the~ inamnd of ,ieuiteant CoIohe1.Whit. iore, gpitched thieir tents foi their eneampment on. the ,orth frontiexerciing. ground -on the 30th ult., and -to mQrrnft, th.at the. troops arrive which are to relic ve the 13th '.% d 89th ARegiments, .nder orders' for the Cape of Good Hope, that, corps vwuld-vaoate the south barracks and eccupy the encampment, in. order to make room for the 15th nid 96th Foot. Her Msjesty's ship Dngon, with three co;npanies. .fo-the:.Royal Sappers and Miners, from the Criniea to Spithea& si.led from Gibraltar on the morning po the 30th.. -The troopship Simoon was at Gibraltar, 'coaing, having arived from-Quebec on the 28th ult. The 'Gkaltnr.C)vronic,e 'under date'the 30tn sit., says that the following steamn asnd sailing transports had put into'the bay fism the eastward, for Eagland, mnoe italst publication Y,esaterday-after-oon the sailing-transport Burlington, Cptaiu Simpson, fioma.Mlta, having on boardCaptains Clulds andvelly, .Lieutenaits3 e 3fesurier, Goodenough, a;.d WalIer,i belongingwt6-the two companjes of the Royal' Mtllery. on board, ;ad also a few Satppers and liners, all n*der.the ommand of Captaiii Wragge, R.A. The steamftrttrta; Claendon, Captain Mitchell, and the W. S. B;Isds&yj-Capt.ai Western; the former brings Lieutenant. aham,l0uen,; and llhorsesof the Royil?ngriners';iantenamjt .-agee, 73 men, and 61i hb'rses of'the. Land ,TrarnsporkC6zpa, Lieutenant EildahD; li men, and 7 horses' soe,the 72&.Hit,blanders d ieuetensant Chnichester, 11faen,' landaxl osea of o the_0th 0oot; *the; latter with a detach'me!pt otthlloy)lRngimneersand a nmberofhorses. The Classadon.svekoAhe brigElizibeth, fmomAlexauderforFal,meuthnS ou .canuasy last; - out 19 days; and passed a rmn-oftir -steamer:bonndLtoMalt, ' 'On thie28th she also passed nethet'hteamer steering eastward.- This 'morning the stem.-.tYsnePert :Clyde. -aptain HedesNon, brnging Un~wrnis of.400--of. the.- .and: -ansport Corps, under the ordersof 'Capttamn.M'i7eil and the reraainder of the -Bila slkmycRailsway Corpss in charge of 'lr. Donald Campbell; Iromm theSrimea, rand.7itrodp of -Hlorne Artmierv from Senttw-llnderr/tbejcdzdmtaud of Gaptain Taswell, R.h.: The illajetto-J.i6r'-hiredbark, Captain Owent, with a cargo of tretDnapdstores ;. and theBritish .ip Thedahis, w.bh woodeni Shuts:Und sXtoresa 'Her 3Majestys a steamrer- Banshee, towring .Ith alling-transtport Gertrude, anchored off Ragged Staff bort-ly aftertO-'10oclckthis iiornaiag."- :* :
H{ISTOIRE DU 0OISiULAT ET DE LViXM- - ~~PI.RE.* "4 The Council-Tarragoni-the P qss of the Niemen;"-such is 31. Thiera's snamzy:of the .momentous. period extending from March, 181I, to June, 1812. Seven short years had elafsed since the proclamation of the Emapire, and "' victorythe divinity from whom! ;poleon expected everything," had given it a prcstige far above the oldest herediar monarchies. It was now-mo he decreed, and Josephine, like Catherine of Araon, was maCri'ficed to the decree-to become hereditary. On the 20th of M1arch, little more than a mont. aer Georga IIL. sank 'ito his last long imbecility, an event took plate, the prototypei inl all its circun.- stancesof that which has hardlypassed out of newspers into histozy, the birth of the King of Rome. The state of the Empreswmwa critical, and the courage of: M. Dubois was severely taxed, but Napoleoan had the feelings of a husbanda and 'urged him to sacrifice, if naecessary, the infant to the mother. " At las, on the morning. of uarch 20, the cshild to whom such lofty destinies were now promised, and who realized nothing in his after career but exile and death in the flower of his age, came into the world without any of those mishaps that were dreaded. Napoleon received it in his armns with ford delight, and when he knew that it was a boy was touched with a sentiment of pride which lighted up his countenance, as though Providence had granted him in so hnpbrtant an event a new and more signal token of its protection. After presenting the infant to bis family ana Court, he consigned it to 3iadame deMontequiou. who was appointed governess of the children of Franoe. The cannon of the Invalides now began to announce to the capital the birth of the heir destined to reign over the largest part of Europe. Notice had been already given that if the infant should prove a boy, instead th 21 p,us 101 should be fired. The whole people left their ouses and' thronged the streets, counting with extreme anxiety the reports of the cannon. When the 21st gun had: been fired they felt almost as much joy as at the most brilliant epochs of the reign, and, in spite of many causes of sadness, som-ae of which aTe known to us, while others remain to be told, thev rejoiced to see this pledge of peWetuity given by2rovidence to the dynasty of apleon. obthat there was any longer the exuberant and enthusiastic joy of earlier days, when Napoleon wss regarded solely as the saviour of society, the resorer of religion, the author of national greatness, the invincible and segaCious warrior, who fought but to secure a glorious and lastingpeae GloomyforebodIngs, inspiredby this ezorbiant genius, hd chilled affection, d ruled tgonquility, and alarmed foresight. -iaevesthele;s men abandoned themalves friesh to joy, and renewed their connidence in the destiny ofe he greatCman whom eaven seemed so snaifeselyto favour." We shall not follow }t. Thiers throngh the details of the commercial and religious crisis that now occupied the spare sours of the Emperor. The tory of palics is always the same, bt to the una- voidable effects of the continental system nnd the orders in Council were soon added nem and exceptionalcauses of distress. these were in England the recent introduction of machine-labour; in France the intolerable pressure of conscription; on tthe rest of the continent the ufair operation of the French license svstem. A few months before the Luddite riots and Mr. Brougham's protests against the Orders in Council, while Lord Sidmouth was preparng to "crush sedition," and half Eiurope was muttering curses, Napoleon addressed the Chambers of Conunerce in language which now nraokes T' smile. Hie had lent money, like our oT Government (a transaction which MA. Thiers masre. presents), and endeavoured- to restore credit by [large fictitious purchases. Ee now lectures thet: I for improvidence, telling themb that "he knowSv 'their business better than they know hi3." As ii ithe evl were not that neither party knewIris ovwn, and that the speculations of the Emperor were a thousand times more ruinous and rimiaul than those of the merchant. " The Council"' has little interest for us. The respective claims of the Emperor and Pope in the nomination of bishops-whether Rome or AvIgnon nshould be the Papal residence the temporal Sove'dreignty of the Holy See over the Central Provinces of Italy-come to us but as echoes of that gigantic warfare between force and fraud that once conwevulsed Christendom. But owhen we read Mw Thiers's account of the proceedings, of zeal thai would have done credit to a EGldebrand or an Innocent alternating eith a ludicnrus dread of the Dac EdeRovigo, of the mesages that passed between notre Dame and the Tuileties, and of the general attitumd, something between Henry VIII. and Cromhwell held by the Emperr towards the prelates, resee that, the giant. "Pope" had becometeven ivore decrepit since Bunyan's days. "It was an excellent tine," said Cardinal Maury, recommendingprivate conferencesowith the leading eccle-ias'tics, "sbut better in bottle than in cask." Yet lNnpdleon himself, though personally he cared no more for the clergy than for physicians, though he had 'doomed Pins VIE, to a confinement at Savona more solitary than his own at St. delena, though he ridiculedewhat was hardlylee s than a general council of the Westernfmpire as "a d e convention Hde devors"-" querelle de pretres," was too much a 'mani of the woorld to neglect so trustworhy a 'barometer of religious sentiment. aWhen the result fell short, though but little, of his wiashes, he felt 'himself "'morally beaten." As for x Biers, he ;has his OWn notions of what tho decision should have been, and vely descants, as a Furenchman vell may, on the nischief of "deliberative assemiblies." istorians fix the year 1811 as the culminating 'point of hsapoleonts fortnes. Bat Geovernment by satrapies' has its inconveniences, and Bonaparte confessad hinself less happy than Gteghis EhGian. Adn foreign enemies but 'england seemed crashed since Wagram; but the qel ample of Louis ip Holland might .prove contagious. Joseph was tired of his crown, ibut was told that, though he miht, indeed, vacate the i: curial, as all officer of the French army he would be corzpelled to remain at his post. "uFamily scones," a M. Thiers calls them, fere unpalatable to one waho boasted of hisimapt of fraternal affection. The unfortunate Joseph petitioned for the chief command; ihe was told through a Minister that "cGod had not made him a General ;" he begged for increased rs'sources; he w as reminded that ;ars should support themselves.. Andso wtith a heavy heart he returned 'to' the contest, the saquel of which proved the wisdomeof his sutgestions wehere he continued to 'rceive that serieasof pitFant despatches which have lAtelygatified the pubec curiosity. 'a. 'Thiers tellsmthe familiar tale of the Peninsular War with clearness and vigour,shuows a full consciousness of its smportance, and a just sense of the faults of generalshilp an administration which contriebuted to the issue. To save the credit of the French arms at the -expense of the Emperor, and ;without conceding too much to the English, is natu- hclly-. hethiers's taste, anldit is one wich involves some -ineonsistencies. Tf we were " as odious to rthe Spaniards as -the French themselves," why did oina- and the -Empecinado harass only the latteru He cannot speak more severely than Napier of the .horrors that succeed storming. iBut whien he says that ' "such stinmulants are unnecessary with Freneh soldiers,' he' seems to forgeht the barbarities I'sseldom equalled and never- surpassed" of lashena'a&etrea,the burning of -Banresa, and even ~tW.-alaughter-' of imrensiting citi2ens -i Tarragona, hich'he touchessotenderlr in the same chapter. Of conrs he £neers a$- Wellngton for preferring'well-chosen defensive positions,as he was accustomed to-do:in presence -of thbe impetuous soljtliers of thie French army," while he censure3 puan with- an awrkward humanity for the ,srifce- of his' troops before Badajzos But heamtjhe "confusion" of FErench affairs' in ,;pain, - Ls the EmE?eror's resolution to solve all H.ficullties.: elsewhere 'by the 'Russian expedition' 4 pen siefuestWe" arid is not dzled 'by Suchet's. becceasin the East into a false estimate of the whole'~ampag. E'' "Thus" 'saps 31. Tiaers. "in order tox take Valencia, which wveTakened us by scattering our ' ories; lwe -lost Badajomind Ciudad Rodrigo, the. nlyfriit of two :hrd canmpaigns, the only serious bstacle which could be opposed to an offensive Jmovement on the pst-of-the English." ,The factis that ntbiis war the two chief defecta if9apoeon's character and policy. were developed-L -thei rcgitiznnteend. -3red,a he wAs,amid the tidergencieq. of a revolutionary period, his *hole career was a continuous tissue of masterly'expedients Ond decisive blows. - Of those agencies which "1 are notireated, but grow," he knew little. ,Everything seemed to him mechanically compressible. He felt and saidc that "he.could not himself be everywhere," but he did not discern the linit beyond which organization is powerless. - Allwho did discern it were in his viev "'Ideologa.its.- The remark of M. Thiers onv his atteahpt to arrest:the laws of poitical economy inv the' cone=rciAl distress is yet more applicable -to the dewign of conciliatin6 thahearta of the SPaniards by iencWblayonet and tax-gatherers. a peen I ' Yis&iire dConsnt et dc?Elnpire, ? A. ThioA Tomn teizime- . I D ' : : discovered itoo .lato ihat tIlo. are miseries agaiust which human gnius-and- will how mighty soever they be, contend in; ain,." It would bowell if M. Thien wrea " eloqt.ut against the crines as he ig against the blunders of nilitary desposm. The other defect;as the moral aibit t e continuedrevekses -Unm pou th co, onew of highr-r---caes to be carried out by himself, though .sde& ent- of him, he felt wo j Jr vital part by dixsuters ca lted to affectg-s own destiny. The English, whose "aoldity,"who incapacity to aerwhen theywerebeaten, whoie naval supremacy seemed to tten permaaeat xesitnce, provoked him to the quiick. Re 'wlib was now preparing, a monster expedition ith ia msot laborious caiculatioi and the most Iavi expenditure of time and resouroe, kes,t dictitirg impossible enterprfies, designed to " dnvotheEn. 11th into the se," .to his 3ashl in Spain, and dii gracing them for their faiure. Nelfson felt nervou twitchaga whenl hesawt aFrenchasan, but Ifapeilti detested England with te whole energy of his flery nature. He hailed Alexander's declarationl- T1Isit that he "hated the English"asthe basis .a sound alliance, and yet with a Ind of u tion " never openeI any one of hisgreatwars without a sort of pacific overture to the English." IMuch of this narrative is but too sugestive. Even then the Frerch were "more activand more accustomed to privaetions than the English." The grand mListak-e the a,ault of the Rdn-h6 nlot pishing the approaches far enough--was after a no new thing. It caused jiaf the prodigibut slaughter at Badajo, exceeding that of Vellington's greatest battles, and wais commorly remarko&1bi the French engineers inthePeninsula. Yet, inspits of all, Providence declared for the good cause; Though we do not, with Sir A. Alison, recognize in the 8t of January, 1812, the watershed (so to speak) separating the diverging streLmis of good and ill fortane, it was about this time that the change came over the French empire. Welling. ton, " l'heureux WYellington," as MZf. Thiers calls hit, " un capitaine fatal pour 1uii (Napoleon) et pou;r nouS" seized opportunDities, if he could not invent them, 1,aud despotism, which with proverbial wastefulness had "eut down. the t7.e to obtain the fruit," lost not o this fruit, but T3e prime object of its ambition.. To this we now hasten. There is something Herodotean in the art with which IL Tsier dwells on al the causes and prelminaries of this awful catastrophe, the dMnouement of which will doubtless occupy his next volume. It was in Mlarch, 1811, that the withdrawal of part of tlhi Russian forces from the Danube roused the suspi-' cions of Napoleon. It operated on him like the burning of Sardis on Darius, and we could almost believe that he Towed daily to "remember" theRussians. The European Courts were obseqvuou Io but the wiser might discern inthe people that sullexi temper which combines prudence with the thirst for. revenge. 'The Emperor of Austria secretly fomented the susceptibility of German patriotism, while he cringed to his " formidable son-in-law." The King of Prussia maintained a disposable force more thani triplin in number the ostensible army of 42,00{ prescribed in the treaty of Tilsit. Of both it might be said, " On serait allie de la France, mais allie peu actif, et, comme la Rusaie, on tacherait d' obtenir quelque chose h la pain sans 'avor-t -ague pendant la guerre." The petty Courts of Fiermany, with Bavaria at their head, were " al, ways listening to hear the intentions of the giantswho habitually trample them under foot." Swedenhad recently elected Bernadott eCrown Prince, and from that moment was lost to French interests-the only one among the many crimes related in thisvolume-which seems really to move i. Thiers's3 indignation. Denmark adhered faithfully toFrance, and, it must be confessed, mlet withW a generous return. The Turks were engaged. in fighting and bargaining with Russia for those provinces vhich havo had so large an influence on Europe, and had not yet heard of that perfidy on the part of Napoleon which caused them to hastenthe peace. ' Far from being inclined to fight on our side, they were determined to fight neither for nor against any one, con'vinced that the object was to make use of them At one moment and to abandon them the next." in June the ambassadors of ail these Powers crowded to the imposing ceremony of the baptism: "What a mournful srprse if behind this scene oE prospeity and gndenr had suddenly been reve-led all that rain, all tot carnage and conflagration, with the flames of Moscow, and the ice of the Beresns, Leipsic, Fontainebleau, the Isle ofElba. St. Helena, and, finaRy, tha; death of this augast childi at 18 years of age, in exile, with*out one of those crowns now accumulxted on his head, and' al those further revolutions 'Which were to rase his fanily after having brought it low." A Sear passed away, and there was another gathering of subject and allied princes at Dresden, :this time without the representatives of Russia. How this interval was employed we musti leave our readers to learn from M. Thiersa's pages. His facts, drawn, as he assures us, liom - sources hitherto -snexplored, the original>. letters o' Xnapoloa. lDavoust, and Rapp (Minister 'of War), remove all dloubot that Alexander was sin.: 'cerely esirous of peace, and exhausted everymeans Lof honourable concession. He was willing to necept any reparation that Napoleon might offer for the' annexation of Oldenburg, to carry out the Conti-: nental system ti a point only short of the Berlin and Mlan decrees, and to disarm when Napoleon should relinquish hift menacing position. But he would not consent to the reconstitution of Poland,' and, whatever our sympathies, it is abundantly clear thataleon was but trfing with Polisn patriotism 'for his i-n aggressive purposes. Two succesve' French ambassadors at St. P'etersburg, capable of appreciating Alexander's noble conduct, assured their master that there was no desire for war on the 'Dart of Russia, that her attitude was one of sad, 'but resolute expectation. Fouch,4 risked his displeasure for a second -time by an elaborate memorial against the expedition; Combanira s expressed in an interview the grsvest apprehensions. Perhaps no crime was ever nore deliberate, more profoundly planned, or screened by more systematic dissimulation and falsehood; and yet this crime, like so many others, proceeded from infatuation. Napoleon I adAtted this at St. Helena, and M. Thiers's details 'confirm it. He believed the war to be inevitable, and, his own will co-operating with the imaginary necessity, it became so. For a whcle year the vast resources of an empire ' nightier, thoughI less soundly compacted, than that, of ancient Romle were strained to the utmost, eonscription had been pushed in Frauce by armed detachments to thes verge of rebellion. Every State of Central Europe had furnished its reluctant quota; even Spain had contribaited the glite of those forces that could so ill be spared to swell the grand total of 600,000 men, either on theNiemen or in reserve; the continent had been scoured for the "at&ied of war, and the means of transport; lrhal Davoust had been, occupied for manymonthg in organizing and drillingbn the Prusian fronti:er; Ney had been specially. retained for emergencies in which there might be heed of dashing energy. Murat had arrived froni Naples to resume his old command of the cavalry. N6othing was wanting that genius-the genius of common sense-ana a milita7r system unexampled' in history could extract from this guilty crusadenothing that could addo the horror ofSa catastrophe "the greatest without doubt and the most tragical of all ages." We would gladly part on good terms with a writer who adds to thenational virtues of style, livelines, netfe¶,a;ndprecision, the merit of treating aDeriod so nerly contermporary without reference to existiag theories and passions. Wfe are 'willing to overlooi occaional sfEectations, if not defects of caudour, in! so delicate a tak. It is better to stagger under the weight of a subject than to reduca the burden at the exense of historial fidelity. But a cold: and p* do-philosophical tone of principle we cannotpardon. ItUi noDlongerper-missible towsk - of unscripulous ambition without reprobation, or to-' dimissa iniquitous schemnes with common-places on the superiority of " the universe" to human genius; Old-fashioned historiams have-a better morslitythan: this, aui the 'world cannot7et afford to do withoutit, .
THE FRE T?ADE COOGRSS AT - ~BRUSSELS. ef oinmsationn congre; about to be convoked at Brinseel on the 22a and two following days of September, ander the aursaces of the Belglau Free Trade- Assocation, proms to be an ccasion of some inteiest, raising as i£ vrll do, ss a bsis for further emstoma' reforms, after teWnriul of nine years, when the last conference was held tN;ri, and under more favourable circumstances, the disc,nsiin of questions affecting the mansufacturing and commeicil relatidns of differt countries ibtheach other, ard the ceononmic conditions on which the labour of each ration deends. Both in this country and on the continent exer. tignjs are being made to give publicity to the projest, and pjzctical and scientific men of all countries engaged in trde, comnmerce, and public employments have been invited to attend. The Chambers of Commerce through-utc te united kdngdom have been especially solicited to send delegates, it being rightly conceived thatthey,-of all men, will be able to throw light on the subjects to be bra-glit under discussion, and to demonstrate from their own apractical knowledge and experience the precise operatiEn-injurious there can be no doubt-of the restrictions stiflinposed by various countries on the international commerce of the civilized world. *T he Chamber.s cf Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Bradford have already heartily expressed their sympathy with the olTects of the ineetingby stating their intention to send tiprsentatives; and it is expected that those of manchestes, Liverpwool, Bristol, and many other towns will make a similar response. The council of the- Society of Arts have regiested their chairman, Cololnel Sykes, who is also, as is well known, the chaiman2 of the Court of Directors of the East IndiA Company; Mr. Thomas Twining, jun., vicepresident; and 21r. T. Winkworth, to represent them at the conferences. Mr. Cobden is also expected to be present, tiough up to yeserday he had not yet signified his assent. It is, however, a mnatter of doubt that he will be able to attend, as it is understood that the loss of his son, wlhich he has felt so poignanuty, has of late led hina to seek for a time a comparative seclusion from public life. It may be in the recollection of some that a similar congress of political econqmis, convened by the same association as the forthcoming one, was held for three days in Bra-sels so far bank as 2eptember, 1847. At that meeting the general effects of the freedom of commerce, as we'd as several special questions belonging to it, were examined and discussed, and the result was that resolutions were passed to-the effect that, in the opinion of the Congress, freedom of commerce was a want of human society, and would draw ustions closelytogether, which, far from beconingtribtLtsry one to the other, would lend each other a mutual support; thnA it woulld extend production, and put industry beyonT the reach of violent changes, inevitable with markets confned by prohibition; and that it would ameliorate the condition of tho labourinDg classe by denmauding less labour in exchange for more enjoyruent, and deetroy 6 constant canse of demoralization. At the forthcouing Congress the two q-uetions to be submitted for consideration are-first, 'What are the artifeial or natural obstacles opposed to the extension of the commercisi relations of the country to which each member belongs?'l and, second, "What are the practical means proposed, or to be proposed, in each country to remove or diminish the obstacles which impede the extension of commercial relations with other nations 15 In answer to the first question each member of the Congress wiL be requested to state the facts which relate either to his country at large or to his particular industrial or conunercial pusuit; and the reasons, if any, why customs' or other re6trictionest sould be maintained in countries with. which his country has commereial relations. lUpon the second proposition each member will be desired to furnish such documents as he can give upon the subject, as well as a 1s-esumd of his views and opinions upon it. A distinct intimation is given by those charged with the organization of the Congress that it is notspeeches that they so much Want as accorate and serious statistics or propositions embodying facts, and leading to practical results beneficial to all, their fi-m conviction, they say, lesing that, if the Congress can co7lect a mass of facts sffciently evidenced, it wll be proved to demonstration that it is not by embarrassing bhut by encouraging trade between nations in every possible and legitimate manner, without Zavour or privilege to any one, that full development can be given to tahe productions of labour, and consequently to labour itself. The object of the meeting, it, short, is to collect and form an assemblage of facts, ideas, and theories relating to trade esbetweennations, and to deduce from them practical conclusionsforthe benefit ofeach nation inparticu.ar and of the humanrace in generaL They edd that theCongress 'sill be a corollary to the Exhibitions of 18l51 and 1S55, and that specil circumstaces will give it a character of utility and of opportunity it would probably not have at a later period-adverting to the exhibition of products manufac tured for the nse of the most numerous classes of society, organized with the aid of the Belgian Government, and to a conference among the influential men of Belgium for the deliberation of the special subject of public philanthropy to be held on the 15th of September.
ZONDONY ZIPE ASSOCIATION. TO TIIE EDITOR OF THE TiMES. Sir,-On my return to town this morning my attention has been called to a letter inserted in your City Article of Saturday relative to the London Life Association, in which the writer charges those who are proposing to divide a part of the accumulated profits with endeavouring to evade their liabilities. As Ilhad the honour to move the resolution which has been carried at two successive general meetings of the association, you will, I am sure, allow me to correct the error of your correspondent as to the effect of this resolution, and absolve the majority who voted for it from the charge of repudiation, when I explain to you that the London Life AEsociation, formedapon the avowed princple of mutual isurance, and of applying all profits yearly to the reduction of the annual premiums, has, in consequence of that principle not having been effectually carried out, become possessed of an accumulatedcapital arising from overpayments in the members' premiums chiefly within the last 30 years, to the extent of between 400,0Q0L and 500,0W00. Of this accumulation the directors proposed to divide 2:30,000., but their mode of division was in the way of reduction of the future premiums, so as to give to the younger members the greaterpart of it. The accumulation having been formed by the over-payment apast premiunms it ought on division to be given back on the amount of past premiums paid by each member. This is the object ofthe resolution your cozrespondent decries. The equity of it is, however, so manifest that it is not necessary to say a word in its defence. Yourcorrespondentcontends thattheseaccumulationswere pledged to the reduction of future premiums. But no such pledge was ever given. I read to the meeting the prospectuses to wvhich your correspondent refers, and they mauifest2y contained no such pledge. but, on the contrmry dis. tinctly state that the higher premium paid by each member for the first seven years furnishes the means of reduction for tie remainder of life, the tables being, in fact, so calculated as to afford at least 60 per cent. redaction after the fint seven years. This your correspondent. and every other memaber in his circumstances will xeceive, and every pledge of the company wil be fu2ly redeemed. But it would be inimstrons to assert that the portion of accumulations which all are agreed upon dividing, should be distributed in such a ratio that those who have contributed the least to its formatio shoEuld receive the greater part in its distribution, I have the honour to be, Sir, Yours verv faithf,,ll ROB3ERT BAXTBR. Aogus- 5.
HORTH WOOL Icrz PLJIr.AY. TO TPE E'DITOLR OF Tfl: TIIES. Sir erbe -Ms to be a kind of oetto n between he eor ungerss ol raiwaY commueniating with the Thames In beating impedimests to the development of traffic and occasioning inconvenience to the Pasengers who patronize thec routes. The aloth Kent haS lon been al f alsence of regularity dt intermediatei beatin 'whlchor iat led to merouS remonstran,te, and t at lengthi a beast sens efect buttha ralwaIs!2w likely to be far outrva llerdbyathe tmo th powic line, the traixns oi which myself onde andav reay benerad tne. Two friends and mysef 0 ondaexMececlthemiseryetaedba detention Of at east one hour over the etariedace bhy fortheoSrformance of this shormtt pner.od bettesary Woolwch about half-pat 1P9 aftertvr sife sto a on the route, -we reached Fenchnrch.street about l!) miinuLtes before mnidnight. hTearlY -half an hour 'wAs absorbed by a protracted detention before we arrived at th;u latter station, and, accordinig to the reprezenintiona of fellow-passengers, this is no ordinary occuie ce. It was n,6tired before 'wec started that the attention of the offcials 'wis anything but courteous, 'winch 'was fully corroborated on urallhtngat ozur destination, for ane apocal t a-te oni the subject of th oa a eevdvtcomparative Indlifference. Of course, the public grumble at theze delays, and attribute them to the pra;pr causes-i4nsuicient super. intenden2ec, and neglect in general managemnent.- yerhap a, woradfrom that potent authority Vtce Time may induce the directors to look into thae matter and miake better regula. Eo6ns for Oth fhtr-e- PATERFAMIXAS 1IaLT ThADIS.-We have autrity tov X a th5. fhe q~astit of maTh ir t;Ee stocs ~of the severa atisnd£t dire1a nd 1,, dX to be rid 3s S3S,95Og., s:nder tb.e pronieies of tfie 4tlSb £rnd2th of vba* cp. 8t.
OAKS OorZERBY ST-IKE TO THE EDIT-OR OF TRE- TIbM. Sir,-Tin your paper of Saturday there appears a letter from the proprietors of the Oaks Colliery, 'near Barnsley, respecting, the strike, which, unfdrtanately for both parties, exists under somnewhat novel ciiumstancesA to which we, as poor men, crave the indt1gence of making the following reply public through the same mediumn. We pass over the first paragraph and the two following sentences, as they are foreign to the subject in dispute. They say,-." For the more effectual sunervinon of this and several other collieries in the distnc%, Ur. Woodhouse sent down, in February last, Mr. Brown to reside at Barnsley, he having hadmanygyears' experience in the management of numerous eollieries under Mr. Woodhouse's care in the Midland counties." We do not know what experence Mr. Brow may havehad, nor do we know of what the Midland conuties are comprised by that term. If they mean us to understand the counties of Derby, NottiDghamw and Lincoln alone, we consider Mr. Brown's experience among fire is very limitedX indeed for we are not aware of the collieries in these counties generating much explosive gaz, and without a person bas had mwuh experience in mines which generate lArge quantities of gas be ought not to have the manage. anent of such a colliery as the Oaks, which extends over several miles of workdng undergrotnd. and generates as from neatly every part of it. The statement made by Messrs. Firth and Barber in their letter has considerably lessened our confidence in hfr. Brown's abilities. The next sentenceis,-"In April last our Underviewer removed to another colliery." We do mot untderstand the term of Iunderviewes?' if they call 31r. Coe, who left the Oaks in April, the vinderviewer. We always understood hin to be the manager, and John Baddoley to be the underviewer; the latter has left the Oales colliery since we gave up worlkng thero. The sentence continues-" and Mr. Woodhouse appointed Mr- George Minto to the situatioo, having previousy employed him at several other collieries, and having fulconfidence ir his competency for the office." They do.iot state in wiat capacity Mr. Minto was employed' at these collieries. It might be on the pit hill, or as bookkeeper or horse driver for anything tbat we know. Had he ever held a ituatiou as underriewer, as thtey tern it, twoyears ago ? for we are told by thos5 who know him that he never had such a situation until about 1S mhonths before he came to the Oaks colliery, and that in a very small mine, which was clear of fdn in comsparison to the Oaks. Therefore, his experience is not such as to give us any confidence in his management, and particularly so since we have seen it proved. "-Since his appointment no a1torations have been efected or e.xperiments, excepting at the suggestion or with the full concurrence of -Irn Woodhouse and 'fr. Brown." Then those eminent mining ^ngineers suggeted or concurred 'wllls Mr. Minto experimenting with the air and gas at times when there were 300 persors at wor£k in the mine with safety lamps and naked candwle, thereby endangering the lives of this number of individuals, having 300 lights exposed to ignite the gas. This at once shows the manner in which poor colliers' lives are jeopar. dized. Would any thinking or careful man do *such deeds at suich times? Whv not make those experiments when there are few people in the mine? Are those the acts of a practical and experienced man?7They seem like the deeds of a madmsan. Tihere is neither prudence nor forethoryght int such an act; yet our worthy emp~loyers wish to compel us to work under such an inexpensenced individual * and because we refuse to have our lives sacriffced by his ex;periments we are to be starveI to ffe cs do it. We believe the people of this country, under those circumstances, will prevent it by their genero5ty, There is an old sying that a child which has been burnt is ever afterwardsafraid of the fire." Some of us have been burnt in this vera mine, and we, like children, are afraid of again getting burnt in it. We are therefore determined not to have our Evessacrificed by the experiments of MEr. Mint, for if those eminent mining engineers have full confidence i. his competency, we, after seeing him tested, have not. We wisl to draw particulatr attention to the next sentene, which is written in a manher to decei ve the render: "On the 2d of Juna there was a alight explosion (without injury to persons or pit), occasionea by the neglect of a man who was one of several employed to exanoine the places with a safety-lamp before fing a shot, which precaution, as was pointed out to him aft-erwards by the Goverunment inspector, he had not properly taken. This man was dis. charged for the neglect." The case is this :-On the 2d of June an explosion took place, and a man was injured by it, occasioned by a " stops ping" which directs a eurrent of air having been built by Mrs Iinto, who was previousy told that if he did build it there would be an explosion. An explosion did take place, and a man was injuredby it. Itistrue therewas noinjury to persons, but there was to a person. Is the penning of sue a sentence, which misleads people, honourable to any mian 9 They say this man was discharged; yes, but it wVas not until we had gwiven over w.orking, and Mr. Ito rwished the public to believe this man was the cause of the explosion to screen himself. Again,- "On the 19th of June the men absented themselves from their vorkr, and sent for Mr. Charles Morton, the Government Inspector of Mines for the county, to examine the pit, we making a similar request to that gentleman. Some days elapsed before his numerous engagements enabled him to come; but wre pledge our wrord that in the meantime, not a single alteration wvas madeto affect the general condition of the pit or the state of ventilation.." Here is another quibble with the word "general." Did they in the meantime make any alteration to affect any part of the pit or ventilation ? AIterations had in the meantime been made, and werez pointed out by the depultation to the inspector. We ask the public if such evasions of trcth be honorable ? We only wish the plain simple truth to he spoken, which we have on our side, and vwe leave it with the public to say which is in the right. We believo we hzve only taken such steps as any honest man would take to protect his life. 'They conclude, after giving Mr. Morton's report by saying-" T'he men refase to go to work unless we discharge Mir binto. This we, of course, most positivelyrefuse to do, as it would be a new and curious feature for the proprietors and engineers of collieries to submit to the dictation of their workmen as to vho should or should not he appointed to the subordinate situationa in the management." Mr. Morton suggested several alterations to be mvae in the mine. With respect to the new feature they name is it not a feature with emnloyers as to whethera man shall or shall not work unless he has a '- ticket of leave" to do so from his last employers ? We do not wish to have any further dealings with Messrs. Firth, Barber, and Co., if they will only give us our tickets of leave to work elsewhere Eloping you will give insertion to this communication, althongh it emanates from poor illiterate colliers, T- --- vrm - CORRESPONDING SECR(ETARY TO THE OAMR lt)T.TTP.'q Xn RTPTVP. Barnsley, Aug. 4.
SThE SCAVENGING I- MAR.YLf5OcNE.-For once the harylebone vestry has done a really creditable thing, which the local boards of works throughout the metropolis, in districts where some similar practice is not already in operation, might well imitate, snice it would greatly promote the comfort and convenience of the inhabitants at large. During the present week a local conumittee, embodied in that parish for sanitary purposes, has been trying in different parts of Oxford-street a new process for watering and cleansing the streets which has the merit of novelty. Throughout the greater part of the year, as all know who traverse the thoroughfares of this great city from day to day, the pedestrian has to contend against a choice of evils, being occasionally assailed in some quasters with clouds of dust, while in others, where "it. never rains but it pours," the wateiring process is so; - eraone that if he wishes to cross the street he can - nnly do so ancle-deep in mud. Besides, to ride or drive over t3i_ s'reets so drenched is attended with some difficulty and danger, as they are thereby rendered so extremely slippery that horses are continually liable to fall. The expenment now being tried in Oxford-street does away with all these inconveniences. About 4 oclock each morning a number of water-carts in a line traverse slowly a part of the street, a few hundred yards in length, and sluice it with water, which has the effect of gradually softenine the hard -oat of inud with which it is overlaid. The water-carts then drench it a second time, but are foLlowed on this occasion close behind by a gang of men armed with large scrubbing-brushes, who stretch across the thoroughfare, sweeping as they proceed the mud into the kennel on each side, which, being largely diluted with water, flows to a great extent into the sewers beneath by means of the gullyholes at intervals along the street, and the rest is removed in carts. The gullyholes are protected, so as to prevent any solid matter going down them; and it has been found that afterthe first morning tho plan requires less water, less time, and less labour in the accomplishment of the work. The effect is that the thorougbfa-e thus completely cleansed in the morning is freed from dust durinn the remainder of the day; and in that part of Oxfordstreet between Regent-street and Bond-street, where it has been tried, and again between the end o' Tottenhans-courbroad and Newman-street, the tradesmen regard the change as a, great boon to them. We saw the process in full oteration between 6 and 7 o'clock yesterday morning, and tb only iault it appeared to have was the tardy manner in which it VaS performed. The men engaged in it had commenced work at 4 odclock in the morning, and at 7 tbey had only reached a point about midway between Tottenham-court-road endl Newman-street. At this rate, if they had been required to do the whole of Oxford-street, they would probably have reached tlhe Marble Arch, if they reached it at all, when the street became crowded, by the middle of the aftermoon. That of course could not betolerated, and if the thing is to be done at all it must be wholly done before S in the morning, when the traffic ordinarily commnences. It is, however, butright to repeat that the process is only yet an experiment, and- tbat if it be fonad to answer it will probably be worked in a more vigorous and systematic maanner, by which alone it can give public satisfaction. It is a maniffest improvement, as it is, upon the existing methods of sweeping and cleansing the public streets, and seems to realise that model state of things, the abseuce of which in a great thoroughfere in Westminster elicited the pathetic appeal to E;ng Tiwaites from " Htabitanain Sicco" 3 shorts tome ago, through the columns of this journal. It is also a. small foretnate of the kind of millenniuml yromissd by Sir B Hall inhis Local Management Act; fo t wil be recollected, among other conveniences in which we were to participate, the publie footpaths and thorongbfares wero to be sweat and garnished every morning, and " Yer honoar" was f no fonger tobe importuned foracoperhly "poor aJae" at the crossing, who, after being supplanted by a paid fune- J tionary us livery, was, as some generously supposed, to retire into private life, like other great publie men, on a handsomne allowance from the national purse, Let tu therefore be grateful. 1EF-Uoq 0or BOYS, JUiY, 1856, FoR ETO2e COYMGE AND Ewa ' Con,zoGE :-Eton.-Lewis. 10 yearsx Cole, 1i QCoodricb, 14; lamer, 1S; Bodkin, 11- Holden, 12; Lidiell, 12; Martyn, 11; Thackeray, 11- 6roft, 15- l * Ha'wrey, 10; Snowj14; Varter,1O;andWace, 10. Kigs.-4 soaSoDi 1 yes; elson, 18: Boys, 18:-Mlozley,nr, 18; ; f fB;omsh 17; A Legb,ma., 17- Wlis, 17ard~hsn 17. 8sh 8 tn,1;~isn 7
HEH PUBLIC HEAZTH. (Fron, tWeleglar-Generals Weekly Ileturn.) Th6xi6te of mortality in London is still below the average zate which the inhabitants have suffered informer summers. 1,025 deaths were registeced in the week that ended on Saturday, 'Agust 2; while the corrected average of the 'week is 1,259, or, omitting the week of previous years, when cholera was epideraic, 1,102. Of the persons who diea 515 were females, 510 males; and in the previous week the deaths of females exceeded the deaths of males. Althoizgh the females living in London greatly exceed the mIales in number, the deaths are generally in the inverse proportion. Of 1,025 deaths 595 occnrred at ages under 20 years; 152 were of the age 2040; 120 were 40-60; 123 were 60-80; and 27 were of the age of 80 years and upwards. Two old widows5, one of 95 the other of 96 years, died in Hackney. Of the 152 deaths at the age 20X40 66 were referred to consumption (phthisis), 5 to. diseases of the respiratory organs; in the aggregate 224 deaths in the week were referred to these causes. 3Diarrhoea is the prevailing disease of the week; it kdlled 125 persons-namely, 94.poor infants ander a year old, 17 children of the age 1-2, and two of the age 2-3, and threo of the age 5-10; nine adult; of the age of 20 and upwards; 89 of the deaths were on the north, 36 on the south side of' the Thames. To cholera 16 deaths are referred;. l2childrenunder five years of age died of this disease; the rest were adults. The cleansing operations in the streets and houses should proceed at the same accelerated rate as putrefaetion in this hot weather. When diarrhsea comes on it requires immediite attention. fedical infonnants are requested to state in all cases f- a precise time that intervenes between the stage of diatrhooa and collapse in cholera cases. During the week the births of 869 boys and 870 girls,-in ndl 1,739 childrea,-were registered in London. In the ten corresponding weeks of the years 1846-55 the average number was 1,43L The wind blew generally from the south-west and south- easb during the vweek, which opened in clouds and rain, butbecame bright and cloudless on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. Electricity was positive, and generally of 3moderate tension. The barometer was 30-006 inches on an average, and did not flactuate to any extent. The heat was ex. cessive for this climate. The mean highest day temperature was 82-4 deg. ; the 7nmimum was nearly 90 deg. (9508 deg.) in the shade on Saturday; the mnean lowest night tempera. tare Was 56-1 deg.; and the mea3 temperature of the week was 67-6 deg., or 5 4 deg, above the average. The highest tepraesture in the sun rose progressively from 954 deg. on Sunday to lll 0 deg. on Saturday. The mean texaperature of the Thames at Greenwich vwas 65 5 deg. The air uas excessively dry during the sunlight of the last three days, and dew could only have been deposited on Thursday, in the daytime by a fall oS 25 4 deg. of temperature. At night the air was nearly saturated.
SHIP REWS. T.TVPlRPlnT. A- A as- vrriUInaln, mom ~.orr, nasamsrvenauzAiasoniiam, rater being oD. shore an,d throwing part of ner cargo overboard. I .Auntlyr 5. Wind, S8.AS. The steamer Beaver, from Falmouth, has arrived at this port vith 374 packates ot vselseed goods, ex Zebra. Arzreive-The New York Paeket~ from Quebec-the Marg-aret, from Newfoundland-the Royal Mail 6teaver Hope, ftom Plymointh, and nottbe Niger. as reported-the Taa, from Bombay-the mataouna, from New Orleans-the steamer Delta, from Antwerp. Off.-The Slrador Packet and the Aibinus. SsMled.-The PeDita, for Porto Rico-tbe Judah Touro, for Bostonthe Saratogga. for New York-the Herculean, for eogkong-the Neptune, for Stew Yorkt-the Braganza, for Oporto-tbe Plrinceton and the Isaac BeU, for New York-the Ocean Chief, for Mel'ourne - the Arcadia, for Conetantinople -the Robert Preston, for Bordeaun-the Plaul Frederick, f or =otock-the Irene. for Bombay-tbe J. lii | Vood, for Aden--the Wagoola, for Honglong-tho Henrietta, for Swvineminde. Ior-no.e7, Aug. 5.-Wind this day at noon, N.E. ; pleasant bTreze Ld fiue clear weather. FAj.xousr, Aug. 4.-Arrived, the steamer Ondine, from Dublin. Sailed, the Silistria, for Amnsterdam -the W. Tucker and the Plorent Octave, for London-the Edward, for Westport. Snrmns, AUG. 5-The Othello, in being towed off the ttone, grounded again, causing a great eddq, whereby the A-merimon ship Heni addt>he dbnDAijlaen broakethdeiyr moorngs, obut have sustained only trifling daumige. I-S~r. IaUCr&. JUlY fL-The Iris, of lNewfoundland, hence for Locdoru, iputback onuthelstmat, with onlyher lower mastes_t3nuding, but ccpaired and sailed this inosedug. I Glsw.ocx, Aug. 4.-The ate Borw1ey, ofLondon, mwterlogged and abandoned, was againfallen inwith on the 21st of July by the Mrehioness ot Aiha, turivedi here. GR&VEMEDXA Alu. 4. fB3 SUsss n A-IS B Be T "nAysp.I (From raoyd's.l Arr:ved.-Tbe Victory, from Constantinople-the Pilot, from Hanim Salled.-The Choice, for Algoa Bar.. AuGrst7 S.| 9 SD a m.-ind, ; tlde, 5* bours' ebb, fme. Arrived.-The Prolic, frm Bahamas-the Titania, from Gottenw laIrg. - Sailed -The Albion, for Beorogne-the Meridian, for Rio Janeirothe f'tattos, for Lisbon. 2 p.m. -,-Wind, E; tide, 3 hours' flood; fine. AxriveC-°.he Active, ferm leer-the Afiance, from Gbent-the 37ans Thorswala -om Solerham-the Two Broders, from Dorre Odde -the }lvina and thoenAay, from Cronstadt-the Johanna. from Stoclr holn-the Mriendschaft,i x.gr Neustadt-tbe Diedrelies, from St. Petersburg. 3 p.m.-lv-nd, E; tide, 5 hourf flood; fine.1 Arived.-The StsdtWorcum, from Woreum-the Imperial, from Guernsey-the transport Ayrshire, from Constantinople-the JohnL acid Mary, from Dankirk-the feritas, fromnGuemrey-the Amor. from .ykiobinz-the Catherine, from Gronningen-the trmnsport Sir Charles Pobes, from Balahiava. 730p.m.-Wind, E.; tid, Shourss ebb; fine. Arrived.-The Mtyra, frot Trinidad. Sailed,-The Sunshine, for Busorcnh-the Blenheim, for Icuta . 3)FAe Atso. 5. (BY SnKuDryE ANID Barase Tl G o yn.) jNcomLloyd'e,j 9 am.-Wind, N.E.; moderate and fine. No arrivals. Sailed.-The Myra and the Ayrahire for London-the George Ro gere, for Woolwich. Noon.-Wind, N.3D.- moderate, Passed ote Dungeness on the2,L-The Eger, from Torre Viega, for Dram. PaL-Uzxer Mestva Oyipli u iant, fromn Sherness3 for the wvestward-the Marienne, from Leghorn for Norvay-the Kielsing and the Glerauffe, f-om London. for Newport. 2p..-Wind, N.E. by E,; fresh and fine. No arzivals. Sailed.-The Horton, for Shields. 7 30p.m.-Wnd, N.E.; weather, fine. Arsived and Patsed.-The Fomiot, from New York for Londonthe Cumberland Laws, from Shields for Charente-tbe Bosphorus, from Amsterdam for Abyab-the steam-transport Thamues No. 92, from Cronsstad for the vrestwrd. I PassedlDungeners on the 2d.-The Ocean Sprite, from Shields for Genoa. Onthe 3d-TheNainsen,fr-om g=tosforHarobug. Outhe is.-TheElizabeth Sophie, from Port-au-P1 ince-the Madras, from Shields for Sierra Leone-the Silistra, front Cadiz for London-the Wandering Jew, from Alkyab for Antwerp. Va-ags zpomn;n Wrrr. The bark Coastance, June l?, in lat. 3 N., long. 22W. The brWg Lord Althorp, June 21, in lat. 6 ., long. 24 W. TheZaSihmarn,from the Clyde for Beliro, July 6, In lat. 26 N., long. 5sW. The sip Tomado, from Liverpool for Melbourne, July 2, lr.lat. 10, long. 25.or>Ond,gnnlXtu 827ona g.25 Tao hfplesbllalyth frm Lndon Jue 27 iJ1st 27 lon. lat. t Tharlawkavva-, from Cbarlestcn for I iverpoo], July 28, in t5O2N., The Albion, of Cork, same day. The Fanny, from Trinidad for onudon, July ", in lat. 20 N., long. tow. XtW fro TriDrad for Z;ondlon. Ju1720, in lat 46 2X. I OD6. ;-grhe Aby;ad ,from blattanzas3 for the Clyde, July 21, in lat. 49 N., Kfl3seArnIseat, from Bueo3 Ayres for Soutbanspton, June 15,., The0 Natale, from Bordestunfor Ceylon, Jul 2, In lat. 13 N., lodi5 TheabhrK oX-.noortwarbdlund, JuiM offLim .. 6ThgeMfempbls,fromLteesrDol forNeir York, July9, inlat, 4S, iqig, 5hea,o ndou,otward-bound, Jueae2, inklat 49., N, E. The1t. Petcr, fromn New Yorkfor kdona, iu 3t, 49 X,, long.z 1 mGH WT5a} w5 t THi DAY. , f.tr , 7un.e gx b 3iosp t5qn
.AW R-EP cOD?T Or CRLay, vToas-. 'AGraSi ih NV}lNDUS Y. 'NDIJS.- -31mA"klr% (BOM thLe LORwD C RAN OR thce a .oiws JD s ciss . ~~~~of ApprzAi.) - 'I his appeal from a decree of the Masterof the tolls was aruned a short time back, and stood over for juadgment The testator iii the cause, Thof;tas Indus;, having afamuily of nineo children, of whom fo-ur were acon; by his wall, dated February,. 187, gave to his third soe Eric the sum of 5,tr001., and to i oungest eon ufreadthe ugee f 5,0001. Ho then devisedt allhis Tishl estates to his two oldest sons, Thorras and Ansley, equally betweeni them as tenants in common, and also bqueathed the reasinder of, his personal estate equally to be divided,- share and share alike. Thonas Winduhe the testator's eldest son, died in June, 18of without isse and intesta The testator after-- wards made P codicil to his will, dated 19th of Auagast, 8s43, as follovws, so far as the samoe is material :-h (1Thomas Windus, do declare this to he a codicil to my last will'and testaentert-Whereas since ti making of the said wll my Son Thomae Windus esth departed this lfe. in the place or stead of rim. I do herebyd constitute and apoint mhy son Eric Windug jointly with his brother Ansley Windusp also my daughter Matida Moore, as an executrix in the roomof mny nephew Benjarirnt Godfrey Windus, whoe former appointmreat I dohereby,revoke, beingwell. en-, vanced frons many circumstances that hAveoccurred that he wourldnota:et. I do alsorevokcethelegscies tomyaforesaidtao~ onsX Aasey wand ErIcWindus, and do appoint them residuary legatees, shar and share ale " The testator died on the 13th of Decemdber, 1854, leaving the plaintiff Anpley VWtins; his eldest son andlheir-at-hmtw. The question. raised by the bill was whether the. moimet of the testators' real estate, given by the willto his son thonas, passed by the i codicil to the "residuary leaee, nse adEic r went tothe testatoz9asheir.at.Iawmunter an initestacy. Thewiaster of fhme Rolls took the latter view of the ease, and from this decision Eric appealed. Tireappeal was origginally. brought before the Lords Justices, obut, at their rqwust,h transerred to the list of the-full court. Mr. R. PAs errMoneou. Rogers with him) was heard for the appelanot ; Mr. iw4nsThio (Mr. Lewiapwitl him) supported the decree. The LoRD CsrN vow n ana this day deaverel tne judgment of the Court, mad said that he could not agree with the arpument that bythe first part of the codicil the testator intended to substitute his son Eric for his deceaed sun Thomas, as to all his interes under the will. The fair inference from tniat clause in the codioil was that the testator only had in view the apporntmeut.iof -his son Bric as one of ris executor The r estion therefore was what.was tha effect or that par,e of t e codicil appointing Anvey adnd beic "residuary legatees." Now, unon this point he (the LordChanello) ha com to he suueconclusion as the. tasterof theRolls, theatthe w ords ref red uary legatees' only happied torthe pnal cestae pern wthe testator. Such was£te orraedin Ire m ea g o(the word, C andcrealestate l as seve inludd i thir pertio, ules the intentionx of. presped. There was no such clear ihtentlon vis in te present case, and therefore the whsient of a nthe met befollowqedl, andI the declar-ation-of the Court below aTirmed, that the real estat w of the testator did not pass to the "residuary legatees." Lord Justice Tsj.Nieg concurred wvith the Lord Cha-a cellor. lord Justice K;reGHy Bir c , said att thate view he took ofvthe case vas must probably rroeouots, differing, as it did, from that of the Master of the Rolls, the Lonrd Jutice rn ad the Lord Chancellor. f is Lordship, withoti giving any reasons for suclh dissent, said that the appeal must be dismaissed, Appeal dismisedT; costs to come out of the estate. (Before the Losts CthematerighO. aiRSINDO, V. BRiA_DOy-JUflG25ENT. The question raised byv this petition, argued last 'wee'k, was whether a decree, made as far back as the year 1825, ought to berebeard. TLhe ground for areheariaqa was that. the report of the Master, findiag the next of hum~ Of an intestate, was erroneous, inasmuch as the widow of the inLtes- tate was not included in such finding. The application was. resisted, both on account of theagreat length of time since the decree wras pzrossoznced and alo that an arrangement inight fairlybhe inferred between the parties that the wvidow's claima shouldl be waived. The LoTtb CiLkt,cELLOR. repeated what he stated when the mnatter was previously before the Court, that there was no rule of law preventing this Court from re-hearing a case even after a lapse of 30 years Great inijustice ml"'ht Occur if ansy such inflexible rule were to be, lad down. tach case must depend upon its own merits, and in t-he p resent one he had come to the clear conclusion that beeought to allow the zmatter to be rebeard. There was nothing topresm that the error complaned of had ari-sen from any agreemient betwveen the parties, for it waLs most improbable that the Mfaster to whom the cas-e was referred (SrdrJohin Simeon) would have report ed that crtain perona were next of kidn 'who were not so, merely becuse the patihes to the suit had so arrangedI it. Here e (the Lord Chancellor) would 'have stopped were it not thata letter had beenz left at his private reoam that maorning, signed "J. B. Bran don," and c6ndluaing with. the- words "bila-y I hope, -my namne may remnain privte? Ma, athogh terewasnotin"in the letter of t ws n etrmel iproeract ad asothat b he a ver muh dceied imelfif e tougt tatany private commnictio coud hve he lighestinfuene upon this. (Before the. Lowus Jumerrs of APIR&nA) mxE 5'155CE op NAs.xs ~ SAE AS)ESYITArTeceAL ASsUisASeCa 0oIRiAsmY V. TYMLOCiE. In the report. in The Times of ye-sterdlay morning it is stated by mnistake that the demurrier was overruled by ViceChancellor Kindersley. The statement should have been that it was allowved. ?f'e context showvs that this was a mere slip, bnt the above notice sets the miatter right.
VICE-CHANCEIIOI'S COURT. TtrrsDAY. Arc.. - ST. PAUL V. THE LONDOX AYD BA- NJ)D STOUR VJALLEY _AILWAY V COSPAVNY. BECfore ViCe-6ThanWr SI LR Tf Rrni,:Tv A The question in this suit was whether the company -were liableto pay 51. per cent. interest upon 4,0691. under these circuances_:-It appeared tbatinMay, I28o, the company took certain L-nds belonging to Sir Horace St. Paul for the purposes of their railway, and, being desirous of obtaining possession, a correspondence took place between the respective solicitors of the parties on the subject, which resuted in a letter from the solicitors of the plaintiff, containing an offer to give possession to the company, if they would agree to pay 51. per cent. upon the ourchase-money from the time of ta nIg possession until the completion of the purchase. The company took possession hte 4,0891. was deposited in messrs. Rufford's banlk, which failed, and ViceChancellor Wood decided upon- a special case, that sueh sum represented the purchase-money; andl, some difficulties arising in the payment of the money, by reason of the banknrptcy of Messrs. Rufford, in shose hands the purchase-money was deposited, and delay having taken place in settliDg the purchase, the company contended that from Ibe time of the deposit all liability ceased having regard to the acts of the parties, both parties alleging delay o0 the part of the other which prevented the oDmpletion of the purchase. Mr. BaiUy and Mr. G. L.. Russell anpeared for the pLaintif, Mr. Glasse, ML. lledge, anud 31r Speed appeared for the railway company. The VsCs-COswNcELLOsc thought that the plaintitfwas entitled to interest atv oper cent, from the tire of taking ;csession down to the time of the assent to receive a dividend under the bankruptcy, being a view taken by neither party. Vice-Chancellor Wood had decided that the 4.0691. deposited was the plaintiff's purchase-money; and in that decision his Honour quite concurred. If by arrangement the money had been taken out of the bank the interest would bave ceased to run, and the assent to receive a dividend was the same thing; and therefore n-ithin that period the plaintiff was entitled o 51. per cent. interest.
£OU47T of BA1'KRUPTCY, B=sngad 5-3rat, August5. I-N P% IUMLBY AND 1-MVINW-nS. --op. (Rpf,),ep. ?,I'r- MMM-In- WA%MT.A%-A? I Tbe bankrupts, liarcourt Naster harley and Foster Reynolds, were silk brokers, of Old Broad-street. Their accounts extend from July 1, I848, to April 24, 1So6, and contain the following items :-Dr.-Creditors holdiDg seenrity, 12,7061.; creditors unsecured, 7,4801. liabilities, 34,3521., of which it is expected 330S. will be claims upon tho estate capit-l of Reynolds, 4,37'i; grnss profits, 24,4-124. Cr.-lroperty held by creditors, 12,1S91; other property and assets, about 300t. There are also trade e:Kpenses, 16,8591.- drawings by Marley, 3,9471.; by Reynolds, 3,5034; losses, 13,0747., including 10,333Z. by bad debts. The separate balance-sheet of Marley shows unsecared debts, 1,1701., and assets, 4301. This was an examination meeting. fr. Chidley appeared for Marley, Yr. Plews for Reynolds, and Mr. Linklater for the assignees. The bankrupts passed. ax RE JOsI PAGE. The bankmpt was a coach-builder of Cbeluasford. lis accounts commence January 1, 1853, with a capital of 1,494!., and close January14, 1856, with unsecured creditors, 7231. ; creditors holding secuity, 1,4381. ; liabilities. 1,0471.; property held by creditors, 7001. ; other property and asset S51. There are losses, 9221., by stock an bad dFbts. The bankrupt was now awarded a certificate of the secoad class. IN RE B3LTON AND 1RssYSS. The bankrupts were drapers of Edward's terrace, Caledonian-road. Their accounts show unsecured creditors, 1,6701. ; secured, 7091.; prorerty beld by the secured creditors, 235t.; other assets, 1,430t., of which 1,123?. accrued Irom an award by arbitrators against the Phnenix Bircoffice, on account of a fire on the bankrupts' premises. This was the certificate meeting. EIr. Davison, for the assigsiees1 did not oppcse. has Horrso said the expenses had nearly doubled the raflt, and the estate was insolvent, even supposing no fire adthtalkcen dplee. The bankruptuswould recetie certificates -N MMn JAMS ISRA_IWM The bankrupt was a metal broker, of Exchange-buildings. 'A preliminary statemer,t of his affaih-s by Idesars. Earding and Bellin showvsdebts 0,3421.; assets, 4,708!l. An' aadJourmuent of thte examination meeting was ordered witthobt discussion. ° In the absenceof more detailed accounts it may be titea that the liabilities include G. 13ennett, railway contrad.4r 226?.; assignees of Thomas Ryder, 300. ; James, Eaton and Co., merchants, of Bombay; BNiley Br6tl is, ir5ii merchants, Iaverpool, 1,500. Da`vid `Leopold LeWis, 1,`07. and the R!oya British Ban, 152!. [A-avertisemeft. tO the 10th inst. aSries of Stereoscopic Skenenwfimi' me I Winters Tale, (so exquisitety sdatsd upon tbe stags by Mr. and 31 ICeaul %ill be puiblished bY tho Len on Stessecwoels CQmpaam, aS, Cheapaede, and B13, -Ozf0rel-skeet The sueswillOsprsi end tber.sinc,pal acters in thS& aesgeuua apes'iade," and each sub ect winl be explainea br desrptive iettesrvigsl . witha quotatiou% andwDi torcm bhe most clasic and beautiful wees of bi-oW,ssn tres eTaeged. Ordeoa san eaSy be executed in tb#ieuevce In which Shey asexeedved. Eu5be etezeOecOpee JSa. to 2iL. e5db. The Pettwild 4Kugia of 15 Subjects gand be enzuieltly =QAsftIWli:QHeiwed A2 "W, Sboeastr3s. tch"A~s
M -f.ZiDDS.R. tSXSZO2I^ 2'L Augot5 - (Ecfore Ms'. PA Y;y, gi .., Aui3fi.,'ge.) Johnu Lawson, &Danish salor, *aa indicted for auating Alfred Jon,and -ounding Iin, with a knife. le was found Guilty. - 7T1he AssrszATJTDGX sentenced hini to six nonths hard labour, and in so doing remarked that these foreiga seamen, who were so prone to the use of the knife whisLthey qularrel, must bemnade toaderstand tbxtsueh practiEecouldnotbeenduredin this country, and impre"ss pon the prisoner that, had the prosecutor died from the effects of the wound, he would have been tried for his life at the Old Bailey. Hery Tehomas, 27, Wras idicted for stealing a watch, the property of John Pope l)oddridge, from his person. iFe was Cgvksied, and, having been so several timues pro viously, TheA srerAa.'T-Jur)un sentenced him to sin years pen.. servitude. Charles Webb, 23, a journeyman plinter, pleaded" Guilty" to a chge of steang a cashibox containing tw .5&.notes and 31. 10s. in gold anldother moneys, the property, ag., of 3?eter Wales, in his dwclling-h ouse. The troseen. tar wras the landlord of the Crooked Billet publichouse at Htorton, and on the 25th of July the prisoner, another man, and a woman w;ent there and, had soe drink. The prier went to the back premises, pretending that he was ill, but lheslippad into the bar-parlour, and took thecabboifro the Eideboard. The prosecutor at once missed it, and after a search the prisoner was found "screwed" up behind a cask, with the cashbox in his possession. The other man ;and the oman got away. The prisoner wan recogzized&as having been in the House of Correction for three months for Eelony, and the Cosut sentenced him to 12 months' hard Maria Allen pleaded "Guilty" to a charge ofstealing a sheet and other articles, the pro:ry of Edward Byrne, acd two sovereigns, the mnoneys of James Smith. The prisoner Was a regular swindler, and had been in the habit of taking ready fuished lodgings and decamp ng with any available artlcles she could lay hands upon. She had beeu previously convicted, and r The ASKST.&reT-JUDGE, aEter remarking that it was clear that mere imprisonment would not deter her from crimne sentenced her to four yeas penal servitude. * Alfred May Gray, 40, described as an agent, and who is known by a number of aliases, bY one of which, Cruse, he was before this Court someyears ago, pleaded "Guilty" to a charge of having fraudulently obtained a cloak and other articles, value 111. 2s. 6d., the property of L.vis AbrahamP and for stealing s ton weight of lead, the proparty of James Rhodta, the same being fied to a certain building. The prisoner had acted in concert with E. man anamed Stanley, who was convicted a few sessions ago, in obtaining posses. son of houses, and then stripming trhe lead from the roofs. He had been previously convictod. The AssnsTAr--Js J oD directed him to be brough uip thi5 (WVednesday) morning for sentence.
POrArCE, Lcsois.sovsmuoseph Perrin was charged before Sir G. CARnOLL with having elonioasly stolen a cashboxo cantaiaing 441., the property of hris employers. Mr. James Turnhamu, cashier to the North of Englan nsurance Company, at 11, Cheapside, of which Messrs.' J. Cr and others are the trustees, said,-Tlie prisoner was employed as a mervant of the comnpany, and on the 30th of July last absconded from his employment withoutnotice. After he was gone I found my desk had been broken open, the key of the iton-room abstracted, and. that room opened, and the caslbox, which contained 441. or 45Zl, and vouchers, gone. I have since Been the lost box in the bands of the police, andlast nighttheprisonercameto me at my residence, 10, King William-street, Strand, and I gave him into custody. Be said nothing to me, nor did say anything to him. Re was crying when I saw him. Yesterday a person called -apon ime whom I believe to be the prisoner's brother, and I went with him to the station-ouse in Bow-lane, wnere he gave to the in, spector 16(.-viz., a 51.-note and 1. in gold. I had described one of the sovereigs to the police, and one of those 11 was that I had described, and formed, I believe, part of the money stolen with the cashbox. A metropolitan policeman said,-When I took the pfrsoner into ctstody upon Ar. Turnham's charge he was cry. ing, and saidhe was very sorry. As I was taking him to the station-house he said he had spent part of the' money, been robbed of part of it, and sent part of it back, and the eashhbox he had thrown away. Knight, the detective officer, said,-I have been engaged during the last six days in making inquiries about tis case. The cashbox was brought to the station-house by a stranger, who said he had found it. The prisoner was committed for triaL The halves of two 51.-notes from "F. G. S." wvere recel- ed- one for the poor-box, the other for the sufferers by the innndations in France. IBow;-sTREs.-Harry Broome, the es-champion of England, and proprietor of the Norfolk Tavern, in the Strand, waited on Ir. HENRY to draw attention to a case which had accidentally come to his kmowledge. Mr. Broome stated that in passing through Duko-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, he saw three little children huddled together on a straw mattross on the foot-parement. On inquiring how they came there, he found that the youngest, an infant in arms,was suffesing from smallpox, its face being frghtfully disfigured, and the poor child appeared to him to be in a dangerous state. He learned on inquiry that the parents were out of the way, no one could say where, and the landlord had turned the children out, and put the bed and some other articles into the street. The eldest girl (about 12) told him they had been to the workhonse and were refused admission. He hoped tho magistrate had power to do something for them, as it was really fearful that a child in such a state of disease should be out in the open street. Mir. HxssRY said he woutld send an officer with the children to the workhouse to recommend thelr admission, and should that be refused he would give an order. Blunden, the summoning officer, was accordingly sent with the children to the workhouse. They were at once admitted, and it was explained that there had been no actual refusal. Some outdoor relief had been given, broth and other necessaries being supplied, but the relieving officer had ultinately stopped the supply, offering to receive the whole family into the house. The father ard mother had rejected this proposal, and the officer declined to receive tht children without them. This, however, had been done on receipt of the magistraWs message. John Callaghan, Dennis Callaghan, Catherine CaUaghan, and Mary Caliaghan, four ofthe frishinhabitantsofOrangecourt, vith broken and bandaged heads and faces so covered with blood that the features were scarcely distinguishable, were charged with disorderly conduct. The prisoner Mary Callaghan had on the previous day charged two women, named Macarthy and Stark, with assaulting her by w-ay of revenge for giving evidence against them in a former case. Macarthy and Stark were fined 41. each, and in default sentenced to a term of imprisonment. After the case was disposed of, Dannis Callaghan, the hus- band of Mary Callaghan, when on his way home from the | court, gave veent to his joy at the result by executing a jig round an itinerant fiddler, who was performing L-ish mnelodies in Orange-court. This brought upon him the summary vengeance of a zealous Macarthy, who cut his head ripen with a spade, and in a few minutes all the Ifacarthys and Callaghaas in Orange-courb Joined in the fray, which assumed the character of a regular faction fight. On the approach of the police allhut the fonurprisoners disappeared, but these remained in possession of the ground, loudly challenging their opponents to return. The police, after much vain expostilation, restored quiet by removing them to the stiatn.-? Mr. HENRY, after a long and patient investigation, decided upon discharging the prisoners, -who had already suffered enough, and granted them warTants against those of the opposite f3ction, who appeared to have been the firt aggressors. The worthy magistrate observed that he was determined to sift the matter to the bottom, and to do all in his power to put down the system of intimidating and assaulting witnesses. WrEST3uSrEr,-James Jenneway, aged 21, a soldier, recently from the Crimea, receiving a pension for a I wound in the hand, was charged with firing a pistol, supposed to be loaded. with pebbles, at Charlotte Stanley, a young prostitate, living in Erewer-street, Chelsea. Prxsecutirx stated that she had cnown the accused about 12 months. At a little before 3 o'clock that morning she returned home, when-nrisoner, who had been following her about durg the nsr ht, eneed the house directly she -opened the strest-door, and seated himself 'in her room,' I where he remainednearly half fn hour, although sho wished him to leave. She went to the fireplace to put a shi in an ornament upon the mantelpiece, when the prisoner sud denly fired a pistolather, but she was unhurt. Directly he bad done so he produced another, and exclained, If that won't do here's anothe-" She then ran out of the reom, downstairs, and knocked at her lndlords kitchen- ] !door, where she was immediately admitted. The prisoner then called her by name and said he did not want to hurt her; he also carno down and knocked at the kitchen-door, ,but itwassecuredagainst him;andbaerlandlordaota policman by going into the streetfrom the front area. Mr. AP_oan inquired whether the accused said anything when he fired the pistol ? Prosecttrix replied, that he did not. Mr. AILNoLD asked how far she was from him when he fired? Prosecutrix replied about two or three yards, and she w.ondered how she escaped. MIr. AxowD inquired when she first saw the pistol ? ;Prosecutrrei tied that she did not see it until the veTy nmoment that he ired it at her. In answer to further questions from the magistrate, pro- secutrix said that, although sbe bad known the prisoner | 12 months, she had never lived with him. He had before iltreated her, and made use of very vioentthreatstowards her. oIe knocked her about so brutally three weekcs ago I that he fractured her jaw, from the effects of which she was in the hospital a fortnight, and was still an out-patient. He met her in Sloane-strect, Chelsea, on Monday morning, and gave her a k-ick, at the same time threatening to dash his heel into her brains. The landlord of the house proved that the prosecutrl:x came to his room in great terror, and that he fetched; a police-constable. While she was there prisoner ea-me to the door and said he wanted to speal to her, but witness would not let Iiim in. 'The accused stated that he had known the girl for a long tine. He met her on monday, and they drank together. during the afternoon and evening, and it was arranged that hewas to go home with her, -which he did. When they got there- she sat upon his knee, ands he then took- the pistols ont,~ vhich he had. before shown her in the street, andl asked her if be should fire one off, to which she replied "Yes- anl bedid so, stil haviugher on his knee. Se then asked her it e 'should fire the other off, when Ehe replied, "You cnify li}e," and neendeavoIred th firo it; but, ns the 'priming hal dropped out, it missed. fire, and then she ran away and x policeman waa fet"ched. 'She alwaysS got' all his pension money from him when itb- ecaie due, and left bin to sirve - -."ter some further evidence, Mr. ARNoup1D d psire roscutrix to get jato tsi tae - bopx apin, Wh ia 0ha r r.XeiAAt1n,: sXiat Rt she did not drink with the ITiOQUOr &M the = fte3nou but had, at his preasing molsitttion, taken e. gl .C d I ae with him in ithe erening. :Yob-ng 'hatever was uad about his going hone uith her, buatse followed her about the streete and to nerhome. TheilsrAhe.Aw of the patoix was'whenh efred sne, aesbJe baddesrite& She dijDot st on dasl3ee, but as nmeir thejxvplw whew n lie red Ptisoner ad h shoiould like- the wloman who was iti, them in the afternoon to be proeduoed Xr. .&NxoxD said that the potlio.hould ringlherfor. ward. Prlisoner was then remanded for a week WORSH-P1s2r.-Johaa Wood, 2ll, iiAs charged -with the folowing extraordinary assult: upou Alioe Jrow1ey,4, years of age. The little gWi was present during the invesliation, but, ia consequence of her tender yeirs and imperfect under. standing of the obligation. of an oath, evidence. wad tkem from her father, who stated,- Hyname is JohnCrosvley. Iamashoemaker, and live al No. i1, Park-place Higgerstorne. my child retarnea late from school yesterday afternoon; i think it was betweenm and I past 6 Oclock. I penieved directly that she wag v iand excited. She exclaimed repeatedly, "Oh! that luau, that man." I noticed the marks of.a cord rotnd her throat, as though twiisted three or four times. The marks were so red, I thought she was bleeding. She tolid me whoner, who resides next door, had deco7ed ILer lutoD ou se by promisinghier money; thatlhe ten. carried her upsSiir sStpped Wher rlothes, tied axope, round her neck, an sid ewould hangher. She added tbat, although she cried very much whilehe was taking off her things, shewas unable to make any outcry when the rope-was tied round her oawt, an'! hat after fstening *hel other end to the bed-post and drawing her up, he released her and sent her home, desiring that hie should mob tell who had hurt her. Witaess continnea-Upon heanng this statement 1 instantly went to prso ll' reeidenee, -which I found a fasened- up, but I broke through the pannelling of the back yard. door and entered.On a uding the upper stais If od a ron fatened on the inside, and when I demanded admissiom felt Eome one push Against the door. Hera I gained za entrAnce as in the first instanoe, and found the prsmer, whom I dragged out. I asked hin, "Whstha'e,-yon bee. doing with my childl' he replied, " Xothing." I said; -~ Whnat d-.d yo-want with her 1"t sd he again rellied, Wothiing." Isaid, "lfr ra sthe rope you did it with 1 and he, on the guestion being repeated, told ne it wsa in the cupboar2. - home neighbours who by this time bad arriS-ed, found it there, lt is the same proideioed. - - A long piece of parcel cordl -waIs here prodneed by the oflicer. -By the MXGISRA i-T asked why he had teted may childso, but could getno arLswer. Nopersonwasintheplace but bimself -when I entered. I presume that he must haver known the child was mine. I know nothing of him moy. self. He znade no resis?ance, and I gave him into. custody. Mr..Henry Coward.-I am the divisional surgeon of thlz police, and saw tis little girl last night. There was then a considerable extra-asation of blood under the skin round her neck; it was also more swollen than now. My sanroris is verygreat,that Itroi the menns employed andthe oDDarent effect, she was not suffocated. Three blood red zud turgid marls -were here seen rounI the poor child's throat. In defence; the prisoner s;id he did not intend to do ar injury;, he was pia mag wdth the girl when the cord tan1gledronnadher nc Mr.D'`YvCOURT.-Wxat are you? Prisoner.-J al an engineer smith, and -work for aperson. in the Hackney-road. A tradesman in B,ggerstone stepoed forward ard said he had inown the prisoner for somne considerable time-he believed hi to be silly. *A Eereant of the Jtq division, on hearing this remarTk, observel tha the accused h&d been bronubt to this coart about three years back, charged with gressYy misconducting and exposmg himself. Mr. D'E;coUiT said, tie prisoner would be remanded, aud in the interim the child could be properly i=Itrntad in the obligations of an oath. SOuTmvAR .-Bawsrd avans, a tall, well-dressed, i3I looking young fellowV, was charged with stealing a valuab'e silver watch from the person of m. Be-njamin Sing, a butcher, residing in the Vassal-road, 3rixton, at the doo_s of the Surrey Theatre. The prosecutor said that he went on Monday night to the Surrey Theatre. Therewere a vsst uumber of people rund the doors, and in making his way to the pit entrance he k;ept his hand on the pocke't where his -watch vas. The prisoner was on Isis left side, and pushed very roughly agains him, as well as another man, with a MBbt dlss, who was behind. A11 of a sadden he felt his watch go, but he was so crowded that he could nut move Lis band to prevent it. He, however, contrived to look down, when he saw the prisoner's hand pass behind him, and he then charged him twith stealing his watch. At that timethe man who bad pushed behind got out of the cowd :and rau off, and hefirnily beleved he had his wvatch. Witness callsed for thepolice, and as the prisoner was endeavourlng to get out of.the crowd a constable anie np and he gavehim into custody. Of course his wratch -was gone. M. Commx asked whether it was cut from the guard or broken? The prosecutor said that it was neither. At the' end of the g;uardchainwas a newly invented hook which closvl with a spring, and the rratch could nut be taken from it unless the person was acquainted with it. M&r. Cossrsx here examined the chain and expressed his belief that the new fastener was invented by a thief, as he never saw anything so easy to undo in his life. The nere pressureoE the thumb nail would open it reaily in a crowd without 'bhe -wearer knowing it. He did not wonder at his watch going so easily. Did lie see the prisoner take the watch I Prosecutor replied. that he did not. After he felt his watch go from his pocket, he distinctly saw the prisoner's hiand go down quic'ly towards his back. H might then have nassea the watch to the other man -whor spadelhis escane. There werea great number of persony crowding upoi them, but the prisoner was the only one -who could have stolen the watch. The prisoner here declared that he knew nothing whatever of the gentleman's watch. He-was going to see efr. Anderson, and was pushed about by the crowd when he wav. charged with the robbery. Mr. COD.snE zemanded the prisoner f-or a weelk tD enable the constable to make further inquiries about him and apprehend his associate.
A GooD D vmAcE.-M,adaame AugustiIe a pretty blonde of from 20 to 25 years of ages,cx2-. bae lately from Calais to Dover. Her invalid appearanue7 excited the interest of the passengers, who felt Crew zriety, lest easiciness shoulld brmg on a crisis which evidently could not long be deferred. She crossed the straits, 'however, s.fely, and upon landing wns placed in an a= chair, and salts were held to her nose, whle an occasional gr=an went to the heartIof al her travelling companions. Onthee warf a. Custom-houre- oTicer oblerred the disemba-H0o2 -and seemed to feel a warm interest in tbe prety Frenchwoman. He approached and o der hi6 asaistance, infcrsn- ig.her that he had some nmowleage of medieimne and,: thongh the lady assured binm that Ehe felt rmuch better, aan begged to be can,ied immediatily tD an aotel, he 3 rtesst | hat it could not be done witbout daager, amd by his. DhilanthrnpicAuthority ,he was ten to au ajpartmtnt 'f ihe-Cm .ion ods, ana a midwif aent for. A sthe 2oer lialforseen, aler bgingtobe elu. ior a.nT tr 4. af b Oor, asb was saul7 daivexed at Zpdins, 5- .acarr l7 pieees iof Icee,12 pax of silXa !aa Bei I!S' OX Ied~o, 6 leIicuka a 48 lyAm )mukre:h;efs - aM ofsri a e doin Iut-Pa5~ J*crI Qama¢ ,
SUMBMER -ASSZES. T1rnTr. (VrprR (1MTT.T)FORD. AnausT 5. The connimssion for the county of Surrey was openedhere u Mtonday, and to-day the business of the assizes was promeededwith in both courts. The cause list contains 17 entries, and 17 of the cases are to be tried by special juries. The business on the criminal side is light, there being only 16 prisoners for trial. Mr. Justice Erie, Twho was to have presided in the Crown Court, was detained to so late an hour at Chelmsford on Monday night, in disposing of the patent case of "Listerv. Leather," that he was unable to be at Gnildford by ths time appointed for the commencemont of business, and the Lord Chief Baron therefore charged the grand jury, in order that the business oi the county might not be delayed; and he e.xplained to them in the course of his address the reason of the absence of his learned brother. WVhen the grand jury had retired tne Lord Chief Baron proceeded to the2isiPri us Court and coammenced the civil busiess. CrIm SIrD.-(Before the LoGD CHiEF BARox.) LUCAS V. wEEXMsoX. This was an action to recover the amount of a bond for 2001 executed by the defendant. The nominal plaintiff was a ladv named Isabella Lucas, residing at Leamington, but the real plaintifis were the Warwick and Leamington 3anking Company. The defendant was a gentleman of - perty hving in that neighbourhood, and the plea that ne hod wit upon the record in answer to the action was that the bondim question had been paid. Mr. Bovill, Q.C., andMr. Lush were counsel for the plain1iiffs * and Mr. M Chambers, Q.C., and Mr. Rose were for the diefendanif. Thecase forthedefendantwasflrstgoneinto,inconsequence of theformof thepleadings, andthe ratheranusualcoursewas n.dopted of calling the ldy, who appeared to be the plaintiff in the action, as a witne.s, and she stated, in answer to questions put to her by Mr. CHA3EscRS, that in Septerner, 1853, she advanced 2001. to the defendant upon his bend for si months, and in June, 1855. she Was paid the amount of the bond and the interest. The money, abe sa;id, was paid to her by Mr. IMorris, a solicitor at Warwick, who acted as ner solicitor, and who was also solicitor to 3Ir. Wildnson, and who was since dead. Mir. Wilkinson, the defendant, was then examined, and be stated that Mr. Morris was his solicitor, and that he gave him the necessary funds to pay the amount of the bond, and the interest that was due upon it. Evidence was also given that different sums of money, amounting altogether to the _um of 365001., had been paid to Mr. Morris on account of the deferdant. Mr. Bovsn Lthen addressed tha juryon behalf of the plaintiff, and said he should not eny that Miss Lucas was merely the nominal plaintff, or that she had received the money; but his case was that the money paid to her was, in point of facts the money of the bank, and that it had been advanced upon the security of the deed in question. The bankers had nothing to do with the money transactions between Morris and the defendant, and if they proved that their money paid the amount of the bond they were clearly entitled in law to recover it back from the defendant. Mr. Summerfield, the manager of the Warwick and Leamin ton Bank, was then examined, and he stated that the late 7Mr. Morris had kept an account with them for a great many years, and formerly he generally had large bilances in his favour. That state of things, however, had ceased shortly before his death, and in June, 1855, he applied to the bank for a loan of 4001., and that sum was ad. vancedto him upon his depositing the deed in question and another for the same amount. He then proved that he gave a bank post bill for 2001. as part of the money advanced, and it appeared that this identical note was handed to Miss Lucas in satisfaction of the bond. In cross-examination by Mr. CsiL.uLSRS, the witness said that he did not make any inquiries of Morris respecting t. he bonds, and he did not consider it viwas wrong for an attorney to snake uise of his clients' title-deeds for the purpose .of raising money. His account was bad at the time the t,ransaction took place, and at his death there was a balance .of 7001. against hm. He did not ask Morris whether he had any authority from his clients to pledge their title. deeds. Some correspondence between the parties was put in. The LORD REsF BAROS then said that it appeared to him that under the circumstances the amount of the bond could not be recovered from the defendant, and that his plea that the money had been paid had been clearly made out. It was probable that there had been a want of honesty on the part of one person, and there certainly had been a want of caution on the part of another, and he considered that {he hank ought not to have taken such an instrument from an attorney, to which he was no party, and, in point of fact, hadi no interest, without ascertaining whether he had the anthority of his clients for so depositing it. There might possibly be some question of very refined equity in thDe matter as to wvhich of two innocent parties ought to suffer in such a case, but at present he should direct the jury to find a verdict for the defendant. A verdict wans accordingly recorded for the defendant, leave being given to the plaintiff to move to have the verdict entered for him in case the Court should consider the ruling of the Chief Baron in point of law to be incorrect. POBTvL; V. GARROOD. This was an action of slander. Mr. E. James, Q.C., and Mr. Lush were forthe plaintiff; and Mr. Hawkins appeared for the defendant. The parties, it appeared, hold a respectable position ini the town of Rayleigh, in Ease-. The nature of the case was briefly opened, whsen- MIr. Hawnns said that on the part of the defendant he wasa instructed to state that he withdrews all imputations upon the character of the plaintiff, and admitted that his chient had incautiously made statements reflecting upon the character of the plaintiff that wore utterly devoid of foundation. A verdict for 40s. damages was then taken by consent. CRowy SIDE.-(Bcfore ir. ,Tustice RRLl:) Frederick Walters, 44, a post letter-carrier, was charged vith stealing a letter containing two ladiese collars, the property of the Postmaster-General. Mr. Wordswoorth and Mr. Wooliett appeared for the prosecution. The prisoner pleaded " Guilty.' The learned counsel for the prosecution stated that the prisoner had been in the service of the Post-office for two wears, and there had been no complaint against him before. Sheletter in quiestion had been mis-sorted to him by mnistake, and whent he was qutestioned he at once produiced the envelonze and the articles that had been taken from ;.t. He was intoxicated at the time. Sentence was deferred. Emma Lambert, a good-looking little girl, 13 years old, aurrendered to take her trial for feloniously setting fire to an outhouse belonging to Willialm Jutsum. Mr. M'NiLveu prosecuted, the prisoner was defended by M1r. Robinson. The prosecutor, it appeared, was a farmer at Bletchingly, and on the evening of the 22d of April the prisoner and another girl, much younger than herself, who was included in the charge, but in whose case the grand jury ignored the b11, were seen to go towards a hovel in one of the prosecutor's fields, and it was shortly afterwards observed to be on fire, the two girls at the same time being seen running away. The prisoner was soon afterwards taken into custody by Su mntdent Hollington, of the Surrey constabulary, an she began to cry, and admitted she had set fire to the place, but said that it was done accidentally. The prisoner appeared to have borne a good character, and there wvas not the slightest ill-feeling or animosity existing between her and the prosecutor. Mr. RoBn-Sso?T, upon those facts, urged that there was an utter absence of any evidence to support the charge as laid in the indictment, and that the probability was that the occurrence was the result of accident. The jury returned a verdict of Not Gailty.
WESTMRI CIRCtfT. WELLS. AuG. 5. ,vAnnT.AN-D V. VEAR- : This was an action brought by the plaintiff, as public officer of the Somerset Bank, to recover the sum of 291. The declaration was for money lent and for money had and received. Mr. Serjeant inglake and Mr. Coleridge for the plaintiff; Mr. M. Smith and Mr. Edwards for the defendant. Tis was a question of much public importance. It ap. p eared by the evidence that Messrs. Stucky and Co. are bankers, having branches in moat of the principal towns in this county. Cash accoants may be opened by parties at each of these branch establishments when the account is kept there, and only there where the account is opened. A person named Ho ler had opened an account at the branch established at Glastonbury, and for some time had carried on a considerable trade, paying most of his c-editors with checks drawn on his bankers. These checks were headed "Glastonbury," and were otherwrise drawn in the usual form. On the 7th of May last Hellier gave the defendant a check for E21. l8s. 6d., in payment of a quantitycf wool which he had before purchased. The defendant kept the check some days, and then tookitto the brAnch at Bridgewater, where it was paid over the counter without any remark being made, the defendant having no account there. The manager of this branch sent the check on by the next post to Glastonbury, where the manager by the same post received' a letter stating that Hellier had absconded. On loeking at his account it was ascertained that he had only z balance of 211. odd, and not enough, therefore, to pay the check. The check, therefore, was sent back to Bridgewater, the manager of which branch on the next day gave notice to the defendant, and required him to pay the amount, on the ground that each branch was a separate bank, and must be treated. so for this purpose. The defendant refused to pay, nud thes action v asSrought. a These facts not rbeing hipted, the learned judge was called on to decide for whon[ the verdict was to be entered. He decided it must be entered for the defendant, but gave the plaintiff leave to move to enter it for the plaintiff. James Ford was indicted for the wilful murder of Sarah Ford on the 30th of July. Mlr. Prideaux was counsel for the prosecution. The prisoner was undefended. From the statement of the learned counsel, it appeared that the prisoner and bis wife were labouring people, residing at Pudloe. The deceased had for some years worked for a gentlemaan named Waite. On the 30%h of July 3r. Waite married, and npon that occasion he gave an entertainment to his workpeople, and the deceased was invited amongthe others. For some reason or otherthe prisonerwasannoyedat hisvwife'sgoingto thisparty, and. e sressedl some illwill, and. he went to a neighbouring?publichouse, kept bya Mrs- Button; he there remained dring to a considerable extent. He told the dece3sed's sister that when his wifo came home he would make her - head jump up the chimney, and he used other ill language. One of the neighbours, seeing the state of excitement m which tho prisoner waS, 'advised -the wife to fetch hin home, and she accordingly went to the pablichouEe and endeavoured to persuade hm to leave, and he went out with her, but as scon as they got into the porch of the publichouse he gave her two most violent blows on the stomach. The poor womran then ran into the tap-room, followed by the pr,i soner, and two heavy blows were heard to be given. The deceased's sister went into the tap-room and foand the woman lying dead immediately under a table, which was hooped with iron. Upon the prisoner being asked! if he was not ashamed of himself forrmurdering diSif we ho said he 'wrild serve all the'- lot the same, The prisoner had been drinking, but was sober. Two- surgeons, who saw the body shoztly after the death, stated that there was a very severe blow on the hack part of the head, a little blood oozing from it. There was concussion of the brain, and the probability was that the injury had arisen froum the head coming in contact witht iron of the table. Mr. Baron 3A.TuT said, in his opinion, the evidence did not support the charge of murder. Mr. niDsAux said, he had thought so from the first. [The fact 'was that, under the direction of the coroner, Mr. Bruges Fry, the jury returned a verdict of manslaughter, hut the grand jury directed the indictment to be preferred for murder). The learned JunD said, if the jlury were of opinion that the evidence was true, theymust find a verdict of manslaughter, for in his opinon the case did not amount to murder, The jury found the prisoner Guilly of manslaughter. Mir. Baron MAri,, in passng sentence, eaid the prisoner bad been found guilty of kIlling his wife, and if the death had clearly arisen from the blow it would have beeui his duty to lenve him for execution. Whatever he might he morally ho was not legally guilty of murder. He must he transported for life,
MMORT) ITROTILT. GLOCESTER. AUGUsT 5. qT.AlIR V. rATOnRN. CTVL COuRT.-(Before Mr. Baron ALDEP.SON and a Commor. Jurml.1 Mr. Sldnner and Mlr. V. Richards appeared for the plaintiff. The defendant did not appear either by counsel, attorney, or in person. Thisaction, t.hough undefended, has been a somewhat remarkable one in the history of the Oxford circuit. The action was brought for the price of a dray sold by the plaintiff to the defendant at NTewport, in December, 1S55. At the last assiesa the eanse was tried in this court before Mlr. Justice Cresswell, and the plaintiff obtained a verdict. The defendant wvas examined in suDport of his own case, and on the conclusion of the trial the learned judge committed the defendant upon a charge of perjury. The defendant (Seaborn) was tried in the other court, atthe same assizes, before Mr. Baron Bramwell, upon which occasion he produced two witnesses, who gave evidence confimatory of whathe had previously given in this court, and upon that evidence he was immediately acquitted. The learned Baron (Bramwell) told the defendant that he left the court without a stain upon his character; andintimated that the prosecutor (Slade) ought to have occupied the defendant's (Seaborn's) place at the criminal bar. His Lordship, moreover, refused to allow the costs of the prosecution; andrecommcndedthe defendant to apply to the Court of Exchequer for a new trial. The defendant. accordingly maAe the application, and obtained a rule. When the time came for cause to be shown against it the plaintiff produced affidlavits to show that not only had the defendant bought the dray, as the plaintiff alleged, but had actually sold it to another person and pocketed the price. But the Court of Exchequer would not hear the case argued, as both Mr. Justice Cresswell, who tried the cause, and Mr. Baron Bramwell, who tried the indictment, agreed in opinion that there ought to be a new trial. The defendant having thus obtained a new trial, the case again came down to be tried in this court; but when the cause was called on the defendant did not appear, so that it was taken as undefended, and the plaintiff obtained a verdict for the amount claimedviz., 224 PEACOCK V. MOSES ASN) AXOOTfER. The plaintiff conducted his cause in person; Mr. Seijeant Pigott and Mr. Macnamara appeared for the defendants. Thas was an action in which the plaintiff, a draper, living near Ifewent, in this county, sought to recover damages from two members of the firm of Moses, Son, and Davis, the well-known clothiers in Aldgate-street, London, for an alleged breach of duty on their part as trustees under arn assignment for the benefit of his creditors. The complaint wasi that the defendant;7 having accepted the trust in the year 1852, and received under it the plainti's stock in trade, so negligently acted as to defer for an unreasonable time the settlement with his creditors, and to depreciate the value of his stock. The special damag,e aleged was that the plaintiff was so annoyed that he became insane. It appeared that, towards the end of 1852, he had been confined as a pauper lunatic. Je failed, however, to show that this was owing to any misconduct on t.he part of the defendants; or that he had any cause of action against them. TI he learned JU,DGE accordingly directed a verdict for the defendants. The plaintiff thereupon said he should appeal to the unbiassed press of his country. CNDrMiAL ColTr.-(Before ilr. Jhstice WiGorni_N). Theodore Evans, late manager of the Tewkesbury branch of the Glocestershire Banking Comuany, surrendered to take his trial, upon an indictment which charged him with stealing the suma of l.C000., the moneys of the Glocestershire Banking Company, his masters. The indictment also contained a further charge of stealin" the sum of 500?. Mr. Huddieston and Mr. Cripps "appeared for the prosecution; Mfr. Skinner and ir. Powell def ended the prisoner. It appeared, from the evidence given on the part of the prosecution, that the prisoner had been appointed in the year 1849 to be the manager of the Tewkesbury branch of the Glocestershire Banking Company, at a salary of 2501. a-year. He also had a house to live in, and, as his services gave satisfaction to the company, his salary had been increased to 4001. a-year some time previous to his resignation of his office. This took place in the month of Apil last in consequence of certain differences which had Tor some time existed between the uriwoner and Mr. Hartland, the managnlg director of thecompany, in reference to the mode o. conductingits affairs. Mr. Hartland was disposed to limit the business of the company, while the prisonerwas rather desirous of extending it, and carying it out in a more enterprising manner. Under these circumstances it seemed to have been thought better that the nprsoner should resign his office of manager of the Tewkesbury branch, which he accordingly did on the 9th of ApriL last, it being at the same time arranged that he should stil maintain some sort of connexion with thc company by endeavouring to promote its interest out of doors. At that time there was noimputation or suspicion on the prisoner, and he went to reside with his wife and family at his cottage on the Bredon Hills. It was usual for the prisoner, as manager to make up quarterly balances of the accounts of the bank-, and to produce them for the examination and approval of the managing director, MEr. Hartland, who went over to Tewkeshury each auarter for the purpose. The pf toner bad been succeedsd in his office of manager by a Mir. Thomas Appleby, and it appeared that, on the 2d of July last, the prisoner went to him and said that he was 1,750?. wrong in the balance; that he had lent Mr. Humphrey Brown 1,000?., and produced two checks of 500?. each from Mr. Brown on the Royal British Bank. He also said he had lent Mr. Henry Allen 5001., which was repaid by the check for the amount, which he produced, and a third sum, of 2504, to Mr. Isaac Nind,which had also been repaid, and carried to his (ptrisoner's) credit. Theprisoner was himself a customer of the bank, and also the holder of some shares in the bank, of the value of 1,500?. and upwards. He explained to Mr. Appleby that he had lent those three sums secretly, because he did not wish Mr. Hartland, the managing director, to know anything about it, and that none of those loans appeared in the books. The prisoner, having made this explantion, went away. Two days after thisconversation Bppleby wrote to him for further explanation, informing him that, in addition to the 1,7501. which the p toner had explained, there was a deficiency of 1,5001. which remained to be accounltedfor. The prisoner gave no information as to that sam ; and this being the case, he was charged with stealing that amount. This was the subject of the pr esent indictment. On the 4th of July Mr. Baker, the ehairman of the company,and MIr. Price,MP.,wenttotheproner and asked hima to explain the deficien of 1,5001. We said, he was not disposed togive any explanation. Mr. Baker told him the bankw would hold him responsible for the amount, to which the prisoner replied, "I am aware of it." On the 8th of July, a letter was received by Mr. Baker from the prisoner, in which he expressed his regret that he had not given the information demanded of him, that he had not been actuated by a wih to serve any selfish purpose, and concluded by expressing his desire to ve all tPheneedfu1 information and explanations. Mr B er on the 19th of July, repled thatthematterhadbeenplaced in the hands of the company's solicitor; and he must decline any personal communications. The prisoner was soon afterwards taken into custody and committed for trial. In order to show that he had feloniously stolen the 1,50?., Mr. Charles Chaaborn, the ledger-keeper and cashier of the bank, was examined. He stated that he had found the notes in the bank deficient by 500?., and on mentioning it to the prisoner he said he had had the 5001., and that the witness was to make the notes appear 500? more than they were. He aLo directed the witness, in making up the quarterly balances from time to time for the examination of Mr. Hartland, to make it appear that the cusf3mers, balances were less than they really were, and thus to conceal from him a deficiency which there was in the accounts to the extent of 1,5001., in addition to the sum of 3,7501. lent to Messrs. Brown, Allen, and Kind. The prisoner told the cashier it would be all perfectly right, that the money would be forthcomnin, and that he need not trouble bimseif about it; and he explained that the object was to prevent Mr. Hartland, the managing director, from knowing of the transactions. He said that if anything happened to him (the prisoner) there were securities from Brown, Allen, and Nind, and that they would be found in a private drawer in the bank. These explanations satisfied the cashier, and he accordingly cooked the accounts on several successive quarters, and thus concealed from Ar. Hartland a deficiency, which in all amounted to 3,2501., for 1,5001. of which there was no security. It was stated that these alterations in the customers' balances were connfned to the quarterly balances prepared for Mr. Hartland's inspection, but no alteration was made in the customers' accounts in tbeledger. Theyall appceared to have been entered there truly and correctly. it was elicited in the course of the trial that it wvas the duty of the prisoner, as manager of the bank, to make advances to customers;* and it appeared that he was himself a customer, and had been allowed on several occasions to overdraw his account. In March, 1856, he overdrew it by the sum of 2791., and repaid the money; and in April or May, 1856, he was allowed by the bank to overdraw his account by from 1,6001. to 1,7001., to payfor some shares, which were held by the bank as security. It also appeared that the prisoner had given security to the bank for the faitbful discharge of his duties, and that they (the bank) held a policy of insurance for 4991. At the close of the case for the prosecution, Mr. S lrR asked the learned j edge whetherhe thought there was any case which required an answer from the prisoner? ' Mr. Justice WrTGRTmAN said he had great difficulty in Faying that the prisoner took the money with a felonious intent. The circumstances did not shuwthat. Whiat the prisoner had done might be very improper ; but, ton 'ertain extent, ho was authorized by the bank, wh ich had .-:lowed bim to overdraw his account. It did not appearlbut what the bank wonld have been willing to trust hin3iith)i,5001. The cashier said he was satisfied with the explIsation given at the time, by zeason of the prisoner's differonces wihMr. Hartland, the managing directoy. Mr Hmrrrw o teddta the priobrfls dircting Mr. Justice0 W Hrs said lie theught there was no evienc t shw hattheprsdnr ookthess.ony,without the intention of rseaying it. He always admitted his liability, and the ban appeared to have treated the matter inthesame light. Mr. Baker told the prisonerthatthe bank would hold him responsible, tad the prisoner replied, "I am aware of it." his Lordship directed the iury accordingly. Tho jury found the prisoner Not Guilty, thoughwith evident relnctance. There were several other indictments against the prisoner, arisingout of the same facts, butthey w.ere notproceededwith. Mr. Justice WIGH}TM , expressed aclear opinion that, as the prisoner was a customuer as well as manager of the bank, wtith authority to overdraw his account, the charge of felony could not be supported. The prisoner was then discharged. Wlliam Hoskins, aged 23, sawyer, was charged with the manslaughter of Joseph Wetherall, at Rodborough, on the 8th of Junelast. 31r. W. H. Coocke and Mr. Loversege appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Powell at the request of the learned Judge, undertook to defend the prisoner. In this case an indictment for murder had been laid before the grand jury, but they had ignored the bill for murder, and found one for manslaughter only. It appeared that the deceased, Joseph Wetherall, was a labouring man of steady habits, and aged 54, who had been for about threo weeks employed as a mason under Lord Ward, at Witley Court, in Worcestershire. On Saturday night, the 7th of June, he was paid his weeles wages, and left Witley Court to go to his home at Wootton, near Stroud, in this county, saying that he should return the next night. A man, dressed like the deeased, in amason's dress, was afterwvards seen in company with the prisoner at Stroud, at 1 o'clock on the Sunday morning, about a quarter of a mile from the spot where the body of the deceased was found at between 4 and o o'clock. WVhen the body of the deceased was discovered it was weltering in blood and nearly cold, and, on examination, it was found that death was caused by a stab in the tbigh, which separated the femoral artery. On the road there were mark's of a scufRe and blood for about 100 yards. His lip was cut through, and there were marks of bruises on various parts of the body, as well as pricks on the fingers. His purse was empty, but he had 2s. in his pocket. and a clasp knife closed. The Prisoner was taken into custody on the same day, and found with his clothes covered with fresh blood, as if it had been splashed on him, mixed with road dust. His coat and cap were covered with road dust, and hehatd a black eye. He h a sil nis pocket, which was supposed to bear marks of blood. The prisoner said ho had hada row with fourcbhaosabout agirl, but he denied having killed .anybody. To other witnesses be said, hahadmnet with a mauwbembecalled a d-wild Irishmian, that the man struck him with a stick andknocked him down; that he (the prisoner) snatched the stick out of his band, and soiled smouth; that he picked him up and threw him down; and he was a mind to make him a crocker. On the fingers of the right hand of the deceased there were three pricks, and one on the left hand, as if from the point of a knife. The jury found the prisoner Gtuilty, and Mr. Justice WiGrnnN sentenced him to 15 yearse transportation.
I FATAL RAILWAY ACCIDENT. On Monday evening last, a little after 8 o'clock, a fearfu railway accident occurred at a place called Howler Bottom, between Stubbins and Ewoodbridge stations on the East Lancashire Railway. From information collected on the spot it appears that in consequence of the increased traffic on the Bacup branch of the East Lancashire Railway, it has become necessary to lay a double line of rails as far as Rawtenstall, and preparations have for some time been in progress to accomplish this object. About a week ago a temporary crossing of the line was made, in order that the ballast-waggons mieht removo a quantity of earth, and on Monday evening last the Bacup train, consistng of five carriages, was passing the spot at a rapid rate when the engine suddenly got off the rails, a cloud of dust and steam completely enveloped all around, and indicated to persons within sight of the place that a dreadful accident was occurrg. The fore wheels of the engine stuck fast and the hind portion mounted into the air, making a complete somtersault, and the entire engine, weighing upwards of 20 tons, was thrown down the embankment with the wheels uppermost. The carriages became uncoupled from the engine, but got off the lie, and, as they kept bumping a-gainst the sleepers, a tremendous noise was made, which was immediately followed by a death-like silence. The passengers were completely stunned, but on someof them recovering an inspection was immediatelymade. The engineer, John Fielding, -was found in a most deplorable condition under the second carriage, being bruised and scalded, and one arm fractured. He died immediately. Joseph Mason, the stoker, was also found under the second carriage, scalded and bruised, and in a state of insensibility. When visited yesterday afternoon he was still living, but his friends were expecting him to die. MIr. Enoch Morrs, of Longhohme, near Rawstenstall, was seriously injured. We understand that during the night he was only known to speak once. Joseph Harrison, the guard of the train, was injured on the thigh, but not seriously. Mr. Richard Ashworth, printer and stationer, of Bacup, had several ribs broken, and his face was bruised. Mr. Lawrence Hargreaves, loom-jobber, Carr-mill, near Haslingden, had his thigh broken and his face injured. Mrx. Henry Howarth, foreman of a stone quarry, was injured on one hand, his chest, and his chin. Other passengers were more or less injured. The first carriage after the engine was smashed completely to atoms, and it w as almost miraculous how the passengers, about eight in nmuber, could escape sO wvell. The second carriage, the frst compartment of which formed the guard's van, w/as broken to pieces, and it was wonderful how the guard and others occupying that carriage were not k;illed. The cause of the accident has not yet been ascertained, but will be the subject of inquiry at the coroner's inquest.
STATE OF TRADE. MTANCHESTER, AU1G. 5. The flne weather and the rapid fall of the corn-markets have been favourable to business here, experience having shown that the suriplus set at lberty out of workmen's waages through cheapness in provisions tells sooner upon the market for cotton goods than most others. Almost all classes of fabrics for home consumption are in good demand, and, as compared with the prices of last Tuesday, manufacturers are asking lAd. per piece advance on printers, Madapollams, and shirtings. The market is without excitement, but moderately active, both for home and foreign demand. Long cloths and T cloths are in request at full prices. Yarrs are reported dear, and prices are looking up, sellers giving the quotations at Id. per lb. above the rates of last Tuesday. The demand for yarns is new pretty general from all marks, home and foreign, and is retty active. Messrs. John Slagog and Co. report:" Tnere is but little change in our market this week. The demand for certain kinds of printing cloths continues on the same extensive scale; but the amount of business is somewhat checked by the hardening tendency of prices. For long cloths, T cloths, MadapoUams, and shirt-ngs we continue to have an active general demand, and a steady business is done in them at hu1 prices." LEEFDS, Auo. 5. There was a fair attendance of buyers in the cloth-hals this morning, and they purchased rather freely of light fabries, and moderately well of other kinds. Prices are firm, The report of this day's Huddersfield market is as follows:-'- The market shows an improvement. The faU in corn has raised the spirits of buyers. Several foreign purchasers are in the market. Business was principally in black doeskins, steels, &c. llixtures go fairly, but in them there is not so much briskness as last week. Wool firmer.'
THE CORV TRADE. TLTVh.WPOOTr Anrn 5 Tie arrivals from Ireland and coastwise during the past week hare been inignificant. From foreign ports, however, we have received 29,462 quarters of wheat, 2,243 quarters of beans, 20,933 qLarters of Indian corn, 1,000 sacks and 24,023 barrels of flour; besides from Canada 184 quarters of wheat, 2,0O.qunarters of peas and 6.210 barrels of flour. The exports in the same time comprise 2,972 quarters of wheat, 8E5 quarters of oats, 7,478 quarters of Indian corn, 760 loads of oatmeal 20 25 sacks and 3,259 barrels of flour. The extraordinary fine and forcins weather which hbs of late prevailed throughout the kingdom haz caused a rapid decline in the value of wheat and flour, and where sales havo been made here holders have had to maoke a concession of 9d. to Is. per 701b. on 'he former and 2s. to 4s, per barrel on the latter. In Indian corn there has been no ma. terial change, as the value of this article has been for some time com. pa tvl ow. At this day's market therewas the usual attendance of the town and eountry trade, and some millers from the interior. lVheat and flour met wth a moderate demnd for oonsvunption, at a decline of isper 701b. on wheat, and 3s to 4s, per barrel and sack on four since this day week. Oats,v ith a slow sale can be noted only the urn lower while oatmeal was neglected and is. to 2s. per load lower. Beans an4 peas maintained their value in the sales made; but barley was 3d. per tOIb. cheaper. Indian com met with a fair inquiry, andsome business vas done at Os. rer quarter for yellow; 29s, d, for mixed, and 3s. Gd. to 32e. for white. WVe quote prime wbv to wheats 3. 3d, to 1D_s, mixed and inferior 9s8d. to 9s. Gd., red, from3s. 3d. for inferior western, to o 9d. er 701b. for beat souther. Flour from 25s. per barrel for common westerns, to 3s.c pDer barrel forbest southern. fua, The w eather has been r.s hot as possible during the past week. con. soqluently the fall in the prce of wfheat is very considerable, say 10J3, prquarter. BarleY maintains 'ts high value, and is estremely scarce. Beans ass 2s. Per quarter and cots Id. pDer stous low-er. AlBns51 5fwlOe T515 DlAY Wvn
7UAISWIST IT TrIn WEST.-The weather during the past few days has had a most beneficial effect upon the cereal crops in the west of England. In the southern part of Devonshire several fields of wheats bhave already been cut, and, if the weather should continue favourable, harvest will be general throughout the county in a week or 10 days. The crops were never morepromising, and an abundant harvest is anticipated. It is said by good judges that in the neighbourhood of Exeter and other places in Devonshire these will be double the usual quantity of wheat harvested this year. Barley and oats also promise an abundant yield. In some parts the potato disease ha appeared in a mild form, but, generally speaking, the erops are healthy and abundant. In the neighbourhood of TDotnes potatoes are selling already at 8L to lOd. per 201b. The pastures, owing to the soft electric rains which fell after the bay harvest, are in some parts -as green as they are in Mtay, and the second grass crop presents a similar appearance. The second clover is making rapid progress; and mangold. wurtzel promises to be a very heavy crop. Turnips also are tolerably good; especially Swedes, though in some places the "fly" has made sad havoc. The hay harveet has not been so abundant for mnany years. In the other wostern counties harvest prospects are similarly gratifying. BRISTOL CoRu-aRAstiu, Aug . .-Owing to the present favourable weather, and the pro'nising reports of the crops from all parts of the kingdom, the market to-day was quite dull, and business could not be dons except at much lowver prices; the decline on wheat may be noted at from 6s. to Ba,/ per quarter; on 'dour, ls. to 2s. per barrel and sack; and 6d. per quarter on oats, Barley, beans, and peas continue about the same. The weather is intensely hot, and reaping has already commenced in oar neighbourhood.-
.RAZLWAY INTELLIGENGC. INORTH LONDON. 'T;e hala-yearly meetmng of this company was held yester: day at the railway-station, Euston-siuare; Mr. J. Scott in the chair. tar. 1L Chubb, the secretary, read the min,tes of the last meeting, which were confirmed. The report, an abstract of which has appeared in Tie 21Tiw, was takcen as read. The Cn.Ar,rAXx, in moving the adoption of the report congratulated the propretors on the improvement that had taken place in the traffic. The receipts for five weeks, since the accounts had been made up, showed a surplus of 763Z. as compared with the corresDonding peziod of last year. The tonnage of goods had not been so much as at the corresponding period of last year, becauso this had not been a a good shipping season. The weather was very fine, and there was every prosgect of hIaving a good harvest, which he hoped, would enat3e people to take a little recreationana patronize their line. He would bo happy to answer any questions or to hear any observations the shareholders thought requisite. Wr. Oamrox said, he thought the chairmal taust have made a mistake as to its not being a good shipping season, because it appeared from T7he imes of that mornmg that there had been an increase in the tonmage of vessels in the port of London. He congratulated his brother shareholders on the success that had attended the suggestions of himself and others with respect to the issue of tickets on the line. The CmIamrA explained that there bad not been solarge a tonnage irom Liverpool over their line as at the corresponding period of last year, at which time they had also a great quantity of war stores to convey. They w ere much obanYed to Mr. Onyon and other proprietors for their suggesteons. and ho believed some good had resulted therefrom. The directors were most antious in every way to promote the interests of the company. Mr. CHosRiTun wishoed to knowv whether the board had made any provision to meet the wear and tear of their lIlne and the depreciation of their rolling stock, as the latter was at present comparatively newy, and would require heavy repairs and renewals hereafter?7 Mr. Hxsss.ar hoped they would not make any provision of the hind suggested by the hon. nroprietor. HEe trusted that they would pay all the ex-pentses^of maintenance, repairs, and renewals every half-year as they occurred, and not attempt to form a reserve fund for that purpose; as it would prove a delnsion. The Seoretary, in reply to questions from Mr. CROSSFIEn=, stated that they had ascertained what their liabilities would be in respect of capital account. They had had 10 new engines last year, and there remained a balance of 3,0001. to pay for them. The surplus laud and share canital would be more than sufMicient to meet all their liabilities on canital account. Nearly one-half of their rolling stock had b;een renewed and greatly improved during the past twvo years, so that there had been an ample amount charged on that account to revenue. Eiverytnung requiring repair or renewal1 was done without delay, an3d charged in the current expnses. Resolutions were passedadopting the report, and declaring a dividend of 21. 5s. per cent. for the half-year. On the motion of Mr. HXRJkATs a formal resolution was unanimously passed authorizing the directors to convert the mortgage debt of the company, or any portion of it, amounting in the whole to 324,9001., into a debenture stock, bearing a rate of interest not exceeiing 4 per cent. per annum. A cordial vote of thanks was passed to the chairmau and directors for their attention to suggestions from the shareholders on various points connected with the management of the railway; and also for tne able manner in which they had conducted the affairs of the company. The meeting then separated. PORT CARLISLE. The annual meeting of this company was held at Carlisle on Thursday. Mr. W. James in the chair. The report stated that the receipts for the year ending the 21st of May last amounted to 3,699?., and for the corresponding period to 2,7901., showing an increase of 9091. The Directors reported that the Carlisle and Silloth Bay Railway from Drumburgh to Silloth Bay would shortly be opened for traffic, and would be worked in connexion with their line. The harbonr at Port Carlisle was in a good state, and the number of vessels resorting to it had increased. A steamer had been placed on the station between Port Carlisle and Liverpool. Resolutions were passed adopting the report, and re-clecting Messrs. T. Nelson and R. Ferguson, the retiring directors; and Mr. Laver, the retiring auditor. A vote of thanks to the chairnman concluded the proceedings. EAST LANCASHIRE The report of the directors of this company states that the receipts of the railway during the half-year have been satisfactory. The earnings amount to 13,62. over those of the corresponding period of last year. Of this increase about 70 per cent. has been obtained from goods and minerals, and the remainder from passenger traffic. The eross receipts for the half-year ending the .30th of June amounted to 158,6731., and the working e(xpenses, including rates and taxes, to 73,4101.; the fLxed charges, including interest on loans, preference dividend, &c., to 43,SS8I.; leavin a balance of 41,3741 To this sum is added 3,0312.taken from the reserve fund, to enable the proprietors to dedlare a dividend on the ordinary stock of the cempany (2,221,3001.) at the rate of 4 percent. per annum. The directors recommend this dividend not only because 3,0961. of surplus revenue was credited to the reserve fund at Christmas last, but because that fund itself has been relieved from a very large contingency, and has also been considerably augmented. The House of Jords dismissed, with costs, the appeal of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Company n the subjeot of the toll payable on the ompaon's traffic into Manchester previously to July, 15o3. The appeal involveda claim of 30,0001. upon the reserve fund, and both the questions involved in it are now finally decided in favour of the East Laeashire. The directors have been able to add 9,7551r to the reserve fund, beig the arrears of interest on the lanldsod to the Lancdashire and Yorkshire Corpany at Liverpool for the constrection of the dock branch, and deducted from revenue informer accounts. The reserve fund amounted at Midsummer to 68,011e., and the engineer reports that for the nex,t few years the renewal and replacement of the permanent way will occasion a ean annual outlay beyond the cost of ordinary repairs, and it iS now proposeitocharge the cost of such renewal and rethlaement to the reserved fund as the same arises, and to thesom of the balance of that fund, including the sums from time to time to be added to it, in meeting any unforeseen contingencies affecting the revenue of the company. In accordance wzith this view the directors have, during the past half-year, debited the reserved fund, w;ith the sum of 2,7jol. for the renewal of the permanent way. As all additional capital brings an increased burden upon revenue, the shareholders may rely upon the directors restricting the expenditure on capital account within the narrowest possible limits. The total capital expended last half-year is 22,1751., and has been disbursed principally on the new locomotive workshops at Bury, doubling the line between Stubbins and Ravwtenstafl, recently commenced, making permanent or enlarging the station accomamodation at Stubbins, Nelson, Church, HIelmshore, andBacup, andin providing nawcarriages and waAens. The permanent-w;ay, stations, &c., are now in gcod wrorking order, and the engines, carriages, and plant of the company are reported to be in efficient condition. The award of Mr. Brunel has flxedtbe company's contribution to the construction of the ioint station at Pretonat 2S,4601., towvards which 10,000?. was deposited, making the balance due 15,460?. The shareholders will have to consider the propriety of issuing an irrdeemable annuity stock for the purpose of gradually paying off the mortgrage-debt of the company. The capital account showsa that the company has been authorized to raise 3,179,375?. on shares, and 1,058,45SI. on loan, together 4,237,833?. Of t-his sues 3,916,82$i. was raised up to the 30th of Junue, and 3,333,5971. expended, leaving a balance of 82,227?. in favour of t-he company. METROPOLITAN. The promoters of this undertaking state that the line will commence at Paddington by an independent terminus immc diatelg opposite the Great WTestern Hotel, and, by a branch to the Great Western Railway along the South Wharf-road, will be connected with that railwvay on the level; it will then proceed under the New-road to Euston-souare, whiere a branch will exitend to the iEnston station; the line will continue under the New-road to Eing's-cross, where a short branch will be carried up Maiden-lane to connect it vwith the Great Norther uRPailwayZ on the ,level; from XinM"s-cross the line will take a direct course to the prison in Coldbath-fields, which is to be removed. T1he site of 8A acres of land on which the prison stands will become the property of the company. The line then crosses the large open space required for the Clerkenwell improvements and passes under Smithfield, where it wiU be carried for a consaderable distance, without any interference wUith build. ings, to St. Martin's-Is-Grand and the General Post. offce. The share capital is 1,000,0007., ini shares of 101.7 each. All tile shares have been subscribed for, 75,000?. of which is now in thechands of the Accountant. General. The company havepfower tobhorrow 330,000h. The entire length of the line will be four miles one furlon51 of which nearly two rmiles will be under the surface of the Nsew-road. It is stated that the working drawings for the sewers havc been arranged and ssttled with the engineer of the Metropolitan Beard of Work-s, and the requisite alterations in the drainage will be completed at less cost than was at first contemplated. The surveyor and engineer are satisfied that the sum of 1,200,0001. wijll cover every contingency, and that the entire railway may easily be completed within 18 months after its commencement. TRAFC RETUJRNS. Balwnva, ldsa Paa- Mer- TotaL Total WkeendgJulys. ;6 £. dL Grand Trunkof Canada .. 513 ., 2,151..- 3,419 .. 5,6330.. 4 ,76 Week ending Jul y 1S8' Great wester of Canada 283 S. 5,A13-. 2,971.. 6,354 .C.t120 Week endingJuly 24. 6AriaAntenoa 25 2 . .. .. - . . 235., 229 Week ending Jnly 30. arena andMranage ..21 .. 104 .. 773 .. 857.. 892 Weekending Angust 2. Glasgow ai South-Westerm - . - . - 7. .332 . .B527 LIanel .. .. .. 4. 413 London, Bighton, & South coast .. .. .. 183i 2.101 3,107 23l.lS 22,195 SouthEastern .. - . - -. 25S871 .. 24,761 Week endingAugost 3. Great luemboiug .- .34 - - 9i 2 wendal and W-indemere - 26 . -36 3 2forth tendon . .. 9 - - -- - .. 2 13 2.41, The following are the last returns of the gross receipts of th prncipal F'rench railvays from the 15th to the §1st of July:-
THEB BUSINESS OF LBGISL_A4ION. TO TEE EDITOR OF TE: TIMES. Sir,'-In your number of 1naesday, the 29th ult., you' suggest, as a means of amending the present admittedly defective mode of passing bills in Parliament, " that some plan should be hit upon for delegating to a portion of the House the supervision oI the details of legislation." Pernit me to say such an arrangement would not be effectuaL No such laborious duty could be expected to be gratuitously discharged. We should have a regular well-paid Iegislative Commission, consisting of two, at least, first-class barristers of the highest integrity and itelligence, wiith a paid' secretary. To this commission any bill brought iu in either house might, on the motion of the proposer, be referred; and the duty of the comissioners on such reference wvould be to have regard to all antecedent legislation and codify the subject, and to submit, with the biU carefully prepared by them, a short view of its object, to lay before the House. I -would further empower such commissioners, on the order of the House, to proceed to any part of the united kingdomn to take evidence, if necessary, on the sulbject, and thus supersede the necessity ofl such enormous expense and great delay now so frequenltly occasion;ed by references to Parliamnentary committees. I would not in the slihest degree interfere with the constitutional privileges of Parliament. Let either House have, of course, its present powers of appointing committees on such bill, if thought necessary, and, of course, of making any amendments; but I need hardly remind you that a member of either House wouldbe slowto suggest alterations in a measure thus carefully prepared on the reiponsibilty of public officers. I persuade myself not only the business of Parliament would be thus facilitated, but we should no longer have to encounter the bungling acts which now encounter the statutebook, and "puzzle even the I onnus11oyg. " SOLON. I ABg. 5.
I TO THE EDITOR OF THE TILfE1S. Sir,-I send you the enclosed extraet from the life of a former worlhy Dean of St. Paul's, in the hope that it may meet the eye of some of our I modem bishops. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. PERPETUALCURATE. August 4. " He was made dean (of St. Paul's) in the 50th year of his age, and in his 54th year a dangerous sickness seized him whichnclined him to a consumption.. .. In this distemper of body his dear friend, Dr. Henry King (then chief residentiary of that church, and late Bishop of Chichester), a man generally known by the clergy of this nation, and as generally noted for his obliging nature, visited him daily, and, observing that his sickness rendered his recovery doubtful, he chose a seasonable time to speak to him to this purpose :- "IMr. Dean,-Iam by your favour no stranger to your temporal estate, and you are no stranger to the offer lately made us for the renewing a lease of the best prebends corps belonging to our church, and you know it was denied, for that our tenant, being very rich, offered to fne at so low a rate as held not proportion with his advantages; but I will either raise him to a higher sum, or procure that the other resideutiaries shall join to accept of what was offered. One of these I can and will, by your favour, do without delay, and without any trouble either to your body or mind. I beseech yon to accept of my offer, for I know it will be a considerable additon to your present estate, which I know needs it.' "To this, after a short pause, and raising huimelf upon his bed, he made this reply:- " 'My most dear friend,-I most humbly thank you for your many favours, and this in particular; but in my present condition I shall not accept of your proposil, for doubtless there is such a sin as sacrilege ; if there were not it could not have a name in Scripture, and the primitive clergy were watchful against all appearances of that evil; and, indeed, then, all uhris&s looked upon it with horror and detestation, judging it to be even an open defiance of the power and providence of Almighty God, and a sad presage of dechning religion. But, instead of such Christiaus, who had selected times set apart to fast and pray to God for a pious clergy, which they then did obey, our times abound with men that are busy and litigious abut trinfes and church ceremonies, and yet so far from scrupling sacrilege that they make not so much as a ouery what it is : but I thank God I have, and dare not now upon my sick bed, when Almighty God hath made me useless to the service of the church, make any advantages out of it. But if He shall again restore me to such a degree of health as again to serve at his altar, I shall then gladly take the reward which the bountiful benefactors of this church have designed me, for God knows my children and relations will need it, in -which number my mother (whose credulity and charity have contracted a very plentiful to a very narrow estate) must not be forgotten; but, Dr. King, if I recover not, that little wordly estate that I shall leave behind me tthat very little when divided into eight parte) must, if you aeny me not so charitable a favour, faU into your hands as my most faithful friend aind executor, of whose care and justice I make no more doubt than of God's blessing on that which I have conscientiously collected for them, butit sha notbe augmented on my sickhbed, and this I declare to bemy unalterable resolution., " The reply to this was only a promise to observe his request."- Talton's Life of Dr. Donne, page lv., prefixed to his Dcevotions. Pickering, 1840.
THE ODD FELLOWSAT THE CRYSTAL PALACE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-AsI do not perceive in your paper of to-day any notice of a scandalous row which took place at the Crystal Palace, Sydenham, yesterday, Yonday, Augutt the 4th, 1 taLe the liberty of sending to youthe facts of the case. It appeanrs that the Society of Odd FeLlows persuaded the directors of the company to allow them to celebrate their anniversary at the Crystal Palace. Accordingly, a large nnunber of these persons, with their -wives and children, came down during the day, and an ample dinner was provided for the society. The result was natural-many got more liquor than they were accustomed to, or could lear, and decent people (not members of this society) were much shocked at the noise and uproar the " roughsP thought fit to naake, both in the Palace and the gardens. Soon after 5 the band began, as usual, to play, and played for about half an hour, 'when it was stopped, and an orator put forth on the part of the society made a long and tedious speech. Afterthishadcontinued half an hour the band very properly began to play again, when they were assailed with yells and groans and hisses, and at length attacked by several of the office-bearers of the society, their conductor being pushed or knockied down. A regular row ensued, several chairs were smashed; and it is a wonder that none of the valuale bistruments were destroyed. Of course, no police were to be found; and when one did at length appear he was evidently frnaid to seize any of the guiliy persons. Now, Sir, as one of the public, I beg to ask, Is such conduct to be tolerated? Thousands were at thePalace yesterday afternoon vho had nothing to do with these Odd Fellows; but how can the Crystal Palace Company expect the public to support them if they degrade their beautiful building and grounds by permitting a row -which the proprietors of Cremorme or the Srrey-gardens would take very good care should not occur on their property? I may add that the proceedings of the afternoon did not terminate here. Later in the evening several small dancig pnarties w ere made up on the grass weV are so rigidly forisidden to cross, and one large circle, familiarly known to the frequenters of GEreenwich Fair by the name of " kiss in the green," contiued to scandalize dec-ant ladies tl nearly 9 o'clock. The scenes in the railwaystation and carriages to London 'were perfectly in harmony ith the rest of the day's amuse neuts; yet the "'oratsor" whom this society set up had the efontery t tell his hearers that; the Odd Fellows of his society comprehended " the 6ec of the working I am. Sir. ynur nleAiAnt fr.uL EYE-WITNESS. Augast 5.
THE GAR=oT ROBBERY D- READIKG.-Thel man Shepherd, who was last week secured, after a desperate struggle with two of tho county of Berks police, was inalIy examined on Monday, before the mayor (Mr. Walford), ehad with having, company with another, violently assa= tedWillian J ohn Hayne on the night cf Tnesday, the 29th ult., in Chain-street, with intent to rob him. He presented the appearance of having suffered considerably from the severe blow given him by the policeman with his truncheon during the scuffle, and just at the time when the officer found himself nearly overpowered. Immediately after the capture of this desperate character . ?eck the superintendent of the town police, began inquiies, and succeeded in a short time in ascertaining that Shepherd was on the same night seen in company with a man, naed Mllington, whose thievish pro- pe nsities were wrell k;nown to some of the officers, and thatI he left Reading, proceeding on the tramp westwards. He commuicated with the chief officer of ?'.ewbury, who lkept| a watch on all strangers entering the town, and, on Saturday last, the man Mington was found at a publchouse with a woman with whom he has cohabited for severl years. He was at once apprehended, and thewoman burst into tears as he was taken to the police-station, and said, I " I kno wd it would be a bad job, what am I to do while I you're away.' He was brought to Reading, and placed in the dock with the other prisoner, Shepherd. The prorecu.I tor, Mr. Hayne. gave his evidence clearly, and distnctly sworo that 5lifigton was the person who placed his hand over his mouth and nestrils, and nearly suffocated him wbile Shepherd felt shbout his pockets to ascertain what he had in them. Yortunately, the prosecutor took his watch fmin his pocket justbefora he left home, The two counlt polloe officers also identiiied Millington as the person -With Whepherd when they went up to him nith tho presecutor. Both prisoners decElined mnaking any defence, and Lthey were committed for trial at the asi ses to be held next March. The woman, whose name is Werfiiam, ws also plied by side of the prisoner charged -with being cooerned in the robbery, bntnone'of the parties could identi* hef, and she was tYerefore released. - . ; -
SovYiuynKo.N, Tuesday, Aug. 5.-His Royal Highiness Prince Alfred, attended by Lieutenaut Cowell; arrivedl at this prt this onorniag from Windsor, and em-. barlked on board the Royal steamiyacht Fairy, C.pt I £ris-pin, en rozzte to Her Majesty at Osborne. The Ioryal carnage was brought alongside the dock quay, thereb giving the, oung Prince an easy trasis;t to the Royal yacht~ Thie Blazer gunboat, 7fith about 150 officers and men of the 77th EXziment, landed in the docks from Cowes, on their Tll MAIL FoR lEiB0ouna .-LivEnroOL, Aug. o. -The Ocean Chief, belonging to the Black-ball line oS Australian packets, sailed to-day for l,Ielbourne, with thet Post-office mail, 260 passengers, and a. full cargo. The Soulth Carolina, another of Mlessrs. PDames and Co.'s vessels, ill sail to-mnorrow for leThour.ne, with 230 passengers. REPORT OF 'nyu:Roe G2SLAnrICA CoinnSsxO?r ComiTTEof-The third report frem the select committee - of the House of Comimons on the Ecclesiat-ical Commis- - sion was ordered to be printed on the 18th ult., and is now issued to the public. The committee give a rcsam of the present constitution of the commisssion, and an account oZ the operation of the act under which it discharges its dutiesq. They see no sufficient reasons (subject to certain sligt mdifcatonsrecmmeded in their resolutions), fordisturbing thpe Opresentlaw under whieh. the popery vesed i the ccleiastcaCommissbiont is adeappicale o te wntsof the whole kingom, preerene beng gvento those places . in hic asisane fr he ureofsous s mstrequired. The admission of the principle of appror igterevenuez. of the commission generally to the wants of the places or dioceses in which the property may happen to lie, woul7d materially diminish the commonfond andtendto uefeat the' object for which it was constituted by Parliament. Tha committee regard as desirabe cthe continuance of the, Church Estate omm isson separate comTmission, fou tep sthe enfranchisement effectid by eccle i to a. ions. T consolidation of the Churcmz Building Conunlsionwthc theEclsiastical Cm ission, after a certain date, is declared to be desirable. The corn. mittee advise the withdrawal of the Bll for the Betteri Management of Epiwsopal and Capitular EstateE; to theue referred. The committee have agreed to a long string of resolutions, including certain ones to the effect that the resent constattion of the Ecclesiastcal Commission bE contisued with the meodification that the secaona Chumh Estates Commigs,ioner appointed by the Crown should be paid, ancd that the payment of his salary be defrayed from the funds of the commissdon; -fthat the act 14th and 15th of *Victoria, chap. 104, be continuet!l for one year, with a -view to its farther continuance (with certain amenldments til the end of the year 1859; that it; is desirable that ladd estates sufficient. to afford the clearstatutory income of each bishop should be secured to each1 see, and that the management of such estate should be in the bishon, subject to a. periodicl inspection by the comrnisTsoneis, for the maintenance thereof-any difference of opinion to be decided by arbitration; that power be givent to the Estates Committee to inspect the accounts of Che. toers and to control or snpervise the administration of ' capitular funds; that it is expedienty to make provisdon from any seurpmus revenue in the hands ir an ecclesiastical corporation for the spiritual wants of the place in whicr the tithes, &c., arise; and that it is desirble in mto ad-. ditional provision for the spiritual ants of populous pece to give a preference to those in which such additional pr.. vison at met y local contribnetsonsme co m-mittee report,i finally, that several important questions wPi hereafter reqHrne conmsideaton. 1, the Poal o Tlarode of i sus 5 ine t the censates aon inco easofe hsop a slevimila seem o exceed0s tiT ets pre;deemor ain rmbes at shw wDtith rspect to deansandchapters;eturn of modleth ofhau metntigsallvns, andta ai persovidicaengumerathen spiituar wan the oaf eoplue pulaces; man 4 e proulsioncr l csag.l clieis. tht Ps r tain n isred tOF iu thKJere ba Tereu lts s o uthecensus sh owanaines upon allmprvious o m Of thee Ppulation o f theBr-its posesins 5,528 ionly qi pe indthsq erni , hoae - wac sue edming r enumerti sa dees ortionex its prebDecso in fnuomb iens, and sho that iotince is Idi;cul ut me afulltt betn wofere at,ie c at tern same troimetypopulaton mhay hne gradulloiedasing. The infrene therefjb ore i,thre!atnth unew rhetun arlet cr tae iny, not overrated,thtifgthee abion pany eror ith Hisndoth sideof efiieny ad no ofexcss,andthat i poablyeach succssie cnsu wil hw a aumenatinsof incumbers. pofo the on lagriculofthest tritisheoa possessions,i5,52,8 ownlyate 56pindoos, winethe faormedcontry inumber 7ort4h4 aWdstProporincenotisroabl IthNo bhestfoundvincany ther peroicengeo malndi on uthsileo toW be watondere at,4 con-.t suideringthes5 poimdityofg motsgre t antn ahdspopoedan king dhpomvadenthe Pu njabid i formcenturies, and,utl the advtentof thre bestoe not nativeryo fligile cbidnplace, forldthe Hidoo thi diprpotioiae ne itowever reauymb teroon thand vitlappersi intheseuja retrnsitorites ish are ion the28censusOinclude wi20enti esthaadunitnguse from0 ihbtheadoos;,1a grav over. to separatlely tenumrt the00 while log.rTe presentatiern inthoe 50,or.Th-esthee lPovines ait-A isa5.5to1u Th proportio of agLricultuits to7th1tota poulationr is M- don atl 56se perxcentiv, inhthe frerxctounty in olthe, of th-, poest Povncetes itoi 4 nmethe tThenumbert Pmvilcesthe the20 pre vleneao infanticid inforer yarts, in~ tah ein 4lttl Toe anter1age,ntoa number of nae town and villagesf i;ic ther is ah terrtol es 20 s45 set down atr f8,7e9 Ofiis these 26,210tontins s4.en less thn,00ihabitn ts; 2,124h lessthanpi vios,00;7 esta 000 wher ti 3Il egathree bne ofthienumtost above 50,00. The three latteir aerge asrioompar'tl *1tlz doanya European coodtiens 4,9; bu tJsasullundher, 28422 ea doens 19,249;o Wforeeraadi, 16,46 the IOoltean 234,73 vharis thzeiae 4h20 Pe5,s9 pear squsnaebylKastcn,s2,07s inenall case ecldive, wothe thes excMepto ofta ootherofth pot ltob npes of thernomnt.Tesubro vlage Cy there is th otlalyof res06,ense dwfordl 5;i theBith Pupranae territorites,is4.53 bein less the ninithe Ethe .Weigs onroe foinerthere- 1S tis 4.8roInregard tDot one of& the buot- ingdoab,th averaboe ate stands eole ats558 persoznsmeq sqaemle,Tistmayb an ftair av terg,a co mpan re wsth( adenase pouati onbayresdnis India. Oenth l thh- eet Poth, hancgl, iiaccordningrt theaee avalfabl popf was ther maosea todensel persabiper squareemilerinthsucaas Prollad elcy 170; noetherBombay Presiency only 156; ngthe Suara Nerhudda therritoy 22 On the wholey th;e'duja`istr`t one.t fourh ls stpolou tnpopobe ioutundrt areathanth wem513(.iiriisoia, Aqustri, an utaleonrthepondinent, or ats thet Madiasand Bmbay pesidecies i ndi , On there are hand itis nt mre han alfas opulus n te. g in danaly ihabted ort of he orldfsthea Hlland, boit hsm Nortyhern Itl, hna heGnetc d'urovinoe o the 1 Punjab issae Bobe Jlluder whr theeae 1 personIfs per aqaeie inUe-thdcrrepndn isrcit
