DEATHS. On the 13th of Sept. last, at Calcutta. in big 25th year. Edward Chichbester. eldest son of the late Rev. Thos. Hulton, rector of Gaywood, Siorolk. On the%hof Decembern Mr .William Newton.formerlyof SoutbaU Middlesex. afterwards of - utford-_laoe. ansd Inte of Shouldhazm-stee Minyiebone, aged 29, IeaTing a wido wand two chldren On the 12th ult, at her residence, Ivy Housnc near Barnot, ''zy the wife of John Pulley, Esq., mruehbeloved by a large circle of friends. On the 2ah ult.. at the Curragh of Kildare. Mfajor John Snodgrss 6tth Rest, aged 39 sears and3montbs. He Wathe sw of the l-te CoL Kenneth Snodgrass, CX., and geent nephew of the late Lt.-Gen. Sir Kenneth Douglas$ Et., whose only daughter he married, and who, with her infant children, is left to deplore hisloss. On the 29th ult., iuddenly, at the residence of her brother, 31r falim Sharman, Ilgbgate, near Birmingham, Ann Marriettv only daughter of the Late Samuel Shanman Esq., formerly of Wellingkorough, in the county of Northampton. On the 30th nIt., in Sussex-street, Plymouth. WnL Skirving, REq. On the l3t inst., at Maida-bill. EL Stone, Esq., aged 37. On Friday evening, the Ist Lust, in Edinburgh, suddenly after some monthI of indiSposition. James Linning Woodman Es., w;riter to the Zignet, eIdest son of James Woodman, Esq., D, Ret Leigh, near Havant. On FYday, theist Iinta, in thne fth year of his age, Thomas Rumble, Esa., architect, of ReadIn, deeply regretted. On the 2dinst., an infant daughter of Mr. Henry Areling, of Newten-road, Bayswater, being one of the twins born on the 31st n2t. On the 2d inst, at Montrose, Miss Robina Renny of Dubton, youngest danuhter of the late Robert Renny, Esq,. of Borrowield. On the 3d jins., at E, Mornington-crescent, Hnampstead-road, Mary SopUhn, the infant daughter of Henry Wood, Esq., aged 13 months. On the 4th inst., 3Mr. Thomas MutlowVli1asms, 155, Oxford-street,, aged 39. On the 4th inst., at Derby Vla, Shepherd's-bush, Merinda Iffowell, youngest daughter, of t. D. Gant, Esq., aged 13. On the 4th inst.. aged 46. at the Yicaxage, Bishop's IL,yleard, Somerset, Alexander Warre, Esq., of the Admiralty, Somerset-house, younet smn of the late Re. F.P. Ware, D.L. rectr of Cheddon Fltzpaine, in the countyof Somerset. On the 5thinst, at Brighton, Charles Thettusson, }sq., a,ged 59. On the 5th inst, at her son's house, 1, Tenterden-street, Hanoverssusxe, 3rs. Jane Perry, aged 18 At Parls, rue de Rivaol, Mary. relict of the late Lieut.-CoL Charles 3ond, Bomby Artlery, in the 73t!1 year of her age.
PARLIAMENTARY IN22MUGELyaO. MtOUSE OF COMMOINS, We:DsA, F= 6. Aie SpZAKie took the chairat 2 o'clock. NEW 3)MBER. Mfr. LAnouciess took the oaths andhiss seat, upon, re-electon for Taunton. Petitions were presented by Mr. KnyAIRD, L.. FT EB Vorldngnmeu of Hinton-RParv and Witchasnito. ' A-set. bre, against opening the Bntishiiasem on undays; by M. TnoRuYE.ll, fromn Worinbill, ins op;"g ffJo Cystal Palace aud BdtLsh Museum on SundAys, - front Cay Cross, in favour of church-rates. * PARTERSHP -AWM3MNT BILL. Mr. LOWE moved to potp*ne the seonda ead;ngofrtlit i u Mr. AECHIJIB D HA begged the right hon. gen. temnan to postpone the second readn of this 'and the timo for the feig of hepubhcipn hesujetOb Mr. LOWE said, the Princiloes of tco be e [rse x3nited liability, and the necossty of amending the Joint. Stock Companie Act~-were not in contestation in that Hfouse, buLt the iemean of carying them out depemcied upoa idetails rse tiug which there raig-ht be ponsiderable dif- ferences ro,~Pini0n, Prhich, no0weverp, cotad be expreesec more Eroperly in committee. If he !vereto postpone tho |4no. reading, beyond Frida , the bills must stand 'eve? 1ntil ater the stinates had en di6posed of, and serha Icouldnotbe readasecondtime before Easter. the bill were important, and shoada be considered as speedily as pose imble, but the hon. member forPai?ley objected to them frg otof and, there:fore, although Mr. Hastie was not in a hurry to pass them (a lau8h), he should feelit his dlutyto I press the bills for a secona reading on Friday. j lr.HENLEY complained that no sulricient notice haa been given of the intention to postpone the second reading i ef the bills ntilFday.e hd come up from the ntry expressly to consider them, although they had only been im the hands of members since yesterday. The bills related tc. very important and complicated mubjecti, and he thought Ithe right hon. gentleman would really facilitate his object it he would allow a longer time to elpse belore taking the second reading as if Government' should press the bls e. Friday the real effect would be to give rise to the moon. ,enient practice of another discussion upon going into comv maittee. Mx. SPOONERt concurredin itinking that some furthet delay should occur, in order that members and the com. 'nmercial community at large might make themselves ac quainted withi the measures now proposed. If the aeconc ieding should be pressed on Fniday he would feel it his duty to take the sense of the House upon it. ''Mr. G. XI BULT was desirous of pointing out eases izom' -provided for by the measures iu their present sbap but was stepped by a call to " Order.n 3Mr. BRIGGS trusted that the Vice-President of the Board of Trade would proceed with thebiUs on Friday, as the feeling of the whole commercial nterest of the countrv ws favorable to them. Mr. MUNTZ believed that the commercial commuiml mnew nothing at all about the bills, nor had had any oppor tunity of seeing them. (Hear.) HIe believed the b3l wouldprove like that of lastyear, perfect delusions. lb. WILKINSON thought if more timewasaecesarp for the bills to be thoroughly understood it would b¢ advisable to grant a short delay. Mr. CRAUFURD hoped the bills would be proceededt vith on Friday. Mr. LOWE regretted that the riht ho. gentleman the member for Oxfordshire (Mr. Heney) shetLd have beem inconveniencedby the change of da forthesecondreading, but the alteration had been made in deference to the sugestions of the noble lord the memberfor HulL He co.dd not undertake further to postpone the second zeadng of the bills, as he could not bnag them in on Wednesdays, that day being inconvenient to members of the long robe who were axiouos to be present, and if the bills were not; taken on Friday they could not come on for three weeks, as on Monday the Government intended to take the esti: mates, and to proceed with them de die in diem. He would gladly consult the convenience of hon. gentlemen, but the business of the session must be done, and the bills would not be committed until three weeks after thQ second readings. He therefore hoped, as the discussiott mnust really be upon details, and not upon principles which the House had already adopted, that he would not bo con. sidered discourteous if he felt bound to press the secona reading of the bills on Friday next. The second reading was accordingly Rostponed until Fri day, as was also that of the Joint-Stock ompanies Act. LOCAL DUES ON SHIPPING, La., BILL. Mr. *nLOWE mioved to pst pone the second reading of this. bill until Monday, the 25th inst. |Mr. THEALAM suggestedthatthebillshould becdivideil into two. To a great portion of the measure there was noobjection whatever, butto another portion very considerablew opposition would be made. Mr. HOESFALL supported the suggestion of the hor mnemberfor Newcastle. Mr. J. C. EWART concurred in the view of his col. league !Msr LOW3E said, even were he disposed to assent to thC division of the bill, it could not be done until after the second reading. The truth was, that there was one part oE the bill which was agreeable to the constituents of the hon. i members and tllere was another part which was disagreeablc !to them, and therefore they wanted to get one part and to reject the other. The postponement until the 25th inst was then agreed to; METROPOLITAN POLICEE BMT Sir G. GREY moved tke second reading of this bilL Sir M WILLOUGHBY wished to know whether the bil} would impose aniy additional charge upon the country:2 Instead of two conminssioners at 1,2001. a-year each, it was proposed to -have one commissioner at 1,500!. and twa assistant-conminssoners at 8001. ayear each, the conse~uence of which appeared to be an increased charge of 001. a-year. He should also like to know under whoe5 authority the police commissioner would be placed, ancl whether he was to have the power of issuing proclamations in his own -name! SirzG. GREY said that under thepresent Police Act th0 two commissoners received 1,2007. a-yearejar , but in addition to their salaries there was that of the ebspcting superintendent, who received 600Z. a-year, which officer, under the proposed measure, would be 3ispensed with. In addition to their salaries the commissmoners now received 200?' from the Treasury for superintending the hacIney carriages. of the metropolis; but it was intended that the 1,50. alloweed to the future sole coommissioner should be his rema. .3neration for all the duties he might be called upon to per- form -under any act of Parliament. The result of the changes would be a saving of I00. per annum. With respect to the other points adv-erto by the hon, baronet, he (Sir G. Grey) could only say that there was no intertiom. to change the authority under under which the clice commnssoners at present acted, and which was dened in theMetropolitan Police Act. As to the proclamationswhich had been mentioned, they were always submitted to the !Secretary of State before being issued, and were usua-lly of a. stnictly police character, referring to the dulties of the policee or warmnin the public against infraction of the law, and !he was not awvare of any inconvenience havngz arisen from, itheir being signed only by the commnissioner of police. j The bilM was then read a second time. SUPPLY. Upon the report of the Committee of Supply being brought UP, Sir H. WILLOUGHBY inquired of the Secretary for the Treasury-, in the absence of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, whether it was the intention of the latter to make any financial statement relating to the past year before the House wascalled upon to considerthe estimates? Mr. WIISON replied that the- fnancial position of the country was such as to render unnecessary on the part of ; hisngnt hon. fnendthe Chancellor of the F_xchequcr any finacial statement ordemandformoney until the votes for the ensuing year had been taken. Upon the motion of Mr. WArso, the army, navy, anil Ordnance estimates for the year ending March, 1857, were ordered to be laid upon the table. ihe House adjourned at a-quarter to 3 o'clock.
LESES and SALES of SETTLED ESIA!T'ES BHJ& TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-May I be allowed through your colmncs to direct public notice to the fact that, in the desire not to prejudice an individul, great injustice will be done to the publie mnless the clause introduced into this bill last year in the Commons be reintroduced ? I refer to the claise whioh reserved for future Parliamentary decisions caes in wblch both or either House of Parliament had before refused the powers soughtt-in other words, which prevented the bill from having 3 retrospective operation in a case-such as Sir T. Wilson's-where our judges had reported to Pzrliament that the power ought not to be given. Referring to the proceedings of last year, you vill find an amendment inithe preamble, that it was expedient regard should be had "to the intention of the settlor," was rejected; and, though in a clause in the biU a few words were added in committee of the Lords prohibiting the grant o£ powerwhere express declaration or manifest intention could be shown to the contrary, a rider was added "that the fact of the will containing power to effect similar punposes should not preclude the Court from makling the grant." By whom these words were suggested it is unnecessary to say; but they read much as if power given to build at Black- heath should not prevent power to build at Hampsteadheath. This clause and its rider both appear in the newt bil. 8urely, Parliament has good reaon for retainingThd power to alter its own deoision, especially seeing that a eontrary-oourse may eavble any person to obtain indirectly, Omi t4 ezrpate application to Chancery, powes repeatedly roe fuse by Parliament; Itrust it will appear to their hordships reasonable anl jast to the public to restore a clause which, whle it Vl protect the public, can, at mos, affect one or two -person and cannot deprive eventbem of anyright they now have. Ihave thehonourtobc, Sir, your obaiaht servant. ONE OF THEE PUDII., londop, teb. A
CENTAiZ JUh',7OZITA5NMARWZ. Last evenint ameeting, bett nueroaly* mu resnectbly attended, was held at the london Coffee-bouse, Ludgatehill, for the prpoae of considering the necessity and advantgge of eta*blnnga central metropolitrn marketonthe site of Snmithfield, Siz Jwnes Duke, Bart,, in the chair. Mr. GEORGO Ross Moved the first resolution "1 That, as the chairma of the Board of Works has been anthorized to mako inquiry of the several district boards as to their opinions of theeitefor thenmarkets of iTewgate and Lesadnball, it is resolved that, this being a question seriously affecting the interedsi of tso millions and a half of the population of tho metropolis, and it being desiuble that a market should ho established in such a situation as to enable them to o'taan their food in the best condition and at the lowvst possible Tate,thia meeting is of opinion that the site of Smithfield is pro-eminently adapted for such a urposoe becanse, fromits extenthae centlity, andfrom ita proximity to the great leading thoroA gfares,e access vould be afporded c om uyers from alpatsofthe metropolis; thus saing timeo and thereby reducine to the smales pssileamount thiscost of carriage; antd because, also, the establishment of a market in this situation iould o present an opportunity to the aMthorities for effecting irn portant sanitary improvements by the removal of a large nuteber of dilapidated and utnwhoelesonieabodes, 'which consHtite a focus of epidemic disease, and are the nursint places of profligacy and crime o e fThis meeting is further of opinion th ththe establishment of r market of this description int Copenhage-fieldsa or any distat suburb, would b e a great evl, by increasino the cost of provisions to tho great body of consumers.T' a re )a said that the ouetion waS of serious interest 'wishd tvo mlona and a-walf o people, whe had a right to optain their food at the best lace andat the loest possible r;,te. In his opinion, Smithfld was -ro-eminently adapted for that purCose, agnd Copenhagen-oelds, or any distant suburb, would he inconvenient, because it wAould increase the cost of food to consuamers. Trhe site of Smithfidldmarkpet 1sd been opposed on seaniary grounds, but they wshed to open the wtholi quention. The question of the sepply of food to this metropolis vas a most imporntan one, and, in his opinion, any Blistor would incur a geat responsibility who shonuld crry the great metropoiatan mnarket to Copenhagent-fields. Cattle driving through tha metropolis had been complaied of, but tho nuisance ivan greater since the establishment of the new market in Copn.n hagen-flelds. Mr. Ross then referred to articles in The Times and Deify Keu".s upon tnis subject, and said that, although he did not vwish to impugn the motives of neospapers, he believed that they had power to crash any cause, even if a good one. One of the papers he believed to be under the influence of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Mr. Eoss then took up the sanitary part of the question, and said that Mr. Laswrence, the surgeon, had given his opinion that deem animal substances were not injurious to health. elafr losa) was conxinced that there would be many advanitages from the adoption of the roposea pLau of a central iifetropolitan .th etro planof BISr. J. FuMiCA=iS seconded the resolution. Ur. G. BRoolz, a.l;esumznofLeadenhalU-market, spoke in support of it. In spite of what 2he Ti2es had said against the market in Saiithfield he 'neald assert that Copelnagfields was out of the question, and, clever as 2'he 2imes was, it was vwrong upon this question. It was impossible that a dead and live nseat-rmarket could be put in the same category. He would refer Te Timm to the fact that in all the gmat towns of Yngland the marl;ets 'were in the centre of the dwellings of the masses. At the same time, although he advocated the remroval of the market to Smithfield, l2e believed the change would be a fi-lure unless the market were fi&edwhere there should berailvay termini Aftera few words from Mr. Porem in reference to Earringdon-market, lir. Grsirkir expressed his dissent from the dictum of Air. lawrence as to animal matter, and said that he had heard enough in reference to the proposed removal of the market to Smithfield to convince himn that there wAas a difference of opinion on the subject. The CuAwn.AAS said that before putting the resolution he vished to disclaim any participation in the idea which had been thrown out that the preoss was izfluenced by unworthy motives. He believed that the newspapers acted to the beat of their i-Adgment on the information they received ?or the benefit of the public. (Cheers.) The resolution was then unanimously agreea to. Mlr. COan'ln moved the next resolution, that a deputation should be appointed to wait upon Sir G. Grey, the Home Secretary, with a memorial representing the views of the meeting as to the advantages to be derived from the establishment of a central metropolitan market in Smithfield. He denied that evils were likely to arise from the accumulation of putrid substances, and said that there ought not to be any putrid animal substances in a rmeat-market. He believed that there was not a more healthy spot in Loudon than Newgate-market. 3Ir. C. WOOaTERTOX, in seconding the resolution, also commented upon the cornductt of the press, and referred in novery complimentary terms to The Times. He said he did not accuse the pTess of corruption, but it was liable to preudice. T he resolution was carried anmamimou4y. 'lr. Tuna mnoved that a petition embodying the views of the first resolution should. to presented to both Rouses of Parlianent, and that Sir JJames Duke and lix. Mastermaa should he requested to supportit in the Hou1se of Comnons. This resolution was seconded by Mr. J, LAnermu, wlho said. that the city was iely to be zeaaificed to a feladbeteeen thie corrationx and teh Time , and was also unanim Iosly age to, aswas a voethom f sstotchaiml Ilthe corse of the discussion several statements were made as to the incOnvenience of sepwgute-market, and a moeat salesman there, AIr. Prentice, gave a calclation to our reporter, from wbichL it a~ppe;Asthat the only roadwa;y leading immediately into the market measures but eight feet three inches wide at the Waxwck-bne entrance, and nine feet six inches vwide to the centre. There is no way out. Cartshavetoreturn bythesauneroad.
RWtIIVA Y INTB ZLIGEXCE. COLCOOES?ER AND STOUR VALTEV.- 'The half-yearly zmeeting of this company vms held on Tuesday, at Colchester; Mr. T. E. Ewen in the chair. The report stated that the lialf-years rent dute from the| Eastern Union Company on the 1st of January last had been paid, amounting to 4,4337., from which certain charges had to he deducted, amounting to 9311., and leaving; 3,52 available for dividend. The directors recommended a dividend of 7s. 7d. per share, clear of income.tax., on 9,167 s^hares, which would absorb 3,4751., leaving a balance of 2. lWere it not for tlhe income-tax, the dividend for the I half-year would now be something above tho rate of 3j per cent. per annun. The preference shares authorized ?y the act of last session were only partially taken up by the sharebolders for the purpose of paying. off the bond debt of the company, the greater part of which %.wa due on the 1st of January last. The shares not being fully taken up; they were, therefore, obliged to provde for tle renewal of such aonds as thev could not pay off. This wvas accomplished at therate of 5 percent. zeannum.e The directors hope that the tme is not far' .lstnt Xen the shareholders will take up those shares and t,hus enable the directors to reduce the amount of interest nlOW payable on borrowed money, and to that extent increase the sum available for dividend on the ordinary sha Resolutions were passed adopting the report, and declaring the dividend recomnmended therein on 9,167shares; re-electing Messrs. C. S. Crowley, J. Dalton, and T. Gar-ard, the retiring directors; also Mr. J. Chapuan, thei retiring auditor. It was stated that the arrears on calls arounted to 14,500., and that all shares in arrear would be forfeited and cancelled, A vote of thanks to the chairmarL concluded the proceedings. _ G u ClO3ifF0wD AND H1GE PEAK. The report of the, directors of this company expresses regret that the proprietors in general have nOt taken tha interest in the company, by subscribing for the new capital, that they believe the undertaking merits. Of the 20,0001. authorized to be raised at 6 per cent. on the preference s.hares, 13,9600. only had beers subscribed, and that by the directors themselves and those ismnediately connected with t,hen. They believe that the proprietors are not sufficiently impressed w%ith the conviction that the revenue of the company would be so remunerative as to pay the interest on the mew capital, otherwise they would have availed themselves of an investment tending to increase the value of their property. The only alterations in the line at present commnencea have been those for converting the first two inclined glanes at Croaford into one, and also the two inclines near Erxx-ton. WVhen these alterations are completed the inclines %ill be worked by wvire ropes, two stationary engines will be dispensed uith, and a saving thereby effected of 60OO. a-year. Increased power and speed will be obtained for carrging the traffic. The general traffic on the line has increased duing the pasthalf-year. The directors do not intend to nake mucapreparation for the Passenger traffic until the Stock- prt, isley and WVhaloy- ridge line beo opned for trafflc. vrendiecters believ ed that the London and lorth-Western and Midland Pailvway companies would do what thoy could to prOmote the traffc on the raillway. RAILWAY BILLS IN PARLIAENT l Yesterday the following railway bills passed the standing orders MmrSTEA3) JuXcloN.-To estend the time to four years for the completion of the iiHvay. LowNoDo, TiLamy, AxD Soum-s.--To increase the capital in the sun of 80,0001., to purchase SoutheuQd Pier, and supply vater to Southend ; also to make a branch from the London and Blackwvall Extension Railwsy. PzEn, ALsoNDS Ss VhAwzy Tn-mn,-To cenetmct a new line. The railway bills that did not comply with te standing' orders in certain technical particulars were the East Kenti 'tailwva and Stockton and Darlingtosi and Nevcastle and C&rlisle Union Railway (for a line from the StocksfielLstation of the Neweastle and Carlisle Railway to thoeStockton sad Darlington Railway near the Consido Ironworlks.) TRAIC RETURNS. Baliways. Miles p. er- TotaL TotaL open. aenges. chandise. 185. 1855. WeekeodMnz3 25. - - VZ1abr,5l mg1%a 142 - £f £ WeekendingJan.27. Worth Staffordshire. *'m ' i,s e 2,r5s a.7S]9 .I Week ending Feb. 2. Belfast ahdBa!lmeuena -. - -- - -. - - 84 23) Cork and Eandons -.........-...- .. l 190 167 Cork. Blakrock, and P'as-: Db_tar,dExcidow 34 169.. 105 6ambreandMeuse 68 - -.. 1,142 .. 723 'Week erdirg Fieb. 3. - - - Belfast and CountyDown ............ . - ., .. .; - 215 1- London and Nortis-Westem5i3~ . - - - - - .; 5t11 0. - 5179 slodon and South-Western -. - - 8,941 - - 3,655 - -. IZ5l~99-R 9.764 I4uacolnabire . . .. 573! . - . - .. 8,155 .. .
IX- ZEflEarION IZWkLLfGEKZ. i ! , T.RVIIA, . I . Tho Right Hon. M1. T. Daines wsas re-eloolod at Ie3 segterday without opposition, Tbe weather wavry=fa, vourable; there wero not more than 3,WO person present. lii tho absence of lir. aolm Wflkinson and AIr. 1). Lupton le was nominated by Alderman John Hope Shaw, olicitor, and seconded by Mr. John Wilson, Sparisl leather. dresser, asd a Icading member of the Society of Friends in Lceds. The 3fayor (Mr. P. W. George) having, as returning officer, declarod Mr. B3aines to be duly elected The right hon. gentleman said,-3Zr. Mayor and gentle. maen, the only regret which I feel in this day's proceeding, is this, that Ishiould have been, very innoconly, the means of bringing you out in weather so inclement, and from which, I fear, some ofyou will afterwards suffer so severelp (An elector, "Never rnind; wo are most hapry to meet you."l I am most happy to meet that gentleman. f5 laugh.) Gentlemeon, you are assmMbled to-day to per. form one of the most importaut duties that can possibly devolve upon Englishmen. 'y a principle of our contigtu. tion, which I think a very wise and salutary one, whenever a memaber of the House of Commons accepts office under the Crown, the immediate effect of that is the vaGation of hiis seat, thus-giving, you observe, to the constituency by whom beO w sent to Parliament, the power of declaring whether their confidene, in him continues, or it does not. (Rear, hear.) If you have reason to think that in accepting office he bas been in.luenced by any selfish, unworthy, or corrupt motive, if you have reason to think that in doing so 11e hP played false to the great principles 'which he was Ioriginally elect to reprcsent, yon wsoisd do perfectly right to reject him wvhen le eo4red himself again as a candidate forIeection. That is theprincipOe of ousr law, And IC am sure yea will tlink it a wise and salutary one; xnd, ia accordance with this principle, r aa nLow st-anding before yon, my fiends and fellow-townsmen, whom I havo so long rep,resentedimParpiament,andthehonozrof representingw'om Issusidergrmaterthan any other honour which could possibly devolveupon me. erelstand beforeyou, toask ifanDyman c*anputc to me any motive thatshouldrendermeouna vorthy of his confidenceinthestep I have recently ta'ken in accepting office. (Hear, hear.) lGentlemen, when I was invited to take a place in the present Administration, -with a seat in tlhe CaMnet, it became me to consider very carefully bow far I should be promoting, or otherwise, those principles whicb I kwnuwmost of you had at heart, which I had profeSsed originally to yon, and which Iliad been sent to Pa.rlianentt to advocate. Now, with regard to all questions of domestic policy, I do not propose to go into detail here, bes case you. have had an opportunity repeatedly of hearing my opinions. I eXPress them when you first corferred up,on me the distin"auished honour of electing me as your representative, and fam bound to say that they have under. gone nO change since. I ILave constantly adhered to them. Ihave not denated from the principles I advocated. when 3 fist had the honour of receiving your confidence, and, as regards those principles, I believe they are well known to you. neque. stion which presented itself to my mind when! was called upon to enter the Administration was this-how far I should be giving effect, or otherwise, to the princple3 ,which you knowl entertain. 'With reference to all maltters of domestic policy, I could have no doubt,,when I looked at the composition of the Cabinet, that I shotud be giving greater effect to the rinzciples I ha all along espoused by 30ining the Cabinet. I saw it consisted of men, all of whom, without exception, had been advocates of ch'il, religions, and commnercial freedom-of freedom of every Aind, and therefore it vwas that I thought there could be no inconsistency in my joining their Aduinistration. It would be invidious to mention names, but there nas one man in the Cabinet to whom I looked with the utmost confidence, and the mention of whose name, in every assembly or linglishmen, is Always followed with that approbation which is due to the most unblemished character and unsuseted honour-I allude to the Marquis of lnnsdowsie. (Hear bear.) The Mfarquis of Lansdowne, thouno n-et newv holding any office, holds a seat in Lord Palmerston's cabinet, and gives to that Cabinet the benefit of his high character and his invaluable counsel Lord Lansdowne is a Man who for a period of 50 years has lived in the sight of the puolic, maintainin° throughont a character of the highest consistency-a character, as I said just now, unblemished and unsuspected in every point of view; and he hss all along been the advocate of those principles of liberal plcy-which meet with your approbation, and which also meet with mine. Therefore, the presence of sach a man in the Cahinet'gavelne confidence that principles of that lind would meltv with every attention. There was another uentleuvan-one whohas nowpassed froxi among as-tholate ir William Molesworth, so weU known in this borough. (Applanse. You elected him several years ago to rapresent yon in Parliament, and I believe a more honourable and enlightened Man than Sr Wmilliam .Molesworth did not exist at the time of his death. He remained inl the Cabinet np to his decease, which- was just before I joined it, and his presence in tho 'Cabinet had weight uith me, and I trust you will net think such- a circumstance undeserving of weight. (Hear, hear.) Vith regard, then, to questions of domestic policy, I do not pro. pcso to trouble you further, and will come at once to the n-atter which presses itself most upon the minids of all men now-a matter, moreover, which has arisen since I last addressed you in this place, for at that time none of ns dreamt of a war. Gentlemen, we are now engaged in a war, and, as I havenever before had an opportunity of stating to you my opinions as regards the origin and progress of the war, yIo have a right now to ask for them, andI have the greatest pleasure in stating to yoa those opinions,with that unreserved cenfidence which, as long as our connexion eists, yon shall find on aoy part. (Hear. IJamn most anxious, vhether those opinions aro right or wrong that yen should lnow what they are, and that yoe should thus know who the loan irs you are sending to represent you. (hear, hear.) Gentlemen, I have always been of opionI thatthe varwas a stricty justandnecessary-war. (Applaue.) I believe that it vasawar forced uponthis country bytheunprincipled andvervdangerouspolicy-whichBRAusiaha-thonyht lit to adopt. [h 3Cgao-"Sodo Ibelieve it," aud cries of "Hear; hear."] The immediate obiect of the war was t'heprotection of the Turkish erapire against the designs 'which had then beconme perfectly plain on the part of liussia; it was perfectly manifest that Russia was intending, with as little delay as possible, to take possession of Constantinople. Now, though the question involved directly the welfaro of tho Turkish emgpire, and also- the 'welfre of an ally of ours, the destruction of the Turkish eLmpire wonld not have been the only consequence of the success of the designs which Russia entertained,:because, if she had taken possession of Constantinople, the consequence 'would haove been this.-it would have gLven to Russia such a preonderance in Europe as to bring into the greatest Posar,lqe d3nger the rest of European nations, and, I believe particularly those States, which, from their advanced cihiszation and free institutions, would be maost e'bnoxions to a State like Russia. ("Hear, hear I" and a Voice, "Iost clearly..") Therefore I think it a most just and necessary war on the pat of this country. -(Hear, hear.) Well, then, gentlemen, I thought, whebnI was asL-ed to tal-e a place in the Administration, that my sentiments were in accordance with the then existing Cabinet on the origin of the -war., Now, with resect to its conduct, I saw at the head of the Cabiniet a roblenn vwho, about a year ago, was called by what vyor may consider the Mubnamous voice of the people of this counrtry to the head of the Cabinet in order to carry on this war with efficiency. The public voice of this cour,try pointed out Lord Pelmerston as the fittest man for that parpose; and he was so designated, raot only by the extraordinary abilities which he isknsown to possess, but by his high and gallant spirit, and also by that unrivaled knowledge f foreign affmirs which he possesses froma a long life spent in ofice. I had every reason to believe that the head of the Cabinet would carry out- the war on those principles which I believed were Eight, and those principles were these. At the timo when I joined the Cabinet there seemed to be no prospect of peace; there was no honc at thalt time that the infatuation and obstiacy of our enemy were likely to give way, ad I thought, therefore, ana I expressed that opinion in the address Iput before you at the time, that the truest and best course for England to pursue was to prosecute the rwiththe greatest energy and vigour, as the best meas nOt of pr 1 , the vrarbut of bring aboutpes (applause, and W voice, "'No doubt about iti-and of bringing about such a peaco as would be worth having. (Hear, hear.) IN ow, gentlemen, we might possibly bave had ahollow and unsubstesan'raa truce, discreditable in itself, and likely to be broken as soon as the enemy sawv a favourable opportunity of breaking it fhear, hear); but that wrould have been anunsatisfacvory termination of the war ; and I thought, as I have aleady stated, that the only course to bring about a peace WaS to carry on the war as long as it might last wvith v-gour, energy, and efficiency. (Hear,'hcar. These ar, the principles I acted upon, and. believinig theni to be the' principles of the Cabinet; I thought there could be no inconsistency in my joining it. I tboughtwe agreedboth uLpon questions of domestic policy and the question of the war. m November, when Ientered theCabinet, those reparations were continuedwhich wouldenable'sto proseente thewarin the next campaign with the greatest energy, and lI happy to tall you there never was a time i thehistory of this country when both, the laud and naval forces of thle coutry were in a state of greater efficiencv than the present. (Ifear, hear.) The preparations which were makig, have been, continued aithout relaxaotion, and now we come to a time when new cirances have - espectedly arisen, You. are alU awarae that a short time ago Austria thought proper to sub mit to Russia certain proposi. tionsas agroundwork of a geaeral pacification, and that Russia his thought fit, somewvhat unexpectedly, to accede to those-propositions. The questionv then immuediately arose in ou wGvru t"Wht was tobe done with those ore- pos uOns r 1 am quite sure that whatever any of us r iy think about theiwar, and the ecessity of prosecuting it, while it lasts, with vigour, no masn would think a British Ministry had done their duty if they lad turned a deaf ear to any propositions which seemed to involve inthemn the chance of an honourable and satisfactory peacb.' (Hear It wa their duty to attend to thes 'propositions weigh them' carefulr,hdgiveeffect tothem,ifpossio le,byrenderingthem available for concluding such a peace asI have mentioned- theonlyapeace vrhich either the -Parliament, the Governinent,- or the people of this country would be likely to aept. (ear, hear.) Well, then, gentenenas you are aware, negotiationKs are about to be commencci es;ad I snay- assure youthat, as far as England is conecvued, these asegotixtions will be conducted in the most frak and atraig t- forward =anner. 1 Egand has never had any sinister bct to gain iu this war. Shc undertook it un principle, and akibe will maintain it, as long as'it lasts, upon the same pn- eiple; and she will go into those ne60hahonath perfect disposition to do that which is rightto ann at no scniter advantage to herself,.'but vith a enl gutdr APe& to the ail Wleame pm f promise of pner s fvhncy in itsdu,atn (Hear, uehar.) toip theGovtnt we ar all agreed. Such an peace the Goverdlez wrouldi nut desir. Ai.)'g,Z commence, And, as I consider. uu4tde the best va pioes lYd in the preparations for war, if noil vitsioulSenecery uthef0tiaton goB uton, ther wil bnorelaxation,you Iay depeiuat xpit; theewillbet relin%n,ihineut of the Adrantages we have gaitned; and what is a matter of great iniportanue tots, teore '-icll be bt uanneoeaary delay. (Ifear, biear.) Tho negotiations will bt oin thu hands of one most competetit to benduttemnean int the bands of thu Earl of Clarendon, the Secretary of State for Forein Affairs. (Hear, hear.) uhIentlexen, I have now expresmd to you ray opinionas witht re. gard to the war,-I wiish I could speak musre do tively, but I think you will learni from what I avoI stated the principlei whih nm~dt t ogt to gold, t'he Government of -this country and whichIlbleve willg'de them in tho negotiations albot to commence, ancl also if it should be nxecessary, in the further prosetion of teno Iwrar. *Rear, hear.) Iam sure, situaMt as I cam you - wiI th thao ought not to go into any queAilon as to the particuzlr onoiditions to be' ( fro, bo ie ot willall anderstan.a tiat That tistopi: fupon which ought not to volunteer to sp ek, and upon which I ought not to be xestioned in this plae tllear, iesr.) I have told Yih aw t oprinciples by which Ihfonly beliere the Governneuic twihe gugded, and uponi whhich It aa atd, and having sain this Inhavelittle or nothing to add; but I shouls be dolnes geat injustice to mny own feelings ifI isihould cease toddresyDn WithOUt e%Presing the great obligation Ifeil niow and, indeed, every thnml addr essyou, for the idness8 I tceive t youir ands. (Hear, bear.) Mar. Raie coz1clkded by thanking, niot Qfl hfis own litwIcI sUoDrters. but those who were politically oppo to hit bho had (nler.P. no Goppostio ta3 re-eleciun offero,leeevda deir to abstainm at this imIprtant crisi, fnro anything that might have the earac of divided consel ameong themselves, or lave tho effett of embarrassing nher Majestye Minisers in the important ft.tie% they bad to discoaroe. As to bis own Triends, ho assured them ho should pursue the satne couo he had hitherto adopted, and sthould shirie from no labour necsamery to the dischaWr e of his dute. In gkehlm 31ato ieHnr,tae lcst- vin}oGudh1 Mar.]a t 'Aidhe polin of ot luon that the frinodiso. ought to be mnaterially extendea; and as to the balot. h thought, for tho benefit of the pu.ienc votfng shoU e s on rofsued3 a ne ' ote of thank to the mayor hisbch wasl seonde thyinc erase, 51Mw and potcar ried. behug in compment wasi thule acknoftoldged, mandthe potoceledings, whics lased only thrfeolqusatibf;of tan hour ter-ob nminated.~~~~~~~~~or tr Mr. iaines shiortly afterwards left for 1ondon. The nomination of the two candidates for the represent. tion of this city,-ndlnely, rr. W, H. Bodidn and Mr. P. Wykeham Martin, takes places to-mWorrow in the Gucldhalln and t'he polling on t'he following day. There is nio doutbt that the contest -will be the closest which hias been knowna in Rochester for many years, the friends of both caxndidats feelingconfidentiofn saccs ThE 1xarity of3Mr. martin, bas been daily on thu increase, and, h nd plc riclea being in accordance Tith those of the large majort On3ise electors, biz fientd are perT ecily satisied that ho wnill ohtainamajxaoit on thuday of electon. A large and crowdcd neeting of the ltberal electors washeldtule e iv -which occasion seches weredeliveredbyMr.e for 3Laidstone ;Ilr. C. W. Ialarth, o ed'at n Mr.P.WI. Martin; and a 2resolution maixnl~ ~s~enbnryeanv~ssing~this day,and hal receiv-ed addiiona proise of uppe's.The ayorbaaibsery
PARLIAMEaA1h Y X2O!TCES. ROUSE OF COMMONS. Tnu&v- -F 7 N;OV:s OFr VOflO!cq Zg~nl 5MOU,I'Oa5lUbXIM,D0!D the Trasr whether ett a erOcf ite fOr KU tbo grAde of the arMy jaiy is yet arrangedL anaf ~en it in I-ey to COIDo into oDerteo. 3sSr. Adderley-To aF1 the Secretary of State forthe Home DerC$i:nctwby ter ho been uo report made by tjs, InWectorof Peinoni in th e howme dMistic for fire yeam 3at~ amt'Wben say V ot nca the etireqires annuay, is likely tobe made by that inspegtor. SsSirL egoee.Tthe eortof he Vonenon fInquiryinto theo he~yim~bainga~eeed~ osilethe U3 rScrts f ;ho orVr,thtle it iste 2fintention of Her .MTaieetyhGovenenttomako anyduange in the directionottathtd- eittuiet and wh%ether it is tlir intention to place t.at depsrtent o! an army in the fwihunder tho charge of a supEror military ofiter, as rcommended I thes&etecuman. Hz Msooirc.T , oak thte Cti Becretauyfor IrerdAf ifit he the intention orthe Grereent,to intodiuce any biU, duriurthepreentse. srOD. for thxe bttUTe%WMi t thoeM di csl Ua ittes of t]m a;d Mr. H. Ykbeeley.-To ark the yirst Lora or the easeey the fod. lowing 4Luestion :-Scing that the (COr=it. Practices I'even±ioet Art eaplxea this xcts6oii assa that a eteong anti general opinioL Pire. TvelsatDitns-nelcieocr,-weberfistbe' tention vfRr rjesty's Governmentttobdngx msailU to teuew "Itre c t or xoaubltitsoper-. toa to the inqy of rasciect carmnittce, r. IL Baillie,-To ask the rbst Loo se the a T.ary.bctwWbex be baSaeny obi oauAtlayWt4lsstao %eOf theitoenet}a cerpa Ofnd c0a which hiasn o tbed kOtlarsra Gt. wits Oolnien to feate the empoymckenthereqatafrtuentiatn of tve ntheDoins, sait Well enc to, tubhe arrsdo wheerMansyt comaonsl at Golose uon t 1e sjch are o bein tnngedinsn^ChtneAjne;; nals o, any eofth.Chamberts, ofci Comoc hiept tccn vat Pup hlia,n thoithe any shu HonrTons with re.erence to the 1, ie,ct. of tenist. ML.Catns,-T* kthocretar t the Wrcrasnu whether. i thew eonteunptated.paa a numseeunets witb Ir*land tihe Tecasor have considered theeqizenentaof tra in the provintee as wel at ilr, lDntlsi, and vwhethep any cofltnunicationa on the safiiect hare beCet rae any offthe Chairnber o Com,nogrce eaceit that Of Duhtto. or whgheranysuc conannleties ei e moaweut&toc suiany OEteneri accepted. hcb r-xStMri tor.n5 Ci -T0as Gthe Solidtor-Geneuai f rn dwhther shil to men. te aw f tsng.e -Veri reland aof beom n±rlawcdd to Goeenmeent, 5nd^ePer. Sir CoUl-iinotin tr atsfer tse t oamsusxy iic i Mcriesastecadlonatot b t the eorcoteo oti- nTtvedand te Casptain Seobellv >oertt SteA oee ntr the nava sA-t nistratton, and the litef ole; ;alroa e,n l.ons, andretisem]ents, and the etlicteacy of the sCrvice ainJl tlograebelonginto Sir C. lapler.-lielect committe etoinCoiro into the opemitont of the flrtioshlieet in tho Ba1tic in lSPtand. Ilit. r.ttcdlam.-BDItto amend the laws aelatleg tothainedical tro ±emiion. Mr. Athertonu-BMlltO aM kte low- rating tot1 coteeyanzce of land for charitable usm Mr. AdderieyF Addresaforretumn of all reform&tories hich hare been certiied in Ygl D1li and Scotland. aud of any reformatorie3 which hare bee refused certificationc; aud, the erounds, in ecad case. of such refusal. Mr. Macortne-Pstrn, Finowing the nraes, age, date oft,ppojntment, and amonort of satases and other cenoo2uocuts. of ald persons holding o$ce in the B cmbez d.thdasVou,rt ;.anth te dates 01 any of suh lBcronsben cBaled to the bar, or enrelleo asa ttones. topac tise in any of the courta or law in Ireand And. sihnilarreturnfromthe:nastes exanincs, coprL,, and asilataut clerka in the Court Chaencery in -Ireland; with a coy of sany pate - r. Pclsatt,-Bi toamend t3SrDVOi ofthemaniaeeactsrelaagto Dis ntmL - n~fr.V t~.5y. at the Tre4Sry 7n`nQteVMale ith a ie to iMprove thepostaansasenger eiomnnaicatien between England a. Irelad, under the act of ansiou beflaidon the table ci the Honae. b r. Joen GrEce.-leturn shoring the sr ber of 1'ictneme oufchased, or for whinch negotoattona have been opened.- for thye tlatscnhi aery, in coseqnence ofthe%LnereO davionof ta tadselliTgagent. snebthedayof hishawpointmen anm theitddu f oJan ary. IlSt; the uspaidl for ecd pictures, and the locaity in which they lrcr t pherea .r. a aofalorrpondenee betwee s th anCodfonert of MationslE tien in Ireland and the Coramnittce of the Coascas. byheb BJgh,t lRev. Dr. Deniznntte n riemrdanngmeso thtschoot; and of the report of dnthe petr c nt the Bd lot Bld:. cation who iotOMinud. into such Charges. 2r. tsomely.-Account sho-wing the aenonot dne for urincipEt debt and. nttstonthe thvrSee veer onthe bibrof April, 1tt sati Sn account of the sannnalreeeipte'and exPenditnre hn each ye3r and tbr the iateSt date: dtbcnnshnce amount anully recelvadWfor ton. nage fromn othnerincidntlt; lsoures of incomne nnd from monoeyherrowed; also distinguiig the an3nal expenulitunefor oeelhan'rnin tenane and. %ePais froma the ex,oenditure on a.ens of debWtacl enDdoingthe sambe, Sor Otht^erlik3e fCdieId3tDOtl expenses,ntirnso thd emeunt anuol yod oser fos the 05eeit e cormty of Chester tncontimn^oatofso Parliam3entary EPaer2fo. 115 Of Session 1841), osn.xse Of' rmnAn'l,. 1. Oouse olf a ConosO ites titL,-Second reding. 2. Metrwopolitan Polioe Bil,Comn3ittee'
COVENT-GABDEW 2tEATRE. last night, it being Ash-Weduesday, there ws a vocal and instrumental concert at thfis theatre, in Eue of the or. dinary performances. The promme, conpris little hort of pleces, Was of that Zniscellaneous "dna whic" neither demands nor netits desca ion. It asas sgo^^ for as bad) as three conce in one oLf the w6ll-rentemberel "london Wednesday venin'g" stamp. Row any audienca could sit it out to teeUndwasbardtoconecive. Bat thiswus notalvL Thete -vere "encores,"whichjustifiedthe belief tha stil maore nilght with impunity have been offered for the money. Wveetheless,itmustbestated thatthese msicalsumr feltsTomachlessooottha heypallpuonratherthaml gratify the appetite, and dismiss the public unconsciously wearied. ln egardtoat thev siuiy nothIing Theym- nothing to the mind, but leave a vue impression of r.s lomfort.. S-& mw3ltifzriouas s-ccesaons of trilivilties, indeed, csn afford no instant of repose, and consequently no time either for refleotion or enloyment. Anl when, added to this the performances are anything but perAect the matter becomes -worse. How mnach better, on such oc-. casions, togive one-third the number of pieces in a satis-. factory raanuesr than so Strangei mcongruous, an& Dn-concocted an ol& pordrida-how much better for singers- and playcrs, for those assenxhled to bear jem4aii in the enld, not only for music itself:. but for specultors in mnusical perforniances, who shonid never lose, sight; of the signidrant fable of the goose that hild thie golden eggs, which has A meaning they*oulldX dowellto aino more ofte ito eour sideration. _'
ioPENI!AG £ETrEm. To THE E FF THE TimS. Sir,-I do not at aJI agree with the suggestion of Pro. fassor Taylor, or with that of '";A Poe office Cleir," as o, -the best method of closing lettez5 as I feel quite confident of being able to open letters so !ssteue& Havmg had soane experience in these natters, I beg to state that the .only effe_ mens a iit w'hicl I an .acquainted is to-!ie & non-adhesire enrelqpe. wafer it,ami then seal it. 1 have never yet aiscovei6 the in&ividiZ who could Open, undetbcted, corresponde2nce s6secnred. T am. Sir.voa rbbiedna sevvnt I ?., , 'Fe~,. 6. - ' -Soezz F A.nr.-The .Counca-o£ the S jdety of Arte propoweto holda theLir house in the-A&eIhi an exainatio4 of c&ndidates from classes of mecl.ic& uM. stithtions liuHng the wteek commeheinD the fthof June next. The saubjecta of examination ;i be mxath4enaties, zneehanics,' c)hysmist,physioloayi botan -E lishhisto, COpOai the o an Germaa lwguagse. The fowinj afe the es of th0 6xaminers,-theAstronomer I0ya] Dr Bemx;, i HEn xnd He-.S. Bestw tho Xer. Booth, F.H.., the 2Rev. Prfesor J. S. Brewer,.
ZOYJDONY. THURSDAY, FXBRUARY 7, 56. In the House of GoDmuons, yesterday, a converation aroee upon.a motion by 3Mr. LOwz to put ofF the ecoud iefrig of the Partners1hip Amendment :Bill Lnd theJointStock CoampniesBill, which xtood for that day, until Friday, h or. nxwD HALSm3, 3fr. Hz= , mr. oaro, andd other member. pressing for a longer postponement, to which proposal Mr. LowE declined to accede. On the second reading of the Mletropolitan Police Bill, Sir H. WIllOUGIMY inquired whether the proposed alteration would involve any additional enpense; and under what anthority the sole Comnissoner would act? -- Sir G. GxEy said, there would be no additional expense, but, on the contrary, a gain of 1001. a- year; and that there would be no change in the authority under which the Commissioner would act. The remaining business having been disposed of; the House adjourned at a quarter to 3o@clock.
The costs of the war, as far as appears in the public accounts, are not yet of the formidable character familiar to the older class of our readers. For the last year, they are not to be compared with any one of the later years of the old war, nor are they to be compared with the losses of the country by its manias for railway speculation, for reckleas trading, for loans to new States, for bubble companies, or even with the Ioss by a bad harvest. It is evident, indeed, that if a necessity lay on usj we could easily carry on the war -vith Russia on a much grander scale than at present. We have already caUed attention to the chief figures in our remarks upon the quarterly returns at the close of the year, but a fuLer return, just published, gives us more insight into the state of our affairs. It appears that last year the excess of expenditure over income was 21,141,1831. It is but two or three years since that there was an annual surplus of several millions-nay, in the very paper before us, oddly enough, there is a payment of 19,5571. to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, according to the act compelling that application of surplus revenue. We all remember with what beaming delight our Chancellors of the Exchequer used to announce a surplus of a million or two; and how the members cheered, and how the knowledge of the fact used to bring a dozen deputations in a week to the Treasury. A year of war, then, has made the difference ten times as great against us, instead of for us. That, too, only gives a very partial view of the case. It is a difference the wrong way, in the face of a greatly increased taxation. We raised last year an income of 63,364,6051., which is about 15,000,0001. more than we have raised at any recent date. One tax alone we were actually preparing to dispense with altogether, and last year we doubled it, and raised thereby 13,718,1851. It shows how the iron has entered into our soul, how well we stand to be fleeced, and what excellent fleeces we carry, that we have individually stood and delivered at the call of the collector a personal tax yielding, in the aggregate, two-thirds as much as the Customs, less than three millions short of the Excise, and twice as much as the Stamps. The Customs for the year were 20,987,7521.; the Excise, 16,389,4861.; the Stamps, 6,805,6041.; and the produce of the Property-tax, to which we refer, was no less than 13,718,1851.-a larger sum, we believe, than was ever raised by a direct impost from one people since the beginning of the world. But now for the darker side of the picture, of which neither side is very bright. The national " defences" last year cost us nearly fifty milions, and a good deal more, probably, if the whole truth could now be known. Of this the Army cost us 14,545,0591.; the Navy, 19,014,7081.; the Ordnance, 9,632,2901.; and there was also a vote of credit for additional expenses connected -with the war of 5,000,0001. Only seven years ago a distinguished statesman used to say that if he returned to power he would undertake to do the defences for ten millions, and that was the limit to wEhch MIr. COBDEN proposed to reduce it. That much has gone for ordnance alone-for guns, powder, and shot I What might we not have done with these fifty millions had NIoworAs and the evil genius of CATnERm allowed us a choice in the matter ! The interest of the Debt itself is paled by the lurid light of this vast extravagance. It is only 27,647,8991. for all kinds of debt, permanent and terminable, funded and unfunded. The hideous waste has just this grain of consolation, that if we can raise double the interest of the Debt for the purposes of war, we might, if we so pleased, raise as much for the extinction of the Debt itself. As for the charges on the Consolidated Fund, that we hear of so much, and which are the object of so much constitutional jealousy that only this week the HosrE SECRETARY was solemnly promising not to put on this fund the Government subvention to the County and Borough Police, they become a mere bagatelle by the side of these monster items. They come to 1,724,7051., comprising 396,5701. for the Civil List, on which there is always such a fight at the beginning of a reign; 340,9911. for those words of terror about which so many " Black; Books" have been written "Annuities and Pensions;" 162,6971. for the minor abominations called "Salaries and Allow"ances 149,2441. for diplomatic salaries and pensions, also often tne subject of economical strictures ; 493,9821. for Courts of Justice; and 182,1181. for Miscellaneous Charges. Under the "Supply Services" there comes the item, for Miscellaneous Civil Services, 6,741,1261. Hence it results that for all the purposes of peace we spent last year 8,465,8111., -about one-sixth of what we spent for the purposes of war. This is just as if a man spent C001. a-year in pushing on a miserable law suit, and, in order to do that, confined the meat, drink, clothing,' housing, and education of a numerous family within the beggarly allowance of 1001. " But how about the deficiency P' we can fancy some of our more knowing readers exclaiming, IC and " the debt, past, present, and to come T' Well, one ought to know something about it, for here is " an account of the Balances of the Public Money," professing to state to a penny how the Debtor and Creditor account of the nation stood on January L But we shall not be party to any such delusion. If there is one thing which no Chancellor of the Exchequer can know in time of war, even a little war, -a war against the Cafres, for example,-it is the state of the public balance. Exactly one year and a quarter since we ventured to intimate that Parliament, then on the point of meeting, would speedily be called on to sanction a loan ; and we received an angry disclaimer of any such intention, there being every proqpect, it was said, of the war being paid for out of income. Since that time, besides double Income-tax and other war taxes, we have borrowed and spent every farthing of 16,000,0001., and have increasedour Unfunded Debt from about 16,000,0001. to more than 23,000,0001. Thus we have increased our debt, if we are not mistaken, about 23,000,0001. altogether since the beginning of the war. When such are the figures, the exact balance at any moment in the Exchequer seems to us a formality of very little consequence. The CHAscxcaon of the ExcHsEQui is sure to have powers to make a balance by issuing bills of one sort or another, and when he has run that source dry he- vik Parliament for leave to funcd his debt and issue more bills. The real gist of the question is the excess of expenditure over income, for that must be met in one way or another, and is not likely to diminish as long as the war lasts. Last year it was 24,141,1831., and, as only 16,000,0001. of that have been met by a loan, and the expenditure for the present year, peace or no peace, is likely to be quite as much as the last, we canot help suspecting that we shall want another loan of sixteen, or even twenty miions, before tho year is out,
The more we atudy the real history of the-past' campaign the more cause have we to wonder at the institutions of our country. It is often the fashion to say of any scandal of past times that such a thing could not be done now-that it was very well under tho Ruosxr and CAsTLEanAGH, but that now people would not bear it; but it seems that the thing that has been shall be. The boldest insult to general opinion on the part of the authorities a generation since - cannot. go beyond what we have seen within the last twelvemonth in the rewards showered on men who have been the chief actors in a disastrous drama. Even WEnmocuz and Walcheren CnaATHr were not immediately promoted to higher places and covered with new decorations; but what has been the lot *of those who, quitting the scenes of last year's calamities and the victims of undenied neglect, retirned to- their. native. contAry- while a momnentous' contest was' yet undecided? We can afford to address our readers in -words which our judges continually repeat when the reputationx of an accused person is at stake, and ask them to' "dismiss from their minds all that they have before I "heard" as to the neglect and incapacity of certain high-placed officers in the Crimea. Let them consider all that correspondents have told tllem as beside the present inquiry, and base their judgments solely on the reports and evidence which are now, after a long delay,' and perhaps with much unwillingness. given to the world. One Earl who com- manded a brigade of cavalry is now Inspector-'. G^neral of the whole of that branch of the army; another, who cmire home for a court-martial, has received a regimnent ; the ex-Quartermaster-General in the Crimea is now Quarternaster-General of Great Britain; his deputy in camp is now his deputy in London; all have received, besides, higher military rank and the most honourable decorations. Nor do these stand alone. Who is there whose conduct has not been deemed worthy of the Royal approbation? Although inquiry was in progress, the issue of which the nation looked for with eagerness, it has been held that all were not only blameless, but deserving. When such calamities were known to -have taken place a rightminded people might justly complain that their authors should escape censure; but here there has been not only impunity, but reward. Even the orders of foreign Sovereigns have been bestowdd d on some, with the -approbation, perhaps under the advice, of their own Government. We all know the spirit that has been engendered by these recompenses. - It has been' that of defiance to all legitimate opinion, of confidence that interest anLd official connexion can, after all, carry a man through anY' storm of public disapprobation. These persons have been able to parade their new decorations, and to proclailm in coarse phrase their contempt for the inquiries of Parliament and the opinions of the people. We ! cannot therefore omit to urge attention to the I details which are now made public. Let it not b3 said that these matters belong to the past. Those who commanded then now command with still higher rank Those who were accused then will enter into any future campaign with all the presige not only of acquittal, but of acknowledged merit. When the offences were committed they were denied, or it was demanded that the worldc should reserve its judgment. Now, when the i whole is proved, it cannot be allowed that the offenders should plead that the lapse of time neces- i sitates an amnesty. If so, a denial of facts succeeded by a delay of inquiry will give impunity to any wrongdoing. It is a maxim of our law that no lapse of years will defeat a proceeding -by the. CROwN. If a petty larceny may at any time be punished, afrely an interval of a few months cannot make inquiry into such calamities useless or ill-timed. Ef our cavalry has achieved no great succsses in the Crimea, its leaders have not been without a certain notoriety. In the celebrated affair of Balaklava they co-operated with the QuartermasterGeneral to produce the result which has been so much discussed. General Aruv wrote an ambiguous order, Lord LUCA misinterpreted it, and Lord CAuDIGAN' executed it. One or even two may have been blameless, but the Horse Guards have rewarded all three. As the winter approached the two Peers were found in still closer connexion with the department. Their great aim was, it would seem, the destruction of the cavalry division. Lords LucAs and CARDIGAN had long quitted the Crimea when Sir J. Br'NL began his labours, but the officers who served under them give a fair idea of their genius for command. The episode related by Colonel GRIn- rim, of the Scots Grays, will show with what judgment and temper Lord LucA? treated his subordinates. After stating, like several other colonels, that the horses were after the 14th of November perishing from want, without hay or, straw, and with onIy from two to three pounds of barley daily, he tells how he drew the attention of his commanding officer to the inclemency of the weather, and informed him that he was afraid he ' should lose a good many horses. " But if Lord " LucA could hold out any encouragement to the "men that they were to remain for any length of "time in the camp they occupied he could get them "to erect, some sort of covering." The reply was forcible. " Eis Lordship threatened to place hima "un der arrest for presuming to suggest such a " thing." Colonel GRIFFITH thinks-and the world wil think with him-that, " if that sugges"tion had been acted upon, no doubt he should "have saved many of the horses which were lost." Colonel SnzwErms story of an application to Lord CAnDIOAN is somewhat similar. Colonel SHEwELL commanded the 8th Hussars, and distinguished hiiwelf greatly on the day of Balaldava. Eis charge to and from the Russian batteries may not have been as brilliant' as his Lordship's, but he kept his men well together, and the return of even a remnant of the Light Brigade is said to be due to his courage and coolness. He may therefore be considered a good authority. He attrbutes the loss of the horses to inclement weather, and to their having been " for at least ten daysin Novem"ber without a blade of hay or straw, and with "only three pounds of barley daily." Havingbeen absent sicck ten days or a fortnigh t, he 'couldahardly on his return recognize them, and several died while being led to water. There was plenty of forage at Balaklava, but the Commissariat had no means of sending it up. The natural conclusion of ColonelSmzwr was that the horses should be sent for the forage; but Colonel Dn SArIS, Who had commanded in the interim, at once informed him that he had made such a represertation to Lord CARDIGAN, " but this proposal was re- "jected." Colonel DouGras, of the 11th Hussars, I gives similar testimony. The horses were exposed to verY severe weather, and were standing up to their knees in mud. Thousands of rug j were in store, but not one was issued. " Their "hunger was such that they not only ate straps and "other articles within reachl but actually gnawed J "off the hair from each other's manes and tails." Colonel DouG s also made a representation to Lord CARDIGAN, proposing to send the horses to Balaklava, but, as before, --"-the-'propo- "sal was rejected." Colonel DouxTY, of the 13th Dragoons, tostifies to tho state of tho hormes and the existence of forage at Bala,klava, and states that he made no application to send for forage, because he had heard from other conianding officers that they had been Tefjil p, , ion to W9 flo, he consequences of this judicious managemient are given in the evidence. In March the 13th Dragoons had%ine horses fit for duty ; the 4th Light Dragoons, 16; other regiments were much in the same state. Let it be remembered that a dismounted Dragoon is about as effective as a swan on aturnpike road, and that, even if cavalry were useless, horses were invaluable to carry provisions to the front, and our obligations to Lords LuoA and CABDIwAu will be appreciated. Yet these are two of the men whom Government has Bince delighted to honour. The example is a usefdl one, and we trust it will be duly pondered.
The British Government has at length comae to | the conclusion that the brave soldiers who have-i nai the name of England so famous in the four quarters of the globe are not inaccemsible to the. sentiment of honour. -An Order of Merit has been established at -last,-and the principles which are to regulate the distributioni bf its distinction6 are laid down in so broad and satisfactory a manner that nothing remains but to express our full satisfaction at the concession of this tardy measure of justice. The practice untilof late years has been, tLat after the conclusion of any great military achievenient all honorary acknowledgment of the brilliant services performed by the non-commissioned officers and private 'soldiers was indefinitely postponed. Years were suffered to pass away, and the stalwart form of many a veteran who had. looked death boldly in:the face in his country'. cause lay mouldering in the grave before the issun of " medals" took place. Even after the period of sickening delay the distribution was made upon a principle which could inspire little satisfaction, because it implied no selection. A regunent, a division, an army received the medals en umsse. It was of little consequence who had behaved well in the presence of the enemy; no inquiry was made whether the military medalists had been in the presence of the enemy at all; the medals were thrown broadcast among all the troops who had been engaged in the operation, whether present under' fire or not, and so it was supposed that the noble ambition of the soldier was amply satisfied. Many men who never heard the pealing of the artillery at Waterloo-and its roar was heard at Ghentreceived the Waterloo medal, in common with the bleeding survivors of the diminished squares. The same principle has been observed in the Crimea. Medals and clasps have been given for particular actions to men who took no further part in those actions than the troops now encamped at Aldershott. The honorary medals were issued from the miilitary mint on the same principle which regulates the issue of fourpenny bits or florins from Tower-hill. * The great point was that there should be enough of them. Is it, then, surprising that the sturdy soldiers who had borne the heat and brunt of the day, who had forced their -way up the hill at the Alma in the face of the Russian guns, or who had driven back the Muscovite legions with their clubbed firelocks on the memorable 5th of Nfovember, 1854, should regard with something very like contempt a distinction which they alone had earned, but which others had obtained without the baptism of fire ? England is pre-eminently a country of aristocratic feeling. Now, what would the proudest of our Peers sayto a regulation which gave the title of " Duke" to every person who paid 501. annually to the income-tax; of Marquis to the contributor of 401.; and so on in a descending scale? Would their own titles appear to them a very valuable inheritance, when they were shared by every successful stockjobber and millowner ? This, however, was the principle established in the case of men who owed. their distinctions, not to accident oi fortune, butto. their own daring valour and surpassing fortitude. The new distinction is to be known as the Victoria Cross. It is a Maltese cross of bronze, with the Royal crest of England on one side, and on the' other the simple legend "'For salour." It is to be suspended from the left, breast by a blue riband for the navy, by a red riband for the army. A bar attached to the riband by which the 'cross is suspended will register every fresh deed which would have entitled the -wearer to the orig,inal distinction. Here, however, is the pith and marrow of the regulations-here is the enunciation of the principle which will impel men to struggle for the distinction of the Victoria Cross in the midst of tempest and battle -" It is ordained "that the Cross shall only be awarded to those 1 "officers or men who have served us in the I "presence of tUe enenly, and shall have then per"formed some signal act of valour or devotion to "their country." The principle is, no doubt, the sound one, but is it meant to exclude the case of those who volunteer, in the midst of the strife of the elements and in circumstances of great danger, for the performance of desperate service * When the fire broke out in the artillery park the other day in the Crimea, and man after man went in composedly tohis work, surrounded by perils as great as those of the breach of Badajoz at the critical moment of the storm, would they not be entitled to the distinction of the Victoria Cross ? Common sense and the usage of the FrenchlLegion of Honour would say " Yes ;" the express words of the English regulation say " No.' It is trae that in the very next rule we find it laid down that " Neither rank, nor long service, nor "wounds, nor any other circumstance or condition "whatsoever, saye the -merit of conspicuous "bravery, shaU be held to establish a sufficient "claim to the honour." Conspicuous brvery is the qualification, according to this regulation, which stands as the sixth in order; but, according to the fifth regulation, this conspicuous bravery must be displayed in the presence of thie enemy -that is, no doubt, in actual conflict.. WVe leave the suggestion 'to the consideration of the framers of these regulations. If they have com- i mitted an oversight, it is easier to repair it at. once than later. If their words express their real intention, and the Victoria Cross is to be the Battle Cross of the two services, and nothinig else, the terms of the regulations will enable them to carry out their intention. There is nothing to criticige in the rules laid dowvn for the distribution of the medal among our soldiers and sailors. In the French service more is left, we believe, to the acclamation and approval of their comrades. It is more the public opinion of the ship or regiment which awards the decoration of the Legion of Honour than the selection of the officer; the rule, however, may work as it stands. The fourteenth clause is one which will be read with especial approbation. By this a pension of 101. a-year is given to every mariner or soldier who has earned the Victoria Cross, and an additional pension of 51. for every additional bar. The Minister need not dread a refusal of these allowances.
RoYA COLEGE or SURGEONS.-The following members of tho College, having undergone the neceszary examinations, were admitted licenti4tes of midwifery at the meeting of the board on the 5th inst -lMessrs. George Staoepoole Gabb,Newent,Glocestcrshire; Frederic Shepherd,. FaTersham; Thomas laloolmson Donshoo, Westminster-road; Robert Hall BAkewell, Purton, near Swindon, Wiltshire- Thomas George Brook, Caxton, Cambridgedhire; W;l1im Godwmin Coombs, Winford, Somerset; Wiliam Kirk, Hedon, near Hull; Henry Gibbons, Wolverhampton; Samuel Daniel Hine, Nottin ham; Charles Corbett Blades, Tattershall, Lincolnshire; Henry Hannotto Vernon, St. Marys Hospital; and FrancisWilton, Oloce6ter.
THE PATAL COLLrSrO* OFF FOzrESz! ONE. -M- TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-We beg to hand you herevwith tlhe names of the passengersperthe JosephinoWillis. We very 3nuch fear that of tho melancholy list of missing none are now likely to be surviving. We find that the report of a boat having arrived at Dover with 11 persons is incorrect. We are. Sir. vour obedient savan* . -MNBY K W1IS i.LD Co. , Crosby-square, Feb. v. LisT OY THi PASSENGERS Ot TIIE JbSE1pKE hwLTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDIES. Sir,-By your paper of this day I see mention made of Captain Hunt's name as being instramental in saving the lives of some of the passengers and crew of the ill-fated Josephine Willis. I am sure, if you but saw the exertions and undaunted bravery displayed by that noble young fellow while in the midst of death, and (as was believed) while the steamer he ws a passenger inwas going down, you would have extolled nis conduct in the most glowing colours. I writo with warm feelings; I have been an eye-witness of his bravery, I have heard his cool commanding voice as it runLe like a trampet above the din and honror around us, and,w'len comparative order was restored, I saw him administering comfort and consolation to the wretched survivors with a manner kind and gentle as that of a tender woman. Who Captain Hunt is, or what his position may be, I know not; but, after the horrors of Sunday night, in which he was a sharer and acted so noble a part, may God Alminhtv bless his noble heart is the arav.r f A GRATEFUL -SURVIVOR. Ramspte, Feb. 5.
PooB. RErF Di ScomAzm.-A small blue-book of 200 pages, just published, contains the 10th annualreport of the Board of Supervision for the relief of the poor in Scotland. It hence appears that several charges against inspectors have been investigated, the result of which was the dismissal of one and the intimation to seven others that "their resignations would be accepted." Since the last report 11 parishes which had before raised the funds for the relief of the poor by voluntary contributions have resolved- to raise them by asseasment. The number of parishes now,assessed is 700, and the number that raise the- fands - by the voluntary system 183. Tha progress from voluntary contribution to assessinet has been regular and rapid since 1845. The number of parishes possessing peorhonses is104, baving an aggregate population of 996,459 souls, and whenthose Jp ogressare c6snleted the number wvill be 176,4-asnggre'zte popultion of 1,279,389. The total population for Ehicb poorhouse accommodation was available in 1854-55 v-as 1,512,894. The governor of the Jedburgh combination poorhouse was reprimanded, and allowed to resign, for sending away a lunatic inmate under his care. The whole sum expended on medical relief amounted to 27,1661., equal to 2.925 pence per Lead of the population of Scotland in 185L The number of complaints of inadequate relief brought before the board was 568, against 596 in the preceding year, 1853-54. The sum expended for the relief and management of the Poor duing the year ended the 14th of oIay, 1S55, was 611,784!., including 20,6051. for poorhouses and 6,355!. for general sanitary measures. nthe preceding year the expenditure amounted to 578,9287. This is equal to a rate on the population of 4s. 2$L., which is an increase of 2id. On the preceding year. In 185253 the rate was only 3s. 9d. per head, and in 1851-52, 3s. S4. The rate on real property Last year wfas 67. lls. 31d per cent., against G7. 4s. in t fe preceding year, and 51. lDs. 10d. in the year before that. The sum excpended on the relief of registered and casual poor in the year ended MWay, 1855, w;as 488,S997. against 453,0941.in 1854, and 455,2421. in 185S. This increase of expenditure is not, it appeas, greater than might have been expected to arise from the hi"h pfces of food, and it is satisfactoryto notice that the av3erage allowance to each pauper has risen or falen with every coniderable rise or fall in the price of provisions. The number of registered poor in May, 1855, was 79,587, being an increase of !67 since last year, and one of 856 smce May, 1850. The number of casual poor wVas 42,863, being an increase of 7,912 as compared with the previous year. The whole number of re"istered and casual poor relieved during the year was 143,42J, against 138,728 in the year preceding. The number of registered poor actually relieved within the year was 100,560, and the number of their dependents 40,569. The number of registered poor vwho died or ceased to be relieved was 20,673, and the number of their dependents 6,382. The whole sum derived f rom church collections in assessed parishes was 15,2691., of which 9,1851. is stated to have been expended on pnOr relef. As reoards cholera morbus, it is shown that from the outbrez; of that epidemic in 1853 dowvn to November, 185*, it had isited 228 parishes and 14,430 parsons, of whom 6,848 succumbed to the disease. These figures, however, are only appro mnateiy correct.- p in, a letter in the Brighton Hera7d, discloses a fact interesng to the antiquaries of the county. He sys,-"Many of yourreaders may remember a smallhillock, about 15or23 feet high, that once stood in the centre of Hove-fields, on the north of-the pathway from Brighton to Hove church, and situated about 200 yards N.N.E. of thle new church of St. John the Baptist, and, till very lately, famous every Good riiday as the resort of hundreds of young persons to join in-the- rustic game of "kiss in the ring." Risin" from a 'perfectly level plain, and being uncouected with any otherhills, it always presented the appearance of an artificial mound, and therefore, when, some years ago, a road was cut through it to the Hove station of the Brighton and Portsmouth Railway, I was anXioTs to learn whether any antiquities had been met vith; b'ut not any were then found. Now, however, all doubt on the subject has been set at rest, and the hillock proved to be a 'barrow,' or monumental mound, erected over the remains of an ancient British chieftain. Labourers have recently. been employed removing the earth of tnis hill, and last week,, on reaching the centre of the mound, about two yards west of the road leading to Hove station, and about nine feet below the surface, dug ont a rude coffin between six and seven feet long. On exposure to the atmosphere the boards immediately crmubled avay, but a few of the knots remained, and prove to be of oalk The coffin contained small fragments of bone, some of which I hava seen, andthe folowing curious relics:-L An amber cup, vith a handle on one side. It is hemispherical in shape, rather deep, with a lip tuning outwards, and is ornamented merely vlth a band of tine lnes running round the outside, about half an i¢nch from the top. From the fact of the rim not being perfectly round, and the band before mentioned not p assing over the apace vithin the handle, and its beinxg marked off at each end with a line seemingly cut across, we may conjecture it to have been made and carved by hand. 2. A ' celt,' or head of a battle4xe, about fiv- inches long. It is in perfect reservation, and made of eome sort of ironstone; thewo has, of course, long since decayed. 3. A small whetstone, with a hole neatly drilled through one end, so that it might be suspended by a thong to a person and carried about. 4. Abronespear head,verymuch oxidised, and so brittle that it brohe into halres as it s being taken out of the ground. - Twro of the rivets -nd fragments of the spear handle still remain attacched to the lower end of the blade. -The worrlimen described the coffin as restin" on the natural soil- which is stiff yellow clay, while the mound itself bears every appence of havng been formed of surface earth and rubbish thrown up together. I miutely examined the aections of the bill, and myself sicked out severld specimens of charred wood, and as informed that such fragmkents were very a2,uODD antea Toerman. ner of sepuoture and ll the relicsM , excepting the spear head indicate this montd as having been thebouriel.place of a Britishahieftan before theltime of the Roman invasion; the spear head certaiinly more nery, though not exactly, resembles those uJsed afterwrds. The mound ta of thEe aim plestand m4ost anoientiform, anad thereforo I am inclinedi to think we may reckon it asatleast 2,000 years old, perhaps more. It has niow disaippeared. The Last clod of that earth wvhich so long covered use bones of a British chieftain was this afternoon carted away; and coffin, bones, and earth have been throwni pell-mefl to formn the mould of the fieture rosay of Palmyra-sqiuare."
SECOND EDITION. THE TIMES OFFICE, Thur7aiy Monzing. THF ARMIY IN THE - CRDIM When our Soeil Edition went to press,-neitier - the Frecnh nor Germ=n Itaili Lhad anived; we have, however, received the following Ietters from the East. (FnoX O1IrR OWV Mlv. I CAMP BEFORE SEBASTOPOI 3A1 . 3. After 36 hours of very heavy andalmost incessant rain, to-day dawned with a bright sun and a sky which, if not altogether cloudleass, was yet a strong - contrast with the lowering leaden gloom that yesterday overhung us. But let it not be supposed that the Crimean sun sufficed to convert tho -winter of our discontent into glorious summer. It alone upoi ' an indignant and disgusted camp.- There were two causes for the grumblings which on all sides: were heard. The first, but ninor maotive, wa&: tha;t theo mai due on Monday had not arrived. It; had-been looked for hour by hour with au eagernessto be appreciated only by winter sojourners in-the - Crimnea. This morning the public impatience over- flowed. The postal disappointment, however, hasbeen in great measure lost sight of in presence of : the great news of the day-news which has too I much consistency to be rejected as an idle rumour. That peace is as good as concluded is the talk of the whole camp. There may'be a few-carpetwaniors to -whom the intelligence is welcome; but war is the soldier's ha-rvest; "a bloody war and a siclkly season" is an old although hardly a philanthropic toast among hungerers after promotion, and although many now here would doubtless have been glad to escape, whether on the plea of ill-health - or the pretext of "urgent private affairs" fromthe wearisomeroutine of an eventlesswinter,fewcontem. plate with satisfaction the prospect of ia cessation of hostilities. There has been much msalediction and strong language going on this morning among all ranks, from Generals high in command to junior Ensigns. The weesklyhorse-fair, held to-day for the first time on an open plot of ground between iittle Kadiloi (now better known as Donnybrook) and the high road to Ba Iklava, was dulL Chargers and poneys, vaunted by the auctioneer sergeant as "splen-udi" and "serviceable," had fallen many per cent. in value, and buying in was the order of the sale. I am assured that sudry captains in line regi. ments, who will be 20 years of age come Midsummer or Iichaelmas, have been heard to inveigh against the hard fate which leaves them on the eve of peace, and at their advanced period of life, to vegetate in so humble a rank. Among the better class of non-commissioned officers I should think there would be nearly as many mal-contents as among their commissioned superiors, since promotion from the ranks has of late greatly increased, and the re-formation of the Iand Transport Corps is giving commissions to many. The changes that this war, even if it now terminates,: will have worked in the British service are numerous and important. The character of the army will to a certain extent be altered by the promotion of non-commissioned officers, by which its aristocracy may suffer, but I doubt whether its efficiency will be impaired. Great care, of course, should be, and I presume is taken, to promote none but steady, trustworthy, and, especially sober men. The sad mortality of the last 18 months has filled the army with boy subalterns and captains, the greater part of them without military education, and with nothing extraordinary to. recommend them beyond gentle breeding and the spirit and -courage innate in most Englishmen. An admixture of experienced and practical soldiers, raised from the ranks, is certainly not unadvisable, and, indeed, is hardly avoidable, consistently with the safety and efficiency of our army, however m3uch it may be calculated to impair the polish and refinement of a mess table, and to shock the feelings of rosewater militaires, who. shudder at the misapplition of an aspirate and swoon on beholding fisheaten with a knife. But this campaign has done much to rab off the coxcombry of theservice, vwithout, as I believe, impairing its gentlemanly character and tone, Which it is to be hoped will not materially suffer by the considerable amount of promotion lately given to sergeants. The Land Transport Corps, in which a number of these have been appointed comets or quartermasters, just now attracts a good deal of attention, in consequence of the general after order of the 11th inst., from which it appears that the corps will henceforward be a regular branch of the service, and that its pay and allowances, both for officers, non-commissioned officers, and men, are extremely liberal-so much so,-indeed, as to inspire some with distrust, and to make them fancy that there must be drawbacks and disadvantages not immediately manifest-in short, that thereis some doin thething. Ifitwerenotforthiilbe. lieve we should have numbers of officers applying;for appointments in the corps. As it is there are not a few applications; and when the plan gets well understood there will probably be no difficulty in filling up the commissions withthe names 6f good men. Colonel Wetherall hopes to have the corps ready to take the field some time in April. There ara depots of animals at Sinope and the Dardanelles,3,000, I hear, at the former place. If peace be reallv made, the corps will doubtless be reduced from the strength at present proposed; butas long as England has an army it ought never to be dissolved. There is no branch of the service which it is more important to maintain constantly in an efficient state. That the very existence of an armay depends upon it was sadly and fully proved in the autumn ana winter of 1851-5, by the disasters that its want &casioned. The corps Bhould have a plain, serviceable uniform, and its members should be well drilled as soldiers, for many circumstances might arise in which they would find it necessaTy to know how to fight, as well as to ride and drive. And even when not actual combatants, their duties are neither unsoldierly nor exempt from peril "When a division is fighting," says the closing paragraph of the general order, "The duty of its Land Transport Regiment is so impra, tant with regard to the close supply of ammunition and the removal of the Wounded that the officer in command will find his proper place to be near his General; and he will also find that the good qualities of his officers and men for coolness, steadiness, activity, and coumse 'wi be. as muclL required and as much v:dued as the exertions of their comrades ixR front." The pay and allowances of all rauks in this corp3 are so handsome, that there ought tobeno difficulty at any time in finding good men readyto enlist in it and experienced officers wlling to join it. lfoncommisksoned officers receive from 2s. to 5s. a day, according to grade, and privates get ls. Gd. a day, besides free rations and field allowance. Jsu^. 25.- Yesterday aftenoon brotught us the two due mails, and the confimation of the report thAt Russia had accepted the firndwtnm sent by Austria through Count Asterhazy; still there are many who doubt whether there Le a sincere intention of oomplying with terms which must, to say the least, be galling to Russin pride. On the other hand, if it be true, as there ar many reasonsforbelieving, that the internal sufferings and difficulties of Rumia consquent on the wa arm very great, and if she be oonvinoed, as well she msy be, that she has nothing to gain by persisting in the contest,- he does'wisely to accept at once the cup shemuxt ultimately be forced to swallow. And yetit is difficult to realizetheidea
THE DUKE OF YORK'S MOUND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Permit me to as' the favour of being allowed a small corner of your valuable space for some remarks on the unsightly mound facing Waterloo-place, which you designate " this unfortumate nuisance of our own creation." When 'he abortion was arst conceived my father, at the head of a deputation of the most influential inhabitants of Regent-street and Waterloo-place, had the honour of presenting an address to his late Majesty, on the occasion of a levee, accompanied by drawings and plans, showing the very beautiful effect which might be produced by a judicious disposition of this almost unexampled entrance into a park. With ornamental sloping terraces on each side, for approaches to Carlton-gardens, topped by its splendid build. ings, the effect might have been little inferior to that at the entrance from the Place de la Concorde into the Jardins des Tuileries. The address was very graciously received, of course; but the " Woods and Forests" persisted in shooting their rub. bish, and thus we have a mound of earth, surmounted by a straighc column, between two straight lines of tall houses, with a late Commander-in-Chief, in full uniform, taking an observation over the roofs in front of him at some imaginary enemy on Primrose-hilL This nuisance is not merely opposed to all rales of goo taste, and a constant stumbling-block to all the neighbouring residents, but here are two other instances of its awkward results :-The Horse Guards, both Blue and Red, on repairing to the morning parade at Whitehall must make a daily detour into the narrow and crowded, thoroughfare of Cocknpur-street and Parliament-street, to their own annoyance and with some inconvenience to the public; and, above all, Her Majesty, whenever she wishes to proceed in a north-easterly directicn from Buckingham Palace, has no choice but to go through the narrow passage leading to Cleveland-row. Is tbe fact of some thousands having been expended, or rather wasted, upon a national absurdity to be considered a reason for perpetuating it ? Bay not the mound be excavated and the monuuenti.e., the statue-be removed to some more congenial spot, the materials of the column and seps being applied to some useful building purpose ? The 3Marble Arch having been found to be misplaced was removed without hesitation or consideration of expense; why not likewise the York Column? I have the honour to be, Sir, Your very obedient servant. HENRY BARBER BEAUMONT. I testrtemr3ce, Hyde Fark, Feb. 5.
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCO. FB L.#-- - FRANCE. (Ok(JU btfA 6WR &Rkf%MNbVa,) [The foUowing ;appeire& iout swiecond ediffon of yes. terd:Y:-1 ' PARIS, TUESDAY, F n, 6 P. The following letter, dated the 24thult., has been received from Constantinople - ",The sensation produced by the news of the acceptance by Russia of the Austrian propositions has by no means subSided here. The speody conclusion of peace is fully believed, and a day or two ago it was rumoured that an asmistice wonld be proclaimed forthwith. " There is reason to fear that the unlook0d_foI!chaIe in the policy o `"e Cabinet of St Petersburg may produco a certain degree of peAt-i1bf!ost 1 th9 99f Constatinople. Immense quantities of provsong iia bPn Dpw chased, on the certainty of the continuanco of the campaign, and if, as there is reacon to believe, poacc be made, great losscs will accrue to house that deeply engaged in the provision trade in the expoctation of the energetic resumption of hostilities. "Conferences are hold daily at the Seraskierato on the question of the situation of the Christian subjects of the Ottoman empire. The Grand Vizier takes part in them, as also do the French and English Ambassadors and Prince Callimald. The Turkish Governmuent seems most favourable to reform, and tho most satisfactory results are cx- pected. The French Ambassador has received from the Sultan the decoration of the Medjidi6 of the first class. " The 3d Regiment of the Anglo-German Contingent has lately arrived at Constantinople. It has established its encampnient on the plain contiguous to Kululee, and which contains already 4,000 men. General Shirley has arrived at Constantinople, and leaves to-day for Varna; the outrages committed lately by the Bashi-Bazouks render the presenco of the General in that place necessary. Apropos of Varna, I have to mention that after various operations it has been discovered that the submarine telegraph was broken about 25 miles from Cape St. George. A portion of the wire has been found, bat the weather is not yet favourable for tho operations necessary for searching for the other portion. " Baron Tecco, the Sardinian Minister, leaves Constantinople on Monday next for Turin. The First Secretary will take charge during his absence. Mr. James Brandt, English Consul at Erzeroum, has been appointed to the same post at Damascus. My last letters from the Crimea are of the l9th, but they mention no fact of importance. The weather was still fine. The northern forts had almost entirely ceased their fire, though it was not believed that tho Russians were aware of the acceptance of the Austrian propositions. Gene. ral Lebmouf, wvhc had been sent by marshal Pelissier to Kinbumn, in anticipation of an attack from the Rus. =ians, has returned to the Crimea. General Vivian has made the greatest efforts to complete the fortifications of Kertch and its environs. The Circassian deputation, whose arrival from Anapa I announced in my last letter, left tho day before yesterday for Trebizonde, whence it proceeds direct to the head-quarters of Omar Pasha." The following telegraphic despatches have been received "MARSEILLES, FEB r,. "l'he Euphrate has just arrived, with dates from Constantinople to the 28th ult. "The Sardinian Ambassador had an audience of the Sultan prior to leaving for Turin. " General Vivian has had 2,000 horses purchased at Bacharest for the Anglo-Turkish Contingent. " Accounts from Sebastopol to the 22d state that tho news of the acceptance of the Austrian propositions by Russia was at first disbelieved, but when doubt was no longer possible it caused a feeling of complete stupefaction. " Trade at Kamiesch is suffering severely. Tho excess of supplies has caused a great reduction in prices, and led to several failures. "Accounts have been received from Kertch to the 20th, but they are *without interest "' Letters from Athens, of the 31st ult., state that eight brigands had been arrested and executed. The Greek Consul at Smyrna has been dismissed." " STOCKHOLM, FEB. 4. "A Bjornstjerna, Chamberlain to His Mlajesty, has left for London, to present to Prince alUbert the Grand Cordon-of the Order of the Seraphim. " Baron dce Manderstrcem, now Swedish Ambassador at Vienna, wll shortly replace the Count de Lowenhjelm as Ambassador at Paris." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. 65c. for the end of the month ; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at S7f. 50c. ; and the new Loan at 73f. 40c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,24:7f. 50c.; Great Northern, 936f.; Strasburg, 9M. ; New Shares, 815f. ; Paris and Lyons, 1,235f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,38M.; WYestern of Frnce, 845f.; Bordeaux and Cettefi 735£.; Great Central 'of FrAnce, 636f. 2ac.; Lyons and Gcneva, 76M.; Bank of Wait Mobilier, l,547f. 50c.; AustrianRailways, 856f. 25c. Cours Aulhenique.-PARL% Feb. 5.-Cash Pices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 96f. 96f. 25c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (35 per cent. paid), 96f. 50c. ; ditto Certificates (35 per cent. paid), 96f. 50c.; Three per Ceuts., 71f. 90c. 85c. foc. 72f. 72f. lOc. 72f. 20c. ditto first Loan of 1855 (65 per cent. pid), a nf. 75c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (35 per cent. paid), 72f. 90c. 85c. 80c.; ditto Certificates (35 p or cent, paid) 72f. 90c. 85c. 80c.; Bank of France, 3,395£f 3,390£. 34i00f. 3,390f. 3,395f.£ Credit Foncier, 577f. 50c. 575f. 580f.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 430f. 435£ ; ditto Three per Cents., 372f. 50c.; Prom. Obligations of 1,OO0f., Three per Cents., 932f. 50c.; Credit Mobilier, I,540f. 1,542. 50c. 1,545f. 1,547f. 50c. 1,550f. 1,547f. 50c.; Discount Bank, 630f.- Piedmontese Five per Cents., 89f.; ditto Threo per Cents., 57f. 50c * Austrian Five per Cent&., 86'; Belgian Fourand a Half oer Cents., 96;* Romeans, S7 , lpaa Deferred Converted, *241 24; ditto InteriorDet, 38... change on London, a,t sigt, money, 26f. 30c.; three month& money,
BELIGIOUS LIBERTY IN TURKEY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE 1TIE$. Sir,-In a letter from Constantinople to your Paris correspondent, communicated by him to 17te Ti7ms of last Tuesday, is a rather imperfect statement of the interview which recently took place wvith Fuad Pasha, the Minister for Foreign Affairs, on the subject of religious liberty in Turkey. The deputation did not consist of emissaries from other countries wvho had recently arrived in Turkey, as stated; but of members of the committee of the Turkish Evangelical Alliance, which embraces residents in Turkey of all countries and denominations. The address to the Sultan emanated from a congress, not of Protestants of four nations, held in Paris in November, but of Christians of fifteen nations, held in Paris in August and September. It asked for a repeal of the sangainary practice of putting to death Turks who became Christians; which is not, I undestand, embodied in any written passage of tho Koran, as stated, but is a tradition derived from the conduct of Mahometa tradition not held to be binding by Mussulmans in India, Lc. The deputation did not leava Fuad Pasha re infectd, as asserted. A letter is lying before me from the Rev. Dr. Blackwood, Chaplain to the British Forces at Scutari, who headed the deputation, in which he says:- "I stated that the object of this deputation was to learn if the memorial should reach the hand of the Sultan himself, and be made known to him? He said 'there were many modes' of dealing with it. I rejoined that our object was to know if by some one of these modes the paper should reach the Throne itself, and be pefased by the Sultan or read to him? Similar memorials, I stated, had been presented to several crowned heads, whom I named, including Queen Victoria and the Emperor of the French; and that these appeals for univesal religious liberty emanated from, not one nation or sect, but from many, of whom I enumerated some. He replied that they were aware of all these facts, and that the paper should reach the Sultan himselfbut there must be previously a consultation of Mlinisters as .to the form in which it was to be brought before him. Of couse this was satisfactory;* and so we rose and thanked him for his courtesy, and took our leave well satisfied." I will only add that the justice of the ground taken by the petitioners is sustained by the language used by the diplomacy of all Christians on the same subject, when the matter was mooted by Lord Aberdeen in 1844-5. On the one hand, Russia said, in the person of Count Nesselrode - W We cannot but raise our voice when it is a question of inflicting the penalty of death upon individuals who, in em- racina Ch3ristianity, or in returning into the bosom of the churcxl, apPesl to our protection, and impose upon us the duty of intldrawing them from the igours of a barbarous legislation2'' On the other hand, France, with a nobleness of expression which does honour to that great nation, and to the dynasty then in power, thus spoke through AL de Bourqueney - "Even had not humanity whose name has never been vainly invoked in France, teen so cruely hurt by the punishment of this Armenian,-even could the Kingis Government, which has always protected, andever will protect, the Chrshtian rehgionin the ast, forget that it is Christianity which has been thus cruelly outroed,-the interest which it takes in the Ottoman empire and in its independence would still cause it to behold what has occurred with profound reg,ret.' The Xing's Government considers that it disharg`es an imperious duty iu making known to the Porte the impression which las been made upon it by an event unfortumately irreparable, and wbicb, were it to occar again, woula be likely to cause real danger to a Government weak enough to make such concessions to a hateful and lamentable fanaticLism? l I need make no comments. Your able pen and mighty influence will do justice to a subject on which Englaad, not to say Christendom, wil be unanimous. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your obedient servant, C. E. EARDLEY, Chairman of the Brtisih Rrxnpl, AF T1 Evangec &uiance. Torquay, Feb. L
THE NHE1 PROMOTIONS IN THE ARMY AND 2 NAVY. In the 4Gazette of Tuesday appear tho names of some 20 or 30 military and naval officers, most of whom have been promoted for their services, either irk the Peninsular or in tho presenr ,', rto the second and tbilrd divisions of the Order of the Batlh. 5J1ee Drtidl h iubllo ''l recognize amolthem with satisfaction Major-Ceneral Wiiamu vewick Williams, the gallant defender of Kar.s. The following brief account of the services of the most distinguished of those officers who have been thus honoured by Her Majesty wiU not he out of place. It wviU be observed that some of the honours now bestowed are rather tardy recognitions of services in the field- (eneral James Wa'lace Sleigh, C.B., attained the rank of full Cih1ern! in 18&f and4 ji $ohnel of the 9th Iances Heo cntered tle atmny In Pebrutry, 1?0r, is Cornet in the 11th Dragoons, became Licutenant in the sso year, a Captain in 1798, and obtained his majority in June, 1805. He had previously served in Flanders in the campaigns of 1795 and 179(, and was present at the actions in Northern Holland and the Helder, on the 10th and 19th of September, and 2d and 6th of October, 1799. Having been promoted to the rank of Lientenant-Colonel in 1809, he was again ordered on foreign service, and served in the Peninsular campaigns of 1811 and 1812. He commanded the 11th Dragooiis at Waterloo, towards the close of which battle the command of tho Fourth Brigade devolved upoII him. Attaining the rank of Colonel in 1819, he proceeded with his regiment to India, and commnanded the Cavalry Division at the siege of Bhurtporo in 1825 and the foUowing year. He obtained the. Waterloo nmedal and the war medal with one clasp for Salamanca. He became Major-General in July, 1830; Lieutenant-General in 1841; and was appointed to the Colonelcy of the 9th Lancers in 1839. In 1840 he was nominated a Companion of the Bath for his services in the Peninsula and India. Lieutenant-General Richard Goddard Hare-Clarges, C.B., entered the arny in 1796 as Ensign in the 14th Foot; became Lieutenant the same year, and Captain in 1803. Ho served in Egypt under Sir Ralph Abercremby, in Hanover under the late General Lord Cathcart, and in Spain under Sir Jolm MSoore, where ho rendered good service during the retreat to Corunna. He was on the staff of Sir Thomas Graham (afterwards better known as Lord Lynedoch) in the Walelieren Expedition, and AssistantAdjutant-Gencral of a division in the Duke of Wellington's army'in the Peninsula. He received the gold medal and one clasp for Nivelle and Nive, and the silver war medal, with nine clasps, for Egypt, Corunna, Busaco, Barossa, Ciudad Rodrigo, Badajoz, Salamanca, the Pyrenees, and San Sebastian. In 1813 he attained the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel, andthat of full Colonel in 1830, became a field officer in 841, was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant-General in 1851, and succeeded the Hon. General Areade in the following year as Colonel of the 12th Foot. Brigadier-General William Fensick Williams, wlhose name is so familiar to our readers for his gallant defence of Kars, was born about the year 1809, anid educated, we beliove, at the Royal Military Academy, Woolsich, from which he entered the Artillery as Second Lieutenant in 1825. Two years later ho was promoted to the rank of First Lieutenant, and to that of Captain in 1840. Young as ho is, comparatively, in the service, he has had considerable military and diplomatic experience, having been employed in Turkey from 1840 to 1843 in the latter capacity, when ho was sent as British Commissioner to mlect the Turkish and Persian Plenipotentiaries -at Erzeroum, and took part in the conferences preceding the treaty signed at that place in Mlay, 1847. In the June of tho following year he was appointed British Commnissioner for the settlement of the Turco-Persian boundary. In May, 1846, he received the brevet rank of Major for his military and diplomatic services in Turkey, and the brevet rank of Colonel in March, 1848, for his political services at Erneroum. In December, 1852, he w-as honoured with the Companionship of the Order of the Bath. In August, 1854, while the British army wmas at Varna, he was appointed Her Majesty's Commissioner with tho Turkish forces in those parts, with the local rank of Colonel in the army, and while so occupied he was raised to the local rank of Brigadier-General on the 19th of December last. Rear-Admiral the Hon. Richard Saunders DTmdas, C.B., is the next brother and heir presumptive to Major-General Viscount Melville, KIC.B., who is at present General in command of the Scottish district. He is second son of the late Viscount, by his wife, the daughter and co-heir of Richard Huck Saunders, Esq., 1LD. He was born at MelviUe Castle in 1802, and entered the naval service in 1815; he acted as private secretary to his father when First Lord of the Admiralty from 1828 to 1830. He was engaged in the early part of the Chinese war of 1841, and received the Com panionship of the Bath for his services on the coast of China. He held the postof Superintendent of the Deptford Dockyard for a short time in 1851-2, andinDecember, 1852, was appointed a Lord of the Admiralty by Lord Aberdeen, a post which he continued to hold under Lord Palmerston until he was appointed to the command of the Baltic fleet in the spring of last year. Sir George Maclean, Commissary-General, is also of Soottish extraction, beingthe son of one of the magistrates of Dysart, North Britain, and captain in the local militia. He entered the Commissariat service in 1812, and served in the Peninsula ind South of France til the close of the campaigns of 1813 and 1814; thence ho proceeded to America, but, returning to France, was present with the army of occupation from 1815 to 1818. He was subsequently employed in the same capacity on the West Coast of Africa, in Canada, and the West Indies, and while stationed at Sierra Leone became a member of the Executive Council there. He afterwards served in Van Diemen's Land (now caUed Tasmania), and was made a Commissary-General for his services there. In the same capacity he afterwards served at the headquarters of the forces in the field during the Caffre war of 1852-3, and accompanied the expedition across the Orange River to Platberg. re received the honour of knighthood early in 1854, for his African services, immediately upon his return to England. Sir John Fox Burgoyne, G.C.B.. whose elevation to a baronetcy for his services in the siege of Sebastopol we briefly mentioned yesterday, entered the Royal Engineers in 1798 and served at the blockade of Malta and solrender of Valetta in 1800, and also in the campaign in Egypt of 1801, under Sir R. Abercromby, including the capture of Alexandria and the attack on Rosetta. He also took part in the Peninsular campaigns, including the retreat to Corunna, the passage of the Douro, and the affair of Salamonde, when he blew up Fort Conception in thepresenc of the enemy. Hewas also present at the battle of Busaco, the retreat to and occupation of the lines of Lisbon, and the siege of Badajoz in 1811, the action of Elbodon, the siege and storm of Ciudad Rodrigo, the second siege and storming of Badajoz, the siege and capture of the forts at Salamanca, the battle of Salamanca, the advance to Madrid and capture of the Retiro. He was also wounded at the siege of Burgos. He was present at the battle of Vittoria and the dege and storming of San Sebastian,wiere he was again wounded. He also took an active part in the siege of the Castle of Sebastian in September, 1813, as well as in the passage of Bidassoa, the battles of Nivele and Nive, the passage of the Adour, the blockade of Bayonne, and repulse of the sortie. He afterwards served in the American war, and was present at the attack on the lines before New Orleans in January, 1815, and at the capture of Fort Bowyer. Sir John has received the gold cross and one clasp forBadajos, Salamanca, and the other Peninsular victories, and the silver vwr medal with three clasps for Busaco, Ciudad Rodrigo, and Nivelle. When the war broke ont in 1854 Sir John Burgoyne accompanied the forces sent out in aid of Turkey; and when tha British army landed in the Crimea ana sat down before Sebastopol, it was to Sir John Burgoyne that Lord Raglan intrusted the conduct of the siege. In April of last year le was superseded by Sir Harry Jones, and soon afterwards returned to EglanLd. ne University of Oxford conferred upon him last year the honorary degree of D.C.L., and at the same time he received from the Sultan the Order of the Medjidic of the first class, and was also appointed to the Colonelcy of the Royal Engineers. Sir JobnBurgoyne's services, however, are not entirely of a mnilitary chwaracter; in 1849 he wras appointed InspectorGeneral to the -Metropolitan Commissioners of Sewers, having for several yeasrA previously held the post of Chairman of the Board of Publc Works in Ireland. Hehles also, since 1845 held the appointment of Ilspector-General of Military Fortifications.
COUBT CIBCULAZA WIDSOR, WED'SMDAY, FEB. 6. The Queen and Prince drove out in aopen carriage yesterday afternoon. The Duchess of Wellington, the Hon. Beatrice Byng, and the Hon. Mary Bulteel followed in a second carriage. The Equerries in Waiting attended on horseback There was no addition to the Royal dinner party. Mr. Stowart, judge of the Admiralty Court in Nova Scotia,hadan interview with Mr. SecretrY Labouchere yesterday at the Colonial-office. R depitation with Tespect to t'heThames mush dr&5ae had an interview yesterday with the Right Ho. 'W. Cowper, at the office of the General Board of Health, Wiutehall. The deputationconsisted of MIr. James Mac. Gregor, ILP., Wr. 'Seorge Bower, Mr. Renshaw, r. South, the Rev. Mr. Acworth, and Wr. Frederick HomiEray. The Judicil Committee of the Privy Council sat yesterday in the Council Chamber. A apneal from lMadras {part heard) was resumed, " Xagalutch inumisal v. lnda?AiaGett. for the Governors of the Australian colonies were sent last evenLing from the Colonial-offlce. Deapatches werer received yesterday from the Governor of Malta
THE CRIMAEAN ARfY COMMISSION. TO TMIE EDITOR OF THE TTES. Srr,-AL an act -of justice, may I ask yOU to pub-. lish, in an early impression of your paper, the whole of the paragraph, at page 169, of my evidence before Sir John ArMeON's Cominission, of which you have - ;, portios only 1' I ni that coimeticiag C" with reference to the voluminous returns," &c., and ending with the words "thereIn paluded to, did not exist." With rogarc to the latter part of the article in tohday's paper, lt = obviously difficult for me to speak out. I can only say, that I "Jsi-- more than that thefewletterswhich py4eiur6e tx bus!uic.s Oinaloed me to write to friends it, England shoiuld be made public. I think it would then be seen that my viev W of matters did not differ materially from those of youW own correspondent, Mlr. Russell. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your most obedient servant ALMX. G6RIDON. London, Feb. 6. * The paragraph is as follows:- " With reference to the voluminous returns prepared by Colonel Tulloch, witness states that it is very easy, six months after an event, to prepare, at perfect leisure, a lot of statistical returns, and to put questions upon tbem wvhich cansuot easily be ansvered, the persons chiefly concerned being either dead or removed from their employment. We were placed in a most painful position dunng the greater part Of the winter-vi., that of having the whole army, With its followers, applyingfor things actually necessaryfor the proper maintenance of life, without being able to satisfy those demands. It would have been far easier, anl mere agreeable, to have given than to have withheld nything which could have benefited the troops, and nothing was so withheld ; on the contrary, our space tor stores was so limited that we were aldays glad of an exceuse to get rid of anything the troops would take, for the sake of the additional store-room it gave uos. We were aware that at this very time a lawsuit, or dispute, involving the payment of a large sum of money, was pending at home between the Government and Sir Harry Smith, rolative to the issue of camp stores during the Caffre war. The commission, therefore, need not be surprised if we were anxious to avoid incurring a similar liabilitf, and to make our issuec conformable to instrwtions fromIEngland. This, however, was quito out of the question; and the signatures of Major WethTsll and myself will be found, authorizing the issue of property to the value of some hundred thousand pounds, concerning the disposal of which no direct orders exist. We were also placed in some embarrassment by the War-office regulations not being adapted to a state of war; for instance, the ofice of Ordnance-Storekeeper, therein alluded to, did not exist."
THE "LILY AND THE BEE' AT MIDHURST. (From Punchz.) Mr. Warren proposes to stand for Mldhurst; but I hitherto the electors coinplain that they are ignorant of the decided principles ho intends to stand upon. Mr. WVarren has, thlerefore, become very categ,orica and distinct. lie has just finished an address (in every way wrorthy of the gifted author of !ZVZC l;itv and the Bcce; it is, by tho w.ay, in the like no measure to that world-wide production) that must satisfy the rnost punctiliou constituent. lIfr. Puench, has been favoured with an early copy:-
EDuCATrIox OF A FPc}£ ST'-OZRc.-To apply the term regiment to the French staff is perhaps not quite appropriate, as the corps consists entirely of officers. nelongingto this body are 30 colonels, 30 lieutenant-colonels, 100chefs d'escadron (who would be termed majors in the English service), 300 captains, and 100 lieutenants. No one can join, the regiment unless he passes through the special school instituted in 1818 for that purpose, and now called L'Ecole Imperiale d'App lcation d'Etat-MaIor. This my friend, Captain Louis de Bonfof course, did. Thereare 60 pupils in tile estabishment, one-half of whom leave it every year; thus creating 30 annual vacancies Of these 30, three are selected from the Ecole Polytechnique* the remainin 27 places in the staff-school are tilled by competition from among 57 candidates, 30 of whom mmst he sub-lieutenants who have bean at least one year in the service, and must be under 25years of age; and 27 from the pupils of the military school of St. Cyr. Captain de Bonils was one of the latter class. He had alreadyspent his reaulated tim of three years at St. Cyr; and, having pasg the required examination for a commission in the heo, might have loined a regiment without delay. Being one of the 27 pupils at the head of the Est among the l00 who had passed in his term, he entered his name as a candidate for admittance into the Ecole d'Eta;-Major, and, as he was successful, joined that institution. Here he remained two ;vears, going through the regularcourse of lustruetionin military science; and, although, like the rest of the pupils, he held the rauk of a commissioned officer, under almost as strict military and collegiate disciplne as any schoolboy. Winter and summer the young men in this college rise at 6 odclock, and, with the exception of an hour for breakfast, balf an hour for recreation in the middle of the day, and the same in the afternoon, vrork at one or other branch of their studies until 1 in the afternoon ; at which hour they dine, and are then at liberty to go where they likee until 10 in the evening. When they want to be ont of colfege later, leave must be asked and obtained from the governor of the establishment. During the two Years they remain at the staff-school their time is divided regularly every day, each hour bringing its allotted taskl The course of studies includes all the higher branches of mathematics, topography geography, and tortification, together vwith statistics, military history, the English, German, and Itslian languages, drawing, and the theory of military manceuvres-artillery, cavalry, and infantry-on a grand scale, and separato as wel as combined. Onehour every day is devoted to lessons in equitation in theriding-school, and every pupil is provided with an excellent charger at the cost of the State. The young men have each their own room, which is large enough to form, with comfort, a sleeping apartment and a study. They breakfast and dine together in the refectory, the former meal being served at 9, and the latter at 5 o'clock. Oat of the year, eightmonthsare passed atParis, andare devoted to hard work at the desk; three are spent in military surveying in various parts of France; and one entire month is required forthe annual examinations. On entering the institution, and for 12 months afterwards, the pupils are attached to the second division or lower schooL After a year has elapsed they pass an ex=mination, and, if found qualified, move into the higher orfirst class. Any young man who cannot pass this examination is forthwith remanded to one of the regiments of the line. Serious sickness for any length of time is considered the only allowable excuse for any want of proficiency in their studies. At the end of the second year another exaination has to be gone thron h, and is considered the final test of qualification. If pas, the pupil leaves the school with the rank of lieutenant in the saff corps. But, although enrolled as one of that distinguished body, he has yet to go through another and a longer ordeal of leaTing in practice that which as yet he has only been taught in theory. For two years he is attched to a regiment of infantry; after that, for a like time, to a cavalrv corps, and then for one year to a battery of artillery. With each of these branches of the service he has to do dutsy as a troop or company officer for half the period; during the other half he is employed as a siunrnumerary-adjutant, under the orders of the colonelDikn' Housdhotlc Word:. LoRD L-surnHuRfs MoTiox omi laiz PszA.aES, -Lord Lyndhurst will this (Thursday) evening move that the copyof-theletters patent purporting to create theRight Hon. Sir J. Parke, Knt., a Baron of the 'United Eingdom for life be referred to the Committee of Privileges, with directions to examine and consider the same, and report thereon to the House of Lords. EAoTs MUnDEB,-last week a lad, namexc Kenneth Macdonald, in the employment of Mr. Cameron Tallisker, Skye, whose exploits among eagle cliffs we have before had occasion to notice, succeeded in shooting two eagles, right and left, What makes tho feat extraordinary is that the birds are of different species, one being awhite-tailed or sea eagle, and the other a golden eagle. Maiedonald discovered them preying upon the carcase of a sheep; at his approach they rose simultaneously and while mountig )m Vdl 3upsihe fire gtaitataiboagtbM i nj W _#tevau&letzrolbrgtb Ut the biuds ovn. The sea eagle is a nia ificent specimen, perfect in every point, and measuring no less than 7 feet 3 inches from tip to tip. The goldeneagle was a younger bird; it measured 6 feet 6 inches fronatip to tip.-Iiamern Cou-ie-. A Thm FOR MR. DnuhmowD.-saa Effendi, jesertotheSultan,isdead. Sealedtenderswithspecimen *3kce, aretobe aet bytho& first of April, by___ns_de- irous of contetig for the place of t'e droi. dooe 1K. B. Bowstrings abolished; and, in proof of the growing intolligence of the Porte, it is not indispensable that candidates should be of the Mosem persion,.-PruncL
NAVYAL AND MILITARBY NTELLIGENCE. HerMaje.sty's stcamcfrig&tO DragOn, G, Cptain Stew`art; C.B., was undocked at Portsmouth, after refit, yesterday. and the tosamond, d, st'6amsloop, Commander Crofton, wasa put out of commission. A heavy sorLth-westerly pgle blew all day yesterday at Portsmouth, and nearly stopped communication -with the Sithead fleet. The sea was very rough, and squalls of rain frequent; an unusually high tide flooded the lower parts of the shore last night. . The steam trnsports Holyrood, No. 77, and Eglintoun, No. 116, arrived at S2ithead yesterday fromthe Crimea The report of t3~,?ss of Her Majesty's sta's- p iwI~t51l ea tea a , i, seOOPPoly; phernfll ~ ~ ... pimrul sensation at Portsmonth (where . - , 'y- She s built at Chatham in 140, was of 800 zou. ud power. Commodore Christopher Wyvill, Superintendent of the. Doclkard, Chathamo, having been promoted to the rank of Rear-Admira', continues to hold his appointment until the reTrn of his successor, Captain George Goldsmith, of Her yajeay"s ship Sidon. There are now fhve mein-of-war on the Irish station, nnder Admiral Sir G. Sartorius, a part of the alrtic fleet sent there to winter, at the requisition of the citizens of Cork. Their n-mes anld stations are as follow :-The Russell and Hastings, 60 gun ships, at Quesastown; Edinburghi, 0i0; at Dublin; Meander, 50, in the Shannon; and Heela frigate, at Waterford. Long-service and good-conduct medals, having heen forwarded to head-quarters of the Poyal Marines at Woolwich, were yesterday presented at parade, in the barrack-square, by the Conmandant, Colonel Brown. The recipients of these mcdals were Quartermaster-Sergeant Daniel John Iyan and Privates James Hobbs and Samuel Jarrard. Quartermaster-Sergeant Ryan vas entertained in the evening by his brother sergeants and Mis comrades in their mess-room. During the last few days a considera.ble increase has been rmade in the number of labourers employed in the various departments of the Arsenal at Woolwich. Some idea of the v-ast amount of labour performed in that establishment,where upuwards of 9,000 hands are constatlyemployed, may be fcrmed by stating that the consumption of powder yesterday in preparing ammunition for cinon, independent of small-arms cartridges, exceeded 46,000 pounds. Besides the large number of shells cast in this establishment, contracts with the Scotch, Yorkshire, liverpool, and other foundries are on a very extensive scale. 2,00 of these shells are loaded and prepared daily, and 200,00 musket cartridges. The buildings for the .sandard foundry and the shell factory are nroyressuni ranidly: the suacious areas in front of the carriage department having been cleared, the founidation vialls were commenced yesterday. Twentymoreguns and mortars have been added to the trophies at the entrance of the arsenal gromunds; some of them are heavy iron guns of large calibhe, and of a most sngular appearance. The Dial-square now presents a novel spectacle, having twvo spaces enclosed, vwich contain large numbers of Russian implements of war. The following notice has been issued:-" The new scale of half-pay for Naval Instractors-First entry. 30W. lOs. per annum, or 2s. per day; after three years' service on full pay, 54!. 15s., or 3s. per day; after 10 years' service on full pay, 82L 2s. 6d., or 64sd. per day; after 15 years' service on full pay, 91. 5s., or Bs. per day; after 20 years' service on ful pay, 1271. 15s., or 7s. per day, with leave to retire." Orders have been issued from the Horse Guards for 260 of the Coldstream Guards and 224 of the Scots Fusileer Guards, with the customary complement of officers, to hold themselves in readiness to embark early in the ensuing week on board the Indus, at Portsmouth, for active service in the Crimea. Assistant-Surgeon Grant, 70th Regiment, is under orders to leave the garrison at Chatham, and embarlc for India, to join the head-quarters of his regiment. The following promotions and appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:-Second -Masters to be Masters:-George Turpin, Wiliam J. Riddell, William Laurie, F. W. lRea, Alfred J. Veitch, Samuel D. Wayth, D. H. Speer, Charles F. Cooper, and Gilbert E. Green. Gilbert E. Green, Master to tho Coquette; W. H. Fawclmer, Second-Master to the Porcupine; James Warsley, Second-Master to the Otter; John Palmer, Second-Master to the Arrow; WilDiam Smith Acting-Master to the Vulcan; N. B. Denneys, AssistantClerk to the Trasty; E. Rees, Assistant-Clerk to the Lightning. 'MT7IA. The Royal North Glocestershire Regiment last week gave 96 volunteers. The 54th, 21st Foot, the Marines, and Artillery seemed on this, occasion to be the favourite corps. The regiment is under orders to proceed to-morrow to Pem. broke. Notwithstanding a large number of men have volunteered during the last few months, the regiment is still about 500 strong. The following additional particulars have been published in connesion with the recraiting in the West York Rifles, now doing duty on the Irish esablishment :-" Major Fitzgerald, commanding the West Yorkl Riles, having intimated to the major-general commanding the Limerick district that he was prepared to allow any men of that portion of the regiment at Carlow to volunteer into the line, Captain Scott, of the 9th Regiment; Mr. Wilson, Royal Artillery; and Staff-Surgeon Gore, attended at Carlow on the 28th mlt. to receive any, men who wished to volunteer. The men having been addressed by 3iajor Fitzgerald, 95 at once stepped out of the ranks, of whom 52 were fmussly passed by the medical officer, the remainder were rejected for very trivial defects. Captain Scott then informed Major Fitzgerald that his orders were to keep -the volunteering open for a woeel Major Fitzgerald informed Caotain Scott that be denied the power of the Government to issue such an order, and declined having the volunteering kept open beyond the evening of the 28th, on the ground that a weeek's volunteering was, in fact, turning the regiment under his command into a drunken rabble for that period, and that his desire to preserve the discipline of the regiment and the peace of the town in which he was quartered alike forbade his giving his sanction to such proceedings. Major Fitzgerald further informed Captain Scott that in the event of his persisting in trying to keep the volunteering open for a week he would refuse to sagm the discharge of any men who volunteered, and woudi confine his men to barracks until after Captain Scott's departure. Captain Scott then wrote to Limerick for fresh instructions, and received orders to complete the attesting of the men who had already volunteered and return to Limerick."
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In a recent article fromIreland you have givensome extracts from Dr. Cullen's Lenten Pastoral, in which he draws a comparison between the moral condition of Enln d and that of Ireland. The state of the English people be pictures from the descriptions given by the clerical corre. spondents of the Church Pastoral Aid Society, and the state of the Itish people he describcs by saying, "the 3udgeS express their delight at the lightness of the calendar and the absence of crime in the largest and most Catholic counties of Ireland." It has occurred to me to test this comparisonl by a reference to some more precise documents t,han those brought forw>rd by Dr. Cullen, and the following are the results of the test according to the Parlia. mentay returns relating to crime in both countries:- The population of Great Britain, according to the census of 1S51,wns, in England, 16,921,888, and inWalesI,005,721, making 17,927,609. The popultion of Scotland was 2,888,742, so that the whole poDulation of GreatBritainwas 20,816,35L The population of Ireland by the same census was 6,551,970. By this it appears that, wherethere are 16 peoplein Great Britain, thsere are five in Ireland. This being the proportion of the popution, if the moral condition of the two countries were precisely the same, the Prliamentary retun s of crime would show that, for every 16 offenders in Great Britain, there are five offenders in IIeLand. What do these returns actullyshowl This question may be easily answered by any- person -who refers to an importent document in 17=Vt's Diredos for 1856, e 13S. It gives the facts relating to crime for the year 185, and they present the folowiung results:- The number of persons committed for all offenoes in Great Britain was 30,813, The proper proportion for Ireland at the rate of the populatior, thatois for 16, would be 9,629 ; but the actualnumber was 15,144. When we look a little closer in order to ascertain the degree of evil, as well as the number of evildoers, we find that the number of the jrmver offencec aainst the person or5a2inst proerty,wi vtiolence, in Great Britain was 5,29i, being 3,796in Bngland andWaes, and 1,5W0 in Scot. land. The proper proportion for Ireland, aocording to the popultion, would be 1,655; but the actual number was S,82fi, which ismorethan the whole number of such crimins3s in Eland and Wales. Yet one step further in this inqwury wll maike the mat. ter still clearer. Thelaw is rarely allowed to proceed to the eriremity OrcAtCaI epunilunt. Thene w eight exeetions inEngland andonein Scotland in the year referrae to, making a total ot nine. The proportion for Ireland would be three~ to maintain a equaty in moral condition. Butthe number of eections that actually took lace in Ireland in'the sme year was nine, the snme mznEer that btd taken place in the whole of Great Britain. These facts speak for themseve, and show what reliance can be placed on Dr. C'ulles argument. Your obedient srmmt,: ALEXANDER IL C. DALLAS. W OMMOn .tMcoY, AnnoYe-roan, JX-eD. D.
THE BRITISIE AJhY IN THE RIMEA. We continue tod.day the publication of the second report fromn Sir JTohn BrNeill and Colonel Tulloch upon the state of the amy last year in the Crimea:.- CS rz*M "Numerous'corplaints were mxde regrdiog the tents, principally that many of thet were old, thin, and lwor out, and that a sufficient number of marquees had not been Available for i'he hospitals. It y, therefore, be necessary briefir to advert to this supply, although oUr information in regard to it is very iLiperfect, owing to the interruption of our inairies in the Quartermaster-Generalls department, from tlhe causes previously referred to. " It appears frurn X retur, printed in the Appendix to the third report of the 'Committee on the Army before Sebastopol,' that the total number of tents isued to that &rmy, up to the 31st March, 1855, was-hospital Zrrquees, 194; offlicers! marquees, 223: and Circular Tents, 10,736. Of these, it is there eated that none had previously been issued, except 6S Hospital Marquees, 101 Offliceras 1arquees, sad 1,23$ Circular Tents, thick hed been employed only doring the teraporary encampment at Chobsam; 122 of the Circular Tents had also been used ele*where. Considering that the ordinary duration of & tent is generaUy from two to three campaigns, and that those in anestion were examined, and all requisite Tepairs effected, before they were again issued, it is itm probable that they could have been in an insufficient state. It is mora likely that complaints on this head have arisen from the insufficiency of any tents, of the ordinary structure, to afford shelter against the inclemency of the winter in tlhe Crimea. "T"e scle on which the circular tents were issued 2c irtentatoeachfe!ldofflcer ~~O 0~CQIa OtIofanr do. oewchotherotficer. ToInfant! Regiment; *- I do. to eery Smen 14 Rcf«ns , - do. extra for guards ~o Cavay Regirenta {I do. toe,eryL2men To Csvacy Reaneuts 4 do. extafor guards. " Each regiment took out a sufficient number of tents on this scaIe for the full establishment, though many were considerably below it, and the draughts subsequently forwarded to the Crimea aLso took out tents proportioned to their strength. Tnere must, therefore, have been enough, beyond what was really necessary for the accommodation of the troops, to replace any that might have beormo unserviceable, either from wear a;d tear or from accident; but a reserve ec above 500 tents vas also sent out in the course of the summer, expressly to provide for any such twants. It would be superfluous to go further into the particulars of this supply. That the number of tents furnished to tho army much exceeded what they were ever lilely to require, is sufficiently es'ablishedbythe fact of its having, at the beginning of December, been more than equal to one-fourth of the numerical force then present. "In order to provide against any want of hospital marquees6, each regiment, whether of e-aalry or infantry, took out at least one with it; a few went out in the waggons of the Ambulance Corps, and a reserve of 70 were sent out at the request of Dr. Smith, on the 29th of April, 1854, and reached Varna in Angust; where they were distributed a& stated in page 115 of Appendix. " Altogether there coud not have been fewer thar 20 hospitat rlnrquees in possession when the force left for the 'Criuea, pet, in the end of that year, it appears fromn the Meport it the Medical Commissioners (page 9), that there were only 37 marquees with the whole force. The regi. nents, it is understood, left their marquees with their leaev' baggae at Varna, beyond which we have been unable totrace them. It is said that a large quantity of stores wnas lost or abandoned there after the remnoval of the troops, of vhich these may have formed a part ; but we are without -ny decided evidence to that effect. "When it became necessary, in consequence of the adVanced state of the season, to provide some better shelter than tents for the troops, great difficulties presented them| selves. The vwhole of the country, within the narrow limits occupied by the army, had already been denuded of ,wood for the sake of fuel; most of the houses of the former inhabitants had been destroyed for the same object; and ,even the loose surface stones bad, in most places, been used p irn building low vwalls to afford a slight shelter for the regimental horses, or for coo'king places; consequently, few materials of any lind were available, except what could be imported. '"Noscarcityof wood existed along the shores of the Black Sea, but the difficulty was to provide itat the camp in sf'icient quantities for building purposes. Hired labour could mot be obtained, and the demands for the services of the troops in the trenches. and for other miIitary duties, were auch that they could not be spared to prepare it, even had they been capable of doing so. "As soor.n as it was decided, therefore, that the army was to winter in the Crimea, vessets were despatched by Ionlr Raglan to several of the portsin the Black -Sea, in the hope of obtaining boarding and scantling of such dimenxions as to admit of being cut into the required lengths, to afford shelter. Contractswere also entered into in England, about tle middle of November, for wooden huts, of which the parts were so fitted that, with the aid of the printed directions and lithographed plans,which accompanied them, the whole might be put together, even by unskillted vorkX1nen. "These huts were framed of the lightest material that coulh with safety be used, the boards being only about threequarters of an inch in thickness; they were 2Sft. long. Oft. wide, and fron 11 to l2ft. in height to the dge pole, with a gradual slope to about 6ft. at the side, d calcuahted to contain from 20 to 25 peru thoughi, under ordinary circumstances, they uld scarcely have been considered suflicient for tha. number. The men were raised from the ground sloping floors, on each side, of inch-plank, leavinOg an ored space of about 3ft. wide down the centre, in i there was a stove for the purpose of cooldng and rmth. TLe total weight of each hut, including the ironork, was abort 4i tons. Of these nearly 1,400 were sent t. Another description of wooden hut, but less complete, formed of heavier timber, was obtained from Trieste, the rumber, it is understood, of nearly 100; consequently ere can be no doubt that a sufficiency of hut accommoda- or building materials, wa provided for al, had it only n practicable to make it available. 'Thae difficulties which subsequently arose in regard to transport do not appear to have been contemplated e these huts were ordered; otherwise it must have oc- ed to the authorities, that wheL the whole land transof the army was insufficient to carryto the front the lies necessary forthesubsistence of the men, the arrival 503 tons of building material was more likely to add e confusion of a c.-owded harbour and crowded wharfs to diminislh the sufferings of the troops. Even now dotubtful whether the labour tudergone by the men in ng those huts to the heights, during the months of ary and February, was compensated by the advanderived from them, though these were admitted to be t. Some of the commanding officers declined to y their maen on that duty, believing that the evils greater than the advantages. he first arrival of the loose boarding and scantling ports in the Black Sea tool plee on the 25th Novemnd t-e distribution commenced onthe 2d December, Ma;or all was appointedto superintend it, whose oce, in regard to the mode of distribntion and the exto which it was carried, will be found elsewhere e quantities received, and the vessels by which they brnght,as well as the dates of their arlival, re as gh this supply was estimated to provide shelter for en and 3,5O0 horses, it could be of little use during r, evee if there had been opportunities of conveythe front; for, owing to a want of proportion in tities which- arrived of scantlir.g for rafters and 1s compared with planks and boarding, most of the eived by the Sea Nymph, on the 5th January, little or no use till the arrival of the Blundell, ge quatity of santling, on the 12tb of February; rupwards of sir weeks, the supply. available for urpose3 Was limited to the cargoes of the first It is probable that thi_ circumatance given sise to the complaints of rood n refusE during this period, though there was instore. There was plenty, cetainly, bit not e description for buildixig purposes, as. hoards ci to anizceland-&-bhaf thickcould not be made purpose of uprights, particularly where tematherws to be expected. were made byscarpie the sidee of hills to obtin coveir with a very liidte4 quxaitiy of srailing, putVicrly - forhoses and baggiqe-animals, but this expedient only s.forded a cery Dprt*ai remedy. "The sapply otained by the ,essels before referre4 to Wm chiefly used by the Royal Arti-lery, the Cavalry, the 71st and 93d lngiments at BalkIlmva, &U1 tw;o os taree of the corps ia front; but itmust be borne in mnind that, for the easons before spec;iied, comparatively few of the bufldings for those regiments could be erected ti}l the severest part of the winter was over. "A datailed statement of the quiAntty disstriatea to eaeh regiment up to the 30Uhof April, handed in by 3jor Hall, Mlbelomd Uipage`21E APPenDix, of wMch tbefofowing ijq summarv:- E "It is stated by 3Major Hall, that great difficulty was experienced during the winter in the custody of the timber, in consequence of the -wan of apace ner the 'wharfs to. stack it properly, and that a considerable loss was also sustaied in cotnveying it to its destination by fatigue parties; both of which circumstances may no doubt have contributed. to so large:a proportion being unaccounted for as appears in the above summary. 'f inao3r TnrmSiTE. "The Trieste hus w-ereno'. receivea by the engineer's de. partmnent, and, therefore,we are unableto furnish any particu. lars in regard to the distribution of them; it is understood they were principally used for stores, civiletabm euts, and the accommodation of some of the labourers and fol. lowers attached to tho army, as tho boaring and scantling was of too heavy a description to admit of being readily moved to the localities occupied by the troops. "HUTs FR.Ot EXGL.AD. "Tne huts constructed in England were ready within S veTy short period, but corsiderable difficulty"arose in obtaining transport, so that the first cargo did not arrive at Balaklava till the 25th of December. Three nmore arrived in the course of that =nouth, fSve in the first reek of January, thmi3 at the end of that month, as'd the remainder in Fe rnary. Before the first vessel arrived, however, the troops had to be employed in carrying provisions to the front, and so much had their strength been reduced by their sufferings, and such w the stato of the roads, that a weight of from 201b. to 251b. was as inuch'as a mn could bring up from Balaidava. Indeed, it is stated in evidence, that men could not have carried their arms, accoutrements, and ammunition from the heights to BE1akiava and back in a day through such mud. as it was necessary to traverse. It consequently required from 250 to 3 imen to arry up a single hut sufflcient to accommodate, at the utmost, 25 men; and as, at this rate, it was impossible to spare a sufficient number from their other duties, the attempt had to be abandoned, although that accommnodation, if there had been transport, would have been of the utmost advantage during the rest of the winter. "It appears from the evidence of the Commisry-Nne. ral that 270 Spanish mules were appropriated, by Lord Raglan to the conveyance of these huts; but when we rrived, early in March, although they had been erected for a considerable portion of the corps in the immediate vicinity of Balaldava, only two or three of those in front were hutted; by great exertion a few huts had also been got up there for hospitals. "A summary of the information receivea from officers commanding corps, in reply to No. 20 of the printed queries, shows, that by the end of April or begirning of May, the Guards, Cavalry, Royal Horse Artillery, and nine lnfantry Corps, with the Artillery of two Divisions, had-been com. pletely hutted; that eight Infantry Corps were stil without any huts; that twelve Infantry Corps, the Artillery of thre Divisions, Naval Brigade, and Siege Trlin, had huts for their hospitals only; and that! eleven Infantry Cops, with the Royal Marines, were partially hutted, to the extent of from one-fourth to one-half of the men. " A letter from Captain. eane, of the Royal Engineers, the officer in charge of the wooden huts sent from England, shows generally the state of the supply, and the reason why it was not sooner made applicable to the accommodation of the men. " SHEXLI FOr HO BsEs. "The date atwhichthe hutting of the cavalry commenced wasin no caseearlierthan the end of 'aumary tr beginning of Febrnary, and it was not complcted before the mniddle of March, by whizh time the severity of the season had so far abated that this shelter was of comparatively little imn portance. Considering that these men were within about a mile of the store where the wood miaght be obtained, that they had no work in the trenches, and that the only duties likely to inte3ferewith the application both of horses and men to this important object was the carrying up of their own forage from Balaldava, and furnishing parties occasionally to bring down sick, and carry up provisions to the front, (which seems never to have occupied more than about a fifth part of the whole,) it appears strange that more rapid progress was not made in obtaining the advantage of hut accommodation, particularly when they are described as having saffered so much in their tents. "Considering, also, the suffering and severe loss of horses from exposure to the weather in the comnmencement of the winter, there appears to have been a want of promptitude or ingenuity in devising for them some means of temporary shelter, such as saved the baggage-horses of the Sappers ana Miners at Belalslava. Experience has now proved that even a very moderate degree of shelter woula have been sufficient to save the lives of many of the horses, if not to maintain them in serviceable condition; and it must be presumed that euch measures were considered practicable, for aproposal to erect, with the assistance of his, men, some sort of cover for the horses of the corps, appears to have been made by the officer commanding the Scots Greys, but the uanner in which it is stated to have been received by the Lieutenant-General commanding the cavalry was calculated to deter other officers fromn making any similar proposaL 'tCAS)ES OF WIORTAIITY. "The returns of sickness and mortality furnishedby the medical officers relate to matters which are beyond the liuits assigned to this inquiry, and, therefore, have not been submitted on this occasion; but the mortality in the Crimea has been too remarkable not to excite a strong desire to ascertain, if possible, its causes. The medical evidence appears to be conclusive agAinst attributing it to any, thing peculiarly uNfavourable in the eliin%te, an all the officers, of wvhatever rank or profession, whom we examined, refelrred to overwork, imprOper diet, exposure to cold and moisture, with deficient shelter, inadequate clothing, and. defective boots, as the causes of disease. Some of the witnesses appeared to attribute greater inlence to one of these causes, some to another, but there can be no doubt that the mortality wns realy the effect, not of any one cause apart from the others, but of a combination of the whole. Itwasthegreatest amongthe infantrY corpsemployed in front, upon whom the duty fell most severey, but those cOrps were also moreexposedto theother causes of disease. The harbow of Belakiava -was the source of all supplies, and these corps necessarily suffered more than the rest of the army from the deficiency of transport. When the men were Compelled, in consequence, to carry up their own stores of every sort, they suffered in proportion to the distance to be traversed. in the mud, and the length of time they were exposed to the weather. "The corps stationed in front also suffered more from the deficiency of everything that was necessary to the pro. per treatment of the sick; they could not even get their share of such supplies as couid. be procurei at Balaldava. Men who were struck down by disease in the camp in front had thus Iess chance of recovering than those of other corps, and the proportion of deaths to admissious into hospital is accordingly much greater than in. the rest of the anny. Buit that is not all; when patients were to be sent to Scutari the difficulty of removing themi from the front to the harbour was sometimees found to be insuperable, in ConseqUeAce of the wans of transport, while the corps stationed near Balaklavaremoved them with comparative facility. Even when the means of colvey-ance were provided, it was a formidable demaad upon a sick man's remaining strength to require him to sit, exposed to the weather, upon a cavalry horse or : pack mulle, foundering through deep mud, for the two or three hours whieh the journey from the front 'to Balaklava occupied duringa great part of the whiter. is chance of recovery was thns further diminished by the delay, the expOSure, and the fatigue attending his removaL " The mortality in the whole army was further increased by the diseases which broke out at Sctar, and carried off zany men who had entered the hospital with a prospect of speedy recovery5 or who bad actually recovered from the diseases for which they were admitted. Had the sauita condition of those establishments been from the frst what it afterwards became, there caw be. little doubt that the mortality wouldcLa-e been perceptibly reduced. - "~ 3EDICGAL surLmm "The supplies and arrangements -omnectedwith tbe mcdical de$rtriaent of the'army in the Crimea have been in. vestigaWed by a medical commission,whose report supersedes the necessity for any detailed consideration by us of those subjects; but as much of the evidence we have received re- latesto a periodsnhaequent to thedateof that repot, wa think it right to state shoitly the results of the information we have obtained. " The army haded in the Crimea without hospital mar- quees, conveyance for the gick, or any other supplies for the hospitals than were contained in the pair of pannierS belonging to each corps, and the supplies of almost every deseripts:4n requited for the proper accommsodation and treatment of the sick in camp seem to have been very deficient till the middle ofKFebruary. There was also a scarcity of cots, or of any substitute, such as boards and trestles; but this was not much complained of, because they could not have beenusedinthe tents in which mnost of thoesickkwere placed. There was a great deficiency of mattresses; and straw, or other mnaterials to fill paillasses, could not be supplied; and even as late as the month of April many of the sick in front had no other bedding than blankets or buffalo robes, the latterof 'wichwere not issued till the enid of January. They suffered still more; perhaps, from tho want of adequate slhelter and sufaicient space to admit of their being properly attended to; as, owing to the want of hospital marquees in the camp, the greater part of the sick lay in circunlr tents*, whichare altogether unfitted-for the purposes of an hospital, and it was not until tho huts sent out from England were erected in February and M,arch that the accommodation was such as to admit of proper medical troatment. "Nearly all the medical officers of the infantry corp3 iii frout comnplained of the wanst of transport to bring up from Balaiclava even the most ixdispensable supplies to the hospital. Major-General Codrington, commancding the first brigade of the light Division, says :-' The hospitals suffered terribly from this want of trmnsport. Their state VwS frightful, from the increasing number of sick, the diminishing means of transport, and the consequent impossibility of doing anything for the Sick.' During the month of February the supplies of medicines and rmedical comforts began to improve, and by the middle of March they seem to have been generaly ample. The issues ofblankets and the supply of buffalo robes in the end of January had previously provided a tolerable substitute for bedding, and, when the hospital huts were erected, these, together with such marquees as the corps had previously possessed, afforded sufficient and comforhbleaccommnodation. In the month of April, when fresh bread was issued, the medical officers generally declared that they were perfectly satisfied with the supplies and the accommodetion prorided for their patients. "Even after the supplies of medicines had become gene. raly abundant, it occasionally happened that some of thoso which were most employed by the medical ofiicers could not be supplied from the general store. Thus there had been a deficiency of opium and of some other medicines much employed during the prevalence of diseases of the bowels, and after the store had been amply replenished vith those remedies the decrease of that class of ailments and the increase of fevers caused a demand for quinine which the stores were not ala ys able to satisfy. " Theproportion of deaths to admissions irt some of the diseases bears painful evidence, particularly in the month of December, to the absence of tlose remedies on which rei liance could best be placed for relief. In cholera, for in- stance, the usual loss has, in our army, been about one in three at home, or on foreign stations where this epidemic has prevailed ; but in the Crimea, during the period under observation, it was two in every three attacked. ".As instances of the difficulty of procuring medicines, ve hase given the requisitions made by several of the me. dical officers, with the quantities received; but it must not be supposed, because no such deficiency appears in the requi. sitions of others, that they received all they wanted. Most of the officers, finding it useless to send for medicines and medical comforts not in store, limited their requisitions to such as they knew could be given, and did the best they could with them. "Thecircumstancesinwhich the medical officers were placed, owing to the vrant of those supplies, as well as of every description of diet, accommodation, or comfort essential to the recovery of the sick, were the most painful that can be conceived. We prefer leaving it to be described in their own words, and shall confine ourselves to the expresSion of our conviction that if they were unsuccessful in their treatment to an estent which has seldom occurred in the annals of medical practice, it has not been for wrant of constant attention and unceasing and energetie efforts on behalf of their patients. The appeals of some of them to those authorities whom they, perhaps erroneously, conceived had the power of assisting them were most forcible and pathetic; and if all did not make such appeals, it was because they found that when made by others they produced no result. " The lispector-General states that the deficiencies in the general store at Balakiava arose partly from a failure in the dep3t at Scutari to comply with his requisitions. and tho i tardiness with which the supplies thence were sometimes forwarded, as well as from the omission, on some occasions, of any notice of their shipment, in consequence of which they were not landed. Difficulty and delay were also some. times caused by their being stowed under a great part of the I cargo which it was necessary to discharge before they could be got at. " Though the correspondence at pages 164 to 172 of Appendix no doubt shows that repeated applications were made by the Inspector-General to the reserve deput at Scu. tari for medicines and medical comforts to meet the wants of the hospitals in the Crimea, we feel bound to express our opinion that, at a time vwhen tho existence of a great portion of the sick was imperilled by the absence of these supplies, something more than the mere transmission of the usual official demand on the purveyor or the apothecary at Scutari was necessary to relieve the Inspector-General of his responsibility; and when he found the inattention to these applications causing a delay of nearly two months in the arrival of supplies for which the dermand was uent, it appears to us that he ought to have taken some more decided steps to insure attention to his requisitions. A proper officer might have been sent to Scutari, with instructions to bring back whatever was most urgently required for the hospitals. " In some cases, however, the deficiency appears to have arisen from imperfect arrangements in the Crimea. The storekeeper in charge of the medical stores at Balaldava had instrumtions to intimate when any drugs were running short, and the sufficiency of the supply seems to have de. pcned chiefly upon his vigilance and foresight; but as he was not informed of changes in the prevailing diseases, he could not anticipate the demand to which that change would give rise, and it was only from the extent of the requisitions for particular remedies, which, perhaps, exhausted the supply in store, that he became aware of the necessity of replenishing his stock. "It therefore happened that, from the 30th of March to the 20th of April, when fever most prevailed, and quinine was extensively used as a remedy, and, in some corps, still inore extensively as a prophylactic, there was none of that medicine in the general store at Balaldava, though a Large supply was lying at Scutari. There was, indeed, A certain quantity inTaost of the divisional stores, hut in one there was none, and several corps which had been using it extensively. were thus suddenly deprived of the remedy on whichtheirmedical officers had chiefly relied. This deficiency was partial and temporary, but its occurrence after so much of public attention had been directed to the subject indicated a defect in the system, which was pointed et toLord.iaglazn inaletter of the 27th of ApriL" "s0.5rrAL ORDERILIES MAD LAT5TbDATS. "Numerous complaints were made by the medical officers of the difficulty of obtaining suitable persons to perform ths duties of hospital sergeants, hospital orderlies. and personal attendants. Where the pressure of military duty was so great, it was perhaps, natural that there should be some reluctance to partwith efficient non-eommissioned officers or men from the iauks; buat lt may be doubted whether persons werl qualified for situations in the hospital would aot contribute more to the relief of their effective comrades by promoting the recovery of the sick than by taklig their tour of duty under arms, and leavingthe sick withless efficient attendance; whateverview3naybetakenofthatqnestion, there seems to be no doubt that the arrangements have proved. iufficient, and that adequate hospital attendance in eamp hasyet tobe provided. It is understood that this defect is in coe oE being remedied; but, as it was much animadverted upon ^the commencement of the campaign we may briefylotic&the previouis practice in the army, and the course adopted to meet the diffiulties asthoy arose. - "1The British army has hitherto, during peace, been 1cept on so limited an establisment that it was necessay to resort to every expedient in order to economize its numbers. This, no doubt, originated the longestablished practice of having the hospital duties performed by men fromnthe tanks, instead of by persons specially enlisted for that duty. The forraer, jwvhen . no great .preire of siclkness requires their presenos ini hospital, can be mnade vailable for military duty, whlile the latter are a permanent source of envensewvithuut'fauy such dontiingent advanitage. -That system. iad worked smsoderately wvell for a<losgseries of ears, bat "* The circilar tent used mn the British army, which ii tacuiat to contain- 15 men, is altogetflier nsumted for an hospital iiany climate. It affords very insuficient protec.tiounagainst cold or rain; or'heat. : Whon there is rmuch wind an wet w4ather, the rain bakits tlfough the canvas, and 'when it blows utpon the door, which is continually opened for ingress and egress, the rain is.driien to all parts- ox the teat. The polk, being in two pieces for the convenience of carriage, iiweak at tbejoint, and in atormy weather is apt togyvawny. -The sice wl is too low.to admit of the use of any kind of cotN if there be mnore than two or three men in the tent; the space is. too -confined to admit of proper attendance on the jpatients, even by the modical officer; and it is innpossle,snth safety, to usea stove or other mseans of warming it. LIn short, whatovor may be the supposed advanta..es tha>,h:ave led to its adoption as a barrack tent, I it would oe diSlfcnlt to contrive anything much more unfit for the accommodation of the sick." when the arny was required for servieo in Turkey its oumibers mWre so limited that it becarme necessary to add I to the effective strength y every poesibe expedient, .ndone of the readiest which presented itself was to restore to the ranks the men usally witldrawn for hospital service, and to replace them. from. some other source. "' ations whose armies are raised by conscription are never likely to encounter any diffieulty in providing attendants on the sick. Out of the large num.ber of conscripts anniually placed at the disposal of the Government there will always be many who, from their particular aptitude for that service, or on accotut of their being less fitted for moreative military duty, can ba selected with advantage; but an army which has to depend entirely uponvoluntary enlistment possesses no such facilities; tho strietness with which all military obligations are interpreted in this country reuders it necessarY, if he is to be employed exclusively as a hospital attendant, that the recruit should be enlisted specially for that particular duty; and, among meen in the vigour of youth, who are inclined to enter the army, few are disposed to plao themselves in the position of nurses at a time when the operations of active warfare are going on. Although recruiting for this particular service has now been carried on for nearly a year, with pay, pension, and other advatages much exceeding what is granted to tho privato soldier, the nunberrequired is understood stiUl to be incomplete, notwithstanding that recruits have been taken at a much more advanced age than they would be received into -any other branch of the service. ' Dut when the war broke but there was not time to ob. .tam the necessary attendants for the hospital by the slow process of recruiting; the demand for their services was immediate, and it was desirabl% especially at the commencement of a campaign, that they should have some military experience, lest they might prove an encumbrance; recourse was, therefore, had to a selection from the military pensioners, till some more suitable body of men could be obtained. "The employment of this class, even for the mote onerous occupation of garison duty at home andabroad, was not an innovation; it has always been the practice, on the com mencement of a war, to call back into the service the pensioners whho may have recovered from their disabiliftEs, or are stil of an age to perform garrison duty, and they hold their pensions expressly on condition of attending to such calls. During the Peninsular war -upadE s of 10,000 pensioners were employed in veteran and grron battalionsat homne and abroad, and immediately on the breaking out of thepresent war all those belonging to the navyindmlarnesnwere re-examined, and about 2,000 sent on shipboard, or into the coastguard, where they have since been constantly employed. No such call was made for the services of the military pensioners, because it was conceived that they would be equally useful as an enrolled force in their respective districts; but, as they are a younger body than the Greenwich pensioners, their average age being only between forty and fifty, it was not an unreasonI able supposition, considering their previous military experience and habits, that they might be usefully emnloyed7in the hospital and ambulance duties, for wrhich soldters from the ranks could no longer be spared. "The me.sures taken to obtain these men, the conditions of their en,aement, and the precautions adopted in regard to their qualifications are detailed by Colonel Tulloch in a memorandum which is sanexed; and as the various objections which have I beentaken to their employment are there inquiredinto, it appears unnecessary to enter upoII them here, beyon stating that, if old and inefficient, as is understood to have been aleged of them, they appear by the statement noted below* to have been smgularlyfortunate as compared with the youngest and most effective part of the force; the deaths betvween October and April having been only 53 out of a strength which averaged 270, or under 20 per cent, while the mortality in the infantry during the same perioi was nearly double that proportion. It is true that these men escaped much of the hard work; in the trenches, but tbey musthave sustained a 'heavy loss by their attendance on the sick, particularly during the prevalence of fever, which in so many instances proved fatal to the orderlies.
TO THE BDITOR OF THEE MI3I,S. Sir,-I anm instructed by the Committee of the Congrega. tional Union to send you the accompanying copy of a letter sent by them to the Christian churches of America. Should you deeni the whole, or any portion of it, suitable for insertion in 1h Times, its publication through your inlluential journal 3ight promote the interests of peace and humanity. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. GEORGE SMTH, Secretary. Congregational Union of England and Wales, -4, Blomlield-street, Finsbury, Feb. 6. "To TrB Coo;arPGATzoNAL AzD OTHER CHunCILES Op THE UNrrED Szkws O0 ABERICA. "Congregational Library, Blomfield-street, London. Jan. 1. "Dear and honoured Brethren,-We are encouraged to address you in our corporate capacity, as the Conuniee of the Congreg,ational Union of Ergland and Wales, on a subject of great interest and importance to tlo churches we represent, by a remembranee of the fact that one of the objects contemplated in the formation of onr union ras 'to establish fraternal correspondence with Congregrational churches and other bodies of Christians throughout the world and that,inpursuance of thisdesign,theAssembl of the Union and its E;ecutive have on sereral occasions addressed letters to the Congregational and other churches of the United States of America; and on one occasion sent two of-their brethren as delegates to visit you, while they have in return cheerfully received representatives from your various ecclesiastical bodies, and have been favoured with frauternal epistles of great value from many of your annual gatherings. Wfe believe that, in various ways, thle inter change of sentiment and Christian feeling: thus effected has been of mutual valne; and we shall be happy, as occasion arises, from time to time to aid in the maintenoe of such correspondence. " It has been with great concern that we, in common with an overwhelniing majority of our fellow-countrymen, have witnessed the springing- up of anything approaching to a misunderstanding between the Government of Great Britain and that of the United States of America, and that we have been compeUed to listen to rumours of possible contentions betweehi the tno natiOns, We are devoutly thankfl to the Godof peace that there is now reason tohbelieve that the apprebensions, nhether well or ill founded, which were thus entertained will not be realised and that, on the contrary, there is ample encouraging ground of hope for concluding that the amicable relations which have been so long maintaied between the twro ountries will Continue undisturbed.. Still e think the present occasion, while calling us to congratulation and praise, is one which should urge us to do alU that we ean to promote and perpetuate the counord now appilyexistinO-. exerWithout pipaounding any theory, or the unlawfulness of war an the absthaet, we hold that its inevitable disadvantages to nations are so great, and its calamities to individuals so awful, that Chrstian men and Christiancehurches are most legitimately employing their inhluence when they exert it in favour of peace. liecognising the unity of the human race, and the consequent brotherhood of mankind, deseended from the one great parent, and redeemed by the one only Saviour, we would earnestldeprecate an appeal to arms in every case in which it can be avoided, and vwould seek by all honourable and Christian means to maintain the peace of the whole worid. But we feel that, in addition to these general considerations, there a?e special motives which trge us to cultivate strong and peculiar affection to the people of your land. For the most part they speak our language, and retain a love to many of our social habits. You, beloved brethren, have sprun with us from a common ancestry. Yonr fathers let our shores, from necessity,;n search of liberty,toworshi p the God andtather of our Lord Jesus Christ, and, having happily secured that boon for-themselves, bequeathed the legacy of religions freedom to you and your chldren. You have many of our best civil institutions incorporated. with yours; you possess a literature ofvaried and growing worth, which we appreciate and enjoy; yott hold with us the great principles of Protestant evangelical truth; and you are strenuously labouring, as we are, to spread the gospel in heathen and other lands. The alienation of two such countries, even for a short time, would. be an incalculable calanmit7. Their hostility wouldble a spectacleover.which angels nmght weep and demons triunph. The memory of the lilgrim Fathers, the bonds of a no very remote common origin, the ties of a common Christianity; and thelove of an adorablle Saviour, all give weight: to the apostolic injunction to endeavour to keep the unity'of the spirit in the boends of peace. I'Without unsuitably interfering in political affairs, we believe that Christian churches, in their separate and associatecapacity,-can most effectually influence and mould public opinion on moral -and social questionsa such as the one we now venture to present to your attention. Cheerfully undertaking for ourselves to exert our utmost ability to perpetuate kind and brotherly feeling between the people of our country and; of America, we feel assured that you, sympithizing with- our views and emotions, will carmestlyaid out endeavours to promote this momentous object. The mire mention of the subject will awaken in all Chnistian hearts a conviction -of its importance. In the social ircls of life, in your sanctuaries of worship, through your periodical literature, and through other approved channels, youwill eployyour holyinuence forthemaintenance of peace. In all suchefforts we wil join you, and at the throne of our Heavenly Fatherwe will mutuauly supplicate Bis blessing on the peacemakers, and on the things which make for peace, and pray for the time when war shall be no more. "hanllly iecogniiing the large amount of good which God has maide you the honoured means-of effecting in-the world bythe agency, of your voluntary Christian endea. Vours, and praying that all -peace sacid prosperity may increasingly abound in your churches, we have respectfally to request that you rnay £dopt such measures as to you may appear desirable for brnginrg this letter under the notice of t;he denoreination or churches vith wvhich you are connected, and ibmain, dear. and honoured brethren, on behalf of the Cominitfe of - the Congregational Union of England and Wales, - " Yotrs-faSthfully,- "ROB1RT HALLEY, D.D., Chairman. "BENJAZdilf HANBUIY, Treasurer. "GEORGE SMTIH, "ROBERT ASETON, ISecretaries?"
: ' RIPO1T CoDtmvl 01?- -: DOIULMiONX V. WARP-a}rV-' I amiyicc .lMy M ,l#, b/ord J,o*W VAMX BzB and Commnon Juries. J )lr. Watson, Q.C,, Mx CoUier, and Mr. Maynaid an. pearedfor the plaintiff; and Mr. Serjeant Wialkis and Jr. Ball for the defendant.- The plaintiff in thin action was A cabnnan of Bradford, in YorksEire, who sued the defendant, a coacli-builder i the ':ame plaoe, to recover dainages for -the conversion of a cab belonging to t'e plainti. The defenidaut pleaded tha general issue, and aLso that the cab in question was not the propety of the plaintiff. It appd from the plaintiff's eviaence that the defendant had sold the plaintiff a cab for 1101., upon the tenrs that 40. lDX5 to be paid down and the remainderbyinstah3ent.sof41. a-month. -The plaintiff had the cab, and paid 44l an receiving possession of it, but he neglected to pay his instalments regularly, so that, in tho maonth of April, 1855, as much as 441. ws stil re maining due. - In the month of April, 1855, the plaintiff said be wished to discontinue drivig ons of his two cabs, and finding it impossible, for some reason which was not explained, to obtain a licence for a single cab, he appliod to the defendant to allowv him to taLe Ithe licence out in his name. This wa aocordingly done, and the defendant's name was painted on the cab, but it continued to be driven by the plaintifl who, in the month of July, when the licence expired, took ott one inrhis own name, and had bis namo again painted oan the cab. 7tatters went on till the 3d of October, when the plaintiff was absent from Bradford, as he said, on a visit to the dying bed of his sister at StocktonI upon-Tees. On his return, on the 4th of October, he found t,hat his cab had been seized by the defendant, and taken from the driver to whose care the plaintiffhac intrusted it. I The plaintiff wvas cross-examined to show that at the thne of the seizure he had advertised his furniture together with his cal- and horso for sale, and that he was about to go aw.ay to Aumstralia, and leave the defendant and his other creditors in the lurch. He, however, denied that he wvas Iabout to go abroad, though he admitted that he lad sold his furnitureandeffects. He had also been charged with robbery, though he explained that the charge had been dis- mseby the mlagistrate. - The defendan's case was, that the plaintiff had been for some months very' is-regular in the payment of his instalmenth,and that in the month of April, 1855, the defendant, Ihaving possesion of the cab for repairs, insisted on the plaints±F giVitlg some security. It was then agreed ti:at the ~defendant shoulld fakse out the licence in his own nlae !and that if the plaintiff did not rcegularly pay a reduced monthly instalment of 2!. per month the deendant should be allowed to take the cabwhen and where he liked. The plaintiffhad not duly paidhis instalments, and consequently the defendant contenuedthat behad herome entitled to the cab as his own property, and seized it accordingly. It ap- eared, however, that a month beforethe cab was seized the defendant had instructed his solicitor to apply to the plaintiff for the balance due to him, and threatenrig legal proceedings if the money was not paid. Lord CAnsu'BLL, summing up the evidence, said, the plaintiff did not appear with much credit, for it was clear that he hadomitted to pay the instalments which became due for the cab, and he had also sold off everything. The question was whether the agreement suggested by the defendant had really been made. That was extremely probable under the circumstainces, but it wouild be for the jury to say, upon the evidence, whether it was established to their satisfaction. The jury retired to consider their verdict, and on their return into court found for the plaintiff-Damages 40s. One of the jmen added that the plaintiff ought to have the cab, otherwise- Lord CArnELL said, he could hear nothing about that. The verdict was for the plaintiff-Damages 40s. Mir. COLLIEP. applied to his Lordship to grant a certificate that the action was a proper one to bring in the superior court, so as to entitle the plaintiff to costs, hut Lord CAMThLELL refused the application. GRiESSI V. IlARRINGTOl. 3ir. Hawvkins appeared for the plaintiff, and 3rr. Pearce for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action was a French woman, named I.ouise relsier, a corset maker, residing on the third floor of a house in Rose-street, Soho. She sued the defendant, a Miss Harrington, residing with her sister at No. 8, Dourocottages, St. John's-wood, to rcove-r danmsges for being *given into custody and takren before a magistrate apon a c harge of felony. The defendant pleaded the general sse, anld also a plea in whiich she alleged that on the 16th of Ma three fork;shad been stolen from the defendant's kitchen; that just before the comaission of the felony the plaintiff was there alone, and that they were discovered to have been stolen imnmediately after the plaintiff left the house, and that the defendant had reasonable grounds for suspecting that the plaintiff had stolen them. It appeared from the evidence given by the plaintiff that on the 15th of Xay, 1855, she waited on the defendant with a pair of new stays, which the latter hid ordered. The defendant, seeing that the plaintiffs hands were rather black from her gloves, re- auested her to go down into the kitchen and wash them. .Vhen the plaintiff returned, finding there was some stain on the stays, she asked the defendant for a piece of bread, and wvas told to go down again into the kitchen and get it. This she did, and, having finished her business with the defendant, the plaintiff left. Three days afterwards, a policeman camue to the plaintiff's lodging in Rose-street, and told, her she was charged by the defendant vith stealing three plated forks Be found a nan in the room, and also a woman engaged in stayinaking. Having searched the room and found nothing, the policeman, acting under the orders of the defendant's servant, took the plaintiff into custody. He first took her to the defendant's house, 8, Douro-cottages, and thence,- secompanied by the defendant, to the poliee-station, where the plaintiff was stripped and searched; and afterwards to the police-office, where the charge was examined into and dismissed. On a subsequent day, when an action had been threntened,the defendant calleduponthe plaintiF's attorney, and, pretending that she was a friend of the defendant, endeavoured to arrange the matter by stating that it was all done in a hurry, and that her friend the defendant (meaning herself ) would not mind giving 11 as compensation to the plaintiff for the iniy she had suffered. The solicitor told the defendant he would advise his client to accept 1lo. and the trifling expensee which had been then incurred ; but, as that proposal was not acceded to, the present action was brought. The defendant, 3fary Ann Harringtosi, her sister Louisa, and the servant were calledinsupport of the defendant's p lea of justification. T'he defendant said that, finding the plaintiff's bands were very dirty, she directed her to go dowrn into the back kitchen and wash them; and that, on her retan, she (the plaintiff) asked leave to take the stays dounstairs to ru-b off the stains which, the witness said, the plaintiff's dirty fingers had made upon them. The defendant said that was unnecessary, but, as the plintiff was very anxious to do it, she W3s alowe to take the stays into the kitchen for that purpose. She resently returned, and in abouat five minutes after left the ouse. The defendant, who was a smnart-looking young woman, and gave her answers in a very smart manner, was cross-examined as to whether anybody else had been in the house on the day in question or the day after, but she was very positive on that point, and in this she was confirmed by her sister aud the servant. She (the defendant) said she was a single woman, but was as often caUled "hirs. Harrington!' as not. She denied that she knew 'where the Axgyll-rooms were, and, turning upon her questioner (Mr. Hawkins) with great quickness, she asked, "Where are they'e This appeal for a moment seemed to abash and disconcert the learned counsel, and produced general laughter in court. She said that she and her sister lived together,'and, in answer to a question from tho Court, added that they. had a httle incomne, and occasionally let lodgings. The servant said her mistress had had no lodger for 12 months. With respect to the forks, it was proved that the missing forks were part of a set of six large and six small forks which were usually kept in the back parlour. On the day in question three fork;s had been used at breakfast, and, when washed, were put in a vegetable dish on the dresser a short time before the plaintiff wa in the kitchenL The servant did not ?ut those forks on the dinner table, because, as she said, I they were not in the vegetable dish to put there," but took others from the parlour. She, however, did not tell her mistress that she had rnissedthe forks, and, indeed, she now said that sbhe did not miss them til the next day, when she told her mistress. These circumstances, it was contended, were sufficient to warrant the defendant in iving the plaintiff into custody upon the charge of stealing teforl;s. Lord C ramxan was aboult to sum up the evidence, -when one of the jarymen hoped that, as there was great difference of opinion among them, they migt now be allowed to withdrawv and take some refreshment. Lord CAmpixnL said, his observationswould be very few, but if the jury thought it likely to be some time before they could come to an agreement they might take some refreshmen; before retiring to consider their verdict. His Lordship then said he thought the evidence to show that a felony had been conimitted wasvery vague, and the evidence to show that a felony had been committed by the plaintiff was still more vague. His Lordship added that the offcr of 1U. which had been made by the defendant as comapensation was, in his opinion, most inadequate, and it was certainly very strange that the defendant should have 'ersonated her friend as she had done. The jury retired, and ultimat-ly found a verdict for the plaintiff for 161. nsm-sE*ss Or Tim cOUT. Lord CANunELr gave notice that he had engagemaents of a publin nature which would prevent his sittin to-morrow (thuusda), bas he would sit on subsequentdaye, durin which there would be abundant time'to get through te remaininif eanHees
EXCHEQUER CHAMIBER, W DESDAI 6. _I Q GLThs V. TmOmS (&fings in Ermor. Prcsent-Jwtica COLERmXIU , C -ss. wILL, EmyE, WmIAh, CRompiox, and Cr.owvzul lr. )UStice UoaiSI E delivered the 3Udgment of the Court in thiscase. The uestion aroseupontheinsuffliciency of the second count of the declaration. The count alleged that the defendant had wrongfully distrained the plaintiff's goods for arrears of rent, and that the defendant avrongfully remnained in possession of tbo plaintiffs goods, and thnt the plaintiff ws3compelledto pay O6 as arrears and us. d. for costs, whereas, in truth oni, a small part was due. For the defentdant it was contended that the mere taking goods for -nore than was due was not actionable, because, althouh he distrained them, he was not bound to sell for a largr amount thafi was dn and it was not to be inferred that he sold more than vwas iecessry to raise -the amount of the arrears. Th6 count showed a taking which was not aleged to be more-than was sufficieit to cover the arrears, but for more than was due, but the goods were not sold for more than would covei thereal arrears and costL The question was, whetber this allegation was equialent in effect to an allegation of a sale for more thin was due. If the paymenit Ws to be considered vobantay, it was clearly made with the full knowvledge of the oplaintiff of the fact; it could not be contended that a right of action could be maintained It was aTleged that tha plaintiff had bein compelled to make, and didzuake,.the payinen in order to obtain possesson of the goods, and the Court must assume such a state of facts as, if p roved, would have put it in issue; but the facts were that the plaintiff demanded the goods, and the defendant refused to deliver them without payment. Still that wins xLot XQ* the derMLnd exceSive, anD could not be reeovp-f in this form of iction. The detention 'nly was w - a SDM O wns due the taking the goods was la}t a 7'tho detention was wful until the m due ted3 ^-'t This ws not an excessive distress, and it onsisent ill the'circumstances that the proceedin of the dlFiS 'A7 were 6o-4fcl. Under these circane es the deff -; was entitled to a tender of the amount the platint. z to be dee. UonOL tbe defeudamt?s refusal to aces plaintiff Ought to hare procuxd possession vin. This 'vla amy th ease of a lsdiord@, trainlin, nlot excessiely, and holding usession im virtue of that distres; Land, lielng lafy In possession, ha demanded a larger sum than was duo ;A andt th~ plintiff mnust he-taken. to base 'Irnown thiat, wbere thu. vs.lidity of the distress was not in ouestion, -he should bhav tendered the amount he alleged to he due. TheCourtthere. fore thought the I udgment of the Court belo should be lreversied;btmr. autcnd mtoi deis,adddoconcur in thesudgment , Judgmaent reversed.L SBUSCOMT V. TI5E 2iAS} A?SD WIDZ3 or T CiTAiT TAYLOIIS' V05&rAnc...; )fr. 1,!. Smzith aDa Mfr Ponlling were coua-sel for the Y plafintiff in errOr; and)fir. Bov'ill9 and. M Tr. ytrt The declaxtion stated that i~he company were ps,es of a certain house, in which there were certain widows through which they were to have the light and air, but thxt Truscott by another building obstructed the windows, and prevented the light, and air coming through the same. To this it was pleaded that the buildings were in the city of London, and that in the city of London there wasadieot custorn'h, if any perounada house, and the windows oE such' house were lookigg against another ancient house, er the foundations of au ancient house, although the window.3 were ancient, yet a party might erect another house upon suchlancientfoundatious aganst and op_osito the windowV of such house, unless there was some mnting or record of an agreement to the contrary. And Truscottsaid, that beforo the grievance he was in possession of the premises u~om which such windows looked, and that he erected a house ort the ancient foundations. The company replied that thee had been in the enjoympent of tne light and air to these widows for more than 20 years without interruption. . The actiou was brought to review a decision ef the Court of Queen's Bench, in the case of " The Salters' Cotpany T.r Jay." Upon the ctse coming oeiore the Cotut of Exchequer, the Chief Baron observed that it was dif'-uta for that Court to overrule a decsionu of the Court of Queen's Bench, and therefore thought it better that the case should at once come to a court ot error. The question was, wvhether a particular custom of the city, which enabled the owner of property to buld Otl old foundations, -was abrogated 'by Lor Tenterden's Act. The learned counsel sabmitted that this particular custom of the city of London, 'which haa been condrined by act of Parliament, and was therefore of equal force with an act of Parliment, 'waz not Abrogatea by the general words used in the prescription act. At all events. m the city of London the cuastom coud. otle affected by Lord Tenterden's Act without tho city being particularly mentioned. (The premises alluded to were those recenly erected by the plaintiff Truscott, in Suffolk-lane.). The learned counsel produced many authoities, th a aIew of showing that the customs of London had been preserved, unlpss where particularly mentioned. The CourT observed, in the course of the arguments, that the ecent improvements in the cityhad.general',been to widen the streets, as,, for instance, the new building at the end of Chancerylane. Mr. Sstrna said, he had been informed that that new building had the effect of very much interfernxg -with the ligt of the houses on the opposite side of Fleet-street. He submitted that, upon al the authorities, the defeudanthelow (Trnscott) was entitled to judgment. Mr. Bovna: contended that the statntes intended to apply to the customs of London and York- with regard to air and4i!hst. These customs were of no more weightthan ordinary customs. Lord Tenterden's Act said that, where an enjoyment had existed, and been used for 20 ye%rs, it should be deemed absolute and indefeasible; therefore a person having enjoyed the light ani air for such a tinet abrogated all customs, because a custom could not be put higher than a statute; and the act of Parliament said"any local usage or custom to the contiary notvithstandino." The learned counsel submitted that those wors must hawe reference to all customs, and that, if they had not been [intended to apply to the city of London, the customa of the. city of London would have been specially excepted. In the case ofthe "Salters Company andny" the Court ofquee.s Bench had decided that the act mst have cortemplated this very custom, and that the words of the statute were applicable and intended to referto this custom .31r. Justice CoLEIDtGE said, this was a case in which the Court below expressed no opinion, and the action was brought to reviewthe casw of the "Salters Company against Jay, which it wasadmitted was expressly in pont; and the o eston was whether that case had been wrongly decided 7 It turned on the 3a section of Lord Tenterden's Act, and that appeared to have been introduced solely with regard to access, ana might be said to re-foumd the right, and it founded it on the actnal enjoyment for a full term of 20 years, without interruption, unless that enjoyment had been shown to be by consent or agreement expressly inade,uttingit on the shnplest foundation, with thesimplest exceptionthatcouldvrelibesupposed. Supposingthesection. had rested there-ithout more, the custom of the cityof London would have had one mode of acquiring the right generalil, different from that of all other parts of England. Suposing the section had remained ther, the uestion wo d have arisen whether the custom would i have exsted; but there was something more in the section, the snon-obsainte clause-" an - local usage or customto the contrary notwithstanding." 'I 11 the cases referred to always tured upon this principle--what was the intention of the Legislature; and, if it appeared in any way from these words that the intention of the late act of Parliament was to repeal the former, the repeal would take place ; but let them auply that docrine to this case, andu see if they could give tfie full meaning to it without supposing it had the effect of re=in- the custom of London. Mr. Sinath had properly a tteuthat, if the custom had been named in theact of Parliament. the effect would have been to do away with that custom. The Legislature could have had by the introduction of those:ordsbutoneintention,umely, adistinct referenco to London and York ; therefore, upon this short ground the Court 'would fsil in giving full efiect to the act of Parliament if he did not 'ive it as his opinion that the judgment of the Court oF Queen's Bench should be affirmed. The other Judg,es concurred. Juldcuentafianmec
ADIRALTY COURT, t si-. . ThV T'AXv3A PFrAI'sTOTl & &D THE (BCjorc Dr. LVSMNcrn?vi Jr.- Ju`nJ,N UaT elrereamjudgznent an the abore cases, the facts of which were reported in lWc Tnms of the 31st ult. Ie had, he said, reserved his judgmuent, not becau-e he entertained the slightest doubt as to what imustbe Eis decision, but for the purpose of considering, first, what ras the practico with respect to clains aud affidacits in sn t thereof, and with respect to prayers on behalf o the captors; and, secondly, -what must b the ription of the statement upon which the Court would decree further proof The principle and the practice vth regad to claims and affidavits in support of them had, vdth a few unimnportant exceptions, entirely concurred. To support a claim in the Prize Court the individual asserting it must show that he wvas entitled to a iocu= strrafi. No person on whom the character of enemyattachedeould hare such a right to appear, save by the express authority of the Cro'.n. To estop claims which might be vreferred bz, tho subjects in one sense of friendly or nentral States, resident in the enemy's country, and carrying on trade there, it had always been deemed necessary that the claimant should de. scribe affimatively the character in which he claimed. He must describe the placo to which he belonred, and mst negative all enemy's iterest in aformspeciallyprovuided for the purpose. in practice, cases for further proof were, for the most part, very quicl;y disposed of. The geat majority of such cases arose from the proof of the property belonging as claimed not being sufficient. The rules of the Court applying to such questomas. were so well kmoown that litue or no dispute aroe. There had been cases where the sole question was condemnation or restitution, and some 'where the captors contended that no further proof ought to be allowed, and others where the claimants contended that no further proof was necessary. The result wfas that each party was entitled to take his ownt course, anld neither could be compelled at the opening Eo make any specific prayer. The Court was not fettered by any restrictions, but at any time might ask either party wthat was his prayer. It was admitted that in the cases now mnder consideration restitution could not be claimed upon the evidence before the Court ; indeed, he thought the true description wasthatyprima facie, they were cases for inmediate condemnation. The nasters stated that the vessels were the property oi a (ree' subject carrying on trade at Odessa. It that was the true description, then, beyond all doubt, the ships' were s'tject to a condemnation as enemy's property. Dr. Addams had very properly declined to argue for restitation, hbut hU& COlntendedtthat the Court might admit furtheryproof. He had no instructions, however, which enabled brm tostateswhat facts that further proof would establish, nor on what ground further proof could found a claim to resitation. The Court had never bound itself to rquire that farther proof should be asked for in any mrticrlar form. 'What the Court always required 'ws, that such a case should be presented as might, if it -were proved, entitle the claimant to restitution. In the present instance tho counsel were note instructed even to say what the description of case muightbe which they proposed to establish by furtherproof. The prayer for further proof. under such cirunmstances was jnmot only unprecedented, hut without justification, and, I should such a case as this be repeated, he should consider himself bound to condemn the claimant in costs. Be con'. demned the two vessels. THE EwAr EL~A. This Russian vessel, with a cargo of salt, bound On a Ivoyage from 'sby to Arensburg, was captured bg JHer Islajesty's ship-of-war Basilish and carried to MemeL N iclaiml was given foi her. I The QDH 'SSADVOCATE mioved the Court to condemn hier;*to'wbicds The learned JupcaisJsented. On the 3Sstof fay, 1S55, the boats belonging to Her dajestEy's shlps.of-waj Basiliik, Arher, and ConfAc, proceeded up the river at Iban and on reaching the harbour took possesston of thze steamer Geier) 'which they founl lyingat anehor dIsmantled, and the whole of her machainery' toen out, 'with' the ex;ception of the frausework tbesedf. She was sent to Idemnel Fo claims being givimn for her, The Countl condemaned her.
CJURT O(F BA.IR KRUEPyCZ £angaeWis Fe3. 6 I T14 RR Invrlz lntrvl._ (Bcfore 2rl. CoMm..;oncr FoGNEAI,0UE.) The hank-mpt was a corndealer wnd licensed victusller, oF Caibridge-terrace, Barnsbuhxygrk This vwm the certiftcat mniecting. be'accounts s owed a capital of 1,164& in jawna.y, lIf 5, and tlosc, with Jnsecuea creditors, t;?..; aecured, 1,051f ; liabilities, 5.4111; the total asset, 1, M. RII. CVEuLLY apested for the b:'krut, and thought that, upon the whole, the Cosrt might avard a &st clas T certifica heavy liubilitles of the Ii;rip¶ hi arisen
F .INSOVENT DEBTORS' COUT, Fc. 6. TI; RR JATM WAT.W PV (B.forc the CnrEF Comwssio.N-im.1 This insolvent, an innkeeper and horsedealer, at Tewcester, applied under the Protcetion Act, supported by Mr. Denney. 3lr. bPOubrey, on behalf of 3Mr. Collyer, a surgeon at Towcester, opposed. The insolvent, upon the eve of qtitting Toweester,purchased two horses of MIr. Collyer, upon an agreement that they should be paid for before removal. During the absence of the creditor, however, the insolvent obtained the horses, which he sold, and then cane to London. The insolvent denied that he had promised to pay for the horses before delivery, but The Cisr7F Co3mesIo?Nm considered he had cheated Mr. Collyer, and therefore was not entitled to protection. The case was then adjourned sine die. (Before Mr. Commissioner MuErHy.) IE rE EBENEZER DAVIES This case, which has been several times before the Court, was resuoned this morning, but, after some further inquiries respecting the disposition of property, the parties acted pon a suggestion of the Court, and it was agreed that the insolvent shIould discontinue an action he had brought against Mr. Prout, secretary of the Missionary Society, and that further opposition by the creditors should be withdrawn. The case was adjourned until Friday in order to carry out that arrangement.
CENTBAL COJMINAL COUBT, Pch. 6. OLD COURT. (BeforC Tr. Justicc WIGHT.VA;I and Mr. Justice WuarC ) Charles BroadfootWestronwas placed at the bar to plead to an indictment and a coroner's inquisition charging him with the wilful mnrder of George Waugh. The prisoner, when first caUed upon, pleaded " Guilty," but he suddenly retracted the word, and said, in a hurried tone, in answer to the officer ofthe court, "Nfot Guilty." Upon the application of Mr. BAT L NTIE the trial was fired to take place to-morrow' (this) morning. It is said that there are 20 witnesses to be exarained for the defence. Joseph Windle Cole, Daniel Mitchell Davidson, and Cosnio William Gordon were then placed at the bar, and they pleaded" lNot Guilty" to an indictment charging them with a conspiracy to obtain goods by false pretences. hrr. Wunis, Q.C., said he appeared, with his learned friend Mr. Ballantine, to conduct this prosecution on behalf of the Corporation of the City of London; but, after an attentive consideration of all the circumstances, they were both of opinion that it would not in any way further the ends of justice to proceed with the present indiciment; and, therefore, with the sanction of their Lordships, he should refrain from offering any evidence. The Court was probably aware that three indictments had originally been preferred against thc defendants by order of the Court of Bankruptcy, and all the defendants had been convicted, and two of them were sentenced to hard labour for two years, and the other to five years' penal servitude. The authorities of the city of London had felt it their duty, in the first in. tance, to prefer another indictment, in case there should have been a failure of justice upon the other three; but, as P. conviction had taken place, they felt it was now unneces. sary to proceed with it. Mr. Justice WIGs Mix said, that if the learned counsel took upon himself the responsibility of stating that the endscof justice were satisfied by what had already taken place the Court would offer no opposition to the course that was suggested. Mr. BMNLTRMnsxobserved that even in the event of a conviction the Court could not inf'ict any additional punishment upon the defendants. Mr. Justice 1WIGNMAra said he was aware of that. Any fresh sentence would be concurrent with the one already pronounced. The jury then returned a verdict of Not GuUQtv as regarded each of the defendants, and they were taken back to New.gate. THE MVusDER c TEE rs M-oRrs. Thomas William John Corrigan, 29, wars indicted for the wilful murder of Louisa Corrigan. Mr. Payne conducted the prosecution; Mr. Ballantine and Mr. F. H. e?wis were counsel for the prisoner. Mr. PA'-EE in opening the case, said that the charge Anst the prisoner was that of wilful murder, committed v him upon the person of his wife;the facts were very short d extremely clear, and no doubt could be entertained mat the prisoner had destroyed the life of the unfortunate leceased. -e then gave abrief outline of the circumstances ander which the crime was committed, and concluded by ;ating that he believed the only question that would be nised on behalf of the prisoner was with regard to the state )f his mind at the time the act took place. The following evidence was then adduced Mrs. Elizabeth Fearon said,-On Christmas-day last I was at Mhr. Burton's house, in the 3inories, with my hus- and. The prisoner, the deceased, and two persons named bfihony were also there. The whole party remained there all night. The women went to bed about half-past 12, but lhe men continued sitting up. We had been playing cards and drinlkng spirits during the evening. I got up about 9 clock the next morning, and I then saw the prisoner go )ut to his employment, which was at the East India ware. house in Leadenhall-street. The prisoner and his wife Ived at Bethnal-green. Two of their children were at my house, and I and the deceased went there and took the chil. Lren to her own house. The prisoner came there and appeared very cross, and asked his wife why she had not been to the bby. The deceased made some reply, and the priEoner said she might have gone home to the baby. Witness then said that the baby was all right, and the risoner was asked to have some tea, and he said he would have tea at home. She aqked him to have tea at Mfr. Burton's, tnd, after maldng some objection, he consented, and '-y all went out together. It began to rain, and the Lrisoner called a cab, and on the way he appeared cheerful 3ntil they got near to Mr. Burton's house. The horse shied, and nearly overturned the cab, and the-prisoner made no effort to save them, and he afterwards appeared rery strange in his manner. They got to Mr. Burton!s about 4 o'doclc, and witness and deceasedwent into the bedroom to take theirwet clothes off, leaving the prisoner, MSr. and Mrs. Burton, and the two M3ahonys in the sittingroom. The two rooms were quite close together. They had not been in the bedroom more than a minute when she saw the pisoner in the passage between the two rooms, and from the sound she heard she thought he was opening agate that was on the stair head. The deceased called out, " Who is that " but no answer was given, and witness said, " Is that you, Tom e' The prisoner made no answer, but walked at once into the bedroom in a .hasty manner, and laid hold of his wife, and threw her towards the bed. Witness asked him what he wasabout, and he then threwthe deceaseduponthechild'sbed, and comnencedstrildngher. She ruahedtowardshim andtniedtoseparate them,but could not do so. The prisoner bad hisback towards her, and when she put up her hand she felt a pain in her arm, but did not notice at the moment that she was wounded. The prisoner -mpeared to be strildng his wife all thls time, and she eaned for assistance, and then, observing that there was nod on her hand, she rushed out of the rcom. The de- ;ed s screaming awll thi m te. She was lying on the with her-face uppermost, and the prioner appeared to ntiIdng her about the body. She did not observe that e prisoner bad anything in his band. After she left the ,.oom the two Mhonys and Mr. and M Burton went in, ad sbe berd the deceased call out, "Betsy, Betsy? P Witnes loolced round and saw the decesed behind bar, and sbe then apeared in a fainting state, andshefell down on We stepsof-the door. Witnee# was at time going to the shop otf r. Cook, the doctor, and in v short timne the deceaed was also brought there, carried by fourmen. The pIi5ber had been drinkieng aUl the previous night, but in the morninlg hc had wahed himself, and appearedf somewchat refreshed, and qTiite to know what he wasa about. When w~e got into the cab the p±isoncrappeared.to be under the influence of drink. Witness had known the prisoner and his wife for seven years. By the COURT.--On this morningthe prisoner looked very wild about the eyes, which he genera ly did afler he had been drinking. . .-. -ifminination continued.-She did not think the prisoner and his wife lived very hapily together. Cross-exasmined.-The deceased was occasionally violent, but, so far as witness ever saw, the prisoner always behaved very kindly to her. He appeared to be more given to,drinkduring the last six ionths tlhan he was formerly. She hadheard that he had suffered from - dedirium treniens, and the deceaed told her that she had been obliged to sit up all night with him on account of his fancying that something was hanging about the bed. She was not aware that the prisoner was jealous of his wife. He had-been drinking for a. week before this occurrence took place, and his eyes looked very wild and excited. Ashort time before this the prisoner; when he waswa31dng in thepark, strucka young man whom he had never seen before, and who gavehima no provocation, and it took a good deal of trouble to pacify him. He had evidently been drinling after he left hir. Burton's house, and his eyes were swollen and bloodsho4 and he looked quarrelsome and cross. He appeared ouite unconcerned when the cab was nearly overtunmed. Upon one occasion she saw the deceased scratch the prisoner's face, and he merely held her hands and rmade no attempt to strike her. By MIr. PAxIN-This occurred two years ago. She believed the prisonerattended reg.larly to his work. He was engaged from 9 in the morning till 3 or 4 in the aftermoon. Anne Burton deposed that she livedwith her husband in Church-street, Minories. The last witness was her sister. On the day in question the prLsoner and his wife were at her house, and she observed that when the prisoner came first he appeared in good spirits and very happy. They drank gin-and-water and brandy-and-vater during Christmas day, and when witness and MIrs. Fearon went to bed they left the men drinldng. About 11 o'clock at night she observed that the prisoner looked very excited. She saw him again on the following morning. He was then dressed and ready for business, and he drank two cups of cocoa hastily and left the house, and he said before he went that he did not feel very welL She saw him again at her house about half-past 2 o'clock, andhe was then very much intoxicated. He went upstairs and returned in about a nminute, and he then left the house. About 4 o'dock in the afternoon he came again, accompanied by her sister and the deceased, andthey appeared to be talking cheeifully together. In a very short time -witness heard a faint shriek, and afterwards very niolent ones, from the bedroom, and she ran there, and some one passed her hurriedly. When she got into the bedroom she saw the prisoner lying on the child's bed with an open knife in his hand. She ran to him and laid hold of the knife; he struggled vioently with her and threw her from him, and she screamed forhelp, andaskedtheprisonerif hewantedto doherany harm, and he made no answver. She said to him, " What have you done 1" and he looked wildly round, and made no answver. Her husband and Mr. Mahony then camne to her assstance,and took the knife from the prisoner,andshe locked it up. She had heard that the prisoner and his wife lived unhappily, but she knew nothing aout it herself. ByMr. BALATnM-The prisoner was a very quiet, harmless man, and she never saw him out of temper. When she flrst saw him in the bedroom he appeared dreadfully vwld and excited. Edward Burton, the husband of the last witness, said that after the women had gone to bed the prisoner, himself, and the two M3ahonys remained in the sitting-room, but they did not drink very much during the night, and the prisoner in the morning did not appear intoxicated. He did not consider he was intoxicated at any time, but he looked very strange after his wife had left the room. About half-past 2 o'clock, on the 26th of December, the prisoner came to his house again, and asked for his "missus," and witness told him she was in the next room. She was not there at that time. About 4 o'clock the prisoner, the deceased, and Mrs. Fearon came again, and after the two women had gone into the bedroom the prisoner followed them, and immediately afterwards he heard screaming, and rnshed into the bedroom, and sawn his wife there, holding the prisoner upon the bed. No one else was in the room at the time, and he did not know what had become of Mrsa Fearon or the deceased. hi e could not say whetoer the prisoner was intoxicated at the time, but he never saw him mnsuch astnte ashewas on thatday. By MIr. B 's?s-His appearance wams totaIllydifferent to that he presented when he was intox;icated. Ee appeared in a frantic state; his eyes glared, and there was a t;hickperspiration on his face. WVhen he first came into the room he noticed there wams something peculiar about his ap7pearance at that time. During the nightthey were sitting up the prisoner appeared quite lost, and not to know what he was about. This did not entirely arise from the drink he had taken. WiLtness was sorry to say, the deceased frequently provoked the prisoner, but he never attempted to strike her or use any violence. He had seen the deceased strike the prisoner. After the occurrence the pr.soner was qdite passive. He stood fixed, and witness led him downstairs and gave him into custody. During all this time his eyes rolled wildly, and he did not speak a word. He was aware that even or eight years ago the prisoner received. an injury on his head, but he knew nothing of the circumstances. Mr. Cook, a surgeon,was then examin7ed. He proved that he was called in to see the unfortunate deceased and that he found her quite dead, with several wounds upon her breast, one of which had penetrated the heart, and, according to his opinion, must have caused aLmost immediate death. Upon being cross-examined, this gentleman said that in al cases where a person had been attacked by ddiriump trenzens he was always subject to a recurrence of the malady, and it might come on very suddenly, but generally something occurred some hours before to give notice of its approach. He also said that anyone under the influence of ddiriunz, erne,ns was at the time undoubtedly insane. Swolen eyelids and thick perspiration on the face were some of the symptoms of the disorder. If a person were subject to this malady very little additional excitement would be calculated to produce it, and when under the influence of the disorder the person was subject to all kinds of delusions; in short, it was a kind of temporary madness. A man would commit the most extravagant and violent actions, and not be the least aware afterwards what he had been doing. By Mr. PAvxE.-Some persons under the influence of ordinary intoxication would exhibit many of the appearances of sufferng from ddirium tremens. Where any one ;as given to habits of intoxication want of sleep might tend t4oproduce the disorder. By the C07uRv.-He knew nothing whatever of the prisoner's habits, and he never saw him until this trans. action. M1r. Gernon, an inspector of the metropolitan police, proved that the prisoner was placed in his charge in the afternoon of the 26th of December, and from information he received. he went to the place -where the deceased had been taken, and found that she was dead. The prisoner. appeared a ittle excited when he first saw him, but when he returned he was calm. He asked the prisoner whvether he knew what he had done ? and he replied, "Yes; I have stabbed my vife." Witness told him that she was dead, and that the charge against him would be that of wilful murder. The prisoner upon hearig this appeared much affected, and burst into tears. On the folowing day he asked if he could see his wife, and Vwitmess told him he could not. The prisoner then said, '- All I can recollect is, that I gave her one stab, so," and at the same time made a motion with his hand, and he then burst into tears. The witness added that two letters written by the prisoner were subsequently placed in his pos. session, and they were producedL These letters were addressed by the prisoner to some members of his family, and they were put in and read. The following is a copy of them " House of Detention, Friday Afternoon. "Dear Bets-,-With a broken heart I wrnte you to take all care you can of my poor dear children till I can make some arrangements with my friends. Do nob pay any rent out of that trifle I left you. Please God they will be able to get up a benefit for me at the theatre orsome p lace, and I expect there will be 64 alowed for the funeraL You must get it done as cheap as possible, but do not slight the remains of my poor murderedwife. Oh! Betsy, if you knew the anguish of my mind. I have no rest night or day now thatl have come to mysenses. Oh l Betsy, save me a lock of my poor Louisa's hair. Now that she has gone I would give anything to undo what I have done. Be kind to my por helpless children, and the great God that I trust to tor mercy for my crime will reward you. When you come up with my hhirt bring my blue waistcoat, and take the one 1have got on away with you. You must get the most you can upon it for the children; also a collar or two, and my black necktie. If you can carry baby, I shall be glad to see her. Oh ! Betsy, forgive me for what I have done, and beg of your father to do so too. None of your feelings, bad as they are, can be like mine, as I am the cause of all. If youcannot come to-morrow, youcannot come till hfonday, when, if you would bring a little butter with you, I should be glad. Give my love to my poor father and sisters, and accept the same yourself from your heartbroken, wretched brother-in-law, " T. CouriGiY. "HYou must try and come at 12 o'clock." " House of Detention, Friday Nsght. "M3y dear Mr.Fearon,-In the midst of my dreary solitude Ivwrite toyou to beg you to forgive me fur the minjzies I inflicted on you in my madness of Wednesday, though I earnestly feel assured that you believe they were accidentsL. But, my God! i f I had wounded you in a vital part as well asmywife, what would have been my torture to know that Ihadcommitted two murders! Let me beg of you to forgive me for the horrors of body and mind I have caused you, and also Anne, and your sister. Tell them I hope their fate will be happier thanmine. Give my kdndest and best respects to them both. Ask them not to bate me. Tell them that I would not deliberately hurt a worm, either drunk or sober, much less go so bloodthirstily to work as tobuy the knife in coldblood to murder a woman. ^ittle did I think, when I bought it, what would become of it; but it is done, and may God have mercy upon me for it!w Glv myresect toTom and Dan, and all who inquire after me,~~~~~~~~~ antakhmoterneetm behalf. If you have an opportunity, canyouseeJack, and ask h to exerthimself about a counsel for me as soon as possible? I have written to Ben Rose. I have never been very backward in assisting others, and among them all somethig may be done; but don't have -, have somebody better than him; have a counsel for criminal cases, and send him tome beforeThursday, so-that he may watch the case at Arbour-square on Thursday morning if possibIe. I will endeavour to collect my energies together, and pray to God to give me strength to go throughitalL. Pray for me, too, all of you, for we none of us know what is over our heads. Who would have thought on Christmas night that I should have been here now 7 Good bye, God bless you, and Tom, and Anne, and LIis, and Dan, and all of you. That God may take youall into His good keeping i5 the earnest and heartfelt prayer of -" Your faithful and true friend, "T. CORhroIG." this closed the case for the prosecution. Mr. B za=AsMZ then mad^ a. most forcible and e3lquent address to the jury for the defence, He submitted that it was clear from the eviderce that th6 prisoner was on good terms with his wife almost u to the moment of the happy occurrence, and tMat the act of destruition had been committed under some 'uncontrollablte impulse, and could only be accounted for by the supposltion that the prisoner was not in hisTight senses at the time the act was committed. He then referred to the evidence as to the prisoner having been given to habits of intoxication, and tohiscondition at the time the affair happened, and urged the extreme probability that the crime was committed b the risoner while under the influence of a sudden attac of dirizum tremena, which rendered hin unable to know the consequences or the effect of his acts. The learned counsel also urged-that if the jury should not be satisfiedupon this point they vwould still be at liberty to sag that the prisoner was not guilty of raurder, but that he wras guilty of manslaughter only, if they should be of opinion that his mind was so disturbed by the liquor he had taken that he was unable to4reason or to form any definite intention at the time he attacksed his 'wife. Mfr. Justice WiGuT3L&.N then summed up, and, in the' course of his observations to the jury, said, it appeared to him that from the evidence before them it wouldbe im. possible for them to find the prisoner guilty of manslaughter, and that, if they should consider him a reasonable being they could find no other verdict than one of wilful murder The only question, then. 'was whether he was in such a state of mind as wouldrender him responsible for his actions, and this certainly was a most important question to be considered. It was his duty to tell them that, before they could come to the conclusion that the prisoner was not responsible on the ground of insanity, they must be satisfied that at the time the act was committed the prisoner was labouring under such a defect of reason as not to know the nature and quality of the act he was committing, and also that he was notaware he was doing wrong; and' it appeared to him that there was no evidence in this case that would justify the jury in coming to either of these conclusions. The prisoner appeared to have acted in a perfectly rational manner up to the very moment of the fatal occurrence, and, although it was extremely probable that the act was committed under some sudden feefling of excitement, possibly aggravated by the drink he had taken, it would be calculated to lead to very dangerous consequences indeed if a man undersuch circumstances was not to be held responsible for his acts. The jur retired at half-pastlf 'clock, and returned into cocrtinabouta quarter of an hour, when they gave their verdict, finding thie prisoner Gui iq of wilful murder. r. Harker, the principal usher of the court, then made the usual proclamationforsilence, andtheprisoner was at oncec called up for judgmnent. Mfr. Justice WzossrBSs.a, having put on the black cap, addressed the prisoner and said that, the jury, after a most careful investigation of his case, hadcome to the conclusion that he was guiltyof having, in a paroxysm of anger, for no adequate or apprecable cause but his state of intoxication, caused the death of his wife by brutal violence. He could not see anything in the evidence to af'ord the least ground for supposing that he Libouted under any defect of reason so as to niake him not responsible, and it would be of the worst and most dangerous consequences to society if men could escape from the consequences of acts like these upon such goundsas had been suggested on the present occasion on hisCbehaf. Itappeared to him that there was nothing in the case to warrant the conclusion that, at the time he comn mitted the act, he was cO bereft of reason as not to know he was doing wrong or to be capable of appreciatng the consequences of his acts. As to his beinz in a state of intoxication, that was not the least excuse, and the present case was only another fearful instance of the melancholy conse~quences thatresultedfrom that happy vice. HIe woulc not aggravate the horror of his position by anyr further remarks-he had only one duty to perform, but he would entreat himn, by a sincere repentance, to endeavour to obtain pardon from God duringthe shorttimethat remained to him in this world. The learned JuDGE then passed sentence of death in the usual form, and the wretched prisoner, who appeared deeply affected, was removed from the bar. NEW COURT. (Before thc ECORDER.) Edward Basley, 22, porter, was indicted for robbery, with another, with violence, on Eugene de Comerford Clarkson, and stealing from him a watch, chain, bag, and other articles, valued at WZM, his property. The prisoner pleaded "Guilty," and begged for mercy. He was, he said, drunk when be committed the offence, and was sorry for it. He *had been some time out of em- TlealtCORDER said, as he understood that another man, believed to be the prisoner's associate upon the night of the robbery, was now an custody and under a remand, he should not ,pass sentence upon the prisoner until he learnt the result of tuat investigation. Referring to the depositions, the RECORDER asked Mr. Clarkson if he still felt the effects of the ill3 ge 'which he perceived he had been subjected to by the prisoncr and his comu3nons Mfr. Clarkson sid, the violence to his throat had caused considerable pain, which had not entirely left him. The RECORDEB said thatthe Court had the power to give rewards for conduct similar to that displayed by the prosecutor - such rewards he could not offer to a gentleman of Mr. Ciarkson's position, but he felt the greatest pleasure in expressing his approbation of the courage and energy which 3Mr. Clarkson had displayed in pursuing and capturing so daring an offender as the prisoner, and that the public generally were much indebted to him for it. Mr. Clarkson said, the remarks of his lordship amply rewarded Lim. He felt he had done nothing more than his duty. Anthony Rush, 21, labourer, and George Talon, 19, hawker, were both convicted upon the clearest evidence of a burglary in the dwellinghouse of James Crook. The case was one of no public interest, the property stolen being of very little value, both prisoners were, it ap. appeared, old offenders, and one had been before transported. The prisoner Talon, a little, highbazked, evil-looking fellow, no sooner heard the verdict of Gailqy, than he said, "You cannot find me guilty, there wras no mark of violence upon the place I broke into." The RECORDER told him that made no difference; an unlawful opening of a door constituted burglary as far as the law was concerned. He then sentenced the prisoners each to sLx years' penal servitude. Talon, uponhearing the sentence, exclaimed, "Do you call this a fair trial?'< and, drawing from his pocket a piece of coal about the sie of a large apple, threw it with the greatest force and precisionat the head of the Recorder Fortunately he had observed the movement of the prsoner and, byqmcklymovinghisheadupon one side,escapedablow that wvold have donelia serious injury, for the missile struck the wall close by the side of his Lordship's face and broke into pieces. The prisoners were then secured and taken away, his Lordship directing that for the future prisoners should be more carefully searched before bein3 placed in the dock. THIRD COURT. (Beforc Mr. RUSSELL GUsN-ry, Q.C.) Villiam Froud, 36. labourer, Thomas Boyer, A6, labourer and Michael Fitzpatrick, 25, labourer, were indicted for having stolen a large quantity of waste paper, the property of Her Majesty. Mfr. Clarkson and Mr. Poland prosecuted; Mr. Horsy appeared for Froud; and Mr. M'Enteer for the other two prisoners. Theprisoner Froud was in the employment of the Postoffice, having the-care of the vaults, where the old moneyorder books and other waste paper are kept. The other two men were labourers occasionally employed under him. From some information that was obtained, Peake, the Post. offiice officer, traced about two tens wveight of paper, consisting chiefly of old money-order books, which Frond had sold at 14s. the cwt., to a man named Taylor, keeping a mrinae store shop in Upper Thamnes-street. The other prisoners had, it appeared, only carredthe paper at Froud's direction. The Jury AcquiUted Boyer and Fitzpatri-sk, and Froud was sentenced to 18 monthl' imprisonment and hard labour.
POLICE. Bow-STmEgr.--r. JADIN7E received a donation of 3&. for the poor-box from Lord Alvanley, per Messrs. Gosling and Sharpe. An acknowledgment was requested in 7e Time.s. MARwnxoNx.-James Waterman, a drover, in the employment of Mr. Nathan Goddard, dairyman, Johnsonmews, Sale-street, Paddington, appearedibefore Mr. BRoUGHTroN, at the instance of 3Ir. " Forster, of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, to answer a summons in which he was charged with having cruelly iused and tortured two cows, ander the fellowing circum stances, in the parish of Paddington. Mr.Forster called the following witnesses in support of the information :- William White, a porter in the service of the Great Westerm Railwa Compay, said that about 2 o'clock on the morning of the 2d of January he was at the goods station on the arrival of the cattle train. There were four cows in it under care of the defendant. He observed that two of them seemed in great pain, and, upon further examination, he found that they were in calf. One of them had almost given birth to a calf, and the other one seemed about to be in the same state. Mr. Forster.-What did you do when you found that they were in that way? The witness replied that he called the attention of another man to their condition. He and his brotherofficerprepared two pens for them with fresh straw, into which thev were separately placed, and the other two cows were place in one pen. They were in a wild state. Mfr. Forster.-That was from being 3nocked about in the train? Witness.-Yes, Sir; I gave them some hay to pacify them. Evidence continued.-In about 10 minutes after the cows were in the pens one of them gave birth to a calf. Mr. Forster.-Did the second cow appear to be suffering! Witness-Yes, very much. It was nearly doubled up vwith pain, and was in great agony. They were both in a deplorable state. I left at 6 o'dclock, ind on my return at 7 I found they were gone. Br. Forster.-Were you not surprised at finding them gone? Witness.-I was; at 6 o'clock they were not in a fit statO to be removed. James Stowe, who was called by the above witness, cor. roborated his statement. Mr. BROUGHITOx.-Were these cows in a fit state to be removed ? Witness.- No, Sir; each must have suffered great pain. The calving of the first cow was not completed when removed. Joseph Martin, another porter, 'was at the goods statioh about 7 o'clock when the defendant came for four cows, vhich he (witnessl had not previously xeen. The defendant pointed out to him where they were. Upon being shown them he at once observed that the cows in question were not fit to be removed. One of them bad not quite calved. The defendant bad great difficulty in removing them out of the pens. I 3r.- Forster.-How did he attempt to remove them? Witness.-He was obliged to use a stick. They returned twice. He at length got them out. The calf of the one that had calved was let behind. Upon defendant getting outside the gates, where several persons were collected, there was a cry of " Shame?' from many in the crowd, who wit. nesed the state of the cow which had not calved, and which could hardly put one foot before the other. Defendant said that he never heard the last witness make an objection to the cows being removed. M.artim-You could not be off hearing me tell you that the cows were not fit to be remnoved. *r. BsoUGrTox here read a letter which had been placed in his hands, written by the defendant's employer, an which a good character was givenhim for his care and attention to animals intrusted to his chare. Defendant remarked that it was beneficial to cows about to calve to drive them a short distance. Mr. Stevenson; an extensive breeder, said it would be dangerous under these circumstances to the anima and 3Mr. Stamford, landlord of the Star and Garter, Edgeware. road, formerly as. extensive cowkeeper, who was in court corroborated his evidence. Thomas Hughes, estler in the service of Mr. Goddard, said that the cow which had not calved showed no presenta. tion on its arrival, and that it calved in two hours after. This was shown to be possible after an animal had travelled a short distance. The case was finally adjourned, for the purpose of having the attendance of Mr. Field, or Professor Spooner, of the Veterinary CoRege, to state their views in regard to it. A middle-aged man, named William Pratten, was charged with attempting to set fire to a house in Star-street, Paddington, in the occupation of a widow named Beaumont. He was remanded for a week. Mr. BRot>mrou received from Lord Alvanley, tLrough 3fessrs Goslings and Sharpe, bankers, Fleet-street, the sum of S3, for the poor-box of the court. It was requested by the donor that an acknowledgment night appear in Uhe Tines. WEsrNM;sTMR-A respectable-looking middle-ageadnn exhibiting a severe black eye and other contusions about the face, who described iimself as a gentleman's coachian, applied to Mr. AnxoLD for redress under the following circumstances:- Applicant stated that about half-past 5 on the previous afternoon he was leading a horse through Smith-square, Westminster, when eight or nine Westminster scholars approached arm-in-ar from Church-street, and, coming upon him, forcedhim right under the horse's chest He turned round and askedthem what they did that for, when one of them camne behind him and struck him on the head, and, upon his defending himself, several of them attacked him and inflicted~tte injuries he now exhibited. tr. ANoLD inquired whether lie had made any complaint at the schooL. ApplcantrepliedintheHaffirmative. e had seen Mr. Scott, the master, who said he was very sorry, but had uanderstood that applicant had struck the first blow 3Mr. ARNOLD asked applicant whether he had any witnesses. Applicant said there were two boys who had seen the commencement,, who could prove thattit was exactly as he had stated, and there were other persons who saw them all attack him. Mr. ARSoLD wished to know whether he had the names of the boys. Applicant replied, Mfr. Scott refused to give them to him unless he brought further witnesses before him. *In reply to further questions from the magistrate, Applicant said he could identify some of the scholars who had attacked him. Mr. ARNOLD told Sergeant Chaplin to inform Inspector Simons that complaint had been made before him upon oath that several of the scholars had attacked and ill-treated a man very much, and desire him (the inspector) to go to the master and state the circumstances, with -the addition that in his (Tr. Arnold's) opinion he ought to give up the names of the aleged offenders, in order that te matter might be investigated at that court, and that, if he refused to do so, be should issue a s ant against them, and send it down to the ateoo1 wit an officer, in order that complainant might post out the accused persons. Woissu -srstmns--oha Burgess, a private i the Seots Fusileer Guards, wras chbred with robbery.vitngers The prisoner, it ap r had been upon mone for four or five yearseback, with a very respectable family named Buton, residing in Ashleyre6cent City-road, but had discontinued the visits for some time, and in the interval had entered the Fusileer Guards. On Sunday at 3 o'clock he called again to see the nephew, and was showrn into the hack parlour, where he was left alone two short intervals, beth together scarcely exceeding a quarter of an hour. He pressed the not phew to accompanyshim to the theatre in the evening, and promisedto call for him st 6 o'lock. The hour came, but the prisoner did not, and at 8 his absence was proved tobe not without a reason, for on Mtiss Burton gog to a bureau in the parour into which the prisoner had been shown to take out some money for domestic disbursement she discovered that a pocketbook had been stolen, contaming two sovereigns, five half-sovereigns, four hal-crowvns, a formn, and a number of shilling. Tihe book was safe in the morning, gone in the evening, and no one out of the family but the prisoner had been in that room. The family were in the habit of keepimg Large sums in this burean, but whether hee prisoner knew that fact or not they could not say. Caffr~ey, a constable, took the prisoner at the Welington Barrackas, and searched hi He had three half-crowns in his possession, denied the robbery, and accounted for his havig the money by stating that he had plodged his wateh for 15s. This sum, however, did not equal what he had spent and had stil bleft, and it was proved that he had been nearly penniless before. The prisoner's conduct appeared to exite much indignation in severalof his fellow-soldiers in court, and one of them, named WatsOn, proved seeing a dark-colonred pocketbook in his possession on the day afer the robbery, the pcketbook stolen resembling that and that in this boo were three sovereigns, four half-sovereigns, and a quantity of silver. This excited surprise, and he then accounted for its possession by stating he had been into the country to receive it, a statement he now contradiCed the momen t it had been ttered, by declaring he had received all that fom his pay-sergeant, and was again as instantly refuted Sy a seconasoldier in COUrt, who called out loudly that he had seen him with apsovereign and four half-sovereigms on Monday, although r hen searched b C he had but 7s. Gd. The money orpocketbook col not be found, the sums paid him by Sinclair, the pay-sergeant, were proved not to equal the amount he had seen bsssed of, and this Latter amount did about equal that stolen from a eycrescent. The prisoner stoutlydenied the charge still,but Mr. D'Encor went carefnUly through the evidence, and comnmtted him, for its completion, til that day week. mtonraEs.iJames Tucker, a morose-looking old man, about 60 years of age, fwas brought before mr. Iprsone charged with assaulting and wounding Daniel lockcley, a Journeysman hatter. Mr. Ine sLhi committed him for triaLn wit. B." has forwarded 5Z, a nd " H. S." 10s., for the poor-box of this court. AR acknowledgment in fe7ma Times was desired by the donors. SOunwnu.-Mlr. CoarEx received Si from Lord Alvanlgy for the poor-box, with a request of an acknowledgment by our reporter. Ltxnerou-James Godfry and Emily, his wnife, fashionably-dsed persons, were placed at the bar before Mr Erleoa for final examoination, on a charge of attemptig to pick pockets on the arrival platform at the WYaterloo-road station of the South-Western Railway. Inspector Bent deposed that on Saturday evening last he w,nas on the up platform on the arrival of the 5 o'cdck Southampton traino and sawthe taleprisonerapproach the Portsmouth luggaje-van. In a few moments the female prisoner joinod him, and after they had exchanged a few words he observed the latter go alongside a lady passenger who was waiting for her luggage, and try her pockets, but evidn tly got nothing. She then went atlongside another female passenger, and while feelingher dress the male pr-isoner, who by this time had observed that ho (Bent) was wratching her proceedings, gave herwhat was caled the "'office" to desist, by placing his foot n hers. She iustantly turned round, and, addressing him (witness), exclaimed, " Oh I Sar, what do youmean by stompin onme toesrHn e (Bent) toldher it was her companion who did that, and that she had no business to be attemping to phsk pockets there. She assumed much indignation at his charge, said she was a respectable wroman, that she came passenger from Southampton, and was only waiting for her box. He told her that this wrould not do for him, and that she and her companion must go w;ith him to the station-house on a charge of being on the platform with the intention of picking pockets. They beth begged very hard not to be locked up, but he called for assistance and had them removed to Tower-street- statienhouse. MLr. Ea.IOCrn.-'Wbat have you found out about their characters 2 Bent.-The prisoners refused to give their address, so that no inquiries could he made in the neighbourhood of their residenceabout them, but there is a 7witness present who can speak to the woman. Sergeant Loame, of the B division, wfas here sworn, and said that on Friday evening last be saw the female prisoner in the Westminster-read, in the company of two ticket-ofleave men. The prisoners were commnitted to Wandswrorth House of Correction for three calendar montha each. John Whithy and MaryWhitby, his wife, were further examined ona chare of shopliftingand stealing four silk handkerchiefs, of the value of 16s., from the shop of Mr. Fendick;, a draper in Chulrch-street, Camberwell. Mr. Eo r said he should send the case to the Surrey Sessions, but remand the prisoners for another week, to give time for a proper inquiry into their character. The prisoners were remanded accordingly. The magistrate received from Lord Alvanley, per Messrs. Goslings and Sharpe, 3. for the poor-boxo.
12O THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES Sir,-I have been much plesed with the report of the proceedings at Bow-street in the case of the Italian boy 3iarioni, except that I think a couple of sound 'whippings should be added to the sentence. The young hypocrite caled at this office a few days since; fasing tobediected,to vsolme iOndustial home. The re- 'wih his father, wPho died sx weeks aeo i=Eat Aleshry sion bewOedn fryig iin vain to ge epoymntbeas pace; wo gladlly worlk a whole week- to get wbat he wnetoethim tsp in his business. I- What was that ?-Selling images, How much did he want 2-Half-a-crown. How had heulvea since his father's death ?-By lodging in thoe worIkhouses, where they gave him a breakfist. When he asked for 2s. 6d.,they say so-and-so. Had he begged ?-.No, nerer. beecause his fater told aiihoce bepmn he wouldl never leave off. But hehad been so long trying for worlk lie began to fear hie shoulcl neer get the coveted half-crown. He seemed so artless thatmresolved, if he passeda trifini6teast, to rve him the money. Did he know London !-I es. Co uld be carry a letter ?-Yes. I wrote to m3y wife to employ him aboutf something, and handed him the note, the address of 'which he zead vwthout hesitation, but stood still Well ta3e that, and viait if the Lady is not home. Could I give him something to buy food on the way ? he had tasted nothing since 6 last evening, and 'was too weak to 'walk so far (three miles).lm i thewoidouss,an hd nve bgge aall"He coloured, hut aswerd, "es, ir.""Wel, itthatis true, yonx can indyourwayther?'- Yes Si." Then start." It is needless now to add that the note never reached its destination. This, Sir, is the way in wic'h the very fouantains of benevolence are in danger of being dried usp. My own ftngers had at first been stealing towards the -waisteoat poeket, such was the apparent simplicity and hardshuip of the story. The yo-gscamp willbetoo well treated in prison. Let; him thierefore be soundly whipped once ak-month -whenever he mnakes his appearance there- - .. . . - - - 1;?!? &C., T- BAREIL Wc t 'xnIser, eb. 6.M&CO'Sad,
BE .ARK BOYD ANYD THE ROYAL BA4f OP AUSTRALIA. TO THE EDITOTOF THE TfMES. Sir,-I shall feel much obliged by your inserting the following statement, in answer tD the letter sgned "W. Charles Wryghte, Official Manager," hich appe3red in The Times of the 6th inst. I was never concerned, directly or indireecly, for the d.eceased ba pt referred to in that lctter mntil afterbhe had been adjudicated bankrupt, -nor didIow him evenby name until the 2Dth of June, 1855 (the bankraptcy bearing date the 9th of June, 1855), when, under miy advice and by my direction,bis agent delhvered to the official apssine up. wards of 20,000 . in }xcheqrer-bond4 which amount exceeaed yseveral thousands of pounds .the claim of the XRoya Bank of Australia; therefore I am mot the solicitor. referred to in Mr.-Wfyghte's letter, whos represented faselyto havesshted to him that theanapFt had no fund of his own. Mr. Wryghte isalso mistaken in statin that IapFJied to him to adjudge eitherthe'deceased or Mr. .ark Boyd bank. rupt ;that a.pplication had reference to another large centri, b,utory of high merc ntile standE whose name, for obvious reasons, I do not disclose, and w o eli se netly Paiia aSargcsur to theeoffca manage?, in discharge of bin . I asa, Sr, X'our obedient sErVa7nt.- .EDWARD LArRA^NYCf 14, Old Je2ry-tamberS Feb. 6.
OMAR PASHA AND HIS ARMY. l (FROg A. CORB MDEBXT- F4:NUTER~S TUREISE AR3£Y, t MINGREI, DEC. 29 On the 17th inst. Omr Pasha left his encamp ment near Chopi, and proceeded to Redout Kaleh, where he will remain for a few days, in order to superintend personally the arrangements for the disenbarcation and forwarding of stores. He was accompanied by Iieutenant-Colonel Simmons and Captain MIacintyre, on their wvay to England. ~.On the 18th the incessant rain was changed to snow, which fell heavily until the 21st, to he then succeeded by fine warm days-to all appearance the harbingers of spring. Under the combined influence of sun and freshbreezes the mud on the roads is rapidly drying up; the rivers are not yet affected by the melting of snow from the mountains, and the expeditionary force, if it were English or French, mnight now recommnence operations, and think once nore of the capture of Thitais. But the Turks lossess nothing of an army save the ;soldiers, and the soldiers vworld he in imminent danger of starvation before they could reach their goal. It appears to have been the policy of Russia to lavish money freely in Mingrelia and Georgia; but to keep in check the productiveness of the soil, to enhance the price and to limit the quantity of the necessaries of life. This policy has produced its natural effects, and an invading army, especially where, as in thepresent case, utterly hateful to the natives, must speedily perish for w-ant of sustenance, unless possessing commissariat and transport services in the highest stte of efficiency. These services, if they can be said to exist among the Turks, are at the other end of the scale, and the Russians will never be compelled to fire a shot in order to defend the inland portion of their Asiatic provinces against the unaided armnies of the Sultan. Since the abandonment of Seva on the retreat, Skender Pasha has been desirous to harass the enemy by a cavalry expedition, to be conducted upon principles peculiarly his own. He proposed that each man shonld carry seven days' provisions, that there should be no tents, that no prisoners should be taken, and that his own wounded should be deserted and left where they fell. Hiis plan was not sanctioned by his superioss, probably because it was contrary to their great principle of passive expectancy; but, the rear of the camp at and about Chopi' having been threatened by a mnixed&force of Ru ssians and native militia, Skender Prasha was directed to dislodge them. He started on the morning of the 23d, and found four battadions of the cnemy, with a few small mountain guns, posted in a neighbourigvillage. The wooded ground interfering itE cavalry operations. he sent to the camp for reinforcements of infantry; andas soon as these reinforcements arnived, after a short exchange of distant and harmless firing, the enemy prepared to evacuate his position. Skan- ! der Pasha ordered a bayonet-charge; and, having given the word of command, dashed forward alone at full gallop into the very midst of the Russians, and cut his n-ay out again tunhrmed, to rejoin his troops. 'While this act of foolhardinesa was being performed, the advancing Turks enicountered a flock of geese, a prize as precious to them as the golden apple to Atalanta. Forgetful of the enemy, they lost all'order in pursuit of the feathered booty; and only returned to their ranks when Skender Pasha rode among them, vociferating cluses and dealing forth blows with a liberal hand. Again the levelled bayonets advanced to the charge, the more fortunate of the soldiers having each a goose struggling under his arm or dangling lifeless from belt. But, on reaching the village, a niumber of sheep vwere found grazing behind the lhouses, and, with the unfailing instinct of half-filled stomachs, the volley of musketry that should have been reserved for the Muscovs dealt death and destruction among the hapless muttons. Here, blows and cluses were of no avail. The geese could be carried, the slaughtered sheep could not be left. Thanks, therefore, to the humger of the soldiers, the Russian and Mingrelian troops made goodtheir retreat; Skender Pasha having no consolation, except in the burning of the village and in the indiscriminate plunder of everything contained in it. The sheep that escaped the volley were driven into camp,. and the victors tasted meat, perhaps not having done so for a fortnight. Under a proper system of provisioning they would certainly have done all that was actually accomplished, and would also have inflicted a severe blow upon the enemy, instead of figuring as the chief actors in a scene of disgraceful and unparalleled absurdity. On the 26th intelligence of a skirmish at Suadidi reached camp from Redout Kaleh. The story is, that a party of native militia attacked and drove in the T urkish outposts, but that the assailants were eventually repulsed with some slaughter. WVe have heard also of a trifling affair at Seva, in which the. Turks were successful; two sub-officers and a dozen men of the militia having been captured. Encounters of this kind, although unimportant in themselves, will serve to deepen the hatred of the Christian population towards the invaders; and will inereise the number of the 31ingrelian sportsmen Swho at present hang about our outposts, waiting for a shot at any missulman who may chance to stray beyond the observation of his co:nrades. This morning I visited the scene of Skender Pasha's attempt at an engagement; and found some 20 or- 30 families crowded into the few little sheds that had escaped destruction. The men were busy at the rnins of their simple habitations, replacingthe broken rafters and repairing the scorched and blackened walls. The sign of the cross rendered them friendly and communicative; but they spoke of their bitter wrongs and of their present helplessness, as a prey alternately to each of the contending armies, with tones and gestulres that told of a day of reckoning at hand. Our lukewvarm and philosophical Protestantism can scarcely comprehend the zeal of the. Mingrelians for the Christianity that has built and decorated their numerous and ancient churches, and that regulates by its requirements much of the conduct of their lives; but we may surely .sympathize with one of the finest races in the world in their anger at being oppressed by such a people as the Turks. For a fortnight past the soldiers about Chopi have been busy in the construction of brushwood huts; which, though rude enough, are calculated to afford much comfort. The hills are being rapidly stripped of their forest covering, and the winds that blow from the snow-covered mountains in the distance pierce the sides of a tent in a way -;o induce forgetfulness of the warm sun and bright sky overhead. The men, separated from the ground by a thin bed of damp leaves, and covered only by their greatcoats, try to overcome the lkeen night air by keeping glowving wood embers within their tents; and from the stupefaction thus occasionedsevere burns are not uncommon. Everything in camp shares in the stagnation incident to winter quarters; and, although nothing is certainly known, it is the general opinion that when offensive warfare is resumed the present base of operations will be abandoned; and that the army will either march from Trebizond towards Kars, or eIse follow the course of the river Rion to Xntais. The Rion is navigable as far as the junction of the Zkheniss -and would afford great facilities for the transport of stores. VWhatever is done, it may be hoped that the campaign just past will teach a lesson to the allies; .And that the Turkish army, if intended to be victorious, will in future be releved from the terrble difficulties incident to its present organization. If only fairly disciplined, paid, fed, shod, clad, and officered, that army would be inferier to none. But, with soldiers hungry, ragged, shoeless, and penniless,with officers whohuddle into houses when they should lead their troops inttO action, and with avaricious and incompetent Pashas presiding over the- issue of food and clothing, there are many feasible- undertaldngs before which the military force of -Turkey must of necessity break down. Jair. L I have to addthat OmarPashahasabandoned his inteiltion of returning to Chopi; and that he is having His winter residence constructed near :Red out Kaehb.. Skander Pasha, with three battalions, has been sent to Sugdidi, in consequence of the discovery of a road, hitherto unsuspected, between that place and Kutais. Axm,mlU or E: STAUTrS OrEnmun, MNCOLN, ANtD COSUS CtsrI COLGEs, OXro}z.- Certan regulations and ordinances for the amendment of the .statutes of the following colleges, viz. :-Exeter College, l;n College? and Corpus CLuSli College, Oxford, made in pnrsaace of the 17th and lath Victoria, c. 81, having been a pproved by the Co-niissioners appointed for the purposes o that act, the 'amne have been published in the Lcndrcn GacWe, dated February 6th instant, in confority with the provisions of the said act, and n1otice is thereb sg-:en that it IS lawvful for the l3ddies in bon y ffve3y mentioned in the 35th sectionothe is thete o potition Her Majesty in Council within one mnonth after the said pulblication aganst the approbation of the s-id regnlations cr ordian;ares, or any part thereof,
AATBrAG.E WITH A DECEASED WIFEWS SISTER iV SCOTLAND.. I TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Ieobserve in a Glasgow paper a reprint from your columns of an article upon the validity of marriage with a deceased wife's sister, in which, commenting upon the recent decision of lord Ardmlan, in the case of " Fenton v. Livingston," you are led to infer that the effect of that de^ision will be to establsh the legality of such marriages in Scotland, and yoe hint that persons resident in England will now be enabled to evade the operation of Lord Lyndhurst's maiag law by L trip to Gretna-green. As the propagation of such an opinion, if unfounded, may do incalculable mischief, especially among those classes whose means of information are limited, and whose inclinations have a tendency to outstrip their pruden ce, perhaps yowl will do the justicedto that large body of the public who are influenced by the opinions expressed in your articles to insert the following remarLs, which are dictated solely by anxiety to remove error and misapprehension of a mischievous tendency. Briefly, then, permit me to say that the decision referred to does not establish the doctrine you deduce from it either directly or indirectly. Itis true that Lord Ardmillan, in the note appended to his judgment, feels himself called upon to express an opinion upon the question whether by the law of Scotland such a marriage is incestuous; but it is an entire mistake to suppose that the solution of this question in the negative would necessarily infer the validi'y of the marriage if occurring in Scotland; nor does his Lordship consider the former as bearing upon the latter question, but for a totaly diffirent purpose. Indeed, the very elaborate opinion expressed by his Lordship proceeds throughout upon the assmnption that "it is not necessary for him to express any opinion on the validity of the marriage by Scottish law. "It may," he proceeds to say, "for the sake of argament, be assumed that-if. such a mzarriage occurred in Scotland it would not be valid." Proceeding on this assumption then, the view his Lordship took of the case was this:-Ie held, first, that the marriage was an English one, and that, consequently, its valdity fell to be determined bythe law of England; secondly, that having been contracted and dissolved without challenge prior to the passing of Lord Lyndhurst's act, the marriage in question was valid and unchallengeable by the law of that country; thirdly, that, as a general rule, the comity of nations required that a valid English marriage should be recognized as vald in Scotland also; and that he was accordingly prepared to give full effect to that principle. But, fourthly, that it was necessary in the first instance to clear away an objection which had been urged to its application in the case before him,-viz., that such a marriage, though it might be valid in England, was nevertheless incestuous and criminal in Scotland, and the conzitas getstiunm did not require any judicature to give effect to the law of a foreign country, when it would conflict with any special municipal regulation of its own country, especially if of a ciiminal nature. It was said, deference to the law of a foreiga country can never compel us to recognize and give effect to what our own law regards as a crime ; and it was in dealing with this objection that Lord Ardmillan considers the question-whether, in point of fact, marriage with a deceased wife's sister is by the law of Scotland incestuous, and so criminal; and arrives at the conclusion that it is not. So that it is plain that any opinion he might have formed in regard to the validity of a marriage between persons so related in Scotland would have had no relevancy to the case before him, seeing that the marriage was, in his opinion, an English one, and falling to have its valdity determinedby the law of that country; and, further, that, whatever his actual opinion may have been as regards the validity of the marriage, he does not express any, and gives no countenance tothe idea that its non-criminality involves its valdity quoael civil effects. The validityof marriagewithadeceased wife's sister, therefore, does not flow as a direct result from lord Axdmillsn's judgment. Nor does the latter necessarily involve that result. For, althoughi r. Dennison, in the pamphlet referred to by you, may have expressed himself that " unless this marriage is a capital felony-as all incest is by the law of Scotland-there is no prohibition of it in the Law of Scotland," Iam prepared to show, if thisisnotan entire mistake, there are, at least, strong grounds for maintaining that there is such a prohibition, altogether irrespective of tile statutory definition of the crime of incest. The truth is, there are two Scotch statutes on the subject-the one 1567, chap. 14, defining the crime of incest ; and the other 1567, chap. 15, regulating the freedom of marriage. Mr. Dennison would seem to have overlooked the latter, which is both more loose in its phraseology and wider in its range than the former. It is on the construction of the former that Lord Ardmillan deals withthe question of incest; the argument of thosewho contend against the legality of the -arria,einScotlandismainlyrestedonthe latter. It dedares " the hailie band of marriage made be aU estaites and sortes of men and women to be as lawful and free as the law of Godhas permitted the same,"and had it stoppedhere there might have been little difficulty; but it goes on, as if explaining the view entertained by the Legislature of the extent of the Scriptural permission, to declare "that seconds in degree of consanguinity and affinity, and al de- rees outtwith the same contained in the Word of the eternal God, and that are not repugnant to the said Word, might and may lawfuly marry." It is necessary to explain that " seconds in degree" in this statute are reckoned according to the canon law computation-that is, each generation from the common stock being one degree, so that cousins-german are seconds in degree. Now, the argument on this statute is this (and without venturing to express any opinion as to its merits, I 'would submit that there is force in it)-thatthe latterbranchof it, if nottoberegarded asa legislativedeclaration of the meaning,to be attached to the introductory clause (which, however, is also maintained), at all events operates as a restriction upon its more general words; that the fair inference from the statute is, that al marriage is prohibited, unless falling within the scope of the permission ; and, as consanguinity and affinity are dealt with on the same footingin the permissidv clause, they should also boso dealt with in regard to prohibitions. Marriage between brother and sister by consanguinity is prohibited both by Scripture and by implication from the statute; and by the same implication at least, if not also by Scripture, it is prohibited between brother and sister by affinity. Srch is the nature of the argument commonly used, and although, as already stated, I give no opinion in regard to its soundness, I think I have said enough to show that Mr. Dennison's dictum is altogether too peremptory, and, indeed, is not correct in point of fact. And, if so, you will doubtless agree with me in thinking that it would be rash and premature. were the people of England to act upon the opinion arrived at by you-an opinion well founded had the premises been true-that, "whatever doubt may be raised as to the effect of Lord Lyndclurst's act upon marriages celebrated in other countries, respecting which it is silent, there can be none as to its effects in Scotland; "and again, "that there is therefore no reason to doubt that a marriage in Scotland between an Englishman and his wife's sister is just as valid in England as a marriage in Scotland between minors (the common Gretua-green marriage), though both are equally prohibited in England." To act upon these opinions in the present state of the law would be foUy in the extreme. Permit me, in conclusion, to point out what seenis to me a misquotation in your article of a passae from the Lord Ordinary's note. It is stated, "The Lord Ordinary declares that he wvould willingly defer to the authority of the Scotch Confession of Faith, if he could; but, sitting as a civil judge, he is obliged to decide that 'marriage with a deceased wife's sister is not incestuous by the law of Scotland, and that the issue are legitimate.' " Now, with submission, and withont meaning to impute intentional misquotation, but, on the contrary, believing that the mistake has arisen from an attempt to condense into one two passages of the Lord Ordinary's note, the latter contains no such passage as that quoted, nor, indeed, any two passages which, when properly read, will bear that meaning. The. Lord Ordinary nowhere says that the children of such a marrige, if occurring in Scotland, wtould be legitimate; but that, such a marriage not being incestuous in Scotland, and the particular marriage in question before him being valid and unchallengeable in England (and which it is of importance to note similar marriages would not be now, since the passing of Lord Lyndhurst's Act), and not incestuous in Scotland, the children of such English marriage must be regarded as legitimate in Scotland, seeing they are so in the place where their ztaties originated But on the question whether or not, had the marriage been a Scotch one, they would have been legitimate his Lordship offers no opinion. I am, Sir, your most obedient servant. JUREDTUPICIUS. Glasgow, Feb. 5.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIlES. Sir,-In your number of to-day you quote the recent resolution of the Birmiing&am Charber of Commerce at their half-yearly meeting-not to discuss the currency question again until it is brought before Parliament-as an evidence of the " salutary" effect of the arguments of "hlercat&' and Mr. Combe. 'Will yon permit me, as chairman of that meeting,simplytocorrect this inference? The resolution (which was supported by sereral opponents of the present monetary.system) neither-afflirmed nor denied Mr. Salt`s or " Mercator'se doctrines, but simply deferred for the pre. sent any further discussion of a Subject which has only recently been fuly considered by the council of the Chamnber, ;nd.on which they have passed a resolution condemna. tory of " Mercator's" principles as expressed in tho acts of 1819 and 1844. I am. Sir. vour obedient servant THE VICE-PRESIDENT OF THE BILMINGTTA3 CHAIER, OF COMREECE. XeD. o.
THE LIVEPPOOL TOWIN-DUES. Before the business of the monthly meeting of the town council yesterday was commenced, Mr. J. A. PICTION begged to call the attention of the council to the portentous attack which had been made upon their sights, privileges, and property by the billw hich the Vice-President of the Beard of 'rade proposed to introduce. It would be for the council to consider what steps ought to be taken. The Finance or any other committee appointedto look after this business, would, no doubt, do their utmost, but the council, as representatives of the inhabitants of Liverpool, had a duty to perform-a duty from which they must not shrink (Hear, hear.) The inhabitants of Liverpool could not tamely sit still and allow that property which had been handed down from generation to generation, purchased and paid for by their predecessors, transferred from hand to hand like any other prope,ry and finally purchased by the Liverpool Corporation-the inhabitants of Liverpool would not tamely sit down and allow themselves to be plundered of this property without many a strenuous effort to resist the threatened attack. Whatever measures the council did deem necessary should be prompt and energetic. Hs own view was that a town's meetmig should be convened by the mayor, and the opinions of the inhabitants fairly and properly taken.. If they were content to sit down patiently under the injury, be it so; the council would, at any rate, have done its duty. But if they were actuated by the spirit which he (Mr. Picton) believed they possessed, they vwould petition, as with one voice, besiege the doors of the Houses of Parliament, and get up a case, representing fairly and truthfully the real circumstances with regard to the right of the corporation to the town dues. The matter would thus be presented both to the House and the country in a very different way from that in which Mr. Lowe, by his acd captantdum speech in the House of Commons, laid it beforo them. (Hear, hear.) It would appear from his statement that every receipt, -whether from dock or town dues, or amy other source, was debited to the account of the Liverpool corporation, while for the expenditure on the other side no credit at all was given beyond a few paltry matters of no moment whatever. Severl instances were given of vessels having taken part of their cargo on board in the Birkhenhead Docks, and the other part in the river being saddled with the Liverpool Dock dues, and this .as put to the debit of the Liveeool corporation, who had nothmgto dowiththematter. Thera were several other blunders of the same character in the speech; and in a leading article of 27tie Tiimes it was stated tra the Liverpool corporation had never laid out anything on behalf of t e commercial interests of the port beTond some paltry 3,0001. or 4,000!. Why, had not all the local iwTprovements during the last 40 years been expresslywith the-view of improving andextending the avenues of commerce? 73,0001. was stil unpaid to them by Government of the sum expended by the Liverrool corporation upon the erection of thle Customease, besides giving the land, with twice or three timcs as muchmore; and they wrer newr erecting an immenEe landing stage for the accommodation of sea-going steamecs. Reference had been made to St. George's-hall as kavil g cost such large sums of money, taken fromthe pockels of Manchesterand other townsin themanufactuingdsstricts. But whathadthisbuildingbeenerected for but to promoto the ends of justice in the Southern Division of the county of Lancaster, of which Manchester, and Bolton, and Bury, and the large manufaeturing towns of the county, wore as much apart as Liverpool, (Hear, hear.) Did time permit(Mr. Pseton said), he corld enumerate the whole list of chargc s brought against the corporation, and show that they wes e equally unfounded; but there would, doubtless, shortly be an o portanity of more publicly entering into the question, and hc therefore begged tomovethe follow-ing resolution:- "That fthe lfayor be qested to convene a public meeting of th5 inhabitants of this berough, to be held in Sb. Ceorg,es-hall on an early day, to consider the course to be pursued in consequence of the bll introducedinto the House of Commons by the Government for the abolition of passSig tells and the regula'tion of loca charges on shipping, or on goods carried itn ships, and proposing to a'bo I sa sch dues' without corapensation or ec 'valetnt to this or any other corPoration entitled to such res-a mieasure subversive of the riht ofpopy, hitherto held sacred in this country." Br. BOR~y (haimanof the.Finance Comnmittee)quiteagred ithMr.Ficon hatit as hedutyv of the council to akeupthesujec wih he eat pssble delay. As a corpratin, tey led n benficil iterest in. this, large proert, wichforcenturies bad been considered the inaienbleigh oftheinhabitants of Liverpool. The cor-' poraionerethe ruseesfor the inhabitants, andl t-his was a qeston hic ineretedevery owner of ffixed property wihnteborog of Liver.pool. (Hea, hear.) Ie proposed meaueappeared t6 him (MrT. Horaby) to be- a wantoinrneetpon their rizhts-one which he could scarelybeiethttearaenofhscoty woul sacti6. A attmpthad been made to draw a distinction between individlaa owners of property througout the country and comamunities, which were, in fact, ongly an aggregate of individuals. In the former case, it 'was mainftined. that the constitution of this country requiredl that the legal rights of individuaja should be regarded with the utmost caution. and reverence, and that whiere the interests of society required such infringements ample compensation should be miade. (Hear, hear.) Out, in the case of the owners ofproperty inboroughs situatelikethat of Liverpool, itwouldd ap,pear that, without the slightest 'reluctance, Parliament 3mght confiscate their property without any compensation whlatever. This 'was -thefi sttimeinhislifethatheha learnt thatthcre was onelawfor therichandipowerfo], andanother for the humble. The owners of property in Liverpool were, for the maost part, 'without mauch name and influence in Parliamient, but, if the slightest mneasures of infringement were adopted against, the great landowners, the whole country would b raised in opposition. The'- Vice-President of the Board of Trade had nothing to fear from the opposition of the miembers fromn other parts of the country, for Liverpool ~vms reEared with envy by great numibers of the boroughs in Lacashire, Yorkshire, and the neighbouring county of Cheshime M1r. GLAr,sToiiE complained bitterly of the manner in which the rights of the corp)oration had been attacked. It was a most preposterous thing that a Government which could not manae its owri affairs, whose own accounts did not; tally, whic could scarcely mnake an additilon correctly, which had commnitted so maniy blunders in theEatme starving on the right and rottig on the left-should propose to take the property of the inhabitants of Livr~ and mainago it for them. (Hear, hear.) .A morefols affair thani the whole speech of Mr. 1owe could not be conceived, and if this was a specimen of Government manageznint the sooner Goverinment was displaced the better. M1r. T. L. HloDsocc formally seconded Mlr. Pictonus resolution, urging the necessity of merging all mneaner local differences and uniting in opposition to the Government bill. Mr. Alderman Blizq'rr, as instances of th-e liberality of the crporaion oward shiping nd ercantile objects cite th exiendtur ofbetwen 0.OOL.and 100,0001. en hipuilin-yads t irkahed,and the fact that and local rates. ~ ~ ~ procia After some further converstion, during which it was decided that the public mieeting should not be held -antil coisof the bill 'lied been printed, the resolution of Mr. Pitnwas carried.
SHIP NEWS aV7ERPOOT. rV n S AveaL.-w he J osepfine iromaLsbon-the Swift, from AMyteleno- Wmd.-S.S.W.ru FnsEBuny 6. Arrive.-The Amity sud the sNteamer Ritn, from Santander. Sailed.-The steamer Atlantic and the Jo'n Bright, for Newv Yorkthe Slaleml, for Melbourne-the Panny, for Nuntes-tle ew York, for Losnosz, Feb. 6.-Windataoon, S.; fresh breeze andEunqlly. BRsxrox., Feb. 6.-Wiid, S.W.; strong.-Arrived.-The Pet, froe St. Michaels-tho Julia and thel Messenger, from Cork-theJulia, fin m Scotland-the Arran Vle, from Athens-tho Messenger, from lI edon-the Express, from Baylc-the Beresford, from Sivansea-the Itians, from Rotterdam. SaJed.-The Troubadour, for Liverpool-the Juverna,forCork. TheLeopold steamntugwlasateighttrna intoby one of the steam eoal-barges and sank in the river. FArzroTri, Feb. 4-Arrived.-The steaamer Devonshire, from Londen, and left for Dublin. Sail%d.-The Dan, for Copenhagen-the Crndor. thoelna, the Africa, the BrazilPacket, the&Emma Avoigne, ndl for Hamburg-thu Ariel, for Bremen-the Vrouve, for Amsterdam -the Ludomille. for Rotterdam-the John G. Richardoon, for avrethe Itautilus, for HuM. Feb. 5.-Wind, W.S.W.-Arrived.-The Diana, from Lagos, for London; mainyard and mainboom sprang, and s'otenofprovisions-the Norwvegian brig Tjall, from Kragerme. ST. Mitecan's, Jn. 25.-Since the 21st of January the wcather has entinued stormy from W.S.W. to N.W., and shipments have in con. sequence been suspended. Six vessels are at anchor; the others have been blowsn oil- and some have left both sesehors in the roads. BEs.nAU3LU, 5Feb. 5.-A sloop, apparently of abont 40 tons, Hles sunk ore c mile S.R5. of the Dutelixoan's-bank, Monai Straits; -masthead rizsible at lowr water. SHuELDn, Feb. 6.-The Lilias, of Berwick, for the Tyne, has been rnm into four miles ofi Tynemouth by the Mecklenburg's RitterOehaft; the former had her mast6 carried awvay, and has been bronght in here by a steam-tug, saXing water; crew saved. BucuAnv.sT, Feb. 5.-The Boyne, of Neewcastle, is wrecked on the coast four miles north of Shabla; crew saved. GneLTAnA, Jan. 30.-TheAmericanbrig Webster, from Cadiz for Rio Grande, was abandoned on the 27th of January off Cope Spartel, and foundered shortly after; crew saved, and arrived here in their teat. SuennrnArAN-D, Feb. 4-The Tunen, of Arbroath, vhich was on s'hore near thiis port previous to the 13th of January, has been gGt off, and proceeded yesterday for Arbroath. GnAVEwsmD, FaB 6. (By Sunxa : ean BA ninD TnTR&rAGrB.) (From Lloyd's.) 9.30a.m.-Vmd,W.S&W. ; tide, 2 hour' flood; eloudy. Anitaed-The steamer Batavier, from Rotterdam-the steamer Soho, from Havre-thle steamer Holland, from Ostend. I P.m.-Wind, S.W.; tide, S hours' flood; fresls andfine. Arrived.-The Lionne, from Gravelines-the Chearb, from St. ?,iichael's-tho Ellen, from Guernmy-the Alfred, from Tereeir-the Export, from Ostend-the Concord!,. from Gijon. Salled.-The steamer lion, for arlingen-the Champion, for Per- mu(d. 3 p.m.-Whid, W.S.W.; tide, 2 hors' ebb; very strong. Arrived-The Merco Polo and the Olive, from Antwerp-the Azorian, from Tercelsa. Sailed.-The steamerElbe, for Hiamburg-the steamer DiLan, for Rotterdam-the steamer Flora. for Amsterdam-the stearner Belgium, for Ostend-thc steamner Concordia, for Itotterdam-the steamer Countess of Lonsdale, for Hamburg-the Reserve, for Jamaica. 7.30 pn.m-Wind, W.S.W.. blowing hard; tide, last hour's ebb; raining. No arrivals. DEAT, FIn. 6. (BY Sumensm AsN.D Raman TnrnzGv.an) (From Iloyd's.) 9 am.-Wlnd, S.W.; strong. Passed outside Goodwin Sands on the 4th.-The Alcyone, from Ba. taviafor Amsterdam-the John, from Batavia for Copenhagen. ParedDungeness on the Sth.-The Andromeda, from Cuba-the Boanoak, from Newv York-the Ebba Brahe, from Calao ; all for London. Paased.-The Edendale, transport No. 10, from the Crimea for London. Anchored.-The Prinoo Alfred, tansport 1%. from the .Crimea, for London-the steamer Sultana and La Vivandiere, from London for ConFtantinople-the Gipsy Queen, from London for Terceira-Her Mrajesty's ship Rhadamanthus, from Woolwikh for the westward. Anchored off the North Foreland.-The Charlotte. from Amsterdam forliew Orleans. Noon.-Wind, S.W. ; very strong. rawed.-The LadyBurleigh, from Sydney-the RDclne, transport No. 31, from the Crimea-the Admiral, from Mladras-the steamer Fywell, from the westward; all for London. Anehored.-The Velocity, from Calcutta for london. Put Back.-The York Town, for New York. 2 pm-.-Wind, 6W., very strong. 3sssed-The Itienzi, from Callao for London. 7.S0 pm.-Wind, S.W.; strong. Arrived and Passed.-The East Anglian, 162 transport, from Constantinople for London-the HarmoniaWllsmincka, from SanSebastianr for London. Report of the Velocity, from Calcutta:-Oct. 13, spoke the George liallett, in lat. 2 33 S., long. 88 21 E; Nov. 21, spoke the ship Rajao talm,fromCCaoaofor theIsleof France, in lat.2420 S.,long.61E ; Nov. 28, spoke the ship John Melhi}sh, in lat. 28 3 S., long. 47 3 R; Dec. 9. spoke the bark Crimea. from Moulmei; in lat. 3 48 B., long. 13 42 E; De. 10, spoke the bark Mafarld,in lat. 35 46 S., long. SO E; Dec. 2t, stoke the bark Jacob und Christina, in lat. 13 26 S., lonxg 91 W.; Dee. 27, spoke the bark Fanmy Chapman, in lat. 70 40 S., long. 12 W.; Jan. 2, spoke the brig Missionary, in lat. 314 N., long. 29 5 W.; Jan. IZ spoke the Konig Wlllelin IL, in lat. 2024 N.; Jan. 15, spoke the bark Salem, of Salem, dismasted, in lat. 28 43 IT., long. 34 W. ; Jan. 18, spoke the French ship Arthur et Mathilde, lat. 25 58 X., long. 283t W. ;.Jan. 24, pasted a three-masesd schooner boumd to St. Miehaers, inlat. 42 4 N., long. 1710 W. * Jan. 30, spoke the brig Elizabeth Duncan, in lat. 49 8N., long.9 10 W. VEsss Sroxr Wrr ThIo Asiatic;from Caleutta for Iiverpool, Jan. 31, in lat. 51 N., long. 3.2W. The Sylphide, for Aksyab, Sept. 16, north of the line The Anugeste et MJeline, for Port Phnillip, Oct. 14, off the Cape of G&ood Hlope. Thne .Atolue, for Alcyab, Nov. 27, in the Bay of BengaL. 'The British chip Hanover, from London for India, Dec. 20, off Mfadeira. The Britishi ship Augestna Wattenbseh, for Calcutta, Dec. 2, off Mandelin Theholsaters, of and from Liverpool for China, JaTn.1, in lat. 37, Thc oft, o£Cardigan, from Mlarselles, Jars. 30, in lat. 45 I., long. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE TBS DAY. Moring .. g .. 30 min. after 21 Afternoon '.. 53 nmin. after 2
THE LATE BuGsAy AT PoRTSEA.-The thieves who effected an entrance into the Portsea premises of Messrs E. and E. Emanuel, silversmiths and bullionmerchants, of Portsmouth and Portsea, on the morning of the 16th of December, when they escaped with at least 1,0001. worth of jewelry, have been captured by Mr. lcggatt, the superintendent of the Portsmouth police, Nwith the agency of Mfr. Wotton, the postmaster, of Mount-treet, Lambeth. Their names are James May and WilliamI Henry May bricklayers, andEenry Phillips, labourer. As the prin a5s admitted their guilt it is snnecessary to detail the evidence, which was very conclusive notwith. Etanding. The prisoner, William Henxy May, told Superintendent L-ggatt how the robbery was effected, and how they waited in the bottle store in the back street, by which i n entry had been made into the premises robbed, until lalf-past 5 o'clock in the morning, because they knew the I olice went off duty at 5. The whole of their house-breaking implements (a complete and modern "establishment") werc left behind, and a bumch of- picldocks was found in the box of 2Iay, together with nearly the whole of the jewelry,&ni.; stolen. 31 duplicates were also found in the tox for articles pledged in L,ondon. All the prisoners have leen fully commnittedi for trial at Winchester Assizes by MIr. Stiganf, the Ma3yor, and A7dennan Bramble, ox-Mayor of Portsmouth.' CRYSTAL PALCE.-ONm SHnLnG DAY, WedneSday, Feb. 6.-Admissions on nay3nent, 523;. ditto, by season tickets, 153 ; total1visitors, 6 6. [Advertisement.]-".AComparative Table"' is just publishedl and forwarded free byrost on receipt of one stamp, by Samel Brothers 29, Legd&tc-hif],. owingthe higbest and lowest pricesof' bread, fleor, and wheat during eca year, from January 1, 1IB5 to Denccber SI, 1855. The purposo is to elace at one glanoe before the seader a comprehensive view of al the relativo mcissitudes of tho breadandwheat marketsunder the variouecirennwuftancea of nationa prosperty or reverse, and the -ariog fiscal ressIationa which have operateddmmuri the piod in question. - "The table is altozether vrMy suggestive. '-' Morning Advertiser." "The result of the baken' competition may be Plainly seen in thislittlc tab.-"Daily New"
SALES BY AUCTION. j1IR. MARSH's ORDER of SALE, at the hsart'- THIS DAY, at 12 for 1 precisely:L The Absolute Reversion to "5584 12s. Consols. 2. The Abwolute Reversion to ££183 6s. Sd. Reduced Three per Cents. S. The Absolute Reversion to £710 New Three per Cent. Annuitiec. 4£ Nine£100 Bonds in the Thames and Isis Navigation Company, in fivelots. 5. Fifty£20 Shares in the Equitable Fire Insurance Company, in Aire lots. 6. The valuable Letters Patent for Impeovements in Revolving Shutters. 7. A Freeholda3ouse, in Bridgewater-gardens, Barbicawn. & A valuable Lessebold Property, In Hill-street, Dorset-square. 9. The valuable Letter Patent, granted to Mr. Trail, fox Improvemeont in the Manufacture of Sails. Particulars iay be obtained at the Weart; and at lr. Marsh's offices, 2. Charlotte-row, Masion-house. In Banauptey.-Servioe of Plate and Plated Articles. A[RB MARSH has received instructions from the l Assignees of Messrs. 0. and W. Readea to SELL by AUCTION s tho ebe ?, THS DAY' Rob.'. 7th atlrfor2 precisedy, withou6 the leastrcsarve, tead.EYmalE of PIATE:, consisting of two tea-pots. cofee-pot, two sugar wl tSo creamL bes,e three aravy spoons. 78 table anpd dessert forks and~ sao;z unce ladles, and miscellaneous articles of plate;. four plated entrls dishe and covers, two tea-u rs. forks-and spoons. May be viewed the morning of sale, and catalogues obtained at the Mart ; and at MIr. Maceli's ofices, o Charlotte-row, Capsien-hodse. Commercialdrnad.--mall Leasehold Investmentof £19 per annum. j' .Rn MOORE will SELL by AUCTION, at the hMart, on Thumsday, Feb. I4, at 12, in onelot, TWVO DWELLi UNG OOUaSES ero4sand39,fTarling-streetn St. George's; let toholdtuants, at £9 per annum;- term 37 years, ground rent £6 for the twvo. thhIouse are welldrained andpaved, o sdindperfect repair. bextre inud bedinthe purchase. Particulars of S. Wiohmes,Fn.,lsosalotor 3, Great aKnightsider-street; at the Mart; d at the auctionesa's office. 1ile-end-road. Capital miodern Furniture, Pianofortes, Chimney-glasses, Paintings, Eu;ngra,n1, and numerous Useful and Ornamental 3fsiscellanies. "'SSRS. CHENIAM and SONS rie SELL by -tslive ACnoItN at their Rooms, S3f Obfy TreOt, near the ParRtheon., To-morrowv, at 11 for 12 pncMtually, the capitr l modefn FUo NITw RE: comprisingAsabianr oury-post, and other bedsteads, and beddingeemplets. wingedweardrorbes (one with lookingv-glass panels), Sash-stands, drawrer, dressing tables, cheal and toilet glasses, t e; drawing room, diningbroom, and lbrary chairs, sofasn , couces, and easy cLhairS curtains loo, card, occahonal, and sts of dinig tables, pianofortes of every desciption, chifmey and pier glasses, chelfoiiers, con- soles, cabinets, cons odeeg Bmusssc and other carpets, pedestalar.denclosed sideboards, chandeliers, old French docks audlindelabra, te domestc requisites, chna andv glass, and numerous effects. Mayte vieted on Thursday and morning of sale, and catalogues-had. She very extensive and Valuable Stock of Messrs maoepeaco aMdM Walford. padiSSrS. CHRISTn I and MhnSON respectfslly jl give notice, that they will SELli by AU7CTION, at their great Room, 5, King-street, St. James's, on Mfonday, Februnry 1, and four follow.-ng davs, and onM3fendry, F ebroary 18, and four followiug day5, at1 o'cloCr, Sy order of the Executorsof the late M1r. lfalford, the very extensie and valuable STOCk of macient and mode d P riTe and PATyED iAe TICES of the very bdet manufaeture of 31es Makepeace and al alford, of Sera-street, comprising, nearlyr 20C0l 0 ouces, anl Tonsisting OT magniicent slvers and witers sidebord androseSvater dishesandewers, takards and cps, susperbucandeLabra, candlesticks epergm, urns, andbtea kettles, teaand cofiee eisfpages kstand6, eommunion plato, somp and sauce tureenSL entrbCT and other eishes, pLates, saltesdlary kives, forks, and spoons, and eve1yrequisite fur thetahle in every valietyof pattern, incxl dingrsanasn ne olipi s also the very exteenrie and capital stock of the best modern ShclSde pLsted wuar, compfieing up.rard of a hundred noutre piece2 and table ornaments, and the stock of modern jew eUery and trinkets. May hevi-wed othre days preceding, and catalogues now had. Notice of sale-Bishopsaate, near Wmi7ndsor Great-parkd-To Buildel, Timber .eMershants, Wheelsrightes and othenr of s - ,jrESSRS. CLEVE and UNDERHAY (sclcessors iL d to thi late 3r. Tebbott) have received iuctions from tid e Executrix of the late Mr. Thomas Agar to SELL by AUiCTIOg , npeau the Proemises, on Tuesday ad Wednestayl Feb.12 and 13, at it farnd precisely, the whole of he exceld t seasoned STc CK.'m comarasitag several thousand feet of fir and other quartering, abcut 1,200 oa- gate and fence pots and 1,400 airsof fir and oakrais, left paes, s-easoned .,ak, chestnut, ash, beech, elm. and fir plank. fir and elm boardlnrbeechand elmfeos stocks, and spokes, 20 doren of superior oa4 hrdles, fld gates, ladders, putlogs ladder rounds, stack wood, Gsy and sheep cribs, 20 cros-ct and pit saws, about ii0 socks of charco.a' ando70 bushets of potatoes, :n excelent stronog timber carniage, ce hobs and chains three waggons, four carts barness, and varionstlemaey. To be niewTed and catalogues had upon the premises and at the auctioneers' land and estate agenw ofb ices, Waindsor, nd 9, Jpper em kestreet, Regent's-park. London. N B. Thc unexpired term of lease aef the .exterhnt Premnseastoebedisposed oLif,hich are well suited either for a timber dealer or coru and coal merchant. o sretcham, near Leathirhea-liegant Freehold eesidence tnd seven -&ijESSRS. GREEV (2S Old Bond-street) have rt- ceived instructiAons to s at Gartoway', Feb Wednesday, Feb 27, nt 12 /t not in the mrantime disposed of), the c pitfe FRESE JOLnD RESIDu NCl, s rnovet as Fetcuam Lodge, -most de26ghtfsi sitlate u in the most pictusque Part of Surrey, withia9 amilReand half of Loatherhead where there will shrtlysbc aarapivaysetation, and eive from E:psom. Boen ilt, ahndDoresing. comPaisiec an elegant and spacious villa, w ith shrubbery, lawn, orchard, garden, and meadow, in aLt3even acres and contaiing entramce-haLsf loftydhnrngeroom, twno drawu roomS, mornig room and study, four best bed-chambers, foent otingentrooms, srveirl secondary agnd servante' rooms, domestic ofdtces of every dessription, oach-houses, stab'oig, ie.- house, and all the ahdjuncts o a most Eq udetoa and gentlemanly residence. The excellnt and *vell-adapted frniture may beapur chased by valuation. or it will be sold byauction on the premises The property may be viewed byecards only. Particulars may be Obtained o3f esrs.Ex Cres6e, 3, ffatton-court, Threadneedle-street; at Garra- a's, and of the auctioneers, 2S, Old Bond-street. Re Strahan, Pault andE'ates.-Va'uable Life interest, and Contingent Life Interests in fended and other property, and a Polley of Asruramcein the nitable o 1I[ESSRS. PLElVS and WALL aSe directed to 1 SELbyAITCTIO, attbe.Mart, ona Friday, F3ebruary15, in three lots. LotI. TheLifeI~ntereatof SirJohn DeanPaul, aged5i,iin £Sr,04911s., Reduced 37s'r Cent. Annuities,soda Poecy ofAsuanee iinthe Equilable Life Assu3rance Society for £1l,050, omnthe Lifeof Sir John Dean Paul, subject to an annual premium of £s2410s.6d., wvith aumulationsamountingto£2S0. Lot2. TheontingentLifeinterest of Shr J. D. Paul in the moiety of the smns r of:2,497-is 6d. Rteduced Annuities, and £571 Is. HI. Censos, after payment of a sum of #338lie. from the entirety, wth interest at 5 per ceit, contincenton his surviving a lad'y, in her 1st year, and a Guengleman in his 6T4th year. fot3.' The Reversionary ,ife interest of S-ir. Strahan, aged 4, in a auam of £30,000, invesgted on muortgage of reehold estates, at 4 1scr cent., contingent on his survi ing ins wife, aged0. PrintedVparticwlarh faybe hadoatethemumartbof Messre ai o anc, Plws kndBorer,e i, Old Jed ir-hoambers; of W. t eha . Eaq., officdal assigf e, . Colemanstreet-buildings and of Paessrs. Plws and Wall, auetoneers, land, and estate a7gents, 34, ?oultry, and C.'aphamn-road. .- . .--- FreeholdGronmdEents and large and,n aUal Investments, Bcrmnondsey, Surrey. being the First Portion of the Abbey-house mistate. - SRSR. P'HRIEYS will SELR b3y AMCTSN, at -in. t ianasay's, od TMonday, arch 3, at 12, by order or tho Dcvisee of the late N Ar. -Georgo Stevens, in 16 lots, an ilua EREEH3 OLD GrOtuND EnNt of theiter rDUm,t arising out of eight Donses,- hos, 1Ito 8, RIleY-strebt (nortisendlz: sannluatluc £20 aFreehold Gro ud - Rent of £14 andannump arising ont of emgigtthoses, N likw al6ti.blestreet, adjoimug, anunvaivalue£100; aecapital Freehold PublIc-house -and Tavrn, the Prince of Wales, Riey-street, leased to Messrs. Elliout tndmWadney, the eminent brevwers, at £10 per annum roet. Twdelve Freehold Dwvelling-houses and S hops in Riley-street, annual value £183. The wvhole estato.is new;ly-built weithin the last 16 years. MfaY be viecedyleaveof thoetenants. Plansdandrpartinsato be f SdofMr. Philllps, colleetor to the estate, 166, Bebmondsey-street; of MIr. Joseph miutan, 15, Riley-street, Rnsell-strect Bedrmodsey of Mesr. Frederick atten, sohcitor, 17. Essex-street, Strsnd; of M sr. Thomas Hlumadhreas, soeieitor, 14. East Indider-Lymbemr teadenhall-atret; and of hoeauctioneeriand surs ,r, 61, LIadenhall-shreotx TimChancery-" Gongh '. IsHnting,"a" winting.va Goughl -To Piano- forte and Cabinetmakrs, Proprietors of Swruvis, and othen-The valuable Patent Right for Cutting (in lleu of sawiing) Veneers, where by fullydouble the number of veneersof an equal thickness are obta*ined -from tihe log than are obtained from tho use of the saw ,- together wbithalltheyPatet Machinery, Steam EnGirnd Boiler, an Gear for making the same. asalso the lease of the Premises. In. .PRICE and CLAR R ill SELL by 1 eCT the Prem5lses, knon asthe Canal Bridge-whar,t iDthe Kingeland-road TEIIS DAY, Feb. 7, atl2 foal, by order of th e Rightifon. the Mastrf theltolls, the Queen's ROYAL LPPEP.3 PATENT granted to liY.L Gough and another for ets P .OlalemtiIE intro MANFACTR of VENEEERS. and in Machincryand Anpaarain connected therewith, dated Oct. 26,18363 being one of the moit genious and inpOrtant inventions of modemotmes, pltusvaluable for its vast economy of material and ureHuction as for the beauty andexpedition-of itsopeti At the sametio will be soldseveral tirouand ftee. oflife-cutTeneers,a dog cartnan bon adeondr effects. Thev;hole maybe vivsed, andparticulars hadPoftr. Sydney D, wamiltenrolleitora2 King's-r2,b Bedford-row of Messes. erminder and Evre. solletors, 1, .ohn-stsod Bedford-row;: of Mfessrs. nght and Udab', solEicors, Newusatle-unser-Lyuo; aBt thepisosof sale; and This Eveuing.p7lo. 63. Blshopsgste aithin.-Yaluable Oill Paintings and Water-colourDrawiings, dune P?roof Engravings, framned and siframedl, noble Chimney and Other Glasses, Girandalels, Droure-, Drawing Room Ornaments, to SOUTHGATE and - .BARR3El! .will SELL; by ;s AJanot onthe Premises, 63, Pishopsgato wgihan, TEIS EVENIG and To-morrow, sat S most punctually, the STOCK-eot the late Mfesosra Moors and- CO., by order of Mfr. Mushby, who haJsucceededto theobusiness. andvpreviounin extensive alteration; com- rising a -valuable collection of ancient and modemr pictures, ameag vhich wvill bo found-W;oodcutters inAluwicle-park, byJ. Peel,a grand wvork of art (exh'ibited in 1819); Hinf-an-}our before Sunset. a, finoe scecimenL, byJ. hogford (exhibitedmin18Sl; St.- Agatha, by Carlo Dlci, from the collectionl of G. Bond, Esq., Macy*llgdalene at thO Sepulchre, by llolt; and s-pecimens by Ilanhy Bright Fasemere , Batemuan Sopor Parker Buchanans Bmigo Roberts La Porte W. S. Eoeo Correggio. Choice wrater-colony drawrings, hy eminent artists; jn exesve arsrmost of fins proof engravings,ftramed and unfraned- noblechimneayg2aesof all dmiesons.in.rodornxaredgitframes . elegantegan. doles, cbs-sal and dresng dlss. gilt braekeis ^nd 11ower stand, bronzes, and drawing rooma orn aments, a larg selestion of gilt, inaple, ro.swoe crred Oak, bead and ether frame;, aad amoeros o-ther viOffil, lod t&lo0siea hId, Piodfl.F oral-oWRi most desiTably situate, beirg No.95 in thepreferable Dpat of: Picaily factng th. rena- Co landing extensive and delghtful view. over, the Surrey hbils'au'l aurrundiug country. - MF-SRS - ARTBROIEMCLARK, and LYE wei alnstrctedsthe FropreorfSELL., at Gsaraway's, on Weded "VFs~? at 12,- the LEASE (With P O 5OnlD -or the capital PA.EsNwF,o.es Piccadilly upon. whic a onsderblesurn. of money has latey.beun juaLicoualy expnde, rndeingthesame replete with elegance comsfort, and conenince an sutedfor the immediate occupatuon of a gentir. man' faily.Theruidnceis of handsomne modem elarvatior, wit potic etrace ndcontains nmarerouspritnclpalandssrondsrybedchaber, dessngrooms, and bath rooms, elegat raceptiois room fiishd I 'witeand gold, anti room leadinS to a censervatry noleandloty inngroom, breakfast and morning rOm,. libary biliad rom,wit exellntdomestic offices on th's base-. Hrlent;heet.y lasen fL em f0 earseromd Esdtuatecnsein 15', ataground ret.d labv ete by ticetseol, a'which p ith pnnuic lam ma b ha -fMess AREboh CLARk,adKy, sLsn LYE- place, trnds atmceted als o theorge SmthLLq. abiytr A uCTsMapon-bWldinegs, Fehance-any1,at anI t Garraway's. t oheL -TbE o Harl~ ~ ~ ~~ alw.SD rrey-street, C5eia.qss. eaeodr.ue,cn itingeta diq-reQ,ujwtlh eoacla-naouse and gtealing, and preraises at' t-he ra.Tersdence is substantially built and hass extensive acoommorlaionisltoneaafor, 1,er2iyars atthe rent of X250 per D)urhein-street, Portiand ae-ogLaeodEstates tsr Inivest- 'M,rESSRS. FAREBROTHEE CLxARK, Aan LYE are Instruced by the lropietor to SEL by AVCTMON, at Garraways, on WVednesday', e'b. 13, at 121, tho long LEASE of a FAMtLYItESDENCE, 15, Duchess-street, Portland-place recently and substantially erected, ormamentally stuess~ed. fronit, and with the extmadoor of bedrooms, let on lease Tog maiot reneetable tenant, at el7O per annum. and ishold under the Duke of 1ortland for aln term ofW~at aground rent. Maybe viewed,by cards, to.be hdo Messrs. Faebrother, Clark, ancl 140, 0, LTincaster itso Strand,, of whom also particular may be hiad; and of Messrs. liu1rgoyues, Clark, and Milnes solicItors, 1I0, Oxford-street: andl at Garraway's. Vlmpole-stroet, 0axendish-se.,nc-Leaeoi taeso.netee consisting oftwo caita Tanil Reiecs,oeihPo~~n 1IESSR.S. FAREBROTHER, LARIK~,Eid LY IV.are instructed by the-aPr deters to SELL by AUCl' at Ga,rrawsq's, on Weda F eb-nary 13.. at 12, in,to-os TWO prvate RESMDEN &,. being lios. 18 and 26, ipositreet, avendish-square. of unifarm, and handsome elevtos e cently modernised and put into substantial and deceaierpl each havring coach-houses and Etabling in the rear. Nqo. 18Ise n lease for 21 years, at the yearly rent of £200. Immediate possession canbehadof No.26. The aboveareheldunderthelDukeofportlaeid for the unexpired termof 40years,atgroud rents. May bo-riewedby cards, to be obtained of Mlessrs. Tarebrother; Clark, and Lye, 0, Lancaster-place, Strand, of whom also particulars,may bo hiad; and of Mtessmg Burgonynes, Clark, and Mines, sollcitois 160, Oxferd-trsect; and at GarrawWay. Valuable long Leasehold Estates, for:Ivatst stuaeilanfc street. Fortland-place RESSRS. FAREBROTHEE R CLAARK, and ~LYE a-re lnstrnetedby tholProprietor to SR,~L, at GariawWay. oeiWedneaday, Feb.I13, atl2,in three lot (unlessapreviOnslydisoosedof by psi. vtet contrAct,) valuable LEASEHOLD ESTATES consisting of thrcee muperiorand substantiallybnlltresidlences 14 17,3ndiS, Mnnsfieldl-etreee Plortland-plce of handsameelevation,w1i9hptieo entranogs,tucd fronts, and the extra lloor of bed rooms, PTae residences are let on lease, orFit14, oru21 years,itu ihyrespedtctable thenants, Atppo ren,ts sintaberref No Wym-dth untreet ifalode-siredt, Tihey aMre_el under thebDukryet1 ofPortin for long Terms of year atoveround, ren- stine pofperty ayblee barytiarfie-mtion beeharo Mensrs.barebabint-e, Clarkeand iLye, 0, Lanastr-pglacs e, Strsn, of. wh;en, altourarticpar. may b had or essr. Bugoyns, Cark PaindtIines, poirintes, 1two Oxford-sired: and athambeGrerrawtes'an Pimtco.-ittiga-u, Frnitre, nd,Sockfixthre,Pine Appe Psblic- iwt 40.FURER wll ELL lay AUCTION, on row e li, nTusa, February 8,122 o , h ONET of the abe Houbse.con-j bistin ofWcapItalHerUfiting, frive-mtionbeer, engiene,taroabn,etto store anoperdiat casks,r bannr,gas pwe.ctheldfra nxie fnture of p3yar--, lanes, cffedeandf4 club preams,chm aney-glass meholpaintins,rints,e ta bhogatl beards,bo6 s,io ae,Iteusacab r rquiteand rien ut ensils, wnnith heldholerof ther housefitures,t n d rtestock ons~ istin ofzh porer, ale,stut, spiit,-cril, -a-be viewed, adpmwshdo H.And s cataogue had Iinoln'pm-i t the premses and at the auctinofie,i tiong-teet,ofic. 4 Meenergeto-stret, iehdu9 Fdritstig,FrniturAe,and of Chaneery14in & e, ofebruar Judg ato 12orse the A s-apitad a-itnsea-o cOunER,TSixmoind RBeer machie, bart cabnet bnniaig cnluboom, an alu untr,bdremsilie,tewoef4 exelen house itLDes gaus-ettns, siteele ofales C and numernoa effRents, Mayb viewede oun yaturitayd se ale, ane poettyaletigue a on th premlig-oses, andatth letius anill tbm o Courent,eGaces-inn awUn-hue an.8 Con 0Les, CindWawic-to - leaseholdth terants,Cand partowuar and atuthecharkeby odrof Air he13 Waler,sololtr,13,St.SwExiecute,ors -Mes . nng alr and BRT andn, oictrOBY wtkeh ill SELLotbuy ;aud(aYthONm tinetters omart, Xon Tesdy,Febrarc1, atd 12 Aaastc, Adelbstnl.? buil 9W Lwingto-crUe.-n, 23enArington-sre,Cmdntw,lt 1. capt alHound hoen of3is.pranntum; antwleshldabnrs(nd Judge'sOS.Gergr-rad ouhwr, rouinr p nter annum elds foraieToorm owf 2 ers,aty atloprere.sly of' capis.tach pOUErHOLD MayUbeNITUEwd and pFE&a,tcomprisiham, H,l Avis mahi-,5.Lnychairs-andncouces,da; tt 3iMast andmatoke sunotioeortablfesa, 2uselsarort-tsrasenderasan. damnsstreT,oAdurtai,, fou-pstCh,ancere.-TbedsOLad, pursuant to a Deceedfth ighaCoued rofm Chnery, sitea caue "rtmr.Wki with the boefthhapprobgen. ofenehal reudgesto whos ane Cutthmicalouseiso attchped,scsasa es IoxBofthe andcoerOBY5, Watin-treeat, nTedy ebosy2 t FoJtpensmegtonfi the. ouontya ofridlsex late dthepr&Wopetyo I Haue-Re',%lateof espexn-arteove halRaensing tton E on.dce-d;n sistingofadelling-houese,wthchaise-houseo andestables,No.d14 ToNs 0 n 1 Broeswer-goes rmtn,Myb iwdb leveOfteeNat, andth particularswehad at th,?ae,hambors ofe3fr. n7s'radbidersolctonrensay. era 13, Statthnsla-o - hests FMEDng NayAorT andRobis soiitors, a oehueyA,Ltby n atd therse tiueR'OBiEs 2SEoogtLsLet,ad9 dam-tre bde-pRoom-% No.9, eainten-crelcnt oKnngondrad,-TFeb. s-o, at 1 . o 2pe capitao,lHousehold, -Furnitor and Efficytals.ne ca billeftale ande sodeiof mhglanysaisadsoes, dinings,seof11,1 talbar, pembroke, wrtng ohrtables, Brusselsanote carpets, Arabifendr and irons,het of curtains, for-oth aednd, Farenchbedtas, whetho claean bedsistl and bddingsandgbe aroomendktce requisites ;o'thrwt The whalge of thw hll,u litcr. eanbd' generalonrequiste. ie, and catalogueshoahd pems.,aaloe Hye,Mddes Learste, withal Railway Sotati~o ar- MThAOT the o esImL-AbPor"eNrftbf Asigl e o W Febary4. t Iun400U.00 bhertASTEJ Btof anosexcellenent d- beseto-avr, twlagwo tk laetlady i ni maddnufactuer, thfantiy )ueinl enind butIOO0mr th brColeacldstreet teacine' fies 5 o ra-tet *,- To Brewes, PlantEro em, andothrons. restet liAER. CHAPEELL andStrute to SELL by AUC.L..TION, at thei CtaomneBrcwea y Bath- pos lac, nearrthegdoen-steredbidg oe, don Weresay Folbrn.a T13,Y emay7 at 12, teor E1PAN anpdorTEndil nllTRadeHUEHOmpLsn aURsIx-baREl copper,iquor and wedstepums, colers, eteressiabenn, gi back,rbefrgrtorws.iroan-s boun divats go api talr maltM mrlls,iat soundn cgaskses(from bttVe ctpn six-olmotionfee moem" cooungr sundr bari dtingood bindont 2p aivtig ofndsinints, May elegvewed rythe daypriora candeinr,orinofsaery glas% )dceatlogensmylshdo thge premtitouses,landof the ,toor 2,e City-ol Foterc, City-oze hmad.n.e, The p'slemsherry,ills ialsrIg toap L onfc fodrnitFurcnsisture,g very excellentearehofl4 tonsiburden, an other cview, moem-rorad FU mTU omprising We soas, caloguces, hais, andth eaosy adit,lo card,h uccaional,an ofancys ttabeocbnguets cie andupier glaseeal sdeboarhds,st ofml Isdinng ,tables,tabook-s,Owritin tbles,utiruls eandoteGrouc%arpets,rban MandoFrench -bedteads wtbedn,wardrnobes, chestsoft drawrsbain tndn tables tode-glases an bed hambe furntur, chi, glsst lae artil-Ees,tand ofttheseqlste-. The barg iswnow Flyiga r.P h' ways, Bealy idrte-proid g ambeth,a whereptmay esentl tesle a beMvitewedonSturdayt, and leantaloges had winthsnrcporicy.To valuhepiniabl e ease,thpossinoftseuero andidecemmarupndan ePremsisemes, .2, Lndgate-te, apdfo whonolesalesorgrentalebusness. 0yTe T3mmunScteOaespal and loRft, are EL b elegiH. Blacer,'a( on thePrmies byerdruftheAsinfsuflr andatry w,lo ingthefmenyt ofmte Morggeo hrdy Fiewsofr4 ath ipncturstnadallyitedLEseenehoer xdy eiUSN PRabeIsESn beingoo No.2ce, Lwdith-et upn hihagoDgsm a Suffolk.-Valuable Freehold Farms and Lands, in the parishes of Stutten, about sixnmes ftroIpswich, adKettleburgbi, near Fsam-. lingham; also Cottages in the parishes of Great Wecnhaan and East hsthe honou nniounce that at he rea WhteHomse Hotel, Ipswith, en Tuesday, March 18,tli th afemon;petielyinlotg,the follown ery-valdableand desiablePROER'g s-Lt 1will comrprise theManor of Stutton andals th StttO-halri.'ncontaining about 2llatres of excUenles arabe ad pstue lnd,in teoccupation: of Mr. -George Stanford. Lot wil cin cas th QuechFarm, estiasg,bfI, lEtaces of excelen arbleandpasurelanud, in the oecipation of NU. -Joseph Calt Lot3 'ill omprse very excellent Close of Mieadow Liand calltBrldgMaado, cotainn autace,in:thaoCccpatlion oif Mr.GergeStnfrd,Thse ot ieinarng ene,and together fotma well as the picturesque scenewhol of the Ser twl,i h is StaIonHai etat Isfrehod, ot ,-sllcomprise the Rettieburgh - Frm,abot treemies from PranaliLghnurn, withl every good farmhaue, ndallneessrybuldilgs ad cotaining abont2oi acres of vcrygo,'drableandpstore la, lyinginring c.euse in the . u holdof~~ Greenard,bout sight acresof thislotarelOtcfy Cottage, with aPiec of patruad nhlaish of Great Wearnha, containin altogether abu n ceada hlf in- thoe- oczzupationof William bbot atad RbrChecn.lotS will o,hpri5e an excellent Doube Cotag, wih apiec of astre lnd,situlate in'" the parish of. Eas Beghos, ont~'tagltoethrabnt warOOd4,in the-OCCUDRti of wdow sakll ad Wlliao My. Tis ot oPyholdofinheritan,Z I ton to Messrs. Bus-ken Z5rollei,ozz, 1,G itt- 1W .'JOH DAWSON harecelvea, ly, abafts each of £50D, a well-secure1_ freehol lnflttneqnt, the I lividendsa pad hf-Yearl. -VVt4An ocC"ssiem bal bo, 19 ha.res xlso ~sah~-l~ fr asea atthe Board. Printed tproienar, wt cn .'itieao, al.=ma"b obtalnedIof Me=&r. Bristow andarat Blond-court Wanhrok,Wohl-or atteMrt n t i.Jh Bawaon?s land and aucieOM-%srboogabrs~~,~ and Xngston. Eghm.hll Surey-AFreehold Residence and Grounds, in the heart tifulsteiity f WidsosGreat-P " wtr &C.-'With peh I sen aces y rliayros Sams,no withi,n a few lninutoei waglk- of he ghan Satin,lntendledtobe opened before Aarotpitaeoss ~Taeelsu the Hod EP~Eemt,cnssigo ad forogchambdren, a 9 f aalsb l *Cart, Cows, Pigs poultry;odthyfes (thegnieprnryo *a gentlemanr removuln), tehuehaving tobeieialytkn dswn-for the constructienof the rails-sy R.-JOHN DAWSON is 1nstructed to SELL by AUCOTION,. on the Premises on Tu,esda, alnd Wctlueaday. Feb; 12 aud`12, at 11 each,day, the excellent mnodern pURN.ITUIM.an .GtheIMOEEETYa6sbefore advertiniN Tehx sritr cows, &o.wilt e seldLonthe Wednesday. Tobo veweely ordjersonly on Saturday, the-9thinst; and pmblli on11a.I, wheb n cataand landloffices Marlbosoughs-chambere 49 Paii-maitL ' ValubleAdvoeenand Next Prsnainti h iaaeof-rcabus eatitl prt f to cunt ofWoeests-,and in the diocese of ?erefra.Th iscu 8be t se thear. y o isae :odtons Ofe matyh MEeot,o Thurday, Fi miy21 aI anls Woracest£r00- refori:nad,-wt a modenrsdne fihea comf Tort.etrete abuthw jark ago,i astyl n taco qa Tbhevewsnerableancumbnt ausin hs9t er rne atcli,w; Fall1-nall. Gre Vtfrb G. HAM~~ han received istructions mhExecutrix and Dersee under theWil of telate3fr. J.Troel1,to SLLbyAUCTION, at the Mart. on Wednes, reb90, stIl,a omac bis-built FREEHOLD D)VELLflaG.HOuJSE, with "ades &o., known as No. 7, Green-laise. (formerly Royal-hill. Green- wih ent. moderately estimated to produce a net rental of £12 lper annum. Particulars on the presnises; at the Mfart; of Meossrs. Newton, Evans, and NewtDn, solicitors, 1, Wardrobe-place, Doctore-commons; and at Mr. Debeubam's auction and estaetoofies.50, Chcapside. Wadwrhra.Yjieogesbl Investment. F.G. DEBENEHAI will SELL by AUCTIONT, aP1;tte Mart, on Wednesday. February 20, at 12, in one lot, THREE brick-built I)WELLING-HOUSEs. aeah conitaining e ight SOomsUwTE goodSON gad nsbac adefrot, kown a Nor, 73,1in and t9o -Touthvi-bilts adHOUth-oad wihesldor upownlase o Cottagero90yea fromJun, 157, ta goen ren of£2 er unnu, and5 let togrsanc- Keahr eenetowsm--eerl e to ap net3Renal 2 per aniunan. - SRFEA. DIANHwAMi S il SEL byT N,aUt TION, tE6 he art nWedrConhodayn Fuersdasy2,a tcbei12 AsoluNew-on hevdrupon lea0 Dse orlOvar forpomitive se byodro h IMnof prtgaunes, andseth theocmTeRllns, rof-h ortg olage or. Styears, t et entaWlofslmaAuerannum,d touenant payinguallutostaes, incluing swers Cte, tayge Piewed,rand patclasota.do stree nd at Mr. Debdenroams Sut.iohnwand. esate A,Fe.7 Cheapside.OLD URNTUR, o offices.. 5a0 Tlmhree nTeasml extesie S,todun rhage£of ar bperhanduer. SP]R.EDARD' il SUMELL by AUCTIOL b AtC awaO', Change-alley.iCorul Non 3 Tuesday,tFebuase, L12, atu1e, TH-mrEEobnk-biday, HOUSES,e th conainng irfor omsech,wls onaood nteeklthena atmb£73o los, theranm SarXinhl foRA48 oefr uxCHANeDLEatamondeste gro oounrrn.. ab viFewed by rleave,s~ od lar ticlar an codiion ofsal otaied f T Dodltaeq sofictor,s dMtnarms, Mlans ield-tret zlend fof Saibr.,S1earman Blandod agnt,d5 Mhisuy ortggesetd. ath the comonureince ofdte,Mortse. S%1 R.S. EA ANNENasreceivoued twt instructionstosb mit to COLLby AUTION, on Monday', FCbtrybill, ont tewStar Feb.e2, at12 hordinbrSOLU tE3i RheVafemSoonujc to suhc_ dCeiost, sanditgen thl e namduedu of peiusydsse fbyrv ontedcaeof agchdentloeman aged5 givenr, Particulaers, dsir,ayl oabehdoft 435~dd acrs frlj, assowint by. the Marea-treet,t cty;tat thon ap.l nealyngton-; Gswhihare's iand bl'.paboian,3 suveorn, a5, sist,jolfstwo god.-Welarlourshacl,tmed z HoueholdFanitc., and-otav wae. Te garDI ax alULEdYu iststfllySL byi ot,andC-a tLult faresomepieai toed, Johmgs-oolery.TS DheArY, Fels,7 fenerals,btnta adfr-ons, se a ofG12statesog eair,and,sfs couchiesa easy blarns, mah-ogs,sabyepedestal sidsebor, ceof exendiwagng-frame dining tablesy, cimey-glasses suitesnofcu, stabl o ixnhores-mande two aoddars roottsuite,Tsweet tones6r-octame cottage pinoforte, excellent ebam hansrfurnthe, twopriletortnywrcasrdr cean acceommotedaeslstedlRhpse catalnDnogueshldtion Lutnepusoffces, 67I. Cfhaneury-lanemon The stmehois.,T boextensiv SthekinpTrade of a Shi Chandlkear-, Ey~re oo Esq.,and w LUMLo go ll prideshooting aUChar hun ting ond the Premtonises Nealt 3, Wellingd,ton-placds limohoue,lito-morrgowd(Frkesaiday),lsneanr,h th, patks1o foxh2ounds, and ton counf o thzes numb tero legbubots, thedSitCinTRADtloOauSHIP CHsancLeR,f conawasistin foours, adryerhms,paints, romis,oirne, piu,tcheannta,rsn wabteti19p cetof chotordaE, ngveald.boltsofgcahesr itogrethernth al larg assortmenity for ivstoresnlnteornsvasisg tarumets, ompass tes lnaies. partcuilanlysaucean s,pouttis, shoves walls, Nsh to,an fa gnral ofstte arndmfonclinedelgtherield thets,hopfxues nol utensi in trades fewaloa' o content eld furtni tue end atimetyo efcs,Mybe -viewetatbpod,stand 'Caitalogues fad tmr fortaley' fi,es, 67, hanery-ttlanouers. tae,adnaI1 ceo Marblilnd, ishire,teight MV. h paarishfrom 1.rtirx Bandlr ane D t m Sh bftrena, Dors-et, and isi from Fodr LTe ogoide.MEasq. o w lhivTesSgeS. nANE atqrentfavoraured wTheinstruteon be LeetonEL bypliaUtiON, on Mtonday. thefabouasye1 atnth Star dthrinonsmasthen willbe f rdced.ul pos reviousy disatoneo bypingrate ioutneer, of which adu notie willts.be origive,rllhagerydsial FREEOLD STAT, mowe nd thedi bstridMaoFr,eositn ofaecelerasdtosbito pulanica shOwn byThOxMarti tthe commuand - tIrnmp, ntBearly40 of whicda, h ae2lambl e, bouty 30a down, and Isaftergood,abu sie,bulotsi mos uvesaubstantiawlemanner, andcOnsissdo twEOLgoDpalus A ball, Pantury.Wae Melaro, Ac, andfour goodred rof oms.e ADefrtahed iplrgserhrathonof waellsppled wi thelt wate omr,sethe corm,partl welld-n inual tasefully laidtat, cand neara therestigofaregome fane elmuses,tfeormingaroery, utheiis farmabuilint ham,rickhoue, sablefor0lsosm,cw.pns, g.1-hEstae, contaru, piggry. c. :alsadow bar, stblefor ix8srResran tof aableue' band oftheprorieor he urese cabeaccmmdated rwithpea-es sesson o oepleionfth puchas, H lftespurcaslemoneyM cmay remai on mrtgag at fur pe cent for ouryas,ifnreqxced.en two of arters unt theneighborhood, nd itpi wihi anseasy distace o tworailwystions and few ours drge,faom thue x- wou 1 ld wish itrto farm riliow esae,adifincli ne te feldr thsahitie willber Sold ane haw eyhlEsee cinoonsitino acorne' fohtanodwelIIEginhose, &c.orsncta-,s nnaly2arso aR -.c ea, siuaeDatPd CAit, inhparshofMaTeis aindlserutionth toergd4 ad4,a BEuity reMnt Tmof4.prroann aum.ayThe estat may9 beviwe 12 on eachliat tythepFeTs of a -the faov-heusden aday fur-'o 'thePrinopriatiorwil Theforesdncasedbpest fre,uympishetiongaessagmaDo TlttoiT ons, s,up o olittor bed-roomsdcomrAraboanMessr. H wnithu tih es aur, n saeaet, vatnodngrd H'lings ande-Fbedhding,dLeoneditto sates,inotespbwith plot Brca- tale%,ertaisB Sx_. THoN E rNg areaoum,ed wthseuWfunse insrcos 3lnurom tDherDevn ichseeofMcavelveRookine, ateo -caimao c0deqef donerese, wthsbi plto iasblic ,COadUMFHII catinth,nbe. at- and Bl aces of coppicmTe LD fiinoorthpresefrsauiohnraf game ne ofar-wthelt wiufel bacomprise theoompct andoaubleFre eboard,Estateealedgon PaaC. consistngofar ga ood - faniIsue, thearinry uc. Tebuiias, eerandabu - WoDdnesborough, near Sanmdwich,Ket l R.HICKS is instructed by the Trusteesulnder t-he WPills of Thornsg and W-iimn Morn Harvey. Berus, to offer for SALFtby publIcAUCTIOX,'at the Bel l n, Sandwich, onWedbes. day,thellthday of February, atl for2intheafternooutprecisgl,in three lots,~ the following valuable F IEOD and LIAEHLD FSTATES and RENT CHAR.GES :-Lot 1. A Leaseheld Estate, known asWoodnesborongh Parsonage, cmPrising tha Mtknerof Woodnesborough, with the chief rents, reliefs, court baron, and ianmunities anid the exteuth-e, convenient, and substantial maegguage or man. sion-laouse,.domsstis offices,gardens,la,wns cpital ordhards, paIous 'farm _rd stack yard,excellent barns,det=cacl co, Lcah-honses,atas!lng, and e-r,neCmss3Yalgrics,tu.£outbufifldis, togetherwith-theglebe lands,-constalaing (according to the tithe mapl ISa, Sr. l7p ; also the rectoriaththesbelon gingtotbeparsonage,exdteango0er2,. '3r.21p., withan theparish, wffir hve- been v?mmnuted into an sannualseMt cbargeof£,61s.St,paal sl-ervMoltofArlaaito October - also a substantial freeholdi oist- onso, bop chambers, and sevesaipleces of freehold land. adloinan the pasnage,and which havebhees-formanny yearspastused with i, containing (accrding to theiteaap, icldig he it o te bilins,lSa 2. p.The man-or is- co-extensive with the parish, and thae annual quit rents received at the court baron amounts to about:f £G s, id.,- exclusive of suite of coutrtreliefs, royalties sand hnamuuitles The parsosage and rent charge are heistmuder the enstunuay loame from the Deain and -Chapter of Rochester, fos-s terms of 21 years from 24th June Iaste, at an annual rentof £35 and £445l. 4d. for redeemed land-tax. Ifbe riekt, of presentation to the church is reserved to the lessors. lit 2 Tbe Freod tand smnall Tithesarsn from sundry Ian_da5j1 the annorod1gleton,inthe parish of oonebrogwInchbaay0been commuted into an annual rent cbaeof£91s Id,psyable~Iialf_ yearly on 1t April and letOctober. Tantslot is subec to) a fee-fI*m rent ofM£3 O.S, per annum, reduced under the Land Tax Acts tf £2 14st5d,, lia-able to the Dean and Chapter of Rochee-ter. LotS, Two Pieaes of rich Frzeehold ArableI.and, called Beacn-bin, contain-. -ing acordiUng to the tithe map 3ia, Or. 24i'. or thereabouts, in the paripsh of Wodnsbscngb Thelan-taxan hislot has bisen bsdeeaajrd Fortess-tcrrawo west, Junattln-oad; can -nLl& rs Bdies, adotbers.. 4ESS-RS. KENNEDY and BONNY wM SEy1Lb LY.AUCFIONK, at the Rted CGai Camden-towMvaT¶HlSDAZ'e.I a.t 12fos L (together with other ty.) ECRArXAtSSESe. ioomoed HOUSES, being Mas. ?1,*3.1! 4.nd -5. ot-eraswagt1. sztaed roofs, - lean gutters -weu-timbubred. aid drained,, maxone aw- Pliaees wok contte in front0pa6tentbrick hrots,with Portlaz& moet drm.s- r -in a most elgible 1utau.eer bandin a lin arewof jiSligae, uirpueKan,Jid elaghbowtzt herghs. Te wor, asfar naisi done isoo well. There vtill bes. ae)~ateInsne ranel rw each house., for 97 years, Arm ChilstsoaL les, aa roud rntof £8 each house. direct from the freeholder. luri tux rdeeeiLMay be -unwed at any- time. -2harhe par. ticuarsandcoolito,,f sle to be had at the aodtieneeira'o8es, 'I. Bayam-eree,nd D,Conowall-cregcen5 Camden-town. Wotice-. Kenned and B rsmwilaso el. at the nati. nae HOUSES iltufi giAbein beingo 7 aan 8.Frce.eree n. tionrofrad. aerUid.towma cowtllng-boea-.abnI ro0,Prsostet Xandfl-i-ed;walsgodgardensab Lea.tlae_oli Dellit-orieblgl7 vLybofrn-radp,e Rampted-rohate hil;bedud dietfo thKefreeh4older,or Inhe tmentf9 years Oceupao Ito SRS.m KentNNEDYlhom andBnua Y value SELL _ to-sret,ION mzat hdedCp Camdebton-tcown ndTHiS A F HOUSESouseitugatdeadbeindmides. 7 asde o traee~Jn. tionroamdrentofX55tow, containing ec in ons,wl arnt at dlntsbed, wirthe good g lades; siuto xeln,cand u r- diethmthoscnem ofreesldr fo t-~xhe terra 0! , earslnxlednbe toa grnoun iTof C£r5 erh housle: annua oalue 0;adxrdeemd.-Awlso atsmall Dellinghue, atvean eLN,0Pesteyo,-streed. Hatmcri-ead, es-town, Totin six tos and oter ws-hue, AICThO atdu th' eld under leasde l totieTemofea DA, a aebrundroenthef w rdcig2 pranm.Mybhvev ther goht oneeupioffictes, Tiahai.trr-aed and t 0, aomwal1-ersofnt" andBonuy will S~~ ~~~~ell, at the same time,-ieCrass meettsa~ heybo a.rne-road3, Leoesteadr EW-oSml- CNItatt nd oThursda I.chld InTeFIe?t, At 7o-trci the e Cp Cmdnton Tof DAkti Febp7.oeethe rwihold e rier enoa.wc Sand i'sral ThesLtre ItorA Dru1iiestaudein anxIceoter oM SEtLL byeas aWTagound ret ofa Ma5t To-monnu stidurteen cuied-btbe at 12dor,-anrd of- the aboua vaneqtoe F.of lQ and plac, two wnelo-ully advertoldRou Printedn 7pandr,trcoewsbt metan esath Jciron-ce.Xrood ala saldire citsy. o-0Q re~ hAd latnte auctityoneers' oflde oli Bayh%am-terniare, atwob Coutwall crescnt, amdentow. 11ad- Befr-r, -vugkre,Wl W U ~ ~ ~ ~~~b AUCTION tteMrN nFia. e.2.a a2 fo 1 -in Iiolot. te Galoe tOer-ig uae TKHISD EVESING,S THOUSES Feb.hlai, att Ilarge hprands leitins to r-ld and pucultbenfarisem atewelZ icru, warin apparel, boot aucinder sofes, 4 boxe Chfelgyam,e.O i iomprrov-AbleCyoldt PSoperTo, Shipeton;rerteal'r'oysehrntMela Thateoylnt, Drury-lanee. - r-an oter T. llS.wl SELT fi L by A UCIIN~a heMr.TIO-mimat tFriayltls 8t Int..at- 11-oritreiel,the T bo-7erentooneda PMO obutaione at ibrcles, 44 , LolbdBsradetree a Y IbSSRay-T BuideS,TEcRtos and SOthenfrs.mZt0e pieces Pbatterhni t VIEW Sold toe EFFS-ri advancle o mone. Wim 'k consisEing PRIESct s anionaents ctedtod SEng bisEft etcelentontinent,aGnd Gmrs coping te tlegantofdraewinghmo ds'adled mowitto all in viewatthe aeriey. 4 rl- . -H A AThmlargequbntity o goo old swoli mahlovgdanysfunTure, tor Cu t-gl& Rchaondeilibersn Mof cnday, Febratiin andote zevenlatteeowtg a. M . H FO-outSTleR wongLeSELLbovdUCTmO! tbSSRooS. B1,OfOKSad-sreB,EAr hoosmavereeivHedAy dinng aiies,12 turero ceaiers i moeroccor,a lare uantf ofhome hair matndeses,goe atatheir bOeds no5 edn, cAi ,Ajdrspets,ado-betcontents f a largehouse.-No ontvnew FreehfolProperty, NroadwI amnd 8 kle.adorbu Col enlardp SCTHEM w SLLbyACTONNate eahRaomsnga Oladgsop,ndlet: toodadpntal tnatsat£Ssn andpartruarsandnouitins f sle ado,J.pienker. Faqi,-Sytnood' SmITH an zwing sLLby AUCsTIO, the -Auctio ofies 48, Lombard-street 1CallbaiyPbicJiofntesEfcso thelate Mr.illiam rest&C y of 54ec, Stand.aaonehd lindoeS Modem FOSntue remondSO frform the pubbic0ta6 Maorrs, rcnrsistingw drozjetnd ofrWneaentscsoellected drin hM ies-rs timeLOnCtheacothinent, andcomprised1 3inthe catlogue o lon Satgxl. das aex, wil beoU iwa.h alr, 4 alml,TI A CTusat ebrhuaury?, andtoufolloing daes, from C10 ton. TIs sutionSwil b x on onday, February ,an evenary9ollor3ingay prSunda excepteda.,Cataloguestma4bload s. at h-4 almall stackSRS BROxd emha,aoKS landsBEA a aere~e Salmons-latine.an farom theaostacke tof Sneri CIO tte aboous 208 Piccs,adty Tpond Thurody Fheb cm tZ h ES~le yars, tack oundrent of£0pennu of0nisedlt RoSE,berLingey., t lrdilahehat r aybihex~sva T'ris:vntd suero mandoles Fntu iwmaybre obtinedofort ShloGTeigoouti, Deon; and of the auctp ioneers,o 2Ch icadlly MpNatet.wnedWS,atdrhefiltRoam ,c LtleanBretain, Aldcrrgate-t cuiity,. To-morrow. acollectIi,byonle oftheTosetures,'n. thoue Itauarscoos, cabietd)Inofote rmoe frm ov-an, i. AandGrenIch): atmteirgreabthr Roemsed11ata,bes nd b-.1 serddin,, cHeSto drawer, wardr obs shet ofgood chaiU,sets. coRnchs Inin andsueror tables,comptris, eins,a mrais,canisjters pman walnu adol,mitoiselnrsewouslarticles. Ondveh dayinprevioues andSmoninsho sal Caaogues mayble bangdwatdroe,mos.de! -&Td hfoie ertle Pokae,s-res he ianofortes y radod,Cllr a-nndtolad Woeum, tai-rkt at 1 ore0s upwardslof4 niewr"o landmecond-hanofd PaNOFkI curtans trawo eodr Coululards,bandolheomk,inetal-ers, icalnwt fdining =lent ochetavle rseo grsoand byaBradwoDol, andL ah plendi gla oubr-actt barhyRard hamonumsyAlranre,kc.; asoPa variety of3 oted- Acataonesbadaat eth'lmedrooms,an for the Sauctioners 70, Moitimer.t Jcireeer Chiavendgisusial-squaetm.ar otl aEoffPicturs and6m evrywlWebodnesrn Ahrtsts, thorist nalityS. ONE whcanllBeUarNtedHAMtbegiourchquain, thA. e oUtg.nry OB SOs extctr,tae aLE. wu-ill teeaUi tJheL pAucetihis Rooms , 21, OldB1. eondstersreet THSDY ebrur 7.aret1eprecisely,and will ioncden foreieb the SALE nesttcoe4 AsindeldCrome Juteum MoDt6 se, s-ai Clin, mont uoFrv cists W H. Knopeht Srhalda Colb dJoesoftevarnos Wclllms,&c MayBANS be vsewed andouca t1latgucebad, L Madsm byedCTrN Furniture, ro-moverrom, theb suurbs foottq ag Pano.smlaeo Pctures, ncen afwdoofind, anDde rI,lsESlam-B Mesod,ng. f sBILCim a thueigreatnRooms 2th , Rep gh Holo;faefa;, onteliatrt OSEOLtd,a udutdwFrkyVndturve, ofgoo Sh oannf, acthu'err Frechd clocks, vandotes cpiandbrnes,sides b; npnetl Ieb-d dinTing Caandloguptbes,a achars andB fautnellsralenter wnge wuard-4 andcglures, china,% and. kooitcheandreqisites, a e viewanedpanddcat Caer Otedorsam surprey,aot sxmlsfrmCodn OnYew- ery choice Collectiont of high-cbA ratlutings.-il" Quadraint, Regen"tsret. NFLR GARCIA WMl SELLbYAUCTIQN, asabove iLTqHIS DAY, Feb. 7, andfollowing da,al ITcsl,vs choico COL,LECTIoNofhig'hclsee PCTUR.ES, embracing some fedexanples from the italian, Flemishb, Dutch. andEnd acools of.ar-rf Famly pubTi AEns Virin Gaviy' oureet on n t Jspr A l Febnito; 5 atol -Piece, nc uennat s Lanscpean tigures ongma dalRTan oThersbytheafodoirgmster uand thei upils: a mini Cignani JanSinu - Gd,&. FoTulc M.a Garrwi way's, nFis Cofelros,-Cinsm, on dFrida - ORTY Thonland b=ef WN Dquliy 1AP,0005 Ws ecor F ~aliy.3.Ot thrd ualty,50,00 i7oe3-ehFnls,-diybil,
