DEATHS. On tLhe 28th February last, ait Reatheote. near Victoria. South Anustralia in her 25th year, Jane Elizabeth. wife of Mr. Frederick heward, and eldest daughter of the late Xr. Thomas Rail, of Barslern. On the 15th inst., at Torpoint, Devonport, Eliza, wife of M Nr. win. Rd. Arnold, Brompton, after a painful and lingering illness, muchdeplored by an. extensive circle of friends& IOn the 15th inst., at Northampton, 'Major James Douglas De Wend, Stall Officer of Pensioners, aged 49. On the 15th inst., at his seat, Farewood. Lodge, Hampshire, Colonel Nathaniel Bend em, 0.11., and J.P. for the county, aged 87 years. On the 16th inst., at Pra. Basses Pyrenees., aged 33. Lydia Wilson. the beloved wife of Charles Henry Lardner WVoodd, of Hauipstead and New Bond-street. On the 17th inst., at 12, B'eborough-gardens. Pimlico, the Rev. Carles G. Townley, LL.D., deeply lamented by all who knew him. On the 1lth ist, at S. Brunswick-terrace, Walworth. aged two years and three months. Eliza Baker Shepherd, the deary beloved and younger twin daughter of Mr. C~hristopher Lynch and Phildelphia Clara, his wife. On the 1Sth inst., at Brighton, in her 57d year, Eeary Christina, eldest daughter of the late Thomas ThoVrton, Eqg. of Constantinople. On the 1Sth inst., at Upper Norwood, General Elice, Colonel of Her Mrajesty's 24th Regiment. On the 19th inst., at Counter-hil Ktent, alter a few houre illess Gesesude Miargaret, the infant daughter of Henry BWintghurst, Eaq., surgeon, Islington, aged 14 months. On the 1Sth inst., the Rev. I. S. Jones, Vicar of Paull with Thorngumbald. On the 1th, inst., at Bdeford, Northnmberland, Margaret, second daughter of the late John Pratt, Faq., of Bels-hill, in the same county. On the 10th inst., at Wakefield, in her 57th year, EUen, widow of Thomas Powell, 3LD., late of Nottilihamnon On the 12th inst., at Alre-as Vicarage, Florence hary, ellest daughter of' the Rev. Richard Kay Haslelurst, aged eight years. On the 1Gth inst., at 17, Glocester-steet, Pinlli aged 65 years, RMs. Hugh Russ, widow of the late l3eut.-Col. Hugh Ross, of the Bengal Army. On the 19th inst., Monsieur Atuguste Bertini, latof7,GetP land-street, Portland-place, aged 76.tof71GraPrt On Friday, the 20th inst., M1r. John Ely, builder, of Londoni-street, Greenwich, in the 75th sear of Isis age. On the 20th inst.. at 12W Ken-ington Patace-gardens, Sophia, third daughter of Sir S. M1orton Peto, Bart. On the 20th inst., Alexander Wvhitson, Eiq., of Parkhill, rerthhire. On the 20th inst., at 2, Esplanade, Plymouth, William Hawes, Esq., aged 63, after an ilness of six months. on thte 20th inst.. at the residence of lier brother, David Bromilow, Bogq., Haresilnch Housew, near St. Helen's, Helen, relict of the late Cjharles Hunt, Esq. On the 20th inst., at the East Cliff, Preston, Mfartha, the wvife of Captain German. 3d Rtoyal Lancashire Militia, and only daughter of he late Henry Parker, BEg-i, WhIittingliam Homse, near Preton. on the 20th inst., atthe Tnss, Kingston-on-Thames, EAward Stewart, Esq., mn his 69th year. on the 26th inst.. at Stoke, Devonport, Lieut.Wlilliam Gleunie, R.N.. aged 50. On tIre 2t1ih inst., at the Vicarage, Ifaslingfield, Camnbs., Elizabeth, the beloved wife of the Rev. WVillam Clark, in the 71st year of her age. On the 20th inst., at Walton-on-Thames. after a few days' illness. Robert Johnston, Req., of Montpellier ViLlas, Brighton, formeriy of Bookhamn Lodge, Surrey. On the 21st inst., at 25, Clifton-road east, St. John's-wood, Mrs. Anathony Ludlam, aged 54. At Mr. Muhm's. Shadwell, after a shunt biit sEvere illness, Lucy Adelaide. age 22, second dAughter of the late Mr. Joha Grisold, Mel- ington, near Banbury.
I MYGLISH AND FOBEIGN FUNVDS. {TO CK-mHANGF SATURDAY. Jc 21 (Fromi the offioLd HAs, busainess* actually U-Lansstcj NEw Lom oF STEAMSERS to A.EIRICA.-A new line of steamers, to becalled the "Liverpool, Newfoundland, and Halifax Steam Navigation Company," has been established at Liverpool, vwith the intention of openine and naintaining a distinct and regular communication with St. John's. The first vessel is intended to be despatched on the 20th of Angust next. Reaching Nova Scotia at Halifax the transit of merchandize will be accomplished in a fe, hours to St. John's by the railway, which the Government of Nova Scotia undertakes to complete in the course of tho esuing spring.
IRAT WAYA2W MININ'G SHARES. Saturday lEvenin The railway market was less active to day, bat quotUtions generally were well supported, O sional fluctuations took place, cbieflj from.tlie i- fluence of speculative transactions 1nFrenh and -Belgian few operations were noticeable, and EZt Indian exhibited scarcely any change Mining and miscellaneous securities were quiet, with a moderate amount of business. Ottoman Bank left off 1i-to 2 pm.; Bank of Egypt, i to i~ pm.; Westerni'of London, par to1 pmn.; London and Paris, 4 to 3 -dis.; NTational Discount Company, i to i pm.; iEuphrates Valley Railway, i to X pm. ; Riga Railwvay, 2 to 3 pm.; and Pernanmbuco, 1t pIM. ORDINARY SHARS AND STOCKS.
LIFE ASSURANCE. TO THE EDITOR OF TIE TflIES. Sir,-Some time ago I found, to my utter astonishment, that my life had been insured in the Athenzeum Ife-offlce by three different persons, each of whom has had a policy granted, and paid the premiums; and yet, strange io say, the whole of this business has been done entirely umknown to me and without my consent, having neither filled -op nor signed a proposal, nor undergone a medical examination. I did assure in another office, but in that case I filled up a proposal,sicned it, and was examined by the medical referee, which appears to be the proper course; I also signed the medical certificate before being examined. When I ,discovered that a number of individuals had been specu- lating on my life unnmown to me I felt annoyed, the more so from the many events which have transpired of late in connesion vith life assurance. I may state that my case is only one of a number in this neighbourhood. W1ll any of your readers have the goodness to inform me whether such proceedings are lawful? It has been my own impression that no office could accept a proposal without the signature of the proposer and the medical certHicate. If I amcorrect, the proposals must have been forged or accepted without signature. If the law allows such procedure as this it is high time for the safety of life that it be immediately altered. Should anv one doubt my statement I am prepared to give the names of the parties who have had policies on my life, as well as the agent. VYrnr ypsnpr4-,11- ENOCEI SYKES. Huddersfield, June 20.
THE EXCISE. TO THE EDITOR O1F THE TIIES. Sir,-It may be of importance to many readers of flie Timnes to know that in a bill, now before Parliament, granting an allowance of the extra duty on malt in the stocks of maltsters, malt roasters, dealers ia malt, licensed brewers, and vinegar makers, when the present war duty ceases on the 5th of July next, it is provided, that in order to obtain the allowance the malt must be dry and unground, and every claimant must give notice in writing to the proper officer of E3xcise, two days previously to the 3d of July next, of his name, residence, and business, and of each house or place in which the malt shall be deposited, and whether the malt is screened or unscreened, or pale or brown; and also, before the Sdof July, place his malt in such form that it may be conveniently gauged. The claim for allowance will be forfeited if any malt taken account of shall be removed before the 6th of July, and penalties are imposed if grain is mixed with the malt, or any contrivance resorted to to deceive the officer as to quantity. I am. Sir. vour humhle servant. EDW. STETELE. Actine-ColAector of Inlani R;vpnno Inland IRevenue-office, 41, Charter-house-square, June 21.
FATAT COLLTEIY AcCmTDTr m Soum STArroP.DsEIEEt-One of the most deplorable accidents which have occurred in the neighbourhood of Dudley for. some years took place on :Friday evening. The Old Park Colliery is situated between Holly-hall and Kingwinford, the property of Lord Ward, and worked under the management of a "butty" named Crewe. On Fxiday morning the usual complement of men and lads descended the shaft (30 in number), and at 6 o'clock in the evening they were pre ared to leave work. At that hour eight of the men andboy who had completed their appointed task jumped into the skip for the purpose of being drawn to the top of the shaft. So far as -could be learnt, all went on in its usual way in the ascent, and the men and boys gradually neared the entrance to the pit. The signals were given, the banksman, named Turner, was in the act of placing the runners over the pit's mouth for the purpose of landing the colliers, when the pit chain snapped asunder and precipated them to tne bottom of the shaft, 46 yards in depth. The skip, it would anpear, descended the shaft in a perpendicular line, as no noise was heard by those at the bottom. The scene -which there presented itself was most appalling. The skip and its unfortamate inmates were a shapeless mass. So soon as the catastrophe became known the greatest terror pervaded the neighbourhood. A number of men uipon the bank were immediately lowered into the pit, and the estent of the calamity was then discovered. Five out of theeightwere already lifeless, and the other three died within two hours after they were brought to the pit's mouth. Two of the unfortunate deceased were sons, and a third the cousin, of Mr. Crewe, the "butty." The boaies of all were frightfully mutilated, and could with difficulty be recogned bytheir ftiends and relatives. N2o blame is appxrentlyattributable to anyperson, for no danger was in the slightest degree anticipated. The chain which was broken was manufactured about two years ago, audwas considered to be refeetly sound. Theinquest uapon the bodies will be opened to-day.
THE7;Y- BANQUET AT THE HOTEL DE VILLE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Your Paris correspondent, in your paper of Thursday, is mnerry at the expnese of " not less than six cardinals," who, though invited to the great banquet at theHotel de Ville, found no places propared for them, and hadt to be squeezed in as vwell as they could at lower tables. Hee repeats, ag.in and again, that the six unplaced were veri. tably cardinals-princes of the church. Moreover, the expression " no less than six cardinals" implEes that tberawere more than that number who were not overlooked. -Now, it happens that the exact number of cardinals isa all France is six; so that your correspondent's statement goes to the extent that every cardinal (they being the archbishops of the first sees in Frauce) was overlooked in the distribution of places. Considering that a cardinal's rankim. France is next to that of princes of the blood, such an omission of etiquette could hardly be explained, except om. the ground of an intentional affront. Of this your correspondent does not give a hint; nor would it be credible irL such a place, and in the presence of a cardinal legate. T have referred to three French newspapers-the Dbcbas, the Prcsse, and the Constitution7el-and not one of thea makes the slightest allusion to the supposed omission of thee cardinals, although they are mentioned among tho gucstso immediately after the legate, the princes, and the ambassadors. Your correspondent, therefore, miust have fallen into an error, and one calculated to annoy your Catholic reader5 and to lead others to imagine a gross slight by the Emperor on all his cardinals. I remain, your obedient servant, GEORGE J)OVYM . : June2I.
IBELAND. fr1noM OUR OWN COER5FpOr%-'r )IUBLIN, S.TURD,.Y ZORSNcG. TILE TIPERAnY BANK. The judgment delivered yesterday by the 3Iasterof the Rolls has not come with surprise upon any of the parties whose interests may be affected 1>y the reversal of the order pronounced by the N1aster in Chancery. As observed by the Freeman ,of thi5 day, he was, froml the first, master of the entire subject in all its frauds and ramifications, and, though he took time to prepare his judgmelnt, aU twere aware what had been the conclusions at which le arrived when the arguments of counsel had cloEed. In truth, all anticipated the release of John Ginger, whose case governs that of the English shareholders, the effect of which will be to cast upon the luckless Irish shareholders an additional burden <of 60,000!. It is intimated that the next step Rill be ain appeal by the official manager to the Chancellor, and should the two Irish equity judges concur the znatter -will end. In the course of the lengthened judgment given on Friday there is the following sclar summary of the evidence as it affects James ;adleir with the fraudulent acts of the arch forger John Sadleir:- " 1. James Sadleir informed Wlliam Kelly, in or about -the month of April, 155, that they (that is, of course, John -and James) had it in contetnalation to increase the capital of the bank by bringing in English shareholders. 2. James :ladleir, in the month of May, 1855, had 500 of the unappropriated shares registered in Austin Ferrall's name, and, subsequently, all the unappropriated shares were, by James -Sadleir's instructions, entered to the account of Austin Ferrall in a current account opened with hium. This was done vithout the knowledge, pri-ity, or consent of A. Ferrall, and in direct violation of the partnership deed, and to carry -Out their plan of selling to tho English shareholders. o. Austin Fer,all wvas induced, under the circumLstances I havoe stated, to execute transfers to the English shareholders, zelieving that the shares were those entered in his namue 5n 1840, as trustee for the imaginary female cousin of -John Sadleir. 4. James Sadleir signed the certificates of transfer delivered to the English shareholders, -which certi ficates were also signed by Robert Keating and John Sadleirand untruly represented the two latter to be directors. Such certificates had been transmiiitted to the Sadleis in blank, signed by Willian KleUy. 5. Dividend warrants .Vere prepared by Jamies Sadleir's directions, making the dividend payable to the English shareholders for the enti.re half-year ending the 30th of June, 1855, although the earliest transfer to an English shareholder was in the month -of May, 1855, and several of the transfers were on the said l30th of June, 1S55. This would have been right if the transfers from Austin Ferrall had been transfers of o!d shares, but it was irregular and improper as related to unappropriated shares which -would have been entitled only to ; rateable portion of dividend from the date of the issue. 'This was one of the circumstances by which the English shareholders were defrauded. 6. James Sadleir handed over ,the copy of the fraudulent balance-sheet, which had induced the English shareholders to purcbase, to William Kelly, which copy was in John Sadleds handwriting, and enclosed in the letter from Jobsi to Janmes Sadleir of December, 3855. The object of this, as I have already explained, -was, that the balance-sheet to be laid before the meeting in February, 1S5G, should ' tally' with the fraudulent balance-sheet. 7. The report for the year *ending the 31st of December, 1855, to which the name of James Sadleir is affixed, falsely represented, in pyrsuance of John Sadleir's letter, and in accordance with tho balance-sheet, the paid-isp capital to be 100,0001., and falsely stated several persons to bedirectors whonever were directors, which was doneto make the report 'tally' wNith the fraudulent document marked ' A.' S. The report to which James Sadleir's name was affixed declared, in pursuance of John Sadleir's letter, the dividend at the rate of Gl. per cent. and the bonus of :X. per cent., the bank being at the time in a state of hopeless insolvency; and the object of inducin,g the English' shareholders to take the residue of their unappropriated shires by such means heinz stated in John Sadleir's letter. 9. James Sadleir, in Nio7ation of his duty to the shareholders, permitted Jobn Sadleir to draw out of the bank the enormous sum of 2S8,5&S9. 2a. 3d., wvhich was the sum -due byJohnSaclleirwhen the banklstopped payment. 10.The assets of the bank were represented in the balance-slheet subuittedto themeetingin February, 185G, as 612,9591. 12s. 3d., the sum of 255,5G4?. 17s. 2d., the debt of John Sadleir, due to the bank on the 31st of December, 1S55, and the fraudulent balance in Austin Ferrall's account, of 50,SS3?. 16s. forming part of the alleged .assets, and the who!e of the -assets realized, and likely to be realized, not being nore than betwveen 50,0001. and 60,000!. 11. James Sadleir signed his name on the 20th of February to the folloving entry in the minute-book of the bank- ".' Resolved,-That the copartnership commionly called or known as the I Tipperary Joint-Stock Bank' is unable to mnezt its enagements, and that said co-partnership do file, or cause to be filed, at the office of the Lord Chancellor of Ireland's Secretary of BanLrupts a declaration, in writin, :that the said co-partnership is unable to meet its engagemlents. " ' J.UIES StDLE11n, Chairnman, Managing Director.' That entry immediately follows the baiance-sheet iaid before the annual mueeting on the Ist of February, 185G, and vas before James *9adleir's eyes when he signed the anemorandum of the 20th of February. It is not pretended that any matter had occurred beween the 1st and 'he 20th of Febrnary to cause the insolvency, and yet Jamnes Sadleir, on the former day, represenited the assets as 612,959?. l2-. 3d'" (On Tuesday last a considerable number of persons attended at the late office of the Tipperary Bank in the town of Tipperary to receive the dividend of 2s. in the pound, which was paid to them by a person representing the official manager. Many farmers-depositors--a-ho held receipts varying from 10!. to 0001., seemed quite elated at receiving as a beginning one-tenth of what they once imagined w.~as lost to them for ever. THE IRISH CHURCfH. The deanery of Kilfenora is vacant by the death of the Very Rev. Dr. Armstrong. REPRESENTATION OE TIPPERAARy. Even yet MIr. James Sadleir has made no sign, and, if at all withini reach, he appears to be stone -deaf to the warnings of impending danger deli-vered by the uDright judge who presides in the Rolls Court. Notwithstanding Mr. Sadleir's apparent physical efort a brisk canvas for his seat in Parliament is being carried on, and among the last n-ho have cast a longing eye uipon the prize is, it is said, theLochinvar of Tipperary-MAr. Joim Carden, ofl l3arnone, whose term of imprisonment in Clonmel gaol is fast drawing to a close. The irack now comprises the names of the Hon. George O'CaUaghan, Major Massey, M1r. Waldron, of Dublin, Captain Power Lalor (only probable), and Mr. Carden aforesaid. 3IEET-NG OF TIIE TItISIl ROI[A-N CAMOLIC PRELAITS. The Roman Catholic prelates, to the number of 27, are now sitting in secret synod at the Presbytery in Miarlboroucgh-street. The Papal Delegate presides, and the conference lasts each day for several hours. The objects of the deliberations are knolvn only to themselves, but it is generally understood jthat the question of Irish Catholic education, and of the maintenance of the new University in relation thereto, occupies considerable attention. THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols (shut), 941 ; ditto for account, 5th of July, 94A >; New Three per Cent. Stock, 94.4 A ; ditto, for account, 8th of July, 94Q i-,; Royal Bank of Ireland (101. paid), 20Q ; Grand Canal Comnpany (100l. paid), Z9.j; M1ining Company of Ireland (7?. paid), for account, 14 15; Wi`cklow Copper Mine (56. paid). 28. Railways.- 1Cork and Bandon (501. raid) 90; Dublin and Wicklow (101. paid), for account, 5,; Dundalk and Enniskillen (301. paid), 13, ; Great Sonthern and Westem (50?. paid), 53A ditto (paid in full) (201. paid), 19' *Irish South-Eastern (12?. paid), 5 ; Mdldand Great 9estern and loyal Canal, Half-shares (2-at. paid), for account, 25 ; Vfaterford and Kilkenny (20?. paid), for acconnt, 4- fWaterford and limerick- (50!. paid), for account, 22k; ditto, Five per Cent. Preference (50l. paid), 45. IRISH BXNK RETURNS. An account, pursuant to the act 8th and 9th of Victoria, chap. 3T, o1 the amount of B.ank-notes authorized by law to be issued by the several Banks of Issue in Ireland, and the average amount of Bank-notes in Circulation and of Coin held during, the Fear Weeks ending Saturday, the 7th day of June. 1856.
UfVIVERSITY INT IGEZgCE. OYTFO DT .TsTr. 91 On the 2d inst. the Rev. Robert Blayney Wright, M.A., was elected Fellow on Sir Thomas Cookes's Foundation at WorceAter College; and on the 17th Mir. John Terry, of Mromsgrove School, was elected scholar, to fill up the nvacancy caused by Mr. Wright's promotion. THE PRD;Ca NoELor.-HIis Imperial Highness the Prince Napoleon and suite arrived in Leith-roads on 'Thursday morning, his expedition consisting of two war steamers,-namely, La Reine Hortense and La Cocyte. Thc Prince was rowed ashore in a barge about 11 o'clock, abut, s his Imperial Highness wished bis visit to be re,,rdud as merely a private one, there was no salute from the Fort. The Prince Droceeded by railway to Edinburgh vith several of the members of his suite. In the comrse of the dsy he visited the Castle, the Court of Session, and olyrood. In accordance with the wish of his Imperial gighnees, he waa not waited upon by any of the municipal ntaoritiem On Friday the Prince visited Glasgow, returning to Edinburgh in the evening ; and on Saturday or Sunday morning the expedition was to leave the roads on their zortIward route,
LYCEUM THEATRE. Queen Kathartine, whose last moments were for eerml years thelongestinownupon any stage, has lately proved the ancestress of a numerous dramatic race, all bearing a family likeness to each other in this respect-that their death is the great object of their life. First, there was the gentleman in La Dame de St. Tropez, who wvas poisoned soon after the commencement of the piece, and got worse and worse, till he became absolutely blue in the fifth act, when he died with every circumstance of agency. Then came Adrienne Lecouvreur, for the sake of whose death, likewise the result of poison, four acts of dul comedy have been so froquently endured. Next competitor for these sepulchral honours, in which the cypress performed the wonted office of the laurel, was the Dame actx Caezlias, who had a start in her favour, inasmuch as her pulmonary complaint had begun before the play itself, and she had five whole acts to cough through Last of all comes Pia dei Tolomei, an unhappy Siennese lady, who was first introduced to the English public on Saturday night, but -whose fate was shadoweed forth at Paris in a little one-act piece by hL de BeUoy, entitled La hIak 'aria, long before she was formally taken thither by Madame Ristori last year, when she appeared as the heroine of a five-act tragedy, by a gentleman named Carlo Marenco. Certainly Signor Marenco, whose work, named after the heroine, is produced at the Lyceum as one of the Italian series of plays, has shown himself a great master in the art of spinning out. lis thread gets somewhat thin in the stretching, no doubt, bathe fairly gets it through five acts without snapping, and, considering his material, this is no smaU feat. The fifth canto of Dante's Purgatorio terminates with these seven lines, which form of themselves an episode, sketched or rather indicated with the great Florentine's ordinary conciseness:- "Deh, quando tu sarai tornato al mondo, "E riposato della lunga via, "Seguito '1 terzo spirito al secondo "Picorditi di me. che son la Pia. Siena mi fe', disfecemi 3faremma, "Salsi colei, ch'innanellata pria "Disposando neavea con la sua gemma." According to com-nentators, this Eia who addresses the poet as the third of three spirits was a lady of the Siennese family of Tolomei, whose husband, Nelo della Pietra, privately put her to death in the Maremma, on account of her conjugal infidelity. It is, however, a general notion that the lady was not kiUlled in the ordinary sense of the word, but allowed to die through the unwholesome atmosphere of the marshy country. At all events, the slow death produced by malaria is the one required by the Italian poet, who n,ants to produce a showy scene of mortal sickness. That the above passage, interpret it as we wiU, is a small basis for five acts everybody will admit, for though the painful death of the unhappy Pia looks a tempting bonite bourche for those modem audiences who regulate their esteem for a drama by the likeness it bears to a clinical lecture, there is, apparently, scarcely a scrap of matter for the first four. Me de Belloy, aware of this difficulty, wrote one act only-but one act wiU not satisfy great amibitions among Italians any more than among English dramatists, so the problem of attaining the magical number must be solved at any price. First, Rinaldo, the husband of Pia, sets off from Sienna to war with the Florentines, having first taken leave of his wife and his vassals, and confessed to his friend U1go that he is naturally of a suspicious disposition, and that this temperament is not a little worked upon by the fact that the family of Pia, now banished, is hostile to himself. No sooner has he taken his departure than the treacherous Ugo, in a conversation with Pia, begins by trying to set her against her husband, and follows up this beginning with a fonnal declaration of love. Of course the lady repulses him indignantly, and, of course, he vows vengeance. Were it not for the surpassing genius of Madasne Ristori, this act would look the merest commonplace imaginable, but she so embodies the idea of conscious, fearless rectitude, her indigna. tion is so stately, and her loathing of the hateful suit is so forcibly expressed, even to the stopping of her ears, that one of the most insipid representations of the old collision between virtae and seductiveness is rendered interesting. In act the second Ugo begins to carry out his scheme of vengeance. On the return of Rinaldo, whose arsmy has been routed, his fatse friend pours into 'his ears calumnious falsehoods affecting the honour of Pia, and, by way of confinning the truth of his statemesnt, makes hiis the witness to an interview between the lady and a gentleman with his vizor down, whom she supposes to be her brother, and who talks with her in that capacitj. With the vengeful imprecations of Rinaldo concludes an act of such singular weakness that even the actress cannot raise it to significance. Yet we won't be censorious. Under the circumstances it was very clever to contrive a second act at all. Thlie third is better,for here the originalstory begins to show its force. The vindictive Ilinaldo has brought his innocent wife to his castle in the unhealthy Maremma, and gradually unfolds to her Isis conviction of her infidelity. This sitnation allows scope for some very fine aud very varied acting on the part of Madame Ristori. At first she is simply puzzled by the inuendoes of her husband-cannot perceive his drift; then, when, delaying the main charge, he adopts the historical tone, and narrates the history of their past love she listens with tranquil pleasure to the record of past happiness. The fatal words- 4' E tuttoquesto "Altro stato non sia che un lungo inganno 9"- v.ith which Rinaldo follows up his narrative, dissipate the pleasing vision, and ashe is now transfixed mith horror and indignation. During this transition she does not utter a word, and it is merely indicated by the play of the counte. nance and by gesticulation. When the secret meeting proves to be the cause of jealous rage she becomes absolutely joyous-even playful-as she triumphantly tells herhusband that the suspected person is her brother, and, by her man. ner, plainly gives him to understand that she is ready to laugh at his expense. But this hope is crushed by the asser. tion of Pinaldo that her brother was kiUed in battle before the interview took place. Her grief is increased to the deepest agony by the sight of her hus. band tramplinig on the wedding-ring, and is followed by blank despair when he runshes away from her, and shl sees him in the distance swiftly riding on his courser from the pestilential castle. A scene with Ugo, who, suddenly entering, audaciously owns that the pretended brother was a cseature of his own, and insults Pia with his love, brings the act to a picturesque conclusion, for the lady, using the expedient of Rebecca in Ira/hoe, saves herself from the advances of IUgo by climbing the window and threatening to leap to the ground. The noble figure of Madame Ristori is thus displayed to the utmost advantage. It is a fine conception that, as soon as Ugo has retired and the display of boldness has served its purpose, her grief return8 and she sinks exhausted, where she has just stood triumphant. After a fourth act in which Rinaldo learns from the lips of the penitent Ugo, who is dying in consequence of a wound given by the father of Pia, the secret of the wronged lady's innocence, comes the situation for which, as we have said, the whole piece has been written. The scene represents the marshy country of the Maremma, and here the doomed Pia is shown, dying by inches, till the shock of her husband's return accelerates the work which the lunwholesome air has almost completed, and she dies, an angel of forgiveness, in the arms of Rinaldo and her father. It is impossible to convey by words aU the details of this scene, in which every mental emotion and every phase of bodily decline are exhibited by Madame Ristori in rapid succession-in -which a feeling of v indictiveness contends for a moment with the better impulses of a gentle nature, hope awakens to be blighted by a sense of corporeal anguish till the mind andthe physicalpowers are at length exhaustedtogether, and aldistinction ismergedin ablanlvacancy thatapproaches the idiotic. Perhaps, amid all the wonderful passages with which this complicated result is produced, the most remark. able is the expression of forgiveness, with which, hardly able to command her limbs at all, Mademe Ristori drops her hands in an attitude of forgiveness on her husband's head, while the light of intelligence is almost faded from her countenance. When we remember the proud figure of the earlier acts, in which the high-born dame of the middle ages was so completely nmanifest, this exhibition of the same person, wasted, hagard, and humiliated, becomes doubly affecting. All other feelings are obliterated, but the fondness of the loving wife has survived them, rather as an instinct than as a mental emotion.
CJREMORNE-GABDENS. On Saturday afternoon a " floralf,lte' took place in aid of the Royal Asylum of St. Ann's Society, the chief additional entertainment being a miscellaneous concert, in which the blind hlinstrel Picco was the most reuiarkable performer. The grounds were numerously attended, and altogether, as far as morning patronage is concerned, a new tone has been given to Cremorne bv the permanent exhibition 'of American plants in Ashburnham-park. The large size of these plants, which are still in bloom, and the manner in which they are massed together, produce a unique effect which is cempletely distinguished from that of the ordinary gar. den. To the spectator, wlho stands in the gallery elevated at one end of the pavilion, a forest of flowers seems dis. played, rich with the most varied colours. Tax ECcLFSIASTICAL COmmISSION.-The Select Committee, appointed to inquire into the present constitu. tion of the English Eccesiastical Commission, report their opinion that the Church Building Commission should, after a certain date, he consolidated with the Ecclesiastical Cons. mission and be continued up to that date. A bill has accordinglybeen introduced to cary out thls recommeuda. tion. The present comminipD. ss to W&ermin ia fomce till January nextK
STATE OP TRADE. MNCaESTER, JUNE 21. The impulso el-en to the market early in the week by the restoration of conficrence in the amicxble settlement of the American difficulty "a been partly lost, and we have less business than on Mona,a: and Tuesday, but the firmness given to prices is stll maintadned. A fair amount of business has been done in 24's to 28's warps and cops, and in water-twist in the bundls, suited to the t,erman and China markets. In the coarser numbers of houte-trade yarns business is rather inactive. In domestics the heavier fabrics have been selling rather better, but priees are still low and unremunerative. In longcloths and T-cloths there is less business than at the commencement of the week, although prices are not so irregular. India shirtings are rather firmer. In printing cloths there is no change. Though the market appears quiet, the aggregate business of the week has not been inconsiderable, and an opinion prevails that the market is gradually improving. BIRMINGHAM, JUNE 2L The approach of the iron masters' midsummer quarterly meetings (the usual preliminary one is to be held on Thursday) renders the trade dull and inactive. The uncertainty with regard to our future relations with the United States has operated prejudicially against the South Staffordshire iron trade during the last six months; and although appearances are more promising, the Liverpool merchants are not likely to send extra orders into the market until the opinion of the ensuing meetings has been taken with respect to the maintenance of present prices. As the North American dispute is considered all but adjusted, and the home demand continues gradualy to improve, there is little probability of a reduction in the price of marked iron. The demand for pigs of the best descriptions is good, and now the Belgian duty is modified there is little likelihood of any great amount of surplus make. The stocks of inferior pigs are said to be on the increase, and this accounts for their drop in prioo. The quotations of raw materials remain extremely bigh, and were it not for large importations from a distance they would of necessity be still higher. White ironstone and gubbin of the district are not plentiful, and firmly maintain their price. Of the coal trade there is nothing new to report. The heavy ironfounders continue well employeds and additional orders of magnitude hold out hopes for the future. The Great Northern Railway Company are again in the market, and the execution of the contract is required to be prompt. The machine and boiler makers are fairly employed. The foreign orders received in Birmingham have been satisFactory. Buyers from Central Germany have been inthe town, andpurchased freely of goods suited to that market. Stocks, according to their accounts, had become small, and replenishments werer necessary. From Prussia the orders have been large. There are symptoms of a considerabe revival of better class and smaller descriptions of the hollow ware manufacture, attributed to the increased actityinthepatentglassenamel business. Such is the activityprevailingin this department of localproductionthat one of the largest houses is at the present time compelled to put on two sets of men. It was to be expected that upon the termination of the late war there vould be a considerable faling in the previously great demand for cavalry forges; but we learn that the authorities at Woolwich are again prepared to receive tenders for fresh supplies, and no diminution of employment has at present taken place in our principal workshops. The saddlers' ironmongery trade is generaygood, and the leather business is represented to beparticularly active. For general brass-foundry there is an increased call, but in one branch, the msanufacture of brass candlesticks, there has been for some time a great falling off. The peace, however, has brought us large orders from Turkey for most descriptions of brass goods. %The embarrassments of Messrs. Louis and Mier, merchants, of this town, have been made public during the present week. Mr. Louis died a few weeks ago, aud this eircumstance, coupled with the absence of r. Mier in America, rendered an investigation necessary. The debts are estimated at from 45,0001. to 50,0001. The assets cannot for some time be ascertained. The affairs of the house are represented as bv no means so desperate as the public were led to believe. A deed of inspection has been executed by creditors whose debts amount to 20,0001. Upwards of lo,0001. of assets are owing in this country, and the reI[mainder chiefly in America, Ceylon, Malta, and Turkey. The portion in Canada and Australia is comparatively limited. The estate, it is estimated, will realize 7s. 6d. in the pound. Another small failure connected with the trade of the town has been aimounced, but it is likely to be settled by the creditors' acceptance of Ss. in the pound, payable by tbree instalments at four, six, and 12 months. The affairs of Messrs. Riiffords and Wragge being now praticaUy brought to a conclusion (tlIe last dividend is now irl course of paymnout), it maybe interesting to state the genaralresults of the winding up. The firm carried on business as bankers both at Stourbridge and Broms,,rove. The house came into the Birmingham Bankruptcy Court about 3Midsummer, 1851. The foUowing is a statement obtained from the office of the official assignee of the results attained to the present day:Stourbridge Bank :-Amount of debts proved, 223,4521.; total assets collected, 33,9101.; amount of dividend, Is. lid. in the pound-26,4521.; expenses of administration, 7,4331. Bromsgrove Bank --Amount of debts proved, 95,6051.; total assets collected, 7,1901.; amount of dividend, 9d.- 3,5871.; expenses of admiiinistration, 3,4591. Philip Rufford's separate estate :-Dcbts proved, 28,7621.; assets collected, 10,9761.; dividend, 6s. 3d.-8,9SS1.; expenses of administration, 1,9371. FrancisRufford's separate estate:Debts proved, 40,8711.; assets collected, 10,582!.; dividend, 3s. SAd.-7,5161. ; expenses of administration, 2,9411. C. J. Wragge's separate estate:-Debts proved, 5,3081.; assets collected, 5,G891.; dividend, 15s. 3d.- 4,0471. ; expensesof admninistration, 1,6421. Gross total of the five accounts :-Debts proved, 393,9981.; assets, 68,3471. ; dividends, 50,5901.; expenses, 17,4121. Perhaps a case has scarcely ever occurred in which a combination of joint and separate estates has presented such a miserable result as this - but it must be admitted that, but for the expense of bankruptcy, the private estate of Mr. Wragge appears to have been more than solvent. The early closing or half-holyday movement on a Saturday has commenced umder the most promising and satisfactory auspices. Many of our leading merchants and factors have, in imitation of those of Manchester, Liverpool, and other large mercantile towns, issued circulars and placards in which they announce that they will not receive goods or pay accounts after 2 o'clock on Saturday. NOTTINGHATM, JuIJE 21. The appearance of a few German buyers in tlle lace market has occasioned a little more activity, but operations for the home supply are limited. Most houses, however, are just now engaged in stock-taking, and when that operation shall have been completed, no doubt business will make a fresh start. Still, certain descriptions of plain goods are in active request, as also are edgeings and blondes, and the houses largely engaged in these branches know no cessation of activity. The American demand during the past season was unusually limited for fancy goods, while purchases of plain nets for that market were to the usual extent, if not larger than usual. As a more settled and kindly feeling manifests itself between the United States' and British Governments, it is anticipated that the resident representatives of American houses will receive orders to transmit fresh supplies; and the nextspringtrade is expectea to be large, unless interrupted by fresh complications. In the hosiery department businessisdecreasing, asmay be expected. Mosthonses are stock-taking. Thehomedemand will revive as soon as this operation is completed. The market is healthy for the season of the year. Yarns are a little easier to buy. Employment in all departments is abundant, and the working classes never were better off or more contented. Thie onlg drawback is the continued rise in the price of food; but, with the prospect of an abundant harvest at home, and in most of the countries whence we draw extra suppllies, combined with the probability of the money-market becoming easy high prices are hardly likely to rule very long, oven should France be compelled in the next twelve months to import an unusual quantity of grain. Very large quantities of land are almost daily being leased or sold for building operations, and several important public works are about being constructed in this immediate vicinity. Among the latter are a new line for the Ambergate and Great Northern Railway Companies, from Swentons and Nottingham to Colwick; a new railway station; several new bridges and viaducts; two immense main sew,ers, from Swenton and Nottingham to the Trent, to convey the entire sewage matter of the town and district into that river; a new lunatic asylum and a new barrack are talked of. LEICESTEIl, JuNE 21. The hosiery trade is more quiet than for some time past. The orders for the American market are nearly completed, the spring demand for the home market is over, and there will be very little activity until goods for the autumn trade are prepared. Mfany of the operatives are only partially employed, The wool-market is firm, but the amount of business is limited, manufacturers waiting for the nowv clip. Yarns continue firm at late prices. LEEDS, Jusi- 21. The woollen cloth trade has been rather flat this week, and the manufacturers have begun to restrict their' productive powers. To-day's m.arkets, however, have shown some improvement. H[eavy and medium cloths, for autumn and winter wear, have met with tolearbly prompt purchase where the manufacturer has consented to make some abatement. The prospect of the American trade not having been very bright, and the fall trade havmng scarcely commenced, merchants have acted cautiously; but a better business is now anticipated. The wool trade has umdergone no material change, but with the present prospects, both as to Afstrtli autad homegrown wools, it is and will be difficult to maintain the present prices. The disposition on aUl sides evidently is to prevent any great movement in the wool trade, either upward or downward; and this remark applies to tho worsted as well as the woollen trade. At both Bradford and Halifax the worsted trade is reported to have been slack; but the aocount of to-day's market at the latter place is more animated. The latest reports of wool fairs in this county comprise:- "SEUr, June 14.-A moderate show, but not many buyers, and the market was flat. Good hog wool, 1s. 6d to 18g. 9d.; inferior kinds, l6s. 6d. to 18s. per 141b. "NovTnUsLL:ERTON, June 18.-A good supply, which was all nearly sold, from ls. 2d. to is 4-d. Per lb. . ''HOwDXsx, June 18.-A good supply. Price about i7s. 6d. per stone. "YORK, June 18.-A good show, and numerous buyers. Prices a shade lower. Ewes or third hog, 15s. Gd. to to 16s. 6d, ; half-and-half, 17s. to Is., according to quality; Mfasham hogs, 14s. 6d. to 15s. 6d.; dockings and casts, 9s. to ls, per stone of 14i1b." The German wool fairs are passing off quietly. " At Stettin, on the 16th of June. the quantity offered for sale was smaller than in other years, and is estimated at about 17,CO0cwt. The condition of the wools was not good, and Tery rarely was a good washed flock to be found. The number of buyers was smaller than last year, and one of the largest buyers, namely, the Gotha Combing Company, did not attend at all. More inclination for buying was shown than in the preceding wool fairs this year, and about onethird of the wools was sold at noon. The prices paid ruled about four dollars above those of last year. For combing wools prices were five dollars, and for fine clothing wools from two to four dollars per cwt. above last year's prizes." DUBLIN, JUMk 21. The markets in general have been extremely hsigh, yet, despite the weather, has thero been rmore than an average Ehare of business transacted. The custois' xeceipts for the week, to Thursday inclusive, were 22,973e. aainst 21,0521. last week. It hasbeen a quiet week] on tho Stock Exchange. BELFAST, JUSM 20- Ianen.-There isnonew feature to be reported inthe linen trade. Sales of finished goods have Ieen made to a fairextent Bleachers areinf work, andtficturn outof white lnens is -very large. Demand for lawns and slirt ronts is not less active, the United States trade alone absorbing nearly all the amount of production. PowrerIoomenterpriseintheweaTingof linen goes on satisfactorily. 2Brown markets have been quiet for the last few d4ys. aymena did not turn ont its usual averages on Saturdxy, but sales went off pretty easily; yarns had a larger demand at full rates. Linen yarns steady at previous rates. Flax.-Some of the countrymarkets were not so well sup. plied last -week as they were previously. Cotton-Belfast and Glasgow houses engaged in the manufacture of plain mauslin are not slackening production. We cannot as yet report favourably of the fancy trade. .In Newtownards there has been a fair amount of harness goods made duning the last few months, but the trade is in a great measure con,fined to that locality. Bordered handkerchiefs, all vwhite, are in good demuand for the Xew York and Phila- delphiae makt.Te sewed muslin trade is still veryd inactive. ____________________eat
THE COBN TRIADE. LTVVRtPrnn. X,r. 91 The returna of sake of Bsitish wheat, as per " Gazette," for the wreek ending the 14thinst., are 104,901 quarters, at 6. Id, per quarter; corresponding week 1855. 87,314 quarters, at 77s. 5d. per quarter; ditto, 185i, 47,780 quarters, at 783. 3d. Per quarter. The farners! deliveriesaro again pDominently lrge. Prices generally havebeen well sustained. The weather has been somewhat inauspicious for two or three days, and wo begin to yearn for warm sumny weather. Probably in no other season has the prospect of abundance been so great as in the present; but we shal require a dry Jnly to gather and secure the benefit. Atyesterday's narket we had not many English millers, but there Were several from L-eland. Wheat sold readily at fuly 2d. per bushel advance on Tuesday. Indian corn was is quieter demand, but fully s dear as on Tuesday. American yellow. 31., and white 33. 6d. per 4301b. Oats 3d. to 2d. per bushel higher. The trade to-day is without change, and the aspect of the weather better, but still cool for midsummer. NOTTINGHAM JusE 21. The continued humidity occasions uneasiness. though,should the weather now clear up and a fine dry time ensue, it will be found that no damage has been done. Nearly al the crops are universally heavy. There is green food in abundance, and grassv which is now being cut, is nearly doubled in quantity when compsred with the yield of Inst year. It is feared that the cereal cropswiiU lose by their luxuriance. The plantsare strong and healthy, but the straw is generally so long, that its very abundance wil assist in laying it; and, should it get down, it Wi neither rise again nor ripen. At this market to-day there wa-as again a very small supply of wheat from the growers, which sold readUy at an advance of sa Beans and oats were eschls per quarter dearer. Present prices:-Wheat, white, old, 8D3. to 8is. per 36 stone; new, SDs. to 5s.; red, old, 74s. to 8s.; new, 708. to SOa;: barley, for malting, 41s. to 45s. per quarter: for grinding, 38s, to 483. per 30 stone: oats 2as. to 33e. per 2istone; ftour, super, SS3. to 603 per 20 stone: iine, SOs,to 54i, IELMOESTER, Jus-x 21. There has been a little moisture during the week, but generaly the weather has been favourable, though cocplairits are miade of tho want of armldertemperature. Thereportsare satisfactory respecting the wheat crop. The plant is expected to bIossom in a few days, Barley is improring. The weather has been unfavourable for this plant, and n somne parts itis not so healthy as could be desired. Beans continue to look well: they have escaped blight, are blossoming, and the flower is clean. Oats, although better, have hanUy recovered the effects of the ramin. Peas are well in dower, with the prospect of an excelent yield. Potatoes have growvn fast, the occasional showers being favourable to their growth. Grass lands are yielding well. Dry weather is now the only thing wvanted. At thismarket to-day the supply of wheat was small,with an average attendance. Wheat ruled dull at an advauce of 2s. to 3s., white realizing 79ls, while good red madc 74s. Barley commanded former rater, the best malting sorts seUing for 45s. per quarter. A fair trade in oats,' which sold at an udvance of Is. to 2s. Beans were an average supply. and brought a rise of 2s. At Melton 1£owbray, there was a good supply of wheat, which sold at an advance of 2s. Barley, oats, and beans :were w ithout alteration. At Market Harborough, wheat reahzed an improvement of 2s. DBRBY, Ju.Ns- 21. There have been heavy showvers since our last, wvith a rather low temperature. The crops generaUy speaking are, however, looeing well. Prom the wvheat dstricit the reports are favouable, wxith the exception that in some parts the wheat ismshing too muchstraw. Up to the present time barley in most parts is promising. Respecting the condition of oats there are: various ytatementi Considering the weather has been rather unfavourable .to this plant the cropsarebetterthan expected. Beans are in bloom, and present a satisfactory appearance. Peas are looking very healtby. The hayharvest has commenced. the eropsbeinglarge and much heavier than forsome time past. The unsettled state of the weather pre. vents them being wel secured. The season is favourable for the potato plant, and the specimens of the early sorts are execUent. The price of fat stock hos widergone little alteration. At this market-the supply of beasts wvas good, which met with a ready sale at previous rates. Sheep aLd lamb3s were a ready sale at good prices. At Chesterfield the cattle trade ruled briskv without alteration. LINCOLW, JuNs 21. The weather has, upon the whole, been fine, with a rather low teaperatue. Wheat is looking well, but it requires dry weather to bring it into ear. The reports are favourable respecting the appearance of the crops, although there are fears that in some cases an excess of straiv vlibe apparent. Barley has improved, but still it is not generally healthy. Oats are looking mnuch better, but the season has been unfavourable. Beans are blossoming luxuiantly, and there wil be a large yield. Peas are lookingwell, the weather hating been favourable. The early sorts of potatoes are sound, and of good quality. Farmers are busy in the hayfield, and the grass alrealy cut has yielded more than an average. The prices for fat stock have this veek been rather on the decline. At Peterborough, with an average supply, beef realied &3. per stone. There was a tolerable showv of sheep, 'and mutton made 7d. per lb. At Newark, with a limited showv, beef declined id. per lb. Sheep sold at last week's prices. Beef, 7s. 6d. to &s. 6d. per stone; mutton 7d. to Pd. per lb. At this corrn-market to-day wheat was in rather dull demand; ex- treme rates were asked, but the advance obtained did not execed 23., the best wvhite samples fetching 80s., and red 76s. per quarter. Barley was a turn higher. Oats wvere an average show, and rather dearer, the bost descriptions realizing 29s. to 30s. Prices :-WVhite wheat, 783. to SOs. red, 76s. to7 ; harley, 3Is. to 32s.; oats, 26s. to 3D3. perquarter At Gainsborough, an advance of 3s. to 4s. per quarter was obtained At 3Mark-et Itasin, ith a small supply, vheat improved 2s.; barley, oats, and beans firm. At Boston, the transactionm in wheat 'were limited, but the advance was 83. Barley was 6d. per quarter dearer; oats and beans the turn higher. At Newark, with a good supply, vheat was Is. to 2s, dearer; barley, oats, and beans advanced Is. At Alford, wheat ruled dull, at a rise of Is. to 2s. At Spalding, witha smal supply, wheat advanced 3S ; beans were Is., and oats 2s. higher. At Lymn, wheat w^as 3s. bettor; beaus, 6d. higher; and oats rather dens-er. At Sleaford, the advance in wheat was Is. per quarter; oats and beans were sligrhtly firmer. NORTHAMPTON, JuNE 21. Theweatherhasbeen-variable, heavy rains lately prevailing. No injury has, however, at present been sustained. The hay harvest is progressotg in all parts and the crops appear unusualy large. W7heat islxuritant, and warm dry weather would insure a large yield. The accounts respecting barley are favoural-e. Oats are on somo solls looking wel; on others, the plant is not so promising. Beans, with fine weather, wvi be a heavy crop. This market to-day was wel attended, and there was a fair supply of wheat, which sold at rather firmer prices, good samples of white realiziog 7&s. per quarter; while forred 74s. was obtained. Barley and oate presented no alteration. White wheat, 72s. to 73s; red, 66s. to 72s.: barley, 40s to 43I.; oats, 28 to 318. At Wellngborough, the wheat trade rmied tolerablyactive, and the best samples of wvhite mnade 76s, At lettering, wheat was rather dearer, and good descriptions of whitp realied 73s. DONOASTER, Jusox 21. There hasbeen a considerable fa of rain with a cool temperature and little sunshine. The weather has retarded the catting of seeds and gross. With respect to the grain crops, it appears they have not sustained much damage from the change. WTheat is, on the whole, looking luxuriant in this immediato neighbourhood ; the comparatively low temperature has, however, bad considerable effect in checking the development of the ear. According to present appearances the har. vestcannotommence muchbeforethe niddle of August. Warm sunshine would effect a favourable change, and eventuaUy there maay be no ground of complaint vith respect to the period of gathering in the crops. Barley requires warm weather to forward it. All other ,kinds of spring corn are doing wel The early sorts of peas and beans are in full flower, and the oats stand thick on the ground andpromiseanabundlant return. Thehaycropsa reunprece. dented, wrhlle potatoes seem clealtby and plentiful. In the district of Bawrtry, Austerfdeld, and Nissonthe wheats on the well-cultivated clay lands present a satisfactory appearance. On the Sand and high lands there seems to be a deficiency of plant, .hich has been injured by the red wild poppy. Tils wheat3 on the low peat lands are not good, having been thinned by the wireworm and perhaps frosts. Barley looks wel generally, but is somewhat late. Oats genraUy do not appe.ar satifactry, and are late. Potatoes havo come up Well. There neerr was so many set as this year. Turnip sowig is progressing; some of the early crops arealreadyattacked withthe fly. In the district of Thorne levels the late sown crops of wheat are lookiug strong and promise and abundant icld. The spring wheat on strong land has much improved. The light land crops have not been much improred by the late rains. The grass affords amarked contrast to The small produce of last year. The report from the district of Epworth, in the Isle of Axholme, states that the 'wheats generally are in good condition, although, in places, their growth has been too rapid for them to carry a heavy ear. There is above an average breadth of land under wheat this year in this part of tho country. Barley looks extremely well, but fine weather henceforward is essentiaL Oats oxhibit a marked improvement, and there is the probability of a good crop. Tho prospect of an average crop of beans is not very encouraging. -res have been sown in larger quanttty than usual, and their appeannce is satisfactory. Grass i3 this season far above anr avrge. MangEold-wHrzel is superseding turnips in thin locality. The wheat crop in the neighbourhood ot Barnaley proomises well with the exception of that on the strong land fallovs, whlere it is somewhat thin and patchy. 'rhe extent of land under barley is 30 to 40 per cent. leos than last -ar, u t the crop is apparently satisfactory. Beans, oats, and peas bid fair to yield wenl; grass was never luoswn to be so abundant. The wool season ass been most prolific, a great number of sheep ciipping 141b. the fleece. The price has ranged fromi 17L to l&s. per stone, rith a tendency downwards. In the neighbourhood of York tho condition of the wheat crops in general is;not altogetiser encouraging, the recent wet weatber havinc been prejudicial. Barley and Oats are looking wel generally. Beans promise to be an abundant crop. Potatoes areaLso thrinng satislactoiy. ?st aresy iiearevefine where the gramss was not eaten too late last season, and seedsare equaLy in a favourable condition. Warm weather is nTow much wantedL At thisbaaret this; morning there was an exceLent show of wheat, with a ful a4tenCauce. Oving to the stiff term s asKed by the farmers, trade progressed slowly, at an impevement of 6d. to 1-s, per load tl s.. to2s.d.L per quarter) on last Saturday, and ultimately thenarket closed heavily, at little, if anything, over last week's prices. Iittle was done in barley and oats, but in the latter 'there was an | increase of Sd. to le. per quarter. Beaus commanded an advance 'A 6Cdi per load (L 4d. per quarte). Quotations ruled to-day:-WW,At a. to 3s &per loadof three imperial busboe; fine, s. tofs. ; vain, Us. to 2Ss. per quarter; barley, 40S. to 42V& The cattle trade contnues bris, and barely ufniciemat miat to brought forwardsto supply the markets. Thhe advannrd prices; have consequently been flly amanstaiud, At 'he sesond j"o l fair, held to- Cay, the show was rather large, gooc qliUte alone commanded afre sale. Ewes sandrewtiers is, to 16a. Pd. per aldn of llbm, Linoolnshire (one-third hogsa), 16s. Gd. to l't. PI; ditto(balato two-third bog'), lTs.1 6 to S 3d. UGLOO ST Junm 21. The market was again firm today, and the late aIyaned was folly p,,¶intained. English white wheat, 73. to 7ts. ; md red, MIa to 74s. per Auarter; choioe Danube, :e&. to 7t.; and Ibralla, ii, to GS.: arley, 37s. to 4s. The neigbouring markets hare been looking up. At chew.hn,b on Thwrday, an advance of 6d. to is. was obtained At Tewkesb.m on Wednesday, a small supply realized an improve. !zent of IL. $o 2L At Thombuwy monthly market, on Wednesday, wheat was is de0er. Gloceater wool atid chees mareket havo been held ths 'week. The zupply of wool was better, and prices were rather loxwer. Pine Down wooL 39a.to 4Ts.; andlongwool, 36Z to 3da. per td. Of cheese there was a fair supply, and best double Glocester realized 56s. to 5TD. per wt. WORCESTE, Junm 2L Therwhaabecm an unfayourable change in the season, bat, great damag hboxeen sustained. Fine warm weather is required opuosh thecrops and facilitate the hayharest. H,vmaklag ha3beenemmenced, tbough little hayhas yet been secured owing to the stormy westher. The crops as yet al exhibit the fresh, healtby a*penarce; recently noticed. The market to-day was well attended, and pices were higher. Psaglish anute wheat, 9s. 6d. to Sa 81, and red, a. 9] t- 9s 6d. per bushel; malting barley. Ss. to Ss. 3d.; Englih oats, e 3 to di 6d., and Irih, 3L 9d. to 4s. per 391b. At Kidderminster on Thursday, wheat met a slow rsle at Is. adrance. At Hereford, on Wednesday, there was a moderate show, and an advance of La. was obtained; beans, peas, and oats Is. higher. Droitwich fair was well supplied with fat stocL Beef averaged 7d. to lid. per lb.; sheep in demand at 7ld., and lamb 8d. The hop-markcet is active and prioes are advancing through unfavourable reports from the plantations. CArBRIDGE, JulE 21. The weather has been very changeable, and since Wednesday thero have been heavy rains. The wheat crops are looldng well, some exceptons, however, exists where the plant has not recovered from the severity of the spring. Blarleyis weU spoken of. In some ports the colourisnot satisfactory. tegarding oat-, the acconmts Tary. Beans are exhibiting strength, and blossoming beautifully. The hay harvest hascommenced,andthecrops will helarge. Potatocs giveexcelent promise. At this market to-day wheat sold at advanced rates; the best white samples realizing St, re I7s, per quarter. In barley. there was lttle alteration. Oats maintained former rates- White wheat, 78s.to 81s; red, 70s.to 76.; barley, 38s.etoOs; oats.24s.to30s. A, toyston, thewheattrade was brisk,atariseof£It.perload. At St. Beots, wheatwas Is. perload dearer. Barley was the turn bigher. Oats, beans, and peas fetched fnU rates. NORWICI, Ju-z 21 The weather has been, on the average, fine, though yesterday Wa3 wet and stormy. The hay crop-a heavy one-is being secured under fairauspices. Themarket5 of thisditiliethaveassumedamoresober tone. At ling's lyn on Tuesday the advance on wheat was 2s. toS3& per quarter. At Great Yarmouth on Wednesday, and Bungay on Thursday there was an improvemet of Izs In barley and other orm the transactions were at about late rates. Here, to-day, tlhe trade in wheat was firm, and an advance of Is. was reported. The followiun are the general rates :-W'heat, white, 75a. to 79s.; ditto, red, ls. to 75s. ; barley, 38s. to S2s. COLCEESTER. JuTN 21. The farmers being busy with the hay crop, which is the heaviest known for yers, have not brought their wheat to the markets of the districts so freely as of late. This has assisted a Turther advance. At the market to-day business was firm at last week's currency for secondary qualities, and atls. advance on the best samples. White wheat, lot to Sin.; red, los. to ?6s. i'7. Oats were dearer is., and a good sale. Beans also in request at a slight advance. Yesterday at Chelmsford, the supply being short, holders declined to sel except at an improvement; a rise of is was eventualy established. Both oats andpeas also fetched Is. more than last weel At the bordering market of Suffolk, a further rise of 2s. was demanded,,but not acceded to; but on Thursday, at Bishops Stortford, arise of 2s. to 3s. in wheat was established. READING, Jun 21. Since Tuesday a change has occurred in the weather, which, as far ashaymaking and the wheat crops are concerned, is rather injurious. The rains have been so heavy and continuous that farmers have ecarcelybeen able todo anything with the cut grass, and so thoroughly saturated has it been that a great deal of it wil be uifit for hay. lhe crops of turnips, swedes, and mangold-wurzel have much improved by the wet, and present a good appearance. The harvest wilu no doubt be'delayed; but fine weather and sunshine wil prevent any serious result. The late risein piceshas drawn forth inereased suppies of wheat from the farmers, asasBw showvn bythe appearance of the miarket to-day. Although the American dispute is regarded as virtually settled, the effect of the heavy rain and hafistorms has created anxiety. The expected postponement of the harvest and diminution in stocks lead to the belief that they wil be exhausted beforethsenewcrop can be brought forward,andthis made holdersstand outforan increase upon thehigh t-nmsoflast week The attemptbeing resisted,morereasonabletermnswero accordedand salesmaybequotedin somecasesat afurtheradvance of Is. A greatdeal,was removedwithout having met with a purchaser. White wheat, best qualities, SOS. to Sds.; redwheat, best, 76s. to 82s; choice parcels, S5. The tradein barley rs firm at 3Ss. to 42s., the supply being smalL Of oats, the show was far,from ex tensire, and prrchasestook place an advance of Is, Good Tartary, 202. to 253 ; and Poland, 26s. to 282. ;fine lots a higher figure; The supplies of beans were moderate, but the qualitywas superior sbout Is. improvement was established on the general transactions. reas brought a similar advanc6. The late bise in rorn has caused a little more animation in the flour-market, and prices have advanced 2s. per &eak; households, 5Ms.; seconds, Sis. The local markets have exhibited an upward tendency, quotations, wvith few exceptions, averaging from ls. to 2s. higher. DUIBLI, Jun 2D. There was a firm market at our Corn-Eschange to-day (and the advance of Tuesday was fully supported for wheat and oats, but trans actions were lmited to the wants of the moment, Indian corn met an improved demand, and must be quoted Gd. to ls. per quarter dearer.
THE SEE OF BRISTOr. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Lord Ellenborough stated on Thursday in his place in Parliament that the whole of the population comprised in the united dioceses of Glocester and Bristol was unanimous in its desire to have them again divided. Lord Ellenborough was mistaken; but, even if the fact were as he stated it, the division ought not to be permitted. The present diocess does not consist of the two ancient dioceses of Glocester and BristoL The ancient diocess of Bristol consisted of little more than the county of Dorset. In 1536 this preposterous arrangement was remedied by Dorsetshire being annexed to the see of Salisbury, and the snall remaining portion of the diocess of Bristol was annexed to that of Glocester. At the same time the deaneries of Cricklade and Malmesbury were transferred from Salisbury to Glocester. The diocess of Glocester thus enlarged is still, in respect of population, size, and benefices, below the mean of the 23 proper English dioceses. In respect of population it stands the 14th; of area the 17th; and of benefices the 13th. It is also one of the most compact of the English dioceses. Further, it is bisected ina direction north and south by one railroad, and in a direction, east and west, by another. It has also a railroad slirting it on its southern boundary. In all England it would be impossible to select a district more easily overseen by a bishop of ordinary activity. Then why dissever the connexion 7 "Because they were anciently separate dioceses." For my part, I have not been able to detect the force of this answer, if it have any. Bnt surely no one is going to be absurd enough to propose that Bristol shall again be made the episcopal seat of the county of Dorset, or to suggest that Bristol, shorn of Dorsetshire, shall be r-erected into a diocess ? "Because the bishop has one of his residences inconveniently placed at the extremity of his diocess." But, surely, it is far easier to provide him with a house in a more central position than to divide the sees ? " Because we want more bishops." Perhaps so. But if so, that is a reason above all others paramnount why yon should not begin with consuming two bishops on such sees as you could make out of Glocester and Bristol, even if to the latter you allotted something to be taLen from the contiguous dioceses of Salisbury or of Bath and Wells. There is but one possible source of payment for any additional bishops, nanely, the ChurchEstatesFund; but, before it bepermittedtoprovide an unnecessary bishop forGlocester or Bristol, let other sees be considered. Look to London with a population five times greater than hat ofGlocesterandBristol. Look to Manchester, Chester, .Winchester, with more than double the number of souls, or to Ripon, Lichfield, Exeter, with almost double the number. Look to Exeter, York, Lincoln, Durham, Norwich, with twice the number of acres, and Norwich with more than twice, Lincoln almost twice, the number of benefices. When the needs of these great and increasing dioceses are met then let Glocesterand Bristol be considered. I cannot believe that the Legislature will sanction any measure for disturbing existing arrangements. T. T.
TO THE EDITR OP THE TEILS. Sir,-In the notice of XAe Tines of this day, relative to my brother's appointment to the vacant see, there is oneinaccuracy, which the family would be glad to have corrected. It is mentioned that he ls the son of the " late IWicharcl Trench, Esq." I am happy to say tiat my father is alive and in excellent health. By the insertionL of this yon will very much oblige your obedient servant. Reading, June 21. FRAXfNCIS TRENCI. RI Z'U.nON OF POSTAGE ON1 L Th1;IS TO WESTEAN AUM.rmALIA-On and from theIst of July next the postage uticai letter3 conveyed either by packet or by privat4 hip .tstween the nmited ldnidom and w estern Australia wl be reduced7to &scombined british and colonlil rate of 6d. for a letter not exceeding half an ounce in weight, Ls. for aletter. exceeding half an ounce and not exceeding orue ounce, and 2s. for.a letter exceeding one ounce and not exceeding two ounces, and so on, increasing Is. for every additional ounce or frtion of an ounce. Theopotagoo letters to Westn Australia nay be paid inL advanoe, or the leter may bo forwarded unpaid, at tho optiomfof the Nadur,
TESTLhIONIAL TO CAPTAIN THE HON. GEOIGE GiREY, B.N. fAdvertiscment.1 GIBRALTA1, J'UX 6. Captain the Hon. George Grey, u.N., being about to - resign his office of Captain of the Port, a deputation of =erchants waited upon him yesterday at the Xortoffice, for the purpose of presenting to him the following farewell address "t C,aptain the IHfn. Georse Grey, r,oyaill favv. Sr 'Gibraltar. JuneS, 1S.G. Sir,-We, the undersigned merchant. of Gibraltar, ha-e beard itih much regret that you are about to resign the office o: CAptain of the Port of Gibraltar. * We are, however, unwilling that you should leave Gibraltar without our expressing to you, in oar own names, asd in the names o! the whole of this community, our dewp and grateful sense of the able, the impartial, the zealous, and the courteous mannerste whichyo ahae performed silyour public duties in this colony. Youbhave at all tineg. been ea sy of ac cess and anxious and rcady toe ssiest all these in need of your offlemi ad. 'For manyreasons, then, Captain Grey, weo desire topreaont you - wiSth sotme more substantial assuance of our esteem and regard.thau these few pavsing words, which msay oDu be forgotenL The earnest appreciation ot the efficient discharge of his public duties Ls alwaya gratifying and encouraging alike to the public man and to the cornmurnity among whombe has served. It proves that his duties and thelr interestshaTe been regulated by one commun consideration for the gmenea.l good. It is, therefore, nith the sincerest pleasure, and vith the greatest respect to herself that we request your permission to p reent to Mrs. Grey a portrait of yourself, to be yaintea in }ngland by an artist of her own seection Snd tve shall feel deeply obliged if Am Grey will be oleased to accept the same from the merchants of Gibraltar. as a slight but an earnest testimoniat of their regard and their e%teem for htr husband's public and private character. "And wse also respectfully beg your ow n acceptance of a piese d~ late, upon which a suitable inscription mar be place as a aouvenir fromthe merchants of Gibraltaroryour ocialconneionuith theox irom Ocbtober. lSifi, to June, 1T. "'We hlmbly and earnestryhope that it mnq please God tozble"uro sad Ms.Grey, and your yanlhiul family, wsthhoair.h, wdwxithrna manly happy and pro3perousyears T- lrhomasfDrin}v ter. " 3Eddlseton.Dlandando . "WilliamGbmasford. "Carer and ephew. "Iouis T. Power. *3anuel Gambaro. *James Glssgow and Co. "Benoliel arnd Co. " mrancia Brothers and Co. "Frolich, fIathiasen, sat C.,. John L. Francia. "F. Schott. "'Horatio Sprague. "Thomas .f.oalcyand Co. "James Smith. Lewis Blond, "CaryerBrothers. "CharlesThibaudier andCo. John Peacock>Co. "FrancisX. MihACdo, -Andrew Cormack. "Peter Canepa. Aanuel Playa. *LarlosBrotherm. "Francis Carreras, and Longlands. Cowell and Co. - FrPncico Sanchez do Pins. The Leninsular and Olenotal "R. and 3. Hepper. Steam Navigation Coar Manuel (onmez. pauy. J. B. tevello. "Wn. Y. Smith. "Win. HeorsScaith. Turnerand Co. "- WtosesLe 'Wm, . Smith. J. JL rtbsinez. XIC. :udJ. Levy. "'-. (lulleeioI "lIaslutr-kBrothers. Y. Bergel. "Francis Cassno. "JamesCan an 'Giaoomo tsvello.I )a1ida,cbWtelL Jobn SteTart. Joahur de J. rarieDn. "Joh 31ecano. "Andres Danino. Francis Patxot. "JjsephdeJudahLevY "Cayetano Parody. ep iu sc COl4U-&iOe- "Anthony Mdateo zal of Portusg- Wilam Glover and Co." in reply to this address Captain Grey stated that he BiAt been greatly assisted in the discharge of his public dutief. by the k3nd feeling aud the good sense of the people of Gib' rlitar. in a few earnest and emphatic words he coDavyeds to the deputation grs Grey's and his own acceptance of tlic flattering testimnonial they proposed to give thso,X He. assured the deputation that he left the Rock with tlhe greatest regret, and that he and allbis family wouidpreserV-- a life-long remembrance of tho kindness they had reiolved at', Gibraltar. We have the greatest pleasure in publisb.gn these pro- ceediage, and we heartily congratulate Capai Grey upornhis reeiving this gratifying assurance of pertoniLl esteen for tbe vgorous and satisfactory di3chars e hispublicduty. at Gibraltar. ._.' [Advertisement:i- New Novel, lTy the author of " Tla Wifes Trials." Now ready at all the libraries, in 3 OlE. TVeilod bear"t - a norel, bg the author, of "Tbe Wife's Tr!" a "' welld Hearts vill be widelrrand muneoely admir0d."-Sunday Tihe- "The story isartisticy cenitrin ed, the incidents are ttikinShe aCeDroMYerfully wreOUht. arnd the characters delicately andaikil. deieKJohn Boll " Ihiabook caanot fall to pllease and at_ t F tp.oSt U 'clbsacr S inleeat is wailkeup aD h tor Ucen withi admirable ddel - MomDinl;,drertie, est Kau ma1cttS, 1nsbllslin, srceSecre tlt
LONDON, MIONDAY, JUNE 23, 1S56. How soon we become familiar with a name ! Central America was a few months ago a geographical phrase, just known to the well-informed; and young ladies at schools, who, we believe, are the best geographers, might just know what Central America was, and the five States which constituted it; at least, the first class in geography would have arrived at that point; but the phrase was a very obscure one to a large portion of society. Now Central America figures in the shop windows, large maps attract the eyes of the passers-by, and the exoteric public, to whom geography is a sealed and cabalistic science, are able to look and form some sagacious conclusions. They observe, in the first place, that Central America is narrow, and is what is called an isthmus. They next observe that the Atlantic is on one side of it and the Pacific on the other. Now it begins to dawn as a bright idea upon the mind of that man who has been taking his time and standing for the last ten minutes at the stationer's window, what if that isthmus could be cut through ! What if a canal could be dug across ! There is the Iake of Nicaragua and the river San Juan to help it. Then ships could go from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and these would constitute one grand mercantile sea. But if Central America, generally, is an obscure phrase to the public at large, this obscurity becomes a very thick mist indeed when we go into particulars. How many persons in wellinformed circles had ever heard of the Island of Ruatan before the last two or three months? This island, which has become of so much importance lately, and is now the bone of contention between two mighty empires, has hitherto occupied so little share of the public attention that even its spelling is not as yet accurately fixed. It is spelt in the maps and gazetteers Ruttan, Rattan, Roatan, Ruatan, according to the better or worse information which prevailed at the moment. We are sorry to say we can throw no light on this part of the subject, and wait till American scholarship pronounces the ultimate decision. Well, then, Ruttan, Rattan, Roatan, or Ruatan, is described by MIr. BucHAwA as- "An island of great value and importance, on account of its excellent harbours, which are rare along that coast. Indeed, it has been described by a Spanish author ' as the key of tho Bay of Honduras and the focus of the trade of the neighbouring countries.' Such is its commanding geographical position that Great Britain, in possession of it, could completely arres. the trade of the United States in its passage to and from the isthmus. In vain may the convention have prohibited Great Britain from crecting or maintaining any fortifications commanding the Nicaraguan Canal, or in other portions of Central America, if she shall continue to exercise dominion over the ' Bay Islands."' We thinlk 3Ir. BucHAA rather exaggerates th3 importance of Ruatan, its commanding position, and control over the prospective channel through the isthmus. The project which adopted the river San Juan and the LaLe of Nicaragua as the line of this canal has, we believe, come to an end, and the prospective company, with its contemplated shareholders, shares, board of directors, chairman, and officers, has for some two or three years been dispersed to the winds, and ceased'to occupy the world of even visionary existence. But, if any future project adopts the same line, or one at all near it, Ruatan will be about 400 miles from the channel of communication between the two seas. For all practical purposes Jamaica will be almost as near. Ruatan, then, being thus described, towihom does Ruatan belong? It must be franly confessed that our maps and gazetteers are rather offhand on these questions. They express the prirnd facie view of the case, rather than a strictly legal truth. Thus, with respect to Belize, the best and most authoritative English gazetteer now extant says,- " The possession of this colony was long disputed by the Spalniards, but finally yidded up to ,Britain in 1783." But the treaty of 1783 did not abandon the Spanish sovereignty over Belize, but, specially reserving the sovereignty, only allowed the " useful "domnain" or usufruct,-i. e., the right of cutting logwood. In the same way in the case 6f Ruatan, our maps with their red or blue rather express the general fact that the British have somethin,g to do with the place than any accurate claim of proprietorship. When we come to facts we have to depart a little from the completeness andeclear outline of paper, and we enter upon rather a misty and confused scene. Now we are in the world of American reality, and begin to see what sort of thing occupation is, and how many different kdnds of occupation there are, and what, different versions may be often given of the same fact. Take, e.g., the two following versions of the British, occupations from time to time of Ruatan and the liiy Islands. The American, as given in the report of the Coninittee of Senate in 1853, is- "These islands, in common with numerous others adjacent to the coast, constituted, from their earliest discovery by Spanish navigators, parts of the Spanish dominions on the southern continent of America. It. is truc that durfig the wvars of the butcaniers in the last century, and in course of the irregularities and aggressions incident to that period, various of them, from time to tim, came into the possession of Bngland. Among the latest of these aggressions it is said that in 1830 the island of Roatan was seized by autho rity of the British Superintendent at Belize, but, on com. plaint by the Federal Government of Central America, the act was formally disavowed by the British Government, and the island restored to the authorities of the Republic." The version in our despatches is- " It cannot be disputed that whenever Ruatan has been permanently occupied, either in remote or recent times, by anything more than a military guard or flagstaff, the occupation has been by British subjects." Or take the two verions of one particular caso of occupation in the year 1841. This is the American version, contained in the report of Comnittee of Senate above referred to - " In 1841 this island was again violently taken possession of by Colonel l'Donald, then Her Majesty's Superintendent at Belize, in person, accompanied by a smaall body of men, in a Governmnent schooner. It was found in charge of a sorgeant and a few soldiers belonging to the State of Honduras, who were driven off, the flag of Honduras hauled down, and the British flag hoisted in its place. The result is given in the words of the author from whom the foregoing account is derived:- " ' No sooner had they re-embarked thanthey had the mortification of seeing the union jack replaced by the blue and white stripes of Honduras, for which it bad just before been substituted; and, returning once more, they completed the inglorious revolution by takingsuch precautions and making such threats as they thought necessary. " ' Since this act of annexation the islandhas been under British control, and a considerable number of settlers have been located upon it."-27te Gospel ins Central Ame7ica, by Frederick Crowe ; published in London, 1850. Our version of the occupation of 1841 is as follows - "It is true that the Republic of Central America declared that it had a flag flying in that island from 1821 to 1839; but this fact has merely rested on that Republic's declaration, and all that is positively known is, that when the British Government were aware that a foreign flag was flying at Ruatan a British ship of war was seut to haul it down; and since that time no attempt has been made to re-establish it; but, on the contrary, when on two or three occasions complaints have been brought by the citizens of Central American States against the settlers in Ruatan to tho Commandant of Traxillo the commandant has referred them to Belize, telling them that the island was British." Now, here are two versions of the same story, each of which has its favourite fact, of which it makes much, treating the other's favourite fact with considerable hauteur. There is the fact of the flagstaff and the fact of British occupation in spite of the flagstaff. " You seized "Ruatan," says the American version, " when "the flag of Honduras was actually flying over it, "and the Honduras officials were, in behalf of "their republic, guarding their old and recog"nized territory." " It is true," says the other version, " there was a flag of some kind there, but "as soon as we heard of it we hauled it down "again, and the island has been in our occupation "ever since." This, then, is a question which an arbiter would have to settle :-Was the flagstaff of Honduras, though a mere stick, still the representative of legal rights; orwas British actual and living occupation the true proprietorship of the island ? The excellent remarks " On our relations with "the United States" which appeared in our Saturday's impression suggest, we believe, the proper line for both countries to take on these questions, and that is the line of fair and amicable reference to a third party, whether in the shape of another Power or of some scientific referees. Such an arrangement will secure, so far as any can, the continuance of the CrxAvoNBULWER Treaty,-a treaty which it is certainly the wisdom of this country to keep alive, and which was sagaciously framed to serve alike the interests of this country and the commerce of the world.
The Conservatives have always laid much stress on what they term constitutional conduct. A thing may be legal, it may be desirable, it may be consistent with common sense and the judgment of the majority, but if precedent be against it, or even if past records furnish no analogous case, then we are sure to have a dissertation on the unwritten obligations which bind the English statesman, and on that abnegation of strict rights without which the constitutional machine must cease to work. Lord D3nRBY and his adherents in the House of Lords should practise the maxims they are so fond of urging. If ever an opposition was maintained by the obstinate exercise of legal rights, it is that by which the Rouse of Lords has since the year 1848 prevented Jews from taking their seats, after having been elected members of the House of Commons. The arguments for and against this measure we shall not again inflict on our readers. All persons conversant with recent politics perfectly understand the nature and causes of this prolonged resistance. Since the acceptance of liberal doctrines by the nation it has become impossible for any man or party to withstand the steady march of political reform. Every Government, whatever may have been the proclaimed opinions of the men composing it, is obliged to proceed in a certain course, to carry out the plans of its predecessors, to satisfy the natural hopes and aspirations of the people. I Neither section of the Legislature can offer a safe resistance to the great measures on which the heart of the nation is set. The Tory of the old school was, indeed, sufficiently courageous, but he exists no longer, and the modern Conservative is a being of feebler nerve and less inveterate convictions. Rlence he never thinks of resisting strong popular pressure, and but that the Jews are few, ! and there is not much enthusiasm for them, they would not have had to wait so long for a relief from their disabilities. Ofcourseargumentshavenot been wanting on their Bide such as are sufficient to satisfy men who have not forrnea- a conclusion beforehand. The public is tired of the reasoning of the two parties, well knowing that neither is likely to convert their opponents; but now, in the ninth year of the discussion, it is as well to consider whether the affair should not be concluded. The supporters of the Jews do their best to effect the object in one way by allowing the elected members to talie their seats. Their opponents, it seems to us, trifle with the question, and endeavour to evade the true issue. The House of Conmmons has just passed a bill for the double purpose of abolishing an unnmeaning oath and discontinuing the form of words which excludes the Jew. Now, there is nothing of stratagem or subterfuge in this course. It is simply an act of courtesy to the House of Lords. The Commons cannot give up their point; the claims of justice demand that they should do their best to obtain admittance for all members duly elected. Hence, they send a bil up to the Lords which will effect the desired object; but they give it a form which will allow the Upper House to accept it with as little appearance of recantation as possible. Is it not, then, a childish act for a man who has been the First Mlinister of the CRowx to affect to ignore the main purpose of the bill, and to bring in a cross-bill to amend the oath of abjuration, by omitting several sentences, but without touching the words " on tbe true faith of a Chris" tian ?" Yet such is the purport of the bill which Lord DERBY seeks to substitute for that sent up from the Commons. As if he did not, recognize that the purpose of the Commons was to give the Peers in the mnost courteous mauner an opportunity of reconsidering their decision, he seeks to confne legislation to the mere husk of the measure, totally evading any settlement of the question which has remained undetermined for so many years. The second reading of the bill which has just passed the Lower House stands for to-day in the House of Lords. We feel that any further argument on the merits of the case must be useless, and that if the majority of that assembly be bent on prolonging this unworthy conflict they must have their way. But we trust that the Lords will not throw out the bill merely because they have thrown out all that have preceded it. This is a measure which particularly concerns the Commons and the electors of the countly. On such a question the reiterated demands of the popular branch of the Legislature ought not to be disregarded. Can any course be imagined more consistent with what are called constitutional principles than that the Lords should yield to such reasonable requests, so often, so firnly, and yet so temperately urged? The Peers must be aware that this matter can never be settled except by the concession of what is now asked. Even Lord DERBY does not believe that the House of Commons will ever consent to annul the election of a Jew. It is evident that the present anomalous state of things must continue until the Lords think fit to acquiesce in the demands of the other House. If we know anything of popular feeling, there will always be one or two Jews returned to Parliament for the purpose of keeping alive this discussion. Year after year Jewish Disabilities Bills will pass the Commons in various forms, and the Lords will have the responsibility of rejecting them. But is it consistent with the dignity of either branch of the Legislature to join in this kind of irresponsible obstructivenessY Lord DERBY and his followers merely say that they willnot settle the question whether Jews if elected, shaRl take their seats. Everybody knows that it is the duty of a Government to settle such a question; that if Lord DiRy were in power he would have to settle it, and would, no doubt, after a few apologies, take an opportunity of doing exactly what he now opposes. Mfembers of the Legislature should, then, put themselves in the position of administrators, and not of mere irresponsible critics. The Lords must be aware that the present state of things ought to have an end, and that it can only have an end by the concession which is now demanded. No human being can doubt that the Jewish Disabilities Bill must pass at some time or another. Why not, then, pass it willingly and gracefully at once ? Why defer to do what every one knows must be done at last ?
It is far from our wish to rouse the apprehensions of all persons interested in the stability of our Joint-Stock Banks, but yet the extraordinary letter written by the late JoBn SADL-EIR to his brother JAis SADL=, and printed in !The Times of Saturday last, can scarcely be passed over without notice. We have all heard of "cooking accounts;"the results, if not the processes, have been perfectly familiar to all persons interested in railway property. Few persons, however, have been admitted behind the curtain. We know that the thing is done, but we do not know how it is done, who gives the directions, or in what form the orders pass from the leading mind to the inferior agents. The great difficulty, after all, in a case of this kind must consist in finding suitable agents It must be almost as difficult for a swindling financier to take possession of a bank as it is for the leader of a mutiny to seize upon a ship. To whom can he first brealk his scheme? Is roguery, like disease, caught by contact ? How shall the desirable knave be distinguished from the objectionable true man ? These are questions which, happily, not many of us are called to solve in practice. The SADLIR MS., however, will in some measure supply the void, and show us how communications pass between persons engaged in the laudable operation of fleecing their fellow-subjects. It is very true that we are not here indulged with an imight into the more delicate manipulations of the craft, for JoHX SADI.zm writes to JnmEs SADT2 in the full confidence of perfect intimacy and participation in counsel. The letter of which we are speaking was written on the last day of last year-that is a few weeks previous to the smash of the Tipperary Bank. It was read aloud by the Irish DIsSTER of the Ror.s in the course of the judgment which he delivered the other day in Dublin, and therefore mast be accepted as an official document. The letter in itself, as an official letter, is all that could be wished. The directions are precise, the figures clear, the conclusions obvious. The merest tyro in banking matters could understand it, and carry its recommendation to effect. Even in the Wellingtn Despa.tcls we findnothing which is clearer, or less surrounded with haze and obscluity. " My dear JAs" is informed in the very first paragraph that the accounts of the Tipperary Bank should be made out, treating the paid-up capital as 100,0001. on the 31st of December, 1854. No reference is made to the facts-the directions are clear and precise, as the orders given by the officer of the watch to the man at the wheel-" Make it so," and there is an end of the matter. Jony SADLmrs, however, does not leave his brother JA3rEEs to the unsatisfactory suggestions of his own, perhaps balder, fancy, but points out to him the definite mode in which the operation indicated should ba carried out. The requisite number of shares to make this transaction square are to be entered as vested in A. FERAiLL, Esq., and he is to be debited accordingly in respect of the shares. Who is tnis millionnaire .-this lord of untold thoiusands -this A. F;ssALL? Does he live and have his being in the county of Tipperary, or elsewhere-or is he merely the creature of JoN SAD&R'S fertile imagination9 Baving overwhelmed this i&mbra; in so cavalier a manner with these ainazing liabilities, JoHx SADLEIa prooeeds to point out that the Reserved Fund must be treated as so much, condescending even to notice pence. Re jumps at once to his conclusion, and squares his circle in the completest manner -with scarcely an effort. Truth is still on her knees picling up pins, while Falsehood has walked there and back. The most busineslike recommendations follow for furnishing the " English" shareholders with a balance-sheet at least once a-year; as far as their Irish fellow adventarers are concerned, JoHN SADLuM seems to be of opinion that it is of very slight im. portance whether or no they are furnished with an account at alL The great swindler hopes that by these means the English shareholders will double their holdings in the Tipperary Bank, and that- the balance of 100,0001. will be quickly absorbed. So much for precept-now for illustration. "Now, I k-now rnany of the EngZi$sk joint-stock bcanks, ia orler to give a good appearance to their balance, have cone stantly treaed the amount of their balaizes, <c., by mak-ing a scries of entrics, 2chereby they appeared to have aucets and liaoilities to four times the amount they rcazly possessce or id. This has been alays l;ept very quiet, and what at first was a kind of fiction became gradually to be bon4 fidc." To be sure we have had a few unpleasant incidents in our banking history; but yet we trust the case is not altogether so bad on our side of the Channel as JoN SADi iR would malke it out. What follows is really so astounding for straightforward, unhesitating knavery, that, but for the letter actually before us, wse should hesitate to treat the directions as serious. The balance-sheet for the year 1855 is to be made as nearly as may be to tally with the balance-sheet for 1854. An increase of about 30,0001. in theitemof customer' balances is to be made to appear, and astounding details are given as to the manner in which this arrangement is to be brought about. The plan is scarcely credible. The ingenuity of the mere schemer must have already given way to the recl;essness of the desperado when sLch an ideacould have struck upon the mind even of Joux SADLEIR as feasible. Six or seven deposit receipts were to be issued to him, Jon- SADLEIR, for about 500,0001., and then five accounts were to be opened with as many companies, involving amounts to the extent of 561,0001. Each of these accounts was to be debited with advances made to JoHi SADnLan, as representing each of these companies to the extent of the sums set by him opposite each of the aCCounts ! We know not how to express in any clearer manner to persOnS unversed in the technicalities of banking the nature of JoN SADrm's contemplated operations. For the benefit of the unprofessional reader, suffice it to say that the whole scheme turnel upon the possibility of supplying an ascertained deficiencybyworkingimaginarycreditsagainstimagiary debits-a scheme the merits of wlich may readily enough be tested by any gertleman on the wrong side of the world to the extent of 10l. It is a very simple matter to write down upon one side of a pocketbook that Mr. Sm owes you 1001., while you owe Mr. :BRoww 801., and therefore that you are 201. a gainer on the transaction; and, no doubt, so long as a man can persuade the world that the transaction is a bona fide one, he may obtain the respect and credit due to a capitalist within the limits specified. Reality, however, is a stern commentator upon dreams, and the time must quickly come when such a vision of solvency would melt away like a morning mist. We cannot pretend to analyze this remarkable communication between the brothers any further; but enough has been given to show that, in certain hands, the accounts of a Joint-Stock Banlk can be treated as a mere field for the skittish fancy of the directors. There is no question of an interpolated lie or of amodest,unassuming fraud, but the whole account may be made one continuous lie from the beginning to the end. The figures wiU be beautifully congruous-the prospects of the concern, to all appearance, most satisfactory-the customers numerous and important-the business most thriving; but how if figures, prospects, customers, and business are all moonshine from beginning to end ! It is not the figures but the facts which must be tested, and how are the customers and shareholders to get at the facts? These are placed under the inspection of the directors; but when the directors turn knaves-what then? Here is an ugly paragraph, by which JOHN SAD.rm justifies his little .project:- " There is nothing to prevent the Tipperry Banik from doing what has been done in the Bank, and the Bank, and tho Bank, and-ihatisallIadvise-namely, to open two accounts for A B; to credit oneaccount as having received from A B 100,0001. on deposit; to debit the other account 10,00DD., as having lent A B so much on the secwuity of his deposit receipt, and his personal security, of courso; in every case the Tipperary Bank should receive the deposit receipts and retain the same as security." Now, it does not follow that this allegation is true because JOni SADLEM has made it; on the contrary, his is very tainted testimony indeed. For all that, persons interested in Joint-Stock Banks would do well to satisfy themselves that their trust is iightly placed.
University reformers derive a considerable advantage from the fact that there are two Universities. When Learning was in labour some thousand years ago in this country she brought forth twins, which have ever since divided England between them. One consequence of this is, that when our Universities are reformed they require two bills, not one only. These two bills require two sessions; but between one session and another the cause of University reform has Inade X little progress. So the Cambridge Bill is a xlight advance beyond the Oxford Bill. But Oxford must, of course, ba pulled up to the Cambridge mark the next session, because it woulld be absurd that there should be any difference between the two Universities. A second Oxford Bill then follows, or we presume will follow, which will be just an advance beyond the Cambridge Bil. Then Cambridge must be pulled up to the Oxford mark. Our University reformers have thus a moat convenient steppingstone provided for them, and go from an Oxford to a Cambridge Bill, and from a Cambridge to an O:xford Bill. Were there only one University, one University Reform Bill would do; that would settle the quedion for some time, and furnish the Government of the time being with the convenient answet that " the question of Uni"versity reform was settled to the satisfaction of "all parties last year, and that it was not wise to "disturb the settlement." But withtwoUniversities you cannot do this. The twins go on like CAsron and PoLLux, alternately inhabiting Olympus and the Shades. Oxford was two years in the upper region of the Supreme Legislature, and Cambridge was below; now Cambridge is above and Oxford below. The advantage of the two situations is only somewhat reversed since the days of the DIosui, for the twins find the upper regions rather unpleasant, and are glad enough when their turn comes for the quiet shades and home retreats, and they can return to the banks of Isis and Cam again. The Cambridge University Bill contains thres important advances upon the OxfordBill of two years ago. One is that no religious test shall be applied to undergraduates as the condition of obtaining scholarships or exhibitions; another is, that no religious test shall attach as a condition to the M.A. degree, or any of the higher - degrees,
PORTRAIT OF GENERAL WirLIAS.-Major-General Sir William Williams, attended by his aide-de-camp, Colonel Teesdale, visited the Westminster Photographic Gallery, 31, Parliament-street, on Saturday, after having Leen invested with the insignia of the Bath by Her Majesty, and honoured Mr. J. Watkins with a sitting for his portrait. The photograph taken on this occasion is equaly successful as a likeness and meritorious as a work of art. It is on an important scale, and represents the hero dressed in the vniform of a General of artiUlery and wearing all his orders. CASE OP SNv;DLinG.-A middle-aged man named John Bean was charged before the magistrates at the Courtlhouse, Leeds, on Thursday last, with obtaining upwards of 70. from Mr. R. G. layne, M.D., of Leeds, and also with embezzling 81., the property of the same gentleman. It appeared that in September, 1S54, Dr. Mayne was called in to attend the prisoner, who then kept a beerhouse in Leeds. After he had visited his patient a few times Dr. Mayne was told by Bean and his wife that he had been employed to detect certain cattle poisoners in Lincolnshire, who had poisoned a herd of cattle belonging to Mr. Thomas Cart. wnri't Johnson, of Marsh Farm, Barton-on-Humber; that he had caught two men upon the premises, The prisoner also produced a printed bill,Iofferng a reward of 5007. for the conviction of the cattle poisoners, and he likewise showed Dr. Mayne a letter which stated that he (Bean) was entitled to the reward. Upon the strength of theso representations Dr. Mayne lent him a sum of money, and he made a further advance to him to enable him to attend the msizes at Lincoln to give evidence against the men. On his return B-an stated that the men had pleaded " Guilty," and that he should receive the reward in six months. The six nonths expired, but stiU the money was not received. The prisoner, however, stated that the parties had refused to pay him more than 2.501. He next pretended that he had consulted a solicitor, who was going to commence an action for the recovery of the reward. Dr. Mifayne made further advances to the prisoner, but at last, having his suspicions aroused, he took the counsel of the Leeds police, and Beanwasapprehended. Itturned out that he had been employed, in 1S52 and 1853, to watch some premises in Lincolnshire, in consequenco of some shec? having been poi-oned; that a reward of 5007. had Xeen offered for the apprehension of the poisoners, but that no persons ad ever been taken into custody. The remainder of the prisoner's plausible statements were pure inventions. Or. Mtayne had advanced sums of money to the prisoner mounting to upwamrds of 701., and had also appointed him to collect some of his accounts. In this latter capacity Bean bad embezzled about 81. The prisoner was committed for trial on both charges. M1r. Stafford paired with Mr. C. Grenfell, on Dr. Heywood's motion on Friday last. RoiAL CoLLEGE or SuRGZEo-s.-The following gentlemen having undergone the necessary examinations for the diploma were admitted members of the College at the 3neetin3 of the Court of Examiners on the 20th inst. MIessrs. Francis Clowes, Stalham, Norfolk ; Charles Evans Miuriel, Norwich; Charles Henry Slaughter, Farningham ; Frederick Borough, Derby; Alfred Meadows, Ipswich; William Bishop Cooke, Glocester ;Hugh Porter Rea, EelI fast; Alfred Fallon, Boyal Navy; William Oxley, Rother. ham; John Dickinson, Newcastle; Louis Hugh Fricker, Glocester-crescent, Regent's Park; John Ewart, Monk. wearmouth, Sunderland; James Oliver, Verno nlace loomnsbury; Walter Patrick Joseph Purcell, WaterVord 2ud William Wittman Thompson, Bognor, Sussex. At the same maeting of the Court hMr. William Tait Carr passed his examination for Naval Surgeon; this gentleman had previously been admitt6u! a member of the College, his diploma &WLag date BUY9, 1851.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE THE EAST (By SUBXM5-Z AiND nmSnI TMXGP.APH.) We have received the following telegraphic depatch from our Marseilles correspondent:- " MABSEILLS, Jirz 22, U 50 A.M. "The Alexandre has arrived with advices from Constantinople of the 12th, and from the Crimea of the 10th inst. "Despatches left at 9 a.m. "Your correspondent, writing from the Crimea on the 10th inst., says .- " ' The Russians have announced that they will not allow the importation of merchandise into the Crimea except by Theodosia and Eiapatoria. " ' General Jaknowsky has been appointed Civil Governor of the Crimea. " ' The 71st Regiment has been sent back from Balaklava to Kertch, at the request of the Russians, until the departure of the Turks. " ' The 88th has left by the Belleisle ; the 2d Battalion of Fusileers by the King Philip; and the 31st by the Charity. "'Surgeon O'Connor has committed suicide. "'The Russians have offered to purchase the old huts. " ' The weather is fine, the heat moderate, and the army in good health.' "
COURT CIRCULAR. Lord Panmure had an audience of Her Majesty. The Regent of Baden took leave of the Queen on Friday afternoon and travelled to Dover, en r0oute to Paris, attended by Colonel Baron Seutter, Baron de Gemmingen, and Dr. EUman. The Hon. Mortimer Sackville West, Groom in Waiting to the Queen, attended his Royal Highness from Buckingham Palace to Dover. On Saturday morning Her Majesty rode on horsebackl with the Princess Royal, the Prince Consort, and Prince Frederick William of Prussia. The Hon. Flora Macdonald, Baron Moltke, Lord Charles Fitzroy, and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros attended. Prince Fredenck William, attended by Colonel Francis Seymour, Baron Moltke, and lieutenant do Schreckenstein, afterwards inspected the Cavalry Barracks at Knightsbridge. Hlis Royal Highness Prince Albert, Master of the Trinity. house, presided at the annual dinner of tho Corporation on Saturday evening at the Trinity-house, Tower-hill. The Prince wvas attended by the Marquis of Abercorn, Lord George Lennox, Colonel the Hon. C. B3. Phipps, and Captain the Hon. de Ros. The Queen honoured the Royal Italian Opera, Lyceum Theatre, with her presence in the evening; Her Majesty w7as accompanied by the Prince of Wales, the Princess Alice, and Prince Frederick William of Prussia. The Rloyal suite consisted of the Duchess of AthoIl, the Hon. Caroline Cavendish, Lord R"ivers, Baron Moltke, and LUord Charles Fitzroy esterdas Her Mfajesty and hieMyalHighness therPnrnce Consort, with the Prince of Wales, the Pnrncess Royal, and the PRincess Alice, attended Divine service in the Chael of Buckinghau Palace. The Hon. andery Rev. thoe Dean of Windsor officiated. The Duhchess of Sent and Prince Frederick Wilniag of Prussia also attended the service. His Reoyal Highness the Prince Consort and Pince FredeRack William of Prssia visited Prince Oscar of Sweden yesterday at Claridge'sjHotel. Prince Oscar, the second surDiving son of His n ajesty theo King of Sweden and Noray,arvedat BuckinghamPalace in the afternoon and had an audience of the Queen, intro. duced oy the Earl of Clarendon, Secretary of State for Fof reign Affairs, and conducted by Major-General the Hon. Sir Edward Curt, Her Majestyrs easter of the Ceremonies. In the evening the Prince dined with Her Majesty. General Sir EdwPard Bovwater has relieved LieutenantColonel Cavendish in his duties as the Groom in Waiting to the Queen. Lieutenant-Colonel Cavendish wil remain in attendance on his Royal Highness Prince Oscar of Sw eden during his stay in this conntry. prince Oscar, of Sweden, visited her Royal Highness tho Duchess of Sent ycnterday at Clarence-house, St. James's. The Prince also paid a visit to the Duchess of Glocester, at Glocester-house. A deputation with respect to the Amended Medical Profession Bill had an interview on Thursday ith the Bight Hon. e. Covenr, h.P., at the oflice of the General Board of Health, Whitehall. The deputation consisted of Mr. LawQrence, President of .he Royal College of Surgeons, England; Dr. nood, President of the Royal College of Surgeons, Edinburgh; Dr. Williams, President of the Royal olle'e of Surgeons, Ireland; Dr. James S. Hughes, Coun-I cillor of the Royal College of Surgeons, Ireland;- and Dr. A. D. Anderson, ex-Prespdent of the Faculty of Physicians ;and Surgeons of Glasgow. The Bishop of Victoria had an interview ywith Mr. Secretary Labouchere on Friday at the Colonialfoficeo A deputation, consisting of Mr. Rickards, the chair.an, Mr. Hfodgion, the vice-chairan and Mr. HIarrop~ the clerk of thie Manchester Board of Guardians, had an interviewn ith the Right Hon. ei;. P. Bouverie on Saturday at the oflice of the Poor Law Board, Vhitehall, on the subject of the education of the children of out-door paupers. A deputation respecting a gate into Kensington-gardens had an interview with the Right Hon. Sir B. Hall, at the oftiice of PubiecWorks, Witehall-place, on Satulday. The deputation incuded c tajor-General Maclean, her. J. U Ellis, Mor. A. thenry, and adieutea itrColonel Hay. The Judicial Commnittee of the Privy Council sat on Saturday and concluded the hearing of an appeal from the Prerogative Court, " Dimes v. Dimes." An a p eal from the Prerogative Court of York, " Brouvn v. Platt, as commenced. The Lords present woere the Chancel0or of the Duchy of Cornf the Judge of the Admiralty Court, Sir J. Patteson, and. SirW. Maule.
A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday at the Foreign-office. Prezent-Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, the Marquis of Iansdowne, Earl Granville, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, Mx. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Panmure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. VernonSmith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right Hon. M. T. Baines and the Duke of Argyll. The Coincil sat two hours. The Chaiieellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of 101. " Conscence Money," from "H. J. R.;" also the second half of 51.-uote on account of unpaid legacy duty, from "tConscience." Lrvxr.roon, June 21.-The Royal Mall packet. ship MIarco Polo, Clarke commander, of Messrs. James Bains and Co.'s Black Ball line, arrived here this morning from Melbourne. She left the Heads on the 27th of March, and brings on freight 41,000 sovereigns, 70,OOOoz. of gold. dust, 750 tons of copper dross, and a quantity of wool and general cargo. She had 160 passengers. Through the courtesy of her commander, wve are in the receipt of a file of Sydney and Melbourne papers, the dates of which, however, have been anticpated. Tux R~mwAY Srnran.-Lrvxnroox, June 21. -The turnouts held another meeting this morning, and an pointed a deputation to wait upon the directors, respectfully requesting them to submit the questions in dispute to arbi tration. lhe deputation were informed by Mur. Booth, the secretary, that the directors had definitively decided never to employ any ofuthe menwho had struck. FA't x RLWAY Acisourne .-vng Saturday mornmng an accident of a serious nature occurred on the Tunbaodge.Wells and Hastings branch of the South-Eastern Railway, by which one ofthe servants of the company lost his lfe, and tmeo other persons wre injured. It appears that the Parlianentary aup-train, which lenves Hstings at 7 am., arrived as nsual at Tunbridge Wells at 8.26, and thence proceeded on its journey. Having travelled about a mile and a quarter from the latter station, and while in the act of describing acurve in that portion of the line at an ordinary rate, the foreawheel on the right side of the engine became detached, and ran with great velocity up the adjoining embankment about 15 feet. The engine contmtued ilts course about twnenty yars, and then capsized across the rail, a considerable portion of which were torn up. The tender was thrown on to the embankment on the lefthand aide, as nere also some of the carriages, while the wremainder were scattered about on the line, and all more or less shat tered. The pasengers were promptly rescued from their perilous position, ahen it wae found that, with the exception of one of them, a man named Thomnas Stricldand, a turner, residing in the City-road, I ondon, the whole had escaped nnhmrts the injuries whish Strickland had received being aleb of a trivial nature. On proceeding, ho6ever, to the spot wvhere the engine was lying it wvas discovered that the driver andthe stoker theremissing, and search being made for them, the former wvas found lying under one of the carriages, which had been overturned against the embank-ment, being the third carriage from the tender. He was extricated with some di'diculty, and was quite dead His head and face were fearfully lacerated. His body w as conveyed to th Railw ay Inn, TunbridOe Wells. The name of the deceased was Caleb Gasson, an unmarried man, ted 26i, the son of nIr. George Gasson, farmer, of Tunbritwe parish The stoker WSa found at the foot of the embank. ment, a short distance lowcr than the vlace where the driver lay, and wa completely embedded in the soiL, which had been ploughed upr, by the overturned carriage under which he was discovered. Tphe injuries he received were not of so serious a character as, from the position in ahich he was found, miht have been anticipated. He was removed to a farmhouse, where medical asslstance was afforded him, the injured passenger, Stricoland, having, in the meanwhile, been conveyed to the Tunbridge Web s fInrsmaey. A VThr.s h ABhDoNrED AT SEA.-A large ship, completely dismasted and abandoned, was discovered abont 6 'cloek on Wednesday morning by the crewes of twvo plIot cutters and a fishing smack belonging to the port of Crookhave. On approaching the vessel they found that the three masts were gone close to the deck, that she had also lost her rudder, while the roau dhouse and fore topgallant castlo appeared as if they had been burnt. On boarding the ship the men ascertained that she was called the "Moko Castle, ' or "Mhoro Castle,"-it was difficult to discover which,-of Windsor, Nova Scotia; that aBhe was laden wfith timber, and appeared to have been for some day3a water. logged. Tlhrough the most unremeittingeXeltionS, mnvolving no smalldegree of courage, those hardy and enterprising men aulcceecred in bringring the aband'oned ship safely into Crookhaven harbour, where she at presenxt lies, destined, we should hope, to afford a just and amplereward to the salvors. -Cork £xnmirlel.
AMERICA. (BY LBCOC TEGRAPH.) LMVERPOOL, MoNnDY .MomncO. The Africa has arrived, with advices from New York to the 11th, and $983,920 and 2301. in silver. The news is not important. In the Senatethe member for Mlinois had intro. duced a bill for the pacification of Kansas. It simply proposes to abolish the territorial government of Kansas and the laws passed by its Legislature, and extend over the distracted territory the government and laws in force in Nebraska. After a sharp discussion between Messrs. Trumbull and Douglas concerning the merits of the Nebraska Act, on motion of the latter the bill was referred to the Committee on Territories. Mfr. Crittenden had proposed another plan, sug. geting that the President send General Scott to take command of the troops. Mr. Crittenden supported his proposition in a forcible speech. The voice of General Scott, he said, would do more to restore tranquillity than a thousand bayonets. Mr. Mason doubted the propriety of making the request of the President, who, by virtue of his office, has sole power over the matter. Hle did not, however, think the condition of things in Kansa demanded such a course. Mr. Seward expressed himself in favour of sending General Scott, and the suabject was postponed till the following day. Doubtful accounts fromRansas state that the Free State forces had burnt the town of Bernard, destroying from $12,000 to $15,000 worth of pro. perty. The town of Franklin was captured by the Abolitionists, after a desperate fight, in which three Pro-slavery men were killed. Other fatal encounters are reported. Governor Shannon had issued a proclamation ordering all the unauthorized military companies to disperse, and warning outside partiea s to keep away from the territory, as he had sufficient force to enforce the laws and protect the citizens. The nomination of MFr. Buchannan and Mr. Breckenridge for the Presidential position had been ratified by Democratic mass meetings at Philadelphia and other places. The boiler of a steamboat running in connexion with the Canadian Grand Trunk R-ailway had exploded, killing and wounding a number of persons. The latest ad ices from E[ayti state that the rebels, 6,000 strong, were before Aux Cayes. Business was suspended and martial law proclaimed. The New Jersey Know-nothing Convention had recommended Commodore Stockton for the Presidency. From the New York commercial letters we learn that there had been a fair degree of activity in the stock-market during the past fortnight, accompanied by some improvement in prices, attributable principally to the increasing abundance of money and the generally wholesome and encouraging aspect of financial matters. l The dismissal of the British Minister did not check the upward tendency, its effect having beeni felt in anticipation during the previous fortnight. In State stocks, with the exception of Californian Sevens, there was a general advance. Of railroad stocks the sales had been large, at rather irregular prices. The supply of money was in excess of the demand, and the rate of interest had a downward tendency. In exchange a fair business was done, Bills on London were quoted 9i to 94 per cent. premium; and on Paris, 5f. 17jc, to 5f. 16ic. 60 days, and 5f. 12ic. short. The cotton-market was slightly firmer. lour was quoted 10c. to 15c. higher. Prices of wheat were about the same as last noted. There was an active demand for pork at an advance of 75c. to 87ic. on mess, and $1 25c. on prime. The iron-market was quiet. Freights to GSreat Britain were firm and active.
F1 AiD Loss OF LivEs.-Yesterday (Sunday) morning at a few minutes before 2 o'clock, the inhabitants of Lemon-street, Whitechapel, were aroused from their slumnbers bythe springing of policemen's rattles and a general cry of ";Fire !" The zesidents of the street soon became aware that the premises belonging to iTrs. Rebecca Solomons, a clothier and general dealer. No. 2, in the before-named street, were on fire, as smoke in huge bodies was poinng out of the different windows, and a loud crackling noise, like weod burning, could be heard pwithin the building. The first erson outside the house whose attention was dram to the place was a woman, named Mary Ann Sadler, who resides at 2, Wentworth-court, Spitalfields. This Person, in passing down the street on her way home, heard a dog harking violently, and on looking round to see where the animal was, perceived a lurid glare through the crevices of the window abutters. Without a moment's delay she commenced knocking violently at the street door, and, at the same time, she shouted " ire !" which brought to her aid police-constable Wigley, NTo. 141 H. Before, however, suihient time had elapsed for the officer to gain the front of the premises, a grl, eight years of age, a daughter of Mrs. Solomons, made her appearance at the first floor front window, ecreaming in a piteous manner, and crying out that her mother, brother, and sisters were in the fire. The woman Sadler then beged the child to jump out and she 'would catch her. The fire at that time had entered the very room in which the child, her mother, and sister were, and, before the girl could mount the 'window the filames seized the hair on her head and burnt a considerable portion away. The child having jumped outoof windowvas caughtround the waist by the woman Sadler, when, immediately afterwards, the mother became aware of her impending danger, and missmig one of her children, she caUed to another daughter who was sleeping in the same bed to followher. Thinking at the same time that two others who were in an adjoining room had been rescued by some one, she madeher appearance at the front window, when the woman Sadler called to her also to jump out, and she would receive her. She did as she was desired, but although caught round the waist by the other woman, and her fall broken to some extent, yet she was so much injured that it was found necessary to call to her assistance a medical gentleman, and the poor creature remained yester. day afternoon in a state of great sufferin. The liceofficer, on his arrival, sent off for the Royal Society's fireescape, 'which arrived from the Whitechapel station in less than five minutes after being called. Samuel Wood immediately raised his machine in front of the burning house, but the flames had made such rapid progress, and the smoke 'was pouring forth in such immense clouds that the conductor found it utterly impracticable to enter the building. The unfortunate woman then became convinced that three of her children, as wellastheservant, namedCharlotteTrostie,were left behind in the premises. The engines of the parish with those of the London Brigade from Jeffrey and Weilciose squares stations, and another from Watling-street, were prom,ptly in attendance, and a good supply of the East Lon- on Company's water having been procured all hands went to work in an admirable manner under the direction of Mr. Fogo, the district foreman. After the engines had been at work some time, the firemen were suddenly startled by perceiving the head of a woman protruding through the kitchen winlow. She turned out to be Charlotte Trustie, the servant, whose escape seems miraculous, for it appears that about a-quarter of an hour previous she was awoke by ithe barkng of the dog before mentioned, and being apprehensive that thieves had entered the house, got out of bed, and put her stockings and gown on, but the noise ceasing for the moment she went to bed again and heard nothing of the knocking at the door or screands outside, and was only again ened by the scalding water which fell through the burning rooms above. Conductor Wood immediately called for assistance, and with the aid of Mr. Fogo and some of his men the grating was torn up, when Wood jumped down and rescued the girl, who was two feetdeep in water. The fire having been eventually somewhat got under Wood entered Urs. Solomon's bedroom, and there found the eldest girl lying with her face on the bedclothes and quite dead. Cole, one of the firemen, upon entering the adjoining room, found also two other children-one a boy and the otheragirl-likewise dead, apparently from suffocation, as neither body was mnuch burnt. Mr~. Comley, a neighbouring surgeon, was sent for, and that gentleman promptly attended and pronounced life in each case to he quite extinct. To show that the conductor of the fire-escape did all he possibly could to rescue the unfortunate children,-it is only necessary to say that, when ho found he could not enter the windows, he passed over the skylights of the next house, hoping to find a back window, but unfortunately there were none, only a skylight, which, upon being broken by the heat, allowed the flames to spread with greater fury. The police of tho H division, under Mr. Superintendent Stead and Inspectors Garnon and Constable, rendered great assistance to thefiremen by keepingthe crowrd out of danger. The following is a list of the sufferers :-Priscilla Solomons, aged 10 years, dead; Sarah Solomons, aged 7 years, dead; Benjamin Solomons, aged 4 years, dead; Mrs. Rebecca Solomons, much injured by jumping out of 'window-this poor creature was unable to save a sngle article of wearing apparel, and wras compelled to jump out into the street in her night clothes only. Mr. Wells, the landlord of the Red Lion tavern, procureda ladder before the fire-escape arrived, for the purpose of saving the children, but the smoke even then was so dense that he could not enter any of the windows. The loss will fall on the West of England and Sun Fire ofices, The orJgin of the fire is unkltown.
ADMINhIST)2ATIV RFFORM. MET-ING AT THE LONDON TAVERN The Administrative Reform Association, which has been recently reorganized, with a new and definite plan of operations, under the leadership of MIr. Roebuck as its churman, was inaugurated anew at a public meeting held at the Iondon Tavern, Bishopsgate-street, on Saturday. The meeting was convened for 2 oecloclk, and some time before a considerable number of persons haa assembled in the room. At the hour for commencmg the pro. ceeding, however, the meeting was by no means crowded, though afterwards the numbers greatly augmented. The audience in the body of the hall exhibited no great enthusiasm during any part of the proceedings, but signified with remarkable unanimity their adhesion to the resolutions which embodied the aim of the association, and lid down the imperative duty of the people, especially at the p resent time, to take an active part in the management of the national affairs, in the hope of introducing into it the energy, honeaty, and intelligence which ought to distinguish the administration of a great and civilized people. Shortly after 2 o'clock Mr. Roebuck entered the meeting, accompanied by Mr. Samuel Morley, the late chairmaa of the association; Mr. Tite, ALP. - Nr. J. P. Gassiot, Mr. J. J. Travers, Mr. Revans, and several other gentlemnen. There were also on the platform, amaong others, Mr. Mechi, Mr. Murrough, MP., Dr. Michell, XLP., Mr. Bennoch, Mr. J. P. Boll, Mr. Hamilton GeLle, Mr. W. Lister, Mr. J.1H. Elliott, Mr. Underwood, Mr. T. BaUlantne, r. Edunund BuP;e, Dr. Challice, Mr. T. Allan, Mr. T. Buxton, Captain Wilson, Mr. J. A. Partridge, and Mr. W. S. Austin. Meer Jaffier Ali, the Navrab of Surat, entered the meeting while the chairmn.n was speaking, and was conducted to a:seat in front of the platform. Mr. ROEBUCK, on entering the room and assuming the chair, was greeted with loud cheers, which were repeated when he rose to address the meeting. When the plaudits had subsided he said,-Gentlemen, we have called you together in the hope of obtaining your co-operation and sympathy, for we are about 3 public work, and in performing a public work it is absolutely requisite that the public should co-operate. (Hear, hear.) We are here for no individual purpose of our own, we are here in order, according to our lights, to do what we believe is required for the public benefit. But we shall be powerless and unable to produce any effect if the same supineness continue to pervade the public nind which has operated upon it for some time past. I have beheld,-I was almost going to say wvith shame, but certainly with sorrow, the state of the public mind. We have been for the last few years in a state of great danger. To that danger the public has not been alive, and you have, from one step to another, gone on until you are now at the very brink of a precipice, down which you may be hurled to-nmorrow. (Hear, hear.) When I look back what do Iperceive? The Government of this country intrusted to a certain small number of hands, pursuing not the interests of the people, but party interests. We have stood by-and when I say "w we" I speak of the peonle of this country-and have seen the interests of England sacrificed because we have not had the maganimity, the industry, or the courage to Interfere. (Cheers.) We are chiefly to blame for this. Men, if you place them in an irresponsible position, Will act as irresponsible men always do-for their own interests, and not for the public good. You have stood by and seen these things happen, and you have every now and then called out and cried aloud, but have not acted. Now, why do I say this? I will bring before your minds two incidentsgreat incdents-in which you have looked on with apathy and beheld the interests of your country sacrificed. I will speak of the war with Russia and of the transactions with America. Now, the war with Russia was brought about by Ministerial imbecility and when brought about was conducted, I was going to say, with imbecility and corruption (hear, hear), and I believe that in so saying I say the truth. An army left the shores of England such as England never before sent from her shores. Gallant men went abroad to fight your battles, thinding they should be protected by the great wgis of the people cf Enzland. They landed in the Crimea, and exhibited, what an English army has almost invariably done, great courage, great powers of fightig-and there I stop-I say nothing of generalship. (aughter and cheers.) Butstill they were your own countrymen, they were fightingyour battles, and they showedthemselvesheroicchildrenofEngland.(Cheers.)-What followed? Having conquered the enemy in the battle-field you sawthem melt awaylike a wreath of snowbefore the sun of summer. They faded and died, andthe people of England allowed them to be governed by men-who had sent them wholly unprepared for the duties which they had to per form. (Hear, hear.) Now, whose fault was this? Thst of all,it was the fault of the governors whom you appointed, and last of al it was your fault for having appointed those governors. It has long been my belief that the people of England, in this war, are very like the people of America. We are toldtbat the inteligent, instructed,well.to-do people of that country look on at public affairs as the ods of Epicurus are said to have done on the affairs of this mundane world. They were happy-they pursued their own occupation, they obtained wealth and followed pleasure, they were very comfortable, and they left the State to take care of itself. So you have done. (Hear.) You allowed two parties in this country to range themselves opposite each other to obtain political power and to pursue their own interest. You looked on, and -what was the consequence ? Why, tie gallant men who went out in your name to fight your battles, to protect your interests, were made to sufer whaI nmaycall, when Ithiuikofyou, anignominiousdeath. (Hear.) They fell not by the sword of the enemy, but theyfell by causes brought about by the imbecility of ther rulers. (Hear.) They died fromthewant of clothing, of food, andfrom every mischief which imbeciLityand inefficiency could create. Day by day was the soul of England harrowed by the accounts of those transactions, and it was not unti the voice of the press called upon the people of this country to insist upon their rulers doing their duty that anything was done. (Hear, hear.) And let me tell you that we owe a great debt of gratitude to the press. (Loud cheers.) Upon that occasion was tried for the first time a great experimentpublicity was introduced into the management of an army, and we were told that its destraction would be the inevitable consequence. (A laugh.) What wasthe consequence? Why, that destruction was the effect of the inefficiency of our rulers, and that inefficiency was discovered by means of the press, whose representatives were sent there. (Cheers.) Now, gentlemen, what is it that you ought to do upon such i an occasion as the present? OughtyoutobesuchasIhaxve described you-apathetic, and following your own pleasures and interests? Believermethat in followingyourowninterests in that way is to tako a very narrow view of your own interests. It behoves the people of a free country to take an active part in the management of theirown national concerns. (Cheers.) I do not mean by that to saythat you are, liketheold peopleof Athens, tomest together for the purpose of really directing the State, but you ought always to have your minds active and be ready to brinr to bear upon your re. presentatives the sense of theirresponsibility. (Cheers.) This can only be done by showing yourselves fully alive to what is happenmg, and by showing yourselves ready at all times to i visit with punishment any dereliction of duty on the part of those who represent you. (Cheers.) It is idle to talk of administrative reform unless you are ready to have Parlia. mentary reform. (tLoud cheers.) The evil is there. (Renewed cheers.) ,Tust for a moment consider the state of things in thiscountry. Yoahave a House of Commons which is in effect the sovereign power. You may call the State a monarchyif you will; wemay talk ofHer MostGraciousMa. jesty-and nobody speaks of her with greater reverence than myself-but the real pov,er of this country is in the House of Commons, which is said to represent the people. In that house you have by your apathy allowed the whole govern- ment of the country to be m the hands of some half a dozen i families of the land. (Cheers.) I see them night by night, one-half ranged on one side of a green table and the other half upon the other side. I find among them party fihts and individual hates, but I do not see the interests of Lngland predominant. I am not now speaking of the gentlemen who have now possession of the Government of this country as demons in human shape; they are men, and they will act as men always will do in their position. Then, I aek, who is to blame for this ? I unhesitatingly replyyou; for upon this occasion you are to me the representatives of the people of Eigland. I have very inefficiently broughttoyourrecooectionthemisohiefswhichhavefolowed a system of irresponsible government in thewarwith Russia. But there is one event which hangs over our heads, brought about, I am bold to say; by Ministerial incapacity, which is ten times more threatening then anything which you have yet gone through. I refer to the disturbedtate of our corrpondence with America. How was that brought about? Why, if you had had in the Governmentof this country any men who knew anything of the laws of the United States, as they ought to do, they would have known that to attempt to enlist men there was, in fact, to contravene the American laws. And let me tell youl that they learned this, and learned it, too, very early. There has been a blue-book recently issued, and in the earliest portions of the book there is the opinion of a person whom the Government themselves say is an instracted and intelligent lawyer of America, who tels them that to proceed in the course they are pursuing will need necessarily to a collision with America. [Here Meer Jafier Ali, the Wawab ofSurat, entered the meetng, and took a seat on the platform amid some cheering.] We have been interrupted by a remarkable incident. A gentleman from the other side of the globe hascomo among us, showing the power of theepeople of England, and can we be longer apathetic when we have such a singular instance of the consequences of our apathy? I was speaking of the opinion of an intelligent lawyer, who was appealed to by the English authorities with respect to recruiting in America, and he says, " Lawsuits brought against those who contravene the laws of America are among the least of the evils which will follow from this course; ,and he points directly to what has followedviz., the interruption of the good feeling between the two countries. We are now on the brink of a war with Anerica, which is our chief customer, whose people are blood of our blood and bone of our bone-who are but Englishmen transplanted to the other side of the Atlantic, connecated in overy way with us, upon whom we depend, and who are dependent upon us. We are upon the very brink of outraging humanity in going to war with our brethren on the other side of the Atlantic. The cause of this is a want of knowledge, or a want of somaething. else worse than a want of knowledge, on the part of your rulers. They have gone on step by step, and you have looked quietly on, while there was not a rational man among you who did not foresee the consequences of this conduct, and saw that each step which was taken would lead to great mischief and to great misfortune. Why do I bring forward these illustrations ? It is in order to impress upon tho minds of my countrymen that they are chiefly affected by all that concerns the interests of England nationally, and that in the pursuit of wealth, which is the besetting sin of the present day, they forget everything else. (Cheers.) The people of this country are like the people of America-theywrorship the almighty dollar (a Laugh), and so long as yo'a do that so long you will be made, like beasts of rden,tobe the yoke, and you deserve to bear it. You ae 0unworthy of the name of freemen if you do not a! tdp to the obligations of freemen. (Cheers.) What is it, then, ihatI deduce from the homily which I have reWa to you?2 It is that you should take part in the busiess of the Government. How can you do so ? I thinki we can show youa; mode of doingit. 1 have said to youthat the House of Co. mnons is the governing power of the country. _Noaw the great aspiration 0! my heart has been froin th^ first time that I took a part in politics to see the House of Cormaons thoroughly reformed. (Loud choers.) But upon that question I have seen.the people of England hot and cold- at one time ardentreformers and at others shivering at the Tery mention of the name of reform. ("Shame.") Well, it may be a shame, but I am not answerable for the shame. (Cheers.) Well, then, what are you to do? You areto try to affect the House of Commons. You cannot now, in the present state of tho public mind, organically reformit. If you were now to propose Parliamentary reform to the peoplo of England they would turn a deaf ear to you. (Cries of "No, no l") Wait a moment. Ibelieveyou can obtain the same end by different means. The public at this time are so fully alive to the evils of the existing system of administration that by thato means you can affect the House of Commons; but I believe that if at the present moment an angel from Heaven were to come down with a perfect measure of Parliamentary reform in his hand the people of England would turn aside from it. A lath/ I certainly am not that angel, butI Imow this, that if I were I should be unable to obtain anything like a hearing on that matter. (A voice- Trythem!") ihavetriedthem. (A laugh.) Now, in thatHouse which is called a representation of the peoDle what occurs when a measure of Parliamentary reforn is proposed? They say, " Ugh; there is so and so, he has got his crotchet. Well, poor man, let him have his crotchet." The thing passes over, they put him in a minority, and there isanendofit.But if youpursuethe coursewhichl point out you can bring these gentlemen to their senses. Thongh they are not alive to Parliamentary reform, they are very keenlyalive to their own seats (cheers) ; and if you can affect them through that Part, you will affect them very vitally (a laugh), and you will create all that enthusiasm which you now see has so utterly departed from them. Now, how can this be done? I have seen in the House of Commons this phenomenon-I have seen the Government of the country maintaining itself in power by a very smal majority, and at that time I have always found that there was a set of gentlemen who stood apart and made much of themselves. (A laugh.) They hadnot made up their minds, and did not k-now how they were going to vote. They wanted to be courted. I have in my mind's eye several of these individuals. I recollect when the MIinistry of Lord Melbourne had got only a majority of four, a punning gentleman said "coming events cast their shadows before (by four)." (A laugh.) What is the consequence of this state of things? I recollect one of these waiters upon Providence was suddenly seized with a very large amount of virtue, and how was that overcomee? How as the yielding goodness of the man made to folow his own private interests? Simply by giving him an invitation to the Queen's Ball. (A laugh.) Now, what is often done forbad purposes can be sometimes used forgood. In everyconstituencythere are two great parties, but min many there is a third, like tho waiters upon Providence whom I have seen-a body of really intelligent, well-intentioned, thoroughlyhonest men, who, if they have not the power of returning a member to Parliament, have sometimes the power of turning one out. Now, if these men would combine,-if they would say, "W e intend on the present occasion to abstain wholly from voting ; we will notmsupport either side. Mfr. So-and-So, who has called }nmeel! a Liberal, is a shamr; he has not done his duty, and we do not intend to return him ;" the sham would instantly discover the consequences; he would be tarned out of his seat, and his successor would understand that he might be in exactly the same predicament at the next election. By this means you create in the representation of that town a feeling of responsibility; and if you had a ledger opened for every town in this country-if youcould gather together a small knot of men who would thus act in every town-you would be able through them toinuuence the House of Commons. It is to this that I have directed the attention of the Administrative Reformers. I have come among them at their own solicitation, and I must say, upn their behalf, that they have acted, I do not think in the most efficient mamner, but si in a way to do great good to this country. The gentleman on my right (M.r. Morley) is a person whom I think it a great honour to succeed, and he is one upon whose valuable co-operation the fatare success of the association mainly depends. (Cheers.) He and I to-ether and other hon. gentlemen associated with me will devote ourselves to this great task. (Cheers.) We intend, and we hope to be able to reform the administration of this country through the influence of the House of Commons, and in that house we intend to attempt to obtain influence (hear, hear)-not the influence of corruption, for we are not able to corrupt. (Hear, hear.) WYe are not rich enough to cormpt,-but the influence of mind upon mind (hear, hear)-the influence of an organization startng from a centre here in London, and radiating into every part of Great Britain and Ireland, and by which we hope to act upon the constituencies of the kingdom, who are eventually the governors of this country. (Cheers.) In this hope we have assembled together; we have made a plan, and we have called you together to see whether we have your co-operation, sympathy, and support in the great un ertaking before us. (Cheers.) On you eventually all will depend (hear, hear), for if we-Iwas goingto say humble and unknownpersons (" No, no")-were to attempt to range ourselves aguaist the great body of the governing classes in this country, we should be looked upon with contempt and treated with indifference; but, backed by you, supported by you, havinginfused into us thatpower which belongs to you, we shallhave a force thatwill strike terror into the governors of this country. (Cheers.) But again I say the work we have in hand can only be effected by your aid. (Hear.) The corruption which nowypervades every departnuentof the Stateand I speak it advisedly-will tremble to the utmost core when it knows that there is an organization backed by the eople of England which intends toroot them out. (Cheers.) Pow, as chairman of the Sebastopol Committee (renewved cheers), there was brought before me a scene of imbecility and corruption of which I can give you no idea. I felt, as I walked, the very ground palpitate ounder me with putrefacton; but things were so artfully managed-and we had no power to make men speak out-that we could not discover it. (Hear, hear.) Though we felt it at every step we took, we could not bring it out. But I hope, by your aid and that of the Administrative Ileformn Association, to drag this hydra into the light of day, and shame it again into darkness, to establish on the ruins of imbecile and inefficient Government a Government such as you ought to have,-industrious, honest, and sagaciouspursuing, not their own interests, but yours, and holding you, thegreat people of England, up, as what you are often Eaid to be, "the envy of surrounding nations,"-as a people nstructed enough and civilized enough to take into your own bands the management of your ovn national concerns, ind in so doing to conduct those concerns so that the result shallbe the greate-t happiness of the greatest number of the people. (Loud cheers.) Mr. S. MO:EnL!Z said he had great pleasure in moving the foilowimgresolution - " The exigencies of the present time and the singular incapacity lately shown by the various departments of the Government render it the imperative duty of the people to take an active part in the management of the national affairs, in the hope of introducing thereinthe energy, honesty, and intelligence that ought to distinguish the administration of a great and civilzed people." He had a word or two to say in reference to his altered positon in relaton to this association; and he would in all ankness express his feeling-withregardto the change which hadtaken place. He wasinducedtoacceptthechairmanship of theAdmimstrativeReformAssociationattheurgentrequestof those who were associated with him at the commencement of the movement; and he did so in consequence of the deep conviction which he felt that it was the duty of every citizen to do what he could to croate where it did not exist, and to strengthen where it did, a feeling of deep indignation with reference to the misdoings of the Government. (Cheers.) He was not in the slightest degree disposed to boast of what had been done by the association diring the last 12 months. He looked with much regret to any mistakes that might have been committed, and he was notethere to extenuate those errors (hear, hear); but he was conscious that the few who had taken a leading part in the management of the association's affairs had done what they could to excite publc attention to the evils and corruptions of the administrative system of this country. He would say to those who cavilled at what the association had done, "What have you done 1" (Hear, hear.) "Have you done anything within the last 12 months to excite or strengthen popular indignation against this system? If not you ought notto find fault with us who have at least done something." (Hear.) He preferred infinitely to take apart in what this association had been doing than to remain, as hundreds of well-meaning men had remained, in almost a state of lethargy. (Hlear, hear.) But he was there to say to the chairman that he should be happy to work in the ranlks under his leadership. (Cheers.) There was no position that he was not ready to fill-no honourable course that he was not willing to take at his call, when the chairman thoughtthat his so doing might add additional strength to the movement, or induce even one more thinking man to take an active part in the management of their affairs. (Cheers.) HIe was glad to take a part in a transaction which he might, without being guilty of flattery, say testified their respect for that fidelity and that moral courage which on many stirring occaMr. Roebuck had manifested. (Cheers.) It might be probable that on some points the echairman'sopinuonsmight not be in accordance with his; but, so long as Mr. Roebuck's course of conduct continued to be what it was now, and what he knew it would be-straightforward and to the point, Mr. Roebuck would find him ready to co-operate with him with all his heart. (Cheers.) He was anxious that it should be understood what were the grounds upon which they were going to proceed. They alleged that atst yearand he useu the words advisedly-many thousands of our countrymen were sacrificed through the miserable-the abominable incapacitv of men who utterly failed them in the hour of need. (gear, hear.) He quoted from a statemant made to the House of Lords by Lord Panumure, giving an account of the deaths in the army in the Crimea ; and he asked them to observe the immense discrepancy betwveen the number coming under the head "killed" and those who died from disease. The numbers given were the numbers of men, not of officers -- "Riled in action from 19th September, 1854, to 28th September, 1855, 1,775; died of wounds during the same pericd, 1,548; died of cholera, traceable in many cases to mismaugement, 4,244; died of other diseases (that being the phrase used to slur over the revolting abominations in which a vast proportion of those diseases originated) to 31st December, 1855, 11,415 ; died of wotnds and disoases from January 1st, 1856, to March 3Ist, 1856, 3-32-total deaths, 19,314:" Be alleged that every department of the State was abominably mismanaged, and that money and family intereets had worked uinous effects. (Hear, hear.) The question of purchase in the army was a moot one, and he should not then pass any opinion upon it further than to say, that he believed money to be a very unworthy and miserable consideration when put in competition with merit. The idea that an incompetent man 'with banknotes was tio pass over the head of a competent one who happened to be without sr.Ab pecuy WAMilOtion 'was a monstrous one. (He. b .r.) Equaly monstrows ws the family inIluenca Z=. Ne he reur to the striking insance of it given in the deWMg of Lord Panmure,' |nno=ncing the appointment of Geticral Simpson to the conmm n of the army in the Crimea? (Hear, hear.) That proceeding appeared to him to have been perfectly infamous, yet it was little notioed in the House of Commons. He said that despatch -was disgraceful to Lord Panmuri (Hear, hear.) Could he not have waitod a litte time, even for decency sake? He did not, however; but in the yery despatch that conveyed the appointment of General Simp - son he said to that officer:-" Take care of Dowb." (A laugh.) He did not cite the incident as anything very strin g or emphatic, but merely as one instance of the results of our present administrative system. (Hear, hear.) It would appear as if the electric wires refused to carry the name in full, for the name he believed was "Dowbiggin."' In fact, this system of nepotism was ruining the country, and to rid them of it they wanted menin the House of Commons who would take the course saggested by the chairman. Then, coming to our military system, of which recent events enabled them to ,peak, take the case of such men as the Earl of L'acaun and !,ord Cardigan, and compare it with that of General Williams of Kars. (Cheers.) Had Lords Lucan and Cardigan, and Colonel Gordon, theson of the Earlof Aberdeen, been the sons of any common persons, and called Brown, Jones, and Robinson, did any man suppose they would have ever heard anything of the Chelsea inquiry^ (Hear.) And was it because men were of high family 'that they should be allowed to riot in sensuality in their yachts in the harbour of Balalava ! (Hear, hear.) And that, too, at a time when human beings were perishing and horses starving in the camp? Yet, without knowing what would be the result of the Chelsea inquiry, he ventured to say that the whole thingwould be smoothed over. (Hear, hear.) What the Administrative 3Reformers insisted upon was that justice should be done to all parties. General Williams was a self-made man. He (Mr. Worley) greatly feared 'that that gallant man's lips would be closed by the well.eritedhonour which hadbeen bestowed upon him; but did they believe that, if General Wiiams had been a man of aristocraticsa connexions, he would have been left in the state he was at Karsn (Hear, hear.) Their remedy lay in an attempt to induce the people to interest themselves in the administration of public affairs. (Hear, hear.) The mode of action adopted by the Association would be this-they would keep a ledger account of the doings of every member of the House of Commons, and, going back to the connencement of the present Parliament, they 'would "'post up"-tbat term waspretty weU understoodin tht troom-everyvoteandeverycincidentthat'wold betoken the motive of each vote. An abstract of a member's account would be sent to any one who nilght require it for the purpose of information. (Laughter.) They would enter intocorrespondence with constituents, and fmrnishthem witm facts that would enable them to decide whether their representativehaddone his duty. (Efear,hear.) Theywould ende. your to get a very accurate record of that hind prepared be. fore the end of the present year. He supposed it probableand he regretted it very much-that Par ent would not be dissolved this year; but theyshouldtake care to beready long before a dissolution took place, in order that there shouldbe nomistake in the minds of constituencies as to how their representatives had acted. (Hear, hear.) As a citizen of London, and not as a member of that association, he must express his regret that there had not been in- the House of Commons any adequate expression of the feeling of the city of London on those great qouestions. (Hear,hear.) They had four members. One, unf&rtunately, was not able to take his seat yet; but there were three in the house, and, consileringthatthis subject of administrative reform had not been properly brought under the notice of the Legislture, it was hs intention to ask his fellow-citizens whether they would be content with that sate of representation2 (Hear, hear.) They wanted men inthe House of Commons who would oppose themselves to that social influence which had been sapping and undermining the independence of members of Parliament. As illustrating the description of influence to which he alluded, he might mentionthat on anot very distant occasion a Liberal member of the House gave a vote which told in favour of popular views. The next day he found in bis house a scene of domestic affliction, and on seeking for an explanation he was toldthat his vote of the previous night had dispelled all hope of any future invitations to certain fashionable reunions. (A laugh.) He was not the man to undervalue the pleasures of social interoourse; but was it not degrading to men whoknewthat if theyhad not 'E.P5." after their names they would notbe noticed by partes who invited them to their houses t) forego their independence for aristocratic favour? (Hear, hear.) However, he maUht assure the meeting that it was not the intention. of theassociation to dictate in that way, but theyintended to thwarttheCoppocks, theParkes, theBeresfords, and gentle3men hkethem, andto give thegreatmass of thepeople inforinationontheParliamentaryconductof theirrepresentatives. They would have very few public meetings. Their object woul dbe best workedoutquietlyandunobtrusively; itmight be secretly. They had the means of getting into correspondence with respectable men in every borough and' market town In the agricultural districts they might have but little chance, but they would have correspondents in boroughs and market towns, and they oxpected to be able to influence the counties also. (Hear.) They would give information to all, and not confine it to the doings of those on the Opposition benches. (Hear, hear.) It might, indeed, be better that many of their Liberal members were for a year or so on the- Opposition benches; for there were men on the Ministeri benches who, if the people respondedtothe call of thisassociation, would before long cease to be on them. (Hear, hear.) That should be their rourse of proceeding, and, if assisted by the people, hle had no doubt they would succeed in achieving the great object which the Administrative Reform Association had in. view. ((Hear, hear.) The motion was seconded by lMr. GASSIOT in a short speech, briefly supported by-Mr. TnAvN-s and Mr. L-jx, and carried without a single dissentient. * Mr. J'AcoB BELL moved a vote of thanks to the Chairmnan, which was seconded by Mr. MEcir. Mr. T. WALL, a working man, bore his testimony to the Teadinmes which Mr. Roebuck had always shown to assist in the geat rcause of progress, expressed his pleasure at seing the hon. and learned gentleman in his present position, and complimented him by stating that he was the last relic of the class of Eadical-Reformers in the House of Commons to which the late Joseph Hume belonged, and which had conferred inestimable benefits onthe country at large. The resolution was carried by acclamation. M1r. RonBucer, in acknowledging the compliment, said he hailed that as the first day of the second year of the Administrative Reform Association. Hethoughtthey set outwith a favouring gale, and with the approbation of the people he believed he should conduct the good ship into port. He hoped the people would not be inactive, but would keep an eye fixed on the doings of the association and especially on thneHouse of Commons; for, they might depend upon it, the moment the people dcted themselves their representatives would be wortiy of them.* (Cheers.) The meeting then seaatd
Dovzn, Saturday Evenimg.-Iis Royal Highnewa Piince Oscar of Swveden, and suite, arrived at Folkestone from Boulogne in HerMajesty'ssteamervivid, Commander Allen, at 3 o'lock p.m., to-day. The arrival of His Royal bHghness at Folkestone was quite unexpected, as preparations had been mado at Dover for his reception, and the authorities there hadreceived orders, and were waitinz to meet him. Immediately after the receipt of the intellgence of the rrival of the Prince at Folkestone the officials wvho had arrived from London and the Dover authorities proceeded tovFolkestone and went on board the Vivid, when they had the honour of being introduced to his RoyAl Highness. There were his Excellency the Baron Hochschild, Swedish Minister; -. Tottie, Consul General for Sweden; the Hon. Lientenant-Colonel Cavendish, Colonel Streatfield, Commandant of the Garrison, Dover; and Captain 21l`wain, Naval Superintendent, withthe Swedish Consul at Dover, Mr. S. H. Latham. The Prince re_mained on board the Vivid until the train was ready, and left Folk-estone for London at 4 p.m. Thle guard of honour, consistng of 100 mnen of the Scots Fusileers, with the band of the regiment, under the command of Colonel Montgomery, left Dover for London by the 5.15 p.m. train. TnE MysmitRous DEAT AT I1;RLY.-The death of Ms WKEuight, a Scotch lady, under circumstanos of suspicion, at Illdey, a watering-plae in the West Riding of Yor!shire, was mentioned in he 1Times of Friday last. As was then stated, although the coroner's jury who investigated the cause of the death of Mxs. M'2night had returned a verdict to the effect that she had died from natural causes, a feeling prevailed that she had not come to her death by fair means. Dr. Macleod, thet principal of the Ben Rhydding Hydropathic Establishment, at which Mrs. iI'unight and her husband had been residin for some weeks, was of opinion that the unfortmuate lady hEa been attacked by thieves, who hadrobbed her and caused her death by strangulation. Subsequent investigation has zone far to confirm!these views. After the coroner's inouisitionL the body of Mrs. 3'Knight was removed to Scotaud for interment; but was again examined by medical mcen, 'vh% expressed an opinion that she had been murdered by strsmgulation. In addition to superfcial marks on the neck there were deeply-seated eflusions of blood. Some tramping tinkers or gypsies were in the neighbourhood of lIlkey shortly before the body of Mrs. :i1Kniht was found, and, as they have not since been seen in that locality, search is now being made for them. Other steps are being taken to bring the perpetrators of the deed to justice. A subscription has been entered into, and upwards of 100?. raised as a reward for the discovery of the villains. It seems probable that the perpetrators of the deed suddenlyattackeed fis. I!Knight, pounced upon her from some temporary hiding-place in the gill or smzallravine in the Cow Pasture. the placewhere her body was fou-nd, that they had stizod. her by her hands, tightly grased her throat, and also struck her over the head. Insensibility would by these means be at once produced. The murderers appear to have taken away her purse and her pockethandkerchief. Her nurse, however,. could not have had in it more than a few sillings. SUPrOSXI Ioss OF THE OCE1if Quis-.-Thd. ilrobable los of the American ship Ocean Queen, Captain breith commander, one of the London and New York line of packet-ships, and upwards of 100 lives, was reported at Lloyd's on Saturday. This vessel left the London Docls on the 8th of February with a miscellaneous cargo of mnerchandise and 85 steerage passengers, men, 'women, and children, many whole famnilies. After the usual detention at Gravesend she proceeded down Channel for New York. On the 15th of Februay she was seen outside the Isle of Wight, when she signalled " all welL" Since then not th& least tidings have been heard of her, and there is too much reason to fear that she got beset b;y the great massos of floating ice which caused the destruction of the Pacific steamer and other vessels that were crosging the Atlantic, and foundered. The G. B. Lamar, which left the Thames for New York at the same time as the Ocean Queen, encountered immense fields of ice, and was in it for a day and a half. She was phlaed in great errl, but happily succeeded in extricating herself. The Lamar has since returned from. New York, a nd on Satuirday again cleared out for that port. Several other ships on the same line, which sailed after the Ocean Queen, did not see or hear anything of the unfortunate 'vessel, and the letters brought by the American and West India mail of Friday gave up all hopes of her safety She ws a, superior class ship of about 1,0D0 tons bumden with her pasengers, officers, and crew she bad: on board all told, aboat 110.
A UASTRALIA. fNRoM aTr anw; IOIWgWQ,JT%r I. MELBOU1RNE, MARCH 24. We have been for some time without mails from England. The E-arl of Sefton is now 95 days out, and the ship of the Black Ball line of the 5th of January ( beliefe, the Oli.ver Laing) is579 days out. T hey are considered due in 05 days, simply because that is the time named in the contract ; but, although one or two extraordinary voyages have been made in that time;we ought not to calculate upon an averageof less than 75 days. Our latest European advices atre now 104 days old, and even those of the 8th of December were anticipated by the contents of some Boston papers, brought by an American clipper called the Mandarin. The merchants both here and in Sydney complain of serious inconvenience srising from the irregularity of mails ;but it is hoped that the promptitude of our Legislative Council in oeting without delay a stun of 75,0001. in aid of the mail service at the suggestion of the home Government wvill lead to the re-establishment of steam mails by Singapore and the Red Sea. 31y late letters have dwelt upon the increased supply of gold by the several escorts, and, although that increase may not be the exact measure of the increase of production, there can be no doubt that the production has greatly increased on all the goldfields. The average weekly supply of the first 12 weeks of the year 1855 was 30,680 ounces; the average of the first 12 weeks of the present year has been 56,256 ounces. The increase in the monthly averages duling the present year is as follows:- Oances. Weekly average of four week-s in January ... 45,091 Weekly average of four weeks in February ... 51,748 Weekly average of four weeks in March ... ... n,899 The escorts for the week before last, including the fortnightly escort from the Ovens, brought down 90,518 ounces; those for the last week, without the Ovens escourt, brought down 61,910 ounces, the average of the two being 76,214. If the average of the Jast 12 weeks be merely mnaintained, our export of gold will be 2,024,788 ounces, value 11,099,1521. But I bave no doubt the production and exports will considerably exceed that amount. You wiUl remember that in the early part of this year, judging from the progressive increase in the quantity brought down, and from the determination of labour and capital towards the use of machinery in quartz crusching, I ventured to predict that towards the middle of the year the averages -would rise to 00,000 ounces per week. I now feel -very certain that the average of the whole year will exceed that; that Victoria will export certainly not less than 3,000,000 of ounces; and I believe very confidently that the export of this year will approach znd, perhaps, reach 3,500,000 ounces. From the table which I shall give presently it will be seen that the old goldfields of Baliarat and Mount Alexander (Castlemaine), with Bendigo (Sandliurst), still exhibit increase, though they were reported to be nearly" vworked out" in 1853. The newer goldfield of the Ovens (Beechworth) has exhibited a very steady increase, and is in a great mneasure remote from the influences wvhich produce temnporary fluctuation, to be noticed presently. During the first six months of last year the weekly average production of the Ovens, as indicated by the fortnightly escort, did not much exceed 3,000 ounces. The quantity increased during the last six months of the year, and the average of the whole yearwasbroughtup to 3,827 ounces. Thisyearthe averages have rapidly increased as follows :-In January, 4,781 ounces; in February, 5,994 oiuces; in March, 6,944 ounces. It has been said that the general increase is not all production; that part of it is owing to the fact that, while the price is low in Mlelbourne, stocks are kept back, and that when the price rises, as it lihs lately done, to 77s. 9d. per ounce, holders send down their stocks for sale; and that part is owing to the fact that the price at Ballarat having been for a short time higher by some 15d. or 18d. per ounce than at MIelbourne, some cunning fellows tcok up gold fiom Mielbourne by the stage and sold -t to the banks at a profit. N ow, I have no doubt that the first cause has been in operation for the last four or five weeks, and that it has to some extent swollen the figures 'which the retirns exhibit; the other cause may have formed a small portion of the large supply of the week before last, but not of any other veek, for the cause itself did not exist for as long as a fortnight, and, moreover, it has before existed and operated to some extent. Now, if we should take the supply of the last two weeks asan average to be relied on, and from that predicted that the yeafs prcduction would be 4,000,000 oz., or 16,000,000l., then, indeed, it might be said that no allowance had been made for causes temporary and accidental; but in anticipating that the year's supply will certainly h e 3,000,000 oz., as I have stated, and perhaps appiroach, or even reach, 3,500,000 oz., I make ample allowance for causes of increase that are merely ten.porary. And here let me observe that the3 causes cf ermanent increase are apparent, and are, morFover, ample to account for the steacly increase in the average supply that has taken place, and to -warrant an anticipation of further increase; I n.ean the application of machinery, and tha consequent co-operation of capital and laboiur in the pursuits of mining,-causes which did not exist in the first or second years of our golden age, and are only now coming into opE rationpait'ally . nd s'owly having had to encounter much prejudice, as all such expedients have, besides all the difficulties in the way of applying what is new and untried. Even the labouring digger admits the usefulness of some sort of machinery. He sees the great advantage of a puddling machine driven by a horse (like the brickmiaker's pug mill) over the cradle and the tin pan. He cannot deny that for emptying his hole after rain a pump is far better than a bucket. A pump worked by a small steam-engine is an obvious improvement ; and he only dislikes the quartz crasher because he sees that the capitalist comes in for a share of the produce; but he wil soon learn (he is fast learning) that his share is increasing, and we shaU soon hear no more of " a difference of opinion about machinery prevailing at the diggings" As I an- desirous that The Times should be the mneans of establishing in the mind of the Chancellor of the Exchequer-be he whom he may-a wellfounded confidence in the continued supply of gold, w%ith all its consequences in maintaining a demand for British manufactures and in supplying the sinews of war, let me again beg you and him to bear in mind that California produces an annual average of about 9,000,0001. worth, and that I see no reason why improved methods of working should not produce effects there similar to those which they are undoubtedly producing here. I close this statement with the following table of the weekly supply from each and every goldfield during the present year, v ith a comparison of the veekly totals with those of last year I will now only add, that the present price is 77s. 9d., with a tendency downwards. The banks buy bills at par, and sell at 2 premium. Freight is 4i per olunce; insurance is 2 per cent. Thus the co3t of gold to the shipping bank is as follows Price, 7ts. 9d.; duty, 2s. 6d.; freight, 41. The insurance is Is. 7jd., but that is exactly the premnium the banks obtain on their bills. Thus the gold coatsthem at the Bank of England 80s. 7Zd. ier ounce. The private shipper pays the insurance (Is. Z,d.) and gets no preminu on his bill; hence, gold would cost hin 82g. 2Ad. (say, 41. 2s. 3d.) per ounce. It follows that the bankes are now the only buyers. When it is considere that the value oE chymically pure gold (atoe7s. Od. standard) is only aa inconceivable fraction under 41. 4s. 11id., it must be allowved that our goiddealers have enormous confidence in the purity of our metal. I have lonlg considered trade to be in an advscng and improving state. I so considered it, ygg wrill remember, when we were at the very lowvest tage of our commercial embarraisment. I then rsw that our ruinous prices were stimulating con- sumption and even waste at a rapid rate, and that the result would speedily be an obliteration of all traces of gluts and the initiation of an advancing period. Into that period we have now made sonis advance. Consumption and waste have reduced ktccks, prices have improved, and supplies have not yet met the increasing demand, nor are they ik-ely to do so for some time, because, as I have shown, our purchasing power is keeping well a-head. Stimulated by the enormaous prices of 1852 and 1853, the importations of 1854rn up to 7,742,9981., while the e.xports of the same year were only 11,787,227i., ?eing a deficiency of 5,955,771!. I recollect that it was stated in Yhe Times about the end of that year that Victoria owed England a aum of 5,000,0001., and such would have been the case had the value of exports and imports been the tests. But at that time population was pouring into the colony, so that part of the said sum of 6,000,000T. (speaking in round numbers) was for investment in the colony, and therefore a value not to be remitted for. This principle was afterwards recognized by Mr. Samson Ricardo in his pamphlet on the Currency (about 1837), in which he speaks of the "importation of foreign securities."1 iNo v all the property of immigrants, which they had paid and did not owe for, which was included in the above 17 mi7lions, was like Mr. Samson Ricardo's " imported securities"-namely, a value for investment not to be remitted for. Then a large proportion of the 17 millions consisted of consignments "for sale and returns." These sold at a sacrifice, so that perhaps only two-thirds in some cases, or half and even less in others, had to be remitted for. This must have swept away a goodly slice of the 17 millions, or rather of the sixmillions of difference between the exports and imports. In 1855 the tables were turned. Low prices had checked imports, and they fell short of our exports by nearly 2,000,001., the importsbeing 11,568,2041., and the exports 13,469,1941. Thus, tak7ing the two years, we have imports 29,311,9021., exports 25,256,4241., being a difference of little more than 4,000,0001. Now, this sum of 4,000,0001. may seem an enormous sum for a colony like this of some 320,000 people; but let it be remembered that in 1854 and 1855 we received an accession of some 120,000 people ; that many of these were capitalists-merchants attracted hither by the prospects of the colony, and I think it cannot be deemed am extravagant estimate to suppose that they had with them property to the extent of '201. to 251. a-head, forming part of the value of imports in the two years. This alone, under the head of capital for investment, and not to be remitted for, would reduce the 4,000,0001. by some 2,400,0001. or 3,000,0001. I am quite sure that the remainder would be more than met by the losses by those who consigned goods here upon which there has been a considerable loss ; the value which that loss represents being also a value not to be remitted for. tf my view be anything like correct, the colony starts this year in equcilibrio, or something better, and hence our comparative statement of export aid imports for the last three months shows our purchasing power to be much above our purchases. Here is the account Imports in the year 1856 up to the 15th of March £... ... ... ... ... 3,028,668 E3xports for the same period ... 3,617,891 Unexpended purchase money ... R5S9,223 To the above statement I add the weelkly details for the current year up to the 15th of March, compared with the corresponding weekly returns of last year In thle fuxstperiod the account stood thuLs:- Imp1sorts ... .. .. .. .. . ;A£2,4%4.673 3Dxports ... .. .. .. .. . 2,366.615 Balance against the colony . £138,05S In the second period:- lImports £3,08663 ExPOrts . 3.617,891 Balance in favour of the colony . . £589,223 With this state of our exports and imports, and with a prevalence of prices below the averagelonger than, upon principle, I think they ought to have continued depressed-we must not be surpI-ised to find stocks small, and prices good and rising. I should observe here that our admirable tarif heing confined to a few articles only, affords us certain returns of a few leading articles; but in a general view of the state of trade ex uno discs 69i CSis is a safe maxim. Of the few taxed arti6les the following is an account of the stocks in bond, the totals ccmnared -with last yea,r *_ Believing that prices might have begun to rise earlier than they did, and might have gone higher than their present rates without any departure from sound principle, I stiU think it is not difficult to explain why they have not done so. Owing to the accounts of distress and disappointmcnt whiclh went home last year immig,ration has been greatly checked. Last year we had a net gain of people, i. e., a balance of arrivals over departures amounting to about 50,000 souls. At the rate of the first three months our gain this year will not exceed 18,000. All classes have been accustomed to keep their eyes upon the new comers-the merchant for his prices, the house-landlord for his rents, the land jobber for his buyers, the whole country for its labour. This falling off of immigration, which cannot soon be cured, and will bo cured only by the operation of opinion, has, I have no doubt, checked the upward tendency of prices. But then it works tvo ways,-it keeps down the price of food to a reasonable rate, and so liberates a large value to increase the purchasing power of the country, to be expended on other things. Last year flour was sometimes 501. per ton, and more; now it is 231. Our consumption is about 64,000 tons; so that we save in our bread alone about 2,500,0001., to be expended in other ways. The saving upon hay, arising from a decline from twenty and odd pounds per ton to something like one-third that price, must be enormous, all tending to increase our power of purohasinz imported goods. That our exports will continue I have (as I have shown) no doubt; that food will be far cheaper this year than last is certain, *o that I am very sure the merchant who now imrorts will find himself on the safe side. Prices wiUl generally improve. The state of the colony is, moreover, especially favourable to the settler who depends on his thews and sinews. Labour is in good demand; wages are rising, and what is of more importance eirnloyment is easily obtained permanently. Farm labourers, aU artisans connected with building, and servants are in demand. As to clerks and persons brought up to nothing but " employment of a light description," as they express it, they are not wanted here at present, and it seems to me that those who accompany or form part of families immigrating are enoug~h to supply the demand. Some " clever hiands," no doubt, get highlwages. I heard of an arcade girl the other day (we have a Queen's arcade here in imitation of the Lowvther) who gets 31. lOs. per week; but she has long hours, is attractive yet wel conducted, ard is clever without being unsteady. Barri3ters, attorneys, literary gentlemen, fiddlers, and dancing masters, clerks, shopmen, and perhaps shopwomen, are aUl more or less in excess. It is the bone and muscle that is wanted, and I firmly believe that the next few months will be the time for the prudent to emigrate from England. Those who arrive about the middle or latter end of this year will take advantage of the commencement of a rising peri6d, whereas, if they wait till high wages have prevailed so long until they think them permanent, they may postpone their arrival until the commencement of the downward tendency. Arriving this year, they will be in a condition to reap some advantage from the decline by inv6taing their savings in a cheap freehold. All the necessaries of life, and some even of jthe luuries, aenow moderate. Eighteen months ago one bad to give 1s. for a cabba-ge and 2s. 6d. for a cucumber, vrhile potatoes were 35s. per cwvt. Now~, cucumbers Can1 be had at'2d. each, cabbages zat ldl, potatoes about 61. or 71. per ton, and even fruit is abundant and tolerably cheap; for instance, water-melons 6d., grapes 6d. per pound. The rent of small houses is also very low, and that of larger not high. From these -circumstances. JI doubt whether the condition of the labouring clases has ever been better, or even to good as it is now, and is likely to be for a considerable time to come. When carpenters had 25s; to SOs. a-day they had to pay 21. 2s. a-week for a small house, often a mere hovel, of two rooms. All the necessaries of life were enormously high,-some, such as vegetables, entirely beyond the labouring man's means. Now good carpenters, masons, and bricklayers get from 14s. to 17s. a-day; quarrymen, 10s. to 12s.; labourers, 8s. to 10s., with a good demand for their labour. But they must now understand that a fair day's work is exacted for a fair day's wage, and they are not the masters of their masters as they 'were when 70,000 people had comae suddenly into a town built to contain about 30,000, when consequently 9,000 were living in tents, and people were packed in small rooms like herrings in barrels-all wvanting houses at short notice. The last session of the present Legislative Council came to an end on Thursday, the 20th inst., being prorogued by Major-General M'Arthur, the officer who has administered the Govermnent since the death of Sir Charles Hotham. His speech oln the occasion was certainly very meagre. It is, however, the first thing of the kind emanating froin a responsible Ministry. This Council came into being in lovember, 1851, for five years, and expire in November of the present year. But the new writs will issue some time in July, and then the present Council will be dissolved. The elections in New South Wales have already. conimenced. ' Mr. Plunkett, so long AttornieyGeneral of the colony, has been defeated, being in a minority of 17 or 14. He has demanded a scrutiny, but it is not expected to make any very material difference. He is a man of very high character and great experience, both in the Legislature and in his office. He was the great clzcvcl de batailleof the official party, and his defeat will probably influence other elections where the old officials are candidates. Mr. Donaldson and Mr. Cooper, both men of stand-' ing in the colony, and the formner a man of ability, have been returned for the Sydney hamlets. In Tasmania they will also be before us with their elections. Mlr. Smith, the Attorney-General, will come in for Hobart-town, and Mxr. Charmp, the Secretary, for Launceston. It is not expected that responsible government wil work any change of Ministry at first. Here I think some of our official men will have no difficulty in obtaining seats. I should consider it an evil were any determnination to exclude them to grow up. 26th.-The imail closes to-day, bat I have no further news.
PORTUGAL. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) [The following appeared in our second edition of Sa. turdav :-1 LIVERPOOL, SATURDAY MORNMG.I By the steamer Frankfort we have received our correspondent's letter to the 14th of June. The transport steamer Chersonese, from Malta and Gibraltar, wvas coaling at Lisbon, with the 94th Regiment, and reports all well on board. Our correspondent writes- "The political position oftthe Loul6-Sanches Cabinet remains much the same as last reported, the Departments of F?inance and Public Works being still without permanent Ministers. "lhen Al. Julio Sanches agreed to take office, I stated it as probable the 1inistry would endeavour to carry out the arrangements made between M. Fontes and MIr. Thornton respectingthe quotation of Portuguese bonds upon the Stock Exchange, and Ii am now assured the Ministers intimated this to be their intention. " At a private meeting of the majority of the Deputies, the desire was expressed to make some alteration in the stipulations respecting the extra I per cent, to be paid upon the old Portuguese bonds when the revenues of the country will allow it, and the Ministers also intimated their intention to apply to the Cortes for authority to raise a loan of 1,500 contos (about 335,0001.) for the continuation of therailroad and other public works, until the meeting of the new Legislature in January, 1857. " A bill has been brought in to extend the admission of foreign grain until the 30th of June, 1857, at a nominal duty of about id. per 100 lb. This measure has become urgent in consequence of the undoubted short wheat and barley crop in Portugal and in part of Spain. Indiai corn may still yield a fair crop if the showers in the northern provinces become general. Nothing was said to day in the Cortes respecting the new loan of 335,0001., but the Ministers intend to propose!it; as respects the Stock Exchange question, they await 31r. Thornton's reply to modifications suggested or j ,negotiated here by his agent since the fall of the late Cabinet."
THE NATIONAL GALLERY AND KENSINGTOX- GORE. TO THE EDITOR OF TEHE TIMES. Sir,-Without in any way discussing the question of the expediency of removing the National Galery from its pre, sent site to the Kensington-gore estate, as proposed in the bill now submitted to Parliament by the Government, I feel assured that you will, in a spirit of fairness, allow me to correct two very important mistakes as to the facts of the ease contained in yoar leading article of this day's date on the subject. In the first place, you bring a charge of "disingenuousness" against the Commissioners for the Exhibition of 1851, for stating in their late report (to use your words) " that the general conclusion of the committeo in favour of the Kensington-gore site, which was in reality only carried by one voice, is spoken of 'as arrived at by a majority of 10 votes to one, the late Mr. Baring Wall being the only dissentient."' A reference to the report of the commissioners will, I think, show that they are not liable to this charge. They expressly stated that the resolution arrived at by a majority of 10 to I was the following:-" Resolved, that the sita of the presentlNational Gallery is not well adapted for the construction of a new gallery," and there is not one word in the report to bear out the assertion that the com missionersspoke of themajority in question havingrefe. rence to the Kensington-gore site. It did have reference to the Charing-cross site, and, by thus strongly pronouncing against it, so far narrowed the question to a choice between several suggested sites, all of which were in the neighbourhood of Kensington. In the second place, it is true that theresolution in favou r of the XKensingtor-tgore site, as worded in the report of the select committee, was carried on a division by sLx to five, as stated by you (although even then Lord Elcho's motion against that site had been negatived the moment before by a majority of seven to four). This happened on the 1st of August, 1853, but a week previous to that date (viz., on the 95th of July) a division had been taken on Mr. Minles's motion, for inserting in the report a paragraph recommending the Kensington-goro site, and that motion was carried by sLx to three (see pp. xlii. and xliii. of the pro ceedings of the committee). The minority consisted of the late 3Mr. Wall, Lord Elcho (who voted consistently against the site), and Mfr. Stirling, who voted the following week in favour of the site (see p: xlvii.), so that the real opponents on the occasion wero only two in number. The division referred to in -your articlo had zeferenco to the precise manner in which the resolution carried by this majority of six to three should be embodied in the report. Although, therefore, it is certainly true that the resolutioa as fimally worded was only earr:ed by a majority of one, (one of the minority being Lord W. Graham, who had the week before voted in favour of Mr. MEInes's motion,) it i undeniable that tho principle of removing the National Gallery to the Keoiaington-gore site was affirmed by a majo. rity of six to three, and not by the "single voice" spoken of by you. I cannot doubt that your well-known impartiality and 'love of truth will induce you to insert these few lines of ex-. planation, of thoecorrectness of which any one can satisfy himself by referring to the report of the comraittee of 1853and the lately published third report of the Exhibition Commissioners respectively. I have the hononr to be, Sir, your obedient servant. EDGAR A. BOWYING. London, June 2L THE1 MAirS.-LivmRPoOm, June 21.-The British and lNorth American MairsteamLship Canada sailed henice for Boston today with 140 passengers and a largo cargo.
INWESTITURE of the ORDER of tte BATH. (From the - Cowi amrdar.j The Queen held an inveititure of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath oi: Saiturday afterr.oon at Buckingham Palace. Her aijesty was conducted to a chair of State in the Throne-roon by the Loid SteWard and the Lord Chamberlain soon after 3 o'clock.,' Her Majesty wore her mantle as Sovereign of the Orderf -the Bath, ind also the gold collar of tho Order. The Qaeei also wore a magnificent diamoid circlet. The Knights Grand Cross of the Bath were called over at 3 o'clock in the Green Drawing-room by Albert Williarn Woods, Esq. (Lancaster Herald), Gentlenian Usher of the Order, When the following answered .-Lieutenant-General his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, Viscount Palpnerston; General Sir Willoughby' Cotton, Rear-Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons, Bart.-, General the Earl of Westmorland, the Right Hon. Sir George Grey, Bart.. General the Right Hon. Sir Edward Bla'keney, the Right lon. Sir Henry' Lytton Buiwer, Lord Broughton, General Sir Alexander -Woodford, Lieutenant-General Sir John Fox Burgoyne, Bart., Major-General Sir Richard- England; 3ajor-General Sir Colia Campbell, General Sir James Z1lacdonell, General Sir Hew DalUmple Rosa, General Sir James Simpson, and Lord Panmure, Secretary of State for war. The Knights appeared in their mantles of crimson satin and their gold collars. The officers of the Order present were Walter Aston Blount, Esq., Genealogist (acting for Bath ing of Arms), and Albert William Woods, Eq. (Lancaster Herald), Gentleman Ushher of the Order. The Knights Grand Cross were ushered to the presence of the Sovereign, preceded by the officers. Prince Albert stood near the Queen on Her Majesty's light. His Royal Highness wore his mantle as Great Master of the Order of the Bath, and also the gold collar of the Order. lis Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge stood opposite to the Prince Consort. The Knighta Grand Cross ranged themselves on either side of the Sovereign. - His Royal Highness Prince Frederick William of Prassia with the gentlemen of his suite, was present to witness the ceremony. The Ladies in Waiting and the great Officers of State of the Queen's household occupied their usual stations near Her Majesty. The Throne-room was lined by Her Majesty's Body Guard of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms, under the command of the lieutenant. Lieutenant-Colonels Nevill and Cook, the sub-officers, were on duty with the corps. The investiture commenced by the introduction of General Sir George Brown, who was conducted between General Sir James Simpson and Lord Panmure, the two Junior Knights Grand Cross, to Her Majesty, preceded by the Genealogist and the Gentleman Usher of the Order. Sir George knelt near the Queen, and Her Majesty, assisted by Prince Albert, invested him with the Riband and Badge of a Knight Grand Cross (Military Division) of the Bath, and then invested him withtthe Star. Sir George kissed Her Majesty's hand, and retired. Admiiral Sir James AlexanderGordon, Governor of Green. wich Hospital, wasintroduced with the like ceremony, and when near the Sovereign was invested by Her Majesty with the Riband and Badge of a Knight Grand Cross, and also the Star of the Order. Sir James had the honour to kiss the Queen's hand, and retired. The Right Hon. Sir Charles Wood, Bart., First Lord of the Admiralty, was conducted to the Queen by the two Junior Knights Grand Cross, -when ler Majesty, having received from the Lord Chamberlain the Sw%ord of State, conferred the honour of Knighthood upon the Itight HonBaronet therewith. The Queen, assisted by his Royal Highness the Great Master, placed the Ribaud with the Badge of a Kuight Grand Cross (Civil Division) over the right shoulder and under the' left arm, and afterwards in: vested him with the Star. Sir Charles rising kissed the Queen's hand, and retired. The investiture of the Knights Grand Cross being con, eluded, that of the Knights Commanders commenced by the introduction of B ear-Admiral Henry Byam sMartia (late in command in the Baltic), who was conducted bv the Genealogist and the Gentleman Usher to the Queen, and kneeling near the Sovereign, received thehonour of Knight' heod from Her Majesty with the Sword of the Gold Stick in Waiting, 'and was then invested with the Riband and Badge of a Knight Commander of the Bath. Lieutenant-General. Wlliam George Moore was introduced with the like ceredmony, had the honour of Knight- k-oda conferred upon him, and was then invested with the. Insignia of a Knight Commander of the Order. Commissary-General Sir George Maclean (late oni service in the Crimea) was introduced, and wis 3invested with the Ensigns of a Knight Commander of the Bath. Major-General Sir William Fenwick Williams of Kars was inltroduced between the Genealogist and the Gentleman 'Usher, and knelt before the Queen, who was graciously pleased to confer the honour of Knighthood upon him with the sword of the Field Marshal the Gold Stick in WaitingHer Majesty, assisted by his Royal Highness Prince Albert' passed round Sir William's neck the Riband with theBadge suspended of a Knight Commander (Military Division) of the Bath. The Queen then placed on his breast tlle Star of a Knight Commander. Sir Wiliam kissed the hand of his Sovereign, and withdrew. The investiture of Companions of the Bath commenced by the introduction of Lieutenant-Colonel Luke Smyth O'Connor, Governor of the Gambia, who received from Her Majesty the Riband and Badge of a Companion of the Order. Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Atwell Lake, from Kars, was conducted between the officers of the Order, and, kneeling near the Queen; received the decoration of the Rtiband and Badge of this class of the Order. Deputy-Inspector-General of Hospitals John Robert Tay. lor, from the Crimea;' Lieutenant-Colonel Christopher Charles Teesdale, from Kars.; Colonel Edward Charles Warde, Royal Artillery, from the Crimea; Henry Adrian Churchill, Esq. (Civil), attached to Sir W. Williams, at Kars, were severally introduced, by the Genealogist and the Gentleman 'Usher, and received from the Queen the Riband and Badge of Companions of the Bath. The Knights Grand Cross were again called over in the Throne-room, and with the officers of the Order retired from the Royal presence. The Court was attended by the Duchess of Wellington (officiating for the Duchess of Sutherland), the Dachess of Athol], Lady in Waiting; Lady Codrington, Woman of the ledchamber in Waiting; Earrl Spencer, Lord Steward ; the Marquis of Breadalbane, Lord Chamberlain; the Duke ef Wellington, Master of the Horse; the Marquis of Abercorn, Groom of the Stole to Prince Albert; Lord Foley, the Captain of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at Axrms ; Viscount Sydney, Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard; FieldMarshal Viscount Cdmbermere, Gold Stick in Waiting; Earl Iulgrave, Treasurer of the Household; Lord Ernest Bruce, Vice-Chamberlain; Viscount Drmlanrig, Contioller of the Household; Lord Rivers, Lord in Waiting; Lord G. lennox, Lord in Naiting to his Royal Highness; Lieu. tenant-Colonel Topham, the Lieutenant of the Hon. Corp3 of Gentlemen at Arms; 3Major Harmar, Standard Bearer ofthe'Hon. Corps of Gentlemen at' Arms; Major-General Wylde, Groom in Waitingto his Royal Higiness; Colonel Francis Seymour, Groom of the Robes; Colonel Hon. G. Upton, Field-officer in Waiting; Colonel Howard Vyse. Silver Stick in 'Waiting ; Lord Charles Fitzroy, Equerry 'in Waiting; 'Captain th&RHon. D. de Ros, Equerry in Waiting to his Royal iEghness; Sir William Martins, Gentleman Usher to the. Sword of State; Mr. Cargill, Adjutant of the Hon. Corps of' Gentlemen at Arms; Lieutenant-Colonel 3itzmaurice, 'Adjutant of the Yeomen of the Guard; 3kessrs. Parqihnarson and lacpherson, Pages of Honour in Wiiting.; and Colonel Tyrwhitt, Equerry inWaitingto the Duke of Cantxbridge. The Yeornen of the Guard were commanded by Captain Pariker Rickford, the Exon in Waiting. 'A Guard of Honour of the Coldstream Guards was on duty with the-band of the regiment.
E- -TWETUBL OP THE GUABDS. TO THE R DrITOR OF'THE TmES. Sir,-is the rules of the House will prevent my making any obiorrations with referenco to the question to be asked by Mr. Noelbon Mor,day next of the ijnder-Secretary for War, I *slioid be glad to be enabled to ktato, through your meacns, that nothing could be further from my intention in asking 'from the Governmaent for a public entry for the Guards into London, on their retulrn -trom the Crimea, than the ideaxof castxn, the remotest sli,,ht upon other portions of the army. 'The Guards compose tho ordinay garrison of London; on their return totheirusualand (in time of peace) accustomed quarters, it was natural that the peoplo of London should be0 deirous of iwelcoming homge ;tb&o troopsvwhom they justly prize. A' hearty reception has' been given in many places. both Mingland and Ireland,' to the soldiers who have already retarned.. There can be iio doubt tbat the people of London ouwld be equally glid to ielcome the whole Crimean army if opporthifty could be affotrded; but it must, Ihope. ;be apparent'to ill; b6th ci ians anasaldiers, that in asLing for this 8il~:tribaute to the GQsards on their'arival home nLo inyidiosi-distinctiToU coi:ld' bi integded to be dra*n be. tnveen:themisd their %retbren''d' tho line. : . ~ ~ - . 'Yourobedieat serSvant..': RBENy BARWIG, ' EAton-quaire, Junet21. ,
X'HZ ABERDEEN BANK CASE. On Friday last the Court of Seaion- (Scotland) gave judgment in the case of Miss Christian Iesdie, executrix of the late John Leslie, against Davidson and others, formerly directors of the Aberdeen.Bank. The case ws debated before the -whole Court in-November- last, 11-of the 13 'u 'indSeshe present. The action was-originated in 1851 by the Uxte ZI. Joh.n Leslie, of Powis, one of the shareholders of the bank, against six individuals who had been in the direction, or their repreentatives, and it concluded for payament of 6,OO0., or such other sum as should be ascertained to be the marketable value of the shares held by the pursuer in the Aberdeen Banking Company at the date of the renewed contract of 1S28, or a stum in lieu, as dames for loss sustained, on the ground that the defenders had, as directors, been guilty of fraud, collusive malversation in office, and breach of duty and contract. It was understood that abould the pursuer succeed in the action it would establish thelibiity of the defenders towards the whole proprietory. Their interest in resisting it was therefore of the most vital description. The pursuer alleged that, durine the 21 years of the subsistence of the late contract, from rb2S to 1849, the directors, and especially the defenders, frauduleutly and illegally made to their business conneiLons and private relations large advances without proper security, ad these advaces were concealed from the shareholders, and that immense losses resulted, while fallacious dividends were declared, until, at the expiry of the contract, the capital of the bank which'was 2 D0001. in 1828, and vas subsequently added to by two calls of 50,000b., was reduced to 7,000?. M1ore particularly, it was alleged that on five accounts, on which 146,000l. had been advanced prior to 1828, these unsecured advances were increased by 1848 to 521,7271. (irncludin- estinmated interest), which was nearly all lost by the insolvency of the recipients. - The defenders pleaded that the pursuer had not averreE matter relevant or sufficient to support his conclusions for repayment or damages. - They declared that the insolvency of the bank had arisen from great commercialfailures in Aberdeen, and defendedtheir transactions at great length, maintainin that all their actings were optiamd fide, and dictated solely by a regard to the interests of the bank. Special defences were made for the individual directors on various grounds. One had died in 1833, and another was onlyassumed in that year, while others had left the direction between 1843 and 1849, only one of them having been in the managemnent during the whole period of the contract. It was in particular contended that there was a total want of specification of facts to attach any charge of fraud or malversaton individually to the defenders. The opinions-oftthe consulted iudges had previously been printed, and, on Friday- the judges of the second division. (the original judges in the cause) delivered their opinions. The seven consulted judges were unanimous in holding that a sufficient case had not been stated against the defenders, and that the charges averred against them were not relevant to go to proof. - .- The Lord President's opinion was to the effect that there was throaghout the record a failure to specify as to the several defenders the individual participation which they had-in-the alleged fraudulent transactions. He also thought that the conclusions of the summons for conjunct and several liability were not sustained by or properly deducible from the facts set forth in the record. This Last objection, he thought, was fatal. The malpractices alleged were said to have extended over the whole period of 21 years, and the parties alleged to have been guilty were described throughout,the record as the directors, and especially those called as defenders in this case. The acts and conduct complained of were described as acts. and conduct of the directors in their official capacity. It was not necessary for the pursuers to make the whole of the living directors and the representatives of all the deceased directors defenders in this action. That had been decided in the previous action in this case. They were entitled to select and they had selected three persons, still alive, who were directors, and the representatives of three other persons, who were directors, but were now dlead; and they had alleged, in regard to these six persons, that, as directors, they especially were, along NWith the other directors, parties to each and all of the misdeeds complained of in every year from January 1898 to the termination of the contrct in 1849. There was no attempt at separation er clasification, and accordingly the conclusions of the action were directed against the whole defenders as conjunctly and severally liable for -the ,whole loss and damage alleged to have been sustained. It appeared, however, that only one of the six persons was a director during the wholeperiod. It wasnot.allezedthatthere was from the commencem ent a settled purpose and scheme to plunder the shareholders and deludethem by false representations and fraudulent concealment; andthat the surrivors merely followed out, and carried to completion, the original design. The conjlunct and several liability was here attemijpted to be borne out by assuuming in -statement, in some of the articles, contrary to the fact amitted in other articles, that each and all of the alleged delinquents were direct parties to each and all of the alleged several acts of delinquency occurring from year to year during the whole period of 21 years. It was in that wvy only that the pursuers cave to t heir averments the semblance of relevancy with re erence to the conclusions of the action. But no semblance of relevancy so derived, and so apparently fictitious and unexplained, could avail in face of the facts disclosed on the record.- On these grounds he was of opinion that the record did not set forth a consistent and sufficient case to infer the conclusion of conjunct and several liability against the defenders. The opinions .of Lords Ivory, Deas, Handyside, Neaves, Ardmillan, and ffack-enzie were to the same effect, most of whom also held that fraud, on which they considered the action based, was not sufficiently averred or stated wvith such specification as to entitle the pursuers to go to proof. - The judges of the second division came to the same conclusions, with one exception-namely, The LoRD JUSTICE CLERK, who said he could not concur in dismissing the action.. He -admitted that serious objcctions might arise to this action from the attempt to establish a conjunct and several liabilityag-anst the defenders; but he was not satisfied that the views expressed on this subject by the consulted judges on that point necessarily led-to the dismissal of the action. These views he 'thought might lead to the limitation of the action, but not to its being thrown out. He had no doubt whatever that the pursuer, even if the objechon to conjunct and several liability was sustained, was still entitled to insist against the defenders as liable according to their shares in each transaction. Furthler, he was of opinion. that in this case fraud was sufficiently and properly averred. The case set forth in this record was, that the directors made large numerous advances out of the bank funds to their friends and associates, fraudulently and collusively, and in gross violation' of their duty as directors, and in order topromote theprivate interests of their friends, and he thought that case was sufficiently averred in the terms set forth in the condescendence. ' Further, he was not satisfied that the action ought to be dismissed, even if it were held that a fraudulent motive was not sufficiently set forth. It had been. held much too hastily, he thought, thlat fraud was essentially necessary to this action, and he was not prepared to take that viewv, for even if theterm " fraudulent" were struck out of the kmunions, he was of opinion that very clear and sufficient grounds of liability were still stated against these defenders. Lord XuRitaiy said, the record in this case extended to 192 pages, and was drawn by counsel of great ability. Although it was only an action to recover damages, the charges that were mnade upon the defenders might have been matter of crimninal prosecution; for if a director of a bank was guiilty of a deliberate act of malversation in favour of his friends or any other individual, then it was perfectly clear that he was liable to a criminal prosecution. He must say, however, that he did not think this record brou"ht out a relevant case. The action was laid on fraud, ana to leave it out here was like oumitting the part of Hamlet in the tragedy. IHe admitted there was abundance of fraud charged, but he had not found a single statement in the whole 192 pages from which he could necessarily infer the smallest act of fraud or malversation, or that the defenders had done any wrong beyond, perhaps, acting imprudently, and giving undue advances to aid commercial speculations. 'Lord WooD said he thought the pursuer's averments were quite sifficient had the fact been that all the defenders were in the direction during the whole period of the contract. There was, however, no connexion establisbed between the '-rong and-the-wrong-doer, and that link being wanting, he had come to the conclusion with the Iord President that the record did.not set forth a sufficient case to infer the conclusion of conjunct and several liability,against the defenders. Lord Coivwa also expressed concurrence wvith the majority of the judges. The LoRD JLTSTICE-CLERX then stated thet, in accordance with.the opinion of the majority of the judges, the Court adhered to the interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary dismissing the action, and'decerned against the pursuer, with expenses.
JVDICIAL COmITTBE OPr CBrvy cOvxcrIJ Saturday, JuneML - <- DfltE3 V DhIMS AND DLMrS- (Before Mr. P mBERTow LxiQa, Dr. LUSMsGTON, Sir JOHN PATTMSO-, and Sir WVnS ET . ILR&iLx.- TL'ms was ongmanUy a business of bringing into the re-ist ofthe-PrerogativeCourt of Canterburythe probate ofthe last Will and testament, with a codicil thereto, dated ?e, tively the 5th of Februarv and the 9th of April, 1849, of Mi Thomas Dimes, Late of Bread-street, obtained by Henry Dimes and Elizabeth Dimes, the brother and sister of the deceased, the executors named therein, and of proving them in solemn form, or showing cause why they should not-be revoLed. The suit w-as promoted byl illiainDimes, another brother of the deceased. The Court below having piro nounced in favour of the testame-tary papers, the presenl appeal was prosecuted against that decision. The deceased died npon the 5th of August, 1I50, loavinQ personal property of the value of about 3,0001. He -wa& also possessed of certain freehold and copybold property-of the value of 1,6001. plus a- house in the neighbourhood of Claremarket, the value of which did not appear. By the will, which was in the handwriting of the deoeased, who bad been a solicitor, the buLk of the property was gi-en to his brother Henry and his twFo sisters, Elizabeth -and Susamina. On Mr. William Dimes, the elder brother, no. benefit whatever was conferred. The codicil revo3ed;a bequest to a natural daughter, but in all other respects ' eol fumed the wilL In opposition to the will and codicil it was alleged that n November, 1847, the deceased was attacked with a severe illness, which was followed b' ddlirium tremetss; that his mind became therebyso deranged that it was requisite to place him under the restraint of two male keepers; that in the beginning of 1848 he partialy recovered his reason, but his health was nmuch shattered ; that on the gth of January, 1849, he infficted a severe-woundi the bend of his left arm with the intention of destroying himself; that after that time he neither knew the naruxe nor value of lis property, and entertained various insanei delusions, persisted in saying that he had not a penny i." the world, and expressed his fears of being devoured by cats and rats; and that on the days when the papers propounded bore date he was incapable of giving instructions for and executing them. In reply it was said that in 14 his health improved, that he continued to transact various mat; ters of business, and that at the periods in question he had perfectly recovered from his insanity, and was of sound mind, memory, and understanding. The exclusion of 3Mr; William Dimes from any interest in tbe deceased's testa; mentary bounty was alleged to anise from a long existing quarrel between them. u, The QUEE'sAnvocATE end the AremtnlTyADvoGATE' | were heard for the appellant; l)r.BAron and lixr. H&W, }as for the respondents.- Their Lostnssrs reservedtheir judgment.
LAW B?EPOBT. COURT OF CAMWERY. NcoiNs-N. JTx 29 -v- }HOIKE: 'V. BARTON_- (Before the LoBD CH'CAELLOR aid thC LoRiDs JUSTICS of, APrEAL.) This part-heard petition, for leave to reohear a decreeo made by Sir Willimn Grant in the year 1815, was this day resumed. Tne ground of complaint by the petitioners was that the decree directed asettlement of certain property to, be made in conformity with the directions of a will, whereas. the settlement did not correspond with such will. Thaalleged discrepancy vas that some real estates were included' in the settlement, of which estates the testator died intes-. tate. The reasons given why the re-hearing had not been asked for before were that certain life estates, properly created by the settlement, had only lately fallen in, snd thit. the petitioners were ignorant of their rights until a recent. eriod. The property amounts to considerably more than' Z00,000., but the arguments are of a purely technical cha-: racter. 21r. ROLT was addressing the Court in reply when it rose..
ROilS' COURT. CHANCXRY-LA2Z JN-P. 21 -IR RE V SAL PROVTIENT LIFE ASSUiPACE C03f- PAEY. WLNDIC.-UP ACT. RX PARTsT 'nAKn,T. = - (Before the MASCR of the ROLT.1 I This case came before the Court on a question as to whe., ther Dr. Daniell sbould be placed on tho first list of contri-` butories. It appeared that Dr. Daniell, who was one ofthe promoters and original directors of the company, took, 200 shares, which was necessary to oualify him as director;-: and that afterwards a resolution of the directors was come - to whereby they divided among themselves a number ofvaid-up shares, 200 of which were allocated to Dr. Daniell. ubsequently, being desirous of ceasiing his connexion with the comupany, lhe askedthe directors to relieve him - and; the directors passed a resolution that they would do so, and. - allow him to retire, on his advancing them 400. by way of ' loan, on security of their promissory notes. Ee consenteda to this, and executed a transfer to four of the directors o the 400 shares. Ir. SELW%NY, who appeared on behalf of the officiaI manager, contended that Dr. Daniell was liable to contri-.- bute in respect of the whole 400 shares, inasmuch as the. deed of transfer was invalid as betwveen him and the share- holders, however valid it might be as between him and tho' oilier directors; that, as regarded the second 200 shares, t.houlgh liewas not present at the meeting at which those shares were allocated to him, he was present at a subsequent'meeting, at which the resolution was confirmed, and that lie exercised ownership of them by the subsequent deed of: transfer. ],Ir.BATrEN, -who appeared for Dr. Daniell, submitted: that the transfer was valid, and that, with regard to the second 200 shares, his client ought not to be on the list at' all, inasmiuch as the shlares were not "paid up" in the i terns of the deed, and that he had never interfered with - them in any way, except that when the arrangement was. entered into that he should be released from hris liability and his connexion with, tho company he executed the transfer. This act was not, he contended, a recognition of-, ownership any more than the deed of disclaimer by which a trustee disclaimed trusteeship could fix him as a trustee. Lord Eldon had laid it down that it would be a monstrous . stretch to say thata deed of disclaimerof a trustee amounted I to an acceptance of a trust. His HoNoux, said there niight be a question betweeii 'Dr. Daniell and the other directors as to the effect of the , transfer ; but that was quite distinct from the question t before the Court. That question was 'whether Dr. Daniell, i being on the second list (persons 'who had ceased to be shareholders, if the transfers were valid), should he placed' on the first list, which comprised those who were still share. holders. He was of opinion that Dr. Daniell had accepted ownership of the second 200 shares; that the transfer of the 400 was not valid as against the other contributories; and that consequently he must be declared a contributor in respect of the whole 400 shares..
VTM-rqTA'%TCI.V.T.Tn'PQI flr%TTPIPC! -T,- OI -1 THlE ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH COIrAENY OF TELT.A.fn- (Before Yec-Chan4edor Sir R. T. T'DEPSLZY.) I It -will be remembered that some discussion has taken place on two occasions in this court, upon the question whe-: ther a petition to wind up the above company should be - entertained, another petition with precisely the same object' having been presented before the Master of the Rolls, the' -matter having arisen from no search having been made at the PRolLs, but before the LJord Chancellor only, the consequence being that both petitions got into the paper in both courts. Hiis Honour, on the former occasion, refused to interfere umtil the Master of the Rolls had taken some step, and, the Masterof the Rolls havingnow madeanorder oa the petition before him, the question was how the costs of the preseut petition should be dealt with. Mr. SELWvyN appeared for the petitioner atthe Rolls, and contended that the petitioner in this court should paythe costs of opposing the petition in this court, Mr. H. Humphreys appeared vith Mr. Selwyn. Mr. GLASSE and Mr. BoxBunGiI appeared for the peti tioners in this court, and argued that, having an undoubted rijht to present their petition, and the petitioners in the other court having no right to oppose, they must pay the costs of their appearance. 3Mr. SELwYN was heard in reply. The VICE-CHANCELLOR said that the petition at the Rolls being presented first, prm4 facic the order should bh siade upon that. It had been made, and therefore no order could be made upon this. WVith respect to the costs, it appeared that the solicitor of the present petitioners direcId proper search to be made to see whether any other petition . was presented, but his clerk omnitted to search at the Rolls;that was certaeinly a slip, and had caused the present discussion; therefore the petitioners hero must pay the respondents' costs; no costs of aldavits filed, since, the order at the Rolls could be allowed. S SAE V. HODGSON. In 'his cause the .Master had made a report under the 7th and 5th sections of the Masters' Abolition Act., 15th and 16th Victoria, chap. SO, the 7th section of which enacted that for the purpose of expediting and winding up causes and matters before him the Master should be at liberty to summon the parties before him, and proceed with them, subject to appeal ; and by the 8th it was provided that in case the Master should be unable, by reason of the conduct of the parties or otherwise, finally to dispose of such causes or matters, he should report and certify on the whole case. Such a report had been made in the present instance, ane the cause being brought on on further directions, which could only be done on a general report, the question was whetLersuch report was general or speciaL 31r. Glasse, 3r. G. Simpson, Wr. Giffard, and Mr. c. Roupell appeared for the several paties. The VICE-CILXNCeLLOR, h?ving consulted Mr. Metcalfe (theregistrar) said that this was a general report, and therefore the setting down on further directions was the correct course. (Beforc Fice-C7hancdlor Sir W. P. WOOD.) 11D TIM MATTER OF 7IE CLERGY SOCTY A-ND OF THE TYUSTZX HELTIX ACT. This petition, vhich relates to the destination of a legacy of 2,000,', bequeathed to the Clergy Society, was again mentioned this morning. The case has Already appearoa in 2Vie Time.s, in a report of what took place on the original hearing Last term. It will be remembered that the legacy was then claimed by several different societies, each of which contendedthat the term "the Clergy Society" was app licble to them; but his Honour did not consider that there was evidence to support any one claim inpreference toanother, and intimnated his intention of- directing an inquiry and a seheme, at the smem time escluding altogether the night of one of the then claimants (the Bristol Diooesan Cle:sy Charity}, on the ground that t-he teetatrix evidently pointed to some society in London. The petition had in the meantime stood over for the Attorney-Geneeral to; be served, that he might represent and protect the absent charities. On the petition- being called on this morningtho frcsh claimants appeared in the ield, the one being *The Society for the Relief of Clergymenand theam idowsand Children -of Clergymen within the Cities of London and Westminster and Parts of Surrey within the Axlchdeaconry-of Middleiex;" the other, 'TbeAdditional Curate.' Fund" After soine discusion, The VlCE-CHJANCLLOR made an order declaring that tha Bristol Society had no title; anid referring it to chamboers-- to incjnire with refereseceto the bequest contained in the wilt-- w hat aociety was inltended by the teetateix by "'The C lergy Society;" and, if no such seciety appearedl, then declaringl,the gift a charitable gift, and refcrring i; tQ ~csabe-t eo
B :OUR OF QUE' BEC WETMINSM.T7-- J21. I}HE QUEER V. T1E CHUEC1IWARUDENS OF ST. IIICIAE4 SOUT1rA'LPTnl (Sitti-vs in Banco, before Mr. Jusfice ERL and fr. Justice CRBOXrTO) turs case came tetore the Uourt upon a demurrer to a return to a 7mzandamus. The question raised was whether the defendants, who were the churchwardens of St. Mithael's, Southampton, could be compelledby mandamnus to pay to the proseecutors certain sums of money due upon certain bonds. The bonds in question were given many years ago by the then churchwardens in respect of money expended in enlarging and repairing the parsh church of St. Michael, Southampton. The 5'Jth section of the 58th George ITT., c. 35, empowered churchwardens, with the consents therein specified, to borrow on the credit of the ratep such sumsas should be necessary to defray the expense of enlarging any parish church, and to make rates for the Layment of the principal and interest at such time and in such manner as should be agreed upon by the lenders. The facts z,tated in the return to the mandamus raised the question2s at issue between the parties. It was alleged, in the 'ttt place, that the bonds in question had not been given; s required by the act, to secure the payment of money to .be raised and expended in futuro, but to secure money already expended, which coul d not legally be done * and, secondly, it was alleged the prosecutors had been guilty of laches, in allowing the interest to fall into arrear, and could not now enforce payment from the present churchwardens. -The case was argued on the 31st of May last by Mr. Si Smith, Q.C. (with whom was Sir. Archibald), in sup ort of the demurrer; and by Mr. H. Hill, Q.C. (with whom was Mr. Barstow), in support of the return. Mr. Justice ERLE now delivered the judgment of the Court in favour of the prosecutors. It must be presumed that the bonds in question bad been given with the consents of all the parties whose consent was necessary, especially as they had been given with the consent of the vestry, and the interest had been paid for many years. First, with respect to the objection that the bonds were given to secure a past debt, and being retrospective, the bonds were void. It appeared that there was a resolution of the vestry to make the alterations.and to borrow the necessary funds; the resolution to accept the prosecutor's contract was adopted in the year 1826; the consents of the incumbent and bishop were given in the same year; and theworkwasexecuted between the years 12;and 1830. The bends were givenin March, 1830 for 4t00., being the balance then due on the completion of the contract, the whole sum being 2,3001., of which the 4(0!. was the last instalment. The resolution to borrow the money needed not to be acted on until the money was to be paid, and there was nothing to show that the bonds were not made as soon as the money 'was due- so they were given not to pay a past, but a present debt. It w-as then said that the bonds ought to ha%ve been paid off within 20 years, and that the obligees should see that that was done, or they would forfeit the remainder; but, though the 5oth section of the 58th George IUL, c. 45, suggested that that should be done, it was not required, and there was no dut in the obligee to attend to that suggestion. In case of fure legislation justice required that the duty should he imposed on the obligee to enforce payment annually, or ekse to lose bin moneyr; but at present that had not been done, A peremptory mandamus would therefore be awarded. TIHE QUEEN V. ATT- AND OTHERS, JUSTICS OF T}E WVEST RIDING. This was a rule toguash an order of affiliation, made by two justices of the WVest Riding of Yorkshire, adjudging one John Lightfoot to be the putative father of a bastard child. The ground on which it was contended the order was bad was that the justices who made it had no jurisdiction. The putative fatler had left England, and was residing at Portobello, in Scotland, where be was personally served with a summons to appear before the magistrates in the West Riding, in person or by his agent, to show cause why he should not be adjudged the putative father of the bastard child. He did not appear to the summons, and, in his absence, the magistrates made theorder. An application wasthen made to this Court to quash the order, on the ground that, as it was enacted that the act under which the order was made should extend only to England and Wales, Eervice of a summons in Scotland was not a good service, so as to give the magistrates jurisdiction. The question was argued on the 4th inst., by Mr. Dearsley, in support of the order, and by Mr. Hall, ia support of the motion for quashing it. Mr. Justice CRoirrrTON now delivered his own judgment, in which his Lordship said Mfr. Justice Coleridge and ir. Justice Erle concurred, to the effect that the order was bad, besng made without jurisdiction. He thought that service of the summons in Scotland was not sufficient. It was enacted that the statute should extend only to England and Wales, and therefore he thought a summons served in a foreign country was not sufficient. No process could be served in any foreign country except under some statute; and if this service wvas good in Scotland, there was no reason why the same should not be done in Australia. Lord Campbells judgment, differing from the rest of the Court, was read by Mr. Justice ERLE. His Lordship, having stated the facts of the case, said the party had been served with the summonls at Portobello, on the 31st of October, or the 1st of November, to appear on the 17th of November, before two justices of the West Riding, at 1Pontefract. He had therefore abundant time to enable him to attend, but he did not appear. The two justices then, on the evidence of the mother, corroborated as required by the statute, adjudged him to be the putative father of the child. He (Lord Campbell) was of opinon that the party had been " duly served" with the summons, and that the order was valid. The party might have appeared either personally or by his agent, and in not so appearing he committed an offence. Any other construciron of the act would do great injury in the border counties, and would have the effect of throwingthe burden of maintaining illegitimate children upon the unfortunate mother. In this instance the party might have attended, and that did away with the objection that a party might be summoned at Rome or in Australia. He had 17 days in which to attend, and that time nmight have been extended so tbat he might attend in person, or by his agent. If there had not been tune for him to attend, the summons would not have been " duly sen-ed " as the act required. In this decision there was nothing contrary to the principles of general jurisprudence; it was analogous to the proceedings to outlawry. 'I'he 78th section of the 7th and 8th Victoria, c. 100, which said the act should extend only to England and Wales, onlv prevented the act having a general 7peration over the UJnited Xingdominregardtothelaws for the relief of the poor; but it did not affect the proceeding under this tatute respecting bastards born in Eneland; He (Lord Campbell) wvas therefore of opinion that die conviction was lawful, and ought to7 be affirmed, but, as the majority of his learned brothers were of a contrary opinion, the conviction must be quashed. Order quashed. The Court rose soon after giving the above and two other iudgments, there being no business with which their Lordships could proceed. (Sittings at NVisi Prins, at TVestminter, before Lord CnAM- BELL and Special Jurics.) There were two special jury cases on the paper to-day the first was referred, and the second was turned into a special case. (Befor c a Common Jury.) T=E QUEEs V. WHITE. Mr. EDWIS JA.MEs said he had to move for a postponement of this trial. It was an indictment against an attorney for perunry. That gentleman had come over from India purposely to take his trial, but he (fr. James) and Sir. Hawkins were both decidedly of opinion that the defendant could not safely proceed to trial without the presence of a Mr. Hearn, who had prepared the very affidavit upon which this indictment was founded. Hearn, who was the son-inlaw of the prosecutrix, had formerly been in partnership with the defendant. Mr. Serjeant SuE} said the facts ought to be put in an affidavit. Sir. JAM1ES said the affidavit was now being prepared. lord C.usrnnLn said of course it must be upon payment of costs. The affidavit was afterwards produced, and the trial was ;oostponed till the sitting after next term. THE JURY. Five jurymen were fined 40s. each for non-attendance.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, WSTXuISTM, JUmE 21 (teUlngs at N&isi Pries, before Mr. JudtiCC WILLES and Spccial Juries.' The Court to-day was occupied by an action on a bond, and by an action for deceit, in misrepresenting the condition of some cottages sold to the plaintiff, whereby the plaintiff got a bad bargain instead of " a nice little properby for a lady or a gentleman," as the advertisement of the sale set forth. Both causes were interesting only to the parties concerned.
COURT OF ECECHEOUER. SATrRT-AYr .TT- 91 SMITH V. W..LROND ET UXOR- (Before thC LORD CHIE BARON and a Special Jzer?,A ;r. Montagu Chambers, Mr. Hawkins, and Mr. Rose appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Bovill and Mr. J. A. Russell were counsel for the defendants. This was an action to recover compensation in damages for wrongfully giving the plaintiff into custody, whereby she was imprisoned wilthout reasonable or probable cause. It appeared from theevidence th.at r. Walrond, and lady Harrieti, his wife, are separated, and that her ladyship is batg in Wilton-place, where she engaged the plaintff to live with her as lady's-maid .ata salary of 31. 5s. per month. An seen as she was in her situatson Lady Walrond gave her an inventory of the linen over which she was to have charge. About a month after the defendant had been in her situation she gave warning to leave, and her mistress went through the inventory of the linen in order to see if all the articles were correct. Two pockethandkerchiefs were missng, and Lady Walrond deducted the sum of I1. 6s. from the :. as., which she Eaid was the valne of them, and asked the plaintiff to sign a receipt for 11. l9s., the balance due to her. She wrote a receipt, and afterwards struck her pen through Jt and left the house. The footman was sent after, her to bring her back, and, as the plaintiff alleged, he laid hold of her and tore her dress. A policee6onstable 'sws sent for, and Lady Walrond charged the plaintiff w-ith refusing to given proper receipt. The cfScer said that it was no charge at all, and declined taking iher into custody. Lady Walrond then gave har in charge for stealing the ketandkerchiefs. Shewas taken to the station-house and appeared before Mr. Arnold, the police 33agistrate. After she was in custody some imitation pearl beads were found, which Lady Walrond claimed as her pro-peity The plaintiff was detained in custody five days, and 7u11mately Lady Walrond did not press the charge against her. Witnesses were called on both sides, and After the LORD CHE BARoN, in sununing up, had gone =ninutely through all the facts of the case, .2Jwiwr found ^ vwerdict for the plaintiff-D)aiage;, 301.
RP.r.(nI%M rnTTR.} TRYTUMORE V. THlE BRITON LIFE ASSOCIATION. (SiUings at Ni3i Priuzs, before AMr. Baron 3URTLT ancZ Comnon Juris.) This case was part heard yesterday. hMr. 1etersdorff appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Turner for the defendants. This was an action brought upon a policy of insurance for 501., effected upon the life of a person named the Rev. Theodore Buckley. The defendants pleaded that they had been induced to make and enter into the policy of insirance by the fraud and misrepresentations of the plaintiff. The issue being upon the defendants, their case was opened furst. The counsel for the defendants, in opening the case, said it was of the greatest importance to insurance offices, when a person presented himself to effect an insurance upon his life, that all particulars in respect of his life and habits should be disclosed to the company, as it depended very much upon the habits of a man whether the coimapany would take the risk. In this case it would be found that not only was there an absence of disclosure,. but there wag absolute fraud and misrepresentation as to the habits and mode of life of the person insured. It was upon these grounds that the company resisted the claim. The policy of insurance was for 50/. only, and the costs of this action would exceed the amount they would have had to pay, but it was a question of principle, and not of money.. The policy in question was an "indisputable policy," except in cases of Sraud, and it would be shown that the plaintiff was aware of facts which.he did not disclose, which, if disclosed, would hlave prevented the company making the insurance, and he was therefore guilty of gross fraud. The plaintiff had formerly been an attorney's clerk, and ho formed an acquaintance with the Rev. 'Theodore Buckley by taking him through the lnsolvent CouAt in 18.55. The career of Mr. Buckley had been rather a romantic one. lie had been seen, when a very youngman, reading in.theBritish Museum by a gentleman of wealth, wlho, finding that he was possessed of great talents, took a fancy to him, and sent him to Oxford to complete his education. He there took honours, and was made one of the chaplains of Christ Church College. Unfortunately, however, he fell into sad habits, and became verv dissipated and a confirmed drunkard, and he at length died on the 30tls of January last of dedirisi tremens at MAason's Coffee-house, Little Titchfield-street, Oxford-street. When he came to London hebecame acquainted with several persons of doubtful reputation. ie also became acquainted with the plaintiff, who made the proposal to the office in August, 1855, for effecting an insurance upon Buckley's life, and it would be shovw.n that the plaintiff was aware that that person had suffered constantly from deli-riums tr-emes. What the interest of the plaintiff was in insuring Buckley's life it -was difficult to say, but in the proposal which he filled up he stated that Buckley was of regular habits, and that hewas unacquainted with the miedical gentleman who attended upon the latter. He also stated that Buckley had never suffered from deliriznm tiremens. In consequence bf these representations the office entered into the policy. Five months afterwards Buckley died, and they were called upon to pay the amount of the insurance. On making inquirses, however, facts had come to their knowledge which had led them to resist the claim. Several publicans were called, who stated that Buckdey was in the habit of drinking small quantities of spirits from S o'clock in the morning to the last thing at night. He was never absolutely drunk, but, to use the expression of one of the witnesses, "he was always three parts gone." These witnesses stated that they had seen the plaintiff with him sometimes, but not often. The medical gentlemen said that he had suffered from deli-iunzs tren2ens two or three times. One of them had known him for four years most intimately, and had never suspected that he drank until after an accident which happened to him, whereby he received a blow on his head, and that brought on an attack of deli-iuns trenmens. He was a most gentlemanly, agreeableman, and made a favourable impressionupon every personhe came in contact with. A chynist in Oxford-street said that Buckley used to call at his shop in a morning for a " pick me up"-a miLxture of sal volatile camphor, and orangepeeL. Another witness said that Buckiley could not write until he had had spirits of some sort to drink. When he went to the first publichouse in the morning he could ot take up the glass, but had to put down his lips to drink its contents. At the conclusion of the defendants' case Mr. RETERSDORFF asked his Lordship if he thought there was any evidence in support of the defendants' plea to go to the jury. His LoRDssr said he did not think there was ; but after some discussion it was arranged that the jury should decide the question. Mlr. OVEsEND (for Mr. Edwin James) having replied, Mr. P'rERsDonrFF, in addressing the jury on behalf of the plaintiff, contended that there was no evidence to show that the plaintiff was aware of the irregular habits of Mr. Buckley. It was not likely that Mr. Buckley, a gentleman by birth and education, and a clergyman, would lend himnself to defraud the company of the paltry sum of 50!. As to the habits of the latter, it was weII known that persons 'who were given to indulge in the vice of drinking were always under the idea that they were of much better habits than they really were. Buckley, therefore, in representing himself as of sober habits, did not intentionally commit a fraud upon the company. The only time the plaintiff was intimately acquainted with Buckley was when the latter was trying to pass through the Insolvent Court, and when he w. ould naturally remain sober and conduct himself properly. Mtr. Baron MARTI?, in summing up, said the policy in question wascsalled an ind utabl policy, and one of the clauses was as follovws:* P4rovided always, and these prosents are upon this express condition, that this policy shall be indisputable, and that it shall not he lawful for the company to refuse or delay payment of the money secured hereby on the grounds of any error, mistake, or omission made by or on the part of the person or persons effecting such assurance, and that, on the contrary, the amount so secured shall be paid as if no such error, mistake, or omission had been made or discovered. (Except only in cases of fraud.)" It was unnecessary for him to state the opinion which he had long formed with respect to such a clause, inasmuch as the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench had used strong terms in intimating his disapproval of such clauses in the case of two insurance companies a few days ago. Those companies had since stated their intention to abandon the indisputable clause, which in fact, was a gross deception upon the public, for it appeared to offer superior advantages to the offices which did not resort to these means for obtaining custom, when in reality it meant nothing. The question for the jury in this case would be whether or not they considered that the defendants were induced to enter into and make the policy through the fraud and misrepresentation of the plamtiff. Did they consider that the plaintiff was aware of the adnitted drunken habits of the unfortunate man Buckley, and had he fraudulently concealed from the company that knowledge ? Then did they think that he had fraudulently concealed the name and address of the medical attendant? If they thou,ht there 'was fraudulent concealment they would find their verdict for the defendants ; if otherwise, for the plaintiff. The jury returned a verdict for the nlaintiIt. hlr. Baron Mxssvn.-I hope this wail be a warning to aL insurance offices to he careful as to their inquiries regarding persons wlsose lives they insure. If they were more particular, there would be no questions of this kind. If the company had made inquiries cf the gentleman 'whose name was given as Mr. Bucbley's reference, there would not have been all this trouble and expense.
COUPT OF BAYKRUPTCY, Basinghla.-strect, Jaie 21 IN RE W. WIGGINS. (Before Aifr. Commisioner FN-.-I T'he bankrupt was a papermnanufacturer, of Hawley Mils, near Dartford. The case has been several times before the Court, on which occasions it appeared that the bulk of his property was held by a relative. This was a dividend meeting. Mir. SPIcER, for the assignees, asked for an adjournmezit with a view to a szpersedecs. Co3rsussioNEPR.-What has the estate produced? The Official Assignee.-2001., the debtsbeing 10,0001., for which 8,0001. have been paid. CoMmmSSoI;-Pn.-What does the bankrupt propose to pa-y?~ Mr. SPIcER.-6s. in the pound. Co3.NcusSio.NER.-It is strange that a man can produce Gs. in the pound out of this court, and nothing in it. So long as the law in its wisdom sanctions the doctrine, " first come first served," and the nearest and dearest to traders to possess themselves of the wreck of their property, this Court cannot interfere. An adjournment, with a view to supersede, was ordered accordingly. There was an examination meeting in the case of J. Barney, warehouseman, who passed.
CENVTRAL CRLItINAL COUBT, June21. OLD COURT. (Bcfore AMr. Justice CnPownm) Charles Avery, a middle-aged, gentlemanly-looking man, surrendered to take his trial upon an indictment which charged hIim with obtaining goods and money by falso pretences, and having al- o obtained goods three months before he Vas diily adjudged a bankrupt, under the false colour and pretence that he required them for the purpose of carrying on his trade, with intent to cheat his creditors of the said goods. MIr. Serjeant Ballantine, who was specially retained, and MAr. Mletealfe conducted the prosecution; Mr GPiffard was counsel for the defendant. The learned serjeant, in opening the case to the jury, said that it involved questions of very grave importance to a commnercial community. The defendant was charged by one of the counts of the indictment with an offence against the bankruptcy laws, but it appeared to him that the defendant had ingeniously contrived to evade the provisions of that statute, and the only question the jury would have to consider was whether. upon the facts he should lay before them, the defendant was proved to have obtained goods by false pretences, and was amenable to justice for that offence. He then proceeded to state that the defendant appeared to have had offices in the city of London, calling himself a colonial broker. In point of fact, however, it appeared that he was a dealer in sugar, and it seemedthat hebad commenced that occupation in 1846 without any capital, or, at all events, a very small one, and that he had gone on ever since thattime selling property for less than it cost, every year incre.asing his deficiency, until at length,in JuneIlastyear, he found that he could go onno longer, andhe wasmade abankrupt, his debts then being over 4,000L. and there being hardly any assets at all to mect them. The offence charged against the defendant under these circumstances was that upon the very eve* of his bankruptcy, and when he kcnewv he was hopeless Iy insolvent, with his bankers' accouDt overdrawn to the amount of e001., hehadpurchasedgoods, consisting of sugar, treacle, &c., from different merchants, w ho, he was well aware,would not have given him credit, giVing them checks for the amounont, he knowving that these checkzs would not be paid, and thus, as he shoulld contend, in point of fact, de- frauding those persons of their goods, which he immediately converted to his own use. It would be for the jury to say whether this proceeding was not, inpoint of fact, an obtain-l ing of goods by false pretences; and, if -thls was made out to their satisfaction, it would be their duty to say that the defendant was guilty upon the present indictment. Mr. E. Hart, the clerk to the offiial assignee appointed on the defendant's bankruptcy, gave evdence as to the state of his boois and his accounts. At the period of his bankruptcy, June 13, 1855, the amount of his debts upon~ balance was 4,4191. On the 1st of January the defi^iency app4ared to have been 2,58(11. 13s. 4d& He had some conversation w;ith the defendant upcon the subject of his affairs,. and he told him that he commenced business in 1845 or 1846 in partnership with another person, and that all the capital ,they had was 3001., which was borrowed from his father's partner, and which sum was afterwards repaid. The partnership was dissolved in 1848, and at that period there was a deficiency of more than 2,0001., and he took that debt upon himself, and continued the bness but ever since the dissolution of partnership he never took stock or went into any accounts to see how his affairs stood until the period of his banlarpt6y. There iwere books, but no entries appeared to have been made in the journal or the ledger for two years. The witness went on to say that the prisoner's cashbook was regularly balanced, and it appeared by it that during the months of Auril and May there were considerable balances occasionally in his favour, and occasionally against him, at his bankers', and during the whole of that period he seemed to have been borrowing money and exchanging checks, and the result appeared to be that at the end ot nay, or beng of Jiue, his account at Messrs. Spooner and Atwood's, who were his bankers, was overdrawn to the extent-of 500. and upwards. [The books, it appeared, also showed that very large quantities of goods had been sold for less than their cost price; and it appeared that upon transactions to the amount of 19,396., extending over a period of three months, the gross profit had only been 221., and out of 220 sales 40 were under the cost price of the goods. The net amsets that had been realized upon the defendant's estate amounted to 3651. is. 5d. Mr. Upton, a clerk to Messrs. Mayo and Man, colonial brokers, Mincing-lane, proved that on the 1st of June the defendant purchased sugar to the amount of 601. at a public sale, afid his clerk subsequently applied for the warrants, but he told him they would not be arted vwith unless the money was paid, and the clerk brought him a check, signed by the defendant, for 601., and he gave him the warrants, supposmng that the cheek would be-paid at the banker's. The check w as returned dishonoured. Heshould not have parted with the warrants upon any other conditions than that the amount should be paid at once. Evidence was then given that the sugar referred to in the warrants was sold to a grocer named Barber on behalf of the prisoner. Mr. Wagener, a sugar refiner, proved that the defendant purchased 1001. worth of sugar of him, and gave him a check on the 31st of May. The check was post dated to the 2d of June, and when it was presented it was dis. honoured and returned to him. He could not produce the check, because when it came back he was so angry that he tore it up. (A laugh.) He told the defendant distinctly that he would not part with the goods without the money. Mr. G. A. Martin, clerk to Messrs. Godby and Boyd, sugar refiners, proved that on the 31st of May the defendant purchased five puncheons of treacle for 461. 3s. 7d., and gave a check for the amount post dated to the 2d of June, as in the former case. The cheek was returned dishonoured. Cross-examined.-After the check had been returned the defendant offered to give us an order upon his vendee for the amount he had sold it at, but we declined to take such order. Their firm had had a goodimany transactions with the defendant, and he had owed them so much as 6001. at one time. The only debt now due from him was upon the transaction of the treacle. Mr. Twells, one of the partners in the firm of Spooner, Atwoed, and Co., gave evidence as to the condition Df the prisoner's account. He said it was the practice of the bank never to allow a customer to overdraw his account, except upon a special application to that effect. The defendant had upon some occasions come to the bank late in the afternoon and asked as a favour that hischecks might be paid when he had no money at the bank, and his application was acceded to, and he generally paid in the money overdrawn the next day. They told him several times that this course of proceeding must not be continued, and on the 2d of June a formal notice was sent to him that his account was overdrawn, and that his checks would not be paid while the account remained in that condition. In answer to a question put by Mr. GIFFSD it was stated that the balance of 5001. against the defendant on the 31st of May was reduced to 4001. by a payment that was madbe by the defendant shortly afterwards. Evidence was then given that the defendant had obtained a check for 371. from another broker, giving his own worthless check in exchange. Mr. GIFFARD, at the close of the case for the prosecution, made a very able address to the jury for the defendant, and urged with great earnestness that there was not the slightest justiication in the ease for charging the defendant with obtaining goods by false pretences. Ipon the subject of the reckless and improper manner in which he had carried on his business he said he would not make a single observaton; but this was a very different question, and the jury ought not on that account to find the defendant guilty of a totally different crime. HXe contended that there was not the slightest pretence for charging the defendant with obtaining the goodsby false pretences, as there was nothing to show that he did not believe at the time he gave the checks that the bankers would have paid them; and, with regard to the notice that the defendant had received, he observed that it appeared he did not receve this notice until after the cbecks had been given. He then called their attention to the fact that the bankers had allowed the defendant to overdraw his account to a considerable amount, and that he might reasonably have supposed that they would have paid the checks given by him in reference to the goods which he was now charged with obtaining by false pretences. Mr. Justice CRowDnIcv, in summing up the case, said that the only quiestion the jury had to consider was the mind and intention of the prisoner at the time he passed away those checks. If they should think that he was perfectly aware from the condition of his account that the bankers would not pay them, it appeared to him they would be justified in finding him guilty of obtaining the goods by false pretences; but if, on the other hand, they should be of opinion, from all the facts of the case, that the defendant had ever so slight an idea or belief that the checks would be honoured, and that lie paid them away with that idea operating upon his mind, he was entitled to an acquittaL The jury, after a very short deliberation, returned a verdict of Not Gitdty. NEW COURT. (Before the RECORDER.) James Rogers, 20, steward; John Charles Keeling, 22, tailor; Joseph Hart, 22, horsedealer; and Thomas Coxhill, 33. labourer, were indicted fol- a burglary in the dwellinghouse of David William Butler, and stealing 40 shawls and other articles, his property, valued at 1151. Mr. Robinson and Mr. J. Payne were for theprosecution; and Mr. Payne, Mr. MEnteer, Mr. Lilley, Mr. Carter, and Mr. Lawrence severally appeared for the prisoners. The prosecutor is a linendraper in the Old Kent-road, and upon the morning of the 25th of April, at about 5 o'clock, a cab, driven by Coxhill, was seen standing at the door of the prosecutor's shop. The door was open, and, although people were passing along, the prisoners were seen to bring several parcels and bales of goods out, and put them into the cab, which drove off and turned out of the main road, going the back road to London. The other prisoner then walked the same way. Some information having been given to the police, the constable started off, and succeeded in taking two of the prisoners, but one of them and the cabman got off. The number of the cab being known, it 'was traced to have been that morning driven by Coxhill, who was very clearly identified as the person who drove it off, and who, when passing through the turnpike-gate, tbrew the tollman ls., and did not wait for the change. The fourth prisoner was taken shortly afterwards, and most positively sworn to. None of the property was traced. TheY were all found Guity. Ropers was sentenced to 14 years' trasportation, Keeling andlart to six years' penal servitude, and Coxhill to four years'. THIRD- COURT. (Before the CoNnI.o SERJEANT.) William Bailey, 23, William Middleton, 27, and John Fry, 32, watermen, were indicted for stealing 20 bundles of whalebone, a quantity of saltpetre, and other articles, the property of Francis Ifammnond. The case against the prisoners was not one of any peculiar public interest. Bailey and Iiddeton had, it appeared, been engaged in the removal of some whalebone and saltpetro from a ship in the East India Docks, the portion of which named in the indictment was afterwards stolen from the barge into which it had been placed, and taken in a van to a stable in WVhitecross-street, where the police, traced it, and recovered it. Fry was spoken of as being the man who superintended the things being put into the van. The prisoners were all Acquitted FOURTH COU1RT. (Before Mr. PREN DERGAST, Q. C.) William Robinson, 15, labourer, was indicted for feloriously and maliciously throwing upon Jessie Brett a corrosive iluid-to wit, sulphuric acid. Mr. Horry prosecuted, and Mr. Payne defended The prosecutrix, a girl about 15 years of age, stated that she lived with her parents in Churchway-street, St. Pancras, and the prisoner and his parents lived opposite to them. Both the parents carried on the business of brokers, and there had cen repeated quarrels between them. 'Upon the evening of the 12th of JTune she was at her father's door, and saw the prisoner at his father's door. He stood in the doorway and threw something from a cup, which went over her head and made it smart. It also went over her dress and burnt it. She then went and told her father, who took her to the surgeon's. Her face was still sore. She admitted that her father had been fined for throwing a fire basket of hot coals over the prisoner's sister. John Brett, the girl's father, proved seeing the prisoner throw the liquid over his daughter, who was much burnt. Afr. PAYNE asked this witness if he had notbeen convited, He said he had, but it was 16 years ago, and since then he had worked hard and lived honestly. Mr. PRENJERGtAST said such a question ought not to be asked. Mr. James Swelley, the surgeon, said the injuriesupon the girl had been caused by diluted sulphuric acid, such a; would be used to clean metal. Mlr. P,xc.N said there was an absence of any intent upon the part of the prisoner. The jury said they wished to stop the case. Mr. PRENDERGAST.-Do you think that the prisoner threw this sulphuric acid to benefit her health? Mr. PAYNE then addressed the jury as to the prisoner's intent, He bore a good character for honesty, which he could prove, but did not think this charge affected the prisoner's moral character. Mhr. PRENiEBGASr said he thought differently. It was worse than picking a pocket; it might have made the girl a sight of horror. He disapproved the cross-examination of the girl's father. The question for the jury was the intent. The jury .Acuitted the prisoner. This ended the busines of the session.
- - - a-POLICE. GuiLunDAL.-4Jharles Arnold, a cheesemonger, was charged with not surrendering to the Court of Bankruptcy on being *djudicated a bankrupt. Mr. Huddleston appeared for the prosecution, and mr. Bi3ns for the prisoner. 'Mr. -Huddlestone said, these proceedings were tUken against the prisoner under, the 251st section' of the Bankruptey Act, for not surrendering on the day for completing bs last examination after notice in wriiing had been givea to him, and after his name had been advertised in the Gactte. The prisoner had carried on the business of a cheesemonger in the Commercial-oad East during the months of May, -June, and July last year, after which he gave it up, and went-into business as a wine merchant-at 15i St. Dunstan's-hill, where Mr. Acocks, of 17, Old-Fish street, called upon him several times for an account amounting to 571. lGs., and, not oeing able to see him or obtaai nyent' he took proceedings against him in the Court of Baik pteyg The summons of the commimsioner to ippear before him was duly served at his last known place of residence, and all the legal notices were duly served, but on none of the days appomted for hearing did the prisioner surrender. He-was not heard of from that time until last Fridaygweek; when he was taken into custody- upon-another charge, and vws recognized at Suthwar - Police-court and sent to this contt on the present cuarge. Evidence which was entirely of a formal character having been given to support the charge, Alderman HuanrnEsR fully committea-him for triiL. Mr. Binns applied to have the prisoner admitted to bail, as he was a very respectable man. Mr. Huddleston said, as he spoke about respectability, he must show that he was passingunder a false name. - Henry Hunt, 34t,1 said he' took the prisoner into custody at a beershop in Wesimorhjndrow,-aworth, on a charg-e of obtainng butter by falsb pretences. He then said his name was Charles Edwards, and on being recognized by- a man named Tobin he denied that he was Arnold, bat at the: Etation-house entered that as his real nme. Mr. Huddlestoa asked fo'r very heavy bail, as this was a, transportable offence, and the chargevery serious.- Alderman HU.MI'IIERY decided on admitting him to bait, himself in 1,0001., and -two sureties inaOOL1 each, with 45 hours' notice, to inquire into the respectability-of the pro- i -Mr. Thomas Roberts, solicitor to obna Painer, liedto Sir R. W. C.AARD-Nv on beh'alf of his client. He abeen fined 501. by the worthy magistrate for using a room for the - purposes of betting, and Mr. Huddleston had given notice of appeal, but Palmer's circumstances were such that hb was not inclined to prosecute the appeal, neither was Ie;' disposed to fly in the face of the magistrates; he had, there- fore, given up the practice altogether. lUnde'r these circum-' stances, and as the magistrate bad increased the penalty infinitely beyond what any other person had been fined, he hoped the worthy alderman would be merciful, and mitigate it. Palmer was totally unable to pay it, and must go to prison if it were enforced. ' He was quite sure the object of the bench was not to ruin him. Sir R. W. CAIRDEN commented on the nature of histrans-' actions, which were worse-than those of the other defendants, because he would take any.sum that was offered nevertheless, he thought he had been too lenient with the ' others. Ho could not alter his decision. He was- glad to hear Mr. Huddleston give notice of appeal, for then the conviction would be quashed, or he must pay the fine.- - The only object he had was to put down those pests to society. Application refused. MAnYLEBoN;E.-Joseph Collyer, a sullen looking youth, aged 18, was brought be ore Mr. LoNG, charged with conduct of a most brutal description towards his mother, a very industrious woman, living at 10, William-street, Lissongrove. The MIAGISTRATE sentenced him to hard labour for four months in the House of Correction for the assault, and in default of his paying 4s. for the damage 'to the door, a month in addition. He was then locked up. Thomas Palmer, a ticket-of-leave man; Henry Driver, and John Brice were brought up on remand, charged with assaults of a most brutal nature upon a man named William Barry, residing in Charles-street, Iisson-grove. - Mr. Berry Hutchinson, solicitor, -attended for the prosecution. The particulars gone into upon a former occasion have already appeared, and it will be remembered that the complainant was knocked down, kicked, and beaten by the prisoners and some of their companions. He was so much injured as to render it necessary for him to have immediate surgical aid. (His head was still bandaged up and upon his face were many severe bruises.) MWr. flea, surgeon at the Westeru General Dispensary, New-road, stated that upon the head of complainant there were several lacerated and contused wounds, some of which, when he first saw them, he considered to be of a dangerous chAaracter. Mr. Hutchinson remarked that the attack unon Barry was no doubt made for the purpose of preventing him, if possible, from attending as a witness on Thursday last' in a case heard before Baron IPolock in the Court of Exchequer. The prisoners were all committed for trial. WEsT.rsTER.-Charles MAndrews, a ticket-of-leave man,, was finally examined, charged under the following circumstances - Mtr. Robert M'Kibbin stated that at 11 o'clock on Wednesday morning he was walking up Victoria-street, Pimlico, when the prisoner suddenly came in front of him and made a snatch at his gold albert chain. Prosecutor instantly clapped his hand upon his waistcoat-pocket which contained his watch, and held it there while prisoner tugged so hard that he broke the chain from the watch and considerably bent the swivel, but through the chain giving way the accused was foiled in his attempt. He then ran into Dacklane, into a house which prosecutorpointed out to a policeman. Thomas Gregory, 6S B, said that he went into the house in question, and, having secared the prisoner, brought him out into the street, when he immediately caled out: " Rescue, rescue !" and a number of his associates and other bad characters came to his assistance. Prisoner resisted violently, and repeatedly struck and kicked witness, who was beset and ill-treated on all sides. Two soldiers came to witness's assistance, but they were so severely maltreated that they were obliged to go away. Witness was again aud again knocked down, kicked, and trampled upon, until he was at length overpowered by his assailants, and the prisoner escaped. William Milliman, 95 B, said, he knew the prisoner well as an old th.ef, and apprehended him at a lodging-house in Old Pye-street, wvhen he said be supposed he should be sent back again where he came from, to which witness replied be thought it very likely. Prisoner, when asked whether be had anything to say in answer to the charge, replied, "Nothing at present." Mfr. PAYxTER observed,-It is not very creditable to us that so daring an attempt at highway robbery should be committed at 11 o'clock ian the day, in a public thoroughfare so near this court-and committed the prisoner for triaL Catherine Slater, a woman who had been employed to work at the house of Mr. Gould, 19, Churton-street, 'Pimnlico, for a few weeks past, was charged with stealing a great quantity of miscellaneous property. Mrs. Gould said that a fortnight ago she missed some silver spoons, aud on the following Saturday eight sheets, and her losses were in a few days increased by a great many other things disappearing. On Friday morning she sent prisoner to the drawing-room for her handkerchief, and immcdiately afterwards discovered that a brooch had been stolen from the table. She called a policeman, and gave prisoner in charge, when 11 pawnbrokers' tickets relating to the plate and other stolen property were found in her possession. Prisoner, who said nothing in defence, was fuly committed for trial. WoRsssr-sTREET.-On Saturday Mary Regan, a middleaged Irishwoman in the service of a family named Wilson, residingin WVellington-road, West Hackney, was charged before 3Ir. .HAMMI1LL. at the instance of the Society for Preventing Cruelty to Animals, with the following act of wanton barbarity A young woman named Powell, living with her pareilts in Bbenezer-place, Shacklewell, and who burst into tears the moment she mentioned the prisoner's name, stated-On Monday afternoon, the 26th of May, I returned home from a walk, and on getting in doors found there the prisoner, who was acquainted with my mother. I saw she had a canework basket, covered over with a cloth which was fastened down at the sides, and, on asking her what it contained, she told me she had a cat in it which she was going to kilL She then took a kettle of boiling water off the fire, and, carrying that and the basket into the back garden, laid the basket down, and then poured the boiling water on to the cloth. The cat shrieked dreadfully when the water was poured on to it, and the prisoner poured out all the kettle contained. Tke cat tried to get out, and she struck it with a broom. She next got a chopper and poker, but while doing so the cat got out, and escaped into the watercloset. The prisoner followed it there, and though I did not see her use either the poker or chopper, I afterwards saw the broom broken into three pieces. I asked the prisoner to put the cat into a tub of cold water, and drown it, but the prisoner said that hot water would kill it soonest. I afterwards saw the cat in the watercloset, and found it sufferin- dreadfully; its fur was off itin several places; Icould see the naked skin, and its head was bleeding. I was so frightened at the act that I did not know vhat to do. ir. Forster, who attended for the society.-This young girl is a very unwilling witness, Sir, and in dread of her mother, who is a friend of the prisoner5 or, I am convinced, still more facts could be given. lr. Joseph Baddeley.-I am a master gardener in ShaCklewell-lane, and one of my fields abuts upon the back premises of Ebeneser-place. T'hree days after that referred to by the last witness I was out in the field with my servant and two dogs, one of which, a large mastiff, was secured by a chain. The small dog ran and barked at a bush, and on my going to see the cause of it I found a poor cat there nearly dead; its back was quite raw, and its head was bleeding. My servant loosened the large dog's chain, and the dog rushed at the cat and killed it in an instant with a single bite. Mr. HAMMILL (to the prisoner).-Well, what is your defence to this? Prisoner.-Please your reverence, my master told me to take it away, as it was filthy and dirty about the place, and I could get no owner for it, Mr. HLeSMULL.-But what do you say to this charge of cruelty ? Prisoner.-That's all I did to it. Mr. HIAIILL.-All ! Why, you do not seem to understand the gross act of cruelty yo'l have committed. Your master 'writes me a note here, stating that you have been with him seven years, and that you never did such mn act before, but I must say I never saw a mind so totally devoid of feeling. It is a most barbarous set, and while every-. bodyin courtis shockedwho has heard it you appear to feel neither regret nor shame. Prisoner.-Well, that's all I did,-I did no more. Mr. Haa .L-And that is still your answer ! You mustpay a penalty-of 50i., or in default be comnitted to the House of Correction for one month, The prisoner could not pay the penalty, and was taken away in the van, TnAX.-Edward Linden, late steward of the ship Lard GeorgeBentinclc which arrivedin the niver on Friday after3;oon0 wa brought before Mx. SELTvE chaged with mutiny and assaultin Captain Arthur Talbot, the masterof the vessel, on the mgh seas. - - Mr. SELrE Temanded the prisoner on ball until Tuesday next, and required him to enter into his recogniranoes to keep the peace towards Captain Talbot and t'he afficerj of tAhe ship while he remained on shore. LAm sBL-sr.-John Brown, apowerfiifellow, jut returned from the' Crimea, was placed at the bar before the Hon. G. C. NoRToN, on a charge of burglariously brealkng intoc the Ciystal Palace Tavern, a1 Nor6o6d, and collecting iogether property of different ecitos ihteitn tion of carrying them t descriptions,with the intent Sergeant Marsh, 33 P?, said that at.46 o'clock that morning the p-risonLer was found in the back-yard of the Crystal Palace Tavern; NSorwvood, with the property then produced, whichb he must have taken froin different 'roomus in the house, but Mr. Cattell, the gentleman vho had the management of the establishment, being wholly unable to atten that day to press the charge, he (Marsh) had to request that the prisoner might be remanied for, the attendance of M;r C,ttell., The prisoner, in reply to the charge, said he had but just retur-ned from the Crimea, where he had served in the Anny Work-sCorps, andwas waiting atNorwood to get settled with by Sir Joseph Paxton. He had not been sober since he arived, and his impression was that some person took him to the tavern to sleep, and gave him the things found in his possession. He was remanded to Wednesday next. A well dressed young fellov, whose appearance was calculated to allay susricioin, and who gave the name of John Cainplin, was finilly examined and fully committed for trial on, a charge of stealing from the person of Mr. Theodore Keps, a foreigner, a gold watch of the value of 10 guineas. From the- evidence of the prosecutor- it appeared that on Sunday night last, aboit 11 o'clock, he arrived at the' Waterloo-station from -Windsor, and on getting out of the carriage he was pushed against by the prisoner, who was accompanied by two boys. He instantly felt a hand at his waistcoat pockit, missed his viatch, and seized the prisoner, who, however, managed topass the watch to one of his juvenile companions. At the stationhouse he at frst said he had just come from Manchester, and ,cext that he was a native.of Northampton, but' both statements were found to be false. Jane Williams, alias Fair Jennv, a prostitute in that sink eof nicuity, Granby-street; Waterloo-road,'was fully com: n-tte for trial on a charge of cutting and wounding Ann ILaws, a person in the same miserable class, at a low brothel in Granby-street. The mnagistrate requested the aclnowledgment of the following in addition to sums already published in She Tsrncs which have been received for the poor' blind man, Thomas Scholfield, viz.-Mr. Mudeville (check) ;11. "E. C.," Ut. * "P. A. J. (postage stsmns), lOs.; "Anonymous" (stamps) 3s.-; "B. J.," lOs. "A Poor.Man's Mite," 3s. - "A. Z.,' lOs.; "A.B." (minster) post-office order," 6s.; *';Barney Grove, aFriend of the Blind," 11. * Rev. P. H. Yielden, L -; "A Iady,"6s.; "A Gentleman," ll.; and Mr. Wright landload of the Three Compasses, ,ittle Guildford-street, Borough, 12s. _________
SUMMER ASSTZES. OXFORD CIRCUIT. BrxssnmR-Abiugdon, Tuesday, July S. OxroRDsHir.-Oxford. Thursday, Julyi1. \VoncrssrmirSE.-Woreester, Saturday, July 12. CrTy or Wor.cEsr.-Worcester, Saturday July 12. ST.moItDsE1mr.-Stafford, Wednesday. July 16. srPxos'rnna-Shrebsury, Wednesday, July 23. H:nEronRnsnmrn-H{crefonl, Saturday, July 26- Ii0osroursn0ann-Monmoutb Weduesday. July 30. GLoCE5.flfsmflIG-lomester, Satay. August 2. CITY OF GLocraTn.-Gloeester. Saturday,August2. At Abingdon and Oxford the usual course will be departed from, their Lrdehlir,s baring arranged that both Courts Fhould sit for the de.*gateh of business *n the commissionday at each of the said places--viz., Abingdon and Omford
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. Aporztonof the following appe&xed in our second edition ~- qaTtmv !-1 (IROR ODJR OWN cORREzPONDr.Nr.1 PARIS, FRIDAY, J-uN 20, 6 P.M. The following is the exopose des mwtifs of the Senatus Consultum which brings under the consideration of the Senate the important question of a Regency in Franee- " Messeurs les Senateurs,-The constitution of a monarchy founded on hereditary principles cannot be considered as complete until it includes a system of Regency -isly organized for the event of the minority of the Sovereign. History teaches us how many difficulties, and even what perils, may arise from the absence of a precise Law on so serious a point, and how important it is that, in the midst of the embarrassments of a minority, the march of the Government should be secured by constitutional measires strong enough to control all passions and all interests. "Providence, in giving a son to the Emperor, and in according that joy to his heart, has imposed on him the duty of filling up the blanic which still exists in the organic institutions of the Empire with regard to the Regency. It is for this object that a bill has been prepared by his orders, and which we now propose for yoursanction, firmly hoping with you, Messieurs les SUnateurs, that the application of its provisions will be rendered unnecessary for a great length of time. " Different systems have been proposed or followed for the choice of the holders of the important, diflicult, and .august mandate of the Regency. The Regency, during the minority of a Sovereign, might devolve by law on certain persons indicated for th at purpose, or who had been fixed on by the preceding monarch, or submitted to an election nnder different forms and conditions. The Regency fixed on beforehand by the Legislature may itself be regulated according to different principles, and the right of the heir presumptive to the throne has been frequently brought forward in opposition to that of the Empress or Queen-Mother. " If the precedents of our national history be consulted, it will be seen that, by a custom as ancient as our monarchy, the Regency has been, in the majority of cases, conferred on the Queen-Mother, and it is but just to add that some of those Regencies were not either without glory or without ntility to the country. It is this form of Regency, combined with the restriction arising from the paternal choice, and vwith the principle of election itself in a subsidiary hypo, thesis, that the Government of the Emperor has the honour of proposing to your adoption. "The Regency of the Empress-Mother, towards whom we are now led by the most profound and respectful sentiments, unites, moreover, in our eyes, the powerful guarantee of the feelings of nature, the great m ajority of historical precedents, and, lastly, the traditions of the Imperial dynasty, ratified by a Senatus Consultmn adopted by the wisdom of your predecessors on the 5th February, 1813, after having been prepared under the personal inspiration of the Emperor Napoleon himself. "Nevertheless, the rights of the mother, which, even in ordinary guardianship, may be somewhat modified by the will of the father, should, for a stronger reason, bemade subordinate to the appreciation of that sovereign and enlightened will when it is no longer a question of private interests only but of public ones, united by the principle of monarchy to those of the dynasty. " ' The interest of the State,' saud Count Regnault de St. Jean d'Angely, in presenting to the Senate the draught of the Senatus Consultum of 1S13, 'also requires that theEmperor, under circumstances which the general views of the law can neither define nor foresee, should, according to the experience of events, the state of affairs, and the knowledge of persons, introduce into the common rule modifications dictated by wisdom and inspired by the interest of his successors and of his people.' 'Our Monarchs,' added Count de Pastoret, the reporter of the Senate, 'had always the right to dispose of the Regency either by will or by letterspatent.' "The exercise, however, of this right, which is reserved to the Emperor, is subjected to a condition by the draught of the Senatus Consultum which we have the honour of presenting to you. It has appeared proper that lie who,whether prince or citizen, might enjoy a confidence so exceptional .and so great as to replace, by the choice of the Sovereign, the Regent appointed by the will of the law, should be in some measure invested in the eyes of the nation with this augu,t mandate by an act of the Emperor published before his decease. It is besides necessary that no doubt should be raised as to the will of the Sovereign, and that in a matter so serious every one should know in advance in whose hands the government is to be placed. "In default of the Empress-Mother, or of a Regent named by the Emperor, the draught of the Senatus Consultum calls to theRegency the first of the French Princes in the order of succession to the Crown. If no French Prince is fit, from his age, to exercise the Regency, it is the Senate which Article Scalls on subsidiarily to give the mandate of theRegency. Thus all eventualities, even the most remote, will be found provided for beforehand on terms which, we hope, will obtain your approbation. "T'ne Regency tenninates with the majority of the Sovereign, which we propose to you to fix at the age already ratified by the different legislative acts, namely, 1S years. The Regency has never been confounded with the guardianship of the minor monarch. This family guardianship is regulated in Article 15 of the Senatus Consultum, and is naturally given to the mother of the minor Emperor. " You will find, however, Messicurs, in the formula of the oath proposed for the holder of the Regency the principal elements of that which was drawn up under the Empire of Napoleon I., and inserted in the Senatas Consultuin of 181.3. We have only omitted in this formula aU that was connected either with temporary causes of anxiety or with points which the course of time has rendered unnecessary, and which the public feeling would be astonished to see specially pointed out when they are ratified by the habits and feelings of the public. "While admitting that -the Regency carries with it the ful exercise of Imperial authoritv, it has appeared proper that certain acts of the Gov ernment, of exceptional gravity, should be submitted to the deliberation of a Council of Regency. Questions relative to the marriage of the Emperor, organic Senatus Consulta, and treaties of peace, alliance, or commerce, have appeared to call for this particular guarantee. The composition of the Council of Regency has been placed by Art. 1S of the draught in harmony with the principles which have directed the designation of the Regent. The French Princes, and a small number of personages chosen by the Emp eror or by the Senate, will fornis that body, which cannot be conv oked or presided over except by the Empress Regent, the Regent, or their delegates. " Such,, Messieurs lesSenateurs, are the principal features of the organic legislation which, in the name of the Government, we submit to your deliberation. You will find in it very numerous resemblances to the Senatus Consultum of the 5th February, 1S13. The principles are the same, and the two wordings must necessarily resemble each other, but we hasten to say that it has pleased Providence that circumstances should, for the happiness of the Emperor and of the country, be wvidely different. " It is not at the eve of a struggle in which the genius of the Sovereign and exhausted France are about to combat adverse fortune by heroic efforts that the august representative of the Imperial dynasty submits to your examination measures destined to secure agaiust any eventuality the future welfare of his son and that of the country. It is on the morrow of a peace, glorious for France and forher allies, in the midst of a country pros perons in spite of severe trials -it is when the Emperor is only occupied with combating a destructive scourge with the arms of benevolence and with a devotedness worthy of the admiration and of the gratitude of all;-it is, in fine, under circumstances the most favourable to a calm and mature deliberation that the Government of the Emperor makes an appeal to your patriotism and to your exalted reason to complete in so important a point the work of the Imperial constitution. The document which will result from your deliberations will be worthiy of the grandeur of the subject, of the country wlsose futiure fate it -wil guarantee, and also of the noble assembly which shall have sanctioned it by its suffrages. " J. BAROCHIE, President of the Council of State. "E.DE PARIEU, Vice-President of the Council of StGate. "E. DE ROYER, Councillor of State." The following is the draught of the Senatus Consultum which accompanied the above document - " CsrApTER I.-ON TIE RE(;ENCY. "Art. 1. The Emperor shall be minor to the age of 18 years accomplished. " Art. 2. If the Emperor minor shall come to the throne without the Emperor, his father, having disposed, by an act rendered public before his decease, of the Pegenoy of the empire, the Empress-M1other shall be Regent, and have the guardianship of her minor son. "Art. 3. The Empress-Regent cannot marry a second time. " Art. 4. In default of the Empress, the Pegency, if the Emperor shall not have otherwise decided by a public or secret act, belongs to the first French Prince, and in his default to any other French Prince, in the order of succession to the Crown. "A art. 5. If there be no French Prince capable of exercising the Regency, the Senate convoked by the Council of Regency, and on the proposition of the latter, shall nominate the Regent. In case the Counzcil of Regency shaU not lave been nojnnated by the Emperor, the said convocation and proposition tldmiM be made Dy the linisters formed into a council, with the addition of the acting Presidents of the Senate, the Legislative Body, and the Council of State. Up to the moment at which the Regent shall be nominated the affairs of the State shall be governed by the Ministers in office, -who shDall form themselves into a council, and deliberate by the majority of votes. " Art. 6. The Regent and the members of the Council of Regency must be Frenchmen, and aged at least 21 years accomplished. " Art. 7. The public act by which the Emperor may dispose of the Regency shaU be addressed to the Senate and deposited in its archives. "Art. 8. All the acts of the Regency shall be in the name of the Emperor minor. "Art. 9. 'Up to the majority of the Emperor, the Empress-Regent or the Regent shall exercise for the Emperor minor the Imperial authority in all its plenitude, except the rights ascribed to the Council of Regency. All the legislative enactments which protect the person of the Emperor shall be applicable to the Empress-Regent and theRegent. "Art. 10. The functions of the Empress-Regent or the Begent shall commence at the moment of the death of the Emperor. "Art. 11. If the Emperor minor shall die leaving a brother heir to the throne, the Regency of the Empress or that of the Regent shall continue without any new formality. "Art. 12. The Regency of the Empress shall cease if the order of succession calls to the throne a Prince who is not her son. Inthis case the Regency shall be provided for in conformity with Articles 4 or 5 of the present Senatus Consultum. " Art. 13. If the Emperor minor shaU die, leaving the crown to an Emperor minor of another branch, the Regent shall remain in function until the majority of the new Emperor. "Art. 14. The French Prince who may be prevented, owing to w. ant of age or any other cause, from exercising the Regency at the moment of the death of the Emperor, cannot if the obstacle be removed be called to the Regency. The Regent in office shall preserve it up to the majority of the Emperor. " Art. 15. No other Regency than that of the Empress confers any right over the person of the Emperor minor. The safekeeping of the Emperor minor, the superintendence of his household, and the care of his education, shall be confided to his mother. In the absence of the mother, or of a person appointed by the Emperor, the safe-keeping of the Emperor minor shall be intrnsted to the person named by the Council of Regency. Neither the Regent nor his descendants cau be named or appointed. " Art. 16. If the Empress-Regent or the Regent have not taken the oaths for the exercise of the Regency during the lifetime of the Emperor, they shaU take them on the gospel before the Emperor minor seated on the throne, surrounded by the Princes of France, the members of the Council of Regency, the Ministers, the grand officers of the Crown, and the Grand Crosses of the Legion of Honour, in presence of the Senate, of the Legislative Corps, and of the Council of State. The oath can lik-ewise be taken before the Emperor minor, in presence of the members of the Council of Regency and of the Mfinisters. In this case, the taking of the oath shall be made public by a proclamation of the EmpressRegent or of the Regent. " Art. 17. The oath taken by the Empress-Regent or by the Regent shaU be conceived in the following terms:- " ' I swear fidelity to the Emperor; I swear to govern in conformity with the constitution, the Senatus Consulta, and the lawrs of the empire; to maintain in their integrity the rights of the nation and those of the Imperial dignity; to consult alone, in the exercise of my authority, my devotedness to the Emperor and to France, and to remit faithfully to the Emperor, at the moment of his majority, the power which has been confided to me.' " Minutes of the taking of this oath shaU be drawn up by the Minister of State. The document shall be signed by the EBmpress-Regent or the Regent, by the Princes of the Imperial family, by the members of the Council of Regency, and by tile Ministers. "CELfTrr II.-RxSPECTraG TrE COUNCIL OF REGENCY. " Art. 13. A Council of Regency shaU be established for the lvhole duration of the minority of the Emperor. It shal be composed :-1, of the Princes of France; and, 2, of persons appointed bythe Emperor either by public or secret documents. Should the Emperor have made no appointment, the Senate shall name five persons to take part in the Council of Regency. " Art. 19. No member of the Council of Regency can be removed from his functions by the Empress-Regent or the Regent. " Art. 20. The Council of Regency shall be caUed together and be presided over by the Empress-Regent or by the Regent. The Empress-Regent or the Regent shall be enabled to delegate, in their place of President, one of the Princes of France or one of the members of the Council of Regency. " Art. 21. The Council of Regency shall necessarily de. liberate, and by an absolute majority of voices, on-1, the marriage of the Emperor; 2, the declaration of war; the conclusion of treaties of peace, of aliance, or of commerce; and, 3, on the organic draughts of Senatus Consulta. In the event of an equality of votes, that of the Empress-Regent or of the Regent shaU preponderate. Should the presidency be exercised by a delegate, the Empress-Regent or the Regent shall decide. " Art. 22. The Council of Regency shalU have merely a consulting character on all other questions submitted to it by the Empress-Regent or by the Regent. " CHAPTER m.-SiNDRY PROVISIONS. "Art. 23. During the Regency the administration of the dotation of the Crown shall continue according to established rules. The employment of the revenue shall be de. termined in the accustomed forms, under the authority of the Empress-Regent or of the Regent. " Art. 24. The personal expenses of the Empress-Regent or of the Regent, and the support of their household, shall form part of the budget of the Crown. The amount shall be fixed by the Council of Regency. " Art. 25. In case of the absence of the Regent at the conmmencement of a minority, without it having been provided for by the Emperor before his death, the affairs of the State shaU be governed until the arrival of the Regent, con. formably to the provisions of the last paragraph of Art. 5 of the present Senatus Consultum." The Emperor was to leave for Plombibres on the 24th instant, but, the Regent Duke of Baden arriving in Paris on Saturday, His Majesty has postponed his departure in order to receive his visitor. The following project of law was presented today to the Legislative Body:- "' The Minister of Finance is authorized to inscribe on the G!rand Liirre of the Public Debt, the intereston which to run from the 22d June, 1856, the following three per cent. Rentes, viz. :-200,000f. in the name of the heirs of Marie Thercse of Orleans, Queen of the Belgians; 200,000f. in the namne of the Princess Marie Clemientine of Orleans, Duchess of Saxe-Coburg Gotha; and 200,000f. in the name of the heirs of the Princess Marie Christine of Orleans, Duchess of Wurtemberg. " The Jour-nal du Loi-et, of the 19th, states that the Loire has lisen upwards of three feet at Orleaals since yesterday. Information received at the Prefecture annotmces that the Allier, which had risen upwards of three feet, had begun to subside. Yesterday the Loire at Roanne is stated by telegraph to have gone down about two feet. We learn that the railroad communication between Orleans and Toums is again stopped by the great rise of the Loire since yesterday morning. The total damage done by the inundations in France is, I am told, estimated as nearly as possible at 200,000,000f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 55c. for the end of the month; the Fov_r-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f.; and the New Loan at 70f. 80c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,335f. ; Great Northern, 1,10of.; Strasburg, 930f.; New Shares, 855f. ; Paris and Lyons, 1,445f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1650f. ; Westem of France, 930f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 750f.; Great Central of France, 63f.; -Lyons and Geneva, 780f. ; Bank of Crdcit MIobiler, 1,530f. ex div.; Austrian Railways, 885f. Cours Authentinuc.-PArnS June 20.-Cash PrIces.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., not reimbursable for 10 years, 93f. 92f. 75c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 93f.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 93f.; Three per Cents. (shut June 6 at 73f.), 70£. 40c. 30c. 25c. 30c.- ditto Eecond Loan of 1855 (C0 per cent, paid), 70f. 30c.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 70f. 30o. ; Bank of France, 4,025f. 4,000f. Credit Foncier, 700f. ex. div.; ditto Obligations of 600f., Four per Cents., 445f.; ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; difto Tenths, Three per Cents., 80f. ; Prom. Obli.ations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f.; Credit Mobi1ier 1,530f. 1.515f. 1,520f. 1,525f. 1,o30f.; Discount Bank, 690f. 68Sf.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 92f.; Austrian Five er Cents., 91f.; Belgian Four-and a-Half per Cents., 06A. xchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. S5c.; three months, money, 25f. 21c. SATURDAY, JusT : 21, 6 P.'. The lIMoitewr gives the following account of the presentation of the Golden Rose to the Empress - " After the mass celebrated the day betore yesterday in the chapel of the Palace of St. Cloud, by Cardinal Patrizi, the ceremony of presenting the Golden Rose took place. During the mass the Rose was brought by the Master of the Cerenionies of the Emperor and placed on the altar. At the conclusion of the mass the Cardinal Legate took his place on a fauteuil in front of the altar, opposite their M1ajesties. Monsignor Monaco Lavalette, one of the prelates in the suite of the Legate, read in a loud voice the Pontifical brief, conferring on Cardinal Patrizi the power to deliver the Golden Rose in place of the Holy Father. After the document had been read the Empress was requested by the Master of the Ecclesiastical Ceremonies to approach the altar, and the Golden Rose was presented to Har Majesty, while the Car. dinal pronounced the Latin formula usual on such occasions. The Prince Inperial was present at the ceremony, and after its conclusion, when the Imperial party haa withdrawn to the State apartments, the Legate presented the beautiful mosaic sent by the Pope to the Emperor, and the holy reliquary for the Prince Imperial." The M!inister of War has just received the following report from Marshal Pelissier, dated the 6th inst.:- " Mfonsieur le ar6chal,-The ceremony of the investiture of the Order of the Bath took place to-day, at the headquarters of the English army. At half-past 10 General Codrington did me the honour to call for me, and, accompanied by the General and other officers who were to be decorated with the Order, I went to the English quarters. There, under a large marquee, ornamented with the colours of the two nations, was Lord Gough, formerly General-in. Chief of the army in India, wvho had been delegated by the Queen of England to preside at the ceremony. The English infantry and artilery were drawn up to form three sides of a square opposite the tent. After reading the decree of Her Majesty Lord Gough delivered an address suitabIe to the occasion. His Lordship then decorated me with the insignia of Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath, as well as Generals de Salles and M'Mahon. Next came the turn of the Knights Commanders and the Knights Companions, to each of whom Lord Gough addressed a flattering compliment. The invc3titure was followed by a review of the English troops, whose appearance was then, as on all occasions, remarkably fine. At the close, as at the commencement of the ceremony, salutes were fired by the English Artillery, and were returned gun for gun by the French Artillery, stationed at some distance. When the salutes were terminated the troops withdrew to their quarters, and we partook of a collation given by General Codrington. Toasts were drunk to Queen Victoria, Prince Albert, and tho Emperor Napoleon, in the midst of expressions of the most cordial esteem. These sentiments, which unitethe English and French armies, and which have been only strengthened by a prolonged daily intercourse, were never more clearly shown than on the present occasion. I experienced the most lively satisfaction, and I am happy to express it to your Excelency. "PELISSIER." The following was Lord Gough's speech:- " Her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, my august Sovereign, being desirous of conferring the highest military honours upon the officers of the French and English armies in the Crimea, as a mark of her high e' approbation and admiration of services rendered on the field of battle, and His Majesty the Emperor of the French having graciously acquiesced in the wishes of Her Majesty the Queen, I have been delegated by my august Sovereign, and I have received by a decree of his Royal Highness Prince Albert, Grand Master of the Order, the necessary poNvers to come here, to the actual scene of your glory, to confer, in presence of the two armies, in the name of Her Majesty, the insignia of the Grand Cross of the Most Hon. Order of the Bath on his Excellency Marshal Pelissier, Commander-in-Chief of the French army ; on the General of Division De Sales; and on the General of Division MPMahon. The absence from the army of the General of Division Morris deprives me of the satisfaction of investing that distinguished officer with a similar mark of Her Majesty's consideration. It is also a pleasant duty for me, in conformity with the orders of my Sovereign, and also as a mark of her royal approbation, to invest with the insignia of Knight Commander of the Most Hon. Order of the Bath the General of Division Thiry, the General of Division Herbillon, the General of Division Bouat, and the General of Division d'Aurelle. The absence from the army of the General of Division Camou, of the General of Division D'Autemarre, and of General D'Allonville deprives me of the satisfaction of conferring the same distinction upon them. I need not tell you, my comrades of the English army, what pleasure and pride I feel in having beenselected to confer upon you-Lieutenant-General Dacres, Dr. Hall, Inspector-General of Hos. pitals, Lieutenant-General Barnard, Lieutenant-General Lord Rokeby, thewell-deserved honours so graciously conferredby our august Sovereign and mistress. May you live many years to enjoy this just reward of your bravery and devotion 3 Although I feel much flattered at the gracious selection of my Sovereign, I cannot but acknowledge that the pleasant mission I this day fulfil was due rather, had it pleased God to preserve him to his country, to the brave and noble soldier who victoriously led the English armies on these battle fields, and mider whose orders you earned these honours. I have, however, myself commanded considerable forces of the British army and I learned to know the cares and the responsibility of such a command. I may therefore be allowed to appreciate in their taue lighit the value of such distinguished and briliant services as yours. I shall not attempt to eulogize the glorious servic-- and the brilliant feats of arms of the French and English armies in this terrible struggle, which has been happily terminated by heroic effortsagainst an enemy worthy of such adversaries. They have the pride and satisfaction to know that to their valour Europe is indebted for a peace honourableto all parties, and consequently of more probable duration. The soldiers of France and England fought side by side in this grand struggle, having no other rivalry than that of serving their Sovereign and their country with the greatest devotion. May this union and this friendship, engendered by a reciprocal admiration for great military virtues and cemented by the generoussacrifice of the mostnoble blood of the twopeople, remain dear to the two greatest military nations of the earth !" Another despatch received from Marshal Pelissier states that from the date of the signature of peace up to the 13th of this month there had embarked in the Crimea, to return to France, 3,620 officers, 93,826 men, and 16,046 horses. There only remained to embark 731 officers, 22,942 men, and 7,200 horses and mules. The artillery and stores were almost all embarked on the 13th, and must be completely so by this time, and the same may be said of the engineers. The ship-of-the-line Prince Jerome, with 1,200 men, the English vessel Hebrides, with 243 and war material? the English ship Lord Dalhousie, with 912 men, and the steamer City of Washington, with 1,240 men and war material, arrived on the 19th at Marseilles, coming from the Crimea. The 1Aliitein. publishes the returns of the imports and exportS of France in 1855 compared with those of 1854. The imports of 1855 amounted, by sea, to 1,275,000,000f., and, by land, to 675,000,000f.,-in all, to 1,950,000,000f. In 1854 the imnorts had been 1.709,000,000f., or 241,000,000f. less than in 1855. The import trade in 1855 employed 22,987 vessels, 9,587 Flenich and 13,400 foreign, measuring together 3,302,568 tons. The exports in 1855 amounted, by sea, to 1,580,000,000f., and, by land, to447,000,000f.,-in all, to 2,027,000,000f. In 1854the exports had been 1,787,000,000f., showing a difference in favour of 1855 of 240,000,000f. The vessels engaged in the export trade numbered 13,770,-5,768 French and 8,002 foreign, measuring 2,030,698 tons. The importation of gold in 1855 was3S0,000,000f., and silver 120,000,000f. The exportation wasgold, 162,000,000f., and silver 318,000,000f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 90c. for the end of the month; and the ITew Loan at 70f. 90c.; Orlean Bailway Shares, 1,345f.; Great Northern, 1,125f.; Strasburg, 940f.; New Shares, 8a2f. 50c. ; Paris and Lyons, 1,470f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,687f. 50c.; Western of France, 932f. 50c.; Bordeauxc and Cette, 752f. 50c. ; Great Central of France, 647f. 50c. ; Lyons and Geneva, 782f. 50c.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,555f. ; AustrlanRaflways, 892f. o0c. Coirs Acuthentiqye.-PtRS, June 21.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbiirable for 10 years), 93f.; Three per Cents., 70f. 60c. 70c. 65c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 70f. 70c. * ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 70f. 70c.; Bank of France, 4,050f.; Credit Foncier, 695f. 700f. ex. div. - ditto Oblirations of 500f., Four per Cents., 44s5f.; ditto Tenths, 90f.; ditto Three per Cents., Tenths, SOf. ; Credit Mobilier, 1,540f. 1,545f. 1,550f. 1,555f. ; Discount Bank, 680f.; Piedmnontese Five per Cents., 92f.; Austrian Five por Cents., 91.; Belgian Four-and-a-Half Per Cents., 961Romans, S5; Spanish Interior Debt, 41A f. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 35c.; three months, money, 25f. 2Ac. ITALY. (ERo3t ounr owN cormBEsroNDE.T.) --NAtPLES, Juxx IS. ! Saturday last terminated the third day of the politicaltrialsinNaples. The increasedcattendance showed the great interest which is felt by the public in them, the court having been much fuller than on any preceding day. Behind the judges I observed the American and Prussian Ministers, the Sardinian Charge d'Affaires, and members of the British, French, and Prussian Legations. I do not think that the presence of foreigners was much desired, for the tribune had not been opened, and strict inquiries were made as to every one who obtained a seat and by whom he had been introduced. Tn one case a gentleman of the court was reprimanded by the Commissary of Police for having giving facility. to the entrance of the French Attach6. The Court was occupied during the day -with the examination of the witnesses for the defence, many of whom were men of the highest respectability. It would be useless for me to recount in detail what took place. I shall confine myself therefore to such of the leading features as will enable you to enter into the spirit of the affair. The witnesses, some of whom wvere priests, spoke in the highest terms as to the character of several of the accused, declared their persuasion of their innocence of the offence laid to their charge, and especially of having sent secret letters from the Bagni of Procidato Naples, which they declared to be impossible. During one portion of the proceedings the Attorney-General read a letter from the Neapolitan Consul at Genoa, in which he said it was impossible to procure the information which was desired, as, in consequence of the disorder which existed in that kingdom, it was of no use to apply to the Piedmentese authorities. The reading of this letter evidently produced considerable effect on the Sardinian Charge d'Affaires. The leading incident of the day, however, was the examination of the Augustin monks in defence of their associate Padre Ruggiero. After one had been examined as to the character and conductof thePadre anotherwas summonedbeforethe court,who, after swearing to tell the truth by placing his hand on his heart, was asked some trivial questions which he answered so as completely to exculpate Ruggiero. He then exclaimed, " I have sworn to tell the truth, and may God help me to do so. When the Commissary Campagna came to the monastery he examined room after room. As to myself, he stripped (unrobed) me, threatened to lash and to imprisonme." (Great sensation.) " Do you tell the trath," said the President. "I call God to witness that I do-that God who gave me my voice and strength. I must and will speak the truth." At this moment not the slightest sound could be heard in the court-all were listening with the utmost attention; the foreign 19inisters bent over as if unwiling to lose a si,le word, and several of the judges shut their eyes as though willing to conceal any signof agitation. " Sinor Presideut," said the Attorney-General, " may I ask one qtestion? Was not the witness reputed to be mad?" " MIad ! " sneered the monk; " yes, I had a fever some fiveyears ago." "I never heard that he was mad," said another monk." " I was informed that hewas mad," said the Attorney-General, " and that it woulld be iuinecessarsy to take his deposition," notwithstanding that in the very earliest stage of the proceedings a considerable effort had been made to extort some information from him. This man, withouit the slightest charge being niade against him, was imprisoned 12 days. The Superiorof theAugustins was then examined. He had known Ruggiero for 30 years. Believed that no suspicios persons frequented his room, and that he had no connexion with any conspiracy. He spokse of threats having been used by the police, and, from his manner, appeared to be very indignant at the mode in which the body had been treated. Thelastwitness called was the General of the order-a handsome, determined-looking man, whose appearance evidently produced a most favourable impression. "I have thought it ny duty, as the General of the body," said he, " to come here this day to defend my son. I have known him for many years as a respectable and most useful member. I was astonished at the charges brought against him, and immediately ordered a most searching and secret investigation, but I have found nothing aggainst him. One of the fraternity, after having been examined by Campagna, and deposed against R-uggiero, came to my room and, throwing himself at my feet, confessed that all he had said was false-that he had been menaced, and feared exile or the Ergastolo." I gave you a report last year of the perquisition made by the police in this monastery, and added that the Papal Commissioner, Mlonsignor Pizarro, was residing in it at the same time, and had been a sharer of the insults offered to the Augustins. In fact, it was easy to see that the resentment which this treatment had awakened was extreme, and the polce and the Augustins assumed a most antagonistic position to each other. The proceedings of the day now terminated, and I am informed that, by Royal rescript, the trial has been suspended for this month. We shall enter then upon the month in which, just one year since, these unfortunate victims of despotism were imprisoned. This one fact is damning; but connect with it the folRowing :-The character of the informer, " Pierro the Penitent ;" the illegality of the Attorney-General's acting as the Giudice Istruttore; the ferocity of Campagna,whose agents conducted themselves like bedre (wild beasts), to use the same word that was used in court; the lashes inflicted by the order of this decorated Royalist commissary on men yet imcondemned; the spitting on the person, the foul Language, the menaces to monks, their persons stripped, and themselves threatened with imprisonment ;-put all these facts together, and forget not that Campagna, the lasher, was the man who furnished the materials for the accusation, and then ask what decency, humanity, or personal secuLity exist in Naples ? And the remedy for all this, according to some, is an amnesty. Amnesty, indeed! it would be a relief, I repeat, to individuals, but a ciurse to the nation, as it would be asserted to be a full and sufficient answer to remonstrances. On Friday last we had a proof of the agitation which exists under the surface in this country, even among the bassa gente. It was the fete of St. Antonio-a fite of traditional observance among the Reactionists, as on that day, in 1799, Cardinal Ruffo entered -with his ruffians, and in the name of the Cross of Santa Fede sacked, burnt, and murdered. From that time the name of Sanfedisti has descended tothe unscrtupulous supporters of Royalty. Last year Campagna endeavoured to get up a demonstration, but it did not succeed in consequence of the spirit displayed by the Constitutionalists. This year his agents dressed in white, and bearing the Royal banner, landed at San L.ucia. Te Constitutionalists opposed them with the tricolor, and soon began an attack with stones, which the Yeapolitans use withso much effect. The police interfered, and 16 men were arrested. I call your attention to this fact-one of many-in answer to the assertion that the Neapolitans are indifferent to change. There is not a man in the kingdom who does not complain of oppression under one form or another, and seeks a remedv, though he may be unable to define it; and if he ever affects indifference or is silent, it is easily explained in a country where smiles andc signs are crimes, where an uncondemned man is tortured with lashes, and where the prison will shut him out from the world for a twelvemonth or more, before even a Yeapolitan trial is accorded. I have one caution to give at the end of my letter, which is this, that foreigners must not think what I havebeen relatingito be unusual occurreiices. They are part of the system with which those who have bean long behind the scenes are vell acquainted-a system which Austria is interested in supporting, and which England and France contemplate with a respectable regard for Divine right to do ill. (FRomx AnoTR cBounxsro.-wEN'T.) JuNE\ 12. The number of the accused in the trials which are actually being held here is 11. They are accused of having conspired to overthrow and change the actual Government. Their names are NWicola Mignona, a barrister. Raffaele Ruggiero, an Augustine monk. Atngelantonio do Ciceo, a priest. Carlo de Anelis. Raufaello Mauro. Gennaro Mortali. Basilio Palnieri, a lawyer. Daniello Ventre. Ginseppe Avitabile. Antonietta do Pail, a n-uL. :Benjamino de Rosa, a priest. The accuser of these persons is-as I learn from the official act of accusation-one Domenica Francesco Pierro, of Naples, who (so says the act), "stung by remorse, revealed the designs of his fellow conspirators." In consequence of the revelations of Pierro, -who a noted spy by profession, 39 persons were arrested, and, after a longimprisonment, nothing being proved against them, they were all liberated, with the exception of the above-mentioned 11. From the evidence wvhich has been adducld it will be difficult to convict theni of a conspiracy, of which they deny any knowledge. The accused Alignona has publicly declared that while in prison under accusation he as well as others received the bastonnade, wvith a view to compel him to confess a crime of which he never was guilty. The priest de Rosa declared that he had to submit to blows and other indignities, against which he protested both as a man and as a priest. I might enumerate a number of cruelties inflicted upon the unfortunate prisoners. In a fit of rage one day the Governor of the Bagno di Procida ordered 72 of the prisoners to receive 100 lashes each, and the order was carried out to the letter. A Government which can sanction such infamous acts caannot escape the opprobrium attached to them; and in the name of justice and outraged humanity every man should stand forth to denounce them. It is needless to add that the proceedings of this trial are eagerly watched by all classes. It is dfiiicult to understand why the Xing ordered it to take place. Was it with a view to brave public opinion, or to convince England and France that his throne is menaced by continual attempts at conspiracy and revolt? The future will clear up this incomprehensible mystery. I may add that the statute law of 1848, which was a spontaneous act of the King, and solemnly sworn to by him, has never been abrogated. That statute abolished for ever special criminal courts; consequently the present trial and the sentences that mnay be pronounced are illegal. The general opinion is that sentence of death will be passed.
GZA1D BANQUET AT THE MMINITY-HOUS4 On Saturdlay evening the annual entertaimnment, formierly, gven on Trinityv Monday, toolk place at the Trinity-howqi~ Tower-hill, on which occnsion his Royal Highness Prince Albert, as master of that veneraLble corporation, his RoyaX Highness the Duk-e of Cambridge, and a distingtCiffed party attended the banquet. The full haud of the Grenadier Guards was sbatioiedl ida the grand staircase, andl performaed selections of martial arls during the arrival of those invited to dine. All were in uniform, Prxince Albert, Sir james Graham, t-he Right Honei Hlenry Iabouchere, &c., belonging to the corporation, ap. pern nthat belonging to the Td~nity Elder Brethreiu. The ])nk of Cambridge, Sir John :Burgoyne, the Earl olf Dundonald, and Sir Edmund Lyons were in full miilitary and naval dress, and, "though ls not least" in public estimation, Major-General Sir William Fenwick Wfiliams,' the defender of IKars, who wore the insignia of the Order ot' the Bath, with which he was invested by the Queen in th(t afternoon. Hlis Royal Hlighness the Duk~e of Canibridge~; attended by Colonel the Ron. Jamnes Macdonald, arrivecl at half-past 6 o'clock from Lis residence in St. Jamees'sPalace,' andonenteringwas receivedwithdue honoux by the nitaiy band. Captains Bax, Drew, Pelly, Farrer, Shuttleworth, ler, Madan, Pitcairn,Nelson,Oien, Piaey, Close,Faqhr son, Eleaby, Gordon,Wellbank-, Redman,,IandJWere,hedl by the Deputy-Master, Captain Shepperd, on learning ot the approach of the Royal carriages assembled in the vestibule to receive the illutstrious Prince. His Royal Highness Prince Albert arrivedl at 20 minutesf to 7 o'clock, attended by the Marquis of Abercorn, Major. General the Hon. Charles Grey, Colonel the Hon. C.R. Plhipps, &c., and on entering the hail was welcomed by thei Deputy-Master and the Elder Brethren,whG accompaniedhi-I Royal Higimness to the Court-room, where the whole of the in-itedwuests had congregated to offer their respects to bis IndfitontothelPrince Consort andlthe Duke of Camn. bridge and the before-mentioned "m erchant" Elder Bra. thren, the coimpany at dinner included the Duke of Argyllj the Dukle of Wellington, the Marquis of Lansdowne,' Marquis Camden, the Earl of Derby, Admiral the Earl, of Dundonald, G.C.B. ; the Earl of Selkirk, Viscount Pal. merston, 'Viscount Monclk, Lord Redesdale, L-ord Stanleyv of Alderley, the Right Hlon. Sir Charles Wood, the Right; Ron. llenry labouchere, the Right Hon. Sir James Graham, the Right Hon. Sir George Grey, the Right Hon. Robert Vernon Smith, the Eight Eon. W. G4 Hayter, the Eight Hon. Sir Thomas Fremnantle~, the Eight HIon. the Speaker of t-he House of Comms. mons, the Right Hon. Sir Edward Ryan, the Right Hon. Dr. Lushington, Judge of the High Court of Admiralty; the Right Hon. Sir Maurice F. F. Berk-eley, Admiral S"n Edmund Lyons, G.C.B.; Lieuteniant-General Sir John Bur goyne, G.C.B. ; .Major-General Sir W-illiam Fenwicic W5IN hiams, X.C.B.;- Major-General the Hon. C. Grey, Admiral Sir Stephen Lushington, Sir George Bonhamn, Sir Johin? Lubbock, Sir James C. M1elville, Colonel the Hon. C. B3. Phipps, the Hon. Ca~ptain Denman, the Hon. Stephen B,~ Sring Rice, Admiiral Eden, -MaJor Robertson, Captain Washington, Coptain Fitzroy, Captain Craigde, Captain. Walk-er, Captain A. Milme, Captain H. Drew, the Governot and Deputy-Govemnor of the Bank of England, the Chair3man (Colonel Sykes) and the Deputy-Chairman oE the East India Cmpany (Mr. ri. D. Mangles), Mr. X. Mfasterman, MNLP., P1rofessor Faraday, the Rev.%M. Stanley,, the Rev. Mr. Letts, Mfr. Mills, Air. Symes, MrY. Herbert3: Mfr. Lushington, Mr. D)uwcan Drinbar,Mr. Blyth, Mx. Stuartr. M1r. James Walker, Mr. Wbitbread, Mlr. O.WITgram, Mr. Shepherd, Mtr. S. Rtelman, Mr. Horatio -Wilson, Mrx.Clive' Mr. Teed, Mir. Thomas, Mr. James Wilson, Air. H, Y.' 'Williams, Mr. Hoare, Mr. Crawshaw Bailey, M1r. Farrer,~ M1r. Arbuthnot, M1r. T. Chapman, Mx. Hoffey, Mr. Edward. Drew, Mx. E. Chapman, Mtr. Bennett, M1r. Booth,Mr W. Cotton, &c. The Maste-rand Company left the Court-room at a quarter!to 7 o'clock for the library, in which the banquet was, served in a style of s.plendour, the magnificent gold vas,' a gift to the corporation from His latea Majesty Wilhiani IV'., occupying a conspicuous place on the table. His Royal Highness Prince Albert, as Master, presidocY on the occasion, an pported on the right by his Royal High. ness the Dukeo of Cairbridge, the Deputy-Mlaster, Captain Sheperd beng eatd ont~Ie lft f te Pince Consort. The ilitry and layeavaietyofrompositions duain'nthe epas. Ondessrt bing lace on he tble his IRoYJ Hignes thMaser avesevraltoatsin succession, Vis. coun Pamertonandothrs f te mre distinguished per. seneges present acknowledging them in appropriiate terms. At half-past 9 o'clock the Prince and party adjourned tai the Court-room, the handsomie apartment looking ton Trinity-sqre adorned by full-lengthpotas of ~& I- u IV. and Queen. Adelaide, and the late illustrious hiastera the Duk-e of Welling ton and -William Pitt, and also witiL marble busts of Georg IIL, Williamn Pitt, and the -ltat Marqui Camnden. There Prince Albert, the Duke ot His oyalHighessPrine Alertand attendants toolk leae sorly ftrwads,whn te ukeofCambridgo and 'patysepraed,th hnd laingth NaioalAnthem on.
THE COUNTY COURTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDIES. Sir,-I wish to draw your attention to something wliic&i ought to be explained. In the autumn of 1853 a commrais. sion was appomted to inquire into the practice of the County Courts. Three of the members were County Court judges. I need not mention their names, but, adoptingthc phraseology of AMr. Wilson, I shall describe them by thel respsective numbers of their circuits, as 15, 38, and 48. Fromn the County Court returnAs presented to Parliamenst in 1355 for the year 1354, the followAng facts appear:- Number of liumberof Numnber of Numnber of Sittings plaints en- c6uses days Court hours of held by - tered. tried. sat. each sitting. deputy. Cmcnr 15. 4,219 1,622 153 about 4 153 CIcxRC 33. C,259 3,417 143 about 5 32 Cutrs 4&. 12,773 8,4 135 nearly 7 nonec. Appended to these returns is a note, which states that tho judge of Circuit 15 was obliged, in orderto attend the meet¶ ings of the commissioners, to appoint a deputy to sit for hint 140 days- and that the judge of Circuit ;38 was, for a like reason, obiliged to appoint a deputy for 20 days, Now, what I wish to kno w is-fret, who is to pay these depouties?2 and next, how is the wide discrepancy betweert 20 days and 140 days to be econ ed? I very much donl%' if a return were called for, whether it would appear that the commissioners sat in 1854 as many as 40 days altogether. WVhat renders the above facts the morecremarkab1gs* that the judge of Circuit 15 is one of the gentlemen sel by the Treasury to receive a esalauy of 1,5. - a-year, thouglt he only sat as judge duringfive dsys in 1854, and though thOg total number of causes tried in his courts in that year was L622, or less than one-half of the causes tied in Circuit 3A, the judge of which is still paid onlyl,200L ayea-. I am, Sir, your obedientservant, VU: V Lv.W." p ^Tzemeumouneiv.
SALES BY AUCTION. Absolute Reversionto Money in the Punds. lIJR, W. H. HEWITT hasyrceeivedainstructions from Ikthe Trustees for Sale to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart. on Wednesday, July 9, at 12, in one lot, the ASSOLUTE ItEVERsION. to 41,092 lOs. 55. Consols, standing in the names of highly respectable is-ostees, and recelivable on the death of a lady, in the 55th year of bar age. Particulars anid conditions of sale may be bad of Mbessrs Bell. S-teward. and Lloyd, solicitors 49, Lincolns-inn-fields:- of Mfeasre ItoOper, Birchlingramo, anid Whately. solicitors f& Idncoln'sinn.fied - at the Meart; andsat the auctioneer's offices, A1 Hart-street, Bloomsbury-square, Valuable Absolute Rleversion to Stoclc inth odnadNrhWs era Railway, and also in the Buckin hrsieand in tbeNorthEastern Railways.' H.HEWVITT is directed by the Trusteed3 MEfor ale to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart. on Wedniesday, July II, .12occkinthree lots. the ABSOLUTE REVERSION to £4,000 LODN n NORTH-WESTERN RtAIWAY sToOK, also to £e3.150 Buckingbamsnsire Railway Stoelu guaranteed by the L-ondon and North-Western Railway, and to £3,750 Berwick Consoidated Stock in the North-Eastern Railway, all standin n the names of ighy espctaletrutes. nd ecivaleon th~eadeath of alady Absolut-e Reversion to £9,000, nqw investe omrgaeOf estates Of ample value, in Sussex and awcsie 1JR. W. H. HEWITT is dietdby the Trustees for Sal to SELL, by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednuesaay, July S, at 1,, in three Wot, the valeable ABSOLUTE3 REVEROSIOE-to a sum of £4,9.00, most amply secured Aon a valuable estate in the county of Sussex; alsso to a sum of £3. , also fully secur-ed upon an estate in the same county; and to £1,000. secured upon 12 houses in the town of Rtugby, in the county of Warwick: the whole being in the names oftrustees of theldghest respectability, and receivable on the deathoeta ndyhtowin the55thyear other age, Particulars and conditions of sale may be had at the Mart of Meessi. Belli, Steward, and Llod,soicior, 9, inol's-nnfild; of Messr. Itoper, Birch, Ingram, an Whately,solicitrs 8.Lincolns-inn-fields; and at the Elg,ible Church Pr-efesment, Neat. VIp . W. H. HEWITT basa received instructions to SELL by AUCDTION, at the Mart. on Wednesday, Jul 9, at 12, the, NEXT PRESENTATrON to the VICARAGE of GR,&ENEYCUM-GOODINESTO,NNs~ituateinabeanuifulpartofthecountyofxent, alittlemoretban two milesfrom. thecapitalmarlkettuscnot FaTershaM, clos_eIttese,yn ACINea Cat tehu'lry, OrnWe-bydn,Terea nl 9 at goo parsonk,age-ous adeofices anlte tOY OtLD vSAlue oofathliing mtay bep etafAimatresdeatbou £170ope annm E Tbphuse ligbytati ner 300.ounhedin cube t sm thegun on thyea of utrt age athe towa may bdewbad atd the Martofoeb at Brathuet,sweep srolictor, Favhm xand tin Londonewitt' ontaices, nobl halt-stelegat. droomgbry-squ ar iae. mro,on in ae-atsdFml eiene ihps ession th MR study. nuer ITT behasbeeceived istrucnts insfto SELcabriaUe-h ION, satUg the Marts, on Wdnotesdy July 9, ai2 o'cok ameteuat dsabclepriias C vPYthI ESTAiti E, onsisting-ma oeha atu bitowgrudonthe outskrtsao the town olfnn a Edgewa tamre, an Wtod a-, contain Jonsoble ball,ezlegantodrawing Groomcaitsqale dinin room morn-uc tioneer'ostd,nmrubechmesansrats offices, withr-tee,Boosay-qa dXe tGceducarig-os, ste Iablg,co-house, andoi-sret oterout-buildings,w o pahe enant, 6nonbrd~andarear,wonstiensol sytermayb ha a theMat; t he ricipl nnsatEdear,Stnoo andv Watfovedin ofL S. t ohnson Es. slctor, 5,mniGray's-inn-square;oand atJthesauc tioneer's Offces, 11, HarAYtreet,eB2oosatey1sqnthe Thme roeb uck, eyoA Pabd-osde,bl T nysteet dircuthwarougahfe pcs fro an-re d tote Crydtal ralwayte nni 31jESSRS. WISBY ancl MILES have isructeive in- SE ubymAUtIN at GarrawayTIIO'st,ara,my THIS DAY,Jue2,a1,th withemmcdatepossunessen Thevi preymiseos ae igd ofbprdvnecnr,aand whel situate to command a large adpofit6aabetrade,wbeingturoundedbyt the umeouswhars, .c inthe ocaity oMa bhe viewd, rand par-m man-sreet Borugh;and o theauctonees,0 reount-syreed,aWest- mntrra,Srey.S UTL W R E rsefuy n Cmbe~rwe,shsnumeroyu-roadesidenPalficendsai the dubire thartu he bas subMOVt toPbis OFCElSfUtIoN3, atchoGarrawye, THIbadstreAt, Junold 23bt2uinless pMi ftreviul dipsdobyiae contrtd mta fact hrthfoe valabe LEASE ivatr f1 er, ttelwrn f£0 with TAD,alethseat BULL'S plaw, situatonhemiradfm Tomoerrwel-egdayn t Junech Th,is house has eetyhdaea slcTor3, Blackman-estre, Bognerough anS ftemutoees Mout-stPreet. es,nindsterIroa okl, idortrac,CW Juy omshsnuerous a 1 rowett onut fre usrds anthe pubro icTN tat be hasREMOVteD abinoFFIe tor31, Noicrsg4holas-Ins Leambaregineret hersehi business will csig futroabe coducted,mc intead ofashrton,force at 32, Poultry.foge pten bel Notie ofPosponeentofSles1 BuihldAng ofnd tIAhe olhANEIt'aPREMISES andLSTOiK i To F. n udrs ninees.mths,cand eythers ?IXofSule ALiRED DtY BELL SEy AUTyN a1Jt G~o onThuesday. June24, at 12, withoutrenserve, theO enf ITTIGSan UitE cnsiLSera te abovtae works; turmprikig-hoa o steamd ngneg 0 hors boEfeler, ls iron wotnewlyfraes,edit furllnac oues, 1oso iron fMreig blows auldnvioels,usmihs toos, thewrouhos,ptern, gands fittigs, quaveryo pentersg baenhes, plarte-glarssfrnt, wrnitiongals,o dspalein' bebtinked ati teoffies,o Maysrbe viewe onMnda W midmominPgp of sale Cta-l logue Jhnadyenrth pEmseq. Eanido the auctioneer, 4City-erac.Ct-rod. BuildingarR Land. ath Worrkhou'se,adBidngMtras HousehldF. B. ureBL aLEYi irnsmetru Fctd by 6othveCasbinees Mintrfciudli Smithlt SELL by AUCTION . po ath Gaboo1rraa's. o THurSDAY, Jl June 23 an 2 etenie PbLOT of the moder nd elegan wihacosdralegoo furonitugetiothewod turnpikgroad landingd furniture toina to- Eaied alotwohewl erfect.Oniedwellng-ouss the housfsuage, ortalBuilin formeryued as the wpremieus.o and ah largiesqatt of tea Buionge 7 Matels,orticularset aondon cenditiolmsfofrsle Esmaybet Fatnh fces ofnesry. BatdTysadWih,2,Pprbidig,T l ofrJohnsaesTomr,roq., Euneld th utine,4,Aph-o Reget'-prk aeidndca carawys, THI DAt, Juidneg23 atnsb12. the whole .ofthmodlnd elegantu cHin,ulss, and oThaer F\uesanffecta n ie Up t rteshorv ofSale, n caaousotie on the premamsTISes oA at the olijstecat of, the ause-u anUstd,EsHeLD -LrU eofTaRemp acnitigo mamiyhousny fonpoth Mall, any SOTHATioEry and Toys-By th.eir It. oBL,uooh Peie. ToHmorrow , June 24 , at12 W AFH E ReideceOcOUR se D awn etac a iig Edwigranidgbeafst roomrs, 6tbed roms hith sceyad house, odn e ih rehue h faunituo o coPit ofybedstadranreddngt et Hoflnd S drw rs,tble ancairs,chnaan gls,and sundry ceebtred ar salqatit&Teopityrof facymprsteationery,so cashes andtoys. MayIube vpeiewed,sand caaogues obtainedroonxthe premuises; lendsinteeratae n Wihb nrted Blal,c Maldiat, and Aatyr Nble'sewd No.ra1, NoreahbuildJng ns, iub ry-eiiat Houshl untr oue andTad mixtu-sres,tan Efets.Uneram dSle ESSrR SPE TERGBRanDCo wi EL byst AUte tIo,EL M3.o the Premises ATHISa BAh, thea ond Tuesday, at 1y2, thetuseful lothe eseas,la bedding, chesteAT IIUE'of rawers6, seteroflmahogany cais corne card, and oeother tbe, carpets~d4, chimneyllass,r tvaluabl Orgnall Hoilspainting, "TheoJudgueett of Paleris.uater-colourgdrawings pits,t meadiga thooilare Grand bookrstre, k nd le unture, cuntsbisbg houenfittns, a'rntsfoutingc tron ae.sieve throughothuse beldfoba'u,x cpboreds,rofgsaefittna,the ogrin housaenfiturels, andeariousdefec' Oentve monin Hofse sal. C5atalo26eSonth-teet pertemises; and ofth auTieeponeer,2,outie ry.fsbtnileeto 'eoletrpi,wl ySouTHG, aTEI arsnd t tAeTT srat aptheit reRoms at,Flet-ostfret seurivetment, anLmayb Draewengs Oby pers inoftietncand, 5Ol Enroavinstre. amogt the drTat;awngsfh amctiongh,if~ase BsrrndeC., Hollac-iandsret Sotwr. ot Vre Bo . aentley - Jenkins I'ynotoW k i Tandoter ecelebrtedariss Thfe octurs cfaGompris ChesainoDgrb aue engravngAs incud osprieus ofcmeo the Prprieod,whoios ofTurner. s.andthebr Rotae itratr acimofllihe,lth.cMabvie ltESSRS. UG H and SON r winrctdt SELLbyA - by public AUCthmiONs, at thoeMr, on Thuesday. July116, at 12,i for, THIItTeE PRnnVne TE HOSSwo.5 2 eeell-sectdSOKtothrih trec3it-l axtuesaneIf Shopand.one gother,beos.e4mondge9,aBnderlma-.Treetocad zoth atlead ing th orpoughiaeGreatdover-adlstre, Eanpsl testarblished pIre1,dtrm ofd gSyers,n atalowrs garondsh rent,uAso Leashol broundts Ien acnd bouster, Nose25 and 20, Smih-estee,ant,neuar Sthe theriu ofi the resantenslorthernRilwa,exlcalintmarapidy iprcovingtinsvaluer, Tnhesaeypropertis,gare of substanitilerecitiong, exhantsorepcanistr,sel secure inogasestinoffte and mapeppiewe byls bermis,i ofithe eats, si Part-icuar maybies hapialofl iMesrns,mRayrsuxan Bsmheadi, gs-liitting.,, pS,eOldeBroad-street: atrtho Mart; andtof3thegauctioneers,tMesrs Pug and Cooxa, 64, Blackmagdn-street. cinthw.k liltno. . eCavendihra,Wnsot-odTegaleSokI Trade, exelet Fitures,adEfcso rcr heeogr [ullts ah r Miesartaov, on Thurs-day, June 20, at 1.2 i fiTA-UrsAndLtiso g1ror,eeehl Estaoters an oimarsn.ghestc hat dr an grundcolurs vanises, one,tap brushes,boom I aen, uttr, hesireandothr chese, ad tonasl toc; te fx tI.elre Hem ehih road thoug thewidnvaeytpoth Os. shot istnc fom heaboe;anther piec oflndwihaae tars thereon and severa oasueof rauablebuildin lnd stae in the vilage of Halstead. These proete r rl anbe en so ligblyritat~, n si dligtfl ad halty country. Ther are omniusesto md frm Lodon,so da ralunyin cnelaint come ishhsfive iles,and sag an fox ohnds i halgbuh- Maybeviwe 3 dIsprroiu te al, ndprntd arsc,ugofo The Sozpri-eWi-e Vaults5 Llsverhans-square. Chelsea HIEN'RY HAIYES anta SON will SELL by AUC- eLde IfIth, at Garraway's, THIS DI'NAY, Jume 23, at I precis~ely, by eae fte Administrator of Jane P. W-31demith, dec%ease, the SURPRtISE WINTE VAUILTS, Caversham-zqure, Ring's-road, Chelsea a neatly-erected, well-situate house, capable of doing a largs trade, end admirably arranged for conducting te same with comfort andaeconomy. The attention2of men of buinessis particularly calld to thisproperty, as poseasingereat and increasing adrn' tagus. Mhe lese has 70 Years to rnm, a' £60 pr annum. Pull particul]ars and cards to view may be obtained oftr George Hfaineg, auctioneer, 12 Grosvenor-street west, EAto-s ore n the prmises; at Garraway'a sadat the suctioncereroffic.as., Mor+ e, iy Important Sale of Leasehold Estates. M[ ERY HA.IXES and SO-N -viI1 SELL by AUC- TION, at Garraway's, THIS DAY. June 23, atl precisely, bY eJn of the REecutors, anud without creserve. the following eligi=ble PROPE TIES, in lts: :No;. T, 8, 18, ad 35, St. Jamnes'-place, ew dross, with gardensfront and rear. and internally excellentlynrranged, being sutable forlnhlyresp~ectl7 familieg, three haye Oach-houses and stables, held for 68 years, at a ground rent amounting lo £96 3'. ad let to good anual tenants at £139; ala), &aoincome of nearly k Annal-arlin: ot f vlior.weekly properties in Dover-road, Nsc.h'an Camn 'elL. Alsw as improved Grotidd Rent of £13 lOs. per annum arising out of Premises in Gravel-lane, Sonthwark, let tothe Sonthwa.rk-bridge Compan~y. -May beTviewed by leave of the reseciv tnans,en prtculrsobaiedof Mtssr. Beddomue and I.icser st-e o r.t Geore Haunta, Oxucdtioneer 2 reeo- flTENRYHAINES and SON willi SELL by AUC- jLI IN tGanraway's on Monday. June 30. at 1, the 1lIED-IlrHAN) WIEVALS formerly Fainlau?s's 300, Oxford-street, a first-rate situation, capable off being made one of the best wine-vaults in he etrpols; lacd a th conerofOxford-street and Great Chael-tret,boude inherea bya enslypopulated locality, and thefrot b oe o th min ntresof ondn,The house iswell-. buit nd omortbl, te rad lrge ht olya per ceutage of what willbe dne. he easeis In g,nd he rnt tidin.'Fll particulars end ard toviewwil bensn~y M. GorgeMoies,auctioneer. 12, Groveor-tret es, Eto-gIbae; ndatthe autoneer's ofticee,, Ts,vern histhe northern suburb. TIENRY HIXE§ and SON are deputed toDSELL ELL byu'blic AUCTON, at Garvway'g, on Moniday, June 30, atl, the LEAE and GOODWILL in TRADE of the ST. JOHN's TAVERNI. St. ,lohnls,park-road, near St, Jolm?s Church. Upper Hollewy. uilins ae gowig apily oun,and 2.000 iouses wil shotl surond t,of hih agrat umerare already erected. The leae wll av 99yeas, t he roud rntof £50 per annum. F-urthe paticlar an cadsto iewmaybe btanedofMr. Theobaldl, Brecknock Arms, Camdentw hENRY AINESand SN areintructed by the LLPrprleor o sumitto pblieAUCION,at arroway's, on Monay Jly , t prciel, te Iglyimportn and valuablde ai.The returns in trade are nearly;£7,000 peranu.Terort shedon lease for nearly 50 Years at a mere nomnlrar.Fo further particulars end cards to view apply to Mfr.Gereois,ac tioneer, 1IZ Grosvenor-street west, Eaton-square; a arwys n at the nuctioneere' ofrices a8 Moorgate-street, city. In Bankraptcy.-Erith, Kent.-A completeand modern BreweryPat Furniture, &c.-By order of the Assignees hR. GEO. ROBINSON wil SELL, on the Pre; AlL mires, the Mop Pole Brewery. High-street, THMS ])AY,,i June3, a 12 thePLAN, wich omprsesan 18-barrel copper, ik Bamaen' rerigeato, cpperbacs. ashton, awortyomp), coolers, Mornths,y handsome newu lihtdo cart,g bo. alodtem furnitur, ohe the u nuadciptyIon. May lbe viw~th-ed Satherduyrirc andatem MIR. GEO0. ROBINSON Ill1 nx SLS,ALE isRtoom pLlaeahsRm, 21, Old Bond-street, on Thursday nx, Juney26, at12FUITpreisel, whichM copiseslthe rpequisitens for the vaiusnaprtmentio,e M rontlySle ofePictrs and Draig bmoenaTiss,th ost nallit of orhich Stothardantd tthpUrcuhasrs. Jones ogfor Simmnes S ikr heli its Ros, T1, yldoedsreetWolThrsays, Jul 3 a 1. Trecisly,aedandwl includespeiens hrbyi theRoa unermetiuone Bromualey lngewi Shay roerty tlrgo n3 Thom s. GiHoll MoUa.rrdisl Surrey,a TauRAbl Ureeold aResdne .Atonses an Sop,fo.rd Simmos Vidterae, Ers-era trad 6.eSixHue Rutssdenll alamilims.o 7R. SixIRes RSH'e s OtCabrDeR fSLE tth Siin Compranl florsfeituabed Bfor inon-paymnclt o calls. to 2. ValuableoldnProperty,ldituatetyn Fatmislingtl ottingSlets. 4.rEighteen Hoyses obatiteney.tteM n t2r a sofcs 8. CarMouse-rw andShop, Nous.,WatedtrceEre-otrod KensEington.g o non h ubi ha v.aSixouses atSydenbTm.avrie o AEe arwy T. SixAY aetence. atil Cabeferwed ntel ooiL re 8. SevkieyralPod.Ts alualeluiings Lnd,7 atHndtiolsh- thown ow 2. AitLeaseholdProperty, situstein No.a-enzersteet ttin.il 3.artericuarsrmaydbeaottaFinedaLteMart;hnd Houses Marsh's to 31,ces, 2, Charlotte-row, Mansion-house. Lowe At Gaamaway's to.-T iiis Day.y variigtous PahogERTnE andvoertisd foirtreeTiRafrtesGarrawa'e THS AY a 1. rlbooferd n hefoloin order:- a an Ladionsthe rear. iigteBmtRiwySain 2. lt-r.aD-CAeaeeOldMohaseNo. -eeied nerstrnetiost S.Cmercil-ea easT-Iveo teasrehodmenses, Nion.sIow 1ri, Thil pot-srew(Tet, dand ,Jundnte re,ar 1.'bexentGOIGROSo G. ASSeon so.A Fcreewiholde Mousrfe, No. Churc5h-lanDe.ebras a. Wsppitngo.faring Leseo1holdMeses,l foa.itn 0,ir Plugh-is,alley. ~~rising rot ofng 9-ee mahoganyan oeodCar,he 'aoots ag 3 re ftet superitor Coffehe llt lly. whel. lDoarg-e Chimney glse,P InsPanetiengs, Chna Glass BdfodEstte LOAR.JAX.wAi wl SELL by AUCTION, atth June 24,onensa,u ,at 1,aou 1 lt,fixelntnn lots,H]J caFtlbzick TuiREH Under bihof sale;icluing allv the1nusul descriptIon ofhous. holdf3anditurersholethsrerwthpublc-housre ISt.resa ighasinthcart, baorouharo,d.ont view,ndceatloge hamdeatowantheeromsmadocatof the auctioneer. 7, Wahelwow bth-ropost Line ReE. adoiin thder' BairupRatcry Sa in MR. EDWINWORTH has dreceivedofinstrActions to ArflSLbAUCTION,on thelPremises1,GLoughstrwee.Tno-t morrow(Tuesroday. Ju-ne2ro, atne124.ath 12elen Go rOWiseyGth CROPSo GRAS on185 ore, wth te atereed o te rith of December,as 'Ia eaniyo anigsok ousehold=tr,hreinfumitues,. dEfdaiy xtnsl,mnox-e sideoar, to lrge presses,ptentrad mangle, t'.,argecpe. wt a wihRatn aEes cH2NArs. wlouhl harows bhety AUCfOur-,heat chaise . Maley, be vIewedsnthermornin ofS sleonMG applicationto inn1OS;ECosing'liRayandIoTUR. co:nrksmh earstate aend, Afadlayt srmtofgninvesAatments n teBdfordb Esftaten.% raaS o 1ITR.L E Xwil SELL by AUCTION, at the iff ar, on Wednesoday,Jul2,atc1, Iaien nierots, capita'lbrck-hi thoromiughfwarefromtHe New-radtoCamden-tiown,TedIh immJned3ate vicinityhoft thesNorthWsenvietto, theF nTRZicudncee bfranch peel.. postce and oherringen sand, Amethl, sqiu ares Te probert ispheldaon leass diect romhis racetheDukeof Id er talesora tinfexpiredtem May be viewedf bye pemtrmsso ofr Theorespetv tenant, deesd particuarrs Obained of Meinssrs. Jrudes2, Mats2i on, adBrinpactsroalicio 21.Red Letn-qare ; at thedal Mart; Andepat%coet the a bcine5aorlies T, Orchard Rc.S.Rde toBnr,1.Uptcy. afrdEret an dWI HT of the 3 3glpac Aeno signec wil SubLL yAUCTION,o at ethe lised io i,ot,ou-ttyetnortb Gamraysing n-road.aT-mn-ow, June 24, at b2 focit12i peisey,te SlTcrOC ted PLNaT et PAPVORSN,wtAINhe, cossingh of about 12.td picresu fTaerhnatgingnfaveecourTyo desigans,qunitylcrimson, and oethe milcOk, whte lead,colors lttong lehn t,eprintin lcks ando vr3iousy effcts Oine viewo day pSriorndhmorntaiongfsl, onhen castalogutesma bieha onThe premises; cofmC.iLee,a eq.xcialn resignee, 20us,ander cmoiuansutbeoffice,sld,ey anetrhea ctioee's 170 conidshpegae-xpenet wioth out.assne,tgte iit agACsrsU3 ice gre, r Moadernu Housaeho aldFroniture, chreePainofotes andffets,5 aremoveds bedsLte5adrs,io dto, axcaettrlesss bends,_fnanbedbuiding,arbe-o wandh- tor hece s eauifuly itatein ts wngrounds near the Church. Thepoplaionlatut180 i enirey griciural, There are twocerics a te hurh ada shol n te arsh. The church andi chacelareinngoo stte f rpai. Te ge of the present incom.. Pur.uant to aDecree oftheHigh Courtcof Chancery, made in acause " Dearely v. Story '-with the probation of the Vice-Chanoellor Sir olm tuar-by2dr.WiTYAM PPE,at the Auction Mart, in the cily of London, on Monday, the 10th day of June, 1651 at 1.2 o'clock at noon, - 'ITAUABLE reeliold Estates; Farms, and Etliild- ine, i th paises of Muttton, Fobbing, Corns '- adRm for, n te ouny f ,Eeex, in the foIlowin= lots:- Hfutton -Ut L A reeold armandbuildlings in Mutton, in the occupation of Mr. A. Offin. containing I.&2A. 2r. 25p, In Fobbing.-Lot 2. A small freehold estate, paTtels farm called Spriven-baR farma, oontainlng,cites ot buildings incluaded, 'Da. InFobbing andCoDrringham.-.Lt I, Anenclosure ofpasturel'and, and three enclo.msursofProductive arble land. -iy copyho'd and partly freehold, containing together 37a, Jr. 31 0mobig.-Lot4 A freehold enclosure of arable land, called Rig9 pale Field, containin)g Eax Ix. 20p. Lot5. A freehold enclosure of amble laud, called Chalk-field,. containing Oa. Sr. 13's Let 6 Three freehold enclosures of arable land, caled res-pectively iVbite-Kal Nice Acres White-hall Foor Acres, andEBrook-field, ith asmmall plantation, containing together 27a. Or. lip. Lot 7. Two freehold enclcsures of amable land, called respecti Il Si Ace,adOldBRarn-field, containing together I8a, 2Sr. AO.llofoe-os Asoal farm, containing, with sites of bidns S,l.Sp Lot 9. Three encleesres of pe-,turd lanad, adjoiiglnofM.Tma Newman, and A. n=Ritop', REsq., containn toehr pk r 4. Lot 10. An enclosueno O eats land, adjoinn lntfo.M roito, Req., sond 0. 1,ashiter. Lrq.,containing Ca, c o o 1 w otgsi ole-o-ae andth Raten Cunies rtailway cntamg4. x 7p h lnsalemay e be on pplcation to Messrs. Wikno and 1aker. solicitors Noth altam,Norfolk; Mfessr. Norris and AlIlen. solicitors Nc'.20, edfrd-rw, Lndo; Mr. T. J. Tousle, solicitor. SeuthAsmptanbuIdIns, ondn;the auctioneer,. Mr. Willam Plope, NorT11 Waisam, loreaid;and at the princpme inns in Boenord aod4 Eretwod.Nors rndAllen, 20, Bedfor-o, London.
