DEATHS' Deeply lamented, George NHoraee Shepherd, yonngest son of .Tohn Shephend Rsq.. of the War Department, Upnor Castle. near Rochester, Assistant-Payrmaster of Her M5ajesty's IiLated shiD Nerbudd, rupposed to have foundered off Cape AquiiLs, south coast of Africa, in June last. O(the 21st of March. at Calcutta, Dr. William Moatgomerie, Superintending Surgeon of the Barrackpore Division, deeply regretted. On Easter Sunday. at Marseilles, of typhus fever, Louisa, widow of Sir George Larpent, Baronet. On the Ist uIt., in the Island of Trinidad. West Indies aged 45. Dr. Alexr. Williaims Littepage, 3LR.C.S.lK. eldest eon ot the late John BurnleyLittlepage, irhour Master of that Iland. On the 24th ult., the Rev. Christopher Carr, rector of Fletton, near Peterborough, aged 6S. On the 30th uIt. at the residence of his mother, 21, Craven-bill, after a few days' illnes, James Donoldson. Faq., of Sydney, New South Wales. agcd 32. On the 2d inst. rajor Frederic White, of Aberdunant, 3North Wales, andlate of the 9lth Regiment. On the 2dl inst.. at Godington. in the county of Rent, FrancesLouisa, daughter of the Rev. Niscolts Toke, aged 7 year. On the 2d inst., in his 7ist year, and highly esteemed. John Riley, Esq., of Brearley Houme, near Hebden-bridge, merehant, a Magistrate for the West Riding j the county of York, and an active Director of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. On the 3d inst., at Dairy Rouse, Edinburgh, James Walk-er, Faq., of Dalry, one of the principal Clerks of Session. On the 3d finst., of consumption, Mr. James 'Parsons. of 82, L'ongacre, in the 32d ye-ar of his age. On the 3d inst., Eliza Martha, wife of Richard Lloyd, of lHolbornhill, aged 57. On the 3d inst., at 19, MIargaret-street. Cavendish-square, two days after its birth, the infant son of George Er. Williams, REq., solicitor. On the 4th inst., sudlenly. at 10. Victoria-square, Pimlico, John Owens, Esq., solicitor, in his 45th year. On the 4th in3t., Mr. Joseph W dilsin, sen., of 25, Gutter-lane, Cheapside, and of 4. Clarendon Villas, Richmond-road, Dalston, aged 64. On the 4th inst., at his residence, in Portland-place, Charles Eliott, Esq., B.R.S., late of the Bengal Civil Service, in his 50th year. On thie 4th inst.. at Westbourne-pirk-road. Sidney Herbert Braidley. the int son of Mlr. SidneySmith, jmu., solicitor, aged 9 months and 2 weeks. OnVae 5th inst., at 12, Lansdowne-PLace 'Brighton, Mfrs. F. Billinghurst. deeply lamented. On the 5th inst., Walker George. sole surviving son of Mr. and hlrs. Hforatio Henry Handey. of 17S, Waterloo-road. On Tuesday morning. the 6th inst., at his residence, 5, Devonshiresqnare, Bishopogate, after a long and severe illness, John lWarwick, Req., in the 67th year of his 3ge. On the 6th inst., Frances Elizabeth, only daughter o£ Edmond Calvert. Esq., Himndonbury, Herts, in her l0th year. At Egham, Surrey. after a very long ilness, Emma, second daughter of Mir. John Chitty Stevens.
-PRBLIAMEY-TAY INTELLIGENCE. OU -O-OS- -TDYM6 HOlCSE OF LORDS, TUSDY, IIA- 6. The LoayD CxiwCEu.O took his seat on the Woolsack at la" o'clock. LFord RAVENSWORTH resented petitions from parishesinthecounties of Yorki andRutland against the -abolition of church-rates%ithout anadequate equivalent. The noble lord also presented a petition from the Liverpool Guardian Society for the Protection of Trade, praying that the jurisdiction of the Court of Passage of the borough of Liverpool should not be interfered with, and that judgments by default in the superior courts should remain as at present; and another from the attorneys of Liverpool to the li3ke effect, and suggesting certain amendments. The Earl of SEAFTESBURY presented petitions from Brent, Ely, leamington Priors, Beverley, the minister, elders, and deacons of the Knox Free Church, Glasgow, and the inhabitants of Kerriemuir, forthe disendowinont of MEaynooth; and from Aylsham, for the¶prohibition of hands of music inl Kensington Gardents on Sunday. COUY-COURTS ACTS AENDMENT BILL. On the order of the day for the second reading of this bull, Lord RAYEIINSWORTH presented petitions from the Liverpool Guardian Society, and from attorneys practising in Liverpool, praying that alterations might be introduced into the hill which would prevent it from interfering with - certain local courts. Lord BROUGHAM said, he had been requested by most respectable persons in Liverpool and the neighbourhood to support the prayer of these petitions, and observed that the Court of Passage at Liverpool, the Tolzey Court at Bristol, and other local courts which were under the presidency of learned persons, were very important local judicatures, and .be trusted that this bill would not interfere with these useful and efficient tribunals. The LORD CHANCELLOR said, that inasking their lordships to give a second reading to this bill he would briefly state its principal objects. The local courts had become part of tfe confirmed jurisdiction of the country, and their establishment was so rooted and they had become so useful, that any attempt to impair their efficiency would be very improper and injudicious. Three years ago he issued a commission to inquire in the working of these courts, for it was naturally to be supposed that 60 different tribunals, some of them administering justice in 8 orl10 places, must fall into errors in dealing with the subjects that were brounht before them, and it was therefore important that the whole systemshould be revised. Last year the comniissioners made their first report, and they pointed out a great number of trifling errors in the existing law, and rmistakes of practice which had crept in and which required remedying, and this bill hadbeen framed vith the view of carrysnS out their suggestions. WVith regard to the details of thebill, itconsisd of some 40 or 50 independent proposals, the object of which was to remedy evils of a minute character. There wvas one point connected with this subject to which his noble 3nd learned friend (lord Brougham) had frequently called their lordships' attention-that whereas the richer class of suitors, who applied for justice to the superior tribunals, had the advantage of judges and courthouses provided for them by the State, the poorer class of suitors had to pay for their ovwn judges, because the object of the fees levied in the County Courts was to render thtse courts self-supporting. It was, undoubtedly, the first duty ef every GGvernmnent to provide for the administration of justce; but he was not one of those who would look at the question vith so scrupulous an eye as to say that the suitors should pay nothiio towards the expenses of judicial tribun.ls. The object ought to be to relieve the man who had suffered the wrong, and throw the costs on him who had committed it. The country provided tribunals, and the suitor not only recovered his fair amount of damages but also his expenses. It sometimes happened, indeed, that the debtor against whom the judgment went was not able to pay; but the only answer to that was, thatthe creditor should not have trusted an insolvent trader. It was right that courts like the Courts of Chancery and of Bankruptcy should be self-supporting, becausethey were merely a machinery for administerin property, the expenses of which were justly borne by the suitor. That principle did not, however, fairly apply to the County Courts, in which the rights of those who had been wronged were enforced; and yet those tribunals had criginally been made self-supportim' when an amount of fees waslevied in them which could hardly be justified. Those fees were divided under two heads-first, a fund for providing court houses, and next, one out of which all other expenses were defrayed. The amount levied in 1854 under the latter category was 230,0001.; and under the former between 40,000.l and 50,0001.; making an aggregate raised in fees of about 278,0001. Of this, the salaries for the judges, at 1,2001., took 72,0001. The Government, therefore, now proposed to pay the salaries of the judges, and to proNide court-houses from the consolidated fund, and to levy in fees only about one-half of the 278,0001. now so raised. Thatwas, perhaps, the main object of the bill; but, being flnancial, it could not be effected under their lordships' authority. It would, however, be submitted to the other House with the sanction of the Government. At present, the County Court judges were paid salaries of not less than 1,2001. nor more than 1,50VI, at the discretion of the Treasury. This was a most objectionable mode of remuneration, and one that would not be tolerated for an mstant in regard to thejudges of the higher courts. (Hear, hear.) In se'ecting the judges who should receive the extra 300l. (the source for paving which was the surplus arising from fees) the Treasury proceeded upon the best statistical data it could obtain, and decided with as much impartiality as possible to award the legal increase to 20 out of the whole number, IS of whom were paid 3001. additional, and the other two 1501. Those whose salaries remained at 1,2001. were-not unnaturally perhaps-dissatisfied with this arrangement, and many applications were made to the Government to induce it to fix them all at 1,5001. Considering, however, the able men who were anxious to procure these appointments at the 1,2001. scale, he (the Lord Chancellor) did not feel warranted in recommending an indiscriminate rate of 1,5001. for all County Court judges, and, therefore, his bill only secured the salaries as they now exLsted, of course without depriving those who had already received the additional allowance of their right to have it continued. Such was the best decision on this point at which, after viewing it in all its bearings, he could arrive. He had only to say, Eosionerari aninam,n scam;" audit would now rest with Parliament to pronounce its own judgment on the matter. (Hear, hear.) The commissioners recommended a variety of smaller changes of detail relating to the position of the deputies and clerks of the judges. The question of the precise amount of costs which a suitor should be entitled to recover had engaged the attention of the commissioners, but, as views somewhat different from those which they had adopted had been earnestly advocated n some of the petitions presented to Parliament, it would be premature to pronounce a definite opinion on the point. The only pledge he could give was that the subject should receive his careful consideration. (Htear.) Mrz. Pitt Taylor, an eminent County Court judge, who dissented in some particulars from the other commissioners, had recommended that, whereas the County Courts had at present exclusive jurisdiction in actions for debt under 201. and in those for -wrong under 51, their urisdiction should for the fuiture be equal in both cases. Tihe reasoning by which Mr. Taylor had supported this view appeared so coAgent that he (the Lord Chancellor) had embodies the recommendation in the bill. It was for their lordships, however, to decide whether it should be retained or expunged. In conclusion, he moved that the bill be now read a second time, on the understandingthat it should be committedproforiid on Thursday, and resumed after the holydays. Lord CAMPBELL, while cheerfully admitting that the bill had much merit, expressed his regret that the Lord Chancellor should not have adhered more closely to the recommendations of the commissioners-able and zealous men, who had applied themselves most sedulously to the task of improving the County Court system. The noble and learned lord preferred to commit himself to the gmudance of 1r. Pitt Taylor, a gentleman whom he (Lord Campbell) had the privilege to call his friend, and for whose talents he had the highest respect, but of whom he must also observe that in many of his views and opinions he was by no means prepared to concur. Mr. Taylor seemed ambitious to make himself a second chief justice of England. Even though he should succeed in that object, he (Lord Campbell) would not entertain for him a diminished regard, for his abilities would adorn any position however eminent, and qualify him for any task however arduous. But it would be unreasonable to suppose that similar praise could with propriety be awarded to his 50 colleagues. They were, no doubt, in the main, zealous and efficient magistrates, and they discharged their duties in an ex:emplarymanner, but it might beaquestioned whether it would be desirabile to intrust them with the decision of all manner of cases, however dissimilar and coniplicated. The County Courts were excellent tribunals, and must now be regarded as permanent institutions of the country, but they had been founded for the express purpose of determininm smnall cases which did not require the same amount of sIll1 and learning that wvas demanded in the superior courts at Westminster-liall. The vast majority of the County Court judges -were satisfied with their present powers, but 3Mr. Taylor would revolutionize the whole system and give them an unlimited jurisdiction. The bill of his noble and learned friend proposed to depart entirely from the recommendation of the comrissioners, and to place the management of this matter in the hands of his (Lord Campbell's) friend, Mr. Pitt Taylor. The provision, tat if a person bringing an action for malicious prosecution, libel, assault, &c., in one of_the superior courts did iot recover 201. deamages he should have-noW -cos-ts, would effectually shut the doors of Westminster-hall against suitors who wished to resort to it for the vindication of their characters. On all these grounds he would ask his noble and learned friend on the woolsack to reconsider this measure, but he should not oppose its going through committee pro formss. Lord BROUGHAM assured his noble and learned friend (Lord Canipbell) that there was not the slightest reason for him to regard that gentleman as a rival for what used to be called -the cushion" in the Court of Queen's Bench. Bis noble and learned friend (Lord Campbell) had made a slight mistake in saying that all the commissioners were on one side and Air. Pitt laylor on the other. Thefact was, that the numbers were usually four to three. The onlyg uestion raised by the present bill was the extension of the lurisdiction of County Courts in actions of tort, from those which were brought for the recovery of damages under 51., as it now stood, to all which were brought for damages under 50W., as was now the case in regard to actions in debt. One matter which he (Lord Brougham) would suggest to his noble and learned friend on the woolsack was, that he should alter the optional clause of his bill. As that clause at present stood, it empowered the judges of County Courts to try actionz of any sort, and to any amount, provided the parties to hsuit had previously consented in writing to their trial. The alteration which he (Lord Brough~am) sugested was that this written consent should be done awywth, and that the plaintiff in any action should ha allowed to bring it in the County Court, power being reserved to the defendant, if he pleased, and if the d3am.ages claimed exceeded the amount prescribed by the act, to stop the progress of the suit. Withregard to the question of salaries, he did not think 1,600t. a-year was too much for persons in the position of County Court judges. Lord ST. LEONARD'S entirely approved the policy of throwing the payment of the County Court judges en the I public purse. He cuite agreed with the noble and learned lord on the wooLsaci that it would be impossible to lower those salaries which had been fixed at the higher rate, at least during the lives of those who at resent enjoyed them, but, considering the nature of the duties to be performed, and that these salaries were paid out of the taxes of the country, 1,2001. was quite sufficient. The bill was then read a second time. JOINT-STOCK COMPANIES WINDING-UP ACTS AMENDMIENT BIIL. Lord BROUGH-M in moving the second reading of this bill, explained that its object was to remedy a manifest defect in the Winding-up Acts, and to prevent compromises being made except under the operation of this act. The bill was read a second time. CHANCERY REFORM. Lord ST. LEONARD'S, in putting a question to the noble and learned lord on the woolsack as to his intention to introduce any measure this session founded on the last zeport of the Chancery Commnission, said he would take the opportunity of saying a few words on a question of fact which had lately been raised as to whose was the credit of having franmed the two bills, Passed in 1852, for the the abolition of the Masters' offices, and the amendment of the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery. Every one knew that those bills were passed in the time of the Government of his noble friend near him (Lord Derby), but doubts had been raised whether they had not been framed in the time of Lord John Russell's Government. In the speech from the Throne at the commencement of the session of 1852. it was stated that bills had been preparedby the Government for the reform of the Court of Chancery, founded on the report of the commissioners. On the 3d of February notice was given inthe other house that, on the 16th of that month, the Solicitor-General would ask leave to introduce a bill respecting the Court of Chancery, but, in answer to a question put two days afterwards, it was stated that no bill had been f-amed, the Lord Chancellor not having had time to consider the report. Very shortly after, the Lord Chancellor Truro,lin reply to some observations in their lordships' house, said that he had heard with considerable surprise of the notice given in the other house of the introduction of a bill for the reform of the Court of Chancery for the 16th inst. ;Ifor he thought such a bill, founded on the report of the commissioners, would have required a great amount of thought and arrangenment to make It available for any purpose, and he did not see how a well considered measure could be prepared before the 16th inst. In answer to a question put in their lordships' house two days subsequently it was stated that the Lord Chancellor had not had time to consider the report, and the next day Lord Truro said that be had given to the subject the utmost time he could spare from his other avocations, but could not pretend to say that he had made up his mnind on every part. The Lord Chancellor expressed doubts whether certain parts of the report should be carried out as desired by the commissioner-, and that the notice had been given in the other house under some misapprehension, not by the Solicitor-General, but by Lord J. Russell, adding that there was no possibility of a bill being in such a state of preparation as to insure its introduction by the time stated. On the same day in the House of Commons the Solicitor-GeneralsaidthatthebiM wasnotin a state to justify any reasonable expectation of his being able to introduce it on the day named, but that there should be no delay. On the 12th of February Lord Truro said that he had not anticipated the recommendation of the commissioners for the annihilation of the office of the Masters in Chancery, and when a vacancy occurred he had contemplated filling it up; and he added, that he could give no decisive opimon as to the abolition of the Masters in Chancery one way or another. On another occasion Lord Truro pointd out the difficulties in the way of the abolition of the offlce, and said that, having considered that part of the report, ho knew of no pplan by which the object of the commissioners could be carried out with advantage to the public. He (l:ord St. Loonard's) regretted that he was not present on a recent occasion when so much praise-in which he should have willingly concurred-was bestowved on Lord Truro;* but it was only just to say that that noble and learned lord never during his life claimed for himself the merit of having prepared the bills which had been referred to. He (Lord St. Leonard's) had stated to their lordshipo that when he came into office he did not find the least trace of a bil; but that a sketch had been given him by a draughtaman, who had been consulted, of what had been proposed with respect to the first bill forthe abolition of the Masters'-office; and he observed that he differed fundamentaly from the propositions in that sketch - for the plan was to make the persons who were to succeed the Masters to be abolished Masters again in fact. They were to be called " assistants to the judges," and to go back to the Masters'offices. He wholly objected to that, and thought that they should remain in their proper sphere as clerks, though of a high condition, hut at they slsould not be elevated to a ition, which would make them believe they were again A= rs He did notmean to doubt the good intentions of Lord J. Russel's Administration; but the work remained to be performed, and it was done under the Government of his noble friend (Lord Derby). The bills then underwent great labour and deliberation, and when they went to the House of Commons, so little did Lord J. Russell and the present Attorney-General think that the bills were the biUs of their Administration, that, withoat the least ceremony, they charged himl with having mutilated and entirely spoiled the plan of the commissioners. That was said because they had not taken the trouble to read the bils, which were found tocarryoutfairlyandhonestly, not servilely,;the general views of the commissioners, with such additions and alterations which, he might be permitted to say, his great experience enabled him to make. They were passed, and had been found to work admirably, and to whom the merit belonged he thought there had been no doubt. In their lordships' house the question being discumsed, the noble and learned lord on the woolsack said, after having been communicated with by him, that he thought that there must be some misunderstanding as to what occurred in another pace, for the statement carried with it its own refutation. He then thought there was an end of the controversy; but when on a previous evening the merits of Lord Truro were alluded to the noble and learned lord on the woolsack said he thought sufficient merit had not been given to Lord Truro in his lifetime for having prepared these biUs in question. When he read the report he took it for granted it was some mistake, and the noble and learned lord, on having it pointed out to him, said he believed he musthave made the statement, but that he would take care to put the matter right ; and when he (Lord St. ILeonard's) returned to his duties in that house the noble and learned lord did put it right. Since that time the controversy had, however, again been raised in a letter signed IA FriendofLordTruro,"and although he did not wish to take any credit to which he was not entitled, he thought it right to call their lordships' attention to the plain facts of the case, in order that this question might once for all be set at rest. The noble lord concluded by asking the question of which he had given notice, observing, with regard to the last report of the Chancery commission, that he hoped his noble and learned friend would not introduce any measure founded upon it without the deepest consideration. The LORD CHANCELLOR said, the Third Report of the Chancery Commissioners contained various recommendations, many of which could be carried into effect v-ithout legislation,andhe hadgiven directions forthe framing of orders by which some of them would be carried into effect. He felt some difficulty about that part of the report which related to the giving of damages and which could not be carried out without legislation; but he thought it was very desirable that any court in which a suit was instituted should have power completely to dispose of it. He had directed a measure to be framed upon that subject, but he could give no opinion upon it until he saw what it was like. With regard to the other question alluded to by his noble and learned friend, he was sorry that anything he had said had given rise to discussion, but still his statement was very nearly the truth. He had said that Lord Truro never had entire justice done him in this matter, and there was no doubt that Lord Truro did issue a commission, and that his Solicitor-General did prepare a biU. His error was in making the further statement, that Lord Truro gave directions for the preparation of the bills which were afterwards introduced. Lord BROUGHAM said, it was impossible to exaggerate the merits of his noble and learned friend (Lord St. Leo. dard's) in introducing the bills which abolished the Masters' offices and effected the greatest improvements which had ever been effected in the Court of Chancery; and it was no doubt true that Lord Truro admitted that he did not at one time approve the fundamental principle of those measures. A relative of his, a Master in Chancery, suggested the alterations lately effected to Lord Lyndhurst, and the then laster of the Rolls, when Lord Lyndhurst was Vice-Chancellor, but those suggestions, altliough made 10 years ago, had only just been acted upon. Lord St. LEONARD'S said, not a single line of any of the clauses of any of the acts was drawn up when Lord Truro was in office. Lord Truro honestly said that he had not made up his mind on the subject, and so little did he think the Xasters' offices were to be abolished that he actually, a short time before their abolition, nominated a gentleman to the office of MAlaster. A sketch of a bill certainly did exist, but he (Lord St. Leonard's) made no use of it in drawing up his measure. Their lordsoips adjoned, soon after 7 o'clock.
HOUSE OF CO}MONS, TUESDAY, MAY G. The Coventry (City) Gas Bill, the Edinburgh Water Bill, the Grvesend Improvement Bill, and the Leicester and Welford ioad Bill were severally read a third time and passed. Petitions against the grant to Maynooth were presented by Mr. C. FOBSTEB, from the minister and other inhabitants of St. Peter's district, Walsall; by Mr. H. G. LAxGTON, from the minister, churchwardens, and inhabitants of St. Paul's, Bristol; by Lieutenant-Colonel BUcK, from the parish of Ashford, in the county of Devon; byBord HoT¶A.r, from certain inhabitants of Beverley; by Ir. STURT, from Dorchester and its vicinity; by Lord E. BRUCE, from Marlborough; by Sir H. MIPux, from Royston; by }r. GcEARvES, from Warwick; by Mr. FULLER, from Lewes, and from Providence Chapel, Brighton; and by Mr. ROBERT P,umER, from Newbury and its vicinity. Petitions against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill were presenited by Mr. BLAC1BUR, from the iKirk Session of Dnbarton, Presbytery of Linlithgow; and by- Mr. hiACElK, from the Commissioners of Supply of the atewartry of Kirkcudbright, and from the Krk Session of Girthon. A petition in favoulr of the bill was p resenlted Sir J. ANDERsoN, signed by 25 ministers of the Uniited Presbyterian church in Glasgow. Numerous petitions against the Church-rate Abolitio~n Bill were presented by lilr. SrOONER, from places in Vfarwickshire, Eertfordshire, Kent, and WYestmorelsnd; by ,Mr. BRAM3STON, from Stanford-le-Hope, Margaretting, and from North Weald; by Srr H. STEACEY, from the inbabitants of Woodbai¢tick; county oE Norfolk; and by 3fr, G. l&NGTOX, from Bucldind St. Mary and Sampford, Amrudel, in the county of Somerset. Petitions were preuented by Lord GODERICu, .from the Huddersfield board of Guardians; and by Mr. TOLLrEaACHE, from the guardians of the Wirral Union, Cheshire, against the Scotch and Irish Paupers :Removal Bill. Petitions were also presented for closing publichouses on Sunday by 3Lr. CORRY, from the Presbyterian congregation of Brigh, in tho county of Tyrone; and by MIr. CROSsTEY, from the inhabitants of Dartford, Kent; also, from the London Temperance League; by 31r. M'CAiN, from the Mayor, Oldermen, and burgesses of Drogheda, and from the Poor Law guardians of the Drogheda Union, for the total abolition of ministers' money; by Mr. MEAGIEP, from the town council, board of guardians, Protestant inhabitants, and owners and occupiers of property in Waterford, to the same effect; by Mfr. HLD- iELD, from the members of the Baptist chapels at CGllingworth, Skipton, and Cowling-hill, Craven, Yorkshire, against the amendments to the Church-rate Abolition Bill; by Mr. M'Manoy, from the ishes of Bree, Rathangan, and Ferns, in the county of Weaford, in favour of the Tenant Right Bill introduced by the hon. member for Ma ; by Sfr BBAYSToN, from the clergy of the deanery of DenRie, and the clergy of the deanery of Chelmsford, against the present mode of rating tithes and rent-charges; from the rector and parishioners of Loughton, against the Abjuration Oath Bill; and from the guardians of Rochford Union, against the employment of the officers of the nnion in the collection of statistics; by Lord HoTiLAm, from the guardians of Howden Union, for an alteration of the Vaccination Bill; and from the occupiers of 62,000 acres of land in the neighbourhood of Bridlington, against the Agricultural Statistics Bill; by Mr. ALCOCK, from the dealers and consumersof hayand straw in the metropolis, for an investigation into the gross frauds in the hay and straw trade; byhir. GRNFEL}, fromthe members of the committee of manasement of the WindsorandEton Literary,Scientific, and Mechanics' Institution, in favour of the decimal system of coinage; by Mfr. M. GIBSONW, from the guardians of the poor of the township of Mfanchester, againt the Bill to Amend the Laws for the Removal of the Poor; by Mr. GRnLivBS, from the inhabitants of Warwick, agains the Oath of Abjuration Bill; by Mr. GASEELL, from a congregation of Protestant Dissenters at Wakefield, for an address to the Crown in favour of a revision of the authorized version of the Scriptures; by Mr. PELT-iTT, from Thomas Wilton, Bermondsey, praving the House in future, when soldiers are sent abroad, to give accommodation to a greater number of married women, and that married soldiers have increased pa by Sir S. BrGNOu, from the Ron. and Rev. Edward S;. eppel, rural dean and 18 beneficed clergymen of the deanery of Rocland, NorfoD;, calling the attention of the House to the mequaty and injustice of the present mode of assessing rent-charge to the several purposes of poor-rate, highway, police, and other parochial and county rates; from the dev. Mr. Evans, incumbent, and 28 inhabitants of Costessey, in Norfolk; and one, numerously signed, from the inhabitants of 'Drayton, Norfola-both against the grant to seynoot. i and by Mr. STInnaG, from the Ktirk Session of Aherdour and Forglen, against the Lord-Advocate^'s Schools Bill. REPRETSSOUNT OF DRUNKElTNESS. Mr. H. BERKELEY gave notice that, on the 3d of June, he would ask leaveto brigina bitl to reeal de act of the 1st James , entitled "an Act for the-Better Repressing Drunkenness," now become inoperative and obsolete; and, n its place, to substitute a measUnre better calculated to effect that purpose. 1FEES TO COUJNTY OFFICERS IN IRE:LAND. In reply to Captain ABC IIDA,, Mr. FITZGhRriia, stated that the subject of the fees paid to county officers in Ireland had been under the consideration of the law officers of the Crown. Some of those fees were, he believed, illegal, hut no iinal decision had as yet been come to by the Government. DISEMIBODIMENT OF THXE IRISH MILlITIA Mir. DVISON rose to ask the Under-Secretary for War whether the Government would be disposed to reconsider their decision with respect to an immediate disembodimnent of the Irish militia, with the viewi of postponing such disembodiment until the approaching harvest, in order that the soldiers might thereby car a temporary subsistence and be induced to return to their ordinary avocations. Air. PEEL said, that the Irish militia would he dealt wiath in the same way as the Scotch and English militia. Those regiments in billet would be disembodied iirst, and then the remaining regiments, b ut by the tm that the, men reached their homes he tougtht that they would find as abundant opportunity for employment as nt any other period of the year. In reply to Colonel FBE2xCs,- Mr. PEELj was understood to say that the balance of the 61. bounty due to the men would be paid to them when they received the balance. of pay due to them. EDUCATION (IRELAND). In reply to Mr. DEAsY, Mr. WALPOLE said, that he had not been able to fix a day for moving the address of which he had given notice on the subject of educationin reland, but he would not bring on that motion without full notice being given. DULWICH COLLEGE. Mr. PELLATT wished to ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department, when the bi?l for-the reformation of Dulwich College, founded upon the report of the Charity Commissioners, would be laid before the House ? Sir G. GREY said, that a reason founded upon one of the schemes of those commissioners wonld shortly be laid before the other House of Parliament. As regarded Dalwich College he could not say when a measure vith regard to that subject would be laid befdre the 6Houae. MAIES IN IRELAND. Mr. L. MONTGOMERY rose to ask the Secretary to the Treasury, if any steps had been taken to forward the night mail from aIullingar to Longford by rail, instead of by coach, as at p resent c,arried; also, whlether he would lay upon the table of the house any correspondence that might have passed on the subject betwreen the Post-office authorities and the MiSdland Great Western Railwfay Company ? Mr. WILSON stated that the objection to making use of the services of the railwray was the Large sum which the railway company demanded. There was no objection to laying the correspondence upon the table. TREATY OF PEAC. ADJOURN]9ED DEBATE. The adjourned debate was resumed by Mr. LINDSA^Y, who said that it w.as not his intention to touch upon the subject of oppressed nationalities, which formed, he conceived, no part of the subject for consideration, nor should he refer to the political part of the question, but would view it entirely in a commercial point of viewv. He differed from lion, gentlemen opposite in their estimate of the treaty, and w as bound to say that that treaty afforded him both "joy and satisfaction," because he felt that it had fully accomplished the great objects for w;hich England had gone to war. (Hfear, hear.) The 7th article con tained an engagemenit on the part of the contracting Powver; "to respect the independence and territorial integrity of the Ottoman empire, guarantee in common the strict observance of that engagement, and in consequence to consider any act tendiag to its violation as a question of general interest." Great doubts were e.xpressed last evening as to whether the independence and integrity of Turkey vwould be maintained, but such an article, in his opinion, completely <ecured thait object. Taking the treaty altogether, it contained more than he for one had expected. Somehow, there had existed throughout the country a mysterious feeling that we should not get a peace which would be honourable to E3ngland. This feeling w as increased by the secresy maintained .until the completion of the ratifications, and he was therefore agreeably surprised when he read these conditions. Although he had had occasion to differ from right hion, gentlemen on the Mlinisterial benches with regard to the administrative management of the w.ar, be thought it was his duty to express his belief that all for which they went to war had been accomplished. Besides securing the freedom of the Danube, the ports in the Black Sea were throw,n entirely open to commerce, which Iwas a matter of great, importance to us as a commercial nation, and would tend much to preserve that peace which had now happily been ratified. Besides this, they had a most satisfactory decLaration on maritime law. The tendency of war wvas, it was grenerally beliei.ed, to barbarize, hut on looking to this declaration signed by the seven Powers he found that it also sometimes tended to civilize. It had been said that the abo]ition of privateering would be a great loss to us as a maritime nation~; but he behieved therevwas no shipowtner in this country, who desired to bear a respectable name among his fellow s, who, in the event of war with other countries, w ould allowlv iss ships to be fitted out for this revolting trade. He was glad, therefore, that the treaty had abolished what might be regarded as no less than legalized piracy. (Hear, hear.) Following this was the declaration, that " the neutral flag covers enemy's goodswith theexceptionof contraband of war." Everyone knew that this right of seizing an enemy's goods under neutral flags was, and might be, easily evaded; Ame- rica, too, had protested against it; and he was glad, then, to find that it wvas now to be abolished. Again, it was provided that "blockades, in order to be binding, must be effective; that is to say, maintained by a force sufficient really to prevent access to the coast of the enemy." It was of great inportance clearly to define what was meant by a blockade; that it was te be a strict blockade, and not such a one that while one shii could not get out another couldAll these were points of great interest, and he readily concurred with the plenipotentiaries when they said they were " convinced that the maxims which they now proclaim cannot but be received with gratitude by the whole world ;" and he lhoped, with them, that " the efforts of their Governments to obtain the general adoption thereof will be crowned with full success." Before sittinga down he must be allowed to say a few words upon the distinguished part which the noble lord at theliead of the Government had taken throughout this war. He could not forget the state of things 12 nonths ago, when the noble lora stood almost alone, receiving from the Crimea desponding accounts of the sufferings brought about by an administrative system which must sooner or later be reformed, and deserted by the right hon. gentlemen behind him. The noble lord had fully carried out all his promises; he had brought the country triumphantly through all difficulties and periLs to an liononrable peace- and to the noble lord, therefore, he would render his humble but honest thanks. Speadng as lie did, it mtight be supposed that lie had some personal object, but he ask-edfor nothing. (Laughter.) But he had a duty to perform, and he considered it right to render praise where praise was due. "Tr. R. PHILLI3IORE said that the hon. gentleman who had just sat down informed the House that he had a duty to perform. He wished the hon. gentleman had evinced more charity, and had remeinbered that others also had a duty to perform, The lion. gentlesan had ascribed to him (Mr. town bekifged on lard, and asked what would be thought of the policy of those who, besieging a town, permitted persons in the country ound to carry munitions of- war and food for the relief of-the garrison? The hon. gentleDman musterrbneously have iagined that the sa ulation3 in the declaration of the Uliesprotected contrband of war and abolish,sI blockades; If aport should be blockaded, there would still- exist- the same-law to enforce tho ;blocakade as before, and if any attempt should be made to carr, contraband of wAr. to an: enemy, whether witbin or without the- linaita of the blockadei the same rights anld powers of intetnational law might be exercised as were exercised previous to the signature of thisi deI aratiom (Heer, hear. Then the hon. gentlmua1 -tola the House to look at the filnacial bearing"s' of the question, and asked, whvether the history of warid not showthat if -was not so much martial sucoess as inancial exhaution thal; forcedthe enemy to surrender-T the hon. gentleman-ought; to have bhrne in mind what was that one circumstance which oppr-.sed this country with , nancisi difhiclties towards the clse of the last great war. Ifthe hon.-gentleman lookvd to the historT of the year 1S12 he wou find that wIat caused the great distress in this country and sapped i-.s financi21 resourees at that time - w.as not seF 'much the great strength of Napoleon as the indignation and hostility of the United States of Anerica, rousedby the excessive exercise oF our unAritimepower. He (Mr.C&rdweUl would not trouble thehouse withextractsfrontmhistories, but he renetmlbered a passage in Aison's work to the eff4ct that it was the ordes in Council that caused thea Ithen finaincial difficulty. If this country went. 'to war, carrying out the principle of not permittina a neutral fl-g to cover -enemy's goods, it would have sympathizing against it, and not lwith it, all the neutral Piwvers in the world, and he wanted to know for howv many years England could carry on war with a European l'owver if it insisted on searching American vessels,for in-tance, for enenmys goods, and confiscating them when fomud there? (Hear, hrar.) He believed that awar could not be carried on upon that principle for 12 month-, before this country would be mvolved in misunderstandings and hostilities with mrany of the great neutral Powers. (Hear, hear.) It was perfectly true that by all jurists, and, nuot the least, by American jurists, the lawIJad been laid down as the hon. and learned gentleman had laidc it down; buit it was equally true that it was by all argued ago:ainst and condemned. This, however, was acknowledged. -that by the great authority of England as a powerfal maritime Power, and by the practice in conforniity therewith, the acknowledged principle of lawrwas such as had been stated by his hon. and learned friend.. The reason for the abandonment of the doctrine that the right of search ought not to be enforced was given bv the American text writers. The law founded npon it, ia order to be effective, must be universal and could not bemaintained when it was called into operation against thosevho acknowledged it, but was not adopted when they claimed it in tieir favour. This arrangement, however, vwhich gave to it the concurrence of Europe -would, he anticipated, insure its universal acknowledgment and recogmnition as the maritime law of the world. Another valuablearticle was that w.hich abolished privateering. (Hear, hear.} Even if this country had made some concession in abandon. ing the rigt to search neutral vessels for enemies' goods. and to seize enemies' goods in such vessels, there could le no doubt as to the great advantage which would be conferred on this country by the abolition of privateering. What was privateering? It was an attempt by a Poswer weak at sMato make up for its inferiority by carrying on a war wish private vessels instead of vessels belonging to the State,. (Hear, hear.) His hon. and learned friend found fault -vili these provisions because they struck at the root of the greatprinciple of internationdl law-vhich distinguished maritimefrom land warfare. No doubt they did. The abolition of paper blockades, the admission of the principle that freeships made free goods, and the abolition of privateering were three great inroads upon that law whicb sauctioned thecapture of private property at sem All the jarists who had written on international lawf had laid down that there was a- wide distinction between land warfare and maritime vwarfare. The law and practice of modern times with regard to warfare by land greatly limited the principle of interference with privateproperty;buttheprincipleofthecaptnre, of private property at sea rested on a different foundation, because the ol.ject of maTitime warfare -was to hamaper the commerce of the enemy. He rejoiced atthe blow which had now been struck at that principle of international law. (Hear, hear.) He did not know why that great jurist Grotius should be honoured for the establishmenit of the principle of mitigated warfare by land, while they wvere notalloweed to advocate the application of a similar principle towarfarebysea. (Hear.) OhancellorKent wentbacktothe earliestperiodfor an example upon this question, and referred to Xenophon, a warrior as well as a philosopher, who, in his - Cyro.pa die, represented Cyrusas directmaghis soldiers,when traversing an enelny's country, to spare the cultivators ofr the soil. (Hear, hear.) Herejoiced that by this arrangemen, a considera)le advance had been made in mitigation of the severities of 'warfare by sea. It had been urged thatthe dhninition of the pressure of war upon an enemy only tended to pr omrote the continuance of war. Elit that argument, if it were good for anythiing, would apply equally to, every mitigation in warfare which the wisdom of modern. times and the influence of Christianity had produced. (Hear, hear. ) He believed that this cocmntry wvould gain farmore by atvoiding those wars into which a rigid prosecultionof her rights would force her than she would lose by any of the mlitigations to which she had assented. If,. in 17SQ, she had nut had to contend against the hostility of the KTortlieraPowers-if at the close of the French war lehad not had to contend against the hostility of A merica, she would have been inainuch better poaitiou. An hon. gentleman had referred tothe injury inflicted upon the country in the late wvar by the relaxations introduced in 1854, and had even said that if it had not bean for those relaxations, the Emrperor of Russia would not have gone to war at all;but, considering that they were nut introduced until after war had been declared, the hon. gentleinasXs inferenceTwas hardly just. Could any one believe that in 1854, vhen thev w ere going to war in ..lliance with a- I'ower whEich recognized doctrines different fronm their own-wshen the neutral Powers wvere also oppo5ed to tho'rdoctrines-it wvould have been politic to in sist on their strict rights9 He rejoiced that by these temiperaryunrifgations at the beginsons of the war, and by the permoanent abandonmnent of their moat indisputable, but most inexcpedient and most unjust, rights at its conclusion, they had made wvar no longer a mere question of' humbling another Pow.er, and had left behind them a record of the liberal, juLst, and exated principless by which the councils of Great Britain were guided. (Hear, hear.) Nr. S. FITZGEPrALD said, the incidental discussion which had just taken place, and wheich had been commenced;' by the hon. and learned member for Tavistock in a most. temperate and able speech, reierred to a subject certainlyoI gre at importance, hut le inust reminund the Houcethat they vdere wanderinh g from the question before them, which was whether they could conscientiously agree to ther term of the address proposed by athe Government ? The hon. member for gylesbury (ir. Layard)c bad said that this was a far better treaty than they had a right to expect. He could not undertake to say what was the hon. member's estimate of the energy Of thc Government, but, looking at the antecedents of the noble lord at the head of the Government, he certeanly should cot hare. expected that the noble lord would have sanctioned such a. peace as had now been concluded, or would have called uponthe House to welcome it w.ith joy and satisfaction. (H4ear) No doubt many circumstances connectedlwithoit could not be considered without feelings of satisfaction; considerable concessions had been 3nade by Ruessiao and this wvas the first war from which she had re-- tired not acquiring but ceding territory. (HIear, hear., In considering the question whether the peace wouldfullyacconplsht.e objects of the war, hethoughithatitwas obviousn even fron the speeches of plon members opposite, that thec arguments of the noble lord the member for Coichestcr, as to the importance of the forts on the Circassian coast, and with respect to leavini the territory attached to those fortsin the hands of Eussia, were entitled to qreat wneight. I his (r. pFitzgerald's) opinion the treaty did not re^lize the objects of the w^ ar in twro important particulars The riht hon. member for Carlisle in his speech upon the motlon with regard to iars passed a most grave censure upon the Government, and, having reasoned in favour of one side of the question, voted for the other. The right hon. baronet said- "nI admit that the Government are greatly to blame in their conduct rwith reference to Ears-they might hav e sentmoney, they might haveaent artillery, they might have sent cavalry, they might have relieved the beleaguered fortiress by sending thither the army of Omar Pasha; but they did none of these things; at the samehtim I feel that it woula be ngenerous and unfair of me to visit them woith censure now when they have just concluded a successful and satisnfactory peace." The right lion. baronet added that it was not theless satisfactory beceuse in two important points it bad achieved great reseults-that was io say, hecad.s it had secured to the Christian Poweers the paht of inter-- ference on behalf of the Christian subjeCts of h m b Pooite, and because it had provided for the mineendence of the eastera coast of the Btol Sea. So far fromy concurring in thst vies, he (Mr. Fitzgerald) wpished to point out to the Houe-e that one of these subiects was not mentioned in the treaty of peace at all, and that the other was absolutely contradicted and prohibited. gHear, hear.) It appeared to hien thbat che Clhri tian subjects were in a worsey ositioa now mannecor tey -war,t baecause atiheny there wascight oaesn t.u art of some of the Christ-an Powers to interfere on their Chbalf ; but that riglht no longer existed, for it -was stipulated in the treaty that no Christian Power should iierfere undler any circumistances. If he were told that. theo firman of the Sultan mnust be set against that, he would refer to the right hon. member for Wiltshire, who himself admitted that the firman was a revocable instrwuaent, and that its value was not to be put for a moment in the balance against that, renunciation of interference which was contained in the treaty of peace. (Hear, hear.) Another object for which we had gone to w%ar was tho destruction of the preponderance of Russia in tlhe Black Sea. How did wve stand wirh regard to that? Obviouislyinra worse position than before the war broke out. Russia had now-anght to Te-erecttheforts ontheCircassiancoast; shehad also established a ciaim to that territory, which we had always most scrupulously refrained from recognizing before; and the boundary between Russia and Turkey was to be settled, not, as heretofore, by special agreement between Russia and! Turkey, but by commissioners, one of whom was to be an Englishman and the! other a Frenchman. Moreover, he believed that Russia might possess an tunlimited nuimber of armed transports and gunboats, which wvould be able in a fevw days to carry a larg force either from the Sea of Azoff' or,fromn Sebastopol to gnstantinople. 'Withi respect, therefore, to puttin' an end to the -preponderance of Russia in the --Black- §ea, he contended tethat that object h 2ad not been satisfactorily accomplished. (Hear, hbear.) He should be glad if 'some mnember of the Goireninent would infounm the House -whether, u-nder the treaty, we should be allowed to have a consul at 2\icbolaikeff because be 'very mnuch doubted-whether we shouldd. Upon the whole, 'he couldI not entirely concur in the justice of the terms in whic'h the address was couched. It appeared to him as if t'he Governm ent, calculatinjg apon t'he feeling which theyr 1new to bee general, that an aucLess to Her Majesty upon so important an occasion should pas without a division, had taken advantage of that feeindg to insert in-the address of its own, and that has the power of controlling that pres if it sho?ild prove offensive to any foreign Government. Por the Government of this country so to interfere is to do tliht vhich I am sure 99 out of every 100 of the English people will disapprove. That is a policy which we shaU claim the right to examine, consider, and inquire into, ancd if necessary. call upon the House to decLare its opinion upon. When Sardinia complained of the prerence of the Austrian army inItaly it was asked, "What do you say to the French army being in Eome 2" Were all to be called away? No' these armies are to remain, without prejudice, till the Iran. quillity of the country and the consolidation; of the authority of the H[oly See are effected. As soon as a great and enlightened systeul ojgos-.'ent is thoroug?hly consolidated, then, and not till theu, does the Con v6nmo;,t bind itself that tho armies of France and Austria shiall quit the conntrv. Into all these questions it will be z-U6 duty of the House fully to inquire. (Hear, hear.) Mr. GLADSTONE.-The immediate question before ths House does not appear to be a very broad one. My hon. friend who moved the address proposes that the House should express its joy and satisfaction on the occasion of the peace. My noble friend the member for Tyrone has moved an amendment-but for which he has not shown much paternal regard, for he has not appeared in the house this night (hear, hear)-in which he objects to the expression of our "joy" and proposes that we should express only our "satisfaction" at the peace. (" Hear, hear," and laughter.) We are told that there is to be no division on the subject. That is consolatory. But even if a division did take placo it would not be a great public misfortune, because, although no doubt an overwhelming majority would express its joy at the conclusion of a treaty of peace, still the minority, if they did not express their joy, would, notwithstanding, express their satisfaction at that event. (Cheers and laughter.) My right hon. friend the member for Manchester has given us his reasons for preferring his expression of "joy." I concur with his conclusion, but I do not agree with the reasons which he has given. Nevertheless, I feel that there is an cccasion of joy and an occasion of thankfulness. Every one knows and feels that, in the first place, we owe that thankfulness to Almighty God; but it must not be forgotten that to those who have been the human instraments of His will in bring. ing about that great boon to mankind a great debt of gratitude is due. I think we owe our deepest thanks to the Emperor of the French and to his Government; and, next to them, I likewise wish to offer the tribute of my thanks to Her Majesty's Government (hear, hear), who had undertaken to bring about this peace, and who have sacceeded, perhaps at some sacrifice of per. sonal and political, and, it may be, at the hazard of Ministerial popularity. (Hear, hear.) But, referring againto the speech of my right hon. friendthememberfor Man. chester, there was one observation he made in which I could not agree. He said he was willingto accept peace because it was peace, yet -he saw in the principle of the terms on which it has been concluded cause of dissatisfaction and apprehension. He said that, as he understood this peace, we have become bound, in common with the other Powers of Europe, not only for the maintenance of the independence and integrity of Turkey, considered as an empire, against any foreign aggression, and particularly against Russian aggression, but that we had become likewise bound to the maintenance of Turkey as a Mahomedan State andof the internal institutions of that country as a Ma. homedan country. All I can say is this, that I welcome this peace with joy, not merely becauso it is peace, but because it is an honourable peace-using that term, not as a mere idlo phrase and fornality, but because it indicates that the objects of the war have been obtained; but if I thought that this treaty of peace was an instrument which bound this country and our posterity, as well as our allies, to the maintenance of a set of institutions in Turkey which your are endeavouring to reform if you can, but-vith repect to which endeavour few can be sanguine, I should not be content to fall back on the amendment of my noble friend, expressing that I regarded the peace with satisfaction; but, on the contrary, I should look out for the most emphatic word in which to express my sense of condemnation of a peace which bound us to maintain the law and institutions of Turkey as a Mahomedan State. (Hear, hear.) But I apprehend that -with the internal institutions of Turkey we have no concern further than that it is our duty to countenance the improvement of them. At the same time, standing upon the firm ground of principle and precedent, we are bound to see that those who profess the same faith with ourselves are not trampledupon. Inow come to a second and most vital consideration, or rather misapprehension of the treaty by my right hon. friend. Hehasreferred to the 9th article, and he states that we thereby formally renounced all interference with the internal affairs of the Ottoman empire, or between the Sultan and his subjects;,and he naturally infers from that that we are leaving the Christians in a worso condition than we found them. I believe my right hon. friend has not read the article with the care which it requireg. As I read the article, it does not at all affect or interfere with our right or duty of interference. In an early despatch written by Lord John Russell, when Secretary for Foreign Affairs, he had occasion to refer tothe:exercise of the right of protection by Russia over the Christian population of Turkey, sanctioned by treaty and prescribed by usage. Sanctioned by treaty it is no longer. The treaty of Eainardji no longer exists; but that obligation of duty which rests on a much broader foundation exists in full force, and is in no sense narrowed by the present treaty. The present treaty recites the issuing by the Sultan of a firmau and ahatti-sheriffi by which the Sultan grants many privileges to his Chrisr tian subjects. No power is renounced, but when the treaty proceeds to speak of a collective or single interference on the part of the Christian Powers, all it says is, that no right of interference whether single or collective, shall grow out of the fact that the hatti-sheriff has beea communicated to the Powers; but it says not one word of the policy and practice which from time to time have been pursued, or anything in the way of prevent. ing us from performing that sacred duty even as we were in the habit of performing it long before this war commenced. With respect to the objects of the war, it appears t, me that my right hon. friend has quite misunderstood them in the construction which he gives to the terms ".independence and integrity of the Ottoman empire," and to the guarantee of that independence. I apprehend, what we sought to secure by the war was not the permanent settlement of an inferior State. Great Britain and France have not yet been able to afford a complete solution to the problem which has existed for 600 or 700 years. It was hardly a century and a-half ago when a Mahomedan empire carried pillage, carnage, and terror tbroughout Europe; and now, since it has ceased to be an object of fear, it has become the principal cause of anxiety and solicitude to Europe. The juxtaposition of a people professing the Mahomedan religion with a risig Christian population having adverse and conflicting influences presents dificulties which are not to be overcome by certain diplomatists at certain hours and in a certain place. It willbe the work and care of many generations to bring that state of things to a happy and prosperous conclusion. But there was another danger-the danger of the encroach. ment upon, and the absorption of, Turkey by Russia, which would bring upon Europe evils not less formidable than those which already existed. Such a danger to the peace, liberties, and privileges of all Europe we were called upon absolutely to resist by all the means in our rPwer. If it betrue that all the securities forTnrkey against oreign aggressionhave been obtained by thetreaty, then, looldng at, not the mere details, but to the general scope of facts, if I am asked -what have been the great benefits achieved by the war, I am bound to say I cannot pretend to find them in any single article, nor in the whole united terms of the present treaty. Many of them are most important, no doubt, but I apprehend the great benefit achieved for Europe is more extended than appears by the terms which have been put upon paper. I has been the moral demonstration on the part of Europe-the great ohysical as well as moral demonstration which may fairly be said to have been made by all Europe, and which has impressed upon the mind of Russia the great lesson that the opinion of Europe with respect to her tendencies to aggrandisement, whether they arose from policy, or a supposed necessity, they were such as to render it a duty upor. Europe to combine I all the Powers for the repression of those tendencies. (Hear, hear.) I must confess there are many circumstances which tend to enhance the joy and satisfaction I feel at the attainment of that object. It is almost the finrt time in thehistory of the world, certainly it is an occasion of very rareoccurrence, that wo have seen a warbegun and continued with such perfect purity of motives on the part of the. Powers principally concerned as ithat war just concluded. (Hear, hear.) Once or twice, indeed, unfortunately, it has been stated that a powerful motive with us for commencing the war was the security of our Indian empire, but Iam sure that I shall be borne out by this House in saying that that has not been the conviction which has prompted the efforts and sacrifices of England upon this ogcaslon. (Hear, hear.) Although imprudently and lightly such a sentiment has been uttered in this house, yet I rejoice to say it has never had the sanction of the highest autlsorities of this House. If the purity of the origin of the war has been remarkable, what is it to the rapidity with which it has been conducted? We may partlymeasure that by the expenditure. We have been able to expand our scale of military and naval operations by the modern appliances of science to as great an extent within 12 months after the declaration of war as would formerly havo been possible [in 10, 18, or 20 years. And although many benefits have been conferred by science upon manldnd of late years in the arts and pursuits of pence, yet I greatly doubt whether any of them have realized more substantial advantages than this applcation of modern science to purposes of warfare, which, by enabling us to develope all our resources with unexampled rapidity, has shortened its destructive ravages. As I have sad I do not look to any great advantage to be derived from the terms of the treaty I need not longer dwell upon them, but there are two questions upon which I should wish to say a few words. With regard to theprincipalities, I confess it would have been more agreeable to me had it been possible to have secured to them more of a substantive existence, and it is with satisfaction I find that it was not the fault of England or France that the proposal for the union of those principalities did not meet with a more decided sanction, but that it was defeated by the opposition oAu'tria iand of Tirkey. -Itin-y be1 said it is not -ira,bleto see in the principalities a r9petition of the state of things in Qreece, but my belief is that, although the sta of Greece may leave much to be desired, -yet that Greece has gained much by emancipation from the Mahomedan yoke. (Hear, hear.) She has received certain elements which go towards making a nation great. She has a free -press, a system of education and of religion which, compared with that of many countries of Europe, may be called excellent, and a judiciaiy which, I remember upon the occasion of a discussion in this house, was admitted, on all hands, to have been most perfectly independent. I should not have been sorry if, while securing to the Porte the great right it claims-the reolgar payment of a certain sumn of money-we could have secured to the principalities a more Substantive independent existence. I pass from that part of the tieaty jo aiiGther part, as to which, like the right hon. 1 member for South Wilts (Mr. S. Horbert), I bog to be ! allowed to retain a privato epin -the neutralization ofi the Black Sea. I believe no part of the treaty is more popular in the house and in the country, and many look | upon this arrangement as the principal glory of the treaty of peace. For my part, Iconfess I view it with far different feelings, independent of the question that neutralization a p pears to be welcomed in terms not altogether iustified by tne facts of the case. (Hear.) Where ships of war are allowied to a certain extent to be kept np, and as far as I can understand available for wv,ar purposes, I can find no one to tell me what would he the application of that system of neutralization in a time of war. In a state of peace no doubt the arrangement would work well, and so would all systems; but when we come to times of difficulty, when Russia may again be at war, when she may have resumed her supposed seheme of aggression upon Tarkey, or when the Porte may be at war with any Power, then I believe you will find that neutralization means nothing more than a series of pitfalls, which, when you come to test them, you will find to be deeper than you expected. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the matter of the Christian pivileges in Tnrkey I wish to maLe one remark. I almost doubt whether it would not have been wiser-although I admit the difficulty-to have attempted to recognize in the treaty some rules which should regulate interference on behalf of the Christians. In the case of the pinciPalitieS power of interference is agreed upon in a way so that no single Power would be allowed to interfere, but there may be a collective interference. Therefore Russia cannot interfere. But as to the rights of- the Christians in the em pire generally there is no such rovision, but it is left to each Power to do what it thinks best. Therefore, if Russia should conceive herself bound, either by reasons of policy or of general duty, to interpose such interference will not of necessity be regulated by the obligations-of the treaty, I do not think that arrangement is free from the danger of future complications. But all these subjects are small in I comparison with that which has been opened to our consideration. Upon that it may be necessary for me to dwell at seine length, but there are other questions which I am afraid it Is impossible for me legitimately to exclude from my consideration. UJnon a collateral question I think the Eouse is indehtea to the hon. and learned member for Tavistcok (Mr. .hilmore) for having raised a collateral discussion upon a most important question. I cannot, after the debate that has occurred, speak unap provingly of the changes which he condemns, but Ithin Eeis entitled to the tAanks of the House both for having brought the subject under orr notice, and for the able and considerate manner in which he did so. (Hear.) As to the proposal to submit international differences to arbitra~ ion, I thik that is i itself a great triumph. (Hear; hear.) It is perhaps the first time that the representatives of a principal nation of Europe have given an emphatic utterance to sentiments which contain at least a qualified disaproyal of a resort to war, and asserted, at least in qualmed terms, the supremacy of reason, of justice, humanit, and religion-a polcy not to be departed from' except unl erthenecessity of ohehighest considerations ofStatepolicy. I must venture, however, to utter one word of caution. There is one danger that may arise from giving effect to the system of arbitration-a danger easily avoidable, but one which ought not to be entirely left out of view. If by establishing a system of arbitration, instead of a resort to arms in the first instance, you give encouragement to the trumping-up of untenable claims and bad cases as a matter of diplomatic contention between nations, you wi end in maktng more quarrels than you can possibly mend. (Hear, hear.) I hold that no country ought to resort to arbitration until it has reduced its claims to what it thinks the minimum, and brought them to that state in which they are fit to be supported by force.' If you lay down that rule, then a resort to arbitration is indeed a powerful engine on behalf of civilization and humanity; but if by setting up a general tribunal to arbitrate you are to encourage aU sorts of persons to raise all sorts of claims, in order that they may ta'ke their chance of getting something out of the arbitration when they know they deserve nothin-, then what I hope is a beneficial proceeding would be grossly abused and those results would be entirely lost which, I believe, a proper system of arbitration is calculated to realize. (Cheers.) It is not necessary now to enter largely upon the other features of this question; but I may remark that theproposal to establish a system of arbitration-a pro- posal made, I rejoice to say, by Lord Clarendon, andtherefore emphatically an English proposal-a proposal, moreover, accepted freely and gracefuly by the representatives of the other Powers-may lead to a diminition of what undoubtedly has been a great scourge to Eiurope of late years-viz., the enormous cost of its military establishments. (Cheers.) It may be in the recollection of many who low hear me that in one of the later years of his life Sir Robert Peel expressed emnphatically in this house the strong sense which he entertained of the needless burden imposed upon the nations of Europe by the ivastl extent of those establishments, and even of the grave political dangers which they were calculated to create. That favousite catchword, "there is no such good way of p reserving peace as being prepared for war," has, 'I am afraid, been too popular in England (hear, hear), and I rejoice to find that the moment at length is come when we have every reason to hops the greatest military Powers in Europe -Russia and France-are about to set a bold example in the way of reduction of military establishments. (Cheers.) I venture to express respectfully the ho~pe that no false couse of publc opinion in this country may in any degree mar that beneficial process, or may deter those Powers from proceeding holdly in a direction so consonant with the interests of humanity and the dictates of religion. (Cheers.) But, passing from these agreeable to p'i, I feel it my bounden duty to refer to the questions whch have been touched by the hon. and learned gentleman who spoke last. That hon. and learned gentleman claimed the right to discuss upon a future occasion the materials contained in that most important document, the 26th p otocol of the Conference at Paris. No person can contest that right;* butI am afraid the hon. and learned gentleman willfind it not easy, unless he is preparedito raise the question in a very distinct form, amaidthe pressbure of business to draw the attention of the House effectually to the subject. But I feel it is so urgently pressed upon our attention by the manner in which it is presented to us as part of the protocols of the Congress which has arranged the pece, that we are bound to speak plainly and intelhgibly upon the question unless we are willing to ma3ke ourselves parties-I would rather say accomplices-in the proceedings that have been adopted and the intentions that have been more or less distinctlyintimated with respect to a subject of such vital importance. (Hear, hear.') With my right hen, friend the member for Wilts, I feel the greatest douot as to the prudence of the course that has been taken. If I look to particular cases-if, for ex'ample, I look to the case,. of :Naples-I would say that what passed at the conferences pleases me extremely; it falls in with all my views. (Hear, hear.) I ,believe it to be perfectly right and just. (Cheers.) I have not the slightest doubt as to the state of the facts. I do not believe that if a representative of Naples had been present at the conferences he would have 'been able to give a different colour to those facts. (Hear, hear.) I know well that some of the best and most virtuous citizens of that country are at the present moment, and have been for a long course of. years, expiating in dungeons, not their crimes, or even their follies, but their merits and their virtues. (Cheers.) But, although an individual maybe justified in sayag these things, yet it is ais gve question to consider-and I believe it is an entire innovation in the history of conferences of pacification-what results may grow out, 'first, of the entertaining of such subjects in formal conference; and, secondly, of the publication of whateverdeclsion may be arrived at. What is the position of those Powers which are not re,presentedin the conferences? How will they stand if their aff3irs are to be discussed, and their relations to their subjects and the state of their laws handled in conferences in which their representatives do not sit, and handled, as must necessarily be the case, and as I will presently undertake to show has been the case, by persons who are come there with quite different objects, and who cannot possibly have the information which is necessary to enable them to do justice? (Hlear, hear.) I should also like to know what is the exact force or value that belongs to those records that are inscribed upon the protocols. Are they treaty engagements? Certainly, they are not. Do they approximate to the character of engagements ? If they do, how near do they come, to at? If they do not, how far are they from it? If they do not partake at all of the nature of engage'ments, what are they? They are authoritative documents. Those who lik-e them may claim them as allies andpowerful auxiliaries. Those who do not like them may endeavour to depreciate them. Infinite discussions may arise upon their character. Plenty of room for difference of opinion and debate, and lam afraidplentyofriskof something likeconfusion in international rights and arrangements, will be supplied by these semi-authoritative records, to which no man can give a certain character, and to which every man may give whatever character ho thinks best. (Cheers.) The important cases that have been raised have been those of Naples, Rome, and Belgium. I have already spoken of the first; and with respect to the case of Rome I must say that I honour the courage and manliness of the hon. and learned member for Dundall, who never scruples to do battle on behalf of those whom he thinks to be unjustly attacked. But Iwidely differ from him. (Cheers.) I believe him whenho attempts to remove the delusions of others to be labouring under deep delusions himself. (Cheers and laughter.) That Papal Government which ho represents as a loverument favourable to happiness and to national freedom I believe to be not only bad, but incurably bad. (Cheers.) And that is the real distinction between the case of the Papal Government andthat of other Governments whose institutions, whoselaws, orwhoseactualpolieyforthemomcnt may be bad. There is nothfiig in the nature or character of the latter which renders it impossible to reform them. There is nO principle involved in their constitution which is of au inflexlble and unchangeable character, and which may not give way to the demands of civilization. But a systemvhich establishes a clerical caste, itself appointed and fotmded for quite other pnrposes-viz., sacrad and spiritual purposeswhich talkes that clerical class from its own proper sphare, and makes it, now that it has ceased to be supenor to other clases in general literature and mental attainments, the master of the temporal concerns of three millions of men-let the hon. and learned gentleman rely upon it that not all the speeches that can be delivered here or elsewhere can ever prove that there is even the hope of a cure for such an evil. (Loud cheers.) LTt me remind the hon and learned member t-hat these questions with respect to tihe temporaY powr vefothe~ Poq~ete e lbeer on -seen-by the most sagacious and intelligent men -in th-e ,Church of Btome, and that Cardinal Pama himself, an en. lightened, accomplished, and intimate friend of Pirs VIL, -has intimated in a pnblished work his opinion thit the *tisne even then was rapidly approaching when the con-tnuanoe of the temporal power of the Pope would be highly inexpedient with: reference to the intere3ts botbi i -of religion and of maukind. (Cheers.) But the :gestion most pressing upon- the attention of the House is that relating to the state of the prems in Belgium. (Hear, Ihear.) Using- the privilege of -a member of the House of sCommnons Ishal ventlre to speak-, I hone with moderation and justice, and without the slightest tinge of excaggeration, of-the langnage of most distingmuihedpersons belonging to -other countries. There are distinctions to be drawn in this matter.- I do not intend to comment, upon the language of Loed (larendon, because from the contents of the protocols -I see plainliy what his feelings were. l e evidently felt himself in a difficulty. He wished to discourage whatwas going on, and spoke with the~ reserve which he thought proper, but at the same time fairly intimated that the scheme which- had bseen suggested coulid dnd no suipport or symuathy in England. (Hear, hea-.) But, Sir, while I say this of the language of Lord Clarendon I mnust say, in fairness and in candour-and I am quite certain every member of this House willjoin me-that some most unfortunate mishap must have occurred with respect to the passage read by the hon. and learned gentleman opposite. I do not know whether the House has fuly apprehended the purport of that passage; but so important, so momentoun, and grave is the fact that a passae couchedin tiose terms should gofortlh to the world, with.t e signature of the British plenipotentiary appended to it, that I venture to bring it again under their notice, and I am sure the noble lord and his colleagues wMil see that some explanation is absolutely necessary. (Hear, hear.) The substance of the last p3rotocol is summed -up,-at the end, in four points:1, as to Greece; 2, as to Rome; 3, as to Naples; and 4, which touches the point. as to Belgium; and, not in the name of any one, but of the whole assembled plenipotentiies, it recites as follows -- P"-That a the plenipotentiaries, and even those who considered themselves bound to reserve the principle of the liberty of the press, have not hesitated loudly to condemn the excesses in which the Belgian newspapers indulge with impunity, by recognizing the niecessity of remedying the rea inconveniences which result from the uncontrolled licence which is so greatly abused in Belgium." So that, according to these assertions, the licence of the press under Belgian law is greatly-abused, there is a necessity for remedying the evils which ari£e from it, and the necessity of remedying the evils which arise from it and the necessity for remedying theseoinconveniences in Belgium are recognized by every plenipotentiary, even those who considered themselves bound to reserve the principle of the liberty of the press. These propositions are of a most formidable character. They touch us very nearly. (EHear, hear.) If the Belgian press be free, what is the press of England? I will presently state the law of Belgium to the House, and I think the House wil see it is more stringent than the law of England, and, standing here inthe first and principal fortress of European freedom (cheers)-that regulated and tempered freedom which we have not seen moving forward on the continent of Europe during the last 10 years quite so prosperously as we earnestly desired-, standing in the filst and principal fortress of European freedom, I do think these matters imperatively call for explanation. (Cheers.) That is the language used inthe discussion. It-is opened by Count Walewsli on the part of France; and let me do this justice to Count Walewski, that he is perfectly equal and impartiaL If he condemns the press of Belgium, a constitutional country which is not represented, he hastone and the same measure for all countries. He deals in the same way with Greece, Rome, Naples, Belgium, and others. Eis statement istothe effect that assassination is recommended, and, besides the recommendation of assassination, that there are other abuses of the press-that a society, called "La Marianne" is supported and that Bel'.ian legislation is required to be altered, and if that alteration is not voluntarily adopted it-will be necessary to have it adopted under compulsion. That is the declaration of France, and even as the declaration of Count Walewski I think it formidable enough (Hear, hear.) I venture to express a hope-there is nothig here to prevent my entertaining it-that this distinguished gentleman expressed his own personal views, and not the deliberate intentions of 'his Sovereign or the Government to which he belongs. (Cheers.) But now let us carry this proposition further. As we have done justice to the equality of feeling on the pDart of France, let us do equal justice to the proceedings of Russia. Russia most wisely end prudently declined to touch the matter; Counmt Orloffsaid he had no instructions, and passed by every one of the topics alike. But what was the conduct of the representatives of Austria and Prussia? The representative of Prussia, after touching on the case of Greece, begins by stating that he has no doubt whatever as to the necessity and wisdom of a legislation which shall prevent and repress the excesses of the press. Count Walewski, with much reason, refers plainly to a neighbouring country. Count Walewffi spealks of a neighbouring country, but Count Buogoes further, and says that repression of the press, in whatever quarter of Europe-perhapsinwhateverislsand of Europe (cheers)-must be considered as a European necessity. Having thusdealt pretty irtdictivelywith the case of Belgium, he arrives at -the case of Naples and Rome, Zwb -n his scruples suddenly arise, and he says it is impossible to consider the internal situation of States not represented at the congress.- But he forgets he has been discussing the situation of an inadependeat State not represented at the congress-the State of Belgium-and has committed himself tothe opinion that repression in the case of that press -is a matter of European necessity. (Hear, hear.) There appears to have been a kind of rivahry between the representatives of Austria and Prassia; for Baron Hanteuffel, while he declines to give any sort of countenance to the discussion about Naples and lome, goes further and says, admonitions such as were proposed would probably excite in the conntry a spirit of opposition and revolutionary movements. Be discountenances, he does not thnk proper to enter into, an actual examination of the conditw,n of the Pontifical States, but he who is thus chary of touching upon the condition of the Pontifical States gives his opinion that it is an unfavourable state of things-he is quite ready to deal with the state of the Belgian press, and he not only enunciates the abstract proposition which Count Buol has laid down, but goes a stage further and says, " That Prussia will readily take part in the inquiry into the measures which might be deemed suitable for putting an end to such practices." I must say I earnestiy hope these declarations are not indications of policy, but that they have issued lightly from the mouths of these distinguished persons, and having been uttered will be regretted and forgotten though they caunot be recaled. (Cheers.) In the meantime, are the charges just? I am quite sure the House will not grudge a few moments of time in shortly considering what is the state of the law in Belgium. Let us see whether the Belgian Government, with which we are elosely allied by respect for tho Sovereign, by sympatly with the spirit of her institutions, and by a sense of the immense services which the Government and people of that httle State, in conjunction with Sardinia, have rendered to the canse of orderly freedom throughout Europe (cheers)--let us see whether the conduct of the Government of Belgium has been such as to justify the description contained in that unfortunate sentence read by the hon. and learned gentleman opposite, and hastily and carelessly, amid the pressure of affairs, subscribed by the plenipotentiaries. (Hear, hear.) Perhaps we can best judge of the law and practice in Belgium if we compare them with what they are in England. In England, I apprehend, no political refugee is expelled unless he commits an offence against the general law of the conntry, and political refugees, while they live in England, are not placed under a system of exceptional laws. If they conduct themselves well, they enjoy the freedom and privilege of other strangers among Her Majesty's subjects; but in Belgium, in the first place, refugees are not freely received. I have made inquiries into that matter, and I find that of the refugees who have piesented themselves at the frontiers of Belgium an immense propor ion have been altogether repelled. They are never receivedlinto Belgium except their passports are perfectly regulai - because it is fairly assumed, if the system of passports is Ikept up, that regular passports will be given to none except those whom the Government wish to go out of their own and to be received into a foreign country. The number, if I am rightly informed, repelled by Belgium during the last few years is very large - no less than from 1,000 to 2,000 persons. The refugees received into Belgiuin are very small in number. They are not placed in the same condition as refugees who come to England. They are placed under an exceptional system. They are not allowed to congregate in one place. They are directed where they shall live, and if they break the conditions so imposed they are immediately expelled from the country. We have no law-we have no treaty of extradition with any foreign Power which touches the case of political offenders. But, unless I am very much misinformed, Belgium has a law of extradition with France, and, while it was assumed at the conference that refugees are permitted with impunitV to preach assassination in Pelgium, that is punishable by the law of Belginm and the treaty with France binds Belgium to deliver up the person so offending to the Government of Frace. (Hear, hear.) Is the law of the press one of unrestrained and uncontroled licence? I hold in my hand the law as it exists in Beligium, and every member can form his own judgment how it affects the relations with foreign Governments. Perhaps, in order that I may show that the conduct of the Belgian Government has not been altogether wanting in regard to the feelings of other countries, I may mention that this law was passed in the year 1852. The first article runs thus:- "'Whoever by writing or print, or any representation or emblem, advertised, distributed, or sold, put out to sale, or exposed to public viewv, shall be guilty against the person of sovereigns or the chiefs of foreign Governments of culpably attacking theirauthority, shall be punished by imprisonment from three months to two years, and by fine of from 100f. to 2 ,0O0f." I speak in the hearing of those who can correct me if I am wrong in stating that that is a more strin"ent lar for the punishment of political attacks by the elgian press upon foreign Govesumenti than any that is known in Eng- land for the repression of similar proceedings on the part of tho English journals. (Hear, hear.) Such is the Belgian I law, which, it must be remembered, is based upon trial by jury. An indictment laid under that statute must go before a jury. (Hear, hear.) But first let me do full justice to the law itself. In this country we have before now notified to the powerful Sovereign of a foreign countrythat,ifhedeemed himself aggrievea by the strictures of the British press, our courts of justice were open to him, and that he had as good a right as any subject of this realm to appeal to those tribunals forredre Such was our law then, and such it still remains. The Belgan constitution rocognizes the same principle, and mark the righteous spirit of their legislation. To remove the prejudice with which a foreign Powermight havoto contend in appealing to a jury of Belgians, and to relieve it from the odium of itself institUtig proceedings in a Belg'ia couxts it i5 provided that, whenever a demand is made by a fore.gn Government to give effect to thelawrin question, such demand shall be lodged as a confidential docuiment in the office of the Minister of Foreign Affairs, and the Belgianx Government shall itself institute the prosecution on its owrn, responfIi.h1ity and conduct it to an issane. (IIear, hear.) It Phillimore) motives which the peculiar character of his mind might enable him to understand, but -which, he confessed, he could not comprehend, and would not condescend to reply to. (Hear, hear.) In much that had been said in the course of this debate he heartily agreed. He most entirely agreed in the dignified eulogy which the noble lord the member for the city of London had passed upon the noble lord at the head of Her Majesty's Government (hear); for in proportion as the ability of the noble lord was great to carry on the war, so in proportion did it redound to his everlasting honour, when he thought it might be done with safety to the kingdom, and without sacrificing his fame, that he did all he could to bring about peace. There were portions of the treaty for which he- was most grateful, but there were other portions of it which he could have wished had been more effective. He could have desired that the Christian population of Turkey, considering that this country had shed the blood of her best men and had spent an enormous treasure to save Turkey from ccrtain ruin, should have had secured to them their religions freedom by the treaty. He should have been glad that the future freedom of our co-religionists had been included in the treaty. He was certain that no one knew letter than the noble lord that if, hereafter, any dispute should arise upon the construction of that document they had debarred themselves by express : erms from calling upon the Sultan to put in force the conditions of that firman. He would now claim the attention of the House to the additional paragraph which he wished to introduce in the address, ana which he proposed to do, first, on account of the great importance and magritude of the subject; secondly, from the irrepressible conviction which he entertained, and had entertained for years, of the great sacrifice of maritime rights which Great Britain had already made, and was still further making by the declaration contained in this treaty; and, lastly, because, speakingwithout offence, this was a subiect to which very few members had given attention, and which was not generaliy understood, and the importance of which certainly justified a debate in Parliament. He proposed, first, to call atten- tion to the immemorial and undoubted belligerent right of the Crown to capture enemies' goods in neutral ships, and, secondly, to the importanceof affording Parliamentanopportunity of expressing its opinion upon so grave and extensive an alteration of public and international law. He wished at the outset to conciliate, if he could, the attention of hon. gentlen.en near him by disposing of two prejudices which generally beset the introduction of this subject. It vas supposed that those who regretted this alteration of the public law of Europe were persons opposed totheimprovement of the law, and that they wishedtoretain a barbarous custom for the sole purpose of maintainingthemaritimesupremaey of this country. Hewasnotoneofthose. However ancientand immemorial the right, if it could be proved that it stood in the way of an improvement of the Chrstian maritime laws of Europe, and that the horors of war would be lessened by the removal of it, his voice should be never heard against it. It was because he thought that those who entertained that opinion were misled by that declaration which the next war would serve to dissipate-it was because he thought that the abandonment of that right would prolong and not diminish the horrors of war, that he wsoposedto it. What wvas wvar? Lord Bacon had said long ago,tha " arsbetween nations were the highest trials of right." Nations owned no common superior and possessed no comsnon tribunal. The evil was a great but a necessary one. It was a mistake, however, to suppose that war had not its laws and its usages, the maintenance of which was necessary for the salvation of the world. There was one proposition which he had never yet heard disputed-the proposition that when you go to war you have a right to capture your enemies' goods; whether you found them on board a merchantmau, or of the navy of thatState. Heneverheard that doctrine disputed. The treaty passed in 1785 between the United States and Prussia was the only instance that ever gainsayed that proposition. WelL then, if you had a right to capture your enemies'goods, and if you had a right t-o visit and search a neutral vessel for the enemies' goods, had you not a right when you found your enemies' goods on board that vessel, to take those goods on paying the freight for canying them ? That had always been the law of England. It had been supposed that you had a right to seize an enemy's goods in neutral vessels, and never pay the freight; but such had never been the practice. It had been said the neutrals had a right as well as belligerents. If there was anything more clear than another, it was that it was essential to a neutral to assist neither party, but to abstain from all int^rference with either party. If a neutral were found carying contrabandyou might seize contraband. That was admitted, and why ? Because the neutral might minister to the force of the enemy. But did not furnishing food administer to his force? Was it not a mere question of degree, and not a question of principle? If a bystander saw two men fighting, and he picked up a sword and handed it to one of them, he was no longer a neutral, but became a principal. Hd he not interfered to assist one party to the detriment of the other? He did not mean to say that neutrals could not carry on commerce on their own account. Theycould trade withthe enemy, but not for the enemy. What were the facts? A belligerent with a superior naval force could not blockade aU the coast of a large country with whom she was at war, such as France or Spain; but she could have cruisers to cut off the eneny's comimerce and destroy his trade. Bat if neutrals were permitted to carry on the commerce, it relieved the bloclSaded country from the pressure of that lawful arm, and by so doing tended to prolong the horrors of war. (Hear, hear.) We were not without recent experience on the subject. Could any one doubt that our blockade of the Russian ports had been weakened by the waiver of the ancient right ? Russia being connected with a Prussian port, the whole commerce of Russia was ca3rried on with perfect impunity in Prussian bottoms. Had such a state of things a tendency to shorten the war, to lessen its horrors, or to introduce a Christian improvement into the administration of international law? He declared that if the war had continued a little longer he believed the Government would have boen forced by the pressure of events to alter their plan of proceeding. Blis propoition was, that the ancient law was not a remnant of barbarism, as persons unacquainted with the subject were inclined to sp pose. It was an opinion deeply rooted in natural law and in the reason of things. Supposing of two beligerents one possessed a strong naval force and the other only a nsmall naval power, if a neutral carried on the commerce of one belligerent she allowed him to devote his cominercial resources to military purposes- every sailor saved from commercial ships was a sailor added to the military marine. (Hear.) Could that be called neutrality? Let them distinguish, if they could, between this principle and that of contraband. There was a distinction of degree, but not of principle. He would appeal to the right hon. member for Manchester (Mr. Gibson) whether the principle involved in this concession did not also apply to the concession of the right of searchand capturingof contraband? Theri'ht hon. gentleman would, he was sure, admit it, and add that he regarded the present concession only as an instalment of 'what he desired. lie (r. Phillimore) would say that, if those planswere car-ied out, the excellentandwell-intentioned persons w ho sitpported themwould do far more to prolongwvar and increase its hiorrors tlhan the barbarous practices of Voctors'commons which they so warmly denounced. Every natural right should rest upon three grounds-the reason of things, approved custom, and unquestionable authority. t, as to the custom. Before 1646, for 400 yeas theright had teen unquestioned. It was quite true that, about that lime, the Dutch, who were the carriers of Europe, whose l rofits were derived from the carriage of beligerents' goods, znd who were so unscrupulous that they sold gunpowder to yarties with whom they were at war, first introduced she principle. In 1713, about the period of the treaty of 'Utrecht, England, in a peace she made with France, introduced the doctrine that free ships made free goods, but, at the same time, accompanied it by the doctrine that enemy's ships made enemy's goods. Set off the one doctrine against the other, and he doubted whether the pressure of the last doctrine would not be more severe than the ancieat practice. In 1752 there was put forth the famous answer to the Prussian memorial, which Lord Mansfield drew up, and of which the greatest philosopher of the day, Mlontesquieu, said that it was a document sans r6pliqiic, and which was really a great State document, and not a barbarous jargon of English lawyers. In 1780 an attempt was made to introduce the principle upon which the present maritime declaration was based. The noble lord at the head of the Government was well acquainted with the origin of both the armed neutralities, and would not deny that the first armned neutrality, in 17s0, which proposed a general law founded upon the maxim to which he had referred, was adopted with the deliberate and avowed intention of striking at the heart of the naval power of Eigland, and not for the purpose of introducing a better administration of national law. But what happened ? That armed neutrality which arose from the conflict of two profligate courtiers of the Court of a most unprincipled woman, whom the inscrutable designs of Providence permitted to rule over Russia-the Empress Catherine. The goodly tree the growth of which they were now asked to encourage had its root in such slime and filth. Every nation of Europe, except England, assented to that principle, but before 20 years had elapsed every one of thea had abandoned that doctrine, and returned to the ancient law, finding it impossible to exercise the just rights of conquest The object of that agreement was described by Lord Gren- rle in is eloquent Itcrs of Sulpichixs, in these terms :- "Thus did this fruitless effort fade away, which, under the pretence of promulgating eneral rules, obligatory on allPowers alike, was substantially directed against the heart and life of the British naval power, created, e.x-tended, and maintained by an adherence to the ancient and long established law of nations." (Hear.) In 1787, when Mr. Pitt made his commercial treaty with France, he introduced the doctrine of freeships making free goods but when that act wasm assailed in Parliament it was defended by the assertion that the agreement was made with France alone, that it was impossible for that Power and England to be long allied, and that the first war between themwould dissipate the treaty andrender it of no effect. Lord Shelburne, the father of the present Ear- quis of Lansdotvne, a most eminentstatesmanin that debate, said:- "In fact, the neutral code struck at the distinguishiag fcrte of England, that power which more particularly be- longed to her. As to the plea that itwould signi-y nothing, and was futile to urge the common interest we had in this with France, because France and England were always to be at wvar together, he could not accede to it, as it was contrary to all the Teasonings respecting the dispositions of France that at least he had gone upon, in justifying the present treaty, as tending to peace with France. Heartily concerned, therefore, as lie was that the article appeared in the treaty, he hoped that no mention would dare to be made of it in another without the advice and sanction of Parliamient. . . - It was said to be worthless, because no nation would obseri-e it when it was able to break it, and he confessed one of his, strongest arguments in objection to it VrZs its iupracticability; but why enter into a treaty on thc&subject ? 'Why give a consent to a thing which it must be a1waYs our wish, when able, to set aside!? It was in the natute of man, enterprize and hostility would lead to it, and ie trusted that no Minister would ever consent to yield to it without first taking the advice of Parliauenet." Every one knew that when the French Revolution broke out the rmle was abandoned, as it had been before. In 1800 camethesecond armed neutrality, which, like th the origi- nated in Russia, and sprang fromithe caprice of a maddespot -Paul-and only endured during that short interval which elapsed before he was strangled, or rather constitutionally disposed of according to the custom of Russia. His successor immediately incorporated in a trety the precisely reverse doctrine, that enemy's goods were not free on board neutral ships. It wvas incorporated ia thetreatyof ISOL But was that the last time9 There was onecountry withwhichGreatBritainhad neculiarlv favourable treaties-Portugal; and by treaty -with Portugal we certaliily placed her on a different footing, allowing her to carry enemy's goods in her ships. But in 1842, under the Administration of Sir Robert Peel, a new treaty was made with Poritugal, and one of the stipulations was, that she should give up her exemption from the general law of nations-that enemy's goods were not free on board neutral ships. In the famous treaty of Washington, the same yFear, the Americans proposed to introduce a contrary naxim, but England positivey refused. (Hear, hear.) He had gone through national custom and the reason of things, and he camne to the third point, authority. As to authority, everv jurist, whether in France, in Hoiland, in Spain, in Germoany, in England, or in the United Statesevery jurist of emmence had written in favour of this now repudiated law. He knew very well that people laughed | when they heard the names of international lawyers quoted, but that was very foolish, because, when they reflected that nations had no common tribunal and no common superior, it was important that propositions universally approved by eminent jurists should be taken as parts of the law of nations. He would not weary the House by reading latin or English quotations from those eminent lawyers, but he chalenged contradiction to the statement that they were substantiaUy agreed upon this point, and he was fortified in his opinion by reference to the work of M. De HauteviLe, who made the remarkable confession that, with the exception of Hiibner, no jurist down to the 19th century had questioned the doctrine. - He believed Sir J. Macintosh said; in that house, he never remembered the authority of these jurists to be questioned, except by those who were determined to violate the principles which, with impartiality and under no influence whatever, they had laid down. (Hear.) He passed over the foreign authorities, vwith the exception of the American. It was said that if England attempted to enforce the ancient maritime law of Europe she must be prepared to go to war with America. No proposition was more capable of proof, amounting to moral demonstration, than that the United States were bound, by every publi act, by every State proclamation,i by every decision of their owvn tribunals, and by the authority of every American jurist who had ever written upon the subject, to maintain the doctrine which Was now abandoned. At the breaking out of the first French Revolution Mr. Jefferson answered the French Government in this way:- "I believe it cannot be doubted that, by the general law of nations, the goods of a friend found in the vessel of an enemy are free; and the goods of an enemy found in the vessel of a friend are lawful prize. Upon this principle, I presume, the British armed vessels lhave taken the property of French citizens found in our vessels in the cause abvementioned, and I confess I should be at a loss on what principle to reclaim it." Shortly afterwards he vrote "Another source of complaint with Mr. Genet has been, that the English take Eren^h goods out of American vessels, which, he says, isagainst the law of nations, and ought to be prevented by us. On the contrary, we suppose it to have been long an established principle of natural law." tory, one of the greatest men who ever lived, in p onouncirig a decision in the Atme1ican Prize Court, "The rule, as it was observed by the Court, rested on thesimple and intelligible principle that war gave a f ul right to capture the goods of an enemy, but gave no right to capture the goods of a friend. The neutral oag constituted no protection to enemy's property, and the beLigerent Ilagaommunicated no hostile character to neutral property. The character of the property depended upon the fact of ownership, and not upon the character of the vehicle in which it is found. That nations have changed this simple and natural prmiciple of public law by conventions between themselves, in whole orin part, as theybeieved it to besfor their interest." It was absurd to suppose that America would go to war with England for enforcing the lawf which over and over again she had acknowiledged. (Hlear.) Mr. Chancellor Kent, an authority to which every Euglish lawyer yielded assent, in an edition of his works published in 1849 or 1850 said:- "But, whatever maybe the utility or reasonableness of the neutral claim under snch a qualification, I should apprehend the belligerent right tot no longer an open question; and that the anthority and usage on>whieh that right rests in Europe, and the long, explicit, and authoritative admission of it by this country, have concluded us from making it a subject of controversy; and that we are boumd in truth and justice to submit to its regsular exercise in every ease, and with every belligerent Power who does not freely renounce it." It would be hard for an American Senate to go to war in the teeth of the proclamations, the decisions, and the opinionsof their mosteminentjurist. (Eear, hear.) He felt grateful to the House for the indulgence with which they had been pleased to hear him. (Cheers.) If it had not been a question upon which he felt the strongest, however erroneous, convictions-if it had not been a question to the consideration of which he had devoted many years of his professional life, he woould not have presumed to address them. (Cheers.) There remained only one other point, whether it was not a matter of reret that Parliament should not have had an opportunity of expressing its opinion. Scarcely any one would deny that the change was of vast extent, that we had abandoned an immemorial and ancient right, and that the right was supposed to have been maost essential to the naval strength of Great Britain. (Hea-, hear.) He agreed in what was said by the noble lord the member for the city of ondon last night, "that he hoped this country would never ho a great military Powrer, or maintain a great standing army," but they should not therfore weak;en her naval force; and he called upon the House to remember that it appeared by the prowcols that this suggestion came from thc French, and not from the British plenipotentiaries. Hereafter, if-whichGod forbid-England should find herself at war with France, assuming that the protocols were as binding as the treaty, she could no longer use that weapon of her naval streqgth against France as in former times. This wvas a queston which, be thought, might have been profitably debated in Parliament before it wvas finally resolved upon, (Opposition cheers.) Certainly a debate upon the subject took- place when Lord Aberdeen's Administration was in offlce, and he ventured then to express the same opiions which he had now enunciated. Lord Aberdeen put forth a proclamation "' that Her Majestywaivedforthepresenther belligerent right." And flhy? She was at war for the first time with France as an ally, and, as the doctrine of the two countries was not the same, it was quite obvious they could not conduct a w.ar togfetherwithoutmutual concession. Her Majesty, therefore, very-wisely waved for the present her belligerent right; but by waiving it she asserted the maintenance of the right for any future war. The right hon. baronet thlen First Conmmissioner of WVorks (Sir William Molesworth) went fully into the question, but the debate languished, and, he was bound to say, shortly afterwards the House was counted out. (Hear, hear.) Thehen. gentlemen who cheered must adm-it that, asthe question was notthen discussed,- it required the further delibera tion of Parliament, which it had never received. (Cheers.) Itwas quite true it was the prerogative of the Crown. Still he spoke the language of the constitution and of common sense -when he said that the different members of the constitution were made harmonious by co-operation, and that it -was not the custom of the Crown to make any great change in any great question of public policy withont first receiving the advice of Parlamnent. (Hear, hear.) He thought there -was more necessity in the present instance, because the public and the Parliament were perfectly unapprized thatthe question was about to be dealt with. (Hear.) Ilere ,as a change in our public and international law of the utmiost importance which was not even alluded to in the speeches of the mover and seconder of the address. If Parliament had knon-n wlhat was going on he supposed it would have been conmpetent for that or the otber House to interfere by advice. or in some other constitutioeal code. (Hear.) Mr. Pitt, it -wastrue, introduced this very article in his treaty of commerce with France. But he told the country why, Mr. Pitt said, in 1787, that the treaty in its commercial aspect had been five or six months before the public and no one had taken the alarm. The country, then, had been fuUy prepared, and Mlr. Pitt said that no comnplaint could therefore be niade of the exercise of the prerogative. But Parliament and the country had not bean apprized of what -was about to be done in the conferences of I'arls. (Hear.) It appeared from the protocols that the matter had sprung up on the spur of the occasion, like the discussion on the Belgian newspapers, and -was no part of the instructions to our ambassador, but one of the suggestions of Count Walews. He should be sorry to appear to have any wasih unnecessarily to embarrass the Government. He had the single honest, although perhaps mistaken purpose, librerire animam suam. The subject had weighed much upon his mind, and he could not help thinking that a right had been parted with of the value and importance of which the country was not aware, and that -we were now runder an obligation to admit in the face of the whole wrorld a principle which it was inexpedient to part with, but which we had no longer the right to dispute. (Cheers, amd cries of "Move! ") We could not move his addition to the address at present and he might state that it was not his intention to trouble the House to divide on the question. (Hear.) The MIarquis of GRANBY, as one of those who thought that we had entered into this war without sufficient cauie, and with undue precipitation, begged to be allowved to express his satisfaction at the peace that had been concluded. (Hear, hear.) No doubt, whatever peace had been concluded, it would have been unsatisfactory to some individual minds. There were some who entered into this war for reasons which they alone participated in. There were some who thought that the Circassians should be freed from the yoke of Russia. iThere were others who thought, like the hon. member for Pontefract, that Poland should be rescued and regenerated. No doubt others tbought Italy ought to be saved from the hands of Austria, and that Hungary should also be regenerated. It was impossible that any treaty of peace should be satisfactory to these gentlemen; but, looking to the treaty as a whole, he thought it contained as much as we had any right to expect, and was one that the people of this country would accept. (Cheers from the Ministerial benches.) The hon. member -who moved the address, alluding to the late Emperor, said that he -was the aggressor, and that he had sue. cumbed to the cares and anxieties which this war had engeridered. The honL member alco alluded to Lord Stratford de Redcliffe, and said that severe sictures had been passed uponhim, hut that the justice and moderation of that House would lead hon. gentlemen to remember the reat advantages that he had obtained and the reforms -that he had insisted ulpon. The Emperor of Russia was no more. Lord Stratford was still our ambassador at Constantinople, notwithstanding the censure he had received from our Foreign Minister. He wished now to compare the words of the Empeor of ussia in1853 with the words of Lord Stratford in February, 1856, the forner having been penned at the break-ing out of -the war, and the litter after the war was concluded. The Empe- ror of Russia, in 1853, wrote, or caused to be written, a memorandum to the effect that Russia. and Austria, in order to obtain justice, had seen themselves compelled in turn to act by intimidation, since they had to do with a Government that only yielded to a peremptoryattitude. Let England (the Emperor added) also employ herself in making Turkey listen to reason, so that she might be compelled to treat her Christian subjects with more eogity and humanity. that -would relieve Russia from the obligation of enforcing those rights of provisional protection that she was compelled to exercise against her will, and would pstponethe crisis that the Emperor and Her Majesty last gt that we went to war for two principal objects, must equally deprecate. Thenoblelord(Lord J. Russell) said and, as the nobte lord was a -memuber of the Government - that declared war, he must be an authority. The noble lord sid that the Government would have hadl no excuse for entering 'upon that war if they had had no prospect of seemg a reform of those abuses 'under which the Christian population of Turkey were sferinn. - That which the Emperor of Russia had invited us to no before blood was shed had been now accomplisbed. To secure the accomplishment of that end was one of the' scala objects of the war, and but for it we should neverbave engaged in the war. The language of Lord Stratford de Redcliffe was identical sith the language of the Emperor of Rusia; but to his (the Marquis of Granby's) mind it was clear that all the advantages wlhich we had gained might have been secured wvithout the expenditure of blood and Imoney which two years of war had forced upon us. Anoble lord in another place had spoken of the f5-man which had been issuedas the " jMagnaCharta" of the Christians in the East. He (the Marquis of Granby) had no wish to Undervalue a firman which placed the Christians in the positior that they ought to occupy; but it mustbe remembered that we had now somewhatmore experience of the Turkish empire than we had possessed when we first went to war, and that it by no means followed because a hatti-sheriff was 3made that it would beputintoexecution. Refor onegreatly regretted that it hadnotbeenincludedinthetreaty of peace, wbichwouldhavebeenthe onlysecure means of enforcing it. Thehon. member for Aylesburyhadlectured-theRouse upon the folly of abusing the Porte, when, as the hon. member said, they ought to be so grateful to her for all the concessions which she had made. Those concessions, however, had not been granted by the Porte of her own free will, but had been wrung from her by the energy and determ nation of Lord Stratfor deo Redcliffe and the Government. We had had some experience now of the procrasination and delays of the Turklsh Government. Why was it that di.hri fallen2 Upon this point he had the misfortune todiffer from his friends around 'him. Kars had fallen, in his humble judgment, from the cupidity of the pashas in the first instance; from the sluggishness and inattention of the Turkish Government in the second instance; and from the want of energy (in this one case) on the part of Lord Stratford de Reddliffe. (Hear.) He had already said he thought that the treaty of peace would give satisfaction to the country. It had been concluded at a time when we stood in ahigh position. We could look back to the past. and forward to the future with pride and confidence. We could look back to the past with pride, because we knew the successes that our army had achieved, although the rust of a 40 years' peace was upon our swords, and the taint of a foolish notion that we should never again be exposed to the hazards of war were upon our minds; and we could look forward with confidence to the future, because wemight hope that the peace which had been concluded would. be a lasting oneb-ecause we knew, if we should be agaim called upon to draw the sword, that our establishments' would be found to be in a state of preparation-and because we had proof suflcient that the spirit of the people of this country was never greater and their valour never more heroic than at this moment. (Hear.) Peace had been concluded at a time when the army haA never been more efficient, when the navy had never been, larger or more capable of entering into conflict, when the. resources of the country were moat abundant, and wben herfinances were in the most flourishing condition ; but in a. spirit of confidence in our own strength, joined to a desire of achieving triumph by the arts of peace rather than by thepower of the swvor, peace had been concluded. That was; the spirit in which peace had been agreed to, and it was in. that spirit that it would be accepted by the country, and he' could only hope that the peace thus concluded might be as. long and as enduring as the laurels which had been gained in the contest now happily at an end. Mr. SIDNEY HERBERT.-I hope, Sir, that the House will allow me-and I will undertake to do so in as short a time as I possibly can, and without a single quotation of any description-to express the opinion which I have formed uponL this treaty, which terminates a war for the commencement of which I, amOng others, was responsible. Iapprehend that what we have to consider in examining the provisinns~ of this treaty is-frt, does it obtain the objectsfor which 'we'originally entered upon the wrar;* secondly, does it bear a. just proportion to the degree of success which we have obtained; and, thirdly, is the moment the beast chosen forcondluding a peace ? Sowv, Sir, first, as regards the last of these considerations. If there is one feeling prevalent in. the public mind, it is that the peace has unfortunately arrived at a moment when our armaments generally are SoD strong and in such a state of preparation that we nlightreasonably have hoped for successes greater than those which we have obtained. Th)w , as regards that argnument, I c. onlysay that it falls at once to the ground if the peace accomplishesanll the main £bjects of the war; for, if wvehave obtained those objects, then Isay that to carry on the irarfor the purpose of obtaining great military successes wroul,d' be an offence against the l,aw;s of God and of man, and,. like offences committed by individuals, would 'os sare to meet, sooner or later, with a just retribution. L,et us however, examine the matter more closely, and let us consider what were the prospects which we had of obtaining great successes if the war had continued. I have the most unbounded coufldenge in the talent and capacity wrhich woul.d have been exhihited by those to wvhom the conduct of our armaments might have been intrusted, but at the same time it is impossible not to observe thatafter the termination of the first campaign, that is, afterthe day on which Sebastopol was taken, there WalS not that. energy displayed, nor was there the same prospect of great I achievements whbich had existed up to that time. A fter the' death of the late LPord Raglan there can be no doubt that; t~he position of the iEnglish forces materially changed. I do not wish to say one word in disparagementi of tShe gallanti soldier who succeeded Lord Raglan in his command. No man l;new better than he himself did the measure of his own powers, and he was not responsible if he was placed in a position beyond hispowers, for he himcself had remonstrated against his being so placed. I was much struck by an expression in an able memorandum of Omar Patsh's, contained in the blue-book from which so muchl has been quoted. Omar Pasha said, " I think that. wshen General Simupson is at the head of 50,000, instead' ot 30,000 men, you will find that his voice will be better heard in the councils of the allies." I think there is a groat deal of truth in that remark. At the early part of the csampaign t.he English troops were inferior in number' to the French, but the authority which was exercised by Lord Raglan compensated for that inferiority. (RIear, bear.) I have heard gentlemen on the bench below mc who are in the habit of speaking in terms of disparagement of L;ord Raglan's military ability say that he possessed great dijiematic talent. If by the expression "diplomatic talent" is me.ant that dexterity and subtleness, that powver of guard. ing expressions and of adapting one's language to the views of theperson with whiom one is talking-which is, I think, u-* justly concluded to be necessaryfor the success of diploniacy-then I can only say that Lord Rlaglan did not possess that;' talent. It was his courtesy (hear) and his frank deportment, combined w;ith his prudence and his military expefience, which gave so much weight to his judgment, and which drew from the French the greatest respect for his character and for' his opinions. (ilear.) I think that in looking beck to the' siege of Sebastopol wve must all admit that we owe that success to Lord Raglan as much as to any one who was eng.9ged. in that contest. (Rlear.) Itwvas Lord Raglan who mainlycontributed in the deliberations before the expedition started to fix the project in the minds of the allied comnmanders. It was Lord Raglan who in that terrible vir.ter, himself a man of the kindest disposition, and upon whom the sufferings of his troops inflicted the greatest pain, by his constancy, his firmness, and the tenacity of his courage, maintained his ground through all difficulties, until he was cut off by death and prevented from witnessing that success towbiich he had mainly contributed. (Hear.) The subject upon which I am now about to touch is rather a delicate one, but as I hold no official position I whill not hesitate to refer to it. Look;ing at the conduct of the campaign from the moment of the capture of Sebastopol, I see that the direction of affairs becamne not exclnsively, but predominantly French. It was the opinion of everyhody in England, and I believe it was the opinion of the present Government, as it was of the late Govern- ment, that next to Sebsstoyol Asia was the point of paramount inmportance. Now, instead of attention eng directeld to Asia, an expedition was sent to Xinburn. N%ow, I am not myself a military man, and I have no right to speak with any affectation of authority on military affiairs, but I have discussed this question wvith nmlitary men, and indeed there are some things connected with military affairsthat depend so entirely upon common sense that even a civilian is competent to form an opinion with regard to them. Well, Sir, Xinburn 'wantaken, and taken with comparative ease, after enormous preparations had been made and a great deal of valuable time consumed, .and a large force vas concentrated np6n it. The RIonsewill recollect that inhurn is situatedon the end of the liman on which NicholaiHff is situated. Now, the attack upon Kinburn was made in Auguist, and after its capture Marshal Pelissier co trlnated his troops upon having takenthe key of Nicholsieff. Now, it appears to me that, if the object of the expedition was to take Nicholaieff inbumn ought not to have been attacked until all preparation bad been made for going on to Nicholaieff. If you have the key of a door, surel it is the usual practiee to open it before the personwho wishes to prevent yourentrance has time to change the lock (Hear, hear.) lFhattookplaceinthis instance? Why, after the capture of Kinburn the troops were kept in a state of inaotivity until General Todtleben was sent for and converted Nicholeff iuto a second SebastopoL It must have been obvious thatAsia was a moraimportint field of action. The inhabitants of Georgia are Christian, and a Christian armoy might be able to operate in that country, while in Circassia a Mussulman army might also have been able to operatO This leads me to the conviction which I have expressed on a former occasion, that the mode of accounting for thir chauge in the prospective character of the campaign vwhich termmated in the capture of Sebastopol is that the dimration of the military movements of the allies had beea assumed by the French. (Hear, bear.) Well, now, I wish to speal with every Piraise of the conduct of France towlards us; but a nation mist lock to its own views and. intere8tv, aud its rulers must act in accordance with what they believc credit. The noble lord (Lord J. lussell), in recommending the Sovereign Pontiff to grant a constitution to his-sub. ' jects, forgot that that was done in. the year 1847; nd,l| indeed, the failure of that experiment resulted in a great measure from the policy of the noble lord _t regirded Italy when Prime Minister of England. In 1848 the Sovereigns of Italy thought it time to give I liberal govermment to the people. Great hopes wereraised,j and there was considerable excitement. .He did not believe either the Sovereigns or the people knew what they were about. There were, good intentions on the part of the Sovereigns, and great loyalty on the part of the people. The Einglish Government interfered, They sent Lord Uinto to: Italy, and, in public and in private, Lord Minto pronomncea strictures on the Sovereigns and haTangned the people from the windows. It was said that thi progress of Lord !dinto was a perfect ovation, 'and I nothing could be stronger condennation of the noble lord's conduct, because-an ambassador's duty was not to stir up the people, but merely to treat with the Government to which he was accredited by the Government of which he was tle agent. At that time there vas an insurrection iin Sicily, and guns were sent from the English arsenals, and the Siclian insurgents were told if they would elect a Prince of Savoy the English Govern-ment would recognize him, although this country was at peace with the KBing of Naples. The Pope. had granted a constitution. When Count Rossi was Prime Minister there was a purely secular .Government at Rome. There were two chamubers sittin deliberating. [There existed liberty of the precss trii by jury in many cases and the germs of tltegreatestfreedom and the greatestpoliticalliberty. A band of demagogues, driven out of' Lombardy, overwvhelnied the peace'able inlubitants of Romue and established that Provisionlal Go vern. suent which murdered the clergy by wl&hosale and coinmitted the blackest crimes. He vwould not detail the - atrocities which blackened the Government of those nis- creants. Thle Sovereign Pontiff; finding himself a prisoner and unable to performs his functions, very properly took refuge in the kingdom of Naples. Foreign occupation became necessary; and yet the language of the noble lord (Lord J. Russell) and the hon. member f&r Aylesbury (MIr. Layard) was the same as if the HolyFather had destroyed and overturned the liberties of his country. The noble lord at the head of the Government, being applied to for assistance in the European policy of bringing back the Pope, said the Pope on his return ought to give liberal institutions to his people. The experiment had been tried anid had failed. The people were themselves to blame for that failure. If they had shown more energy in resisting demagogues and conspirators the constitution wvould have remained. When the Holy Father came back the constitution no longer existed, and he had to deal with the circumstances as they stood; It was very much the satne at Naples. The coustitution was in full pglay when the mnembers of the Lower House demanded the suppres,' sion of the Upper House. The King refused. They began to erect barricades. The King, to provide for the safety of his people, called upon the troops to act. The troops stood by him, and he put donvn the constitution. (Laughter.) The King was obliged to do so. The Lower House said they would not have an Upper House. and the comnpact between the Sovereign and the people was broken. H[e was not going to jutstify all the measures of the King of Naples. (lIear, hear.) Some of those neasures had been Justly condemned by Count WValewaki and he hoped the remonstrance would prevent the recurrence of those abuses. HIe begged the House to remember that he wvas the only person to support this Important cause, ad in fairness to allow hun to state somewhat fully the defenca which was to be mado for the Sovereigns of Italy who had been so constantly vituperated and so violently attacked. Why did we see} to interfere in the internal affairs of other countries We should get rid of our own abuses before we turued our attention to abuses elsewhere. The administrative reformers bad been rather tame of late. They bad allowed themselves to be seduced by the melodious pipe of the noble lord at the head of the Government. They eame to the assistance of the noble lord in the debate on Kars, but when in their primitive or virgin state they used to say things which reflected considerable condemnation on the management of affairs at home. He repeated that we ought to remedy the defects and abuses of our own administration, before we interfered in the administration of other countries. They were told that the Sovereigns of other countries should pardon political offenders. "Pardon Smith O'Brien" -was the obvious commentary on such a sentiment. (Hear, hear.) -To the representations of the Irish members, -who 'waited on hima in no inconsiderable numnbers to plead the cause of that unforhtmate gentleman, the Prime Minister leturned a very evasive answer. Far better wvould it have been to seize the opportunity to do a generous act 'which would have reflected honour on his own name. (Hear, hear.) It vwas the general opinion that, whatever the. ftaults and follies of Mr. O'Brien might have been, he had I een sufficiently punished (hear, hear), and itwas time f6r I ini to be restored to his friends and country. He had not rred through malice, but rather throu -h excess of sympathy ior the wrongs of his native lanad, ana those wrongs should 1- c allowed to plead on his behalf. It was all very wvell to talk of reforming the institutions of continentil countries; but look at the established church inIreland. (Hear.) A vast ecclesiastical establislhment maintained in opulence and splendour for the benefit of a miere fractioni of the people, 'while the millions had to support their own clergy by the sweat of their brow, was the chronic grievanee of Ireland and a scandal on the civilization of the age. And, as for cruelty, before we passed judgument on other nationis for the harshness of their proceedings we should do well to remember how many wve had shot, flogged, and hanged in the Ionia.n Islands. On the return of the Pope to his dominions aftera terrific revolution-a reign of terror-some political offenders were imprisoned for short periods, and lt was signified to others that they should leave the censtry, but not one was put to death. (Hear, bear.) Nor should we forget what had happened in India. Howv ill did it become our English politicians to assail other lands and to reprobate laws and institutions which presented no feature that deserved even a shadow of the condemnation which the revelations respecting torture in India had provoked. The statement of the hon. member for Aylesbury ( r. Layard), that in 1850 there were 10,000 prisoners in the risons of Rome, was utterly unfounded. (H-ear.) The numner of politicalprisoners in Rome at thattinue was under 40. Nor was it trae, as the hoa. member had asserted, that priests in Rome paid no taxes. The very reverse was the fact. The. hon. gentlenman had been misinformed. (Hear, hear.) t1e had alluded also to the Inquisition. The name ceitaily Was a striking one, but the Inquisition at Rome was nothing more than an ecclesiastical court taking cognizance pf matters affecting the discipline of the clergy, and having no jurisdiction over the laity. It had no power to punish otherwise than by imprisonment, and even in that respect its authority was far trom formidable, for the prisons were so comfortable as scarcely to deserve the name. These statements ise made on the evidence of his own senses. He tesified to that which he had himself seen, whereas the hon. member for Aylesbnry had not cited a single authority for his assertions. With respect to the "secularization" of the papal -Power, it was not very easy to understand what was meant by the phrase. It was an old Whig doctrine which appeared tofind favour with the noble lord the member for the city of London, the Foreign Secretary, and the hon. member for Aylesbury, that ecclesiastics were unfit to take part in the administration of politieal affairs, but history proved that there was no truth in the opinion. Surely. Ximenes, Alberoni, Wolsey, and Richelieu were as great statesmen as any of the present day, yet they were allcardinals. (Hear.) It had been said that laymnen were excluded from office m the Roman Government; but such was not the fact. The Roman States were not governed by the College of Cardinals, but by Mlinisters, of 'whom three were ecclesiastics and all the rest laymen. The latter were at the heads of almost all the public departmenits. The following statement, derived from authentic sources, would correct much misconception on this question, and show at a glance in what propoitioxn ecclesiastics and laymen were employed in the business of the State:- Ministry of Forcign Affairs .. sti. L-30men Ministry of Home Department .,. 156 1,411 Ditto Public Instruction ... 3 11 Ditto Grace and Justice ... 59 927 Ditto Finance Department 3 2,017 Commerce and Trade ditto 1 61 PubHc Wlorks. 2 100 Ministry of War -0 Ds Police ... ... .... 2 40 243 5,059 The salaries of l ecIlesiastis amountto 190,316scudi; ditto to laymen 1,186,194 scudi. The above are offices for temporal affairs, but laymen are also admitted to offices for ecclesiastical affairs. Ecclesiastics. Laymen. Santa Inquisitione . 2 0 Vista Apostolica .77 7 Propaganda Fide - 4 0 68 Roverenda :Fabrica di S. Pietro 3 87 Apostolic Chancery... ... 4 60 Secretaryship of Briefs ... 4 013 Papal Boll Registry-office (Da- teria)-.. ..9. .. 9 5 The salaries amonut to 36,120 scudi for ecclesiastics; and 61, 836 scudi for laymen. These facts were compiled from official lists, and their accuracy miglht, therefore, be relied upon. Improvements were going on in the different departments of the Government, and would continue to progress if hon. members wvould have the good sense and judgment not to hold language in that house calculated to excite the revolutionary party in Pome, and to leacl them_to baelieve t_h'a_t EnugIa-n' wouild stand forward to assist their views. Such language only prevented the Government from making the improvements which they desired to effect. The people of the Roman States were very lightly taxed, much more lightly indeed than our own. tewas told to look at Sardinia. But lion. members would not be so fond of Sardinia if Sardinia had not Pillaged the Catholic church, and if the Government ha not committed acts which would not be tolerated in this country if directed against the established churchacts which struck at the very principle of property, and which no Minister in his senses would so much as venture to hint atinthat house. And yet these measures were applaudedby men who were blinded by their hostility to the Catholic church. Threats were heard against the spiritnal as well as the temporal authority of the Holy See. He told lion. members that those tlhreats were vain and harmless. People had often said, "We have seen the last of the Popes." But the Papal throne still remained unshaken. Pius VI, was taken prisoner by Napoleon, and died in captivity; another Pope was elected. When Pius VII. wvas also dethroned and taken prisoner people again said he would be the last of the Popes, bht he returned to Rome as great aud as powerful as- ever. Wbatever hopes hon. memters might form in this respect they would find to be delu- sive. Ile could not sit down without referring to the arrogant and imperi6us tone which was occasionally heard bothin that house and out of it with regard to the Holy See and thc atholic Church. WhetherthesubjectwereMa nooth or the ecclesiastical titles, or the oath of abjuration, the same tone of contempt was heard against the Sovereign Pontiff, and the church of which he was the head. They were about to carry to the foot of ths Throns their congratulations thit the Mtinistry had concluded a safe and honourable peace; Wht had tey got by thewar and the peaces2 They be. lieved they had maintained the integrity of Turkey; but. )me douzbtedi tbJls for he regarded Turkey as only agalvalin corpse. Equality between Turks and Christians would be the.destruetion of that co.untry. As long as there existed a domnuant class thereTnrkey wasTurkey, but the Sultanhad put the Christians on the same footing as the rest, andTurCeyas nowno longer Turkey. He believed that the Tarkish donmironswvouldgotouieces. What-woildbecomeoftheframents he kneiw not, but Tiirkey, iiitsd' df ore miaster,lis tow got.five; They had, besides, humbled the power of the greatest enemy of the Roman Catholic Church. They had sentthe persecntor of the- uns of 31insk and the destroyer of the Oatholic Church bf Polmil to the grave-withl a brok=en heart. They had broken the prestige of Russia;- they 'had punished the great p)ersecutfor of the Catholic Cburch; and theybad thus performed their task awsan instrument in'the hands of Divine Providence, -"Hgotai sencefe ceefesioe h-u;niliare.', " MSr. BE2NTINCE, :<while attaching~ great wveight to the objections rged by his noble friend (Lord J. Manners), thought the Eouse would act most unfairly in nowv nraHe had0 a opinionl adverse to the treaty. (Hear, hear.) Healwslrys considered the psescut House of Conmnons respoonsible to the country for this wsar and its consequences. The present House had. tolerated the existence of the late Government, better~ known-as the Coalition Government. To that Gtovernment snod its wait of energy the w;ar was owing, and he thought that, comlsdering the conduct of that Governmnent, the. House. might fairly congratulate itself upon thse terms of thie treaty, and upon having, in popular language, "(Jot pretty well out of the scrape.?': But there wvas one fexception whilch more ~than counterbalanced all zthe advantages of the most favoarable treaty. He referred to the second and third articles in the declaration respecting mar,itime war, w,hich had already hien~eferred to by the hon- and learued- member for 'Tavistock. The on,ly objection to the udditionl which that hon. nriember' had moved to the address w as that it did not go farther, and that it did not express rwith 'sufficient force the 'objections niot only -to the declaration, hut also -to the manner .in which; it hadr been brought abont with-. out consulting Parliament or! the country.' It appeared to hiy (Mlr. Bentinck) that the stinulation whichhad bcen made i.n these second and third7art;cles would he fatal to 73ngland asi a maritime Pow,er, so far as rconcerned her ability to carr on agg*ressive wtarfare against another country. At wvas universally adumitted. that the jresults of ,a w ar and the detai7s of n treaty of peace depended more on the financial.positions of the belligerent countries tl:an upon the succescs or failure of naval and military operations. Howr, then;, w.as it possible that a war should ever be brought .to a termination if all countries, mnore especially Englanid, vere to be ivithiheld from destroying the foreign commerce, -and thus injuring t.he fuinaices of an antagonist 1 The same principle wYhich wvould apply to naval would apply- also to militarg ' operationsaccording to that -now put forward, if a tow were invested writhai viewz to its reduction by famine, the people of a neutral country mnight bring provisions and place them in such a situlation that the garr'ison miught, by a |sallyor other means, obtain possession of them. The principle wYhich applied to a neutral's ship would equally protect his east or waggon. The proper rule on whEich to act was, that from the moment that any neutral State wvas emuployed in carrying anything wYhisk enabled a Pow.er engaged in active warfare to protract hostilities, it ceased to be entitled to the designation of aneutral, because it had then very probably taken a more active, although a lessostensible share in the vwar than if it had sent an army into the field. Such had been exactly the position of Prussia during the late war. If this principle applied to other countries it had tenfold force with regard to Enlgland, a marit-ime nation, the only means of aggresson of which weas the destruction of the commerce of the nation wit.h which it was at vwar. To shnow what was the opinion of t.he English Government upon this subject in the year 1812, the hon. member quoted from a pamphlet in w1hich there o^curred thne followng passage: "The enemay requires that we should recognise as a principle, that the goods of an enemyunader a neutral flag should. be treated as neutral goods, and that the goods ofc a neutral under a hostile flag should be treated as enemy's goods. Byv these demands the enemy requires that Great Britain and all civilized nations should at his pleasure renounce the natural and incontestable rights of war-that Great Britain in particular should surrender all the advantages of her naval superiority." That Was exactly, the opinion which he (Mr. Bentinck) wished to express to the House. 'To having acted upon the principle now sought to be established, it wFas that wre must attribute the long continuance of the late wvar. Hlad vve given notice to Russia that we should insist upon our right of search, and should take means effectually to destroy her foreign commerce, there would probably have been no w;ar at alL. So long as we had the commanad of the sea, wve could at any time-to use the wrords of the hon. member for the West Riding (Mr. Cobden), w7hom he regretted that he did not xee in his place-crumple up Russia like a sheet of paper, but this we could only do by thle exercise of our maritimne power. To confirm his views upon the sulbject, the hon. member read two extracts-one from a letter written by a British officer in the Black Sea in July, IS54, who said that the only effect of our blockade in that quarter had been to prejudice ourselves by throvving the trade into the hands of the Danes, the Dutch) and the Hlanoveriens;- and the other from a German newvspaper of great circulation, w;hich wvas supposed to occupy the position of a bystander, in whichl it wvas said that that Rtussia had to fear froma England and F;rance was, not the overthrow of her armnies and navies, hut the destruction of her commerce. The maintenance of the right of search, or of seizre, as it w ould more properly be called, had been chiefly opposed by those hon. gentlemen who were connected with the manufacturing interest, and the ground which they had always taken wvas that, if we were to persevere in thle assertion of this right, it w ould involve us in a wvar with the IEJnited States. He was far from wishing to detract from the great importance of the manufacturing interest, hut it was not fair that the ancient rights of the country should be abandoned for the interest merely of one branch of the commerce of the country; and, as for the fear of a war, he felt convinced that the Americans vrere far too shrewvd and calculating a nation ever to make a ccsus be27i of the affirmation on our part of a firmu determination to maintain that right. He greatly regrettedL therefore, the false, step which our plenipotentiary had made in Paris. Could we be placed once more in the position which we occupied before this declaration wvas made, even by pouring forth a"ain all the blood and.tre.asure which had been expended in-the war, it would be the best bargain which this country had ever made; and unless some steps were speedily taken to reverSe the fatal policy which had been adopted by the Government in this respect the consequence must he most disastQrous to the fnture welfare of this country. 3Mr. CADWE3LL said, that he joined with such cordial satisfaction in the terms of the address to the Crownu that he should have been perfectlyready to give a silent vote in favour of it if it had not been forthe topic introduced wiith great ability by his lion, and learned friend behind him, and followed up by the hon. gentleman wrho last spoke. Hie felt, therefore, that it was in some deg,ree incumbent upon himl to address a fevv words to the House on that subject, having had, at the commencement of the war, in a particular manner-, the duty of carrying into effect some. of those regulations which the lion, gentleman had so pointedly objected to; and lie should begin by making to his lion. and learned friend the fullest admlission possible that what he had contended for had been up to the present tinile the undisputed and indisputable international law. If that lawv had been otherivise,the value of the stipulationin the treaty, now first given on the part of England at the Congress of Par-is, would vanish. It was because the law existed in that objectionable state, and solely and ex;clusively on account of the great weight of this country alone throwvn into the scale of hostile operations against peaceful commerce, that itwas an event, in one way or other, of nosmall importance that the authority of England had for the first time in historybeen given to the principle for which be contended, and against which his hon. and learned friend writh so much ability had argued. The short protocol referring to the point contained three most import.ant propositions. By article 4, which he would begin with, because it involved theleast controversy, paper blockadesv,ere declared to be blockades: no longer to be enforced. That was no addition to the existing international law, for it was the law at the present moment; huat be thought that the House would feel, looking back to the early portion of this century and recollecting the signal manner in whEich that clear principle of international law wasinfringed both by England and F?rance, and the deplorable consequences to both countries which followed, that it was a wrise and judicious act on the part of the plenipotentiaries of France and E3ngland, upon closing a war in which they had been engaged not as antagonists, but as allies, te place for ever on record their joint opinion thal that principle of international law should hencefortl be firmly maintained and never infringed. (Hear, hear,., He now camne to the grent point of controvecrsy-wvhetbe: free ships ought to make free goods, and here he would make to his non, and learned friend .another admission, 'which probably his hon. friend would consider a great one. Hle acknowledged that this was a considerable concession On the part of bellgerent Powers, and necessarily operated thec most with regard to the country most powerful at sea; but towhom andto what wasit a concession? Itwas not a. con cession toRussiaor to France,but it was a concession tothose universal principles of humanity and justice which even more than her maritime greatness had achieved for Great Britainher paramount positionin theworld. (Hear.) Let the House regard this question not exclusively from- the position of a belligerent Power, but also from the position of a neutral Power. How great an injury necessarily followeed to neutrals from the strict enforcement of the present maritime law of wvar I When the ports of Russia were bloel-aded a great injury was necessarily inflicted on all those whose shipping was accustomed to resort to those ports, though they were totally uninterested in the quarrel going on; and the exercise of belligerent rights, tempered and modified as theymight be, must necessarily constitute a great restriction on the privileges which the neutrals enjoyed in a time of peace. They had then a fair right to denmand that the infringement of. the privileges and advantages enjoyed by them in time of peace should not, through the. effect of martial policy, be carried further than -was absolutely necessary consistently -with the exigencies of war. (Heir, hear.) His hon. and learned friend said that the only circumstance which tended to break down the force snd effect of the vigorous blockade established against the Russian ports in the Baltic was the facility afforded of carring Rian goods by Prussian 3ailway to the sea, and thus en,abling them to form Dart of the general commerce of the world. He granted that; but if the rigid rule had been in force the door would have been opened nearly, if not quite as wide as before; for what would have boeen more obvioens thanto transfer the goods in the port to a Prussian, and then export them in his mame? It was unnecessary for him to detail the numerons evasions, which would have been practised, for it would ob. viously have _been easy to find means through the ports of Prussia to defeat the law, if attemnated to be enforced with all the strictnesscontended for. (Hear, hear.) Tho hon. gentlemnan whi 1iut sat down likened this to the case cf a
LONDON, WBDRESDAY, MAY 7, 1856. -W In the House of Lords yesterday, The Lo0B CnA?rEuoR moved the second reading of the County Courts Act Amendment Bill. The measure remedies the defects in the present act, pointed out in the report of the commissioners. It is proposed to pay the salaries of the County Court i%Judges, and provide buildings out of the Consolidated Fund; by this plan only half the amount now raised in fees (278,0001.) wil in future belevied in thatmanner. The salaries of the Judges are to be fixed at 1,2001. per anum, the LoBD CHAIrCELLOR considering that amount sufficient; but those now receiving 1,5001. are to have that amount secured to them; actions may be, as now, brought in the County Courts without limitation of the amount sued for, but defendants are to have the power of stopping the action and removing it to a superior court; if a party does not there recover 201. damages, he is not to be-allowed costs. He proposed that the House should go into committee on the bill after the holydays. Lord COA'nxBEu condemned the unlimited extension of the powers of the County Courts; he hoped the Lord CxAxczLLon would reconsider this clause, and abide by the recommendation of the coammissioners, which in this point he had departed from. Lord BuouiGnsa said this was actually the law at present; actions could be brought without limitation, if both parties consented; by the proposed biU that consent would not be required; but power to stop the proceedings was given to the defendant. The commissioners were nearly equally divided on the recommendation. After a few words from Lord Sr. Lpo ARDs and Lord BENwmRs, the bill was read a second time. Lord ST. LExNoARDS made a statement correcting a misconception that prevailed as to the origin of t,he Chancery Reform Bills, by which the Masters in Charncery were abolished. The credit of preparing those biUls had been given to the lateLord TunoR; but he aflirmed that they were both drawn up by himself and passed during the Administration of Lord DERBY. The House then adjourned. In the House of Commons the adjourned debate upon the treaty of peace was resumed by Mr. W. S. LiNDsAY, who said he differed from both Lord J. M1Aimms and Lord C. HAsENLTON, feeling bound to say that the treaty afforded grounds of joy and satisfaction, and- that it accomplished the objects we had in going to war. The 7th article alone, which guaranteed the independence of Tarkey, in his opinion, secured the main object, and altogether the treaty had obtained, he said, a great deal more than he had in viewv when we enraged in the war. He paid a warm tribute to Lord PAirnEsioN for the distinguished part he had taken in the conduct of the war. MIr. R. P=HLioE, who had give notice of an amendment to the Address, expressing the regret of tle House that the immemorial and undoubted belligerent right of the Citoww to capture enemies' goods in neutral ships should have been renounced without an opportunity having been afforded to Parliament of expressing its opinion upon so grave and extensive an alteration of public and international law, urged, first, the importance of this subject; secondly, his strong conviction of the great sacrifice of maritime rights, unquestioned for 400 years, wvhich Great Britain had made by the renunciation; and, lastly, that such a question, not generally understood, ought to have been debated inParliament; because it was impossible to deny that the principle of the renunciation extended to the right of search and the capture of contraband goods. ie insisted that reason, custom,and authority justified the retention of these maritime riglhts, which had been parted with, he said, without the House and the country being aware of the importance of the sacrifice. The Marquis of GRANnY thought that the treaty, as a whole, contained as much as we had a right to expect, and that it was one which the people of this country would accept. We could look back, he said, with satisfaction, and with confidence to the futiure that the peace would be a lasting one. MIr. S. HEBERnT observed that what the House had to consider was-first, did the treaty obtain the objects for wvhich we originally commenced the war; secondly, did it bear a just relation to the degree of success we had obtained in the war; and, lastly, was the moument the best chosen at whvich to conclude the peace? With resPect to the last point, if the great objects of the war had been attained, the carrying it on for the purpose of fturther successes wa.:s, he said, op?posed to the laws of GOD and mai, andl would be sure to meet with I retribution. But he argued that since the fall of Sebastopol, owing to circumt-ances, furbher mili'try triumphs wvere improbable. Reverting to the first point, he was of opinior that the neutralization of the Black Sea was not the Dolicy, of a greaA ltuaria`1e Pkowir ; but it wa-s alter all, Oily limitation under another na:ne. A, to the Oircas. sian forts, he did not agree that we were bound by engagements with SCIAMYL to insist upon their destruction. ScHAMYv was not a Circassian; he bad no relations with Circassia, and he had done nothing for us, except a rama upon some Russlan ladie3. Looking at what we had got, was the House, he asked, prepared to go on with the war for that object, pernaps without our <allies? Hea thought that by the non-insertion of thq hatti-sheliff relating to the Chritians in the treaty more ground had been lost than gained. Still, looking at the general result, there was reason for sincere congratulation. The great bubble of Russian invincibility had collapsed; we had secured the main objects of the war, anid on the last point he considered that the terms of the peace were fully commensurate with the success of our arms. If he made any exception, it was the discussion in -the protocols of the internal and domestic affairs ofother nations not present at the Conference, the policy and the justice of which ho condemned. - Mr. DxummoND considered it a great misfortune that in this debate so many great questions were mixed up together, whereby some were slurred over. Having touched upon the subject last alluded to by onr. S. HEisBFRT he diverged into a discuzsion of one of his favourite topics,-priestly dominatiori, urging the paramount necessity of putting an end to ecclesiastical power throughout Europe. M1r. BowyxR, in replying so Mr. DRtmmoNsS assault upon priests, expressed his surprise at it, since he had umderstood, he said, that that gentleman was himself a priest, and something more, in his own conuinunion. Dilating upon the subject of Italy, he complained of the invectives -nd denunciations of lr. LA£ALD and Lord J. RussEsz, which were calculated, in his opinion, to keep up the agitations of the revolutionary party, andc stated the circumstances which he considered rendered foreign occupation necessary. After ranging over a great variety of topics, he bestowed a very few remarksupon the treaty, which, he believed, instead of securing the integrity of Turkey, had merely galr 'vanized a corpse, while we had humbled the greatest enemy and persecutor of the Romish Church. Mr. BE;NTINCK, adverting to the 2d and 3d articles of the declaration in the protocol of the 8th of April, on the subject of neutrals in timne of war,that the neutral flag covers enemy's goods, except contraband of war, and that neutral goods, withthe same exception, are not liable to capture under an enemy's flag'-contended that they would disable us from carrying on successfully a future war. He deeply lamented a sacrifice that would impair, in his opinion, the maritime superiority of England. MIr. CALILDWEa joined with such cordial satisfaction in the terms of the Address that he should have been ready to give his silent vote for it had it not been for the topics introduced by M,r. R. PXi- roxE. ' He admitted his interpretation of interational law. If the law were otherwise, the value of the stipulations respecting neutrals would vanish. It was the weight and authority of England alone that had maintained that law, and it was of no small importance that that weig,ht and authority had been given for the first time to these stipulations. The great controversy respected the doctrine that free ships oug,ht to make free goods, and he ag,reed that the concession we had made upon this point was a considerable one ; but it was not, he observed, made to Russia, nor even to France; it was made to the universal interests of humanity and of justice to neutrals. There was, however, another valuable stipulation,-that which abolished privateering ; and if the other concession had been a sacrifice on our pait, this would, he argued, confer a great advantage upon this country, and, upon the whole, he believed that we should be great gainers by avoiding hereafter wars into wvhich a rigid enforcement -of these malitime rights wouild lead us. MIr. S. FrrzGoERAD willingly admitted that there were circumstances connected with the peace which the country could not look at with satisfaction. The treaty did not, in his view, fulfi two most important objects of the war,-that relating to the Christian population of Turkey and the destruction of the preponderance of Russia in the Black Sea. As the matter stood, Russia might possess an unlimited number of transports and of gunboats, which might carry a lsarge force from the Sea of Azoff, or even from Sebastopol, to Constantinople. He could not, therefore, say that the treaty "fully accomplished the great objects for which the war was undertal;en." Mlr. M. GrasoN cordially concurred in the course pursued by the Government in respect to maritime law, but he feared the stipulation for the abolition of privateering would not be adopted by another great maritime nation, unless the principle was carried further, and robbery of merchant vessels by ships of war on the high seas was abolished. With respect to the treaty, he was prepared to assent to the tern " honourable" applied to the peace, understandingtherebyno more tliana formal phrase ;but it was something more definite to say that tle objectsof the war had been fully accomplished. Having been nil along opposed to the policy of the war, he felt a dificulty in saying this, and if he did it was in this sense,-that, having been informued that the war had been commenced to obtain from Russia certain concessions, called the four points, he was inclined to admit that that object had been accomplished, and that the treaty did incorporate the Austrian solution of the four points. He made certain reservations; he disputed the policy of binding this country to guarantee the independence and integrity of Turkish rule, which could not be done unless we were willing to assume the right of interfering in the internal afluairs of the empire, and see the new firman carried out with more sincerity than a preceding hatti-sheriff. He believed that if we proclaimed to the world that we meant to maintain Turkish rule over a Christian population we should drive that population to Russia for protection, and enable her to exercise a great moral influence over Turkey in Europe. Referring to the discussions in the Conference concerning fGreece and Italy, he was, he said. ag.inst the system of crusading against abuses and misgovernment in other countries. We should, in his opinion, do more to forward the cause of liberty and recommend free institutions by attending to our own domestic affairs, and raising the moral and physical condition of our own population. Mrr. WHTusraDE observed that there were points involved in the question connected -with the treaty and the protocols,-such as Circassia, the press of Belgium and Italy,-v,hich could not be disposed of by an incidental discussion, and he reserved the right of debating themu hereafter. Mr. GLADsTowit, after remarking that the imnmediate question before the House, between the original and the amended Address, was not a broad one, said he regarded the peace as an hononrable one, because the objects of the wrar had been obtained; but, if lie thought that the treaty bound this country, as Mr. Gilsox supposed, to maintain the existing institutions of Turkey, he should not be able to express his satisfaction with it, far less his joy. But the guarantee of the independence and integrity of Turkey wvas not to be regarded as a permanent settlement of the internal state of Turkey ; its object was to secure her against foreign aggression. The general benefit achieved for Europe by the war was flr more extended than any stipulation that could be put upon paper. The war had been a moral demonstration to almost the whole of Europe, and had inprinted upon Russia the great lessonthat her attemnpts at aggrandizement werematters for the consideration of Europe, and such as to nctke it the duty of Europeto unite all its energies for their suppressio(n. H e reviewed in succession the stipulations respecting the Principalities, the neutnization of the Black Sea,which he thought not fren from pitfalls, and the privleges of the Chfistian subjects of Turkey, oberving that these matters were small in comparison with others embraced in tlhe protocols,-the change operated in internaticoal maritimelaw,the proposition made by Lord Crm.xamDON, and accepted by the other Plenipotentiaries, to refe. dispttes between nations to arbitration, -which might lead to the diminution of the enxrmous cost of mnilitary establishments,-and the inportant declarations in the protocols regra"ding Naples, llme, and Belgium. He did not knew, he said, what wzas the value of these declarations, how far they approached the character of engagements, -for engagements -they were not,-or what they were. The iu.,ot lIressiing of the questions arising out of these declhtrattiuns concerned the press of Belgium; and this part of the protocol of the 8th of April, he said, required explanation. The propositions, that t-here was an uncontrolled license of the press il Belgium, thht it wvas greatly abused, and that a t remedy was levezsary, were of a most formidable klind, and tou.:hed us very nearly, for Ceunt I WAiEwsin treatj d the matter as one of European interest. Be denied the charge mnade both sgauiat
The House of Commons has not failed to profit by the opportunity which the recent Treaty affords for a discussion, or, more properly spealing, for a discrsus. It is seldom that such an occasion offers itself. From time to time a fortunate member nelcomes the rerbidical return of his pet subject, and delivers limself of his favourite oration, but it is seldom that such a multitude of subjects is presented at once to the different tastes and predilections of members as by the debate of the two last nights. There were the great questions of war and peace for the general politician, the state of Turliey for tne sentimental philanthropist, the state of the Christians in Turk;ey for the sentim3ental religionist, the opening of the Danube and the Black Sea for the non-sentimental commercialist, -the neutralization of the Black Sea for the political sceptic or the political optimist, the conduct of Austria for pessimist or optimist, as the case niight 'be ; the concession to neutral ships for the Peace CongTess and the Manchester school; and all these subjects together for the Irish members. And, as if alL these together were not sufficient for one night and one debate, M1r. Drtumo_ND volunteered a raz/ia into the territory of ST. PETErz, and scalped the POPE, Cardinals, and priests in general, for the especial edification of MVr. BowvmEp,. All this was just as might have been expected. Talse any number of intelligent men, and set them dow-n in a room to discuss the Treaty, -and the odds are, that instead of a debate either upon one or two of its articles, or on all its articles seriatbit, you would elicit a category of individlual opinions very like those enunciated last might. Mir. Pnsrmorms speaks the sentiments of mnany persons out of the Admiralty Court, and of many in it, when he condemns the waiver of a preregative which England has, in common with eveiy maritime nation, hitherto exercised without controversy, and almost without remcnstrance. WVe acknowledge, with Mr. PHis- usrore, that to England this waiver is more momentous than to any other nation, but we believe that the greater portion of intelligent Encglishmen will acquiesce in a concession vwhich, while it accords with the hiumaner feelings of the present age, does not only surrender the power of injiuing the conmierce of other neutral States, but also saves our own vast mercantile marine from siffering a similar injury in any European war. We suspect that the Marquis of GB PNcy will .find few persons to concuir with him in the opinion -that alL that -the Christians in Turkey have gained by the Treaty of Peace they would have gained Without the intervention of war. This, we imagine, -will be generally regarded as a new view of modern history, and not a very true one. Whether they will actually obtain all that the Hatti-Scheriff professes to give them may be in some degree questionable; but we think few persons can doubt that whatever boon is accorded to Christians at all will be accorded to Christians of every form of faith and every existing church that may take up its sajourn in Turkey, and we submit to Lord GnAiisy that the paternal intentions of the late CZAR would not have comprehended so wide a scope of benevolence as this. With IVr. SIDNEY HuBERTus's criticism, or rather eulogy upon Lord RAGLAS', we have little to do. Lord RAGLAN was a most brave, gallant, courteous, and courtly gentleman ; capable of conciliating respect by the dignity, and esteem by the affability, of his demeaoiour-a man whom it was iipossible for his friends not to love. But we -need here say the less of his qualifications as a General, as they could hardly be supposed to have had much influence on the war as it was conducted, or the peace as it was concluded after his decease. On the observations made by MIr. S. HRBZnRT respecting the subordinatien of theEinglish movements to those of the French army there is so general and concurrent an opinion in England that we need not repeat it here ; while of his criticism respecting the military errors conunitted by the. allies, or the delay that saved Nicholaieff, we wil only observe that, whatever truth it may contain, it certainly required no small audacity in a member of the Peelite section to criticize any military errors and any military mismanagement at all. Nor do we think that many persons will be found ready to share the opinion of Mr. GLADSTONE, that the "limita" tion " proposed by the Vienna Conference, with its prospect of provocations and collisions, was preferable to the " neutralization" sanctioned by the Paris Congress; and perhaps as few will agree with hnim in thinling that the alliance of foreign Powers is to be purchased by a discreet suppression of English opinion upon all foreign policy and institutions whatever. In fact, wO believe that Lord PALMERSTON'S Government carries with it the assent of the majority of the people to his assertion that the wtain objects for which we entered on the war have been attained. They may not have been attained exactly in the wvay that would have best satisfied our own vanity and our own anticipations. We would gladly have associated the . triumph of the English arms and the display of the English flag with the success that heralded the peace. But what we fought for,- that we have achieved. We fought to wrest Turkey from the grasp of one already too powerful State, and to prevent her-helpless in herself-from becoming an effective instrument of the ambition of others. We have rescued her. Instead of being subject to one nation, she is under the common protectorate of four nations. We desired to open the Black Sea to the commerce of Western Europe. It is opened. We desired to open the Danube. That, too, is opened. We desired to obtain equal rights for all Christian subjects of the PORTE. These have been granted. Having obtained these things, we prefer sheathing the sword to risking the peace of Europe and the solidity of a prized alliance by the continuance of a struggle for which we had made preparations without example, and from which wve might now have expected to reap glory without alloy. Will the people of England begrudge to the moderation of its Government that praise which the House of Commons has willingly granted, and which foreign and rival nations have not refused ?
The war which has just concluded began with narrow means for the attainment of a certain limited object. When 10,000 Englishmen were to be sent out to strengthen the representations of their Government as to the evacuation of two distant provinces the world hardly felt that a crisis in European history was at hand, and that a new epoch was about to succeed to the reign and principles of the Holy Alliance. Yet, few can now doubt that, not only in the East, but universally, a new and happier system has received the sanction of national opinion. Partly through necessity, partly from experience of past failure and dread of- further disquiet, even absolute Governnients are not unwilling to concede something to the demands of right and justice. The pressure of class on class, of nation on nation, is found to produce an equilibrium too imstable for a prudent statesman to trust, and even a courtier who knows nothing in a State but the Sovereign and his soldiers is not unwilling that they should refrain from the excesses of power, in order to retain its more legitimate exercise. The sentiments respecting Italy expressed throughout the recent debate by every speaker except Mr. BoI3ER agree with what Englishmen in general have felt for years, yet they are not the less strange in the mouths of politicians who have held and who once more expect office. Three years since they would have met even in our own Parliament with indig,nant denunciation. They are revolutionary, they fail in proper respect for crowned heads, they are calculated to encourage discontent with established government and venerable privileges. A few years since, when the failures of 1848 were fresh-when the power and moderation of the late CZAR were a theme for eloquence to politicians in every capital-when the unfitness of continental nations for liberty, and even their unworthiness of guarknteed law, were everywhere urged, how much caution was necessary in criticizing the acts of his Holiness the POPE and his Majesty the King of the Two SIcLIEs ! But people now feel that they have been diplomatic and respectful long enough. For 40 years Europe has bent to power, until its partisans at length proceeded almost to doify it and pronounce all remonstrance a blasphemy. But a great tempest has cleared the atmosphere. We have not so far shed our blood in vain. Tne convulsion wlich has shaken Europe and tried the strength of the proudest empires will sweep away the languor and the infirmity of purpose which were spreading over Europe. We now feel the >wrongs of those who have been complaining for so many years, and, what is more, we feel our own strength to redress them. There are few who do not know something of the state of Italy; but the truth is probably beyond the belief even of those best acquainted -with the peiinsula, for things are in constant progress from bad to worse, and the portent of yesterday is the unregarded occurrence of to-day. Some facts have been mentioned in the discussion, and hnmdreds of others might be related equally strange and appalling. What, indeed, is the state of the Papal provinces-the heart of Italy, the patrimony of the Church, the religious centre of many great nations, a soil venerable from the deeds of antiquity, and famous even for the genius of modern times? A feeble prelate, placed on a throne wlliclh he is iuifitted to fill, nominally rules this unhappy region. He cannot leave his palace vithout hearing the dismal cries and looking on the moody faces of those over wlhom it is asserted that GOD has given him a double charge. The northern provinces of his dominion are occupied by Austrian troops. The people of the Legations have a recollection of better times and juster laws, for even conscriptions, which hurried them to fight a great conqueror's battles everywhere, fromn Lisbon to Moscow, were not so grievous as the deadly oppression under which they now groan. They are imprisoned without trial by an Austrian police. They are shot without crime by Austrian courts-martial. The privacy and honour of their families are at the mercy of Austrian commandants. Law is suspended when it comes in contact with Austrian military rule, and the people suffer from the strangely combined evils of despotism and anarchy. To make the injustice more deeply felt, they have to pay for the occupation which oppresses them. The expenses of the Austrian regaiments are borne by the districts in which they are quartered. Rome itself is in the hands of the French, and, though these latter troops are far from. committing similar excesses, and rather supply the place of an efficient police for the city, yet, now that nearly seven years have elapsed since their first entry, it must be felt that the time has come when so exceptional - a condition of things should have its close. Naples, though under a still more degrading Government,- is perhaps less to be pitied, as its people have not the aspirations -of their fellow Italians. But Sicily, ruined and oppressed, asks for a deliverer. Cruelty, the resut of fear, fills the prisons of the Two Sicilies; the miserable Ki-xo, like a degenerate TmrBms, was lately hastening from place to place, from vague disquiet or fear of danger; the police is allpowerful, mercenary, and remorseless; the priesthood is what it has always been. The Mlilanese and Venetian provinces, though part of the Austrian empire, we must not be induced by any false delicacy to sever fron Italy. All the evils which foreign rule brings with it-iDsolence on the one side, bitter heartburnings on the other, wanton and wholesale arrests, delation, forfeitures, long and unjust imprisonments, sentences out of proportion [to the offence committed-prevail in the regions which are subjected to German sway. Indeed, Italy cries aloud to all men who have eyes, hearts, and imaginations to see and feel for- the wrongs of humanity. Compared with this enduring and organized oppression, what are the sufferings even of the Rayah from outbursts of Mussulman violence, or the subjection of the Russian serf, who has neitlier memory nor anticipation of anything differing from hiis present lot? The remonstrances of Lord Cr&EDoN- before the Conference, the representations of the Sardinian Plenipotentiary, the universal feeling of England, and the goodwill of the French Government, give hopes at last that this reign of evil is about to be brought to a close. It remains to take active measures for carrying out what the whole wvorld feels must be done. The late Conference was a Congress of nations, with the same moral right of interference as that which met at Vienna 40 years ago. All distinction of Eastern and Western affairs should be disregarded by earnest and patriotic statesmen. It seems to us that the proper course to pursue would be that Great Britain and her allies should require that, after a certain date, all foreign soldiers should evacuate the peninsula. All futuro occupations should be equally prohibited. .Europe should no longer consent to this system of States protected by foreign arms. As in India, such a guarantee to a faithless and wicked sovereign leads him to contemn the natural demands of his people, secure that resistance to his tyranny will be at once crushed by the power of foreign bayonets. There is in every independent community a limit to oppression. Even a worm will turn, and the most facile and enervated race will some day rise against the prolonged abuse of rdlers. But where the tyrant can call in foreign help this natural check ceases to exist, and the people is indeed in evil case. If, however, it be beyond our strict right to interfere ourselves, we may yet determine that no one elso shall interfere. We may demand that Pope and Cardinal, King and Camarilla, shall deal unaided with their own people, and that if Italy rejects them brute force shall not carrv them back in triumrnh
Sir RiciAiD AIitEY a nay thank his fortune that Colonel TuLrocn's health has fairly broken down under the fatigue and anxiety of the protracted inquiry at Chelsea. In consequence of this lucky accident the galant General will have it all his own way. He can make his own statements, call his own witnesses, put to them whatever questions he pleases, and dismiss them when their testimony -iay be troublesome or adverse to his interests. It might, perhaps, have been better had it been so throughout, for, while Colonel TuxaLocH was there as counsel -for, the prosecution-as crossexaminer-or call his; ofice by what. name you will-there was a feeling abroad that the weight of a judicial proceeding should be attached to the Chelsea inquiry. At present General AIREY'S case, as presented by himself, can only be taken for just as much as it is worth-that is to say, for General AIBEY's view of his own conduct, supported by the testimony of his own private friends, and of the officers who would be directly responsible, did he not shield them by taking al responsibility upon himself. It might, we say, have been better had this been so throughout ; for the self-imposed task of Colonel TuLLocH was above the measure of any man's strength. He found himself by the force of circumstances invested with the functions of public prosecutor. As public prosecutor, his duty was to conduct the cases against four officers in high military station. The truth, if attainable at all, was to be wrung from very reluctant lips, for with one or two exceptions every witness who has been under examination came before the Court for the e.xpress purpose of whitewashing the officers accused. It was only by the stringency of cross-examination, or by their own blunders and self-contradiefions-as in the case of Sir EDMIUxD LyoNs-that a real knowledge of the facts could be derived from these witnesses. We are, of course, far from saying that they intended in all instances to deceive the Court. Lords LucAs and CARDIGw, no doubt, really believe that they accomplished all that military genius could accomplish for the safety of the cavalry, and so on of the gentlemen who came forward more specifically as witnesses. But for Colonel Turaocn's cross-examination Lord LuCAN might at the present moment stand before the world free from aU blame, and bending under the weight of his laurels. The process, however, of eliciting truth under such circumstances is so laborious, it requires so much attention and anxiety-not to say -uch long experience,-that it would have taxed to the utmost the ingenuity of four of our leading counsel, backea with appropriate assistance, to bring it to a successful issue. Despite of the light which has been thrown by Colonel ThLLocn's unwearied efforts upon the cases of Lords LucAu and CARDIGAN it might, perhaps, have been better for the cause of justice and for the public interests had he merely offered himself as a witness when caUled, and left the statements on the other side tainted with the suspicion which affects ea parkte allegations. In that case the minutes of the Chelsea inquiry would simply have been bound up with the reports of the Crimean Commissioners, and the inferences derived from a fair comparison of the conflicting statements would have constituted as near an approximation to truth as any at which we can now hope to arrive. As it is, considerable importance must be attached to the proceedings in the cases of the two Earls, whereas Sir RICHARD AiRTY is taking his pastime at Chelsea without control or curb. It would not serve any public purpose, if we were to follow Sir RIcHARD AJREy through the greater part of his flirst day's statement. 1No doubt the Commissioners were not sent out to call military officers directly to accolmt; no doubt Lord RAGLAN, General Snrrson, and Sir Wnmui~m CoDRINGTON, each in succession, would have readily endorsed certificates of character for the Quartermaster-General of the Crimean Army; no doubt, from the 25th of October until the close of the winter the army was continually engaged at one point or another; no doubt overwork and want of transport were two of the main causes which brought destruction upon our poor soldiers. It neeas not General AmLsy to tell us all this; but, at the same time, it is not a little interesting to hear from his lips that for several weeks 12,000 men were doing the work of 30,000 ;-a startling comment this upon the contradictions which were given by DIr. GLADS!Qb-1. to our oWa ztotements at the time. But, however, not to wander fromtl e pomit,- General xni-y takes credit to himself as if he were the man. of practical and energetic 'ind throughout this dismal scene. He issued requisitions for huts for 10,000 men, which were not available when wanted, as indeed General AiREY very na'ively tells us he never expected they would be. He at the latter end of November sent a requisition to England for 3,000 tents, and in the middle 'of April received a letter stating how it was that delay had occurred in sending the supply demanded. He ordered that the hides of all animals slaughtered by the Commissariat should be stored up for the purpose of roofing the huts which were not sent. He succeeded in obtaining a large supply of boards and scantling, which, for all that appears, was left at Balaklava or elsewhere -anywhere but where it was required. General A}REY, in short, in the most energetic manner, gave the Board an account of all the bubbles he blew in the Crimea, and how each in turn burst. But when we turn from the General's failures to his real achievements we confess that during the greater portion of his address, which occupied the time of the Court for nearly two days, we are wholly unable to discover what General AIREY really did to relieve the sufferings of the men, when all the regulation reeds had broken in his grasp. Plenty of notices ofi abortive schemes-plenty of reasons for not availing himself of this or of that natural expedient, mnay be found in the course of his oration; but there we stop short. Had Sir RICuARD AREY been as ingenious in assisting to remove the difficulties of the army as he is plausible in recording them, many a poor fellow who drew his last breath on that dreary plateau might now be alive to bless him for his care and forethought. By a singular inconsistency, however, which appears to have I escaped the orator's attention, the soldiers, who are at one moment represented as idestitute not only of all comforts but of all necessaries, through the inevitable force of circumstances, are the next moment brought 'upon the scene by General AmEy or his 'witnesses as revelling in every enjoyment consistent with the conduct' of a campaign. Why should rugs be distributed when it rained blanketss? The soldiers were, in fact, so particular that they objected to blankets which had been slightly stained. True, the obstinate dogs would die of cold, frostbites, and hunger, but that was from mere perverseness, just as BUmmBlE's wrongheaded patpers would die of- starvation, although that eminent parochial functionary had ji, relieved each starving man with 71b. of DTitch cheese. In the face of such moral obliquity, wiat can be done either with soldier or pauper ?
Lonton is a colonrless metropolis. It is like a landscape inl sepia, -withoutc the finish of a line engraving or the gloss of a pencil drawing. Everything matches; the houses are black, or whitybrown; the streets dirty, the sky semi-opaque, andc the clothing of the passengers dark or dusky. The very wonmen contribute little relief to the eye, from the English habit of wearing patterns, and a multitude of tints, rather than one or two contrasted colours. As to the buildings, here and there you have a few bits of red brick, but you may count them off on your fingers. There is the new church in Margaret-street, and the piers of Hungerford-bridge, and Bilingsgate-market, and a Saracenic school in Endell-street, St. Giles's, and another building of the same character near Covent-garden, and a few more. Then you have the granite colurns of the 'Carlton, and some gra-nite panels at Mr. R-pies, in Piceadilly. But the general hue of things in this metropolis is that which the ancient poets assigned to Elades, and which produced so dreary an imupression on its occupants. As for internal decoration, the lIouses of Parliament are gorgeous enough, and the merchants in the Royal-Exchange have some pretty ornaments in colour over their heads, if they have time to think of other things than business between 3 and 4. Then, the interior: of the Coal-Exchange is a very gay affair, considering the character of the traffic. So, also, is the interior of the Temple Church. But, with these and a few other such exceptions, we are so sonbre that we have little reason to talk of the drab-coloured Pennsylvanians. We have no doubt that Philadelphia, with all its straight lines and its numbered streets and avenues, is a brighter city than London. The excuse is the monstrous cloud of smoke we are always blowing, and with which we stain earth, river, and sky. We must have a stone colour or some shade of white, because as soon as it shows the dirt it can be painted again; and, even if it be dirty, it at least husbands the little light that finds its way into our streets and public buildings. In the foreign capitals the stone has a natural colour; the lichen has a natural colour; and the weather stains have something of nature about them. The three primitive colours, too, are displayed without reserve in their original purity, not only in the dresses of the common people, and even in their umbrellas, but also on the wi ndow shutters and other woodwork of the houses. But it is when you enter anY church or public building that you find yourself in a region of colours. Walls, roof, and the very floor glow with decoration. Mluch of it is dusty enough, and smoky enough; but rich colours show through the dirt. Anybody with the least knowledge of either classic or medieval architecture knows it to be as incomplete without colour and decoration as the "human form divine" or the face of nature. The modern idea of whitewashing or stone-washing everything inside and out is architectural Quakerism, with nothing to recommend it, excepting that if you are bound by the ternis of your lease to paint and wash once in four years, stone colour is the cheapest way of fulfilling the obligation, Just now, if the opportunity be not past while we are writing, we have one of the grandest opportunities of " decoration " likely to occur for we know not how many years. While the attention of the public has been concentrated on the Crimea, and only diverted by a few. noisy trifles at home, there has been rising up in a place where nobody can see it one of the finest roofns and ulnquestionably the very best dome in the world. The new reading-room of the British Museum, ingeniously constructed in the quadrangle of that building, and surrounded by magnificent corridors, is surmounted by a dome the internal diameter of which is only two feet less than that of the Pantheon. The interior of the dome of St. Paul's is about 100 feet; that of St. Peter's under 140; that of the Pantheon 144 ; and ihat of the new reading-room 142. We believe that the elevation is greater than that of the Pantheon, the lighting better, the design more iraceful, and the construction infinitely more scientific. Into that construction we need not go, because the great majority of people don't want to know how a building stands, so long as it 1ooks well and satisfies certain apparent conditions of stability. The reader henceforth, instead of being packed with two or three hundred other people in a close, dulsty apartment, without elbowroom, with a scanty supply of light only on One side, and with readers and attendant moving to and fro just before his eyes, will be seatW at a desk of his own, as wide as any gentlbeman can desire in his own library,-.4 feet 6 inehes, we believe, with a screen before his eyes., and a table at hand for the display oE the largeag maps or booss of referec&, His light Wil be from a 0.fty dome, surrounded by windows, and surmounted by a large circular light. The room will be surrounded by shelves, rising to A. considerable height, and capable of holding, we believe, 35,000 volune*, likely to be most in demand, which wiU be reached by light iron galleries, of suCh a design as not to obstruct the light from a single book, or interfema -with the general effect, at the same time that they bring every volume within reach of the librarians. This room will open all round into a circular corridor of great height, furnished in like manner, and of immense capacity, the shelves rising some thirty feet or so above the floor of the reading-room and ten feet below. Other galleries of great length, rooms of great capacity, and arrangements marking the utmost care for the wants, not only of the general class of readers, but of the most distinguished student, complete the plan of a vast edifice, which, after all, does not take away any perceptible quantity from the light of the rooms in the original structure. It has been computed that, even at the present rapid rate of increase, there is now space for books for three generations. We can answer for it, from our own inspection, that it will certainly take that time before the shelves for the London newspapers are all occupied. The whole substructure under the flooring of the dome is one vast hypocaust, or reservoir of warm air, while the space between the inner ceiling and outer brickwork of the dome isfull of flues to carry the warm air out at the circular louvre; and so ample is the space that in the coldest day, if the room by fires overnight is properly warmed in the morning, there will be a suifficient supply of warm air till the evening without either a decrease of temperature or a feeling of closeness. But it is with the proper decoration of this room that we are now concerned. There can be no doubt that, had such a room been built ei'ther in classic or in medimval times, it would have been lavishly adorned with bronzes and gilding, w"ith marbles and mosaics. It would have been made one vast receptacle of ornament. 'No doubt, too, if such a building were raised in any other Euopean capital than our own thiere would not be a square inch left without gold o'r col6ur. Yet, for the paltry saving of five or six thousand pounds, the probable cost of a sLfficiently effective decoration, the interior of this unequalled dome is to be left as Joti --less as the rotunda of the Bank. kt least, all tbat is to be attempted is to distinguish the paniels wtith a faint shade of blue, and the moulaings -with a faint shade of another colour. From the specimens cleared for view nothing can be more shadowy and cheerless. Yet the design of the ceiling, the plainness of the panels, and the shallowness of the mouldings, are aUl adapted for decoration,-that is, they would give effect to colour, and without colour be themselves ineffective. But the expense is as nothing compared with the character of a building, as the great haU of British literature and the resort of scholars from all nations. It is, too, as nothing compared with the whole cost of [the building. The reading-room,. with its cor- ridors, galleries, ' and other rooms, will cost 120,0001., and nobody who has seen it will think' the money ill-spent. Five thousand pounds is little more than 4 per cent. on the gross expencditure, and for this paltry saving it is now intended to leave this otherwise magnificent interior in a state that will make it rather a disgrace than- a credit to our country. Nor is it clear that economy is not on the side of decoration of the most gorgeolys kind. ' Gilt stands for ages, and any colour stands better than- white. Dust - atnd' stains-show upon a whitish ground,, whereas Ithey deduct little from the general effect of a rich decoration. Now, however, is the time to decide. The dome is ready for the house-painter, or the decorator, as the case may be; in a few weeks the 4,000 poles of which the immense scaffold is composed wil be cleared alway, and it may be fifty years, or more, before' they are raised again. 'When one considers how many a 5,0001. is muddled orthrown away and nobody the better for it, it does seem a very paltry saving to mark the difference between a glorious national ornament-a sight to gladden the eyes and for an Englishman to be proud of-and a huge vault that nobody will care to look twice at, except as a proof of our national imbecility and poverty of spirit. Nothing, indeed, is more disgraceful than to have a good opportunity and not to use it.
AMERICA. (BY ELEOlCTC AND INTERhNAIOhNAL TELEGRAPH.) LIVERPOOL, WEDNESDAY, 2.30 A.M. The Royal M:ail steamer Cambria has arnived with advices from New York to the 22d and Boston to the 23d ult. She bring 512,153 dollars specie on freight. The Africa arrived at New York on the 22d ult. On the 26th ult. the Cambria passed the Persia, hence for New York, in lat. 43 16 N., long. 58 W. The despatches contain no news of importance. The Yew York money-marketwas steady. Prices of stocks were dull. Exchange on England was quoted 109- to 109X; and on Paris, 5f. 16-c. The demand for cotton was active, with a finm market. No change in the value of flour. Wheat was firm, but quiet. Scotch pig iron was selling at $33 50c. to $34 at six months. Freights-To London, 2s. to 2s. Gd. per barrel for flour; to Liverpool, cotton. id. per lb.; and flour, Is. to Is. Gd. per barrel.
PARLIAMENYTARY NOTICES. ROUSE OF COMMONS. WEDNESDAY. MA 7 OrWDEr-s OF TIl MAV- sLthO s onnnustauoen Rent-chargo BiDl, -Second reading. ggrarated Assauits Bill,-aSecond reading. Carlisle Canon-nes Bilin-Second readirg. haynooth College BiDo,-Sccond reading. Slee-ing Statutes BilD,-Second retading Scientific and L;iterai-y Societiea BiDl,-Sccond reading. Supplr,-Couumittee. Says and dIeaas,{lommittee. NOTIlCE r.3O MfOTIONS. Mtr. illageire.-On mnotion for second reading of.Mfai-ooth College Bill, to mnove that it be read a second time upon this day sis months.
UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. CAmBRIDGE. rAa 6. The Norrissian Professor of Divinity gives notice that he proposes to begin his lectures in the Michaelmas term, 185l, at 12 oC'cock on Saturday, October 18, and to continue them every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday during the term. The lectures on Satnrdays will be devoted to readings. &c., of Pearson on the Crece. Those on Tuesdays and Thursdays will be the Professor's own lectures. Gentlemen who propose to attend are requested to put down their names at Messrs. Deighton, Bell, and Co.'- where a programme of the subject of each lecture may be obtained. The trustees of Crane's Charity for the Relief of Sick Scholars give notice, that they intend to meet at Trinity Lodge on Tuesday, the 20th instant, at 12 o'clock, to consider and deternine the claims of applicants for the benefit of this charity. X.B. The applications of scholars must be made by the tutors of .heir respective colleges.
Dovms, Mlay 6.-His Highness Aali Pasha andci suite arrived at Dover this afternoon by a special steamer, and, after staying at the Ship Hotel for a few hours, proceeded to London by the 7 30 p.m. train. TMm AusmAMiA M s.-The Black BO mail clipper ship Lightning, T'Kiirdie master, sailed from Tiverpool for Melbourne yesterday (Tuesday) for M,elbeurne with the bi-monthly mail, a large cargo, and nealy, 400 passengers. TE Roy.ai. AcmSr - Ex lrrio.N.-We are requested to state that the name of the axistf who has exhibited a work of sculpture entitled "Loxe," in the Exhibition, is Woolner, not Woolmer, as 3einted in the iidex of the offical catalogue. T]n BAuSD flP VICTOsIA-IPX.-It is generally understood that the band of the Tower Han-lets Militia wi). oly in Victomia-park on Sunday nelt, and an agitation neing got up at Bethiial-green to endeavour, if possih1..3 a prevent it. A circular has been issued, purporting t 0 from the churchwarden of St. Jolu's, Bethnal- - viting attendance at the parochial schools, ChuIw ro, on Thursday evening next, "to oonsider what stepscanbe taken to oppose the contemplatedplaYing O" military bana in Victoria-parlX on tho Sabbath," -
COUBT CIRCULAR. I- a-n his rod on hlajesXback Ri oyal Hig&hness the Prince Consitrt |rodeon. horsebackesterday morning, acoompanied by the Princess Royal, and .ttended by the Hon. Emily Cathcart, I Colonel the Jaon. C. i.U Phipps Mjor-Gemerilthelaon. Charles Grey,nd Captaia pa Pt. Her Royal Highness the .Duchess of Rent visited Her Majesty. Prince Arthur-and the Prisses Helena and Louisa visited the Botanical-gardens, in -i.egent'isPark- Tne Queen took a. drive in the ehljoonl 1n an OpCt cariage and four, accompanied by FAme kAtilr and the 1'incess Louisa, and .attended by the Thes, Emily crtblcart. The EquIenies in WVaiting were in attndance eov lacse- Prince Albert rode on hoznback-, atteaed by 4ryfii Dlu P1sat. Her Ifsesty gave a dinner yerty in the etaeninPg The campaay included their Royal IfignBseft wche ef Kent an& the Princess Royal, thI Duchesof SutherlanC4 the Fren-d Ambassador and the Contess de Vzigny,thd' Prussian minister and Comuntess Ber=torfE Baroit Brunou (On a special mission from the Emper.or of Russia),the EAr and Countess GranviUe, the Marquis and larch!fness of Breadalbane, Lady Anna Maria TDanon, the Eartl and Countess of Derby, the Earl of Aberdeen, the Eeil-and Countess of Clarendon, the Earl of Manesbury, the'Earl and Countess of Ellesmere, Lord and Laay Johin RuEell, Viscount Tornington, lord Corley, and thu Right Hon, jir James and Lady Graham. The band of the Grenadier Guards attended and playtd during dinner. Her Majestys private band wras in attenaance in tL& evening and performned the followring selections:- Overture Die sraut Ton mina -. . J. ] Blerton. Brindii. "TaTr&i%ta - .. .. Teid. Hungarian Idareh. Alvar. Bolero-des Vepre3 Sicfliinues. The Conntess of Gainsborougli has xucceeded the rarlchioness of Ely as the Lady in Waiting. The Earl of Caithl ness and Mr. H. Ormsby Gore haverelieved Lord Byron and Sir :. Bowater in their duties as the lord and Groom iin Waitng to Her idajesty. Lady Anna Mfaria Dawson has succeeded Lady Fanny Howiard aS Lady in Waiting to her Royal Highness the Suchess of Rent. A deputation from the Inner Temple, consisting of 3r. Whately, AMr. Roebuck, M.P., Mr. R. Hildyard, M1P., Mr. Keatia. 1U P Mlr. Warren, 23LP., Mr. Atherton, H.P.. and ';r. Briant, sub-treasurer; and a de utation from Thavies-ian, consisting of Mr. Groom, Mr. 2 el-y, Mr Foxall, Mr. Adl.ins, aud i. Mackerell; and also a depnta. tion fronm Furnival's-inn, con01Sting of Mr. Woodward; M-. Taylor, and Mr. Robert Taylor, had interviews yesterday with the Right Hon. E. P. Bonverie, at the office of the Poor Law Board, on the subject of the clauses in the Poor Law Aineundment Bill relating to ectra parochial laces. A deputation on the subject of the City of London Co ration Bill had an interview yesterday with Viscount Palmerston. The deputation consisted of the Lord Mavor, Sir James Duke, 31r. John 31asterman, I.P., the lzecorder, Alderman Wire, Alderman Cubitt, M.P., MIr. Deputy Hale, Mr. Deputy Bower, Mr. Deputy iolt, Mr. De Jersey, 1r. Deputy Dakin, 31r. John Wxood, lr. Thomas Parker, Mr. Deputy Obbard, Mr. William Jones, JMr. Blake, Mr. Vali lance, the Town-clerk, the Controller, and the Solicitor. A deputation from the Manchester Commercial Association, on the subject of the Joint-stock Companies Bill and the Partnership Amendment Bill, had an interview with Lord Stanley of Alderley and the Eight Hon. Robert LowV yesterday at the Board of Trade. The deputation consisted of Mr. W. Entwisle and MIr. Hugh Fleming. A deputation, consisting of M1r. B. Carter, chairnan, the Rev. James Carlisle, D.D., Mr. J. F. Martin, Mr. T. W. Tanner, and Mr. H. Morley, guardians of the Greenwich Union, and r. Saw, the clerk, had an interview with the light Hon. E. P. Bouverie at the office of the Poor Law Board, on the subject of the hills relating to the removal of Irish and Scotch paupoers and to v accination. A deputation from the vestry of St. George-the-Martyr Southwrk, had an interviewv with the Right Hon. Sir Benjamin Hal yesterday at the OEce of Works, White. haU place, on the subject of the Metropolis Local Manage3ment Act. The deputation eonsisted of Mr. . H. Barlov, rector's warden; Mr. Wiliam Gilpin, chureliarden- Mr B. Collinson. member of thelffetropolitan Board ef 'or}s Mlessrs. E. Palmer and Daniel Best, vestrymen- and Mr Frederick Txitton, vestry-clerl
CRYSTAL PALACE. The following is the programme of arrangements to be fo1lowel at the inauguration of Baron Marochetti's Slutari nmonument and Peace Trophy on Friday, Mlay 9:- I " 1. The doors of the Palace will be open to the public at 11 o'clock. "2. The whole of the north transept and north end Of the building behindthescreen 'willbe reserved exclusively for Her ajesty's use wvhile sbe is in the building, and the courts on the LIlbambra side for her progress to the dais in the centre transept. -"3. TheScutari monument is erected in the nave on the south side of the great transept, the peace trophy on the north side; Baron MIarochetti's two equestrian statues of -Richaid >ceour de Lion aud Her Miajesty Queen Yictoxi% stand respectively at the foot of the monument aud the trophy. " 4. Her Majesty, accompanied by his Royal Highness Prince Albert, &c., will enter the building by the north transept at half-past 3 o'clock, and wil pass by the Alhambra, Roman, Greek, and Egyptian courts to the dgis in the centre transept, when ahe will takeher seat. " 5. A place upon the right of the Queen will he set apart for any of the Ministers who may be present, ana one also on the left for Crimean officers who have been invited to attend. The Crimean soldiers will form a guard of honour, reaching on each side from the dais to the rioiument and trophy. "G. On Her Majesty taldag her place on the dais the military bands and the band of the company 'ill perform 'God Save the Queen.' " 7. The quartet ' We bless you in the name oa the Lord,' from M Costa's oratorio of Eli, will be sung by Madame Rudersdorff, Mr. and Mrs. Lockey, and Mr. Thomas. " S. The Scutari monument will then be unveiled, the band playing the M1arch from the Sinfonia Eroica of Beethoven. "s9. The hymn 'Give to us Peace' (to a Rlussian national air) will be sung by MWadame Itudersdorff. " 10. The Peace trophy vwill be unveiled, the bands p.tey. ing the march and chorus ' See the Conquering Here,> lraom Handel's oratonio of Judas Mlcecebwus. "11. After the trophy is unveiled the duet, ' Oh, Lovely Peace,' from the same oratorio, -ill be sung by lEadame Rudersdorff and Mrs. Lockey. " 12. The bands will then perform the French and-I ussian airs and ' Rule Britannia,' during which Her Majesty will retime to the north end of the building. "13. After the ceremonial the fountains on the Upper Teirace wil play. " 14. The admission on this day will be confined'to-seeon ticket-holders and to prersons paying half-a-guinea. " The Court will attend in uniform." The building will be closed on Thursday to. admit of the preparations being made.
NATriotA GArLTx:-Y.-The pictures pilinSed at the Rogers sale for the National CoHlection are the following :-No. 726. The Triumnpl-Rubens,, after Mantegna-1,1021.1Os. Nfo. 60S. The Sketch for the Allegory of War in t'ne Pitti alace-flnbens2101. No. 709. The Good Sasmar l-Eassan2411. 10s. No. 721. Fagment of a walh paintingGiotto-781. 15s. In al, 1,6321. 15s. We have received the Moniteur of yiaterday. It does not contain any news of interest. THE Axrupt PArTo3unr.-The gentlemen *ho' last year had the honour of performing their amateuir pantomime before Her Majesty at Drury-lanaoare about to appear this season in a new pantomime,, which has beom wntten expressly for them, and which is. founded upon. the story of " Willam TelL" TheLycerha}as Seen.place& at the disposal of the amateurs by lir. Gye, and the 2d of June, an " off" or non-opera night, haE;been fi-ed. upon for the performance, which, it is believed, will again receive the Royal patronage. The charitableinstitution which,wilL benefit by the erertions of the amateurs-has, we believe. not yet been decided upon. The selection will probably be left to Her lilajesty, as was the case on t'.-last occasion, when a sum exceeding 600Z. was paid over to the trustes. of.theWellington College. With the exceullon of the hi1rlequin, the pantomime " cast" wil bethe saiLe as last year. Tnx MoRTnCOsarG REv nx WuND-w.-Acording to present arrangements the grand review of Crimean and other troops, fixed for Thursday, tha-219h iust., will take place on the cavalry exetising ground in WlIidser Great Park, between the Long-wz,k and the continuation ^f Sheet-street, Windsor, at 10 o'c!cek in the foeneoon, in.tho- ,resence of Hler Majesty, the, Prince Consartl the -l.oyAl S amily, the Corps Diplomattie, and Her Majesty's dTnisters. The Conunander-in-CSLef, the Adjutant and Qnartermaster-Generals, anei a ,re number og. Genera3 anis Staff officers will also be, present. MtLza early -honr has been appointed in c=nsequenco cl' Ier. *jetsty's Drawing-roomx at St. Jr.as's Palace bing fsded far 2 o'clock in the afterrman. His Roy4 Ihigspess. the Duke of Cambridge will cnmsand the R;e, whivt, in addition to the honsehold caaoa-n.dinfamtpre-entinX;ngland ar,d troops froia. Alilershott, wl be UoD)oesed of the 3d Battali2n of Ctmisadier Gnur, lasb Batbal-, of Coldstreaiiis, Ist Bait4iin of th.e Scots EFeSllerg Caards, and several cavalry dinfantry rzgigents fxon the crimea, oith three field b2da,ies and two.batterie ofi lo;se Artillery from Woolydci*. The treeps~.s.nhle suwards of 14,000 men, will n>';in at Windsa- on the preeding day and those 'who v,uamt be kl4,ede in Wjindsox, wEton, and Slorgh will be en=rPed ornt 'l ground. Tie- GreatWestern and outh-Wes ]glkilw:aLyeomp'pameakend to run special trains on the 2fith.sin9tst..res. T 7BLArSTIrtieMzjjp.r..Y e eerday appeared ar. o±lii3 copy of correspondenco relating to the late negots,fgas v'wit the Conu of Japan. It includes let-ters b#tp,aq the Adxiralty, '3Er. Haimmond, of the Foreign-o4ice, and Sir Janes Stii,ing, estending from, the 19th o eceanler, 1S54) to the 21st of January, 15mi It wil 1 ntrbered thtb a Convention relative to the openimpexceZb5:inn.ortsi. Japazx was arranged by Sir- James S)!h,n , and-it aypears that the tact'and judg?sent dis4-yedi'y that gallant Oflacer in this matter have, been proWuewd very satinJactory, and deserving of thsb entire ap. t Xro; of the Govertnont. An offici.l comn"MiCatKW eths re le Ictas been duly amade to Sir -a5xes Stirling, to womn the success of the negotiatigis wvith Japan I mray be, and is. considered mainly due. -; CB.YS52L PAL,Ac.-Osn S o D.AY,- rTuesday, May f-Adn;issious on pay%ment, 2,224; ditto by season ticket-. 201; total visitors, 2,425. TJZ y,ITIrEI rBUSsTA.-The sailinga £rom iverWoo Sesterday included a considerable nmnher of vesseli for the Ruissiau ports and the Da1)ubiag rriniprditie,
FOBEIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE RO]{ OUR OWN CORRFSPONDENTA. Tl1:e foUowing appeared in our second edition of yea. !erdav :-1 PARIS, MOIiDAY, MAY 5, 6 p.^ The 3.Mwiifeur publishes the following report adcl dreased to the Emperor by the Binister of WVar on the reduction of the arxy-y *t Sire,-Conformably to the orders of your Majesty, the :)oldiers of the class of 1848 have received their definitivo discharge. On the other hand, the incorporation of the young soldiers of the class of 1855 is now almost completed. .Et this state of things, the moment appears to have arrived for maldng a reduction in the effective strength -Df the army. Your Majesty has already ordered the :temoval into the reserve of the soldiers of the army of 'the East belonging to the class of 1849; I have now the honour of proposing the extension of that measre to all the soldiers of that class, the number of whom is about $SOOO: namely, at home, 27,46S; in the East, 19,365; Algeria, 4,578; Italy, 589. The expense would bo thus essentialy lessened, and the army would stiLl retain a suffiCilent effective strength. If your Majesty assents to this pieasure I beg y ou to give your approbation to this report. " VAILLAINT. "Approved, NAPOLEON." The official journal also contains the following report from the same Minister - "Sire,-Your Majesty, in giving your approbation to Ihe report which I had the honour to submit on the 20th of December last, decided, in principle, on the creation of four new regiments of cavalry of the Imperial Guard; but, from a fear of causing] a disastrous perturbation in the cavalry of the line, several regiments of which were then in the East, your Majesty decided that the formation of these four new regiments should be postponed, and that, when the moment should have arrived for proceeding with their organization, one regiment of African Chasseurs and one of Hussars should be dlisbanded, in orderto diminish the expense which willresult rrom the organization of the cadres. Circumstances now permit the realization of your Majesty's intentions. The organization of the four regiments of cavalry of the Guard is in course of execution, and by an Imperial Decree of the 5th of April last the: 4th Regiment of African Chasseurs was' disbanded. It now remains to complete the measure, and to proceed to the disbanding of a regiment of Hlussars. Such is the object of the decree which I have the honour to submit to your Majesty's sanction. VAILLANT." This report is foUowed by a decree disbanding the 9th Regiment of Eussars. The officers will be placed iu 7O7t aetitir, to be replaced inunediately, or as soon as possible, either in the newly-formed regixaents of the cavalry of the Guard or in others. The officers disbanded will be indemnified for the expense of their new equipments, wsith the exception of those who, at their own request, may be admitted into the Imperial Guard. 'The following private telegr.taphic despatches have been received:- "MARSEILLES, MLAY 5. "The Mdandre' has arrived fromn Constantinople with accounts to the 24th ult. "An insurrection has brolken out at Mecca. The Scheriff, - ho had been dismissed from his post, refused to give it Itp, alleging the infidelity of the Sultan as his excuse. He is supported in his resistance by 50,000 anred Arabs, wlho, it is said, refuse entrance into the city to the pilgrims, under pretence that the Ottomai empire is defiled. " TS.e Journal de Conzstaint inople only speaks of disturbances at Nablous; but it announces that the most energetic measures have been adopted against all perturbators. Tne Circassian deputation, which had arrived at Constantinople, is composed of 200 persons." "XONIGSBERG, ML-Y 3. "'We learn from St. Petersburg that the resignation of Count de Nesselrode has been officially published. * A reduction of the fleet has been made. Three divisions will be stationed in the Baltic. One will still retain the denomination of ' the Black Sea fleet.'" "I BERI,, MAY 4. "The l;ing of Prussia has sent to the Emperor of the French the insignia of the Order of the Red Eagle." " TURIN, MA%.Y 3, Ev-N-rn. "The Duchess Regent has left Parma, andthe exercise of civilauthority has been placed inthe hands of the military Austrian Commandant. "The Corriere ilfercantile of Genoa states that the differences which existed between Naples and the Western Powers are approaching an arrangement. An amnesty on an exztended scale will, it is expected, bo shortly published." "TURIN,, MA6 5. "TLe official journal publishes an ordinance charging 2 Count Cavour with the ad interi-an management of the Departinent of Foreign Affiairs. " Count Cavour has laid before the Chamber very important documents on the affairs of Italy. Questions are to he put to the Government to-morrow on the subject." It having been decided by the Emperor that the diplomatic agent at Vienna should have the rank of Ambassador, 3I. de Bourqueney gains that step; and, as a matter of course, Ai. Hubner, the Austrian Minister at this Court, obtains the saine advantage. A good deal is said of the valuable snuffboxes that have been presentedc to sOme of the diplomatists engaged in the late conferences; that -which has fallen to the lot of M. de Bourqueney is described as truly magnificent. As for orders and stars distributed on the occasion, we are in a perfect galaxy of them. Nothing lile treaties, conferences, and protocols to win honours; sic it ur ad astra. Prince Henri de Iigne sets out for St. Petersburg 'with the grand cross of Leopold for the Czar. The annLal service for the repose of the soul of Napoleon T. -was celebrated to-day in the chapel of ] the Tuileries by the Bishop of Arras. The Emperor and the Court were present. A similar service was per-for-med in the church of the Invalides, which was attended by General d'Ornano, Governor of the Hotel, his staff, and a number of old military men, w-earing the uniforms of the First Imperial Guard and of different other corps of the Imperial army. They after wards proceeded to the Place Vendbnie, and deposited flowers and garlands of immor-tdies at the foot of the monument. Notvwithstanding all the trouble tak-en by some few of the more eminent of the Royalist party to effect a reconciliation between the rival branches which have competed for the crown of France, the " fusion," if I am rightly informed, is at an end for the present. The secret is carefully kept, though the eulogistic terms in which the revolution of 1830 was spoken of lately in the Academy-the revolution whichthe Orleans familyhad, bytheir actof submission to the chief of thehouseofBourbon,virtuallycondemned-would, at any other time than the present, have suggested the suspicion that all was not right. It may not be forgotten that, with perhaps one exception, the sonsof the lateKingof the French always felt a repugnance to sanction, by act or word, the repndiation of an event which seated their father on thle throne of France, to the perpetual exclusion of the head of their race; they felt there was no great reason to listen to the counsels or to adopt the policy of the men whose shor-sightedness or whose stubbornness they considered had led to the ruin of their family; and when, after repeated refusals and much hesitation, a slow and unwilling assent was wrungfrom them, they yielded less out of any conviction of the propriety of the act, or from contidence in their advisers, than from affection to the mother whom they had so much reason to revere, and whose entreaties and perhaps, tears, they could no 0onger resist. The manner in which that act of submlssion to the rights of legitimacy had been effected was related at the time. There were, however, some minor points yet to be adjusted -wich were reserved for the first favourable occasion, and that occasion was the visit recently paid by the Coiunt de Chambord to the Queen of the YFrench in the neighbourh6od of Genoa. -The Princes of the houise of Orleans had not forgotten that they had served, and not without distinction, in the army of France, and that the French army had been led to battle and to victory under the tricolor. They may leave remembered, too, that the tricolor displayed the livery of their family as well as the ancient colour of legitimist France, and they were unwilling that a banner which was hallowled by so many associations, national as well as private, should disappear on the accession of the Count de Chambord to the throne of his ancestors. The point then was, whether the white or the tricolor should be the banner of the future Ring of France and Navarre. 'When the Count de Chambord visited his aunt the other day the subject was formally broached, and his decision was asked for. The Prince, as my information goes, showed a desire to evade it. He said that his visit was merelya friendly one, and by no means connected with political matters, which he would rather not enter -upon. He was told, however, that an answer was expected, as it was a point upon which his cousins set much impoltance, and that they could not consent to the substitution of a colour -which was now hardly1-nown to France for those which were so endeared to them, to the French army, and the French people; the Prince was also reminded that their common'ancestor, Henri IV., had not been 8o fastidious on a similar occasion, and that he recon, eiled to his conscience his change of religion by saying, "Pa7is sa2u bien, une anse." Surely "France vTlait bien 2tricdor." To this itr was objected, that when Henri IV. made such a declaration it vwss after he had been-recognized as King of France by a great portion of the army, after the two victories of Arques and Ivry, and when 'h6 was on the point of entering Paris, besieged by him now-forthe third time; and that whenever his descendant and representative should be' in the same position he would then see what was the best course to follow. What the'rejoinder was I do not know, but it appearsthat the parties separated without convincing e2ch other, andas little fusionist as can wvell be imagined. Whether the Orleanists consider themselves released from their act of submission is not kmown, but it is probable that tlle-representative of Henri IV. has returned to the Eignified isolation in whieh he has hitherto lived, utterly regardless of the Fusion and of Fusionists. The retail trade of Paris was pretty active du'ring the week, and would have been much more so had it not been for the return of a wintry temperature whEich suspended the departures for the country -and the purchase of light stuffis. The manufactories, likewvise are busily at wrork, having received of late large orders both from the interior and abroad. All hesitation has ceased since the official publication of the Treaty of Peace, and the importance of the orders would have been stil greater if the high price of the raw material had not produced a considerable advance in that of goods. The accounts from the industrial districts continue satisfactory. Another reaction has taken place in the corn-market. The rapid rise, which at one moment amounted to 10f. per sack of flour, induced many to sell, and a fall of from 5f. to 6f. ensued. Bakers showed little inclination to buy, in anticipation of a further decline. The crops present at this moment so fine an appearance that the farmers will be induced to bring to the market the stock they kept in reserve;~ and that anticipation wFas already realized on Saturdayat Chartres, where the supply of wheat was most abundant, and the fall averaged If. 50c. per, hectolitre and a half. The assize of bread in Paris, has been reduced for the first fortnight of, May by 4c. per kilogramme. The sacrifices made during the last two years by the ad, ministration of the city to lnaintain the price of the first quality of bread at 40c., and later at 50c., per kilogramme, exceed 50,000,000f., to re-: cover which it was at first contemplated not to diminish the price of bread according as the mar-4et fell; but that plan has been abandoned, and the' Municipal Cormission prefer having recourse to a loan to cover the deficit. There was little or no variation in the cattle or wine markets during the week. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 75f. 40e. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94. '75e.; and the New Loan at 75f. 65c. Orleans Railway shares, 1,400E.; Great Northern, 1,125f.; Strasburg, 1,055f.; new shares, 900f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,470f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,700f.; Western of France, 930f. ; Bordeaux and Cette, 820f.; Great Central of France, 757f. 50c. ; Lyons and Geneva, 820f.; Bank of Cr6dit FIobilier, 1,782f. 50c. ; Austrian railways, 950!. Cours Azthentique.--PAais, May 5.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-EInlf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. 93f. 75c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 94f. 25c.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 94f. 2.5e.; 7hree per Cents., 75f. 74f. 85c. 75f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 75f. 20c. 40c.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 75f. 20c. 40c.; Bank of France, 3,950f. credit Foncier, 705f.; Prom. Obligations of 1,OOOf., Three per Cents., 930f.; Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,780f. 1,782f. SOc. ^ biscount Ban-, 6S5f. 6901 695f.; Piedmontese Five per Dents., 93!.; Austrian Five per Cents., 90f.; Belgian Four. ,nd-a-laIf per Cents., 97; Rtomans, 91; Spanish Deferred jonvo-erted, 225 2.5A; ditto Three per Cents., 45; ditto Inserior Debt, 40 4o.i 41 4L4, Du2tch Four per Csents., 924, ilxcbange on London, at siglht, paper, 2Of. 40c.; money, iSf. 38',c.; three monthas, money, 24!. 923c. RUSSIA. (FROM OU nr.Mt comRFoXsmNr.) BER1IT, MALY 4. The latest telegraphic intelligence that we have Econm Russia does little more than confirm the in'ormation I have already sent you by letter. Thus, For instance, we learn by telegraph that it is iow officially proclaimed by Imperial manifesto Af the 29th of April that the coronation of the Kmperor is to take place in Mloscow next August. ?urther, that Coumt Nesselrode has, at his own eqilest, been relieved from his post as Minister )f Foreign Affiirs, but retains the title of Chanellor of the Empire. On the other hand, the ntelligence is new that at the date of the tele,raphic news (May 1) the ice of the Neva had comnenced moving, and that the Carator of the St. -'etersburg educational district, Pusehkine, has been lismissed from his office. In connexion with the ecent retirement of Nesselrocde, it is said that he iad not the necessary courage to protest ener,etically against the policy of the late Emperor, vhich brought about the war. Solicitude Lbout his own high position at the close of ,is long official life had ledl the Chancellor to how too much compliance with the ideas of lis Impelial master. To this error he subsequently Ldded a futrther fault, viz., that he forgot low little becoming it is even for the most meriorious servant when once in the service of the suc:essor to affect to maintain the consistency of the ?redecessor; and that he had been unwilling, even is late as January 10, to make the concessions so esential to the peace which the state of Russia so im?eratively called for. On this occasion the Emperor s reported to have said that several of his father's iervants had over-lived their time, and did lot su.fliciently comprehend the requirements of bhe present day. This remark of the Emaperor's is now talked of as having led to the retirement of the three high officers of State, Nesselrode, Ienachikoff, and Tschernitscheff. Without this iittle episode, howvever, there wtere ample grounds Eor the change, most of which I have already in Eormer letters adduced. The Mfinister of the Interior, Lanskoi, has addressed a circular to the Marshals of the various Governments and provincial colleges of nobility, invoking their patriotism, and calling upon them to assist the Emperor and his Government in healing, the wounds that the war has inflicted, by increasing the general welfare of the people. On this point he says:- "The thorough development of its productive energies and the wise direction of its manufacturing activity can alone secure the internal prosperity of Russia and consolidate its material irdependence; the conviction must there.- fore never be absent fromn your mind, that one of the maost important duties incumbent on you consists in discovering new branches of useful activity, adapted to local means and requirements. Aidvantageous results can bo obtaimea in matters of national wealth only under the conditions of perfect and universal respect for th alithority of the Government, strict observance of the fundamental laws of the State with reference to the duties and privileges of every rank and station, of well regulated order, undisturbed tranquillity throughout society, andreciprocal confidence." The circular further points out to the various local authorities the necessity for their devoting most zealous and indefatigable attention to the preservation of the obedience due by "bondmen"' to their "hereditary masters" (Anzglice, serfs to their owners), and this Christian virtue is inculcated in the serfs under pain of the Emperor's high indignation and severe punishment. The nobility is then further called upon to make provision for the disbanded soldiers who are now being discharged from the army. Thus, after having been muloted of so many head of serfs for the use of the army when, they were of a serviceable age and ablebodied, together wvith 10 roubles towards the accoutrement of each, the great landow ners are now called upon to find employment and provision for the disbanded and disabled veterans, who have earned their freedom at the price of their military service. Russia has hitherto boasted that it never had wartaKes to pay: the conviction will probably now gain ground that it has as heavy or heavier war-taxes to pay as any other nation. hiis circular appears to have been called for on the one hand by the spirit of revolt which is known to be smouldering in the feelings of the serf population in certain parts of Russia, and on the othler hand by the necessity of tranquillizing the minds of the nobility on the subject of the reforming tendencies of the present Government. The reduction of the Russian naval power is now recognized in Russia as a fait accompli. Instead of the five divisions of which it formerly consisted, it is now recognized as containing only three, which are stationed in the Gulf of Finland. The vesmels that are still, in conformity with the treaty just concluded by Russia with the Sultan, to float in the Black Sea are in future to be styled the Tschernomorischflotilli : - .. -Up, to the comtnencement of Passion Week (in, the Greek Church four weeks later than with us) the Emperor bad occupied hirmself unremittingly m ii-' specting troops', the'small arms prctice of the nornal battalions with te ''newly introduced musketh was the-subjet,of great and general interest .in' railitary circles. On Easter-eve . (Saturday, April 26) the approaching festival was announced by discharge of artillery from the Peter-Paul Citadel at 30, U, and 12 o'clock. Divine service was celebrated in the chapel lof the Winter Palaee at U1 'clock, which lasted till 12 o'clock, at which tinie the festival of 'the resurrection of tho Saviour properlg speaking commences.. On the29th there was a gala reception at. COirt onx account of the birthday of the Emueror; the officers of state were 'admitted to the Imnperial presence at 11 o'clock, the Foreign Ministers an hour later after which the whole assseuiiblediparty attended Divine worship. CountChrept6witich awxived inSt. Petersiburgprevious to the Emperor's birthday.: he is spoken of as the future rqpresentative of Russia in London. M - de Nordin, the Swedish Minister at St. Petersburg; has applied to hisi own ~Court to be recalled- the state of feeling that has been generated by' cer2 tain diplomatic'passages of the ilate war has made his position very irksome. On the 9ne hand he is, by his mnarriaga. wFith a Prmneess Schtscherbatoff connected with many yery high families of the iussian nobility, and to his inluence it is attributed that matters have not attained a more exacerbated expression on the part of Russia towards SwedenI. On the other hand, -the democratic party in Sweden has contrived to bring his patriotism into question on account of his high Russian connexions; and certain it is, that any change of representative on the part of _Sweden would hardly be acceptable in St. Petersburg just now. I have not as yet seen any grounds forthe statement that the differences between Russia and Sweden as regards the common frontier in Finland were rapidly approaching conclusion. :It is -to the increasing difficulties arising out of the question that the determination of 31. de Nordin to retire is attributed. One of the St. Petersburg papers has published tolerably detailed revelations of the friendly intercourse that was carried on by Russia during the war with one of the belligerent Powers, through the agency of M. Demidoff and Herr von Seebach: ths main subject appears to have been the treatment of prisoners of war. The initiatie was taken by the Russian 'Government, which forwarded to -that of France, through err von Seebach, a map, in which all the towns where French prisoners were stationed were marked with red, so that it might convey the satisfactory information to the Enperor that the Russian Government had in all cases assigned the best situated and most healthy spots for the abode of the French prisoners.
TRADE REPOBT. Tuesday Evening. SUGAR.-Although the quantity put up to day was not very large,-amonnting to 17,165 bags,-the sales were various, maldng in all 11 auctions, and the qualities differed very mueh. There was a verygeneraland spirited demand to take the whole off at fuUy Friday's prices to 6d. advance, particularly in good refining Mauritius, white Benares, and native Madras. The 'following are the particulars-vIZ., 8,702 bags Mauritius, low middling to fine brown, 37s. to 40s. Gd.; low to good yellow, 41s. to 43s.; good strongrefining, 43s. to 44s. <rystalized, good to very fine bright yellow, 44s. 6d. to 4Ls. 1,090 bags Benares, middling white, 44s. 6d. to 45s.; 609 bags date, good middling bright yellow, 42s. to 43s.; 6,764 bags native Madras, brown, 34s. 6d. to 35s. 6d.; low to fine bright grocery yellow, 36s. 6d. to 40s. 1,151 hogsheads West India have been sold. Privately a cargo of 250 tons brown Bahia has been disposed of for a near port at 25s. 9d. per cwt. over ship's side. COFFEE.-The auctions of. 1,680 bags of native Ceylon and 240 bales and 870 half-bales of Mocha were mostly withdrawn, the former at 50s. to 51s., and the latter at 80s. to SSs.; two small piles of the latter sold at 83s. to 90s. 6d. per cwt. for good and finc long berry. RcEx.-5,800 bags of Bengal found buyers at and after sale at Ss. Gd. to 9s. for low middling white, and 9s. 6d. to 10s. 6d.amiddlin" to good middling. Privately, since the close of last week; there has been a large business done, at rather better prices-Bengal, at 9s. Gd. to 1s. for niddlino to good white; Madras, Ss. to Ss. 6d. for low coringa; ana 9s. for fair pinky; in all about 14,000 bags. SALTPETRE -3,300 ba-s of Bengal were aUl tak}en in at 32s. 6d. to 35s. 6d. for l9A to 44 per cent. refraction. CociNn&L.-Of 421 bags in public auction a good pro. portion sold at revious prices; 244 bags Honduras silver, small to good, 's. 8d. toos. ld., 12 bag6 ditto, black small gra^in, 3s. 10d. to 4s.; 65 bags Teneriffe siver, ordinary to good, 3s. 9L. to 3s. lilL; 45 bags ditto, black, 4s. to 4s. od.; 14 bags Mexican silver, 3s. 7d. to 3s. Sd.; and 41 bags Mexican black, 4s. to 4s. ld. per lb. - TAniowv.-The market has been firm all day, and a considerable business done at 46s. forthe last three months, and 45s. 3d. to 6d. on the spot; but at the close there were sellers at those prices, with but little disposition to purchase. LMIMIER AID HIDES.-There has been rather a limited supply of fresh leather at Leadenhall to-day, and the market has umdergone but little change since last week's report. Heavy foreign butts and dressing hides were not much inquired for, but light butts, kips, and skins of all averages continued in active demand, and are very scarce. Market hides in fair supply, at about late rates.
STATE OF TRADE. hIANCHESTER, MAY 6. The cotton-market is firmer again; but the change has had no effect here beyond strengthening the hands of those manufacturers who are disposed to hold firmly by last quotations. Buyers have not been influenced by it, and the result has been a very quiet market, in which both home trade and shipping houses have alike refrained as much as possible from business. In cloths it has been felt by sellers that they would be unable to do busminess without a sensible reduction of prices, say 1.d. to 3d. per piece, and this they are mostly unwillingtoconcede with copyarns at presentrates. So far as manufacturers have made any abatement-and this has only been done where thev have been obliged to sell-it has been at a sacrifice of profit, previous rates, in most cases, not leaving a margin of remuneration at the present cost of yarn. In other words, sellers have made no alteratiort in their price lists, and all that can be said is, that where these are strictly adhered to little or no business has been effected. Spinners report a very quiet market both for home consumption and export, prices being nominally unaltered, but the positi(on of the market tending to rather lower rates. Messrs. John Slagg and Co. report:-" The disinclination on the part of buyers to do business at the existing prices has become more decided during the last few days, and as it is only in very few instances that any concession is made, the amount of business has again been on a very limited scale. The difference, however, between buyer andseller is not very great, as at a reduction of lld. to 3d. per piece from our quotations a considerable business might be done ,-but thereis as yet no disposition to give way." - Iessrs~. George raser, Son, and Co. report:-" To-day our market has again been dull, and the prices of many articles cxisibit inucreased weakness. This is more especially thse case with India shirtings, which have declined 3d. to 45d. per piece from the highest point." - ~~~~~LEEDS, WAY 6. Both clothiers and merchants are anxious about the forthcoming wool sales in London, and while the former are not very anxious to sell goods at a shade lower price than they obtained a month ago, the merchants are unwil bng to make the slightest advance. To-day's market ini both the cloth halls has been very quiet, and scarcely as *much business has been transacted as on this day se'nnight. Theo purchases have been confined chiefly to-light goods and 'a few job lots. AUl parties appear to be acting with considerable caution, and if the same conduct is pursued at the sales of colonial wool which commence on Thursday next, it is probable that the present range of prices for the raw., material will not be exceeded. The report of the iiuddersfield market to-day is as follows :-' The market presents the appearance of little businmess doing. There are few strangers, and purchases are limited. Some small transactions have taken place at low prices. Manufacturers are indisposed generally to sell, in consequence of expecting arise in wool. The wool trade is firm, and stockis are low."
GLASGOW, May 3.-GCotton.-The market for wool has been dull and dtooping this week, and the lower grades are down from nd. to -d. per lb.; the good kinds, however, cannot be quoted any lower. For goods and yarns the market bas been quieter tbis week, but, fromnthe lightness of stocks, prices -keep very finn. Iron.-Notwithstanding the diminution in the production of pig-iron, con. sequent on the strike among -miners and colliers (which has -become mnore general since our last), the pig-iron imarket: -showed symptoms of giving way in the early part of the week; indeed, the price of in. n. warrants fell about ls. 6d. per ton, 74s., cash, having been accepted on Thursday. Yeaterdayforenoon fresh inquiry sprang up, and a good business hMs since transpired up to 753. 9d., cash. Holders iiow isk 76s., and are shy sellers at that price; The shi,;ping demand is at present light, and the present advance masy be attributed tW the covering of some bear accounts.. THE ScoTcH FiMmEPui BOARD.-A Treasury minute was issued on the 25th ult. in.regardto the Board of Fisheries in Scotland. After considering the proposed abo- ' lition of the board, aud the arguments addu'ced against such a step, my Lords canic to the conclusion to propose to Parliament. to continue the grant for another year, and to appoint acommissioner to) visit Scotland for the purpose of esanmining on the spgt into all the questions relating to the grant, and reporting thereon, in order that their ILordships, before another year, Issay be able to determine what fee would be fair for the Govermnuent brand (if the system shonld be continued) and-in what manner the other duties of the board shall be'discharged. ACOMENT.-AT WOOLNvIoC.-A sad accident occurred yesterday evening' at 8 o'lock in one of the corru"Med iron sheds in Woolwich Arsenal, by which 12 men ahd Doys were severely injured, three of whom it is- feared are in a hopeless c,nditi;n. In preparing the tourbi21on rocket a kind of lathe or wheel is used for drilling a hole to adjust the fuse. Tipe metal became overheated under the process, - and occasioned the ignitior of the matter and bursting of the rocket. The sufferers were promptly attended by the medical gentlemen on the spot, and subsequently conveyed to the Ordnance infirnary.
I MOXNY-ABKETand CITYINTELLGENOB.. T-esd'y Evening. - TieD quOt4dlou of gold at Paris ii about 5 per mille preinium (xaording to theL lat tarAiff which, ptefhe Eiglish uint price of 3Z 1a. 10id. per of. for atendzr.' g old s gives an exchange of 25.29; d, e1ce exchange at Pa on London at short beng 25.,o it follows that gold' in about 0.32fper cent dearer in London than in Pars. Bh sdourceo fomn Haneurg the prYce of gold is 4r26 per mark, whlich, at the Eng,lish MAint pnice of r.1 il.l10-d. per oz. for etandard gold, gives an exchangeof 13.5 ; d, thepe-change atwHamburg -ain London at short be12 g 13.7, it follows that gold is 0.64 per cent, dearer n London th iu Hamnburg. *The course of exch'ange at New York on Londonw for bill.s at 60 days' sigeht is 109" per cent., and, the par of exchange between England. and A4merica being 109 23-40 per cent., it follow3 that {lie: exchange is. nomninally 0.17 p)er cent, In favour' of Engfland; and, after making allowance for* charges of transport and difference of interest, she- present rate leaves a trifling profit on the .maportatiOn of g,old frm the United States. * The English funds opened vwith continued bonythecythis moffinl at an advance of an eighth prices of yesterday, but the further improvement brought in a few sellers, and there was then a slight tendency to reaction. Consols for money were first quoted 93 to +, and they left off at 922 to 93 for money, and 93* to i for the 4th of June. There was no news to influence the market, but confidence was increased by the' sustained. animation on the Paris Bourse. Bank Stock closed at 210% to 211X; Reduced, 911 to j ; New Three per Cents., 92k to ';Annul-ties, 30 years, 17k; India Stock, 22' to 49; Indiabonds, 10s. to 5B. discount; Exchequer-bonds, .98; and Exchequer-bills (M:Warch), 3s. discount to par; (June), 5S. to 2s. discount. The denmand for money in the Stock-Exchange is steady at from 5i to 6 per cent. In the discountmnarket the rates are a fraction below those of the Bank, and the applications at that institution have consequently -been limited. Foreign securities were generally rather firmer this afternoon, the market remaining well supported to the close. Turkish Six per Cents. were negotiated at 98 and 98i, and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed at 101i, k, and i for money, and 101 - and 7 for the account. Tho other business com.prised-B3razilian, 99g and 99; the Small, 997 and 99; Chilian Six' per Cents., 104AX; Ecuador, 5*;I -Mexican, for money, 22* and ;, ald for the account, .22j and t; Russian Five per Cents., for the account,l -104t, -, ,and 105; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 95 I and W -; Sardinian Eive per Cents., 95 and 94* ;! Spanish Three per Cents., 45; the Three per Cents. New Deferred, for money, 249; for the account,' 25 and 247; Passive, 7%; Spanish Certificates, 5gi and 8; A;strian Five per Cents. (not payable in London), 84*; Dtitch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 931 and 94. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rate upon Amsterdamn ras a shade higher, but Hamburg' 'and Paris remained the samne as last post. T^he final quotations of the French Three per 'Cents. on the Paris E3ourse this evening 'were 75f. for money and 75f. 40c. for the end of the month, sho-"ing great steadiness at the recent advance. Upwards of 150,0001. of the recently arrived Australian gold is stated to have been taken to the Bank to-day. Small parcels of gold continue to arrive from Paris and other parts of the continent. The Cambria, now due from America, is not ex-. pected to bring any considerable amount of specie, her port of departure' being Boston. One of the Collins steamers may be looked for on Thursday, -which will probabljy bring a larger sum. The shipments of gold on account of the Turkish 'Loan are still understood to be at the rate of 200,0001. a-week, but they will probably cease in the course of about a fortnight. There will then be an improved prospect of the long-expected amelioration in the state of the money-market. The Bank- of Prussia yesterday reduced its rate of discount to 4 per cent. The following communication suggests several points for consideration with regard to the continental system of issuing shares to bearer. The writer particularly calls attention to those concerns which, although established and managed abroad, may be principally held in this country, and in which, owving to the di9iculties of combination in the absence of any share register, and the dislike of holders to send their securities away, in order to obtain the right of voting, the directors may exercise alnost irresponsible power. There can be no doubt the danger is real, and the recognition of it should operate as a caultion to all against subscribing to any such undertakings, unless froma the names of the promoters and their public standing there is a gLarantee for the exercise of at. least average prudence and honesty. Vlhere this exists the risk is perhaps not lkely to be greater than experience has shown to prevail at home. The management of English railways, as contrasted with foreign, so far as the consequences to the shareholders are concerned, furnishes nothing for satisfactory reflection; and the ruinous results of a large proportion of oiur mining and other com1panies, and the examples of the way in 'which directors accustomed to the task can silence all complaints at public meetings, and turn the register into a means of obtaining proxies to sanction anything, can scarcely be eclipsed in any part of the world:- "Sir,-Asthere are now dailynewschemes'for constructing railways, ac., abroad springing up, hlding out as an m- ducement the issuing of sharesto bearer, it will notbe out of place to state the position the holders of such shares are in. To enable them tQ vote at a genera.l meeting the shares mIUst be de)rsited l days previously at the offices of the cornpany, of which they are informed by an advertisement ina 21te Tizew, the only mode of communication between directors and their constituents, no register of shareholders being in existence. At these general meetings subjects ofthe greatest importance can be carnedhby the directors and their immediate friends, such as amaogamations or purohases of other lines of railway, &c. The shareholders residing in variouns parts Of the country totally unknown one to another do not ike to send securities payable to bearer to a great distance. Hence they are not represented at these meetinBgs. The worst feature is that in many of these foreign under£akings th hulk of the stock is held here, while the mnanagement is entirely in the hands of the directors residing abroad. S." Nr. 'Fletcher Wilson, the Danish Consul-General in London, has been authorized by his Government to execute, on behalf of the Russian Government (until Russian consulate agents are regularly installed), all acts required for the proper clearance of -vessels bound to and from the ports of Russia, according to the forms usually followed by the con- uIar agents of that country. AOn exception to these acts is the affixing of the " plombs"' to goods intended for the-ports of 'the Black Sea, respecting which further instructions are ex;pected.' :The weekly reviews from the Amsterdam and Rotterdamn' produce-markets state that, although business was not active, prices were fairly. sup. 'ported. The operations in coffee wvere moderate, but in some cases there was a slight tendency to improvement. There was a greater demand for refined sugar, and holders required higher terms. The letters from Rouca speak of less activity inthe market for manufactures, but quotations had not experiencedmaterial alteration.;
RALYWAY ANTD 3INfNG SHAZFS. .;-r Taes&yEveniq. The railway-market hiias 6xhjbi so6fio im4prove. rament,-'but the highest prices -were not in a1 J maintaned French and at Indian abares were well supported; but Belgian descriptions exdlbited 'weakness. Australian land and baing shares were dealt in only to a moderate extent. Tranuactions in London and County. Bank ranged from 33i to 33, and the fnal quotation was 33 to i. Miscel. laneous securities presented scarcely any variation; but the shares of some of the new projects were better. Ottoman Bank closed to 1pm.; Bank of Egypt, to -4 pM.; National Discount Company, ntok dia.; A'estern of London, 4, to 3; dis.; London and Paris, 4 to 3 dis.; Alliance Bak, 2 to l-dis.; Riga Railway, ii to i pm.; LombardoVenetian, 60 to g- pm.; and Pernabuco, 1 to 1} pm. a y8BssDsos OIWINAY SHAnS ANDSTOCrKs.
THE CORY TPADE. TIV};TPoOT. %tAT - 1'W acitralg from Irland and ooatise during the astweek hars been trifing, and from foreign ports, owing to the prevalent east winds vre have only received 5,315 quarter of wheat, 6 950 quarters of Indn corm, 6,194 sacks and 8,4?3 barrel of flour. ieh exports in the sumo timo Comprise 979 quarters of wheat, 11,S37 quSriers C ndwian Corn. 2,399 sacks and 2,789 bam.el of flour. There has een onsiderable frmnees in thetradesinoc Tueadaylaes azidprices of wheat and flour have improved 2d. to 3d. per 7011b., andis to 2!L per sackand barreL Indilan corn has also been old on ratber hatter terms£. Theweather ontinues onil and un blo, andseeonbi beginatowere rrather abackward appearance. At thi days market there was a rood attendance o£ the t4n and eonntr trade, and annie millers from the interior. 'rnime qaliities of wheat and fonzrmet a fair demand for consumPjticni, at 3 futher improvement on Frhday's roirs, making altogether an advance on tfio week; of 3d. to *a. per 701h. on the formner and Is. 5d to.2s. per sack and barrel on the latter article. OaLts anla oatmeal, witha faiLr sale. mnay bef quoted the tmur dearer. Barley, beans, and peas were aleo saeable at rather better pricesa Yellow and mnixedL Indian coarn wrer ne3lected, end cannot to quoted dearer, hut wrhite wein demand at 6d. per quarter over the rates obtainatble on this day wreek. We quote prima wrhite American wheats lls. 2d. to lls. 4.a, prime red, los.4d tolCs.&L.pr7Olb.;inferior 93; 6d.to S.9d.per 701b. I'imegutherm for 7.at38g. d. per barrel, upto 406. for citra Ohio: Westerns lowandh tt 31s. per il9ihi.; 8ps, Y. SG d. to 58.per f8lb )el' lolrad rLxed Icdiw corn *Sd, to 30s.; wrhite, l30e to is,per: WVhat reaizestlie; pete of last wreek. The best bestysaslutal their vale, bustother desciptions arelr. perqurterto loawr. i(oalte lor ilt the valneof oats anbaa_ baI axoca TU rk
LAW REPORT. COURT OP1 C!RANCF,RY T.T .rvN-Tvv 1rAY S- - CORL.EY V1 TORT) STATFORD. (Bere the LORDS Ju'sTcmS of API£AL) The zirQ roce examination of witnesses ia this case was apspointed to take place t.Lis morning. -It will be recollected that the object professed to be to establish on behalf of r. Campbell a secret t-rust in his favour of the property of his mother by Mr. Corley upon the marriage between those persons. IJpon the case being called en, 'lord Justice KMZGHT BP.I.CE saiff that a printed pajper bad been forwarded to their ILordships which they desired thould be read bythe Registrar. The docu went was rerbatir as follows:- -" In The Times of the 30th of April, 1856, is a report in Chancery of I Corley v. Lord Staftbrd.' I do ;lot atlmit that -the pretended marriage of John Corley ill the case is valid. I deny that the deceased Constantia Campbell, widow, at the age of SO, in 1850, intended or wished for marriage, as falsely set up by John Corle, after her death, on the 11th of January, 1831, at Erighton. I refer to the Itters to me of C. Campbell from Good Friday to the 26th Of Decermber, 1850, which are in evidence in Prerogative, and to the ten letters named in the afLidavit of Lord Stafford, and the letter of M1r. Poiulden to me on the death of rstw. CampbelL The assertion of tIr- Daniel about protec,ion iroza the violence of her son is evasive and false. .I re-quire this to be read in open court for me as a party and witness, with the said letters of C. Campbell to Lord Stafforl and to me. 'The bill filed for me in Chancery, ' CanipvbeL . Corley,' requires some amendments. AL ,DER FrCIS Css dcDELL, of 1S13, only son of the deceased C. - amphell." Sir F. Kelly, Mr. Bacon, and Mr. Greene, appeared for - Caimpbell lMr. Daniel and Mr. Southgate, for Mfr. Corley ; Mr. S. Scott, for the trustee, Lord Stafford; Mr. SUrrae, forai mortgagee. SirKFLY observed that with respect to the pa.er which had been read and had been sent to their Lordships, and copies of which had been sent to the several counsel engaged, he had only to say that neither he nor any other werson could be answerable for the acts of Mr. Campbell, lie or any one else apparently not having any control over him or his actions. With that observation he should proceed to do what he hoped to establish-namely, to show their Lordships from the evidence of Mr. Poulden and Mr. Burroughs that the motive for the marriage vas to provide a trustee for ilr. Campbell and to secure his mother's properey for his benefit. The case upon which such a notion rests was that Mr. Corleyhad abstracted a number of papers froa the lady's vriting deskafter her death, and those papers Mfr. Campbell had never been able to see, and had no hope ef doing so unless under the authority of this Court; that Mrs. Campbellwas impressed withthe notion of such trust in favour of her son, and that, if everything in the ca-se had been fair, open, and aboveboard, on the part of Mr. Corley, some soli itor wotuld have been engaged by him in drawving up the doe-assents upon which he relied as being a settlement of her property upon him, instead of those papers being wholly composed by him. The learned counsel then read in ext.s9 tie two papers set out in the report in The Timtes eof the 30th inst. HIe should now proceed to call the wit nesses. Mr. DAra, on behalf of Mr. Corlev, observed that he wished that Sir Fitzroy Kelly, although he said he was not able to control Mr. Casipbell, should give an unqualified admission of the validity of the marriage in the suit of "Corley v. Lord Strafford," and that the proceedings in the Ecclesiastical Court should be unconditionally abandoned. Lrlrd Justice KNdIGHT BRUCE said the Court in the present state of the proceedings had no powver to require such a course. Mr. Charles John Poulden was then called and examined by Sir F. KELLT.-He deposed that he had offices at No. 24, Great.Cumberland-street, lI-de Park-. He knew Mrs. Constantia Campbell from 1836 to her death. She resided with him till 180, 'with intervals when away from tovn. He had such communications with her as were commoin. betveen landlord and tenant. She appeared gre..tly attached to her son. Mr. Campbell came to see heroccasionally. Witness did not converse with her about her property, but she sometimes expressed her regret tha. he spent nioney wastefully, and complained of his extravagance. Witness remembered Mr. Corley occasionaly visiting her for two or three years. Witness was not aware of any marriage between Mr. Corley and Mrs. Campbell until after her death. In August, 1852, she placed a paper in his (Mr. Poulden's) hands, on which he made a memorandum that it was delivered to him by her, not to be given up until after her death, or by her order before that time in writing, or personally. She did not say anything of the contents, and he did not know the contents till after her death. This was delivered to witness in August before Mrs. Campbell went to Brighton; in October following he saw her at Brighton, but nothing was then said about the packet; in January witness heard of her death from Mr. Campbell, and two or three weeks after witness saw Mr. Corley (the packet vas then put inland opened by the Registrar ; it contaised the two papers beforementioned, and a bank post-bill for 1,0001., and other Edocuments); the packet was openei in consequence of the disputes between Mr. Corley and Mr. Carnpbell, and, the witness having spoken strongly about the marriage, which he had since heard of, Mr Corley said he did not waant to take Ar. Campbell's property, but wrished to protect both Iiim and his roperty, and, if he would miarry, the property should be settled on his wvife, or on his wife and childrenwitness did not recollect which, but believed on the wife. Mr. CampbeU refused to be guided by M1r. Corley in any way. zNothing was said, according to witness's recollection, of custodian, trustee, or such like term; the conversation then and on other occasions related to the property derived under Mrs. Campbell's father's will. WVitness understood Mr. Corley to say he did not wish to dispossess Mr. Camnpbell of the property, but to take care of him and his property. The marriage between Mr. Corley and her was continuaUy alluded to. When the packet was opened at Cumberland-street 31r. Corley was down stairs and Mr, Campbell above, and solicitors were present, and upon that occasion those twvo gentlemen signedmesnoranda authorizing -witness out of the bank post-bill to pay rent and other things due; on one occasion of a meeting at Mr. Corley's chambers in Gray's-inn that gentleman ,aid, if Mr. CamTn bell would iveup 2,000l., or 3,0001., he (Corley) would withdraw helef. Witness did not recolect anything being said about custodian or suchlike; the papers of Mrs. Campbell in witness's possession wore in eight boxes, which casinto his hands afterher death, and he held themforboth varties. He believed they contained letters aud papers. Nothing was ever said, so far as .itness recollected, about ,the object of the marriage. tr. D.A;IEL cross-examined the witness. When 1r. Corley spoke of giving up the property he made it a condition t hat M. Campbell should marry. MStrs. Campbell expressed h<er aniety that her son should marry, and was, witness seh}eved, anxious about the manner in which he wvas then living. Lord Justice TuwxsER examined the same witness, and in answer to questions lie said that the condition which AMr. Corley proposed a settlement wvas that Mr. Campbell should marry, and the proposal -was connected with the conversatioll in'Cuniberland-street as to Mr. Corlcy's wish to protect Mr. Campbell and his property. Mr. Granville Ellis Burroughs, examined by Sir FITZROY KELLY, deposed that he was a solicitor at Norwich, and was solicitor to Mrs. Campbell. Be conversed with her in December, 1849, or early in Jaiuary, 1850, for the last time. Nothing was said about the marniage or about her property in reference to marriage. Witness heard of the marriage by reason of a letter from 3Messs. Gunmey. Witness Iad communication from mr. Campbell respecting his mother's death. In February witness came to London, and saw Mr. Corley at Cumberland-street. Saw him the next day at his chamberg, in order to speak to him about the papers in MrI Poulden's hands. MIr. Campbell, Mr. Corley, and several solicitors were present, and when the Packet was opened Mr. Corley said the enclosures related to, or were, or one of them was, the settlement on his marriage. After a discussion M1r. Corley said to 'witness that the marriage was had that Mr. Campbell might have a pro. tector, and added that he could satisfy witness that Mrs. Campbell's desire was th.at her son should have protection. Mr. Corley afterw.ards said he did not wish to derive any profit in a pecuniary sense from the marriage, but that Mr. Campbell had treated him so ill he did not think he should carry out his intention as to the settlement. Cross-examined by Mr. DANIEL.-When Mr. Corley spoke of the settlement it was conpled with the condition nbout his marriage. Mrs. Camnbell expressed a great anrxiety about his marriage. Mr. Corley said lie would make the settlement for the benefit of Mr. Carmpbell's wife and children, if lie would get rid of his extravagance. Sir E. KELLY then applied for and obtained an order for the examination of the papers in Mlr. Poulden's hands, that gentleman consenting, the inspection not to be made by one party, except in the presence of the other. MIr. tico-r applied for the payment of Lord Stafford's costs out of the accumuLation of the income, which was Mr. D.%xNr.L obtained an order that 31r. Corley should be at liberty to receive the income as from the be-inninm of 1856 until further order, and without prejudice to any question. Their LoRtnsrmps agreed, vwith the assent of the parties, to take the fiurther hearing of the two suits, " Corley v. Ixord Stafford" and " Campbell v. Corley," in the first in. stance, and so the matter was ordered to stand over.
ROLLTS' COURT, CHOiMMY-LTAzV %rrA -- DRYSDAE vV. PIGGOTT. LI-e1orc tUe iUASTER of the RoT.rq I mc -%xSTER OI tile coLas gave judgment in this cass, in which the question in issue vas who was entitled to the poceeds of a policy of insurance for 3001. in the Pelican Life-office. It appeared that in the year 1851 a Mr. Patti. son Drysdale insured his life at the above office for the above stn, and de,osited the policy with Mr. Piggott, the Adetendant, as a collateral security for the payment of a debt. The first premiun on the policy was paid by the plaintiff, 'who was Mr. Pattison Drysdale's father; but when the second premium fell due both the plaintiff and his soI omitted to pay it, and the defendant, in order to keep the policy in force, was obliged to pay it himself. The same alsowith the third premium, shortly after the payment of whiceh Mrr. Pattison Drysda2e was drowned in going to Australia. When the Pelican Company was applied to for pay' ment. it was pointed out to the claimants that the policy was-, in fact, void, from Mr. Drvsdales niot having given nctice of his intention to leave the country, but the office, bein unillng o tke dvatag ofthat circumstance, thediferncebetee th e ony uonmerely receiving Vrenlsums paid and those which iFIiewaX eDtitIed to the proceeds of qthe piolnicy,thteheprlaintiffl contending, on the one hand, that he ought to receive them (after deducting anything that nfight be due to Mr. Piggott in respect to Mr. Pattison Dy-sdile's debt), in order to recoup himself for any-liabilities-he -had inicurred for the benefit of his Eon-in carying out the arrangemenit with Mr. 3?iggott, and also ans hs& son's. 'legl personal representative; while Mr. Piggott, -on the'btheritand, insisted upon his'right to-keep the proceeds of the 1pollcy hirxstlf, 'oi the plea that he a' h kept It ap at hisown expense, afd both the plaintiff and his son had ab uidoned having'auything to do with it. - This 'view of the ease appeared to the Court to be a correct one, and his TRonour therefore decreed that the plaintiff's case, both in 'respect to -his own clail' and his -claiim as the representative'- of his son, failed, and that the defendant was' entitled: tothe beneficial interest in the policy, from both father andd son having repudiated. having anything to do with it, or to contribute to the'expense of keeping it in force. BE THE UNIVERSAL PROVrDE-NT ASSOCIATIO,' E YARTE BELL. - iHis Ho-ouR also gave judgment in this case, which came before the Court upon an endeavour of the above defunct coapany to make a person unmed Bell a contribhtor to its liabilities. lt appeared that the company, which was formed in 1854, was in the month of October in such a position that it was conbidered advisable to raise a loan to carry on its affairs; and a minute was passed that until such loan was obtained the conpanyg would incur no further - responsibilities as to issuing policies, &c. In the, month of Deceniber a, distress was put in the company's premiscs, and the stock of capital was so low that the directors were obliged to give a bill for 501. in order to ward off a claimrto' which they were liable. About this period, or shortly after, the company inserted an advertisemnent in the papers, that any parties who would ac' as agenits for the company might increase their incomes bv 40s. per week. Attracted by this advertisement, a Mr. Bell, of Portsea, aDpped for further information, and received an explanation from the company's secretary, to the - effect that in cor-equence of- the unagnitude of the business which the company'tranisacted' it had been resolved to- raise an additional capital of 200,0001., in 40,000 shares of 51. each; and that, in order to' dispose of these shares, the directors had resolved to give t6o the agents a bonus of 5s. uplon each share which they got taken up; and that if Mlr. Bell, as one of such agents, got rid of only eight shares a-week, it would give him, under' the above arrangement, a weekly income of 40s. Mr.- Bell I having agreed to accept the agency, a present was made to him of five of the new shares, in respect of -which, by ,tle aid of a power of attorney, he signed the companoy's deed,l as did also a2 Lother persons upon the same 'termn, - and tempted by the same or similar inducement. The company having become defunct, it was - now' sought to make Be,l and these 52 persons liable as contrbutories; but the Court held, wit h respect to Bell's case, which was the only one before the Court, that, inasmuch as the statement made to Bell as to the company's prosperity was a direct falsehood, and that person was induced to exiter into negotiations with the company by untrue representations, and inasmuch as the company had virtually suspended business, and, were in a state of insolvency when Bell consented to sign for his shares, tho directors of the company wou7d not be permitted to confe to a Court of Equity and diminish their own responsibility by distributing it among a number of innocent parties 'whom they had deceived. If the Court w.ere to sanction 'anything of the kind, it would, in fact, be allowing a corporation to; do that which it was one of the leading principles of - a Court of Eqnity to prevent private individuals doingnamely, to take advantage of contracts which iad been made under false and coloured representations. Mr. Bells name, therefore, must be erased from the mber of the company's contributories. Mr. Selwyn appeared for the company, and 3r. Rexburgh for Mr. Bell. THE MANCHIESTER, SHEFFIELD, AND LINCOLXSHftE BRUL- WAY COM PANY V. SIDEROTrOx. . The facts of this case 'were reported last week, and upon the arguments being concluded to-day the Court decided' that the injunction obtained against the defendant for the restraint of the action at common law against the company should be nmade perpetual, upon the company's paying to the defendant the value of the land which was made use of in excess of the agreement between the company and the former MrI. Sidebottom.
VICE-CRANCRLORS' OnTTR! r- fw EVANS V. COV1.TTZV (Before Yice-Cha7ucellor Sir R T KTm-n'pRvTiv, A This case was spoken to on the minutes of the proposed decree this morning. It will be remembered that this cause relates to the affairs of a society known as " The General Benefit, Infe Insurance, and Loan Society," which carried on business from the year 1S20 until the year 1854, wihen it ceased by reason of the absconding of the secretary with 11,000!. ; and a bill was filed by certain persons clainina to represent 2,000 insurers, seeking to snake the directors li4le, and for an accouLnt and for inquiries. The case was argued at great length and fully reported in The Timae. Mr. Anderson and Mr. . W. Collins appeared for the plaintiffs; Mr. Glasse, Mr. Bailv, Mr. Elderton, Nr. Hardy, Mr. R. W. Moore, and Mr. 'V. Forster appeared foi tlhe several defendants, except Messrs. Nouatt and Biddell, who appeared in person. The VICE-CHeANCELaORt now sanctioned the following minutes :-That the plaintiffs and the other iusurers had a good charge onthefundsasattributabletoinsurance branches, and that the same were liable to make good such claims, accounts being directed as to what portion of the funds was distinguishable as belonging to depositors; that the defendants, the directors, were liable from the time of their election and acting, and inquiries were directed as to such election and acts; that the increase of remuneration to suhe directors was void, and that they were liable for such increase; that the declaration of dividends was a breach of trust, and that the defendants, the directors, were lable to make good the same, and that an account should be taken of such dividends; that the buying up shares was also a breach of trust, and that the directors who authorized such roceedings wereliable for the same; that anaecount should ire.taken of such transactions, and that there should be a declaration that they were proprietors of such shares as between the insured and the company, with an inquiry as to such purchases; and that what remained unpaid upon aU the shares was liable to make good the claims of the insured, with an inquiry as to what shares the defendants held, and whether i their own or a representative character, and what in surances existed when the company stopped, distinguishing the various species with their values, with liberty to apply. (Before Vice-Chancelo- Sir, W. P. WOOD.) THE ATTORYEY-GENERAL V. 1WUEDOCH. This case now came before the Court on further directions, and was finally disposed of. The information and bill, it will be remembered, was originally filed by some of the trustees of a chapel at Berwick-upon-Tweed, called the low Meeting-house, for the purpose of obtaining a declaration from the Court that the trusts on which the chapel had been originally founded were trusts for the appropriation of the chapel as a place of worship on the model of the Established Church of Scotland, and also to have it declared that the minister thereof must be a licentiate and recognized minister of that church; and also to restrainthe principal defendant, the Rev. Alexander Murdoch, the then ninister of the chapel, from officiating as minister and for his removal, and also that of the plaintiffs' co-trustees of the chapel, who were made defendants, on the ground of their having adopted the Free Church views, and thus become disqualified for such niinistry and trusteeship. A decree wasmade by Vice-Chancellor Wigram, and afterwards confirmed on appeal to tlie Lords Justices, by which the relief sought was granted, and a reference made to the Master to appoint new trustees in the place of the defendant trustees and of two who had died, and the congregation were to be at liberty to elect a new minister and the new trustees so to be appointed. All this had been duly done, and the only discussion which now took place was as to the payment of costs of the suit, the chief portion of which were ultimately ordered by the Vice-Chancellor to be paid by the defendant, onthe grou nd thatthe suit had been occasioned by the breach of trust on thei prtwheharsuedi their removal;.parts'which had resuted in Mr. Little and Mr. T. D. Salmon appeared for the relators and plaintiffs; Mr. Rolt for Mr. Murdoch and the defendant trustees; and Mr. Lewin for other parties. TuESDAy, MLiY 6. (Before ViCr-Ce-anccdllc- Sii- I.. T. XmIBEsLEY.) TANNER V. CARTER. In this case Mary Eastabrook by her will directed pavment of her debts, funeral and testamentary expenses, ard gave various legacies, the residuary gift being in favour of Nancy Eastabrook, whom she constituted sole executrix. Nancy Eastabrook proved the will, committed a deraseavit, and died. A suit was instituted to administer both estates, Mary Smale C.arter, the executrix of Nancy Eastabrook, being defendant. It appeared upon taking the accounts that there were no assets of Nancy Eastabrook, and a petition was presented to wvind up Mary Eastabrook's estate, which was insufficient to pay the specific legacies. Nancy Eastabrook employed a Mr. Turner, a solicitor and proctor, to prove the wll of her testatrix, and he carried in a claim for 1401. odd for his proctorial charges; but this was resisted on the ground that Nancy Eastabrook being a defaulting executrix, and Mr. Turner, claiming through her, could stand in no better position. Mr. Shapter appeared for Mr. Turner; Mr. Terrell for the par'ies interested in the estate of Nancy Eastabrook; MIr. Sutiffe for Mary Small Carter. The case was argued some time since, when His Honour fireserved his judgment. IThe VICE-CHAN2CELL OR now said, that the ordinary form |of a decree for the administration of an estate was, inteor alma, that an account should be taken of the debts and funeral expenses, the testamentary expenses not being mentioned; but in the decree in the present instance the word "testamentary" was inserted, whether with reference to the will did not appear; but it appeared to his Honour that the testatrix, having directed payment of her debts, funeral and "testamentary" expenses in the first instance a ground which had not been brought forward at the barsuch direction gave Mr. Turner a right to payment of his proctorial costs previously to the distribution of the estate with the costs of his petition, accounting for suchmoneys as were in his hands. DIMSD,ArJE V. DIMSDALE. This bill seeks to set aside certain instruments executed in 1847, on the ground of a want of professional advice and advantage taken of the plaintiff, who had just attained his majority. MEr. Lee and Mr. Prendergast appeeared for the plaintiffthe Solictor-General, Mr. Baily J H1. Palmxer, GLasse, Mr. Shapter, Mr. Bird, r. awkins, r. Mylne and 31r. L. Webb for the defendants. The case is still proceeding. [Bef'i-e Vice-C7za2zcdlloFSir J. STUART.) nOOD V. EASTOX. This was a motion for a decree. The facts of the case were as follow:-In August, 1845, the plaintiff, being the owner of 19-30th undivided shares of certain hereditaments situate at the Windmill-hils, near Gateshead, in the county of IDurhamn, and of the mnines and minerals under the same, mnortgaged those shares to one of the defendants, Robert Leadhitter, to secure 4,200!. and interest, and he covenanted to confirm any lease of the hsereditaments which Leadhitter should make; but the latter was not authorized to work the mmles or to m.ake any leases of the same. The plaintiffI bad paid off aportion ofthe mort,ige money, and'there was now due from him, on the msncgage, the sum of 2,2001. Be was now,also the, owmer of -the remaining 11-30th Ehases of the frefo-mnintion'ed la'nds and mines. In the y,ear 1853 th plintiff nnding to build on Ihe 1and' wlich~ vas- well- adiji~d -`d-of great value fori-'buildring -'purposes, . ippointed a. colliery viewer :to value -the' coal u under ,the--iind. i The ,-colliery viewer found that the main coal seam' had been workedby Messrs. -Thonias autd Jines' Easton, who: weie lessees of conl mints 'under lands adjoining.the plaintiff's land, and& that the 'rof of cthe seninhadbeexi left bythenm without stlfficient.sup- porf, so that the buildings goetheland were rendered insecure; and-the value of the land for -building purpoes .very ,much diminished. The defendant, Leadbitter had uever -been i-n possession of the 'mortgaged property as nmortgagee, but it appeared that he, without the sanction or knowledge of '{he plaintiff, tlie mortgagor, had given liberty to the Messrs. "Haston to ork the mine for the purpose of exploring it. and as'certairing its value,, with a-view to their becoming lessees of the mine. Tbe working of. the mine by the. IMesars. Easton took place during the year 1846, and was concluded by them in July, 1847, and the value of the 'coal got uphy the Messrs. Easton was estimated by the plaintiff at about 3,E001. The bill prayed for an account of what was due to 'leadbitter on his mortgage, that tlo plaintiff might be allowed to redeem the hereditaments and nortgaged property, and that in taking such accounts an account might he taken' of the coal got by tle Messrs. Easton and of the, damage to the surface, and that~ they or Leadbitter migq,ht be,,ordered to' pay - the same to the plaintiff, after allowing for what was due on the mortgage to Leadbitter. ,r. 3alins and, Mr Bates 'were for the' plaintiff; Mr. Bacon ad Mr. Toiler for the Messrs-. Easton; and Mr. Wigram and Mr. Riddell for Mr.Leadbitter. The VICE-CHA-CELLOR said, that the mortgagee was accountable, in its integrity, for the property which was in plcdge to him. He held it on the terms in this court though not at law of being obliged to restore theproperty which was mortgaged when the debt was satisfied. r ere the mortgagee.had allowed other persons so to deal 'with' the property in mortgage as that they had abstracted a portion of it, and the mortgagor could not recover the whole of it. Hle thought the proper decree to make would be to direct the tusual mortgage accounLt as against Leadbitter, and an account of all mnoneys received by the defendants, 'or any or either of them, or any other person or persons, by 'their order or for their use, in respect of the- coal belonging to the plaiptiff, wrought and won by the order or for the use or by the permission of the defendants, or any or either of' them, and declare that Leadbitter should, in taking the mortgage aecounts, be charged' with the sums -so received. WYith respect to the damage done 'to the surface of the land, he did not think that part of the plaintiff's case sustained by the evidence.
OTwr.T OF OmT11NFV RRFlN1TY WvnrrTvqqc Uv N BENNET V. THOMPSON. (Sittings in Banco, befJore Lord CA%IPBELL and JustiCeS WVIGHT)vLM . ERLE. and CRomIPTON.A Mr. Lusir moved for a rule calling on the Sheriff of Somersetshire to show causevhy he should not refind the sum of 41. lSs., unlawfully received by him for the panel of a special jury. Under the old law and the statute 1st - Victoria, cap. 55, sheriffs were entitled to certain fees7for summoning special juries, but the Common Law Procedure Act, 1852, -abolished the old law, and by the 108th section enacted that the " precept issued by the Judges of assize as aforesaid shall direct the shriff to summon a sufficientnuim-- ber of special jurymen, to be mentioned therein, not exceeding 48 in all, to try the special jury canses at the assizes, hc., and a printed panel of the special jurors so summoned shall be made, kept, and delivered, and annexed totho RiVi Psiuis record, in like time and manner and upon the same terms as hereinbefore provided with reference to the panel of com.mon jurors." That section enacted that the special jury panel should be deliveredj ko. ¶' on the same terms as hereinbefore provided vith refer' ence to the panel of commoxi jurors," and, on reference to the 106th section of the act it was found that that was to be done on the payment of one shilling. When the sheriff' had beeii applied to in this case for the special jury panei he, in the first instance, demanded 1. 10s., but, on in applied to a second time, he reduced his demand to 4i. 14s., the reduction being made in consequence of another special jury cause having been entered in the interval. It appeared' the sheriff adopted some mode by which he apportioned the' charge. It might be considered unreasonable that the -, sheriff should have to discharge the duty of summoning the - special jury wvithout any payment beyond the shilling; but' still he could not. compel any party to pay snore than was authorized by the act, and that was limited to that sum. *Lord CA.mPmETL said the learned counsel ought to have a rule to shodw cause. Rule idi granted. TE QUEEN V. TTtER GREAT WVESTHRN RAILWAY COIIPANY. Mr. J. Bnowxm- moved for a rule caUing upon the Great Western Railway Company to show cause why a rizandamtus should not issue commanding them to issue their warrant to summon a jury to assess-the amount of compensation to be paid to Rosima Tubbs, the applicant, in respect of a mansioni which the company in March, 1854, gave notice they should require for the purpose of constructmg one of their branchlines. It appeared fromn the statement made by the learned counsel that the surveyors had agreed, but the company would notratify their agreement. An application was their made to the company to issue their warrant for the summoning of a jury to assess the amount of compensation, but, as that had not been done, the present application was made. Lord C.rrBELL said he hoped the granting of a rule would be sufficient to bring about a settlement. Rule niti granted. MANE V. FOXHALL AND ANOTIIE}.. In this case a rule ri8i had been granted for a prohibition to the Judge of the County Court of Norfolk. It appeared that the defendants had been sued in the County Court for damage done by them in spoiling a; beechwood fence belong- ing to the plaintif When the plaintiff's case was con--- Cluded the defendant was asked whether he wished to ask the witnesses any question. He said, 'No," and added, " It's my property." Upon this the judge gave his verdict for the plaintiff, with 51. damages. A rule was then granted for a prohibition, upon the ground that the Judge had no jurisdiction, as the title came in question. MIr. Lu-l now showed cause against the rule, and contended that the cla.im of property was a nmcre pretence, and rightly treated as such by the Judge. MJr. Pnn'soi said the affidavits which had been made for the plaintiff showed that there was a bon(t fide question of title. Lord CkanPBELL said he thought the Judge was wrong in overruling the objection in that arbitraly manner. According to the afflidavits there was a bond Jide claim of property. The other Judges concrured. Rule absolute. PI'1 V. CAMI3'ELL AND OTHERS. This was an action in which the plaintiff soueht to recover damages from three defendants for the bieach of a written agreement into which he alleged they had respectively entered to purchase one-eighth share in an invention of th'e plaintiff, for grinding auriferous and other ores. At the trial, which tookc place at Guidhall, before Lord Campboell, on the 23d of February last, the plaintiff Proved the execution of the agreement by the three defendants, and that at the same time lie himself had subscribed to it the following postsclipt *-" In reference to the above agreement, and in consideration of 51., I engage within two days to execute the legal documents to the satisfaction of your solicitor, to complete the title to your respective interests against your names." The defence was that the paper in question was signed by the defendants, upon the understanding that it was not to take effect unless a person named Abernethy approved the invention, and that, when referred to, Abernethy pronounced the invention to be of no value. The admission of evidence to support this defence was objected to, upon the ground that it contradicted the -written agreement, which it was admi*ted the defendants had signed. Lord Campbell, however, admitted the evidence, and eventuaUy left it to the jui'y to say whether, previous to the signin of the agreement, the plaintiff and defendants had agreedt tit was not to take effect umless Mr. Abernethy approved the invention. The jury were of opinion that such was the understanding, and under his Lordship's direction found their verdict for the defendants. Subsequently a rule was granted for a new trial, uponi the ground that the evidence was improperly received, as'it contradicted the written agreement, by whiclh it was contended the parties must be bound. On Saturday last Mr. WATSON, Q.C., and Mr. MANISTY showed causo against the rule, and relied on the case of I"Davis v. Jone," in the Common Pleas. Mfr. Serjeant Tno3a and Mr. J. H. HoD4SON this day supported the rule, and urged the danger that would result if parties couldbe allowvedto contradict their own solemn acts, as attested by their handwriting. Mr. Justice ERLE said he was of opinion that the rule ought to be discharged. Thepaper contained the terms of an agreement and the signature of the parties, and there was strong presumnption that it contained the agreement and if it had been found by the jury that it was signed animo conti'alendi no evidence could he admitted to vary it. But the jury found that the defendants expressly told the p laintiff that they did not agree to those terms. His L.ordshipgranted the danger of admitting evidence that might set aside a valid agreement, and that a jury ought to look at such evidence w;ith the most scrapulous suspicion; but at the same time his Lordship thought that a party ought not to be allowed to fasten upon another as an agree*nent wbat was never intended to be so. The evidence did not tend to vary or contradict the written agreement, but to show that there never was an agreement. Mr. JnsticeCRoxPToX said the defendant's signature was not an estoppel. A party might show that he had signed a document under a mistake, or that a paper to which his signature was attached, such as a receipt, was parted with by mistake. The case of " Davis v. Jones" was good law. Lord CA31PBELL said he agreed with the rest of the Court. It had been decided that a written agreement could not be varied by paroL But here the defence was that no agreement was entered into, and it was proved that before the signature of the three defendants it was agreed that it should not operate as an agreement unless Abernethy approved the invention. M1r. Sericant TIIomAAs asked the Court to allow a nonsuit to be entered. Lord CAmPBEEL.-Yes, you have leave to enter a. nonsuilt. LIVINSTONE V. StALIS AND CO. Mlr. J. WILDE, Q.C., and Mr. BLACIcBUIn? showed eausagainst a rule which had been granted in this case to enter a verdict for the defendants, and also for a new trial Mr. Bovill, Q,C., and Mr. Kaye will be heard in supporb of the rule to-morrow (this day). BAIL COURT. (Sittings in Banco, before Mr. Justice CoiEBIDGE.).., THE QUE-E V. THE JUSTICES OF WARWICKSIBE, lE--' 'WARD. Mr. HUDDLESTON,E moved for a certiorari to bringuplan order of the quarter sessions of Warwickshire awardin costs in an appeal against a conviction under the 12th and 13th Victoria, chap. 92. James Ward had been convicted at petty sessions under the act for cruelty to a horse, and adjudgsed to pay a fine of 2s. 6d, and 21. 7s. 6d. costs; he entered an appeal, but being advised that the 25th section gave an appeal only where the penalty amounted to 40s., he withdrewr it, giVintg ten days' notice to thie prosecutor; the latter5 however, appeared at the quarter sessions and obtained -an order for 171. costs.,. Ward had since died, and his sureties in the appeal had sought to quash the order, on the ground that as there was nio inght of appeal the justices had nbt power to give any eosts incurred, in consequence -of- an attempt to do so tand that the order directed the costs to be paid- to tshetpioecutor 'instead of the clerk of the'peace.- Rule sisigraiated. - I THE: QUEEir <i TrE PrOosWiIOcfo OF 3_aY GOODAI OV. ETEYNT. 'Mr. MELLOR moved for sentence on the defendant, who had beenfeound guilty at the last assizes on an indictment for encroaching on a highw4vy. Repeated applications had t been made to hin to ascertain whether he would remove the obstruction, but he had taken no notice of them. His LORDSnIP said he could not pass sentence unless the defendant was before him. A capias had better issueto bring hin up. ; - (SWing in TUESDAY, 3LSY 6.. (Sittings in Banco, before Lord CAMPBELL, and Justics WIGHTnAiN, XRLE, and CROXrTos.) - TiE QUEE V THE COBPOPr 05TIONO BRIGHTON. lMr. 3. CusiLess, Q.C., moved' -for a rule to show cause why a -nndamndzs should not issue to the Corporation of Brighton, comnmanding them to put their corporate seal to a bond awarding compensation to Mi. Langnrdge, the County Clerk, for the loss of fees of his office, occasioned by the incorporation of Brighton and the establishmicnt of a Court of Session in that boroug.h The borough was incorporated in the year 1864, and 3&r. Langridge claimned compensation from the town council for the hoss of fees arising from ca'es being'tak'en frofii the Quarter Sessions of the county - and tried at the Borough Sessions. The town council' investigated the clain, and awarded him an annuity of 7!. lOs. Mr. Lrangridge, being dissatisfied,'appealedto the Treasury, and obtained an award. for a much larger sumL He then prepared a bond, founded on-the award'of the Treasury, and tendered it to the corporation for execution; but the latter iefused to affix their seal to. the instrnment. The present application was then made. The learned counsel said he feared the proceeding could not-be supported under thle Municinal Corporation-Act (5th and 6th of William IV., chap. 76), for the 66th section of that act seemed to apply only to cases where an officer had 'oeen removed under that act; but he conte'nded that; as Mr.- Langridge had also proceededunpder the 5th and 6th.of- Victoria, chap. 7H, he was en- titled to "what he claimed under the second section of: that st atute. - ' Lord CAMPBELn said, that if the learned counsel'thoukht he could support the rule he might take one. - The expensei of settling the point night, however, fall on the applicant.. Mr. Ci&susinRus said, that was -the difficulty, and it might, perhaps, ha better to get a short act of Parliament - passed to clear up the doubt.-Rule n isi granted, EX E 4RTE LOCKE. In this case a rule had been grunted to set aside a$. ,i. which had been executed on the goods of Robert and Charles Locke. It appdared that on the 26th of November' 1855, a rule had been granted, calling on the inhabitants of St. Faith's, in the county of Southampton, to show cause why amandamzas should not issue, commianding them to meet in vestry for the election of churchwardens. The rule was: granted on an affidavit made ; by Robert and Charles Locke in which they stated that a meeting had been held for the elect-ion of churchlwardens without due notice, and that they -protested against the proceedings as being illegal; but when cause was shown against the rule the Court'decided that there had -been a legal appointment, aud they discharged the rule for the 2nendanius, with "costs. to be paid by the prosecutors " to the defendants. On the8th of February last the costs were taxed- at 201. odd, and after the taxation Berry, who had acted as attorney, in applying for the rule for the first time, informed the defendants that the Lockes were not the prosecutors, but that the Rev. Mr. Holloway was the prosecutor. He then proposed that he should apply to Mr. Holloway for the costs, but in 'the result nothing was paid. Afl.fa. was then issued, and-the amount levied. The p resent rule was then granted on an affidavit 2nade by the Lockes, to the effect that they were not the prosecutors, and had done no more than make an I affiidavit of facts within their knowledge, when applied to for that purpose. Mr. POULDEN, in showing cauoe against the rule, said; the affidavit showved that the course taken by the prosecutors was nothing more nor less than a trick to evade the payment cf the coats. lMr. Serjeant ATncLsONS having supported the rule Lord CimPBELL said, it must- be discharged. The course talen showed that the whole thing was a contrivance along -with Holland andBerry, aud that the prosecutorsresorted to this contrivance to get rid of the costsQ. The otherJuDGESconcurred.-Ruledischargedwzth costs.- TEMPERLEY V. WILLEL. This was a rule which had been granted on the apnlication of the plaintiff for leave to inspect or take a copy of a certain deed alleged to be in the possession of the defendant. Thc defendant wvas said to be a renter of Covent-garden Theatre, and the action was brought against him for falsely representing that he was entitled to sell the plaintiff a free admission to the pit of that theatre. M Afr. CREA4SY (with whom was Mr. Lush) showed cause against the rule, and contended that the only object of the application was to see what title the defendant had, and so to decide whether the plaintiff could safely call bhm'as a witness in an action which he had brought against Mr. (ie for expeUling him from the pit staUls. The question in that action was, whether the holders of the tickets in anuestion were entitled to seats in the pit stalls. But the Court - would not entertain the present application, as it was mani- fest that the action ngainst Mr. Willstt was not brought bond fide, but only with a view to procure evidence to sustain the action against Mr. Gye. Mr. MATTHEWv supported the rule, and contended that the action was brought bona,fide. Lord CAsBELTJ said, the statute about the inspection of deeds was a most salutary one, and obviated the necessity of suitors oscillating between law and equity. But the Court must take care that the privilege be not abused, as it would be if it were granted to assist another action. Tihere was no doubt that the action against Gye was bondfidc, and that the present action was brought snald fide, i.e., to get evidenco against Gye. According to the rules of practice and construction of the act of Parliament the application ought not to succeed; for it was sought to examirne Wiliett on interrogatories, and get an inspection and copies of deeds, which the plaintiff could not do, if Willett were - called as a witness. The other judges were of the same opinion. Rule discharged. THE QUEEN V. THE LONDON AE^D NOBTiIVETER_ P?IL- WAVY COMPANY. The ATTORnEY-GENERAL (with whom was Mr. Skinner) moved for a rule caling upon the London and North-Western Railway Company to show cause why a nandamnuts should not be issued, commanding them to repair the fences and approaches to a bridge constructed over the defendants' railway at Berk-hampstead. The 3d and 4th of William iV., and the 5th and 6th of William IV. required the company to construct good and sufficient parapets. walls, and fences on the sides and apnroaches of their bridges, but nothing was said about keeping them in repair. The company had constructed such fences, but they had been allowved to go out of repair, and, as the surveyors had power only to repair the highways, the present application was made against the company, who stood in the place of the owners of the land who formerly repaired the fences. The CouRT granted a rule to show cause. BAIL COURT. (Sittians in Banco befos-e Air. Justice COLIMIDGE.) TUE QVIEEN V. THE REV. GEORGE RORSSON5, nICAn, AND TIE CHURCRITARDEKS OF KEYNSHAM. Tn tlis case Mr. T. W. Saunders had obtained a rule szisi for a mandamus, to compel the vicar and churchwardens to .reassemble the vestry for the purpose of taking a poll on tihe question of passing churchwardens' accounts. it appeared that in the month of August last the churchwardeus summoned a vestry and proposed a church-rate to defray the expendituro for the ensaug year. The present prosecutor attended the meeting, and when the rate was carried on a show of hands demnanded a poll. The poll lasted three or four days, and resulted in a majority of 80 in favour of the rate. At the March vestry the churchwardens produced their accounts of the expenditure. The prosecutor objected to certain items, and again demanded a poll, which being refused he applied for the present rule. Mr. EDWVA%RDES showed cause. He contended it was a vexatious proceeding, intended only to create annoyance, as from the former poll there could be no doubt as to the result; he submitted the Court would not grant a snandasns, as it did not appear any application had been miade to toe vicar to reassemble the vestry. His LoRDSHIP, without calling on the other side, declated there was no question as to the right to a polL Rule absolute. THE QUEEN V. CLARK AND ANOTHER. Mrr. SCOTLA-ND appeared to show cause against a rule for a u o iwarranto, to remove the defendants from the burgess>roll of the borough of Shrewsbury. Be admitted that he could not contend they possessed a sufficient qualification under the act, and stated that they would resign if the proceedings were abandoned.'; Mr. WExasnB, on the other side, said, there were a number of other persons clainiing under a similar interest. eRul absolute, but not to issue if the defendants and- all those claiming under the same title resign within 14 days.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, WEsTLxsTEP1, MAY 5. TIIO'IAS V. PLAPT.Z' VS?ttings if7 Banco, Eater Tern'.1 'ilus vwas an action for goods sold and delivered and for work done, tried before Mr. Justice Williams at the Guildhall, when a verdict was found for the defendant. MrU. ARClHBOLD now moved to enter the verdict for the plintifn, pursusuit to leave reserved. The action vas brought against the defendant, as a partner on the cost-book principle, in a mine called the Coombe Dilly Mine. It appeared that 363 shares in the mine had been transferred to the defendant by one Lutwyche, who was now dead, and had been registered by the purser of the nine. A letter of Lutwyche to this defendant howed that the transfer was to be 2nade and acted upon only in the event of Lutwyche going abroad, and that the defendant was only to act as the agent of Latwyche. No authority had been given by the defendant to Iutwyche to register the transfer of the shares in his name. The transfer Itself was executed by the defendant, and in it he stated ,hat he accepted the shares. The learned Judges left it to :he jury to say whether Lutwyche had authority to register ihe transfer, and the jury found that he had not. It was now submitted that the transfer was an authority to him to i eS'ster it. eiule nS1i granted. r The rest of the day was occupied with arguments on demurrers, which were of a purely technical nature. sSiUtngs at Nisi Prins, at Wetminster, by adjournmen,4 bcforc Mr. JvsticeW Arxss and .a ComnnonT Jur,.) GJUSSLMA V. CAMP. Mr. Parrywas counselfor the plaintiff, and 3Mr. PNwell :.ppeared for the defendant. This was an action brought by the plaintiff to recover from the defendant damages for injuries done to a horse, which was knocked down by a cart driven by the servant of the defendant. The evidence, *s is usual in " running down cases," was somewhat contradictory, and, after an able speech from Mr. Powell en behalf of his client, and a very humorous replg from Mr. Palrr, -The learned JrrDrJE proceeded to sum up. Ia the course of his observations to the jury he alluded to the epi- sian- "The law of the roadia pado quitc, 'For asyou ae rivngmalor - If you go to theleft you are sure to be sight *^ If yOu go to the.ri4htyou are Wong * andTeTnarked that this poetbial exposition of the law -was as correct as-it was witty. 2Hewas about t.oredapitujate -the evidenco, when - -I-IL - ; The jury said they were uxmiinomusly of opmion that there should be a -verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, lOl. XVFS V. MP.TI. Tie plaintiff, who is housekeeper to a lady residing in St. John's-wood, sought in this action to recover the Eu3m of 501., lent by her to the defendant. At the close of the cate for the nlaintiff.Mr. Chitty, Kho, appeared- for the defendant, too3 a technical objection to the proofs as adduced-by her, but Mr. Justice Willinis over'uled it, and said th3at it was clear that there was no 'answer,to the claim. -Verdict for the plaintiff for 5.(% 'ith imnediatw execution. - : BLUETI V. OR1SSWVL. - - This was an action on a bill of exchange, btut before the case had been opened for the defence, '''' - hlr. JOYCE, who was counsel for the plaintiff, innounced that, as the money due had been paid since action brought, he would consent to a verdict being entered for the sum of is., the Judge giving a certiiicate to entitle him to costs GAY V. J.ILEYNEE. Mr. Pearce was counsel for theplaintiff; and Mr. Lewis for the defendant. - - The plaintiff in this case sued-as endorsee of a bill of exchane foi 301., drawin by a man nained Pound npon, and accepted by, Alexander MGGeachy Alleyne. The name of the defendant has frequentlv been before the public in connexion withl certain cn3ninal ioceedings, in which he, hlis brother, and a man named Coyle were concerned, and it appeared that Pound, the drawer of the bill no2w in aispute, vas clerk to a Mr. Busseil, and'had been engag6ed in some of these proceedings, and especially in the conduct. of the prosecution, the result of which was that Coyle was found g-ulty of perjury; and it wyas contended by the plaintiff that the defendart had accepted this bill of exchanae, and handed it over to Pound, by way of part payment for his exertions in that matter.' Mr. Aeyne, however swore that he accepted it for the accommodation of Pound, and that he had paid him and everybody else liberally for all. thathadhbeen done for him. The jury found a verdict for the defendant., Tu-EsDAY, ULwY 6. (Sitings in Bantco, Easter Term.) Mi'NCIA2,' V. TE SOUTH-WESTERN RLWAVAY COMPANY. This was a demurrer to a declaration. Tho defendants in connoxion with their railway have steamsvessels to convey passengers to the Channel Islands, and the action was brought against them by the plaintiff for losing a portmanteau and hatbox of his for a considerable time, and .for losing entirely a portmanteau, his luggage. The company relied, as to the value of the luggage, on the Carriers' Act; and the questi6n raised by the demurrer was whether this plea was good, and-whether. the Carriers' Act would apply to carriers out of the kingdom. There was a second objection raiked on a technical point. lThe COU1JT gave leave to amend the plea, being of opinion that it was bad. M[r. Lush argued for the plaintiff in support of the - demurrer; and IEr. Mills for the defendant. PA.REER V. THE Ml1DLA.\D LALMWAY COMPANY. *ats was an action brought by the driver of an omnibus tStinford against the defendants' company for refusing him permnission to drive his omnibus through the gates at the Stamford railwray station. I appeared that the defendants had astation on their line at Stamford, ;with gates, through which they admitted the public; and on one occasion they had refused to admit the plaintiff and his omnibus full of passengers and luggage, for which the present action was brought. The declaration was demurred to. -Ir. Phipson appeared in support of the demurrer, and was not called upon to argue it; and lr. Beesley was heard in support of.the declaration.. T he COun¶ were of opinion that the plaintiff had no right of action. The passengers might have that right, but not the omnibus driver. Judgment for the defendants. -OUSEY V. WVORDSWORTHL The COURT gave judgment in this case, which was an application for costs under the 128th section of the County Courts Act. It was an action on a bill of exchange aud on a butcher's bilL The bill of exchange became imumaterial, and the action turned on the butcher's bill. The plaintiff was a butcher at Uxbridge, andtho defendant lived at Chesholt. Most of the goods had been ordered where the plaintiff resided, and some had been 'delivered at the defendant's house. It wjs contended by Mr. Carter, for the plaintiff, that there had been an entire cause of action where the plaintiff carried on his business. Ifr. Honyman, for the defendant, contended that the cause of action was not entire, and that no material part of the goods had been delivered where the defendant resided. In the course of the argumeut "Ackroyd's" case in the Court of Excheauer had been referred to, in which that Court had decided tnat in an action of this kind the cause of action could not be split ; that, although each separate order might be sued for sezarately, when the bill containing several items was delivered it became one cause of action, and the plaintiff wss bound to sue for it all in one suit. The Court thought that that was a convenient and proper rule of construction in cases of this description, and that this must be considere& as one cause of action. Then, if that were so, was it true that a -material part of the cause of action did not arise where the defendant dwelt? The Court thought the delivery of certain joinis of meat at the defendant's did not take away the plaintifl's right to sue as he had done. As the whole bill wasone cause of action, a material part of it-namely, the order for some of the items-had arisen within the jurisdiction of the County Court, where the plaintiff dwelt, and the Countv Court had jurisdiction to try the whole cause of action. On this principle the Court thought the rule ought to be discharged. Rule discharged. (Sittings at Nisi Prius, at Vcstsninster, before .31r. .Tuslicc WsLnL4ass and a Coununot Jury.) The causes tried in the course of to-day were not sufficiently interesting to call for a report.
COURT OF EXCTEOTIECL lfvv a- NEW TRIA PAPEP- TAYLOPR V. LAIARD. (SiUi20 ino -Bah2Mf.) u'his was an action to recover the balance of salary under an agreement whereby the defendant employed the plaintiff to concduct an exploring and trading voyage up the river :Niger, his payment being 201. per cent. on all ivory bought, and a fixed salary at the rate of 501. per montb, such salary to commence immediately, though the vessel in which thecontemplated voyage 'was to be performed was not then built. After some months' delay, the vezsel being completea sailed on her voyage with the plaintiff as a passenger, and at Fernando l'o he commenced his services by engagng natives, and thence proceeded up the river. Conjoined with the plaintiff, an Admiralty agent superintended the cxploratory branch; but, uufortunately, the two leaders differed, and matters proceeded to such a pitch that the p'aintiffrelinquished his command, and remained on board a passive passenger. In due time the Admiralty agent desisted from his scientific pursuits, and the vessel returned to Fernando Po, whence the plaintiff brought her home. When he arrived the defendant called upon him to give up the vessel to his agent, and, being dissatisfied both with the conduct of the plaintiff and the commercial results of the voyage, refused to pav more than 3501., which he had already advanced from time to time to the plaintiff, whereupon this action wvas brought to recovier tho full balance at the rate of 601. per mont-h, or such sum as a jury might award to hun for his services on a quantwn neCruit. The jury at the trial found that the plaintiffhad broken his agreement, but awarded to him 3i22!. for his services in addition to the sum already paid, for -which sum a verdict was entered, subject to a role to enter a verdict for the defendant on the ground that, under the circumstances, the plaintiff, having broken his contract, which -was an entire one, was entitled to nothing at all, and had, in fact, been already overpaid. Sir F. Thesiger, Mr. I. Smith, and Mr. Ialude having been heard for the plaintiff on a fornmer day, as well as Mr. Watson for the defendant, Mr. WIL:E and MIr. ToMNsoN to-day followed the lastnamed learned gentlemen in support of the rule. At the close of their arguments, The CouRT took time to consider its judgment. Judgment reserved. (Sittings at Nis! Prius, before Jfr. Baron -LXXTDz and Co&bwon Juries.) STANTON V. COCURAN. The defence in this case, which wasresumed this morning was that the defendant had not represented that the watcl was gold, and thao.t the plaintiff had taken it in a bargain " for better, for worse," on his owtn judgment, and not upon the representations. of the defendant. Trhe mare had broken knees, and was a confi-med jibber, hut the defendant had sold her since for 20!. Witnesses'werecalled in support of. this view of the case. Mr. Baron li&Trn, in summing up, said the question for the jury to decide was whether, in their opinion, the defendant represented, either by his words or actions, the wvatch in question to be gold, knowing it to be only gilt, for the purpose of inducing the plaintiff to take it in exchange forhis mare. If they thought he had so represented it they must find their verdict for the plaintiff, -with such damages as they considered him entitled to; if not, then their verdict must be for the defendant. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages 10. the watch to be returned to the defendant. On being asked to certify that this was a proper case to be tried in a superior court, His BORDS}II said he considered it was, and granted the certificate. :RODGES V. PERSSE. Mr. Atherton and kr. Barnard appeared for the plaintiffand Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Prentice for the defendant.' This was an action brought to recover a snm of 60.. the amount of a bill of exchange accepted by the defendant. The defendant pleaded that he had received no consideration for the bill, and that the bill had been drawn and accepted for his accommodation; that he had placed it in the hands of one Tregent for the purpose of getting it discounted; that Tregent had endorsed it to one Thomas, also for the pTupose of havin it discounted, and that Thomas, instead of aoing so, franuulently endorsed and negotiated the said bill to the plaintiff for his ovin benefit, and in breach of good faith, the plaintiff knowing the circumstances at e time he took it. - The issue being upon the defendant, it appeared from his case that, being in want of money, he had got his brother, who vws at that time in the receipt of a salary in the Post. office of 5001. per annuin, to draw the bil, he himself accepting it. He then handed it over to a person named l'regent to get it discounted, and Tregent endorsed it to a person named Thomas, who was carrying on the ostensible business of an auctioneer in Brook-street, Grosvenor-square. Thomas kept the bill, and promised in a short time to get it discounted and send the money, but aU the defendant managed to get was a check for 20d., which was dishononred. Me then again appled to him, and at length obtained a sum of 101., which, however, he handed back upon Thomas promising to return rhe bDill. Thom as had since gone away'withont eithertheblllbeingreturnedorUthe money being handed over. The defendant had heard nothing about the bill until this action had been broght. Witnesses having been-called toprovethe caseoumthepart of the defendant, - - The plaintiffs case was, that lie had manytransactions.with Thomas, anld the latteri efig indebted to him in the .sam of l., in payment of thit suaa ho~e ived Iile bil :hplaintiff wras called to p rove this statement. - - Ei. Boato.~n~r~ said, the onlly question fob the jury was, did they believe the evidence of the plairtiff thati Thomas was indebted to him at the time he tookthe bill i= f!e sum Of 5Vs If so, thnverdictnustbefortheplantif. The jury, leing-along time in considering-their verdict -r. Baron.LxRTnz said, if their-verdict was given for the defendant, the other side would move for a new trial, and he should tell the judgesthat the verdict -was-post entirely against the evidence, - and the nule for the. new -rtal 'would bc granted. If the case was tried over 50 times t wold-havethe same result, so- that, by findingagainst the plaintiff they would only be pntting,expenses .upop the .mappy defendant. There was not the slightest reason;for dis eheving the evidence of- the plaintiff- and it had 'been decided over and over agin that a debt was a goDd con. -sideratio for a bilL . - - - 'Ihe jury, after a lengthened consultation, found averdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed.-
.PREROaA.TVV. fn'OTTRr .P lkr. r' 1WAT.RrR V- MnrPw (Before Sir J.- DODSON.) The deceased in this cause, John Tripp, died at Heathrow, in the parish of Hlarmondsworth, on the 24th of September, 1S5M, aged 43. He- executed a mill on the 24th of July that year, by which he gave his property to his ,mother, and, in the event of her pre-deceasing him, then to his cousin, Benjamin Walker, whom he appointed executor. He survived his mother one day, and left bebind him. two uncles and three aunts, his only next.of kinn; in case-hc bacl died- intestate. The will was now propoundedby the executor, and probate opposed by one of the aunts, Jane Burrett, who appeared itn fo-r2n4 pauperis. There was a considerable .iscrepancy in the representations, of tbe 'value of his property;-on the one side it was saic. to 7nmount to 1,OtI., and on-thne other to consist of 1501. only, Three per Cent. Consols. It appeared. that the actual suns was dependent -on a contingent qjuesition as to the validity of the.vwill of the mother. ;In op position to the will it was alleged t.at the deeeased from tbetime of his birth was idiotho, -silly and-incapable of understanding or transacting any matter of buisiness of even the slightest importance. Rotwithstandiog his eompulsory attendance at school for aseveral years.-it 'w-sfound nmpracticable to teach him, and he coud-onlyread ard wrte in an imperfect degree, He was unable t conpreiend figures, sand wS SO utterly ignorantr of the valle of money that he w ould prefer a tbright new penny to a dinv looking sovereign. He was- incapable, e - c -was said, of knowing the contents- of the will, -which was drawn up without his directions orinstruct-ions, his signatureato it being obtained by some person present on the occasion. -His parents kept a beer and tobacco shop, and hc was euWloyed in holdig horses and gathering s p manure in the uillage. The latter was sold by the father, and the proceeds invested for the benefit of the son ina savings-bank. On the part of the executor it was averred that the deceased as of sound, thougn not of strong mind and memory, that he could con-verse rationally and sensibly, and signed the 'will 'ithout croDufldno appeared in support of the will, and characterized the opposition to it as a most scandalous transaction.. The deceased wvas much attached t4 his cousin WlkaLer, and expressed an intention of going to reside vith him after the death of his mother. He ,as an gent in the eecution of the will, which was entitled to probate. -Dr. D ASmES, on the contrar, submitted that it 'was scandalous to attempt to induce the deceased to make a-will. T'he evidence Proved that his appearance was hardly human and that his powers of slad were of the feeblest description. The case eamne -under the -rule of lavr that inf.ants could notnmake avwilL. The learned advocate ha-ving addressed the Court at considerable leng,th, Sir J. DOnsose interposed, and complimented him upon the zeal and ability with which he had argued the case on hehaif of the pauper, but said it wras quite impossible to resist the weight of evidence in favour of the testamentary capacity of the deceased. It was proved bv disinterested parsons that he gave instructions for the 'will, which was duly executed, and it was therefore the duty of the Court to pronounce for it. . .~ ~ ~ ~~a
ADATYRATTV COTTR- MAfA- fi TEHE LTSLETE.-PIRTZ7. (Before-D. L1USMINGTONj) Dr. LuSZLNGTox delivered judgment in this casc, the arguments in which were reported in !IVW 2imes of March 15. This vessel, he said, under Hamburg colours, was seized in the London Docks in December last, and a claim had been given in by Mr. Oldrey, of Hamburg, as the sole owner. She was originally a Russian vessel, and had been twice sold. The first question wvas whether the original sale by the Russian owner was valid; and, secondly, if not, whether the sale to Mr. Oldrey could be sustained? The master took possession of her in March, 1855, and, in answer to an interrogatory, said she was purchased by Mr. Oldrcy, but he knew nothing whatever in reference to such purchase. The information to be deiived fiom the evidence was very mneagre indeed, and less than the Court had a right to expect. There was a bill of sale from Mr;. Totternan, a Russian subject, to Messrs. Schenck and Co., of Hamburg, dated the 25th of -February, 1854, immediately before the declaration of hostilities, and purpDrting to sell the ship in tMaS1itu, she being then on a voyaze from Newcastle to Singapore. If Messrs. Schenck and-Co. were the claimants they could not be entitled to restitution. Mr. Oldrey, however, clained under another bill of sale, dated the 15th of February, 1855, from wvhich it appeared that the vessel -wAas pUtlup to urblic auction by 3Messrs. Schenck and Co., in. the state in which she had arrived from Akyab, where a, provisional pass had been granted to her by the Hamburg consulate. It muAst, from the documents, have been huown to MUr. Oldrey that the vessel -was Russian built, and had been transferred to Schenck and Co. on a voyage to the EastIndies. Referencehad been made to thenapers produced. in the "Atlantic," a case in which a very gross fraud was attemptedtobepractis. A letter dated the 8th of No- -ember, 1S53, itten by r. Totterman to CaptainHal, clearly showed the frauds lMfr. Totterman was practising, and with the intended assistance of Schehek and Co. UInder these circumstances, the Court entertamed no doubt vhatever, and -without reference to any question of law, that Schenck and Co. were not the bond ?tde purchasers of this vessel, and that the saletothem, as in the cases of the "Atlantic" and "Kotka," was false and colourable. The question then arose how far Mr. Oldrey, a purchaser at auction, -was affected by the circumstances which had been set forth ? A sale by auction couldd have no operation per' se .against the belligerent rights of this country; Asuming for the momeat that Mr. Oldrey was wholly ignorant of the fraud which the Court believed to have been practised by Schenck and Co., and that he thought he ws purchasing from them, and not from the origial Russian owner, conld he, with the knowledge he possessed of all the other facts. be entitled to restitution? The Court -was of opinion that when a neutral -merchant purchased a vessel during war, which had been the property of the-enemy, he was bound to ascertain, If he bought from another neutral, that the property in the ship had been duly transferred according to the law of nations; that he w;as beound by the title he took, andi could have no better claim than his vendor would have had. The Court was confirmed in that opinion from the consequences of a contrary doctrine. Schenek and Co. could not have claimed restitution, and Mr. Oldrey, derivin- his title from them, had no better right. The ship must be condemned. TEE ELIZA.-S,LVAGE. This was a suit brought by two smacks, the Aurera's Increase and the Marco Polo, to obtain salvage remnureration for services rendered to the brig Eliza, on the 13th of December last, off Harwich. There having been a strong wind from the N.N. W., the salvors left the harbour to look out for vessels needing assistance. They observed the brig, coal laden, agromund on the sankc sand, and by great enertions got her off and brought her to port. The owniers admitted the services, and tendered 50L. as remuineration, which the salvors rejected. The value of the prope-ty salved was about 2,0001. Dr. Robinson and Dr. Jenner appeared for the stlvors; Dr. Addams and Dr. Twiss for the owners. The COURT thought the tender most liberal., asld therefore pronoumced for it, and condemned the salvors in costs. IISF= OF RUSSAIAN TOIMiE PER F RE.RIBUVT'O. This raft of timber was found afloat in the Black SC by Her Majesty's ship of war Retribution, and was sent to Constantinople, where it has since been sold, and the proceeds transmitted, to this country. Itwas supp)osedto have dritted. from the shipbuilding establishment at Nicholaieff. The question at issue before the Court was whether it ought tob be condemned as droits of Admiralty, or droitsJ -of the Crown. The ADmasLiLTY ADVOCATE contended, on the authority of an order in Council, appendedto the case of the "Rebeckah" (1, C Rob., 231), that all ships and goods casually met with at sea belonged to the Lord H igh Aldmiral, -whose jurisdiction extendedv wherever the sea rolled. In snpport of his -view he cited the exposition of Sir Lionel Jcnlsns, vol,2, p. 742, andcthe charges of that learned judge at the sessions at the Old Bailey and at the Cinque parts, contained in the first vol'ume. He also referred to the patents granted to James, Duke of Yorlk, and to Prince George of Denmark. The same inference was to be drawn from the instructions issued in 1702, and in 1844, to the clerk and receiver of the rights and perquisites of the A dm,iralty. A patent wras to be found in HEay and Marriott's decisions in the High Court of Admiralty, page 60 The QuEE's ADVOCATE (witt whom was Dr. Deane) submitted that the authorities cited, rightly interpreted, militated a"ainst his learned friend. Thse Loird llm"l Admiral, likee any private person claiming against ti1e Crown, must show a title under a grant from the Crowrn Not one case had been cited, from the Conquest up to the present time, showring that where Her Majesty's ships of war pick-ed up anything at sea it w,as to he surrendered to the Lord High Admiral. It was impossible to produce any grant in support of the claim now made. The COun reserved its judgment.
.Advertisement.]-WiII you dine with is t/-day? The ife's Own Book of Coolery' tells wrhat to provide and bov best to dress and lay on thsetable a dinner fortwo ornoreinanystyle, either cbeap or costly, and adopted to any income, rmall er large. T ?his Usefbl DOOkoonton. S above 2,5O orginal reccipts for dishes that can be gotup in any household. and is illustrated wsth 250 descriptive engravings. "JElegant Arts for IAdies" givrs plain instrctions irk every elegant art and graceful aocomplLslment. lrice Zs. 6d. each. Should be in everylady'6 keeping. Becbstci's" Handbook of Chamber and Cage BInlS" (e. L., ' Tresumes in Needlew:ork, by Mm. Wren and - Pollan -ss. 6d.), are the best books on their sulb. Sects. Superblyillustrated. Ward and Iock. 153. Fleet-street. [Adverlsement.]-al ode Society in ome;" a noved, by J. R. Bede, Eeq., astborof "The Wabash," in .evot. is qins puiblished, and may be adatal the libraries. "Uder the attractivo fom of a novel this very interesting and instructive work conveys as iviNd idea of sDciety at Rome, and, indeed, throughout the Ital-an peninsala, Particularly a it is modified by the powrerful inlenee of political circumstances The inCidents of the boolc are of higbly romautie complexion. though strictly true in their essential eharacridic:s, andbringus acquainted with all the personages of note CeoneeMed i the drama of reeent ItahiEn politi'e, including the Italian Sovereizs, I lrini, Gazibsldi, Oudinot. Hanan, Itadetalcy and cthers. W;e are alsointroducedtosomeof the aanguinary scenesof the pcriod of the Reroation,which are given with considerable graphie cffecL An a. combination of history writhromance greater zllcusess haemrely been achieved, or baa been produeti-. of mors intCeret to the sender."MorlozngAdvcrliter,
Fro th IONDON GAZETTE of Tae.cay, lay 6., TARfl CHAMBERLAIN'S OFFICE. APRI 29. Notice is hereby given that Her Majesty will hold a. DrawingRoom at St. James's Palace on 'Thursday, tne 29th of May next, at 2 o'clock, to celebrate Her Majest's birthday. N.B. The Knights of the several Orders are to appear ir their Collars at the Drawing Room on the 29th of May next. tEGU7LATIONS TO BE OBSERVED AT wssE QUEm;'s DRA`N1G ROOM, AT ST. JA43MES'S PALACE. The ladies who purpose to attend Her Majesty's Drawing Boom at St. James's Palace are requested to bring with them two large cards, wvith their names clearly written thereon, one to be left with the Qaeen's Page in attendance, in the ante-room, and the other to be delivered to the Lord Chamberlain, who will announce the name to Her Majesty. No presentations will take place at this Drawing Rooma. It is particularly requested that in every case the naraes be very distinctly written upon the cards to be delivered to the Lord Chamberlain, in order that there may be no diffi,culty in nnouncing them to the Queen. The State apartments will not be open for the reception -f company coming to Court until half-past 1 o'clock. APRfIL 1. Notice is hereby given that Her Majesty will hold a levee at St. James's Palace on Wednesday, the 7th of May next, at 2 o'clock. BUCKINGHAM PALACE, MAY 3. This day had audience of Her Majesty:- The Baron de Brunnow, on a sPecial mission from the Emperor of All the Ruesias, to deliver a letter frominis ImperialM,ajesty, notifying his accession to the Throne. Towhich he was introduced by the E-arl of Clarendon, E.G., Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and conducted by Major-General the Hon. Sir EdwardCust, C.*H}, Her Majests Mlaster of the Ceremonies. WAR DEPART3MZNT, MAY 3. The Queen has been graciously pleased to give orders for the apointment of Major-Generals Henry William Barnard, C.B., and Hery, Lord Rokeby, to be Ordinary Members of the Military Division of the Second Class, or dnights Commanders of the Most Hon. Order of the Bath. WHITEEALT, MAY 3. The Queen has been pleased to constitute and appoint the Right Hon. Robert Montgomery, Lord Belhaven, to be Her Majests igh Commissioner to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland. BOARD OF TRADE, WMITEHALL, MiY 3. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Consular Agent at Rome, reporting that the follow-ing quarantine reglations have been established for the port of Civita Vecchia .- 1. All vessels coming from the Levant, Malta, &c., and all vessels coming from ports admitting to pratique. Vessels coming from the abovementioned ports five days. 2. Should any sick person or convalescent be on board 15 days. 3. All goods and merchandiseto be landed and disinfected at the Lazaretto. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copv of a despatchfrom Her Majesty's Consul at Stockhohn, reporting that the following articles of food wil be admitted into Sweden, free of import duty, until the end of the present year:-Grain and mealof all kinds; bread of aU kinds; grits and rice of al kinds; maize - potatoes and potato meal; butter and cheese; meat of all kinds; animals-oxen cows, and young cattle, calves, and swine; fish, salted-of aikinds, exczept anchovies, sardines, and thornfish; fish, dry or smoked-al sorts, escept salmon and eels; tallowoil and fat of all kinds; candies-tallow, stearine, and mazarmn. MAY1 5. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her M3ajesty's Consul at NaDles, reporting that the Neapolitan Board of Health has established an absolute quarantine of 10 days on all vessels arriving from Malta. THE ECCLESLASTICAL COMITSSIONERS. This Garette announces that Her Majesty in Council has approved of a proposal authorizing the sale of certain property formerly belonging to the office of Chancellor of the Cathedral Church of uhichester. Similar authority is given for the sale of certain property formerly belonging to the prebend or portion of Netherhall Ledbury, in the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and also for the sale of certain property forme-ly belonging to the Bishop of Durham. TRANSMISSION OF NEWSPAPERS. A Treasury warrant appears in this Gazelle respecting the transmission of newspapers by post to British colonies, w hich expression is to incude the conveyance by any British, foreign, or colonial packethoat. The charge for the conveyance of newvspapers betw;een one British colony and another British colony by the closed mails, til& MarseXiles, through the united kingdom is to he 2d. each. COMMISSIONS. Signed by the LoatD-L1 Ersre?-r of the County of SousTaAnrrrox. Hampshire Regiment of Militia.-Ensign Edward Charles Fomrard to be Lient., vice Browns, appointed to the 59th Foot. By the LoaD-LiEu-rcxN.-r of the County ot SuxRagy st Regimnent of the Royal Surrey Militia.-Najor George Palmer Evelyn to be ideut..Col, vice Campbell resigned. 2d Begiment of the Rosal Surrey blliti3.-To be Lieutenants.- Einsign l.ouis Perre GoodhaP. vie Ceriat. promoted ; Ensign-James Elyard, vice Shaxpe, promoted; Ensign William Douglas Legge. vice Chaplin, appointed to the Turkisht Contingent. By the Loan-Lrgursa-Asr of the County of Ross. Ross, Caithness. Sutherland. sad Cromarty Regiment of Rifle h5lihtia.-Ensign WIlliam Snnclair Sutherland to be Lieut., vice Godfrey WVeniseortia Davidson, promoted. By the LoaD-LsXTvs.ex r of the County of Curo3uaTy. Ross, Caithness, Sutherland, and Cronsarty Regiment of Ridle Uilltia.-Robert Douglas, gent., to be Ensign. Memorandum. Abenleesshire Royal Regiment of Militia.-The resignation ofEnsign Willam Grant's commission has been accepted by the Lord-Lieutenant from the 18th of April. This " Gazette" contains notices that the foUowing places have been duly registered for the solemnization of marriages therein:Prmitive Ilethodist Chapel. North Frodingharn, Yorkshire veos.eyan Methodist Chapel, Marsheld, 2domroluthshire. PARTN-ERSBIPS DISSOLVED. S. rallory and G. IL Cowley, Warwick, grocers.-H. SteeImn a and Co., Nottingham, merchants; as far as regards H. T. Zimmer.- Clarke and Taylor, Huddersileld, joiners-Burgesa and Eaton. Saddleworth, Yorkshire. ironfounders.-J. Flood, jun., snd C. B. Schaller, Charles-street, Middlesex Hospital, auctioneers.-Kinowles and 1iaru hewabam and Glocester, svinemerch nts.-Foster and Willson, Liverpool, coat dealers.-Glennie and Nicholson, Market-place, Stoke Newington,andlVapping. grocers.-Rowe, Scribner, and Co., Liverpool. and Scribner. Rowe. andBrown. Port-au- Prince.-H.Thompsotinand J. Beartl_-J. Stoacehewer and Co., Clouigh Bleachoworks. within P11k-sgton Lancashire, blenchers.-Day and Son. Gate-street, Lincoi.'s-inn- i1ehls, lithogrsphic printers.-Barry and Co., T,pe-street, Finsbury, chicory impor ters.-honks, Brothers, Wosaley, Lancashire. cotton ma- .ufacturers; as far as regards B. Ionks.-ichofson 3and Room. LiverpooL. sailakers.-C. Cannon and G. Horsmn, L.ove-lan.e. Eastches and CarberwelL. ice merchacts.-Ha3rttey and tay, Bradford, Yorksnie. svooltrplers.-W. Bryantnand Co., Plymouth, soap manufactd - rers.-Kaye. hrsay ne, and Co., Glashgow merchants; so far as regards It. saye.-a hristie and Alexander, Edanburgh, silk mercers. DELAItATIOgeS OF DIVDEN-DS. W. Rensba v. Le erpool, brewver-frst div. of 3s. ld, any Ionday, at ur. Bir's, I.verpool. 35. Ewainger. Old Change. straw. hat manutfacturer-second div. of Il,=d, Thulrsday next, and three subseqluent Thursdays, at Mir. Sianusfe.d*s, Basinghall-street. BAENKRIJPTCY ESLARGED) James R.ailey, Woeod-streXet, Cheapside, merchant, from Mlay 9 to BAN-KRlUPTCIES ANNULLE.) Roswland Batenian and Robert Hilrdwicke, Carey-street, Lincoinfsinn, printers. James Flood, jun., and Cornelius Robert Schaller, Charlce-street, bliddlesex Hospital, auctioneers. BAhX]RUPTS James Welch, of York-grove-north, Old Kent-road. builder, to currender Mlay 15. at half-past 1 o'clock, June 19, at 12. at ti;e BankuoptsvCourt: solicitor, Mr. t',eatherdelLd, Basiughall-street; official assignee, Mlr. Bell3, Coleman-street-buildings. Louis Adlolph Huri. Albany-street, Regent's-Park, cook, May 20. at 2 o'lock, June I, at l, at the Bankrupts' Court : olicitor, Mr. Stubbs Moorgate-street oSicinl assignee, Mr. Edwards, Sambrook-courbt '3asinghall-street. Hlarcourt 3aster Marley and Foeter Renolds, Old Broad-street, silkmen, Mtay 16. at half-past 11 o'clock, June 17, at 12, at the Bankual Court: solicitors, Messrs. Linklaters and Hackwood, Sise-lane illicial assignee. Mrr. Graham. Thoma.s Horner, St. John-street, and Bridport-place, Hoxton, surgon, Mlay 17. at half-plst U o'cloek, June 13 at half-past 12, at the Bakrupts' Court: -solicitor. M1r.. Bu'chanan, YlZinghall-street; oflicia assihgnee, IMr. Nicholsron Basiaghall-street. Thomas Bate. Birmingham. hat manufacturer. May 17, June 6, at 1ralr-,vast 11 o'clock. at the Birmninghani District Coiut of Bankruptey: solicitors, Mr. Fauzlkner, M%anchester; M1r. Reece, Birmingham; etecial assignee. Mr. Whilmore, Birmingham. eohn Lizars, Birminghazn, general dealer, Miay19. Jnne 16, at halfpst 10 o'clock, at the Birmingham District Court of Bankruptcy: solieltor, tr. East, Eirmingham; offlcias assignee, 3r. Whitmore,Birxairitbam. Hasnry Thornton. Birminghiam and Walsall. baker may 19 Juine 16, at 19.o'clock- at the Birminghiam District Court of iakruPitcy soli- citor,311r. Ludlow.Birmingham.; o919cial assignee, tr. Christie, BirGraam hlllpsu. tamoed sene ercant, Mlay 20, June 17. at liaf-catl oclok. t he inaghm DsiretCourt of Bankruptcy. at ~i,~~hm soictos.Mr La. tafod:andMeess. Hodigson and Allrn.Bbu,ssbnghm o°fcial assignee. 31r. lanrrs, Nottingham. Rolsut'ebb, Newport. Mfusonmuthire.ironmaonger, May 19. June 17 aIl.iloci. atthe ristl Dstrit Cort o Banrupty: ollcitori, B fee,,n. ,Jtvan and Gicling, Bristol: orheini assignee, lr. 31iller, Edmonn AupinaU and John Abraham Robinson. Bolton-leBloor Laasbhire. machine makers, 3tay 20. June 10, at 12 o'clock, at the Manahecter District Court of Bankruptcy; wolicitors. Messrs. Richarilsarnod Binnell, Bolton, and Kcs,,Ls. Higson and Pobinson, Manchesler sa flicial assignee, Mr. Pott, Mazichester. Christoirar Tuier, Bolton-le-0oors. Lancashire, machine ma3er, Mray 20, Jnne 10, -at 12 o'clock, at the ianchesterDistrict Court of Bankruptey: solicitor Mess.RicharJcon aead IinmlU, Bolton; offlcial assixgnee, Xnf.Petl. Manchester. Sa3muel i B^laInchester, tolocconist, Ygay 22, Jmmc 6, at 11 O'clock, at the htsnchester District Court of B-AnkruptcY: solicitors, lk. iSolomao. Borough-road. Sarthwark. andl Mlessrs. Sale, %Vorthingtor,.anzd57nipman, 3Manchmoer; official assigne, 4r. Heramaman, Maniec,oer. DIVI)EE;DS. ,P,ay29. W.P. I10:rapp. Davies-street, BerkdLey-square, furrier.- Vy29, 1. and.T. If. Snook, Iiailsmermitli. linendrapers.-May 29, .P. Courtenai. Thames Di'ton and. East Msiulsey. Surrey, cow,-cper. -13lay29. .Zj..E.mith. Jew-y-stroet. A gate, prosisionr mer,eqbi14s%-May 30, A. BrstVmnry, Oldbam. cotton-sianner.-Alay 28, W. ,(04rkc, AItrinbaA,,Ghesaximn. joi4Oer.-a Ey 27. S. Archer, loc6hdale, io0U"' nanufactuar-iy 27. D. W., 1W. II. snd A. J. Acraman, '$V. 3'qmsn.T lHoIg4.idJ.2N FrnLLn. Bristol, sbipbuilders.- Jaao.l,13 .. Dawes, 'lT,etgL'nton. licenouilsed i.ctnatler- Iay33, F. D. ibt iInirAlgham, be tornt-Sdy 2&, r. aige, b Rigsztot-uPcont-url meaulrSnl.-Mhfay 30. 7:. Xsoncb 3edIington, Durham, brewmer.- 'tMay29, AV.Eall. Totncs,.nluer.-Mhay9,9 Hh. IL b-er, RGorastlev Corn- wall, reocerolay 29, R.eOllusd H. Meo, se. Dhoma-sbyOxmfceston, Cornwt ll, briinlers.-luay r2, B. Vick7ers, Newton BusheDr, Devonshire, Hoelor,chant.M5g maker and 27. W. Rse, niouutte drapers. -Muay 21s, t. ili e, E2onJiH, isaker. LEFTArB;Ed to he gina Olli,' eaane be rown6to the cntrary on the doy. : meeting. M ay 29. B. Deaavdi , K;ilbura,' l- cher.-` y 29. r . ueorton . Covelard-street, lltzroy-syuare, mnsict suih4*.-Llay 27, }. DaviS Oxfordat5'ret, cabinet snanqfccturer.-M.sp 2J. B. Idictrolson, Soothamptou- toRrt, Holborr. garpat-ing rmal;r.-M 2j 27, W1 Bennett, Margareat olicce. Cavend'istjus, victualler.-jiaay 27, o3 H. avteG, Aerga- to:noy, snrreyor.-aene5, J. P. V '-ey, ,zcter, hatter.-JQun 5, F. *Y. feit chvmstn3ay2t . Cak Rr irerpool,P millcr.-Jrp t, W. Stes,csoil, Loicster, befchcr.-June. 12KB. Greene, Ideh.ield, ba01e~-serbne ii f. Smith,Sed1geley. StaFlelahire, farmcr.-Juas .0 B. W ,L, Hudder3fite1d, eswllen-merhault...Jene 6, Sf. Douglas, York, ts¢jlo,.tlay 31. HI. Eaido, 6heffidd, lineuzdraper. SCOTORI SEQlUSTRATIo2NS, J. Msaaob, Ilioaklasb Pifesijre, grocer, May 13, at 12 o'clock, at Altke,gR'x e1,5 lTJrt-.I Dtm'erailine. . ai. Ia Ulasgnur, Xr&iu merchant, Mray {1, at 2 'clock. at the George W. Morrionan Co ~eit ji, merwchans,§ Nay 12, at l o>.79lptk 5t the|
THE CRIMRAN BOARD OF INQUIRY. p Yesterday, at 11 o'clock, the Board of General Officers) met agaix and pursued the investigation. His Royal Highness. eke fluke of Cambridge Was present during the greater part of the sitting, as were also Lord Lucan and Admiral Sir James Dundas, the latter of whom had been summoned as a witness. The public were again in attendance in considerable numbers. In reply to a question by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE, as to the absence of Colonel Tulloch, Dr. Balfour, his medical attendant, said, he regretted to state that Colonel Tulloch was so seriously ill that his attendance before the board at present was quite out of the question. On his retiring from the board on the preceding day he (Dr. Balfour) had felt it his duty to call in Sir James Clark and another eminent physician to see him, and he now held in his hand the certificate of those gentlemen, which stated that, on seeing Colonel Tulloch on Monday afternoon, they found him labouring under such a degree of bodily and mental depression, arising from long continued anxiety and bodily fatigue, as to render him wholly unequal, except at great risk, to transact any matters of business, and that an interval of mental repose was, in the highest degree, neces sary to restore him to his wonted health. Sir R. Airey expressed his regret at the indisposition of Colonel Tulloch, the more so as it placed him (Sir R. Airey) in a position of some difficulty and delicacy in ca]ling his witnesses in the absence of Colonel Tulloch. In the absence of that gentleman it was almost impossible for him (Sir R. Airey) to touch upon particular points of the examination to which he was anxious to advert. In addition to the change made in the evidence of Colonel Wetherall, which was brought under the notice of the board on the preceding day, he found that great alterations had been made in the evidence of Colonel Gordon, as it appeared in the commissioners' report, which Colonel Gordon was prepared to sa he had never sanctioned. It was, therefore, distastef to him (Sir R. Airey) to go on with his case ia the absence either of Colonel Tulloch or of Sir John M'Neill, inasmuch as he should be extremely sorry if one or both those gentlemen had not an opportunity of crossexamining his witnesses. GeneranPEEL reminded Sir Richard Airey that the attendance of the commissioners before the board was perfectly optional with those gentlemen. Sir It Airey was aware of that, aand if Colonel Tulloch had abstained from attending the board altogether the case would have beendifferent, but, since that was not so, it was too late to say that the attendance of the commissioners was optional. The JUDGE-ADVOCATE said, Dr. Balfour, Colonel Tulloch's medical attendant, had just informed him that on the retirement from the board of Colonel Tulloch on the preceding day from illness, Sir John Mh'LTeirnhad been apprised of that circumstance by letter, and it remained to be seen whether, under the circumstances, Sir John would nov appear before the board. He (the Judge-Advocate) would in the meantime call the attention of Sir R. Aireyto the terms of the Royal warrant under which the board was constituted, which were that the board was to institute an inquiry into the statements contained in the report of the commnissioners affecting the conduct of certain officers and others in the army, wbuch conduct the commissioners had| made the subject of animadvervsion. Hoe thought that, in the absence of either or both of the commissioners, Sir Richard Arey ought not to pursue the course he had taken on the preceding day, the object of which appeared to be to impugn to a certain extent the character or credit of the commissioners. Sir R. Airey said, he had not the slighest desire to impugx either the character or credit of the commissioners, and if that had resulted from the course he had taken on the previous day, it was not from any wish on his part that it should be so, but rather the inevitable effect of the manner in which the commissioners had prepared their report. The JUDGE-ADVocATE said, the board seemed to think there was something personal in the mode of examination adopted by General Airey on the previous day, and that his object was to impugn the good faith of the commissioners. Sir R. Airey again disclaimed any such wish on his part. The JUDGE-ADVOCATE reminded Sir Richard Airey that he had made an allegation on the preceding day as to the suppression by Colonel Tulloch of a portion of the evidence given before the commissioners by Colonel Wetherall, and made a similar statement that (yesterday) morning with reference to the evidence of Colonel Gordon. Sir R. Airey said, Colonel Gordon and Colonel Wetherall had made those complaints as to the manner in which their evidence had been treated by the commissioners, and he could not avoid adverting to them. The JUDGE-ADvocATE said, Colonel Tulloch stated on Monday that Colonel Wetherall's was the only case in which the evidence of a witness had been inserted in the printed report of the commissioners, without being previously signed by the Nwitness, and he also related the circum| stances under which the omission was made in that instance. He likewise stated that Colonel Gordon returned to the commissioners his own evidence, copied out in his own handwriting. Sir R. AiREY said, it was for those and other reasons that he felt some delicacy in going on with the examination of his witnesses in the absence of Colonel Tuiloch. The commissioners stated in their report-speaking of the manner in which the examinations of the witnesses had been taken and given, in the appendLz to their report-that " it would have been easy to relieve them of many repetitions, and otherwise to dress and polish them, without materially altering their import; but we have thought it better to submit them without erasing the rough original stamp of authenticity, than to change im aniy respect the form in which they were returned to us, corrected and signed by the witnesses." It was impossible for him (Sir R. Airey) to go into that matter without the presence of Colonel Tulloch. The JUDGE-ADVoCATE said, the report of the commissioners was laid before Parliament, and so far was to be considered an official and complete document, and it was competent for the board, under the terms of the warrant by which they were constituted, to hear explanations from amy officer who felt himself aggrieved by any statements contained in it. Sir R. Airey said, that circunistanceinvolved a very serious question, because Colonel Tulloch said the report was to receive the support and approval of the Government. It became, therefore, a material question whether the Minister of State who made that intimation to Colonel Tulloch was aware that there had been certain alterations and omissions in the evidence taken before the commissioners. General BERKELEY said, the board could not compel the commissioners to come before them. It was perfectly optional with them to come or stay away, and he did not see why the board should not proceed with the inquiry in their absence. The PRESIDENT said, he did not see how the board could well adjourn. Major Keane, of the Royal Engineers, was then called by Sir R.Airey. He said he went to the Crimea at the end of December, 1854, in charge of the hutting, in company with a subaltern officer, whose services he lost soon after his arrival there. He was told he was to be accompanied by some Sappers, but that arrangement was not carried out; he could not say why. Considerable delay arose in the construction of the huts, which was mostly due to the arrangements Iu the harbour at Balakdava, which made it a matter of the greatest difficulty to land the huts, and the utter want of transport whlen they were got on shore. Sir R. Airey caUed the attention of witness to alpassage in the report of the commissioners as to the difficulties of providinw hut accommodation, in which they said :_ "No scarcity of wood existed along the shores of the Black Sea, but the difficulty was to provide it at the camp in sufficient quantities for building purposes. Hired labour could not be obtained, and the demands for the services of the troops in the trenches and for other military duties were such that they could not be spared to prepare it, even had they been capable of doing so." Again they said:- " The difficulties which subsequently arose in regard to land transport do not appear to have been contemplated vihen these huts were ordered; otherwise it mnst have occurred to the authorities, that when the whole land transport of the army was insufficient to carry to the front the supplies necessary for the subsistence of the men, the arrival of 2,500 tons of buildig material was more lik-ely to add to the confusion of a crowded harbour and crowded wharfs than to diminish the sufferings of the troops. Even now it is doubtful whether the labour undergone by the men in carrying those huts to the heights, during the months of January and February, was compensated by the advantages derived from them, though these were admitted to be great. Some of the commanding officers declined to employ their men on that duty, beheving that the evils were greater than the advantages." They added:- I " Before the first vessel arrived, however, the troops had I to be enmployed in carrying provisions to the front, and so much had their strength been reduced by their sufferings, and such was the state of the roads, that a weight of from 201b. to 251b. was as much as a man could bring up from Balaklava. Indeed, it is stated in evidence, that men could not have carried their arms, accoutrements, and ammunitiou from tlle heights to Balaklava and back in a day, through such mud as it was necessary to traverse. It consequentfy required from 250 to 300 men to carry up a single hut sufficient to accommodate at the utmost 25 men; and as, at this rate, it was impossible to spare a sufficient number from tneir -other duties, the atte-m-pt' -h- ad t-o b-e a-ban-d-o-ne although that accommodation, if there had been transport, would hlave beent of the utmost advantage during the rest of the winter." He asked the witness if the difficulties, so stated by the cosn.missioners, were the principal cause of the delay that had taken plaee in the construction of huts9 Major Xeane said they were, and he did not think tho commissioners could have had any adequate conception of the difficulties that existed in that respect, although they lied described them so graphically. As an engineer officer (he continued), he did not think that adequateshelter could have been constructed for the cavalry horses by means of canvas. Those of a contrary opinion had not taken into account one of the properties of canvas. It was a fact that even the night dew or the least damp made canvas shrink very considerably ; consequently the tent work on which it was stretched would require to be very elaborate, which frame work, b;esides, materially divested canvas shelter of the character of lightness and facility of transport that many ascribed to it. The witness then related in some detail the difficulties that stood in the vway of providing canvas shelter for the troops in the Crimea, as well on the plateau as in the valley of Ksdikoi; the great want of artificers and carpenterS he experieneed to construct the huts; and how hopeless it 'was to attempt to enlist the c.ws of the ships at Balalclava for that purpose from the oaiecous and pressing duties which devolved on them in the harbaur in the disembarldng stores and ballasting the vessels before leaving the place. Sir Rishaed Airey then read a report made to him on the 0th of DXcih last by Mfajor Raiues, of the 95th Regiment, who was af Balaklava in December,' 1854, and who had' charge, among other duties, of the transport animals of the Royal $appert and tMiners there, about 20 in number, nine of Wdch were bulloks and the rest mules. It will be reco01;ectid that the way in whichthose transport animals were sheltered and maintained during the winter af 1851-5 has often been cited as an-example of what might have been in providing shelter and forage for the cavalryhorses. The tendency of Major Railnes's report went to show that the ease of those animals was altogether peculiar-that they consisted wholly of mules and bullocks, which were not generally overworked, were always pretty near to their forage, and were small in number, and therefore that they afforded no example of wrhat might have been done in the w.ay of providing food and shelter for the cavalry. Admiral Sir James Dundas was next called, and, in reply to questions by Sir IL Airey, said, the fleet under his command in the Black Sea was fully manned, with the exception of the loss of about 500 men from cholera out of 10,000. In the winter of 1854 the fleet was distributed in three divisions, the sailing vessels being before Sebastopol, the majority of the teamers off Balaklava, and some other vessels off Eupatoria. He (Admiral Dundas) landed 2,400 seamen and 2,000 marines from the fleet to assist the army in the Crimea, and among them were 50 shipwrights. When he found that the men landed from the fleet were not allowed tents by the army some spare sails were landed for their use. He could not say what quantity, but every shiplanded as much as she could spare for thatpnrpose. Every shlip in the fleet had a spare set of sails, besides those she had on her yards, but those spare sails were required for service, and could not be sent on shore. Alter the hurricane on the 14th of November, he directed Captain Lushington, Commander of the Naval Brigade, to send as many carpenters as he could spare down to Balald ava to repair the damage done to the shipping on that occasion. He (witness) left on the 20th of Dvecember, 1854, and at that time the carpenters were employed at Balaklava. Before leaving he gave directions to Captain Heath, stationed at Balakiava, to retain them there aS long as he had any need of their services. He bore testimony, from his personal experience, to the extreme readiness and zeal which every man in the navy had shown to assist the army, and particularly the transport service, which he thought had been unjustly belied. It ought to be homne in mind, that a man belonging to the transport service could not by compulsion be made to leave his ship on any extraneous service; but he never knewv them refuse to do so when asked, and when extra pay was offered to By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE.-An order was sent tothe fleet by the Admiralty to send all sails that were not seaworthy to Malta, and that was done. He did not know that a supply of canvas could have been obtained from Constantinople; and he thought it very doubtful that carpenters could have been procured there. T£herewas a great nmnber of sailing and transport vessels at Balaldava, but all the carpen. ters belonging to themwere employed in repairingtheir owrn ships and the men of war that had been damaged by the hurricane. By General PEED.-The canvas landed from the fleet for the use of the Naval Brigade was put up on spars, and that arrangement answered famously. Mr. Boyd, the chief storekeeper in the Commissariat Department in the Crimea, stationed at Balaklava, and who had the issuing of the Quartermaster.General's stores there, read to the board a graphic account of the way in which they were piled uin vast quantities on the landing-place at BalakLava for weeks together, and e.xposed to rain, snow, and plunder. There were also, he said, immense quantities of stores on board of ships in the harbour which could not be landed for want of boats, which were employed in the embarcation of the sick and wounded. When a requisition for stores was given to him he delivered them with the greatest despatch, inasmuch as it was an object with him to get rid of the stores on the landing place, and so to make room for others. Occasionally requisitions were made which had some informality, but be did not allow that to stand in the way of giving out the stores, and he often issued stores without any requisition at alL He frequently offered rugs to the quartermasters, but they refused to accept them on the ground that, as they stated, they were not suitable for men in the field. He also had some soiled blankets, which he offered to the quartermasters, but they declined to take them. He believed that was in December. The evidence he was now tendering to the board had reference to the time between the middle of December up to the following June. It did not apply to November. He would gladly have given to quartermasters anything in the shape of stores which he could have got at, and they had ample opportunities at al times of seeing what there was in store. He never refused an application for greateoats. He had sheepskins in store at the same time with greatcoats. The men preferred the sheepsldus, of which there was no want, as thousands remained after all the men had been supplied. He had alsa a great quantity of boots in store, an he gave away all of them that were large enough. The hoots arrived in barrels, each of which contained 80 pairs, bat on an average, not more than 10 pairs out of SO could be got that were large enough. Eventualy he allowed the quartermasters to open the barrels themselves and take away what boots they liked, the soldiers being pernitted to fit themselves. Now, in the state in which the stores were, it was impossible at all times to see what was in store. During the whole winter it was al guess work as to what quantity of stores they had, or where they were to he found. By the JUDGE-ADVOCATEz.-WIWS the quartermasters refused the rugs they were in daily expectation of a better supply of warm clothing arriving. The quartermasters had frequently not the -means of taking the stores away when they were issued, for want of transport. Colonel Wetherall was recaled by General Airey, and explained the formalities attending the process of granting requisition for stores, w-hich, to say the least, were sufficiently circuinlocutory. General Airey said, he tendered that evidence to smhw what the chain of communication was between the army and his department. Captain drise, of te Admiralty, was next caled, and stated, in reply to the JUDGE-ADOCveTE, that he had the general superintndendce of the transport service duringthe autumn and winter of 1854, though the details were carried on by another department. The contracts were made by public advertisement with the sailing ships, but by ag,reement with the steam vessels, the owners of the latter not having sent in any tender in reply to the advertisement in any one case. He thought, generaUy speaking, it would have been injudicious for any transport to have parted with her extra sails, inasmuch as she had only one spare set on board to meet emergencies. Besides, it was stipulated in the charterparty that each transport was to keep up a certain stock of sails during the existence of the contract. An order was given, however, to all the transports to supply whatever spare sails they could for the use of the army, and give any other assistance in their power. By General Airey.-A serious question would have arisen on the charterparty if the quantity of spare sail bad been parted with. In one case a claim was made on the Admiralty for compensation for some that had been so parted with, and allowed. Colonel Chapman, at the request of General Airey, explained the temporary sheds that were erected, with the aid of sail cloth, in a sheltered spot at Balaklava, formed by the front of a house and three sides lof a court-yard, for the baggage animals of the Sappers and Miners, and he entered into some particulars to show the peculiar difficulties in the way of maintaining canvas she ter both on the plateau and in the vale of I3adikoi, chiefly from the high winds that prevailed at times, and especially during winter, in both those parts of the Crimea. Colonel M'Kenzie was recalled, and stated that he made it his business every aftemoon before dark to communicate with Captain Christie at Balaklava or his secretary in reference to the stores that were wanted from time to time. Sir R. Airey said, he did not believe that a single transport arrived in Balaklava that had boats or a crew sufficient to land its own eargo. In reply to the JUDGE-ADVOCATE, Sir Richard Airey said he had other witnesses to call, but he should like to examine them in the presence of Colonel Tulloch. He wished also to examine Colonel Tulloch himself. The JUDGE-ADVoCATE said, the medical attendant of Colonel TuUoch had informed him that there was little chance of his being able to appear before the board tomorrow (this day) ; but notice of his imness had been sent to Sir J. M'Nei, and a suggestion made to him that there was an opportunity for his app-arg before the board, and it was probable an answer would be received from him on the following day. Sir R. Airey said, he should prefer Colonel Tulloch to be present; but if Sir John M'Neill was prepared to identify himself with the position assumed by Colonel Tulloch, he could have no objection to his attending instead of Colonel Tuiloch. At the same time he felt that he could not go on withithe examination in the wayhe w^ished without Colonel Tulloch being present. General Rowvi said, Sir Riclhard Airey would be aware that the board had no power to compel the attendance of Sir J. ArNeil as they had that of a military officer.. SirR. Airey supposed that was so; and he repeated that it would be more satisfactory to him to have Colonel Tulloch present, as he wished to exaniine that officer. Colonel Gordon, on being asked by the JUDGE.ADVOC,ATE if he was prepared to go on with Iis case, said he was, and that he only had to complain of the manner in which his evidence had been treated by the commissioner*; but, before being examined, he should like to have tie commissioners, or one of them, present. Sir R. Airey said, he should be pre ared to say on Thursday what course he should take in the event of neither of the commissioners being in attendance on that day. The JUDGE-ADVOCATE requested Mr. Crookshank to inform Mr. Commissary-General Filder that the board would expect him to be prepared to proceed with his case this week if they should think it necessary to call upon him to do so. By a slight error in the report of Monday's proceedings, Mr. Tilder was stated to have said he imported * I I1000 arti. ficers from Trebizonde and other places," instead of " 1,000 labourers from Constantinople and other places-" and the inadvertent substitution of the word " no " for " a" made a sentence in Colonel Wetherall's evidence obscure. What he said was, that earl n January a general order was issued by Lrd agla, gvingto verysoliera newv pair of boots ifbthe coudB goon tgoBaelavkilayvaoand get them, and their notgettingthemwas no reflection on the Quartennaster. General's department. The hoard adjourned at 4 o'clock until Thursday at 11.
[Advertisement.--Education is advantageous as a means of uefulness. But how few really possess what may be termed a comprehensive education ! Jobu Casseil intends to afford the opportunity of acquiring sound, practical, and useful knowledge through the medium of his entirelY new work-namely, "John Cassel's Educational Course.' The fint number of this course is now ready, price lid., to be continued veekly. Each number consists of 32 pagesdemy octavo v.ith diagrams. The course commences with " Science Popularly Explained " or 4,000 questions on5 various branches of ef^nce. vith' plian an inteDigible answers. London: W. Xent, and Co. raternoster-row, and alt bookseller. [Advertisement.]" The Poisoner of the 17th Century.' In fcp. Svo, price Is.If, fancyboards, or free by post for 22 stamps. " The Marchioness of BrinviMiers, the Poisoner of the 17th Century," by Albert Smith. Great as is the interest generally taken by tho public in Mfr. Albert Smith's works. it iS nevertheless very much to be doubted if "The Marchioness of BrinviDiers" wilt not exceed in sale any of his previous publications. On the eve of a trial without a paralel in this country, it vividly portrays by a master mind similar dark and mysterions deeds that actually occurred two centuries sinsd in Framce, and which, by their exciting interest, have become matters of history in the annals of that country. London. George Routl-.dDe pnd Cg., FrrinaddeD-eeeS; ans all boohste7es and raillwy statioDs.
IBBLAND. (mROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDE-NT.) DUBLIN, TuEsDAY Mopnm. THE ?IRDEli OF MiIS. KELLY. The informations in the case of Mr. George Strevens, who stands charged with being accessory to the miurder of MIrs. Saurah Kelly, having been returned, his counsel will apply to-niolow to the Court of Queen's Bench to admit the prisoner to bail. It is understood, however, that the application will be strenuously resisted by the Crown, on the ground that the evidence already obtained is sufficiently strong to warrant Mr. Strevens' further detention in custody. As yet the public are in complete darkness as to the nat-ure of this evidence, the press having been excluded-perhaps properly so-during the twvo days' macgisterial investigation at Moate; but it is thought probable that the secresy wthich has been so f.ar observed will be partially broken by the proceedings in the Queen's Bench on Wednesday. THE 3MUERDEREIS OF MIISS IINDS. The Attorney-General has refused to give his fiat for the bringing of a writ of error in the case of the convict Dunne, convicted at the last special commission of Cavan for inciting and hiring others to murder Miss Hinds. The objection, it may be recollected, meant to be relied on was that, when one of the jurors became unwell, after the prisoner had exercised his right of challenge, and another was sworn in his place without objection and before aly evidence was gone into, the prisoner should have been ag<r.ain put to his challenge, as if it were a comp.letely new jury, even though he did not object to the substituted juror. The law will, therefore, take its course, and the two convicts will be executed on Friday, the 16thinst., at Cavan. THE FU1NDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 914* ditto, for account, May 8, 914 i; ditto, for new account, June 9, 92g; New Three per Cent. Stock 921 4' ditto, for account, May 8, 92, 4 4 92; Bank Stock, A2l; Waterford and Limerick Railway Debentures, 5 per cent., of 5001., 95; Midland ditto, 4. per cent., of 3OO1., 99; Grand Canal Company shares, 3&j. Railways.-Cork and Bandon, 84; Dublin and Drogheda, new shares (thirds), for account, 22; Dnblin and. Wicklow, 54 ; Dund.ic and Enniskillen, for account, 13.x; Great Southern and Western, 514- ditto eighths, 6 per cent. preference, 7g; Midland Great Western and Royal Canal, for account, 511; ditto, half shares, 25g. _
THxE CEninAxox or PEACE.-Preparations for the display of fireworks on the 29th inst. to commemorate the treaty of peace having been carried on at Woolwich with great energy, although on a scale of unprecedented magnitude, are nearly brought to a close. Upwards of 3,000 men and boys have been engaged in the works night and day, and about 90 carpenters from the carriage factory have been employed in getting up the frame work and arranging the waggons necessary for the conveyance of the materials to London. Twenty-five ambulance waggons have been covered in, and about 80 pairs of cart horses hired for the purpose. Anumber of novel designs have been brought out, and tested satisfactorily, some of which are of unusual dimensio3ns, and consequently require a peculiar kind of trans2ort. Some representations of iRosnan fountains, of 100 feet m height, will probably be considered 1hemost attractive. Twro ofteseare intendedto boe erected in each of the Parks, and one on Primrose-hill. There will be lik-ewise some huge designs of revolving stars, 28 feet across cr 14 feet each way from the centre, besides the newly-in-vented Boxer star sheUls of various colours, together with innumerable -wheels and myriads of improved rockets, &c. As it is expected that some considerable quantity of the prepared materials will remain unused in London, the remnant will be reserved for a second display on Woolwichcommon. [Advertisement.j-" Bell's Life in London" of Sunday next, Mcay11, with a uratis Supplement, will contain full and exclusive rartienaxs of the Chester Spring Meeting-the Chester Cup Race. ac.-Programme and Anticipations of MFancbester-Beeing abroad -Intelligence Extra-Latest Betting, and au the Turf News of the Wcek-coumsin-Steeplechasing-Aquatics-Yachting IntelligenceRowngat the niversities - Cricket-Important and xeiting Matches -Ches-Pedestrinanism-the Ring-tne Championship; -iXghtbetweeu Brookes and Hlicks for £50o-Wrestling-Trotting- Pigeon ShootingCaaine-Iatting; and all the Sporting and 3iscellaneous Inteligence of the Week. Price, rith Supplement, aL stamped; 5L unstamped. Ofice, 170, Strand. [Advertisement.]-The "Sunday Times," the largest newspaper in EgI:and, contaais 72 folio cohmms. The best Sumday eer for advertisers. for general and latest information. Is now cireuaeted in Sydney, Mlelbonrte. France. New York; Boston. Phitadelrhis, throughout the colonies, and all the agricultural districts in England, Ireland, and Scotiand. The Supplement contains latest Assicultoral Rows, with a Leader thereon. svlticn vexpressly for this JourDal. Qfflice. 103, fleept-stret, Londoo
I COUDT of BAYXRUPTCY, 7Baslnj-sfrAt May 5. 1 PRE J. B. TOKER. I MRr.f A*r"nnr OYD.l The bankrnpt, who has been a captain in theoyal Navy, I s described as a manufacturer of malleable cast iron, of Manchester and elsewhere. This was an examination mieeting It appeared, from the exanination of the bankrupt by Mr. Bagleyon behalf of the assignees, that in November, 1854, he purchased a carriage from Rogers, of North Audley. street, for 210 guinea, and that the carriage was almost immediately sent down to his sister's, Miss Taker, the Oaks, fspinge, near Faversham, Mwho had since paid him 0 for it, nd which had been applied by rs. Toker and himself in the payment of laew yeri and other bills. He bad been married abont 20 months, and his wife bad S00L. a-year over 'which he bad no controL. They bad resided at Stafford-house, Idaida-hilL. The furnituare at Stafford-house was Ers. Toker's ownr property, aud it had been removed to the Oal;s. Hte had ben only a sleeping partner in the iron trade, which had been discontinued some year He was in prison when the adjudication of bankruptcy was made. The petitionimg creditor was M1r. Glover, one of his wife's trustees. N, o accounts had been filed, and he had no property whatever for his creditors. His HoNoui said the bankrupt mnust fie accounts, and adjourned his examination sine die, with protection for one month. I-N E1. W. 0. YOUNG. The bankrupt was a shipbroker, of Sun-court, Cornhill, and elsewhere. Mfr. J. Smith, of Aberbeen and 30, Westbourne-terrace, and Mr. Aves, of Leadenhall-street, were now appointed assignees. The preliminary statement of the hankrupte affairs by M essrs. Harding and PuUein shows liabilities, 60,0501. (a large portion of which it is expected will run off); unsecured creditors, 32,3921.; secured, 1,000l.- insurancss, 3,124l.; underwriting, 2,850?. The assets (which are of very uncertai realization) are supposed to be about 30,000l.
POQLICE. BOw-sTEE r.-Matthew Taylor, a police constable of the D division (No. 57), appeared before 3fr. JARDfLE, by direction of the Commissioners at Scotland-yard, to answer the charge of having bratally assaulted a voung lady on the day of the proclamation of peace. M. Parry, the barnister, attended for the complainant, instructed by Mr. R. Davies, of Buckmngham-street. The learned counsel regretted that he had to direct the attention of the magistrate to one of the most cowardly andunprovoked Lassaults ever charged against the police. As a body, he beleved the metropolitan polce were as excellent a setof men as could ever be united for a s ilar purpose; but there must necessarily be exceptions; and whenever a case of this kind occurred it was due to the public that the matter should be fully investigated. The young lady upon whomthe outragenow complainedof hadbeen committeddwas little more than a child,-certainly under age,-and a person whose appearance one might have supposed would have commanded the protection of the police on such an occasion. The defendant, on the other hand, was a tall, powerful man, presenting a striking contrast to the lady, and so marked in features and physical proportions as to render it almost impossible that there could have been any mistake about his identity, although he believed the answer to this charge would be that the lady was mistaken on this point. After briefly detailing the circumstances of the case the learned gentleman examined the following witnesses - Miss Clementina Archer, the complainant, who deposed: -I am at present residing at 15, 1'ercy-street, with a lady namcd King, at whose house I have been visiting. On the 29th of April I accompanied Mrs. King and another lady to Charing-cross to witness the proclamation of peace. We were near Farrance's, the pastrycook's, when in consequence of the crowvd I became separated from my friends. I saw them at the distance. The procession had then passed. I made an effort to rejoin my companions, upon which a policeman seized me roundthewaistand forcedameback. Before I had time to speak to him he seized me by both shoulders. I asked him to allow me to join two ladies who were with me, but he said I should not-no one being allowed to pass there. He continued to hold me tight by the shoulders. I struggled to get free, and jerked myself partly round, when he drew his staffand struck me a blow on my shoulder, At this moment a gentleman cried out " Shame, shame I what are you holding her for? Release her immediately ! You shall hear more of this." After tne gentleman had desired him to take his hands off the constable threw me from him so violently that I should have fallen if the same gentleman had not supported me.: I returned back towards the Albion Hotel in Cockspur-street-feelin" faint and ill from the fright. I waited here until one of my companions joinedme. I sawthepoliceman's staffafterhe had released me. I suffered a great deal from the injury inflicted, but more during the night and the next day. MIr. Parry-No-w, look at the defendant, and tetl me if he is the man who assaulted you? Witness.-Yes; that is the man who ill-treated me. I have not the slightest doubt of it. I showed my braises to Mrs. Mayhew and other friends, and Mr. Mayhew accompanied me afterwards to Scotland-yardL I was shown into a room full of policemen, but I was unable to identify any one of them. 1 went then to St. George's station, and was shown another body of constables-still being unable to see the man who had assaulted me. Subsequently I went to Marylebone station, and here a number of other men had been drawn up in a line or circle. I walked round the room, looking at each man, but did not see this man. Inspector WValker asked me to walk round again; I turned to do so, and my eye instantly rested upon the defendant, who was behind me. I knew him directly, and I said, " That is the man." The sight of the man overcame me at the moment, and Ibeieve Ifainted; but I remember the charge being taken shortly after. The defendant, inanswerto the charge, said-" I deny having used my staff." He did not deny that he was the man who hadtaken hold of me. Cross-examined by Mr. Wontner (defendant's solicitor).- I did not hear him say anything more. In my first desoriptson of the assault I stated that it occurred inWarwicTstreet. I did not know the locality very well, although I have resided inthe vicinity of London many years. We all thought the place was Warwick-street, but I have been to the spot since and find we were mistaken in the name of the street. I mentioned 194 asthe number of a policeman I had seen on that day, but Ihave never said that 194 was the man who assaulted me. Re-examined.-Inspector Hughes came to me and questioned me about this, and Mr. Mayhew desired him not to flirry me. I had seen the defendant before he assaulted me struggling in the crowd with a man. Mr. Parry requestod that the case might be here adjourned for a week. The publicity given to this case might induce the gentleman referred toby Miss Archer to come forward, and it was most important that his evidence should be procured if possible, whichever way it might tel. Mr. J-uDiNE thought it was fair to hear the defence first. Mrs. King, of Percy-street, andMrs. HenryMayhew, friends of the complainant, then deposed to the nature of the injury sustained by Miss Archer, describing a severe bruise extending from her shoulder to the bosom, which became qulte black. Mr. Henry Mayhew corroborated the evidence of the complainant relative to her visits to the police station, and stated that when she made the second inspection of the men at the Marylebone station her eye was suddenly fLxed upon the defendant. She uttered a slhriek, exelaimed " That is the man," and fainted away. Cross-examined.-There had been a conversation between Inspector lWalker and myself about his having passed D 57, but not -within the hearing of Mliss Archer. The complainant had previously described the man as tall, having straight hair, &c., and Inspector Walker had considered the defendant as answering her description which was the factin every particular. The complainant, however, knew nothing of this conversation, and it was arranged that no man should be specially pointed out to her. The chargewas entered upon the sheet, and the defendant's only reply was, "I deny USIng my staff." He did not add the wiords "at all" in my hearing. Mlr.. Wontner then addressed the Court for the defendant. He urged that the young lady had made two or three inaccuracies in her evidence, which showed that, vwith every desire to state the truth, her impressions, both as to the locality and as to the individu, were imperfect. Her youth and gentleness of manner were such that hecould hope there wasno man in the force capable of dra"ing his staff or using any wilful violence towards her; but if there were such a man, he should be able to prove beyond all doubt that it was not the man who had been summoned to answer the present charge. After dwelling upon the circumstance of the defendant being passed by at the complainant's first examination, notwithstandinghis remarkable appearance (which could hardly fail to draw attention), and also upon nhe aleged discrepancy as to flxing the assault at Warwick-street, Mr. Wontuer stated that he should call the comrades of his clent who were with him all the morning, and other witnesses unconnected with the police, *to show that the assault charged could not have been committed by the defendant. Sergeantl3ennet statedthat hehadehargeof a small section of men of the D1 division at Charing-cross on the morning in question. He had his eye upon al the men the whole time. I'hey were none of them at any time in Cockispur-street. if a person tried to cross from Farrance's, it would have been the duty of a constable to interfere. The object was to prevent the crowd following the procession to the statue where the proclamation was read. Cross-examined,-The menwere all desired not to use their staffs on this occasion. I don't know if they had their staffs or not. It is not my place to know this. Most likely they had them. We pushed the people back, using no unnecessary violence. We were on duty inthe road. At one time my men were divided-five on one side of the procession, and four on the other; but after this I saw them the whole time. Constable 73 D said he was with defendant all the time. They were close to Farrance's shop. If any assault had been committed by defendant he must have seen it. Nothing of the sort took place. Four or five other constables deposed to the same effect, and one of the inspectors stated that he selected the defendant for this duty, because he was a " finn and determined " man-by which he only meant that he would do his duty. A Mrs. Owen stated, that she was at Farrance's shop all the time looking on and saw defendant there on duty. No assault of the kind described took place; if there had been she should have been the first to see it. By Mr. Parry.-I know nothing of the police, except that I lodge in the same house as one of the D s. The defendant is a stranger to me. Inspector Jackson, who took the charge, described the failure of complainaiit to identify the defendant at the first examination, and stated that the man's reply to the charge was, "I deny taking out my staffat al." 1Mr. Parry suggested that the case ought to be sent to'the sessions, or remanded for a week, for the reasons he had already state . Mr. JAr.D=IN.-Tho evidence, if I am to deal wsith it, is entirely one way. The young lady has made her statement very creditably, an d I am satisfied that she believes this is the man who assaulted her. But her account of the matter is incorrect, manifestly, in two or three particulars. First, there-is tbhe confusion about the loeality; and then we have the importanlt fact that she failed in the first instance to identify the defendant, although his size and appearance art such as to impress any one who ever saw hin once. Thera wwsevidentlysome conversation atthepolioe-stationabouther having passed D 57-that being the man uspected-befopa the recognition took place. I believe if the defendant we" the Snean some of his comrades examined here to-day mush have seen the asault committbed As to the statement oE the man, "I never drew my staff at all that norming," it; was a very natural assertion to make in answer to scen a. charge, and I can therefore attach no weight to it. _Th case must be dismissed. Mr. Parry.-There must have been a great many _olice^nen on duty that day who know who the man is if this is not he. The court WAs very much crowded during the miquiry,' chiefly by police-constables. ARYL?.E_O2{L-Mr. Bnouonrororeceived from " C. M. ML" Bs. for the poor-box. Anacknowledgment in Tw 2ina was requested. WORSsrr-STRrT.-WiEi&M Catharn was charged with an assault upon his wife. The wife, who exhibited indications of very scandous usage, and was in great mental distress throughout, statedi that the prisoner returned home between 12 and 1 on the preceding night, druankenand abusive, not knowing what he was about, and merely because, on seeing his state, she persuaded him to go to bed, he loaded her with the foulest Language, and, seizing apoker and chair in succession, attempted to split her hea open with them. The wromen in the room struggled with him and deprivedhimn of these, and the prisoner, enraged at being so far thwarted, iinmedi. ately rushed upon her, struck her down twice with heavy blows of his flst in her face, cutting her mouth terribly inside and loosening several of her teeth, dragged her along the ground through a passage and into a bedroom, beating her about the head and body all the time, and on reaching the end of the bedroom with her flung her heavily upon the fender. " I am very sore and ill all over," said the woman, "and am constantly subject to this iLtreatment. Iast Wednesday he swore he would cut my throat; five weeks% ago Iwas obliged to run away from home through his bra. tality, and I am always suffering dreadfully from his violence. He is always very cruel, even when sober, which is very rare: he spends aU he gets in drinl, and I have not had a single meals victnals of his earning for the last twelve. month." Parker, a constable of the H division, deposed to being fetched to the house, where he found the wife lying on a6 bed bleeding from blows, and the prisoner stiU in the act; of striking her. He also, in his presence, struck the woman's mece, injuring her eye and forehead, and, though the -worse for drink, knew very well what he was doing. Three other witnesses, named Bompas, Evans, and Hart, gave much the same version of the outrae, and vwhile each deposed to separate acts of brutality at different ties, for along time past, they all concurred in describingthe wife as a Xe"-conducted, respectable, Lard-vworking wroman, vrho kept the house entirely by her own industry as a needle. In answer the prisoner said,-I don't remember any.; thing about it; I don't indeed; I am very sorry, and'iil never best her again. Mfr. D'LEYNCOUPRT.-You shall certainly not have an opportunity for some time to come. You are a drnlken brute, with whom this poor woman has had a sad life of misery, and it is evident that, but for other persons being forta. nately present on this oocasion, youwo-ld in all probability have murdered her. You must go to the House of Correction for six months vwith hard labour, and at the epiration of that fid bail for your good behaviour for another six months. CLEnxRMswma-Benjamin Allen Howard and OscarKineston, the two Americans who stand charged w%ith commiteing several daring hotel robberies, were a"ain placed at; the bar before Mr. CoRRIS on the charge of saving stolen 5601. in notes, the property of Mr. Staniland, a solicitor, oE Boston. in Lincolnshoire. Mr. Hobler appeared for the prosecutor, and Mr. Iewisfor the defence. George Branson, hall porter at the Great Northern Hotel, said he had seen the prisoners at the hotel together. ingston came first, and that was about five or six weeks ago. Hioward cainethere on the lOth of April, and gavea the name of West. He left on the morning of the 32th, between 6 and 7. A number of other witnesses were called who proved. seeing the prisoners together at several dffierent Deriods. 2Mr. J. Taylor, a solicitor of eterborough, said, he slept. at the Great Northern Hotel on the night of the 11th oE ApriL andlost 23s. When he went into the coffeeroom he' saw the prisoner Howard sitting there having his breakfast, and upon his mentioning his loss to the waiter Howard rose hastily, and left the table. He had 3 gold watch and chain in the room, which wrere not taken. The 'waiter at the hot proved that te prisoner Howarc slept at the hotel on the night of the 11 th of April, and that five robberies were committed there in the course o£. that night. A waiter from the Euston Hotel said, he hpd seenHowvarc. there, and then two portmanteaus were stolen. The prisoners were remanded for a week. Lord B. has sent 51. for Chapman, the policeman, who, 'was injured by Hogan, the ticket-of-leave man. TH.ums.-Dennis Cavanagh, aged 46, an iron bolt plater, residing at No. 28, St. Anne-street, Limelouse, -was carged with caltting and wrounding hwis wife. The policeman PUt inacertificate from Dr. Giles, describing the 'wounds inicted by the prisoner on his wife, and stating that the patient was in a very precarious condition. Mr. SEIFE remanded the prisoner for a week. SoUnTVAPX.-J&ames Stanley, a well-dressed young man; described as a chymist, at 17, Newman-street, Oxford-street, was charged with smoking in a first-class carriage on tho Greenwich Railway,to the annoyance of the passengers, alsowith using insultin- language to Mr. James JImson Brown, a staff surgeon, in Rer Majesty's service, residing at No. 11, Clarges-street, Piccadilly. Atter hearing evidence, Mr. ABECKErr said he should fine the defendant 20s. for smoking in the railway csare, or ten days' imprisonment, and 40s., or 14 days', for the insulting and abusive language in the public streeti. lIenry Cotterill,a gunsmith, in the employ of Messrs. Deane and Dray, gunamiths, of Bermondsey, was summoned oefore M9r. A'BEcaE' by Mr. William Morgan, solicLtor, of Birmingham, authorized by Sir George Grey, the Secretary of State for the Home Department, under the18th and 19th Victoria, an act for enforcing contribationsfrom parents tow;ards the support of their criminal children whilein dnly-certified reformatory schools, to compel the said defendant to contribute towards the support of his stepson,William Hands, a lad 14 years of age, who atthe general quarter sessions of the borough of Birniingham, in October, 1855, was convicted of stealing a purse and 3s., and vvs forsuch offence sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for 14 days, and at the expiration thereof to be removed to the Reformatory School at Peckleton, in ILeicestershire, for a further term of three years. MIr. AMBECnuE said it 'was quite right that parents who had criminal children should be compelied to contributetovwards their support, if they could afford it, as they ought; not to be saddled on the country. The recognition of the principle wvas more important than the amount ordered, and, under all the circumstnces, he could do no less than make an order on the defen dant to pay 2s. Gd. n-week towards the support of his step-son, William Hands Mr. A'BEC-RL received 5s. in postage-stamps from "Henry Dyke" for the poor waterman Richard Reeves, who was attack-ed by four Irishmen in the Lion and Castle' publichouse, Bermondse;-wall, on Saturday, the 26th ult., with a request that it mught be aclnowledged in The 272ncsa
MR. WHrrwonTi's ATLnERY.-The niew bras5 cannon, with hexagonal bore, invented by Mr. Whitworth, of 31anchester, was tried on the north shore, Liverool, yesterday, under the superintendence of Colonel GriTin, com. mander of the Royal ArtiUery Militia throughout the northern and midland districts. Several shots were fired ranging from 24 to 48 pounders. The firsts shot was with a 241b. ba1l, with llb. of powder, and the extreme distance obtained was 2,800 yards, the elevation of the cannon being eight degres. The experiments were not carried to a test of the mcxardtmuz capacity of the gun, owin to the ad rising of the tide. The aver e distance to whichba 4b, shot was fired was 3,000 yards, but a much greater distancei is expected to be obtained. Further experiments aretobe made on a future day with hemispherica4 round, andaoblong shot, the latter being pointed at both ends. OP:xN AIR PPmiC7aiG.-The Rev. W. EI iD, incumbent of St. Andrew's, Birmingham, commenced a. couarse of open-air sermons in one of the most densdly-po ptlated distrcts of his parish on Sunday last, and, notwith. standing the unseasonable severity of the weather, the preacher was listened to by rather a large assembly of thg working classes, and with maiked attention.
SALES BY-AUCTION. This Lay (Wednesday), May 7. jiNIR. PI' AKE be-gs resnectfnuyto remincl the public ,t thisSA\LE of l-ltEEtODnIESlODEETi MLhath S E OLD,slidLE&SEIIOLD ESTrATIfS wlVl take place at the Auction Mlart TH IS DAY, at 12 forI exact time. -Auction ofices. 44. To dey-steeer. Soutltrhark. (lenonne Houlehold Furniture, Van, Cart. &c. MRU;R.HAAWVK3INGS vill SELL, at his Rooms, 6, 1LT LIissou-cruve. Marylebone. on Friday. :ay', at 12 for l, the usual descrption of IIOUISEIOLD FUI:RNITURE fur liedand Fittiug rooms, a few orvnameatal items, a now van with patent axles, tradlesman's cart. a 1ag t copper, coal and potato scales. and Tarious other effects. On view Thnrslzras. after 2. and morning of saIe, and catalogues had. Chehen.-Five ueatly-boilt Leasehold Houses. AITR.W. F. HA31MMND ;will SELL byAUCTION, -_ - June _7 ',teless previously sold), the above compactLEAS.EHOLD I VE61.STMIn-T, bri:g No-. 1, 2, 3, . S. COnera-strcet, Chelsea; hcld for a term of 50 years from June, 1t1.. at a ground rent of W, and. al3 I:t to very respectable tenants. prlodu,cig £t-4t per anum. -3tr. C. Hooper. solicitor. 7. Staple-inn, Iololbrn; auctioneer'soflice, Z. Carey-street. Lincoin's-hin. ThorLhill-square, C.ledoniau-road.--eat itousohol.l Flrniture, <abi- net Pianoforte. few lots of Plate. valuable old Painting. 7AR. C. FURBER will SELL by AUCTION, on 173 the Premise3, 64, Thornbill-square, To-morrow (Thursday), 31ay S. at 12 for l, the above, incInding mahogany dining, loo, aud other taLbles, sldeboard. booklcaes. chimney-glasses, eels of chairs, with the usuna ch.mXber fittin,FJ kitchen requisites,. and clects. 1aybe vieevvd this day, aod catalogues had o0 the premises; and at the auction offices. t iWarwick-court. Cras's-inn. By Mr. JUR Y, at the Auction Mart, M£ay 9, at 12 (udless previously disposed of by rrivate treaty), MIPORTANT MlerCantile Preiniscs, nearly con.Ltiguous to the Royal Exchange. h-os. 2 and 3, Old Broad-street; frontage. 67 feet. The property is held on lease for 25 years. at a very moderaterenu. of z:00peraprannum. Tle upper portion i% let ofE at rentals amousti.o to nearly two-thires of the suna paid. For particulare. apply to M1r. Jury, amtctioncer, 19, Coleman-street, and at the Auction Mart. Close to the Hampstead-road Railway Station.-For absolute Sale.- Furniture and Effects of a gentleman deceased. i[E SSRS. PROTHEROB and MORRIS are directed by tle Adminiasratrix to I.ELL byAl CTION. on the Premises, Percy Cottage, College-road. Haverstock-hill. ltampsstead-road 0n Tuesday, May 13. at 11, the superior modern HOUSEHOLD FUilNI. TURE. cong-rising roeewood French cylinder-front double-action cottage piano by Broadwvood and Sons, a5-ft. 6-ito by -ft. pl.te-glass in gilt frame, 3-ft. rosewcod marble-top cheffonier with plate glass. maho. gassy dining teem chars covered iu morocco. walnut music stool, mahogany and rosewood tables, easy chairs, anid other drawing room elegancies. The bed rcoms comprise handsnms four-post, Arabian and japanned bedsteads, wasihstauds, dressing-glaswes, chests of drawers, mattresses, and the usual bed chamber appendages, with rariousplated articles, cmina and glass. kitchen requisites, and other valuable effecta. May be viewed the day proeding and morning of Eale. Catalogues may be had on the premises; of Mr. Vinall, Royal Adelade, Hampstead-roast; and of the au-tioneers, American Nursery, Leytonstone, Esex. To be Sold. Pursant to an Order of the High Coutrt of Chancery, made in the matter of the Estatc of James rde Yallop. and ins cause between Frederick James Wigg and !irah Packer Wigs. plaintiffs. and Penelope Yallop. defendant, with the approbation of his HIonour the Vice-Chancellor Sir John Stuart. by Mesirs. MOORE and TEfPLE., on Friday. the 1-th day of 3May. 1856. at 1 o'clock in the afternoon prccisely. at the Auction Mart, Bartholomewv-lane, in the city of tondon, in two lots, S EVEN Leasehold Houses, numbered respectively WJ 35. 16. 37. 38. 39. 40, and 41, on the south side of Goring-street, Hackney. in the county of 35iddIesex. held by lease for a teem of 84 years from Mdidsurmmer. 1843, and four leasehold houses. Nos. 1, 2,3. and 4. Garden-place, H_ope-town. Bethns1-green in the said county of ,Middle-sex. e(at iato the property of Jamrs Bll YVaUop, deceased. The propertymay beviewed,and -inted particulars andconditionsmay beha,lgrntiscnapplyingat the office of Ir.W. S.Adams, 16. Georgestreet. .1ansion-hottse, solicitor; of 3essrs. Temple and Windsor, 4, Btomdeld-stree-t, Aoortields, city'; of Messrs. oore and Temple, auc. tioncer3, 4. BlVmeseld-street. city ; and on the premises. 'Watfurd near Ilsse.Herefordshire-Desirable ViUa Residence, with immediate ress¢-esioL-By lr. JOIIN MIORGAN, Sen., at Barrett's Royal Hotel, m the town of Boss, on Monday, Iay 19, at 2 for 3 in t-e afternoon, sulmject to conditions of sale to be then proeluiced. LjL that deli-htfullv situate detached Freehold A A Vl'Da, Re.idence. heretofroc known as Chase Cottage, now caUed CaSellaoodvilla one and a half mile from Romss containing hall, tbree receptIon rooms,four be3t chambers and dressing room, water. closet, two servautse chambers, kitchen. back kitchen. Larder, l.aundry, capital cellaraze, garden-house with room over. tool-hosiso, piggery. two-stall stables, anri coach-house; together wvith a lawn tasetefully laid ont, Productive walled kitchen garden, and an orhlar-d planted with the choicest fnuit trees, now in ful bearing; in al comprising la. 2r. or thereabouts, There aro spring zrd rain water pumps on the premiLes. Ths property is situate in the vale and parish of Walford, mid the variel and dirersided scenuryreculiarto the neighbourhood, It comnmauds views of the far-famed Goodrich Court and Castle, and is distant from the Ross Railway Station and the river Wye about one and ahalfr mie. To pers=su seeking a comfortable residenco this is an Opportunity rarely to he met with in this neighbourhood. For further particulars aprly to T. Toller, Esq., solicitor, 2, Old-square, Lincolns. mu; -or the aus*tioncer, Ros3, who trill appoint a person to show the premises. O(Sand's-park. about oue mile from the Walton Station on the SouthWesterntailv:ay, 20 .acres of Freehold Ground, with four acres of Ornamental Water. in the most picturesque part of Oatland's-park, commanding extensive and delightful views of the surrounding country,-offering a site seldom equalled for a mansion or villas, I LR. DODD is instructed by thhe Mortgagees to Ill SELB by AUCTION. at the Mart. on Vednesday. June18, at 12, in one lot, 20 acres of LA.N9D, situateinO.stland's-parlc. having frontages on the souith and west to Oatland's Drive and Vale, both exce'ent ro3ds, and skirted on the north by the Broadwater Lake, about four ace3 of which belong to the property. The south portion of the rund is cultiv. ated Ps garden. the north part is Dark-likte, and divided from the garden by a plantation of omamental timber and shrubs. From the elevated portion of the land, which slopes to the lake, there sre extensive ieows of the surrounding country and river Thames. and the whole i3 beautifully timbered with cedars and p-urple beeches of large growth, Scotch firs, and other choice trees; there is also an ornamentalru inof aRomantemple. Asasitefora mansionorvillasthis propertyesanot be surpassed; the dryness of thi soll, gupply of water, beauty of the E enery. dislance from toirn, and railway accommodation combine to render it peculiarly eligible. confirmed by the increase of buildings ta superior cass in the locality. Particularsandconditions of sle, with ptans, mway be ha1 at the principal inns at WYalton and WsMeybridge; of M fessrs. Brutton and Voss, Town-hall. Betlisl-green ; at the Mfart and of Mlfr. Dodd. surveyor, &c.. 16, New Broad-street,city. Yo, 65. Queen-strcet. two doors from New Cannon-street. city.-By order of the Sherif.-Elegaut and well manuflctured Household Furniture. inuluding a co0t6y Wl31nut-trce Suite. a Pair of richly inlaid Cabinets. several Clitnncy-glasses iglltframe, a brhiHant-toned S'T-cta-e Cottage Pianoforte, large and rich pattern Velret-plle Cas-Pet. valuable Proof Prints, Zc.. superb Dining Room, Library and Red Room Appointments, Japan Furniture, and numerous Useful anl Ornamental Effects, a portion by order of the Sherifa together with another property, to be sold without reserve. ,R. LEWVIS be,s to announce he is instructed to JL7 SRLL by AUCTI0N, at the Wareroorns. as above, on Friday, Mar 9. at 12. the whole of the costly FURNITURE and EFFECTS: including hlandsome and richly carsed pillar fourpost and Arabian bedsteads, witih damrak hangings, gooee feather beds, double and single hole Vra-h-sttanas and fittings, chests of mahogany and Japan drawera, noble winged and toUat swardrohes, cheval and dressing lnases, carpets, curtains, &c.; an elegant walnut-tree suite of chairs, lounges, *nd uleulging chairs, with a- handsome and richly carved loo, oblong, work. can. and other fancy tables. cheffooiers fittedwith ylat.s-h36. eleont velvet-pile carpets, pair of marqueterie cabinets, a b ant-toned pi3no, and numerois dr.Dn room elegan,-ieo muperb dining room, leiary, and parlour requisites, ineluding set of stuffedback and ether chair, uoble teEcope dining tables, banesome carvedbckeidebord, library tables, wrought-iron safe, ehcffonier Br3usels carpet, ac.; kitchen items, ac. Miay be vieweed the mornin of mle. until 12 o7eiock. and cataLloegw hjrt of Mesers Pocoet- -Clark said Ne,iton. aolicitcTs. Great St- Heleans: of Mr. Clark Grat 3Jauestroet.Bedfurd-row; of thebSeri¢t_ffiC, 13 kl-1l; X4og j .utu~iwr, 33( QtIf~ city.WYMAo 4 Lseaehold Estates and Ground Retate. MIESSRS. FULLER and FIORSEY s,y ifustrct ALby the Executoms to BELL by AUCTION, at the Mart THIS DAY, Mlay 7, at IZ !n three lota. LEABEhIOLD EfSTATES and ani imroyeovd Gromid Eteat, includung aL dwelling-house, No. 23. York-st iet,-Stepney, kteat.nH per axnuau, beld on leasw for a term of 4S years at a peppercorn; two dwellng-houses. No&s 21 and 22, W%oodstret.SpialIelb, -ta £5 ker nnu, hldon lease for a term 6f 90 yeas. t agrond en 0f£25peranrsm;animpjroved groumd rent of £12 er suwn,Scisag rom ive ottaes.Angel-alley. Bis-hopsairat. stret.hel fo a ermof 19yeas. ireproert ma beviwed till thesal, b lere f te tnans, rtiulas my b ha ofC,Rivington ffq. soicior Feehuchbrndrns,Fenourb-tret:at the Mart an ofMeua. Iullr ad Hmey Eillte'ateet Fechurcb- To Yrititing-press-makers. Engineers, and othems-Ylnsbury.-Biy Melsr. FULLER and HO' tSBY, at the Mart, THIfS DAY, May 7. at 12. ~HE Lease and Goodwill of a Coltimbian Printing- TDreesa Factory, established more than it5 yeara, situate in Finalarsysftreet, near Finahury-squareo: coenprislurr a factory and vanisth's shop. irou and coatl stores, couinting-house, light and lofty workrrhni,, aud pard yrd ill gaewy etrace,fiv-hosepower steam eircnes and hullr, wo urfcin lahes tw enIneturinglathies with driving gror smih's vegs, vces,and ences. he laseis held f,,r the unexpre tem f 1 yars a th lw rntof 35per annlum. bray b viscedtil te ale Prtiulrs aybe adon tlke Iremises; at the Mart an ofMesrs.Feler ad hismy, 3. hhier-street, city. To MAfilrs. - St. Thomas' fliims Stratford-, Rser._ -By Mlesss FULLE-t aul HORSEY, at tho Mart, Eartholemrw-lane, TllIS DA.Y. May?7. at 12 o'clock. H[ME Lease and Goodwiill of a Steam Corn Mill, Tasituate in Mareh Gate-lane, Stratford. on the river Lea, about fourmiles from Mark-lane byroad, rind, within a quarter of an linur by rail, capable of riding 500 sacks per*'sek and in a locality wvell 102nra- to coinmanda.1 exten1live vital trade, also an easy deliss-ry for countryv wheat. The mill coniprises a store room in roi,f, wvith leading anppratutl from the river, machine tIoor, recently fitted with twco sills machnes,ensutin andboltng achies, ton dloor, with ten pair of Frenchstone, eleators,and jmpers Groun door contim.ing all the orkng earin god ondtio, eginehoue, 6 hrsepow~er eon-1 dendmr stam ngne,24 ors poerhig prun stamengine, two caeentr~sshp. tabingfo eiht orss,chaise aod vaa houses, dryng iln foema's welInghoue, rinilil'Sfamily residence. from it situaion norrusuds ans extensive trade fhch a y cetsry conve nient connexion with Mark-lane. lanml and waeerinscnb carried on at les expense than at most other mlsmedLsonTh fixed meachissery, to be itacludad in the piurchase. whila has been, hn1roved and mrodernized by the present tenanit at ani expense of several thou'and pound, T b vlewer ith tho atle. Particular- had oxi the prEmises; at th ateTavern, Mark-lane ;at the aucttion eart; of amers BicLedadShninug, solicitors, London-Btreet; arid of Mess ulradHrs. 13, iflditer-str-eet, city. Al ~~~~Steam Tug for Canals. 1IESRS. FULLER and HIORSBY are instructed to SEL.L by AUCTION, at the Limperial Ironwvorks, W..enlockroad Ciy-rad,in neo moe lts.ossMoray,May 19, at 12. without resere, a ew IlON SEAM TG, fited ith a pair Of Souster'a, patnt emirotry tea enine eqal 30herss power, and two pro- To Engineers, Smihs ro lerchants, and ethers MESSRS. FULLER an HORSEY as-c instructedl Aby the Trustees to SELL by AUCTION, at the Imaperial Iron 'Works, Wenilook-roadl. City-road. on Monday. May 154, at 11. in loin, ENGINEERS' TOOLS and -STfOCK : powerfuil cutting and punching fortee 14anils fie ensesneha tols 50tes bo,lt and bar iron. 30 cyst cotonwipngs,stel tols corugaed ronroof, and ether effects, To h viwed n Slureaypes-sus o te sit, hencataloguest umy bo had o thepremies, nd ofSteam. Fuler nd Hosey,Billittr-sbtleet, To Ironutesegera, Cabinetmakers, Bililder, Tukinaters, and others. ij[~ESSRS. FULLER ad HrOIRSEY are instructedi itto SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, St. james's-w-alk. Cler.kenrwell-g.reen. on Tuesd'ay. the 20th of IlMay, and folio., tag day, at 11 o'clock each sla, in lots, (the proricirie,r relinquishin g the businesa.) tho STOCK of IttONStICNGEtIY, 2,000 dozen- leeks assnrt.d, wrofight and coat hinges, a large ass~oitmeuteof brass rabinet work, bell work, coats bolts and nuts. 5 0 gro5s woed Screws, 20 bags wrought and cut nails, 200 jilston i,ri'.dstnes, Shsellihd and Lanesshilre tools, 10 dozess spades andI shovels, three tone castings in sah weigts,doos, als botoo, gatigs.do, 20enamellCed ironi chyi-ical pans, 0 egis, 'ter tve,-ege.bakhlowr. s Onned,wre, eoprgos,adalre voian oE genera Uronmonery in tobied vIwed on Monda rvr otesl, whnctaousya.-s1s meon the pruie!ado ess. inFuller ad. Hoe,I lie-tet iy the saiuPeisstlIeL let. NTI MANUFACTIJ RER : incLuding a 10-hiomse power drect-acting steam- enine,an exclent high-pressu,re tubular boiler, a powserfoll15-inch ceteside lathe wvith 22 ft. bed, nine engine and foot turning lathes, two drilling machines. cutting andl punchioz presses six liv presses,. a Powerful drw bench, t.-o catting machines, set of beTous,n relI, slratin, rgger. ad diria s-ar,vice an toches., Storks an~d dies, a lugeassrtmnt f seeltols.woo paters, mits'forga; and tools,weighng macine ad weihts. om furit'weandI fittliors sal, wen ataogus rsy o h.d n te pemies;and of Messrs. To E-_nginers smutI others. jfSSP.S. F ULLERl anid HORSEY are instructed lYLbly the Assignees of Rt. J. PolgIsse to SELL, by AUCTIONL\, at the Atlas WYork-s. Iorsugh-roadl, oni MNonday. .tirne 2. and following day, at 11. in lots, withiout reserve, the valuable TOOLS an,I M.ACHINERY of an ENGISEERt: One Powerful l0-isich centrecelf-acting lathe, by Fox. bed 5 tfet: one 13 nciliself-acting lathe, by Collier : one 13-inch and one 9-inch self-acting screw-catting lathe, heula 10 feet and 17 feet,by Smith, lieacoc;. ansI Taineett: one 10-inceh self-a tin scecuttieg laithe by Lewis, with spherical slide : one 6-inchl screw-csitting lathe, one 7-mole gelf-acting- screwe-enttteg lathe, by Austin; two 6-inch, twvo 7-inch. one 6-inch, and one 12-inch hack geared slide lattice, with iron beds; 6-feet lathies, self-actiag screw cutting machine, ta-n planing machines, seven drillinig machiuses li-horse! powecr high pressure steam engine, two ateamn h nIera, wrought iron shafting, arid riggers vices, be~nches stocks and dies, steel toi,ls, valuable patterns, aild niumerous other effects. To he viewelI on Saturday previous to the sale, when citalogues miay be bed on the premises; and of Mesrses Fuller and Horsey, Billiter-strert, city. TO Emboe~sers, Printers, Bookbindes,a-,'thers. E ESSRS. F,UL LER and HORSY are instruicted 10 iche vs-de.marI fo eniesng pper hut soline of thm are adatedfo emossngcloh alo fx aitntbook-folding machines twocoper-lat prntig mchles,andtwocuting machines. TOTSo To Millirrrighr MiLers, Muilistmnemak-ers. as tes lYi,FESRS. FLLIi~Rand HO SE,Y as-s instr-ucted by heAsigeesofit J FoglsetoSELL by AUCTIONv, at the tla Woks,ttsurrg-red. n lts,withut eseve.nraTuesday, Jou 3.at I, IGH PAR fur-eetFRE II UR SILLSTONS, ithwroghtupinles masiv drving gear suet shafting, recetlyat orkat tre hadellMill. T bevieed Sn Stnrday anid Monayprvirr t te al.wlencaalgus ayhoha at the works; To C-,re:lrrsithrs, Disillers,and others, AUCTION, at the AtlasM th Works,a bv.o Wde-aJn To Irnfoudem.Smits, ad Others. M ESSRS. FULER and HOSE,Y arc instructedI by heAsigee o R.J,PoglantoSELL by AUCTION, at the tlasWors. Broug-rid, o Wedesiay. Juine 4, at 11. in lots, without reserve, the PLATadTOL faShiell Foandry;- 500 patir cast-fran shell boxes. the wrought iron ciroolas, Lloyd's fan,: ereetion of dry-ing stoves, 50 tons damaged shells, 20 tons wvroutght, scra p, anld broken mat iron. 20 tons newv roed and bar iron, cast, shear, and spring Bte'l. 5 tons galvanized corrugated iron roof plates, four suriths' forges with bellows and anvils, S tons pig iron, smiths' tools, stores of various descriptions, filem brass-wiork, washers, andI burrs, iron pipe, 20 bags of nails, I ten old files, rnvots, weighing machine, crab, crane, blocks and falls,20 chaldron ofcoke,.and other effects,. Tobeoviewed on Saturday previous to the sale, when catalogues may be had on the premises, and of MfeEsr. Fuller and Hoersey, Billilter-street, city, Small Leaseholds, Coluey-hateb. Ittiddlesex. XiijW. R. GLASIER will SELL by AUCTION, C51a arraway's, on Tuesdlay, M5ay 20. at 12 for 1, in six lots, by direction of mIhc Moesgagee, TENnewly-erected HOUSES,threehaviog shops, situate in F~rierr.-place. in the parish of Friern Barnett, wvith stabling at tlse rear. and prroeducing £140 per annumn, ansI lield for lonig terms at exceedingly lowgr-ound ren)ts, Slay t viewed by permission. and particiilars had of C. B1. Freeman, Esq ,sol1tcitor, 11, liucklemsbury, city; ofllMr. Allen. on the Irremises, of Mjr. J. Robinsqon, 14, Pleasantrowr, Pentonville-hill; at Garraway's; arid of the auctioneer, 41, Chartog-cross. Two very desirableVilla Residences, in Elm-grove, Eye-lanie, Peckham. ]~JR. .R. G ASIERis intricted to SELL by ON, t Garawa's,on Tesda. Sly Sth. in twro lots, TWOvey dsiabe LASHOL smisleacedVILLA RESiDENCE, stndin in heirown onad, anre plets wvith every convenince suiabl fo irauenateoccuatin ;eLd foesa long term,. at a low roud rnt,Mayto vewe, ad Iartcirarsbi of F. W. Denny. Eso, soicior.13,Auinfrars onthepreise tat Garraway's ; and Peckham'gruve, Camberw-ell,--Twvo very dlesirable somi-dlctached Free- hold Cottage Rtesidleaces. W R.GLASIER is instrulCted to SELL by W A TO'N, at Garrawray's, oni Tuesday, TMally 20. at 12 for I, in RESDENES wit GLArgEwalle gavordens being iands2,ruck-hamgrove fronttheAdmirtnistreetorsCamtrwell;toe let on lease atq the low rent,h flof itnpe annum,l Land EHeOthe inRhand,Yi pe nrfeteisiong.h Musantayltbviewd,indnw priuars thed of. P. T. ,;Frein Chsr, soiitor,e 12. Clemenst'se-inn. trand;raet,tht tosemary BrancTh,ma Sortamnptonlstre, Carbeoi-ell; capta tCallana' aondeat the beories o thoedauctonieer 41 Mo thr.nW .h -LShe cOTne eis fav.oure wi%tthccre Onstrusctins flae,rBurthncesAdmnitraoo the whlae prduin a. renaul.. tof S19eLL byanumhON, at lean-away's long tuersda. May 27, sIlld lbt, in bone lot, the followit- nd eligibeLEaSEhOLd PrOPeRTY, comprisng therx soluctora-sree. urtom-streent. letio sgthe EevoThMessrs Dl,aht sm"aaaho adorias, ain caitals 6 celltryge undrto bereas-e-mendothautiondp emer, plac, Buaring-crescets Iewoe.rdcn ena f£6 e anu,hLdLby Lsesfrlnem,Myh viwe byUerCTION, of lt the tenant,an To-mrtcarow l t bad fMessrs Woo- ands Frace solcitcs.8. alcn-sret. ldeegae; f Mssr. slur,sson, andi Moris,enlciors O,1s lory;at laeawy'ss nd o thems aetseneerte 41, Charing-cross. ~ ~ ~ anI artcuar Pembrirlge Villas, Bayd Jetrr. Long Leasehold semi-detached Residence, No, 34, Inverness-road, Easyaater, together with theowhole of the modern and coatly Fur. nitura, in one lot, M R. ALLEN DAVIS will by order of the Executors of the late Thoa. Street, REq.. SELL by AUC ON 10 the Mlart, To-morrow, Mnuy 8, a very desirable PROPERTY. for occurs andL profitable investment, consisting of a modern and well-planned somi-detached residonce ana,bove. ofhanids-ome elevation, with pa stiCne entrance, and containing every appuirtenance to a well-arranged del ling. it is held by lease for a term of SS.1 years now unexpir-ed, at a ground rent of only £15, and is most respectably tenanted for s torm o1 years. as a furnished residence, at £110 per annum. MJay be viewed only by permission. Particulars hod at the Royal Oak, contrguous ; of Mr. Allen Davis, anctioneer. 21, Old Jewsp-chamabers; and at the mart. Valuable Le,asehold Estates of the late Taomas Street. REq., Pem- bridge Villas, Inverness-read, and Garway-roadl, SIsyawater, at Paddincton, and in the city or Londlon. R.DALLN AIS is directed by the Executor o oSL y AUCTION, at the Mart, To-morrow. Mlay 8, at 12, in eight lots, the following eligible PROPERTIES for leashold investment, consisting of two semi-detached residlences, Nor. 21 and 23, Pembrldge-v;las, on with pesastn and the other lotat £50 per annum; residences No. 4, =.`y-re`ad, and Noes. 20, 21, and 22, Inverness-read. lIayswater; respectably tenanted house No. 14, Salisbury-street, Pacddinigton, let on Ieaze; suds a easehold house, No. 4, Coleman-street-buildings, in tho city of London, lot out in offices; bEingte Meetlytheldefor l rong ermrs,uat o round Mrens insituatin the cort,naod repetblonday puermanet 12foris, amtre outingb tore at penth ptodutin £700 per annum. aytota viewdb per an mison boftenns Piearticulrmhad hatvh oyalenOak, fotSlayewa.cer lduEjog's rms, t James of stey Wild, R7 eq.,solic xpir, ed, sigatll2-spre annmr.i Davi. 1i, prldJerychamb1 er: andm at. the7AuctonuMang, Deiable Leas;W0ehol aInesm hents en thoe, &Marusofe Wesnesmsete Mart,eon Mondy. un ,a 126 s fprnnmneel, ntreeam lots, by dorde fthe Femof o,In.ut1 Not ss,O producdnuciSg peC er annum lo. 12, poducbnge £120 perannum ; No, 117. pe reeducing £100 po to;the other housee if &ad when convenient to tlxo tenants. 1Farti. cu toIcbe'bad (14days pri ratthe.Mart; of Mr.G(eo. Corpe, solid.1 Urg,, 3 At'.pj i 3It LhscasOMgs S, Now No"-wtv Sermonq;e. St. Paul',,-Ans inspeoableea. Ik&HPropierty. capabrle rP)PLIS, SON, and HARDING will SELL by AUCTION'. at the Mail, on Thursday. Mafy22, at I puurtually, by order of the Exocutost of the: lateJ.as. Toplix. aim.. Essq., a LEASEHOLD P'ROPERtTY. fit Sermion-lane. Docte &-commons;. tinsiAatin of a commsodious dwellintr'hoar, with pacious halt room attachedl, formerly a portion of the Horn Tavern let to Mr.. Johnson, at Lo0 per aia,ium. and two messgoagas adjoining, of lbh ralue of £1 per annum, held of the Dean and Chapter of. St. Pasul'. for 40 years renewable everyl14years.at theltow groundrnt tof £4 Os. S. The property can be viewved by permission, and particuilars Lad of Mesises Taylor, Collie. son, and VWoodward, 28,GreatJ.amesstre-et. Bedford-row; at the Mart; and of teh auictioneersI. l.St. Paul's cbiar;9-itard. Broke :;ewidnig -Cop3yhold Ground Itent of £20 per annum. w,ith Rteversion us101 ycsr.s to tha Rack Rents, estimeatod at £70 per aninum. rpOLI, SN,and HARDING -will SELL by by orderION, at the Mart. on Thlursday, MaH z2, at 1 punctualIy, Toplis, Jun.. Fan, a valuable (XIPYHOLI) ESTATE, consisting ofI seven houses, isnih Eho,4) being Nos. I to 7. York-placo.i and Ten Ct tages in York-buildiagp in the sear, High-atreet (niear Church-etreett. Stoke Newiugton. Let ou itaac for 101 years uuexpired, at a grun rent of £90. with the reversion to the rsCdk rents at the expiroition ffthe lease. P.orticatarsuayhe hadof Messrs.Taylor,Collis6on an-dWod ward, 23. Greet ,Janies-street, Bed ford-row ; at the M art ; and o h auctioneers, 16, St. Pacit's einremhsard. Secure Leaseholdl 1nvestament.-Pxeson`e-grce1a, Fuiham, TOPLIS, SON, and HARDING will SELL by TAUCTIOIN, at the Mart, on Thursday. Mlay 22, at I punctually by order of the FxPecntorsof the late Ja4. Toplis. Jun., E-si., a LEASE,HO011D7STATE. ritauto in the King's-road Purson's-green. -Fuliaur, cos',tin, ~of a licentsed public-hou-se, the Peterhorousi, Arias. let en looe a~t0perannm, baer' shp andI dwelling-house adjoihrig, lot on lea-e for thnenwuhtoletrm at £90:. aud a neat reidence, being Noe. 27. Porsona-place. le-t at £18 per annum, and hold under one lease for 34l yearaunexp.ired.,at £10perannuxm. May be viewed hypemmniWloR, andl particularslia,~ of Kessrs-. Taylor, Collisson, and W,rodward 2Z, Great Janses-steret, Redford-row; at the Mart: and of the asotionere.' 16. St. raut's chiurchiyard. Fr'eeho~ld Estate, in the city of London. in the line of the contew1fluted simprpovements. TOMLT% SON, and HAIDING will SELL by TAUCTION, at theo Mart, on Thursday, atay 22, at I punctually, inL tvo to's, by order of the Executors and. Trustees neder the 'Will of thelan as.T'~ris,Ju..Ess..a REE111.)ESTATE, situate in Seacal,lue,rinnr-steat Seobili; cnsisingof a cApitalidweillinghome wih sacius ronfounry n te rar:leton lease to Mr. F. Tayor.at risver lo ret . £1 pe anum;and a small house adjoime~letto r. atain at£20perannm.May he inspecteid Iy Itifgeut's-prrk end Giiildford-street, Rus.-lI-aquare.-Two L.easeb.ld Residences, held forloug-terms. and let to highly respecadble tenants. OLSSON, andl HARDING wili SBLL by TAUCTOX, at the, Mart, on Thursday. Mfay 22, at 1 punctually, in two lots. by order of the Executors of the late Jarmes Toptis, iun, Eiq., a LEASEHOLD RESIDEN'CE. eyNo. 60, York-terrace west. Rtorent's-park, contain'wneey'y per tDfor a respectable fs-' mis-. lot to J. Marshall, &eo`Fayt £63cm1m p'lrl.annum, and held of 1.th Commissioners of Wfoods and Forests for the uinexpired term of 66 ears ta ground rent of £20; also a Capital ResideLnce. being Eno. -19,. Nuildford-street, R ussell-square. let on lease to Miss Richardson. at £65 per ainnu, an'. lield for 3at yarss, at £16 16s. per annum. May be viewed by leave of tho teniants. and p3rticulars had of Mfessrs. Tayleir. Colliss-on. and WVoodward, 23. Great Jamnes-street, Bedlford-row; at the Mart ; and of jle auctioneer,1.St Paul's churchyard. DuTunow. Essex,-Cejiital Pamily Residence, with Stablibg. Garden .,nd Padldock. lat-e iii the occupation of - Ornce, Esq., deceased. rpOPLJS, SON, and HA_RD_ING will SELL by JLAUCTION, at the Saracen's, flead..Diinimow. on Tuesday. Mafy 20. at 2, by order of the Trustees under the WVill, a FItEttIOLD) RtESIDE2NIE, situxate in the best part of theo town, oontainiing two attics, seven gocxl bed chambers, entrance-hall, twvo parlours, newlyerected drawing room, surszery anid consultinig room, and domestic office-s; two roach-honuses, three-stall stable. ple.asure and kitchen gar den antl paddock, and out-liildilngF. subject to a small tithe: ad quilt rest. May be viewed till the ssle, and !particuluas had of AV. T. Wade. Ebsq, solicitor, Dsunniow ; at theo Saraceres Read; and of the auctioneers. 16, St Paul's cbnrqhyaru1. Cranford. Middlescx.-Aopyhohl Family itestidence. with outbuildfings, and grounds about thriee acres: 13 miles irom London, three mailes from tounslow, and two milea'from Souithall. ~OPLIS, SON', anid HARDING will SELL by TAUCTION'. at the Mlot. on Thursday. AlayT 22, at 1 piunctually (hy order of tho Truqtees of the Will of tie late . tames ToplIs. jtim., Esqg), a capital FA3MLY RESIDENCE, niost stibstantiltly erected. in good repair, and fit for onccipation. containing lire secondary arid five test bed chambers, elegant drawing rons 30 feet by 20 feet. a smaller ditto, good dining room end library. spacious entrance hall, w-ble oak -taircase, and convenient domestic office. Tue outbuildings include coach-house and stablin;g for fire horses, gardener's cottage, poultry-houses, piggery, &c, r'ltho whole standing within its own grounds of about threeriares,, planted with luxe,riant shrubs. aw-d laid out in lawn and pos-terres. a-Twn prodluctive ktitchen gardens, viell stooked with wzall and standard fnudt, and an orehard. T7he propertv is cop)hold of the manor of Hounstlow. subject to a small line, and, nearlyrequal to freeboid. F~ay bevieweditill thes,sle. arid Particulars had of M%essrs. Taylor, Collisson. and Woodw-ard. 23. Great Jamesstreet,Bedford-row; at the Mart; and of the auctioneers, 16, St. Paul's-chiurchyard. Hiunulw .idee-Twvo Pairs of Ereeodsm-eale il Residne,wt tbling and large aresfrInstment or Oc- m~?LIS SO, and HAEBDING will SELL by .LAUCI&t, t theMart, on Thursday, M:ay 292. at 1 punctually, in ou los.hyodeofthoTrirsleeunderthewiltol the liain Jaes Topts, is. I-ht.,a F EEHOLD) ESTATE, coaising of tw o sesi-setahe vila esdenes,beNg', .4 toY7, Labmrnamn VfsYon tlhe Bath road, about onmlefm the station at Hiounrlow. on the Souath-WVesterni Railway. They are in the Gothic style of architeecture, in himitation of stone, recently erected, and acdapted for the occupation of genteel families. Etch house contains four good heel chambers, entrance-hiall, drawing m-om 20 foot by 13 feet. diniing roam, domestic olie,~ lare garden about 240 fee-t in depth, waneLd in and planted, Bc.6adihave, in addition, a chaise-house, two-stall stable, unnit man'srcoonsand loft over.' M%ay be riewrd tifllthe sale,an3dparticailars had on the premises: of 'Mean-s. Taylor. Collissonr anad Woodward, 28. Creat Jarnes-street, ltedford.-row; at the Atart; and of the auctioneers, 16. St. Paul's churchyard. Capital long Leasehold Property, for Residenre orInvestmc-nt.-B!om field-road, fdaida-hill. 1 JESSRS. GREEN 428, Old Bond-Street) blave re1!LceivedI instruotmoen to BELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, on) WeOdnesday, Junie 4. at 12 (uniless previously disposed of), a valuable long LEASEHOLD PROPERTY:; comprising the miost exeslient and substantially-built detacbed familiy resi-lenco. k-nown an Randolp,hhouss, most pleasantly situate in Btomfield-road, hin one of the most delightfuLl. healthy, fashionable, and acessihle suburbs of town, wvith large gardenis, conservatory, green houses, detached billiard room stabling. Sri. : the whole in perfect order, 'Dlue house contains entraunc Portico. stone-paved hall, diningr, drawing, and breaktfast roomse, conservatory. six beud chamabers, bath room, andI very excellent offices. The garden is laid out wvit-h great tasto in lawn andprodnctiv-e borders, well stockzed, and surrounded by lofty wails. This property presents- a capital famly esienc, bsids wichit osssse aple space for the erection of xtesiso sablng nd pai ofvilas.bavngdepthof2ltfeet, will a apial ronageto Rndoph-oad Itis eldfor an unex-pired ter ofnenlyi yars atanminlgrunrentf £4, Particulars maye Oitanedof esss. homson Deenlam,andBrown, soldiBand-street. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~Gren .., l North Wilts, wvithin four mniles of three Market Towns.-Valuable Freehold Manorial Estato, -withi stone-built Mansionm, Plantations, a-nd Grounds, and 535 arcrs of rich Arabia end Pasture in a ring fence, wi'th Entrance Lodge, Farm-house. Homestead, end Cottages, MESSRS. GREEN (2, Old -Bonid-street,) have re- cemived instructions to SlfL by AUCTION, aLt Garraway's o Wednesday, Juno 4, at 12, (unless in the meantimne disposed of), t'he valuable MAE&1ORIAL ESTATE (freehold, arid land-tax redeemed,) of Bluinseen St. Andrew, pleasantly situate within three miles of the Swindon Station. and obouit four miles from the market towns of Swindon. Cricklade. and IHighuorth. comprisinz the capital family resideuco known as Blunsedn House, approached by an entrance lodge, and dlelighitfully placed on the southfern elope. of Illimsden-hill, com. mandng xtesiv an vaiedvies, ithfarm-house, homestead, and ottges an 21 acrs o rih ableandpasture land, in a ring fenc surouned b excllet rods, nd roduinga rental of abouit £603perannm, esies te mnsin, ffies,gardens, aind plantations, whic ar hihan. Tis iroert ofersa cpital investment, and presens bsies an atracios fr esisucs. iapelly to a sportsan, beig iinaedin he ente f te V W.H.IlUrt, and withinmeasy reahofthehr'ooBeafnr'sndteltrksirhounds.andoftheprin. cilil satin o th Grat estrn aliay.The bauidings are all in goo reair th lads n ecelentcntivaim,under tho occupation of a hghl repetabe ad rspnsile enat,and the mansion is in evey wy aaped or heresdene f acoutygentleman. Particia- The Freehold M,anorual Esta.te of Hordie ClIf.Tnear Lymington, Hamnp- shire, comprising an excellent Family Residence, anid upwardis of 500 acres, great-tithe free MESSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bond-street) have remceived instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Gana way's, on WVednesday, June 25. at 12 (linless in the meantimie disposed of). tlhe above capital FREEHOLD MANORI AL ESTJATE, consisting of thle excellent family residence, known as Hondle House, with its pleasure groundsq, gardlens, entrance lodges, &c.. as recently occupied by the late Dr. Chiambers,withchpital farm-house, homestnacls, cottages, and about 500acres of arableaud pastureland, a iying comrpactly together, within easyreah o Lyincon ad to Bocknhuat tation on the South- pall in tes occupationg ofarespetfabiletienan upnaferloolrg ing, hunting wth the forest hounds, wild fowrl andohrsotn,ad the neighborn cutyabounding withi gentee' et.To house is approcedb toentrance ledger, and i lcduo bl lawni extendn toth sea and opposite to the IseoWihante Needier, of wihi commaands uninterrupted view,ebaigas Yarmouth, Hurst ateth pretty village of Miilfod n h on antl bay of Chriothrb Lymingten. now miuchrsre oa fashionable wateigpae from its salubrity of lmt n ra facilities of cormurainwith the Il fWgt swti 1mts naudit is confidently anticipated thatthralywilsobexend from Btreckenhurat to the town.Patclrmyshtybebaid at the Royal Hotel. Southampton ; of Mse,MoeadS.Bte solicitors~. Lyraingten; at Garrway's ; and ofMes,Gen28Ol Bond-street, To Lookting-glasas Manufacturers, Carvers Andl Gilders. Parties Fur- nishing, and otbers,-53. W7ardour-atreet, Solbo. R. R. SAVAGE has received instrucetions to SELL, ithout reserve, in consequence of the deathi of the Prop,rietor. Pn riday, Mlay 9. at 11 for 12. on account of tie number of lots, the whole of the STOCK in TRADE, comprisiTng severalimasaTre glilt'franme chimney glasses, SO by 50, several 70 by 50, and a large qiu-rntity of smaller size glasses several chevat glasses, dressing-glasses, gilt candelabras, marble console tables with gilt. stanIls, girandoles, a ag iatity of fine engravings in gilt, maple. rind caok framner, severalln paintins a quantity of gilt frms a portion of tinfinished s-tock, carpenters' bentches, and other 'effaects. Also the Lease of the Premises, 17 y'ears of 'which are imexpired. May be viewed the day prior to -sale, Cataloguer had of MessrsBIaddeleys, solicitors 43, Leman-street. WVhitachapel. where the lease may bo~ inspected previous to the szale of the auctioneer, 81, High-street, Whitechapel : orlO. Brick'lalue, Spitalfields. Mlisterton and Crewvkerne, Somerset, and Mtosterton andiSouth, Perrott Dorset.-Excellent Family Mausion-houso and Estates, Farmna, Lands, and Houses for Sale, offering most desirable opportunities for resiolence and investmaent.-By Mir. JOHN PATCH, at the George lHtotel, Creakerno, on Wednesday, Mlay 26, at 3 for I o'clock in the af termeon precisely, subject to such conditions as will then be pro. dheced, by order of the Trustees and Executors under the Wilt of the late Wiliam Hallett, Easq.. S EV_ERAL very superior and singularly desirable Proertes,sitatein he bov paishs,now let to soveral highly resectbletennts ata rnta oxeceing£1000 per annum, comprisingan xcelen failymanionhoue, n te occupation of the Misses Perin, wthth lans wile grdns,stbln,oac-os,gre gardens and labourers' cottage attached;* also tw.o exceUenut farms and suitable farm buildings, besides other dweeUing-houses arid cottages. and divers closes of productive arable, meadow, and pasture land and orchards, situate in the above parishes (vwilch lie contiguousto each oth cr). containing alto ether by statute admeasurement 493a. 2r. 32p.; the whole of which wilt be sold in 40 lots, or in such other lots as maybe agreed on at the time of sate. The mansion-house forming part of the first lot is an excelent family residence, and contains a good dining room. twro drawsing roorns, breakfast room, large china closet, two serr vane' pantries, spacious kitchen and scUllery. also eight good bed rooms and dreasis$ room rindwater.closet,and fourlargeattles. A greenhouse immediately adjoins the south front. The out-buildings embrace a four-alledstable, coach-houlse, fnelhouse,brewbouse, and other conveniences. The laens and gardens immediately adjoin the house. The wihole premises are in thoroughly substantial repair, and alre built of the best materials, The dw ellig-house in the occupation of the Rev. J. M. Cox, also forming part of the first lot, is xery commodious, andhas recently been put into a stete of complete repair. The gardens attached thereto are productive and in good order. The farm-house and farm buildings comprised in thefirstlot are substantial and convenient. and have been partially rebuilt within the last 10 Years. Viewed asawhole it may safely be affiredthatscarcelyany P:operty of simnilar extent has for many years past been offered for sale in the neighbourhood, presentisg.ao many attractions The residences are situate wfithinL a mile and halfrof the market towrn of Crewl,eine, The roads are exceUent, the soil is dry and unusualy fertle, and the whole in capital candition. The farm and estate, constituting lot 20, will be found a particulariy desirablo property, and very many of the other lots offer opportamities to personaseelnn good landed invertmentsrarelymeteitlh. Thedwelling-houseformieg part of lot23is wellcalcudated for a smaU family of respectabiity. The orehard am mnvigorousgrowth, ingoodcondition, and highlyproductive. There Are quarries of good limestone on tho estate. The tithe rent-charge on the merdow lands, in Misterton, is merely nominal. It may ho added that the barley grown on the abovo estates is not exceled byrny produced in the west of England. In short the poetygenerallyoot a. superior description. and wel deserves the attenhon of capitalists. The Yeovil and Exeter Railway wil pass through theparishof Iisterton and the Crewkerme Station is proposedto be dxed on the first lot, The properties are oheld partly in fee simple and part for tho resides of very long terms of years absolute. The existing tenancies willall be determined atLadyday, 1857. Eortions of the purchase monuyz may remainonserityoftheproperties if desired. Mr.JodnAnning, jun., of Xisterton, wilt appoint a per,son to show the etates andlands; and orcas to view the mansion-l;oue, and ether residences, applleation masy be madfe to bessrs. W. and J. Spark, solicitors, Cre}er e. from Wrhom also eelmrttparticsmlaa w~d X ny be obtained. on amid aftes tJi9 !4al Mr nxt-.Dm6q --6 J>1dAt, 1W. - MR. MORE wil SEL AUCTION. at the H SF ,Woolpatx. a pec ofdeaced G-rden Ground oppsie, etat 13Si. vndo yng ats.Term 26 yewar. -Grournd rent£6 Is. axt~re. iaruR~dan urchao.Particulars Of SXir. Procer. Prires-tree, Sptalfelds at he [art ; and at the auc- Limehoors. dpi,,, Estute for inivestment. AI3R. MOORE wl SELL by AUCT101T. at the M:J Mrt, To-nmorrow, Stay35, at12. ian onlot,FOUR DWELLIYGHiOtUSES, formin., the whole of tCerrick's-bui5,ilugs, Nigbitingale.bme, Fore-stre-et, let at £52, vendor paying rat,ee, which are low. Fine certain 1its. per hous2e; qutit rout Sd. pr annum. Pixtures included in x,urchseea. lartlelars of A. Burn, Esq,., solicitor. Is. Great Carterlane: at tie tast:. sad at the auctionwra~ offices. 'Mile-end-road. CDaimercial-road.-Thiree It lencs for occupation. R. M OREwil SEL byAUCTIONV. at thle Mar. T-morow My 8 at12,inthree liota, THREE Vcry rea, imeone, etto esonsbl teans,at £5 each. Term 27 year; grundsent£9 ach.Theexcelen Sxtcesincluded in puschass. artculas o R*Barull,1sq, soicior.111 -ecc'rnurclibuidins; t te Mrt;andat he uetoner' ffies.Sfle-end-rd. lilctfrlrs~.~eaeh,l, Eaa,e,for Ias-estient. ' ,R.MOORE WiM SELL by AUCTION, at the lYL M~art. To-mnosrow. Mlay 8, at 12 without re-zerve, in one lot. NINE DWELLING HOUSiES, in Be'an-street, Friasr-erect. let at £93 12s. Term 35 years. Pont £3-4. Taxes, ±e,, pau(l by vendorabout £15 lZ%. Fixttarea included in purchase. P'articulars of1 Mr. Liac, salicitor. 2, Chltrrd's-ioja- at the'Mart; and at the wauctionee'a offices. Mloe-easd-road. Stepnry.-Icasehuld Estate, producing £0115 Per awnunu, for inve.--t count. _[JR. -MOORE, will SELL by AUCTION,. at the ,LtLSart,To-morrow, May 8, at12. inoonelot,NINE DWLLINCHOUSES, (thres are shop-s andI one let on lesse at a psoancl rent,) in Vendor i-sys the rates, about £18. Fixtures incluided in purchase. Par-x ticulars of Messrs. Sole, Turner, and Turner, sollietos,N r3. Aldtrmnanbury ; at the Mart: ane at the auctioneer's oFfces. Maile-end-roald. Proplsx.-Four D,,ellfing Haluves, for occupation aLnd Investmeant. ~LR. MOORIE will SELL by AUCTION, ait the M Madrt, To-auenyg May 5, at 12. in two lots. FOUR reven-roomed jOT,TFSlt. with for5 curts and gardens, in Cordlita-street, Chrismstreet, East India-road. Let at £98 16F.. vendor pay'in z rates. Term 97 years. Ground rEnlt £3 each, fixtures included im, putrcbeses. Particulars of Mersra. WV. and it. B. Bakler, soDlicitors, &.Croelbv-sq,uere; atbte Mart: andl at the auctioneers' ofrices, Mtile-end-roadA -' CarainerciRi-road.-A dinuble-fronted House. for (lacuation. 1VR. MOORE will SELL - by AUCTIOIN, ~at the ,lMart, To-imorrow, May S. at 12, (tby order of the A alministr-Ator of Si%rs. -Ann Corlell. deceased,) a seven-roomed D`WELLIN\GHOUSE. writh garden, 15, Grosvenor-street. 0emmnmsrcisl-rad. let at £24. tenantpayingrates. Term 43 years. Groundrc-tz£3 pe'-aunusn. Pi,xtures includd in purchase. Pruticulars of T. 'W. FItctliff, Esq., rsolicitor. Dean Cinlet-house. Stepney; at the Mart,. and w; the anetioucce's offices, Mile-end-road. St. George's east.-Swall Lessehold I:ves,tmnenta 1uR. MOORE will SELL by AUCTION, at the BIOUS,S, 40, John-street, adl14, Taraig-street; let at -"3 4s.; lena 37 eas groand rent £51li,. 6d. A similar Iouse. 15, Tamling-s'tre-et; let at"£16 ; terna 17 years~ " round rent £2 its. 3d. A Dwvelling-house, 8. Tarling-street; let at £l . S; term 33 years ; ground rent, Xi ISs. A House 12. Tarling-street; let at £-14 Bs. : terns 35 years; ground rent:£5 Ss. 9d. And a Dwelling-hom,se, 6, MSartha-stexet;. let at £0118 lB.; tem3 year ;rud rent £2 l6s. 3d. Vendlor pays the rates, Fixtures- include in purchases. Particulars of 'Mes-rs. Morris, Stunns, Towumson, anzd Vorris. solicitors, Moorgate-street chsambers. and Well. close-square : at the Mfart ; and at the auctionee-r ofcfices, Mile-end-rd. Dagenhama anjd Barking.-Freehold Estates, givinig Votes for Ess,ex, adapted for secure investments, 1%1R. MO ORE will SELL by AUCTION., at the iLMart; To-rnorroir, llfay 8, atl2, by order of the Trustees of SiTe.. Avils, drecemed, in tliree lots, an oll-establiehed road-side 'BEER-. HOUSE~ and two acres of LAND, with two frontages, eligib le for buildinig purposes, on the high-road, Dagenham, E_ssex, ile to an e-ld tenant at £116, tenant paying rates;- also fouir Cottages near Do-genhamr Churcb. let to old tenants at £24 ; and tlhre Cottages. with large gardens, st-abling. cart sheds, smaithiy, wor'kshops. 7cc., on the east aide off North-. treet. Blarking. let at £35, tenant payingrae;n-aCote adjoining. let atX13. Particulars of Samuiel Prent-ice, REsq., s',i'citor, 225, Whitechgn-el-road; at the Mart;, and at the auctioneer's offices, Silleend-road,. Year Commsrcial-road.-ftall Leaseodfrinetnt iLFR. iMOORE wvill SELL by ACIN at the 11 Sart, To-mor-roar May 8, at 12, in foulos SE N DWELLIN~G HIOUSES in Star-street, opposite Phipot-street, let at £37, vendor payin~ rates, Terms 45 years. Ground rent £2103O. each, fixtures in- -liI nprlmac. Particulars of S. Prentice, Faq., solicitor. 238 Wlntechapal-coad ; at the S%)tar; and at the auctioneer's offlces, Mdileend-road. Iile-crid.-Eliible Leascihold Estate, prcdIueteg £613 per annum, for investment.. in ono lot. M R. OORE ill SLL byAUCTION.5, at the Mart onStoday Jins . a itFIVE substantialIy-built HOUSS, oo ashop inDevoshir-steet,andEast-street, Mlile-end, nealy djinig. etat 75 s.perannm.Term 64 years. Grounid ren £ is.eac. ariclar o JhnThrpp Rst, sliitr,2,Win- Stepney.-Eligible corner P'lot of Freehold Ground and a Carcass th-orn. MR. MAOORE, will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart. on Monday. June 2, at 122. in one lot, a valu,able corner PLOT of FREEHOLD LAND, fenced in, having a frontage of 17 feet to Bow-comamon-road. and 53 feet to St. Ann's-road. buy a depth of 44 feet;, alsoA a brick-built Carcass thereon. Pa rticulars of Messrs. Martin, Thomaas. and Holhisms. solicitors. 31. Oomnserciai.cha,nbsrs- at the Mart; and at the auctioneer's office, Stile-end-road. Southwark Bridge House Estate-Vsltabl0 LeaseholdI Estate, For In- vestment. MR. MOORE will SELL by AUCTIO-N, at the -LLMrrt, on M1konday. June 2, at 12, (by order of the Executors), in one ot. WO eght-eame HOUk5, os,land _2, Bedford-place, Soutwarkbrsdc rod, nir te Quen'sbenh No. 1, -with gateway, Faq, sliito, lcser~ Hil.Chanade atth Mart; andatheiu- Old Ford.-Two six-roomed Freehold Homses; for occutpation, and 14 plots of Freehold Lend. giving votes for Middlesex. 1,R. MIOORE will SELL by AUCTIION, at the M1. Mart, on Monday. June 2. at 12, in six lots. TWO FREEaoLD six-reamed HOUSES, wvith gardens, Nosa.32 and 33, idbra-road, 'ild rord ; also 34 plats of FreeholdI Ground, sufficient foc 141 houises (in four lots), in Libr-a, Milto,n, and Imlea roadls. near thaVictoria-park. The site is realizing good ground rentsanud isbeing fast eovered with fourthrate houtses. Particulars of Ate-srs. Richardson and Sadler, so)icitors, 28, Golden-square ; at the Mart ; and at the auctioneers offices, Mileend-road. Souith Haclalsy.-Ellgible long LeaseholdPrpt, near the Victoria Park., consisting of Sixs, uperior Rtesidences frocptn, and Six Homsesand Shops, for investment, the whole rna en about £4100 per annum. R.MQOIbE will SELL by AUCTION, at the iLI. art. on Monday, June 2 at 12. ia to lots. a superior eig'litroomned RESIDENCE, with garuien. stabling, &o.. No. 12. Pace's Cottages, let at £20 per annum: Two Residences. Nos. 4 and 5, Albanyplace, Terrace-road, let at £25 each; an eight-roomed Homse, No. 6, a£3:term94eas wruni rntl forL the AUCTION,Particl ofe Mess -rs. lolon anurdaSey souctnes 121 at1, inlorthampItonquae:l mesrt PaThomulnand Son lesoricitorrs, Stn,GTorgestree, andorries; soiatrshal Tuornae-r,Eeet-olcitobr. 7 icl~-n-lls; at the Start; and atth utinesofce, thMe -utind-eerad. e,Mieed-od Viterapnry.-Valuable ln Leasehold Estate,sprodcinal rentaluf£6 aber X18 peannm),forinvstannum.rdro teMrtae,i w i%,R. MTOORE wil SELL by AUCT'ION, at The '31 art, on Thursdlay. Juno 12, at 12, in ot, INbrcEENid well-ult. six-rooe HOUES wefrdtrit ga1 Frdens,dinlSt.ann's2rad hodX21eawell rea; trm 6 yars grundren, icluinglsoand 2-tax. omed4 oorneah Patiuar rd 'enas ors, in tonelo, fowunvstmnt e ori,sliios -UR. ML%OORE will SELL by AlUCTION, athe I Mart, on Thursday, Jutne 12, at 12, withRNtrecapprobationSES. tiermchanyealrs giroundmentuaprtanum AlW O aig 15-roomed cOrnEr. loer-road, Alexcllenton-ineCpyod ih-roomed Housll idnes, with Gr Gadens, in onerflot, reaitor Invesitment, MOORE,will SELL by AUCTION, at the ALLMart, on Thuirsdlay, June 12, at 12, wimoth suatheapprbationto os, 12OaD13 Ropham-ErNCE,'o2, Tibbarton-square,Lnligenr llet teodyearl a tepnantya £7 ach, coteaintiayng taxres, Copyomldaofthesn mananor goofdthe arebend of latheon atr a ju e cuierfetanf repir,, and a-p nominalfuitrpent.oartesculasofpurhessfrs.cHudston.an Farancisuslicitors, 10s. Torenhome-Gard,sLothitors,S. bhrme, -aqa,asolicitor,o17 Ilidemr-retOxodsrt; atth at na theMatanatheauctioneesfic.,~fieedr's offices. Slile-end-road. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ oftil 1IfR MORE illSEL byAUCTION, at the ofg Sartbl, 26onfThurday.,Juned2 ath12 reaimsn uatntal- roadiand mtany Ceohd rhetontainng frous.r bed roma n en room,enatrance-alutol. dning usand brneaatroos anP cneratr JofnSledsons,De and Goictray, solicitors,hibeui-habr, o n brde tteMr;and at the auctioneer's offices , Sfi15-end-road , Be Ldn en-aseompac FronReehold Farm cnainieng 3 ars MR.MF OORE wvill SELL by AUCTION, at the L StMart, on Thursday, June12, at 12. (unls prvour os wly psedu of of goo ambl, 26 f meaow, adthe remane thops wreood,erfor as the wole re i theoccuatio of Ime tendor,soforthwhoma lypeesson my b bad Thegroing rops stck, nd iple ent pco-b Lreolneastehold hectyo Groud dRnts land-glbren, adaLw 1LfR. F. LOMAXhold SEL bygtn AUCTION, at the ILLSlct.onTueths'.Sty 2, t 1 n Ourclots, wFed-ecureLd GROtlD RENS arian" nt of 7 sem-deta heldvil,brn Nose,-wt Vilas diooin. Te poprtyis elddirct romth freeholde foriE an term of 20years unexired. and leased ovros eat orlteholse tenats. nd poducng a anulrental o£177. The popet a be viewred by permission of the respectire tenants, and pritdpriu lars obtainedof T, H~.eSrnwavsy e. soli'cito,2Il n'ora,Bd ford-rw at the Mal nehr nsxaofces 8, Orchard-street., Portman-sqn&Xe. Ongar-hlall-house. Addiestone, Surrey, two mlles from Chertsey,- Capital Household Fusrnitu~re, Billiard Table, choice old Wines, Brougham, Pony Phaeton, &o., ,f .F. G. D)EBENHANT. has reeived instractions jYJ fro the Administrators of the late Rev. Henay Hfickman to3 SELL by AUCTION, n h Prcmbses, as above, To-morrow. at 11 puoctuan(y. without rmroc, the remainder of the capital jIOUSE- HOLD F(RNfltURTJE; comprising bedsteads. featherbe(Is maLttresses, and the usual chamber appendages, numerous Bruseel, carpets, superio, rwigro furniiture, tabarot, damask, and other window curain, cambr rgan, superb dining room suite in carved walnut, cdhestonie, C adomednners seAie fuall-siHr od bilir table, cella ofre- kal'n o old wines bur-torgas,o nhelarly newvon Henre- valabeoane tremies, Ocame hlls Ho:s., gadnipements, andoro afets On iewthi dy. ataoges n te romssn G atbe Mr.t Desen ham's action nd estte agecy offces, 8.agesaaide.d Addiestone, Sufrey.-T Gouolnes.-of small Cellar of verytchoiof Oltie,byOdro he Executors of the late Bay. HenryC~M Cief, on the Premies, R nai-lway Hm,sddetoe To-morrow- atm iil, tenote lioracieOld-trNE includingW, an small quantit ofrida0 Port, olf rhe hgetchdaracther,moem of SirHOLDbir' East da Sherry adlu thdeiraPena.ez Port and bhed ofhthebest vnhintawiges,d Prrinte, ElecTrolatel rtoile ases, M raicrscpe Drawmsing, inUtrher 1XSR.PRICKETT and SONS will SELL by AUCTION7, atthie Mrt., oa I)riday. Mfay IC. at 12. in- two lots ite desirable long I4I&SEHOLD INVEiSTMENTS. comprising four le-ck-built dwielling-houses. N`63s, 1.23. and 4. laeroay-road, Camber. wil-green, in tbe'prih of St, Giles and county of Sus-er-: three wxe Let end one unlet. butesatimabed to produ-ce altoget-her £72 per annumn. Held for a long termt, at low ground rents. MATylse viewed by permaisseon of the tenants, and particular obtained ait the Camnberw-ell Arms. Clamberwell-green ;the Mart; of ItL G. Citipperfield. Esq.. solicitor. 14. Trinity-street, Borough. and of Messrs Priockett and sons, auctioneers, tc., Higbgste. and 34, Sonthamnpton-buidin-s. Holborn, Copybold Houses.-Great Stauruore, Mdlsx IESSRS. PIRICKETT and SONS wiLl SELL by -AUCTION', at the Mart, on Friday. May 16, ini one lot, a desirable COPYnOLD ESTATE;- comprising a' dwelling-house and threesmdihouse, ad oundsgtogethnear, will nha lto Suildeng gyroun. situte n th paishof GeatStanaur, i Strhie, d went fMddlsx. hndeArmTION Edeat the Mae Frt.:aof Mfay r6. atiad2, ind Floader sioLcitolrs, II6,LGr EhS-TrEt.cy; anprsdg of -a Mess. acresi ond Sond, FreeolldapedfoBuilding padlunarpose, nearat FatBouandsturey. by dire- tione of tarhem Exeutix oFe r.n .ILstvrange deresrto;ed. re ~IESSRS. PRICKE and SONS wil SieLLd byd part-cunlars obtained on application to John Lawrnece. Boundsone ; the B3ush Hotel, Farnhamn; of C. F, Philps, RE5q solicitor. 44, Lln- eonins-inn-fields ; at the Mart ; and of Messrs Primenes ant Sans. auc- tioneers and v'aluers, 34, Sonthasopton-buildings, Chancery-lane,and Hizbgate. MNiddlesex. Up~ton, -West Ham. lfsosx.-Freehold Bluilding Land, by direction. of the tecuitrix ofMSr, J. 11. Strange, deceased, 1UESSRS. PRIOKETT and SOINS wJI SELL by ILAUCTION, at thelkMart, on Friday. Mlay 16. at 12, in ninlot, a desirable PLOT of FREEHOLD BUJTDIN`G LALND, ut ULpton, in the parisli of We-st Ham. Essex. posesng a frontage of SO feet on Resle-street, and admirabdy adpe o ch rection of second and third rate houses. May he viewed, and particul axs obtained at the Spotted Dog Inn, Upton:. at the Auction MIart, city; of C. IL Piis Reiq.. aolicitor 4, AILincoln's-Inn-fleldls ; or of Mle-srs. Pzickett and Sons, a-actilons-ers und valuers, 34, Soutbarnpton-buildngS, Chancry-ae and Hichbgate, Middlesex. u Desirable Leasehold Inestment. Tottenhaiaeur--odand Fitrozrarlet.-ly direction of the Execuitrix of M1r.J.. H. Strange,deceascd AESSRS. PR1CKETT and SO-NS mifl SELL by LgL AUCTION', at the 11art, on Friday, TMay!;S, at 12 -a 000elot, a desirable IXEASEHOLD HOUSE, withn comnmaudin- shop froait, being No. 1a3, Tottvnhamn.court.road ; tegether wnith a brick-built House in tirerea, N. I,Holroo-cort, itzoy-arkt, let on lease to desir- abnle eany, andd lereacVaguabl rental of £134hper aulunnuman, atay0, daniclrectaione on the premises; of Cr . F. Strangs. decesed. s t ~fESSRS. PRICKETT and SONS willM SELL by TLJAUCTION, at the MNart, on Friday. May 16, at 12t, in one lot, a desirable CLOSE of FREEHOLD DULIN LADkorna the hih nort road:at preent ocupied ty S hr PGreenansan brick Haekney-wielk,-.Freehold HIouse and Buiflding land, b.y direction vi thte Executrix of ldNIr. J. H. Strange. leceased. -if ESSR.S. PRICKETT and SONS will SELL hr T1kAUCTIONT, at the M.ort. on Friday, May 16, at 12l, in lots, a brick-built FIIERIIOLD HOUSE, 7, Tennyson-terr-ace, togethier with several Plots of Freeholsl bauilding Land, ha-ring frontages upon Chapman-road and aower-roa, Hluckney-irick, a short distance irorni the Morpeth Cast!e Tavern, and nearly adjoining the junction of the Tilb-cry Fort and Santhend. Railway with tire East and West India Dlock Railway. May be viewred, and particulars obtained at the Ifforpeth C~'stle Tavern, Hackney-wick;toMr; of C. F. Thilps. RE,q., solirigor. 44, Iluwoln's-iunn.Oelds; and of Mlessrs Ps-ickett and Sons, auctioneers aunt vahicnr. 34, Southampton-builrlir.gs Chancery-lante. Highbury.-Au excellent Freehold ltesrdeuce and PInlts of Building Land, by direction of the Executrix of Mr. J. H. Strn nze. deceased. YiESSRS. PRICKETT andl SONS sw-ll SELL by IT.- A'UCTION, at the tart,city,on Friday. Slay16, at12, in lots, the desirable and suhattanilFEEIO,HOLI)RESIDIENCF with garden, being 8, Park-place, Htghibnry, containing every accolmmodation fur a respectable family; trcether with three p1lota of valuiable freehold butilding land in the s-eat-, havinig frontages of 1-S feet each Up-on College-.treet. May ho vrieweil and particulsws obtained at the if iihbniry Barn and Cock Taverns, Highbury ; of C. F. PhilipsR, Esq., solleitor, 4:4. Luncoln!s-tnn-fielda; at the MAart, city; and o1 Messrs. Prickestt CadSns utioneers and valuers, 34, Southampton.-buildings, Cla-ncer11A--se a-nd Highgate, Mfiddlesex. Totteulhsm.-Eligiblo Freehold Building L.and, ait Pare-green, by direction of the Executrixt of Mr. J. IL Strane, deceased. TVIESSRS. PRICXETT and SOLNS wsill SELL by - - AUCTON. ~at theItit, city, on Friday, M'a~- H,at 12. in lots, sev,eral PLOTri of eligible FREEHOLD BUILDTG GLAND. possessingfrotags o Maklled.rad nd agegreen-road. Tottenbaam, ahoc ditanc ofthe stlnhan Sttio on hu asten Cuntes Railway,The andtax as ben edeeed. ay e viwed,andparticu- 1'incbley.-Ao deleant Freehold Itemdence. in zhe 1-toisn style of airchitecture, with 1ts.. Ir. 3p. of Land, the property ci the late Thnrower Buckle Herring, REq. YjESSRS. PRICKETT and( SONS lhave boon faILvoured wsith instructions to DISPOSE OF the abov-e by AUC-. T.ION, at the Mart. onWeVdnesibsy. June 4,atl12. This valuable estate. mcostdesirblysituate atE,ast-end.,nFincley,io the cout-'yof l;i,ddiesxi. commanding delightful -ncews over Ca-is-wood, the cent of the rarl of Mara,feld, and the adjacent country. The residence is elegant and sisbeta?stial. and has for several years post been occupied by T. B. Ho-rsing. , . lately dmeeaed, and cermpriaes, on the ebsanaber dloor. ai;x principal bed chambers, five servats' rooms and water-closets, principal and s-condary ataircases; on the grormd floor is a. well proportioned entrance-ball. adining room 25 feet by 11feet. elegant drawving romis. comimunicating by folding doors, the extreme dimensions being 3-3 feet by Sf1 feet, a library, and convenient domestic offices, well-as-ranged yard. with uniform erection of stabling and carriage houses. pleasare grounds. kitchen gardens, anid farns-yarrd, togethier wIth an enclosurr oFrichbey meaidowebexd.otann togeenthe F laritr..Te an fetstPateis frneehl, eictuept amllres slyipaofcphl, and wein dServes tthenpoetiyn o theularte fhromwentBellemHenreuring, a oa outr esdec n LondEn Mayb PRIOwed,an dTTailed particuare, withslancte oh- t thed inrectim,onr ppiato to SEesbyA rs.N Woon and Freane,a Fstlrioend, Fanlco n-stheet coithan tof Muesas-a gericket andSam.OnLD tFneRa NdTUElanduvaltuersed4 SutcsmpSnedidong, chapisncery-ana, ande Iihogate, foiddlrext.ArbuidInhbdtdscet o Winwe, Spaictrs, mhorses, Cvarriaes, wssad and FaringStck,th prolert fit rnlteuhrwe i uclues Habrring, exedngdnngtbe.ie M -1- abSrS,.u hP.RiCKeTv andomSONS adewingrostrnctud by cnisLting ofsteeran tor-SElub fUCTders ond theis Preuises, atEarsteo nd. ichle,inoa thbes monthplof Juine.yh aenuiner OUSHOL FURNITRE, mnufactred Iy Messs. Sedo be ompriingd hand berd cais,cuches, dinnem wgonse, near; drawmingeom. sniue lee and ousonly) tab les,-tnelte chImNey WanpierD Loglses, c-arpeats sandutirn;e waell-mn fufactresd fehldb.artrnther, plate,pae asac-lu-t lest n,a fewpicurs, books, 300 ducinnes offchices wines. caialrng-snsee, Soypaee,horses co,earmingd Crwlndmentm. nd ueou. te 1%.fR. ALFRED COX wvill SELL, on June 11 (or befoprehaound, the welegan it HOII USE.CE, Wralto Lodgerre, anSta. Jtazndiele'vated inc foreares, freein,hold:togehr w4itarh cach-ht oue rstablg m ean's ro, onlae,ntz24et-Auctiones fie,6,near' Bondi-strieew aodsre nd Upper Baker-street, H dshort Leansehold:a CsOwn 0haltonent. R. ALFRED COX wvil SELL, on Juine 11 (ornes Iii..refiorehan), thobe wellbIlt HOUE , dearedin twoyderstre, St.a hilel.s with bhaci preisewsI adointing: hueldrors 24bears candbets tou lresosbe a oty enants,on lae aot, £124nest-aurctioeer' c.Ancices. e ofm,NwBond-street , and Upper Baker-street. HandsmeKMnTin.at-Od CIhArlI haveKent. f%.ALFur ED COXi wmcillstSELL,yA on lJuno ..(unlessi tirILareviLously), onol FrSIDENCEa1, detachedr ,i two ap-os, onua hl.WiThR CORrNg views. k tnowntais nue eril,ous bhee cihrambrs four largem tndloftyrecepdvthion rooms ralstof staircase,it &cr- areitsoaerl officeys.taewiondstoHret,fand Uppe Wake Tes--sreet, crprse 13.1t ftavou-retd wt binstrctins li toiSeLL by lAhotIC ito tIo waterhelon oart 19ndon. on Fimtr riday,gMay 16, raot 12apfor edtaelpowerful AttedRewb Cordn wtIh,inon anv Weatsmilth ontlser, t high roadetgroi Wre,atnd torWare. furd withi qatwmles. of the I caita cornpabefrkents ai railway' stnatindsuplyof Hrterd , adoiWars, lahe prprty' cnomprises a sbtrantlAdacetlT ely-ereted brick an ,lintld sil-teoustabwith tnoswaer whees. nel ft.in iamter driingythmo oimp vinedms.sicero four oiseof4 t. Fencheton wth dessin land Sack 14acklnWae, l station ndSuplSo. atr ofI T adonalrg grist handvoe r osistrad, tAdaceint arem n hewly-rectdprietk and SELate sb g,CTeNclose and opraen's hedsbick annd Wanre.o brewdandMy 2,a woo hoses a inwlyeretedmoiner an fREOrcn-hD pWlantedOwith chicuae vin'es. Apgrsotreet gadnan rarrd-Conitsmetensing,so oubenlsco,is yar.d. and whare. pTotal dwea.hosir contParnsticulars.ourth conitioens O ale. maytcbe, shzd Ware; a d of th auctioeers, t Ilersonaandoystoin tESSRS. COOKE TT anid NASH havet announed thonls'Vu-arel from theaPrpretor to SELL byAUCTION, inlts the ls-ace's Hed In. War, c preseed o.sMy2, ma13for4 in'he stret, Wre,withitsmetng,shop. o tbidns, yrard,tandy wharf. Th delig-oueconmtain atw parlours. pnter .bc ichn tr gery,e and ions-ubed lacom, anld hnlasego ceromrtge, tbe oe-re and. othrotbculdins. T th conditiogis capable of( sp eig2 ures peandrith, its barly chamlyber hand ml shopes,rhs be aeyt it gioodRepar.thewhlei 1d0theaCild o arepairin eae a 4 e Hastnnum, whisch-leaseuil expirehoat urchturmasnext Theyard ando buildings Textendo. th rive,anring tbe t valugableSdefacil,t ofmwater atoth iouns tr in tecihuroewod; and ofl theautiongeeBrussatlsoCar- W.)ARD will SELL by AUCTION M 2k bill of sae), on the Premises, 4, Linton-terracs. Hastings,er thu ,-"lW a Terminus. To-mnorrow (Thursday). at 12, all the eeln H OUEOLD FURNIITUREB of a niine-roomed house. On view. an-Ictlogu es hnd on thue premises, and of the auctioneer, 7, Waworh reed Londo Hennineton and Lamnbeth.-Valuable Leasehold &-aite, also a Ground Rent of eliS. and a Life Policy for £30, for absoolute Sale. -W t J.AV.WARD has received inistructions from TION at heAfrt,on Tuesday, May 13. at 12, in six lot,n, the following toOP TY ftbcacriJbnl bawllolnghu being to SELL , by AUCKennixigton-park; a three-stall stale and warehouse.i; thmes Lamboh; to dwllin-houes, eingHoe,39 and 41. Esber-street. isi god epir an a-el bls repetabe sants.at reni amount- The popery maybe vewed ypesmissinofthe tnn.Paiculars and ondtion ofsolohadof Msse. ILandF. Chse,solicitors, I, Church-row.. Newingtlon-hutlts; at thoMart and atteofcsof thec auctioneer, 7. Walwortb-road. 1ewisharn. Kent, -Genuine Household Furnituire and Effects. malto- goyCheffonier, mahogany sweep-back Chairs (hair seats). Ci-octave CttaePianoforsein ro'ewood caseoe, oK LGo Table, 20 fine Prantt, and numerous Effects. MR. J. W. WARtD will SELL bY A-UCTIONT, on 1VIthe Premises. 15, Church-ve. Lewisham. back of the old church, on Tuesday, M1ay 20,by orer of thePropiietor, going abroa,d, about ISO lots of nearly new GOODDS, of the usual description. On view the day prior and mnoming of sole, Cpaalogues had on the premises; White Hart Inn; and of the aucitioneer. 7. Walworth-road. 21, Den bt-plaes Was-winkr-square. PImiuco,-Excellent Ftorniture, Pnoin RZoeewood, C~abinetz, 3vs-enses Engravings, Chian, Glaas, AtaSR.J. B. HAWKER andI Co. WMl SIELL by crimsn Uieehtvelvt, nblo himnyglaoes,dining, room funtre, librry urnture 12chars i oa an inleab,pofegaig ra --ia -,& .- -d n- viewsm; oft SW ro,= = O. -I ? .? 1 ?- SiL~aeholfor-nveemscpin Rerniondsey. ME.SSRS. PAVIS and VIGUYR3 are instructed by . th Morgage toELLL byVA'UCTIOY at the Ifrt, THISI DAY, M&y 7. at.12-for 1, a LEASEROLD RESIDEIVCE, 1, WVillovl' held SR a uep, temD 1 er,a agreundirent cf b4ge 9.m2 u tMeksgbeR viwr byerissiona Atof tho SELnt: rAUCTslaaIOn nstitnehoast, Tat thY, Marty anti 2at NThe5 PAuioneerP odAIc3 1i0 thae Geeand lumity ofsIsurance inmpane Genera5 sbaesmuinAsts- sL=e Comspany. uon which £1 per share big been paid, aud apo!kvy of asmanuneefur £1 effectesitiathe eacoetlice. apon he le of a etle manowaged535yeaL Parz-ticlarsan&deonditionsofsaleincyb bad of Ide5srs. Norris and Allen. solicitors, 20, Bedfoar-row - at the hIatt; aud auctioneere'nfflces. 3. Frederic's.pliace, Ota ewey~. Forlovatmnt r ccuatin.-, lwadford-squa.e, ble.rslnbone 7IJrESRS.DAVIS and VIGERS are directed tck 4JL SELL by AUCT'ION. at time Mart,THIS DAY, M~ay 7th,at 2" for],. a capitaliHSflDENCE situate anid being S, Blandford-squxrc. Marylebone, containiug six bed roams, drassing rooma, twoldrawliac zooms communicatin'- aih folding dloors, diLing anud brcskfast roam-. smal sitin rom. raust-epers rom.andwell-arranged domoeotkr offies, atel letto M.. Pnwie at reta ofe£11 per anunum: wint! excelentataliagin landord-ncw, ii th rear, -now leb at 4£,G Ier anum: hed fr anenepine tem of52~Years, at a grour,d rent of1 £25 er annm.May e siwed,and artculars andl cnditions of ale hd ofMesss. Deonshre ad Walinge. soicitrs, S. Oldl Je-wvy:atch his-b;andat teautlaners offces 2,Frederick's-place, uilt £424per Aarmndrn h eo a gentleman aged 59, andI Po'licv of Assurancef-£60uonte said life, efftctedvath tLe Taw Wie Acsairance Ascaini 82 A ES DAVIS and VICGERS are direcled by thea sriigAdamssLtrater of the Grantee to SELL by AUCTION'. at tbe IEart, TUIS DAY, Play, 7 Ilt. Lit12 for I, In one lot, an ASNUITY of £7,4 for 99 years. frora 20th.NMarcb, I332 if a, gentleman., nowage 58 abal satog lve,aeure upn-extensive and rnahmbalo prat bacrued tereo. rartionofarusaldt edtin f oe a 14R. L.A. LEWIS will SELL, -t lis~ Hoiien, 125, FL .leet-stree.t, To-seorrow (Thiusaday) rat riday evenings, lIlay S and 9. 503 LHPRESSIONS of fI AVID. RIOIERT-s' grand WORtli. the Destruction of Jeruairin, in rinP-ts, proofs, anwt 0,;urs: 12 Do'lant Abbey. large lpaper, six Bo' ton Abbey. colcusol ; fO P,andom. Slot, India beftre letters and stamnped; Rteturna fram Hawkiig, first sta-te India proof, only 12 so taken. the QueeuIteceivlrg the Sa~cra:Lrut, diAt state India Proof, onl3Y siX to taken11 and larg1S0Assortmet of n,iRael!aneuoos envavings. 33ooke in nuiis c L.A. LEWIS wil SELL, at h-s Houise, 125, coF-et. crt, on S~aturday. 10thi inst.. the STOCK ef a BIOltiSELLER uan STATIOINER, also 4t00copi-s of Catherne GraceGCotiwin's Poetical Works. ninat eleganitlypridnted in 4t f. sulperbly bunDd i'a extra cloth with g;'itleaves, and illustrated witbh 33 1easstifat weedI enigravings, deGignCdbyltirk-eiFoster. Win.Harr,ey,; Ii . Wlne,taLsaIl others, together wit the wood bloasts; 50 Share's History o-f bhrpt I vole. Svo.: 25 Sharpd's Vocabulary of E;vptiin nieroglyphics; 2 B rlstttonthsBew Testament. Sva,: ArneriranpabhWlatioe, c. Cabhcineb-aer's and Upholsterer's Stock; suis,rior Furniturc.-U. CharIt'sstreet, ldiddlsEe-x IIespilel. XTT. TIMS will SELL.by AUCTION, on thae TL PPremises, THIS DAY. May 7. at 12, nader dbssolateRn of nartnership. &c., the'whale of the manuracturedI andI unmrannfachirecl STOCK, oromprising several well'ma4e mahogany 'ringed 'rar,lrobes, drawng,dinng oomant eas chirs cocis,, oo, caional, fancy, capitalu dining,anddresingtbl.des,tglsses Iasligland, and tmiEyd soaRs T.gsas TheIAISod willanSELds pl AnksCadIONer, atitta, Cammden-town.Lo.Ex itLhiert on Tuesay, May 7. at 1 ,TO At Xst. s1a tald For.n read, Isiny-gtocno le tiothighly rSpetal toenants aItobir mndtVoollafes- Viis. CamdEn-Tow,htete RE t £78; hELL,f abot his yRoom.sa a-,s- Grudrents ['albrtien-laree atTHeISat DAY H.a 7oi', Pt-1 or. Ey pl.acerad - of.CTOmna'ndoPfices,OAT,LIegent-shee0, and 51, of hairetitreet Flisoy-attosersare. ales urse w ibn li- 'drslay.-Stmmu oftackiotirc. S dozaveno iebainnc, and Woo.l Lad.es on Viw~No 2, b ACaps` Coroncet, Hemntc. od Lmeh lLr1l ROBERT REID wall SELL, i athis Presineg, iUNg, URE0 coat p rou ng.ser,adtacots (lpemiey m,bostn diinng elmcs, 12 its ohers, anserase stock of. Ma,yb dieted and cug aolredc inad,mco tign VArab.-No 2,dst.a wiansth bange,ga lencuingtcnredd, warmbeol.- Whmell-madtue, Funi tu-re 1efflues. ofa bok, anwd. l tillerts, Man b. RO EThEDaidEL on the premises, ado & oetPi,4,Gz ul 12 dubitochirs and a pair. ofseabyldto aFunditure ovtenredo in Purl,'C-o cabnet, pai2 of. rofewooda dittowih at-glae dobers Cian a. t wanu hiaRaint n cheriMOh scen, chImeOgAsses,i SEanIstra hagay AU-CsTION.bedtea wthei hrangioogs, 23elen Cbnerig.areroTemaorrwgany Frnc and2fo aponed gArabecianledlidsand Fls.'XTURg puc-hamberfurit-ure, bend th-ice effcts Mayibe vee. cctr g-!ues. mayheha sones glosspr pots,n andlc R bouet Re2Ih. 45,GreatPlnbnrughs.On-strewth. Eyroade.l.~emy ToePbimsh aond o ohers.-Ilousehold Fuarnifture. al-7jtt!rsef t1s.i CIrSE. GARMONDR wild SELLObyAUCT IlNSELn hye xmis UCON, . at7hei greatRooms,rra3. Cetihacr-lane. TomenAo, May 7, at 12.byorie,o tome grodsretrend'ARTd o FU eia.aUen besteads, bedding, tablres,in thbeiR. bOkes.m ic,ahsogy th4e foittmg ofI pGobi~le-oe, maiogn-pullester sengie,ar. c1atine. rcnnsewoo ao-ch,'ags, haronsoei reXs. Ony v iew d the day priar.in and catlouesredy ofsae,ndctalh-ogues obernneousen hol Furnwitue anad a Ih'eanc- thon er Prfiemses1, Nato.n17, ilertn'tra,,lclshts,TlI HSEOLVe.4DoznFUrItUR, Sherryprisso Chmahog anycr'psoot ted Csteas oivaChatpagne, Desintamles, la-sne.;tmahoganbclee ro lavaluad Clocktanle mahoantedesta. ieer.car.rswo oc,si ofealo. and rohetanloge st obained cupnthe preinses an-d ats thre ads- Oban esa-goldozenC Pary Sherry. Harsa ei,and Chmp tn.tVor.n , is far casnoes orChamplage,tDablond Onmns a! lt,vlal Clocks andi Water's.le a-opae rsig-ae x-vA,yfttd op!e,glsses Dies,wre waMrut, aSTOeRfets and Siew thol Theln buroocestsnge oaLaton e anoed flraoringsh Pand Paius,y Sqac tol 7-chains goldwatche bytag Adams, lairrisof bentliantohete, sinucer chonaAset,7 ierbyearie tablerhandigs nan lok,ato ff.eer ope'e-gasse, ine, wne arrnts an efe,On vi ew the slay Totavde rsewand Cottarge.W Piano, a pair; oatterislant la CPinme Plnglasses,uantipiece Pasorhangirya.&a. M L. . Sms oSTELbAUwION, aEL byo AtUCT,,IO,aed pco ianofortes, GohCutonl-actino haeers, peibrevhbo;a,o Bornaments, bed uroam furnxiturfe, beding blankes. rictues Now ovngq-e,udlf To'buildes n othtrs.-30at th Rolank 21h, ldBoal-tters,an TinemFlanw Alay S . at1 n 12. R the ex aseu aened e fasionatrictions fron MUR.ITWRE SDipsrto SnL mbyaUCTION,l atbe Aroa",atnashisf,Pa potbdsre te addigo. THIStu DAY, cptaly 7eaing t1" Spa' niesh ve :`oa:vances marder,inbets. 7c1hpsce oft R fE 3 PraNE (TSagM-isast, 2toiyellowbbaatendDlatni. 1a11e1y plankzdeals anuod hravvens mrspa~inSO 1o10 whaitsadcnhiie batn greenberot),a supario iuantietyeof Wcesi Igy catalogues robtained of Wir. couche, andt.be, slctvor.3 61eorte -street, pustn-sotesary;gand of Mr. . i roewG claEesa, auctioneer, 79.an Ifi Oldqu cond-trein-Evellvetau modrn o.-insholad FounitueR, Two c61 cpiccolo Pianofrtes, Cut-lrassn Gsuehs, mibahr~y Tabte,rorolcessic chimer' Irihrt Sate. cLaw xok, Picturoes, Encenvintats, iartnd Eltests ILL by AUCTON, at the ooms, 21. ld,Bend-ireet '1nesTuorrow Stay5, a II ur 1. te exellet an fmhiolanabte Horbik hll )t FURNTURE comrIsig maopsn andethro thoia Renet foi-r- wingedo arhtdeli hstfu of darawers wash-stances outhe coasrt ,le-oa,s toietwentabes andm glsss averyn chiewalnut-ian octbdraing room tale atchanirand iw cofhinoe gaplreecot,anperlaod mcrinsts aherici a thbes s( cabinet,rlwesroo chairs,conch,t wibnd tbeles,to fi-ctve sem scresiet anitiquve arsivevtndorc. hgay conchee.B l. -ACI ITS,easy chaiFr, s oetso mahogany dinin Tablesa, peesal s,atebainrtl diner oorag-a capta pitues Su egrvins,bot-cye, mahogany libar rilochd, chars,idiners ion hess, eedbots,the o ,&Statute. iatn' thedAens Law Jgral eprs and cmadnmosthoer yineboat, ieq led TusPcR. Tine, tenders,bl re-ositdbene cinethe gliss s.l cflinary atiectilre,is en furtniturybft fsoe, and a aitfefcaits,riemoe ram theido Reaen.-g la rk, wdiphidom Grysinn, ander hiandersomae, Ing vooiewZ day pr1or nSi fcat- Isle1 ofeetigh; a (lining mo ofain thesamen.o thze cobasyt,)midway 1 beetweenftheptons ol lede rnandtNwpodrt and ,mbracin mpint vncand ethinghvew ; thre Haomps frirandiserrndcats, EStitre-il ani temai!sotsetban. Onthabeobasemet, withn eatst al fove tinsan' s r.'epete wleith every capital ithen,B Mllry. larderSPIT, an(itolcs. IkePie othe l,wn thyde, otb o -vn Thrdy bay15.at inda Ikem bl5rx, Virte ssr prueviousl gadiespoe bofs- by privateuonract ofamwhid,choraEi nticbe wl Aoomst d1aesirf able partoperty, I knsowcln oras Wooisicale1,r taleor Wihs and clauegommnds,soing most ualatly nto tle eFie ies. acpt IThben dn efoiabe residence,in teuvrSwiss stLeen trehies, n.-ao.is veg insutni ally o buil cofcc soton, ando unpise7 an oarilorleidsslinEto bal. itordomeTlighleaaveryohndsome htdbyvhg ram,t10tes byo .u fE-ot. end 1 be bilo; dinng oom f thdsa ansire, libary! est anr 14 maids clset,Ac, n te baemen, ss-aIs' b &all, idf fota' sterji room,houskeepr's oom, inead hor artic, utters tandn arsuto Baths,-ImpcrIant Sale of Freehold Groundl Renlts, Rcvc-emiorslu leeo with-imlsrovedResuts napotoehprsc oudet,Rvsions in Fee with apportioned pa,rtsof Ground Heats, It~eveiarsto Fpeevwith GroundRcotent Grouna Rents fcrItengterms of lerrSormfl the Reyersion in Fee expectant en thoere terms ef years, and Rests-- sione in Fee without eny rent while in reversion, AiESSRS. BAIRTR.M have the honour toanroimncey JLthat they have been favoured with irnstroctiecs to h-ELLIy AUCTION. at their Reams. IS, Misora-tTeet1 Ifatli, on rLam ay, Mayv229, and taco following days, at I for 2 o'celodk in the afterare.u irs late, to enit the convenienceof the iudi-viduat owners at the reserat iraParties and small capitalists, well-secured and valuabile letiEMIoL-D GROUJND RENTS, issuing out of m-ewuages ardt pmiosea-s stoate !as the Royal-crescent, lBreck-street, Circus, Gay-street, Qsnarrte htirera-street, Gihhs'-court. Cornweil-terrace, Chattais-row,Wl-t. Darade, Mar-'aret's-hlll, Upper andLower tasmden-place ICers'i -ZbnotValcot and St.0James4, in the city of Bathl; alsso, the valuabi- 1heverKi:onsinlFec, withimnproved r-ents an-d apportion,ed part,sof gr,numul sent ofrnessnages and premnie2ss,smt nS..arssecr,tal-e-n,s tretPark-street, St. Jamcs's-slreet, andl St. J=enoss-plsce,. 1int, paihof Waaoot aforesaid: alto, the Reversitns in Fee, withqqportionertIpartaof grondrent of aeEsuagesand Premises rituata n ,vrs,-_ Etreet and Glocester-street, in the parish of WValcet afresaid; at,!tO mnOldl King-tireet. Barton-bmildngc, Eouieraet-huild:I.gF Uppe.Cr aedt Lower Seinereet-couris, Oxford-row, Chatham-row', 3,roDnsOutiilh_ ce, Little Stanhope-atreet, Wile-street, Upper Bristol-roa, Jnartbo place, AMcry-lans, Ac,, in the pjarihes of Waloot and St, jame,s aorecsaid; also, the well-secured Grouand Rents, for long terms of yesys, witli the recversicn in fee expect-ant on those terms of years, of niessnaes and premises situate in Southgat-veisteet, Cbrn-rtreet, Soemen,l street, Acmery-lane, the Amnbnry, New Quay, ta, in tjme peel-j of EL James afores;aid; also, the3 Reversions in Fe%, Tithout any Gr55z.-I rents while in reverson, Of mesanages andI Premises situate in SL Jamees'B-squar Marilboroug,h.street, rarc-atreet, Prek-place, Gre-b' 3Bedford-street, St. James's-street, Earley-etreet,3Portland Chapel afil Of snIAUlypieces of valuable building ground in theparfast of Wn!-ioo1 aforesai. Pa ptdairticuilasr and condition, of sole gar in coureo P hn andw be ready for delivery on the 6th Of ray next, Oi a~~e whih da thy ma be bteictiof Messes.L Falkneri Anit
