DEATHS. On the 2Sth of Februnry, at Sandy, FE S. Waring, Esq., late of the Civil Service, aged 60. On the Lta inst.. Mr. JeremiahWoodrow, aged 76, an old andrespected inhabitant of Ityde, Isle of Wight. On the Ist inst., 3t N;\elson-squaTe, Surrey-road. Pihebe Clemenia, aged 23, the beloved eldest daughter of J. Finch, Esq., Htanoverchambers, Bockingham-street, Adeiphi. Onithe Is' inst.,at his residence, the Park, Abbot's Bromley, Stafford. rains, deeplY regretted, Mr. Woodroffe. brother-in-law of the late Charles Oldtield, Esq., of Fitzroy-park, Eigbgate, aged 70. On the3d inst.. at his residence, Clarence-street, Cheltenham, ;yimam Rtidler, Eq., aged 59. On the 3d inst., at Grately, Hants, Wm. Henry Gale, Fsq., in his 67th ye3r, much regretted by his family and friends. On. the 4th inst., at onuvain, John Capel second son of the late Joseph Batho, Eql., of Cneshunt. On the 4th inst., at St.AIban's, Annie, eldest daughter of Dr. Cnsey, ;0getl?. On the 4th inst., at Winterslow, near Salisbury, Wilts, 3r. Charles Sing, in his 77th year. On the 5th ins.. at Dicker Parsonage. Sussex,of scarlet fever, htyles, eldest eon of the Rev. FHy. Law Cooper and Emma Cooper, aged 3 years. On the 5th inst, John Fielding, Fq., of Belgrave-terrace, Higher Broughton, Manchester. On the 5th inst. drowned by the upsetting of a boat, in the Thames, tear Reading. VIllilam, aged 15, the only surviving son of Sir Edward Borough, BLat. on the 6th inst., at Calne, Wilts, Mrs. Henly, in the Sith year of her age, deeply lamented by her family and friends. On the 6th inst., at reckham, Mr. W. Alexnder, late of HM2.'s Ordnance Office, Tower, in his 70th year. On Sunday. the 6th inst., in Grosvenor-street, Christiana Fox, the beloved wife of Daniel lambert, Eq., of Branstead, Surrey, aged 71, On the 6th inst., at Davenport, after a long illness, James Moffitt Eq.. M.D.. First Class Surgeon. He served under the Duke of Wellington in the Peninsula, and at Waterloo, and had the honour of dressing the orly wound his Grace received. On the 7th inst., at his residence, 25, Osuls-ton-street, Somers-town, 31r. Willisas Ryton, in his T5th year. On.the 7th inst., in the 65th year of her age, Mar, the beloved and affectionate wife of C. H. Cose, Esq., Spark-hill, Birmingharn. On the 7th inst., suddenly, Frances Mr, the beloved wifeof Richard Ward, 29, Queen-street, Cheapside, in her 50th year. On the 7th inst.. at hanger-lane, Stamford-hill, Edward Alfred, the youngest son of Thomas eorwood, Esq., aged 9 months. On the 7th inst., at Wandsworth, Miss Mary Ann Smither, late of Fottef's-lields, Tooley-street, aged3l. surviving her mother five months. On the 7th inst., after a very long iLness, Ellen Matilda, the beloved youngest daughter of George Cross, Courland Lodge, Wandsworthroad. On the 7th inst., at Spencer-street, Northampton-square, Mr. Mansel, aged 54. At lia-npton Vicarage, the residence of her youngest son, afterlong and tainful illess, Margaret, widow of Alexander Johustone, Esq., of Aberdeen. At Gwysmney-hall. Flints., aged two years, Hlerbert Cunlile, only E0n of AV. Foster, Fq. At Frognal, Hampstead, Miss Elizabeth Anne Fearon, aged 27.
THE CRIAEAN BOARD OF INQUIRY. This Board met yesterday at 11 o'clock, and, notwithstanding the lowering appearance of the day, attracted a full attendance of the public. The upper end of the hall was graced by the presence of many ladies, and his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge was again present during nearly the whole day. Colonel Tulloch was also present for some time. Upon the members of the Board taking their seats The Earl of Lucan rose, and, addressing the President, said,- Sir A. Woodford, my Lords, and Gentlemen,-Before you proceed with my case I think it is due, not only to myself, but also to those officers who hereafter may find themselves in a similar position, to request the attention of the Board to The Times newepaper of this morning. Just I efore leaving home this morning the paper was placed in may hands, and really I have not had time to read the article thoroughly, but I have read sufficient to enabledme to say that an article more improper in itself, from its injustice, from the manner in which the writer allows himself to comment upon all that transpired yesterday, to sift the evidence of the different witnesses, to compare it with that given in the report to wbich I object, and from the manner in which he brings forward the evidence of those persons whom he knows from his own report of yesterday's proceedings I im going to produce before you for cross examination, in order to upset that evidence ;-he has the audacity, continued the noble Earl with much energy, to bring it forward as if it was established evidence to meet such evidence as I have already brought before you. I do not hesitate to say that an article more disgraceful to the writer never appeared in any paper whatever; and if this paper pretends to be the leader of the public press of this country and of Englishmen, I say there is no Englishman who would not be ashamed of vriting such an article. Having said so much, it is only necessary for me to caU the attention of the Board to it. I am not lawyer enough to be able to say whether it be legal or not wvhile an inquiry is proceeding to make such comments; but it is so gross an injustice that even if it be legal it is a thing which should not be allowed, and I hope and trust that if it is in the power of this Court it will put a stop to a repetition of such gross injustice. The Board having consulted together for a few moments, The DETvrY-Jr.os-ADvocATE said,-I am directed-by the Board to infonn you that the matter which you have brought under their notice will receive their attention, and they will let their opinion upon it be known before the rising of the Court to-day. General Lord BEAUcsA31P inquired whether Lord Lucan could furnish the Board with a copy of Lord Raglan's order for the cavalry to take upon itself transport duty; and, also, whether he could inform them what that duty consisted of. Lord Lucan produced the original order, as follows:- -Dcc. 12, 1854, Head-quarters, Sebastopol. "My Lord,-I have the honoiur to acquaint you, by desire of the Commander of the Forces, that as the cavalry at this moment is not engaged in the performance of any field duties, his Lordship is pleased to direct that 50V horses may be employed daily in conveying provisions to the Infantry Division upon these heights. His Lordship proposes that these horses should proceed early every morning in eharge of a re-gusental officer to Balaklava, where they will take up their loads at the Cosmnissariat stores, and proceed therewith to the camp. I have the honour to request that your Lordship will be good enough to infonn me with the least possible delay of the arrangements which you propose to make in order to carry out this service. I' I have, &c., "lt. AIREY, Quartermaster-GeneraL" At the back of this order, continued the noble earl, is a memorandmn, addressed by me to Mr. Commissary-General Filder, requesting himn to state how the service can best be performed with the least pressure upon the horses. And on every day except two, wvhen siclk were carried down, the horses were en-aged in transport duties. In reply to general PEEI., the noble Earl said the 500 horses employed upon the transport service were sent early every morning fom the cavalry camp to Balaklava, the saddles of the regimentsbeing employed, as the ConmmissaryGeneral could furnish no pack saddles. From Balaklava the horses proceeded with their loads to the front, and were divided among the differelnt divisions. In consequence of the absence of pack saddles the horses could only carry about one owt., or half what could otherwise have been borne by each animal. The Light Cavals-y being in the worst condition, it wass arranged, in order to allow the Heavy Brigade to furnish the whole 500 for transport duties, that the Liglht Cavalry should perform forage duties for both brigades. The DEPuTY-JUDOE-A1)VOCATE.-The Board wishes your Lordship to state the order in which the regiments got their horses under cover, the period when stabling was beg and vhen it was finished. Lord Lucan.-I stated yesterday that in order to insure due diligence on the part of all the regiments I made one brigade report to me daily, and the other weekly, upon the state of their stabling. I have not those reports nowv, and am only speaking from recollection. By the advice of the engineer and from other reasons our attention was first devoted to hutting at the depGt, and when that was completed I thought it more convenient that it should be occupied by one regiment than by detachmients, and therefore the 17th Lancers, which occuipied them, was the first regiment which had stabling. I believe that was on the 10th of January. With respect to the commencement of the construction of stabling generally I hope and believe that all the regiments began as soon as they were ordered to do so. The regiments quartered nearest to Balaklava had the advantage of being assisted by Turks-the Enniskillens, the Scots Greys, the Royals, and the 5th Dragoon Guards; after whom came the 4th, 13th, 11th, 5th, and 4tls Dragoon Guards, who were the most remote of all. It would be unfair to suppose because a regiment was not hutted as soon as another that therefore they had not exerted themselves. Colonel Darhy Griffiths, of thse Scots Grey, wns then called, and in reply to questions from Lord Lucan (who was assisted by MSlr. W WTells, a solicitor) stated that lie could not remember the exact date wvhen he was examinedby the cIomnmissioners in the Crimea. Lord Lucan.-In your evidence before those commissioners you state that on one occasion in November you were threatened with arrest by me. Be good enough to inform the Court on what day this happened, and state as minutely as you can under what circumstances you found yourself in communication with me, and what passed between us.-I do not remember the exact date, but I think on the 16th of November, two days after the storm, when I, being field officer of the day, went to take your orders respecting the picket. You then remarked upon the coat I was wearing, and a conversation arose respecting it. I then said to you, "My Lord, I fear if something is not done immediately for my horses they will suffer severely, and I shall lose a great. part of them," having then lost a good many. You expressed great dissatisfaction, and, as far as I can remember your words, they were, "Do you think I have not thought of that myself, Sir? I have a great mind to put you under arrest." What you had to find fault with in me I cannot say, but my impression was at the time, and still is, that the threat was made in consequence of my suggestion. I may add there may have been some warm expres,-ions on my part towards your Lordship; but I am convinced I made no such expression until you had used very harsh words towards me. Do you rememlber the storm of the 14th of November?I do. W7here were you then encamped 7-I think it was the lowest ground. I know the ground was so low that I saw a goose swimming about in an officer's tent, and that will show in bow much water the horses were standing. In reply to further questions the witness stated that after the storm his regiment moved to a position about a quarter of a mile nearer Sebastopol, and opposite to Lord Raglan's quarters. He could not say who was present at his intervier with Lord Lucan on November the 16th besides Colonel Hodge and Lord W. Paulet, although he believed that Lord Lncan's son and Colonel Walker, among others, were present. He could not remember any meeting with General Scarlett and Lord Lucan respecting the Greys having been kept saddled longerthan other regihests, but was aware that Colonel Sullivan hadrepresentedhiiu at such a meetin. Lord Lucan explained that he was anxious to prove that there were meetings of the commanding officers in order to consult upon different question relating to the cavalry. Do you remember, Colonel Griffitbs, meeting the commanding officers in Lord W. Paulet's tent 7-I ain not aware of having been at any meeting in the front. I was at plenty of meetings at Eadikoi. When the altercationtookplace between us did you not say in a loud tone of voice, " You are not spealing to me as a gentlemnan should," before one word was said to you about being put under arrest? .7No, my Lord. Did you subsequently smake use of those words, or any like them 7-Yes, my Lord. I said that I had only addressed you as one gentleman would address another, and that you had no right to use the expressions you had done towards me. What were those expressions 7-I have stated them already. Lord Lucan was proceeding to comment upon the wtness's answver, when Sir G. B ERI;ELEY interfered, as the noble Lord was pursuing an irregular course. Sir W. Roxvas said the noble Lord had better repeat bis question. The question having been repeated, Colonel Griffiths replied,-1 have difficulty in recollect- ingthe exactwordsused by Lord Lucan, but upon my speaking to him of the necessity Of making sonie kind of cover for my horses he said, "Do you think I have notthoug,ht of that? II have a great mind to put you under arrest." He then used some very harsh words, which may have produced some degree of warmth on my part, and the end was I said, " My Lord, I have only spoken to you as one gentleman would to another, and you have no right to apply those words to mc." I was then ordered to join my regiment. Upon being further questioned the witness repeated his statement that he could not remember tIme exact words Lord Lucan had applied; but he had communicated them at the time to Major Conolly, who was present. He also toldthem to the officers of his own regiment, but he had not since spoken to them upon tIle subject ; and he never should have said one word about the matter had he not been asked about it by the commissioners, who extracted from him the answers which appeared in their report. The comnmissioners did their duty in -butting the question, and he did his as an officer, being obfijed, in self-defence, to show that he had not neglected tie interests of his regiment. He was asked by the commissioners whether he had made any writ- ten reports about covering for the horses, and answered "No," but that he had made repeated verbal reports. Do you not know that when the cavalry first changed camp it was proposed; as soon as materials could be got and assistance from the Turks obtained, that the permanent camp should be changed to the routlsward a distanco of less than a quarter of a mile 9-A s far as I remember, I knew nothing at ;ll about ie, for I could get no information at all I thiuk there was an order-a day-or two before we left the heights, but beyond that I do n~ot remember any. 17id you, then, believe the cavalry would stay where they~ wvere during the wrinter'?-N'o; I did not e.xpect that, for ve were moved so often. That wvas the reason for my asking you the question at the time. We hadchanged position about 30 times since we had landed in the Crimea. B At the period you inentions what kind of covering would you have proposed for the horses s-I would have dug-had it been only half a foot deep-a drain in front and rear of the horses; and tbat of itself would have kept them from being covered with water and mud, as I proved aftervards in the encampment at Eadikoi. The mud was such that when a horse lay down he was very nearly covered by the mud or water, or both; and when a suddea frost came on a horse lying down would be almost frozen in the nmd, and completely paralyzed. lany horses which lay dowFn perfectly well never rose again. The Turks built large huts. lord Lucan appealed to the Board that the witness was irregular in aluding to a matter upon -which he had not been questioned. Colonel Grifflths.-The Turks close to us built a large number of huts, which General Scarlett bought of them for 301. lord Lucan.-That has nothing to do with horses. Colonel Griffiths:-They were before my eyes, and gave me an idea of what could be done. At the period I speak of I knew a great number of captains of ships, and they were alvays saying to me, " Why don't you ask for our men to be employed to put up temporary shelter." At that time I laughed at them, and thought it foLy, but it was proved otherwise in the case of one, if not two batteries of artillery, the horses of whicl were covered by sailcloth and spars from the transport ships. Shortly afterwards I heard that Captain Methuen, of the Colombo, a cousin of an officer in my regiment, made an offer to cover the whble of the cavalry vith tarpauling upon spars, to be obtained from the transports. I myself would have made a drain round the hors~es; and, althoughs the accommodation might not have been very good, yet i f the horses were only protected as far as their belhies, they would do, as their legs would be protected by the mud thrown up as walls. Was it the business of the Divisional General to drain the camp ?-I should not, of course, think it was; nor was it mine. I should think it wvas the engineer's General PEEL.-Was it necessary to obtain anybody's permission to-make so trilling a work as a small. drain round the horses standing-places 7-I have already explained that we had moved so often that I wvas aiLc-ous to get some sort of guarantee that we were going to remain before I could ask the men to set about digging drains. The weather was very bad, niany men were sick, and I wanted some sort of guarantee from my superior that the men would not be working for nothing, as we might have moved away the next day after digging the drains. General rEEL.-In your evidence before the commissioners, you said,-" I stated to Lord Lucan that if I could hold out any encouragement to my men to the effect that they were to remain fur any length of time in the camp they then occu)pied I could get them to erect some sort of covering to save the horses when his Lordship threatened to place me under arrest for presuming to suggest such a thing."-Those were my words. General PEED.-But to-day you said, in answer to L;ord Lucan, that you told hiinyou wvould lose many horses unless svn.etlung was done, and you omitted to say that you made any proposition 9.-That was an omission. Lord Lucan.-Had I anything to do with moving the camp 9.-I cannot say; you gave the orders for movement, but 1 don't know wf here the orders came from. Lord Lucan.-At what date was this offer by the captain of a transport to construct shelter for horses made9.-I don't know when it was made, but I know it was the talk of the camp. Several of my friends cane to me and said, "whhy don't you get the order to cover yourohorses with canvass?-N but I cannot say who they were. It wvill not do to mention names unless you are quite certain of them, which I am not. Did you cover your own private horses with canvass 9.-No, I did niot. It was of no use going to any expense when I did not know how many hours we might remain in that camp; otlerwise I would have done it. Lord Luican intimated that he had no other questions to put to the witness. General PEEL.-It has been stated by Lord Lucan that every artificer was taken -to construct stables for the 17th Lancers. Did tbat impede the construction of regimental stables9.-It took away the only carpenter I had, and interfered with the construction of other shelter. Sir G. BmREtLuy.-AVould tlle formnation of a drain round the horses have cavsed great inconvenience in getting them out on occasion of a night attack 9-A small drain, of a few inches in deptl, would not have offered much difficulty. Earl BFziucsrunP.-Did the movement of the cavalry canmp rest with Lord Lucan ?-I do not know. I should think he would be the best authority to inquire of. He would know the most about them. Sir IV. RovAs.- Do you say positively that Lord Lucan threatened to place you under arrest for merely representing the wretched state of your horses ?-I have no reason to alter my opinion. I expressed my anxiety for the protection of my horses. I cannot say what was passing in Lord Lucan's mind at the time. Sir W. RONvAN.-You say positively that it was that alone whicl led to his threat ?-ldy impression is that it was solely on account of my suggestion. I may be wrong, but that was my opinion, and still is my impression. Colonel Grifliths then witlhdrew, receiving an intimation that the Board.would reqluire him to remain in attendance in case of further examination being necessary. General Sir Rlichard Airey was then called, Ile stated that he -was never personally examined by the Crimean Commissioners. Did not particularly remember any interview between Lord Lucan and Lord Raglan on the morning of the Sth of November, but most certainly recollected that Lord Lucan asked for instructions about,the winter enicampments, and either saw witness personally or dommunicated with him everyday on the subject of giving shelter to the cavalry. Lord Lucan.-When you stated, in your answer to the commissioners, that an Engineer was placed at my disposal, did you mean more than that you had ordered one? Did you mean to convey that any Engineer officer had really been given to me at that time ?-I regret that your Lordship did not, before the proceedings commenced, give me a little insight, not into the exact questions you intended to put to me, but as to the scope of those questions, because I should then be able to establish the facts more accurately than is now possible. From, I may say, the very commnencement, Lord Lucan pressed two points very decidedly and very imperatively. First he wished paiticularly to know where the cavalry were likely to be, so that he might commence operations for the shelter of hishorses. I don't know what his Lordship may have said to Lord Raglan on this subject, hut I am quite prepared to state that wit-l regard to myself his applications were constant. As for docunieitary evidence,itisimpossibleto be guided here by that; the business of an army in the field is conducted necessarily in a great measure by word of mouth, particularly on subjeebs like this. I stated to Lord Lucan that I could not give him the information he wanted, and could not tell him where the cavalry wns likely to be. At the time the cavalry were on the heights, I repeat, Lord Lucan continually importuned that something should be decided on on this subject; but from circumstances connected vith our allies it was impossible that anything should be settled definitively with regard to the cavalry. So soon as it could possibly be settled they were ordered to Xadikoi, and no sooner had Lord Lucan got there than he recommenced his applications to me for sat6.riet, for assistance, for anything, in fact, which would enable him to shelter his cavalry. This subject was brought before Lord Raglan on every occasion, and Mwe were aU actuated by precisely the same sentiments -namely, by a wish to save the cavalry, and give it every shelter and cover in our power. At last a commencement was made, but in a very few days I got a letter from Lord Lucan, stating thattheassistanceof an Engineer officerwould be of the utmost service, for that such an officer would be able to lay down the ground and save a great deal of unnecessaly labour. This letter is dated November 11, and states that they were going on as quickly as they possibly could with the construction of stables for the horses, but hat, in his opinion, the work wvould he emore satisfactorily planned and ex;ecuted if le had the assistance of an Engineer officer. His Lordship states further that he is inclined to think Lord Ralglan has been misinformed abouLt the French cavalry or Chasseurs d'Afrique, for he believes there is not an insance in the French army in which horseshelter or hutting has been provided. In my next note to Lord Lucan I informed him that provision would be made to supply himn with an Engineer officer, and I afterwards requested him to apply to the commanding officer of Royal Engineers for the assistance he required. An application to this effect having been made an Engineer officer v.as sent, and on the 17th Lord Lucan writes to me that Mr. Stokes has been with him, and asks if the commanding officer could manage to snare that gentleman. He concluaded by saying-"Alone am quite unfit and umable to build the cavalry stables, or answver for the efficiency of the horses ; and their existence now is become a matter of the greatest urgency." At that timne Captain, since Lieutenant-Colonel Gordon, was practically in command of the Engineers, and I spoke to him as to whether Lieutenant Stokes could be placed permanently at the disposal of Lord Lucan. The want, however, of Engineer officers was so felt at that moment of pressure during the siege that Colonel Gordon said, "I really cannot spare him; we -re so short of officers; so few have been sent out from England ; we are carrying on operations of such magnitude that I cannot spare an officer for this particular service. Mr. Stokes shall go to lord Lucan whenever lie can, and he shal give such assistance as he can; hut he cannot be placed entirely and solely at his L ordship's disposal." lord Lucan.-ThMen may the Board, from all that passed vwitnin your knowledge on this subject, suppose that there 'was no want of promptitude or ingenuity in providing shelter for the cavalry horses, but just the contraiy ?- I should certainly say that every exertion -was made by your Lordship in promoting the shelter of the horses; and from the duties devolving on the cavalry-from the fact that every sick man who goes into hospital makes twvo mess inefficient-from the labour 'which the men have to perform in maintaining all their equipments, independently of the attention they miist necessarily give to their horses, I think it is extraordinary that a cavalry soldier of himself should do anything in the way of constructing stables. Sir G. BEnKELEY.-I see inthe appendix to the Commissioners' report a letter written by you to the Commissary. General, dated October 24, 1854, and again on the 4th o December, in-ging in the strongest terms the necessity o'providing supplies for the horses. Will yen state w hat was the purport or the Commissary-Generals answer, and wh^.t was done .7-I don't thinkIshall be able to reply verv specificaUy to that question, but the whole circumstances of the time are so fresh to my mind that I can give a general answer, which will, perhaps, be satisfactory. I don't know whether the inference to be derived - from your question is -that nothing had been done within those two dates? Sir G. BERRELLY.-I don'tsuppose thatnothingwas done; I want to know whatwas done 1-Representations of wantof forage for not only the cavalry, but the artillery horses, the Horse Artillery, the bht animals of infantry divisions, and all the animals belonging to the army, were made every day. It vwas not on one day and then again at inteivals, but these representations were 3made every day. It was the invariable rule to send down to the Commissary-General for exp.kWitions on such points, and the answer was, I may say, always the same-that he had either been disappointed in his contracts with the people in the Levant, wrho did not iuiderstand the nature of contracts, and were a set of schemers and adventurers who undertook a, contract without, perhaps, the expectation of fulfilling it wholly, or that he had been disappointed in his supplies of przssed hay from England; that he had been assnred that he would ~receive (I am speaking now from memory) I don't know how many tonsof pressed hay-at all events a shipload, every fortnight ; that only one ship had arrived, and that therefore he had not the means of supplying us. He could supply barlev, I believe, to any amount, but everybody ;nows that barley is a description of food for horses which will not answer alone. Horses die on barley, though they will live on hay alone; and therefore to have increased the rations of barley in order to make good the want of hay would have been more mischievous than beneficiaL I perceive that the answer of the Commissary-General to my letter of the 24th of October is in the appendix tolthe Commissioners' report, page S8. Perhaps before I withdraw I may be allowed to say a word or two with regard to the evidence of Colonel Griffiths. An officer in the position of Colonel Griffiths has, as he himself states, really perhaps no other grounds for forming an opinion except camp rumours. He made an observation with regard to the non-employment of shipsl crews, and of tarpauling, spars, and spare sails, which wouid leave it to be inferredthat a subject of such vital importafice had been wholly neglected, or had not suggested itself to anybody whose duty it was to consider all these matters. *Now, Lord Lucan, in the conrse of a conversation which it is possible his Lordship may not remember, had spoklen to me on this very subject. It is to be observed that at that time nobody in the army had the slightest idea where we were going to winter. In consequence of that conversation I, in October, placed myself an communication witli the agent of transports with a view to obtain all the spare sails, spars, tarpauling, anid everything which would help to make a covering. However, the ships being continually on the move, it was impossible to do asiything at that time ; but, after it was pretty well ascertained where we were going to be, Ireceived on t'he 4th of December a communication from Captain Christie, in answer to my letter, in which he says that he has ordered the spare spars and sails to be collected on board the whole of the transports, and that they would be landed as soon as I sent an officer for them. An officer was accordingly sent, and they were colIected and applied to the covering of the stables. I don't, however, think the cavalry got any of them. At that moment the want of covering was eo great that these articles were absorbed* by the Artillery horses, the Commissariat mules,' and the bAt animals of divisions, long before they got to the distance of a couple'of miles from Baladava. I merely bring this fact forward for the information of the Board, lest,they should go away with the impression that no steps were taken in this matter by those whose duty it was to do so, while the thing suggested itself at onee to everybody eLse. In saying this, I impute no blame to ColosuelGXrifiths for not knolving what was being done with reference to this subject by a higher branch of the service wvith which he w as not at all connected. The witness then retired. Iord Lucan said he did not propose to call any v'itnesses, but he tendered himself as a witness, and was ready to answer any question which the Board thought proper to put to hlim. The Board here retired to deliberate. On theirreturn The DEPUTY-JUDGE-ADvocATE said-Lord Lucan, with reference to the appeal made by your Lordship to the Bdard on the subject of the comments that have appeared in the public press on the evidence given by you yesterday, I am directed to inform you that, however much the Board regret and deprecate any coimunents upon the proceedings duriigthe continuance of their sittings, they will at present confine themselves to an expression of their opinion that considerations of impartiality and justice peremptorily require that no comments should be made npon the proceedings of the Beard during the continuance of their sittings, or unthl their report shall he laid before Her Mfajesty. ColonelDoherty, of the 13th Light Dragoons, was then celled and excamined. Lord Lncan.-Do you not recollect my visiting the camp of the 13th Light Dragoons on the afternoon of the 6th of Febrnary?-I recollect your visiting the lines, but I don't recollect the exact day. It was somewhere about rhat time. Lord Lucan,-In your evidence before the Crimean Commissioners you are represented to have said that the huLttiug of your horses was not completed before the 22d of February. Do you still adhere to that statement, or have you not reason to suppose that in that date you may have been incorrect ?-I certainly may have been incorrect, but at this nioment I do not recollect, nor could I just nowv find out. I spoke chiefly from what my acting quartermaster said. Lord Lucan.-Do you not recollect that some days previous to my recall, on the 13th of February, the daily reports I recouired from youlr brigade as to the progress made in each regiment ini he stabling of horses wvere discontin ued in consequence of the hutting having been completed9?-I rememnber those returns, but don't know the date at whicl they were discontinued. General PEEL.-YoU state in your evidence that you "made no personal application to be allowved to send the troop horses for forage" because you had " learned from other commanding officers that they had been refused permission to do so." Do you know why such permission was refused 9-I cannot say. General PEEL.-Or by whom it was refused?-I presume by the Brigadier, but I cannot say positively. The witness then retired, and Colonel Tulloch's namenwas called, but the gallant officer appeared to have quitted the court. The DEPuTY-JuDGE-ADvoCATE(adlreMsing Lord Lucan). I am directed to inforn. you that an application has been made to the Court by Colonel Tulloch to know whether, in the-event of his-thinking it necessaq to appear before the Board in order to maintain the integrity of the report of the commissioners, he would have a right to call for a crossexamination of witnesses. The answer I have been directed to give is that, being one of the Commissioners, he would have that riglht. Lord Lucan.-Of course, in that case I should have an opportunity of rebutting his evidence. But the further the inquiry extends, the more agreeable it will be to me. If it be the intention of the Board to examine me-and I hope they do intend-could there be a more convenient opportunity than the present ? I should suppose that my evidence will be most essential in meeting that hlich you have heard from Colonel Griffiths. The DEPuTY-JuDGi:-ADvoc.&TE.-I am directed to ask you the followingquestion. Lord William Paulet states, in a letter to the Earl of Cardigan, dated November IS, 1851, that lie submitted his (Lord Cardigan's) letter and those of the five commanding officers to Lord Lucan, "who has them now in his possesbion, and I think does not intend forwarding themis for Lord Raglan's consideration." Did your Lordship receive those letters, and, if so, what measures were tak n in consequence ?-I have the letters here, and I will place them before the Board. (Letters produced, and returned to Lord Lucan.y Those letters purport to have been written on the 16th of November, and were received byme on the 17th. I immediately sent an order to the commanding officers and to the Brigadier of the Light Cavalry that they were on the next day to assemble at their own camp, where I was-to meet them. On the next day, thelSth, Lattended at the camp. The Earl of Cardigan did not appear. To the best of my recollection there was some reason giveu; I think, that he was not well; but at allevents he did notappear. The five commandingofficers were allpresent. I went through their letters, and said, " Now, gentlemen, Ihave considered well what ought to be done with those letters. Theyappearto me, everyone of them, to refer to the men's necessaries." You will see, when they are laid before you, hoxv wonderfuUy theyagree. One officer may expresshimielf a little more concisely thananother, but in every instance tho purport of the letters is the same. I said, " It strikes me that the object of these letters is to represent to Lord Raglan that you are short of necessaries, and that at this moment you are suffering very much from that cause. You are well aNare, I suppose, that so long ago as the 8th I called on Lord Raglan to inform him thae the whole of the cavalry were suffering much from want of necessaries, and you are perhaps aware that it is already settled, with the concurrence of Lord Raglan, that a troop sergeant-major from each regiment, in charge of the quartermaster of the Grays, should be sent to Constantinople to bring the whole of your regimental stores that are available at Constantinople, and to purchase what else is required. You know that an order was instantly given on the subject. and that its execution has been delayed in consequence of Captain Christie not being able to find transport for those men." Here is the divisional order to which I referred:- " Camp near Sebastopol, Nov. 9, 1854. The Lieutenant-General is most anxious that every man of the Cavalry division shall, at the earliest moment, have his valise and his entire kit; and he is much surprised that commmanding officers of regiments have not availed themselves of the opportunity of landing the baggage left on board the different ships. Ie desires that a return may be sent in to the Adjutant-General, stating on board what shps or where their kits are. 'The Lieutenant-General proposes sending a regimental quartermaster, to he accompamied by a troop sergeant-major of each regiment in the division, to Constantinople, to-morrow if possible, with the object of givnlg to commanding officers an opotnto bringing from their stores, at Scutari, so much as they may reequire for their present tse; and also to provide themselves with those nccessaries which will conduce to the comfort of the men, as also to render them nmore creditable in their appearance. An immediate inspection of necessaries should be held, to ascertain what is deficient; and his Lordship hopes that there will be no further want of oil, blacking, pipeclay, chrome, buttons, soap, and horse and other brushes. The men's gloves and gauntlets must also be completed. "W. W 'AULET, Colonel, Assistant-Adjutant-GeneraL" It was notified that the serjeant-majors on the 17th would take their passage on board the Medway; the hour of her sailing was fixed, and the commanding officers inviled to a)vail themselves of the opportunity to provide everything requisite for the comfort of the men. This vas the day previous to my meeting these officers; and therefore I told them that 1 thought everything was already done which they could possibly desire in respect to their necessaries; and that there was nothing much else in their letters, except it was with regard to the kits of the men. I thought that there had not been that activity displayed by the officers with regard to the recovery of the valises which njight have been displayed; but I think they said the fault was not theirs, but that there was a difficulty in finding loats to communicate with the ships. I said at the same time that I thought it my duty never to, mention to Lord Raglan anything of this sort unlless I thought it would concu ce to Eome good result, anid that I thou ght it would do no Xood to bring the subjectof the kits before his lordship. General FEEL.-Do you agree with Colonel Griffiths that dgging a small trench in the rear of the cavalry horses would have affordedthein any relief ?-I am in hones that if anytrench would have had this effect such a coimmanding cflicer wouild not bave neglected the duty of havi4mg it du General PEEL.-Was there any description of covering, }:owever trifing, which could have been made iise of for iheihelter of the horses before you went into the valley?- - None whatever. I don't hesitate to say that you might as well have attempted to construct stabling in the middle of the ocean ashave attempted to construct it ttpen the plateau at that momcnt, The Boad will, of course, XCyollet that none of the timber had arrived until after we were removeI to Xadikoi. Aftera-brief pause, The DEPUTY-JUDGE-ADVOCATE addressing Lord Lucan, said he was directed by the Board to inform him that Colonel Tulloch raight desire to put Bome questions to him, and, as that officer rrould not he repared to do so to-day, it aized for his Lordship to decide whether he would completebhis statement at onceor reserve it until he had heard 'what vqestions Colonel Tullocli desired to ask. Lord Luean thought it wvould be mnosti convenient both for the Board and for himself to defer his final statement until he had heard what Colonel Tulloch might have to say. General PFE-You said, Lord Lucan, that no descrip tion of shelter could be constructed for the horses. Does that remark apply to canvass-covered stables? Lord Lucan.-I gave that answer generally, and said that there, was nothing on that plateau offering materials for hutting. I bave heard in the course of the da ta a shelter might have been formed under canvass, but I did not know that canvass wras to be had, nd this Isay defying all contradiction, that upon that plateau it vould not have been eafe to have placed horses under canvass. On the 14th of November, as everybody knows, there was not a sin-le tent which was not blown down, and no one but a madman would have thought of placing horses under canvass there. * The Board having no further questions to put, the noble Earl retirea, and The Court adjourned at a quarter past 3 o'clock until tomorrow (this day).
THE MOON'S ROTATIQO.r We select the following out of a vast number of letters whiclihave reached us in reply to Mr. Jelinger Symons " TO THE: EDITOR. OF THEE TIMES. Sir,-It is a novel thing to find an inspector of schools arguing in favour of an exploded fallacy, aud allowing the public, in their turn, to inspect the results of his own imperfect education. " There can be no question but that 31r. Iind and the astronomers are in the right. U If Mr. Symons will regard his ingenious apdaratus from a little distance, he wil observe every portion of the surface of the ball during each revolution of the bar, and will ssee that the ball, by virtue of its connexion with the revolving bar, does really and truly perform a rotation upon its own axis& "UIpon this Mfr. Symons will retire into a distant part of the country and betake himself vigorously to the study of appied mechanics. " I am, Sir, your obeaieut servant. *' 1: T.L GOOuDEH V-S. " TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. "Sir,-31r. J. Symons labours under a difficulty arising from utterly confused notions concerning rotary motion. I should be wasting your valuable space were I thoroughly toinvestigate a completeremedyfor aninfirmityso ordinary and uninteresting. I will, therefore, simply propose the following practical remedy,:-Let your correspondent walk round a circular table, with his face always turned towards itscentre, andbyobsevrvingthatthe objects whichoriginally appeared on his right will appear on the completion of onehalf of his perambulation to be on his left, he will probably be able to convince himself that he has been turning round a vertical axis " Beforo dismissing your patient, I beg to advise him not to form any 'ingenious theories' about the form of the moon before going through a medicinal course of elementary geometry, otherwise those theories might astonish the world as much as the letter to which I am raelvisn° "A WRANGLER. astonished *' 5, Great Cumberland-street." "TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. "Sir,-I have just read, in your impression of this morning, a letterhelded ' The.hoon has no rotary motion,' which, suffered to pass without a reply, may have some tendency if to shake public confidence in the teachings of soience, or at all events in the accuracy of miodern writers. It is for the sake of showing that this accuracy has been called in questiont through a misconception on the part of your correspondent that I trouble you with these remarks. To proceed at once to the subject of his letter, it may be weU to state distinctly that 'the works to which he refers are quite correct in stating that the moon rotates about its own axis in the same time as it revolves about the earth. At the same time your correspondent's illustratioin of the motion of the moon is quite correct; its motion with reference to the earth being very nearly the samo as that of a ball fixed on the tire of a wheel revolving abbut its axis wiith reference to another ball placed at the centre of the wheel; his mistake Ees in supposing that this is not a motion of rotation. To make this clear, suppose that a mariner's compass is fixed on the edge of a wheel which is placed in a horizontal position, and made to revolve about its axis. In this case the needle of the compass will alwavs point in the same direction,-viz. towards the north-and the index-card that is fixed to it will be earried round by the motion of the wheel, without any rotation about its own axis. But this is a very different motion from that of the moon; and, in fact, if the moon moved round the earth in a manner similar ta that just described, all the parts of its surface would be in succession visible from the latter. " In conclusion, I may be allowed to remark that your corresoondent would have done well to reflect that it requires some considerable degree of mathematical Inowledge to see througlh and decide upon questions such as the one he has raised; that it was more likely he should himself be in error than that all the astronoinical writers with whom he was acquainted should agree in making a false statement of so serious a nature as hie suggests; ahd that he might with greater propriety have submitted his doubts td soimie qualified person privately before casting in so publie a manner an imputation on the. accuracy of w riters of acknowledged ability. "H oping you will consider the importance of the subject. an amoloevv-fr intrudine so far nnon vour snace. S. - - - "I am, Sir, your-obedient servant, - 51J1. C. "TO TH-E EDITOR OF THE T1ThES. "Sir,-In reply to 2&r. Jelinger Symons, whose letter appears in yonr paper of this morning, I would suggest the study of the moon's path round the sun. He will tben see that our satellite must rotate on its axis in order to present, as it does, the same face to the earth at all times. " When a system revolves round a common centre every put of the sy<temappears to an external observer to rovulve 2f.K. " Professor of IK'atural Philosophy in King's College, King's ollege, AprIondon. *' :KineSs College, April S." " TO THE EDITOR OF THCE TIMES. Sir,-Agentleman,whoseservicesasinspectorof schools Her Majesty has had the good fortaune to secure, having expeiienced, no doubt, considerable difficulty in conveying an accurate conception of the moon's rotarymotion to unlearned audiences, has had recburse to the ingenious expedient of publishing in your cohumus an unqualified denial of that. cientific fact, that he may be thereby. enabled to give the proofs upon w hich it is based a more irresistible aspect. Great merit is due to the originality of this method of instruction, hut it is just possible that your more superficial readers have not fathomed the deer, purposes of -his letter, and that thus a result the exat reverse of the writer's intention may have been produced in their minds. You will therefore, perhaps, kindly grant a little additional apace to the complete enunciation of the conclusions to be drawn from the statements of Mr. Symnms. He says that the moon ' performs precisely the same motion in relation to the earth that a point on the tire of a wheel does to the box or axle, or that the round end of the minute hand of a watch does to the pivot in the centre.' And further, that 'it is easyto construct a smaU instrument similar to this by fLxing a ball on one end of a strip of wood to represent the earth, and fastened by apivot serving as its axis, and on the other end a smaller ball, also fastened by a pivot. If the strip of wood be turned round on its pivot at the end representing the earth, the small bal. will exactly represent the moon, and will present the same face (through the whole of its revolution) to the large "Now,this is all perfectly true, and proves that the moon's motion isjust the same as if she were rigidly connected with the earth, and the latter were supposed to revolve oa her axis once in a month; whence, of course, it follows that if the earth revolved on her axis once in a month, the moon must do so likewise; in reference, that is, to fixed space, and not to the supposed rod joining the earth and moon. "Precisely the same relative phenomena would result, if (with the rigid connexion before supposed), the moon's anis were fixed in space, and the mooh were to revolve round that axisoncein amonth,carryingthe earth withher. The object of the concluding paragraph of the letter. in which we are informed that 'the error is not only prevalent aud unaccountable, but it interferes with some very interesting and ingenious theories, based on the oblate surface of the moon on this side, and her convexity on the other, which are occasioned by the fact that she is centrifugal withoat rotation,' is not sufficiently obvious to justify me in trespassing further upon your valuable space with any comments thereupon, "I am, Sir. your obedient servant. U(;A i." " Oxford and Cambridge liniversity Club, PaU-mall, April S." "TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMNES. "Sir,-A Mr. Jelinger Symons inquires in a lettef printed to-day in The Times, ' the grounds upon -which almost all school astronomy books assert that the moon: rotates ori her axis.' It is a question which any inteUigent nathematical tutor can explain to his pupil ;- and wvere -it not that the gentleman who shows his want of comprehension of the subject signs himself 'H er Majesty's Inspector of Schools,' and thaS, therefore, his understandig subjects taug,ht in school books is a matter of some importance, it wvould be improper to discuss the subject in !Chc Tim7es, " A body is said to have no rotary motion w>hen any line drawFn in it continually points in the same direction in space. If the moon had no rotation, a line drawvn from her centre to any point on her surface wrould continually paint tow.ards the samne place in the heavens, i. c., tow ards the same fixed star. A body is said to have a rotary motion about an axis, wvhen any line drawvn through that axis and at right angles to it gradually turns round, so as to poinlt successively to aDi points oE the heavens lying in a great circle. This is the case w;ith the mnoon. A line mnay be conceived to he drawzn from her centre to any point in her equator, and to be directed towvards some fixed star. In a shoalt ine the same line will no longer point to the same fixed star, and in about 13 days 1G hours wrill point in exactly the opposite direction. This showvsthat the line has revolved, through half a circumference. In 27 days, 7 hours, and 43 minutes it will have made acomplete revolution, and will point to the same fixed star as at first. To a person in thle part of the moon from wvhich the earth is visible the earth will alwvays appear in the saume direction, bet the fixed stars wVill appear to revolve round the moononcein 27days, 7 honrs,43 mrnutes, as they do to llS here in a little less than 24 hours. The sum will aPpear to a parson in the moon to revolve in about twvo days longer than the time wvhich the stars appear to taLe in revolving-i.e., in about 29ll days, just as thle sun appears to us to revolve in about four minutes longer than the time applarently occup)ied by the stars in a complete revolution. 4& Tnnn nnrnlA9nnsorvo "I CAMBRIDGE wRANGLR. "ApUiS. " round its own separate axis once during the revolution of the whole system. Hence the neoessityof casing thehan-le -of-a-windlass-with a loose cylinder of wood, to avoid friction in the hand. Although the mooDn does not appear to rotate when viewed from the earth, it has an absolute rotary motion in reference to the sun. And, uice vermi, if it always presented the same side to the sun there would be apparent rotation to a terrestrial observer. 2Mr. Symons night have drawn these inferences from his own experiments, but it shoald always be rememnbered that it is exceedinglv difficult to give any practical ilutration of the moon's Teal orbit. The common diagramns eihibiting a su^ccession of circular or pear-shaped loops are simply absurd, for the path of the moon, lRik that of the earth, isalvys concave tothe sun,andthe motionir never retrograde. " I am, Sir, youIr obedient servant. " .T R. #R AWRT^R *Ue-Whampsted School, Apri l." "TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDIME. "Sir,-I neverklewthefullmeaningof thisph-ase-'thie schoolmaster abroad'-until this mornig, when I foun I it exemplified in the letter of Her MfajesWs Inspecto: of Schools, printed in your paper of to-day, in which the writer undertakes to prove that 'the moon has no rotation.' "The term ' abroad' is sometimes applied to one who is rather wide of the mark, in consequence of not seeing his way very clearly. "2ow, I begto inform Her Majestgsluspector of Schools that I live in the moon, and that, as I walk round the earth in order to keep my weather eye open so as continualy to have the inspector in view, T am obliged to perform a rotation on my axis once a month. I tried the other Plan long ago, by always keeping my face to the nortb as I made my rounds; but then 1 turned in succession my face, my left side, my backl, and my zight side to the earth. ' I soon, however, got a "round robin" from the earth (in which I did not observe the inspector's name), reques-ing me to go upon the old plan; so I gave up the exoerimeat. "Now, as I am afraid that the inspector will send me a petition on his own hook to try it again, I will beg him first to borrow from his little boy a cup and ball, and, marking the latter at four opposite points with the letters N, S, E, and W, to carry it, suspended by its string, round the flame of a candle. He wil find that if N is kept always to the north, the ball consequently remaining withont afial motion, the light will fall in succession on W, S, and E, until it reachesNaain - but that, if he wishes N to be always illuminated, he must turn it continually towards the flame, and that in so doing he will cause an axial rotation of the ball upon its string at each revolution which it parforms round the candle. "Irzemain, Sir, withnmachrespect, I Your old acnnxint-n.er THRE AN IN THE HO MON. Idi I"The N!oon, April S."
UiYIVEBS2T INTELLIGENCE. OXFORD. APRIL S. The Vice-Chancellor has given notice that a Con"regation -wi31 be holden on Saturday nest, the 12th inst., at 2 o'clock, for the election of a Professor, and also of a Member of Con*vocation of not less than five years' standing. to be members of the Hebdomadal Council; the voting for whom will commence at 2 and will terminate at 3 o'clock. Mr. Randolph, Fellow of Merton College, is announced as a candidate for the non-professor seat. The Boden Professor of Sanscrit (Mr. H. :. Wfison) will commence his lectures at the Clarendon on Monday, the 21st inst., at 2 o'clock. A course of lectures on the Natural Sy-tem of Classifying Plants, illustrated by adescription of some of the more imeportant families, will he delivered at the Lecture-room contiguoulsto the B,otanicGarden, commencing on Tuesday, the lath inst., at 2 o'clock. These lectures being given by the !dagdslen College Pradector of Xatural Philosophny will be open gratuitously to all members of the Unilversity. The catechetical lectures 'willhbecontinued every Thurs. day, at 11 am., during this and the succeedig term, and may be attended without payment by all imdergradnate meinbers of the University after previous application to the Professor. The Prnelector will be at home on Wednesy, the 9th inst., from 12 to 1, to receive the names of those gentlemen who propose to attend, and to explain the character of the lectures to be given. In a Convocation to be held on Thursday next, April 10, at 2 o'clock, three forms of statute accepted by Congregatioa towards the end of last term, and chiefly of a for.nal character, will be submitted to the House.
ST. MVARGARE'S CHUBCHYARD. TO T EDIMOR l0 TEE TfIEES. Sir,-My attention having been called by the letters of "Resurgam" and "the Senior Churchwarden" to the state of St. Afargaret's Churchyard, I beg leave, as an entire stranger, to state what I saw last evening. On approaching the churchyard I observed in the street some men engaged in loading a cart with what appeared to be rabbish, while others -were fetching more of it from the churchyard in barrows, and which they informed me was being taken to the yard of Christ Church, Broadawy. I looked at the heap of dark gravelly soil, and observed among it a great many pieces of human 'eones, which I was much surprised at seeing after "Senior Churchwarden's" statement. On entering the yard itself I was still more surprised, as well as disgusted, at seeing no less than seven children busily engaged in picking up, not "grubbing," the bones which were scattered in a most indecent manner about the yard, and putting them into their pinafores, evidently to cany them off to the den of some marine store dealer, so that "Resurgamus"allusion to "an asparagus bed" is, I fear, no fanciful exaggeration. I immediately called the attention of one of the workmen to these proceedings, and he made them drop their booty, which amounted to nearly a, peck of human bones, consisting of pieces of sknlls, ribs, vertebrce, two thighbones, and a great number of smaller bones; tnese he at once buried, and in so doing removed a great many more, though he did not dig deeper than 18 inches. This man assured me that it was one person's work tokeep the "young devils" from taling away the bones. If, therefore, " the Senior Churchwarden" would pay an occasional visit to the yard, instead of writing to I7%e TZscs about what he appears at present ignorant of, he might see, and perhaps learn, a great deal of what is going on there, and by the aid of the " policeman on duty" prevent the recurrence of such a disgraceful eibhbition as met the eye of, Sir, your obedient servant, C. F. T. Y., A STRANGER. 'Bromipton. AprilS. P.S. I enclose my card.
MiaoTs TR: Pnom CATiFoRoNr.iL-Yeserday a portion of a magniHicent tree of almost fabulous dim ensions, jast brought to this couitry from C3lifornia by .r. t. L., Trask, an A merican, was exhibitied at a rivate view in the Pbiiharmoniic-rooms, lNewman-street, Oxford-streer. This monarch of the forest is 116 feet in height, with a circunferenceat the base of 93 feet, and a diameter of us varls of 30 feet. It was one of a grove of S9 suzh. forini a sylvan family on the slopes of the Sierra Neva5a, in1 Ca' i- fornia, in a sheltered valley about 5,0O) feet above t-.e sca. They are described by eye-witnesses as -eaeraU, standing in groups of two or three together, o? a height varying from 250 to 320 feat, and a diameter fro-n 15 to 30 feet, and occupying a spa-e one qaartcr of a mile squiare. So murch of the tree ia qae,tlon r.s could stand within the building waV, echib.rel in the Crystal Palace at New York, where it excited cminsidcraile interest. The part brought from Califoraia consi-t; no; of the stem of the tree, but of the bark or rind, waich W.1s stripbed off itin lengths of eight feet, and capab'e of b:ing joined together again at pleasure, so a; ex.ctly t9 reprre .ent the exterior of thetrec as it grew. The tranu:, thlus denuded, still stands in its native forest, and a spiral -;nir has since been thrown aroundit sons to made it au ob;&rvat:y to viiitors. An inn has also been eztTblished Eo the *rcommod3tion of t-avellels in the wnod, which has 'e:o e a plae of resort to pleasu,re-seekers ia a par) or the cvaatry thijly populated, and distant aboaut 20 ,n:ies f..-u the nearest gold-diggingstation. A part of the tree .abl:nl 1i fe-t high,is all thattis now shown in Newmsn-s;.re :.3 ther l:ei g, of course, no building in the metropolis of saffilient al;iti ce to admnit it in its entirety; bat that part is so dis sooeel s to give the spectator an exact idea of tVv circnmfe-enmcs of the tree and Its general exterior, though in other resoBits it is necessarily seen to great disaivantsgc. When'ie s stated that the interior of the portion exhioitei, tho;i1h nc t the larpest part in diameter, is so capaciocas as to a;la r o. a quadwhile being conveniently danced in it, and that the bark is in some places 16 inches thicl;, some conception in iv be form;ed of its extraordinary dimensions. Amon, the vi itors yesterday vere Mr. Sowerby, the secretary, anI S-. St1.rneck, the curator ofthe Royal Botanic Soctety. The w.fd cf the tree isaslight and buoyant as cork, andh3; the c d:.nr cf cedar, but without its odour. Great variety of vlini n prevails among the most eminent batanists as to the g-;nns to which it is to be assigned. A careful ex:aniination of its concentric rings has led to the belief that it is at least 3,00X years oldc; and it has bhen faceti,.ns:y said that it was probably a sapling before th.c fire, stone of the Pyramids was laid, and was contemporary- wit Moses and the Prophets. For the present it is not the intention of Mr. Trask to exhibit it in public. His imine-liate object isto have itexamined by eminent botari,ts and o- iers in this country, with a view to elicit an expressfon of their opinion in respect of it. IRIsi Cosivicas.-The total niumber of conv'ct% in the convict prisons of Ireland on'ths 1,t of Janzare, 1856, amounted to 3,018, and the number in ho.pital to 234. The punishments inficted and imposed are next s,eified: these include close confinement for one mon-h (the cgaxisaum), reduction of diet, and flagellation, to the ex tent of 50 lashes. There is no solitary confinement in the Irish dungeons, and the period of cloe confinement never eCceeds a month. Prisoners undergoing this n1unishmtent receive a rug and blanket in winter, and a rug in scnm ner. THE IMrrTURY ASD CIn OL PoWFP..-it aup!as from a return moved for by Mr.- Drnmmond, M P., t;hat ih 1855 three applications were made by *.he civil Povser for military assistance-from Liverpool, Wolve'-vanrtoa_ .-Ind Birntingham-and that the assistahne of peninwers 'rae afforded. In 1854 there were five such a,plc.t.nt;ox ian 1853, 3; inl859, 3; in 1851, 4; and in 1^35, 3. In tho revolationary year, 1848, the nutber was 2L LIM GR-im A-ND LEBERATED ATRIcA?s.-The ntmbier of immnigrants andfreed Africans iut odac-Od isnt the Westludian colonies from 1847 to 1856 wv_c as ,'U LLs. viz. --Into Jamaica, 5;195: Trinidad. 9 001; Ga .:, 25;258; St. Luima,1,119; St.'lincent, 835; Gr naL, 1 2; St. Xitt's, 232; Antigua, 924; and Tob.igo, 292 rae- g xa grand total of 44,076, of whom 3.340 were intvr .iazd io. 1855. The number introduced into the Ma7;ti-us r-cm 18tBto 1856 was 82,188, including ,00 in 18M
From t LONJDON GAZETTE of Tuesday, April S. LORD CIAM!ERELANIS-OFFICE. MAii 13. Notice is hereby given that Her Majesty will hold a Drawing-room at St. James's Palace on Tlhuriday, the 10th of April, at 2 o'clock. At the Court at Buckingham Palace, the 4th day of April, 1856, Present the Queen's Mlost Excellent Majesty in Council. Ihis day the Right Hon. Sir Lawrrence P eel. Knight, was, by Her Majesty's command, sworn of Her Majesty's Most VHon. Privy Council, and took his place at the Board accord- ter Majesty having been pleased to appoint the Right Hon. William flenty, Lord leigh, to be Lord-Lieutenant and Custos Rotnlorum of the county of Warvick, his Lordship this da.y took the coaths appointed to be taken thereupon, insteaid of the oaths of allegiance and supremacy. BUCKINGHASAT PALACE, ArRIL 4. This day had audience of Her Majesty,- The Count de CoLoredo, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary from the Emperor of Austria, to deliv-er his letter of recall; and George Miffin Dallas, Esq., Envoy Extraordinary and 3inister Plenipotentiary from the United States of America, to deliver his credentials: To which they wvere respectively introduced by Viscount Palmerston, G.C.B., officiating for the Earl of Clarendon, KG., Her MFajesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and conducted by Colonel Bagot, Her Majesty's Assistant 39aster of the Ceremonies. FOREIGN-OFMICE, hMALCH 10. The Queen has been graciously pleased to appoint George Fa an, Esq., now paid Attache to Her Majesty's legation at Naples, to be Secretary to Her MLajesty's Legation at Buenos Ayres. 3SL&xcsr 26i. The Queen has been graciously pleased to appoint George Frederick Herman, now Her Majesty's Consul at Tripoli, to be Her Majesty's Consul-General at Tripoli. Aartu 7. The Queen has been pleased to approve of D, Guiseppe Anfora, Duke of Licignano, as Vice-Consul at Malta, for His Majesty the King of the Two Sicilies. WHITEHAI, ARIL 7. The Queen has been pleased to present the Rev. Robert S. Horme to the church and parish of Slasmanan, otherwise St. Lawrence, in the presbytery of Linlithgow and shire of Stirling, vacant by the death of the Rev. Alexander Davidson, late minister thereof. The Queen has also been pleased to present the Rev. Charles Maclean to the church at Ullapool, in the parish of Loch Broom, in the presbytery of Lochlcarron and shire of Ross, vacant by the death of the Rev. Alexander Ross, late minister thereof. BOARD OF TRADE, WIITEHALL, APRIL 7. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Chbrgc d'Affaires at Mexico, enclosing a copy of a decree of the Mexican Government throwing open to foreign commerce the ports of Soatzacoalcos and La Ventosa, both in the territory of Tehuantepec. THE COMMON LAW0 PROCEDURE ACT. By orders in Council, dated April 4th inst., Her Mfaiesty has been pleased to direct that from and after one nmonth from the publication of the said order in the London Ga:cUte the provisions of the Common Lawv Procedure Act, 1S54 (except as to the provisions therein excepted), shall extend to the Court of Record of Salford, in the county of Laucaster: and furthermore, the provisions of the Summary Precedure on Bills of Exchange' Act, 1855 (except as in the said order excepted), shall he extended to the said Court. THE "POLL AT ELECTIONS." By an order in Council, dated April 4th inst., Her Majesty has been pleased to direct that the tonvn of Ventnor shall be a polling-place for the Isle of Wight. COUIN'TY COURTS. By an order in Council, dated April 4th inst., IHer Majesty has been pleased to direct that from and after the 31st of May next certain alterations shall be made as to the holding of County Courts in the parishes therein specified and in the districts therein set out in the county of Glamorgan; and that County Courts shall from and after the said date be held in manner and form and at the places therein mentioned. CORO2NERS FOR NORFOLK. By an order in Council, dated April 4th inst., Her Ma. jesty has been pleased to direct that the county of Norfolk shall be divided into two districts,-viz., the Lynn district and the Norwich district; and the tow-n of Kin-'s Lynn and the Shire-house at Norwich Castle shaU be the respective places for holding courts for the election of coroners, and that a writ shall be issued for the election of an additional coroner for the said county. BURIAL OF TEE DEAD. By an order in Council dated April the 4th inst. Her Majesty has beenpleased to direct that burials shall be discontinued from and after the 15th of April inst. in the vaults beneath St. Stephen's Church, Westminster, in the parish of St. John the Evangelist, Westminster, with the exception that the bodies of Miss Burdett Coutts and Mrs. Brown (the¾widow of Mr. Brown, who is already buried in the said vault) may be interred in the said vault on the following conditions--izx., that free external ventilation be provided; that the bodies buried be embedded in a layer of powdered charcoal, six inches at least in thickness, and be separately entombed in brick work well cemented; and that no other vault be made in the said church ; and that from and after the said 15th of April inst. burialsshall be discontinued in the Swedish Church, St. George's, East, and from and after the 1st of June next in the burialground thereunto attached. And by other orders in Council, dated the 4th of Appril inst., it is directed that, except as therein excepted, and subject to the modifications therein set out, il burials shall be discontinued from and after the dates therein specified in the various churches and churchyards therein mentioned. And by other orders in Council, dated the 5th of Aprii inst., the time of closing the churchyards, &c., and discontinuing burials therein, in the said last mentioned orders set forth, is postponed to the respective dates therein also set forth; and bv other orders in Council, dated April the 5th inst., Her Majesty has been pleased to give notice of certain representations made by the Right Hon. Sir G. Grey, Bart., one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in conformity wvith the act 16th and 17th Victoria, to the incumbents and churchwardens of the parishes in the said representations mentioned, for securing the (discontinuance of biuials in the said churches and churchyards, and to order the same representations to be taken into consideration on the 17th of Say next. And by other orders in Council, dated the 5th of April inst., lHer Majestyhas been pleased to direct that the representations from the various places therein specified in the petitions for powers to provide requisite places of burial in the said places be vested in the said petitioners. COMMISSIONS Signell by the LOnnD-LsXu-nZ.xrNT of the County of WVORCJin. Wercestcrshire Regiment of Ililitia.-Ensign xevile Snith to be Lieut., vice Daubeny, appointed to the 69th Foot. By the LOsR-LIEnTENv? of the County of Essay. West 3Lee .lIitia.-Ensign Richard Seymour Lemon to be ieu'., vice Barnes, removed to the tine. By the Lorn-LssrIsRsNAT of the County of DrjiRn,ss Duisnnes, Roxburgh, and Seikirkshire reginment of Slilitia.-Lieut. omas Scott (hisholne to be Capt, vice David }}oPe Johustone, ap pointed to the Line; Ensign MaillardNoke to be Licut.,vice Chisholme, p,romoted. By the Lonn-LrEsTENvsvT of the County of CoRNsVA-LL 1st Regiment Royal Cornwalu lan'.ers.-EnsinsaFu t eiiu. vice Archer, promoted o Scobell to be Loeut. BY the LornD-LiEvr.sMT of the Coumty of SALos. Shropehiro Itegiment of Stilitia-Ensign william Beauclere Povell to be lenut.. vice Thursby Pelham, resigned. By the Loxm-Ls-rxyE7ANT of the County of CAITmN-ss. Rose, Caithuess, Sutherland, end Cromarty Regiment of iMilitia.- Henry Jardie Street to be Lieut., vice Francis Jeffrey Sinclair, resigmAd; Hlenlry Diprom Mamne BriciMull to be Ensign. By the LoR:D-sIECxu-VANT andi HiGIs SrnvxwnD of the Stesiartry of Galloway Rifle Regiment of lilitia.-Ensign Erasmus Gower to be Lient., vice Blair, promoted to the 5th lteginsent. By the LornD-Ln:eIsnc.LN-T of the County of MmnDDaSX. Sth, or Royal Elthorne Light Infantry Regiment of Mliddlesex 11ilitia.-Robert Augustus Bingham Jenimgs, gent., to be Ensign, vice Hlason, re7grned. By the LorL -p-ni,x-i of the County of SoUTraAM'ro-. Hmpahirhe Mi'litia Artillery,-ueeil Thomas BeetLing, gent, to b Second Lieut., vice Reynolds, promoted. g be By the LorD-Lrr-TrsNr-rT of the County of Sussrx. Iaht Infantry Battalion of the Royal Sussex litia.-Ensign Buhar rton to be Lieot., vice 5Cirk. appointde to bhe 77th Yoot - George Sheprardl Harvey, gent, to be Ensign, viee Burton, promoted, By 11Em ML,rJsSTr's Coorissilossars of Lieutenancy for the County ofLeunc 2d RoyalILanark-shire StliEtia-Ensigl John Forbes to be Lieut. vice Sprot, resigned; EDsign John Edward Thompson to be Lieut. v-ice George Pollock, resigned, By the LoRo-LrsuvsniAsT of the Colunty of srsyFoRD. 2d Regiment of Ring's O-(n Staffordshirc Militia-Cooper Hayes Crawford, gent., to be Assist.-Surg., vice whyte, promoted to be Squrgeon.. [The following appointment is substituted for that which appeared in the " Gazette" or Friday, the 14th of Starch last :-] By the Lonnl-rsamuTMyNT of the County of SzAsaTor.D 2d Regiment of King's Own Staffordshire .1Iiltia.-AssLqst,Surg. Nicholas Conlethus Why te to be Surg., vice Lomnax, resigned. This " Gazette" contains notices that the folowing places have been duly registered for th - solemnization of marriages therein:Cheeec-lane Chapel, Wellingborough, Northamptonshire. Sin Chapel, Liantarnam, Mlonmouthshire. PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED, Taylor and Rankin, Bridgewater, wine merchauts.-R ankin and Taylor, Bristol. wine merchants.-J. Kershawv and Co., Dukinlield, Cheshire, cottomspinaers: as far as regards J. leashaw.-C. Kershaw and Sons, Saddleworth, Yorkshire, cottonspinners.-2Nt. A. Crawford nnd a and S. ery,. Peckbamn schoolmitresses; as far as repgrds 'lit ACrawford.-Eieckman, Kidd, and Co.. Lewes and elsewnere, merchants.-Mlackay, Robinson, and Co., Liverpool, shipgwrights,Cooley Bate and Farmer, Wolvorhiampton, factors.-G. Smith and Eons, Alanchester silk rnnufacturera-G3askill and Taylor, Manchester, cotton-waste acalers.-nfarold and Thomson, Liverpool, insurance agents.-J. Wilkinson, J. Robinson. aad J. Scott, Halifax, stone mercshnts.-J. Taylor and J. Bedron, Manchester auctioneers.-Emson and Baker, Su(ibury, ironmoDgero.Lraine and ?Ii. Borough-market, ,ldesnmen-tW. Clark and A. WA. laknsEon, New Palace-yard, WVestrminster, civil engineers-Toward and Boyd, Low Walker, near Newcastle-upon-Tyne, iron phipbuilders.-W. and N. CoUard, Canterbury, orn factors.-Harrop and Law, Batiley Carr, Yorkshire, plumbersnhimps andt Sons, Abchurch-lane, attorneys ; as far as regards G. Mf, ?lhlllps.-J. Adshead andBrothers Staleybridge, Cheshire, cottonspinners.-H- and a. Taylor. Oxford, postmasters-J. Taylor and A. S. Hurford, Castle street. Holborn, and Oxford, attorneys.-W. Buck and ao, Salford, maehunemakes.-(Campin and Co., Strand.-J. Hale and :E. rastland, Lmnberhturt, Renat, drapers,-aurice, Oungar. and Co., BRasinchallstreet and London-wvan commission agents.-T. and J, Orme,Malanchestem, ebinetmaker£-nueson and Co., North Shields surgeon dentist,.iYildinmi and *'lark, Wolverhamopton, oil manufacnsrcr-.. B. Wrighlt sod Co., 31archester, yarn agents.-J. Mfontefir an Me, Ilbourne, merchants,-3pCerael, Brothers, Crosobroolt .Derbyshire, and Muanchester, manufacturers DECLARATIONS OF DlVIflEXDS. Beanie, Johnson, and Pdainkin, Liverpool, shiptuniders-second div. ef Is. 4dL, anyMonday, at Mr Blat's, LiverpooL W. Iowe, Birmingh am, boot usi fnui-acturer-,first div. of 2sa.3d, any Thursdiay, at3ir. Christie's. Birniubgosm. W. Hancoc4, Tslk.o-.thtHil' StaffordsEhire, builder-fir d. c1 Is. t'd., any Thursday, at Mlr. Chiristie',, Birm4ain,,B BANKRUPTCIES ANNULLED. Malcolm Ronald Laing Meason, Winchester-buildings, merchant. Henry Brisband, Birmingham, button manufacturer. Edwin and Johm Frost Roodgers, Wa7saUl, grocera. BANKRUT. Wlli am Filley, Al dermanbury Postern, tailor, to surrender April 17, at 12 o'clock. May 19, at 2, at the Bankruptes' Court solicitors, Meee F1raley and Luscombe, Cannon-street; officLal assignee, Mr.Bell, Coemn-treet-builidm6s. JohnBretz. Trinity-square, Tower-hill,licensedvictualler, April 17, at half-past 1 o'clock, May 22, at 1. at the Bankrupts' Court: solictor- Mr. Ivaans. Grays-inn-square; offlcia alsrgnee, .dr. Bell, Colemanman.street-buildlngs. Wlliam Gasconle, Hitchin, butcher. Apiil 71, at half-pae t i o'2ocr fay 20. at 12, at the Bank rupts' Court: solicitors, Mfessrs Masor ankSturtc. Gresha am-street socitoal as.ignee Mr. Graham. John Thomas and George bfetcalfe, Bow-lanecdity, and Farnham, caitrass merchants. April 21, at 2 o'dlrK,ck,May20, ael. atthe Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, hr. Stubbs, foorgate-street; official aMsignee, 3ir. Stanafeid, Thomas Ryder, Old Broad-treet, mern-hnnt, April 22, at half-past 2 o'clock, Mlay20, ateL at tho Bankruptas Court: solicitor Mr. Tibbitta Fildcourt, Gray's-inn; otlicial assignee, Wodt Edwards, Sainrookcourt, BasiaghapsU treet. Thomas Walker Blott, lain of Statnford, innkeeper, April 22, Maya 20, at half-past 10 oclack, at the Birmiugham District Court of Bankruptcy. Nottingham: solictors hr. Law, Slansford; Messrs. Hodgeon and alen. Birmingham; offacial assignee, Mr. Daris Nottingham. George Byford, Liverpool, slatn dealer, April 21, May14, ae U o'clock at the Liverpool District Court of Bankruptcy: soliitors. Mesers. Nea and 3iartSn. 1iverpoolr- offlal assi.nee, a.v Morgan diverpool. Thomas Gore, Mfanchester, machSe maker, April d8, Mey 21, at 12 o'docr, At the 3anchester DKitrict Court of Bankruptcyt : soliitor, 31essrs. Slaterand Myers, Manchester; offlcial assi6nec, hfr. Fr-.ser, 3ianchester. DIVThilD2DS April 29, W. and GT.Reade, Ho bera- N.bers, London-bridge, provision merchants.-Aprii 29, T. Tyler, Wood-street, Cheapsidec ware housimae.-Apry :9 . c Hardison,pLondan, commiesion agent.-- April 30. J. C. end T. L,ucas, Adersgato-strcee, wholesale sdrng6gh-Aprat 29, F. dl. Fawee-t, iHsle-street, Veicester-squaret hiolesale boot mnanufacturer-Apr 29, H. Dallimore, Newport, Hampshire, grocer.-APrl l 29, . Mfooney, PleasantGrow, Holloway roset and Crooley-street, Hroxton New-tev-n, tea dealer.-April 29, -E. Hf. Baily, NRewman-street, Oxford-street, and Crset Cadenroad-villas, euluptor.-April 29. Mf. Davids, Mddlte-row.-, .olborn, millincr. -h7pril 30. S. Barnes, Oldbory, WYorcestershire. draper.-Aprl 29, ,J. irkham, Blackburn, cotton manufacturer. -AprTI IA S. tbakant d tWhalley, Lancashire, e ottonenoneraMfay15, 1Y. Aorgsu. T. Efolroyd. and J7. N. Franklyn, Briatrel. shirbuiders.-31ay S, J. Driscoll, Cardiff, potato merchant.-3fay 8, B. -. K>night, Bath, china dcaler.-3ay 8, J. Harrop, West-bury. Wltshire, woollen manutacturer.-MNa.y 8, T. Slade, Stoke-sub-Hamdon, Sonierseishiregloveomanudacturer.-iayg8, G Gidley. Tore sharebroker.-Mfay 8,R.B. l ugford. Torousy, tailor.-1%y8 T. W. Knight, Taunton, grocer.-313y 8, J. P. Veyse;, Exeter, batter.- Mlay 3, B. W. Bowiring, Sydling st. Nicholas, Dorsetshire, miller.- 3fayS, BIt A. Passmore, Exeter, umbreLla manufacturer.-MLay 8, F. Drake, Wul3and, DevonshireJ inukceper.-April 0, N. and T. Andrews, Gateshead, ironmongers.-Isay 2, T. Adanison ant H,. H. Bell. Sunderland. c7uriers--April 30, T. H. Hodson, Peckforton, near Beeston, Cheshire, cattle dealer. CE RTIFIOAI2E to be granted unless cause be shown to the contrary on the day of meeting. April29. WV. WitTh and F. WY. K;ing, Long-scre, card makers.-April 29, T. 3. Nicks, Ito of Coleman-street, ropo makcer.-April 30. It.Turner} ILudgato-hiUi and Birmingham, elraper.-April 30, L. Pothecary and WV. S7ymes, uNutohalling, Hampshi;re, boardinghouse-keepers.- April 30, It Hooker, Sydenham, contr3ctor.-3ray 3, H. and W. Coop, Cheequerbent, Lancashire, silk manufacturers.-31ay 1, H. Andrew, Tpldesley. Lancashire, shopkeepDer.-April 29, W,. Oates, Ashton-underLine, innkeeper. SCOTCHI SEQUESTRATIONS. J. Barmatyne, Glasgow, shirt manufacturer, April 17, at 1 o'clock, at the Globe Hotel, Glasgow.' WY. Thomson, Glasgowv, factor, April 18, at 12 o'clock, at the Crowf hotel, Glasgowv. W. Boyd, Glasgow, commission agent, April 18, at 1 o'clock, at the Craw hotel, Glasgow.
I NAVAL MlEDALS FOR THE BUMESE WAR. (From the London Gazette of Tuesday, April S.) Department of the Accountant-General of the Navy, Admiralty, Somerset-house, April 7. The Hon. East India Company having granted a medal to the officers, seamen, and marines' who were engaged in the Burmese war between the 10th of January, 1852, and the 30th of June, 1853, on board Her Majesty's ships unm dermentioned-viz.:- Her Mlajesty's ship Bittern, Her MLajesty's ship Contest, Her Majesty's ship Cleopatra, Her Majesty's ship Fox, Her Majesty's ship Hastings, Her Majesty's ship Her-mes, Her Majesty's ship Rattler Her Majesty's ship Salnmander, Her Majesty's ship Spartan, Her Majesty's ship Phomeix, Her Majesty's ship Winchester, Notice is hereby given that all claimants to such medal, notwvithstanding any previous application, should apply personally, or by letter, with the words "Burmese Medal" on the outside, to the Accountant-General of the Navy, Admiralty, Somerset-house. Every applicant must state his rank or rating and the name of his ship or ships on board which he served; also, in the case of every petty-officer, seaman, or marine, it is indispensable that his application should be accompanied by a certificate of service, except in the case of his being on board one of Her Majesty's ships, and the application be made through his commanding-officer, in which case the certificate will not be required. Where there are several claimants on board the same ship it would be desirable that they should make their applications in one letter through their commanding officer, by a list alphabetically arranged under the ships in which they vere serving at the time, and affording the information as above required. NIo other claims should be mixed up with the application for the medal in question.
PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE. IIOUSE OF LORDS, TUESDAY, A:ii. 8. The LoRD CHAINCELLOR took his seat on the woolsack at 5 o'lock. Lord RAVENSWORTH presented petitions from the rector and vestry of Sunderland, the parihioners and clerg of the parish of Ryton, the rector and inhabitants of the parish of Boldon, the rector and inhabitants of Whitburn, and the canons and clergy of the city of Durham, against the abolition of church-rates without an equivalent. The Duke of RICHIMOND presented a petition to a sinailar effect from the archdeaconry of Chichester. The Bishop of EXETER oresented several petitions from various places in his diocess against the abolition of churchrates, and the bill for legalizing marriage with a deceased wife's sister. Lord SHTATESBURYpresented a petition from a meeting held in the Guildhall,Poole, praying that a bill might be passed to prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquors as beverages. Lord CAMPBELL presented a petition from the Free Presbytery of Glasgow against the bill for legalizing marriage with the sisterior niece of a deceased wife. STEAM NAVIGATIONh The Earl of HARDWICKE, in presenting apetitionfrom the Sovernor, deputy-governor, and court of proprietors of the van Diemen's Land Company praying for the establishment of a monthly mail service by steamvessels between this country and the Australian colonies, took the opportunity of addressing to the House some observations upon the subject of steam navigation. There was assembled at the present moment at Spithead a large force of steam vessels of every description, from the largest three-deck-ers to the smallest gunboat. He understood that there was to ba a review of this force in a few days, and,without saying that 6f all sights he had ever seen a naval review was the most useless and the most expensive, for Her Majesty's Government might have some object in .this review which it would not become him at present to comment upon, he could not help pressing upon the Government the great expediency of taking advantage of the present opportunity, which might never occur again, of making e.xperiments as to the advantages of various models of vessels with regard to speed, as to the form and construction of msarine engines, and other points of the greatest importance with regard to steam navigation. It would be of greatbenefitif there could boa classification of steam-engines, just as masts, sails, and other ships' stores were classified. During the late war, if a piston-rod happened to break when at sea the greatest difficulty was experienced in fitting a new one, because there was no classification of size. It would also be very desirable to try whether the floating batteries were what they pretended to be, and whether the gunboats were really fit to go to sea vith the guns they carried. He had great dou%ts on the subject. His impression was that, with their present steam power, they would be unable to force their way through a head sea, and if greater steam power wereput into them there would be greatdanger of theirfoundering. He had great doubts, too, whether the iron plates with which they were covered were strong enough to resist shot. His idea was that a 321b. shot would go through them. Her Majesty's Government ought certainly not to let slip the present opportunity of determining these points by actual experiment. CHANCERY REFORML The LORD CHANLCELLOR said that, before preceeding to the orders of the day, he wisshed to set himself right on a subject which had been mentioned in their lordships' house on the last night of their meeting before the Easter reces-. The noble marquis (of Lansdowne), not now present, had that night informed them that Lady Truro had presented the colection of the late Lord Truro to the library of their lordships' house, and his noble and learned friend, who was also absent (Lord Lyndhurst), had pronounced c well deserved panegyric on Lord Truro, to which he tthe Lord Chancelor) had added a few words which e thought were called for from him., because it had always appeared to him that fuU justice had not been done to Lord Truro in the matter of Chancery reform. Soon after taking his seat on the woolsack Lord Truro issued a commission on the subject, the report of which led to the reforms afterwards carried out by means of two bills introduced in that house, and one, which had reference to matters of finance, introduced inthe other House of Parliament.Undoubtedly, thetwo billsintroducedinto theirlordships' house, by wlhich was effected the main paat of the reform, were introduced and carried through by his noble and learned friend near him (Lord St. Leonard's) with all his characteristic energy; but he had been under the impression-and had very likely so stated the other evening-that instructions were given by Lord Truro before he left office for the reparation of those bills. He understood that he had misrepresented the part which had been taken by his noble and learned friend near him (Lord St. Leonard's) in that matter, and that he had given to Lord Truro the credit which was due to his successor. He certainly had no intention of depriving his noble friend of the credit of having introduced these bills, and lie thought he had ascribed their introduction to him on the evening in question, although he had stated that they were bd on the report of the commission issued by Lord Truro. AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS. On the motion for the third reading of this bill, The Duke of RICHMOND said that, though he did not go the length of saying that it was useless to endeavour to obtain agricultural statistics, yet he contended that it was premature to bring in an act of Parliament to compel the return of themn. Ihe farrmers of one part of the kinsr dom had sent in retarns voluntarily, and the proper course would have been to wait a few years to allow the farmers of the rest of the country to see that no injury was suffered in consequence, and then to introduce a sneasure on the subject. It might be, too, that they were buying these retulmns too dear, and he contended that it would have been far better to spend the 25,0001. which, it was calculated, would be spent in carrying this measure into effect, in improving the manner of taking the corn averages, which at present were most delusive and of no service whatever. He objected, too, to imposing on the Poor Law Board functions so entirelydifferent fromthose for which it was created. In consequence of that arrangement the Poor Law system would not have that fair play which it ought to receive. He was, however, decidedly of opinion that the bill would not have that bad effect which many supposed. He should not oppose the third reading, though, for the reasons he had stated, he felt bound to protest against the measure, and especialy on account of the outrageous penalties it imposed. Lord WODEHOUSE believed that the apprehensions which had been entertained in some quarters in respect to the present measure were perfectly groundless. In his own neighbourhood, when he'had explained to the agriculturists that the object of the bill was only to eollect for general use such faCts as were notorious in each district, the objections previously felt to the measure were removed. There was no doubt that the returns to be made under the bill would be very valuable both for the country and Parliament. The Earl of MAL1MESBURY said that one point in connexion with this subject which had created apprehension was the power given to the Board of Trade to call for returns, and he wished to know how far this power would extend, whether it would be confined to the amount of produce, or whether the amount of rent paid might be also included in the schedules ? Lord STANLEY of ALDERLEY replied that the power which the Board of Trade would have would be to increase or diminish the number of schedules in reference to the different crops and animals. He was glad to find that the noble duke did not intend to oppose the further progress of the bill, and he believed that it would be found on experience that the farmers had no indisposition to give the required information. The noble duke had said that the Government would have done better to direct their efforts to improve the corn averages. Since the committee of last year their attention had been directed to the corn averages, which had been very imperfect, and directions had been given that the returs should be made with greateraccuracy. That step had been followed v-ith suecess,andthe returns were more numerous and extensive during the present year than formerly. The attention of the Government was stiU directed to the same object; but, though it was possible to get returns of al corn sold in market towns, it was not possible to obtain returns of the quantity clanging hands in private. The returns afforded a fair and accurate test of the price of corn, though they did not include all the quantity sold. The subject of agricultural statistics was fully considered by their lordships' committee in last session, and the evidence proved that anything like a universal return was not to be expected without the enactment of a compulsory power, but no apprehension need be entertained that the power would be exercised vexatiously. In an analogous case--the collection of the census-a compulsory power was given, but in no single instance had it en necessary to exercise that power; and in the present case he believed it would be hardly necessary- to have recourse to the compulsory power. With regard to the penalties, it was the wish of the farmers that the magistrates should have a discretionary power to impose them,in order that they might be sure that information would be obtained from their neighbours as well as from themselves. It gave him great pleasure to find that noble lords on both sides of the House were impressed with the importance of this subject; and he had no doubt that the farmers would readily furnish as accurate data with regard to the nature and produce of their crops as the agricalturists of Scotland had done. In conclusion he would remind their lordships of the importance of theco-operation of the gentlemen of England in the work of ohtaining the information they required. The Dake of RICHMOND said that if this bill became law he should of course advise the farmers to obey it, and he had no doubt they would do so to the best of their ability; but he thought that the money to be expended in cndeavouring to carry it out would be entirely thrown away. Lord ABINGER had not heard any statement of the benefit which was to be derived from the information sought to be obtained by means of this bill. The farmers did not wish for it, and, although they miight obtain returns of the number of acres planted in a particular man- ner, he could not understand how they could get information as to the produce of those acres. The bill was then read a third time and passed. INDIAN FI XNACE. The Marquis or CLANRICARDE, in calling the attention of the House to the subject of Indian finance, said, he did not intend to enter into a detailed exposition of the character and amount of the taxation of our Indian empire but only to remind their lordships that it was high time for Parliament to consider that subject. Agreeing with Sir . Peel in the opinion that Indian credit was, in fact, English credit, and Indian debt English debt, he had been much surpnsed to find, upon referring for information to the dian financial accounts laid before Parliament every Tear in pursuance of the act of 1834, that on no occasion ad it been thought necessary to print and deliver those accounts. It was also a remarkable fact that this subject was not entered into by the committee of 1852-3, and he would therefore trouble their lordships with a few figures showing the progressive state of the income and cs- penditure of India, both positively and relatively. In 1834 the general revenue of India amounted to 18,016,918L. He 'would not quote its increase during successivo years but in 1851-2 it appeared, before a committee of the other House, thattlie incomehadincreaaedto2s,536,634L.,being anincrease of 7,519,7161. He offered no opinion upon the question 'whether the increase of revenue indicated the increasedprosperity of the country; but of this increase 4,860,4791. was fromoldresources, and 2,311,2371. from new territories. In those 17 years the increase of debt was 12,912,6071. The total debt on the 1st of May, 1834, was 38,986,7201. ; on the 1st of May, 1S51, the total debt was 51,899,3271. The increase of the income being 7,500,000!., and the increase in the debt being 13,000,D00O., there was nothing very alarming in that state of things unless their lordaships should think that the debt had been increased by unprofitableexpenditure. Itappoarod, hovwever, that 5,000,0001. of the 1:3,000,0001. of incresed debt ha4 been laid out in public works. During 17 years there had only been a surplus in five years; in 12 years there had been a deffciency. He was a member of the Government which selected and sent to India Lord Dalhousie as GovernorGeneral. That noble marquis was selected entirely because, under all the circumstances, he was considered the best man that could be sent; and his conduct had fully justified the selection. Under such a Governor-General the finances of the country would not have gone on in an unsatisfactory state unless there was something in the systemof Indian government which was beyond the control of the Governor-General, and it therefore behoved Parliamenttoexamineverynarrowlyinte-this subject. In 1848-9 the excess of expenditure over revenue was no less than 1,473,1151. In that year the expenditure was increased by the operations in. the Punjab. In 1849-0 there was a surplus of revenue over expenditure of 354,8371. ; in 1850-i, a surplus of 415,S661.; in 1852-3, a surplus of 424,2571. ; in 1853-4 there was a deficit of 2,044,1171. ; in 1854-5, a deficit exceeding 2, 500,OOOL The defieit in the years above quoted was 6,066,44., and the surplus 1,725,7251, leaving a balance of debt of 4,334,727!. He wras afraid that the account of the revenue and expenditure of the year ending this month would also show ia deficit. If the revenue and expenditure were so badly managed under such an Admitra; and if, at the endof six years, the deficit had been increased by upwards of 4,000,000!., the state of Indian finance demanded the grave connideraton of Parliament. The total charge in 1S54-5 was 22,915,1601. The total income in 1854-5 was only 20,371,4501., being a diminution since 1851 of 5,165,1841. There was, therefore, nothing satisfactory in the aspect of Indian finance at the present moment. But, as our terrtory had been much increased lately by annexation, it might be expected that the newr territory would be productive of a large increase of revenue. He would not gro into the general question of annexation, hut he had -endeavoured to extract from the papers before the House the value of the different territories annexed of late years. It appearedthat the more territory wve acquired in India the less revenue we received, and that we were out of pocket by the annexation of the five provinces-Nagpore, Burmah, Scinde, Sattara, and the Punjab-146,9361. This was asubject which demanded inquiry to ascertain whether the expenditure could be brought within the revenue, or the revenue raised so as to give a fair surplus over the expenditure. In the Madras Presidency, Lord Harris proposed to reduce the land-tax one-third. That tax yielded 3,033,000'., and the loss would be about 1,011,0001. Therefore, the revenue which had fallen from 25,000,000L in 1851 to 20,000,0001. in 1854 was still further to be reduced by the amount of more than a million. It was impossible to suppose that Lord Harris would propose the diminution of the land-tax if he did not consider the ryotwarry system, under which it was collected, most detrimental to the country, and he believed that to be the case. But no Governor or Government could tenter upon a course of material improvement, unless the financial condition of the country was in a tolerably sound state. It was said that the Government of India must make railways, that they must advance money to constrmct canals for the purpose of irrigation, and that they must promote other improvements; but they could not expect the Government to do those works unless the expenditure was reduced within the income of the country. He was sure no Indian Government could of itself make the changes which he believed'were necessary to effect these objects. Not only must it be done by the authority of the home Government, but by the direction of the Ministry, and under the pressure of Parliament. Any Governor-General who attempted to make large reductions of establishments would become so unpopular that he would lose all power in India. The home Government must coerce the Indian Government into that course of action which, upon deliberation, was considered most desirable. He had stated generally the facts which justified his directna their lordships' attention to this subject, and he hoped the Government would be able to produce the specific accounts ofthetotal disbursements of the Indian Government for military expenditure, distinguishing payments made on account of Her Majesty's European troops serving ia India from those made for the Indian army-specifying as far as possible the military charges incurred in the lower provinces of Bengal, in the North-Western Provinces, in IthePunjab, in Scinde, in Pegue, and in the ter-itorie3 of MIadras andBombay Presidencies. The noble marquis concluded by moving-" That the account of the territorial revenues and disbusements of the East India Company lately presented to this House, in pursuance of the act 3d and 4th of William 1V., be printed for the use of their lordships' House." The Duke of ARGYIL said, the Government had no objection to the production of the paper moved for by his noble friend, but it-would be difficult to estimate the exact proportion of the military charges which belonged to each of these provinces. It would be easy to give the military charges for the different presidencies and for the NorthWestern Provinces, and if a more detailed return could be made it should be prepared. Probably, with that assurance the noble marquis would be satisfied. (Hear.) As far as he could gather from the speech of the noble marquis, his object in moving for these papers had reference to the general question of annexation, but he would guard the House against the inference that becauselarge military expenditure was incurred in particular frontier provinces for the protection of the whole empire the whole of that expenditure was to be carried against the income of those provinces, and the result taken as conclusive with respect to the general question of annexation. (Hear.) He did not anticipate from the terms of his motion that his noble friend would have gone into a general statement of the financial condition of India, and into that statement he declined to follow him. Whatever might be said as to the financial position of India, it could not, he thought, be very unsound, because at the present moment the Indian Government could, on its own credit, borrow almost any amount of money at the rate of not more than 45 per cent. The excess of expenditure over income during recent years had, to a great extent, arisen from the carrying on of extensive public works. Some of these works might not be immediately productive, but they were matters of the first importance, without attention to which we could not hope for the progress, either moral or economical, of India. Lord MONTET AGLE urged upon those who were charged with the government of India the importance of affording to the Legislature regular and detailed information as to the affairs of that empire, in order that Parliament and the country might'not-as they were !at present-be dependent upon the result of desultory motions moved by noble lords or by members of the other House for a knowvledge of the condition and prospects of India. The periodical renewal of the East India Company's charter had the very useful result of presenting an occasion for the discussionof Indian affairs, for which the Government and other persons interested in the management of our Indian empire, were forced to prepare themselves. He hoped that the Government would not be carried away by the idea that everything must be right in India because of the rate of interest at which the Indian Government could borrow money. They might rely upon it that the Indian Government would not have been able to borrow money at so lowarate if capitalists in India were not perfectly aware that there was a distinctly implied moral guarantee on the part of this country. He hoped the Government would use every effort in their power to furnish Parliament with correct information as to the financial conditionof India. His object was to get such zeturns annually made as should enable Parliament to see how far its intentions had been carried into effect by the local Government of India. The Duke lof ARGYLL said, the Government were disposed to give every information which any noble lord might call for. The President of the Board of Control had recently made arrangements for the production of more complete returns than any which had yet been laid before Parhlament, and made upon a better system than that which had been recommended by their lordships' committee. He had also added to the library of the House of Commons a very large number of detailed reports from various local commissioners, which were too voluminous to be presented in the shape of Parliamentary papers. The Earl of ELLENBOROUGH doubted whether the Government of India was able to raise money at 41 per cent. The Four per Cents. were now at 16 per cent, discount, which was lower than they had been at any time since immediately after the news of the great disaster at Cabul. When he went to India he found them at 16 per cent. discount, but he left them at par, and he left the revenue greater by 1,000,000!. a-year than it was when he went, after paying all the interest of the money he borrowed. No doubt there had been appearances of greater prosperity since, although the prosperity of the country during the time he was there was very E reat, for the e.xports and imports increased 22 per cent. in two years. He was glad that their lordshnps' attention had been caUed to this subject, for the finances of India must always be a matter of great anxiety. He did not, however, share in the apprehensions entertained by the noble marquis in consequence of the fall in the revenue in one particular year, for the revenue of India must naturaUy always vary muclL When he wasin India, although he had gone through all the sources of revenue and had calculated themas carefuUyas possiblewith thevaluableassistance of the gentleman who was then at the head of the finances of India, and had looked forward with equal care and minuteness to the future expenditure, he had never been able to see daylight, and neyer could say certainly whether there would be a surplus of revenue over expenditure. Since then there had been various annexations of territory. It haa been said at first that the Punjab would be a valuable acquisition,buthebelieved experience had modified that expectation. It had alnvays been his opinion that the last great increase of territory which had proved of benefit to the revenue was that made by Lord Clive when he annexed Bengal. That was an annexation of a rich country which required very few troops to retain it, while the others were annexations of poor countries which required very large ni7it;ary eabl ments. He would except Scinde, however, which might be caled a beneficial acquisition-not that the direct revenue derived from it was sufficient to cover the expenses of the military establishment and the civil government, but because the possession of it enabled us to realize our opium revenue, and to put a stop to the smuggling of opium from the central provinces, wwhich had materially interfered and competed with our opium trade with China. He believed the finances of India were at the present moment in an extremely difficult position, but he entertained the greatest hopes of their improvement from the able and honest exertions of the noble lord who had recently gone out to undertake the govemment of that country. lle belEeved that that noble lord went out with the best possible intentions. He was an able mn;m he would listen to those who would give him information, and he would know how to make use of that information. From the personal intercourse he had had with the noble lord before his departure, he believed that no man ever went to India with a more earnest desire to make his government generally beneficial to the people of India and creditable to this country. The Earl of HA1R:ROWBY observed that the developmaent of the internal resources of India by means of pubhc works afforded the pros;ecb of a great improvement in the r nancial condition of the oountry. The Earl of BlUMNIOROfUGH noticed a circumstance which prevented the Indian Government rasing money at a low rate of interest for their own purposes. A guarantee of 5 per cent, interest was given for all sams advanced for making railroads in India; and, that being the case, no one, of course, would buy the Four per Cents, at par, when, with an equally good security, o per cent, could be obtained by advancing money for the railroadse. The motion was then agreed to, and 'he House adjourned at a few minutes past 7 o'clockl
HOUSE OF COMMONS, Tu=sA, A-xm 8. The SPEAxER took the chair at 4 o'clock r. LOWVE presented a petition from the merchants and traders of Liverpool in favorer of limitd liability with certain-restrictions; also cetitions from Eamouthl Sidmouth, and another place, agiinst the misappropriation of local dues on shippmng for municipal purposes. Petitions in favour of the Bleachers' Bill were presented by the Soucrron-GENER (3). from numerors opratives; by Mr. Wiss, from Newlandsfield, Auldhouse, urrhQ,d Pollokshaws, and Dovecothall-all in the county of Renfrew; by Mr. BLAcK (), from the Kirk Session of Auldfield Chapel, the sugeons, the magistrates, the members and elders of the parish church of Eastwood, and the inhabitants of the parish of .Eastwood, Pollockshaws ;by MIr. SPOOBB5l(4), from the workpeople of Mr. Thomas Bury silk dyer, and of Mr. Robert Heywood, Salford, from the teachers and schoLars and the workpeople of Messrs. H. Roberts, of Tottington, near Bury; and by Mr. KInK (9) from thc operative bleachers at CollooBauville, Kilroot, Bandford, Milltown, Donacloney, Glenalina, Springfield, and Margaret Wylde against the biiL Petitions in favour of a more equitable adjustment of the income-tax were presented by M mNr. M T7z, from several places;* by Mr. W. L0CEBT, from the parochial board of Tanark, and from the heritors of Cadder, Culter, Dolphingo^n, and Shotts, praying tbat th poerty-tax; under section Amaybe levied as in Jngland and Ireland; byMfr. W. 3. FAox, from the 01dham Tradesmone's Association;- and by Mr. MmnGs, from Cireuceater. Petitions against any scheme for compulsory or State education were presented by Lorr. DdHoTA, from a conAregation of Protestant Dissenters assembling at York place chapel, Swansea; by Mr. CMoossDxy, from the Independent Chapel, beied, and from Protestant rissenters, Qaeen's Head, Yorkshire; and by Mr. E. BT from inhabitants of Landhe2ch. Petitions against the Oath of Abjuration BiUL were presented by Lord Hcomp, from Hull; by Mr. EnWAD, from the inaisters, elders, and deacons of the Free Middle Cherch of Perth; b Mr. MondY, from Hardirgton and Pendomer D by Mr. Fonr, from Bridgewater- and by Mr. PIGOrTT, from Reading, Berkshire. Petitions wnere presented by Sir W. CL y, from John Stephens, against compuLlsory vaccination;* by Mr. 2EwART, from the inhabitants of Dnmfries, against the present system of billeting in Scotland- by hrat. ModY, from several parishes, against the abolition of churbrates ; by Mr. Km'xUB. from the Convener's Court of Perth, and of Tailors' Incorporation of Perth, in favour of the Perth Borough and Harbour Bill; and from James Murray, loyal Asyoun for Lunatics, near Perth, against the samebi; by Mr. W. J. Fox, from the congregation in Lord-street, tadntam, for the repeal of the oat g of abjuration; by Lord HaT1ai, fronal graduates in medicine of British universities residing in Hull, for alterations in the lMedical Reform Bill; and by the same noble lord from guardians of lRowden Poor Law Union, for alteration of Counties and Boroughs Police Bill; by Mr. Km'xIRD, from the inhabitants of Kin"swood, against the opening of the British MuLseum and m\Tational GaUleries on Sunday; by MIr. LockrART, from Lanark. praying for the suppression of unlicensedbrokers; bytheSomcrron_-Gmsa'n_, from several inhabitants of Aylesbury, against the Medict I Reform Bill; by Admiral JoYEs, from operatives in the drying and finishing works Upperlands, county of Derry; and from "Lappers," in the same works, against the Bleaching Bill - by MIr. Gowxn, from the local boards of Health of Burslenm and Tunstall, Staffordshire, in favour of the Police Bill; by Mr. KInK, from the congregation of E5ratRay, and from the presbytery of Down,n for ex;tending the Scotch act to Ireland;* and from the lNewry and Banbridge Unions, for paying the extra officers of the workhouses in Ireland in the same way they are paid in England; by Mr. PIGOTv, from Reading, for the repeal of the grant to Maynooth - by Mrr Alderman Crrs, from Baptists and others of Andover, in favour of the abolition of church-rates; by Mr. G. LA&GToz, from the clergy and laity of the deaneryofCrewkerne, Somersetshire, complaining of the inequality and injustice of the present mode af assessing rent-charge; by Mr. BA,NKEs, from medical Practitioners in Wimborne, Wareham, Shaftesbury, Crewkerne, Cerne Abbas, Yeovil, and other places, in favour of the Medical Regulation Bill; by Sir J. FRacussox, from the Free presbytery of Ayr, presbytery of Ayr, householders, &c., of Troon, and managers and employers of the port of Troon, against unli6ensed brokers; also one from the presbytery of Ayr, against the Mayneoth grant;* andby Lord JEusi, from Bnry St. Edmund's, in favour of the lMedical Profession Bill;* and, from the same place, against national education. CHURCH-RATES BILL. In reply to Lord R. CEciL, Sir W. CLAY said, it was his intention to accede to the changes which the Government proposed to make in the Church-rates BilL BLEACHWORKS BTrIL. In reply to MVr. M. Gissox, Mr. L BUTT said, it wouldb enecessary'to make many material alterations, of which due notice should be given, in the Bleachworks Bill. PU\ISHMEN,T BY DEATH. Mr. E WART gave notice of his intention to submit on an early day a motion for the abolition of punishment by death. FALL OF KARS. Mr. WHEITSIDE gave notice that he would postpone his motion relating to this subject from Tuesday the 15th inst. to Thursday the 24th. VOTE BY BALLOT. Mr. LANGTON, in the absence of his hon. colleague (Mr. H. Berkeley), gave notice that the latter would bring on a motion on the ballot on the 24th inst. EXPERIMENTS AT SHOBBURYNESS. Captain L. VERNON asked the Clerk of the Ordnance whether the trial at Shoeburyness between Mr. Hohroyd's 12-pounder wrought-iron gun of a particular metal and a 12-pounder brass gun of the service had proved favourable as to the comparative endurance and tenacity of the metal composing the wrought-iron gun ? Mr. MONSELL stated that the experiments in question had undoubtedly proved the very remarkable tenacity of the metal of which Mr. Holroyd's gnn was composed. The experiments were still in progress. WILLS AND ADMINISTRATION9S BILL. Mh HADFIELD asked the Solicitor-General what course he intended to take in proceeding with the Wills and Administration Bills, inasmuch as the order for the second reading on Friday next stood so low in the list as to render the chance of its being brought on hopeless on that day? The SOLICITOR-GENERAL was afraid there was little prospect of the bill being read a second time on Friday, but his noble friend at the head of the Government had promised him the first open day after the estimates were disposed of, on which to bring this subject forward. Sir F. KELLY asked whether the Government would not postpone the second reading of this bill until the House had the promised measure on Matrimonial Causes at the same time before it? The SOLICITOR-GENTERAL said, it was the intention of the Lord-Chancellor in another place to explain and move the second reading of the Divorce Bill and the Church Discipline Bill onthe 15th inst. This would put the House in possession of some of the details of these measures before it wvas called on to discuss the princiDle of the Wills and Administrations Bill. NEWGATE AND LEADENHALL MARKETS. In reply to a question from Mr. BRADY, Mr. MASSEY said, that an inquiry was now proceeding, under the authority of a Treasury minute, into the most expedient mode of dealing with these metropolitan meatmarlkets; and also into the best mode of appropriating the site of the late cattle-market at Smithfield. A report on the subject would, he anticipated, be soon ready to be laid on the table. MEDALS, &c., FOR THE ARMY IN' THE EAST. Major SIBTHORP asked the Under-Secretary for War, whether it was ever contemplated by the Governments of France or Turkey to give a medal to the officers and soldiers .of the British army im the East - and, if so, whether such medal had been declined by the British Government; alo, whether the new medal, the Order of Merit, was likely to ba issued; wvho were to be the recipients thereof; whether it was to be given for future serices only, or to be accorded to those officers and soldiers already mentioned in the various despatches since the conunencement of the late Mr. PEEL said, that Her Majesty's Government had the greatest satisfaction in accepting the offer made by the Emperor of the French to confer the war medal of France on the English army which had served in the Crimea. The medals had been transwmitted to this country, and directions had since been given for their distribution to the troo He understoodathat the Sultan of Turkey also intended to bestow a medal on the British army in the East; but no official communication to that effect had yet reached our Government. With regard to the newOrder of Merit, any acts of gallantry performed since the commencement of the war would be sufficient to qualifv any person to receive this decoration. He was yet unable; however, to state whenthe ,eliminsry arrangements for the first distnbation would oecompleted. Major SIBTHORP then asked whether a claim made for the effects and medal due to private No. 2,514, John Mar. tin, late of the 95thIRegiment, who was enpged at Alma, and, it was believed, also at InLermann, who died in camp before Sebastopol on the th of November, 1854, had been refused on the ground that the soldier was of illenitimate birth; and, whether the money and Crimean meda.[ due to private No. 3,310, James Blanchard, late of the lstbattalion Rifle Bngae, who landed with the British army in the Crimea in September, lS5, a:nd was killed in the trenches before Sebastopol on the 22fd of A&ugust, 1855, had been re I fused on similargrounds? |r3. PEEL replied that both the claims to which the hon. and gallant member referred appeared to have been disillowed upon the ground lhe had mentioned. The umsal practice, however, was, when a mother made a claim for the effects of an illegitimate son, to allow such claim provided she wa able to produce a certiicate showing that she was Ithe mother of the person deceased. j Sir A. AGNEW assked tho Lord-Advocate whether, ir any measure he might bring in regarding the registration of voters, he was prepared to introdue aa clause to put an end to the uncertainty (arising fromn the opposing judgments oE sheriffs) as to the rnght of Dissenting imnisters to be placed upon the roll in respect of their manses and glebes? The LORD-ADVOCATE was understood to say that the subject would not be dealt with by the bill 'he intended to introduce, but he would consider the propriety of settling the question in some other way. ]NOO0:E AND PROPERTY-TAX Mr. tIUNTZ then rose to move the following resolution - " That, in the opinion of this l[ouse, an equitable adjust. ment of the income and propertv tax is essential to the interests of the country, particularly as regards the rates of payment upon industrial and professional incomes compared vith-those derived from fixed property." The hon. member read a letter which he had just received from the rector of a parish in Ireland, who stated that his gross annual income was 158, out of which he had to pay poor-rates amounting to 451. 5s. 7d., and 101. 1Ss. 9d. for income-tax, so that after paying 621. for life insurance, he had only 401. left for the support of his family. - The writer stated he had submitted his case to the Income-tax Com. missioners in the hope that they would modifytheir demand,' but his appeal had been fruitless. Mr. Mluntz said that many cases occurred both in this country and in Ireland, in which the operation of the income-tax was equally oppressive. He was in favour of a property-tax, but he objected most strongly to an income-tax which was imposed andf collected on the princiles of that now existing, and, in biS opinion, the injustice of such a tasc could never be removed. se was old enough to recollect the effect of the inequality oE theincome-taxleviedinl814. 1815, andl816, buthe supported the proposal of Sir R. Peel to reimpose that tax in 1842, because at that time he saw no other alternative. The revenue was then at a verylow ebb; it was absolutely necessary that taxes should be raised; and the questiox was, whether they should be levied by a temporary income-tax, or by taxesu non general produce ancluponnecessaries of life, whiC2t -wold havepressedwith greatseveritynpon thepoorerclasses. Vhile, however, he supported the temporary mmposition of the income-tax in the emergency which then existed, he denouncedits inquisitorial nature. In consequence of the support which he gave to the measure he had to encounter the utmost opprobrium. HIe remembered that the Whigs. who opposed the reimposition of the income-tax, abused him in every way because he voted with Sir R. Peel. He must observe that Sir R. Peel stated most solemnly that he only asked for the tax for three years, and ho (Mr. Munts belheved that, had it not ben for that pledge, the tax would not have been granted. He naturally supposed that at the explration of the three years forhwhich the ta was impofed those who had abused him would be glad to get rid of it; but, to his astonishment, nearly every Whio who originally opposed the tas voted for its continuance. o" Hear i" and as laugh.) Thetax,s everybodyinew,ohadbeen continued, and gradual additions had been made to it upeto the present cime. He s opinion was that a tax upon property was on,e of the best that could be levied, because it drew contributions to the revenue from agreat number of people who possessed large amounmts of property, but who, being of a miserly turn, accumulatedtheirmoney and didnot contributetothe exigencies of the State in any other way. There was, however, a vdde difference betwreen a tax ulpon property and a tax upon income, and he thought it most unjust to levy the same rate of taxation upon industrial andprofessionalincomesand up,on real property. (Hear.) It was only fair that those who had property to take care of should pay higher taxation than those who had no property. There was an old saying, that the w;ise conquered difficulties by daring to attack them, while the slothfuland foolish shivered and shrunk at the sight of toil or danger. So it was in the case of this tax. Unjust and unequal as its operation wvas, no attempt had been made to remedy it. Some time ago a committee recommended that some alteration should be made, but nothing had been done. It was not at all an uncommon case for his cor,stituents to apply to him in order to ascer. taim whether they had any remedy for the injustice and op. pression to which they were ex:posed under the present In. come-tax Act. A demand was made upon these persons for a certain amount of income-taa, to the payment of which they objected, en thc ground that the demand exceeded the amount for which they were liable. The oany resource they had was to show their hooks to thc commissioners; but those commissioners, in the mnajorit. of cases, were either opposed to them in trade, or the¢s bankers. Consequently they often declied to produce their books, and n t result wasadenial of justice; fortomae a man reb himself was as gross an act of injustice as could possibly be perpetrated. The next question for considera. tion was, if the tax could net be collected fairly, ought it to he maintained? H e contended that it ought not;* but he believed that it could be collected honestly in England as in other countries. No difiiculty was experienced, for eiample, in the State of New York, where, if a mano objected to his assessment, he had an opportunity of makuing an aflE davit, which was held to he finaL. He sawv no reason why the same system should notbe adopted in England. Another grievance connected with the tax was that certain kids of property did not pay at alL. Furniture, plate, jewelry, and property of that description escaped the tahx; but a poor man, w aho had none of these things, was called upon to pay on what he earned. In short, the rick were allowed to escape a portion of the tax, while the poor were compelled to pay to the utnost farthing of their incomes, and in many cases even more. Vfithin the last three months the drivers on railw.ays had applied t,o be relieved from the tax, showig clearly that, owvng to oething arnd another, they did not make 100l. aiyear, and, therefore, ought to be exempted. The reply they received was, that they wouldnot be xed upon more than 100g , hut that they would have to pay upon that amount. It would appear, indeed, that the question with the income-tax collectors was not what wias right or wrong, but how to get as much as they could out of the people. Snch a system could not be advocated by any man Wiho had a respect for justice. Again,tshe tax pressed with todue severityupon the oa ners of honse property. Take the case of a man denang a gross aunual income of 1001. from, say, three houses His payments were :-Property-tax, 61. 13s. 4d.; ground. rent, 12t. insurance on 6001., 1t. 7s.; repairs, wa., probable loss of rent in case of voids, 21. 10s. -in all 281. 10s. 4d. leavig a net income of 71. 9s. Sd. Yet he w.-as taxed upon a rental of 1001., or at the rate of ls. -lwd. in the 1-. on his net income. In the casedof smanllouse propert the injustice of the tax was still more glarig. Take, uas an example, 13 honses at 3s. per week rental, givin a gross annual inconoe of 1011. Ss. The payments wrere:-Property-tax, Gl. 13s. 4 dg ; ground-rent, 121. ; insurance on 6001., 11. Es.; repairs, 137.; voids and runaways, 101. * poor-rates, 6. 13s. - boroug,h taxes, 61. 13s.-iniall 56'.16s. 4d.; leavnganet income f 45Lls.8d., on which the owner was called upon to pay nt the rate of 2s. 11 ?,d. in the 11. Thus it appeared that while landowners and fjundholders were tauxed at the rate of o per cent., thec owners of middlne and small honse property w-ere compelled to pay at the rate of 10 and 15 per cent. That could not be called just or right. There were other classedfor instance, those who carried on w;hat was termed jobbirn business, whorwere not required-toepay at6all; in short,athe present system of collecting the taneiasmostunjust and op. ressive, and the sooner it was changed the aetter. Toe non. member concluded by moving his resolation. Mr. POLLARD-liRQUHART, in seconding the motiou, said he didnot agree with the hon. member for nirmingham that landowners did not pay their fair proportion of their tax, In the case of land the expenses of management and other necessary charges amounted to a considerable proportion of the rental, and thus the proprietors were taxed to a greater amount than they ought to be. The tax WaD particularhe d poni those landowners whose estates w ere efcumbered, for they bad topay not onlyto the full extint of their incomes, but even unn the sums which went to their creditors. It wonldbe impnossible to exaggerate the severity with which the tsx prcessed upon professional incomes and life annuities, and it was the manifest duty of the Government to capitaEzeaiincomes,yandthusmax-ethetaxwfairadequlitablr. An attemptwhad been made by the Government of Lord Derby in 1852 to modify the system, and ho believed that the real reason why that plan did not give satisfaction was to be attributed to the constraction of the schedules, but hie was quite convinced that it was possible so to modify the present system as to greatly remove its ofujust opertion. If the income-tax was merely a temporary tax;, if it was merely a financial experiment, or even a war taLx, inequalitiesmightbe allowed to exist; hut believing as he did, that in consequence of the system of commercial policy coin mencedin 1842, and which must be carried evenstill further than it had at present extended, the income tax must form a permanent part of the system of taxation, he was satisfied that it was absolutely necessary it should be considerably modified, and he sincerely hoped the Government would consent to the motion of his lion. friend. The CaprCELIOR of the sXCHEQmo Ex -It would be difficult, Sir, for the House to exaggerate the importanco of this motion, although the hon. gentleman has not gone very fully into the subject nor stated either at any length or with great distinctness the grounds upon -which he asks the House to agree to reverse the poliey which the country has adopted with regard to this subject', and yet his motion is of such great importance, that, although it is brought forward in the form of an abstract proposition, it would, if agreed to, pledge the House to undertake the arduous task of the reconstraction of the income-tax. I will now state shortly vhat is the present condition of this tax :-The pretent income-tax is at the rate of Is. 4d. in the pound, which is 6L 13s. 4d. per cent., and by the existing law it is to be continued for one year from the 5th of April succeeding tho ratification of peace. From April, 1858, it will fall to the rate of od. in the pound, aud, aeording to the same law, it will altogether cease in 1860. 'Under these circumstances the lion. gentleman invites the Hiouse to take a course which would render it necessary to enter upon the task of making an alteration in the principles of the existing law, and, in ealing upoa the House to enter upon that arduous undertakidn. hehas abstained from indicating some of the most general prisiciples upon which that reconstruction ought to be carried out. The House wil remember that Dr. Johnson, in his Lives of tiec Poets, referring to a criticism on Dryden, upon his translation of Viyil, at the end of which the critic^places a translation of his own, to show how it ought to be translated, says, at all events, he is entitled to the praise of being the fairest critic. Now I wish I could bestow similar praise upon the hon. gentie. man. I wish that, while he was condemning the principle and details of the income-tax, he had at the same time told uswhatwasthe natureofthetaiwhich he would wishto substitute for it. In a Commiittee of Ways and Means, when we come to consider how we may best provide for the requirements of the year, it will be quite competent for the hon. gentleman to move resolutions on the subject, and if he do so, I hope that the nature of the
COURT CIBCULAR. The Queen and the Prince Consort, accompanied by Prince Aithur and the Princess Helena, visited the Zoological Gardens in the Regent's Park yesterday morning. In attendance were the Hon. Eleanor Stanley, Lord Alfred Psget, and Colonel F. Hr. Seymour. In the afternoon Her Majesty and his Royal Highness, attended by the Equerries in Waiting, visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester at Glocester-house. His Royal Highness Prince Albert honoured MEr. Mnnro with a visit at his studio in Upper Belgrave-place. The Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred, attended by Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps and Mr. Gibbs, visited the establishment of Messrs. De La Rue in Bunhill-row. Her Majesty and Prince Albert, attended by the Duchess of Wellington, the Hon. Eleanor Stanley, the Hon. Lucy Eerr, Lord Do Tably, Lord Alfred Paget, and Colonel F. H. Seymour, honoured the Princesf's Theatre with their presence in the evening. The Privy Council, appointed to be holden yesterday, at Backingham Palace was postponed untilthis day (Wednes- The Duchess of WellingtonhassucceededladyMacdonald as the Lady in Waitinz to the Queen. Lord do Tably and the Hon. MIortimer Sackville West have relieved Lord Dufferin and Colonel the Hon. A. N. Hood in their duties as the Lord and Groom in Waiting to Her Majesty. Her Royal Higlhness the Duchess of Kent, attended by Lady Fanny Howard and Sir George Couper, honoured the Olympic Theatre with her presence last evenng. Lord Panmure and Sir Charles Wood left town yesterday for Portsmouth. A deputation on the subject of the bill brought inby the Attorney and Solicitor General to amend the Metropolitan Local Mana-ement Act hadaninterviewwith SirBenjamin Hall yestertay at the Office of Public Works in Whitehallplace. The deputation consisted of Mr. Joseph George (St. Anne's, Soho); Messrs. George Rose Innes and John Blake (St. Paul's, Covent-garden, and St. Clement Danes); Messrs. Edward Mledley and Joseph Briscoe (St. Luke's, Old-street); Mr. Charles Henry Elt (St. Mary, Islington); Mr. J. Augustus Nicholay (St. Mary-le-Bow); *Mr. Evan Jones (St. Lake's, Chelsea); Mr. Thomas Spiler (St. Andrew, HoL born, and St. Clement Danes); and Messrs. W. MrWhinnie and T. W. Parry (St. Clement Danes). A meeting of the Finance Committee of the Royal Commission for the Exhibition of 1851 was held yesterday at the Privy Council-office. There were present Lord Overstone, the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, MLP., Sir Alexander Spearman, Sir William Cnbitt, Mr. T. F. Gibson, Mr. Coulson, Q.C., and Mr. Edgar Bowring (secretary). Mr. H. P. Williams, financial officer to the committee, was also present. Sir Thomas Fremantle, Chairman of the Customs, had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterday at his official residence in Downing-street. A deputationon the subject of theWestminsterBondholders Petition, consisting of Mr George Ogle, Mr. Richard G. Bosanquet, Mr. lardisty, and Mr. Bearmont, bad an interviewv with Sir Benjamin Hfall yesterda. * Despatches wvere sent from the Colonial-office yesterday to the Governor of the Falldaud Islands. The Judicial Committee of the Privv Council sat yesterday at the Council Chamber. The Lords present were the Lords Justices Knight Bruce and Terner. The Chancellor i of the Duchy of Cornwall, Dr. Lushington, and Sir B. Ryan. The appeal from the Prerogative Court," The East India Company v. The Hon. Mrs. Dyce Sombre," was con. tinued. I CREASX AND D,mI oN OY PUBLIC 0 - The annual return, published yesterday, shows that the total increase in the number of persons employed in public departments in 1855 amounted to 2,000, and the increaue of salaries to 241.64G1., while the concurrent decrease was six persons, and 75,5641. as regards salaries. The largest increase oqcurred in the Post-office and the varioA war departments of thg Govemmert,
[E !IAJ3ESTY's THEATRE.:-It is respectfully announced that her Mtjwe2eg Theatre will R-OPE early in }4tgemnentso0f eat intereathayebeerxetSectedbotainOpaia ,and Ballet, and the beat exertions usJed to mke the anzvemen2ts wortbyof the occadon. The propecttus will shortly be i.sed. The .ubsbcrbers and friends of Her faWse Theatre, whofede s interest in the asucess of this Vreat estab ent, are respectfulljinvited to foward early intimation of their intention to isbcrnbe. Tis season. wll consist of 30 night, acnd the Drices wiU be as foUow :-Pit boxeg, 120 to 250 guineas; grand tier, 1l0 te 200 guineas; one pair 120 to 15D gunes; two pair, 75 to 100 uinea; pit stalls, 25 guineas. The boxofisc is now open. 1OYAL ITALIAN OPERA.-MI. GYE begs ett Moe.repectfully to announce that he will, dinig the Present seaso0n3, give the OPERA. at tho ROYAL LYCEUM TH1!RLE. The bngeageentA for the opera are :-Madame Griu, Madlame Jenny 2(ey, Mdlle. Didif~e, MdlUe. Maras, Madame Tallafwo, and Madme Mosio ; Signtor Ma-rio, Signor T-aneberlik (for a few nights only. previous to his departure for Rio Janeirol, Signor Gardoul Signor ariazl. Signor Luchesi, Sigor Tagliaiieo, Signor Polonini, ons. Zelger, Signor Soldi. 8ignor fel, Herr Foemes, Signor Ronconl. and Signor Lablache. Director of the Music, Compoer, and ConductorMr. Coet. For tha Divertissements-dule. Esper, Mdlle. Combs, Mdlle. EmRa, Mdile. Getat. Mons. Desplaes and Mdlle. Cerito. rhe falloritog operas wilS be performed during the sea&ou-viz., RUigoletto La Garra Ledra. Otelto, It Troatore, Matrimonio Segreto, It Brbiere. I Puritans, Rorma, 1ucia, La Favaotap Fidelio, Don Diovnni, t Conte Cry, Lf' t'hioe, Don a Lucrezia Borgia, and VersE's news ooera La TraTiata. Snbecription.-Thesumbscription will be for4flnights, commencing on Tuesday next, April 15. en w hich occason will be perform3ed Verdi's nevr grand opr, IL flRURY.LA2NE.-English Opera.-In consequence U of the exacting nature of II Trovatore, this opera, notwithstandag the increased enthusiasm withwhichIt is receirea on each evening, c=n onlybe presented four times a week.-TPI8 EVENING, and on Frlday, TIlE BOHEMNiA GIRL. Arline (SirAt time), Miss Dyer; Queen of the Gipsiesk fiss Fanny Reeves, Thaddeus, Mr. Henri Haigh; Florestein. Mtr. Manvers; Devilshoof, Mr. Henri Drayton, Count Arnhiem. Mir. Deuand. &c. To-morrov-, and on Saturday, II Trovatore, or, The Gipsy's Vengeance. Lucy Escott, Mris Fanny Huddart. liss Dyer. Mr. Angctus Braham. Mr Heny Haib, Mr. Massnzerz, br. Henri Dra5ton, Mr. Durand, Mr. S. Champion, &c. To be foUvowed each evening with a grand baUet divertissement, entitled THE E.NC1ANTED GARDEN: Miss Lees, Mr. Farmer, and the numerous Corps de Ballet. Reduced prices as ueual-stalls, 4s. dress circle, 3s. first circle and pit, 2s.; upper circle and amphitheatre, s.; gaUery, d. Private boxes, lOs. 6d., . Il., and £2 2L TrEEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET.-THIS J EVENING (Wednesday). and during the week, the new and successful comedy of THE EVIL GENIUS. After which the new baUet pantomime of EL GA?IIBUSINO, or The Mexican Goldseeker. In whuch the renowned Spanish Dancer. Perea Nena, with Manuel Perez. antl a new Company of Spaniards, wil appear. The new music by Edwanl ritzivihiam. The scenery by IV. CaIIcOtt. After which, This Evening LEND ME FIVE SHILLINGS. Mr. Golightly,Mr. Buckstone, And FISH OUT OF WATER. After the ballet, To-morrow, andon Friday and Saturday, a new farce. The Postman's Knoclk. R OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. - KING L HEN RY VIII. wil be performed To-morrow Evening (Thursday, April 10). and on Thursday, April 17, when it wMi be definitively withdrawrn, having then completed the unprecedented rim of 120 nights. EHEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Noveity and Attraction.-First Night of a niew Adelphi drama, Lik-e and Unlike. in which Mr. B. Webster, Mfr. Wright, and MIadame Celeste will appear.-LastN rht but Three or the Royal Burlesque and Comic Pantomime-THIS VENING (never acted), an entirely new dramv. in two acts, with new scenery, dresses, and a? rointments, called LIKE AtND UNLIKE, Characters by Mr. B. lfbster. r Wribht MIr. Paul Iledford, Mr. O Selbv, 'or. Garden. Mtr. Morelnd, flr. Henrym, Mame Celnste, Mies yadham MissB aidLlaw. &o. And the grand burlesque and comic pantomime, caUed JACK AND THE BEAN STALK; or, Harlequin and Mother Goose at Home Again. Jack and IHarlequin, Aladame Celeste ; Mother Goose and Columbine. Miss Wyndham (an performed by command before Her Majesty and the Royal Family). TPHEATRE ROYAL, SADLER's -WELLS.- .L!ihre eminent trag&dienne, Miss Cushman, for only three nights more-This Evening, To-morrow, and on Saturday-in her extraordinaryrepresentationof Meg -erriie.In consequence of the crowded state of the theatre last evening the'Manager requests that places in the boxes be secured beforehand. Box-office oPen from 11 to 3-TEIS 3VENI G, the highlysuccessful revival of GUY MANNERING, with all the original effects and music. After which, A ROLAND FOR AN OLIVER. To conclude with other Entertainments. Boxes, 3s. and 2s.; pit, l1,; gallery, 6d. OYAL S UXEYTHEATRE.-HOW WE LIVE J t IN THE lWORLD OF LONDON. This great secret is nightly disclosed. Third appearance in England of alons. Hanlon, whose incredible performances have bocei pronounced by the Emperor Napoleon to be most unprecedented, brilliant, and wonderfuL BEAT NATIONAL STANDARD THEATRE.- JrW Proprietor Mlr John Dousglzss.-En geent of anusz Glyn, Mrr. H. Blarston, aina Miss Rebecc Isaacs.-TffirEVENING, thre pay of ABTONY AND CLEOPATRA (unparaUeled in histiionio pageantry). Antony, MIr. H. Mavston (of the T'hentre Royal, SaWdlers-wells) Cleopatra, liss Glyn. Mliss Rebecca lses will also appear in opera. ]) OYAL MARYLEBONE THEATRE.-The Last O t Night but Two of Mr. Charles Mathews's Engagement, who will appear ench evening in two of his most popular characters.-Doxes, 2s. pit, Is gallery, 6d.: no advance on these prioes-THIS E;vENG {IN ednesday, April 9). THE GRE&T GUN TRICK. The Wizard of the S. S.W., Mr. Charles Mlathevs. Aftpr w:hich, USED UP. Sir Charles Coldsteam. Mr. Charles Mathews. To conclndo withMKATHERINE AND PETRUCHIGI. Manager-Mr.B. Stirling. ROYAL SOHO THEATIE.-Openever Eveni -Glorious success of hlr. Winter. hotv.eillapp,ear as TO-NIGHT. lago, Mr. T. B Evans. And the screamng farce of lIRS. JONES. in which Mr. Mowbry and iss Hielen Love will appear. Stalls, 3s.; boxes, 2s.; pit, 1s Half-price at 9-stall, 2s.; boxes, Is.; pit, 6d. Tho Theatro to beLet forBenefitscheaperthan any in London. DRURY-LAN.-ENGLISH OPERA Under the MIanagement of Messra. J. TullH. and .Kingsbry THIS EVENING, THE BOHEIf GIr Characters by Mlis Dyer. Miss F. Reeves, MIr. H. Paigh, Mr. Manvers, Mtr. i. Drayton. MIr. Durand, &ce To conclude with THIE ENCHANTED GARDEN. THE-ATRE ROYAI, HAYAIIARIET. Under the Management of M.rr.Bucistoue. TR lS EVENING, THIE EVIL GENIUS.' By Meesra Buckstone. Compton; lises Reynolds, Swsanborough,l&c. After which, EL GAIIIBUSINO; or, The Mexican Goldseeker. To be followed by LEND ME FIVE ShILLINGS. To conclude with FISH OUT OF WATER. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. Under the'laTanagement of Mr. Charles Kean. THIS EVENING will be presented LOUIS XI. Louis (Kin" of Francel. Mjr. C. eanr. After which, ThE VICTOR YANQUEISHTh. To conclude with A PRINCE FOR AN HOUR. THA.TPRE ROYAT, ADELPHiL Proprieto-r MrT. B. WVebster; Directness, Mladame&Celeste. THIoS EVLENIG will be presented LIKE AND UNLIKE. Cha- racters by Menrs. B. Webster, Wright, P. Bedford, C. Selby, Garden, Mloreland, IHenry; Madlame Celeste, Mms WVyndiham. Miss Laidlaw, &c. To conclude with JACIZ AN D TH4 BEAN STALK_ ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE, Lessee, Mr. Alfred Ivgan. THIS EVNING will bepresented STILL WATERS RUN )EIP. John Mdiamay, Mr. A. Wigan: Mrs. Hector Stermhold, Mr Stirling. TocoxcludewithTEIEDISCREEITPRINCESS. Charactersby3fessrs. P. Robsoen, Emery. Danvers, H. Cooper, White, Cltton; MissesJulia St. (boorge,Ternan, Marstan, Nasrleli, and Stephens. Commenceati pas 7, THEATRE ROYAL. SADLIER'S.WElLS. Under the Management of Mr. George A. Webster. THIS EVENING will bo presented GUY MA&NNERING. Meg Merriie.s, Miss Cushmnan, D die Dinmont, Arr.Barrett ; Dirk Hatteraick, Mr. B. F. Edgar; Julia, Miss H. Gordon ; Lucy, Mirs A. Oliver. After which, A ROLAND FOR AN OLIVER. To conclude with other Entertainments. ROYAL SURR-EY THEATRE. Lesees Mesr. Sephrd ndCreswick. THIS EVENING wil be presented HIOW WE LIVE IN THE WORL;D OF LjONDON. CharactersbyMessrs. Shepherd, C.A.Calvert, ASTI,Y'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATEB. Lessee and Manager, M1r.W. Cooke. THIS EVENING will be presented THE ARAB OF TEHE DESERT AND HIS FAITHFUL STEED. After which, the Scenes in the Circle, &ac To conclude with THE GRAND SPRFIG hTING AND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. TO CORRESPOND1NTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of T7re Times is reduced to 4cd., and that 5id. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. X3 notce can be taken of anonymous communIcationl. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for pLblication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to retur rejected communications, d2 The publication of THE Tsas commonced at 5 o'clock yesterday moming, and finisheni at 25 minutes to 10.
LON-DON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 9, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, The Earl of IIARDWICxn suggested that the opportunity of the great naval review about to be held at Portsmouth should be taken to ascertain by actual experiment the qualities and powers of the many vessels of new construction assembled at Spithead. It would be well to ascertain if the new gunboats could really encounter a heavy sea with their present armament; he believed they could not, and that if they put on extra steam they would go down headforemost. It would be well to know, also, how many shots they would bear 'without the men on board being boiled to death, as he understood one 32-pounder would pass through them. NTo reply to the suggestion was made on the part of the C(overnnent. The LORD CHAw?ELToR corrected an error he had made (before the recess) in speaking of the services of the late L-ord TiuRo, by which he had ascribed to Lord TuRmo the credit of the Chancery reforms which belonged to Lord St. LEoNwA's. The Agricultural Statistics Bill was read a third time after a short discussion, in 'which the Duke of 1ICEOND said it was unfair to compel the farmers to make their returns while the system of taking the general averages of the sales of corn was so uncertain as to be a great delusion. The Marquis of CANrIcARDE moved that the return of the territorial revenues and disburements of the-East India Company, lately presented to the House, be' printed, and asked for a return of the military disbursements during the years included in the foregoing return, specifying the Presidencies and provinces in 'which they have been ineurrea. The papers laid before Parliament contained no, account of this expenditure. He thought it was time to consider the financial state of India, as it appeared the present annual deficiency of the revenue exceeded 2,000,001. -The Duke of ARGYrz said there would be no objection on-the part of the Government to furnish all.the information it 'possessed; the military expenditure in' the several Presidencies might be given, but there would be some difficulty in going into the detail 'required to distinguish that of 'the different provinces. The motion wras agreed to after a discusrion, in which Lord MOxEGIZ;, the NarI Of 011owBY, and the Earl of E B :onour took part. The House then adjourned. In the House of Commons, Mr. Mu=rZ moved a resolution, " That an equitable adjustment of the income and property -tax is essential to the interests of the country, particularly as regards the rates of payment upon industrial and professional incomes, compared with those derived from fixed property." He was old enough, he said, to remember the effects of the income and property tax of the former war, its inequality and its inquisitorial character; nevertheless,he had supported the tax when proposed by Sir R. PEE1;. in 1842, because, under the then circumstances of our inances, he sav no remedy but atemporary income and property tax. That tax had, however, been continued. iEe was of opinion that a tax upon property was the best tax that could be imposed; but there was a great difference between a property-tax and an incometax. A man who had property should pay for its protection; but the tax upon incomes operated unequally, and the mode of assessment, by which a man was often made to rob himself, was a denial of [ justice. The present taxc was not fair in itself; it t was unjust to the public at large, and its injustice and inequality mnight be remedied. The motion was seconded by Mfr. ?oTrxoiUllu.r IART. The CnAxc=oR of the ExcuEo-m said it was difficult to exaggerate the importance of this question, whieh involved a reversal of the poliEcy pursued since the time of Mr. PITT. The motion would necessitate an entire ireonstruction of this policy, and Mr. MIuTz had carefully abstained from intimating more than the general principle of the reconstruction. He seemed to proposs that the incometax should be repealed, and that the tax should be a tax upon property alone. He had argued that it was the holder of property who should pay for the protection of the State; but Anisr SEnZ= laid it down that taxes should be paid in proportion, not to property, but to revenue. it was usual to distinguish incomes into permanent and precarious, and it was said to be unjust to place both in one and the same category-; but those who so argued supposed that all incomes could be classed under one of those two heads. This opinion, he contended, was founded entirely in error. There were various intermediate shades and gradations, and it would be necessary to taken into consideration an infinite variety of circumstances in order to establish this distinction. The plan proposed by 3Mr. MTrz would derange the relations and proportions of the schedules, which had been disturbed by the tax on successions. He had hoped, the CA&NcaLTon of the ExseEQuEa said, that the very full and able consideration which Mr. Gi,aDsroxz had given to this subject when he brought forward his first Budget would have absolved him from the necessity of entering into it again; and, believing that this was not a favourable moment for entertaining such a discussion, and that the House should not pledge itself to an abstraet proposition, he moved the previous question. Mr. LInG thought that nothing was more dangerous than for the House to adopt an abstract proposition upon the subject of our finances, unless it had before it some practical plan; that a tax should be judged of with reference to a substitute proposed He should, therefore, vote against the original motion. At the same time he was strongly impressed with the conviction that this tax must become a permanent part of our taxation, and that its principle must undergo some revision. MDr. W. WnlThMs advocated some modification of the tax as respected incomes of small amount. Mr. SPooNsuB could not support the motion, as he dissented from the latter portion. He believed that the assessment of the tax might be made less harsh, and at the same time more productive. After a very few words from Mr. MAomm and Mr. Jo1Ex 1V'GrEcoR, Sir H. VnLouGnsB said the inequality of the tax pervaded all the schedules, and instanced the Long Annuities, which paid, he said, 20 per cent. tax, instead of 61. 1Ss. 4d., which wasnothing more than extortion and robbery. Mfr. MTrz made a brief reply, and, the House having divided, his motion was virtually negatived (the majority deciding that the question be not put) by 194 to 63. Captain L. YEnwox, in moving for a copy of the correspondence between the Clerk of. the Ordnance and Lieutenant-Colonel Hxr.ass,Deputy-InspectorGeneral of Fortifications, respecting his removal from that military position, entered at some length into the details of the case, complaining of the system in the Ordnance of making the military branch subservient to the eiviL M. MoNsr. g,ave explanations upon- the subject of the removal of Colonel Howmss, and denied that there was any idea of giving civilians in the Ordnance any military controL After a short conversation the motion was withclrawn. The LoRD-ADvoCArE moved for leave to bring in a bill to regulate and make further provision for parochial schools in Scotland andaa biU to make provision for education within burghs in Scotland. With respect to the parish schools, it was impossible, he observed, to maintain an exclusive test, and his bill proposed to abolish it; but he did not propose to malke a greater inroad upon the management of these schools than necessity required. He detailed the provisions in the former bill, aud by the latter, he said, he proposed to give to town-councils the right to assess for the borough schools up to a certain amount, subject to restrictions. These two small measures, he said, were only part of his scheme for the improvement of education in ScotI land; a third bill, which would place that scheme in connexion with the Mlinister and Council of Education, he should develope hereafter. MIr. B3Axit said, although the first measure did not come up to his wishes and hopes, as a Dissenter, yet he accepted it as founded upon the basis of a compromise. Mr. BLACK was sorry that the LomD-ADvocATa could not carry out the system of education upon the comprehensive and national plan upon which it ought to be established; yet, if the test were abolished, it would be, he thought, worth a struggle to get that. Mr. 1!liCxIn spoke in approbation of the bifls, as well as Sir A. AoG5w, who, although he wished the measure had gone further, thought it could not fail to give satisfaction. The parish schools had not at present the confidence of the great majority of the population. Some remarks were made by Mr. Br.cxnsurx and Mr. SErmr.m, and leave wras given to bring in the bills. On the motion to nominate tho Select Committee on local charges upon shipping, MEr. V. Scur.r. objected to the first name, that of Mr. LowE, on the ground tha' no Irish member was proposedtobeputuponthecommittee,andcomplained of the habitual exclusion of members of Irish constituencies from committees and from public positions. The CEnE&cLnoi of the ExcmnQm` disclaimed, on the part of the Government, any desire systematically to exclude Irish members from com- mittees. Ireland, he observed, had but a small direct interest in this question. He proposed, however, to increase the number of the-committee from 15 to 17, and to add the names of two Irish members-Mfr. VANcE and Mr. Xnx. MIr. D1SALI, although he thought the committee too numerous, did not object to the addition; but he denied that Irish members were habitually excluded from even the highest positions. 3Mr. WATSON had very serious objections to the number and to the formation of the committee, which would, he said, be a purely partisan committee. After some observations by M3r. Scos, Mr. Jomr MGP.EGOR, and MEr. HADPnmD, SirF. BARiNG objected to tho constittition of the committee, whose decision, he thought, would nbt have any weight, and would give no satisfaction. Lord FALR&Tsrox thought the cormmittee, as proposed to be nominated, would be well adapte to perfornthe duties assigned to it,-not to decide the question, but to inquire into facts, which would be brought out by memubers with opposite opinions. - Lord:EHosu, who had been placed upon; the commnittee, protested strongly aganst its composition. Mr. M. GIBsON considered that the committee was as fairly constituted as it coulld be. MIr. HORSFALL moved that the debate be adjourned until that day week. This motion was seconded by Mr. F. SCiuLv, who characterized the committee as a most unfair one. Mr. LxDQUCIETni. 7said this WaO anything but a 2part si committee; it was what might be called a strong camm ttee, and no case had been made oat for constituting it in a different manner. Mfr. I)tncca?, Sir W. Jox.tz£, aand M1r. ZBAss continued the discussion. 'Upon a division the motion for adjourning the debate was negatived by 108 to 6?. The names of the members of the Select Com. raittee were then put fmm the Chair and agreed to. Mfr. BowEnM called attention to the constitution of the Board of Audit and to the defects of the law regarding the audit of public accounts. The CH-crxLLoa of the Exca=QuzR gave detailed explanations respecting the functions of the Audit Board and the portions of the public accounts that were audited at the Treasury and in other departments. Sir F. B&ImG and l1r. DIsAuT.r madeafew remarks, and lor0d ?PAnLSTON said it was a mistake to suppose that the audit of the army accounts was not complete and effectual; and he eplained the lanner in which the army expenditure was audited. Some observations were made by Mr. Hsa-r.Y and AMr. W. W DS, and the subject dropped. The Report of the Committee of Supply was brought up and agreed to. The other orders were disposed of, and the Rouse adjourned at a few minutes after 12 o'clock.
Mr. Muwvz belongs to an old Echool of politicians, and his motion last night belongs to an old school of politics. It is the school that prophesies, testifies, and protests in season and out of season, perhaps rather out of season than in season, because it is more startling and nugatory. The better the doctrine, the more certain the verity in the hands of such men, the worse account do they make of it. One would rather that they held some innocent and respectable form of error than maul and disfigure truth as they do. Indeed,whether it be trath or not that they hold does not very much signify as far as concerns the result. Dr. Painnosa always harping on monogamy, and presenting his great work on the subject to the baronet on the eve of a second marriage, was not more unlucky than MIr. IuNT2s proposal at this moment of an equitable adjustment of the Income-tax. Here is a war bill to pay which nobody knows the length of, and a productive tax that is to last just long enough to pay half the bill, it is to be hoped, and Mr. MTJru'z proposes to leave the war bill alone, and set about mending the tax. With peace before us, which we trust is the more likely alternative, the tax is to expire fimally in 1860. It would be only a death-bed repentance at the best, and a very unsatisfactory one to begin and be just now. We could almost say, let the tax die with all its iniquities on its head. But it is not what we wish, or what Mfr. Mu=rz wishes. It is a patent, undeniable fact, that Parliament will not interfere with the last years of the Income-tax, and it is utterly useless to ask it to do so. The operation of the tax, as shown in the returns, is very unsatisfactory,-worse than unsatisfactory, for it is positively disgraceful. The taxpayers under Schedule D, smarting unader a strong sense of injustice, avenge themselves by retiuns manifestly inadequate, and thus a sort of justice is obtained by a common dishonesty. A compromise is struck between the unreasonableness of the demand and the shiftiness of the payment. No wonder. There are states of society where people hide their money and live a-life of pretended poverty, knowing full well that they have only to show their wealth and it will find its3lf wings. The Income-tax, falling equally on aU incomes, and justly described as an Income-tax 'upon property and a Property-tax upon income, is a semi-barbarous condition of life. People have not only a temptation, but even some degree of excuse, for hiding away their income, if possible, out of the reach of such an infliction. At all events they do so; and to statesmen the faet that they do so is not less important than the 1mpropriety of sueh an act. Looking on the tax as a thing that must run out its course, like many another nuisance which we bear because it is not to last long, we cannot help regarding the whole affair as a political ani ethical euriosity. The advocates of the Incometax in its present form are aetually driven to defend it on the ground of its utter unpopularity, its impracticableness, and its demoralizing character. A Chancellor of the Exchequer has defended the scale of Schedule D, because peogle will not pay it, because they cannot be made to pay it, and because they would rather perjure themselves than pay it. The result, of course, is that they don't pay a farthing more thana they ought to .pay, perhaps not so mauch; so the financier said no injustice was done, the people were not made to pay, and did not pay; and, in a roundabout way, actual justice was accomplished. The defence of the law, then, was that it was not obeyed. It was too bad to be obeyed, t-he people were too shrewd, too indignant, or too dishonest to obey it. No harm was done,_ and it was not worth attempting to alter the tax. They who make this defence appear to forget that they are imposing a species of martyrdom on those few good subjects wLo make a conscience of returning the whole of their incomes, and are mulcted accordingly. Chancellors of the Exchequer evidently regard them with small respect. They are {he dupes of a makebelieve tax, which is not meant to be paid. "1Base is the slave "that pays." The tradesman who returns a third of his income, and who quells a rising scruple with the thought that he is merely capitalizing it, and will thus pay as much upon his property as the landowner on one side and the fundholder on the other, is acting up to the right theory of the tax, it appears. This is the defence that has been made before now, and if it is not made always it must still have some secret influencewithChancellors of the Exchequer, for, in spilte of the notorious fact that trades and professions do not yield more than half the amount of duty they ought to do, the tax is not altered, and is never laid on but in its old form. It was not to be expected that such an argument could have much acceptance even with its authors; for British statesmen. after all, haie not come to that pass that they should maintain a law because it was inevitably broken, and because it taught dishonesty. No; the truth is that the Income-tax in its present form carries its own condemnation. The Succession-tax is an attempt, to replace it, cleared of its injustice, for it is a tax upon property, and not mere income. That ta-x is liable to objections of its own, and on the whole wo are disposed to think, that had any Chancellor of the Exchequer been able to make theProperty-tax the thing it prof}es to be, it would have remained a permanent and profitable part of our financial resources. But was it poesible a tax could last long which was defended on the ground of an odiousness so great as to justify any amount of evasion? We could wish nothing better for our American cousins than that they had a few years' taste of it, and then they would be rather less anxious for the diversion of war. They don't krnow what taxes are. Imagine a thriving pork merchant of Cincinnati being compelled to pay G cents. out of orery dollar that he had put byin the course of the year towards the building of gunboats, steam-frigates,, and batteries, besides taxes on his buildings, ana on his tea, oDffee, tobacco, spirits, and a good deal more. We- pay all this, -with much grumbling, indeed, and, it appears, with considerable evasion-many of us, at least.- We feel it, however, acutely. Can it be supposed that we like war, When we have so long Aeape4 its
The peculiar genius of a people, while it partly Creates and mainly colours its political institutions, survives the occasional changes which they un<dergo, and defies the accidental encroachments by -which they are threatened. No constitution, however artistically conceived or teclmically formalized, could teach the EnglEsh nation to comport itself at a Wtl rncsq(ul as if it felt at home there and really enjoyed the diversion; or could compel British lodging-housekeepers to beguile into their dingy zipartnients the elegance, the cheerfulness, and the lightness of the Parisian hotels. No act of Parliament could mlake the British citizen forego his morning paper, or a British M.P. his unimpressive, but not unrecorded speech. So, while Parliamentary eloquence is banished from France, the eloquence -which claims priority of date and consistency of character-the eloquence of the sCalot, of tho literary circle, of the AcndiCmie-vindicates its unimpeached supremacy in its most congenial soil. The Tribune of the Deputies may be huished, the oratory of the Senate mnay be suppressed, GuizoT cnay have ceased to discuss and TnERs to refine, but "the Academy" retains its traditionary distinction, independent of politics and prohibitions, its Tribune still articulates a language less impassioned, but not less earnest or less impressive, than the oratory of the Assembly; and the Duc DE BRocII and 31. NISARD inherit the applause, perhaps the influence, of the discrowned monarchs of Parliamentary debate. In the absence of those political discussions -which the present -rggime of France holds to be a needUess and cumbrouis appendage to the machinery of government a meeting such as that wrhich was recently convoked to welcome the admission of the Duc DE BrOGLrI among the fiaternity of the "Acadiniie" inspires an interest -which can hardly 'be imagined by Englishmen, who have no analogous institution, or, at any rate, no analogous -occasion. Indeed, it would be difficult to conceive anything so extremely foreign to the genius and habits of our countrymen as such an event and such a scene. Imagine a distinguished literary or scientific character inauglurating his admission into the Royal Society with a long discourse, elaborately polished and delicately phrased, abounding in graceful compliments to those who had preceded and those who siLu-rounded 3.im ; glancing, rather than touching, on every contemporaneous and many a past incident; hovering with coy temerity aboult the ardent embers of forbidden politics; fluttering with wellpoised rhetoric over the memory of departed or suspected greatness, and rousing, by the mesmeric touch of shadowy inuendo, a response and a sympatly wvhich more emphatic and more positive eloquence would have failed to excite. And imagine the reply, not less rhythmical in its periods, not less soft in its cadences, not less pointed in its allusions, not less impressive by its omissions, not less artistic in its compliments, not less thrilling in its brief reminiscences, not less dexterous in its photographic sketches of forbidden history; turning from the praise of the living to regrets for the dead, and blending -with the olive offered to the neophite the cypress due to the memories of men who had won fame in other times under other laws. With us aU this would be simply impossible. There is scarcely one distinguished .nnn, however acute as a philosopher or able as a lectturer, who would not break down ia- an ungraceful retrospect or a clumsy compluient after the third or fourth paragraph. lye should have the stock cantilenua, of " the " present occasion" reiterated through a stanimering jangle of disjointed sentences and the usual formullas so deeply cherished in our parochial orators-" most proud," " most happy," and cc sensible of the high honour"-both speakers and lis'eners being extremely bored by a most uncon,genial and distasteful task. In fact, such is our education and such our habits that it is doubtful whether, putting aside greatconstitutitnal questions, Englishmen can be-eloquent or fluent, excel t on positive m.atters, such as dividends and percuntage, or religious matters as seen from the platform or the chapel pulpit. But, strange as these occasions may be to our habits, they are interesting, not only as giving us a picture of one of the best phases of French manners, but as a curiouis illustration of French contemporary history. It is not every day that a statesman who, like the Duc DE BRoGLIE, has served first under a legitimate, then under an elective nionareb, who in opposition andadministration has been distinguished for the independence of his views and for the firm moderation with which lie maintained them, comes, after the subversion of the system in which he has earned the admiration -of France and a fame almost EutroDean, to receive, in a College dedicated to the Muses, the eulogistic homage of so eloquent a political conVert as MI. IN SrD. What topics necessarily suggested themselves to the author and the recipient of the panegyric ! What changes they had eaclh witnessed-what convulsions they had each survived ! How difficult to abstain from those reflections, insensibility to which must have denoted Want of heart, of memory, of human sympathy HOW diffic-ult to indulge them wvithout betraying a too courtly pliancy or a too factious partisanship ! The Revolution and its massacres, the Empire that diverted the Revolution, and the Restoration that subverted the Empire, itself to be supplanted in its turn-another Revolution and another Empire, with an unconjecturalble futuresuch were the subjects that vere present to the mninds of the veteran statesman and his academic sponsor, and such were to be treated lightly, dis-cursively, and abstractedly. The life of his predecessor, A1. DE ST. AuLAIRE, supplied the ostensible purport of M1. 'DE BnoGIe's ,lisoinZs; BL. DE ST. AURAmies work, the History of tlte l;S onde, that of 31B. iTsApi's reply; and each exhibited no little ingenuity in adapting the elements of his subject to a commentary upon the recent history of France. It gave to 31L DE BROGuE an opportunity of expressing, aloug with his regret at " l'ambition " des conquetes, qui rend r6tat de guerre percc p6tuel' of the Imperial system, his adn?iration for c" le plus grand capitaine des temps mo&Iernes, et, "peuet-ire, de tous Ies temps, formcant lui-meme C ses arm6es, dressant de ses mains ses soldats, " dictant la nuit ses plans de campagne, le matin " partant comnme la foudre pour les executer; sup" portant les privations, les frimas, la fatigue " commele plus aguerri de ses veterans." It gave 3lim an opportunity of touching on that " golden " age of the Fronde"' (which, doubtless, he oRce Roped to see repeated and perpetuated at another epoch) when France was proceeding " vers un "' ordre de choses I la fois antique et nouveau- '" ntique de droit, nouveau de fait-et qui, s'il "ecat durE plus aun jour, aurait chang e la face " de n6tre pays et le courant de sa destin6e." It gave him an opportunity of commending generally the system of a "free and regular " government" by Parliamentary intervention, while claiming its tentative application for the early history of France. And, finally, it gave him an opportunity, gratefully seized, of paying an honest and courageous tribute to the memory l of Louis PHiLIPPE and the benefits conferred on France by his reign. M. NISARD availed himself of the occasion to intertwine vith much elegant criticism on the style of "L Ia Fronde" political disquisitions on the events which it commemorates and the persons who took part in them, to impress inpon his hearers the pregnant moral that in the tumult of that medley discord and in the general abasement of the national character caused by the war of factions IRoyalty alone remained true to itself and to France, and that to the power of the CROwN it is due that Co.uA and TuRmNmz, from being merely factious, became orudy great. Nor, while the eminent position which Mf. DE BROGUE had filled among the Parliamentary orators of France naturally induced an allusion to the system wlhich had vanished and the Senate which had fallen, did M. NISARD forget to extract the flower of hope from the retrospect of the perils which then threatened France. Glory alone could raise France. This glory she had found both at home and abroad; in war and in the triumphs of peace under the Prince wvho now rules her. The present is sufficient for her. As for the future, she rests confidently on the hope of founding hereafter an edifice " capable of supporting greater liberty." Without imputing more to M. NISAnD than he wished to express, we may be allowed for the present, as good neighbours, to share his aspirations and echo his sentiments.
We are in sad disgrace with Lord LucAe, because we ventured to incorporate into an article which we published yesterday the evidence of the three principal witnesses who had given evidence against him before the Crimean Commissioners. As we are rather more chary of expletives and less disposed to tear a passion to tatters than the gallant Earl, we will altogether refrain from that rich banquet of abuse to which he seems eager to invite us. We are perfectly aware that he is upon his trial before competent judges. In his quality of defendant he has a far greater safeguard for the present than any which he will procure to himself by angry commination. We have no wish in the matter but thatt Lord LUvcA? should prove his innocence. For his own sake he will act a far wiser part in addressing himself to the real facts of the case and to the real points of the accusation than in wasting the time of the Court in idle declamation against the Crimean Commissioners, against l7Ve Yimes,-against every person, in short, who presumes-to assert that his eonduct in the Crimea, when in conunand of the English cavalry, afforcls fair matter for inquiry. It is very easy to say that Sir Joix MVI'NEII and Colonel TuIaocH are "n ilignant" and that 17te Times is " audacious," but the real point is to Inow what became of the cavalry under Lord LucA?1's command. Lord Luc.,- will do well to reconsider his position. There is not a club nor a dining-table in London, at which such matters are canvassed at all, at which his conduct in the Crimea has not been the subject of far severer strictures than any which have ever appeared in the columns of this journal. Could he succeed-which we much doubt-in suppressing the natural comments which the course of the Chelsea proceedings is calculated to elicit, he would simply be exchanging a known for an unknown danger-a less serious peril for one of a far more formidable description. As far as we are concernel, however, let Lord Luc.A- set his mind at rest. We have no desire to play the part of counsel for the prosecution. We shall continue in this portion of oiur columns to give a digest of the proceedings at Chelsea, for the benefit of that large poltion of our readers who will scarcely be at the pains of wading through the series of questions and answers which the process of examination naturally involves. Nor shall we thinkl it a very serious offence, nor a very un-English proceeding, if we occasionally take the liberty of referring, by page and name, to the evidence attached to the Report of the Crimean Commissioners. This Report has been placed in the hands of the meimbers of both Houses, and has been distributed to the public; so that we can scarcely be accused of acting unfairly to Lord LucA& by a simple reference to that public document, which, in fact, constitutes the bill of indictment against him. Let others judge of the effect of the evidence; we refer to itnothincg more. That which has called forth Lord LucAN's indignation seems to be that in the course of the few comments we offered yesterday upon the Monday's proceedings we ventured to remind our readers of the real charges against him. This we did by the literal transcription, with inverted commas, of passages in the evidence of Colonels HoDGES, GRIFEITEs, and DOHERTY. We neither garbled nor modified their expressions, but gave them in their own language, vith the remark that these officers might be right, or they might be wrong; but their words involved the charges which Lord Lutco; was bound to answer. Beyond this we called attention to the fact that the date of an order published by Lord LucA?'s direction, and quoted by himself, corroborated the report of the Commissioners. The Earl, in the full swing of his indignation, appears to forget that there are other persons upon their trial at Chelsea as well as himself. The elaracter of'Sir JoHN M'NEn;L and of Colonel TULLocH, of Colonels HODGEs, GPrrrns, and DOHERTY, are probably of as much consequence to them as his own reputation is to Lord LucAx. We say nothing of the hundreds of gallant men who are now no more. Did these deaths occur through the inevitable accidents of war, or through the incapacity and ndglect of the officer in command? That is the point. We now entreat Lord LucAN to set his mind at rest as to any presumed hostility from this journal. We are about to give the briefest possible summary or analysis of yesterday's proceedings at Chelsea Hospital. As far as this sitting is concerned, there is happily no occasion for reference to the evidence of the Crimean Report, as Colonel GRInTHS presented himself for cross-examination. The proceedings, then, opened with Lord L-ucA's invective against Dwe Times, which we pass over as irrelevant. A short discussion followed as to the employment of the cavalry on transport duties under an order from Lord RAGLAN, and then Colonel GRIEFFITHS was called. The examination of this officer constituted the main feature in yesterday's proceedings. Colonel GnrvrrsPs persisted in his statement that Lord LVcAN had threatened to put him under arrest. He told Lord LUcAN yesterday to his face that his impression at the time was, and is still, that the threat was uttered in consequence of a suggestion which. he had just made, that the horses should be put under shelter. Lord LueAN entirely failed to shake this witness in his assertion. He endeavoured to show that his tlhreat was used in consequence of insubordinate or insolent language uised by Colonel Gr Drms to him' Colonel GnIrrnrs, -however, persisted in his statement, and added. that it was notuntilthe close of their interview, and after the threat of arrest had been uttered, that he replied, " I have '. only addressed you as one gentleinan would "another, and you have no right to use these "words to me." When pressed to explain what these words were Colonel Gnirrxs answered, " I "can't remember. I know you used very strong "language, and you became very excited." This oocurred on the 16th of November, 1854. Thispoint being so disposed of-or so left-Colonel GRiTHS was next examined by Lord LuACx as to the time at which it was proposed to move the situation of the permanent camp, as to the shifting of the cavalry, and so forth. The next point of interest consisted in Colonel G=FFiTHss's reply to Lord LucAN's question of what he would have done to protect the horses had the decision rested with him. Colonel GRITUS replied that he would have dug only a half-foot drain in the front and rear of the horses. When the horses lay down they were covered with water and mud. There occurred a sudden change in the weathera frost came on; the horses then became paralyzed with the frost, and so frozen that they could not rise. " The Turks made a few very fine huits," added Colonel GRIFFiTirS. " Is this evidence ?" said Lord LuoA- to the Court. Colonel Gzivrrras continued, " I am only explaining. The Turks, 4"' who were close to us at this time, built "c a large nlumber of huts, which General ScAn"c LEr purchased for his men at 301. each." The Colonel added that several captains of ships in B3alaklava harbour inquired why application was not made to them for sails and tarpailins to protect the horses of the cavalry. The Artillery. availed themselves of this resource, and found shelter. Colonel GxFFrlrs concluded by saying that he would at least have turned up mud walls as high as the knees of the horses, which would have kept their legs dry and have benefited them. Such is the pith of Colonel GRIFrTHSS's evidence as it will be found in our report this day. We abstain from comment of any kind. If this witness was unfavourable, in return the next wvitness, Sir RICnAaD AmEY, stood godfather to Lord LucAN on every point of accusation. Sir RicHARD Amy considered that every exertion had been made by Lord LuoCA to provide for the shelter of the horses. He stated that from the commencement Lord LucA pressed for information as to where the cavalry would probably be encamped, that he might commence his operations. When the cavalry was ordered to Kadikoi he applied for materials and an Engineer officer, but one could not be spared at the time. Sir RICHAAPDAiREY, in a word, proved Lord LucMz's whole case for him without hesitation. WhenheretiredColonelDomiYa,Tof the 13th Light Dragoons, was called up, that he might inform the Court whether he still adhered to the statement which he had made before the Commissioners, to the effect that the hutting of his horses was not completed before the 22d of Janualy. Colonel DOnEirT's reply was,-" I certainly may " have been incorrect, but at this moment I do not " recollect, nor could I just now find out. I " spoke chiefly from what my acting Quarter" master said." This morning an opportunity is to be given to Colonel TULLOCH for crossexamining Lord LUCAN, should such be his desire. Lord LvoUAN defers his final statement umtil he has heard what Colonel TuiLocH may have to say. Such is a brief outline of the proceedings at Chelsea yesterday, given with the most perfect impartiality. We can have no desire to prejudice or prejudge Lord LucA?'s case. Thus much, at least, -we may add-that when Lord L'uci appeals to others for moderation and sobliety of judgment he would do well not to season his request with bluster and abuse.
BAISI&NrG THE BLOCKADE. |(From the l;oncdon Gazete of Tuesday, April S.) FOREIGN-OFFICE, APRIL 8. Notice is hereby given that, pending the ratification of the Treaty of Peace, an armistice by sea as well as by land has been agreed upon between Great Britain and her allies on the one part and IRussia on the other, and that consequently orders have been given for immeediately raising the blockade of Russian ports.
HER MAJ.TSTY2S THEATBE. Pending the issue of the managerial prospectus, it may be interesting to our musical readers to know that an engagementhas justbeen concludedwithiMademoiselle Marietta Piccolomiiii, who wifl make her first appearance in England on the boards of Hler Majesty's Theatre. This young lady (the niece of Cardinal Piccolomini) has only very lately adopted the stage as a profession. Her performances in Rlome, Flolence (at the Pergola), Bologna (at the Communale), Turin (at the Carignano), and, lastly, Sienna (her native town), have, nevertheless, already made her celebrated; and in one opera espeCially-Lae Tra?iata, of Verdi-her success has been so extraordinary that enthusiastic compatriots have almost made an idol of her. Whether she is destined to create the same impression upon the more sober public of this metropolis remains to be seen; if, however, one-half that has been written and said of her is true she must be a very gifted and attractive person. Mlademoiselle Piccolomini was engaged at Padua and other Italian towns up to October:; but, in order to secure her services for the forthcoming season of Her Majesty's Theatre, Mr. Lumley, we understand, has paid the stipulated forfeit to the directors of those establishments.
PARTLAMENTABY NOTICES. I HOUSE OF COMMONTS, WEDNESDAY. APPIL 9. ORIDEMS OF THP DAY. Oath of Abjuration BiUt.-Second reading. Bleaching. :c., lorks Bill,-Second reading. Viscounters' tarrnages BilU.-Committaee raedical Profession BiDg,-Committeo. Supply,-Comamittee. lPays andw eans,-uCommitte. Trial of OThences BiUl (mordst.-Thrd rcading. o Colonel Dunnne.-To ask the (Jhief Secretary for Ireland wvhether ho bns any intention to introduce a measure ith respect to Petty Sessions Clerkss in Ireland ? Viscount Ebrington.-Return of the anuber of troops in each barrack in the united kingdom on the diiBt of each month in the Year 186L. together with the number of sick and prisoners absent from, or kept in each barrack, as the case mnay be, on the same daya. Sir F. Thesiger,-On motion for second reading of Oath of Abjur.ation BiDl, to move, that it be read a second time this day six months Mr. Baxter.-On motion for second reading of Bleaching, &Sc., Works BiD, to move, that it be referred to a select comenittee. Mr. Rtichardson,-On motion for second reading of Bleaching, &cc., Works Bill, to move, that it be read a second time this day sx months. Mr. Dunlop,-In committea on Dissenters' Marriages Bill -Clause to follow clause 7,-Where any party intending marriage without license uinder the provisous of any of the said recited acts or this act sball dwell in Scotland, a cert cate ofpr orclamation of bans in Scot. land, under the hand of the session clerk of the parLsh in which such proclamation shall havebeen made, shall, whenproducedto anyperson duly.authorized under the provisions of this act to solemnize amarriage, be as valid and effectual for anthorisinS such person to solemnize) such marriage as the production of a certadeate for marriage of a or either of the sai thre astlyireciteid ac ts,lin drefoerednce to a party resident within such disthict. Msr. Craufurd,-On motion for going Into select committee ot Medical Profession Bill to move that it be referred to a select committee. Mr. William Mlchell,-Clanse 29, page 9, " Provided always that no advertisement, door plate, or expression of opinion, adverse to any colleges or mnedical corporations on the usually recogmized theories, bo deemed to be misconduct within the meaning of this act." Mir. Wilson,-To move that, towards making good the sntpgJ granted to Her Majesty, the sum of £21,182,700 be raised by E. chequer-bills for the service of the year 1856 (in Committee of Ways and Mleans).
IBIB. SmtbDAIE B 1mTs Som s.-The 12th annual series of these performances of classical pianoforte music commenced last night in the Hanover-square Rooms. There was, as usual, a crowded and fashionable audience. MIr. Bennott was the Srst to institute a elass of mtusical entertainment deriving its principal in terest from works which the great masters bad dedi cated to the pianoforte. He has since had countress a imitators; but up to the present time his concerts remain the most attractive and the best. Tho programme last night was more remarkablle for excellence than for novelty-for the beauty of the compositions than for their difficulty. Mozart's sonata in E flat, for piano and violin (ML Sainton violin); Beethoven's quintet in the sam6key, for piano, with clarinet, oboe, bassoon, and honm (Messrs. Williams, Nicholson, Baumnann. and C. Harper); and his: sonata for piano and violin (Op. 12) in D major are in style so nearly akin, and are all so easy to play, that, but for their undouited merit, the concerb giver w.ould be open to the reproach of having selected his mzaterials with a viewv rather to convenience than to variety. Nothg could be more irreproachablethan the manners which these pieces were executed. Nevertheless, one of Beethoven's later productions would have afforded an additional zest to their enjoyment. An early quintet and an early sonata. (like any of the three inscribed by Beethoven to Saleri) should not be given, unless for a special purpose, on the same evening, more especially when the only solo of importance consists of a "lesson" from the Suites Angtasi of Sebastian Bach, and when the other concerted no-rceasu is a sonata (and one of the least elaborate) of Mozart, Mr. Bennett introduced nothing new of his own-which we hope does not imply that he has written nothwk since last year. His study, called L'Amnubi, one of the most refined ankd elegant of his shorter pieces, must always be welcome; but tho Ptudes and Lesson are scarcely calculated for performance in public, Madame Clara NovvilQ vs the VoQalist.
I LATEST INTEUOENCE. IRELAND. (BY ZLECT=IC TIEGR"P.) DUBLIN, TM-DAY EVxa-nc. ENNIS EO XON. The Attorney-General was re-elected to-day without opposition. TM PAOCIC STA1M. The Evening Post publishes the following important communication, received thisMay from Galway Founda'y andc Ronworks, Merchant-road, and New Doeks . cGalway, April It. " Sir,-I beg to acquaint you that Her Majesty's steamer Tartar, 24 guns, which had been sent by Government on the 29th ult. in search of the illfated steamer Pacific, arrived here last evening without obtaining any information of the missing ship, although the Tartar proceeded as far as 25 deg. west and about 55 deg. north latitude. " On the 29th ult. she met the Anerican ship Joseph Badger in great distress, with four feet of water in the hold, bound to Lorndon from Calcutta, and supplied her with provisions and an officer and eight men to assist in navigating her, as all hands were quite exhaustedpumping. She met two other ships, but got no information. The Tartar, being one of the fastest screw propellers in Her Majesty's navy, having made all speed to the nearest point on the west coast of Ireland, to communicate with the Lords of the A>dmiralty, is another proof that Guiway stands predorainantly before ansy other port for the transm ission of the mails to America. "Iremain, Sir, "Your most obedient servant, *JAMES STEPHENS. DMOhArY EvENG, 6 o'CL.ocx.-A second war steamer has just anchored close to the Tartar. The Desperate was the second sent in search of the Paciice." URTHE FORGERIES BY JOHN SADLElt. The subjoined important statement also appears in the Eveni?zg Post:- " Yesterday afternoon a London solicitor appeared in the Registry-office with a carpet bag containing a number of deeds, in order that it should be ascertained whether they had been registered in accordance with certificates of registry which he produced. The deeds purported to be conveyances of estates sold in the Encumbered Estates Court to John Sadleir and the certificates of registry, which were numbered, mentioned books in which the memorials of the deeds were entered. One of the certificates, dated in 1852, bore the signature of the late Mr. Walter Glaseock, who died before the establishmnent of the Encumbered Estates Court. The other certificates purported to be in the handwriting of M1r. Chapman, First Assistant-Registrsr. and to be signed by that gentleman. "On examination by 3Mr. Mlorgan OConnell, PrincipaI of the Registry-office, and his assistants, it was found that no such )bociks 'were in existence, and that all the deeds but one, and the entire of the certificates, wcrc forgeries. The deeds of conveyance, five in i iauber (some of which contained maps of the proi ; aties), bore the signatures of two of the commissi.'rners,-Dr. Longlield and Mr. Hargreave. The forgery of the signaiure of Mr. Chapman was exceedingly well executed. "The deed that was not forged had been orignally a conveuance of a smnall property purchased for 2,0001.; but the amount was changed to 5,0001.; the total amount of the consideration money on the five conveyances was 44,000.; the sum lent upon those securities was 16,0001. ; the lenders, of course, have been defiauded, like so many.others in the gigantic a-id unprecedented swindles perpetrated by John Sadleir."
INA VAL AND MILITARY IZTELLIRGENR. The grand review of the f'eet by the Queen is postponed until the 22d or 23d inst., by which date it is expected the ratification of the treaty of peace will have been effected, and the review will be a commemorative celebration in connexion with the event. The tides will suit better for the review on the 22d than on the 17th, and the ships now on their passage to Portsmouth and others in the course of equipment wll be at the rendezvous by the new date, when it is'presuned the day will be appointed for general rejoicing. Sir Charles Wood, First Lord of the Admiralty; Sir M. F. F. Berkeley, Second Lord; Lord Panmure, and Captain the 3Marquis Townshend, R.N., visited Portsmouth yesterday; the former went out to view the feet in the Adaiiralty yachtBlack Eagle; the last-named officer will be Aide-de-Camp-to the Queen at the forthcoming review. The fleet was augmented yesterday by the Majestic, 81, Captain James Hope, C.B., from the Baltic; the Ajax, 60, Captain Warden, C.B., from the eastward; the Trusty, 14. steam battery, Captain Campbel3, in charge of the Ma, gicienne, 16, Captain Vansittart, from the eastward; the Thunder, 14, steam battery, Captain Randolph, in charge of the Centaur, 6, paddle frigate, Captain Clifford, C.B., from the eastward; the Forth, 12, screw mortar vessel, Captain Lord John Hay, from Plymouth; the Geyser, 6, paddle sloop, with two gunboats from Liverpool; and the Driver, 6, paddle sloop, Commander A.H. Gardner, with four mortar-boats, from the eastward. The Basilisk, 6, paddle sloop, Commander Crofton, was removed from the steam basin yesterday, preparatory to returming to the fleet. The Victor, 6, screw gunvessel, Commander de Horsey, was taken into dock yesterday. The Admiralty are making extensive preparations for accommodating distinguished personages and official bodies at the forthcoming review. Among the arrangements are the following:- For the Foreign Ministers the Admiralty steam yacht ViNid, Master-Commander Alen, has been appropriated; For the members of the House of Peers the 2,600 tons s^rew ship Transit, Commander Johnson; For the members of the House of Commons the 2,000 tons screw ship Perseverance, Commander Macdonald, and the Porcupine steam tender; For the Admiralty Board their Lordships' yacht Black Eagle, Master Commander Petley, and the steamtenders lightning and Princess Alice; For the Commander-in-Chief, Admiral Sir G. F. Seymour, and the Lieutenant Governor of Portsmouth the steam tender Firequeen; For the Commander-in-Chief at Sheerness the steam tenderWildfire; For the Commander-in-Chief at Devouport the steam tender Avon; For the Admiral-Superintendent at Portsmouth and the Captain-Superintendent at Hasiar the steam tender Sprightly; For the members and friends of the Admiralty department the 1,700 tons screw ship Vulcan and the steam sloop Driver; For half-pay officers of the army and navy the steamvessels Prometheus and Otter. The paddlewheel steanisloop Virago, 6i, was taken from Keyham doclk, and warped to the sheer hulk to be masted yesterday. The crew of the paddlewheel stesrisloop Styx, 6, Coom mander James AL Bruce, were paid down at Plymouth yesterday, and granted six weeks leave of absence. The screw mortar ship Seahorse, 12, Captain LeopoldG. Heath, was warped to her sailing moorings on Monday, and is appointed to leave Hamoaze to-day. The copper of the Calcutta, 84, Captain W. K. Hall, fitting for the flag of Sir Meichael Seymour, has been examined and repaired. She will be taken out of dock at Devonport on Friday. The London, 90, Captain W. H. Jervis, will be taken out of dock at Devonport to-day. She is appointed to sail for Spithead on Friday. The Assurance despatch gunvessel has arrived at Chatham to be made ready for sea. She has been commissioned by Commander Gore Jones, and will have a coriplement of 80 men. A detachment of the Royal Marines, together with some gunners, belonging to the Marine Artlery, joined at Chatham yesterday. Extra hands have been put on this' vessel, with the view of having'her.completed inthe shortest possible time, in order that she may le in readiness to proceed to Portsmouth to take part in the grand naval review. Great activity begins to be perceptible at the offices of the Invalid Depot, Chatham, in consequence of the necessary arrangements that are being made for the discharge from the army of the whole of those non-commissioned officers and men who have completed 25 year service. The new drill battery at the western side of Pembroke Dockyard has been nearly completed by Messrs. regeuna, the contractors. The object of this new practising battery is to afford the troops in garrison, particularly the artMllel, an opportunity of becoming proficient in the great gnu practice, for 'which the broad waters of the Haven awe well Adapted. The alitratio anadimprovements of the fort, under the inspcttion of the Board of Ordnanoe, are nArly fnidhed The oontractors, Meesra, Condre and Co., ate now building a now gaardlouso.
A UrSTRALITA. - - - I~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~LIV ERPOOL, AL'sr 8. The White Star Royal 3fail clipper ship uied Jacleet has arrived with advices from. Melboume to thel2th of January, 100,686 ounces of gold, 1,688 bales of wool, &e., and 280 passengers. Captain Milward, commander of the Red Jacket, died during the voyage home. * From the Mfelbourne Argus we exrsact the following suamary of intelligence - "Gold.-We have little to add to theremarks on this subject in our previous summary. The yield is steady and Increasing, and the mining population generally is in a prosperous condition. The export of the precious metal for l355 has amounted to 110 tons 8 cwt. 3 qrs. 61b, against 88 tons 8 cwt. 3 qrs. 81b. forthe previous year. " The receipts by escort and shipments for 184 and 1Z55 respecively have beena- Rooeived Shipped in Twelve M1onths. in Twelve Mtonths. 1854. 1855. 1854. 1855. Ounces. Oances. Ounces. Ounces. 1,734,446 ... 2,177,887 ... 2,122,596 ..- 2,650,578 " The quarterly statement of the amount of gold brought to Melbourne and Geelong by escort in 1855, compared with the corresponding quarter of 1854, exhibits the folloing results:- 1854. 1855. Oances. Ounces. October . .. ... ... 160,570 194,646 November ... ... .. 134,911 210,847 December ... , .. 145,318 243,732 440,799 649,225 Last quarter of 1854 ... ... 440,799 Increase on the last quarter of 1855 208,426 "The gold brought down by escort from the various goldfields in the months of lNovember and December, 1855, amounted to 454,5791.; and for the corresponding week of 1854 to 290,6361. "We have had only one escort return for the current year, that for the week ended the 5th inst. Ti.e total numn ber of ounces receivedby it amounted to 51,533. "The inorease which these returns exhibit over 1854 is very marked, and the most encouraging fexture is that it has been gradual and uniformly progressive. That this year will exceed 1855 isnotdoubtedbyanyone. Theboundaries of the goldfields are extending, enterprise is more ably directed, and the quartz reefs are of such extent that for centuries they will in all probability defy the power of man to extract theirtreasures. The state of the returns will not admit of our drawing our usual annual comparison in the present summary, but they are so nearly complete that we canpromise them by the mail ship of the 25th of the current month. " The departures of gold ships for foreign ports since the 1st of December have been as follows_ Date of Salling. Ship. Destination. 0r Dec. 4 ... Viceroy ... ... Mauritius ... 155 10 ... Emma ... ... Liverpool ... 41,917 12 ... Queen of the Sieas ... Calcutta ... 2,890 ,,15 ... Admiral ... ..L ondon ... 31,053 ,,18 ... Rajahof Sarawak- ... Calcutta ... 1,303 27 ... Lightning ... ... Liverpool ... 11,639 ,,27 ... BlacL-wall ... ... London ... 86,281 We ought to remark thnt, within the last few months, a considerable proportion of our gold has been shipped to Sydney, to be coined at the mint recently established in that city. It was provided in the imperial regulations that the Sydney coin shall not be a legal tender in the other Australian colonies until a proclamation to that effect has been sanctioned by the local Legislature, and made by the executive. This proclamation has not yet been issued in this colony, and the gold sent to Sydney is paid for by imperial coin. If this continues for any length of time our neighbours will require continually to import sovereigns to pay for our gold. - " Population.-We commence the new year with a population of at least 325,000 souls. Our numbers at the close of 1854 were 273,000. "Trade and Commerce.-Our last summary was issued on the eve of Christmas. Since that period the holydays, the Ministerial crisis, and lastly the sulden death of his Excellency Sir Charles Hothamn, have contribuLted to the stagnation of trade. At this period of the year the wholesale houses do not look for a brisk business, but about a month later the season fairly commences. Many of the country buyers aro already finding their way into town, and a busy season is confidently looked for. We are glad to be able to confirm our remarls of the 24th of December as to the gradual and increasing growth of confidence among our traders, and of the absence of illegitimate slation. - "WooL-The present 'wool season has commencedearlier than usuaL It has rarely happened in previous seasons that more than three or four sales have taken place before the close of the year. On the present occasion there have been about a dozen. Judging from the facts that have reached us, we are of opinion that tie bulkof the crop of this season will be earlier by four weeks, at least, than that of last season. "We may remark that this trade has once more come under the influence of something like system. Wool warehouses are no longer occupied wiih pass'engers, luggage and evidences of European insanity in the shape of unsuitable merchandise; they are again devoted to the use of the staple export for which they were built. The results of the clip of the present. season are not yet sufficiently known to warrant any very reliable statement of the yield; it will be in excessof that of last year certainly, but the ratio of increase wll not be great. The effects of that pest of Australian sheep-runs-scab--will have worl-ed its influence on the progress of this interest. In quality the present clip will, it is expected, excel that of any year since the discovery of gold. The earliness of the season will ensure a greater freedom from burrs and grass seeds, and greater pains have been taken in the washing and shearing. Shipping is plentiful, freights ruling from Ad. to Id. per lb. Charges of carriage from, town to the Bay, fiom 2s. to 3s. Gd. per bale. "Finance.-The financial statement for the quarter and year ended the 31st of December was issued by the Government immediately on the close of 1855. VWile a decrease is shown in the tothl receipts for the year as compared with those of 1854, there is at the same time good reason for congratulating the country on the rapid improvement in some chief sources of revenue, especially in the customs, which may be considered the pulse of the country. It will be observed that there is a falling off in the gold revenues to the estent of about 100,0001.; but, as more than that has been saved in police and in the Gold Commissioner's and other establishments, the measures of last session in reference to the goldfields may be fairly pronounced to be financially successful. The chief decrease in revenue is in that derived from the sale of land; but, as we have before explained, this does not so much arise from the diminished quantity of land purchased as from the greatly diminished price per acre realized. On the Whole the statement of revenue may be pronounced satisfactory. The year 1855 has been a trying-year to the colony.. A commercial crisis was at its height when it was ushered in, and confidencewas nearly prostrato. The expenditure- of the Government was on a recldessly extravagant scale, and in excess of the resources of the colony-magniicent as tho3s resources are, and elastic as they have been proved to be through a long-continued trial of no ordinary intensity. The close of the year witnessed a .very different state of things: confidence has in -the m.in been restored; the Government of the colony hag been carried on with tolerable efficiency; tha amount that Ministers had calculated to be absolutely neoessary s reduced by above a million and a-half of money. The sum of 4,801,2921. was estimated by the Executive, while the gross sum voted by the Legislative Council was under 3,000,0001., exclusive of the debts due to the banks. The estimates for 1856, which were laid on the table of the House by the outgoing Ministry, are framed in the spirit of economy initiated in the past year. The revenue is estimated at 2,738,G001., and the expenditure at 2,792,1521., leaving a deficiency of 53,5521., which it is proposed to meet by a temporary loan, without interest, from the Poundage Fund. "Agricultnre.-We have recorded at various times the progress made during last year in cultivation,' and we -have now the satisfaction of stating that the crops in course of of being garnered exceed in quantity and quality thoce of any previous year. To distant readers, who are but liMte acquainted with our agricultural districts, a succinct stat&. ment of a general character will better convey an idea of agricultural progress than the specific statements wiclh 'reach us from those localities. It is estimated that the are of land under cultivation this year is at leas double that of any former year, and that the produce will be equal to more than the quadruple of any one of the three years preceding. The proportion of wheat to other produce has largely increased, and, although importations.will be necessary, a great a. vance hasbeen made towards establishing the colony as selfausta ing in the article of bread. The xupp3y of hay throughout the country is altogether unprocedented, and although large quantities, which could not be stacked In consequence of the scarcity of labour, have been dedroyed or injured by heavy falls of rain, there iz il suicient, it is computed, to supply the 'wants of the colony Iu this article, whioh has hitherto been exenasvely imported. The growtIh of barley i;, YiTs*oih is lTitch, lkut oat4 M rgelv cultivated, and the produce this year will be greater, than during any former period. A reduction of price has natu. raly followed the increase of production; and, while we congratulate consumers on the cheapened cost of most of theuece6tties of life, weam happy to tt tht current prices and future prospects are satisfactory also to the producers. Good agricultural laud exists in abundince in the neighbourhood of the principal goldfields, and around the rnany villages sPringing np at short distances along the leading roads. Dhiing last Year Iarge quantities of this land were sold, and have been partially cultivated, adding new producing districts to those -hich formerly constituted our only sources of local supply. Contepo, raneously with the extension of cultivation, flour-iila are being erected in anticipation of the harvest, and the population on the goldfields wl this year draw their supplies partly from the contiguous land, instead of incuraing the enormous e-xpense of cartage from Melbourne or Geelong. We look forwardtoastill farther increase of cultivationithis year, and alreadyin some places the plough is busily at work in maiden soil. We desire also to mention that a numerous class of small farmers have lately settled on land purchased from the Grown out of their savings, and appear fully satisfied with the results of their first experiment; while market gardeners have this year derived a greater profit, on the whole, than duing last season. "Accounts from Nlew South Wales, South Ausrali, and Tasmania areas favourable, in reference to the bountifulness of the harvest as those which we furnish of the colony of Victoria; and we may add that nothing seems to be wanted to give perfect success to the laudable efforts of agriculturists but a proper supply of labour, the scarclty of 'which may, at the last moment, wreck the industry of a year. " Gas.-The gas company fulfilled their promise to the people of Melbourne. On the 1st of January, ISSO, gas was supplied to al who had made preparations for its umse. The undertaling has been a gigantic one, and before the operations are completed no less a sum than 150,000I, it is ealculated, wll have been7expended. The amount of the original estimate of cost was 20,DODO. The necessary apparatus for lighting the streets has not yet arrived, but its arrival is hourly expected, and immediately thereafter the full advantage of the gas manufacture will cbe enjoyed by the people of Melbourne. "PoliticaL-Although but a very short time has elapsed since the date of our las' smnmary, the political confusion which subsisted then has [been worse confounded by the death of our late governor, Sir Charles Hotham. "We as yet possess little experience of Sir VWlliam Molesworth's appointmen., but, judging hin by his antecedents, we would rather leave the choice of our new Governor to him than to any colonial Minister who has held office within the scope of our memory. The Cinmcil met yesterday, and an explaation was expected. Mr. mines, however, havingmoved the appointment of a select committee to prepare an address of condolence to Lady Hotham, moved further, that no other business Ehould be proceeded with till this melancholy duty had been done, and the House adjourned almost immediately, without a word of explanation being given. - We believe the most prevalent opinion to be, that Mr. Haines's Ministry wll retain office, but this opinion we do not share. At the moment we write we hear that a requisition to the Mayor of Melbourne, to call a meeting to conside'r the propriety of addressing Her Majesty, praying her to extend to the colonists the privilege of choosing their Governor, has been signed by many influential citizens. "The late Sir Charles Hotham.-The news of the Governor's sudden death spread a deep gloom over the city. All places of amusement were closed. A ball, which was announced to take place at the Exhibition Buildng, was indefinitely postponed; and the same counso was pursued with reference to a dinner to celebrate the lighting of the city with gas, and to the ceremonial of laying the foundation stone of the Western Mark-et. The mortal remains of his Excellency were, on Priday, the 4th inst., interred in the lNew Cemetery, in the presence of an immense concourse-of persons. The spectators included the representatives of every grade of society in Victoria. Ministers of every denomination, the civil and military authorities of the colony, and an immense mass of all classes of colonists, took part in the last ceremonials due from -them to the deceased representative of the Majesty of England. The awful suddennessof the stroke which at a critical moment has deprived the colony of its Governmental head, and a strong feeling which since the death of Sir Charles has gained ground-namely, that his mental faculties had been overtasked by the anxieties of his position-had caused a powerful sentiment of sympathy for the deceased on all sides; and the appeal made to the citizens by his worship the Mayor was, we were glad to observe, very generaUy met. Business was almost entirely suspended throughout the day, and it is well worthy of notice that the conduct of the groups assembled in the streets, both prior to and during the progress of the procession, evinced a proper and decorous bearing consistent -with the solemnity of the occasionThe clergy were represented by about 20 ministers of the church of England, and 40 ministers of other Dersuasions. Among thelatter weretheRoman Catholic bishop and vicargeneral. Nearly 1,000 civilians walked in the procession, exclusive of those we have already referred to. About 200 private carriages and vehicles also followed, conveying at least 250 more persons, and there were alse from 50 to 60 on horseback. The arrangements for moving this inimense mass of people forward were admirably carried out; and in the course of a few minutes, the military band playing the "Dead March," and the mulfled beUs of the cathedral chiming, the gigantic procession moved forwards in perfect order and regularity towards the cemetery, by the route of Collins-street, Elizabeth-street, and northward, passing the Tlniversity." LadyTHotham had engaaged a passage to England on board the Anglesey. In the Legislative Council on the 9th, "The Chief Secretarymoved abrief address of condolence to Lady Hotham, which was unanimously adopted. The Chief Secretary entered into an explanation of the present position of the Ministry, of which the substance vas that he had been requested by his Excellency the Acting-Governor to continue in office in conseauence of the failure of Mr. Nicholson to form an Administration, and that ho had felt it to be his duty to do so. With respect to the ballot, he intended to act as if it had never been affirmed by the CounciL Mr. Nicholson also gave his explanation, of which the substance was, that he could not get a sufficient number of menunited in political sentiment to form a Ministry, and hehad thereforeabandonedthetasl. As to the ballot, hewas prepared to propose certain clauses for incorporation in the ElectoralAct whichwould amplyprovideforits operation. A discussionhavingcommenced on the subject, the Speaker ruled that it was out of order. Mr. Fyfe then moved IIn adjournment. A rather sharp discussion ensued, in the course of -which Mr. Fyfe a. M the Ministry, and Mr. Fawkner attacked the press, and the motion was lost."
TO THE EDITOR? OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I wish to correct an error in your report of my speech. It is reported, "Admiral 'Walker, who commanded the Turkish fleet, asked Sir Robert Stopford to give himn anchors and cables, declaring that he would not desert the Tarldsh troops Sir Robert (as we umderstood) refused the request, ancd pointed out the danger of tho anchorage." I stated the reverse, and read a letter from Sir Baldwin to Sir Robert, in which he states that Sir Robert oonsented to gir ) him anchors and cables. Iremain, Sir, your obedient servant, CHLAJ1EUS NLAJ?UFX. 18, Albem&lestreet,,Apii 8.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer aklmowledges the receipt of a 51.-Uote for unpaid taxes, rOm c"3. A." TE W= mGrON CotLixro-The farst stone o£ this institution, founded in honour of the illustrious Duke wvhose nameit bes, for the educatior of ovpxan sons oE ofiicers of the army and the Bast. India Company's service, will be laid ear - in the ensuing month of 31ay; and wa understand Her Majesty, desirous. or fitrtbe evincing the deep interest she takes in. it suces, and her sympathy ith those whom it is intended to benefit-h'e orphan. sons. of gallant i men who have -fallen, ormay hereafter fall, in thedischarge of-their duty to their country-has signified hepleasure to takepart in the ceremRony. Theoriginal intention wabs to lay the foundstion stoneon the1st of May, the anuversary of the late Dukes birthday, but that has been abandoned, owing to the day this.yearbeing iAccnsion-day. It miny be desirable t soene of our readers to know thab the site of the intended building is about two miles froma the SIiitary College of Smndhu*, oL.the Beading and Euigte FATL CoLastox.-We.extrat the followimgfrora the Gibralar C7hronidei of Xard* 29:-" The -irca screw steamship nn.(of Baroelou . ap,ain German lUrquillas, which was on her way lo ]arlea, Valencia, and ha' laga to Cadic and Li7erl, ex-me nto Uollisic, about 2 a.m., off TariFa, with th g aaih 2 sailrngtrns=t3lnden. which leftour port ysaerday, at 12 oclock- noca, in tow oE the Bustlsrsteamtug, a;d, me1ancholy to re1ate the steaner, which was going at the rate of 10 knots in hour, sank ffve minutes after she strnk, and 18 perasea itis teared, met -ith a watery grve. Captain Marqua is sappose to liave gone down wit ihe vesseL Theiewere, we nnderstad, on bod thesmanerflpersons, icluding thecrew. 21 osdyhavebeen aved,ofwhom17beloe tothe crew. The names of the four passengers are Don Eduarde Heredia, 'Donna Maria Remilia, Donna Tfinid Heredia,ani Don -Joe6 Frapolli, who wre picked up and -brought here bs the Mindea. We likewise leamiat a falucho was obsorved tohe bci,D sight when the accidtat happened, an that the eia oi the port, the ¢,oeaentjthe dreadful intelligence edhimn, deslpatchedt '.e Bostler to the spot to aseerta' sf any more of the pasieugers or crew had becen $erunstel7 Te5Ce. hO Bust¢ -Ls U yet rtvoU@d,
I THE BRITISH ARMY. CAMP BEFORE SEBASTOPOL. MARCH 25. (PROM OU1 SPECIAL CORRFYB DPRT.) tThe following appeared in our second edition of yes- . _-1 The intelligence of the Empress's accouchement 'was known throughout the allied camp early on MEonday morning, and was received with great enthusiasm and satisfaction by our allies and ourselves; but it must be admitted that the subject most near to our hearts out here is one which must naturaly ever hold the first place in the thoughts of an army. Is it peace or war? Of course, the former is regarded as almost certain, but there is an uneasy feeling that it may not last long, and that the aspect of Europe offers few guarantees for its continuance. In the three armies there are many men who hail the approach of peace with irrepressible delight, not because they are any particular philanthropists, or exhibit any decided symptoms of the nwdr&ts BrightiE, but because, having earned, and in some cases hardly earned, rank and reputation, they are content with the laurels they have won, and sigh after the delights of civilized and peaceful society; or because they have discovered amid the rude 4proures of war, and keep the secret to themselves, that they nistook their profession when they bought commissions in the army in its active character. What can a Marshal who has won the highest honours which can be bestowed on a French subject desire more ardently than that he should keep that which he has got, and not run the risk of shattering his brilliant fame against some knotty Muscovite position.? The diefs d'escadron and commandants who want to be colonels, the captains who wish for one more stripe of lace, the lieutenants who hunger after their companies, and the sousofficiers and volunteers who long for their gradesall, in fact, who long'for promotion in the profession they have chosen, utter but one voice, and that is for war, and what is true of that class of men in the :French army is very generally applicable to our own. Of the three armies, that to wtich peace is most distasteful, or at any rate least welcome, is the Sardinian, and, whatever may'be the reason for their opinion, they seem to think that Russia has escaped from the punishment due to her audacity and insolence, by yielding just in the same way that a pothouse bully "slips down" in the ring when he finds he has provoked a thrashing. The military spirit of this little army is only equalled by its efficiency in every department. MIr. Bull, who possibly of late years may have become acquainted 'with the existence of a smnal State in an angle of Northern Italy caled Piedmont, but who assuredly never heard of it " during the Peninsular," wiUl no doubt be surprised when he hears that the Board of able and intelligent officers appointed to report on the huts, hospitals, stables, dc.,. throughout the allied camps, consisting of Lieutenant-Colonel Halliwell, Major Montagn,R.E., Major Newton, R.A., Major Eager, 31st Regiment, and Dr. Paynter, have, in almost every single instance, come to the conclusion that the Sardinian army excels not only the French but the English in its internal economy and arrangements. In one resPect it must be admitted that the Sardinians have had a great advantage over us; they are encouraged to work for themselves, and in makina their huts they had facilities of ground and *abundance of brushwood, of which we were destitute. But the question is should we have used them had wegot them? I confessitwasnot without pain that Isawon theplainof the Tchernaya the otherday the French busy at work on one side cUttinlg down timber and toiling with it slowly up the hill-side to their camp, and the Russians availing themselves of the armistice to collect grass for fuel and reeds for thatching, while our big feUows were loitering about doing nothing. But what will you? How expect a man to work who is discouraged if he does iti? Why, I know a Colonel of a cavalry regiment, who, finding he had some good shoemakers among his men, set them to work to make foot gear for the soldiers, and drew on himself a sharp rebuke from the authorities in consequence, their attention having been drawn to his extraordinary proceedings by anindignant shoe contractor. When I visited Aldershott Camp I was amused to see the soldiery playing gracefuUy about the huts, while a workman at 5s. a-day was laying drainage pipes, assisted by a gentleman who mixed his mortar for him in consideration of the sum of 3s. daily. Now, the Sardinians not only build their own huts but drain their camp. We have sent out huts readymade, and most of them will never be worth removing. The sums thus lost to the country will be enormous, but perhaps it will be better to leave them, if they cannot be sold to some enterprising contractor, than to attempt to carry them away. L the war continues, we shall not, with all our deficiencies, however, fear comparison with either of our allies. Our cavalry is in splendid condition, our artillery is perfect, the horses fit for anything, the men old soldiers, the officers able, zealous, and experienced; our infantry rapidly improving, leavened by the remains of the noble army of 1854, and the arrangements of the Land Transport Corps so well organized as to insure our mobilization, shouild it be required to take the field. What a change has taken place since this time twelvemonth in the aspect of this army! Just as the rows of graves, which were then black unsightly mounds, are now green with verdure, and giving early promise of rich vegetation, so our regiments, broken by war and disease and by the trials of the siege last year, now present a cheerful military appearance, which makes us forget the past and gives assurance that the recruits in their ranks will soon be soldiers. The dull booming of the bombardment, with its fitful throbs, has ceased, and every morning the ear is caught by the strains of the -bands as the regiments march forth for drill and exercise, and the plain flashes with countless bayonets, as the sun glances between the dark rows of the huts, and sends its rays on the paradegrounds. We have perfected the machine for its uses just as they in all probability will cease to exist. Are we to lay it by to rust, to decay, and to grow rotten again; or, by a judicious selection of parts, to have it ready to our hands as nearly as p0ssible fit for work, should it be unfortunately required? Great Britain must make up her mind either to maintain the costly implement in working order, or to abandon the trust confided to all great nations by the very strength and wealth with which Providence has gifted them, and permit the strong hand to rule the destinies of the world. Here follows my diary, such as it is:- SATURDAy-. Sir George MIaclean sailed for England today in the Cape of Good Hope, and I regret to say that the state of his health inspires grave apprehensions among his friends. His mind has been weighed down and overpowered by the re- sponsibility of his position, which, however, he exaggerates and dreads to excess. As there has been a great deal of gossip about the following circumstance in camp, I may as well state what I hear, lest other Versions should be placed before tiie public. Sir Riohard Eyre determined to exhibit his division to the enemy in full fighting form two or three days ago, and, accordingly, the two fine brigades composing it were got under arms in the forenooi, and, with land transport carts and corps, proceeded in heavy-marching order down to the bank of the Tchernay5, below the heights of Inkermann. If this demonstration excited surprise in the French and English camps, it may be easily imagined that t'ne sight of 7,000 or 8,004) men, with carts, mules, &c., marching in apparently hostile array straight towards the enemy's position, excited among them the liveliest sensations of wonder, anger, and alarm. Hastily, assembling a body of four or five. battalions:of infanitry, the Muscovites descended from their heights- also, and, marching down by the swampy marais formed by the Tchernaya as it approaches-the head.of the roadstead of Sebastopol, placedthemselves as,a corps of observation, and hung on every movement of our gallant General and his staff. It is said that his Brigadiers disapproved of the locality selected for the display and manoeuvres of the division, and that tho staff generally felt it would be lkely " to bring on a rowv but Sir Richard Eyre is an officer with a vill of his own, and there is no one among the English Generals here with a character soprononni and resolute as his in most matters relating to officers or soldiers serving under hiu, and so the red coats appeared over the ridges of Inkermarn, supported by their artillery, and apparently doubled in numbers in consequence of the quantity of carts and mules which foUowed them as a divisional land transport. The Russians marched on a parallel line with them, step by step-halted as our men halted, and proceeded with them as they adv-anced, till the field day was over. Sir Richard Eyre might well feel proud of his division, and be anxious to take them a good march to some spot wyhere they could get away from the embarras of the tents, the huts, and the camp enclosures; but there are some people who agree in the propriety of the supposed objections of the Brigadiers and of the staff to the selection of a place so near the enemy as the plains of the Tchernaya for the performance of field day manceuvres or the holding of a divisional inspection and drUll. It was a very pretty sighlt to watch the motions 'of the two bodies of infantry, as the columns of men manceuvred, now visible, now lost to sight among the inequalities of the plain. The men were refreshed by a long halt, during 7which the officers left behind them traces of their presence in the shape of empty bottles and tin cases, and returned in the afternoon, having roused the camp from its monotony for a time, and having started canards, gossip, and small-talk, which are yet lively and interesting. One of these stories is to the effect that the Russian General has made a representation to the English head-quarters respecting the impropriety of the proceeding, and that General Codrington, who paid Sir R. Eyre a visit next day, expressed an opinion coincident with that of General Luders on the subject. QZiea sabe e Sir R. Eyre has perhaps not found those opportunities of distinguishing himself and the fine body of men he now commands which he-so ardently desires, and is resolved to have them in first-rate condition for fighting, if he is lucky enough to get a chance, and he has had little or none since the 18th of June, when his brigade seized the Cemetery and the adjoining suburb outside the Russian works at the Creek Battery, where, if they had had support, they might have turned their success to some considerable account, instead of its being utterly fruitless. The non-commissioned offices of the Rifle Brigade, lstBattalion, performed in the following pieces this evening, and it will certainly put the officers to the best of their mettle to excel them. Comparisons are odious,. and critiques on such occasions are out of place, but it would be unjust to withhold the praise due to Sergeant FothergUll, Corporal Tarrant, and Sergeant Knight for the, propriety, ability, and intelligence of their performance. THEATRE ROYAL, FOURTH DIVISION. This Evening, Saturday, March 22, 1856, Will be performed FISH OUT OF WATER. Sir George Courtly ... Sergeant-Major Noseley, R.B. Alderman Gayfair ... ... Colour-Sergeant Knight, R.B. Charles Gayfair ... ... Corporal Tarrant, R.B. Steward ... ... ... Sergeant Milne, R.B. Sam Savory... ... ... Colour-Seret. Fothergill, R.B. Footman ...u .. ... Sergeant J. Wild, REB. Ellen Courtly ... ... Corporal Stainer, R.B. Lucy (maid) ... . .. ... Sergeant C. Hlill, R.B. After which, DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND. Mr. Heartley ... ... Colour-Sergeant Knight, R.B. Captain Seymour ... ... Sergeant C. Ablitt, R.B. Captain Howard ... ... Q.-3M Sergeant Higgins, R.B. Trap (servant to Seymour) Corporal Tarrant, R.B. Trick (servant to Howard) Colour-Sergt. Fothergill, R.B. Clay ... ... ... ... Sergeant R. Hills, R.B. Charlotte Doubtfull (ward to Old Heartley) ... ... Corporal Stainer, R.B. Doors open at half-past 7: performance to commence at 8 precisely. "God Save the Queen." SUNoDAr. About 10 o'clock this morning the air was filled with the old warlike sounds of a heavy cannonade, and from the direction of the reports many persons thought the northern forts had opened, and that the armistice was at an end. On running up to the rising ground close by, which commands a view of the sea, the fleets at Ka;miesch and Kazatch,or rather the few English and French men-of-war which remain there, the French two-decker in Streletzkabay, and the French gunboat which has got into Quarantine-bay, were seen blazing away, round after round, in that deliberate way which marks a measured salute, and tricolours were visible from every peak and masthead in the distance. Soon afterwards a battery of French artillery near the Woronzoff-road ridge over the plains began to speak, and by counting its 101 voices we learnt that a son had been born to France. An immense body gf our own artillery, the heavy batteries, the field batteries, and the Horse Artillery began to form in line on the heights from the road to the Col, and soon after 12 o'clock the regulated running roll of fire and smoke burst from the line from right to left in welcome to the little stranger, and 101 British guns expressed their satisfaction that another Napoleonhad come intotheworld. Thesight was very fine indeed, for from all the redoubts and batteries in the plain below French and Sardinians seemed to answer our fire, and one might have thought a battle was raging, but for the absence of the rushing sound of the shot. A great number of navvies and sailors turned out from Balaklava to enjoy the sight. The Commander-in-Chief and.the Chief of the Staff were also present. As soon as the news was thus loudly proclaimed the day was devoted to festivity, and a general rush was made to all the canteens, so that towards evening the natural consequences followed, and I, among others, witnessed as pretty a little faction fight in the French camp at Fedukhineo between Artillerymen, Zouaves, Liners, and canteen-keepers, as could have been witnessed in the best days of Tipperary, and was also gratified by many demonstrations of the ente.nte cordiale between the soldiers of the two nations,who did their best to get helplessly " happy together." At night the camps were a blaze of fireKamieschwas illuminated. Every Englishmanwho found himself there was obliged to lose his health in drinking to that of the Emperor. A perpetual fusillade was kept up all, over the plateau. Some tents were burnt down amid the jollifications, andthe Russians must have been in continual excitement from the fireof musketryand the explosion of powder, which raged all over the plateau for several hours. Great banquets will be given in honour of this event, of irhich, indeed, we all appreciate the magnitude and felicity. There will be dinners and balls and theatrical performances, and if peace is proclaimed the Russian Generals will be invited to a grand entertainment at the French head-quarters.' The Sebastopol Spring Meeting will be something for the army to talk about hereafter, and the ga young gentlemen who rode thereat "may make the proud boast to their grandchildren,- some 50 years hence, that they were competitors at'that famous course on the.banks of the Tchernaya, where four greatarmies, *ith their Marshals, Generals, and Jknights in arms, were the spectators. To the French the races were but a prolongation of the festivities peculiarly their own of the previous day, on an oc- casion in which their allies took a deep sympathy;. and to the English it was a national outburst of men deprived for two long years. of Epsoms and Ascots, and even of garrison races. Oar allies, too, won a fair proportion of the honours of the day, and M. de Talon, on his Irish racer " Paddy Boy," and M. le Capitaine Cornat, of the Chasseurs d'Afrique, on his fiery -little pony Biquet, " wiped the eyes" of the " haughty islanders" in their own pet recreation. The former gallant and noble officer presents a curiouis example of the peculiar formation of the French army in his own person. He is a private soldier, or at most a non-commissioned officer-a marechal de logis ;-and yet he associates with the best men . among his countrymen, and is not utterly slighted even by the i,nmortels or the 6tat major of the army. He entered the army as a volunteer when the war broke out; and he speedily distinguished himself on our racecourses by the judgment and boldness of his riding, which indeed betoken some knowledge of the English racecourse. A fair hot sun rose from behind the sharp ridges of Baidar, and stole over the ice and snow covered mountains which hem in the distance the plains of the Tchernaya, with such a promise of a fine day as would have made oiur Epsomites happy for 12 hours, at all events. Two hours before noon the camps from Kamiesch to Kamarawere studded with groups of men, on horse and foot, converging on the plains below the Feddukhine heights by the banks of theI Tchemaya, and as the time wore on these groups swelled into masses of men, and armies were on theI move for the races; along every highway-by the cross-paths, through passes amid the canvass towns, I through the lines of sheds and huts, along the tho- I rougchfares, and by secret artful short cuts-streams of men in every variety of gay military costume, mounted on all kinds of horseflesh, assilesh, and their combinations, moved quickly over, and gathering as they went came like a great wave to the edge of the heights of Balaklava, by the ascent of the Woronzoff-road, and surged downwards in great masses on the plains below. The Russians, whose nerves must 'be of the strongest if they are not tried severely by these erratic proceedings, crowned the opposite heights or slowly descended into the pLain from their camp behind Mackenzie's Farm to the river's edge. The course was, as it were, enclosed by a vast amphitheatre of hils and cliffs, the seats being occupied by friends on one side and by enemies on the other, and in tne midst flowed the turbid waters of the Tchernaya, which have already witnessed two battles, the fame of which will never die. On one of the many hillocks with which the plain abounds the French, with that wonderful taste which seems instinctive in them, and which we applaud widhout an effort to imitate, had formed a sort of dais provided with seats, surroiunded with tricoloured flags and green trees, cedars from the valley, and a trench to keep out the polloi, -and inside the enclosure were gay tents, concealing stores of refreshments, and more tricolours, and casts and carvings of eagles with expanded wings, as if anxious to take a flight to the summit of Macken7ie's Farm. If a stranger were to, arrive on the spot he would no doubt have said that the races were got up by the French, and not by ourselves. As these solid masses of men concentrated on the plain-as these swarms of cavalry, very irregular it must be owned, closed in and formed in two prodigious columns face to face by the sides of the course-it must be supposed that, taking it all in all, the world never saw thelike of such a meeting under such circumstances. The bright huesof theuniforms; the blaze of scarlet, of silver, of gold; the flashing of many colours; the sudden combinations which gathered for a moment of green and blue, and yellow and red, and purple and gray, and white and orange, and pink and scarlet, and then were ost for ever; the clang of many voices, the neighing and tramp of horses, excited beyond all bounds by such a festival in honour oftheir powers, the crash of martial music, the associations of the place, the dark masses of the distant enemy above, the lines of armed sentries patrolling the banks-all these formed a chaos for the sight, the ear, and the fancy to distract themselves on at pleasure, which forbade the control of the intellect, and forced the mind to yield to the excitement of the hour. The British bat pony, the hardest used, the oftenest jumped, the heaviest loaded, and the lightest fed of his race, even ventured to neigh and caper on the occasion, and to give small " croppers" to his lord and proprietor-and melancholy Land Transport Corps mokes kicked up wantonly, and in assininemeditation fancy free browsed on imaginary thistles. Just imagine this comitatus of the three armies, numbering some 40,000 men, of which a large number were cavalry, clad in gay uniforms, bent on saciificing to Pollux, and Momus, and Bacchus, and every other Olympic of a sporting turn, and with light and jocular tastes and habits, and say if it could be described. The place itself, rank with the scent of battle, with the unknown graves of the 25th of October not far distant, suggested many a sad but glorious recollection, which came now and then across the merriest of us all; nor could I, when gazing on yonder steep road from which we debouched on our way, for better or worse, from the Belbek to Balaklava, forget the many joyous hearts which then, as our columns rolled down on this very plain, beat high in the hope of future triumphs, but whose throb is now stilled for ever, or the host entombed in the mud and misery of the plateau above us ! But here, with a brilliant staff and a gorgeous following, comes Marshal Pelissier, guidons and eagles and war horses, bits champing, swords ringing, spurs jingling, and horses neighing. ZfagI14 comitantj caterv4, he prances onwards towards his place on the platform, and as General Barnard approaches soon afterwards the French band play " God Save, the Queen," and the English General was cordially received by the French Commander-in-Chief. Sir W. Codrington was later in the field, and, much to the regret of certain transgressors, was not always in the same place, for, espying a rabble. ment of officers, men, and soldiers on the wrong side of the Tchernaya fraternizing with the Russians, he sent a picket at the double upon them, took the privates prisoners, and " took the names " of the officers through the instriumentality of a calligraphic Colonel. Sir Villiam, be it known, is irreverently termed by godless subalterns "Coddy," and is said to evince the greatest talent in managing the smaller details of military duty, withwhich he is perfectly acquainted. "Among the nobility and gentry present we observed"reallythe Army List must do the rest. Everyone was there who is out here-General della MIarmora and his staff were present, as they always are on such occasions. The French mustered in force, and nearlyaZl our Generals, Brigadiers, and Colonels were present, . but I did not see Sir Colin Campbell amohg the spectators. There were several. military b ands among the crowd, and it was odd enough tog find yourself by the. verge of a rifle-pit, fr6om .hiqh: little , fierce ,,puffs, ?f smoke and pellets .of ,gry .lead. were flying a. month ago,as y.o:were,,listening , . in - great serenity .to .a bit fr6m, NaZkuo or n Trovtore. Nor were-greater clarms-out of complimient to the sex be it saidwanting, although they were in very small proportion indeed-" Yery little bread to a great deal of Eack!" In addition to the ordinary-I mean usual -" Virgo atut nWmro?w Br2annica errans," or the "sAmao.7a campestris e7ratica," who is commo'ly to be seen, there were some canteen-cartloads of canlti#ires from Kamiesch, and a donky carriage or two full of ladies from the same distinguisheed neighbourhood. There were canteens, tents, and stands on the spot, but, so far as I could see, no acknowledged professor of thimble-rig. Mrs. Seacoal was there with a store of thirst-compelling and thirst-assuaging edibles and drinkables, and so was W. J. Smith of London, and so was Oppenheim, and so was Fortuinatus Pellatt of NTarzetti, and so was Private Jean Frangois Mfarie. Bonnechose of the 1st Zouaves, with a bottle of brandy and one pound of sugar, ready to meet all comers at 10 sous a-go. Besides, many hospitable regiments had sent tents or carts upon the ground, not forgetful of the Derby; and there, at artillery cart, or 19th tent, or 44th tent, or commissariat tent, &c., might all comers who were asked get much better treated and at smaller cost than even at John Francis Maria's. The Ruskies, who had two small peletons of cavalry in observation early in the forenoon, sent down many representatives before the races began; ancd we saw a small body of cavalry, which had remained stationary up till 11 o'clock on the ground whence the last Russian field battery played on the 16th of August, advance towards the stream soon afterwards. Several officers, attended by a guard of Cossacks, came close to the water's edge, and some French officers went across and conversed with them for some time. It was understood that the chief officer present was General Luders, and that the French passed the boundary for the purpose of asking him to come over to the races, but that he declined. Some of his officers were not so difficult, for I saw two of them in company with some French officers at our side of the river and among the horses, just beforo one of the races was run, looliing with great satisfaction at all around them. " Clear the course !" There's Major Astley, with a long whip, which he uses most scientifically, shouting as if he had a thousanda-month for doing so, and galloping frantically through the British soldier and the French milifaire generaUy. The trumpeter of the 11th Hussars sounds the something or other, and the first race begins at 12.30 p.m. Here is the programme. I hope you will find room for it SEBASTOPOL SPRING MTETING, MONDAY, MAncir 24. Head-quarters-Captain Ponsonby, Grenadier Guards. Honorary Secretary and Treasurer-Major Wombwell, 46th Regiment. A HaanDicAP SWEEPSTAKES of 11. each, half-forfeit, with 251. added, for all ponies 14 hands and under. Half a mile on the flat. st. lb. Captain Perrin's, 90th, br p the Italian ... ... 11 0 Mr. C. Sanderson's,V.S., R.A., gr mLittle Thought- of... ... ... .. ... 10 0 ir. Paske's, 95th, b p Interpreter .11 2 Captain Roper's, 47th, ch p ... ... ... ... 10 7 Mr. Codley's, 56th, b p Gratiano ... ... 10 4 Alr. Swinhoe's, 95th, b p Darby ... ... ... 10 12 Captain Cornat's. Chasseurs d'Afrique, gr p Biquet 10 12 Mr. Shee's, 7th Fusileers, Bill Dowvney . .. ... 10 7 Captain Norris's ch p Border Chief . . 9 12 Captain Halliday's, S2d, bp The Friend ... ... 10 12 Captain the Hon. Forbes -'s b p ... ... .. 10 2 Mr. Batiscombe's, 4th, b p Sultan ... .... ....10 0 M1r. Watson's, 7th Fusileers, Bono Johnny .. 10 7 Mlr. Kater's, b p The Novice ... ... ... ... 10 2 Captain the Hon. B. Mostyn's, Scots Fusileer Guards, b pArtllery ... ... ... ... ... ... 10 10 Mr. Lee's, 21st Fusileers, gr p Rocket ... 10 7 Mr. Breiiian's, ILA., grp General TomThumb 10 4 Captain Bisset's, 55th, Champaigne ... ... 11 4 Mr. Molesley's, 20th, b p Jem Crow . . 11 0 Air. Glynn's, R.B., oh p Villikins . . 10 7 General Cassaignole's b p Ali ... ... ... ... 10 4 Mr. Harrison's, 62d, bp ... ... ... ... 10 7 Captain Duff's, 23d, b p C. P . . ... ... 11 10 Captain Margesson's, 56th, b p Sammy ... .. 10 4 MIr. Price's, 11th Hussars, b p Charley ... .. 10 2 General Moris's b p Diamant ... .. ... .. 10 4 Mr. Clarke's, D.A.C.G., ch p Bombardier ... .. 10 7 Captain Randulph's, Grenadier Guards, Proverbial Philosophy . ... ... .. .. ... 10 0 Captaini Turner's, 79th Highlanders, b p Jerry ... 10 2 Captain Barron's, 82d, b p Brandy ... .. .. 10 0 Captain Pigou's, R. A., b p Powder Monkey ... 10 7 Mr. Sandewn's r p BiUl Button. 11 0 Mr. Dixon's, 11th H ussars, g p Billy the Bea 11 4 Colonel Waddy's, 50th, Inkermann . . 10 2 Captain the Hon. R. Mostyn's, r p NicHle Bucket 10 0 Dr. Fogo's, R.A., oh p Chopkins ... .. ... 10 10 Major Nerge's, 55th, b pBashi-Bazouk ... .. 11 Capt. Foster's, 4th, the Moke ... . .. ... ... 10 2 Mr. Goff's, 50th, Selim ... 10 2 Mr. Wynne's, Gren. Guards, bp Kickem-off ... 9 12 SECOND RACE. A SWEEPSTAKES of 51. each, with 501. added, for all homses, 12st. 71b. each. Previous steeple chase winners anywhere once, 71b. ; twice, 101b.; thrice or more, 141b. extra. Two miles over the Steeplechase Course. 101. for the second horse. Viscount Talon's b g Paddy Boy, 12st 71b (Owner.) Mr. Price's (1lth Hussars) br g Old Tom, 12st 71b (Capt Connell, R. A.) MHr. Wilkin's (llth Hussrs) br m Dinah, 12st 71b (Owner.) Major Lindsell's (28th) bl h MIangan, 12st 71b (Owner.) Capt. Smith's'(R.A.) b-Muster.Roll, l:ist (MajorYelverton.) Capt. Goodlake's b m Bethsheba, 12st no (Jones.) TnrnD RACE. A HxmDicAP SWEEPSTAKES of 31. each, half-forfeit, with 301. added, for all ponies 14 hands 2 inches and under. One mile over the steeplechase course. 51. for the second horse. st. lb. Capt. Heyman, R.A., b p Bantam ... ... ... 10 4 Capt. Duff, 23d, b p C.P. ... ... ... ... 10 7 MIr. Booth, A.C.G., br p Tooralloo ... ... ... 11 2 Capt. Nortis, R.B., ch p Border Chief ... . 10 4 Mr. Coote, 46th Regt., ch p the Maniac ... . 10 4 Mir. Knox, S.F. Guards, b p Shumla 11 0 Capt. Morant, Gren. Guards, b p Clinker . 11 1 Mr. Lee, 21st, gr p Rocket ... .. ... ... 10 4 Capt. Maule, 82d, ch p Peeler ... ... ... ... IO4 Capt. Goodlake, Cold. Guards, ch m Mother Ida (late Portia) ... ... ... ... ... ... 11 4 3L De Damas', Chass. dc'Afriqu, b h Lusteer ... 10 4 Major Wombwell's, 46th, b p The Dark-un . .. 10 4 MIajor Garrett's, 46th. gr p Brass Hat .. -.. 10 10 Lieut.-CoL Campbell's, 46th, b pAl Bey... 10 4 Capt. Vaughan's, 68th, oh p Growler 11 2 Colonel Waddie's, 50th, gr p Skcy Rocket. 10 4 Mr. Breman's, R.A.,gr p_General Tom Thumb 10 4 Mr. Glynn's, R.B., ch p Villikins - -..... ... ... 10 4 FoumTH RACE. A SWEEPSTAKES of 51. each, with 501. added, for all horses. lst. 71b. each. Wiuners once, 71b.; twice, 101b. ; thrice or more, 141b. extra. One mile and a half on the flat. 101. for the second horse. st. lb. MIr. Price's, 11th Hussars, Liilington (late Lascelles) 12 7 Captain Forde's, 46th, b m Forget-me-not ... ... 11 7 Captain Goodlake's, Coldstream Guards, b n Beth- seba ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 117 Captain Grey's, Land Transport Corps, b ra Currer .11 ... ... ... .117 Captain Lambert's, R.E., br b Zonave ... ... 11 7 Captain Montgomery's oh h Inquire . . 11 7 Captain Sauderson's, R.., ch h Chay ... 11 7 Captain Bissett's, 55th, b m i ate . .. .. . 12 7 General Rose's Mirabolant ... ... ... ... 11 7 FBTn RACE. A SWvEEPsTAKEs of 31. each, with 301. added, for Turkish, Arab, Barbs, and Spanish Horses. flst each. Indian Arabs 101b extra. One mile, flat course. I s~~~~~~~~~~~~~~t. lb. BL de Nerhui's, 4th lussars, ch h Sultan ... .. 11. 0 General Cassaignole's b h All 11 0 Mr. Wingfield's b p the Turk ... 11 0 i. BBugead's d'Isly, 2d Chasseurs d'Afrique, gr h Genvis ... ... ... ... 11 0 MI. Jaillet's, Chass. d'Afrique, gr h Ai - n 0 Ident.-Col. Campbell's h h Ai Bey ... ... 11 0 Captain Vaughan's, 68th, ch pGrowler ... ... 11 0 Major Glynn's, R.B., gr p-ill ... ...11 0 Mfr. Eyre's, A.D.C., gr h Cossack .U...L 0 !General C,ssaignole's, b h Norasch ....11, 0 iC eerthuis, Chasseurs d'Aqne, Beyront... I M.~Gourd',3dChasseursd'M iqne, gr hNalafat ... 11 0 !r. Painter's, Scots Fusileer Guards, hr h Abd-el- Nader -. ..-. . . . IMr. Cumming's, 79th B gment . g r h namara ... 11 0 Captain Brabazon's , B.i, Chutny.11 10 Mr. Powell's, T.C., eporello ... ... t 0 SuXTc RACM. A HLtcK RACEL-A Sweepstakes of 1U. each, with 20!. added, for all horses which have never started for any race where public money was added. Catch weights. Hal a mile on the flat. Postentrance. The races were as follows :- FrIsT RACE. Captain- Comat's (Cssnreurs d'Afrique) g p Biquet, IMlat2lb (Ow&,e) ... -... ... .. .. ..1 CAptain Duffs (23d R.W.F.) b p C.P, fst. 0lib. (Mir. Hardy, 19th). ... .. - 2 MAjor Werge's (55th) -]Bashi-Bauk, list 41b Owner) ... ... ... -... ... ... ~37 also started.. Betting.-3 to 1 each pgainst C. P., Billy the Beau, and Bashi.Bazouk. Billy the Beau jumped off with the lead, which he kept to the distance, when the French horse came out, and, followed by a rack, won without an effort by three lengths. SECOND RACE. Vscount Talon's b g Paddy Boy, 12st 71b (Owner) ... 1 Captain Smith's (R.A.) b g Muster Roll, 13gt (Major Captain Goodlakce's bm Bethsheba, 12st 7i (Mr. Jones) 3 Mr. Price's (llth Hussar3) bg Old Tom, 12st 71b (Captain Connell, R.A^.) .. .. .. .. .... 4 Mangan; andDinah also started. Muster Ioll was the favourite. On passing the stand the firat time round Old Tom was first, making the pace very fast, followed, in succession by Bethsheba, Dinah, and MIuster RolL The Viscount, on Paddy Boy, waited all the way until the last hurdle, when, calling on his horse, he passed the others, and won easily by three lengths. Dinah was fifth, and Mangan did not pass the post. TIID.RAcE. Captain Morant's (Gren. Guards) b p Clinker, fist llb (Captain Peacock, 30th) .. . .1 Mlr. Beeman's (R.A.) g p General Tom Thumb, l0st 41b (Owner) .:. ... ... ... .2 Major Wombwell's (46th) b p the Dark-un, list 41b (Mfr. Lawson, 46th) ... ... .. .. . S Captain Doff's b p C. P., lOst 71b (Mr. Hardy, 19th) ... 4 Clinker (the favourite) made his own running, was never caught, and won as. he liked by five lengths. FOUITH RACZ. Mr. Price's (11th Hussars) Lillington (lateLascelles), 12st 71b (Owner) ... ... ... ... ... ... Capt. Lambert's (R.E.) br h Zouave, l1st 71b (Major Wom'owell, 46th, . ... .... 2 Six others started. -Lillington was the favourite. He waited all the way, and won easily by two lengths. Currer Bell was run against, and her shoulder put out. FH RACE. Captain Brabazon's (R.A.) Chutny, lst 101b (Owner) 1 Captain Vaughan's t68th) c p Growler, 1ist (Mr. Wood- man, 39th) ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 2 14 others also started. The Frenclh horses made the running, but the pace was too good, and they were eventually passed by Chutny and Growler, and after an exciting race Chutny won by a length and a half. SLXTIH RACE.-THE HACK. RACE. Capt. Brine's, R.E., c g Warrior, (Mr. Lawsono, 46th)... 1 Col. Arthur Hardin"e's blk m Elizabeth ... ... ... 2 Mtr. Dixon's, 1st R. D., b m Little Kate (Mr. Cole, 7th Fusileers) ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 3 Mfajor Bright's, 19th, b g Moose (Mr. Browne, 19th) ... 4 Little Rate the favourite. Won by a length. A head between second and third; half a length between the next two. SEVENTH RACE. Mr. Price's (11th ussars), hr g Old Tonm, 1ist 71b (Mr. Wilkins, 11 th Hussars) ... ... 1 Capt. Goodlake's b m Beth.sheba. 12st (Mr. Jones) ... 2 MSIajor Bright's b g Moose; list 71b (MIr. Browne, 19th) 3 Won cleverly.
STATE OF TBADE. MANKCHESTER, APmr= 8. We have had a quiet market in yarns, but prices are very firm. Cops are in rather more demand and tending upwards. Sellers report them -d. over the price of last veel and for some of the finer and scarcer counts buyers have had to give Ad. per lb. advance. For export there is not much business; but such- orders as come to hand are given out without much reserve, from a feeling that terms will not come lower at present. For shirtings there is but a moderate demand, but in goods made from fine yarns there is more business, aud at advanced rates. A more healthy feeling prevails than for some time past. Messrs. John Slagg and Co. report- ", The advanced prices asked on Tuesday last have been firmly adhered to throughout the week, aud business has in consequence been much restricted, as shippers seem determined to hold back as long as possible. There is, however, a steady business doing in many kinds of goods for the home trade, and prices are tending upwards." LEEDS, A1itL 8. The woollen-cloth trade continues steady, and prices are without alteration. The attendance in the cloth-halls today was of an average character for a Tuesday's market, and a fair amount of cloth changed hands; but some of the merchants did not operate so freely as they have done in the last few preceding markets. The rePOrt of this day's lIuddersfleld market is of a satisfactory character. The market has been visited by a large number of buyers, and more sales were effected than-on any late market-day. Both plain and fancy goodzs are in active demand, and prices have a slightly upward tendency.
I FOREIGN INTTELLIGBRTCE. RUSSIA. I JAportion of the following appearea in our second edition 4 _ . 1~~ (BY SUBARME AND ? En in T=rGAPr.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Berlin correspondent:- "BERLIN, TUESDAY, AP}rIL 8. "The Russian -Minister of Finance notiffed on the 5th inst., at St. Petersburg, that a treaty of peace having been signed, the nerchant vessels of the Western Powers will be admitted into Russian ports. "The bloc1kade of the Russian ports has been raised." FRANCE. (FRoM oulR owN oovvxsPoN]ser.) PARIS, MO.SDAY, APuiL 7, 6 P.r. The sitting of the Congress fixed for this day has been put off till to-morrow. The comnmission of Austrian and Russian officers charged vith the rectification of the frontier of Moldavia are at present in Paris, awaiting the orders of the Congress to set out on their mission. It is said that the Russian Plenipotentiaries proposed that Count Buol, Aali Pasha, and M. de Bourqueney should form the commission for the definitivearrangement of the3loldo-Wallach4i2Government, but that the proposition was not accepted. It is probable that the choice will fial on persons who have not talken a direct part in the conferences. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received "- MRSETLTLS, AP=I 6, Evxsuco. "The Tage has just arrived, with accounts from Constantinople to the 27th ult. "The prisoners who had beenexchangedfor Russians taken at Kinburn have arrived at Constantinople, and give very interesting details relative to Odessa. "The French line-of-battle ships Trident, Marengo, Jupiter, Jena, and Hercule, hadarrived inthe Bosphorus from Toulon. "Several manifestations hostile to the reforms lately decreed have taker. place in different towns of Asia. " At Aidin the Christians were ill-used, and at Ismid the English cavalry had to put down an 6mciute of the Tarkish population. " Accounts from Tunis of the 28th mention the arrival there of the-French General Perigot from Algeria, charged with a mission to the Bey. The Bev is about to send one of his grand dignitaries to Paris on a mission to the Empe. ror Nlapoleon. "A A shock of earthquake had been felt in the island. of MEytelene, by which several houses were -more or less injured.." I " VIENNA, ArRnL 7. " It is stated that the Austrian army in the Principalities has already begun to withdrawfrom those provinces."' "BERLIN, APRIL 6. "The Prussian Monitcur publishes a decree of the MIinister of Comrnerce, containing the following measures for restricting the negotiation of securities at the Bourse:- "1. The sworn brokers caunot negotiate foreign securities until they have been completely paid up, and only for cash. 2. National shares not completely paid up, provisional receipts, &c., cannot be negotiated except for cash. 3. Foreign shares, loans, &-c., ,not completely paid up caunot be negotiated in any way, either for cash or otherwise. "1 The 3inister calls on the agents of the Bourse to apply the regulations of May, 182-5, according to which persons who do not belong to that body, but who do business for others, can be removed from the Bourse, unless they are sworn brokers. Lastly, the Ministerial decree demands an examination of the question whether the propagation of non-official bulletins of prices cannot be prevented by administrative or legislativo measures." The conclusion of peace and the withdrawal of its restrictive measures by the Bank of France have as yet exercised no influence on the commercial situation of Paris. The torpor of the Bourse, although produced by local causes, continues to paralyze transactions. Some houses received during the week fresh demands from England and Germany, and important orders are expected from the United States by the next packets. Goods of every description have of late considerably risen, and their sale has accordingly become difficult. Foreign commission agents hesitate to accept the new prices, and the manufacturers, obliged to augment the wages of the operatives, and to pay very high for raw materials, cannot consent to an abatement. An advance of from 20 to 25 per cent. has taken place in the price of diamonds, which are being bought up for Russia. The accounts from the industrial districts are satisfactory. At Rouen, Mulhouse, Lyons, <tc., the manufactor-jes are all busily at work, and transactions pretty active. Wool and silk maintain their firmness. The price of wheat exhibits everywhereadownwardtendency. Theaccounts from the departments received yesterday announce a further fall of from If. to If. S0c. per hectolitre. Flour declined in the Paris Ealle from 2f. to 3f. per sack during the week, the best sorts only fetching about 83f. per sack of 159 kilogrammes. The stock remaining in the market on Saturday was 30,835 metrical quintals. At 3Marseilles the large sales of grain by auction which recently took place, ancd the announcement that, theEmperor Alexander having raised the prohibition on the export of corn, an entire Russian fleet, laden with grain, had clearedoutof theDanube,partlyboundforINarseilles, had caused a further depression of about 4f. per measure of 160 litres. On the 5th hard wheat from Algeria sold for 38f. and 38f. 50c. The growing crops all over the, country present the most cheering appearance. The deficiency in the produce of last year,officially estimated at seven millions of hectoEtres, has been in a great measure made up by foreign importation. F?rom August, 1855, to the 1st inst., 4,600,000hectolitres were landed in French harbours. The remainder can be easily procured before the 31st July. The price of wine,shows a decided tendency to decline. Purchasers, anticipating a further depression,withholdtheirdemands, andlittle business is accordinglly done. Advices from the South describe the vines as in a more promising condition than at the corresponding period of last year. Still no opinion can asyetbe formedrespecting the result of the vintage, the vines being too backward to admit of an appreciation. LFanguedoc brandies sell in Paris at 160M. per hectolitre, and spirits extracted from beet at 9,1. The Three per Cents. closedto-dav at 73f. 20c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. S5c.; and the New Loan at 73f. S0c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,3101.; Great Northern, 1,035f.; Strasburg, 1,025f.; New Shares, 860f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,357f. 50c.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,620f.; Western of France, 900f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 772f. 50c. ; Great Central of YFrance, 658f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 802f. 50c.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,6M7. 50c.; Austrian Railways, 915f. Cours Authentiquc-PARIs, April 7.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. 4not reunbursable for 10 years), 92}. 75c. 93f. ; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 94f. 25c.; ditto Certificates (5G per cent. paid), 94f. 25c.; Three per Cents., 72£. 70c. 65c. 70c. G5c. i5c. ; ditto first Loan of 1855 (80 per cent. paid), 721. 60c. ; ditto second. Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 73f.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 73f.; Bank of France, 3,700f. 3,90M.; Credit Foncier, 725f. ; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Three per Cents., 400f1- Credit Mobilier, 1,687f. 50o. 1,682f. 50c. 1,635f. 1,6SOf. 1,S2f. 50c. 1,637f. 50c.; Discount Bank;, 60f. 647f. 50c.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 94f.; ditto Three per -Cents., 61f. 50c.; Austrian Five r Cents., 90; Belgian Four-and-a.Halfper Cents., 97.l; Pomuans, 91; Spanish Interior Debt, .43. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 2Sf. 371c.; three months, money, 24lf. 923c. AUSTRIA. (FRON OUR OWN CORRESPOND-NT.) VIENNA, APRIL i. There was some improvement in Government stock to-day, but a slight fall in all kdnds of indust-id paper. The life of Baron Sina, the richest Vienna banker, -was despaired of last night.
H3IONY-AEARKNT.id O0ITYINTRLLIGpNOc. Tuesday Evening. The quotation of gold at Paris is about 5 per milIe premium (according to the last tariff), which, at the English Mint price of 31. 17s. 10;d. per oz. for standard gold, gives an exchange of 25.29; and, the exchange at Paris on London at short being 25.37i, it follows that gold is about 0.32 per cent. dearer in London than in Paris. B advices from Hamburg the price of gold is 426 per mark, which, at the English lint price of $1. 17s. 10jd. per oz. for standard gold, gives an exchange of 13.56; and, the exchange at Hamburg on London at short being 13.7i, it follows that gold is 0.98 per cent. dearer in London than in Haraburg. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days' sight is 109. per cent., and, the par of exchange between England and America being 109 23-40 per cent., it follows that the exchange is nominally 0.17 per cent. in favour of England; and, after making allowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves a trifling profit on the importation of gold from the United States. The English funds to-day were aggain heavy during the earlier hours of business, but a large arrival of Australian gold and higher prices from Paris caused the market ultimately to assume a tone of finnness. Consolsfor money were first auoted 92s to I, whence they declined to 92g. At the official cIose the prices were 921 to i for money and 93. to i for the 8th of May, and after regular hours there was an improvement of an eighth. The demand for money was very active, both in the Stock-Exchange and out of doors, the shipments of gold to the East, for the Turkish Loan and other payments, continuing to produce an adverse effect, although the general state of the continental exchanges is favourable. Bank Stock left off at 213 to 215 ; Reduced, 91-i to New Three per Cents., 924- to 93; India Stock, 226 to 229; India-bonds, Qs. to 4s. discoLnt; Exchequer-bonds, 98 to i; and Exchequer-biUs (March), Is. to 4s. premium; (June), 2s. discount to par. Foreign securities were steady, and prices exhibited increased firmness in the later hours of business. The general transactions comprised-Buenos Ayres, 60; Ecuador, 54-; the News Consolidated, 15; Granada Diew Active, 21V; the Deferred, 7g and; Greek, 6-r and 7; Mexican, for account, 22r!-, 231, and 23; Peruvian Three per Cents., for account, 55oo; Russian Five per Cents., 106; Sardinian, for account, 951-; Spanish, for account, 45W and ;Z; the New Deferred, for account, 251 and 2S; Spanish Certificates, 5a and I ; Turkish Six per Cents., for money, 101i-; for the account, 101A n"d 43; the Four per Cent. Guaranteed, for account, 1Ol1' and 7b; Venezuela, for account, 30, 29, and 29A; the Deferred, 12J-; and Dutch Twoand-n-Half per Cents., (4. Transactions in New South WVales Government Debentures took place at 96. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon there was no alterathon of importance, and the rates of last Friday -were fully maintained. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 73f. for money and 73f. 55c. for the end of the month, showing an improvement of more than a quarter per cent., with a preponderance of speculative purchases. The Red Jacket, which sailed from Port Phillip on the 11th of January, has brought 100,686 ounces of gold, valued at 402,7001. The iMIaid of Judah is alsoreported as having arrived from Sydney, whence she sailed the 5th of January, but is not believed to have brought any gold. Ar. Lowe's Joint-Stock Companies Bill, in its amended form, has just been printed. It is to be called the Joint-Stock Companies Act of 1856, and is 'not to apply to banking or insurance establishments. Under its provisions any number of persons not less than seven may constitute themselves an incorporated company, wiith or without limited iabilty; and afterthe 3d of November next no body of persons exceeding 20 in mnber, lunless they are empow-ered by Parliament, or by charter, or nder the Stannaries jurisdiction, areto associate as a company, except in conformity therewith. A memorandum of association is to be lodged with the registrar of joint-stock companies, giving the name and objects of the company, the mode of liability, wether limited or unlimted, its capital and' number of shares, with the total taken by each subscriber. It may also contain regulations for the management of the undertaking, and, if these are omitted, the company are to be boumd by a certain set of regulations inserted in a schedule of the act. Each company is to keep a register of shareholders, to be coupled with an annual summary of its position as regards capital, the calls made, and the amounts of calls paid and overdue. The list of shareholders is to be open to the inspection of shareholders gratuitously, and to other persons on payment of Is. Special resolutions may be passed by three-fourths in number and value of the shareholders, and copies of such resolutions are to be forwarded to the registrar within 15 days. Upoh the application of one-fifth in number and value of the shareholders in any company the Board of Trade may appoint an inspector to examine and report on its affiirs, or the shareholders in general meeting may appoint inspectors of their own, the officers of the company being bound imder penalties to produce all books and documents. The liability of shareholders is to continue in unlimited companies for tnree years after they may have transferred their shares, and in limited companies for one year for any amount of their shares remaining unpaid. A company may be wound up upon a resoltion to that effect in general meeting, or whenever it suspends its business for the space of a year, whenever the nuniber of slarehol(lers is reduced below seven, whenever it is unable to pay its debts, or whenever it has lost three-fourths of its capital. Any company neglecting for three weeks to meet a claim exceeding 501. is to be deemed unable to pay its debts. The Court may appoint " official liquidators" to do everything necessary for winding up. The bar silver brought by the last West India steamer has been sold at the previous price of Gld. The dollars have not vet been disposed of. A meeting of the Deposit and General Life Assumance-oflice was held to-day; but the directors considered it expedient to avoid publicity. The London and County Bank have announced that Mlessrs. Philip Patton Blyth, J. C. Ewart, 3I.P., and William Lee, MI.P., have to-day been elected directors of that establishment. A t the annual meeting of the Company of Copper Aliners of England, held to-day, the dividends declared were at the rate of 7-j per cent. on the preference shares, and at the rate of 2 per cent. on the original stock. Subioined are the provisions of the newi measure by which the Chancellor of the Exchequier contemplates the possibility of preventing English fire insurances from being effected in foreign offices. All persons acting in the slightest degree as agents in such cases are to be compelled, inder a penalty of 1001. per day, to take out a license similar to that required by the English offices, and to pay duty. It is likewise stipulated that every insui'ance on property in England is to be liable to duty, whether the policy be issued here or in a foreign country. The means by wlich this stipulation is to be enforced re,main yet to be ascertained: Whereas, under and by virtue of certain acts passed in that behalf, persons insuring or keeping an office for insuring property from loss by fire are required to take out licenses for that purpose from the Commissioners of Inland Ievenne, and to give security by bond for dulv rendering accounts of such insurances and paying the duty chargeabie in respect thereof, and a certain stamp duty is by law charge- ble upon any policy or other instrument whereby any insurance is made of or upon property from damage or loss by fire, and a further duty at and after the rate of 3s. per centum per annumu is also chargeable in respect of every suc i insurance ; andl whereas it is expedient to amend as hereinafter mentioned the laws relating to the duties on such insurances: be it therefore enacted as follows:- 1. Every personL who in the united kingdom shall receive or accept any proposal or instructions for the insurance of property from loss or damage by fire by any company, society, or person, or persons out of the united kingdom, or ivho shall keep, or have, or conduct, or manaage any office or place for accepting,or receiving or issuing any such proposals or instructions, or who shall be held erut by any public advertisement or notice as a person to or by or from whom any such proposals or instructions may Te gven or received or obtained, orthrough or by neans of w hom any such insurance as aforesaid may be effected, and every person who shall in any m .anner effect or negotiate, orbe concerned in effecting or negotiating, any such insurance as aforesaid for or on behalf of any such company, society, or person or persons as aforesaid, or -ho shall issue or deliver out any policy or other instmment oranynote ormemorandum of or relating to anysuch insurance as aforesaid, made or proposed or intended, shall be held and deemed to be a person keeping an office for in- surmg property fromn loss by fire within the meaning of the severalactsbefore mentioned, and shall be and is hereby re- (pired to take out a proper license in that behalf, and to I give security in the manner directed by the said acte resuectively, and in such form as the Com missioners of Inland s.evenue shall think proper, for accounting for and )ayingj the duties with which he shall be chargeable as hereinafter mentioned; and if any such person hereby required to take cut such license and to give such security as aforesaid shall neglect or omit so to do, he shall forfeit the sum of 1001., and the like penalty for every day that such neglect or omission shaU continue. "2. Every pezson who by reason of any such act or neans as inthe preceding cause mentioned shall be deemed to be a person keeping such office as aforesaid within the meaning of this act and the several acts aforesaid shall aacount for, and shall be chargeable with, the duties in respect of all such insurances as aforesaid made, or undestaken, or agreed to by any company, society, or person or persons out of the united kingdom for whom or on whose behalf, or in respect of whose business of insurance, he shall do any such act as aforesaid, or become a person keeping such office as aforesaid. "3. The said respective duties by the said acts granted as aforesaid shall extend to and be payable and paid for and in respect of every insurance of property within the united kingdom from loss or, damage by fire, whether the same shall be made by any company, Eociety, or person, or personrs within or out of the united kingdom, and whether the policy or other instrument, note, or memorandum of or relating to any such insurance shall be made, signed, or issued in the united kingdom or elsewhere, and whether there shall be any such policy, instrument, note, or memorandum, or not." In consequence of some misapprehension which has occurred we are requested to state that the firm of Syers, Walker, and Co., whose suspension was announced on Saturday, had no connexion with that of Messrs. Syers and Co., of CullIum-street, largely engaged in the coffee trade, and Goverment contractors for that article. The amount paid into the Treasury of the East India-house for bills on India, from the 24th of MIarch to the 8th of April, was 210,8521. The General Association for the Australian Colonies have arranged to hold a public meeting at the London Tavern on Monday next, at which the Lord Mayor will preside, to consider the present state of the question regarding steam communication with Australia.
THE EYATIONAl DEBT. (From the London Gazette of Tuesday, April 8.) The Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury having certiiied to the Commissioners for the Reduction of theNational'Debt that there was no surplus of actial revenue over the actual expenditure of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the year ended the 31st day of December, 185- The Commissioners for the reduction of the National Debtherebygive notice thatno sum willbe applied by them on account of the sinldng fund, under the provisions of act 10 George IV., cap. 27, between the 1st day of April, 1856, and the ZlOth day of June, 1850. A. Y. SPEARMAN, Controller-General. lNationalDebt-office, April 6.
TRADE REPORT. Tuesday Evening. SUCGAR.-There was less spirit in the market to-day, and prices are scarcely so high as on Friday, and only about half of the 12,660 bags and 63 baskets put up at auctioi found buyers. The foUowing are the quotations-viz., 6,696 bags Mauritius, low to good brown, 36s. to 39s. ; low to fine - bright yelowv, 40s. to4Gs. Gd.; 5,953 bags native Madras, 34s. to 3:s. 6d.; 63 baskets 11 bags Java, good and fine yellow, 4as. Gd. to 49s. 6d. 869 hogsheads West India have changed hands. A floating cargo of 1,200 tons clayed Manila has been sold afloat at 26s. Gd. per cwt. for a near port and on the spot; 250 boxes white Havannah at 37s. in bond; and 350 boxes florettes at 50s. to 51s. 6d. per cwt. CoFEEm.-The auctions to-day, amounting to 600 casks and 420 barrels and bags plantation Ceylon, scarcely sUpported previous rates. The quality consisted chiefly of the gray coloiu-y sorts, at 60s. 6d. to 61s. 6d. per cwt. 800 bags native Ceylon were Nithdrawn. RicE.-1,979 bags middling white Bengal were sold at auction at 9s. to 9s. Gd. per cwt., being a decline on, last Friday's rates of 9d. per cwt. 4,000 bags Madras were wvithdamwn for want of buyers. The sudden reduction submitted to m public bale has led to inquir-y even at a slight improvenaent, and privately 2,000 bags Bengal have been placed; 1,G00 bags Java are also reported at ls. od., and a floating cargo of 600 tons Rangroon, for the continent, at 9s. 6d. per cwt. SAiTPEThE.-A fair business has been effected at steady rates. COCHLEEAI.-302 bags in pablic sale to-day mostly sold as follows :-164 bags Ihonduras silver, small to good bold, at 3s. Sd. to 4s. 3d., being'ld. dearer; black, sman to good, 3s. ltd, to5s. 9d.; 113 bags of Tener.ffe ordinary silver sold rather cheander, 3s. 1d. to 3s. lid.; black, 4s. 2d. to 4s. 3d.; and 25 bags of MIexican ordinary silver was bought in. at 3s. 9d. per lb. TALLOWV.-The market was firmer this afternoon; 47s. 3d. was oft'ered on the spot, 47's. for May and June, and48s. 3d. paid for the last three months. I riis.s A.M) HnS.-At Leadenball-market to-day the supply of fresh leather w as moderate. A good demand existed for lighat butts, skins, and kips, at about late rates. Dressing hudes w ere not mach inquired for. In other goods there is no alteration to notice, Market hides were in fair supply, and prices receded ls. to 2s. each.
THE CORLV TRADE. lIVMRPOOT An. R 'The arrivals from Ireland and coastwise during the past week have been moderately good of oats and oatmeal, but otherwise trifling. From foreign ports we have received 41.324 quarters of wheat (of5 which 14,28 quaitera are 3%gytlan. 4,652 quarters of beams, 1,452 quiarters of peas, 55,992 quarters of Indian com, and 7,831 sacks and 2Z,502barrels of flour, besides 2,833quartersofiwheat fromCanada. The exports in the same time comprise 85 quarters of wheat 1110 quaters of oats, 4.200 quarter of Indian coin, 591 racks and 1:1V2 banels of flour. There has been a very slow sale here since Tuesday last, buyers for the most part holding off In the expectation that the large supplies now pouring in will have a depressing effecton the market and enable them to operate to better advantage. The weather continues mild and moist. and altogether most seasonable. At this day's market there wvas a good attendance of the town and cOuntry trade, however, only a limited retail demand was experienced for wleat and flour, at a decline of 4d. per 701b., and Is. to 2s. per tarrel on inferior qualities, while prime pareets of each could not be bought on materiaDy' lower tercs. Oats and oatmeal, with a slow sale, may be quoted . per451b. and6d5.per load cheaper. Barley, l.eains,and peas met with asmall retaildemand, atpreviouSrates Indian con was mere freely offered than of late, hut the bulk of the late large arrivals net having yet come on the market, buyers till hold back, and in the few sales made to-day a decline of iully Is. per quarter was established. LEEDS, ARan. 8. Good wheat fetches late Prices, but inferior qualities are in favour of the buyer. Fine barley realizes quite as much money, but low descriptions are difficult to sell. Oats and beans unaltered in value.
TEsnamostum TO A (hrrA FRoat TH:E UNITED STATES' GOYERNMEX\T.-At the Sailors' Home, LivernI on Wednesday, Mr. James Aikin, chairman of the Local Marine Board, presented to Captain Ferguson, of the Liverpool bark Emperor, a bil of exchange for 501., for having rescued, in January last, Captain Spell and crew of the American bark Olivia, when that ship was foundering. The bill had been forwarded in a very kind note to Lord Clarendon by the Eon. G. M. DaUas, American Minister in London, of which the following is an extract :-" Legation of the lUnited States, London, March 21 --The undersigned has the honour to inform the Earl of Clarendon, Am, that he has been instructed by his Government to convey to his Lordship the accompanying bil of exchange for 5OL, and to request that his Lordship will be pleased to cause the same to be delivered, on the part of the President of the United States, to Captain Ferguson, of the British bark Emperor, in acknowledgment of the services rendered by him in rescuing from shipwreck,'the master and crew of the American bark Olivia, of New York, in January last. The undersigned desires to convey to the Earl of Clarendon, &c., the grateful sense of the American Government and people of the galUant'and humane conduct of Captain Ferguson. All acts of disinterested philanthropy are entitled to praise; but when they are performed on the turbulent waves of an angry sea, and result, in defiance of personal and pecuniary hazard, in the rescue of imperilled lives, it is scarcely possible to appreciate them too highly. -G.M.L PUBLIC PnnoNS.-The 19th report, yesterday published, includes 4,880 petitions aginst Sundry recreation, &-c., signed by 603,320 persns; 323 againSt abolishing church-rates wvithout providing an equivalent, signed by 13,840 persons;* 34 in favour of the Bleschingworks Bi2, signed by 2,222 persons; 92 against the Factories Bill, signed by 23,987 persons, and 831 in its favour, signed by 14,28Spersons; 43 ageainst the Medical Profession Bill, signed by 3,738 persons, and 59b in its favour, signed by 2,610 persons.
BAILWAY AND MINING SHARES. Tnesday Evennmg. The railway-market was less firm, and sales towards the conclusion generally took place at a decline.- There was, however, a fair amount of business transacted. Foreign -and Tndia descriptions continue to be well supported. London and County Bank shares ranged from 34i to 33-k. Australian land and bank shares were steady, with a moderate amount of transaetions. EanL- of Egypt left off 1: to @ pm.; Ottoman Bank, 1~ to X~ pm.; Western of London, 3 to 2 dis.; LondonandParis, 3 to 2 dis.; Alliance Bank, 1 dis. to par; and National Discount Company, j- to i- pm. Some sales were made of the shares of the new Lomabardo-Venetian 3ailway Company (the subscriptions for which have just been completed at Paris, Milan, Vienna, and London) at 61. 10s. premium. The shares are for 9)i -A
RAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. OXFORD, WORCESTER, AND WOLVEPMRAMTON. .Lue aujournec flalt-yearly meetng of this company was held yesterday, rro forzI?, at the London Tavern; Lieu tenant-Colonel Eushout, in the chair. Mr. SnmTH, the secretary, read the minutes of the last mneeting, which were confirmed, and also the notice of adjournment to receive the report of the committee appointed at the last meeting to investigate the affairs of the corn pany and to report thereon. A letter from Sir S. Morton Peto, the chairman of the committee, requesting further time to complete theirinvestigation and report -was read. The CiLm RiN said, it was proposed to adjourn the meeting till the 1st of May, in order to give the committee time to complete their report. The report would be ready by Saturday, the 26th inst., and would be circulated among the shareholders on Monday, the 28th inst., with a view to give the shareholders three days to consider it before the day of meeting. In reply to questions, it was stated that the committee wished to make a full report, and to give all the information they could on the affairs of the company, and, in fact, to make it as complete as possible. The CnArnsAs, in moving the adjournment of the meeting to the lst of hMay, to be held at the same nlace, stated that there was other business left over from the last meeting, including the election of two directois and one auditor, which they would have to transact on receiving the report of the cgmmittee. I The motion was seconded, and the meeting adjounmed. RAILWAY BILLiS IN PARLIAMETT. EAST SOIERSETRAIL\VAY.-The Committee on Standing Orders have decided that this company may introduce the additional provisions sought for mn their bill, if the committee up9n it shall so think fit. EDAST KENT RAILWA&Y.-Thestandingorder in favour of the petitioner against this bill is to be dispensed 'with, 1(INROSS-SHn1E RAILWAY.-In the case of thisecompany's petition for leave to deposit a petition for a bill, the standing orders are not to be dispensed with. CO311ITEE ON RAULWAY BILLS. LoSnDOa, TiLseuy, MSmD SouTRmD RAILWA.4Y.-Yesterday the committee on this bill, Mr. Fitzroy, chairman, declared its preamble proved, the object of it being an increase of capital. IcSDoNDnERBy AND ENm mErLLE.n RAILwAY.-The preamble of this bill in the same committee was declared proved. TRAFFC RE TURNS. Miles- Pas- lier- Total, Total Railw;ays open. sengera. chandise. 1856. 1855. Week ending April 2. Monsandliianage .. .. 21 -. 103 .. 839 . 242 913 Week ending April 5. Glasgow and South-WVestem -. . . 6,194 .5. ,352' Dubin and Wicklow S. 34P. - . - 420 239 Week ending April 6. Rendal and Windermere .. - . - .. - .. 196 .. 141 GreatLuxembourg.. .. 31 .. - .. - .. 392 .. -The traffic on the Ardrossan Railway is includede in both sears. The foilowing are the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal French railways from the 18th to the 24th of March *
NEw RoCHEEsTE :BRIDGE.-On the conclusion of the meeting of the bridgewardens at :Rochester Castle, on Friday last, the wardens held a private meeting at their usual place, when the subject of the approaching completion of the new iron bridge was taken into consideration. Sir W. Cubitt, the engineer of the works, was directed to crepare plans and statements for taling down the old lidge, with the view of their being laid before the wardens at the next ineeting, on the 15th of May, for their approval, the wardens being desirous of commencing the taking down of the present bridge on the same day that the new one vwill beopened. An opinion was also expressed that the old bridge should be removed as speedily as possible, and it was stated that there appeared to be little doubt that every part of that structure would be removed and cleared away by Christmas next. The bridgewardens have also acceded to the request made by the inhabitants of Strood and others, and have given directions for stairs to be erected on the Strood side of tlhe river, whichwill be of great convenience to persons having occasion to nse the river. We understand that the precise day for opening the bridge has not yet ben named; bult there is every reason to believe that it will take place some time in the last week in June. There ajpjears to boa pretty general belief current that his Royal Bsgbness Prince Albert will bo present at the ceremony, but the bridgewardens have not been assured that such will posiively be the case.- SomiOi-Rst c-n Garcttc.
JUDICIAL COMMITTEE OF PZTY COUh'IL, I ~~~~Tilc-dey, April 8. cr - EIUS}E A£ND TIlEl 110. EST INDL CO0P_Ny V. DYCE - SOIBR_, TROUP, AND SOLK1EOLL (B4ffoe3 fr. PEmBTo LIIG, Sb2 EDWARD RYAX, Dr. LUsHIjNGTO.T, and Lo ds TuJstitces MNIGHr BRUCIJ and Tu;R-.) The QuEEN'S ADVOCATE, in resuming his argment, comimenced by adverting to the pedigree of Mr. Dyce Sombre, with the view of showing that, so far from being an Asiatic, European blood prevailed in his veins. His education was European, even if he had received some Asiatic instraction. Sir Charles Trevelyan had recommended him tO go into Parliament, as an improving and useful occupation. It was perfectly apparent from his journal that while inIndiahe associated with European ladies justas an European would have done, and he was received by them in that character. On one or two occasions matrimony with a European lady seemed to have entered his mind. It was a point of honour with Asiaticsnot toallow gentlemen tosee their vromenunveiledc but that was not the course pursued by the deceased, who acted as a Euro=n, and permitted gentlemen to enter his zenana when ey were not veiled. On his first arrival in this country, in 1838, he went to visit Lord Combermere, ,ho mitroduced him into English society and to the lady to whom he was aferwards married. His courtship began almost immediately, and ap to the time of his marriage, in September,l840, notaword ad been suggested as to anyprofigacy, drankenness, or Asiatic habits. For years after his marriage not a single act of adultery was alleged. Not the slightest provocationhad ever beengivenhimbyhiswife or her family; but in May and June, 1841, the first symintoms of his malady became apparent, when he charged her with gross misconduct, and asserted that she had been guilty of adultery. 3ord Justice KL%IGHT BRUCE inquired whether there was any evdence of what an Englishman would call levity on the part of MSrs. Dyce Sombre. The QuEN's ADVOCATE replied, None whatever. The SouciToR-GrNmRa said theie never had been any such suggestion in any of the discussions which had taken place, either in the Court of Chancery or in this suit. The Qupm's ADvocATE then referred to the circumstances which led to the issuing of the commission of lunacy. Mr Dyce Sombre was most reluctant to deprive her husband of his liberty or of his property, but his conduct compelled herto do it. When he was informed that the inquisition was about to be held he directly attributed it to the East India Company. Having been found insane since the 27th of October, 1842, he escaped from Dr. Giant at Liver- Iool in September, 1843. He was the subject of various delusions. While in India there was no proof that he ever apprehended himself to have beenpoisoned by anyparticular person, or at any particular date. From 1843 to 1S51, however, he repeatedly stated that his food had been drned. It was not suggestedthat he ever recoveredfrom the delusion; all that was said was, that it was a mere suspicion, not a delusion; but it brought the case precisely within the principle laid down in " Fowlis v. Davidson," 6 Notes of Cases, 461. The medical witnesses produced on the other side proved that the idea of poison having been put into food was common to insane patients. The next delusion was with respect to General Ventura. They had been old friends, but in 1842 the deceased charged him with having intrigued with his wife, and sent him a challenge; and he also charged him on various occasions with having insulted him. All the charges were utterly greundless. With respect to fadame Solarol, he never expressed a doubt as to hler legitimacy until he had been insane several years. ofr. Prinsep stated that he never heard it from him until 1848. After he had persuaded himself that she was illegitimate he remained intestate and toook no steps to disinherit her. In his instructions for his will he spoke of Mrs. Troup as being the only legitimate daughter of his father. It was said that his statements as to the illegitimacy of Madame Solaroli were all made to spite the Baron; but the quarrel with him began in 1844, whereas Mr. Prinsep never heard of the illegitimacy until 1848. If he wanted to spite the Baron, wahy did he not at *nce tellihim that his wife was abastard 9 He did no such tling. To maintain that she was illegitimate was one of the strangest delusions that could be imagined. To attribute his conduct to vindictiveness was a strained and unwarrantable constraction. He was also under delusions with regard to the Baron, who was a most unexceptionable peron. To suppose that he could injure the Baron by publishing the libel upon him contained in the " refutation" was a proof thathe had lost his mental powers; hbut in 1851 he avowed an a letter that he could P rove the truth of every word contained in it. There were liLewise delusions as to Iord Ward and Sir Richard Jenkins. After having challenged the latter, he left his two daughters 5001. each. He had written to Lord John Russell to obtain from him some documents which he said had been deposited with him by Lord Metcalfe, and from which he expected to establish the illegitimacy of his sister. That was all a delusion. So again, with regard to the East India Company, various charges had been made against them, which had no foundation in fact. Their Lordships adjourned at a quarter past 4 o'clock until to-morrow (this day).
LAW REPORT. VICE-COLAINCELLORS' COURTS, APRIL S. ±NVAIs V. COVIENTRY. EBefore 3Ywc-C7hancelor Sir R. T. KiNDrssLsy.) 'The arguments in this case, which was opened yesterday, were continued to-day. The case is still proceeding. (Before Vice-Cheanoeor Sir J. STUART.) ALEXANDER V. BLTON. This case came on upon further directions. The suit was instituted for obtaining payment of a specific legacy bequeathed by a testatrix to the p3aintiff. The testatrix had also, by her will, made another specific bequest to one fatthewGooch; and, certain inquiriesLhad been directed by the decree as to whether Matthew Goocoh was alive or not. After considerable expense Matthew Gooch had been found somewhere in Australia. The question in the case was whether the costs which had been occasioned by the inquiry for Gooch should be borne exclusively by him out of his specific legacy, or whether they should form part of the general costs of the sucit, to be paid rateably by the two specific legatees, there being no general estate of the testatrix. Mr. Karslake appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Field for Gooch; and MZr. Bagshawe, jun., for the executrix of the testatrix. The VICE-CHANCELLOR held that the costs occasioned by the inquiry for Gooch should be borne by him out of his specific legacy. (BeforC V -d-Clhaaclor Siri 1. P. WooD.) LYTTON V. THE GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY COMPSANY. The VicE-OaHcCELnLORgave jud-mentin thiscase, which was argued on Friday and reported in !Jzc Times of Saturday, and said that the whole question turned -upon one short passage in an agreement between the plaintiff and the railway company, in wvhich, after reciting that it had bsen agreed betweenthe parties that the Great NTorthern Railway Company should make a siding from their railway at a place called Broadwater for tIt purposes thereinafter mentioned, itwas agreed that theGreat XNorthernRailwayshould make, form, and construct, and thereafter maintain, so long as the same should be of convenience, a siding connected with their railway at Broadwater, together with all necessary approaches thereto for public use, for the reception and delivery of goods, -wares, merchandise, and other matters and things to and from the surrounding neighbourhood, including the tenants and other persoun in the estate of Sir Edward Bulwver Lytton. One question had been raised as to the jurisdiction of the Court to decree specific performance of an agreement of this nature. 'the plaintiff seemed to think that he was not only entitled to have every convenience for the reception and-delivery of goods, but also to have a mau to wait there for the purpose of receiving goods intended to be forwarded by the railway. There would, however, be considerable difficulty in enforcmg a provision of such a nature for all time. The plaintiff was entitled to a material thing, and a material thing only-to have a " siding" constructed, whatever that niight be, and also al necessary approaches thereto for the public use. The plaintiff had taken an extreme view of his rights, for he required the attendance of a servant to receive and deliver the goods, and also a crane and sheds. If he had wished to have a private goods station, it would have been veryeasyto have it specified in the agreement. The plaintiff's witnesses could not be allowed to say that a "siding," which was a well-known term, included those other things which, although very convenient for the use of a siding, were not fairly included under the agreement. The defendants' witnesses, on the other hand, said that there was to be a " siding" and nothing else, but none of the words in the agreement were -to be omitted. The signals proposed to be erected were as much for the benefit of the company as of the plaintiff, it being for the advantage of those who carried goods to provide against collisions, especially when their railway was being used by others. S~othiag, however, was contained in the agreement as to aporter to he in attendance, a platform, or sheds. He admitted that the term " wharf "w was as applicable to a railway as to a canal, and that it meant that approach upon 'which goods for reception or delivery might be placed. With respect to "hereafter maintainkin"," that was no aterial objection against granting specific performance, for specific performance could be directed as to doing the thing contrcted for by the agreement, leaving to a future occasion any question as the mnaintenance of the works, 'which he trusted would not arise. HIe intended to dispose of the case without making any direction as to costs, and should follow the terms of the decree made in "Sanderson v. The Cockermouth and Workington Railway Company," (11 Bea. 497), and affirmed on appeai by Lord Cottenham There would be a declaration that, according to the true constraction of the agreement, the defendants, the Great Northern Railway Company, ought to make, form, and construct, at a convenient place at or near Broadwater, a siding connected 'with their railway, with such approaches thereto as should be necessary and proper for the convenient use of such siding and for the reception and delivery of suchgoods, wares, and merchandise, and othermattersand things by means thereof. as should be carried or be intended to be carried on the railway of the company; but that the company were not bound to provide sheds or any other convenience other than such approaches as aforesaid for the reception and delivery ofgoods. An inquiryat chambers in case the parties differed where and in what mannerthe said sidings and approaches-should be constracted, regard being had to the above declaration. Further consideration reserved, but no costs up to the hearing.
COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, BasingkaU-strcd. April S. IN RE 'IOSFS.-RTr.Tn- nr RATT.WAV' VAiA.T4 I ES HONOUR gave judgment in thi&case. He said,-This, was an application by a railway companv, praying that the sssigneesgof Moses should pay to them the sum realized by the sale of some pottery under the- bankruptcy. The facts are these:-A Scotch dealer sold pottery to the bankrupt on credit, and despatched it by rilway. Before the pottery reached the bankrupt the Scotch dealer, suspecin the-solvency of t doses, gave notie to the railway company not to deliver, and the compan-y undertook iccor dingly; but, notwithstanding their undertaldng, they by mistake did delifer, and the assignees, having received the goods with no notice of the stoppage in tirtatv, mixed them with other goods nd sold them The Scotch deer on discovering what had happened, sued the company, and the company pald him his demand; and now the company malJe the motion Ihave above statedagajust the assignees It is evident that I cannot mslne anv such order as that which the company asks. The goods having been sold with others, no means exist of ascertaining what the goods fetches, and to order persons to pay what goods fetche when the means of ascertaining what they fetched do not exist, iS to order an impossibility, which would be absurd. The only course, thererore, is to refuse to make the order that is asked. I might stop here, but I will not, because there is a great deal of difficulty about the law of stoppag in fransitu, and a vast -.-mber of cases on the subject, and it is not easy to reconcile them with each other, and one case was cited on behalf of the company, " Littv. Cowle ," (7 Taunt., 169), which certainly looks very like an authority in their favour, but in my opinion is not. The law of stoppage i?l tcanstu is always referred for its origin to a case in Chancery, " Wiseman v. Vanderput" (2 Vern.. 203), decided in lG9Q, and ham ever since been spoken of as a doctrine based on eauity. But if itbebased on equity, surely it couli never be so strained ss'to inflict a loss upon persons perfectly innocent of vrong to indenmify the ineautious or the negligent. In the case before me the vendor acted incautiously, forhe sold on credit to a person not fitto be trasted. The carrieracted negligently, for he received the request not to deliver, pronised to attend to it, and did not. The assignees acted vwith perfect propriety. They received the goods, not knowing that any ien had been established by the vendor's re quest and the carriers'promise. By so getting possession theyhadthe right of property and the actual possession, and of course had the right of sale and dispostion until regular notice was given them of the stoppage in the hands of the carrier and his mistake. They sold in due course, and, for anything that appears to the contrary, have duly administered the proceeds. Under these circumstances, I must assuMe that a loss Will be sustained by one of three parties-the vendor, the carrier, or the assignees; for, as to the assignees getfting back sroperty they have once sold and administered, it is a praciical nnpossibihty-it is, in fact, absurd to contemplate such a possibility. If, therefore, an order is made against these assignees it will be tantamount to saying that where a los must fallon one of three parties-an incautious vendor, a negEgent carrier, or perfectly innocent assignees-the law wil throw it on the perfectly innocent. This, in my opinion, is against first principles. But it was said in argument, the case of "Litt v. Cowley" has conclusively dispose& of the question; that case was al fours with this. There the vendor sold, stopped the goods while in the hands of the carrier; the carrier delivered by mistake to the assignees of the purchaser; the assignees refused to re:deliver to the purchaser, and were held answerable to him in trover. But the two cases are not on all fours. There is this most material distinction between them, that in "TLitt v. Cowley" the assignees had notice of the stoppage in: transitc and the mistaken delivery as soon as thev were appointed. It appears by the report in "Taunton, that the commission issued on the 19th of January and they had notice on the 3d of February, which was probablv the day of their appointment, and on that day the demana was made. In " Litt v. Cowley," therefore, the assiguees knew of the stoppage in tfransitu andthe mistaken delivery before they couldbave comamenced the administation of the bankruptfs estate. In this case they had no notice till the property claimed had been dealt with by them, had lost its. identity, and gone out of their possession, I should therefore not hold myself bound by that case in considering: this. But I distrust the case of "hitt v. CowleY" altogether. I admit that that decision was consistent with justice, because the assignees had notice, and might have acted uponit, but whether it was good law is I thin very doubtful. The law of stoppage in transita is a law of equity, and based on lien: And I cannot see on what principle he who had a lien on property to secure a money demand against the owner of the property, but has lost the possession, can bring an action of trover against the owner who has got the possession. That IAtt had sold the goods, that the sale of the goods had made the purchaser owner of them, that on the bankruptcy of the purchaser the ownership of the goods had passed to his assignees, are legal propositions which no. lawyer would dispute. The goods were clearly the pur-. chaser's goods the moment the bargain was made, and the, p urchaser was clearly debtor to the vendor for the value. lTo doubt the vendor, on suspecting the purchaser's. solvency, had a right at his peril to stop themu l77 transt;3 and if he had succeeded in stopping them in the hauds of the carrier, and the carrier had- refused on his demnand to return them, he might, for anything I kneo, have brought trover against the earrier; but I cannot see any legal principle on which he could- under such circumstances bring trover against the purchasers' assignees who had the right of property and the actual pos-- session. I am quite ready to 'dit that the unpaiavendormight have had redress against the assignees under the circumstances which occurredin "Litt v. Cowley," but what I denyis, that the redress could properly be obtained at law in an action of trover. In my opinion, the strictly regular. course would have been for the vendor to have given notice to the pursehaser's assiglees, that he had stopped the goods. in tra7situ while with the carrier; that the delivery had been by mistake ; and that if the assignees did not return the goods to him or the canier, he (the vendor) should_petition in bankruptcy for an order, ordering them to return. the goods; and I have no doubt that the Chancellor, sitting in bankruptcy, would have adopted the principles laid douun in "Wiseman v. Vandeput," and, after declaring that it was against conscience for the assignees to avail themselves of the carrier's forgetfulness, would have ordered the assignees to pay for the goods or deliver them up to the vendor. But this would be a very different administration of justice from that administered in. "Litt v. Cowley," because in bankruptcy justice couki be administered according to the eircumstances of each case. If the assignees had notice of the vendor's rights and thecarriers' mistalke before they had parted with the goods, their selling the goods and distributing the proceeds, won- obstante the notice, and thus availin" themselves tricldly of: the carrier's mistake, would have been justly punishable, Whereas, if the assignees getting possession of goods strictly speakingtheirown, and not knowing of anylienduly put upon them, sold them, and duly administered the proceeds, the hardship of calling upon them afterwards to reimburse the negligent vendor or negligent carrier is evident. Such law would be anythin" but justice. But there is another reason whyI distrust "'itt v. Cowley," and it is this,-that thereporter puts into the mouth of Chie" Justice Gibbs statements of law which so able a judge never could have utttered. He makes him say,-" The law of stoppage in transitu says. that the Property which was before in the bankrupts maybe vestedin the seller by notice to the carrier." NTow, every one knows that the law says no such thing. There is not. the smallest doubt that mere notice could not produce any such effect. It could only excuse non-delivery by the carrier, and the question would remain for discussion whether the assignees of the bankrupt would elect to pay for the goods or give them up. The right of property was so clearly vwith them that the judges in '-Littv. Cowley" refused to disturb the verdict, because it was in accordance with the real justice of the case, and the disturbance of the verdict wopld. only have driven the plaintiffs to their remedy in baiikmnptoy. Hpon the whole, therefore, I refuse to make any order in this case. I refuse to make the order the motion asks because it asks an order on the assignees to pay a sum wbich cannot be ascertained; but, even if it could be ascertained, I should still refuse to make any order unless it could be made vithout disturbing payments eonad fide made by the assignees before the day on which they first had notice of the company's claim. I am clearly of opinion, that in strictness there is no remedy in such case against assignees, except in bankruptcy; and that in bankruptcy the amount from which the equity, if any, dates, is the amount when the assnees firsthad notice that the goods had been stopped ia the carriers' hands. (Befuore Jitr. Comnsissioncr EV.AYNS). W RE AMEXAMER LESLE The bankrupt is described as a coal merchant, of Herne Bay, and elsewhere. This was the certificate meeting. M,r. Bagleyappeared for the assignees; Mr. Gray for creditors, and Mr. Reid for the bankrupt. The certificate of the bankrupt was opposed mainly on the grounds that he had contracted debts with various insurance companies by representations that the busiiiess of a tailor, carried on by his father in Conduit-street, was his, or that he was a partner therein, and this at a time when he was hopelessly insolvent. The bankrupt's excuse was that he had acted under the advice of Mr. Chapple, his solicitor. After hearing the evidence on both sides, -which was chiefly a recapitulation of that already published, His HoyouR said, that even if MIr. Chapplc had been a conspirator wivth him, that did not exonerate the bankrupt, and his certificate must be wholly refused. (Before Mlr. Commissioner FO1-nDLANQum3.) IN RE BEWJ.A P.%RKER. The bankrupt has failed three or four times, in each case paying only a very small dividend and varying his Christian name. His examination has been on these grounds adjourned sinze die, and protection withheld. He now came up for a certificate. His HON;ouR said, that the banlrupt might taL-e a third class certificate after 12 monthe' suspension, and with the recommendation in future to choose a name and stick toit.
INSOL VENT DEBTORS COURT, April S. IN RE: RTCILARD TURNEZR. fBeforc 2fr. Commimioner MuR.PHY.) allis insolveat, who had lkept four sops as a baker, in lambeth, applied to be discharged. Mr Dowse opposed for several fiour factors, and.Vr. Sargood supported the applicsdion. In D)ecember, 182, the insolvent, who had made an arrangementto pay his creditors 4OO5. a-year on debts tonpwards-of 3,000., went to Australia, and, not succeeding as he ant cipated, he returned last year and now sought to be relieved from the old debts. He had the colonial fever at 2delbourne,where he traded with one Gill as a general dealer and paid WOOf. a-year as rent. With the exception of sending home some money to his wife, he left Australa with only a few pounds. A long inquiry was now made with re-. gard tohis shopsbefore he ermgrated, and some disagreement he had with his brother, Williamlurner (now dead). AMXr. Groves was alarge creditor, and had realize(1 iis property. He was now examined. M-lr. Commnissioner MwitY was of odnpion that the insolventwas entitled to his discharge without any further information than the schedule afforded, after renarking on the vicissitudes he had undergone in goingto Australia. He was accordingly diseharged. LS RE SAMUEL AARON, AITAS ALLEN. This was an applicationby the insolvent, who had a place in Bow-street, for his " s-xpence," while under a' dgent of 5n months forfraud, at the suit of Messrs. Sboo red and Messrs. Hailing, Pearce, and Stone. Mr. SARGOOD resisted the application as an attempt futher to injure the complainants. Afer several technical objections tothe rule, hesubmitted that on the merits the allowance should riot be made. In the affidavit the insolvent alluded to his "attenuated appearance," whesn, ina
Cs-TRlAXt -CRLWLZW2iL COUB1; rTejd, Aprilt.S. -OLD COURIr. (Bef/bs theXECOnr.) Thomas Shrinpton. 44, was indicted for forging a receipt for the sumn-of 191. 2s. 6d., with intent to defraud the £onmlislioners-of'&e-ers of the City of London. Mr. iClrkson conducted -the iprosecution. The srisoner -was defendedhby Mr. Robinson. The cdlcurnstances under vlhithNhis charge was.preferred againstbthe prisoner were of a somnew hat peculiar iaracter. It-'appeared that the brotberof -the prisoner, Matthew ShAnDton, w ho-carried on the husiness of a uiieelwright inishe Old'sseet.-rad, had -'done some work for the Commi"ssoners of-Sewers, and he-wvas entitled to the sum named in the indictment for that swork at the time of his death, 'which took-plaon on the'2Sth of January last. By his will R swidowvwaslaft-sole execettrx and legatee, -and she was of course-entitled to all the little property Me possessed, which comprited the debt in question. 'On the 4th of Pebruarythe prisoner presesited'himself- attthe office of the commissioners, and-demnanded the moneyfthatwas due to 3lattbewv Shrnnpton, and, apon his being .asked whether he -waxs Mlatthe qhrispton, he- stated distinctly that he w." Uponr this -t-heulal warrTant wvas rmade -out, and the prisoner-wTent to:the treasurerand received the amount, and signed nareceipt in the-name of "MAlatthew Shrimpton." The widow of the deceased was called as: a witness, and she stated positively that she never, gave the prisoner any antl:oritiyto receive the-money; and she also stated that she *-as not-aware of the existence' of any transactions between the prisoner and 'her -deceased husband that would have justii ediuhn-in-receivizg-the'money. 'It likewise appeared that-when-the constable-apprehended-the prisoner be denied that his name was Thomas Shrimpton, and said that it was William;- and upon the officer telling him that ho knew better, and that hewas aware of'his'reai nmme, the prsoner then said that he admitted he had recv.-ed the money, but he said-that he had-done so by-the authority of his brother-s wife, -and that she hcd pA at-of the money. In reference to this statement,'the -vd-ow of the-deceased said that on the day-the money was paid the prisoner-csame into her room in a -drukene- condition, and threw some gold upon the table; but-she declared that nothingwhatever was said by the prisoner upon-the subject of -this money or where it ,came'from,.and'that, 'at e1l events, she had no portion of it, and had-not the least idea that the prisoner had obtained possession of theedebt thatwvas due to her husband. Mr. ROBlsLNsoe, in hiis address for the prisoner, admitted that he had acted improperly in receiving the money, but he said that the defence he was instructed to offer was, that there had been business -transactions between the prisoner mad the deceased, and that the former considered he was justified in -taking possession -of the money to reimburse ilimiself. He then -caled a brother of the prisoner as a witness, and-he -stated that on the 4th- of February he was present -when there was some conversation between the %idow and the prisoner upon the -sbject of the money, and the former gave theprisoner a- coat - and a- hat belonging to the deceases to wear, in order that he-might appear more respectable -when he applied for- the money. A paper which purported-to bear the-signature of -the - deceaEed, and to be dated two days before his death, was also put in, and this was reliedt-on as giving -authority to the prisoner to obtain the nmoney. It appeared, however, in cross-examination, that at the time this document bore date the deceased wrvas in so -weak a state that-he-was unable to raise his hand to his mouth to feed -himself, and the signature did not at all presentthe appearance of one likely to have been made by a manwwho -was in such a condition. hf-CUzR.sQN,in replyingupon the case for theprisoner eaid that it boreupon itall the evidence of being fabricated, and that it was-an attempt to defrau&the poor wvidow ofthe money to which she was justly entitled; and he ask-ed the jury to weigh the probabilities on both sides, and said he wasquite-certain that w-hen they had done so they would feel that thecharge had been completely made out against the prisoner, and that the only course they could pursue was tocsay so bv their verdict. The REc-rnnc then summed up, and the jury almost immediately returned a -verdict of Guzilty. The prisoner -was sentenced to be kept to hard labour for iS months. William Angus, 39, wvas indict-ed for assaulting Thomas Goore with intent to rob -him. Mr Lilley prosecuted; Mr. Ribton was counsel for the prisoner. It appeared that on -the night of the 3d of March the prcsecutor -was drinking at a publichouse in Bethnal-green, and be left about a-quarter to I o'clock in the morning. According to his statement, -when he had gone a short distance the prisoner tripped -him up, and when he was upon the ground he put his fin"ers into his neekeloth and endeavoured to throttle him. ecalled out that ho was welcome to what property he had about him, but begged him to spare Ii life oR the sake of his *ife and family; and at this moment a policeman came up,-and the prosecutor gave the prisoner into custody. The prosecutor was closely crossexamined by Mr. Ilibton, and, although he declared that he knen- .-ery well wbat occurred at the time, he admitted that he had been drinking in the publichouse for a gaeat mnany hours, and the satidord stated that -when le left the house he was quite drunk. It also zapoeared that the prisoiier told the policeman that he wr.s merely endeavouring to take the prosecutor home, and he made no attempt to 2E&RTsroY contended that upon these facts it would be very unsafe to convict the prisoner -upon so serious a charge, and The -Jnry, after a short deLberation, returned a verdict of Mot CGzdi,. Jamnes Chittv, 31, and Thomas Hopkins, 45, pleaded "Guilty" to the cha,e of burglary in the dwellinghouse of David Gibbons, and stealing a -quantitv of cigars and other articles. It appeared that the prisoner Chitty was convicted of robbery in 1849, and sentenced to be transported for 10 yealrs. He was released about two years ago under a ticket of leave, and since that period he was stated to heve been the constant associate of thieves and bad characters. The pruoners were apprehended immediately afterthe commission of the offence now imputed to them, and Chitty made a -most desperate attack upon the -policeman with a lifepreserver at the time of his appfebension. The prisoner Chitty was ordered to be transported for 14 years, and Hopkins was sentenced to six years' penal servitude. Henry Lambert, 1S, a genteel-looking lad, pleaded Guilty" to a charge of stealing twvo checlks for 501. and fll. the pronertyof William BunceGreenfield. The prosecutor is a stockbroker, and the prisoner wvas in his service as clerk, and it was his dutY -to make out the list of amounts due at the settlement of, eacll Stock Exchange account; and it appeared that he had claimed larger -amounts than were really due, and appropriated the checks that were given to hIm to his own use. Sentence was deferred. Thomas Clarkson, 19, a respectable-looking young man i-Zeaded " Guilty" to a charge -of embezzling-money, the property of James Ogden, his master. The prosecutor, in ansera-t -questions put by the learned jrude, stated that he carried in-the business,o Qa Manchester-7-arehouseman in Aldergate-street, -and -tho prisoner wasemployed byhim originaUy RS a porter, and subsequently as a traveller and collector. In tbe 'latter capacity lie had recei-sed about 201. wEich Le had notaecounted,for. It fs R embezzlng this sum 'niat the preicnt indiczment had biana preferred. The IlEconnun. inqrred what wages the prisoner received.? Theprnsecutor replied, IeL. perweekC, -out -of which he lad to p;avide botih board and lodging. The R.-aosRDEc: acded wvhether i0s. wvas not-a rather-low anonnt- eo wages for a person in the prisoner's position? 31r. Ogden 'said, they were certainly rather lowv, hut. a certain amorunt of cosnusission was allowed the prsoner in' addition. -Se received a very good character with, the prisoner wvhen lie caine into his sen-ice. In.seatorJBinnPan, vwho took the prisoner into,cu;tody, E2id, Ie nnder$,od, from inquies he had suede, that the prisonr had asi p -father wvho did not treat him kindly, Eand he had been-driven into the -world to provide for hiinmself. He fould 3,!. of the sum he was charged with-erbe-zling ia his poq'-sion when he apprehended him. The priscuar adminIed that he had spent some portion of the remain de. of tha money for hiniself, but he declared that a consideable portion of it wes paid for chaise-hire for the purposes Of His emplvyer's business. Inspector Brennrn saW, lie believed that this was the The prosecutor said, he was desirous to recommend the prisoner to fhe merciful conrileration of the Court, and he at thie same time intimnted that he would endeavour to Obtain some situation for hbi if a lenient sentence were passed, Tne RECORDER, upon tni&r.s.ia he vwould respite the judgment to the next session, ,d if he were then assured that there was some chance -( tle prisoner obtaining rcseectablo employment, he shoulcd be disposed to deal very leniently wiith hnim, Henry Thomas,25, pleaded " Guilt'y" n a eharge of assaulting and robbing W illiam Edward Cadd ps.ltridge. It wiiU be remembered that the presecue "r was attacked by the prisoner and two other men, and that a?t instrument wvas put round his neck-, wjich had the effec' of- nearly strangling him, and it appears that he is still suffer 'Ig from the injurie-s he received upon the occavsion. The prsoner, in a whinding tone, declared that it wV'd alI tJ4Qu+cu V4 tli;st he was in hisa resent situation, and he Eald that, if the Court would deal leniently with him, he vol-ldti teetotaller. (A laugh.) The FMCORDER told him. his oiKence was too serious a one tobe pssed over without some psnishment. Robberies of this description were becoming very prevalent, and, as a wafting to those concerned in them, he should order him to bekept in penal servitude &or five years. NEXW COURT. (Ecfire the ComaroNr SERJZ&£T.) George Green, 28, kbourer L Louisa Wilton, 23, widow ; George Jackson, 2Z 'labourer, John 3itchen, 28. painter; and filliun Browrn, 38, labourer, were indicted for coin- The jxT T.-d them all Gv itfy. The Comon Serjeant, after highly commending the conduct of theipeZice, sentenced Green to sic years' penal servitude, tthe Aand Jackson to two years' imprisonment, and the w eaaand Brown to IS months?'
POLiCE. YSKSIoN-nrousE.-William Leonard and William Ward' charged before the LIaD IMAYoR With having stolen lead freon a building, were remanded. dl30O-V-STREET.-The Rev. J. C. Ward, a clergyman of the Church of England, attendaed for the third time before Mr. HENBPY, to answer the carge of being a wandering lunatic, 'and of w riting letters to the Queen and different members of Her Mfajesty's Government. After a long private interview with the magistrates the defendant entered taco court, and expressed a wvish to make a statement in the earing of the porters. Mr. 1En-y informed him that a letter had been received - from Mr. Greenwood, of the Treasury, to the effect that no further proceedings wouild be taken in the case on behalf of the Crown. This, he believed, was the result of a private arrangement with the friends of the defendant. The defendant wished to understand the exact state of the matter as concerned himself. He presumed that the withdrawal of these charges against him was equivalent to an admission thlat they were unfounded, and he was exonerated from all liability in respect to them. h£r. Hxn-R.-The warrant is dismissed as a matter of course. The defen&mt hoped that an opportunity would be given to him then -of clearing himself m the eyes of the pubhe. Such charges preferred against a gentleman in his profession were likely to have a most injurious effect. Mr. HEynx.-No doubt the termination of the case will be reported in the newspapers, and that is all you require I presume. The defendant said, he had prepared a written statement, which he should like to go forth through the same channels of publicty that had made the whole world acquainted with these proceedings against him. He would hand it up. -Mr. HuSsy, after reading the mcanuscript, suggested that its publication w;as not necessary for his vindication. It complained, for example, of the omission of the evidence of Sergeant Hod'es' hut that evidene wsas not material; be. sides w'inch it w.as clear that if the reporters gave the whole of a case there would be no room in the papers for anything else. Dfnant.-Perhaps so; but the report in 27ie Timwes stated, for ex;ample, that I sat dowfn .and .applied my mind to thel16th and 17th of Victoria. This is incorrect. I really did not apply mY mind to the 16th and 17th. M\r. Hrsty.-That is not of much consequence. You had better let the matter rest. The reporters, no doubt, will do you justice. The rev, gentleman e4cressed himself fully satisfied with this assurance, and wvithdrewv. MARYLEBOXTE.-Mir. William Lewis, a master tailor at 15, ECagle-street, City-road, was brought before Mfr. Exoucirrox on the charg e of having indecently exposed his person to a respectable married woman, who, with her husband, had lately been taking care of a gentleman's house at 45, West'oourne-parki, Paddiugton. The csase was disposed of by the magistrate saying to the prisoner-" The lady who attends here and who has given evidence against yen does not wish now, seeing the distressed condition in which_your wife is, that you should be severely punished; but I have a duty to perform to the public, in which I should be wanting if I did not visit you with a severe sentence. I shall not send you for the full period of three months, but you will he imprisoned for twso months with hard labour in the House of Correction." UJpon the decision being given the prisoner's wife fell dowvn in an hysterical fit and was carried out of the court. ALxaanBOr.ouan-STBEET.-The half of a aL.-note h.as been received from "HR. 13." WrEsmtssTsvt.-.Ann Wilson, a prostitute of the lowest grade, was charged with wilful and corrupt perjury. The proceedings arose out of the trial a^nd conviction of George Browrn, a young man very respectably connected, who wvas charged, in January last, with assaulting the defendant, and committed for six months to bard labour in the House of Correction, from which he was brought to this court upon a judge's order to exhibit the present complaint, after an ineffectual application to the Secretary of State, representing that he had been the victim of perjury. A solicitor's clerk-said. he was present at the WVestminster Sessions on the 23d of January, and heard defendant, the then complainant, make the follow;ing, statement upon oath :-That she (Brown), another girl named Firmanl, and a man named HEnrley, wvere drinking in Castle-street, Leicester-square, and went thence to a house in Castle-lane, Westminster, where, after some dispute about some money, Hanley and Firman left the room, upon w.hich Brow n blew out the candle, twice assaulted her (Wilson) violently; .and then eseapedh George Brown w as now put into the witness-box, and swrore most positively that he never laid hand upon W;ilson, and that her statement was a tissue of the grossest false. hoods; that he left the room the very moment the dispute arose .about money, and was afterdwards joined by Hanley, who, in company with Firman, remained writh Wilson. Hanley was next exyamined, and confitmed Brown in the most minute particulars. se (hanley) remained in the room when Wilson dragged him about in her endeavour to extort money from him, and he was compelled to strike heir in his o;n defence. The accused said that the woman Firman had varied in her account of this transaction from the time she first gave evidence before the magistrate, and had been influenced by corrupt motives to gie a false statement, which was, however, not believed on the trial at the session. Mr. AiNsOLD committed the accused for trial. Woesdnc i-s tyur.-Benjamin Cloowes and Willia Weaver, one of them a notorious and convicted thief, were charged with assault and high ay robbery. Mr. Alfred Sharwell, a wrarehouseman in the city and residing in Victoria street, Hackney, stated, that while returninghome between 9 and 10 o'clock on the night of Friday se'nnight he had occasion to pass a turning of the worst description, celled Hare-alley, between the church and railway in Shoreditch, when a man whom he did not see suddenly sprang out upon him, snatched hlis watec, chain, seal, and heyrrom fiis waistcoat pocketd and disap pearedup the court again. He attempted to follow the Ithief, but the inlstant-he got into the court a second man dealt him such a heavy blow on the side of the head as to sendLnstaggeringagainstha brick walf As the thief had got off with his property he turned and tried to get back into the street, but before he could quite gain the entrance of the court a third man dealt him a most violent blow in the nape of the neck, which forced him staggering forward, and he fell heavily upon the kerbstone perfectly senseless, and while becoming so he distinctly felt some one jump upon his body. E ow long he remained senseless he did not know, but upon recoverirg he found he had been raised by some of the bystanders, without any further attemnt at robbery, and that the whole of his assailants had got clear off. George Clare, porter to a trdesman in the neighbour. hood, deposed to seeing a man rush out of the court in his shirt-sleeves and rob the prosecutor, and that on the latter attempting to pursue the thief he was followed by Weaver and a third man. He could distinctly sweatr to both prisoners, as he had seen them ai company of a third man near the court just before the robbery, and in the previous week had seen Weaver make a similar attempt upon anothe r gentleman near the same spot. Deebleand Andre's, two constables of the H division deposed to apprehlendin the prisoners, whom they found tegether. Andres took Weaver from his so exactly answhering the description given of one of the men, and Clowes took so rspidly to h heels the instant be caught sight of Deeble, that the Latter only captured him after a nursuit of more than a mile. Each prisoner stoutly denied the robbery but both offcers knew them as constantcompanions, and one had seen them with the third man within 30 yards of the court only a quarterof an hour before this attack and Clowes now vanted to makae it appearmth,t it was he alone who hadcommLitted the robbery and all the violence to wich the prosecutor had bcen subjected, and that fweaver hagedotbing to do wsith it. In this hoe was rconded by WVeAlfver, whao denounced the officers as swearing his life aw.ay, and called two people named Clifton and Peters to prove an alici. Their evidence, however, was far from satisfactory, and, the depositions having been taken by Mtr. Phillips, thec chief clerk, both prisonerswerefullycommitted to Ne-wgato for trial. CandrailwaynSAA.-Henrv ec itehell, aged 23, a thick, shortset, powerful-looking feromw, described on the police-sheet as a brickliyer, of No. 4, Brill-row, Somers-town, was placed aat -hc bar before Mvr. COw , charged with being an eseaped con ict, and illeally at large before the expiration of his termtof isprisonment. It wil be ,remembered that the prisoner made sis escape gain cotphee nith another convct, a shoemaker, named himenry Simtpsont from the New Model Prson, about three .- four weelco ,stnee. The prisoner's escape faused a great udaln of exestoente it being almost unparaleled and beond al rmsndous srison-breaking. It appears that the ,two prisa-ners ulhad been for some time in the gaol; Sanderon, houist aescribed asfa labourer, 21 years of age 5feet 5 incheo holi, fresh complexion, brownhair,hazel eyes, cand sto stly ulade, having been convicted on the 26th of Noveinbe,, iiSS5, at the Central Gilininal Court, of burgtlary, and reobenced to 14 years' transportation, having been before con vipsed,u f felony in Surerey, and sentenoed to 10years' tr nspodtM'iun, Hwhile the prisoner tlitchsea,who wts convicted at the ea se sesions for a like offence, was ssan tenced to four y bfs' oretnal servitude. They were tio daring characters, a3i-one, it wa^s stated at the time, was a reLative of the noto,nivene oktto who escaped from the same place several yea as Since. When the prisoners were in Horsemooger-lane Gaol. a Xsenman was apprehendded and convicted for conveying"tc them a file and other articles necessary for the picking of locIm inside of a half-quartern loaf, and the prison authitibies n-ere told to keep a sharp lookout on them. On the' night of the 19th of Ma-rch they were safely locked up in- tseirpell, and to get out the lbad to pick one of the patent looks wich fastened the cel door. On the following mornirg an alirm was raised, and, on subseqsqe2t search being made it seems that the prisoners walked along the passage, where they found an iron trapdoor, weighing Sewt., which they mutm have forced UP, and got uponthe roof of a low building, havingpicked severailiocas in theirway. Thence they sealed a lofty wall ly the aid. of a ladder miade of waxends, which brought them to the ., the prLsop; fQr they4 deggw4ed and 4gg a,t Jeast: six times before they could have'reached the outside of the raoL The matter was placed in the handsof Sergeant Whicher, of the detective force, and he, after watching for some time, succeeded, after great difficulty, in apprehendingthe prisoner. 3lichell stated that afterhe and his companion escamed they walked in their prison dress as far as Camberwe)], passng several of the metropolitan police before they entered any house, thus showing the necessity of the police beinz made aware of the different st-yles of dress worn by the different prisoners. He also stated that in making their escape they once or twice ran great risk of losing their lives. The pisoner, who had nothing to say in his defence, was remanded for week. LA3METH.-A note, addressed to Mr. Henry, who sat at this court on Friday last, was received from " .h.Z.," enclosing twosovereigns for thepoorwomanMrs. Raymond, whose husband had been charged on that day with nearly killing her. The husband remains in forsemonger-lane Gaol on remand, and the unfortunate woman herself still lies at St. Thomas's Hospital in a precarious state.
ST. .ItARGARETS CHURCHYARD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I read with great interest a letter signed " Resurgam," in your valuable paper of this morning, and feel great pleasure in corroborating his statement. Having occasion to pass through St. MALrgaret's Churchyard yesterday, between 4 and 5 o'clock, I observed some boys picking up bones from the soil. Now, Sir, I consider the authorities are to blame in not preventing this. The state of St. Mlargaret's Churchyard has for some time past been a disgrace to the neighbourhood; and I do think that the least we can do for our ancestors is to let their remains rest in peace. I am. Sir. vours. &c.. A1N 1iNiHAJITANT OF WESTIINSTER,. I Apil 7.
-JEWISH DISABILITIES. - - REPRESENTATION OF LONDON. To TE.Co.Ns=uxNcnEs OF THE IMaTm KmGDiono. [Ait.Leimn2ct.] Mellow Uitizens,-Un behalf of your brother electors ce the city of London, we venture to invite your candid consideration of the report adopted by the London Liberal Registration Association on the subject of Jewish disabilities, and to invok-o your aid in the further prosecution of an object in which your most valued political rights are as deeply involved as our oin, and which cannot be abandoned without tarnishing our character for public spirit, treachery to ihe privileges of the Commons, and serious injury to the political rights of the people. In the whole records of Parliament there is not one other example in which the Upper House has ventured so often to negative a measure so repeatedly affirmed by the Lower as that which sought to raise our Jewish felow-subjects to their rightful position of civil equality, and to admit to Parliament the member of our choice. The opposition which, in this case, has been offered to the Ministers of the Crown under four Administrations is totally without precedent in the annals of the seocond estate. The practical question to be determined by the fate of the motion now before Parliament for repeal of the Oath of Abjuration is-shall the constituencies, the Commons, the Crown, and the Cabinet enforce their united resolution, or shall they obsequiously succumb to the majority oE the second estate 9 if it be contended that the latter has an undoubted right to exercise it veto, it is, at least, as certain that the former have an equal title to reassert their will: and as the Crown and the Commons are at issue with th6 Peers, the dilemma is not to be solved by maintaining a coordinate exercise of rights. They are at a deadlock, and it has now to be settled which, in the conflict of prerogative, should bo induced to give way. That the Lords have a perfect right to exercise their veto atpleas're is either a truism or a fallacy. They have, ianeed, the power to do so, but they are responsible to the State for the discretion of its exercise. " The whole of the constitution of this country," observes Lord John Russell, " depends on the moderation and forbearance with which its various powers are exercised. If the Sovereign were to exercise the extreme power of the prerogative-if the House of Lords were upon every occasion to indulge its own views and its own opinions, and exercise its power of rejecting all the bills sent up from this House-if they were to use all these powers, and push them to extremes, the constitution could not last a month." The remedy is notorious to every student of constitutional law. Substantially, the intention of the constitution is. that in the end the Commons shal predominate, after a sufficiently repeated expression of its wil. The whole course of the policy of this State is in the direction which is now thwarted by the adverse decision of the Lords. The penalties of heresy and nonconformity have been repealed. Dissent has been legalized. Catholics have been emancipated. Unitarian endowments can now be enforced bylaw. Jews can now hold land as British freeholders; they exercise high magesterial and judicial functions ; they elect members of Parliament ; they are patrons of livings in the church and preferments in the universities. In seelkng to remove representative disabilities Ministers and Commons cannot be accused of innovation. In simply'following out and adopting the course of legislation they find, and to which the Lords were a consenting party, is it right that the whole co-ordinate powers of the constitution and the nation should be arrested and thwarted by a portion of a hierarchy jealous of its supremacy, the dependent nominees of the universities, and the obscure folIlowers in Pnrliament of statesmen wvho on this question are Iwise enough to discern the follies of faction? Can there be any roomn for hesitation as to the course of which loyalty, patriotsi, and seif-resnect imperatively require the adoption? The question involves a doctrine of which the people sboild be sensitively tenacious. The House of lords virtually tell the people that they shall not be free to choose their representatives, and are not competent judges ot their jqualifications. They intimate to the Commons that they shall not be masters of their own privileges, or maintain their power to deal with the regulatin of the rights of their mnebers; while, fronm the debates on the Wensleydale Peerage, we observe that the Upper House distinctly claims to be the sole judge of its own privileges, and of the title of Peers to sit and vote. Theprerogativethey arrogate tothemnselves they deny to the Commons. They refuse to admit Lomd Wensleydale to sit in the one house, or to allow the Commons to permit Baron Rothschild to vote in the other. We take it for granted that, if the constituenay are to persevere in mainting the position they have taken up, they do not intend to vacslate in the course by which that attitude is to be upheld. Baron Rothschild must be required still toretain his seat, as an embodmiment of the cause we have adopted. By that means the constitutional anomaly is presented, with al the force of an example, of a member of the House of Commons, legally elected and duly returned, competent to vote for Speaker, to sit on committees, and to report to the House on subjects of the utmost importance, declared by resolution of the House to be still a member after having refused to take the oath as required by law, being prevented from taking his seat by veto of the Upper House. If the city be thereby truncated temporarily of one of its members, the responsibility must be laid not upon the patient but upoII the amputators. The moral effect of the return of a Jew is as great in support of Liberal principles as if it were daily recorded in the votes; the present state of parties renders the Reform interest quite able to afford to dispense with the presence of one representative at divisions; and, even if it were not, we frankly declare that we prefer the emphatic assertion of a principle to the mere counting of a vote. We ought either never to have volunteered the assumption of leadership in this great cause, or never to give it up. Confirmed in their views by the opinion of every leading statesman of all parties, successive Administrations have resolutely and repeatedly refused to accept the veto of the Peers as any call to abandon the course we have adopted. We have been most nobly supported by the people of the provinces in the return of representatives pledged to our views; and the House of Commonshasaffirmed ourprinciples, andgenerously adopted the advocacy of our conduct. Shall we " turn our backs upon ourselves." abandon the Urown, leave its Mlinisters in the lurch, yield up the privileges of the Commons, resign the prerogative of the people to choose their representatives, the assertion of 'which they intrusted to us, and betray the rights of the nation, merely because they have been unwisely ignored by the aristocracy? To put the question is to answer it. This is no longer the mere concern of the citizens of London, but of the House of Commons, and of every constituency in the empire. In this, treachery to ourselves is treason to the nation. If, indeed, we had committed ourselves to a coctrse of action opposed to the spirit of the constitution, or in reference to which anyintimationhad been signified to us that it was against even the letter of Parliamentary usage, the pretext might have served as an excuse to capitulate to the aristocracy. If we had elected a minor, our votes would have been thrown away. Had we chosen a peer of Parliament, an idiot, a madman, or a person not technicaUy armed with the moncy quahification of membership, the law had clearly beforehand warned us of the consequences. Had we thrown away our suffrages on an alien, the statute which we are presumed to have known would have condemned our ignorance or rebuked our contumacy. But disqualifications for the exercise of the great rights of citizenship must be distinctlyexpressedand strictly interpreted. An Englishman cannot be degraded from his nationality by inference or implication. What diauns of theconmmon law imposes a religious test for the exercise of a civil office? What provision of any statute declares that the Hebraw faith disqualifies its professor from serving his fellowcitizens m Parliament?Z The oath he tenders at the table of the house is, by the operation of the common law of the land, accepted, without hesitation, as sufficient sanction forhis testimony as a witness on matters of life and death; as ample security for due performance of the most exalted judicial functions; as a satisfactory guarantee of the conscientious discharge of the solemn duties of a Minister of State inn Christiancountry. The Queen commanded us to elect a burgess to advise with HerMajesty on divers urgent matters. Our return to the writ was the choice of Baron Rothschild, which was accepted at the Crown-office as valid, and which, in the face of his refusal to take the fag-end of an effete oath, has been declared by the House of Commons to be sufficient to warrant it in declaring the seat valid. The statuto imposing the oath of abjuration no more permits it to be taken by affirsmation than by the omission of any of the prescribed words. But Mr. Pease not only substituted affirmation where the statute prescribes an oath, but he distinctly omitted the words " on the true faith of a Christian " from that affirmation, and yet was seated by resolution of the House. Is the community of London of less account than the -county of Durham, or the county of Clare? Is a Jew less human or less naturalized than a Quaker, that such a different measure of political justice should be meted out to our representative ? The spirit of the British people in their public acts has ever been to sacrifice every consideration of self-interest or policy to the superior claims of common honesty and plain dealing. The Jews are defrauded of their rights by a paltry advantage being taken of 'a legislative oversight. If they are to be degraded, let it be done, not by implication, but expressly, in the open day of the constitution. If Christians alone are to represent the people, let an explicit statute fairly and honestly declare it. But et us not be mauceuvred out of our natural privileges as British subjects by pettifogging in mistakes, and mongering in Parliamentary technicalities. It is conceded by the opponents of Jewish emancipation learned in the law, and admitted by the hostile Peers, that Parliament never knowingly intended to exclude the Jews from Parliament by means of the oath of abjuration. Virtually and substantially, the operation of the disqualifying words was never directed against the Jews by the conscious consent of Parliament, and, wanting that consent, it is destitute of the authority wvhich is the essence of everyv law. It is now certain, by the conduct of the Crown and the Commons, that the estates of the realm never would consent to such disqualification, and that is the reason why the Peers take advantage in this ease of the technicalities of legislation to defy and ignore its spirit. Under any other circumstances, a short declaratory act would be passed as a matter of course to the Effect that. whereas the objectionable words affected persons to whom Parliament never intended them to apply, they should thenceforth be so restrieted as not to extend to such persons. But that honest- course is not followed by the Peers. They have caught the other branches of the Legislature in the trap of this accidental anomaly. They have sared Parliament by this sinister device, and thiy wSil take advantagae of it to hold to a law whicl they know wouxld never otherwise be passed, and against the consent of the aggregate powers of the constitution. The words which, by mere chance, exclude Jews were directed by the Parliament which imposed them exclusively against Catholics; and, by a singalar fortuity of legislation, the only persons whom they were intended to affect are now alone exempted fromn thair operation; while they are made to catch the Jews, for whom they were never intended. Honourable men, actuated by the spirit of English candour and fair dealing, wrould. scorn the use of sueh judaica1 practices of judicial interpretation. They would echeerfully resign the unjust advantage, sad manfully propese ars:s press statutory j?jalLC^a JRewFs nonei?5, leaving the respon- sibility of its rejection on the Crown or the Commons. Bnt the Upper _lousprefers to wrest the constitation to its own letesoe. It takes advantage of the letter of the statateto ignore.its spirit. By a quirk it uses the technicaities of law-moak-ing to stultify the law. By the form which. their opposition has assumed, they convert a mere veto into the strength and power of a positive enactment. They are declaring that Jews are disenabled from exercising representative functions by their own sigle fiat, and withon?t the excuse that they are supported by the acts and consent of formerParliaments. Sincetheyfind the obnoxious words still on the statute-book, to theeffect, by good lhck, of eikcluding the Jew they will keep them there against the original intent and meaning of the act in which they find them and the consent of the co-ordinate powers of the constitution. Is that conduct to which Englishmen shoulddefer? We maintain that there was entire harmony of action between the powers of the State, until the House of Lords introduced discord into the public councils For This collision those with whom it originated are alone responsible; and to callupon the whole estates which makeup the sunm of political power to yield to the bare unjustified dictation of one wouldbe destructive not merely of our ownprerogatives, but of the ouly secure basis on which the nobHity itself can rest its privilege. If the Peers have strained their powers, it is for them and not for us to restore their elasticity, not by suffering them tobe further stretched, but by compelling them to discontinue their further abuse. If, wbile we night use stronger measures, we adopt the milder course of callMg for a reconsideration of our cause, is our very moderation to be charged against us as contumacy, and is it the duty of the people to yield whenever the Peers choose to be obdurate? We may safely leave the Crown, the head of the church the two archbishops and nine bishops of the establishment, who have supportedthe emancipation of the Jews,to answer the imputation that they thereby offer an insult to Christianity. We do not think so meanly of the Gospel we profess as to beEeve that the necessities of evangelism can be honestly pleaded as a pretext for robbing our fellow-subjects of their rights. Indeed, we decline on this occasion to argue the case as one between Jew and Gentile, as a squabble between London and the Peers, as a mere question of city politics, or the personal claims of a representative' Christianity itself is upon its trial in this struggle. Its result conoerns much more the professors of the New Testament than the believers in the Old. It is just in such a case, if in any, that the merits of the respective forms of faith may be tested-"By their fruits shall ve know them." It is not for the civil position of Judaism that we plead, so much as for the character and credit of our own religions profession. Hitherto it has been the practice of the disciples of the revailing worship to contrast the exclusive spirit of the bebrew faith with the catholicity of the Christian. We have regarded the former as but the beggarly elements of the latter, chiefly because the blessings of the former were offered to the few, while the privileges of the latter were extended to alL We have regarded the new commandment, "Love thy neighbour as thyself," as comprehending entirely the law and the prophets. The leart qf the Christian has beat higher as, calling to mind the address of Paul on Mars Hill to Stoic, Stagyrite, Epicurean, and Platonist, he boasts that his religion proclaims that God made of one blood all nations to dwell on the face of the earth. 'With pride, too, lhe points to the parable wherein the Jewish priest and levite are described as passing by on the other side of the bruised and plundered stranger to their faith and country, while the Samaritan, with whom their relgion prohibited them to have dealings, regarded him as his nei"hbour, because he stood in need of neighbourly offices, and hastened to extendtohim the uinistrations of the charity enjoinedyb Christ. He -bids the world mark how Paul, althouglh the missionary of what theRomans termed a mischievous superstition (exitiabilis superstitio), while he regarded their worshili as a pagan idolatry, claimed andwas admitted to all the privileges and protection of a Roman citizen because he was a naturalized subject of the empire; and he asks-if such wus the policy of even thc civilizedheathen, how much more should it be the principle ofthe enlightened Christian? As the charter, sealed hy the sacrice of the Author asnd Finisher of our faith, was "forall men"-Gentile as well as Jew, " barbarian, Scythian, bond or free1'-so his great example enjoins us, "in honour preferring one another," to eu;ulate that " wisdom from above which is first pure, then peaceable, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality and without hypocrisy." Withshameandgrief,thetrue, in contradistinctionto the merely theological and sectarian Christian demandsif a faith soall-embracingisto be pleaded as the pretext of a narrow-minded policy of exclusivenessif our evangelism is to be founded upon the usurpation of a monopoly of civil privileges-if the political degradation of our " neighbour " can really add lustre to our own religious profession-if by doing dishonour to the worship of the Jew we can possibly do reverence to the faith of the Christian? With indignation he ignores and disowns a policy which attempts to elevate the prevailng faith uDon a fabric of injustice, and to find securities for the estalblished religion in the exclusion of nonconformity from the, community of social rights. Advancing from the defences of evangelismtothe principles of Protestantism, he demands if the intolerance of the Papal theory is to be imported into the practice of the champions of the Reformation; and if the prevailing feature of the latter, the very characteristic from which it derives its name, was not a protest that religious conformity should no longer form a condition precedent to equality of civil rights? We would appeal to the justice and self-resect of our fellow-countrymen, and the sense of shame of our opponents, against the utter inconsistency of our position before Europe in reference to this question. We have just emergedcfrom a war in which Protestant, Catholic, and Mahomedan have fought side by side against a wrong-doing Christian Power, to vndicate the rights of an unbeliever. Nay, although the Turk, on most conscientious religious grounds, cLus a right to degrade the Giasour, sa duty enjoined by the Koran, and, in the very spirit of the Peers, looks upon it as an insult to his own faith to admit unbelievers to its privileges, the most prominent object of the treaty just concluded at Paris has been to raise the Christian subjects of the Sultan to that perfect equality of civil rights with the Mahomedan which Christians in England refuse to concede to the Jewish subjects of the Queen. We are constrained to charge ituponxtheopponents of the emancipation of the Jews that their views are founded on false pretences; and that their theological scruples are a transparent hypocrisy. There is no real or honest endeavour onthe part of the Legislature to mak-e belief in Christianity the basis of legislative powers The law which exacts a sham conformity is a "stumbling block" onlv in the way of the conscientious and devout, but is " foolishness" to the scoffer and the infidel. The law which qualified Gibbon and Bolingbroke, Tooke and Wilkes-which enables IJnitarians, who are charged with. denying "The Lord that bought therm," to sit side by side with those who refuse to concede to them the Christian name-which permits not only non-Christians, but those the English church and bench of bishops declare to be Mlariolaters and anti-Christians, and our Scotch acts designate as the followers of the "man of sin and son of perdition," to legislate for the Hanoverian succession and the Protestant establishmentwhich allows Nonconformists, who declare that the Prayerbook has ruined more souls than the Mass-book, to sit side by side with Churchmen, who every Sunday denounce "false doctrine, heresy, and schism" as deadly sins-is a mere "delusion, a mockery, and a snare," when it strains at the gnat of Judaism, after swallowing such piebaldtheological camels. Is a whole nation, denounced by the hierarchy as active anti-Christian agitators, less dangeroustoProtestant Christianitythan ahandfulof Jews-the chosenpeople of God, the professors of the Decalogue Christians themselves read every Sunday as the summary of theirmoralcode-the providential depositaries of the law and the prophets? Are the Peersto concedetheirprinciplestotheformidable, and wield their naked privilege only against the weak? Is a whole nation to ha branded with the stigma of political -degradation? Are the Queen's subjects, Britishborn and native bred, tohave their liberties made the sport of a chancemedley of the forms of Parliament by the prostitution of the letter of the consttution to purposes to which its spirit is altogether foreign? Were we disposed to plead our cause as high as the facts would warrant, it would indeed be open to us to contend that our member has legally com plied with the requisitions of the law. The sole object of the oath of abjuration is a renunciation of the Stuaxt dynastv. At the table of the house, with the Old Testament in his hand, Baron Rothschild repeated every word of the substance of that oath in the form most binding on his conscience, and omitted only the concluding words of form, to supply others which gave a more solemn sanction to his pledge. These words themselves do not, in strict construction, imply a profession of the ruling faith. The oath does no more tharn;equire the deponent to abjure the Stuart dynasty by a religious sanction which, however satisfactory to the bigotry of its imposers, the law nowhere requires that deponent to profess; and which neither jurists nor casuists hold to be professed by the utterance of these words, any more than an E3nglishman becomes a disciple of Confucius by a MIan. darn, takin" his evidence by Dlacing a saulcer on his head. an honest man is ready to speak the truth, in whatever formhemayberequired toavouch it. Bad our member been as little tender in his conscientious scrupulosities and as judaical in the interpretation of the law as those who have taken advantage of the forms of Parliament to hold the Legislature to an exclusion to which it never consented, he has high judicial authority for the statement that he conld have safely taken the oath in its form, without thereby renouncing the yrofession of Judaismi If we have forborne to enter. upon the question of the expediency or worldly policy of common honesty, it is not from any misgiving of the truth of the axiom of the great .ox, that "what is moraly right cannot be politiclcy wrong." To elevate Jews into the equalities of citizenship Is not necessarily to thrast them into Pa rliament, but only to uplift from them the burden of disability. They may wield the destnies of this empire as Ministers of State-they may from the high throne of public justice settle our laws, and give judgment upon the property, liberty, and lives of the pueen!s Christian subjects. They stand forth as eligibleto fulfil far higher trusts than those to which Parliament could ever call them. If they are confessedly capable of these functions, it cannot, without hypocrisy, be leld that they are unfit for those. There are 30,000 of them among nearly 30,000,000 Christians. Without the consent of the latter they cannot enter the portals of the constitution. and with it what is there for Christians to fear? Are we told, indeed, that a Jew cannot join in the daUy prayer of the Commons? We aslk, how can a Unitarian, a Quaker, a Catholic, or a Dissenter? If it be a service in which all can join, then is its form a compromise of orthodoxy to purcbase a dishonest conformity. If it be obnoxious to the feelings or creed of any of the Christian members, why is the objection raised solely to the prejudice of the Jew ? It is scarcely possible to contemplate a more scandalous abuse of the tecnial machinery of legislation than that which stUIl maintains this obnoxious measure on the statutebook. The faction who oppose Jewish emancipation acknowledge the supererogation, and therefore'the impiety, of the oath of abjuration. They admit that'there remains nobody to be abjured, and that to call on Heaven, to witness the renunciation of the nonentity is a mockery of religion. But while they admit all this-while they are ready to repeal the oath:-they insist on making their withdrawal from a profanation of God amatterof bargain and sale with man. They will only consent to cease to mock the Deity with an idle ceremon,y, on condition of our -agreeing to adopt; new methods of perseculting the Jews They will not part with an oatJ tP a; fiction bu ai pn equivaln To yenewing the fag-end of it in a shape satisfactory to the indulgenco bigotry and intolerAnce. -We trust that it is unneoessary for usto elaborate it greater length the merits of the cause we have undertaceft to support. We shall oontent ourelves, therefore, withL saying now and here that we have elected ourmember- agnst no laF, in opposition to no doctrina of our legisla-- tion, in the exercise of our undoubted function Of free choice; that that choice involves the peculiar privileges oE the Comimons and of the ,eople alone; and that,-as it is for 31o object of personal ambition and from no mere imperiousv -nessof will that upon us hs fallen the duty of vnaiatingthe privileges of our order, so, while we are supporte& byr Govermment, by public opinion, by the people xnd thbirrepresentatives for whose rights we contend, we shU -i ot. retire froia the field until we have made it our own. W. J. TAL, Tower Ward. B. WHITESIDE, Aidgate Ward. JOHN PARKER, Cripplegate within. GEORGE SCAELL ?arringdon-without, north WILrT AI RK, Farringdon without, soutbhBENJAMIN S. PHILLIPS, Faningdon vithiin. JOHN STEWART, Chea Ward . W. WHITE, iun., Cheap W- ROEBERT BESLEY, Aldergate War JOHN BENNETr, Cheap War M. SAWARI), iFarringdon without, south. H. P. BUXCKER. Bassishaw Ward. IE NRY FAUDEL, Farringdon within. THIOMAS BRETT, Csipplegate within. HlENRY VYSE, Cripplegate wvithin. JOSEPH SURP, Cheap Ward GEORGE wALT Parringdon without, sout4. J. PARRfION, Cheap Wad D. IAURIE, Bread-sree Ward. MARCUS TRAVERS, Broad-street Ward. THOMAS EIRBY, ILngbourne Ward. -T. H. HALL, Coleman-street Ward. WILLIAM P. ROCK, Waibrook Ward. J. UNDERWOOD, B" tWari T. WEBBER, Langbonrne Ward. EFEINGHAM WILSON, Cornhill Ward. VILLIA PICKLING, Broad-street Ward. *. J. TRAVERS, Walbrook Ward. JOHN DILLON, Cripplegate without. [Ward.: IDAVID WILLIAMS W , Alderman, WalbrookF JOHN P. GASSIOT, Iangbourne WardL FREDERICK PATTISON, Broad-street. MATTHEWU UZELLI, Bridge Ward. THOMAS CERISTY, Bridge Ward. F. BENNOCH, Cripplegate wnthin. SEPTIfUS READ, Cripplegate without. T. J. HOLT, CastleBaynard Ward. GEORGE MOORE, Brmad-street Ward. JOHN P. POSTER, Cripplegate within JAMES ANDERTON, Fxrringdon without, south. SAMUEL G LL, 4ATCriIte without. HENRY HO1?PE, Co T. G. DODD, Aldgate Ward. WILLTAM LISTER, WalbrookWard. JAMES CORNELL, TowerWard. JOHN JAME S HOMER, Cornhill Ward. JAMIES R. CARR, Bishopsgate Ward. W. STEVENS, Depuity, Bishopsgate within. BENJAMIN WILSON, Walbrook Ward. HENRY ROCK, Walbrook Ward. JEREIAH COLMA, Bridge Ward. THOMAS BARKLEY, Aldgate Ward. HE_N\RY TKEELNG, Bridge Ward. JOHN ADAM.S. Aldgate WVard. WILLIAM TYIER. Queenhithe Ward. J. G. RHOADS, Portsokcn Ward. REPOBT OF THE LoNDoN LIBERAL REGISTRATIo AssO- CIATION, RELATIVE TO THE REPs.RSlFSTAT7O0' OF = CITY ASAFFECrED BY THE DISABrxES OF THE JEWS. The citizens of London have three times successively returned Baron Lionel Rothschild to represent them in Parliament. In adopting this important step they only followed. up the will of the nation and the policy of the Crown andof the Commons, repeatedly, emphatically, and for many continuous preceding years expressed by petition and vote. In 1830 Mfr. Euskisson advocated a petition for Jewish emancipation, signed by the Mayor, the corporation, every banker, every considerable merchant, and some clergymen. of the established church of the town of Liverpool. In April of the same year his colleague, Mr. Grant (now Lord Glenelg), carried the first reading of the bil for the removal of Jewish disabilities by a majority of 18, the present Earl of Derby voting in the majority. On the 17th of May Br. A. Baring presented a petition, signed by 14,000 of the chief citizen,s of London, in support of the bilL On the14th of December Lord Bexley, the great patron of all Christian religious objects, presented to the House of Lords, and warmly supported, a petition to the lke effect. In 1833 a similar bill passed through the House of Commons by a majority of 137, with the sanction of the advisers; of the Crown. In 1834 a Jewish Disabilities Relief Bilw carried triumphantly through the Lovrer Rouse by Large majorities, 23,398 of the chief citizens of London, 7,000 of. those of Wes;tminster, and 6,200 of those of kEdnburgh having supported it by petition. The Lord Chancellor took charge of the measure i the Upper House. In 136 the uccess of the measure in the Commons v.was so decisive that the opposition had dwindUed down to 22, the constitutional advisers of the Crown being among the earnest supportersof the bilL Meanwhile, in 183, Jews were rendered eligible to theoffice of sheriff. The Sovereign, the head of the establishedc. Christian church, has appointed Jewish gentlemen for highsheriff of Kent, Sussex, Surrey, Devonshire, and Bucks ; while the Christian communities of London and Middlesex, having, in reference to these counties, the right of election, took the earliest Opportunity of the relaxation of the lair to present a Jewish high sheriff for the approbation of the Ctrow. In 1846 Jews were admitted to municipal offices. on the motion of the then Lord Chancellor, and many have been since elected by their Christian fellow-citizens, Mr. Salomons, the present Lord Mayor of this chief city of theempire, being among the number. In 1847 the House of-Commons, by a majority of 73. affirmed the principle of Jewish emancipation. In 1848 the third reading of a bill for that object was. carried by a majority of 6L In 1849 the second reading of a like measure had a,, majority of 93. In 1850 Mr. Hume's motion to have Baron Rothschild sworn on the Old Testament was sustained by amajority of' 54; and a subsequent motion of the Attorney-General, pledging the House to adopt a *Jewish lRelief Bill next session, had a majority of 36. In 1851 the iirst reading of that measure was carried bya majority of 6FY; and in lY2 the third reading was carried vithont a division. In 1853 a similar measure passed the C-ommons by a. mnajority of 5S. Among the most zealous promoters of Jewish emancipation in Parliament were comprised Messrs. Husldsson, Grant, Canning, the Barings, Lord G. Bentinck, the Dukez Of Sussex, Lord MLtelboume, Lord Brougham, Lord Denman, Lord Lyndhurst, Lord John Russell, the late Sir Robert Peel, Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Disraeli, tho present Prime Minister, Archbishop Whateley, Bishop Thirlwall, the Bishops of Norwich and Durham, Lord Stanley, Justice. Talfourd-in a word, nearly all the leading statesmen of both. Houses and of every party. In this the names of Peel audBentinck, Bright and Gladstone, Disraeli and Cobden, RoebuckandBexley, on all other occasions so diametricallyopposed, are to be found in harmonious juxtaposition. In 184S, 70 of the chief cities (including the three capitals). and principal municipal towns of the empire presented petitions, under seal, in their corporate capacity, to the House of Commons, in support of the removal of Jewish dis. abilities. The only municibal body which opposed their removal was the sufficiently notorious borough of Sudbury. At the same time 132 petitions were presented to the House of Commons from the inhabitants of the chief towns in support of Jewish emancipation, signed by upwards of 300,000 citizens. Those in opposition did not exceed 15,000. We have submitted this review of the more recent historvof the question of Jewish disabilities in order to remind youoftheactiveshareyeouhave, by yourselves and your:representatives taken in the promotion of Jewish emancipation in nearly every sessions f Parliament since 1829 ; and to show that it was no rash step or ill-considered impulse which committed the electors of London to this struggle tomnaintain their traditional position in the van of thi assertors of the prnciple of religious freedom. For 17 yar petition after petition of the great communities of the king. dom had been presented to the Legislature for the removal of Jew ish disabilities;- for that considerable interval, motion after motion had been carried by triumphant majorities. of the House of Commons for the admission of Jcvws to, Parliament. It is now upwards of 26 years since thic moveTnent actively commenced; and not until the people, tha Commons, and the advisers of the Crown had again and again proclaimedtheassent of twobranchesof the constitution did the citizens of the chief city of the empire resolve to' take upon themselves the responsibility of giving practical effect to the will of the nation, thusiemphatically declared, by electtg Baron Rothschild as nmember for London in 1847, 1S49, and 1852. The repe of the Test and Corporation Acts, the full accomplishment of Catholic emancipation, the removal of the disqnulification of the Jews for' magisterial and municipal offices, the whole course of our jurisprudence in reference to judicial oaths, the concession to Mr. Pease of the right to affirm when the lawv required him to swrear, andto omcitfromhis afiirmation the words "on the trne faith of a Christian," the exemption of the Catholics from the repetition of these words, and their omission from the form of affirmation prescribed by special statute to Quaker members nf Parliament-al these are solemn acts of the Legislature, recognizing and, adopting the policy to which the citizens of London have sought but to give the crowning sanction. That inthusenforcing the principle of civil liberty and political coualitythey have done no dishonour to religion or injury to6Cristianity they are fullyreassured bythe fact that two arch: bishops an& nine his ops of the established church of thin coutry voted in support of the bill for the removal of Jewish disabilities, For nearly nine years one-fourth part of the representation of London has been practically in abeyance. This anomaly has been the result of the continuous exercise of the veto of the Peers upon the repeated decisions of the Ministers of the Crown and of the House of Commons. It is for the electors of London to say whlether they will continue to maintain the course on wvhich they have entered, and reciprocate the support they have received from Her Majesty's Mimisters and from the representatires of the people; or vwhetber it is now their pleasure to ignore all their former acts, and desert the Comnons and nearly all the leading statesmen of every party, in deference to the bare exercise of the privilege of the Upper House. If it be the opinion of this Association that the electors should retreat from the further prosecution of this great obJect, n general election wil enable them to give a natural solution to the dilemma in which the representation is placed. If, on the contrary, it be their continued resolution firmly to adhereto the course inthe adoption of whichthey have beer, so graciously sustained bv the press, the people, the Commons, and the Ministers of the Crown, then it will be desirable that that resolution should be again at once solemnly affirmed, and that a committee sbould be appointed to embody in an address to the nation the reasons which justify the prosecution of the course to which, by that resoin-tion, they wil be eommitted.-By order of the committee, IL IT. RESCOTT, Chairman. 4, Viarlotte-xow, Feb. 26, 1856
B OARDI and LODGING WANITED, for a lady, nanight-terrace. BQ OARD WANTED. for a permanency, by the widow of n oficr,in repetabe frnlyo no lss than four. Terms £35 er anum Coud funis herownroom. Address J. W. H., A~ARD nd LODING REUIRED,by a younforegn entema, i a entel rivte anuy u th west en(t preerrd,sadals wernthe ae n oterboarders.Ad dres. wih paticuars.tO J IC,26~ ark-ane.city. 7-n OARD) and RSD N E ina lady's house, near Jjtheptsrks, suitabl fra gentlean or married couple desiring a pleasant home and eoia cofr.Situation healthy and affording easyams to the city. Address Alh,Scadding's library, Belgrave read, Pimlico. BOARD and RESIDENLCE.-Brightoa.-The B ALBEMAARLE, 7. Marine-parade, opoIe h i'er. Very ad4antageoua arrangements can be made at thisseaon for the rweetio Cf families tthea above establishment, on moderAte termsl. Priat sittiag rooms for invalids. Address to the Proprietor. BOARD and RESIDENCE, Partial or full, of a sB 3upero kid, are OFFERED to a, gentleman, in thiu house of a _ayliignear the Camden Stato. LuclUSive terms. 1as. and 2sb. pe _ee.References required.-A. N.. Messrs. Hall's. Cambridgeterrace. Camden Villas-road. BOARD), in a family, residing at Kensington, in the Brtctureseiue and healthy neighbbourhood of Camaptien-hill. Any party wishing to join a small social circle would find a pleasant comfortable home. Calls or lettera to C. Zf.. Coreyer's, Cobourg-place, Bayvwater. BOARtD and RESIDENCE.-Vcry superior accomB modation is OFFERED in a lai- and elegant establishment, in thle nei..Flbourhood of Hy de-park-gardlens to parties wvho wish to avail themse±vesi of a select and well-appointed residence in this desirble locallity during~ the approaching season. For cards of address apply to C. C.,Mr, CaYder's. library. Eathurrl-detret. Hyde-par-kgardeles. B OARD and RESIDENCE.-A mnarriied physician, J whose howne is large and in a commanding situation (wrest end), Wishes to RECEIVE a LAD-Y, or Twvo Relatives, or an Invalid not Mentally alfliteted. into his house, to BOAR1D with his domuestic cheerful family. Society mnost select. Only one party taken. Reference; exchanged. Apply to C. A., Messrs. Beadell's. confectioner's 8, Verestreet, Cavendish-square. nADand RESIDENCE W-ANTD, ora lady, JLFwt ,view to permanency, in a small s-leetlde' sc.hool, or in the lsa'.se of a widow lady where there are no other boarders or lodgers in the necighbourhnood or within a mile or two of London. A Large airy Led room, with fire- place, indispensable, andI sitting room. References gives and reuired. Address, stating terms, free of expen,se, to H. 31., M1r. Ferriman's, stationer, 19, Albany-street, Rtegenat's- B -OARD and RESIDENCE REQUIRED, by a LPgentlemann of geed position, in the house of a wvidowv lady or small family of the highest respectability, wh-ere no other persons are receised. The best society, an elegant home, and a liealthy situation indispensable. iStables on the premilses or inthe neighbouirhood, No medical men, neesly, or second-rate people need reply to this advertisemnent. Address, wish real name, and all particulars, which will ho treated contide"tially, to Rtex, Mr. Hiayes, post-office, Lyall-place, BEaton-squar.e. BVRIGHTON.-~Superior BOARD and RESI- _"DENCE.-A. lady and her daughter, of inidependent means, having ass elega ntly furnished hiouse at the west end of Brighton, can offer first-class accommodation to a lady or gentleman, or a married couple. Referenices exchanged. Address toXN.Y.ZN..,6,Montpellierplace. Brighton. - ANSA E -B A D adRESIDENCE. Thsetbihet- nqaldb n nBiho _LfLatlies and genitlemnen can be accommodated with all the comforts of a private family during the spring months. on very moderate terms, at Mrs. COOPER's select boarding establishment. 312, Spencer-square, West Cliffi 7FARM-HO0 USE.-BOARD and LODGILNG may be JI'obtainedI in a farm-house, moot delightfully situate about 20 miinutes' w,alk fromi a railwayjatation, amndseven miles from London. Stabling if required. For particulars apply to A. B., M1r. Colyee's, 17, EenchRch-'str,eet. P ARTIAL BOARD, &c.-To Gentlemen.-A private family, of gareat respectability, offer a cheerfuil and superior 3HO3ER in the best part of Chelsea, convenient for boat or omnibus. Terms I1s- per week. Addressz to F., IMacmichael's library, King's-road Chelsea. mpo CITY GENTLEMEN.-One or two 'sentlcmeii Jtcan beacommodated writh PARTIAL BOARD, Be4 and Sitting Room,. in a'respectahle family, for 12s. icr wveek. Five minutes' walkfrom Blackhscath. No other ledgers. leo extras. Address B. A., 3, Waterloo-teraee, Lewisham, Kent. FPOG be LET, a FIRST FLOOR, tinfeernished, close to XBrun-sw,ick-square, consisting of three rooms, wsth kitchen, and bed room if requireet Rental mioderate. Apply at Lane's printingOffice. 43, Lamb's Conduit-street. six doors from the Founidling Institution. 0 CONTRYSHOPKEEP'ERS, Farmers, andI T adnrs.-The friends of a person, about 40 years of ago, are desirous of 6obtaining for him BOARD, Lodging, and W%ashing, in the house of a, person in either of the above or sinsilar occupations. £20 per annum andI his s;ervices part of the day wvould be given for this accommnodation. Address T. H.. 71. Coleman-street. AHORf%. in ERMLANY.-A comnfortable HM A isOYrE ED,in peasnthealthily-situate tw uSouth Gerniany. to young lashies wishing to perfect themsselees in German and to see the cosintey. or to ladies wishing for a comfortable home on mnoderate terms. The highest references can be given, For further particulars apply at Mr. Thimm'es, German bookseller, 3. Brook-street, Groavenor-sluare. R, USSELL-SQUARE.-BOARD and RESI- DEN)2C`E.-A lady, occupying a commodious and handsomely furnished hous,e, receives a select number to boantI with her. The dowmesticarrangements are such as to ensure personal comforts combine-I wills agreeable sciety, The vacancies are suitable for a married couple, or parties requiring acheerful and perman3ent homie. Addres H.Hf.. 2O. U pper Redford-place. T INVAILIDS.-A mtarried MI.D., residing within Tashort disltanceof town, on the Great WVestern line, having a house d-lghtfuslly situate in its own grounds, wishes to RECEIVE a GENTLEMAUN. One suffering from nervous or other affection would rind this adesirable home. Terms moderate. Addrezssto MI.D.,7NMr. LcmwaKs, S. Orchard-streett Fortman-square. 1AISor otherxs-se.---A gentlewoman and T 0,I-N1i:e- . living in the mnost healthy part of Kenninzton. nea th pa . .r,gaZrden back and front, wishes to take CHARUGE of an LNVALID LD,or Gentleman, being much accustomed to the like. Reference to the f,ceulty and clergy. No other lodgers or s-oung children, Termis moderate. Apply all1, Canterbury-row, Kenning-t-nroad. AT ENITAL AFFiECTIONS.-A married physician, . SJspecisily engaged ini the treatment of mental affections, has a VACANCY fo-r a LADY or GENTLEMIA-N, who may be labonring under any of the milder forms of mental disorder, to reside in his own family. His residlence is beautifully situa,te ashen distance from town. Address ilL.ID.. Mtessrs. C-ox and Son's, Southampton-street, Stra nd, APARTMIENTS to beLET,Fuirnished, at 46, Uger ABerkeley-street, Postman-square, consisting of two good w.- mg rooms, four or five bed rooms, and dining rooms ir reisrd Good coo-in-gand attendance. Termsmnoderate. References exchanged. A PARTMLENTS, Fnirnished.-A handsomie three- wZ3LrintmoTwedI DRAWNDG ROOM, Bed and Dressing Rooms, en suite, fsr53 guineas per annum. Extra bedl room if reqjuired. Also Ground1 Floor, with olliees, furniszhed or unfurnished. Apply to 35, Duke-street, St. -Jamness. A PARTMNE-NTS-a hands-ome well Furnished ---Drawing Room, and Bed1 Room adjoining. Situation healthy, front'and rear of horrse very openi and airy, Rent, including linen, good attentanre. kitchien firing. Ac.. Los, per week. No children), famluy very smalL Suitable fora single gentleman. llighiy respectable referenices given and expected--2.), Beaumont-square, Mile-end-road. A PARTMENTS, Ftirnished.-LNew Pimlico.-A '-lady, occupying a well FURLNISHED HOUSE. in she best part of thlis desirable locality, desires toLET a PART to one or two single gentlemeni. N,ear to the Houses of Parlament. and fare by omninous and boat to the city ed1. unit 3d. As it is not a lodging-house the comforts of a private !linus may be secusred, Fro address, Ac., aipply to Mrr. Bring. bootmaker. 6. Glxasshouse-etreet, Regent-street. APARTMEN-TS--To bbe LET, Ftsrnislsed, in a deAtachedI bouse.-delightfully situate. foitr nniles from the Marble Arch. on the Edgeseare-roal. TIVO large BED ROOM1S and one SITTI-Nt EOi)M. w-ith delightfulviews back and front; also large heower and kitchen ganleirs, w,ith coachi-house atnd stabling. Good references given and required, For address ap ly to Mr. D. A. P.amsay, auctioneer and housen agn, 79 Kin Wilam-street. city. FUR-NISHED APARTMENTS-lofty drawvin Froom and two or three bed rooms, with dining room if requir~ed, Use of long garden-2H0. Maida-vale. FURtNISHED APARTMNEN~TS, stiitahic for a nLobienian or member of Parliament.-5, Vigo-street, Regent- F URNISHED APARTMILENTS to be LET, in a _J'priv-ate family, close to Bedford-square. Ternisnmoderate. For c irds of address apply at Messrs. Swale andlWilson's library, Great Russell-street. Bloomns-ury. FURNISHED APAVRT-MENTS, for genltlemen or Fthree or fosre friends, consisting of good bed rooms anid use of sitting roomL, and attenidance,.willspartialwnord if required. Terms very moderate.-At Mrs;. C'roso's, 37. Luedgate-street, St. Paul's. F UNIHED APARTMENTS, for a gentleman, in t'he` nighborrrhool of Eecleston-sqiuare. There are no lodgers. Apply by letter to B. -A-, care of Mr. Searle, bake;, 34, Warwick-street, Pim lico. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ FURtNISHED APARTMNENTS to he LET, for gentlemien-a sitting room andI bedI room, with attendance, boot-. elesin, c. Terms Ifs. per week. No extnsz. Also an additional bed mon If reuired, 4Is. per week. Ths above is well adaptedI for two friends,-12. Hlarpur-street, Queenu-square. Itolborn. F URINISHED.-To ho LET, TWO DRAWVING IROOM1S, witls folding doors and one or two Bed Rooms, pleasaintly situate, near Kensington-gardens. Rooms large andI airy. Board if requiei. ApplIy to A. 3I., Burbige's library, Grove-terrmce, opposite the Royal Oak, Eisywater. FURNISHED APARTMlENTS to be LET in the 'lnsighhourhood of Russell and Tavistoek-o;q;area-two lofty and ehegaut:y fumished drawing roomis, with one, twvo, or more bedI rooms, wthor without attendlance, Apply to Mr. Parker, 42, Keppel-street, Ruse--I-.uare. FURNZISHED APARTMIENTS for one or twvo genFtlenien. conslisting of a large front sitting room and dlouble beddled room on the first Iboor, Termsfor one lls.. for twol4I. pDer week,. No children or other lodgers. Apply to E. G., 53, St. Paul-street, New North-road. Islington. -UR.NISHED APARTMNENTS, suitable for a city F gertlemn-ahandsome spacieism Dmawint Room floor, comn nmctrbyfoldin-g dloors, in a highly respects. le famiily, situate 37. 4Glocester-plarce, New-road, near Edgeware-road. Terms, if for a pernmanency; extremnely mederate. Ominibuses pass the house. FURN ISHED A-PARTMNENTS.-A lady wishes to FLET a SEITTING, with either two or three BED ROOMS. The h-ousec si-tuate within a fewminutes of Higtibury Station. Two servants kept, and no chMilren. Terms mnoderate. Address H. J., Ptureys music warehouse. St. Paul's-churchyard. Fl,URNiISHiED APARTMENTS to be LET, in the rr.ost pleasant prt of Pckham, consisting of two large bed rooms and tluo parlorXs, with folding doomr Would not object to an invalid lady or gentlean. Terms moderate. Apply to Mtr. Henry Farmer, frnitcrcr. High-street. Peckham. FURNISHED APARTMENTS lWA?NTED.-A lady3and gentlemanREQUIRE a SITTING ROOM mid TWO BED ROOMS, within an easy walk of the city. The neighbourhood of Bronrswick-siuare preferred. Terms must not exceed 50 gtuneas per annum. Adldress,with full particulars. to P.r., 46, Theobald's-road, Graf'stars. FU3?Ni IS1IED APARlTMIENTS.-A priivate family, 1 residing- in an open healthy situation, w ithin balf an hour's vwalkr of the city, and 20 minutes' of Oxford-street. wish to LET asussusuallylarge and wellFURNISHED DRAWINGandBEDROO'M communicating: a kitchen also if requnired. For cards apply, after 2 o'clock. at M1r. Hackney's. 6, AIbten-placo, Kin'es-crus. F URNISHED APARTMENTS-Drawinr Room 1 andBedRoom.-Acomfortable and quiet IOMIE iSFFERED to a rngle gentlem.an in the neighbourhood of the Camden-road, Holloway. Omnibuses to the city and west end every 20 minutes. Ternms £45 per annum. Address I, G., '3ir.Piggott's. 2, Wellington-place, HoUovway. F URN;ISHED APARTMENTS to be LET, BelF ugravi3 sonth.-A gentleman. occupying a larger HOUSE than he requires, is desirouis of LETTING the UPPER PORTION, consistingoftwohandsome drawing rooms, with two or three bed spoms, Terms 2 6.ineas per weete. which includes attenlance, use ofKranoforte, liren. and plate. Gas laid on to chandeliers. Apply at 69. Stanley-street, Eccleston-square. Pimlico. IJNFURNI1SHED APART.oeENTS to be LET, ia a p rivate house, beautifully situate-a drawiing room floor, kitches, and coal cellar. E:rtra bed coons it required Chidhlren objected to. Terms moderate. Apply at 7, Kcnoington-P.ark-termace north, N!otting-hill. U N1FURNISHED.-To he LET, in a highly reap cot- a able and clears house, a GROUNJD FLOOR, consisting of two p>rett7parloms,withkltchen.at-E20perannum. Or aDrawingRoom xWcor, with same Kitchen. at £22. Apply at 14. Denbigh-plhce, Belgrave-road. Pimhico. ITNURNISH;ED APARTMENTS WANTED, in tJtloneihborhoo ofReget crcus bya prfessonal musical gentleman-baDrawingRoomfloonr, ints private house with attendunco. Being req'iired for a permanenry, the rent must be very moderate. A gtod street necessary. Address B. II., lMessrs. Cramer, Bleak', an&C.'s Reasgent-street. TT-N-FURNISEED APARTBIENTS.-WANTED, J by a lady, for a permanency, in the immediate nelghbourhood of rPortan :-:ace a DRIAWVING ROOM F0011 and one Bed .ogn, sn: RiUchea. '7esG, prs-lpsd to LS. D., *atang terihi (moderate), &c, to307, Regent-street. ED ROOM WANTED, to be r9ed as sittins room > also; 20 minutes' walk of the city. Address C. F., Mfr. urner'es chymist, 2, Osendou-street. Haymarket. Large airy BED ROOM to be LET, in the house of a3 private famly, with use of sitting roomtoreceivefiends. Ad.re-s S. U.. post-ofice. Abbey-road. St. John's-wood. rp() GENTLEMIEN.-APARTMENTS, handsomely T Furnished, in 31ortimer-street, Cavendish-square-tw.o bed rooms and sitting room, en suite, ad1apted for one or two gentlemen. Terms very moderate. Inquire at 4, Mortimer-street, Cavendshslequare. XYDENHAM.-LODGINGS WANTED, in the vicinity of the Crystl Palace, for a short time, by a family, who wll require two single and twvo double bed rooms, or five beds and drawing room. Address 3L, 16, Gutter-Line. T11O be L,,& in the best ipart of Islington a SLEEP- IN-G Al TMENT for a shngle gentleman, vith use of sitting roem and piano if required, or further accommodation. Apply to MIr. Luff, chymnist, f5, Goswell-road, islington. rilO be LET unfurnished, the UPPE PART of a J_ HOUSE. with large kitchen, *c., together or separately. 6, Charles. street west, Glocester-terrace, within five minutes'7walk of Kensingtongardens. Hyde-park, and near the Great Western Railway. T EWISHAM.-To be LET, in the pleasantest part ,L of Lewisham, a SITTING R003 and BED ROO3L Furnished, for a single gentleman. Terms 6s. per week. Railway fare 4d Apply to A. B., 8, Retreat, Lew siham. R IOINOND, Kew .-WANTED, TWO BED W ROOMS and SITThNG ROO31, Furnished with partial board, for two gentlenmen, near a railway station, on either of the abovo lines, and neagr ethe river. Apply by letter, stating terms, &c., to H H. T., past-office, Vauxhiall. A SITTIN-(G and BED ROOMto be LET, genteelly urnishea, pleasantl situate, looking over a nursery ground, in lfodov.-y, nearthePfornseyroad. Omnibuses passing every five msaute to al parts of London. Private family. Teres moderate. Apply to T. Piggott, baker, Holloway-road. ?][O be LET (Clapham), PART of a double-fronted SHOP, in High-street,vwith two, four, or sigrooms. Rent lowr. The present occupier having been established 26 years, wishes a light fancy business to harmoni7e with his. Address No. 1, Lavender Villas, Wandsworth. rilo FOREIGNERS and other GENTLEMEN en- Y1 gaged during the eay.-APARTAIENTS, handsomely Furnished, consistng of drwing room and one or two bed rooms, to be LET, fire minutes' walk irons the hEoyal Oak. No other lodgers. The use of a fine-toned piano. Terms moderate. Address R. O., Greens library, 1. Chichester-place, Harrow-road. F&ESIRABLE APARTMEINTS, Furnished in the JLJ beat part of PNotting-hill, Bayswater, erlenstre vs back and front. remarkably healthy-a large Sitting Room, with Bed and Drc-ssing Room adjoining, in a well-built house, with every convenience. Terms two guineas per week, with attendance. Address Ir. Onwhyn, wine merchant. 1 a, Catherine-street, Strand. IOUNTRY APARTMENTS.-.WANTED, for a rfew months. by a gentleman and his wife, without children comfortable FURMISHED APARTMElTS, (farm-house prefirred, vwith attendance. Terms muat be moderate. A convenient distance per rad from town (London-bridge Terminus preferred). Address, stating terms and accommodation, to A. M., care of Mr. G. Blight, stationer, 1tS. Fenchurch-street. A WIDOW LADY, of inde endence, is desirous of 1 LETTLNG PART of her HO IS Furnished. to a lady and servant, or lady and gentleman, and servant. There are no childrep or other parties in the house but the occupier and servants. It is close to iensingtou-gsrdens, and adjoins Inverness-terrace. References given and required. Address L. F., Porclerter library, Queen's-road, Bays. water. L MPROVED LODG1INGS for FAMILIES, in sets E of two and three rooms, with separate water closets to each. Rent from 5s. to 6s. d.. a week. Apply at Nelson-square, NeLson-street. Snow's-fields. Bermondsey; Pancras-square, Old Pancras-road; and Metropolitan-build1ngs, Albert-street, Mile-end New-town. MIPROVED LODGINGS for SINGLE MlEN.- I Separate FURNISHED BED ROOMS, with the use of kitchen, coffee and reading rooms, cookigD utensils. and crockery, at the Metropdllln Chambers, Albert-street, MUe-end Nfew-town, within five minutes' walk of Hanbory's brenery, Brick-lane, Spitalfields. Rent 3s. a week. And at 3X. Old Compton-street, Soho-rent 3s. 6d. a week. C HAMBERS.-WANTED, for residence, near to the Royal Exchange, a SET of two or three ROO5S ; furnished preferrede. As the occupancy would most likely be permanenit the terms must be moderate. Address B. G. H., care of C. Glenny, 33. Lonbarl-street, city. F URN7ISHtED CHAMBERS or unfurnished, to be FuL`ET, and the Furniture to be Sod by valuation, consisting of five rooms and water-closet. Rent £25. Apply for keyto viewv to the laundress, 29, Fetter-lane. LBAANY, Piccadilly.-To be LET, a desirable SET of CHAMBERS, in the Albany. The reception and morning rooms have lofty painted ceilings; there isa gothic billiard or dining room, bed, dressing, and bath rooms. The entrance to servants' rooms, kitchen, cellars, &-c.. may be kept distinct. Apply to the Secretary, Albany-courtyard,Piccadilly. j'AFFICE WAANTED, on the ground floor, facing the sJstreet, either in Pall-mall, St. James's-street, West Strand, or Charing-cross, orthe immediate neighbourhood. Full particulars to be addrersev to A. B. C. D.. 32, Hatton-garden. Q FFICES and CELLARS.-To Wine Merchants, Stockbrokers, &c.-To be LET, THRYEgood WYINE CELLARS, :!25: a Front Otrice, on groand floor, £f25; and twvo other Offices, £25 each, at 30, Great Winchester-street, Broad-street. Apply to the housekeeper. OFFICES or CHAMIBERS.-Asplendid SUITE of oground floor OFFICES, of three rooms. adapted for a professional man, public company, or institution, to be LET. The situation is select central, and of known value. For address apply to 1essrs. Brooks and Beal, land agents, 20, PlccadiUv. "A ARK-LANE.-Ground Floor, INo. 76.-To be LE'T, excellent OFFICES. Apply to Ellis and Son, 3G, Fenchurch-street; or MIr. J. Clabon, 34, Sething-lane. TATERSIDE PREMISES "ANTED, near the W Docks, Middlesex side. Apply by letter, post paid, to 'W. 0. Cameron, provision niercbant. 9, Camomile-street, city. H OUSE WVANTED, containing 10 or 11 room suitable for 3 family, near London. Address to A. B., 27, Bishopsgate within. 1J'ARM. - WAsNTED, to RENT, immediately, in tants, Sussex, or Surrey. a sralU FARM, of from 100 to 200 acres of stock land, wvith comfortable residence, &c. Address Mr. E. Hellis, e3tate agent. do.. Alton. Hants. pO USE VANTED, in the City.-WANTED, be- I tween this and 15th June, in any genteel quiet street, near the Bank as possible. A small family. Rent must be moderate, and 3tated. Pre-paid applications to A. B., care of Messrs. Algar and Street, 11 Clement's-lane, city. rpo PURCHEASE.-WANTED, an S or 10 roomed s HOUSE, in a respectable locality, within 15 minutes' walk of the New-road: north side preferred. Address, stating full particunars, J. 3., care of Mr. Thorp, auctioneer and estate agent, 26, Upper Albany-street, RePgent's-park. LOCESTER-GATE, Regent`s-park.-VANTED, G in the immediate neighbourhood of Glocester-gate, a FURNISHED RESIDENCE, containing drawing and dining rooms, and not less than foiur bed rooms. Apply to Mr. Thorp, auctioneer and estate agent. 26, Albany-street. C'IOTTAGE WVAvNTED, detached, within 15 miles of Le ondon, and one of a station on the South-Western Railway, with eight rooms and kitchen, and good garden. Possession at Mlidsummer wvould not be objected to. Full particulars, wiith shze of best rooms and garden, and rent (which must be very molderate), to A. B., past olnice, Vigo-street. Regent-street. mOWN HOUSE.-WANTED, to RENT on LEASE at Per annns, a private RESIDENCE, situate in Caveudish, Hanover. or Manchester squar-es,Brook-street, Saville-row, or in any coed situation, from one mile to one mile and a half west of Lseicester-square. Immediate possession required. Full particulars tube forwardedto Messrs. Green. house agents and auctioneers, 28, Old B nd-street. (Townu department.) C OUNTRY RESIDENCE REQUIRED.-To House Agents and others.-A liberal commission will be paid:-WANTED, fora term, about 10 miles from town!' andwithin a mileof a rait. way station to the city, a RESIDENCE, with about nine rooms, including domestic offices, a good garden, cbaise house, and stabting. A detached residence preferred, with a few acres of meadow land Address G. R. B., Mlessrs. Buck and Straker's, printers, Billiter-street, city, S URREY or KENT.-WANTED, a detached HOUSE or COTTAGE, containing two sitting and four bed rooms, with servauts'rooms, kitchen and good domestic offices; stable and coach-house, garden and paddok. It must be iwithin two mUes of a raiway station, not more than three-quarters of an hour's drive by railway, norlessthanninemiles from the city. he situation must be high, and the soil gravel. Address C.Y., Mr. Gordon's, news agent, 146, Laadenalltreet, stating full psarticulars, including rent, which must b,e moderate. F (PRNISHED RESIDENCE.-WANTED, to - l'ENT, by the year. by a gentleman whose family consist-of his wife and daughter, a FURtNISH COTTAGE RESIDENCE, or moderate-si7ed House, in any healthy neighbourhood, England or WVales, where boating (river orlake) with good fishing can be enjoyed, and some shootiig be procured (by renting or otherwise) in the vicinity. Two or three sitting rooms and sic bed rooms. including scrvhats', with good oftices, necesary. The tenant wouldbe found a careful one, and therent mu-t be moderate. Possesslon desiredbyor before June. Ad. dress, with fall particuflars, size of rooms, lc., to Captain M., 12, Parkplace, Cheltenham. CHA-LNGE of RESIDENCE.-A gentleman, b having a handsomely furnished, semi-detached villa, near to the (ilocester-gate of the Regent's-park (the back windows having a view of the park), and consisting of breakfast, dining, and double drawing room, fouir bed rooms. anteroom and boildoir, and aU other requisites for a town residence, is des:rous of residing in the country, distant from 7 to 30 miles from London, for the next 3, 6, or 12 months, in a house po,sessii,g equivalent properties. The neighbourhood of the London and South-Vestern Rafiway would be preferred, but other localities wvold not be objected to. Address I. T. N., post-office, Camden-towv. LONDON and CONTINENTAL ESTATE and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENCY OFFICES, 18S, Strana, comerofArundel-atreet.-.lessrs.JEFFEY,CLAAR.IE,andCo.re-pect- fuliy invite the attentionofproprietors,sodoitors,trustees, executors,and othlers interested in the disposal of estates. residences, ground rents, reversions, ilfe interests. English and foreign shares, and other properties, to the facilities offered1 through theiragencies. Particularsof property for sale or letting forwar(ded to their offices will be inserted on their books free of charge. Parties purposing a temporary or permanent residence on the continent are invited to communicate as above. W7EST's PERFECT WATCHES, at 50s. each VV have strong jewelled movements, in sterling silver cases, are of all tho usual Sizes, and are the cheapest watchcs ever produced Perfect watches, in gold Cases, four, fiTe, and six giineas cact. Tobe had only of Thomas NVest, 18, Ludgate-street, nextto No. 1, St. Pauns I,TATCHMAKERS and GOLDSMITHSW T HAWLEEYS', 120, Oxford-street, and204, fHigh Holborn, (from 75, Strand,andCoventry-street).-ElegaatGOLD WATCHES, jeweled in four holes. horizontal movement, 23 10s. . gold lever and duplex watchee, highly finlished, from 12 guineas to 35 guineas; silver wratetie, jewelled in four holes. manatainin,g powrer, richiy.engravedcases sand dia4s £ O5. ; silver lever wratcese, fromu £3 lrs. to 10guineas. Iiine Gold Chains, comlmencing at £11I03, each. F~DEST, 61, Strand. and 34 and 35, Royal Er. A.schange, Chronometer. Watch, and Clock Mker by appointmenrt to lbs Queen and Prince Albert, sole successor to the lato I;J. Denk In all his pateist rightse and business atothe above shops. and at the clock and compass factory at Somerset-wharf, maker of chronometers. watches, astronomical, turret, and other clocks, dipleidoscope rs and patent shipa' compasses (used on beard HIer MIajeity's yacht). I,adiesf gold watches. S guineas; gentlemein's, 10 guineas; strong silver levew atches, r6 Os. ; church clockz, wvith compensation pendulom, £15. j{TATHERSTON and BROGDEN's GOLD WV CHAINS.-3ranfactory, 16, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden. T° be SOLD for -£34 (cost 50 gnineas), a very handsonle STlYlER SERVICE-of teapot, coffeepot, sugar basin, and cream ewver-wreighing 72 ounces. The shapo is modern, and is adorned with elaboratechasing, thetwosmallerpiecesbeing-richly gilt inside, and the condition of the whole quite unimpaired by use May be seeii at WVales and M'Cnloch's, 32, Ludgate-street, near St Paul's. P)LATE.-A B. SAVORYand SONS, manufactnn - silversmiths, 11 and 12, Cornhill, London, opposite the Bank oR Englnd-The best wrought fiddle pattern Sf E I SPOONS and FO tKS.at 7s. 4d. per ounco; ditto, Queen's pattern ditto, Ts. 6d. per ounce. The following are the weights in general use, but the artste. may be had lighter or heavier at the same price per ounce-- FiddlePattern, or. s. d. £ s.d. IQueen'sPattern.02. d. £ L.d. 12TableSpoon 30at7 4 11 00 12TableSpons40at7 6 15 00 12fDesertd2tto23 7 4 7 6 8 12Dessertditto 25 7 6 9 7 6 12TableForks 30 7 4 11 0 0 12TableForks 40 7 6 15 0 0 12 Dessertditto 20 7 4 7 6 8 12Dessertditto. 25 7 6 9 7 6 2 GravySpoons 10 7 4 3 13 4 2 GravySpoons 12 7 6 410 0 1 Soup Ladle 10 7 4 3 13 4 1 Soup ladle U 7 6 4 2 6 4 Saice ditto 10 710 318 4 4 Sauco ditto 12 8 0 416 0 4 SaltSpoons (strong gilt) 1 0 0 4 Salt Spoonsas tronggilt) 2 2 6 1 Fish Slice lteerced) .. 2 10 0 1 Fish blice (pierced- ) 2 5 0 12TeaSpoons 10 710 3 IS 4 12 TeaSPoons 14 8 0 512 0 1PairbSu-arTongs .. 0 15 0 1 Pair Sugar Tongs . . 1 5 0 i The Guiad to the extensive Stock in the show rooms contalns the weights and descriptions of silver plate, with copious information respectingSheffield or electro-plate ware, Mlustrated with engravin It may be had gratis, or will be forwarded, post free, on appliecation. H AIR JEWELLERY.-Artist ix Hair.- _t DEWDNEY begs to inform lanies or geatlemen reddent in town or ay part of the kingdom, that he beautifully makes and elegantly moumts in gold HAIR BRACELES, chains, brooche, ringe wpins, studs, o., and forwards the same, carefully packed i boxes, at about one half the usual charge. Abeautiful cellecton of specimens, handsomely mounted, kept for insvection. An illustated book sent ree on receipt of two postage stamps.-Dewdney, 172, Fenchurch-stroot.
NEW NOVEL, by the Author of "'The Head of the Fmiy."-e ready, In thee TOs., .oTIHALIFA Gentleman. Bythe Author of t- " The Head oz the T3ily." 'Olive," &c. 'urst and5 iBackett pubhl.hers, succe-ors to Henry ._"' This day, in two Vol., with Illustratio' le.. bound. ASTEBNHOSPITALS and ENGLSH NURSES EJ4a ITfheNs1rratiye of 12months'Erience iathH ospitals om f oulali and Scutari. By a LADY VOLUNTEEIR H'urst and Blackett, successors toHenry Colburn, 13. Great brlborough-street. *New audrevised edition, n one vol., lOs. 6d., bound, SALATHI3I,,the ImmortaL By theRov. GEORGE CROLY, LI;D. *'One of the moeat spleadid prodiuetioun amon;g wrorkof fiction that the age hasbDrought iorth2'-Athenaum. Hurst andlilaclett, publishers, successors to Henry Colburn, 13, Great Marlborough-treet. Tue REGENCY.-Ti,st ready, in two vols. Svo., with Portraits, lOs., bound. M EMOIRS of the COURT of the REGENCY; from Original Family Documents. By the Du-e of BUCKINGHAl and CHABNDOS. K-G. Hurst and Blackett, publishers (ucecGFSSrS to Henry Colburn). 13, Great Marlborough-street. Just publshed. P OEMI~S. By SOPHIA. MlILLIGAN. In one volume, price i0. 6d. elegantly bound. Hurst and Blackett. publishers, (successers to Henry Colburn,) 13, Great Marlboroughstreet. Tobe had of alLbooksellers. Second edition. vith Portrait, 10 6d. bound. PRINCE TALLEYRAND's REVELATIONS of P HIS OWN LIFE. "We have peruned this workLvith extreme interest. It is a portrait of Talleyrand drawn by his ownu hand2-Post. Hurst and Blackett, publishers, (successors to Henry Colbourn.) Complete in 6 vols-. embellihed with Portraits. JVES of the PRINCESSES of ENGLALND. impoztance.,whbchvwill rank among the most valuable contributions to the stores of English history."-John Bull. Hurst and Blackett, publshers. (successors to Henry Colburn.) 13, Great iMarlborough-street. Nor ready, at all the libraries, in 31vols., FfHE LAD)Y of FASHIIO?'. By the Author of "The JLHrstoryof aFlirt," ho. "Thlanewnovel,lsytbe authorof 'The Hustoryof aFirt.'exhibitsaa still more eminent degree the same talent whith msrked the earlier productions of the writer. The incidentsof the storyaretoldwithsomuchspirit, andworked out with such life-like truth, that the interest never dngsYhronicle. Hurst and Blackett.successorsto Henry Colbumn. lo be had of all booksellers, pEPYS' DIARtY.-New cheap standard editions of this popular work, with all the recent Notes and Emendations, are now ready, the smll Svo. in 4 vols,, uniform with Evelyn's DisiB price Os each, bound; and the library edition in 4 vo13. demy Svo., uniform with Muray'sClassics, price 7g. Sd,each, bound. Hurst and BlacLett, publishers, successors to Henry Colburn, 13, Great Mlarlborough-street. Cheap Editiou.-Complete, in 7 vols.fcp., embelished with PortraitF, bound. price only 3s. each. any o' which may be had so arately nIARY and LETTERS of Miss BURNE,Y (after- Jar wards adaiamo D'ArbLy.) "The republication of the extremely entertaining diary of the celebrated tiss Bsrney in a cheap form accessible to every class of readers, is a veritable boon to the public, whichwrehail withgreatsatisfactioj."-JohlmBuI. HurstandBlackett publshers. 13, Great Marlborough-street. NEWI NOVEL, by the Auther of " Woman's Devotion."-Now ready at aU the libraries, in 3 vols., 1ARGARET and HER BRIDESMAIDS. By the *MrL Anuthor of " Woman's Devotion." "This tale is distinguished by the same freshness of feeling, and enthusiasm of spirit as charactersed its predecessor. Umnistakeably it is the production of no ordinary talent, and it bears a charm in itslsages that attracts irre;sisibly." -Sun, " A large measure of popularity may be predicted for this novel. The characters are drawnu with great ability and knowledge of human nature."-Poat. Hurst and Blackett, publishers, successor o Henry Colbmrn. Eleventh edition 12mo., price Ss., B RASSEUR's (Professor) FRENCH GRAMMAR. _ A Grammar of the French Languago, with comPlete Rules on the Genders of French Nouns. By ISADORE BRASSER, iFrench Tutor to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, Professor of French in Kins College, London, &c. Relfe, Brothers, school bDolksliers, 150, Aldersgate-street, London. Fourth edition, 12mo., rice Is. RASSEUR's (Prof.) MAMUL des ECOLIERS: B anew French Reading Book Selected frrm the most eminent modern prose writers. Relfe, Brothers, 15D, Aldersgate-atreet. lSmo., price IL. 6d., IRASSEBJR's (Prof.) PREMIERES LECTURES: Btan easy Rending Boo- for Cnildren and Beginmers. Relfe,. }srothers, school booklsellers, 150, Aldersgate-street, London, Thi-d edition. 12mo., price 3g. 6d. B RASSEUR's (Prof.) SELECTIONS from the ILETTERS of LordfCEESTERFIELD andW WLLIAAICOWPER: intended for translation into French. Key to the above. Price 3s. 6d. Professor Brasseur's works are adopted in the following colleges and publiec schools :-King's College, London; the Charterhouse, Harrowv School Mlarlborough College; King's School Canterbury; King lV1liam's College, Isle of Man; Queen's College, iondon, &o. Relfe, Brothers, school booksellers, 150, Aidersgate-street, London. THE FRENCH LANGUAGE.-A knowledge of French. so essential to every one, maybe easily acquired by the use of the foLowing books.-Fifteenth thousand, new edition, ('bASSELL's LESSONS in FRENCH; containing X- a complete view of the Idioms of the French Langrage, in a series of easy and progressive Lessons, by which the self-educating student may learn to read. toe seak, saI to write that language with the greatest facility. By LOUIS FASQUELL,E, hLL.D. Part 1. price Is., wrappers; 2e. Ped cloth. Part 2, c rappers, 2s.; cloth, s. 6d Containsa Systematic Grammar. Complete, in one volume, 4s. 6L. cloth. The first part is practica;, ihe second is theoreticaLL in the former the student is taughtmainlybyeaamples ;in thelatter, he is put] in possessionof the princples, andan, With the aidnof aCgood dictionary, make himself perfect in this indispensable language. Loud on, W. Eent and Co.. 51 and 52, Paternoster-row. Paper covers, ls.,cloth, as. &., a 17 BY to the EXERCISES in CASSELL's LESJ SONYS in FRENYCH. London, W. Kent and Co.,51 and62 Patenoster-rowv. price Is., in paper covers Is Sd. neat coth A^SSELL's COLLO qUXAL FRFNCH RELA)ERN by Conversational Exercises; with GrammaticalandIdiomatical Referecres to 'Casseli's Lessons in French," the explanation of the most dficlult passages, and a complete Yocabulary. london, WV. Kient and Co.. 51 and 52, Patemnoster-row. price Is. neatly bound, A COMIPLETE MAN'UAL of the FRENCH LAIN. ,.3~ GIJ AGE. By Professor DE LOLMIE. In this MIanual the grammatcal principles of the language are clearly laid down, and copiously illustrated by suitable EBxercises, and a compendious Vocabulary of substantives, adjectives, verbs, and particles. The examples are on sentences used every day, and indispensable to enable the pupil to speak correctly. London, WV. K:ent and Co., 51 and 52, Paternoster-rowr. Price, in paper wrappers, 4s.; bound in cloth Is. each; or the two in one volume, strongly bound 9s. 6d., ASSELL.'s FBENCH and ENG:ISH DICAJ TIONAIIY, oomposcdfrom the French Dictionariesof the French Academy. BcsehereDle, Landais. he.; from the English Dictionaries of Ogdvrie, Johnson, - Webster, ac.; and from t.he technological and screntifie dictionariea of both lmangages. by Professors de Loinso ard Wallace, and HIen ry Bnidgeman. }sq. In two Divisions:-I. FrenchEnglish. II. Enlish-French. London, W. iKent and Co., 51 and 52, Patersoster-row. Fifteenth thousand, Price iLd, post free, 7d., A SERIES of LESSONS in FRENCH, reprinted from the "WVorking Man's Friend," on an entirely novel and simple plan, by means of which a knowledge of the French language may be acquired, vithout the aid of a teacher. The popularity which this little book has attained is quite nnprecedented, and sufficiently prOVeS its excellence. Tw.o eharacteristis are found, above all, in these lessons-first, that French is acquired more rapidly by their study than by any other method, however expensive, hitherto attempted; and, secondiy, so far from being dry or hard, they are intertaining and simple in exactproportiontotheirutility. London, W. Klent and Co.. 51 and 52, Paternoster-row. 12mo.. price 3s. 6d., T HE TURKISH CAVALRY DRILL : in Turkish and English, Compiled by G. A. HARTMAN, Major, Commanding 2d Regiment Cavalry, Turkish Contingent. London, John W. Parker and Son, 445, West Strand. In post 8vo., price 7g. Sd., the fourth edition, Revised and Aug- mented, of tHE ANGLO-SAXON CHURCH: its History, Revenues, and General Character. ByHENRYSOAMIIES, M.A., Chanecllor of St. Paul's Cathedral, London. London, John W. Parker and Son. West Strand. Svo., price Is.. rIHE POSITION and FUNCTIONS of BISHOPS JL in OUR COLONIES. a Sermon preached in the Chapel of Lambeth Palace, on MIonday, March 24. 15i6, at the Consecration of the Bishop of Kisgaton, by the Rev. JAES SUERGOI.D BOONE, Incumbcent of St. John's, Paddington. Lately publshed, by the samo Author,~~~~~~~~~~y h sm Scrmonsn oVarious Subjects and Occasions. lyo., lOs. 6d. London, John WV. Parker and Son, West Strand. In 2 vols, feap Svo., price 14a, H OURS witth the MIYSTICS: a Contribution to the XX story of Religious Opinion. By ROBERT ALFRED VAUGHAN, B.A. " Mr. Vaughan's boook displays great learning, eloquence, and original thouglt.Y- The Press. " We take leave or Mr. Vaughan with a wvish, that his book may achieve all the success to which his power as a clear and liberal thinker and his exceDent scholah ship fairly entitle him."-Daily News. "We heartily commend his volumes as full of sound thought and valuable knowledge."-Examiner. " hlr. Vaughan has, with great care and research, and considerable ability, endeavoured to analyzo and distinguish the various forms of mystricIm that have arisen throuchout the world."-Athenmeum. London, John IV. Parker and Son. V.est Strand. Now ready, price 7s. d, tAXFORD ESSAYS for 1856. Contributed by M embers of the University. Contents :-I. Comparative Mlythology. By Max Mi£ler, M.A., Christ Church, Taylorean Professor2. 'he Growth of Las andUsages of War. By Montagu Bernard, B.C.L., Trinity College-3. The Ra hael Drawings in the University Galleries. BY the Reov. George lBntler, M., late Felow of Exeter College- Thee Land System of hreland. By lfilliam O'Connor Morrie BA.. Oriel College-S. NWational Education. By the Rev, Froderiel Temple. MA., late Feliowof BaDliol College-S. CarlovminginElomance. By Richard John King, MA.,Exeter Coilege-7. Review of Mr. Congreve's "Roman iEmpire of the WVest." By Goldvwin Smith, MA., Fellow of University College. London, John W. Parker and Son, West Strand. Just ready fs., 2s. &L, cloth, rPHE TRICKIS of T E, in the Adslterations of ,^ Food and Physic; with Directions for their Detection and Coun- teraction. David Bogus, Fleet-street. Now ready, a greatly enlarged edition, with several hundred additional AMemois, smal 8vo., 944 pp., 12s. 6d., cloth, M EN of the TIMIE; or, Biographical Sketches of M Eminent Living Characters; Author. Architects. Artists, Composers, Capitalists, Dramatists, Divines, Discoverers, Engineers, Journalists, Mlen of Science, Myinistes, Monarchs, Novelists, Painters, Philanthroits, Poets, Politicians, Savans, Sculptors Statesmen, Travellers, Voyagers, Warriors; withBiographies of celebratedWomen. DavidBogue, Fleet-street. JACOB OMNUTM on MILITAIY EDUCATION-Small 8vo., price 2s., M ILITARY EDUCATION. By JACOB OJLNIUM. Bradbury and Evans, 11, Bouverie-treet. Seventh edition, llustrated, price 6. 6d. in cloth, HOhIE INFLUENCE: a Tale for Mothers and Daughters. By GRACE AGUIAR. "'Home Influence' will never be forgotten by any who have perased it."-Critie. Groombridge and Sons, publishers.r, Paternoster-row. This day is published, fep., 2g. &d cloth VRAGMENTS of the GREAT DIAI6OND, set for FL Yorng e eo I aes; tyof Addres-se to Children. By the Rev. JAAME B LTUN, B.A., hAfinister of St. Paul's Epizc4pal Chapel, Hilbum. London, Hamilton, Adams, and Co., 33, Patemoster-row. Third edition, post 8vo.. with Ma . p oric 9s. rfH HAAND-BOOK of BRlTISHf INDiIA: a Guide to he Stranger, the Traveller, the Resident, and all who may have business vitheor appertain"to Idia. ByJ. H. STOCQUELER, Esq. London, Wm. H. Allen mna Co., 7, Leadeuhall-street. fNEW WORI-Price Is., post free. DR. GRIFFITH JONES on ELECTRO.CHE- MICAL BATHS, by which mercurial and other mineral compounds mnay be eliminated from tho living body and deposited on the bath for ocular demonstration. Piper and Co., Paternoster-row. For particelars apply at 43, Wobsurn-place. This day is published, in 8vo., price 1s., cloth, UINS of TIME: exemphlfied in Sir Matthew HM lales "History of the Pleas of the Crown ," vith Additions of UnPublished Passages from tho Original MS.; and with Remarks on the Codification and Consolidation of the Criminal Law. By ANDREW AIMOS, Esq., Downing Professor of the laws of England in tho University of Cambridge, and late Member of the Supreme Council of India. Stevens and Norton, London;- Deighton and Co., Cambridge. Worth Notice,-What has always been wanted is just published, ce4s. TIIHE DICTIONTARBn I 4-(7th edition), .Lwithuvards of 7,000 weerds not found In tho dictionary, compril ag the participles of the verbs, which perplex amllwriters. No person who -writes a letter should be wvithout this work; all school pupls hould have it. "This bookiainvaluable."-WeeklyTimes. Thisbook sass neessary as Walker's dictionary itself.'-The Critic. Thoee vwho poeeeu this book stand on higher ground than the rest of the oommnu aity. Published by Seeley and Co., 54, 1leet-treet; *also sold at fi Ohazing-crors. The 14th thousand is nowr seing. In fop. 3vo., price 2s. 6d., iNJANNA in the CAMP ; -or, Selections from the .3 Letters of a Medical Officer to his Wife, during the Eastem uampalgn in 1854-S5. " The writer begs the readers of tho following letters to bear in remembrance the object of their publication-to do honour to that God who kept himn as the apple of His eye during a campaign the most eventful in the hi3tory of the British nation."Preface. "We rise from the perusal of the letters which are thus embodied, with heart refreshed andmind informed, and feel we have been tasting of angels' f6od." -Christian Examiner. Dublin. George Herbert; London, Hamiton sid Co. andJamesNisbetandCo. In fc& sv .r! m d.,& ftancy 1i3rus 'TERR or, S° orting Adven- tlre"teP OW 1. lth eight Ilustrations drawn from sctual ketchei. *'The romantic adventures and hair-breadthr escae of the ' Solitar Hunter' equal, if they do not surpass, those of thie far-famned Gordon Cumming or Jules Odari" msidon0, George Routledge and Co.. , 9Famingdon-Street. The DEPO3ED KLING of OUDE.-In small pOet 8vio., prioe Se., cloth extra gult, P- T. rc [HIE PRIVATE LIFE of an EASTERN KING. JL ]BY WlL ^M KNIGHTON, Author of "Forese Life in Ceylon." With RIlustrations by Harrison Weir, expresly designed for this, the 4th edition. In this work is prominently brought to our notice the private bie of the now depose King of Onde. It should bereadby allinterestedin the expansion of our Indian territory, it beinga book of fact, and not of fiction" London, George Eoutledge and Co.. 2. Farringdon-street. WEBSTER's DICTIONARY.-The sixth and only complete Svo. edition.-In one voL royal S8o., price li., cloth extra, IITEBSTER's DICTIONARY of the ENGLISH vTf ANGUAGE. Revised and enlarged by GOODRICH. Notice to the puhlbe.-This edition of Webster's Dictionary, so generallyv knowrn, and universally acknowledged the beet inthe English language. is the ono originally introdnced into this country by thee Pro>rietors of the Illustrated London News, and by them most extensivelycircuated. It is nor the property of the advertIsers, fwho particularly desire to caution purcxhasers against the many abridigments nowr issusd, or bengiued, purporting to be W oebsters ictiona. They are, for the most part, but garbled reprints of old wnorkis; and no 8ro. or smaller edition of Webterbs Dictionaryois complete and genaine unless on the title page it bears the imprint of George Rontiedge and Co.. 2, Farringdion-street, London; andl8. Beeman-sireet, CVw York. BOOKS for the COIN'TBY.-New Volume,-In fcp. 8vo., price ls. loth cover ffIEi FLOWERt GABlDEN; or, the Culture in the L Open Ground or Bulbous Taberous. Fibrous Rooted, and Shrubby Flowvers. By E. SEBASTI' DEL3 ,II Aso, price ls. each,- The Kiitchen Garden. BEy E. S. The Poultry Yard. By Miss 1B. Delamer Watts Angting, and Where to Go. By3 The Horse. ByYouatt and Cecil Bia-ey Cage and Singing Birds. By H Pigeons and Rabbit. By . S. G. Adams Delamer - I Smal Farms. By Martin Doyle Bees. By the Rev. J. G. Wood London, George Routledge and Co., 2, Farringdon-street. An extraordinary Work of great Interest and exciting Adventure.-In feap. Svo., price Is. 6d., boards, TRllHEPIRATES of the MISSISSIPPI. By F. T GEEPRSTAECKER. This really amusing work, 19,000 of which havein afew days been disposed of, isa new picture of "RiverLife in Americae at the time the Union was first formed, when crews of pirates taling possession of some of the islands that stud this mighty river, by their nightly excuraions therefrom carried dismay and terror for mles around. It contains graphic descriptions of scenery, exciting adventures, and stirring scenes, which remind the reader strongly of the very best of Captain Marryat's famous fictions. London, George Routledge and Co., 2, Farriugdon-street. S. W. FULOAL-Tenth edition, with numerous fI3urtrations, 5s.. bound, 1HE MARVELS of SCIENCE, and their Testi- mony to Holy Writ: a Popular System of the Scienoes. By S. V. FULLO Tenth edition revised." Thisw ork indeed merits our admiration, and we unhesitatingly recommend our readers to its faMCInating pages" Dispatch. "This attractive work treats of tho whole origi of nature. places in the hands of every man the means of information on the moat sublime facts, and co3verts into eloquent description pioblems which once perplexed the whole genius of snauasind." Britonnia. George RouUledge and Co., 2, Farringden-street. Juet ready, newv and cheap edition, price 2s. cloth, 2s. Gd. poet free, tm1HE per,BAXBY >h TROLLOPE, I The name and popularity of Mrs Tr4ollope will be sufficient to create an extensive demand for this most interesting novel in its present cheap and attractive form, London, Ward and l;ock, 165,. Fleetstreet. Just ready, new novel, price Is. Gd. post free, fcp. Svo. boards, T HEREADS of LIIE'E: or Advent ures of Wlkiaim St. Leger. By R. B. K<IMBALL All who love a really goed novel of intense interest and exciting adventurs, will plernse 'Threads of Life wgith great satisfaction. Word and lock, 158, Fleet-street. Fourth edition, now ready, Price ls. Gd., cloth 2s., otfree, 10KE of the WOODS, the EightinR n>aker; or, NAdventuxres of Prairie Lie. By ROB8E;RT~mD BIR, 3D " The stor,y is certainly told with great energy, and is a fnue pie6ure of sa3vage Indian he"The mode of warfare, as pursued by our hero the F>ighting Quaker. is interesting in the extreme. London, Warw and Lock, 15S, Fleet-street. Ward and Lock'inew v -rtt ca3on sent poet free on receipt of one stamp,.rvt aaou Just ready, new and cheaper edition, price Is. 6d., cloth 2s. post free, AJJI BAEA im EINGLAD. BY JAM5ES sian tales equas Entrs h aiamdAainIhsStertainments. London, Ward and Lock, 158, Fleet-street. WEBSTER's DICTIONARY for the MILLION.-Juat ready, rle is. Gd. cloth, postage free, royal l6mo., WE33STER's DICTIONTARY of the ENGLISH T LANGUA{GE. Webster's Dictionary at Is. Gd. is decidedlythe beet and cheapest ever yet published. Webster is nowv the only reliahie authoritY on the English language, it is but right that every Englishman, however humble his sphere, should be able to purchase the best English dictionary. An enormous sale alone can reimburse thopnb1ishers in issuing such a superior book ut the tow6sum of ls. Gd. It ra indeed a marvel Of cheapness and perfection. London, Word and Lock, 158, Fleet-street. IMiPORTANT to AL L wvho would SPEA CORRECTLY.-Price Gd. post free 7dch T [OW to SPEA with PROPRIETY, upon the IL principlee of 2NOAH WEBSTER, LL D.. wiith Hints upon Reading Composition, and E:nglish and Foreign Pronunciation. A most valuable ano essentiallittle book. We strongly recommend ittoall, Bridal Etiquette. By Madame de Chatelain. Parties desirous to avoid the uLsual blunders committed at wveddingpartiee should purchase this work. Just published, price 6d.. post free 7d. P;owto Dress with Taste. A most desirable comnpanion for the toilet table. Price 6d. post free 7'd. Howv to Wfoo: WYhen and Whom. For six stamps. How to Behave; or. the Spirit of Etiquette, A complete guide to polite society, Price Gd., post free 7d. London. Wsard and Lock, 158, Fleet-street. WHAT i s to BECOMWE of EN;GLND.-This day, pot Svo, 5a., THE POLITICAL FUTURE of ENGLAT.B .1 the Comite DR MiOITALEhIBERTP of the French Academy. Authorised Translation. John Mfurray, Alisemarle-street. Sir ROBERT PEEL's IIEOIRS.-Io the p raes, post 8vo., M lEMIOIRoS LEFT in MS. by the Rigrht Hon. Sir 1JROBERT PEEI. Bart. Published by his literary Executors. l ord iMlON (now Earl STANOPEJ andthe RightH on.EBWARD CARDWELL, bLP. Vol. L., on the Reman Catholic Relief Bill, 1818-9. John IMuray, Albemarle-itreet. Ftrance, Hlolland. Belgium, Germany, Switze.-land, Italy, Spain and Portugal, Greece, Turkey, Egypt, Swveden, Norway, Denmark;, Russia, ac. 1lrJFRRAY's HANDBOOK A D VERP.T ISERP, IVY L printed for the convenience of those who are desirous of communicating informnation to travellers, is published annually in MEay, and inserted in every copy of MEurray's Haridhoolas for the Continent, &c.. isued during the season. As only a limited psose is allowved. preference is given to those advertisements which are more iammediately addressed to tourists. Aidvertisements must be sent to the publishes before the 20th of April, and accompanied with a remittance, or reference for payment iu London. Annual circulation. Bl,000.-50 lbemarie-street, London, April 4, 1856. Thus day, price 's. Gd.. at 8vo., cloth, r HE HISTORY of a MA. Edited by GEORGE _._LGI1 FILLAN. ArthurHiall, Virtue, and Co., 23, Patemoster-rovw. NEW WORK: by tho Anthor of "MlSary Po velL,"-In a few days, rice 6d. in cloth. ASSO and LEON03RA. The Cementaries of Ser L Pautaleone degll Gambacorti, Gentleman Usher to the august Mfadas uLoonors d'Este. Arthur Hall, Virtue, and Co., 23, Patemnoster-rowv.*- Tn s day, price is.. by post 2s. 2d. APEACE THANKSGIVING SER];ION. By the Author of "National umiliation," a Sermon. A Thanksgiving Soemon for the late Successestigtowed in the Allied Arms, 181. Formnerly published. Ld., by poet 7ed. London. James Darhing, mstropolstanhSbrary, S1, Great Quleen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields. This day. price id., by post 7pd., SEALL there be a NATIONAL CHUIRCH ? The Restion of the Day. By FRACIS CAEr RON, of A. W I,ncumbent of Christ Church, Brohciam. London, James Darhlg, 81, Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fiolds. fhelate Sir ROBEa T PEEL.Just published,8iu2 volt. Svo.. prirl3s cloth, THE POLITICAL LIFE of Sir R. PEEL. By THOMA>S DOUBLEDAY, Authorof the "Finanoinl H;istory of England," "The True Law of Population,"} &c, London, Smith, Elder, andL Co., G5, Cornhill. lir. RUSKINY's NE;W VOLIThIE.-On the 14th will be published, the Fourth Volume of M,ODERN PAINiTERS. By JOHN! RUSKIN, NlL M.A.d Author of "RStones of Veice," "Seven Lamps of Architecstre," s . With 3 ILlustrations, cgraved on steel, and numerous Woodnits, drawn by the Author. The Third Volume has lately appe , with 1 Plates price iSs. cloth. London, Smith, Elder, and Co., p, Corirelen Third edrition, small 8o., 4e . Gd. cloth, red edges, THE of KTranslated by ff~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~Br J.IIEI M} B B.lo6o,Ptrotrrorie' . r T HE EVILS of VACiCINaATION, wit arts against its Legal Enforcement. By GEORGE S. GIBBS, London, John Chapman, 8, King William-street, Str0n. r o6 ready. p rice 16., CBOMPULSORT VACCINATION, briefly con- sdered in its Scientific, Iteligious, and Political A6pects being a Letter to the Right Hlon. Sir B. Lall, Bart.t 3LP., Presideat of the Board of Health, by JOHs GIBBS, Esq., whichletterhas been retuued toU heHounseuof Commons on the motion of 31r. Brotherto and ordered obeprinted With Ap pendices. London, Willis and Sotheran, 135, Strand, and 10, Little Toter-street. The sixth edition, Lwith considerabl additions, price S6., C^N THROA&T AtILMiENTS, in connexion with Defects of Voice Speech d , ousceptibility to cold. na6sal obsruction, imperfect health in youm* persons, ac. By JAS. YEARSLEY, Surgeon to the Meropolitan ioar Infrmar snd Orthophonio Institution, Sackviile-street, Author of " Deafness Practically Illustrated," &c. John Churchill, Xew Burlington-street. blr. VERAL on the SP*NE-Sth edition, price Is. Gd.. byost 2s.r T ATERAL CURVATURE of the SPINE, whitho Method of Treatmnent for securing its effectual removal wVithout tho necessity of constantl ling down. By CHtARs ES VERRAI. Hoq., Surgeon to the Spinal I opiq, Iondon, Auhorof The Spide: its Curvatures and ether Difeases,"-&c. London, John hurchill, New BLurlington-street, and all booksellers. Price 4d ., or by p ost of J. Id. Burton and Co., Ipsawich, 5d.. WTONSUtoPTEEN: its Best Treatment in al Cases T and St e. Also the Best PrevEnti e Trent. By Dr. E . JOHNSON. Extracted from hisnlarger work. Simphin and Co. Just published, price 4d.. post free EMOD LIVER OIL, its Medical Use, Kinds, and Varieties adu terated and purious Compounds With numerou cases successfully reated by THe most eminent foreign and Britis medcal practitioners lgondon, Ansar, Hirfozr, and Co., 77, Strand. -Price 1s. -N the CAUSE of DECAY of the TEETHu, and the Cureaof ToothachtWithouta Extraction ByDOLDSON C- KeNZIE, Authot of an mproved Imethod of Arficial Teeth. ChurchilL, At home from 10 till 5,-21, Sawilce-rorr. Third edition, prie Is., or Is. Id Pre-pald, O N SPERMATORRHII.A. By J. L. MILTON. Rteprinted from the origina papers in theLancet. "We do not think the subject could have been handled in a more unexceptionable and judicious manner."-Medical Circular. Iondon, Kent and Co., Patemoiter-row. Just published. price6d., post free, T)MNLESS TOOTH EXTRACTION, conzela- tion, w;ithout chloroform (REMIARKS ON). By J. VMITE WEBB, L.SJ.., Surgeon-Dentist. John P. Shaw, Southampton-row, and Patemoster-row. Mr. EWebb operates daily from 10 to 4, at 21, Southamupton-street, Bloomabury-squaro. Pest free, Is., A TREATISE on ACACIA CHARCOAL (and the C3..Aratioeptic Laws) in CONSUMPTION, Ulceration,-and Iritation of the Inucou Mrmbrane, Specrmatorrhoea, Indigestion, with Nor vousness. Is invaluable in aD cases where tonics are prescribed. BY W. WASHINGTON. EVANS, 12, Bernard-street, Primron-hil. rl)HfE DIAGNOSIS and TEEAT;NIENT of SYPHI- ,.LITIC DISEASES. By Dr. ALLE.M,It, lu.LR.S.,L.A,&c. "Concise, yet comprehensive-the subiect is fully discussed, scientifically end practically. Is calculated by the judicious advice it contains o those for whom it is intended. London, Hippolyte zaiDiere, 219, Regent-street.ll, an Price Ss Gd, free per postr Illustrated with numerous Cases, ('IN NERVOUS DISORDERtS; especially when xJ arising from Functional Derangement of the Liver,Stomach, HIeart, Uyterus, Ridacys, or other Organs. or from the Effects of Tropical Climates. Intemperance, ac. By Dr. MI)DDOCK, formerly Physician to the MTaling Lunatic ANsylum. &c. Simpkin, MEarshall, and Co., Sthtionera'-court; it BaiDlirer, 219, Regent-street. Fifth edition, price SiK Gd., postage free, with Caxes, C ONSUIPTION, Bronchitis, Asthma, &c. success- fully TRE-ATED by AI FRED B. MDDOCK, MD. " One of the chief adivantages of the author's treatment as, that the remedies are directly applied to the air passages and luags, which parts, it is obvious, cannot be reached by medicines received into the stomach. Nurmerous interestinlg eases of recovery are appended, and the highest authorities are cited in favour of his practice."-Literary JoumaL Simpliin and MIarshall, Ststioners'-hall-ounrt. post free is. 4d., ON the C1JBE of FISlATUL'A] Piles, P?rolapsnz, &o., Without the Operation Of the Knife: with luttive Casec By S. J. VAN1 BUTTCH L SurgeonkA!.ccoucheur, Bein n Abridgment of thoe A,uthor's Work 'entitled. "Fact and Observations," ao "An interesting publication on a highly gimportant subjeect-aifas which rend3era further commnn't unnece3sar7."-The Christ,anWFitness. B, Simpson, pcublishier, 10, Kng Wiiam-street, Charing-cros. 5he ASSYBIAX DISCOVERIEs IN'TERPIETED and APPLIED. -Irb pusluBdin 8o.,price Ss. 6&, TP21REW -POICTICS in the TIMES of SAIRGON EL and SENNACEIIIB: an Inquiy into the Historical Meaning and Purpose of the Prophecies of Issiab, withlsome Notice of their bearings on &e SOCiaI adPoiticlIfeof Engan By ED AD STRACE. R SD. London, L oDEgma and Co. -~ A Just published, second edition, price 53. P ITENTIL m of JUDAH and J ISRA after the SPIRIT. An Exposition of Isiah, II. By the Rev. X MALRGOLIOUTH, MLA., formerly Eaing Chaplaintothelate1BishopofKildare. BythesameAuthor. price5a., Genuine PRepentance and its Effects. An Exposition of the 14th chapter of Hoses. Just published, in 2 mIs., with Engravings, 2Ss.. A SIATIC CHIEl;FS. Dedicated to the Ladies of the British Empire. By J. SZERIEDY, Noble of Szered. - "IiL Sreredy's roniances of> Misgyar ,lisry.-The glow of the East is on every page. An Oriental atmo,phere-splendid, panoramic. Turneresq,ue-floats above usus wre read: thevworld ceases to be prosaic; thepast resolves itself into a splendid legend; and life assumes the poetic varieties of the 'Arabian Xights."'-Athenreauin I.ongmau and Oo. U REW WORK on MONETARY SCIENCE-Jusn ptblished, in two WoIe SVO., Price 30S., fHE' THEO]RY aand PRACTICE of BANKING yastemaffc Treatise on onetary Science. By IlEh7IY NING LOD.of the Inner Temple, F:sq, Banister,at-lawEeliow vof the Cenibridgo iPbilosophical Society. W' e cannot doubt that the publication of thisworl will in the end have the effect of grestly advancing monetary science; a nd it must at all events be universally admitted that the discussion has been conducted by Mr. Malaeod with distinguished abffitr ana learning."-Morning Post. L,ondon, L ongmnan and Co. GEOlOGICAL SURVEY of GREAT BIIT .-Nov ready APS, comprisino, the WawTickshire and Leicester- 1o shi-e Coadfid, nM the surrounding country, consisting of the goUovWan u quarter-sheets, coloured, viz.:- o3. N. . Coventry, prrice 2st 54. Nb.E9.. price 2s. .ilenley;n Aidesu. 62. N:E. and S.E., price 2s. eaeh: Tannvorth and Birmingham. 63. .W. and S.W., price 3s cash: Ashby-de-a-Zou6h, Atherstone and Nunesten7 63. N.E., price 3s. . Lsieemter. 3,ad S.E.,ap 2sp. Derby and LoheGboroughe Wnn. and SW.. n s.w, accurately show the boundaries of the lieeestershire agns Warwicdshire eoalieldc, the outcrops of the principal beds of Scal the faults and the ruelations of the surrounding, overlying, and underlying strata to the coatmeasures. ° The maP3 of the South Staffordshire eoalfield, 62 N.W. and SW. and 5i 1',.W., an!d of the Derbyshire coab'ield, 71 N.W., and S2 2.W. and S.1 ., can also be obtained. For list of prices of these and other mas and sections and MemoL's ofithe Geolog~ical Survey of Great Britain. applyr at the Geoloical Surveyofflce, Jermyn-street: or to Meanrs. Lougmnan and Co., Paternoster-rowv. I AnDew edition of the Colours and Signs ernployed in the Geological Survey may be had, price tis. Also, the HIonzontei Sections, price Se. per sheet, coloured; and the Vertical Sections of Coal Meacuree, &e., prndin, 3 u h LI el Ion , thE s Commoxfor Her Majestd's Stationery-office, by Means. Longruan and Co. Jus3t published. in 2 vole rval Svo. QlYITHfls LERAD>ING' CASES. F'onr edition. lBy H JAiBES SHAWOO LAES, Rsq., of theLnner Temple, Barrister at-Law, now one of the Judges of HIer bsjsstv's Court of Conmmon Pleas, and HENItY SIN'GER HEATING. Esq., of the InnerTemple. gne of ler Majesty's ConnsL Wi. Maxweel, 32, Bell-yard, Lincoln's. This day is published, in 8vo. pp. ,l142t. price £111s.6d., in cloth, ]ROOM's CODE;ARIES; Commentaries on the Comm o Bv d sned as Introduetoryto its study. By LawvtoteT rCm Author of "A SelectiOn3of Legal Magirns,' do. Win. Ma}ell, 32. Bell-yard, ,incoln's-inn, London, J. H, Parker andi Son. Ox=ford; andDeighton, Bell. and Co., Cambridge. Jusepublished. in 2 vols., royal octavo. price £216 dC,coth. YLOR's (JOHN PITT) LAW of EVIDENCE. S,L Second edition, Win, Maxwell, 32, Bell-yard,. Lincoln's-inn. DAVIDSON's -PRECEDENTS in CONVEYANCING.-Just pub- Hsbed, recond'edition, Vo), 1, royal octavo, price £1 Ss., (to be completed in 4 vols), P RECEDENTS and FORMIS in CONVEY- ANCING. With an Introduction and Practical Notei B,y NHARL DAVIDSON and THOMIAS COOKE WRIGHT, Teqs., Barrister-at-Law. W. Maxwell, 32, Bel-yard,tLincon,s-imn. ,'. SiiTfl's (JOHN WI.) LAW of L.ANDLORD and TENANT.-Jnst published, in Svo., price 14s cloth. 7EKE LAW of LA1TDLO}lD and TENANT :. bein a Course of Lectures delivered by the late JOHN WiLIAMi SITH. 33sq., Anther of " A Selection of Loading Cases," &. With Notes and Additions by F9redericl; Philllo ManAde, Esq.. Barrisler-atLaw. W. Maxwell, 32, Bell-yard,1nch s-inn. Tihe New Edition of BLACKSTONE, by Mtr. WARREN, hLP.- Just publishe.l in one thick poLt Svo. voL. p rice 4s. cloth, LACVSSTORE's COMMEN'TARIES, systemati- t cay Abridged, and adapted to the ExistingStat e of the Law and Constitution. By SAtIyEa WARRFX, of the Inner Temple, Baq., ?iLP., D.C.,. Recorder of Hull, and one of HIer Majestys Counsel. Win. Maxwell, 32, Bell-yarde Lincoln's-inn. Just published, in one voL 12mo. price 4s 6dL W CILLS' V'ESTRYMAN's GUfIDE: a Treatise on the Powrer and Duties of Parish Vestries in Ecclesiastical Mffat.. ters, being a Vestryran's Guide. By ABFRED WILLS. Fsq., Barris ter-at-Lawv. William Mlaxwell, 32. Bell-yard L incoln's-inn. BiAER'.s LAWS RXELATING to BIIIAL;S-Juat published, in one voL 12mo., price 5s. cloth. THE LAVS RELATING to BURIALS in T ENGLAN'D andWALES. With FormsandPracticalInstruotions. By T. BAER, Esq., of the Inner Temple, Banister at-Law, of the Burial Acts' Office. Wim. MaxwelL 32, Bell-yard, Lincon's-n SkELFOID's INSOLVENT LAW.-Jnst publshed, in ose voL 152mo., price 12s. clotbh rT'HE STATUTES for the RELIEF of INSOLVENT J, DEBTORS, with Notes of the Decisions thereon, and the Orders and Forms of the Insolvent Court for obtaining the Disecharge of Insolvent Debtors from Prison, or their Protection from Process. By IEONARD SHELFORD. Fsq., of the Mtiddie Temple, Barxister-atLaw. Wm. Maxwell 32 BeU-yard, Lincolns-im. Suitable for Family Reading.-One voL fe ., price 3s., A COiMENTARY npon the SERMON on the rMOUNT. By the late H-ENRY THORNTON. Esq., ALP.. Author of "Family Prayer." London, T. Hatchard, 187, Piccadilv. Now ready price 7rs 6d., fcp. 4to. tHE LAY of the STORK: a Poem. By Miss . LOUISA STUART COSTEILO. London, W. and F. G. Cash, 5, Bishopsgate-street. Just published, price 6s., QERMONS. By the Hon. and Rev. H. P. CHOL- K27 MONDELEY, Rector of Adleatrop, GlocetsErsbire. Oxford, T. and G. Shrimpton ; London, Whittaker and Co. Royal 32mo, 446 pages, price Is. (Cottage Library), ls. sd, beet edition, FJ EHE COTTAGER's KITCHEN, Fr'it, and Flower GARDENS, with fuU directions for the management of eacb. By J. H. CLARK. Halifax, Milner and Sowerby; and aU bookseUers. Price Se. Sd, each, n O 'SPANISH TRESOR, Portuguese Phinae-Boo5, First Italian Readinlg-Book, Sdersitare Italien, Silvio PeUlico, wiith Nfotes. L.ondon, Simpkin, MrarshaiLl and Co. With six pages of Plates, and several Woodens, and about 30 pages of explanatory letter-prees, price S, hoards, or 2s. Cd bound in cloth, TI7TE'THY HO1\IES, and How to Make Them. LIX Dean1 and Sun, 31, Ludgate-hiU- and nmay be obtained of all booksellers. Just publiashed, price Is., O UR NATIONAL ERRORS. Viewed in Con- nexion with the Rev. Mr. Cairi's Sermon to Royalty, on Religion in Commonlife. By G.W.HlRI, oflHulL London, Richardson. Brothers, Conhill; Hull, T. W. Long, 15, Saville-street, York, BeDlerby and Son, Stonegate. Just published, half-hound, russia, £11 li, 1ITYLD's lTrge FOLIO ATLAS, containg G7 wi t aps, including al recent discoveries. This is the largest andbeat atlas published, SmaUer atla3es of every description. James Wyld, e eographer totthe Queen Charingcrosa east, neXt doortothe poet-ofaice, and 2, Royal I:xchange. Tho 64hthouJan t pubcelishlrgreditcn s d n s WP YLD's TREATYMAP showingtherTerritor tI Bimits of Russia, Turkey, andthieDffEnglate the World, iRth the Boundaries according to thse vaious Traties: incuding an enlarged Map of the Boundatries propose at the Conferences at aris; ,ith Taelsiof the Date of the Treates Acquisitions, &c. In heet,Se. in aser asn James Wyld, geogrmmher to the Queen, Chaningocross east, next deer todthe by st-ooice. and V Royal Eschange. NEW NII ERbSAL, GA TTIo cl -This day, in 1 vet tvo., price 12asa. C, A. CYCL^OPAZDIA of G;EOGRAPHY, Descriptive .3 and Physical, forming a nevv General Gaoetteer of the World and Dictionary of Pronunciation. By JAPIlES BRvYCE. M,A,, F.G.S. Master of the athematicalDeparnentin the Higth SchooluofGlasbow., with numerous illustrations. London and Glasgow, Richard The 6ith thousand, price is., larger editihns Is. cd and 2.s )SALIMS and HIYMINS (5;00), arranged for the ePublie Services of the Churc of England. By the Rlev. CHARLES KEN BLE. Already used in 90 churches. Price to clergymen 9d each, or £5 per 10D equally assorted .A specimen copy and testimonials forwardecd on receipt of 1S stnps David Batten, printer and publisher, Claphameconmon, London. Dedicated by permission to Viscount PalOerten,LJust puhithietn fro., cloth, price7g. ~HE PHYSICIAN for ALLI: his Philosophy hsis IRAperience, and his ission. By JOe SP GI-No , d Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians oTLondon, andof the Cambridge Phitosophical Society, and Senior Physician to the Foundling Hospital. "The 9 egiflatere finds the medical profesrion a difficult body to work for."-See p. 11 Whittak-er and CO, Ave Maria-lane. ust pubeished, in onetiick handsome volume. cloth,price Sr. 4d., silk, A MEMOIR of ELIZABRETH FRY. By her Daugh- £kter,7dss. CRESSWELL. " Tbe book admniWsnot of analysis. It resemubles afield of cover, strong and fragrant. . you mnay proceed by the scythie or the s dle. to cut dowin acre after acre. cnd all that is r muoved issimply so much by wvay of specimen of what remains behind. ...Inthis volumue she, (MIrs. Fry,) wiillive for agesto co::e."-Britiaht Banner. London. Piper, Stephenson, and Spence. F OR F'AMIILY ARMS send name and county to ethe HERtAIlDIC OFFICE. Fee. search and skretch, 3s. dL, or sstamps. Arms painted, quartered, &e. Observe, H. SALT, the HIecaldie-office. Great Turnstile, L incoln's-inn. F sRATIS.-Paper and Enverobes.-brow read PARPRIDGE and COZENS's useful CTalinds of cheap aK3 good STAtTION'ERY. Pest free. )bserve address No. I, Chanrerylane (F'leet-street end). Trade supplied. WED DING CADS.-T. STEPHSO:N invites. yattention to his beautifully engraved WEDDING CARDS. enamelledenvelopes. and other requisites inwvedding stationery. Gentlemnan's plate engraved, 2s., lBady' ditto, 2s &.l Adies T. Stephenson, stationer. S9, Oxford-street (the post office. near Rsegent-crcs. 0oCH[ARGE MADE ior STAMPING I.AP:15R ..L aud ENVLOPES wgith Arms,Crest, orlnltiabl.-RODRIGtS' superior cream-laid adhesive envelopes, 4d. per 10D: cream-laid note, folisnze. 5 quires for Cd.; thick ditto, 5Squires for Is.; foolscap, 9s, per ream; sermen paper, s 6d. per ream; b ladck-bordered note 6s per ream: bl,aclc-borderedl envelopes. ls. ncer 100: all kinds of stationer, equally eheap.Obsenerv at Henry kItriguea'; 21, Piccadilly. P APETERIE NIARION 152, ReountMstrect FRMEN CHI and ENGLISH PAPERS and ENSrITLOPB of the best manufactures. Marion's patent papers, with embossed edges (2Sprincipalpatter-us); buf, pink, lavender, and green laidpaperO : ditto heckered: ditto gold, slver, colour, and black bordered; - ditto wvith printedfowers, garlands3, med~aUioens, &c.*plainoverlandpyaper3 and envelopes; ditto, with lnes in the watermark (six conous). Stmping, printing, engraving, executed wiith simplicity ofc style, taste, and elegance;no charge for stam ping plain printed invitations; pLan an d fancy cards for biLls of fare, invitations, tickets, programmes, do.; perfumed coloured sealin ax;plain and fancy wafers. Catalogues pest free. WSholesale and retaiL. rrEEE O DHOUSE: is BAXTER, se9 trn,ver e n the lareet stock i.n3 London of from 2g 6i, toS3 guineas an.d everlasting geld ns from is. to 3i l . wharranted to suit any handwiting, and exchanged if not approved. M AROGANY CYLINDERWVRITINGTABLE.- M So be SOLD. price £16 (recently cost £26), a very handsome MAHOGANY WRITING TADLS, on pedestal: nests of drawers. nclosing by a cylinder fall, conveniently fitted with drawers, pigeonholes de. Apply to J.J., 17, King-strete, Holborn. TnRESSING CASES.-At Mr. MECHrs establish,E et,1.,Regent-street,4,Leadenbsll-street. and CrstalPalace exbtdhfieSnt specimens of Britishmanufactures in DRES-9 iNG-CASES, work-boxes, writing-cases, dressing bags, and other articles of utility or luxury. suitable for presentation. A separate deIArtment for papier macb6 manufactures and bagatele tables. Ta le cut'ery, razers, scissors, penknives, strops, paste, gm. Shippig orders executed. Same pnees charged %t al the estabbshnents. I)EST WORKMANSHIP and MATERIALS at 46, CornilL in DESPATCE.BOXES, writing-case;, trayellnr dressing-cases ancn bags envelops cas and blotters, poct-bookg, wallets, bll-casee, pm Wea H A oiS, Prnyer- b'ooks, andChurch s4al 3 .C=. M AREKING IINEN MADE E3ASY.-The Pen Superseded.-The most eay, permanent, and best method of roakiglne, slk cttn,coarse towels, books, kc., seastompeent the ink blottin,g orthe osbliteofitswashingont iwith CULETNWs PATET ELCTR SILVER PLATIS. sAny peon can use them. Patronised by the Queen and the Royal Family, the nobility and ntry, and msoat of the hotelkeepers throughout the kingdom. a plate. is.; name plate, 2s. set of numbers, crest plte , with directions. Sent post free to any p of the ng . bJ the original inventor cnd sole patentee. Culeton.-2, Log-acs exactly one door from St. Xartin!-4sne. N.B. To prevenit imposition lt i necessary to copy right address, 0JN de PASTA, 463. per dozen ir. our large batV11tles.-Cadiz-Wine CoGmpany, 66 St. mies's-street. UY VRT~ Ss.and 54s. ; nionpareil sjrkln csoakln Slley Siv ats4g_. tZ&..; ?ais Cognac, i mon-e e aesdir~et fom ond 72a.-YOWZ11, and Co., 106, Xew Wond street. tCIARL's SPA0LI11OP CH MPAGN-E. It,/Quarts. 1l eprdo.piB,1Iottles, 2s.: packages, is. pe for.Tone,refrehing,and e and wfi keep n any emarte. =To beadMl tCr n o',1,Ieantort-buildin"e Strand. B~~~~reT~~~~~~acj a ray THO311SON. 0_ Botolpblane. city.ts-OS .6TER ARN UMM~Pnankfrt-.Onthe -PHATi andJoh on.eb the-Rlsine, grower Of the celebrated JTohannesberg Cabinet and% other still Hocks andidoselles, spasljg Ho&±s and Mloeelie, Clarets, Red Hock, Imperia Tohay. and -auitere -G. H. lusmm aind Co., Reims,- growers or cearing and sparlpm,. Chamipagne of the bces qalities,-4. COPTLESTejNE. 11l3,, lane, sole agent for treat Britainand Ireland. nPHE soLERA SHEIRY, 39S. per`dozen cash,or ref_nerence, carriage free. 37o chare for botttles or pachage& Amn elegant pale wine, fit for thLe table of say gentIemnan, pure, high- urdryd, and remarkably cekan tasted, without the siightZ* spproach to acidity; for quallity and price aot to be sIpee. IIITCHEELL and Co.. S, Crosslane, Ido-l-boe, Tower-street eoe from Lime-street): estaiblishaed 1824 Elvery description of Sherry and other wines, %&Vell as spirits. pWe ale, stouit, kc. 1i~RENH andGERMAI 'WINES, bottle -included, J2sn cariagefre.-Red wines :-St. Julien Clare; 3Macon, 8' bemiin rpelKlOts.tf perdoen; pintinuet Ladhoe,e tos andi und;at AtmSs. Catpecau ed.rgaux, pric.s;k re i Hock. 4S. Whe winltes ecoinomy Gflrae,lse;tpints. , mpes:-Chabi,Is;pints,GoldnD. Santernez4s anry forwhicht'.rlasolhampoagnee,48. possintsgs thoie adoke anutt fe~lavo 36s.;.f-.e l Pit,l- oHrICl, 4s. sWAEz Chand a.gwne. R mTerais, Cl5e, Bak fierstet Foltdnansuap,6&pre. zn o s. araefre andxe Cwro importders,tv, onuit-st reeth.fRgntsreiglqet,Lndo," begL respestfulyto notIf thmees cotiu for nadhre a cther undeedatihe phighes pube oof deaeinei only onr careS,free fromparisontyandi noth prstm ill appreciated Thei pridhchearesin acordise with thedo ecOnomS forwSHIMthEyarwellnue solec ftges powsing-thwoadmiredenuttyntiflaofr SOs; fll-odid od Prt,42e; sarkin Champagne. 45s perLay,ti' Xclaret.u4ssofinet foldi Conac, r8,er dozen. forlt cash. Carriage fee netotoenswinestc of the RetvrnB tgesndG greuonwthic. foreign hiae notkc 36.ad GGETr (lavte Buruly(ouke'), old-stablihd 4s Chbsies 3s. Ar1 duze-street,e StrdJamesx, h0as fo nearl a entury. 'l enoye, the highestrpub.csconfidene,and,Bnarefulcom2spardison.o qualielyawit price,w in real'sityc be oundithe cheaesti housenlla wintonon itP ORTa qandt SHE9.RRI, woell-maturSaedasoft ines orthyd the attention o eConomistse, 7s. per dozen; Rmitarnce-% or, Champanrefdereom ay, anyingcouparybl wnforde weouddn bdreafsts,d Jams. ;pll, Coinac a fieDsGmcES,ad an eULegan me iumfo diercisngthnasea of, codL lieroi. 2eetstre. LondonStu,sf,nrihg, and pu Yngsre,d Bin hstsof Oriegallonestandlupwads At I. 1Sd. per gallo;R snd CAREisotpr'aeAles, 2alitd), and b erlintn dotte,iPre ietfrm3odax;i .Lcrefhlyougt fr i Inir espctie lcaltie bv. ari PBErowhs lie an 42,: hit Bugunly Poully~ Is,and 42s. ; Chablis, 36s. per dozen Vin do ordeaux. Os.; hI.Ju4ien, iiintsl. ROe,Is.; VidG ave wi.Sateh soft eiBatefac. our. prdzs h edn wine ofJ Cw'hitoe fS)aih wines isthanrsnwiaxescqu witheit Mfinea tpnic Champane.sofe s7o. per dozen. wieithtances, oresa to h efeece accom-ge panyine robunwtr ds,thout h ld o be' adrs ed James Campbelltine EDGES and BUTLEE5 Wine i wecints wbe.,i 1667.-T. JIiEnfata pure uspees- stroglyrecmmededby everlemnen ph-sienrns sofn c homme.o soerie eigqiefe tfromfacidit g Claretsof oostituonths Sautere, 45s ; sprklingChampgne dTer per ce pnts, 02SO-,sugar, uatiy,wihriedlitsofe aploter wines will cobesinionael forwardedon recipteofand mtof rder uloryefeince. Oldt phale Cognac brany, 65. er dzen.Thi eorce brondyL6 isxtr y French ottled to cnossers nd hos towhorItivas bndlednaHoly rsrbeom. a age) GeeAro Lan Pbeat. hi.exqoresin liqueurs,Gra ete h~avesoe Dccio fi at GoY.eTa mental Hon e all Shery matsp c.l unsohistrrcategsae padisb amorwatde the Tmotgeneous Egand hol e. seine of wDsteowines withr whic we.IA aecqinted. medniechalrac- ofth obratwihotth rsL o biL.o heating orlof gener-ating acidty rarmonyisuh asto ofeecn hpendsdwisthwie wht eichios cargdwiholensemespsrieitherfofrspiri orfof n-decompose sugar.th winee sotenpand hitertosovaid nEly osi,nfc, bigeow&tagpur ,Eunopis ticated.r and perfect or i neshery Tuhobe cmparion astohoersomrt. Cnes beOtwieensc winc an bthe co mmon b S tler 1 then .4ofcmmerc retilb roueadiy Idistnguishd from vcnthe frollwn tabloicnstituentsit and proporations, fE:ncaued; "hryfe acd e cn. .0;sgr per ent.0.16; sirit percen.,r whole3l-Commo ShRryNof SOmmece free aci, percent.,i0.m3; sugr, erent.. Hamre.02sprtercn. 2 1.800 D his coparisoais oviousl too lrikin tohreeqoosfreommtent Stepre,d perfec, or aked Sherry, priceL42s. per dozen-tbottes, ri,t. hapes bylsi-s. pe Xoeo.ampino hamper of four doen" Is.pr cashocan riag. efre to gallorailway sAtions InLi pagleald-Se, and faiy ales. sitreecur. Ml-tet hasfe E~ AUb VI,mrev edwitetiwatrsfom ar -M' Wl. Itmoree dsagreeable instreas,and mre spalutaryu deincitsefecs." Cfeeognact bra-Lndatdoublge t.Htrc. Watar iaperia.aln tOgube.Taintornchbtls 345C..perdoes,M ubottlesvincluded:nseurel pacedin ag case for Lond. aBOhtRiDieA begJ t BnfrmNY botled oer Berowutn, teqa trad ytheaiet Cogna btrands,e ODnstoznclleda wimporthedr aet 45X. deMlverd fretalite Brai lway saions hon receip lfpst-c or k derU in Jod Hondition.J. adS,wiand T .MCr%nd spri importer-s'r, Saokin. B N ALF-LIMEN aPONCNDTis enqisithepliqueuof hs never tillnGOw bEen beor the paehublcMn oldheE Indias meay haeCome=.GD reolletion ofe itry at Is.verint House. GetSte. pleroen. ceip of pOstOD,i Drder an forum1,IanC ohIer wimneieri lFraudt, Churhstreet, Tewen bu3,Crinusry. et onr folg-il iy th weI-ndAdH cntius L a HSK .Tas eoea 3 KnWWt-telebrcate rigcold. rish whsk pism highl rc3iommndelad nasthe most drelinasn and wolesoe sprt, either of ormieing orifor medici nal urpse;itm stprfectly puare -ridan,bing mllwewthge i re fo ths fEry orbetng PualItiesso muhObRctEdSToitERspirit. CU an btineuninveralbtlys a s.nowldgeach ato all the roetyvectable cendim ouesnt Lodo and iterecehs vicin ity; efrom th tiintedfgens i and Sonsc;pandtohesofrincpgladoeawlersal-efrombere. A~,SOS and ROSEYH8 Gratd BLAmnCKWtELL, H Purnareyost nOr PJCmLts, witate Ticry Frueit Coman o fhe Frane, dlcanis nhe whoer it whtbe redee priepare ita pher dozen inthunew lattenbonttls homeprsimngte foloingriy Thpateos~ ourc lsis,Hpin'grikeand G rtrile autenyc,Dame, adlary Clestner,as theVihyosltsaufatieisratnu his ld-stalised an d Coogn, aqueurwe,ad fooreign ronacte I)r, Siruve's Brightonartileineral watyrse A LES.--To Publins, Bottlers, adesPripateou Foal N ueOTReCb.FanLd Aro RDtiLLustand Co.daRoerEPstad Baus's Pale FAle7h London OStou, SaWin . a oetpie obandof byi-sit rSers. No1,infan ed 18galncksI,peglo; lNso.m,pe an8 ghleallos ofs Aloso, Indaple al,adBnlae, S OTTOGUMBER EDICINALPALEN E coninus brwe wiupLthbte waththerfo bes HaRry Hills Tel, It cu.res ther lickudliTy-B w H tldn,threa, UpperoSeymour-st -retPormsnqAdde, D uBLefodwaStOUTand. Fis-aLeYorkegetsfrs anting.tsn andErhto. we eg t infrm botledbeermerhats and the trade genralytht arstre ae onsanlysupledwih her es nuX TOUT nd ine BRY ALS, i hogesead, barels,and Ila4deski in~od coditoruJ, ad T C. CLEN, 9 Sknner Addcresso L _ATAXITA CIGARS, '-A. 0" brand, imnported only JUby R. WAYMAI7, 466 Oxford-treet, mear1Dbcem9buny These ciassrasall others mn purity of flavour, and ans pronounced bt conoseusto be the finest quality sTer IMPorted. 25s. per lb.; sample coxes coDntaining sight, for 2s. 3d. post free four stamps extra soniatuin eight, for I2. ",dos, free forstnns xta D ANE's TABLE CUTLERY--celebrated for more Dthan ISO years-maintains an unurivalled rigutation f or cheapness and first-rate quality.-DEAHE, DRAY, an Co. (opening to the M4onument), London-bridge. Estabirshed A.D. 1700. N MORE BLUNT KNIVES.-The PATE-NT NEMSOUL=U, price 25. By this invention sx dozen table Imnives can be effectually shreed in 10 minutes. To be had ot F. STEV'ENS. InternatlonsWPtuent-offlce, 133 Essex-stroet, Strand, Forwarded on receiving 28 stamps. T'OYOU LIKE a DrY HO MEIFALY POTATO? D7 II ya,. do, have one of SLACK's NEWV STEAIMES, which cook thmt efcin ade tolft any saucepan.from Is. 8d Tube hadS at Rihr and JhnSlack's economical ironmongery warehouse, 336. Strand, tri al il rv it thet aumb ferofpetionsin proastng,arlwithitden aarge, saounrepying costr byeuia iaeo thegra aigefce intse3 thatuxesiedb athe,un musuallybhardvater2now usedafor donestic purposes, As mere boiling wtillnot remove the earthiyandmetalllimpuritiestbatmakle the idter so hard and unwholesome, 'narentssBhould have every drop of cooking and drinki-nglwater parifio&lbyonCo.L' bel'T S mral bar Filters." LIPSOOMBE andEL.s .ZF-CLESELF ONG CHAIRCOAL FILTERS, withx the latest improvements, can only be had attheir establishment, Temple-b)ar, London. Prospectuses free. A NILLSTRTEDPRIEDCATALOGUE of CAMP ad CABI FURIfTUhE~qthebest males and newes-t desigs, snt pst fre onapplcatio fro Meses. WOLF nd C.. portale frnitre maufacurer, 45,Old.Bondstree, co doo fro Picadlly Etimte fo nvalan miitryuniforms.
SALES BY AUCTION. BDnIding }dat=,ils City-rad JR.; W. R. GLASIER vilM SELL bv, AUCTION t %o the PrenieronWednesaay.A,urill6, at lf or3, by directiou of the Corporationof the Orphan Working &hool, the BUILDING MATERLST of FIVE HOUSES. situate and being Nos. 36,17,18, 19, and 20, Andemons-building, City-road, oomprising about 150,00O stock and other bricks, lead gutters and pipes, timber injoiets, rafter, kc., flooring, doors, and sashes and frames, iron raiingg, stone oopingr Yorlshire and otherpaving, pMn and plain tiles fixtte, and fttin2s. ybe viewed the day pxiorand moring of sale, and c-talogues had of Weshrs. lelnert and Asbdown. archiec&ts, 42, Cnaring-croes; at tho office of tho Orphan Workdng School. 33, Ludgatebhil, at the Sports. man, City-rd.: at Ganaway's; and of the auctioneer. 41, COaring-cross. Pianofortes, by Broadwood, Collard and Colard, Worium, Brosd- bridge, Tomison, and othbr eminemt makrem ^R. SCOTCHER 'as been favoured with instrucILL tionsto SELL by AUCTION, at the Ronos, 21, Old Bond. xtredt Piccadily, TIS DAY. Apri 9, at 1 for 2, upwards of 40 ne. andsecond-banPIANOFORTES, by Broadwood, Wo1num. A,Lon. Broadbridge. &c. also a magnifioent fullcompass semi-grand. Yv Collard and Collard, in roweood case, nearly new, and a beautiful 6- octave rosewood semi cottage, by 3roadwood: a3ro double-tion harps by Brard, hinmoriums by Alexandre, &c,; together with the extensive stcck of a rausicseller, oomprising upwards of 50 old Niolins, ioloncellos concertinsa, flutes, guitars, At. ay be viewed the day prior and morning of sale. Catalogues bail at the rooms, or of 'be auctioceer, 70, Mortuner-street, Cavandish-square. St. John's-wood.--Superior Fnrniture, Buhl aid darcqneterie eheffo- nier and China Cabinets, fine-toned Pianoforte, Proof Ebravi ajfR. TINDALL is insL-acted to SELL by AMCLYA. TION, on the Premises, Well -oad, THS DAY, April 9. atlIpreMAel OSEWOOI) and HAOGAXY DRAWING and DINIG ROO0 SUITES of conuches and chairn -ilks o and satin hair cloth, loo, card, and soets of extend'mg ding tablpe, pedestal sideboard and bookcase, 3e console and chimney glasses ug, and irons, o fany our-post, Arabia sad c 1ib ends,bods and bedding, winged and gentlemen'a wardroes,bests of draeremarble-top washetrds, toilet tables. cheval rezuisites, fowls adbothbeiciecfts. OneieTnsdaadd1 ofdX sldce. (tatalognee en the pxremie, ansd at the St. John's-wood estate offioee, 23. Portlauid-terraoe, nsartt John's-wood Chapel. Commercil Sale Roomr, 44, Fariingdon-streetonc door frm Horlbor. - ~~~~~-Absolite Sale. -JESSRS. GREEN and SON wl SELL by AU O- 1 L TION, at their Rooms ae above, THIS DAY, April 9tb. at 12 forl, 2,400 lb. WHITE CURD SO&P, 1 90Thb fnecttablet almond soap, 200 lb. Zettequnist's blue, 150 lb. WacKet lead, 3 owt. rice starch, 8 cwt. rellow and mottled soaps, sances, picleswhite lead and colours, Sadwer's mustard 6S0lb fineet Vanilla choolate, manufacturedby the Paris Chocolate lompany, 100 lb. roosted coffee, 3cwt. Smyrn&s 2 w.t Sultanar, pepper. and other useful stock; also a large qantitg of capital erooef s fxtres rand fttiagcompr;ng mabogany-top cor Mte, canister fittings, supe5ior mtet or mahogany drawers, 8handsome japaaned canstex, store ditto, coffee, pepper, and sugarmills, coffee boxes,bes,weights, sales, gas fittings, zter, selving &c..together writh household furniture of the ussual description, inckdingalarge Turkecy csrpet. Onvi ewtb=e day prier andimornrn of sole, (kaogues attbic rooms, and attbe auctiuesere' offices, 18, Hatton-garden, Niceclean Furniture (from the cormtryL Semi-raland Piano by Col- lsrd, Stckl of Mosaic Jewieller1r, Desks, Sbop Fitures, ho: ;for IESSRS. HAMIOND anld EILOART will SELL L, by AUCTION, at their great Roome, To-morrow?, April 10, at 12 for 1 the excellent mahogany fou-poet and iron BED 1TEADS and BEDDING, mrble-topwlashseand ansd dewng tables, three sre - robes =eomletefittioes for bedrooms, hlo rosewoo drawring ir.oom ntsn aogany dining recur ditto, Bmossels thrpts, enrisin large chimne-glasses 60by I,r, chaisStaibfle,eouhrs.davenport, sofas, chin, glX oraments, liner n, fcet:ae library furnitsse, countess, d esks, o fticehxttings, iroun cet, deed boes, kc, One view gee 4syFir. so caial.ogs r9s4 "bhea No 1f legamtrvoot-on Vlew._-Ttsonjy in Trade aM, ElXIUM# tfl ab ouectinner. 12 dexen &I-haudled Klajea, NIated" Axtclc" China GIsag and atberEffoc~& k I M -kOBERT REID -wMl EL n.te~P~ Pewter freemeg pr's aOa2dinaW ppeg, 7esu. Mnt' e viewd:; aoigi a gnreate-ROOM atind tl. r itoms, a ose -absviIheor and the purincter and mooect hambGntersj, ww -ob tAI,w ELLtrmio eiselimhansom CotARVEDOAK UINIURmi co$Aoida rooms a11 ruedod, inabagany ad ai e in,hri,nt We,s*eoldinreing tabe, mhgrnpiay-nodreb rawo,ftb~o chia an gas, and a ruanuefet&t of y em imeaa il,fjfcl beueld CtAlgee lideypato toe tii(easeW an etlreeie ld Toad7 0,emnzsr&itn, citesy. olcis BAINwAISEL by AU CTIOjN o atheie- adcatalogues ba tteariner'clcs 1,WemI-lc Cainberwell, nd 7. O"lemnrttreet, city RP~A.IUB wlliHiELIbya hUiOs j;ot,, bi eanX~nd?othr tal,lea. himne- dee. Aprl - uat 2fr ae,sre. toe besenRedtc and Etl-ErT, of theusufr emxij flece. banets cupes,rO=R kichen, andertble. orcmnot&Iion be eeser nuerouse ea gctd Unt.b vie. .alsq_;o,i Sovv eal,sa~ctaigue otaiedut -r ofe3akersott, ala,etreoola-eront FuuTos.io af,Bkss tnisAn,TbemiCrte an4b, ie m R.ELLS i cliewillt SELL,t bys AUTIOrN st bIarleboe,o riay.April 10, at 12r% gernin contor nd ohe OfecB, n imew Thuals,y modern, aa{ituomr, ofu ealo, noel Gentdiiuualonnleeo bad.m and Funfitoys.~i -No.R ELI is dietdtREL yACIN W. R. of omoro,Apil0 athe. refthCK Aomrisn on at s ortmnto nt, e oanfni lPs, t reff e-. loteas' goouseIt ofd poant memhograndu,a1leanarQ Pe pens,penols, nks,chars,roe-je bromt. h,p o city.~ ~~~~a No. it, dbuiorreo, eyoat OLer.C kita mosdeum 7Funiture fouE ~~ ly Re forWcenuInvstmnt 1IWr NEBIR w EL y AUCKI.q cat n ST ark,clan Thbrday Ag t -sige satd2i plto wedlots, vI rxle ofth drawers andechamber reustes, UDrawin-ro E su nite tingreewcd Two Dehairstin nRoens,pdenel sidebo and and dimgm s BosP ar tpet cinrSt gasso, Ttendarnlin tensld Ora keg tere day tf- N;sult mAInetegPctIA of Faea aaoguer badckbuat Ir OsiNe' oLie, 1Z.9 fortes. Linen, sad Ef'e ts. H. HEWITT (havingedts, t osgodftd-te lt NWBONSEL by SECLOL on theCTION at t, e -a mst nTusa.April4 tIIfr1.o con o4ft12 L t weonumberbo l ;ot, Ii to diin oom sute6 i mhoanand rL0Ttnad Kts-oewoobed, noblE7 easimney an Pires-a glasses, use two n ofgas caneicrh conolet tobes higlocy r~estal tel oak, wingd bowkcase,n rexcellent oncuain.china lssad propetye Is y- qbmos.1ts eviewedbye fEon Sht~ati at suamaatle,aie-ta-t tasi on ire -nases ~ IL , mand St-A Ia Bas3. ingliall-street. endy anat tsc auctioneer's elSee oes, lfa4 stuchret low.bUr-"sturee. XEgo.(poit hletnsre) Iaiiugtooad Tethe BrneyStatin Lea eseod tayd,es ApirN uboeri inta the Laoring p uitable o nsl,nesmn A Cortage,adesirblequ itEAofOLD aithEATge censingefye net-oU hagvestesdeandcaef.NUayd 13, tog thri uhne,IS5%-u aneano groandrn,ingwithe occupationofthighlo esecatable Ayfutbr1ipnfts; atior comurdapactlyto Mour Tric-bul Gouees,a, No,. 2,2,d. ilardu4. Deoaloregiternd tyeae Iagmoeatow ground.rents, let o god UrnTA a4the SPech; prsentn an Tucellant AprituV, by for der c nv Ctmert May be viewedrbe priion Her fthestenantos. PandcForea-te, Iitbo XXrt Cblitbthe thutatoofimberlaa m,Totnark to berstrls. earn Pariondi, ~ and atQjLaBie.aloaot t0-o Thf barl e-T ONecptin stute wthinna, and mquntity wl of corawood-n.rthe ffghaeado. Wod,aothn5-lr fak,A timber,atbouit 12 tonbyof timero tIre, pie-d, nWt 20 tc ousetw of bar ichrom-young hAinnghly reapectabe 1 wOndsnOtsadoguesinhadedyortl eeoy,ation.yeothis eropetyIspa beOI tioe -yprnisJ. n ofthpell Wbteneants.Petark - adz t the Cantes Taver, ned the prpety atd th3e Mat; f . VLjt; Welgbtmar n Eb, solrc*tr 80. Beegal-eel.ct; na eea&ioer fdOo;3 CTuch-ow.Upp d-ereet Ilndtn (othposdinto betn.setl WAeUmoIagp rci toPrmselm y,,1ac1aee,o Y0onsdaerabie1quZa n uint-ty afBarkDERngs cet Iing1y well harvested&~ endr Panel.cpoary ut togeter dnoJrs, g1aze, enld now tion edquired, apply to Mn Th0oma3rs Gareetlem, blnnch sahllrIamdu btatkeon. natrse- sinrong. paudhtndcthok,r",ko stoc antherpeechkose, onm tpueay iro rilutt, bra cider, cibel trapen- BOU 800 Loads of an tiqbe rve nowk lyiri ots A "nrbll ot fOe timbr-whark o b srlppue anea yong oa thenninom, node qurantiety of1 co, (wooerei they bigr~ao- e reooeds, aboute b5 load pofii oan thepremabout 12 To-nsof rmbw hark. ndp abou 12 tonslofk tbarmfoden 7oIUngeekand Egs,aT8oruTo,V0 wootENCatlgus -l c homrisin dereawiy, andoma suiesbin rew onpl - canion tobSi e Camney becoiol,WteglssesdS-nek; tomrahogarnm. Ei.ijr wood otend tabes Mr ard, rsidelDard.-Wclam aDd lounesri 3Coreivot, March, 1508. ~ ~ ~ eca adirn'.*- Tomre vuilers, nend the entmPddtogtheoar. JOANID> ALSON wRAMSALrYAwillTELL b 3Mody tpro 21.art , a quantioe,tye1t of ApLDril, thatEcaital atned 555ps rotieroerns,dooncears carpentes bench sashte flames c5apitalngements cort aec ;rnogertl y,W cornislywingfll porticowindo bracknets, patte-sees;rings,rsapanndht madendca hoeok,ra,tion The Ostockondtherlocs, brass balrd iro lbutta.baaringd bel trapng zoom whoe~w ofpe wtre, brt M.ass tborearedkiatbe,ndo, whasherso uope te,o trEpet door' latches,wol, naols,glassi- cinoxes, habndral srews cbin ad oesti door,9 tDnit~E, oak hitsekepe'sand blakuhiaieese plates, o teym,ranges, vra woveiendo tbeard uUy lre, andrdlgso agosetters hop, odiure soulittoe tric. na heu vrentadfne one a proraotheo dayl,fatlat gand cataeebe obaind otf tMr. D.w Ardei, Iaa,acine and Wde) Nwvitatoe agieont, Tli soinitr Wilim-re. city. Ec. ,Qensre,Vyar No.104, buwt-osee, Pur mliand-To Pal-ntiua a-otokCaies WEBBR N~ E LlSLL by AUCTION, o IWko Fre inioom . Qi, buyeten'et. Frolic, (ewherein thzey, bavleasr reot,h ae ChubeTIng prohibiedon teda) Arirrse,l'to-9rnratow 07c!ockdait,oat 12ocok h oenFUIRTION ofatdeElargeTBo! TWlFbo nufatstraE ; oot mprialg drtaw4 eecp lnig oo suites, vSintrofeoml a,, walntby5fe , noole chimn by an cosoet peades,a spaih mbahogany, -o dinicir, andm other toable, capianleord hisd lounges in moro-ceM rwIgzitee n, crpes,-oo and wiandow curtaedins thesueiore pndndamaek,s entra la-1 seondar boewd cambwlu cefners, forpotvrthiaplatesrih,s band Arndh, andils ooaj-n bedding, tl winged and other wardrobes, a wonityh pIatsse-tnes dar fec phetstins, ond nmerousn vraweu ablei-tems,eloe. d tRe tab no it mdarbotelyfacing thpeio Terrgacenwt itfourl-Mtid slew sd nea the ntrane t thepalerkbdi. vr and es-vettafitve eradnreSIGNHOUE,baaptd u ion laivt its srengmnetsfor genlemans frniea wto porticon the balcnie, pato-las widows an moernrleorstons TheD l houseconary-insenrance aild, atlibrr,gu an Bedinng, Seo,-f onaUeum-one Ifoor; eteantm dratin fromocpyn the ot. whol ofte frst Bor, sod to8e areeiltrbed chamber onL tbey upe A.CIioestlieWhstoe,Hoorsemlnd' rtyice; c nhoreds e tIne deeeAtt r[L!es co,nsixto housekeepthoer'sandabuler' Prooms 'LD Tqreieae 1 ver ovnetkthe,sul~,lre, eCotrotcs froutesgi fe buildingprpss allne on% annua tenar t£2 anuaura Also a Freehold 41et.wihth uidig teeo,knw as New Barn A Freehol sae ossigcacakpto b four sos-as. with the kilns large sbed, stabting, out-buildings, nod garde#. - Also a Freehold House, known as the post-cuire at Bteetln tel o Me. Hoor,at a renta of £15 per annum. rae-tie-clras and conditions of sal ofW. Dercreux E&q.polictr.iertProtnetb; lJrssra. Watsona sod 4ens oicts,1,Bree-re,fleet-street,and Hans- memih fr4apstanlSaes, ofarroperty MixWhBighten.sirte,igcn Mass e-rcmon and Celatek,r solicitors, rdooshry-MmSnar-b Foes'rd to SELLby AUC sOliio,Brgtn at the WhieAcUnIka t. Hoed-thwfrnn, Stenigh the --*-arrow. April , argton: or va4bl PlROPeERTBY;d' coi peiic-biee Can etae agencry and Iwoagenteeiltdrell.n-baveajlu ir fasep-~~)ortcLlang of3Property, num.Crigton.uie5sP pan-e.-et t ze9f pe lateu Me- an npollrdtand 6W knwarah thear GE-L bypAUCTION, atgether Estathe AwUciong-bonesf an6l borthstei-t, Brihton,b Ta-morow. April657 10 atd 3, Ga dpvalsehle PROdPERTY roes perisiaptun CAse Broue.ery p and wgetl dwelling-houge esn 2"ad.cin,g in Cartl-.sane't, producinGpe a133u13s A pee-num. Capital Hoetnea be-amire. 1f33 198 lester-d a'M desirbl perideunr No. go GSti,l- s '-r,et.at, a E per a-nnum; vlablhepFstant msaudiknow bsthei b=KeP parmade-reev. togte 87 Sroteh-stet the dwelln-hue adsops wuDii 'nor annu 1,m S. A haetu,shp,n d deing-ouse.1, be 1.ing le, i mlaag-'adjeoiningle at £ S6 pe Jannm.eAouble-fronte Hours 6, lurin to. ill,d:.IiAzedoet !,_ let at- £17t0 pero einm z(o 145, w5uzu. sTreeo anow' as tire D Ltti Yacht situat at, the cornbe r o; Acu. trea et. Itra of0 per ronnm Ah valuaogble Estate, Fincludin sport dnencess~it prowmise,obla Bo t, t. Jandes'n-stee. the Gloeliin-L,12res and she,,. wi0-88. tWg. stalms'-stet and pr ois. in13 sod 14, en M:es Daebt a~xf dioininpurld u7pon Jame2seteeb , Bo. 13,15, 51,r and ctO, l Iav,oduh-s Gpe, .6tuatnee'osree, thpDIkroduing £h0 lpershnofUrn.- Twoinoiey peetureod- £10 and 2 nu= Pyrteo'ln n be s-brL ta.aed Debenuicrso £301 onglxa the BOeditOhii road. A Freehold es Deb, t of 20 Acwsecured upon VAMfehl huouse No. 13. Pcel"-stret
Thie rausonage of Hoo, on the Vednay, four miles from Rochesaler - The 3Lworiil Rights and the gret Tthes of tie Parish of St. Werhu,swus.I theHu-odred of Hoe, in the county of Kent, together with the oblkbands, producing an annual, JIncue of about.£90; hesd onlease for 21 yers atnO=qai=nalrents. PESSES. ?AREEROTHER, CLARK. ansi LYE ,JYJ.bATes redlnhtrnctions toSELL,&at Garaway's,TIJI DAS April9th, at L2, ONE UNDIVIDED MOIETYof die aMount renew-. fURPH, n thse Hmndred of Ro,I h Dnyo et bu 7.o eebeamUeloeinglet onle_aae ad the ManogiarightS, The amount reedabIeortihiMtldntheasyerage of die last five years,has been £747 per annum ; die slebe lssndx aze let on lease, uubiect to a yeurly ren o £08 ad o ie ayen o de tersums of;£40Ae.and 28, prodcintegthenn nnua inomeof 903or thereabouts, excladre vf de Mner3j ighs. he bov Ishel onordinary church loesse ~n ed y de Dan nd haterof ochste fo aterm of21. yars m Jne,185, a th noina rets f £0 4. ad 20 4a. an renewl in evryseessyers Patiulrsmay be had of Messrs 3lemot, oliitos,88,Biakfisr-rod;at Gasraway's; and of Mesrs.Farbs-thr. lar, ad Le,, Lncaterplae,Strand. UCheapside and .Gutter.lane.-Important Freehold Estate. producing and of die annual value of £100 pe nsan atwth possession. ESR.FAIE~EBROTHER, CARK, and LYE wSe LstrEetedI by the Truatees of die Vill of the late Thos. Ovinton Es., o SLL,at arrways. HISDAY. April the St's. at 1, arry-vauabe FiEEHLD STATE.comprising the extens:ve businss prmisesan4 wellig-houe. 36. 10 Cheapsi'de, in the cecpaton f Mssr. Rber Betle an Co. wsehuseen whose termexpres hritmas 11-8. et t £30 pr anum.It consists of ex- floors warehouse and cellarsbnah ueosbdros itn rooms, kitchen, and offire in theupedoradbckbiins . miraly daped fr wrehuseen. he roprtyforms togete ~a lare aea f pemies,thesitatisi f wichforbuines purposies is mayb hadof emm. Ahura an Moris,6, Old Jery at Garra, way': an ofMesss. arebothe. Cark.andLye, 6. Laucs%er-plare. Susex,beteenthecaital. market towns of Lewes and llniL3hm -Excellent P'reeht Estate, called Mill1 Farm. in the parish of 1aughton. with good Farm-homse and 156 acres of rich pasture. mnendow. andlarable tn ds, let until .111rbaehas next, at the low rent of £10 eruannum lav a Plot of Arable Lad containn o boist 1.5 ace. iuate onth Dicker, in die paris-h ofChdige,lta£1 {iE. SSRS. FAREBROTHERZ, CLARK, and LYE AU xae instructed to SELL, at Garraway's, THIS DAY. April 9th. at 12. in two lots (by direction of the Trustees of the late Mr. John Fotlard as toone Part,'anddthe Trustees OflMas Sarah Pollard as to the remainder). die capital FRtEEHOLD and very omaU part COPYHOLD ESTATES.situato in the parish of Laughton,about rixidwaybetween the Mark-et towns of Lewes and Hailsham. and Only mi'les from Berwickc and Glynde Station of the Hastings Branch of die London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway, known asIN1111 Farm, with goo-d farmhouse pleasantly situate, garden, orchard, and Email plantation, extensive and,wllaraned agricultusal builings close to the house, and scundry feld an and cattle In-es, together with 156 acres of rich pastuze, ar-able, and meadow lnd, lying(iwith the exception oi one ield) within a igfence. The estate is vell rircisnstancedl for roads, the fields enclsdby thriving hedges, and let until MichaeImas. next to M1r. G. HTills at the low rent of £10 per sannum. Also a valuable Plot of arable Laud, containing nearly 135 acrs, adjoining the tusnpike load from Whitezmith to Horsebridgo on the Dickelr, i n the parish of Chiddinigkry. let at LU1 per annum. Particulars, with plans. May be had at the Whate Hart, Lewes; Crown. Hailsbam: Anchor Hotel, Eastbousne, Old Ship' Brighten; at the Bit and Bali. Chiddingley; of Charles'Belliaghana, Rn-sq, solicitor. Brighton; of Messrs. k!abmer, Palmer, ansd Bull. soliCitors, Bedford-row: at Garzaway's ; and at the offices of Messrs. Farebrether. Clarlu and Lye. Lancaster-place. Strand, Eaton-Esiuaxe.-The capital town Residence, of the late Colonel Sic- thorpe. Si?,, with Stabling and Coach-house. with possession. MESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, andI LYE, Alare instructed to SELL, at Garraway's, on Wednesday, April23, at'12. by directisou of the Executors, a desirable LEASEHiOLD FA.- MILY RESIDFYCE, being No. 46, Eaten-square, on the south side of that fishionable locality. The house is well built, the exterior ormamentally stuccoed and in mos' substuatial repair, the interior combines comfort and c3nvenience. 'vith taste and elegance, and is suaited for the immediate reception of a Uimil&d, It contains 11 principal and secondary bed chamubems two eleg'ant wingroems. capitalfdin-ng room, library, and third roomn, hlis&omo entrance ball, stone staircase suet secondary staircase ; on the basemenat are kitchen, scullery, housekeeper's room. bntler's pantry, servanta' hall, larder, w-ide cellar, zndI nuimerouis offices and water-closets throuighout the house. At the rear~ in Royal Oak-place-mnews in a five-stall Stable and coach-house, with three rooms and loft over, The above is held on lease for an unexpired term of about 03 years, at aL ground rent of £10 per annuim. Mlay be viewed (after the 17th April) by cards only, to be hadl of Mlessrs. Farebroter, Clark. and Lye. 6, Lanicaster-place, Strand, of whom particuiars mayN heanse; also of Messrs. Tatham andI Procter, Solicitors, 30, New-sqsuare Lincoln's-inn ;and at Garcaway's. Wandsw.orth-common,--The valuable Lease, for 43 years, with Plos- sesscion, of mas excellent Family Residence, situate in its ownr Grounds-about 13 acres, charmingly (uiveraifed and wooded, bounded by the Common and the Cry~stal Palace Railway, distant about four miles from the wecst end, and within 20 minutes? railway ride from theIWaterloo Station. M IESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE are instructed to SELL, at Garraway's, on Wednesday, April 23, at 102. a. mod' dezirable LEASEHOLDPltOPERtTY, consistingof acommaodioussFamllyRiesidence. erecteda fewyenrsaince m a most substantial manner, of a pleasing style of architecture, the interior judiciouszly planned and fitted, andI finishedI with great taste, containing ample accommodation fel aumobleman's or gentleman's family. It is charmingly placedl, commcandin-g fine views of the country around. withWimabledon, Kingston. and Richmond in the dist,Wce. The pleasure-grounds. with grar el wallks of soue extent, are modt tastefully disposed planted wvith everpvaricty ofehrubsxband interspesed with foresttrees. The meadows adjoin and gauallyslope to a sheet of running water atockedwithfish, green and hot houses planted with choice vines, ornamental dairy, coach-houses and stabliug, and men-servants' apartments ; brew-house and Inundry. The idtchen garden is enclosed by high walls, and clothed with flue fruit trees. The whole comprising abouit 13 acres, prettily woodedI andI undulatedl. Other paddocks adiolinin can be rented if desired. The unexpitres term in die lease is shout 43 years, subject to a ground rent. May be viewed by cards only, lobce had of INessrs. Farebrother. Clark. and Lye, 6. Lancaster-place. Strand, of whom particularsmayEbe had; also of Mdessrs. Palmer, Palmer,and Bull, solicitors, 3Yo. 24, Bedfor-d-row ; ansdA Garvaways, Bedfords-hire.-Suillington, and Meppesal,near Hlltchin-Two valu- able Freehold Farms and Copyhold Cottage, containing together 290 zcres ; let at £174 per annint. 1~,JESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, ancl LYE - A are instracled by the Executors Mrs. Bridget Frances Profit and Mdiss J. L. Ant', to SELL- by AUCTION, at Garraways, on Wednesday', April 23. in two lots. the following valuable FREEHOLD and small part COPYHIOLD ESTATE. sitruate about seven miles from Hitehin. one from the villazes of Gravenhurst, Shillington, Meppershall, and Campton, and only three miles fromq Shefford, yin, ShilJilaptn Busy Farm,. with spacious and ancient farm residence walled garden, orchard, and sundry enclosures of riclh pasture and arable land pleasingly timbered, containing together, with a copyhold cottage a'nd parden. about 1Mt acres in theparishes of Shillington andI Seppershall, intdieoccupation of3Mr.-Joseph Pestal, Ia highly respectable tenant,.at £10 e,r cannum; also avaluabie Fr,eehold Farm, in the parish of M~enperhal, lingvey cmpat Iit th exeptonof two or three enclours o acomodtin andinth vilae,comprisin" a modem bric-bult armhous, nat arun, ad eteniveazrrlrtirtual building, ad smily ecloure ofric amle ndpasture land, containing togthe abut 72 cre, i th ocupaionof r. Plant, a very improsng enat, ho as nde-drine a onsderbleportion of the estae, s yerlytennt, t £84 pr anum The estates in the parish of S etn ae tthe-ree an th wh leLand-tax redeemed. The property i wel icmtne for roads. The lands in the parish of Meppershall are greatly improved by the recent enclosure ofldie parish, The Leicester branctfh OdeGmeat.Northernltat,waywillhave astationk lwithin two miles ofdie property. Farticulars,with Plan-, may be had at the inns in the neighbourhood; of- Edwmard Williamson, Esq., solicitor, lied Lion-square: at Garraway's ; and at the offices of Mesmsr, Farebrother, Clarlc. and Lye. 6. lancaster-place. Strand. Cheshunt, Hcrts.-Two valuable Freehold and Copyholet Closes of Meadow. and Mlarsh Land, situate in Oversea Mend and Cheshuntcommon1. rESSRs. ZAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE Jkare instructed to SELL, at Garraway's, on Wednesday, April 23, by direction of the Exeautors oldihe late Mrs. Bridget Frances Profit andI Miss Jane Longuevilie Antt, the followingvaluable FREEHOL'D and COPYHOLD) LA.NDS, situate in the pariah of Cheshunt, Hlerts, viz. :-A Freehold Enclosure of Meadow land, Situate in Oversea Mlend, conitaining Ta. Ir. 15p., close to 'Waltbam-marsh-lane, leading fr)m CrosOurook-street to the marshes. ana abutting on the lands of Messrs. Tonson and Collett; and Freehold and Copyliold.%Marsh Land, situiate in the Cuflley-road, on Cheshunt-common, abutting en die landIs of Messrs. addoctas, Prescott. and Mliles, containing 7a. Or. 12p. The whole let to M1r. Heward at £~21 per annum. Particuars w;ith plans, mybhaatthe inns in the nteighbourhood; in London, of Bdward Wilimsn,EsI., solicitor, Redt Lion-square: at Garraway's; and at die oflices of Messrs. Farebrother. C'lark. and Lye, Lancaster-place Ke-t. between Faruingham and Dartford.-Six F'reehold Cottages, in the village of Horton Kirby, a portion of the Tithes of the Parish, amosunting to £105Os, Per annuTsi, sod a considerable fall of 0ak,.Ash. anid Elm Timbter, lying on the various e-states of the late Jarnes Russell. REss-. and an enclosiure of Weed Land, about 12 acres, in the parishes of Horton Kirby. Farninghame. and Fawkharn. liESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYEB -A will SELL by AUCTIO N,. at the Corn Exchange. Daitford, on Satursday. April 26. at half-past S in the afternoon precisely, iIn various lois. yrz :-A FREE HOLD COTTAGE, ivthi large garden, formerly known as she Fightiiig Cocks, in the village andi parish, of Horton Kirby. let on a yearly tenancy, at £14 per aunuam; Five Freehold Cottines, adjouining the fsc-'in-- anid let to weekly tenants, producing £E37 14s. per annum. Tlc tithe rent charges comprise the Several sums of £10 So., £16 l7s., £18, and £20 4s.. issing out of lands situate in the parish of Horton Kirby ; a Freehold Enclosure of Wood Land, in two lots, knownm as Cluiuscheown Wood. in die parisle of Fawkham. and containing about 12 acres land-tax redeemed; a considerable Fall of Oak. Ash, aiid Elm Timber, lying on the variouis farms anid estates of the late James Russell, Esq., in Farningham, Horton Kirby, and Fnwkham, and are lotted and marked wvith white paint, and snay be seen en application to Thea King, Brand-shatch Farm adjioinIng. Particulasre ofite a'aove areunow preparing. and may be had at the Built Inn, Dartford;, Lion. Farhiughom:, Now Inn, Gravesend; at the Corn Exchange, Dartford; of Benjamin Bodlman, Esq., 1S, Carmen-street, city; at Garraway's ; and Of, Messr. Fiurebrother, Clark, and Lye, Lancasterplace, Strand. Copyhold Estates with fine certain and laud-tax redeemed, held of the Stanor of Hfackney. iIESSRs. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE L .have received instructions to SELL, at Garraway's on Wednes~day. May 7, at 12 (by direction of execusis), valable C'OPYHOLD) ESTATES. equal to freehold. held of the Mfanor of Hackney, com-. mol ialed the King's lhold, and comprisng Four well-built Restdecs.NIos. 1. 2. 3. asid 4. Grove-place, Churchl-road, Hackney, of the annuail valute of £12 each; three of the houses are let en leases for 18 years from ILtdy-day, 1012. at a ground cent of £1 MO. Cd. each; wvith 'reversion to the rack rentals at thie end of the leases; and No. 2 is let on a yearly tenancy of £E52 10s. The fine on death or alienation is £2 13s. 4dl., andI the land-tax is redleemed- The property may be viewetd, byrpermission of the tenuants. and particulars maybeo hadL Of Msr Cakand 31erce, s-olicitors Coleman-street; at Cars-away's ; and of Mlessrs. Farebrother, Clark, and Lye, 6, Lancaster-place, Strand. Day of Sale Altered-fromIWedniesday, Api2, oWdesday,f My 7 -Very raluableAnnuitiesof£3.S,100£173s., and£H2217s., secured upon Estates, producing at present about £10,000 per annum, and Policies of Assurance for £-25, 000 in th e rincipaiasrac ffices. .31[SSE. FREBOTHE ~ CLR,andl LYE r nstrcted to SELL by, AUCTION. at Garraway's, on%Wedmesday, Mlay- 7th, at 12, in lots, by, order of the MVortgagees under their poe fsle, the following ANN iUITIES. viz, :-£3.300, 4707 3s., and £192r1,s. d-uring the life of a nobleman agest 43. expectant on die death of his father, now aged 72. Theme annuities are most amply secured upon extensive estates in Chelsea, comprising nearly the whole of Sloane-street,~Sloane-6quare andinews, Lower Sloane-Stree t. King'sroad, UpperGCoorge-streLt, Paradise-row. Cheysie-walks, Manor-street, Queen's-street, Blacklans-lane, Ormond-row, Millesan-row, Sherwmnsplace, Bteneabi-street, Little Blenheim-street. Bond-street, Russellstreet, Collingwood-street, Wellington-street, Wilhlim-street, Knightebridge. Eaton-place, Belgrave-square. Belgrave-street, and Lowadesmews, the gross rental of. the whole amoenting as nearly as can be ascertainied to £10,000, with prospect of a great increase on the fallig-in of mny f te goun leaes,whih hve itta short time to run. Also thefolowig Pilcm o Asurace-aw ife £4000. Logs land General£3,00 Gurdin,£S,00Proidet,£1,00 Glbe,£4100an £l'00ndMiera l,00efecedin heycrsS4,146187.an 148 Wandsworth.-To Comchandiers and others-Lease and Goodvwil, t y order of the Trustees. A MURRELL w1l SELL by AUCTION, on 1V e S th ~ tnd tee Mcmi orn Saturdy, April 12, at 11 for 12, by order of tle Trustees of Meirs. Grint and lion, the valuable LEASE and GOOD. WILL of an old-established CORINCHAIDLER's, doing a large trade. The premises comprise a shop, private dwelling, granaries, lobtsstablin- and y-ard in the rear, situate in the bestpartof the HiJh-strect, WVandsworth; held upon lease for an unexpired term of eigat years, at the nominal rent of £32 per annum. The premises may be viewed on a pLication, and particulars had of Messsrs. Lofty, Potter, and Son, solicitors, 36, King-street, Cheapside; on the premises: and of Mfr. lurmrll. auctioneer. &c., 1, Valbrook, city. Stock and Utenils in Trade, Hlousahold F'urniture, and Effects, at Wandsworth; by order of the Trustees. MR. MIURRELL will SELL by AUCTION, on ,LT the Premises, High-street Wandswortb, on Saturday, April 12, ut 11 for 12. by order of the Trustees of Messrs. Grintand Son, the HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE : comprising four-pa z tand other bedsteaels and bedding, wash-stands, chests of dravers and the usual chamber appendages; Brussels carpets, dining and other tables, sofas, chairs, bookcaes,e prints. linen, books, oftice f urniture, kitehen requisites, and brewing-utensils; also the stock and utensis in trade of a corrchandler. including tliree capital rnrrowvwheel carts, light sprina cart, roost wag;on. four tuseful horses and cob, nearly new harness, wagon cloths and tarpawlings, 500 quarters of con, branand other aNs, weighing machines, measures, mills and various cffects. May be viewed the day iJnor and morning of Eale. Catalogues hadof Messrs. lofty Potter and Son, 36, King-street, Chenbpside; on the premises; and of Mr. Muriell, auctioneer, &c., Valbrook, city. To Small Capitalists and others.-Vote for 'West Kent-Fireelsold Readence and Groumns,in the beautiful vicinity Qf KE3ckholt near Sevenoaks, Kent, R. TIEIORP bhas received instlletions to SELL by 1!t AIJCTIO,. at Garraway's, on Thursday, April 17, at 1 precise1y - sFRECEHOLD ESTATE, most delightfully mtuat.e as above, and snovZnas Little Birlinms comprising a brick-built cottage resideuce, with greenhouse attached, a two-stall stable, coach-homse, and other outbuildings, togetherwith goodgardens and productive orchard, the whole containing about 2a, 3r. 3p. Tue above offers an excellent opportunity to a gentleman desirous of a country residence for his - family durig summer, or as a hunting-box, for which purpose it is weU adlapted, there being several packs of hounds in the immediate neighbounrhooL Parculars and conditions of sale may be had of Messrs. Anstien anr Hol2roft, solicitors, Sevenoak s; at Gamraway's; and of The auctioneer, 28, Upper Albany-street, Regent's-park. Hereford House, Oldl ExomptIon.-The Town Residence of the Oats 150dy Hotham- C IKC and GALSWORTHY will SELL by C AUCTIOK. upo the Premises on Monday, Aril 14, at 12, the valuable LEASEn oftiRdsiguse RESIDE CE.seated in exte.- sive pleasur grounds, lad out with remarkable taste as an Itla garden, alt-er the ztyle of Vill Albani at Borne, h1ving arboreta, roeniies, and terrce walks, adorned with sculpture, pediments, flights e, steps, &c., also commumicating with a park-lik-e meadOW, through the luxuriant foliage of whicht ar opened vistas to afford views of the distant country and the picturesque church at North-end, Fulham; the entrance being by, folding carriage gates and drive opening to circular hall with ispiral stone staircase; a suite Of drawing loonms, communicating with the dining room, Occupy the whole ga-rden front, the windows of which opnon an elevated balcony, and cotimand the picturesqlue scene abovye mentioned; the drawving rooms being decorated in an unique style. evincing a high appreciation of the fine arts ; the dinhig room is m the Italian style, writh vaulted roof; also a maorning room, three principal. bed chambers, bath rmom. dressing roomns, and spacious corridor, and five other bed roomas above. The ofiUces are wel arranged on the basemnt also coachhouse, stabling. numerous out-buildings, greenhouse, cOnseratOrly, o These eremuses are held for a term of 19 years unexM l.at a mo ern rent. Tarticulanrs miay be obtained of Thomas M3. Glding. Es,q., solicitor, Walsham-le-Willows Suffolk;- William Benjamin Paterson, Ese. 4, N~ew Bridge-street, Elaictriars; an d of Chinnock- and Galsworthy, auctioneers and gurveyors 23, Regent-street. Watecloo-place. liereford-house, Old Brornpton.-Costly Furniture, Sevres, Drese.te, and Oriental. China. Collection of Faintings, including a series of ropresentattons of the Ante and Sciences by Cipri-ni, fcom Carlton- house, and other valuable Works. Serrices of China and Glass.Wines, Blooks, Linen, Two Broughams, a Barouch. powerful Brougham Horse. Garden Statuary and numerous Effects, late the property of Lady Rotham. decased.t R IXN?OCK and GALSWOXRTHY Will SELL by AUCTIO'N, upon the P'remises. Hereford-house, Old Erorntn on Monday, April 14,, and twvo following days, the entire EPF &ECT of thd MA,NSION. comprising an assemblage of maodern household fursiture, of the uisual description. including many itemas of a costly chLaracter, large sire chimney-glass, an numnerous looking-glsass panels, Turkey. Aubusson, and 1ersian carpets, expensive clocks and ornaments. including Sdvres Dresden, and Oriental china, a collection of paintings. cmnpristifg some works of the highest class, yiz., a series of 14 panels, formerly in Carlton-house, Pointed by Cipriani, representinig the arts and sciences. head pieces and cuPid group)s by other artists, forming a comnplete decoration for a room of large size ; also valuable works by Vandy ke Morland Bouichier 3Mignard Dusart Holbein Wouvermans Lancret Picart Albano 'Watteau Hondikoeter. water-colouirs numerous gilt girandoles, brackets and candelabra, services of china and glass, 300 vols. of standard books, choice misscellaneous wines, services Of PLaite and plated articles. kitchen requisites. three carriages, a horse. 1,000 plants. garden utensils, statu-ary and ornamental vases. s.c. May be viewed twvo days prior, and catalogues had of Thomas I%L Golding, REsq., solicitor, Walsham-le-'Willowso, Suffolk ; and of Messrs. Chinnock and Gairs-orthy, auetioneers and surveyors 23. Regent-street, Londlon. Absolute Reversion to £500 Coonsols, on the decease of a laLdy not less thani 76 years of al THID HAtRof£100Cosos,inesedinth names ofhhl resecabe rusee, aricuar my o ad of W. .. Fisher s* solcior 3 Kngstee, Ceasie ad f heauctioeers 28,Rent Bn3ghtou.-Noble Freehold Mansion, in the best part ofthton facing the sea; let on lease at £23 per annum. A frtca net ment, CIHINNOCK and GALSWORTHY have been 'kIfavoured with' itructious from the Executors of the late Lady Hotham to SELL by Auction, at the Aucetion Mart, on Wednesday, April 23d., the substantially-built FREEHOLD MANSION, being No. 33. Brnnswick-terrace, desirably situate at the south-west corner. facig te sa, nd cmmadin a ineview of the King!s-road, havig prtio etrnce,larg ha1 obl diingand drhawing roms privte ntrace romthe ous. Ths popety i le ona lease for a term seen yarsunexire, t theDowger ounessofsose, at the modeateren of£21 necannm. an nlybe viewebypriso of the tenant. Particulars obtained of Thomas Golin qsoctor, 'Watshain-le-Willows, Suffolk; anld of 'Messrs. 6iu~ n Gaira-orthy. auctioneers andl land agents. 28, Regent-street. London. 2,00O dozen of splendid beesawing Port, guaranteed 0al of one quality, Salideman's brand andI shipping, vintage 1840. bottled in 1845-6, the poetofapntvace gentleman, for absoluiteSae emmnO CK and GA-LSWORTHEY are favouredi the ith instructious from the X'ropribtor to SELL by AUCTION, at teMart, on Monday, May 5. at 1 precisely, the above extensive and importanit CELLAR of PORT WINE, nowr ly-ing wvhere it was bottled in a vault, in Tui-eezers-alley. in M~ild ord-lane. Strand, where it may be inspected and sampled, and from whence it will be deivered. This wine was purch-ased by the present owner during the panic of 1845, was immediately bottled. and has since been 1ying undisturbed in the va~ult where it was laid down, the owner having resided for many years of the peried abroad. The wine isof the finest quality, and in splendidecondition, good colour, superioriflavour dry and full of beeswing. It will be sold from one sample, and the hulk ~uamauteedby the auctioneers of 'equal chamacter to that tasted, and will b e lotted to suit both the Oobtamedein saill quantites Faitfaulos iporices.irHote propr11ietors, land ClearedI from the Bonded Warehouses byv the Auctioneers, wvithout resrv-e. AUCTIO, oa Wdnesdy, May7, at12, atth leRo,2, Old ond-tret, 10 vluabe PINTIGS,the prpty fagel- Ponption urpus cietifc Apamus.Twoexpensive Newtonian Telscpe, 2 i. iaetr, ocl enth 12 feet. C HINNOCK an GALSWORTHYaxe directed by theCoucilof he anoticn t SLL by AUCTION, at the lathe,xcopperagas holders, and numrou Felecticl, gsalvani, phot Mess rs 1P.Chnock anoducaivwoLthy, auctionexelenFars,8,hegntstemoet, satealoo.pce. CIHINNOCOK andI GALSIVORTHY will SELL by tJ AUCTION, tteMr, o nx Wednesday, Ma y18, at 12, ay FREE. HoLD GROExeuNDorENT of th10,eM well secured by Fourlhouses ath Fuehiam,e wit YH OL reeri n dthereto inR4EEarsOLDa fEeholdS ground renso Je5 ie. C Fannm, securted by Hrtwo houses, wihneverso iny 8ysears. Ptarticuar on the auctionees and ofr esrs.hoinon U.Teeand Tomralse, solicitors, 4S, Conduit-street, Regent-street Sumex-Vauble Cpyhol and art reehol ETates copyholdisg stead. s.c. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ins.Ma b ('IHINNOOK and GALSWORTYRwillsELL byd tionofltea.Exectrs ofgbl treheolateMr JnvesWright.s fFtam h simbleCOPYHaouD and5 part FREEHOn D an 'eSAE,kona ame untie ngFrm siut e at6 H4erde Keynes, nerHyar'-et Sttindon the Lond onh landWm Brghonlin.Tessaecopie EOS. r.S,ofvr prINOdctiv land wihcaialfRm-huY and hM diestea,nd isltto aEL goo AUTeONan, atn lotw ret. the c,opyThoudrs ofg the ano ofHoedRyns at m rcsey E erTElyI noialu fines MayEH be viwetaduartieand hadn atos the Mart26 2 tof4 inessrsinson and 4 Tomitoiitr,Codi-street; rgsra,Cesa a. in' F.e Hcuamion of1, oelsldtreet. hbo of S.r B.w rtent s .alsolictor 14, parliannm ient-streetdo Freeriht,d 16.un Pomna-pac. FuLarg and of the ,2,3 auctiGlonesers,28 Regent-street, Waterloo-place.ng inrear Cheles.Veryeliibl Frehol Invstmnts mostndesira17 Hporuses prodchly ingdlboue£x0Deir ablum an reeholdsae Groundresnts 1adeOr. thepil of ther larte Win.doe, Tw Fednaq. taes c M ESSRS.OHI nNdO andSORR ALwORH SEreb directedTIONSELL bydAUCTIO, nloin tht 1the Mart,1 onThonl-,a dh'ar1t, atml1- preciosely. SEVENTEEN ofb rvalube Fonrat,teEHOLD HOUSE, situate nand bhein Ch sch 25ind26, c2om5 inlsie and 48et Samith-sresietc, Kgseratd, Cha ielse,ali thebeoccupartio of gDood anres Freeholads GroundiRntsgriigu of aNoeatifu, u, nd4aigchrce, Gcontainiplace,he Kings-read andr22 ayndbl 23. rmith-tence, with embabcing inm rear the property will be offre inets, afoardy~ingiaemost besdbng oppotu-, nitBy frinestden,st.uayte viewede byg proaissondo thevea cotaents; and particeas,hadiofveohnligilfotar gen, F c.2 Nhewsquare,whinchieon'-tn thgouas tode m ain . rod Ms thgre-ut-erhamrs.ad-a T edemp e;dCW and-i gih-rave,Fa. ex.p Mansaor-terrac, Khing's-roa wd;cthe Mart; aend cof Mnvlesss,hinc and Gh be artworthye aupetybioneers,o28, eget-osteetio, Waterloo-pince. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ i bin Fuiacs. Middesex.ld -oyod Daimbd Freeshold Eostaes, compruising lil. r. Sp ofvey frtleLand, w eiecs,Ctae,sc (I-HINNOCK and G-ALSWORTHY wrill SELL by N-/AUCTION, on Wiedtinedy Mayhruteso the l5h, ate 12 cs'c o.k,a trihe at, onednesdaypreioulay disposted ofrtt by2rivTEcnRat) tREHeOim HOriSolFREEoL.1 ,ad 16TAT klmnownace ans Getsarm tor leseol Fateirmsso, situate near thenChurch, Finneey cornttrsige an texellen fathl rhedsidence, sated in valae finlyotibrdpk of abfdngondpouite acres witthands. hadivinga foftar beutfullyfet undlsoating charatr ose,oneann togth cabouta87 baeresso, lying Noa cia fec, 3,and4 emraingh-someet oFul them highestwgouend ath Fochuaioyn pecugiarl teligible as buldngs smunites fat tmily esiene sitaeinum athhigharos mb hand several cottaWrgestan gadn, havingYvery eligible frntaes c The Nelstate,Swhichile contiuos. tobminso rands,mis th greaterspar la ,nd-itaxtredeeme, aegndti tith-ree,;ofS excpt Smalln portio, theitithes of warichhaentbteenai comN vlesr.Cinl, and thechif p rthof the proper-tyrbeintcl,withrooploseion, Glffersgunusuale oportuitiaes.-fmortantunpreehoginvstmtent, itabeing -iHtsasJs TyOr, Masn, anG AylSOR,slctors 15aFrnifvao'sied Ho-,' n oft Messrctos.tedoSctndPidocyAU citors, andtheAscto.Webbt anededaBuc ,surveyors, Woceter 1 f JolelFouster Earl, lad agnt 24 treatyes-the HNOLLn CAndLEof Bess F.usc Mn Galw orth, ac ETTioEersianduand agnts 28, Regenat-dpsitreet, Weartetelo-place.at Fplark,-reeh todeutfu Copyhos, and LeseholnddHousexWs,veandculding lihtSi4s plesur grou2,saand16 Pomonal-pllace,Kngelad twoas leastoehol wit shds,yar, ad avalabl plt o buldigcroun, alopp eostBell'st Cotaes avngafrntg o 68fet;aloscw ffor ose,Gn wit epi~akrshopbenges,1,2, , nd4, ig-sree,eut ham;thwboe i th occpaton f god benat,a ot mutn able miinerals, including Craig-y-Tewgoed, now held under lease by Messs. lewdlynandlion' afi te vlua le pce of Land, knowg b'epulishery dvoe smonthbefoethensale, and mary vauble obtainedo Willam . Wbste.Eotathes Gol-hah South Wales;.fMsr CHINNOCK and GALSWORTHY beg to aSyprise N/gentlemen seeking good landed investments in South WT esthat they have received instructions to offer to public AUCTION, in June next, the very valuable FREEHOLD ESTATE of Feel-alit, in the county of Glamorgan, comprising between 4,000 and 5,00 acres, all led to good tenants at low old rents. The property in particularly eligible on account of its minerals. Istore detailed advertisemecntz will shortly ap,pear. Particulars may be obtained of,NMessrs. Tatham, Upton, Upton, and Johnson, solicitors, 20, Aus~tinfriars, cty; an0fMsr.Cinc and Galsworthy, auictioneers and land agents, 2,Rgn-tet Waterloo-place. Clerkenwdll, neatr St. John-street-road.-Genuine Houseboldnrtue superior set ofmahogany dining tables. hadsome rosewoo hfo ajer, plate-glass ,back and marble-top, 30 very finieproof prints, splenIslid-tone 6.-octavo cottage pianoforte, in rosewood case, mahogany winged wardrobe, set of mahogany sweep-back chairs, leather sai conclies in leather, large Brus.-s elsarets and hearth-rugs, spleni japanned and brain Arab'ian bedstead,. 100 vote, of nooks, large chimney-glass. dcc. -,[R. J. W. WARD will SELL by AUCTION, on .LYJI the Premises. 24, Myadelton-square, Clerkenwell, To-mnorrow, IApril 10, at 12. without reserve, 200, Iota of excellent HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and EFFECT; comprising isonandF'renchhedstenels, capital feather beds and bedding, wool and hair mattresses, mahogany and japanned waslistand and tables, superior dressmng-gIaseses m- hogany and japanned chests of drawers, bed room chairs, anid althe usua chmbe itms,setsof ahoanychars,leather and hair seats, Pall-maLl.-ELt-ensive Coelection of ancient and modjern Italiar, V, j e ItSS FO GTErdand SONwil ELL by A C Italia, Frenh, VnlhBegian, U a d r Spanis scoos;inluin works of Rbes iffer Str On view, and catalogues had of Messrs. roster andSon, 54 pall-mall. Bishopsgawt-sreet without, No&. 58% 55., 60, adl 1'J ESSRS. FOSTER ~~and SNare deced toSL 4 by UCTION at th Mart,onx Tuesday, April 15, at 12. in one lot,oneundvide TETH-ARTor SHARE in and to FOUR sub. stantl FEEHO D DWELLING-HOUSES, with Shops and back premies being No.59,5, 60, andI 61, Bishlsopgate-sireel without of the esiae nulvalue of £:40. Particular may be had 14 days before the sale at the Mart of G Dodd Reez. solicitor, 26. New Broad-stret, city ; and of Messm Foster, 58. Ykali'-ml Sitoke Newington.-A capital Leasehold Property of Fire well-hunit Homses and Shops. in the high road, all let on long leases, and held for 94 years at ground rents ; to be sold in five lots. M IEsiSRS. FOSTER and SOiN are directedl to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tueaday, April 15, at 12 FIVE excellent HOUSEfilS, wvith modern Shops, advantageously placed in the heat part of the High-street, Stoke Newbiuten,bein-g Nos4, 5 6 7, andS8 T,Mr.Rtumpey,Mr.Parrot,Mr. kLniy, and Mr.Ral,onluses.echforyears, at the followiug renatsviz., £z55,£~ £70, £,;0. and £163, makinf tegether £30 Per annum ; hel ddirect from! the fireeholder, at, for Nieo. 4 and 5 together, £10 ground rent; and for Nos. 0, 7, and 8 a ground cent of £20 per aunum each. This property is in the most desirable part of Stoke Newiseton for business, is to be sold in fxve lots, offering good security for investment without change, an the tenants aUl hold for 21 years, andI have power in their leasesto claim renewvals.for afurther term 0f21years. May be viewed by permission of the tenants, and particulars bad at the Angel, Islington; at the Mart; of Messrs. MeLeod and Cann, 51, Lincoin's-inn fieldls; and of Messr. Foster and Son, 54, Pall-mnall. Pall-mall.-Modern and A-ncient Pictures, Daig,Onmns Planetarium, an expensive Organ by Rtobson, tepoet fagn tlemnan. E% ESSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by AUC.ITTION, at the Gallery, 5L, Pall-mall, on Wednesday, April 16, and following day, a COLLECTION of about 5.0 PICTURES, removed from No. 3, Hy-de-park-place, where they have hurng te lasea 20 years ; in- eldn uin Fiurs Glilsolphi ; Rubens and his WVife, b V. Braohlner, the p ic picture at the Antwerp Exbton; a Pai of Marine Views, Ko~ekkoGek; a Sea Shore, old( nyp; nd specimens of- P. Potter Do Koningh S. del iMeo ",an Os D). Teniers A. Kauffman S. Ferrato A. Cuyp. Also some clocks, broncos of large size, groups of Dresden china, candelabra,2oeien of pearls, a planetariumo, a mechanical figure, marble pedetals, and an expensive barrel organ by Messrs. Robsoxn. On view two dayNs prior, andcatalogues had of Messrs. Foster, 54 Pallmail Bonid-street.-Second and select Portion of the imiportation of Au- husron Carpets. IESSRS. FeOSTER and SON will SELL by AUC- TION, at the Rooms, No. 21, Old Bond-street, on Friday, April 25. and following day. at 1, She costiy AUBUSSON and DRESS CARPES, aout 5 innumbr, ad vayingin size, suitable to a- drawng oomor oudin he racfuldesgnsand harmonious blendingof olorsithse arpts s emakabe, ndthey are adapted eiter o frstor ecoe casshoues.Evey crpe inthe former sale wan old an itis he ntetio oftheownr t coduct this auction on te sae bais. her wil be loo omebeautiful portieres, taLpestris, ofacovrs &c Onvie fur aysprir,and catalogues had of ln Chancery.-Colletn ofAcin icture, remaoved from CheltenM ESSRS. FOSTER and SON will (unider an order li alof the Vice-Chnelr SELL by AUCTION, at the Gallery, 4,Pl-mall, on Wednesday, Arl30, at I, a COLLECTION of about 49 PICTURES, including two ln examples of Mieris, a landscape, Orizonti, and specimens of Wouvermnans Morland Mloucherors Roos Palamedes Rubens Cusp Ferg Wilson C. Doice Domenichino Do Hloogh. To which will he added the following fino works, the property of a cleryman:-A uprght andcape by , ad A. Booth; a Landscape, J. Eyadti;Shipin pice,Bachuyen;Landscape, Pynacker, ex- Italian and Dutch Pictures of great importance. MESSIRS. FOSTER. and SON are direc-ted to SELL by A UCTION, at thLe Gallery, 54, Pall-mall, on 'Wednesday, Mlay 7. atl1 precisely, a COLLECTION of 1TAIIAN, Spanish, Dutch, and Flenish PICTURES, of the highest quality, formed during past years wilth mature judgment from celebrated galleries and cabinets ; among many deserving of particular enumeration miay be noticedJupiter and Antiope by Vandyck, and several other important 'works from the Earl of Coventry's collection;- a L,andscape and Pigures, by Plhilip Wouivermans ; Holy Yaml", Prm,~egiano; and a Lion Humt, by Rubens, from the collection of Sir Thomas Baring; Portrait of Rubeness Wife andI Child, by Rubens, from Lord SomervBie's collection; a Landscape, Waterloo;. a line Metzu, from Mlr. Lake's cabinet', a Landscape and Waterfall, byRuysadel ; Holy Pamily, Andrea del garto Bu master and Ibis Lay, by Terburg ; and important specimens of %tio following reat masters: Muil W. Vanderveldo Cuyp Both Goiogiono A.. Vandervelde P. Mienis Schalkeni A. del Sarto' Wouvermans Vandemeer Watteain Parmsegiano - Eglon Vandemneer Backhuysen R.Wilson May be publicly viewed two days prior. Catalogues will be forwarded on application to Messrs. Foster, 54. Pall-mall. F'reehold Houses and Shops, in the city of London, let on leases. MESSRS. FOSTER auni SON will SELL by AUCMTION, at the Auction M1art. ion Thiursday, May 15 at 12 ir two lots, the following desirable FREEHOLD) PROPERtTffS, vin7:-A most substuntial Hfouse and Shop, No. O, on the north side of Skinnerstreet, in the city of London; let on lease to. and in the occupationx of. Mesrs.Burer fr atem o -yeas.Lot2.A substantialHouse and Shop at he bck f th forer ot, nd bingNo. 3, Snowihill; let on2 leas te andn te ocupaion f, essr. Wbb,for a, term of - years, Thes hoes reset ecelentinvetmets,andproduce a well-secured incme f 200peranum.Maybevieedby ermissin of the Two miiles from Briglitosa-The Ovingdean Estate, all Rreehold and free of land-tax; consisting of a capital Mansion, and a Farm of 310 acres, together with the Manor of Wighten Calefe. M ESSRS. FOSTER and SON are dlirected to --announce for SATE by AUCTION, on Thursday, the 15th day of May, at 12 o'clock, (unless previously disposed of by private contract), the OVINGDEAN, ESTATE, mather less than two miles from Kemp-town, and formerly the property and residence of Nathaniel Kemp, Esq., consisting of a capital farm of about 350 acr7es ofarable,meadow. andpasturelaad,.withfarmceottageandother cottages, farm yard, and all appropriate agricultural buildings, together with Oving-dean-house, a capital r-esidence, with detached offices stables, coach-houses, carriage yard pesrgrounds, plantations, walled paddock, kitchen garden, greeonose, anu melon ground. Thu farm is let on lease to Mr. Steynimcg Beard, at £350 per annum; t-he mansion and grounds are let on lease to John Nebart Esq., atX260pe annum. The situation is singularly healthy, the inand azi narine veiews are extensive and beautiful, the lands carry a good dlock of cheep all the year, and the proximity to Brighton must over give an im. portance to this estate. Particulars may bo had of Messrs. Hlopgood, solicitors, King Wfiliam-street, Strand ; and of Mlessrs Fosterand Son, 54. Pall-mall, who are authorized totreatfor the sale by priv-ate contract. Preehold Ground Rents. 1IF[ESSRS. FOSTER anad SON willSELL by AUC- TION, at the Mfart, in May, (unless previously disposed of bV rrae cntactl REEHIOLD GROUNDI) RNT, amounting to 47per annum, abundantly secured on first-class property, on the Hyde-park estate. Particulars are preparing.--M, Pall-mall. Pslll-mall.-Preliminary Advertisement. M ESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed to remove from No. 8, ThueIce-place Brompton, and SELL byAUCTION, at the Gallery 5, Pall-mall. on Wednesday, May 14, and two following days, the HoSISEHOLD) FURNITURE, decorative china, casket of Jewels, plate, and personal effects of the late Mrs. -Ellis. The jewels and Plate are of a costly character, chiiefly furnished by Messrs. Garrard and Messrs. Hunit and Roskell. The china and decorative furniiture, mostly purchased at Plaris, tome out of the Exhibition of I55. The lace, shawl, and flounces, and Indian shawls areof the best description. The furniture is lain, but well manufactured, and in a good style; the curtains and bes angintgs thrugh the house are satin, and the effects are generally nearly new and as hanidsome as money with good taste could purchlase. The whole may bo viewedl on the premis-es on Priday, May U. byIcatalogues only, and at Pall-mall on the Monday and Tuesday following. Catalogues wil he ready by the 28th April, and may te hadl at Messrs. Foster's offices, 54, Pall-mall. No. 28. Abbey-place, St. John's-wood.-The superior Furniture of a genitleman's reridencc, the principal portion supplied within the last three years by the eminent firm of Jackson and Graham, and in ex. cellent condition, a few Pictures. Prints, Clockzs, Lustres. and Orna. mente, a small service of Siliver Spoos, Forks, and Ladles, Electroplate and P'lated Ware, China, Glass, 24 dozen of Port Sherry, and Claret, and 7 dozen of Whisky, and various Effects. MESSRS. RUSMVORTHandJARVIS will SELL Mby AUCTION, on the Plremises, To-morrow April 10 at 12, the capital modemn FURNITURE. comprising Frecli damnask windo curtains, a couch in walnutr-wood, an elegant inarqueterie cabinet. chirmneyglass, beautiful velvet-pile carpet, a superior Turkey carpet 23 feet by 13 feet, solid Spanish mahogany dining tables 18 chairs and two indulgent ditto in morocco leather, an elevating dinner wraggon, davenport, brealfast table, hall fittings, fashionable Spanish mahogan% and brass Arnbian bedsteads, -with damask and chintz hangins window curtains en suite, good bedding, two fine Spanish mahny wardrobes, chests of drawers wahshtands with marble tops, toilet tables and glasses, fittings of the servants' apariments, kitchen requisites. a gardent chatr. ironl roller, and other effect.. May he viewed one day yeiu,adcatalo"ues had on the premiises; at the Eyre Arms, Sr. hnswd;and of Messrs. Reshworth and Jarvis, Savile-row, Re. gent-street. and 19, Change-alley, ComhilL. Valuable Services of Table Porcelaine and Omamental Items,cail Sheffield Plated Ware, and an extensive Wardrobe of excellen al and Bed Linen, the property of a lady ofrs,deae. MESSR.S. RUSH WORTH and AYSwl SELL iqby AUCTION at their Great Room, Seville-row, on Tuesday. Apgril 15, valuable DIIESDMEN, Old Chelsea, Kronenburg, and Derby cabinEtAcups comprisng services for the table, ornamental vss caie usand figures, including somae choice specimens capsita plated wvare, consisting of two soup tureens, 12 oval dishes a set of dish covers two sets of entrle dishes and warmers, vegetable dishes ma urn, cruet and egg frames, candelabra, candlesticks, inkistands. anda set, of IS hot-water plates, fitted in a case ; every variety of cable and bed linen, in excellent condlition, a large portion of which is not made up. Also, on the following day, a few articles of cabinet furniture, n)ic-unas, andnmiscellaneouiseffects. Maybe viewed the day preceding the cale; and catalogues had at the offices of Mfessrs. Rushiwortlt and JarviE, Saville-row, Regent-street, and 19, Change-alley. Combill. Excellent modern Furniture, a Cottage Pianoforte, a Cabinet ditto L by Broadwood, Chimney and Pier Glasses, a few lots of Plate, Cabinet Pictures, Services of China and Glass, and Miscelaneous Objects; remaoved from Little Suttont antd Messr. Tilbury's wvarehouse. M ESSRS. RUSHEWORTH anld JARVIS will SELL by AUCTION, at their great Room, Sevile-row on Wednesday April 16, and following day, the elegant modemnP! l~IUR in rose wood and mahogany, consoles and glasses, clocks, porcelain and other ornamental objects of taste, chamber appiendages, including excellent bedding, handsome porcelain. table services and rich cut-glass, a few cabinet pictures, a nd other valuable miscellaneous effects, including an oak- skitbyfSearle. May be viewed one day previous, and catalogues had at the offices of Messrs. Rushworth aud Jari,Sverw ' gent-street, and 15, Change-alley, Corahill. aes ail-o,It To Iroumongers, Hotelkeepers, Brokers, and others.-Ten Register Stoves, 50 Bronco Fenders and Tire-irons, Flectro-plated Articles. &-c. ; under Bill of Sale. 1IUTESSRS. WELSFORD and Co. WMl SELL byv .lLLAUCTION, at their Rooms, 35, New Church-street, Edgeware. road, To-morrow. the 10th inst at12 forI, the FIRST PORTION of the STOCK of a I~RNHINd~ IRON-MONGER. The plateditems comrise tea andjcoffee services, candlesticks, &c. Also a few loin of funture. On view Wednesday and omoring of sale. Catalogues at the rooms, and at 15, Queen7s-read, Bayswater. coo or. modera Plato (Queen's pattern), Plato Chest, &c., Drawing Room Suite in walnut, removed from a residence in the Finchleyroad. 1ESSRS. WELSFORD and Co. Will SELL by AUCTION, at their Rooms, 35. Newv Church-street, Edgewareroad, To-morrowv, the 10th nstant, at 12 furl, by order of a gentleman w,ithoutreserve, PORTY-RIGHT TABLE and DESSERT FORKS, 48 ditto spoons, ladies, fish slice, ic.;* also 12 chairs in walnut, covered in velvet, easy chairs, Arabiau bedsteads, pair of cabinets, rnin lots bronzes, three valuable clocks, china, glass, andvsriousa other effecta. Orn vew. Catalogues at the rooms, 15. Queen's-rose, Bays8 ;o. 11, Trafalgar-square, Brompton.-Sperior well-made lHousehold Funiture atnid Effects, by direction of the Executrix of the late Captain Lediard. M R. GEO. BERRY will SELL by AUCTION, on ,g the Premises, as above, To-morrow. April 10, at 12 forl pre. cisely, all the well-made HOUSEHOID FURVNITURE; comprising maho,any bedsteads, with chintz h.angings, silk and mil puff bes, clean bedding, mahogany chests of drawers, ladies' Spanish mahogany winged wardrobe, gentleman's ditto, dressing-glasses, marble-top washstands anddressing tables, rosewood drawing room suite, comprising twro carved frame couches, 12 ditto chairs, loo, card and sofa tables, cabinet pianoforte b Tromkison, square ditto, noble chimney-glasses n massive carved and gilt frames, best Brussels carpets and rag, set of mahogany dining tables and chairs, china, flasa, a few books, hall and idtchen requisites. and other items 1tay be viewed the day previous ranmorninig of sale, and catalogues had on the premises ; ana attheaSuctnioneer's nofices, 8 a, Aotcom-street, Belrve-square. Bankside.-Stone Merchant's Stock in Trade and Effects.-Three Dar Sae. MESSRS. EVERSFF1 and HORNE beg to a announce that this important SALE, by order of the Truatee, a' .2, Banlmide, Sotithwark, is arranged in the fo31owing order --Today, at 1 o'clock, 10 000 feet of Paving and Slab, 160 landings, 120 York steps, 200 cills, 2,006 feet of coping, 100 sinls, numerous blocks of Portland and Gamby stone, granite, grindstones, So. To-morrow r at 1 18,000 feet of Yorkshire Paving 2,000 feet of Rockhill paving, 811 larg landings. 100 steps S blocks of Y'ortland, 60blocks of Gazeby, 10 tons of pitching, MlL=ones, grindstones, dC. Third Day's Sale, 'riRday, April 11, at 10 for 11, 10000 feet of Paving, 20large landings. 200 tons of granite pitching, lie blocks of Portland, granite, and Gareby, marble chimney-pieces and monuments;, 1,00 feet o£ marble slab, nuerous *seps,'clills coping, udnkS, lawsn slab, grindstones, milistones, c*, also the visluajile plant, consistngof three powerful horses and harness; stones truscks, carts, and implements, two travelling cranes, anfron crane onwFharf, olfice fittings, do The horses and plant willcoiumenoo at balf-paat 2. Approved bills at two mnonths.40, Parliament-street Morden College, Blacktieath.-Farniture and Effecta V. a decea;sed member. I 3j, AYSH will SELL by AUlCTION~, on the PI~remises.,Mocden College. Blackheatb. To-morrow, April 10, at 12. the FUFRNITURE aud LEFFECTS, comprising a new mahgn Arabiam bedstead aud bedding, a mahogaLny wardrobe, portable ater galvanic~ ~~ appants neea xdesn-aewt misellneos iem. Mr b viwedth monin ofsae, and cata- To be SOILD, 1iirsiaWnt to a Decree ot the High Court of XChaneer-y, made in a cause " CIttly T. Miller," by Mr. M1ARSH., at the Mart, on Thuraday, April 17. at 12, important andL valuable Freehold Investment, A No'rsn h a tlwUn-osand conveni,ent busine-ss Pr -%0.40,Fenhurch-treetithe heait of the city ofLionla, shhi aaort distanice of Gracechurcb-street, and in the immnediat-e vicinityof the C0olonal and Corn Markets, producing a net rental of £200 per annum ; in the occupation of. and on lease to. Mr. Miller. for a term of 21 years from 31iehaclanas last, at the above very low renta, ia considerationi of a prmium. Fartloulars with conditions of sale, may be obtained of Messrs Harrison, solicitors, 5 Walbrook;- at the Mart ; an d at Mr. Maxa.hls o ffices,I 2, Charlo tte -rows, 'Manilon-oue Bayswater.-Valuable long Leasehold Investments, for sale by direc_W ' ~~~tion of the Mortgagees. T .MARSH has received instructions frora the Aortpgsees to SELL by A'UCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday, April 17. at 12, in separate lots, SIX rubstantial recently-erectedltE. wather Modrately oWestmimatedtproduc raentaSi aemountReingences per Hannumr-theld underco seprat Sleases foratermo of 99hear formtaee. a oeregron M Rente hay beeivieed, andspreticulas frwinthecn diiosortsatees tobtaiEdLb UCIN at the Mart:,fMess Hion, ocToursdav The Wbroretok Avo; and aMr sNhex oFres,e2nCarlotothe-rw Mansion-o on thevoarn. ofhi Wabotnfounties of Dtaertx adesiabl Reasyideancesi Hfromer-treTiert, Pelicogtor, Sale, byairetion Sttof thn Motgaeers. MR. MARSH has receivedl instructions fromSL the mtoSLbyAUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday , pi 7 t1 uls Aunt 1ly ati12osedlofl in sepriate ConteraIXcaptath ERAMIALY REDDENTES withsuccoe dtfronts,ou n oumbre 2m,es 40f 42,re44, andm40 Hasngacnvvr-tenent Pectcor hos, utb the paihoPt erges,n Hanover-square, OfL theh annualivalue of v eac, hleldaupon letase frorntong therms,oati moderateog gound oote. Maydn beviwed, andbr patculars wit meaondoandt ou Fen esl a sohut bout 5, Fencuresofgtreet land,atoMr.sMinsh's orabces.. tCarlote-ow . ate oMansion H-ouse, k. amhue n g. Thera bepeuilAdvn hepeewe nanNet Presmentation tos the Yectr. ofdha beestnsteysidetuatrinoneofthmepmostibneauifllparteof eathe cuTye fro t le Tiverto ty ellisto, and theaunto Sations, onic thisetorly and Exeter Itaiontgtolwaype.anum P' 31ARSHi hnstrectied introcSEL n ty SEIOby I ON~~~~~, at th1at2nhrdy o'lock,at 12(NlEss ~reousiy oed of by Pivate Contact),rtheaD- EXT PRESNTATION o the PaEtORYlaos EAST ANSTEY Dem-nelsie, witin abut for Cmils,o Dulicertors, co5prisng covenentrectry ous. biltby Chearltesetrncmbn, Mandii TOnb which nothiangti tong plceasnlystatorotn the soutohto Cacev md stbinag Caute oChices. garden, lawn, shrubr. MARS, and ah Meadow of aoT furay Acres:17 ate 1bou 10n aresloft lb an,cnisigo amble mAdow,L p Lst se,horld croppie,rty, fasrm-houe, and igri- bee no-esident for romeuptuon,eompalsitin cwonseqeneeof reil-ealth. dithe chuschd is emi and dut easy,roi and houaionterc, rehich is tentxirel incme ex~lsiv o th rctr oue, montst10 1 per annum . eee May b viewedHyp hasnn bene fartiulrs, with condirutions oae obtine at AUTheOart at thepFountaipa HotelnDanterbiyon. TS-eur-o Wellinton andFTaubelongint the Ane,Cxor ;edLon,th Cambtriadge Def Messrs. Edwarids,gtaicfeh an(prductives soiios M. eladohan-td, attestVmister; andatin ver. earhigofies 2,Calott fre-rol, Mansimonahious, Lonedowan. adncon,ajiigtetw n o3g ofSxwc;freehold arnvestment, intea Cthe ofationdon. al- n variouspAiece of m6 erannum andpssimilatng.i to ron rpt,arisheingWt from tWodnsubstoughtiafreeholddulng-housKes.ti the citye of Lwndon,i wrehirls, arleind oea leas toM oonresponsibl leseera the abovet rental, then proper,=tyeis udere at abou Tarou peratinsnum Phertinuster mayd bea oBtanchd at the Mart;eofuMessrs.hfott, and Comw,solicStaitors. 2- buidgelerbmyx;usue anat r. Marsh's offices, 2, Charlotte-row, Mansis hlnlouse, rileowreoapiain Tob ySl AusouanctaDementImoftetaCortatSl of thenreshol mande TLeas E Lashold FPrts fte aeT operIuty, dEsirabl Sye forai R.vestmntAPor ocuatin rcmprisingstwougeteeidencs,fo ditino te bater's sfhop land Tremiss. Hu1, Adsdingtou-pLaLe CnberweUl tors, 5, Walbrook; and ~~~at Mir. Marsh'sofie,2Chrte-w,Mn LurplusLnstof the Sot-atm ala odmpay ounith bite Messrs Gillwan and Dhmeal g elranch.scl . orgial antns hb s benfvurdwt nsrcin fromp the Diretors ofbe the SthEsenRiwyCm anydt SELL hibytAUction,stothEFounAinTHOtel,Cntherbury,o Saur day.desApril2.et 2TforSinY the 9afterforn,taheRboNof the~ SUR-1 maLoSa PROPedTYdrbeloningtsofth Comperany,lonthepansotheran DealhBranch, compis ng tichtgandeproductie reaboldyMendoh and, atther Midsterd Satin; veryngs eigrible cloesgn oftfeehl caccmmoda-it tiong, moeaodow and gahr degroudaawiing romfmthre ton oand cornches of Sandwch fraseeh osld amblegland, Vnetar thenstione gatDal- andtbe varioutpees of medo cradow and paicstuvreyad inate prishso orth et pn freehold,anyigd seachrltawillcofe an vlaeto forkcthe, county.cave mayhbe viewed and particuarrs, with coditionWsW ofnsale otained aet th Foun-s taoainyHotel, s santebury-da sth vfariosvttond n h dinste and DonealsBranc;et thI(useholAsfod,ad RmaTow estaioens; bridge btherminus an ded at M.arhsofc,2,C arlot-ow, Man-f Preltminary pnouneetseprtssal fth rehl n eaSehold A NEsaeofteLat Toasd ELunT, Fareo hodnoured Exectoristntofs the lae Thma HUOnt, ast to SELLio byaUCtrON,tat the Str,eryi a,valuable FRE EAEHOLDT2RSD' an sitEateland,bvillareidece, Lwdwelln-houses, egaeshop.,andecottaeprs,hsitute.a Upeorgeand ower-sydae, ndham adfproducng entalstamountinga s aoute £o00 aperoannum eXclusives apoacthed buidn land.om particular are prepain, sibady mayh hroom,b obained watertheoMart; of Mhessirs. fland-v songantdBrawinurysoliiors, 22,h Bansmsesta ir-srct;and ato Mhr. Marsh' offices, 2, Charlotte-row,eMansion-hotwe Messr. Gilow ad Bating,Chimey-glsses wnelegn osler Gulazss orignal aintngs y Anelir Kaumaunanid beaer Pelroof En- M ESSRS. MANSELL and ELLI~oft, are pavoiulred modern FURNITUREand EFFECTS, comrising lnobe, Spcish. mahoganyl wngedardMrobtes chetsofdrtawers, mnIRfsarble-topandhthe fwsstns eheol-d Yaind toldet lase, wihtrPlasrme~ roundsh Mando athe bedthead Land,i hangings paires bd-gan.te abrft tinS,Rseo AAnd StEr L drwngdoo furnIOTur inrsofas,vouches, SEas ychis AndTIOte of chais eo uccaion3alt, anWdnwriting tabls larg chinley glases,ioustly and elegan prvaent consolt, te glas untaLe. suiesAofindo curtain and ownices, verygsupteriortl12 feet Sanish smahog any wingd sletai reoand gl are oocst e,lcaptal carvd comahoigany bookcase, larghe opsenittoweeentamsgritin table 7faet 6h Spanis maognye hc pedesaldsdebtend,sotvo carved din6ing roo chairs,ate setuof tuelesofple-frame dein ing table,stwrareianduit handm weriteares, Tr hey Brutels ande rother calbarpet, cuinar aries. and usoful waerfoerte also r a tfn edorignal ,aintingofmatletbydohaer,threexcellentgu paint tags byt wanger,detachednn wandfoine panroof egavngs dafter indeseer and ther. My beviewd te da p rcedng vr ammngeofssale, and- had oa the premises, and atotesofice of Mes l awns, place), and 12. Birchin-acran. ThCornoall, Ltinowrde-stet,Bl gae-q.rLogLeasehold Tw Resideuc,wt oC-oue tbe n builtebythehlat for Thom yas ut ande helud aet.alwgon wMth instruCtOnsIE wt SELL by AUCTION, atthAuinMa, on e Wednesday,May21 (unles previouslby odisoed of bye prvae cuon-, tesract)lte valuablElong LEASeHOLd, TOZ ESDECE situate, nfoto h anbing Noa.8 La h owrne-tret, Groelgraveouein thebs ato ptarishofrSt George, saxver-shamarem andtcheld fouUry anueprd tfierm fofr63cyears, wadgre,at the low rent of £10 per annum.oThe-house ismsauenduthreeuil snthed mstal apphroved potan, indtbeyr approached byahndoeprtio, and cotins, ro"n the gocundafloor, Er Gortoe-hllndve under anitagrdemnt rom,lira, bth roo, ad' wxater-clet; oenth ofirst5hper twoum elegat drwing oomswi f handomge sTe1no Esta.rcseolictord 1oor; on te uper foor are four weld l prprtione bes bedlhamers,3 Mogtwo mesticournce-trrcpie, Hdlarke housereper'soroo am,ywineicenlrcbters Oithe Ccnv-hntouses.an Mtaybeig viewed byirders from the auc-po tindoees whor yareuhrize tto oregiat forn thentsalfi, and particulearsesa maybe hadmofnin Messrs. pner andn littu utinesmn ureos teblgae-stiuare cre of Weatourn-tpracel, gNs.2 and 12, irchn tae, cisty ande ofthisrsLand,indalloou0hacres. hs ose rr retdi morstsubstata.ane,do theEL aesd ELLeiOTT. arte daoursed onranarfiEnCsed knonaspro astyin.Each Causte,n aomute 10 acresof Lnd ad PlesureGrouds, ostelihtfully and comablng- tast siuat onthecoes bewee Eaisgthen arae Tern rate leases, for an unexpired term of 81 years from Midsumm-ernaext, atan annual ground rent of£20l5so. 3d. eachhouse. The whole of the valuable fixtuires are scheduled to the subleawes, and sil be included in the urcase,Thi valabl proert offrs n unxcetionbleinvest- if daL-e. Prticlar maybe btaied f Mesrs Moris,Stone, Worfolk-street arid North-row. Park-lane, and Busy-street, St. james's -The raluable Leasehold Property of the late Hugh Reilly Faq. l, .V. J. COLLIER has received direCtions to MRLS-ELL byv AUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday, April 25, at 12, in lots, pursuant to a Decree of the Hiph Court of ~nom,0xtensi-,c LEASEHOLD PROPERTY, rompusngthe Dwelling-house, lately occupied by the deceased, simateo3, Worthl-row, within a few yards of Park-lane: held for 30 years, at an annual ground rent of £13. A Family Residence,ellgibly situate, 8, Norfolk-street, Park-lane; held for 321 yersat a unntgroundrent of £2. Severalsets of Coachs-houscs, Stabling, and Premises, situate in Harrison's-yard, Wood's-mewrs, in the rear of Norfolk-street, held for 29 years at low rents ;the sncOUS Premises distinD3ished as No. 18, North-row, (in then re go h Bricklayers;'Arms.Park-streetJ comnprisine double coach-house, harness room, a very superior six-stalled stable7mnd loose box, with dwelling-rooms and loftt over, y ard and premises-in hand ; also a cal,ital fourstalled Stable, adjoining, connected to the lit-ry yard of Mr. Sheward, in Green-street, to whom it is let mitil Midsummer, 180, at the low annual rentOf £21-the whole held for 19lyea-s at an annual ground rent of £20 Iand a roomy Dwelling-ihouse, No. 40, Bury-stet t James's, igit'h three floors of worksho;ps inu the rear, havng a breck,St enrne hrt held for 161 years at -the low rent of £73 lIla. pe Nnu.learly the whole of the above property has been utennd for mnany years, and therefore requiures someo outlay renderitr ampodmisn Gtinvsmet H parteicuarly aswos L fthe preml ises am eldundr te Mrqus o Wetmiste, woewul dob-ubtles gran an etenionof te sverl laseson dvatagous terams tolemprovin tenans, Prticlarsmay b obtinedofMssrs Noterrisfeand Srons M~cdern Furniture, Pier, ChersL, and. Chimney G.lasses, ahogauy- frame Chairs, Conches, a few Paintings Office Funmi ture, a quant my fMia Boese. iS sa cks of Flour, slightly damaged. TON, andi EARDING will SELL by IL AIYCTI&N, at their Rooms, 216, St. Pwal's churchyard, THI' DAY, April 9, at 1 punctually, mnodem FUR l'TlU including large pier and.cinegae, bedateads and bedding, mabogany wardrobe, loa tabole, dimi,,%and drawwigroom chairs, Brussels carpets, couchee a few'paintings o foe furniture aIageqatity of ujillinery bo,xes. d.c. iS1 sacks offlour, slightly damaged.]Maybeviwed the day 7preceding anid mocrning of sale, and catalogues had at the rooms. Xe a.1nkruotcy.-The Fir-t Portion ofthe Valuabl)eSto,k ofJewelltiry, Watches. kc, of Messre.Oohen and Lubliner,of 37,HRattion-garden. OPL~, SN,and HARDING will SELL by TAUCTI N, at their Booms. 16, St. Paul's churchyard, o3n Tuesfi, ApU15, and following da, t I ~unctaally eaclh day, byv crothA signees the IPIIST ORTION, of thevTalua:ble STOCK of modern JEWVLLEY, of the best manufacture, in every variety of fashion. congsating of biracelets, broocbez, and finger rings, set with stonesa, lockets and, padlocks, albert and. gurd chains, keys, seala. chatrms, studs, gold and siler pencil- cases, aivrcard-cases, snuff and scent boxes, 100 gold and silver watches, carriage and mantel clocks. &a. May b viewed the day preceding and mornings of sale, and. catalogueshnad of IL H. Canaan, Esq., olida assignee,IS, Aldenuanbury; of Messrs. Taylor. CoUlisson. and Woodward, solilcitors,28, Great Jamesstreet, Bedford-row: of Mlessrs. Hodzsop an~d Allen, solicitors Eiymniogam. of Mr. G.Boland, jeweller, Hatton-garden; of MrB olasoa, jsweller, Vyse.street, Birmingham; and of the auctioneers 16, St. Paul'schurch-yard. Gnildford, Surrey.-A valuable Fehl tedne ihonmna Grounds, and TwoVla,ajcn,cmadnmeetnse views of the finest seeyi h ony OPLIS O anHA IN will SELL by T AUCT8N' .at tMart.o. Wenesdy, th 23dof April next, in three lts,aFREOD RhIRY distinguished. as South Hall, a delightful resideace.,arne and finished. in the maost sups. witin ts wn rouds f aout1~ cre lad. utwith go.tat,i lawn flower, and.IS SOITeh. gardes hotDhouste, Acnevtiory Mand stabcing; we Londoned wit serinsdand sotwtrhe twoda f pa villa ad-I m'odeat in teom athemn pestteiselynd-taxo redeeme pusand etra-pacrechnf rthee abh ourt thrf mianutes' walki fro thue town ha Lamlenv fromlwt the Stto,and.rondton is rheaVched.Cithneone hour byh Sturain Maygbe vieweudgtil towhe sale, ande pariculartseh in atuichd.odo esrsW. Lmasipeenolictos,eHig-setreet of Mr uRews,i6,ench-, streetat,h will shwtein propertvly' nLondon, atd the, AouctionMart; ,iLndon offh autiners, PakraaIe,slStM1, St. Paurss-chhurchrd ByaMe;srsG. Tandl, EsON, anUd. Ator)I5G atbe-theeAutio Mavendinh qur;atthe it oiLndon onWdneduy thern oundrdayrofd Api, atthe -art;1 o'coc in the afcternon,epecse, 16 in twoul'is,pursuylantdt a D hee counthe High CeourteHns ofqChancryr,maeia cauduse Kef Lakn v siutead AbigResEctivdEly Nos ISt Pand l's boundary-od, Finble-rod, t. o Ane-wood partieourge whereofma beudhudrats+, in Lndon of eans aKer' PaintifLos, solicit-ors,.,S.Pu'-hrh yared.; .nG ondal Book ,solicPblcaito, ns.We,ekSttroner, Cavendise squae; t th Prnce rthr Taern Boudar-rooavngda; at h lart; andof heaucioner, 1, S. auls-curhyad. an,in thevaiu country, of Gesorge Hindspb, the olig,citor is,Gouhuathenatic,voae tra s, meagt,&,Ents is fordGeor e ignds lofa e G luhus of ryKgaent,hwas P aitfs SoldnIcit osigor.,%fo Viacllaneou Bholoks,a odernry PulscatieSons,fte ae Statoer, ac-ier b Doayes-Tre Salee.- pOUTTICK and SIMIPSON nauetionceers of literary ye on3 k~'± by UCTiO, attheir great Boom, 191, clase o hitoy,biorahy tholgy clsser maheatcs voagses enveopes d.c Catlogus wil b sen on eceit oftwo btam s. n hui oan kMselal r-thrumendas' Sale.yae DUTTICKcmd SIPSON (uctioners of literar-y L prpert) wil SEL b AUCION,at teirreat Rtoom, i91. valuble OLLCTIO of HEOOGICL BOKS,BCTOmprsof "Faher oftheChuch, crticl adepostoy whorks,averions ofth Scrptues,conrovrsal ork, srmos ncudingal cosmplentose of theEamtonLeturs),als te rmaiingstCk ConsitheHnts rf on receipt of two stamps.eeive( Ausicaph and MuSicalf athenlate-Francis Moale,Fs. DPUTTICK and SIMPSON, auctioneers of literary .L property, will SELL by_AUCTION, at their Great Itoon. 191. Beccadilly abou thethe ighlekynApil aubeCLarE COLETION ofAUO vauablMUIC particulrlyd intuetlbay th oust F andi ores., duiecego modtinernsvocal and comprw smusc also,e musica instruoxsnmens of thari lauous kid Mvois, vioncllos, Eiaofores bbl alabsivoumneso, muatesc and. intumenata sformhi occasion can nowe roqeetve,inestn AliettoelragUhand. 155.hoftherlatet-anewtis-r,i aeshrqdi andotherMSK aionandSMbesOntaurcetionee ursofltearya Ct.LpUnderty wil SELLbyoA-T ati thir Gren Boome, 191, tccadil-y in Aostheadbhiglvantoe6luable COLeCnotteiOnofoAUtOEi Glegarit and. richl formed byothe laittto ranciss;Moore,s. durting mos iteesing ad.coprse omote OsTIllustriou namoes,i the iscllaeous15. iclud soe hghl Maluable volumedth alie t th Eglih ad.Frech isorin; fw iuainaod, thefieraldic Cy-sunperio ande HouehtoldT Shripue Prluivgat Framiis roum suthe i 'a-lnutosutesyof curtaliantt ottagecpaot,achandelir, lted,i tgoo late topin ciandbttm toss rnefetsist an 10iomaedhue XIR E. LEWIS will SELL by AUCTION,te bv, New CnntePonisteet, on Friday, onEia,An 11, at 2.2Ma bhe viewed. EorFingSf cmis rom9nti a 2 handocataoge had.i rofm sthe ovfier,d Mr Phlpot, cotgrea Bellall siey afndofwh actaionee, couo.e 4nd colma Clewies-place. Fucard-andoterds Fblha cefnearsth Grayhopd.tea-glarden -SMBupserio mode Householdpts rumiture,ncldes ing a raw, ing roar suitehir inanut suithes, ofucurstainlescottag p-ao,echane ither,r plae good, lnen,chia, gass ndeffcts,of f 10roomeds house. tad oneremses asaboe, n Fida. ArIIt,e atquisithes genin boFdFCtS;cmreisingooa hrsrandsome drawuinga roomsutey coverted.i velvawiottge piao, Suites oft winowmcutais, consoles and chimney-di olades, faho,nad n te able s,aihmhgn Dhfningroowit plbategls, handBe tomzeBrss'elsan other carpts, Brugzs, fend Gass, fie-rns, ETedininA rtiomcarin leathder, oucT(hesif, tabl tes, r mtogether wifeth eoerr ejuaet appiendae, feorvted bedroomHas,tnea gAabdbdted tacRp EtI, plaedgoods linenchna,eglas,kthen h requisies, anote itatemxs. ton view. CataIOgue on the parremies Eo No. Hy Qudeofsthee autioneeor. CrolmaN-teet City. tre) it,o ldy Apity.-Ey oate 12 the vhoeroffthe suerior and'TUF wimnfctumpdaHus holdfureniture,lnu goode. preservation, sain.ludigea costley walnut-tree Dlrtawingmoomg Suitte,dwith Cpmatoeglss Table inbl corresandble o rder, fashionablone. paroofandotherpringtso, plibrdaryile, and.led froo sreruisitendros, Sixcotl wanu hand.somewSpand. Pianogorts, iGlasses, elibety pxide Carpts, BronmrequiChina, inlass,ind. Efeealsts of Ch otio by order of th mrc.nbe Shrf,tgter wit thelEfectsp of,a tals arTesidents,removed,fo larnpetIuseascretd. U D M R. LEWISbee-sto notmeethat ehadsreceivdamis- April1, at 1, thewhole f the u ~rir FURNTU oE,ciomrising seglse,hndome3 coarued.tabls,urich vyelvtpil arpesL dns elgntcm ds ittod. wihaplito glaspseand mabl tops ao nbe) PAriia clEIk bro s UrTOf and othrsprints Aprlated. articles polen fire sxcreens, fend els, irns, ct ; haIndsome Spnis cmpaisigath diningaroom,hliberay appndabedroomd requsies,o incluing seralm setse of chais, ounes,covred n mroco. oblase ofutliescopecdining ~~~~~~~~~~~~tables,credbc sideboard, lagdBuslscret ndrc, -ot Toc. jApnfuarnitur-ole.tan ofe out-dooritiems; Lcn aulso sixostl piano fJRo2 unil1. n F RetoRe had ofL Mb. JAmesCaT,IOliio, uold tiner,4,Coemanstret.2-,Wa ucity. Sh,nTcda iil No1.5ihotreev, CoenagtireSTOCare, Hyde-pArKFU o1a iscelaneusdesripin (aiumeou caisnosead ofatel aouse) picturez weiosEL bypr n AUCTION onbs miuosayc,Api 10c, ato12,ther entire exci..ellet an wl,nl-anfaclturd.FUoNsITldurE; cmpriin theb uvialwed cnhamer1th appndcaalgues, sold.a thsweo daucionge' roomit o lueo,t(crde, Aand hsoatables,qsoas,1r his neocesi rmo Ttabe, 2 haiorstinrlathe,Vclarpets curais, so ervie of chinaMat nd glass anroaentait itsems,io together with' Arn collection o modmblt-oued adihs hotn waterdltso,sMlters,.cadelbra tan serIcES, at, =anda ~~p.J.FURBERwi Nfll SELL byACIO,uo at 2, ithut eseve,theentre TOC hofoldcame F heinTtende pitues reneve, easpeind. mabei slbs,h moais two. gcuter witlk the unfin.shed satock,land hadfe alsoatsGays of hoshl.frniture. Lsolbe vieweo onth 14-thee,an catalgues hand at the auctoneer's ofIce, 18,nt Duestreet, Manchenster-ra,Squarey. To Pitersa-cur-red-ews be eae r ermso 2 years, tt o rn,Wit posstession Ioti of theKigsAn welli FoundPuli-hus antioneer n Vaut-luyesswill SIr yand MIES. anthGerrpay's Corsesl on Wedemae-sday, Apil1thoat 12ro'clocon wThutsa n reerv. nevery Accomodtio fo and 6 t1 extensv buiesfhc th0Eeaoso esituatio hand;T Salsoofodr Ware, FIStir,; Blacan-sre,Bruhn of theiretnieSOKo auttioneers, Westminster-road,yosngLsumfates IichmodAuCTION,-To Garewra,way' lerson WednsdaeAril16 Capt12 thc valuabl he LEASE,mwit possesinfry esanbulibed termo upwards oM 1 yeas aith ithe low reant, ofd 135 peroUnt annud hPrbmisesoarewe placned fortuieso. h ickalre.a h ore fteitn _1IR. PIGGOTT will SELL by AUCTION, at the ILAuction Mart, on Tuesday May 6, at 12, by order of the Mort- 1ees, under power of sale, the BfiSEWR and 13 I.NS, in one lot. ~eGrayhound. Hotel, the RtoebuLck Hotel, Dwelling-house and Cottages at Richmond, and the Chais and. Horses, Coittages and. Shop, at Smaliberry-green. will be sold in seDarate Iots, on the same day. See for full particular in the Daily News, the 18tb, The Times 19th, or the County Chronicle, 25th of March. Descriptive narticelars and conditions of sase are _preparing and. may be obtained at the Auction Mfart, London ; of Messrs Ricimeds and Son, solicitors, 2, Crown-court.01d. Bread-street ; of Willilss Smythe, Leo , solicitor 12. Serle-stret. Lincoln's-inn; of Messrs. J. and.C. Allen. solictors 17.( lar lisl-steet.Soh; o Mesrs.Tooe, Hlloes,and Price. solicitors, 39, TeBefrd-row. SpoeThma Handler Lewis, Work, Farcitfedt,o9, J ohns we, an.icEnSedS huEs-mSaybe hSdythphave eroen theobredweith instructions by the Directors of the British Sperm Candle Company to SELL by AUCTION, in the month of May, in one lot, (unless en acceptable offerbo previous aesby ~rivate contract,)the extensive and admirably adapted. PR ES, t e superior and. costly Plant and Utensiss. (erected. vithin the last three years aLt an expenditur e o nearly Li0,000,) and. the Goodwin of this important imndertaking. It maay be necessary' inla.nationto, state thaLt the Compenywas formed for the mnfcueo toaric and. composite candles ' that an article has been produced. of unrivalled qualiy and& a E vlaeanextensiv cormexion formed.throughout the kingom and the colonies, creating a demand. that the Company were unable to meet from ane inadequate capitol, which alone hjs oDmpelled its dieeolution, and. the necessity for the present sae: thus offering to capitalists angoportunity of entering upon an established. undertaking that mas yield the meet liberal Profits. Thewhole of the plant and.works are inocompletewockIng condition : they have been constructed uponi the most approved Etmnciples, embodying all modlemn scientific improvements,1 regu- te yapractical hmowledge of the object invievw, whclh is evident in the masterly arrangement of the whole of the works. Thne heating processes throughout- the manufacture and the chief paLrt Of the mechaical operations, are performed by steam, The Iect plantisequaltotheworkin ofabeutfi0tonsaefandleisperwse ;but the premises would admit oth considerable extension of the msrnfc tun byasial aditonto he lat, hih wlldoubtless be ecaled for tha ow taton, nd ccuy anare ofupwards ot four acres, are eldby eas fo abut 8 yers,at grund reebof £6 annm,t infomatin an orers o viw my beobtanedon application to Mesr. lli nd Sn,autittrsan etae geei, 6,Paach-nrbikt Quarterly Sale.- The Selection Of Boolu-Ts-o Days' Sale,-On vriewr. Quarterly Sale.-19 PAianoortes. Harps by 3kazd, Pleyel, aud others, Cabinet#. Lea .3[S.S.D BNZ STORR, and SON, have reoetes,6adinstoctaoes, tno eoo,want, and mahnoanys ooes, 21. EibeadTOnC mof.s doubleS slnodntinglen action hParps, by eleven hrt, dre d ten,an colpiing,eer co -riu.cnertinofbai brsehes, cluadrants teleodorusheg pooerhu dayl and nihtvitelerscones, suricall bing wells apair ofd themornacaingosaet, and ecats,lonusa viet, Ro ndof theairdre neers, Druggists,et P oerfntcrardc-Ien. ieSoko Dei rl Fehodah eas:eihout rneseruent.-anet MfESSRS. DEBENIHAAsI, STORR, a.nd SON_baeg to annoued nsrctiont thi eo S dL.at Mr.' (oInfotFRomOLD an(% OLd BEonD-se.o TROERTday Gpriou1nda IeIt, Pithuteseg, a~wn eaten siv STCK f BUSNS, moutin inallTohepardsiof el ege hto Aeuetbusneas, toroth, nailof andlshavng brShes, Lard all bein welnl GanufaTurineds, ad ofther latstl pattperny. Maybeliehed i the dear M SSRS. DEBENHAM, STORIR, andI SON beg LEAEHtoLDno PReoPElityE, getrou bndBeats, Policites. s.,wilesi take reemidteir fied and the pub enrll. that ane rearlyintimation of pro. alOntahsspigsao Wensdy shet a nfar moresfaouable one thn nyfo sometil,mepst for the diponlo aictonn substanctionand estate ageKncy ofes i-street, Covent-garden, April, 18I6. AuictoionMr, forrethe almiof Tabldeande Sideboard PAte,o Chrnd. _WITSSRS. DEBENHAEMCI STO - and SON bell SeELes and thAUbIcN a Generaly.th tCheaeannge-le.o daysrofath presen tmonthy ode onfithe SALsbyAUCeTIof ffr uWlin Tkelneu avaInk. abenROeRT wreioull bespheld at thei Roomst are asy follws: On Wedneday. th 6th OnWednosdy. thed cl2ds~nol Thursda. the 1 thI Thusday. te outh and onpta Tuesday, the22d uesday.the 2theRamn Cataogus (ratil aplicaionat he ucineandrest ate agvencylo Offices. Ising-street, Ceentogerdrs.-Kiui-i5trC50 AnIm vedItntImmediate usion. v eas MJESRS. DEBENHAM, STO ,an SON arel ILSELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's% Cag-le. on Thursday, aLat1,n DIPRyO.Va D boRdErT of the pssignees , ofoMr WliiexTinrede.ra bank t'unls-vi"-'-dispsed f byprivteo areat. sAReuredLIo) Nofe. 1tabingford-fouare hores,ardenso an adcku nci vars situte los to t. ou Chuch andtruere nea toL the Ricmon RalwayTON Sattio.held for aout 14dy yAprs uexpre at 1 ucuUa very o doestbl, EII,`57, ChancerylnCe;n of atheauctionelers,tiong-mstret Covent-garden ~ ~ ~ nepied a amoe DEBENHAM, STO artRuR, r and SO ona. 41yars from oisumr-a next, arsnb utoe n ecrduo thosse en pley bSiness preisesb, o.uI Alaney-pslace,Cmmrtl-oo Easord-sheld (wderetheMerers'CmayThpriesmay be dewed,ed ithperiso offia6 Abo-thetenat, bydecard-squfromte cines,adpr tiuand oabteainedno Jlatesac Jo lst-ed Arc..siciter, 57,h Candey 1rRGEO. DEE KS ibeinstrute anounSeL bya hewi- WS-L.LttheMAr1JTI, ont erdy APrei11.sa 15 pubinctually, anvr duesirable FAprM15a 1 o REIDpeNCLe, ofe attrcntiv moeleamn most eliiby Etat onpiD th drwnorthsideto oxfrord-suare of verestin natei vaUtechofelet200 o perndu hedforasbotltblyear aunexpirned, at afmode., rhate Grosn wrent.Thbe piremisles,, may bedeedPrtctar s em-ctand c=on dirteon ofsaewto e e havinof rnmessrs.c. snersonfn mahobigeny doi-iu ciors, chairscoveen's-ean-herd, ctutheat and eaycatrs sth of dics 26, qaiontreet yepakqae R.F .DEBEKS s istwctelb tSEL by tAge byTONAonCheIONm.e, sabove,Mr on Fida n A1ril 11 ati d- h condtioso, aetb a on thedapremises; at Oxot-treetiv anwelbure th diaeeamybinpce)atheMr;nda th2ofies 26, o Atieceron-etreetaHde-paz-sqare and Tble Lnen, ato nd Plted Atyce. Chrins,ulasr. andth Effects,~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~Vcorarod . F.GG. D)EBENbe's toannouenc thatoured with SELLrbyn AUtIo, onL tbys PremIses 1a, Ab.lbrton-sxireay.o Tueday Aril5, t 2 fr 1prcisly,th exellntmPodrtnz eFUelNI. what-netpieaor tabe, Pianosses,sio. ai b1ocae sicotgpao forte, afw tenat,an h whonlens is, eato aoaydnn roomchais coere in eathr, ouchand easych dair,stiof dimu tabes fetby4 fet,a sx-fct edetalsMeboard, chimesney-Lasses Brusel ad ohe capes, indw urtin. lc. Jeahogand Aatbian andfo d- bedstNead Ironl ditto and cuaptitalieddn, mahgan chsso.daes marble-to waSELLand and dressn tabls. ch2a Mndtoileetsglases,an othe Fdayptendage. alsoaurav the usalrustes for servants'rom, Castehen utensils, Hpand oumtous(% other) effnet.T beo dewedthe day prior and mornings of seale. CRtadgimenthr epremises No. 10. Cleveland-row, Ste.- Jams.o IlkION,on he Pemies. s abve,on Fida next,. apri goes at 12~svtho resrve,the narlynew OUSEoLd FatU rNIThURE- paintingkepes, damaskolm and other cran.crie.sai apta,clnr u'tensils an misclas effcts Mayr e desruced on the dAssipees cedng nd ornng f sle Caaloueson he reises; Andi 3 at II. Debenbam's office, SO, Cheapside.ffidCG~gc Dato. Sl, by order of the MEeuoso h aeovmrtae. 1L trs.f.telteOnr to~IiA BE ll SELLCTI \yat teCutiOn, ,LrL OnThusa the Mat,oFidy MAyri2. at .12, in two lots, SIXunus ali astrctie anwel-buit pivae IlSIDIdOE, Ns, 1, 1,13 14VVE,u 15,Shanonterace Bokeroa; ad 1. Rdnr-eera-tee,Brownod. mosYThoustyarond Loldon, onl 15de mintes Bwalk fromShdiy Church, n d Srvidesby omnius frOmOthe city.v Partcuar one th reIRes atheOD rt;ofNW. HUSLs.1bPnYn-pTace , Vitoi road shoew thems thoecrner ofD Hugest.eeBan,,d3 GCehanm-saree. anID AtY.ADebe9hamdoufoofs O,Cepindey.snasexetd,a baingd12 illam-streeusaLndon-bidmes ofTolidemiu and0ySem-nceCom-i t paumes. Pouarehlusemcne,fh perhans.eaptdalit, andlz outhbers. /F . t.G eBEaMhsbe aordwt May2,au2,thaube wok,EAcE of ethmie hahsyimortaent, extibenive, and commandngdPREIer,-bo,Ksing Willinmatreet, lately occu- pebythke seondonrto and EatlerntBsk ofthethsage bof which hadeeln' rhemDuvedto 27,Canon-stereet) compriesin n of moe hnoedss vitee inth citys ofLodo, bem witweende ciruannon-stireet, and aonon-rige, witko entra nc alirso inompis-aeing theolrear. Ofltheportind oftheruu preise let sterotyprs classtenants, andghthe wholei caable-hour producin, at. a, mo vdweranedstiate, arentforw£910der ann umDai. Tepeiesaehl uSnlaefraterm,- tof wIlch upward of ilyeslarsae oim pMESSataRenta ofA£40 pe annum MayCbedewD, and paricLar obtaiedAonThe N.premises at theMat; f Aesrsl lIGeso, avluable andh Pewoey solicitos,nda Federck's-plface,bld leary andatMr Old and ew Books Books i quantites, ionc cotanRg L .r.A, p.fmr LE rSlesELL,thfee athis whouse, 1dmiabl sitatLa leet-stee, on Fheriday. the Chatham and Saturda,they and the riemaining PORIO fof the inRESHeAMwsttona Lf roA1 m.Usid Isonoth StcelesiandWok aseinghexRicon Heptoisnotton(tweocpies,tioneook ohe printsJ In queantities a69 volumes orWenalot;s3 Rudmenar whseries,uc. Mxf ESSRS. cHAeMRsn ONDAriulr anddEConditin oil s eL by AUCGTIONm atq. theiirtGr, R25m, Gre8. CJanery-lane, on Thursday-, Rapri0. at i2for l. treet expensciveSKLyO. LO Iret chimes hem Suarrey.-The haulfyous vandthle ahomurs andegoesd month; isOf excellentar woritnhip usandtinl gooidetase, with glas Tiliedoue sTavern-eepers Peastiycooksrdand othwers, zbe aEndTOM-lk arnd SNaeisrcedb h sine 1~RFREDERICK JONES is instructed to SELL .Aby AUCTION, at Garrway's, on Wednesday, May 21, at 12, (uInless prvoul dispOsodo`by private contract,J the above desirablo PurOe Ty..2 Ites situat in Onof the most picturesque distrcts of Surry, 1 mles romHyd-pak-corner, twro mifles fromn Cobbham, and Leaherea, withr he psM RailWay Wil shortly be extended. The residlence is an elegant andL cowiy structure of Gothic architecture. situate on an elevated spot and fine gravelly soil, anld while alread POssessng amPle fanraIly accommodation is capable of still further extension. The prmncipal roomsocommand extensive and variedvdews of thae very lovely sarrounding cossntry, and open to the lawn and pleacuro grouds, which are planted with choioe flowring shrubs of mature growth; there is a large and Productive waolleed fruit garden, orchard, vinry,s.c; lsoextnsie tabingaccmmdation. A purchaser fidThis proertyg ato p-ossess unuuaatractinse, and 1uitdtothe meen Glass Lustres andl :Vases, su-erior Hresad Armx. frae adgadE ra gsqntityof Brussels Careu Fitrs and Effects. IMESSRS JO2NES andl BONR1AM will SELL by ACTON., at their great Rooms, U and 120, Loloegler-street, THI EENNG a 6to hemiut, seulHOUSEHOLD FURlv'TEItE,wit mioelanens ffets,in rins,books, drawin_;s, lar-go framd ad glredengavins, rms,muscalinstrum~ents, superior stok o hanes an sadiey, oheianlaslustres and vases china, glas, utlry Paisin cocs, ffie dskandcouter11feet 6 long, At BOOTM' Warebouse, Budge-row, To-mnorrow, April 10tb, at precisely, On acoDunt of whom it May conern. ('~EThuand iveRndre FourSacs secnd
