,STATE OF,TIADE. MANICHESTER, AUG. 30. The inarkctt for ottorn cloth -remains in much the same state, with only a iery-moderate business doing. Shirtings for India and China are rather easier to buy, and may be h d at a decline of about 1',d. per piece, but heavy domestics, long and T cloths, and printes, thongh not in much demand, maintain their value, and a slight hardening in the' prices of Orleans and Mobile cotton at Liyerpool tend§ rather-to strengthen prices in some kinds of cloth as weU as yarn. The demand for 36-inch shirtinga is lees brisk than for some weeks past, but manufacturers are stil partially ander contract. Spinners are mostly under enga'smTent and yans are consequently rather firmer than cloths, eb e ially in the finer counts of single and doubled multe *.hich continue in demad for tluseia, so thats they are rather difflcult to purchase for early delivery. The agr gate business of the week, however, has been rather small -in amount. - -DIIIRMTI4GHALh Aus. 3. there has been more activity ia the iron trade.. This has been chiefly owing to larger orders from the United State5. Previous to the arrival of these commissions the first makers were uacy upon contracts, many of which winl keep their works employed fr several weoks. The arrival of these American orders Dwil materially assist a class of m3ters who during the quarter have been eatremely slack, and also generally impart confidence to the troade. The home dsmad for manufacthred iron also iiproves. Sheets of firstquaityare partisularly in reques,wbich shows increasedactieityin somso other branc)es of Rritish manufacture. There appears, snder three circumstances, little probability of a reduction of prices. Durnigthe recent hot weather the stccks of pigs in tne district greatly accumulated, and lovness of prices induced several manufacturers to speculate, at quetations much below-the declared rates. Of late the production of pigs bas beenrto great for the demand, and it oas eqxpected thfat several of the masters, instead of continning tdi make and sellig at reduced prices, would blowv *ue somp of tneir furnaces rather than accumulate h soxcks; but there does not seem much probability of such a course being adopted. The furnaces are as busy as ever, if notbusier. Cinder pigs in the general market are a shade lower than they were 10 days or a fortnight ago, and best mine maybe quoted at from 4e . to 4w . les. the S affordshire and Worcesterehire ores keep ap their prices, which will be rendered still Smtier by the impetus aven cto the iron trade during the week. Kotwvithatanding t ne large quantities of mine raised in tworth Staffordshire, the in troduction of Uilverstone ore has in ao degree fallen offi. Mr. Bessemei's successful experiments and te tent for produceg without fuel better iron than Sweo, and 21. per Ton cheaper than commor British has, as might be expected excited no comion degree of interest among the ironm:sters of South Staffordshire. -X o one, however, appears tn dispute the results; but all appear ansions to lagve cersenal proof of their correctaess.iv The coal trade is improving, and dealers, now the season is advancing, appear axLions to enter into winter contracs In the neighhouyhoo3d of Birminghame,where there a . einutual and beneficial arransements between railway and canal companies, none of those impediments awich operate so injarionsly against the mineral interests in other parts of the midand countes ebnst, and the two systems of conveyance are bsinducted to the advantage of beth. The brass and copper trade of the town was steady, and those mnost extensively engaged as commission agents for the sale of copper state that thereis no probability of an avterbtion -in prices. The demand from the founders is good, androllers generally, but more especially the largestestablishments of the t4wna andne rhbeurhood, actively emp'oyed. Parties engaged in these branches of local mannfacture represent the london as well as the 'countr trade to be on the incretae; and if such favouraleo symptops are obcervable so early in the autumn, it may reasonably be in ferred that the winter trade, wFhen it sets in, will be more than ordinarily brisk. The manufacture of tin wares, in all its varied branches, is active. Those manufacturers who make more particularly glass enamelled goods are the busiest, ad are at the present time well employed upon the e.xecution of foreign orders. During the present week e.xtensive commissions have been received from lelbourne. Among the leading articles reaouired are iron and copper b)edsteads, orders for which n'ave been sued in great quantities during the last few days. There is also a great Australian demand for guns and pistols, the chief call for these articles being, it is stated, for the di$. gings. The electroplating trade, which has been dull, st now, however, lookmngup Morethan one of the largest edtablishments have heavy orders on hand, and some of nthic are workng overtme. The old silverpiating business is not busy, the middls articles of production beng for the most part greatly superseded byeoec wares. Stil BriMannia metal goods are now subjecd to the electropiate process, and are now sold in immense quantities. The reports from the fact'ors of the towsgenerallyare enceuraging. They speak of the demand for Bi-mingham goods at home as good compared with what it mowas at the latter end of the last year; and cash is decidedny more plentiful, although confessedly not over abundant. The foundries in the neighbouring towns of Dudleyo '.Vest Brovinich, Smethwick, ;Stourhridge, ho., are doing an average amount of w ork. The edged tool nanuEacturers who supplied implements for the Crimean labourers, now the mar is over and the Government contracts for the most part at an end, speak in any way but satisfactorily of their trade and its pronits with the Governnentofficials. There are now some fair orders in hand for edgedtools, but the business is byno means soabrisk as it has been represented. The hollow-v.are business at West Bromv,ich is active; and this, like other businesses which a short time ago fere so buslly oceupied in the supply of the munitions of war, is now qutetly and industriously engaged in providing for the demands of peace. The military gun trade in Birmingham is quiet; but still Gnovernment contracts, many of which may be considered as continuous, are exsecuted wvith vigour, and apparently give satisfaction to the Board of Ordnance. The birding gun business during the season has been brisk, the London demand considerably exceeding that of the lst two or three years. NTOTTINGHAM, AUG. 30. a tany more buyers have visited the market this week than for some time past. They have purchased freely, and a satisfactory amount of business has been done. The electIons\madeoarermainlyefor the home autumn supply, hut there are also large orders for the Ulnited States and for Gormane . Silk quidoings are so limited in supply, as compared withithe demand, that little more than a fourth of wrhat are wanted are at present made. The consequence is that prices of these goods are high. Plain nets also, especilly the lower qualities, are scarce and dea. So great is the demandthat orders cannot be executed without considerable delay. This stateof things seems rather to increase than otherwise. The demand for hosiery also continues brisk, and prices are well maintained. The trade is apparently in a sound and healthy conditien, and phices are again tending uDp wards. Yarns are firm, and the rates of labour seem on the advance. LEICESTER, AUG. 30. The fancy trade is rather brisk, and the demand for general hosiery ad gloves continues tolerably good. The late unsettled weather has, to a certain extent, had a depressing influence upon the market, and the trade now doing is hardly an average one, although in many branches there is a fair business transactiag. The sock hand are asking f or an advance, which some manufacturers have expressed their willingness to give upen the cuts. In the country districts the hosiery tradie is quiet, hut the harvest finds abundance of temporary employment for operatives. The wool-market is without change. Yarns continue firm at late rates. IEEDS, AuG. 30. The weekJs repcort of the woollen trade is satisfactory, and to-day's marlkets have been of a like character. For witneys, beavers, and other winter goods there is an active demand, and the prospects of the trade are favourable. U>pon the whole, manurfacturers are better employed than they were a mnonth ago. Wools of 'a'l descriptions are firm in price, and there as a good supply. The reports from Bcndord and Halifax as to the worsted trade are mush theo same as last week, and the tradei seems to be rather improvin.g. BEL;FAST, A UG. 29. Lxtxie.-Nso alteration has occurred in the home linen markets. Hfeavy quabities continue in good demand, owing to reduced stocks, and some descriptions of light linens are rather higher. White linens meet a fair sale, and holders are looking for better rates. 2LmsE'x YA}L?'.-Weavers being engaged with sut-door work, the dem-and for yarns has rather decreased. Prices continule unaltered, FLALC-The supply of old at the cormtty markets continuesilmited; and until the newappears ma larger quan. titles there is not likely to 3be much activity. Favourable accounts of the quality of the new fibre are received, little damage having arisen from the late severe weather. COrro.y.-Cotton -yamns sell in large quantities; the desnantsfor charting yarns has been maintained, and for medium jacconots there is moderate inquiry. Tape checks are less looked for, and printing goods, except of the finer class, do not mnove so readily. A better demand for aine jarconots, has, how ever, sprung up in the local trade, and, as stocks in the hands of consumers here range low, a pretty active trade is expected, - - DUBLIN,4 AUG. 30. The Customs' receipts for the week to Thulrsday inclusive were 19,5521., against 17,095!. last week. -
CnarE OF AIuRDEE.-GATESHED, Thursday.- Mr. Basxter, a retired inspector of Excise, is in the custody of the county police a, this place, charged with murdering his wife. The facts, so faras they have come to liht, are these :-Mr. Baxter had retired upon a pension of 250I a- year, and with his wife lived in a illage called Greensidej a few iles west of this town. Tey had fallen into veryintem. perate habits, and on Friday evening last had both retired to Bedina state of intoxication. Abouthalf-past2oclock on Saturday morning, their domestic, a girl named Davison, was awoke by the ringing of a bell in her mistress's room. She Proceeded to the bedroomand found her mistress partly Iying off the bed. The girl lfted her into a proper pOsition, and retired. Her master was then either asleep or too d.unk to notice anything. About 4 o'clock the same morning she. was ag aroused by the voice of her master, and npon spriging ont of bed again and running into the room she observed her rmaster sitting up inbed holdin her misshand. He said to the girl "I believe sue is dead." The girl touched the body and fn&inz it cold, ran out for an - hbour. When they returned Mr. Baxter ras still in b with his dead wife, but he ws induced to get up, and the body wa laid out. At an inquest held' on -Afonday Mr. Callender, surgeon, who had examined the body of deceesed,.assigned drunkenness as the cause, of.. death; bht after the. examination- of the servant girl, tEe jury again viewed tbebody,aud discovered that one of thb legs was discoloured, the discolouration extending from theb anle to the thigb. The arms and. chest were ilso discoloured, and the throat from ear to car was intcusely black. Theinquest wvas then adjourned, and during the interval of adjournment, a peost sioflesnL examination was made by lr. Callender and Dr. Barkus, of this town. Some woindsvere found on the scalp, which, however, were not su'dicienb to cause immediate dexth, but large masses of coagulatedblood were also observed between the s^alp and the. bfain. - From those iand other appearances Dr. Bar'us came to the conclusion that the deceased had- died from strangulation. The jury, . after hemring all theevi. dence at the adjourned inquest on Tue3day, retired forsoine timae, and, on coming into court, the foreman stated that they were-unable to agree to a verdict, seven of them were for returning a -verdict of wilful murder, while six of them were for returningPa verdict of manslaughter only against Mr. Baxter, ' In this dilemma, the coroner has adjourned tbe inquest, so that ho mxy be able to lay the *hole of the circumstances before the Home Secretary, Sir G. Grey. The deceased appears to have been a strong woman of uearlymuasculine frame: of body, and very powierful. :-There are various rulmours abroad, butthe above, aretheroQ cts ti:at maybe relied upon. v he oly facts - EsnGP.rION FROSt LIvstobt.-=The1fota1' ber of- persons who bare left Liverpool for all foreign, ports during the past month has been 10A,393 against 8,9S in ibe correIvnding month -of 155>'"Of these 7,911 bh.ve' prouceeeWto~ t'ce1M. United Stt; !,061 to.siitralia 481 to S:. John's, allifax, and Quebec; and.S9 to;Newr Zealand..- T MAILs.-ThedBritih and Worth; _A.Mnerali nail' steamuship Cambrii left Liverpool Tfor .lifax and Hothi oraSaturc'xywih94 passengers, inelueSine Sir-:Eliry {olland, physixcian to the Queen. The .aii r-wifl be despatched as :si extra boat on 'hurNda5 aud not on Tuesday as j?evihu,ly ^iunoscexd,
- IJL ANJg. '(FOG 0M, OUR , ) - CAs.u, TURDLYs R(tDL CULLEN AND XHH CATHOLIGv =V0RsTr. stJ . Treading in -the footsteps of the lVhaion, tbi Tablet has opeued its fire uon te i3olicy- putueof late by Dr. C-0-en', an , an the oorse osf ia laboured but clever. essay, attribut. dthe failref, the Papal delegate's-pet scheme-the estabhshment: of an exclusively Catholic University to the Arcia' bishop's mn3ifest inclination to model the- govarn- meat of his church after the fashion of hislimmediaea: predecessor in the diocews of Dublin.; - What followvvl is in the old Lucas vein of covert vensure , "We fnd uretty widely and generally diffused inirclin-*&tion to withiold from the Catholic Uni7ersity that active wpport wbich ws at first bestowed- *pon-it, and this for reasons which would fully justify such a resolve, if the rea4. Soas themselves were rapported byfacta or faun4dd bn a trdiiis view of the circumetanes. A f-erxiste that thi; Catholioii Univeraity may be perverted from its origiWnal deatiny, aacV;n my become, instead fta standing monumnent ofnaiticl an*l religious independence, a creature of the State and u propi- i ganda of Whiggery.. It is-feard that- bysuppartng the University, the Llatholics of Ireland may be ai h to carr-. Out certain theories ard plans of which, during the last fouff, years, his Grace the Airlbishop of Dublin is unde-3tood tci be tLe representative, and which form a policy, botlipoliticsi and ecclesiastical, of which it is enough to say thit, howrever exellent -the motives of its originators, and howevervwel-intentionehfuesep5bi,ybwhich it has been-suppo teditis throughly condemne bDth bythekjudgment and feelingei;3 of the parties of whom we are treating. It is not necessary here to discuss themerits of tis policy; itis enough to say, what everybody knows, that it as in the highest degree distasteful to a large portion of the bishops, clergy, and *peopl of Ireland. At the same time it is to be rememnb&re, that, though this state of things i-, to be re;retted, it is nothing hew. The unity of faith in the Cathlolc chu-ch ia Ireland. has never tusmed unity of opinion in mnatters ot scular or ecclesiastical policy. A fill recognition-of the private AirtreVand an entire obedienoe totbe episcopal authority ot the lostB Rev. Dr. Murray were perfectly ooapatlable with a vigorous epposition-to, 3nd a sincee condemination of, hisviews and conduct-uipon matters on which nen have a righc to differ in opinion, and on which, diurig his whole life, the clergy and episcopwcy of Ireland Vre divided. There wa, indeed, a time when the Archbishop of Dublin.took the chair at a great meeting, and head-sd the people of Ireland in n gret demonstration ageinst Whigmiisrule; there was a time when the cause of the riesh tenant had no more strenuous champion; there was a time when Frederick' Luc&as hailed the occupation of the see of Dublin by the successor of Dr. Murray as the dawn of a new and bright era in Ireland'shiLstory; and there -as atimea when the Catholic iversityof eland had no wrmer friendand no more active champion than -the Apostolic Delenate. Bnt does any <\nenown'andon the cause of religious equalitv, of the independence of the church, or of the Irish -enant, because, four years ego, Dr. Cullen supportei}it'i7 TilE ZABLDO? OF S1[r%W.sUsY. The disputed clam-in to the I title and estates of the last Eand of Shrewsbury promise a remunerative harvest for the legal profession:iin. -Ireland as well as in :England. The petition of Iajor Talbot, of Castle Talbot, in the county oE Wexford, has -been already lodged inthe department of Sir Bernard Burke, Ulster ring of Arms, and it is believed here that, tmnless fortume prov even more than usually fickle, there is a fair chance of the prize being carried off by the gallant major. In the opinion of those conversant with the mysteries of heraldic lore there is but one material point to be cleared up, and if that should be decided im - favour of the petitioner the cormaittee will have but little difficulty in coming- to a conclusion. Nevertheless, it might be as well for all parties con-, cerned to mak-e dule allowance for the glorious unceitninty of the lavw, even when dispensed by the hvigest tribunal in the empBire. That one point, a'> lightly spoken of, inky keep the rightful inheritor out of possession for many a long year to come. JAMES SADIJ:B. The police authorities have not yet, it seems, given up all hope of capturing the fugitive swindler, and tihp *iea still prevails that he is lurk- in -i the shades of Cooln&Mauck, On Taesday last the chase was renewed in that quarter by a party of 1 constables, bDRt they were again at fault, and im the evening they returned to their quarters as wellinformed of the object of their search as when they started on their morninlg excursion. IRTiSH B A meeting of. the shareholders of the Belfas; Banking Company was held-on Thursday, when the agreeable announcement was made-that the dividend. on the half-year's profit was at tne rate of 12 per cent. per annum, and that -the bonus of 21. par share additional made the distribution to shareholders equal to 20 per cent. per annumi sERloUS ACCIDENT. The morning papers give an account of a very serious accident which occurred on Thursday evenin to Colonel Hamilton, the commanding officer of the 2d battalion of -the£ Grenadier Guar*s, now stationed in Dublin.- he gallant oficer had mounted a ssirited horse in one of the squares of the Royal Barracks, and was ridring out at ther cavalr7 gate when the animal toos fright -and dashing down the steep descent, rushed atfXllispeeI against the outer wall. His rider did everything in bIs power to direct his course towards the stables, the avenue to which lies at right angles to the routewhich the horse was pursuing, but in vain, and the latter ran his head aogainst the wall with such. violence as completely to destroy one eye, and, it is by some asserted, to dash out his ownbrains. Colonel Hamilton's arm, which he - instnctivelyg raised to lessen the force of the stroke, received. severe injuries, and the gallant officer also snfferec. gveatly from the horse -having fallen ulpon hlim. The horse, which wPas very valuable, alter lyin for some hours, exDireda in great -agony. Colonel lton's medical attendants consider the results d 3 serious than might have been expected. - THE CROPS 1N TUE SOUTH. The Cork Eeaeminmer of yesterday reports as follows - "1 The past week has been on the whole extremely favourable to the ripeningof the croos and for harvest operations. Towards the -west t e corn has surpassed the expectations of the farmer, both in theweight of the crop and the early period of its maturity, while i the east of this county, inL the neighbourhood of Fermoyand Youohal, and in a very considerable portion of the countyof 'Materford, we catn state from personal observation that almost the entire (the exceptions being only aver fewpatcheshere and there)has been cut down and stacked In that direction, more particuhlarly cose to the sea coast, the blight lis increased n the potato crop, but the root itselE has not sustained any great injury. Iithewest of this county, and inthe count of Kerry, on the otlier hand, where the diseare first made it appearauce to any extent, the potatoes have recovered wonderfully, and are now a splendid crop. The turnip, .tyo, which a month ago waa considered to have almost campletely failed, has improved vastly within that psriod, and now gives every promise of a fair crop. Farm labourers are recepving excellent wages just now, ranging from 4s. to Zs. 6d. per day for reapers end mowers." TEE FUNTDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 94f ; ditto, for cc count, Sept.12, 95; Xew Three per Cent. Stock, 95 958; ditto, for account, Sept. 12, 951; Bank Stock, 227; Irish South-E;astern Railway Debentures, 5 per cent of 50M, 99. City of Dublin Stearnpacket (501. pid), -31A1 ditto, shaes of 1836 (501. "Vu}' Cornpary of-Ireland (71. paid), 14f; TchlowCoppieria ined (o ),for account, 29. r ailways. -DuFl-in and Wic]iklOw (101. paid), 61; Great Southern Sud. Wesiega (51o paid), .58; Irish aon oEaotesn (12. paid), po; Waterford lndIifeickt50ltpaid),25 25a 25; ditto; for account,-2 o 2 c5r. (BY EIEFCT1BIC TFrEGRAI'a]) SUNDAY EVEING - £1HE COUItT-BitLA1 AT .NENGH The official finding of the courmartiad was proinulgated onl Friday, and is as followcs iFour gmen sentenced by eourt-martial to transporetaon for life commuted to 21 yeadrs an. two mnen sentenced to 21 year' transportation coml- mnuted to 14 years each; twvo, sentenced to 32years' transuortation, commutedl to fouryesrs' penal servitude. ~One of the prisoners tried was found. " not guilty," The sentenlce of death paased. uponi Patrick Burns, N=orth Tipperary Militia, by -Jadge Mocore, at last Nenagh Assizes, for the murder of a. soldier of the 41st Regiment, has been com-muted to transportationl for life. The five men of the North Tipperary MiIlitia wFho werer sentenced at N=enaghl .Assizes to 15 years' transportation each have ha. their sentences commuted to I1) years' penal aervitude. - - - -
LOA-DON, MfONDAY, SEPTElIABER 1, I8M6. Lord SrjiNmy has opened the series of agricultural meetings by a speech at Preston. At the present day no association3 are more beneficial than these, in which the leading proprietors of a district meet with practical farmeers to discuss the occupation -which gives them wealth or a maintenance. All that the agricultural chymist and mechanician has discovered since the last meeting is learnt at sucli periodical gatherings, andL the appliances originated in one district are Eoon naturalized in every part of the country. There is something, therefore, interesting to all the world in these homely subjects and this familiar oratory. In such speeches as have been just delivered at Preston we recognize a cheering sign of the tiimes. The Chairman, like a man of business, first went into the financial state of the society. Then the attendance of tenant-farmers was commented ort as a proof of success. Then follow such mattens as drainage, manure, reaping machines, thrashing machines, agricultural statistics, agricultural edtucation. No word that bears on poIities esctges from the speaker. He and his friends are there f ;r a scientific and a social purpose, to teach each other how best to sow and reap, to rear stock and feedl it, as well as to promote goodwill among neighbours, and to eradicate those jealousies 'which are api; to grow up between classes divided by difference of station while connected by pecuniary relations. As to the advice given by Lord STANLEY to the carmers, we have no doubt it. is of the best; but it is not the detail of his speech but the general tene that is chiefly worthy of attention. We have in iuch a meeting as this a striking proof of national progress within a very few years. Et is no small thing that au agricultural dimner uan pass off -without a political speech. It is. a subject for congratulation that a landed proprietor or his heir can address a meeting of farmer3 'Without demanding three cheers for one thing aud three groans for something else. Rural Lancashire can be lectured on industry and improvement without fierce diatribes on WWhigs and cottonspinners, or exhortations to stand firm against imaginary wrongs. No one is asked to rnail "his colours to the mast," or to "rally "round the altar and the Throne." Agriculture has been withdrawn from the domain of party politics, and is now no more pitted against manufactures than working in metal is opposed to working in cotton. We may take as a con.- trast the oratory of North Lancashire now and some 16 years since. Then a nobleman, alsa bearing the title of Lord STANLEY, was haranguing in this verv district against the Government, its principles, its measures, its manufacturing allies, its Irish alles, its finance, ius colonial policy, andl its foreign policy. All the Whig weaknesses o0 defects-and they were many-were exposed to a constant fire of brillimnt and merciles'; rhetoric, for it was towards the close of the long struggle which ended in the return of Sir RoBEBR PEEL to office. At that time " Conservative " associations" were engaged on every side in pro-. moting the great reaction against the party which had triumphed by the Reform Bill. The the- Lord STA'NLEY was able to exercise all his powers of invective and ridicule on the Ministers, their paltry majorities, their subserviency to the Irish agitator, their unhappy budgets, and their unimpressive oratory. The thing was, no doubt, successful in its way. People to a great extent believed in the Conservative cries; nay, more, they found a practical meaning in the word "cCon" servative" itself. The tend was a great party triumph. Sir ROBERT PEEL was raised to office on the principle of opposition to everything thaS had been done for nine or ten years. But then came the difficulty. What were the Conservatives to do ? They had won the battle and turned out the Whigs; now they had to explain why they had turned them out, and what different policy they intended to substitute. It was very well while in apposition to shout frantically for the young QUExNi and affect to consider her throne in danger, to declaim that the Goveranent was overthrowing national prosperity at home and betraying national honour abroad, but these patriotic sentiments were somewhat vague as a foundation for actual working measures. The consequence was what thriking men had expected, and what -we may predict will always attend the advent of the so-called Conservative party to power. The whole body went to work to carry1 out all that the Whigs had planned and had been lunable to execute on account of the bitter Conservative opposition. The astute leader probably knew beforehand what his followers found out afterwards, that his party could only exist as an Opposition. He had no sooner by his financial skill repaired the real deficiencies of his predecessors than he adopted all those principles respecting whicli they were in the right, and the whole body which had declaimed at Conservative associations during the Whig rule followed him with docility for nearly five years of practically liberal governmenit. How far they might have gone with him in his last and chief exploit, had he condescended to treat them with greater deference, it is difficult to say. It v was perhaps as mauch against the manner as the matter of Corn Law repeal that the country party rebelled. However, resistance was as useless as a courteous acceptance of the new measure might have been politic and graceful. Conservatism fell; its whole course of administration had been a long suicide; its principles are nowr morally dead, -and can never revive in the old and accustonmed for. It Was a great miisfortine for agriculture that it. was connected with all the bitterness of these prty struggles. The fnnmer- was encouraged in the fercest aim--ties and the most unfair. expectations. He was to be protected from the foreigner, to whom Radicals and millowners were intent on delivering him. It cannot be wondered that wlien landlords and farmers came together to grumble and threaten and defty, to cheer political platitudes and groan at fancied enemies, the real business of agriculture received little attention. There was hardly any talk on such homely s3ubjects as those which are now the staple of agricultural speeches. It is for these reasons that we mrvst feel gratified at the prngress of the last few years. The Lord STrAmn of to-day, addressing farmaers as tbinking men whom occupation is tho production of food by all the means which science can suggest, is in a far higher position than the Lord STA2-Isy of 1841, who declaimed to farmers as a race of ignorant partisans, ready to ahout or hoot as he bade them, and to overthrow a Government for the sake of a name which meant nothing, and a financial system which political economists had long before condemned. From the day when agriculture was delivered from its connexion with party, and placed on the same ground as the numerous other branches of industry in the country, may be dated its study as a high, andc perhaps the highest, department of practical science.
Our correspondent Lord BLANDFORD puta sensible question on Saturday when he asked, "Which is "the most fitting alterative, -whether that the "dignitaries of the Church should be the stewards, "receivers, and pavers to the Ecciesiastical Com- "mission, or that the Commission should act ini "that capacity for them ?" Before the existence of a Commission specially appointed for tie very purpose of attending to this portion of the Church's temporalities the Bishops and Chapters wvere the natural managers of it. There 'was no other manager who offered his services, and therefore the time and attention which these ecclesiastical persons were obliged to bestow upon mere matters of business connected with landed property excited no remark. But it is a different thing when a Commission exists which undertakes the management of this business. It then becomes a serioas question whether the new manager is not the fitter one. Certainly, looking after farms, barns, and drainage, renewing leases, and collecting fines, corn rents, and ground rents, is not the proper and peculiar business of ecclesiastics. Ought the very highest ecclesiastics, then, who undertake the Church's most spiritual charges-the Bishops, who as the supreme pastors are charged with the spiritual guidance of the flock, and the Deans and Canons, who are charged with the controversial defence of it against the enemies of the faith-to wish to have this secular business imposed on them ? A Commission consisting of men of business, if its honesty can be relied upon, is the more natural transactor of these concerns. It is true, as our correspondent observes, that " the love of the possession of large " estates, though heavily charged, is not an un- common thing, for it carries with it a sense of "importance and of territorial dignity." But this is hardly the sDirit which ecclesiastics ought to foster, or the -ind of importance on which they ought to rely. They ought not to covet the position of squires and Lamdedc proprietors. It is this spirit vhich has made our Chapters so unpopular everywhere. it is always remarked that the Church is sure to be unpopular in a cathedral town. The reason is, that these cathedral dignitaries have simply looked I upon their ecclesiastical position as so much secular ! rank, and entirely forgotten the real objects for i which such institutions were originally founded. The way in which these dignitaries have gone on has been just that of a local oligarchy of the most secular kind, looking down upon the society of the place, and cultivating " county connexions." They are only distinguished from the neighbouring squires in being much prouder, which they are obliged in self defence to be, as they have to support an artificial and factitious rank-, and not a natural one. The " close" thus presents the people with the worst specimen of clerical life and character. So far, then, as the possession and control of landed property are simply, wanted for the sake of the secular importance they give, so far they minister to and have ministered to a great blot in our higher class of ecclesiastics. If a lay Cormnission then exists, consisting of proper men, such as the Church can trust, and giving proper pledges and securities, there appears to be no reason why its services should not be employed for conducting the mere business connected with this part of the temporalities of the Church. The existence of such a Commissior. is a constant memento that there is a body more suitable and competent than a body of ecclesiastics for the management of such business. Why not allow Mr. WATioLp to officiate in a department fcr which he is so admirably fitted, and represent in the 19th century the function of the primitive Diaconate ? This position, then, of landed proprietors ought not to be so mench insisted on for the higher ecclesiastics as it is by the Church party in this country, as if it were the great security for due ecclesiastical rank, and the great means of securing respec' for the Church and its ministers. It never was pretended, even in days when the endowments of the Churchwere most thought of, that the possession of land, -with the secular caresandduties appertainingto it, was at aU desirable in itself for ecclesiastics. The proprietorship of land was only looked upon as a means to an end, as a mode of providing for the maintenance of ecclesiastics. These mutst have food, clothing, and the necessaries of life, and the possession of land was a security for a sufficient quantity of them. But the founders and benefactors to whom the Church is indebted for her present landed estates bequeathed them as means of subsistence to the clergy, not as a basis of secular rank. If the management of land, then, has never been considered other than an incidental task in the hands of ecclesiastics, if in the order of events another manager offers himself, and undertakes to take care of the estates of the Church as her bailiff and agent on a large scale, what principle even of ecclesiastical policy is violated by such a change ? It is simply one of those minor transferences and shiftings which naturally come about in the temporal department of the Church. The property of the Church is managed by a Central Board acting in her behalf and as her trustee, instead of by scattered bodies of ecclesiastics. Considering the tendency of the age to system and method and enlarged plans of operation, nothing can be more natural than that the property of the Church slhould come under the influence of this principle, and change from a scattered to a central management. Suc] a view of things is surely much more reasonable than a view which would fix the management and control of Church estates by ecelesiastics as an essential and perpetual characteristic of an endowed Church. The proprietorship of land has, indecd, for many ages attached to ecclesiastical bodies, but, never having been more than an incidenzral part of their position, it gives way in the order of events to another arrangement, in- the ihape of a central trustee proprietorrhip and board of management. It will be said, of course, by many that- this is only a step to alienation, and that the State brings the 'property of the Church- to 3 central heap in the flrst instance, and- puits it into a conTenient place for grasping, before it proceeds to by violent hansds on it. - But a little reflection must show hbow- weak sach an infereno3 is. If it was at all the wisi of the Englisn Parliament to alienate the property of the Church,- what is there to prevent it - from doing i- so at this moment? Is it not just as -easylto leg slate upon property in the hands of" scattered ecclesiastical bodies as upon prorqerty in the Banas if a central board? These landed estates are exactly as accessible under their-scattered as they would be under their central management. Parliament would only have to issue a commission, and every catihedral and collegiate.body in the ,e.ounry would have to open its books and unlock- its doors. The safety of Church property in this country does niotl depend upon anYy particular arrangement with respect to its control and managements; it depends simply and solely on the general conviction .of the usefulness and expediency of an endowed and established Church. Shoula this conviction of the public once. give way Church property goes in whatever handus its management is; but while it remains. it sustains Church property all the same for any changes its system of management may undergo.
But for the expedient of a < suspense account" the Eastern Counties Railway would literally not have been in a position to declare any dividend at all. for the last half-year. As it is, and by the creation of a debt, the proprietarybody receivebut 2s. per share for the period named. It is not for us to enter at any lexigth into the details of the charges wvhich have produced this abnormal result. With the exception of a sum of 8,0007., or thereabouts, paid as compensation to passengers for injuries sustained, and of another stum of 5,0001. payable under arrangement to M1r. GoocH, the locomotive superintendent, this unfortunate company is paying now for the errors of previous mismanagement. The simple fact is, that according to any system of dealing with mercantile accounts' with 'lwich we have ever been acquainted the Eastern Counties Company was not in 'a position to divide one fartbing per share for the last official half-year. It is only by a fiction that this miserable dividend has been dragged, rather than saved, out of the fire. There has inevitably occurred a 'very large expenditure for the repair of the line, and as many of our' readers as have not forgotten tlie terrible report of| the Board of Trade may judge for themselves how necessary this expenditure has been. Everything had fallen into disrepair-the rails were insecure, the bridgesw shaky or worse, the only mnethod of I running the trains along the line so as to secure an approximation to safety was the adoption of a reduced speed; and not only was the line itself insecure and the stations in a dilapidated condition, but the persomid had been so reduced to meet immediate and overwhelming financial distress that there were not sufflicient servants to perform the necessary duties annd to care for the safety of the passengers. This point, too, had to be guarded. Nlot only had it become inciunbent upon the directors to increase the number of their servants, but they were compelled to engage extra hands, just on the same principle that a picket of soldiers is strengthened at a dangerous post. The pathology of railway property may very fairly be studied on this diseased body, wvhich is known as the Eastern Counties. There was no line in the kingdom which had been more grossly mismanaged. There 'was none whch in bygone days had fallen more comipletely into the hands of dishonest and unprincipled men. On turning to the accounts of the Great . Western, Rail'way we find that the directors of this gigantic concern also declare a most paltry dividend. In their case, however, we find a lavish e%penditure-whether rightly or wrongly incurred is another mi-tter; but there it is. We have express trains crashing along the iron line at a speed of which there is no other example in the world. We have magnificent stations-we have carriages which are resting houses rather than vehicles-we have railway management carried to the highest pitch of perfection as far as the passengers are concerned. There is, in short, something to shiow for the money. The results should have been different. For all purposes of passenger traffic the Eastern counties yield certainly equal, and probably superior, returns as compared with the districts tapped by the Great Western. The goods traffic and the carriage of coal should turn even a dubious scale in favour of the Eastern concern. For all this it is labouring under difliculties which amount to temporary ruin. It is impossible to read the abstract of the report propounded by the Chai'man, 31r. WADD5SGTON, to the meetina the other day without becoming painfully aware that two or three years must elapse, under the most favourable cir'Cumistances, before awholesome dividendis declared upon any but the preferential shares. We had hoped 1hat the rein of the HDso'N- epoch. had been con*ummated, and that none of the present proprietors had been the victims of that arch-impostor. Had the shares been held only by those persons 'who had bought in after the crash there would be the less cause for sympathy or pity, for there may be as healthy a speculation in ruins as in any other commodity. It appears, however, that this is not so, and that many shares are actually heldl by persons who took them as a regular investment, without thought of shift or jobbery, and wvho have held on throughout the declining fortunes of the line. The proprietors appear fully inclined to bring their directors to reason. A resolution was carried on Friday last, at the London Tavern, to the effect that the present disastrous condition of the companv's affairs proved, without more ado, the incapacity of the directors, and that therefore four of the number should be compelled to retire. This is rough, but perhaps seasonable logic. It is muclh to be questioned if twelve gentlemen, being miracles of capacity and integrity, could duing the last twelve months have managed the concerns of the 'Wastern Counties line to a profit without trenching on the capital account. They have the sins of their predecessors to answer for as well as their own ; but for aUl this t here is no doubt that the Eastern Countiem proprietors have exercised a very wise discretion in appealing to results. At least it is clear that the: directors - now to be appointed are free from the taint of RuDso-i's transgressions and f-om all the jobberies which have followed since his fall. The retirement of MIr. W.ADDINGTON from the. -chair wMill also inaugurate a new system of management, and probably with good iesults, althou;gh we cdo not assume to decide the points in dispute between this gentleman and his constituency. The commercial position of this great concern, however,, is of less importance to the public- generally than the actual condition of our railway system. This is the fruit of the late Sir ROBERT PEm:a's determination " not to interfere." Everybody has been allowed to have his full swing, and the ressult. is the all but banktruptcy of two of the most i'mportant lines of the kdngdom. From time to timeduring the last ten years we have called,' but, in vain, for supervision and auidit. The shareholders turned a deaf ear to our remonstrauces, and wodlld only s-apport their directors; the result is dividelidsI of 2s. and of 24 per cent. It is witha great regrest that we announce -the, death of MIr. Gilbert A'BeAcett' longfavourably kvown to the public as an author and as a contributor to several literaryworks, aiuilmore reenutly Sw one of the best of our police maagistrates. MlIr. A'Beckett died at Boulogno' of eongestion of the brain.
:: ER CA. - ; :l (BY XLEOr3IC AND IlTifA=0oNsAL TSLZGAEGH.) LTVERFPOOI, Axr. 31-- The Royal n,ail 3teaxiner Asia lias arrived, with advices from 1NewYork to the 20th of Augast, and $520,905 specie on freight. The Baltic, hence, anda the Etns, from, Eavre, arvead at New York on *the-l17th, and the Ediabu rgh, from Glasgow, 'n the 18thn Congre6- adjotirned on the 18th inst. at noon, without passing the Army Appropriation B1ilL The President inmediately isued a proclamation foia an extra session.on the 21st "Whereas, while hostilities- e3st with .various Indian tribes on the remote frontiers of the United,States and Iywhile in other respects th publlio peace is seriousl threatened, Congress has adjourned without granting the necesary supplies for the army,-depriving the Executive of the power to perform its duty in relation tD the common defence and security; and, as an extraordinafy occasion lia thus arisen for assembling the two, Houses of - Congress,-I do therefore,- by this proclamation, convene the said Houses to meet at the Capitol, inlthe city of Washingtona, Thu-daak the 21st of August inst.; hereby requiring the respectiva senators and repre! sentatives then and there to assemble 'o consult and determine on such measures as the state of tae linico may seem torequire. In testimony whereof I have causedthe seal of the United States to be affixed, and signed the same with my hand.. ".Done at t:e rcity of Washington on the 15th day of August, in the year of our Lord1856, and of the independenceef the United States the 51st. - - -"FRAXEJNKIEIpICE. "'NV. L. MARCY, Searstary of State." The House broke up in a row. The liemocrats asked for an extension of the session, vhich was refused, by which action the Army and many other bills were lost. It is :stated- that many billsfailed to receive the President's signature from want of time. Southern members are--very indignant with President Pierce for calling the extra session, as a number of them had previoasly met and ad*ressed him a letter requesting himnot to do so. It is said the Army Bill will be Sassed at once, and all attempts at general legislation resisted. Letters had been received in Washington stating that Mr. Soul6 had left New Orleans for Central America. Mlany reports were in circulation as to the object of his visit. The members were leaving Washiington, and it was doubtful whether there would be a quorum for the extra session. The Senate concurred with the House in giving the notice to the Collins steamship line to terminate the contract. The storm at New Orleans tuns out to be more disastrous than originally reported. NTew Orleans was completely inundated; the damage to the sugar, cotton, aud corn crops was great. There was great excitenient in Mobile in cons-e quence of the sale of abolition books there. A Vigilance Committee was formed, and the offending parties ordered to leave the city in five days. Letters from Havannah represent the yellow fever as very bad there. The decree creating General Concha Marquis of the Havannah and viscount of Cuba had been made public. The news of insurrection in Spain had caused much excitement; and so anxious was General Concha for the earliest news, that he had. despatched his swiftest steamship to wait at Charlestown the arrival of the steamer from Europe. From Kansa there is the following telegraphic news in the New York journals:- *I Last Monday niglht 200 Freesoilers attacked the town of Franilin, Kansas, in which were only 20 pro-slavery men. The fight lasted four hours, and fonr pro-slavery men and six Freesoilers were killed. The assailers robbed the postoffice, and then set it on fire, -nd finally retreated, carrying off the cannon of the town. Later reports say that 17 Freesoilers wrere liled and wounded. 100 United States' troops occupied the town the next day. 300 of Lane's men have entered Topeka." The yellow fever was on the decline at Qaarantine, and the apprehension that it would come to Newv YoPJ; had died out. The news from Port-au-Prince is to the 1st of August. There was nothing stirring of importance. The Emperor Soulouque and the Dominicans were renewing their amicable relations, and efforts were being made to cultivate a durable friendship. The seaport towns were healthy, but business was dull, owing to the limited arrival of produce froni the interior towns. Froiu Antignta advices had been received, dated St. John's, July 20. The Wreekly Register of July 15 has the following items:- "The bark Elisa, from London, arrived on Saturday with 163 immigrants from the Cape de Verd Islands, where she called to take them on board. This is the second arrival of this hardy claEs of immigrants -which this vessel has brought during the present year. It was reported a few weeks since that the people of the Cape de Verd Islands would not migrate, an abundant supply of provisions in their own country having allayed the desire for removal to another and more prosperous part of the world. The success of the Elizs would lead to the supposition that there mnst have been some mistake on the subject. The country has been blessed lwith a heavy fall of rain. On Thursday night and Friday we had some very heavy showers, and the island is already showing t4e beneacial results they have produced. A private letter from Demerara states that a kind of caterpillar has appeared in the colony in vast numbers, znd is rapidly destroying all kinds of vegetation; even the gras is devoured by them, and the foliage of trees and plants soon disappears when they attack it, leaving nothing but the bare stems and branches. They have also commenced on the canes, and had consequently created great uneasiness on account of their devastations. The conflagration at Belize (Honduras), before reported, occurred on the 17th of July. $500,000 worth of property was destroyed." Mloney is in less demand than last week. Exchange rules 9; to 9W. Stocks generally lower. Cotton quiet, without change in price. Wheat, red, 150: white, 160. Flour, no chanoe.
COURT CIRCULAR. HOLKYROOD, AuG. 23. Her Majesty the Qaeen, his Royal Highness the Pineo, their Royal HlighnesEes the Princess Royal, 1rines Alice, Prince AlIfred, Princess Helena, and.Princess Louisa arrived. at Holyrood Palace Pt a quarter before 7 o'clocl, attended by the Marchioness of Ely and the Hon. :ary Seymour Major-General the Hon. C. Grey, Colonel the Hon. C. B Phipps, Sir James Clark and Lieutenant Cowell. The Earl of Clarendon, KG., was the Secretary of State in attendance npon Her Majesty. At Hntingdon Her Majesty rece'.ved anaddress from the Ma-yor and Corporation, and the M1ayor 'ws r$esete to Her Majesty by the Earl of Cisrendon. The Royal party rested half-an-hour 3t York, at the Station Hotel, xvhereImscheon was served. - Auo. 29. Her Majesty the Queen drove out this 3morning in a carriage and four thronuh the principal streets of the town and round the Qdeeefs drive. His Royal Hlighness the Prince Consort accompaieda Her Majesty on horseback. In the czrriage with Her Majesty were their IRoyal Highnesses the Princess Royal and the Princess Alice and the Marchioness of Ely, Lady of the Bedcham'ber. In the second carr ge were their Royal Highuesses the Princesses Helena and Louisa and the Hon. Mary Seymour, M aid of Honour. In the third carriage were his Royal Highnems Princo Alfred, the Earl of Clarendon, and Lieutenant CowelL Major-General the Hon. C. Grey and - Colonel the Hlon. C. Phipps attended on horsebac. In the afternoon Her majesty and the Prince asgn drove out, visiting Craig MUILlr, Hawthornedean, and Roslyn Castle, at whic placc Her Majesby and hisloyal Hihehu were accomnpanied through the priv byMr.J.and Mr. R. Drummon-d. Hier Majesty was3 accompanied by their Royal Highnea8es the Princess Royal and Prince3s AlioeP thew,fzrcbons sof ElyI, the Hon. Mary Seymour. and the Erl of C1arndon. iMajor.General the 3Ion. 0. Gre7 atteEnded on boraehgck. The Prince ASlfred aid the Prmcelsaes Helena and Louia visited different points of interest in the town. Tlhe Do3e of Beceleuch an Sir Benjamn Hl ia the hbnour of dining with Her Miajet yesteday.: 3ir t.Stry ouchere has left town- foi CaSt owr . - PACKES FOR: EGYPT',-In' consquence. of ar alterntio i-n the arrangements for despatbiing fr6n Marseilles the French snai' packets on thes Eyptia line, the miils for 'Alexandria intided to be forwarded by thos paokets wiUll'in faturr be .nide up in Luowt on #Ag morning and erening of everyaternote TIIa, cl,t,a from Taeoday, the 19th inst.
T.UXf, PA uIFLO. B3y the Royal mail steamship la Plata, w. ith the West india, Mexican, and. Pacific nails, we receive, til Panama, ou usuwal newspaper files and despatches from the Pacific ports, w-ith dates from Valparaiso, July 16 ; Coquimbo and Huasco, 17th; Calaera, 1Sth; Cobija, 20th; IquiqMe and Arica, 21st; Isay, 2,'d; Callao, 27th; Eay!j, 30th; and Gunayaqudi, 31st. The Pacific Scre-r Navigation Compa.ny's steamer New Granadfa amrved at Panamna on the 6th inst., ith 44 passengers, nine of whom were for England, $159,000 in specie, and intelligence from Valparaiso to the 16th, and Peru tbthe-26th of July. The Chilian news is entirely of a local character, and aIth;iigh in the South American republics the elections had caused great agitation, yet in Chili ever-thing was <ranquil. All stage3 of opinion had agreed in the re-election of Don Mianue Montt as President of the Republic for another period of five ye=as. The Minister of Foreign Affairs had been questioned by Congress concerning the measure t3Len by the Administration respecting the claims on account of the butchery of Chilian citizens in California; also, as to the rumour circulating in the counbtr of an intended expedition w.hich was being organized agant Poru. The zeply was, that the Governmnent had asked the Chilian Consul in California for oFicial information on wlhch to rest its claims, and, with regard to the Peruvian expedition, Government had sent instructions to the Intendent;s of Valparaiso, Conception, and Atacama to prevent any hostile attempt a.gainst that republic. Tnhe treaty of friendship, commerce, and navigation concluded with the United States was submitted to the approbation of the Senate, and met with a complete approvaL On the 28th ult. another treaty vas concluded by the Hon. D. Manuel Antonio Tocornal, Plenipotentiary ad hoc for Chili, and the Hon. D. Pedro Alessandri, reprasenting His Majesty the King of Sardinia. The Council of State had already apnroved it. It having been discovered that the Peruvianl dollas and half-dollars of 1855 are of low alloy, the Chilian Government had issued a decree prohibiting their reception in the fiscal offices. From Peru there is no news. The country, was ranquil, and had the appeasance of improvement. IR ieuador matters wrere quiet. The elections passel off peaceably. General Robler was elected President by a large majority.
NIGCA R A GUA. The Panama Star and ferald, in its steamer edition, which we have received bythe West India mal, puiblishes the following " private and reliable" advices from Nicaragua:- "Walker's position is a most precarious one. He has only 1,200 followers-all told-while Rivas, who still contends that he is president, is fortifying himself at Canendau, and hasslready 3,00 well armed troops. He has the sympathy of the entire country, except the few Americssswho still adhereto Walker, and his countrymen are daily rushing to his standard. HondurasandGaatemalaareoroasizing forces to invade NTicaragu, and drive Walker from the country; and it is understood that as soon as the dry season resumes-nowr near at hand-they will make a descent on Nicaragua. Rlivas will, of cousea, receive their sympathy and co-operation, aS Walker is nowt regarded by the people of Nicaragua as an usurper. "Ait first thiey were disposed to loakllupon him as their deliverer, hut his many blunders and acts of cruelty have induced them to change their minds with regard to his charaCter, a^ims, and purposes. "The circular which aiccompanies our steamer edition, wvritten anud si,,ned by Americans w;ho are or were nasone-s m Costa Rica, sets forth somae of the c.auses of Nvaxker's unpopuLarity, and is, w.e presume, about the only trulthful account of his doings in Nicaragua that has gone onx to the United States, as no accounts have reached there lately exicept tho-se that have appeared in Walker's own organ. The seople of the United States have been deceived :mnd misled with regard to Walker's true character and the ends he has in viewr, and the sooner their minds are disabulsed, the better for the cause of trth and humnanity, as it may have the effect of restrainig young men from going to that sickldy and nnhespitab'e dlime. " The can-es that impelled Walker to go to Nicaraguaa no longer enxist. The people of the countryno longer want him, and as5 he went there upon their i nvitation, as he allp,es, he should nowz leave, sines by his acts of cruelty, he has driven them from his suppsort;. They prefer one of their own countrymen to preside over them;* and henace they cling to. Rivas. Walker's arrogating to himself the right to depose Riv2s, the people of Nicaragua do not recognise. They regard lives as the rightful President of the ounmtry. Hle is so recog,nized by the United States Government, and' we are curiouls to know how that Government wvill act in view of the prasent state of things inNlicaragua. Itaseems to ns it must continue to recognize the Elvas Government so lonlg as it is in powzer, and has not been reveked by a clear expressitu of the. people. We do not regard the election of Walker, by thovotes of his few deluded followers, as a fair crpre.-son of the san,timeats of the people of NRicaragua, and wre presame the United States' Gfovernment will also view it as an usik'ir expression of their wfishes. " We do not believe that peace will ha restored to lEca caragna un;il W alker is driven or writhdraws fromn the country_ >&nd as he is now ans interloper-a usurper, it is the duty of the UJnited Stat~es to interpose, as thiey did when he invaded- lexico, and for ever put a st-on to his schemes oi self-aggrandizement. They owe ft to themselves to de so. Nothing has done more to injure the American ^.haracter, not only on this continent, bust throughout Eulron,e, than the conduct of Walker in Nicaraga. lx' be wvere really struggling for liberty, and to bettor tht condition of the people of that country, and had so acted as to secure their respect and co-operation, he would have our *r,irmest symlpathy end most zealous support. "But such wve now firmly believe is not his purpoee. HEis object is evidently conquest and self-aggrandazement. The toast he gave at a dinner in Granada, nOt long since, -and which he supported i n a speech, with regard to the rishes of Cobunbus which now repose in Havannau, indicates pretty clearly, we think-, that he has designs on Cuba3 Besides, one of his generals and confidential advisers, recently sent as agent or mninister to England from Nicaragua, is a dia3^fected Cuban and has for yearn bceen plotting the -con quest of that of island by Filibustrs. "T he commercial and business resources of NXicaragua, we are assured, are inthe worst possible condition. Business of every description is entirely suspended, and there is little or no money in the counltry. the greatest distress prevails, and the future as well as the present of NVicaragu presentsaesad ictWr. 9 sincerely trust suecour will aeon De afforded toBtlat -ohpyconr. Lappy country."
TEIE BnoGLwN TR-A?SAThATIc MATh STnERss. -Sournsrvos, Aug. 30.-The steamship Belgique, Captain Tack, belonging to the Belgian Transatlatic Steam Navgation Company, sailed to-day for Antwer?. This steamaer, it will ho recollected,PUt hack to Bout amnton from an attempted voyage to New York in January lastE and has ever since been under repairs at this Port. She is now pronounced to be in a sound and seawvortohy condition. A n examination into the state of the vessel proved her to be more extensively faulty than was even at first reported, the defect being in the primary construction of the ship. The repairs that have been effected here by Messrs. Summers an I Day have been of the most extensive and costly nature. The caulkin" of the iron plates and the riveting had to he renewed ia.most throughout the entire ship. Two new pistons and cylinder-covers, with new bilge pumps and pipes and a pumping enne, have been fitted to the machinery. A new three-blade. screw propeller and stern pipe, with new screw shaft and couplings, have been added. The belters have been astengthened by additional stays. The iron lower masts of the ship have been lifted out and strengthened. The hull his been strengthened bystringer plates, andmanyimurovement made both in the ship and machinery under the superintendence of Mir. Jobling, the surveyor of Iloyds at this port. At a trial trip in Stokes Bay, on Thursday last, the Belgique attained a speed of 10.192 knots4 tha engines workine ith dreat smoothness and efficiency. We understand, after her arrival in Antwerp, the Belgique will be placed upon the Antwerp and New York route, to bo followed by theeo or fourother ships of a similar class-Ti, of 2,250 tons burden, and 300-horse power. The whole of theso steamers, immediately after the disasters which happened to the Belgique, were withdrawn from the proposed line, and were placed under a conuse of repaiz similar to that adopted in the case of this Eteamer. It is proper to add that this large fleet of iron steamships were not of English 'build, but were constructed in Belgium and Holland; and to ths fact, and the presumed inexperience of the fore' builders in constructing largo iron oceastumhijp5 misfortunes of the company h.ve beenattrihntedhyRtgivsh professional engineers. Should the ships underther conditicns of efficiency prove successfulintheirpssages there is no doubt that a good traffic inpasengersandfrei wlil be secured at Antwerp, where the want of a direct cor mnnication between that part of the Continent and the United States of Americ has long been fet DFAT-H oF IXuTNA2iN-T ETUGH FxIMnGo M1TART KNIGHT OF Wns-NSO-This old and esilant officer died at his residence, the Upper Foundation, 5#indsor Castle, on Saturday last Lieutenant Fleming had seen zauch service, having served in the campaigns of Flanders in 1793, 1794, and 1795, in Holland in 1799, in Gerany in1805, at Copenh,gen in 1S07 in the-einrsula from 1809 to 1814 He was prezent in the actions of S. Amand,Fam=s, liTles, Dtukirl, Lan0o, Vau, Cateau, Bohaix, Mo. e7aux, Torr a, Fort t. Andr6, Helder, Zuyp, Walmenhnyzen.k -Brgen (wounded), Oporto, Bosaco, Espinhal, Fos d'Arouce, FoIntr d'Oaor, Salamanca, Yattoria, Pyrenees, eEchlar (wounded), Nlivdllo, ansl- Orthe3s* an&theoicgss of oVa2eaicienues (wcude4)h Copinhagan, Ciudad Bodrigo, and Eargon. Ho was5 taiesn prisonerK a laena on the i9 of Auguat, 1509, but escated ten days afterwrards, and rejoinled tha army. Hedhas received the war medal with eight clasps.
BRADFOBD MUSIAL FRET1YAL. (~:(FOM OUIr 0W1v R Twh.7tTRI BRADFORD, Avo. SO. The selection from the bratorio of Imn4znuctst tin; last morning prformance coripsc3ed some of the mostattrnctive pieces from Mr. H. Leallifas very clever worlk, 'which nelems to mlintain its position an public favour. Among them werethe choruses "The hour iscomii" W and "Who is this that speaketh blasphem7l" the widow's song, "3: am bereaved," with the funeral march and chorus, Ho shal rest in peace," whero-the pathetic singing of Maiame Viardot Garci3 was beyond all praise; the bass solo, " The Lo:dhath chasten'd me," given by Mr. Weiss is his most ca-eful manner, and the chorus, "A great piophet has risen up amongst us," with the contralto solo, " IC will extolthee," in which Mnadtne Viardot Garcia once moeis dis. tingtished herself. Miis Mimuer and Mr. Montem Smith had also short solos. Tho chorases by no means wont so well as we had been led to. expect from the Bradford company of singers. The solemn and impressiv,e 'Iteiper and deeper still," with the air, "Waft her, anigels, through the skies," from Handel's Jephtiha, sus.g by Mr. Sims Reeves, was one of the finest performamcesg of the vhole festival. The audience loudly dermanded i a. repetition, notwithstanding its length, but Mr. .i]rvs very wisely declined to acoede. The grand chorus fro:n the I same work, " NVhen His loud voice in thunder spoke;" was also a treat to the lovers of sacred choral music. Jbphkha is interesting, not merely on its own account, but as being thelast of Handel's oratorids. It was begun and comIleted in 1761, when the great composer was in his 67th yeaz; and just before a gudla sereza is said to have deprived him of sight; and yet, though mLore than a century old, and prodc,ed in the decline of lire, it is only in a few of the conventional recitatives and airs that the mark of time is strongly perceptible. All the rese sounds as fre!b and vigorous as if it had been written yesterday, and, while as an inspiration of genius, .kphtha is not to be compared with The Messiah or Israel in ESgypt, it mnst always be assigned a higjh place among the numerous oratorios of Handel. The remainder of this very lengthy morning programmo conrstaed ofchorusesselectedfromvariousworks of Haydn, lozitt, and HsiTnel; the M.S. " Credo" of Mendeissohn,* presmnted to the BradfordFestival Commiitee by those whose dityit was rather to present it, and other compositions frouL the same source, to the world than to any particular instittution or society-a duty they have strangely and perversely neglected; the bass song, "0 God have mercy," from St. I'aul, impressively delivered by Herr Formes; the hacknied aria of Guglielmi, " Gratias agimus tibi," so effectively sung by Miss Milner, and skilfully accompanied on the clarinet obtlgato by Mr. Iazarns, as to obtain an uproarious encore from the galleries; the "Bonedictus" from Mozarts Requiem, by Mesdames Weiss and Viardot, Messrs. Weiss and Sims Reeves (a capital performance); " Lnther's Hymn," as it is termed, by Madame Novello and the chorus; aud "Lord, remember David," by Mr. Si3ms Reeves. The concert was a vast deal too long, but the sudience, seemingly, would have listened to half as nimch again, if they could have got it. We must not dismiss the morning performances withont a word of acknowledgmenit to Mr. Brownsmith (ofthoSaeredHErmonic SocietyinLond on). for the able and zealous manner in which he has sustained, at every one of them, the by no means grateful position of organist-by no means grateful, because the services of the organist, however laborious, are too often passed over mmoticed amid a crowd of important matters that appeal more directly to the attention. The noble instrument wtich Messrs. Hill, of London, have erected in St. George's-hall found a worthy exponent in Mr. Brownsmith. At the miscellaneous concert yesterday svening, wlich brought the festival to a close, there was an audience of upwards of 4,000 persons. A more brilliant and animated spectacle has rarely been witnessed. The ladies were dressed in their gayest attiro, and in Yorkshire they are by no moans ill adepts in the art of adorning their persons. For this once the whole of the enormous area was occupied, and not only the guinea reserved stals in the lower gallery, but the U-s. places, the position of which has given such offenoe to Bradford pride, were literally crammed to suffocation. The pst concert at a country festival is generally the raost atractive, but on the present occasion this was signally the case. The receipts were so considerable that great hopes are entertained of there being very little deficit, when accounts are balanced, to frighten the members of the ganranteefundfrom theirpropriety. The faces of someof thesa vorthygentlemen,whichon TaesdayandWednesdayconjared up the apparition of so many knights of the rueful counte. nance,now wore only smiles; despondency hadvanished, and every one seemed elated with the unexpected prospect of success-or at least of comparative nosa-failure. How much (putting the continuation of fine weather out of the qaestion) a certain very young gentlewoman, of diminutive appeaance, who shall be called Marietta Piecolomini, had to do with this new aspect of affairs, we shall leave to the imagination of our readers. The programme of the taird and lest concert was as follows :- Pasr L Grand Symphony, in A or .. M .. ..Mendelssolu. Serenade-" Deh veni alla finestra.. .. Moza Duetto-" CD abbracra, Airio .. . Raisin.Z Part Song-" The lark now leaves bis wat'ry nest".. Mr. Baytholoraee. Romanza-" Come dbeUo" .DonizettL Ballad-" Bonnie Jea" . . G. lialey. Brindisi e Core-" Libiao n' lieti caliel".. Verdi. Quasrtet-"Whn the west with evening glow" .Mendelsohn. Recitative and Air-` 0 ruddier than the cherry"n ..H.. .. .. .. .. B andeL Coro e Soll-"`eCariti". R. sini. PART IV Overture-" Gni'aumne Te" . Rossin. Duetto-" Ebben, per m memeoria" .. Rossini. Recitative and Air-" Rage thou angry sterns.B nedict. Madrigal-" New is the mlonth of Maying" Moley, 159L Aria-" Deb vicui, non tardaer" .. .. Mor3ar. Recitative and Aria-" Tu h' accendi" .. ossin Air and Chores-"1 Come if you dare" .. Purceu. Duo-" Pariiocare .. .. .. Verdi. Bolero-" La Chanteuse voiCe" .. .. MsS. Aria-- Sor3ete, e in ei lel giorno" .. ..R oasini. Rondo Finale-' Non piun mesta" .. ... ossini. "God save the Queen.' Conductor-lr. Costa. The performance of Mendelssohn's bright and beautiful symphony was, to those who care about music in its most refined manifestations, alone worth the price of a reserved ticket and a visit to St. Geo:rge's hall. It could not under any circumstances have gone better. When it is rememabered that this fine symphony, which not many years ago was allowed to lie buried is the library of the Philharmonic Society, is at the present tdme one of the most popular and admired works of its universally popular composer-not only in select eircles and exclusively " clasical" societies, but at those agreeable and prosperous entertainments to which M. JuJlien annually invites the crowd during the firatmoniths of wvinter -the progress o a taste for really good musioamongthel?ng. lish public generally becomes no longer an idea, but a faed and pleasant conviction. The triad of symphonies, by Mwoart, Beethoven, and Mendelssobn, will be recolleeted among the mostgratifyingincidentsof the second Bradford Festival. It was a pity that Iaydn should have been omitted from the glorious company of whom he was virtuaUy the originator, for Haydn ias the father of the orchestral symphony; but there were only three concerts, and two symphonies would have been one too many at any single performance of such length and magnitude as the evening enterainments at the Bradford Festival. The serenade of Don Giovanni is not quite so well suited to Signor Beneventano as the air from .1 Trovatore, which was encored at the first concert. The continued indisposition of Madamae Alboni was a great disappointment to the audience, and especially to Inch among theni as had not enjoyed the advantage of hear. ing that incomparable singer before. The mere fact, however, of her persisting in coming forward, sconer than disappoint the public and disturb the order of the programme, was so strong a poin' in her favour that both in the duet from Tancraic, in which mr. Sims Beeves did, his very utmost to support her, and in the finale to La Cenereniota, from which she was compelled to omit tho .la?or, a movement that would have exacted more breath and custaning power than she had at command, Madame Alboni not only won the indulgence but the warmest sympathy and appiause of her audience. Tho part song of Mr_s Bartholomew Mounsey to Sir William Davenant's quaint and pretty verses, beginning- Theinark nowleaveshis watry nea, "And clbig,shak&es his dewy wtep-" a composition of considerable grace, was carefiuly sung by the chorus, and redemanded. Morley's much-usedandsome. what conmon-place nadrigal was not so fortunate in the mamner of its execution, although, odd enough, this too was encored. Neither the music nor the singing merited the honour. Parodying Goldsmith's advice to the critic on painting, we might say, with respect to this madrigal--the I performance woul- have been better if the performers had I taken more pains. But, to spleak truth, four days hard singing had fairly wonm the Yorkshire chorus out. The reon of Zucrezia Borgia wwas eharingly'varbled by I Mad3me Clarsa Novella; and Mr. Sims Reeves was honoulred by an encore in the ballad of "Bonnie Jean," a emposition bettet suited to the London Wednesday Con-, We have niot often taste in the choIe of his songs; but in the prerent instwance there is no. ternative. ; Madewmoisell& Picolom'in was welcomed with Thunders f APPIuswe. The en saqcale ddst ws no doubt atll 0] Fed.ormea fmt,%QE~Atiei at «e Uridford FEWdIl f M85. atmUn 'the nemtory of thb majority. Her first diaplay,' the drinkdng song from La !iraaiata, in which she was supported by Herr Eeishardt, Signors Benevantano and BeL;ett, was comipletely sucoessfuL - The spirit ad aimation with which Mademoiselle Ficcolomn3i de. livered 'the coup.let belonging to Violetta-"Tra voi, saprb dividere.-to employ a conventional idiom, completelj' " caried the audience anay," and, in spite of the mnstedinees of the chorus (by no means so well it home, by the way, in Verdias in Handel and Mendelssohn), the song wasunanimously encored. The duet from La Travialic did not mako the same impression as that from Don Pas.c 4t the previous concert, wherein the judgment of the Bradford public was to be much respected- but the recitative ' and air which hozart has put into the mouth of Susanna, in the -lat act of Le Noz:e di Figaro, more especialiy gratified -the admirers -of MEademoiselle Piccolomini, sm ce it gave reason to believe she ws tuming her attention to a school of music -which mnst take precedence of all others as the road to excellence in the vocal art. One of the greatest treats of the evening was the melodious (and harmonious) quartet of Mendelssohn-" When the west with- evening glows"which was sung to perfection by Mesdames Novelo and Viardot, Messrs. Sims Reeves and Weiss. This, however, won scarcOly a hand of applause. The "Libiamo" of Signor Verdi-before not after which ingenious piece the quiet inspiration of Mendelsshon should have been placed-anni. hilated it by anticipation. The deep-toned voice and "caoacious mouth" of Herr Formes found great favour with the galieris, and in spite of some dissent, he was encored in the love-song of the giant Polyplhemus "0 , ruddier than the cherry," one of the most characteristie of the many fie things .in which the score of Acs and Galatea abounds. Roscini's "C aritl" did not produce a great effect, although the music is- beautiful per 5s, and the solo parts were extremely well suag by Mesdames Novdllo, Weiss, and Viardet. The overture to Guillaunme TeZl superbly executed,-as might have been expected from so splendid an orchestra,was eneored in a tumnlt of applause; but, while the audi. ence wanted the whole, the last novement was only repeatedL The duet for Ninetta and Pippo in La Gar Ladra was, of course, well sung by Mesdames Clara Novello and Viardot Garcia; and the last named lady created a legitimate sensation by her declamation in the .ecitative and first part of the famous aria d'intratc of the hero in Rossini's !Cancredi. With the last movement, the familiar " Di tanti palpiti," we were less entirely satisfied. Considered as a whole,. however, this was a fine example of dramatic vocalization. M.uWeirs waencored in the spirited song from Mr. Benedict's opera oEof hte Gip's Warning, and deserved the compliment. The bolero of 3iL Mfa&s was not well chosen by the clever Miss Sherrington, who appears to entertain a prejudice for French theatrical composers of the milk-and-water sort. Few can sing the barytone air from Maaonzuo Secondo with greater fluency than Signor Belletti, who fully sustained his reputation as a practised master of the Rossinean school of singing. The National Anthem, with which the concert terminated, was sung very much as usual in such large and mixed assemblies-viz., indifferently ilL. On the whole, it is to be feared that the second Bradford Fiestival if, from an artistic pcoint of viewv considerably in advance of the first, has, nevertheless, in a ce.aiary sense been far less successfuL. We have heard it uggested recently that the guarantee fund will be drawon upon for about 1,500!. As, however, there area large number of members (some hundreds, if we have been rightly informed), this will net be a very heavy tax, the mportance of the occasion considered. The colm mittee of St. Goeorge's-hall must not be discouraged by this partial check. The festival muist be continued, not simply because it confers honourable d'istinction upon Bradford and the eneghbourhood, but because it is calculated to eatercise a very beneficial influence upon both. The tradesmen, high and low, should support it; and they wail support it if the committee meet them half way, and place the charge for adissons within their means. The grave mistake of 1856 must not be repeated in 1S89, or the sradord musicmecting will go to pieces, and Bradford resign the position, attained, as it were, in a day, of the second musicalitown in tehe provinces-Bngham, of course, being the first. Meanwhile, w.e have sid so much of this festival that we may take leave of it githout recapitulation. It has been, above all remarkable for the excollence and completeness oi the musical arrangements, under the superintend1ence of mir. Costa. The fac, moreover, tha three newc works by English composers have been brought forward-one of which, hr iacfarren'scextareofMau-davt we are disposed to thinkf may last-wil distinguish rt from ordinary meetings. In conclusion we have oniy to tender our acknowledgmente for the undeiating politeness and attention of MIr. Samuel Smith, chairman of the corcmittee, hir. Ollivier, secretary, and, indeed, of the members of thecoommittee generally. We must also commend the e'Fciency of the police arrangements (a very importanlt matter on such occasions), which were extremely creditable to the corPOratiOn of Bradford, and the ready accommodation afforded by the Mlidland Counties and Grea7t Northern Railway Companies, who provided special trains at the most convenient hours, which allowed a large number of persons to attend the musical performances who would otherwise have been compelled to stay awav.
THE CBYSTAL PALACE. On Saturday there was again a full display of the whole system of waterworks at tho Crystal Palace, and, the weather being singularly fine, wbile the price of admission Vwas reduced on the occasion to half-a-crown, nearly 13,000 people assembled to witnes3 the spectacle, which has never beFore been exhibited under circumstances so peculiarly cal. culated to give it complete effect. Occupying as the Palace and grounds do a position greatly elevated above the surrounding country, and exposed therefore to every breeze L-om whatever point of the compass it may blow, it will only be on occasions few and far between, espocially in winter, that its splendid series of fountains will not have to contend with -more or less of wind, which tends to mar the full beauty of the display by shattering the tall columns of water into spray ere they reach their greatest attainable height. But Saturday was one of those days on which tho Exhibition is seenunder every possible advantage, and it was satisfactory to think that it was not lost on a comparatively small number of spectators, as might have been apprehended at a time when London is said to be " out of town." The day was lovely, almost beyond description; there was only a gentle breeze, while it so happened that the display was seen as well in sunshine as in shade, and it would be difficult to say on which phase the interest of it most preponderated. For a brief interval a blaze of sunlight added the brilliant hues and the perfect formation of the rainbowto the intrinsic grandeur of the spectacle, and again a passing cloud, which hovered for the remainder of tho time immediately overhead, and throw the whole land. scape into shade, enabled the company to witness the picture n all its cool, sunless beanty, as the tall shafts of water in the lower basins shot unbroken into the air, higher and higher, and the innumerable jets which surround them played in all their marvellous beauty and diversity with tho dark, rich foliage of the trees and the sloping hill sides for a bask ground. As 5 o'clock, the hour fixed for the display, approached, the company left the Palace in thousands and settled on every available part of the plateau whence ths most advantageous view of the spectacle is had, combined vith the dplicious splash of the cascades. There, too, the bands of the Royal Artillery and tho Coldstream, Guards were Stationed, and played alternately during tho oxhibition. The wholo weene, witliali its adjuncts, was remarkably picturesque, and the company, who themselves lent to it half its animation, looked onwith unqualified admiration. The triumph of Sir Joseph Paxton, by whom and undter whose directions this magnificent system of waterworks was designed and carriedto completion, in spite of alMost insuperable obsta. cles, was complete, for there has never yet been an occasion on which it could be so thoroughly appreciated. If fountains could be conscious of so ignoble an emotion as jealousy, and if they could perish under its corroding in. fluence, as human beings are said to have dono before now, it were to be wished that the miserablo little wash. hand basins in Trafalgar-square, with thoir shabby yard and a-half of pipe water, could by some marvelof locomotion be transferred, though but for a moment, to the gardens at Sydenham, for they never could survive the sight of such fountains as are there displayed. They would die of sheer shame, and we should be saved the pain of continualy gazing on things that appear to have been constructed only to make water ridiculous. There is one feature in the interior arrAngements of the Palace of which complaint hax already onceo at leas bee: made in tbis journal, speaking in the interests of the public, and which has notwithstanding become a eerious inconvenience. It is a matter for which Mr. Commissry Staples is prinmarily to blame, and the authorities at the Palace are not altogether iresponsible in permitting so patent an evilto in. terfere-th the comfort of the public, on whose favour and patronage, as they know, the success of their whole enter. prie essentahlly &pends. R-eference is now made to the glaring want of attendance experienced on fite days at the stalls in the refreshment department at which coffee, tea, chocolate, ices, and the like are sold. Of this there were loud and angy complaints made at one tinae on Saturday evenin". an withamplreason, whenthe compmnyreturned to the building after tho display of tho founins. It was a positive favour or a pieco of good luck to obtain a cup of tea or coffee, and many, especially ladiie, tired of waiting -and appealing to waiterson whom entreaty and remonstrance were utterly lost, gave up the effort as hopeless and went away.Some ofthe waiters inthemergency ystdiouslyavoided putting forth any additional exertion to make np for the pAucity of their numbera; with one or two honourable ex. ceutions, there was among them an evident disposition to shirk their work. A few obvios suxggeetons might be made with the view, of remedying an inconvenience which tbreatens to asume a chionme formi, but'we decline the tak o-at hing fr. Staples ow to mange is ow businw.s VA8AL PALLL-TWO SHirU(G Sn N DAY, Saturday, August 30.- An a -on pSYment, S,517; QiW4j,, 1Vs on tickets, 4,479; tota vsimtofs, A2M9
1 - A DB ,YrM OF OMAR XAPa - . i -' THE't EDITOB i Ta-E T1iS8. Sir,-As a premature judgcment is being formed in this country on the conduct of. Omar Pasha with regard to the non-relief of Ears, I trust thal; having served with his Highness for nearly two ynars, yon rwill allow.-me to make a fevr remarks on the subject. While the blue-book on Asiatic i'Turkey was the sole 'reliable grounsd for the formation of the national verdict he had no cause of complaint,,_ as the despatches of Colonel Simmons clearly s(,ated the case. More recently, however,'the private opinions of General Sir W.- W`Uliams,- with 'those 'of each of his staflf have been published in a- work by-iieutenant-Colonel Lake, and have temporarily carried considerable infllence with them., Those opinions were Perhps 'natural, but ihey were formed in a blockaded town and on false information, as a comparson of the dates of the operations of Omar Fiashaas credited at KEars wit'hiss actual movements shows. On tha 7th of September, '1855, according, to Colonel Lake's' book, it is 'believed in Kars that OJnar Pasha is at Trebisond with a relieving army of 20,000 men-on the 23d that he has shifted his ground to Batouna with 40,000-and on the 28th that he is already on his roadto Teflis. On the 14th' of Octoberhe is supposed to have takenKutais, and to be between the latter plaee and AUhiska, and on the 15th he is severely blamed for ha'zing lost 40 invaluable days in trying' to penetrate KErs by that route, which is stated to be impracticabl)e. On the 19th of the same mo-uth he is believed to .be within three days} march of Teflis, and on ,he 24th that besides -this movement he has detacled an army direct-to ars byArdaian. TheabDveoperationsabeing purely imaginary, it is no wonder t"'at on the 19th of November he is summarily convicted of not having done his duty, althourh the gallant officer who thus expresses his sentitnents had not heardl from him for five weeks.' Omar Pasha was one ot thoso who believed that the holding of Kars by the only army left to protect Asia-Minor was a grave, strategical error, but as soon as its cries for help reached Sebastopol in July, 1855, he ned on the allied commanders the necessity of his atonce proceeding to make a diversion in that quarter with 25,000 of his men. The blue-book showrs his utter failure in making a solitary member of ihe Council of War sympathize in his views. His consequent and immediate departure for Constantinople gave offence to his brother commanders, and wmas the cause of the English Commander-in-Chief sending in the English man-of-war placed for the voyage at his disposal a healthy' =non officer for the ostensible purpose of r ecoveringfrom illness, but in reality to thvwart his. Highness's plans in working with his own Government by the powerful intervention of the English and French Amnbassadors. Lord Clarendonalone deemed those plans reasoniable at the time, but the French Emperor put his veto upon them. On his return to Sebastopol Omar Pasha again failed to induce the allied generals to spare a single Turkish regiment from the Crimea, and he consequently, early in-September, determined to proceed n person to Batoum, where, according to returns, there was a strong garrison, with which, aided by troops brought in Turkish vessels from Bulgaria, he hoped to make a useful diversion. On reaching that port, however, he found that the autumnal fever had reduced the garrison to a fraction of its original strength, and that those who were stiU alive were unfit for much work. The Russian spies reported his arrival to Mouravieff, who, never thinking that his only army from the Crimea consisted of a few personal attendants, ordered an assault, and thus gave the Turkish soldiers, headed by the modest and chivalrous Emety, an opportunity of proving that they were made of the same admirable material as their brethren of Silistria and Eupatoria. This attack cost the Russians 7,000 men in killed, wviich, as usuaUy calculated, gives about 14,000 wounded. I do not know if Omar Pasha shared in the prevalent belief that the Ears army had relieved itself by putting the greater part of Mouravvieff's hlrs de On the very dayof this glorious repulse, the 29th of September, the allied commanders at Sebastopol agreed to permit the departure of t&e Turkishl Rifles. Transport was provided for this and the regimnents which followed very' slow;ly and at uncertain intervals. Batoum was still unhealthy, and Omar Pashadidnot wish-that the seeds of disease should be sown among his best troops while waiting an unlimited time for their comrades. Besides this an operAtion straight towards Ears which might have been feasible, though hazardous, in summer and autumn, became impracticable as'winter drew nigh, and it would have been madness to trust to the passes being clear of snow in November, when the neighbourhood of Ears itself is described as being covered to the depth 6f a foot so early as the 9th of September. Souchum Kideh was therefore chosen as a rendezvous. It was equidistant from Ears with Trebisond, and near to Teftis, to which a direct road led in rear of the Russian blockading army. It was the beginning of November before Omar Pasha received sufficient men to garrison Souchum B:aleh andChimeherra, and to push on withtsn army of 23,000 men through Akbassia across the Ingour into iingrelia, thus turning the formidable lines of intrenchment constructed by the Russians on the only road leadim" inland through the broad -morass from Redoubt-Ealeh. The destruction by the enemy of all the bridges across the numerous rivers end streams, the pacification of the occupied provinces, and the dificulty' of provisioning his force with only 1,500 baggage animals caused delay in his progress, end December had arrived bef~ore he reached the banks of the Seneskaleh, a fer hours' march from Eutais. I was utterJy impossible to cross this river, then navigable and in fullfood. Ears had already surrendered, and, as his army was exposed to severe privations, Omar Pasha made a leisurely retirement towards the coast. The whole of the operations were too late, but that was not Omar's fault. 'Had a flotilla of gunboats pushed up the Rhion and provided the means of crossing, a considerable ftrther advance might have been made. It is not my place to defend SelimPasha, but, as he is not likely tO be able to say a word for himself, I may be permitted to add that I have heard, officers of standing and knowledge of the subject state that if he had marched fromn Erzeroum with his inferior force against Mouavieffs splendid army he woulld have deserved, to be tried by court-martial and shot. With the utmost respect for the English officers who so well did their 'duty at Ears, I have the honour to be, Sir, Yonr most obedient sRArvant I I I I I I : ROBERT CADELIL, lioutenawit Edras Ar.illerv. a & . r - -ine 'wV J fl'ra1y. St. lary 's Loch, Au. 23.
BESSEMERS IMPBOVEMENT IN THE MA.ANV FACTURE OF MALLEABLE IBON. TO THE EDE]TOR OF THEyTIMES. Sir,-As my name has been more than onco aluded to in your columns in connexion with the abovo interestinginvention, with no desire on my part to detract in the least dogree Lfom the high merit of. Mr. Bessemer, perhaps you will permit me to state the fact that I was the first to originate and carry into successful practice the system on which Mr. Bessemer's process is founded, namely the pas. ing of a blest of gaseous substance up through the molten crude iron -for the purposo of-thereby converting: it into the malleable state, and at the same time dispensing with t.he greater r art of tho manual labour hitherto employed in the ordinary process termed " puddling." In my process a blast of dry steam is the agent employed, which in its upward passage through the mass of molten crude iron not only effects the requi6ite agitation, b t also, beooming resolved into its constituent elements, the liberated oxygen of the decomposed steam carries off the carbon of the crude iron, while the hydrogen in like meamer removes any sulphur or other such impurities that the crude iron contains, and a quantity of malleable iron results of z very superior ldnd, and that in a 3much shorter time produced than by the ordinay laborious prooes. Mr. Be1aemer has with great candour publicly admitted before the members of the mechanical section of the British Association, at the late meeting at Cheltenham, thst it was my process of passing a blast of steam up tbrcugh the molten crude iron that led him to his admirable process. As before said, without any de,ire onL my part to detract from hhsligh merit in this matter,I think it only due to myself, and to the establishing ' correct history of what promisestobe a new era'ini asnest imporWnt branc:i oour manufactures, that the facts above stated should hbo as wl known to the publE as they are to those more immediately I hntersteL' -. TAM&S NAS3.YTH. Bridgewater Foindry, Patierof M near tar, Aug. 29.
MITARY AND- v-ftA.L ITDLrTGEzyCE. - Admallty' iX 'yacht Osborne, oummansder 'G .X. a*( er, .), arrived at Portsmouth on iridaynight fromPlymouth ith theBoard of AdmirAlty, as reported in Te .Tinas of Saturday. The: members are Sir Charles W.ood, Sir M. F. F. Berkeley, Rear-Admiral Sir Henry Eden, Captaiz Sir.Baldwin W. Walker, Colonel Greene, Director of Engineering and Architactnral Works, and M1r. Bedford, piv,afe secretry. Vic-Adnmir.1 Sir George Seymour, . Comander-in-Chief at Portsmouth, went o£f at- 9 o'clock on Friday night- and visitcd their Lordsbips on board theiryacht, their flaghaving bsen previously saluted by the Victory. The Admiralty slept in the - Osborne.: On; Satur'ay Captain- Charles Eden, the Controller-General of. the Coast Guard,. -joined the Admiralty. At 930 Sir George Seymour again went off in the Fire Queen, Commander Paul (blster, l.N.), and remained with ' their Lordships unul Vi M0, whmn he brought them on shorcinthe Victory's barge; they landed at the Xing's.stairs of the dockyard, where Admiral-SuperintendentMartin and the staff of the establishment, and several c-ptiins of the fleet, were in waiting toreceive them. The Admiralty flSg 'was immediately hoisted at the dockyard-gates, and the Board conmenced their annual inspection. The first business of importance their Lordships transacted Wss to appoint Caplaii the Hon. Henry Xeppel, C.B., of Eer MIjesty's ship Colossus, to be Commodore of the second class ind second in command of the fleet on the East -Indix and China stationJ, ice the Hon. C. G. J.B. Elliot. CommodoreF;eppe dwMvhoigsthisbroadpendantinthe fine first-class sailing 50-gun frigate Raleigh at Portsmouth. She 71l bhefullymAnnedL At the Admiral-Snperinten dent's ofiic the Boad 'were engaged same time in inspecting plans for some much needed alberations and improvements in the dockyard, -b1t wefear the re-paving of it was not one of the items of improvement. Its pavement is exceedingly bad, and the poor maimed invaLds swhom we have seen struggling over its abrupt and irregular stones fron the ships which have brought them from the Crimea have bestowed many ;s " blessing0" upDon it and those 'who toleratA or maintain it in such a state. Having disposed of the business at the Admiral-Superintendent's office, their Lordships proceeded to make an inspection of the building slips, dosks, and service offices, and ultimately went on board the new class screw despatch gunboat Flying Fish, Commander Roderick Dew, with which an important experiment in shipbuilding is being tried. This vessel, from her peculiar build, and length, and high power of engines (350-horse), was expected to attain a very great speed (something like 14 or 16 knots), she did not, however, realize more than 11; some alterations were then made to her rudderpost and keel, bat they only increased her speed half a knot or so; she is now having her bow lengthened ISA feet. ThisviU not be an actual increase to the length or capacity of the vessel, as her original bow remains intact, the new one commencing at the present bovws of the vessel and tapering to the length we have given. This is expected to give the advantage in speed desired. After this inspection Sir Charles Wood and Rear-Admiral Eden, with Sir George Seymour, visited some other establishments outside the dockyard, while Sir MauriceBerkeley, Sir Baldwin Walker, and Colonel Greene went afloat and across to Gosaort to inspect the hauling-np dlipwav in course of constraction, on Mr. Robert White's plan, for the berthing of the gunboat flotilla. At 4 o'clock the other members of the board and the Port Admiral returned to the doclkyard. In the evening the Board dined with the Cormmander-in-Chief and a number of the captains of the fleet at the Admiralty-house. They slept on board their yacht. Yesterday the First Lord and Admiral Eden 'went on board the Victory and attended divine service. The crew manned yards to receive them. In the afternoon they went over to Ryde and dined with Sir Augustus Clifford. To-day they wiU resume their inspection of the docLyard and the navy and marine establishments, dine with RearAdmiral Superintendent Martin and docLyard staff, and aftervards attend the ball at the Seamen and Marines Orphan Schools andFemale OrphanRomein aid of the funds of that excellent and highly deserving institution. To-morrow the First Lord will hold a levee at the Royal Naval College, and give the usual dinner in the evening to the heads of departments. The fine old troopship Apollo is being broken up in Portsmouth dockyard; shie 'was built in Bursledon in 1805 on the lines of the Lively, a fifth-rate, now a receiving hulk at Devenport. INfjor-GeneralBreton, the Lieutenant-Governor of Portsmouth, is about to proceed on a six weeks' leave to the continent to recruit his health, which has euffered much from the incessant labour which has devolved 'upon him during the embarcation and debarcation of troops and invalids consequent upon the late vwar. The transport Gertrude has discharged her live shell and ammunition at the fioating magazine at Woolwich, and hauled alongside Woolwich pier on Saturday to land a number of guns from Balan;ava, one of which, a Russian gun, weighed 95 cwt. The Gertrude is ordered to be paid offand discharged the service. An Admiralty telegraphic despatch arrived at Sheerness on Saturday ordering the White Squadron of gunboats now nt this port in commission to be paid off aU standing immediately, and 'to be placed in the first-class advanced squadron of the steam reserve, under the command of Captain Halstead, in command of the Edinburgh. The Royal George, 102 guns, screw steamship, was taLen into No. 3 drydock, Sheerness, on Saturday, forthe purpose of examining the screw propeller, her feed pipes, &c., after which she is to be placed in steam squadron of reserve at this port. The Plover gunboat, Lieutenant Commander S. Stewart, left Sheerness on Friday evening for the East Indies and China, under orders to caUll at Portsmounh and Plymoith. The officials at the Naval Hospital at Great Yarmouth, which was reserved during the war for the reception of wounded soldiers from the Baltic fleet, havereceivedinstructions to prepare the institution for 400 Marines. The following circular, granting an increased allowance to troops while marching, on the recommendation of his Royal Highness the Commander-in-Chief, has been issued to all officers commanding regiments, by order of the Secretary of State for War;- " With reference to my circular letter of the 29th of July. communicating the sanction of the Secretary of State for War to the issue of the full marching allowance for the soldier, 'provided the distance travelled inone dayand nlght shall exceed one hundred (100) miles, or the journey be carried anto a late hour of the night, and that the troo shaU not be biLleted at any piace on the journey whereby the allowance of lOd. for the hot meal will become due to the imikeeper,' I have the honour to acquaint you that, upon the recommendation of his Royal Highness the General Commanding-in-Chief, his Lordship has been pleased to approve of a further extension of the fufllmarching allowance being granted nndcr the following-conditions-viz:-If the journey exceed 250 miles in one day and night a second marching allowance may be issued, and a third issue of the said allov;ance if the journey exceed 400 miles. The allowance willtherefore ha- 5- d. For 100 miles and upwards ... ... i 1 For 250 miles and upwards ... ... 2 2 For 400 miles and upwards ... ... 3 3 when the troops are'not hilletted. "His Lordship has aLo been pleased to sanCtion the second allowance being issued to all troops conveyed between Liverpool and Aldershott or between Liverpool and Woolwich, although the distance travelled be under2g0 miles, provided the men ace not hiLetted and the journey is peformed in connexion with an embarcation or disembacation at LiverpooL "RICHARD AIREY, Quartermaster-General." Eighty-five non-comnimisioned offlcersand men, the whole of whomn served in the Crimea, were onPriday las' inspeeted at Chathami by the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, with a.view of ascertaiing their fitness for further service, and awarding their amount of pension previously to their being dischrged from the service. On the conclusion of the inspectionthe'whole ofthis number were ordered to hold themselves in rediness to receive their discharge as soon as theamount of each man's perionhasbeen determined. On Saturday 24 Crimean invalids were examined at Fort Pitt by Dr. J.IB. Taylor, C.B., when itwas found necessary to recormmend the'wholefto be inspected by a Chelsea board, Owing to their unfitness for further service. The proceedings of' the court-martial, held at Chitham Barracks, on private George Smith, 10th Regiment, 'who was tried on the charge oe having, while inastteOf into0i- cation, loaded hi mnsl t a drawn his -ayonet which he threatened to run through any one who attempted to arrest hima, have been made known. The prisoner was sentenced to receive 50 lashes, and furthe;r to be imprisoned at Fort Clarence for 36S days. On the finding of the Court being submitted to his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, his Royal Highness, onaccotmt of the prisone's good conduct, was plesed to remit the corporal punishment, and also a portion of the imprisonment to which the prisoner wa sentenced. -An order has been issuec at Chatham garisn directin,that the whole of those captains belonging to depossta- tioned at-Chatham;, who have been Lately performing fieldoffices duty are-to discontinuixe the sme, in consequence of an addition to the number of field officers at Chlathm. .Colonel ff. Sandami, Diretor of the P4ral Egin&&M eeahlishnsent"at C =tba, has been 'directed to fsiskl1 a draught of the East India Compsa ' Sappers aD d Minca to'thennuinber of 23S non-eoisMmiaioned officers, who a to Blebeldiad u readiee for e s4auication for India, where thay arc to be employed in engineering woaxks. ArTviewr f the troops Oompose the garrison of Dublin wa beld ol Friday, in the Phenix Park. They comprised the following6-Roya and Ho Artillery, 2d and 3d Dr*gooiGua%h 16thiS cers thebGuardk-9q&h, &an i 4thRgment. The men, vwho,-were -it fual reiew- iad., )o knup, their iltedatations by hal -past lID s'olock. and n aboiut hil( ix hour fer his Excelency the Iord. Ieutenani jrrived- on horseback, accompanied by several of the Vioeregii arrniages, containing - the Mrqnis i Marolsionees of K:ilda~ lady Faiiny Ho*ar;I writh otlsei distinguished. visitors and in:znbmr of his Ex:ellew family. Hewas received with the ruatomai1or.o b the troop', who immediately p"ooeeded -to, execute the evolutions usual on occasions of field-days.: After beWN thiee hours on the ground-the troopsfiledioff befose J MxceUlency in the-usnal manner. - - t - - , - Ameeting o£ the provisional committee, lappo6ntea-d nalke arrangementsfor theDublin loanquet to he.Cnznimeae soldiers, was held on Friday, at the Mans'.n-nhouse,Abet Lord Mayor in ' the chair. Several new iemnben Frere added to the cammittee, among thenm were the `uss of Londonderry, the 2farquis of Kildare, Lord:Ta&botVde Malabide, liozi. SL: John Eutler, -Sir ieadBck rl Hans Hamilton Woods, MLr; William--Darpan, Alderma e Hudson, and several others. Att er some discus oniit w resolvegd that the pubic meetingtomunake arraegenetfor thc eatertainmunt shonld be held o , Monda , the 8th of Septemnber, nt 1 o'clockn The Lord layor offered the in'ss-room at the Mansion-house for the meeting, the offer? was accepted by the- commlittee with thrsk and it we arrangred that-the meeting should he held thiere. A forzn of circular wars submitted and arprov6 of, to he signed ?gy 4he se-cretaries, and sen' to the fieutenanis and deputy-liudtenants of counties, and other influential persons throue'out Ireland. Another meetingof the, commite wrill h held on an early dayto arrange finlly for the Intended meeting. - _-_-;_-
To, THE EJDI7OB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-WIay I earnesly beg a sma space in your columus in order that I may notice some very singular statements contained in Mr. lIalan's letter which appears in Thie Thnes of to-day : He says, " At present almost all sects iiU the marcl receive the English Bible as it is; when once altered, not one of them would have it." By " sects in the Church!'1-suppose he means Protestant Dissenters, for it is wrhoUlly incredible that he can intend to sax that Xigh Churchn?en Low Churchmen, Broad Churchmen. Calvisiists and Amiuians, members of the Churcb, would al agree not to receive the Bible if it was altered, whether for better or for worse. But various bodies of Protestant Dissenters are actalY at this muoment publishing their several versions of tha Bible because the Church of England will not authorize L revision of tne present translation. Thepresent translation, EO far from being a bond of union, is producing Eerious and ruinous confusion. - He says also-" The revision" of the nresent traslatiom "would be no nearer perfection; for as vet there isnot, anii I fear there mever will be, a perfect text of the originaLl Can MIr. Mia^n be serious? Can he serioumly think that a revision, guided by and founded on a collation of the nioet ancient and valuable manuscripts would be " no nearer perfection" than a translation which is not founded on a collation of any manuscripts at all? Surelv such a mode-oi~ reasoning needs only to be pointed ant to be refuted. Ie says further, "NZone of the n.terations proposed involve any vital truth; they are not therefore necessary." Thi]s is reilly an astonishing assertion if hEr. Mlalan meana to imply, and I don't see how he can imply less, that there are no errors involvig doctrine in our translation. The verv reverse is the fact. A nd when Mr. Malan states that ourtranslation of theXNew Testament agrees in certain parts 'aith certain ancient and oriental translations, does he meau to say tlhat our translation is not a translation of another translation? Mr. Milax, as a scholar, who has examined the Bathn Vulgate and contpared it v;ith our version, can have no doubt,I presume, that the one is hut the counterpat of the other. If ever a proposition was morally demonstrable, it is this, that the transLators of the Nlew Testament took the Latin Vulgate for their guide. Finally, Mr. halan declares that any attempt to correct the errors of the authorized version of the Bible will not be " without danger of shaking the solid pillar upon which the moral worth of the English people has mainly rested for centuries past." Vithout disputing the truth of the general sentiment contined in this sentence, mnayIbe per-mitted to point-ant to Mr. Milan, that it is impossible-for moral wort.h to rest upon error? and it is only the errors of the translation of our Bible which are objected to by Sir. sour ohlleed servant. A CIGYRAN. Aug. 30.
CLERICAL DISTRESS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE tII S. Sir,-Allow me briefly to rejly to the letter of "An lncumbent," in The Timncs of to-ay. I am sorry that in myformer letter I overstated the poor curate's stipend; he has had but 60W. i-year, and not S0!. How this can be I hope we masy soon-hear, as I havc. lid the whole case before the Bishop of the diocess. I*r. 1'icholas and myself have appealed to the public. literaUy forbread, for this p*or in.n We have not appealed in vai, as your advertisiig columns, Sir, of to-day will tell.; thanks to you. I trust that the " Incumbent's" letter will not stop the flow of public benevolence, as I fear that for months to come the poor curate will not be able to exert himself in the duties of his profession; and it will occupy not alittle time for the bishop to take the very proper course suggested by "An Incumbent." I am sorry to add that this caee is not an isolated ore. There are not less than 5,000 curates with only PF. a- year, and at least 6,000 incumbents with less than 200i. - year. Thewriterof thisletterisbutapoorcurate, "passing rich on 60. a-year -with rent and taxes clear," and a married man with five children. For 11 yea:s has he- labeurecl on this poor pittance,, and ilhould his health fail, others iwlll have toe appeal for aM, as he now appeals for his sick brother in the Idiistry. His neighbour, the Dissenting miister, has 400?. per annum I am. Sir. vours obedipntlvy A. CURATE. Aug. >.
The following noblemeni and gentlemen are attached to the special mission of Earl Granvioll to represent the Queen of Great Sritdin at the Coronation of the Emperor of All fhe Russi x ias dg edprc Peel, who acts as secreti y to the special miesion, Lord I)aley and Ward, the Earl of Lincoln, the Earl of Dallkeith, Lord Seymoari the Maartuis of Stafford, Lord Ashley, Lord Cavendish, Sir john E. d. Actosn, the Hon. a. T. Gower, iLliP., the rhon. Gerald Ponsonby, Mr. F. Villiers ister, and Dr. Sande -with. The special nidstion of Earl Grani will be in every respect -worthy of the S3overeign and ihe country le fgrezpresets. Dt the onoblenr Bi in Staney cretaryof Legiatiun atdAthens akndorerlyi attacedy toatheu Briis Emhasy atremonyoftinoole,atnd Mr. togetGrevre an;m ednson,of thxSoesn fPorOei ce, accompany oir Henry Buiwer of th to rpresnt Grat Brtainin the settlenment constitutionof the Bi anubianePerincpalties. pColonel stantonis tothe British Commission Crt s eent of he nGew boundaries in Besars hi.-Obserrer. - I2WATGVPnATroW OF IEWE=GlWTO.T STATUE! AT iLArcnEsTRan-The statue of tha late Duk-e of Wellington, erectled in ront of the Royal 3nfirmary, at Manchester, was ina rate d on Satuaday. Theareainfrontof the infirmary, wbic,s fe years ao was mainly occupied by a sheeb oE vwater, has now begenonvertedl into a spacious flaggedl pro3menade, 'with fountains rising from two Iasins of watez, so, placed as to leave a spacehetween them for a central statue, 'wile the statues of Peel and oWelington occupy sites ofabout equal magnitudeto the right and left of the fountrins. it is itended thatthe o central space shal some day e occupied by a statue or -the Queen. The statue of- Weuellngton is a full-length bronze *guxe, 13 feet high, designed by Mr. Noble, the sculptor, standing upon a square gsmite pedesta 19 feet high, witk subordi. sate ligures At eacn of the four angles--one representing Valour, and the other wisaom, Victory, and Peace. The figure represents the noble fluke in the character of a snator, and the - likeness is a very truthful one. The ceremony of inauguration drew together an infense concourse of people. The mayor and corporatiox 'waaled in urocession from the Town-hall to the Infirrnry, acmpanid by the BLshop of AManchester and the prbincipal susrIber to the statue, 'which has cost about 7,OOQ.. Lieutenaint-General Sir Hlarry Smiith andLils staff we.-o aiso yresent,- with troDDS of the 7th Dragoon Guards and 25th Infantry, to aid the police in keeping the lines. The xtutho-a rities having -tak-en th eir places on a platform providedl for the occaidon, an address was delivered by Mr. Aldermnna Barnes, 'who narrated the Circumstances connected-with.the, -erection of the statue, and in the name of the su'ocribers handed it over to t-he mayor and corporation of Manchetter.' The mayor having, on behalf of the corporation, accej5ted. the tate, cmmadedit to be unveiled, -whichL was dtone. amdlu 'eering, the band playing the national antboi, and the Tountains beginning. to play simultaneously. d' dresses were afterwards deliveredt by the Bisop of MaEn.-' chester and Sir H. Smith, antlthe proceedings terminald. OPDsc Or F G~rTHE AmE EY-T-ARTX,. NZAR ItsencGHAM.-On Saturday the land recently appropemle by 3Mr. Adderley, 2iLP., in the neWihbourhod of Saliley,' as a "1peoples parkr," was, for the fast time, throwunopen for that purpose, -when the occcasionwasscelebrated boiy a dinnerand other becoming festvities At 1 o'clock the provisional comimittee of management Assembled at the: xmarket-hall in Belmont-row, andt, accompanied by somr:athousands of artisansi and beade-d b.y a banid of music, Pro-' ceeded to inaugurate the park. In the 'procemdon 'wtere L-ord Lyttelton, - M1r. Adderley, hLP. i r. CI. H.._ Bracebridge, Mr. Hodgson, the mayor of BirmiDgham, Mrr. 3J. Walsh, numerous mnembers of the corporation of +he borough, the Colesihill troop of Yeomanry of hic Mr. Adderley is the captain, and a boat of respectable gentlemen residing in the neighabouffibo& Theiirk 'wh3R is pleasantly situated conitiguous to the SidtJeyTrAin.- ing College, and about two -miles from. the Centre of :ir- siaighau, waz fitted unp with capacious tents for diniag, coneert, dancing, &c. At the dlinner Mr.ddre, L. prsded, halvinga his I mmediatesporestoel MissLeigh, th MaNyor of BirusiuamLodLteos, Mr. lacebridge, Mr. T. W.'Wbeley r rgh, r Madife ir. Marshall, Mr. Wlb n te e-uwa fnnaor the ' working classes. rAdrlyeai& that his -sole ob*et -in`gi-vlng TepakwaOo .S. n ilhe workdng classe a healty losItinwhich the' amd exorcie. The a,&iins f thLe-park, he observed, ~v" n2ow manag-ed by b.smmte f~eaie,htp ms as a safficleat uai),e ofubcieswsoAiq.t defray the small amount of ana ze.- t would. be necemsasi- ncwrsd A eeaitsfe aae Ale waci,cTsa wpime,ad ekd wa eon.s over teluinereiy-upoas a X84 eTOAWL The chsewstssarwa d~*aed in h the duauiig-taust.si h eeSltiSIdmh &aomas for th. eoe whPMoedava "aeW afteraQW QWA grea"a deccersm aia vle&r lwt
1?OBBIGX INTELLIGENCE. ~ANCE (FRL- IU OWN CO--UESNSDEXhT.) 1- - thpoiodiha cUowing appeared la -o=rso2iei Mn-n rS RAF 110-i~ I _ Tire growth of cotton in Algeria foras the subieet ofoE rather interesting report from Marshal Vaillant to the Emoperor, which ep2ears in to-day's Mfoliteuv.! In-think doeument the Minister of WVar recognizes the gyood effects of the decrees of the 16th of October, A853, by which an annual prize of 20,OOOf. was a!-- lotted for five years to the beatcotton-grower i thq Franco-African colony; and for three ye, e'mmencing with 1854, the whole cotton produce of A.Meria was ordered to be purchased by theState at.a pricea fixed beforehand and advantageous to the pro-. ducer. In consequence of this encouragement the grovith of cotton has increased,aniiit has been proved mot o1y that the plant flourishes in man7 di3tricts of tha colony, but that its quality is comparable to i that of the finest produce of the United States. A prolongation -of the advantages assured to the producer- is auggested, and it has accordingly been! decreed that the Government will continue to purchtase the whole of the Algerine cottonuntil the crop of 185S inclusively. It may not be uninteresting to out inanufacturers to.' watch the progress of this fre6h field, which. judiciously nurtured by the French Govermmnen may, perhaps, before very many years have passed, compete for their custom with the vast cotton grounds of the States. It is yet too soon to risk a prediction as to what Algeria may do in this way, but present appearances are favourable, and doubtless France will neglect no means of converting into a profitable colony a territory which so long zerved but as an expenve trainin g,round-for her soldiers The great Pesaetore trial, of the result of which you have already been informed, will take rank among t;he French Ceases Celita-es, by reason of the strong interest it has excited, and of the real impcortance of the question at issue. In this case the interest does not attach to the. parties to the suit, but the public has recognized in it an attempt on the part of the clergy to get over the necessity of civil marriage. In p'rance, as you are aware, a couple cannot be married by the priest without producing the certificate of their previous union by 'che lav authorities. M. Donnet, Cardinal Archbishop of Bordeaux, tried to evade this law, -and to establish a precedent by sending AL Pescatore and Madame -Weber to be married at the little village of Renteria, a few miles beyond the Spanush frontier. On the death of Mr. Pescatore, the fortune he left was claimed by his blood relations, on the ground of there having been no legal marriage, and in their favour thie tribinal has just decided. Had a contrary decision been come to, it would have been a triumph for the Church party, and a great blow strLek at the French law enjoining civil marriage, since people would only have had to cross a frontier in order to contract a legal union without reference or submis- sion to the civil authorities. Such marriages would. have been encouraged by the priests, and maght have given rise to many irregularities. The Frenclipress continues mute on the subject of the accusations brought by Louis Bl1anc against the civil and military authorities of Cayenne, and I now that this- silence is the consequence, in some instances, of strict injunctions to that effect, while other papers doubtless fear to enter upon the matter ntil the hlinisterial journals have taken the lead. It is somnetimes diffcult to understand the tactics of the French Government with regard to the press. The spirit of compression and restriction seems at times to be carried to an unwise length. IfDl. Louis Blanc's letter contains exaggerations'. and mis-statements, why should the French papers be prevented exposing them, and supplying proofs in refutation ? The coekade question, to which I yesterday alluded, is another case of the kind. Grave andi-ifluentialpaitisansof a political party, whic, if not numrerically strong, is at least reshpetable and of some impozrtance,- desend to the puerility-of a squabble conceninga the colour of a riband. To hava let thg saiirist.s of the press ioose upon thenwould have been quite as effeciusi and a much more damaging way of disposing of so sillv a controversy than treating thema seriously and giving them importance by a judicial warning. The Monwitetr. says . lhe evacuation of the army o: the East is couspletely terminated. The vessel on board cf which our last soldiers emb3aked left the Bosphorna on the 16th. Rear-Admiral Pellion, the superior officer of the navy at Constantinople quitted tht port on tho 12th; leaving for a few days longe! in the Bosphorus tbe Belle Poule and Orenoque frigates in order to defuitively settle Eome administrative details." The Moanitesur publishes the returns of the corn trade in the differ-nt markets of France, from which it appears that during the last week of July and the first fortnight of August the average price of the hectoEitre of wheat was 3Sf 21c. at Toulouse, Gray, Lyon; and Marseilles; 33f. 5&c. at Marans and Bordeaux; 34f. 2c. at St. Laurent and Le Grand Lemps; 33f. 99c. at M_ulhouse and Strasburg; 33f. 76c. at Bergues, Arras, Roye, Soissons, Paris, aud Rouen; 29f. 41c, at Saumur and Nantes; 33f. 28c. at Metz, Verdun, and Charleville; and 29f. 86c. at St. Lo, Paimpol, Quimper, and Hennebon. The highest price during the last week was 35f. 67c. at Toulouse; and the lowest 28f. 17c. at Marars. Compared with last month there is a fall in the average price of wheat of 87c. per hectolitre. The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the week ended on the 18th instant were 1,140,473f, or 92,553f. more than during the corresponding, week of 1855. The gross receipts since the 1st of JaDuary amounted to 30,396,656f., beinga difference in favour of 1855 of 1,005,741f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 20c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., at 94f. 50c. ; and the New Loan, at 70f. Soc.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,385f., Great Northern, I,032f. 50c. ; Strasburg, 935f.; new shares, 848f. 75c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,362f. 50c.; Lyons to the Mlediterran-aM, 1,790f.; Western of France, 943f. 75c. ; Bordeanx and Cette, 780f.; Great Central of France, 682f. 50c. ; Lyons and Geneva, t95f.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,622f. 50c.; Austrian Railways, 880f. Co~irs A essf .-PArnS. Aug. 29.-Cash prices.- Four-und-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. 40c. 50c. 60c.; ditto Loan of 185.5 (70 per cent. paid), 94f. 50c.; ditto Certificates (70 per cent, paid), 94f. 50c.,u Thre per Cents., 70L 30c. 35c.; ditto Loan of 1855 (70 per cent. paid), 70f. 30c.; ditto Cerificates (70 pr cent. paid), 70f. 30;3O.Bank Actions, 4,1S0f.; Cridit Fontier, 665f.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440; ditto Three per Cents., 400L; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 0OL 87f. 50c. ditto Threa per Cents., 80L Prom. Obligations of 1000f., Three per Cents, 930f.; ridt dobilier, 1,622f. S3c.; Discount Bank, 695f.. 700f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 92£f fOc.; ditto Three Per Cents., 56f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 874 ; Romr.s, 88A.; Spanish Interior Debt, 39i. Exchange on London, t sight, money, 25.. 27,^c.- three maonths, money, 2Z!. PAS, SATURDA-r, AuG. 30, 6 P.3r. "Accounts from Biarrit7," says the tmonitesu-,- "State that seabathing has been of great service to the Empress, and that the climate is most favourable to the health of the I'lperisl Prince. The Emperor takes the moat lively interest in the improvement of the port of Bayonne, no which subieci the Chamber of Commerce of tho tetrnhaz presented a-very imcortaut report, to his Mhjesty. The Emperor, afteralongconversation ith the engineer of the port, ave orders for the imlmediateadoption0ofmeans for - removing the bar by _donting the tnsm in. vented by some Italian engineers, and -which has been attended vwith the best results under similar bircnsastanctS at the mouth of the Reggrd-Lagni, near Naples. The Emperor Eas also had a long conversation with Marshal Serrano, the newly-appointed Spanish Ambassador, who recentlyarrived-at Biarrits, on the subject of the junction of the French Tailways wgith those of Spain." The Daeats says:- ~ " lt is welt lmo-.n that the session of the CounncilsGenera opened on the 2-5th. Ia almost all of those of -which we have received accounts one of the first questions raised vwas that relating to the importannt modifications contemplated in our Customs' tariff. Unfortunately, the opinions and tendencies which have manifested thenisolves on this sabject are very divergent." The following private telegraphic despatehes have been relevedl "Bsaai, Aug. 29-The Governorof Polaid, in conse qxence of the contemplated establishment of a credit banLhas given notice tnat all commereial companieslthe capital of which shal exceed 150,000 i-oubles miust, before apco m=encing operations, be dlly authorized by the jGovern. ment.": " xovzrn, Aug. 29.-In plase of eightUaillmon francs ;hich were required for the bank, four milliards have been ubscribed, anid to mAintaino erder it was necessary to call in the aid of the military." , - e-Thk i%ree-pcr Cents, closed to-day at ';Of. Me, ffc.12 tfc-d pit-the month: i3he-Four-anLd-ai-Hnf pe' rt *, c. ;} ?, and thse NXew Loan -at '70f. 2e. ;: Orier>s Raiserway sihaLres, l,3Z2f. iOc..;. Great esrth-n, . C; Strasburg, 930f.; lNew Shres, 845f. 2 Paris anadLyons, 1,365f. *. Ly.ons A tha 'IIMedfteimsneans 1,77of.; Western of France, 957f.;Bordeaux and Cette,' 778f. 75sc.-; Great Central 'ef Fi:ance, 680f.; Lyon aad-GendS'a, 800f. * Bank of. Credit Mobilier,- 1,025f.;: AustR & 877f. SOc.. - - A Iw Ceurs Aua PAI%tt, A-uust 30.--iJsh Tre-' Four4sId-s-HLa4LperOents (not reimbnxble for1(1 r) 94f. 5Mc. 60c. 75c.; Thrie per Cents., Of. .i 15. 10_ :1de. 25c. 30c.; ditto Loan of 11855 (7Q per cent. paid), 70L.J-19; ditto Certificates (70 p ce. eti. pid), 70f. 100 O B:;k Actions, 4,150Q.; Cjdi, iincier, bligations of iW0f, Four wr Cents., 440f.; ditt6 Three per Cents.. 400f. , Credit Mobilier, 1,617f. 0sC. 1,622f. soC. 1,625f. : Discount Bank,6901.; 'Peiniontese ive er.Cents.. g2£500..' ;ditdiW,Three' per Cents., 1853, 56f.; iAstrian Fivo er. Cents., *>:; -Bal, gin Pour-ana *al E er .Cents., 99 ;. Romana; 88i; a3aiInterior Debt, 39f 4gO Dutchl,r-id-3ifr 6 tnd u . ..., ItU.SSIA - - ,FROM 0M BFaf GOnEsPOirDEl..) BlERLN, AuGusi' 28 It appears that it is not as vet quite settlec about the concession -of tlhe long iGne of railway,l,o M.- 'Rothschild, which was -reported a week ago 'a u'u fait accornpli. The negotiations aredescribed - blr iuitiatecl persons to be still going on, and during the last three weeks . an entrepreneur who 'has arrived .in St. Petersburg frofn' emnarktakes part ian these negotiations and deliberations. The K Julienwho was mentioned in some of the earlier stages of the negotiation as having good chances of success'sReei3s now, to be identified . engineer ritli the iudier-' takings in which Al. Rothschild figures as ca,iist' It is r,unoured very mysteroiosly that, in, spiee of the French nationslity of- the *ko geillomen-above-- mentioned, England is 'atanding in the baeokouniin of the group, and that the said gentleilen are acti'n only for English capitalists. Private accounts frxnm St. Petersburc7 state. tha: great as was the attention that waM paid to hArshal Mkranont, who represented Charles X: at the coronation of the late Emperor, in 1826, it was n6tUnn to the reception that AL de Aorny -has enoyea" in St. Petersburg and Peterhoff at the Impenial' hands. On several occasioini it' has -been emihalti: cally mentioned ia the highest-cildeiAlthat 'in-Ml de, lYtry they recognize not simply a high oicet. of State, but a private frienid of -the Emperor of the French. Under the ai'spices- of- 'this favcur-d diplomatist there is a certain circle, 'or - cta, 'or Court, in course of forenation, which the represenfr tatives of States even of second rank do not disdain' to freouent-for instance, the representative of'Sair-' dinia, Count Broglia I di Casalborgone. 'A sort', of' contrast to this couettr de ,ose picture is fortned by the very quiet, calmn, and reserved manner in which our representative, Lord Granville, puiwes: the even tenour of his way; he is said, hov'ever, to be by no means neglected or slighted by the Tinperial Court, but to be treated with a much colder style of politeness than his mnore favoured colleague. Lord Granville also is described as hajvinghis own circle and coterie, and his saZens as bz n, means left empty or unvisited. Count Ent&. hazy, who wll still be recolledted in Engian*i' as having represented his Court there some 20 years ago, is now 70 years old, and,- as he has 'been selected for this mission of repesenting his Emi,eror: at the coronation more on account of his rank and his wealth, his position in St. Petersburg seenis to have less of a political nature than that of the other two representatives; he, too, has his sahlns' and his circle, whicl keeps tolerably distinct fi;om those of the other two; but the political element is a less prominent under his auspices, and a r5.ore i genial tone pervades the circle that is presided over by this cheerful old gentleman. 'In his splendid X uniform of a Hungarian General of Hssurshenmjioht' easily he mistaken for an old soldier,' thougli. nil yet his sword has never been drawn in aanger from its golden scabbard. The background ald intervening points of this picture are filled ulp by the numerous German Princes, who being all I young, -with the exception of Prince Friedricab of the }Tetherlands, and not being, oppressed by any weighty political mission, look upon th e whole' episode as a party of pleasure in connexion with a; family event, and enjoy themselves accordingly.; The Russians seem to be showing themselves in tUe most amiable colours; hospitality, which is a sort of religious duty, with them, is being exhibite4Lto the fullest extent, and the man most prominent in the exercise of this graceful virtBue is the Emperor himself. In aniother private letter from St. Petemburg .thu difference between the effectproduced7in St. Peters-. burg society by the two representatives of Great Britain and France is sk-etched in colours of glasing. contrast. The attention of the public, iti said, is directed to Lord Granville a: much as to Cou'nt Morny'; but while the latter "fascinates" everybody that comes within 'his sphere, Lord Granville, the type of a thorough Englishman, is looked on rather as a curiosity. Preparations are beginning.to be made now in 'St. Petersburg for the festal amusements that. are to be thrownr open to the peo'ple there simultaneously with the solemnities in 'Moscow. Thie chief point of attraction for the out-door amusements wil be' the Champ de Mars, 'where buildings have been erected for carrousela and equestrian performances, whieh the liberality of the' Emperor or of the city, or even the generosity of guilds and private in(dididuals, have provided the funds for. On the 2fth inst. half St. Petersburg.'was on foot, and assembladc on the spot where the Seine was moored, for 1hue. purpose of seeing her start on her homeward voyage. This vessel, the reader will recollect, con-. veyed the carriaues, horses, and entire stable establishment of Count de Morny to St. Petersbuig, and now that the equipages, the horses, the groor's, the piqtueurs, the masters of the horse, have ill found where to lay their heads in St. Petersbt;rg, the Seine returns to Havre. Now that the Crimea is entirely evacuated, Lte Odessa Joturnal pulblishes an announcement re-establishing the quarantine there, to commenece from the 27th of July. The aotice closes as follows:- " The local authorities shall make kntowvn to such ships as happen at the moment to be in tho quLrantine harbours and do not N'ish to remain in quarantine that they havet to withdraw 'ithout delay from the said harbours and proeend to the waters of the free pratique. Such ships as remlin in the quarantine harbours or arrive there from abrtad shalbeotreatedin thesamneway asvessels aretreatedtl,st aro under observation. Orders have further been given thet the quarantine establisbmentsof Kertch and Eupatoria siisdl remain closed to any landing or to any observation of qiarantine of ships and passengers coming from abroad thab would according to rule be subject to observation, until Ihe eaid establishments have been put again into a proper state. It is at the same time 'forbidden to allow ships and passengers of this category to enter the Sea of Azoff, and only such passengers and ships are to be allowed to enter a have performed q-uarantine at Odessa and Theodosia. T1o this end, and in conformity with the sanitary laws,uscchihips and persons shall ba liable to be questioned at the time .f their entering the Straits of Bertch or at Eupatoria." A variety of new schemes. of reore'anization viri: shortly be put into practice in the rMitary administration 6f the 'Crimea 'its 'defect'having 'bei rendered so'patent in:the7late war. rThe conmi,.sariat-for instance, which has hitherto been statione,l at Elizabethgrad; will be removad toXherson at thl 'end of this month or at the-beginning;of nixt, i2 that it may be nearer toNicholaieff, the Crimea, anmd its military station. PThe entire adininistration-iii the Eouthlis to be put on -an'ew 'footing, :and: tliS special or separateadtministrtion:of thelittorh:o .the Black.Sea is to- be abolished. By somie persona'; this last alteration is undestood. to imtply that th.1 fortresses on the coast will not be re-erected, 'burt. this eonclusion cannot be drawn 'with any certtainty.' Advices received at 'Odessa froat Siimpheropol state that the Tartar population refascd to worl: in the fields: for the Russian landowners,, ci demanded such high wages thattheproprietors wejji compelled to the alternative of letting the laarvesu .be lost. In.Odessa, too, they complan that, -brim:. as trade has beeaa since its reopening, it will nevertheless in its results be a long way behind that ce' the year 185$. ', .. The Prussian Consul-General in Warsaw, Herl von Wagner, 'vho was intrusted dunntg,the lat .f war with the protection of British subjects residenl in Pola nd, has l3tely received fromia our Queen;-, gold nuf "-fox, with her initials -richly set in bril- liants, as a mark of recognition for the servies h- rendered durinc that .peiiod to British subjects, The 1ox- was accompanied by a very fattering letter froni 'Lord Clar6ndon, in which he expressea tin' thanks of the Quedn and of every miember of the, Ministry. The King has at o'nce given.hispersnMiA!r sion to iez vos'WaOgnei to,' accept thii' flatterinstest;nonial and present. , , ^ "Prince GorischakoffL "the Statthate of Polaac1 left Warsawr for oscow on the '2Otlinst., aand iwat followed the n-3xt'daV by~t trin'ce-s, his wife accompanied by the, Pn'ncesses Otye and Sophia,. who are to take 'their ,piaces in the coronation p)resaoi~offoourJPo -X.oat2&o:])ko,-a Major in the arany-of King. Otho,- of Greece, --arrived atr Wasaw on the th, and eecitea the most lively sensation there by his splendid oriental D1u,rnrod. ; - - - ' 7' , 'PRUSSIA (sao0 OUJR OW7 00 OND 0 .) .- = BERLIN AUG. 27.. The runmonrs that are current just now. in private;. circles here, and arIe,hinted- at in the journa, o£ an: intentionon the. part of this Goverineent to slir-. *round Berlitwith an cneninteof for.timilar to-the, fotif ied girdle wvth which Paris isprovided, appeai: t owve their origin to -the forteitouE circumstnce-- ,that an office of- the general statf Vot major) -his lately printed 6on h,s own account a plni for tlhe fortification .of+, Brli, awhich:'he someLfew years back esigned, alsoo£.hown accord Landw'ithout'any-conmuiisiion ao.t,dod& The fortr. I of Spandau, ox :the. othler hand, s being steadily- increased and strengthened for the-sake-of.protect' ingthe gin foundrie-anid niaindiTctories of sirall. arms that -have of late-years been added the lpro vi'fou y, existing fortrss, Oiie of the,mostiriport5t-and faithest outlyiung of the wo0rks of which 'this fo-ress, wfhen completed, will consist will. probably be, constracted on thoS ndiamer Ber, a moderate' accivitylir nghbetwee'i harlottenburgandSpana, -id consequently -about five or six miles from K Berlii. This will be ihb' , nearest fortified-point tr thisca ins!. -. - , . -- 'In military circles here there is a good deal of at tenionii being bestowed cupon some emali and tiiusiially ligght field pieces ithiat i ,'is proposed - to supply to the infantry, mormemcing witl that of theGuards, twio of thenm to each battalirj. Thia' miniature-artillery is rou,ntu d nwheels,but can'b -draw,n andA erved by on-e man, ana, it is aid will -hit and'do execution at 1,000 pacesi vwhich, if ;cor- rect, irmpie a,distance of 2,250 feet `'esujip, y of. MEim6rsfles{t6 the army is not to Ibe so laige as was intendedv when its superiorify over theo 'ZiinS 'vad . gun was lately 'substantiated by ample experiment; it has been found that the Mini'6cartr.id6es are sd heavy that the muen can 'only' cary one-third of the number that the regudkti6ns: for field duty require. Only last monththe most. striking prdoof of the -enormaous ranga of alwliea s,ifle and its- uperio0*y over tho'tindnadd gun 'was ffordedd by a melancholy accident at Magd& burg. A 'cQnspany of foot soldiers i'ier'e prac'tising at a target at- the umual- distance of '1,00 paces, Iwhile a number of field lab wero qccupled with-their, +outdoor work in the line of lire, but 700 Opaces removed from the. tar-aet, which hitherto had formed the o oxtreme ocopea of the Zuimdnauedel' range, when,: suddenly, one of the :labourers sank to the ground,- mortally wo6unded in the head with a Mini6 ball. At' the distance of 1,100-paces it had been su-pposed that the men -were out of all danger. . . , ' ' . .The Kino, and Queen leave here on the 29th inst. for the purpose of being present, as well as the Prince of Prussia, at the manceuvres bf tho first and:second' army. corps in Pomerania and Preussen. ..The parade of the second army corps willbe held at. aStargard on the 30Fh, and that of the 1st atteilsberg' on the 6th of September. ' The nianceuvres. in the Mfeld commence, for the second' arnmy corps on' tho 1st, and for the first army corps on the 8th of September. ITALY. . -* (RaH ems Ow consRDoMIiNuDT.) The . TURIN, Auo. 25. :2The Austrian Custom-house Leag,ue with the fluchies of Parma and Modena is aboutto expire at the end of this year, and already arrangehaents live been made, it is said, for the renewal of the treaty for another term of five years This League, as you are aware, was first organized in 1851, and' the manner in which it was iinosed on the Government of Parma then, as now- in.therenewal, is well worthy your attention. In 1851 tne financial embarrassments of the- Duke 'Charles .IL, caused chiefly byhis personal extravagance,threatenedcseiiouslytointerferewithhisenjoy- ments, and, as- he had alreadyinereased the scale of taaxation considerably, and his expenses were still much beyond his income, it. became necessary' i that he should either reduce Ihis outlay for 'rnius plaisirs or find some,'new- way of raising funds ; and, blessed as he' was at that timiae ith *youth -aild health - and a keen appetite for sensual pleasurres; without any drawback of a. sense of duty towards his - subjects or remiorse of co nscience, le-' k sides being, po'ssessed of a prime counsellor who had qualified himnself for such- a positionS by his studies on the British turf; it -is not saiprising - that he -eaerly caught at -the Austrian bait of a Customs League, whereby tit was promised he should share in the duties collected in the whole tet-ritories over which the' League extended. In short, he ai,ed as many a young gentleman of spirit -in private life has done-he put his-name to adocu-Jmnnt for which he re^oived nio equivalent. The -sharing in the Customs collected along the Austrian frontiers of course proved.a complete delusion, as it is not to be supposed the Austrian' Government wvould condescend to allow a Parmesan eormnimioner to overhaul the Imperial and Apostolic aceounts, and those furnished by the Anstrian4commissioners -generall'y'giva very little credit to the Dachies. -But, after all, the -uke Charles only committed his country for five years, and nor-the tine has arrivcd foi his successor either to renew the engagement or break -it off. Three months back, when the difference between the Regent and Cot CrenneviMle was at its heiht, there 'seemed to be some' prospect for the independenee of the State, but,unfortinately, there-was no reprsientative of the lestern Powers preeut:totake advantageof the Duchess'sdisposition then, and now CSount CrennevilIe's successor, Gene- I ral Bauragarten, who is said to be'of more con- I ciEiating manners than the Count, and treats the'| Duchess with a' certai respect, affecting even to take-her- commands and' consult her convenience, has effected a perfect reconciliation between ler Hi-hness and the Austrian authorities, so that the renewal of the Customs League is almost a certainty, notwithstandint the universal. condenaition of it "by the whole people, and'its ruinuousi effects, on the country, as acknowledged by the-Miniisters. The Parma Chamber of Commerce-a -body named 'by the Governinent itself-' presented an addiss 'to the Government: on this subject the other day, in which -it said that it did not object to the principle of the league, but it recommended that- the tariffs, which- are now' ruinously high, shouldbe reduced? so as to allow the' commerce of -Parma some chance of competing with thae of Austria-,that is to say, it wantedto have the agreement made on rules of fair.play; but the reply of the Minister, 'the Marquis Pallavicini Mossi wvas that he had done all he could to persuade the Austriani Govern,ment to make re-ductions in the tarifs, but without effect, anid he could do no'more. The value of what the Austrian Government is pleased to callreforms-or: improvements for promoting indiustrial progress in-Italynmay be duly appreciated by the lig,ht of such actsas these, -and when entrance to its own-territories is denied to persons because;t4hey. ae 'Suspected of belonging '.to a famnily -that .haa shown 'des3 'sy7pathies aiec.- ?apmrqpcgcnfdelItaliem7e-as in the case of your corti repondent,;- ." A- lon5don ~Tawyer,' :the other~ day;. -it can be-seen how- it uniderstands the blessin -ofeasy communication 1 o- t he advancement of pce and goodwill- toward men, of which it ought to'be one of the chiefest-insiuments. l . . When the house ofRothschild was in treaty with'. -ihe 'Austrian Governmefit, some time ago, for the purchase of the Lombardo-Veneto Railways, one of the principal partners was said: to have made three stipulations previous to treating on other terms-: namely, -that the Government should: concede the - continuation of the present lines to the fron: tiers on all-sides-; that the Customs tariffs should' be modified; and- that. the passport systemr should - hbe,relaxed in its rigour. The higk contracting Powers,couldnot.cometo. any arrangements on thatoccasion, and. whether-any promises of changes to the effect of the two latter conditions were given to, .the company -to which these railways are now mortgaged I have never heard,-- though, as: it, was organized- under. the -*auspices ,of the house - of 7Rothschild 'in the ,first instance2 it is probable the same conv,iction pr,evails as before-that rail-- avays in-the- Austrian Italian States never can suc- ceed as a-comm,ercial speculation until.such changes . :are carried out. --. . - - 7 . ' It certainlf is not the t.clt of the Aulic CoUnCi that steamr,oats -and,- milay and. R euta, c ,tel,e-- graphs-have -been established throughout the world4: - lbs the.misfo,rtune -of the l9,th eentury that uch,tluings'have be,e,n inene,. f-and. ;f-t,hey hbave been,-. introduced-into the Austrianl doniinions3, tha'nksfioI.l .the care of-a-paternal-Government, the s,bject,s - . the Emp,ero, r-P ra.cie Joseph have Rot been allowed :to mnake use of them,- except under such restrictio-s- I ueemx, are. ther1ikq e to have thaw -ee . C#S'oftheae zneiitin initi1-thLey. hi Xibed to lovpheirW To.pcop}e o - of roni t thetir may pably aear ioe aigbt -Ixifion. of ideal as to oase aii& eiife: mapny of6our readers .*M lfancythatjth. inntowl os mpeints tod intcrcoime an& trade. vould ten to recoiicile t1e4:ubjNti:t6- t - C4a#net Vioniua.tIiisdixkt 4ffe enlyever, in: nv,ariablv 3SL IAie. .ocivernment sachos 'of . Lom d f 'thst ' the -guWjcts Fhhuldeopofh;6 lvs sieva' be&aii,se,theSo,v,er,eigx ,heir,r3',^ h3, ,power oyer their ',ropert&,ndliyd," ahd i beciis ,they are, .trea,ted a slae's;axk Xeid to kisssthe rdthrat.chastens thm; , 2 Cen,eitaCount"'St.kelbergthe' ne*lappoiitd IRu"ifn Min-ter a'thii ourt, has srive iTr,'but ha' not-yet been= preseited'to -2isi Mfaje'sty as' 'the;'6ifrtis out.o t6w:n ;Th'e Trshi'SbaSsdor, -I3jaMimiIfyj whio is'a'credAited -t- bo'th: the Frenc'r .and SariiContts i5 e4:ctbd here in- a few days 'froin Pa&. The' presence of Th'ince' urat at the baths of: '^.ix:- in Savoy,-thither - iiany other isemberi -'of the-famiily have gone'frbni-Italy to m'eet him, *has-of coiirsecaustedi:allkiiAdsof absurd- reports' u ''to his.politkal mNotives-:in coxijing: so necar al.' ?oo r King Ferdinand -will- uio -doubt' be 'tewrrbly :;friphbtned at this approxiation,-butiI do not thinki :it is likely tliat any ore.lse -ie mAueh lMoved by .beither joy. or -fear from the 'fa't~of -a Stou' elderly~gentlema bathing himself it this season of the 'yeao.- - - SPAIN. Our accounts fromM Madrid are of the 2ath it. - The marriage of the Infanta A;melia with Prince 'dalbert of Bavaariawas cclebrated in the evening 6fofth'at daya'id the:nnupffLbencAeaetionwas t&'be given-themrA the neAt day.- The:Queen: and Kirg .wished to~disp1ay oi' the occaaien~the greatest possible solemniAty. Three of the sisters efthe Prince,s -had n'ot'been invited to ^,he weddinqg-^namelv, DonnaJosefi, who is mar-ied to M. Jose 6uel yRentc,-a rich inerchant of 'Havannah ; Donna lsabella'Wife .of Count. Gurowaki, 'Va. Polish emAigr&nt; anda the DuOhess de Sessa, -wh-ose-husband is a Graee 6f Spain. - They were excluded from the ceremony beeaaus the:Royal-famnilyzonsidered their mnarriages beneath the dignity of' the-Princesses, althoughb inevery othere respecte±trime}y honourable.
H-EBR MAZJESTY IN- BDIANBURBH. ThbQjzeeznha0now reguliyvisitedRdinburgh twice a. year (on her way.to or from herXighland reideni,e) for six or seven yers, bit the desire of tbo inhabitants to see her can scarcely besaid to be-diiiisbig * and her residence in Holyrooa being extended over Friday 1Iept the 'whole eIcy on the qui ve Thouands througed the parks in hopes at V. review, and thousands more -perambulated the, streets and gazed from the windows in hopes, to see Her Majesty pass. The military rer reay to ttirn outshould a review be commauled, and the otlciala at the different public build. ings had maede eyery preparation for a Royal visit, bat-.Her -Majesty's desire-to spend- the day in privacy disappointed the general expectati6ii. The qaaeen, the Royal family, and snito left the Palace ab6d:ut ,fro'clooj, in threo carriages, accompanied by PAi.ae Abe6t the Duke of -Baccleucb, and General Grey, on horseback. . The Royal party muide a cir cuit embracing the castle and old town, but, with tle excep. tion of passing along Princes&-streef, their line of drive was one thalt cduld not have been anticipated, and there ,vas nyividt paid to :any of the public institutions. Without stopping. at Holyrood on their retarn , he Royal party immediately entered the Qaeen's drive and performed the circle of Arthur's Seat. At 4 o'closk carriages were again brdered, aind expectation -cs once -more revived of a visit to the town, but the Royal cortIgc proceeded first to Cr)igmilla7r Castle, memo rable in the history of the unfortunate Mary, Queen of Scots, and now v picturesuna ruan, and thence to Hawthornden, an ancient rmansuon, overhanging the beattifut lvallsi- of the. South Es-, 'and lastly to Roslin Castle andl Chapel, the inteiestihg memorials of the early graudenr of the: Scttish Souse of St. Claiz. - They returned to Holiroodas S o'eoek in the evening. In the mnea,nwhil,e s,ome of the i anembers of tho Royal family, w vo had been left at Holyrood; -were .taken to see the Castle ^and ocher attricile places inear -the city. in the evening the Btoyal dinner Varty Wa3 joined by Lord Melville, Colonel Ward, LA., -and Sheriff Gbrdon D)El?ART roF-Yt7=BrO-RAZ-. At a qunrber to 9 ocloeok>b6 Satuidaynmorning the Qeear, Prince Albert, and the Riyqal firiljahd suite left Holyrood Plhlae for the $ation at ,St. Margareta'. Her Majesty was receivedby 4gard of. honiour of the 3itb, and thl aignal`was given 4to Athyszlo for a oyalsalnte. con. Thr~ajyeiu'ig, betl s,ides of the dr.ive-ivire lined vwith. mtlitary. Lo4 M4eviu- rtode bythe side of the Qieoenss carriago frofit the Palace to. the station,ivlierethe toyai party arrivead'at'10 dinutes'before 9o'clock. - Thelband ot the 5thuDaigooi Gidards icayd the kationalAmtheniuoher. fajesaps9approach, and a guard of hono6r f tfie 3'ith i re" srnted w rns., There were pceaint on the platf6rnin thLo6d Provost, Mr. .Sheriff Gordon, Mr. Blackburnz iM. ,.S Before.the hourr strick, the Royal train -awas oaitA wsayt the north.: Thenumnber of people collected on -the driveiaes very great, and the cheering there .4nda at- the station was most enthusiassic. Hler Majesty and Priince Alibert repeatedly, aeknowledged these greetinis;3nawoeinit ndexpre.sed to the officials of the coulnty their satisfaction with the arrangednents -that had beein made ii Edinburgh for their Fdsits . .- The traiin reached Stiriing at the -time appointednamely,tsoven -minutes past 10. Here the engines of theEdinburgh. and, GLasgow *ere changed for those of the Scottish Ce-ntraL A .arge coSmpiny occupied the station, and a guard of honour. of th-i 42d Hi:-landers was pressnt. As Her majesty passed a RoyAl salute ,was fiiOd rD6m Stirling Castle. - - - The-next stotipag was- at Perth, Whichl v;as reached at 1110. There iv-as also. a large attendance on the platform, Her liajesty arrived at Banichory~ at-~ 46 rminutei after 2 o'clock. ord Dnncan -received tho Queen at IPerth',10c'.Panm e,r at Forfar; Sir Thoinas Blailkie, I at Aberdeen,; Mr. Jon1n Dcncan, chairman, and Er. -Da depity-chairman-of the Dfeeside line, at. Banchoty. fEer M3ajesty partoolk of lruncheon at,Banchory and! posted thence to Aboyne and Ballater to BaEinora, arrWirg ab-out @claock. M1r. Seyr our -Clarke cdndtcted the Rloyal- train, and the jonrney bE ~550 miLesfrom London was; accoinplishtd writhin tw.vo ,min'tes of the appointed tiine. T-heweather was air until nigDht, w:hen it rainea [:heavilg. r
i3RITISH ABUcEOLOGICAz ASSOCIATION.. BATH, STUIBAY. The association dined t-oether last night in the Councilchamber of the GuildhalL The- chair was taken by. Xr. Pettigrew, X..LS., vice-president of the institution, vwho ras supported by Captain Scobell,. ALP., Mr. Tire, M., the Very Rev. the Dean of IAandadf, Mr. barkiand, F.R.S, IIr. Planche, &e.' -About 80 persons sat down to a dinner provided by Mr. Gibbs, confectioner, whieh, regard beino had to its price and to the fact that it was simply a cold collation i the natUre of a ddjcIhenr 4 lac fo.rcherte, gave very general dissatisfaction. The worthy chairman, however, exerted himself with great success to r4store good humour, and was so admirably seconded by the members for the borough -and the very Rev. - the Dean, who aDl bore the warmest testimony to the value of the society's labours, that the excellence of the speeches more than compensated for the sbortcomings of the repast, and sent the members, in the higheet state of satisfaction with their-esteemed vice-president and with each other, to the Literary and Scientifxe lutitution. Here-a numerous nd fashionable audience were wasembled, and-Mr. Tite, ILP., having been.votedinto-the chair, hr. P=6sonEwreadan interestingp.aper-onthapre7alence of yew trees inthe churcbyarda'ofsoimerset8hire; 'and on ether funereal emblems derived fromthe vegetable Jdngdom of nature. The lecture was listenedto witsgreat attention, and the gatification of the audience was ma'nifested at its close by much applause. Mr.BLAtse offered some remarks on the ancieuit hushandry of Dorsetshire and Devonshire, illustrated by the Ditee orsNormnan French treatise of Sir Walter de Henley. The meeting then resolved itself into a conresrazione, when tea and other refreshments were served. This morning the association proceeded to visit, in carringes provided for the purpose, various churches and other objects of interest in the neighbourhood of Bath. They first visited the picturesque churcrh of Widcombe, built by Prior Birde, -and proceeded to Prior-park, once the residence of Ralph Allen and of Bishop Wsrburton. Allen was the friend of Fielding, Pope, and Sterne, and also of Bishop Warburton. Fielding laid the early scenes of Tsom Jones in this place, Allen being the original of Allworthy. The estate has be until recentlyzsed as aRoman Catholic semnary, but- it is now in the market, having been put up for sale and bcought in, -Having enjoyed the magnificent landscape seen fro: Prior-park the party -proceeded to visit the celebratied Wansd3ke, a wvork supposed to have beea erected by the Celts or Bedgie pro. - ious to the -Reman inyssion. It consists of a dylceor ditcb, by the side of which is -lofty bank or valliu. The site of the cam-p was dearly pointed out by the Rev. H. M. Scartb, who read a paper upon the spot, embodying the results of ma-ucn patient and ingenious investigation. The nembers then, returmin- to their carriages, went to the pretty village of Bath-Edampton. The church is of the perpendicular period, and has an ivy-covered tower. The attention of the association was here directed to a singular statue, occupiyg a niche in the outer wall of the east side of the church This was conjectured to be the monument of a pcrest of tlihe th century. In the south porch are the dilapidated effies of a knight and his lady of the reign of Edward Ill. The characteristics of the church and its arehitecture having been pointed out by ir. effireys, the association divided mto two parties, one repaingo to BathHampton Manor to partake of the-hospitality of Mr. Shepherd, and the other crossing the ferry and repairing to the vicarage of Batheastbn, where refreshments had been -Lindly provided' by the Rev. Walter Moore. The of Batheaston was next visited. The tower is lofty and of flue proportions. The church contains a monument to the memory of the celebrated Anglo-Saxon scholar, the Rev. T. Conybeare (brother of the Dean of Ilandaff), vicar of the parish. A portion of the members then visted theBritish camp of Suisbury, while the cariagesskirting the hill repaired to Swainswick Church. fr. Jefireys again deseribed the architecture and monuments, and the association, after inspectung the exterior of the manor-house, in which William Prane was born in 1600, proceeded to LAngridbe Church. In this very small church, only 50 feet long by 18 feet wide a beautiful Anglo-Norman entrance challenged their admiration. Among the monumentsare the effi"y of a lad in the dress of the reign o' Henry I1L and a Yirgin and Child of still snore remote antiquity. The members al agreed in the value and interest of the latter relic, and will prohabl~y take steps, either by a plaster cast or by an illustration i their published proceedings, to obtain ths opinion of antiquaries upon the probable date of a work of art which may prove to be one of the earliest essays of English secuipture. The association next proceeded to lansdows, and surveyed the scene of the battle fought in 1643 between the Royalists and the Parliamentarians under Sir W. Wailer, in which Sir B. Greavile vw slain. A visit to the racecourse follo-wed, and the association drove into Bath after a delightful excursion. The read had lain among high hills, each with its distinet and extensivo view, audvalleys abo-unding in picturesque churches, villas, and Elizabethan farmhouses. The ride had thus offered an agreeable alternation of rock, wood3and,vale, and meadow, w/ith camps, chuirches, and other ohlectsof areh2eclogical interest. The weather was most favourable, and the excrsion worthily concluded a week of nsccL201ogieal visits which included many edifices of rare value to the antiquar~y and architect.- The eoncluding meeting of the association was held at 8 o'clock this evening at the Gnildhali, the mayor of Bath (Mr. W. Bush) in the chair. Mr. Tite having read a paper on the eomestic architeeture of the middle ages, the thanks -of the assoeiation were voted to Sir A. H. EUton and those - entlemen who had hospitablv entertained the association. Fe;solutions were also passed, acknowledgimg the kind eption given to the association by the Literary and Scikatide Institution of Bath, and a promise was nade to illustrate in thejournalsof theassociationsomeof theRomaniTem ins - discoverediathe city, whidic are more numerousandl'of greaterantiquarian value than those found in asy-cther placein England. The thanks of the assoeiation haaving been voted by acclamation to Mr. Pettigrevw for his sorices throughout the -congress, that entleman reviewed the 'laours of the Zassciation drng th wee, 'poiuting t the services it had been enabled to rendei 'to secienee, and acknowledging the assistance whic'nsit had received.frorn the loca! authorities. - lr. Pettigrew also expressed the obhia-tions which Archiedlogy owed to Mr. -Jobn Britton, and the gratification it gave lhim to see the veteran antiquarypresentunon the occaioi. Tnis allusion was loudly cheered by the - company. The MAYoR returned thanks for the compliments paid to the corporation, and eoxresaed his regret that the association had only been enabled to pass'twa days in the city of Bath. He trnsted that before long the assosiation would 'ee able to devote an entire week to the exploration and - 'examination of the antiquities of the country around Bath. The proceedings terminated about 10 o'clock. The roceedings of the association have beeni greatly favour 'by the 'weather. The county in which they have -Labored richly deserves the apiellation of the "pleasant. eountr,y," which was given to it by the Saxons, and some of the fairest landscapes. in iEnglana have been witnessed in exploring some of its most curious churches, &-. Among, - the excursions which wil not soon be forgotten, werethose to the ruins of the great' abbey of GlastQnbury, the hoble: cathedral of Wel,' Montacute-house; a stately and wellU preserved mansion of great antiquity, one of the most inthe-ting specilmens of domestic architecture in England, -Cevidon-house, the hospitable and picturesque seat of the :Eltons, and the excursion in the'neighbourhood of Bath, which was even more remarkable for the beauty and'variety of the scenery than for the interest aUtached to the curious churches visited in the route . Tne daty of presiding over the business of the' association devolved upon iMr. P'ettigrew, the vice-president and treasurer, upon' whom -a- unusual shase of lboour fell, 'in consequence of t-- e unavoidable absence of one or two of the officers of tho socidy.. Mr. Pettigrewv, however, displayed so much zeal and tact that he proved himself folly equal to the task throwtnfupon him, while his amiable and con-- ciliatory manner secured the pleasant and -harmoin6us working of the congress' He was ably seconded by Mr. Tlanchi, one of the honorary secretaries, whose intimaint -knowledge of hsaldr and of costume Zs of great service 'ii fixing the dates' of mtonuments' and sculpture, A-0d by ''hfr. W.H. LBIack, late of the Recordzofflce, paleographer to. - the cociety,' whose skldl in decyjsheiuigF the most obsbure - imneiptions and phtbehimi excited: the estonis7hmetof. - thos who wvere not prviouslacqunin'tod with-his itar:iug'-' ned attainment.s. -n the oxanhation of- the aisrious :churhes the memnbers?bnvo been ed ed!dbyMs^a. tilririell; -' -architect, of London, sund by Mr. Daiii>nd Mr JefhJeys. 7 of Bath. w7hilein the dxplanations of the v ue{sllrnsan;:d~ - tbher anclent cannpa the assciation- have -had tho advaut-ge rf Ur. Searth'a 'spebial acioaintznce vihli s suibJeC.au. the valuable essay and su&4estions of Mr. G. ' ore Irking. -o Lsosarks'ohire, ard the -ev. W,'JLnes, ef Bridgeg-ater.
THE CORY. TADE.. TIVEMRPOOL. AuG. 30. The returns of saes of British wheat, as per " Gaizette,"' for the week ending thoSld inslt.; MIe, 40,lS quait-era,' at - ie. 9d. Pe rqu.61tec.; car-' resaondlng wetk,iliS,'T,10t quadstera, at 7k. Tadpet qblartr; ditto,- corn has teen niaterially reencbd 'At tile sametutimwebave been 'exp0xt5nggackflourtopFrance, and wh6ae and Dediarccorfreto Bornsxgal, dan'cestojbedegkther avragequantit:;i; Thereowas, (nip a modeate atendnc of mAlles and -deiletrs a6t this flom¶ Exchange! esterday,. and,_ on the,3wholen a noBal larinqis3, merely:' resulted. Wheat emaId. to 2d.per bushel.aebe' et thqoTuesda. -Good brands of Americmnflour ct.nmaanded:Ulte rates.,bsit, generally, ,prices ere veryirregular for the lower de~s.iptions. irdian corn imProved about ad pier quarter, sAnd was a favourite article.; Egrptiga '-beens hat per quarter hgher. Fell prIe-l for oats bazley,peas, oatMeal &.c., The weather inc bettertQgday, with the beneld'.of a strong, cool, and drying wind. Prxices extreme, and tendlency'owdshge quotations NTOTTINGHAM, Ave. 10. Daring yesterday and to-day there was beautiful 'sAtiater for- tbe gteigof the hnTiers, and great progreas is being.-ae'nti cesentintoperation. ~ ae'nti Ath.-mar,~ttb,:moruing therewasagood sho-wef eldWheaterram t'he farmers; fine ramioles told at a decline of 2s. per qurer nfro qualities were neglected. A good many parcels, of naer wheat Wer sold at front ls. to 7TSc; they wero all moro 'or less sIr outied. - The hizh price of new barley pAevents esles, a few lute ma.de from 4sa. to She. In Osta and' beans there was no alteration. The present Price of grain andI flonr re as follow:--Wheat, whit, T7ie, to Sts. per 36 clone; red, 70s. to I8da; burlay, for melting, 4ie, to 5Os, b(e quarter ; for grInding, 4k. to 4hs, per 10 stenoe ; o-tig 3ic. to 3&s. ; be-ans, 9 ate fda floor, supe, SOs, to 6in, per 20 stone; fins, 50s. to LBICBSTZlt, Ave.. 30. Thisweek the we3therhasbeen changeable, with alas'temperature. agoolbreadth ofwhelahsabemegut, with a~promfee 'if a aislecrop. YesterdaytL-eweather became fine, andeontinaues setti!d. Vpont'-e besteroll somnaof tha crops of wheataore. very latrge, and with favou-rable weather for reping would produce eXCeodio2gly weIll ~ Sance iojorybastaeendone hytherairs bothto wheat and barfley. In somb,e mieans general, and, although there- haLs idea agbod'deollmdre.spect.- ing theoearsabeing only partially flleelshould the weath',' onlyheln~o. favoicaablefore-eaa,ton there te;net mnuch doubt that the tieldof wseat wil be an average. Somej of the crops aroxusgulifleent lanednow~~tai an. Immenre breadth isreadyfor the sickle, euifticienct-h2f ce li ardly be procured. The priceof labour,is very high. From ICr. tot4 Ike- acr loconsideredena excellent price; but in one iustmaceo IhaV:ha's coins' to knLowledge Ba. per acre wan asked for a good. cron.' Some barlIey has been lAi 'and otherwise inured. The 'crops on the best soils orTe, however, good, with a small breaLdthz planted Some fair samples of new have been sold lit this: markect. In someplacesblightinsnoticed, but thinsdoesnoteonceto~'eaygreht dxtent. Oatsame aboittan average yleld,,'aud lose injury has :been so?e tained by thin description of grain thian either barley or wheat. Beasa wse a very good crop, bob there- in rather under ar average planted Turnips bavelhad enough of moisture, but are lookinig on the whole well, anfipronmisea gooderop. Thew~ttwea%ther terathe!r agInst thi potato crop, and dliaeaso in now more spoken of ;, the saenl;lea. howev~r, at market are good. Fat stock has this week realised gMA prices. At our maket, with a goodsupp)ly, beef maade7. 6d. tois.11d. per stnon mnutton, fWI. to Md. per-pound. . ' At this mornling's market the wheat trasde was quiet, and los wiiekh prices were supported, new samples selling at Lie. to 7S& Per quartir. Good samples of new barley reaizedt 50.. to 5s.n per qussise-. Tn ostec there was no alteration; the new parcels that were offeredweri ao,, floe, Bean)s-neintainedlastweeWespricqa Whitvrewea,SOs,toOl3s..;' red,7ia-to TOs.;barley, SO.toils,; oats, SOs.to3is.;bmans 50s.to, 5s. per quarter. Fiedn- S. eod,5. hrs i,pee-sack of 20 stone. At Melton Mowbray, with a email supply, wheat was. Ss. 'pe' quarte- dearer. Other kinds of ge-sin without ailteration_ At Market Harborough wheat advanced Is. per quarter. Barley vaus the turn. i.her-. In oasl and beans no alteration. At Leughbcroughwbeatwas Si. per quarter higher. Oasl and beans were Is. pee- quarteedearer. DERBY, Auo. 30, Sinrethe lostreport a large breadth of wheat and basiley has been' cut. The weather has been, however, at !intervals nfsav`Durable, and farmers express themslves very anxiously for the safety of the crops. A gloriouschanage, baowever, took place this Morninog, and the weather appears tattled. The harvest is general, bulAt there has sot been -an Much corn led as would have been the ease with finercrather. -A' 1 'rge breadth is nowv dead ripe nnd every hand that mun be procured I- wanted. Wheat in many Parts hias sPseute'lI, and soime appears of indifferent colour. The crop wil yield aLbout a. average, tho bresdth of wheat being lareer than in preceding years., In ths north Of the county there are some good crops, and cutting c,ommenced, only a few dais ago. Barley is an ulneven =op, on som., fields the yield will be very abandant, while upon les farotured -solls the crops are thin. InL the neighbourhood of Chesterrel-i toe-Icy isa good crop, but not, fine. However, there will, no dlutbt, beo sme good samples gathered. Oasl are variously spoken of, and will Prove nEarlY an average crop. There is an excellent yield of beans, The weather bras been favourable to the turnip snip, andi this uncef vegetable has greatly improved during the last fortnighit. potatoes areytelding well,although inzomeceases diseased. There has been this week a slight advance on the price of fat stock, At our maarket, with a good supply of boasses, beef mado. f-id. per lb.; sheep were an average showr, anid mutton realized 6ld. to I d. Pee-lb. At this corn-mar-ket ye-sterday wheat was in fair suPPly, and sold at a trifleover the rates oflast wee, --the best white samplesm uraking al3,' andredlS. per quarter. Barley wasthe turnhigher. Oslo fully supported last week's prima. In beaus there was no alteration. W-hite wheat, SsU to SIr. ; red, 78a. to SOn.; Oats, 3D. tu 3sk.; beans, 4ie, to 5's. per q uarter ; flour, 50s. to I1s.; superfine ditto, 5s. to Ifs. per 20 stone, 'NO,THAMWPTON, AVG. 10. Harvest operations have been rapidly proceeding, although the weatherat the commencemnent of the weekwase not so favourable asceoold have been desird. A change has, however, taken Pines, a-nd it is now flee. Farmers complain of the injury wh ich wheat is Illesly- to sustan ro te at, oA i i hpe tei far ae ceouda.A good dent has srouted, which will not esly deteriorate the qLuality, but rendLer It unfit for grinidisg for a considerable time. What has been already cut will produce- about an average, and, taking wheat generally, a yield to this extent may be calculated. Dry weathier in now the only thing wanted, and if it shoudi set in the injury dune wil nit bo found so general as isimagined. Moisture'was wanted, as the wheat wasi lipening tea rapidly. There in no douxbt that the barley crop has been damaged from the samne enuse3, and, indeed, te a greater extent them wheat; it is in 'consequence, rapidly rising in price. The griai bras sprouted, and isolbaedbcleur. Inusome parts this is more general than in Chers, OatswIllpIcInd nirl$-an average. Beaus acesgood crap, and at pro- kmt theroe ~rnoreporte ofblilght. Mansold ana turnilps were looking, remarkablyvwellat thecomrnen&eznent of the week, bas.ingtbeen greatly~ beliefited by the rains. Plotatoes are spoken of as slightly diseased. L.aboure-rsae-very much required, and excellent wages are given.. There is no alteration in the price of fat stock. At Peterborough, with agood supply of beasts, beef made7is., 9.to8is.persto,ne, Sheep wvere nuimerous, and mutton said at Td. per lb. At Our fate- there was, a good supply, and beef made 4s. 6d. per SIb. At this cern-market to-day white wheat soldI at Su., and redl at 7Ie. per quarter. Barley was unchanged in value. The best qualities of oasl made Via. per quarter. Beans fully supported the quotatiosm of lsstweek. Whiteowheat, 7ikto Os. ; red, T4n. toTes. ; barley, Ida. to152a. ;oats, 28s. ta3sk. ; beane, 2s. toI4Ts.;rnalt, T4. to'TSs. Po quarter ; flooar, SOs. to SOsa. per 2O stone. At Dlaventry wheat Wa sk. Per quarter dearer. In barley no alts,rstien. At Rugby there was ani advance of So. per bag in wheat, At leightoni Buzzard wheat was 2r. per load dearer. Other sorts af grain about as last week. LINCOLN, AUG. 10. The weather has been showery during the week, but a large quantity of corn has been both carted and cut. On Friday thu barometer rose considerably, since whichi the weather bhs been.very fine. Notwithstanding thu vast amiount of rain 'which fell a fortnight age, the 'reportsfrom many districts arersatisfactory. in soue places there has doubtlcisbeen damage dune to the wheait, but, in many others, the injury sustained is very slight. In the, neighbourhood ofT Brigg the h-larvest was retarded by the stormy weather, but nothinz serious in 'apprehrnded. This weeks h,arge breadth of cern has fallen bentith 'the sitlbe and sickle, andl some has been carted well. In the district creund Bmostn the brisk winds have been of great service'i-a the crop; which slresely began to sprout. Should the weather continue finethl; harvestwdibegotininfair condition, and 'the quality of the graIn, wrillibe good. From the nelghbourhood of Grinsaby the ac~oon:ist arealso favourable ; little damage in yet dens,i and the crp r god Around Stamford a large breadth, has been cleared in satisfacctory condlAtien. This wveek the showers have done no harm, having been accompanied by brisk winds. Some specimens of sprouted wheat have been exhibited, but most of the, crops axe well ouared, and indicate about. an average yield. Frrais th&- district ariound Spalding, amcounts areleasssatisfactory. A vi.stquantity of cornhas been laidlthis weet 'which had been in sheaf far a considerable thus, thed consequence being that sprouting has taiken place; and the wheat i'se good deal inmlurd A large breadthsatM remains uncut, alt o.f'which' is deadripe Diflliculty is experieneqd iirprocumin, hands, 'madVoicellinut wietio are given. Thin yeas thuo num'ber of Irisa reapera thtat havae visited this county in small compaycd with former idiaidli ad4 now;, after the 'harvest has been checked lhythe rains, harids set required In all parts TIhe accounts respeictingzthe barley crop vary; lest, on the whole, are hiot unfavouarable. There: can be no douabt whatever 'thact fife siain haTe done harm, and that many inferior samnplesc wil be ibanterd_ The eat crxops wre uneven ; on good soils; they yield well, b-at be indif-. ferent lands thecmops wilibe small. Beans havreuciformslyprojeressea well, and will prome an excellent crop. Tucrnipscand manngold ane looking vigorous, the moist weather beteg favourable totheirgrowth. The postures are looking exceedingly rich. The price of fat stark bas this week improved. At P'artuey feir beasts and siheep were in goo'd supp)ly, a-udexcellent',pricca'we0ob tained. Beastemade Ta S. to is. 9d&ar stone-;and multc.n. ipdelb. Good lambs sold at 2S& to Ba3. each; and drape ewie-, dIalj~ 45a. At Newark; with a good supply, beef real ised is. 6,. todapDerst6ne; and muttonT Lid. to 7el, perilb. At dorbpy fair ttxere war a better np 'pip than usual, and meated beassts and incalvers met with a readysBile at improvedtrates, tile 'latter making from LI4 to £22 each-13n imtmense Price. At thin corn-marnet yesterday wheat, w4hich wa in faiks,ipiy, made 2s.per quarter More Money thanu loatweek, thne best -white sam-' Pleamaking SOs., and ded TOe. pettuarter.- BarleY Was fully iS blibE as last wceek. In oata therec was not mn uc'h alteration. Braus rosinJ taineed the quotationis of last triek. Pie -ht wheat, SUs: toSb. ; red, Tie. to Te.;s oats,bs to 31g.per quarter. At Gahinaorough wheat was3ha.per quart~er dearer. Oslo and beans sold at LAte prices. At Loath wheat odvancued2So. per qunrter. Other soats of grain unchaLnged> LAt Burton tihexe was a rise of 2s perquarter in wrheat. Oasl viere Is., and beaus la.'to 2se 'Per quarter dearer. At Lyokn wheat waith1i torn de-arer; tome samaples'of, now realised tram ML. to 7in, per' quarter. XCw be-Ar aoln'e quarter. At Newark wheat *as a to-4s. perqearterde- Sprin com was the tuon higher. AtSpalding wheat made I& par quarter more money than last week; very little dong in other eort3 of grain.- -At Alford wheat was 2s, pei quarter higher. At Market Rasia wheat advanced ls. to2s, per quarter. DONtCASTER,; AuG zh. There has oeen since last Saturday a great deal7 of very b3d hoe-vse, weaber ;in faot. up to yesterday an almot- incessant ren, 'which' entirely suapended the catting andleasdetg of grain Dl tis bism ueeate &istrict. Yesterday and to-day, however, A warnu sunslhe aud i de' dsinj bikeizdhave enabled th farmers to make considerable progree3 inthe secusiugof their crop,, and they have not been slew to avTathemscelve of thu favourable opportumity thurafforded. Alltheufleld handsthatcouldbe obtained have been pot on, as welllas3 allthedemistic teivasts, inaoleaud female, of our asixiok agnricultei3ts, and .inaany cases the leading of-corn has boeen aarriel ontluillr the.- resterpaste last. night as; weU as3allye!terday and,0-C-la It isnmany year sirue so great .a necessity was felt'for lirompt indctive, zesertionls, andiome ot thuolder:farmers.ere<temtoded ot,thoyeirilote harvest wozk had to be carried on for four;flve,ardsIx dvaysi and nights in -uatcrrsptcd& urcms,ok, sail witbout so? rarre oF- 'ten pr hores. A- -considerao euautlty of grin; 'wasenCUt inU the early part of t'he week, particularly,on,lTigeay,- when'the weather bightcend up a little, but on0ly, a.. tery-. rMail proportion of thits was got into the stacaryard, end the rest ha alisProted in theBar to agreater orlcsj extent; some of the'estozk5 teitugfsztenedtothegroundhy the'newvc5'etataon~. Notwithstanding. Ibisbadapperane o tbingM however5j ibs. herd the dlamage done. wil not be so gre&ata rhikzhtlh%ve been eruxpectget The sproute6 -it is beiJved,willwben dry bleira*ay;%waththe chaff in dressIng the wet sotht te g inillb ony ssnehavdmlrnlshed-ni quantity Arid' nut deterlGrated i qaur4ty.~ ZThbseck6aps 'wich -Are, y'et uncut have nOw, for the most part, stood so long that thrip die' begInning to sbed their ganfrOm'Oyier-ripeneA which winol fourse detract tram theo yield., Ina tonLto thia b1igbtlsvc*PeltjetJA staiGdg the crolis onthinandpoor soils. On theotyherbhand sunme of' thelimestone and wereagrownin thoseedisrain Upon the. who:er; theLthbeat in 4his immzediate n'e"hbourhool wv.ill be very various in 'quality, ahdd perhaps hardly up :to the average in' quotlty, Barley, -ryeM aud bate have suffered similaly to -whleat, hat general lyspeok-3 inz barley will aliobr ak goad.-ample. Prm' Barons;, leis stated that -the wheat, though a great, desl damaged, -wit, not, ;be' so ad s ws fare, ad wth fpvnrelo laSerhenreforwaTd will notleae uchgrondforcomlant;Bareyis reorted to he jo6il thaha ben ron henfo sme eai POfptte great fears aren unde thlat tant I th ditrit ofWaiefllfthe crepe look doll, and itbis fearsdthat those in the lowlss,ds wil be greatlyr diceinished in quantityv. To the nurthofi the wiet Biding, ieryji4ttle perigreos has been made with hasrvest operstl6zins,bet the reports rxe moreebeetibig The grain: croP a i th6&icighb, ouhoob of Bridliapton' arojaid to be. vecrygood,thaough pottobs ae'showlingyympltorseof Aisesse. Prom RipenX the teports are Gn -the whole favoUrable..- Balls white turnips and ewede present ani e-rordiari'ly fine appearance nearly all over; the exceptions betng onlyAcomaparatively few iuatauiea whertee laud is. subjoct to the disese called'11.ingers and toes." PEddishineabundant bothieeds ofddoId~ra having dedriedgreat benefit Tk ,the recentrains. The reports -oa othe large p0mbt distrit in their of 'Aiholufe state thnt the disesbe in t'hat plant is sprpading. -The continuous *eat weather has created arfeeling,of uueectnersa z advance in the value' of wheat millers ha--' -"- 'their br-sirases tothesmalleatpsircels. Mikinuls -of spring-. h'os,. lusomo instatreralittle dearer. Athizerle vhrews,onlyimnal -1g' ofol te t, r fi 5ptitbl.in'got sepe'tnr.Hlesdasth6vad lsbwesk'e into; bet the wriather being eauchx msoret.vo&Ud, hby-erg bought only spara~ly oddmossreat~saderk&bi weVaraies, Vely. 1ittledoing in old harlot; sevejal lotsofnskwetb;wirarhs deoldwlta 'otes.per'quarter. accossling 'to quCia~f Ina bMeisandlositme trade was tether brisk', and prired wtre'~ little hiher. iloees: nrae quooted to-day sas followis-:~Old telicat, 265. to Lie, per thrpo imperial Ibushels;1 fine, 31In, to 334; nest wheit, 2Bs. to, lOsH. fists, ll&c.- 6&yXe, Inew rests S0a. to 32s, per qimarter;,old oats, 28.. to 34s.;, grinding The cattle. markets twig waEk1av ee.tolerably welisupplied wit - bDth bedf and mutton, b twithoutssy redertionin price. WOBOETBISE Ato. SiD. An implortant change for the bettor has ta%ken place in, the weather stbcethe losqt report' The' beavy rain'wbhcithal fallnmihi40wq4 'wirote, accomPaiiiectby warm " mnky"I weather, tad caused both whceat and barley to sprout aflt'stbod in'thdfiesl, and the start seri-ous_ apprehensions wer enlertdincd -as t6&l,.hb consequesces -of & con. tinuanroe of wet weather. 'The§e have, -howeever, happily bees n a tntl measur removed 'sy the Change which baa taeneuplac within £ helact tfew days. There Iss o w fin e dry*weather, which the'far,Mj.e profiting by late experience,aetknoslasstg f n ra quantity ofbarley, wheat, and beans has been ihtdinasci~o Soens of the new wheat comres to marke t in bad rendition; but 'althanlh there wh ine doubt be a good deal Or inferior corn to cell, there will be do materia lees in bulk, should the present fine weatherJai,t anotBer toeo which there Is newr every Indic-tion willbe the case. I The Mnarl,-et to-day McITed 'a! Cheek, anUdenllyfine, w1eil-condlt,ened samples of wheat mint.ained last weks'srates. Englishvwhite wheat, andgrinding,15s.4d.tore, Bd.'perbushel; bDeaus, Ga. to Ga.3d.per bushel ; nglish ots, 4z.to 4a.3dl, sad Irieb3;'le.9d,to4s. per 39thb Iast Worrester averages :-Wheak £3 ig;, barley £C2 ES.fid,; Pnd teann. £2 GesP. SLper imperia quarter. '' Eiddermninstermsrkect on - Thurslay was but scantily sulPplies, and' c.ieswezr2'isperecuarter higher than inst week., Little alteration in othesr grain. At Bromog,rove old English wheat sold at P,2. .to 963.6 per Glirb.; ankd new, 65.44. to Ba. 10:; -nailting barley, Ge, 3d.to Ga. 6j. per busbel; 'bens ISS. d.t'DolPs. per I0 annr; 0at.se 5. tel174. pr E ight mosre:'peas, li, per 10 seers ; and rys. 5g. Gd. per bushel ;vek6-7, Ps. toS3. per bushe-l; fleeLr, 2&,'Od.to 3g. per l4lb. . At Bromagrove fair the show o)f cattle and siheep was limited, sand tie (emanud was filly'eqnal to the supply. Pigo weea maore abundant sad prices easier. Beef G{d. to Gild ; and mutton, 6jd, to 7d. p'er lb. The hops are making favor, able progress, and the Worcester duty s. estimated atg£600 to £lltl. GLOCYBESI, AtmG. 30. There have been again fre avrivals Of foreign grain into Glocester, A mnore steady trade has been neliceabla to-day, the fears of last market. daylsavingsubetded. Wheat wasnot rodle, but,fromthewi~de arails tion in the samples, prices had an extensive range. English irhs's, 5e. Gx. to 9so. Ed., sand red, Ba. to 9s. per bushel; 'American, is. Pd to So 6d. per Glib. ; Ghirka, Ba to Ss. Gd.; Oalt2t; i. 6d. to S ; Ibrei,, 7s. 6 . to 95. 31; and hard1 Rusrsian,B.toW Ba. Gd, per &ib. madi n3 ceorn, 4s. Gd. to 4s. 161. per 60lb. White Oats, 2Ts, to l2aper quarter; gray, Lie, to 25s. and Irish, ITs Gd. to 23s. Gd. Eoglish beans, Ga. te, Ga. 3d. for old and 5ls. 6d. to Gs. per buarbel for niew. Good'bollisgpe; Ots. to 503. per quarter, and' grinding, 4ls. to eta, un ir, 54.to-s65 sack. SF At Cheltonham mark-et, on Thurrsday, the attendanss~ was emat', and price must- be quoted is. per quarter higher for whieat than On tLLt day sen!ught. B~arley in slowrequest-go0d metiUng,lS3. to S2r, tend grinding, 4Is, to die,per qnarter. 'Oats,scarce, andlIa.to2Scper quarter dearer. At Desires market thenewas agood supply of wheat, which realized folly late rates. Some new exhibited orainfisircoend!. tion, but the greater part was of an inerior quality, Best w;heat, l6s. to M9s Gel, per sack, and second quality. 280, to M4s. ; some new barley was shown-prices, 5Ste to I2la.; aindseconds1, SI, to ISo, Persacik; vetches, ISo tolls.%: fleer, 51le, to Msa. per sack; and best- bread Sc 44. per 8th. At Cireniester a ready sale was exPerienced for aUldescrir. tiora ofwheat at an advance at 2s. Perq(uarter over the currencies of that day sen'nisht. BarleybeigTvery ecarccomrsndsextrezie'raees oats in short isupply, and 2s, per quarter dlearer. Tewkerbury markcet was thinly attended, and little alterauoio In price. 'White wrhet, Is.,Gd. toSs, 6d., and red. is, Pd. toS0s.; maltinghbarley, e,& &('th r,6360 and -grinding, 5s. to 5s. 6d, ; oats, Ss. Gd, tots.; beans andl peas ,Ga to Gs. d. per busL,eL, -CHELISFORD, Area. 29. The harvest hash een going on very actively in this county through. out the week, and a ver~y large breadth -of- grain has been got up in good condition, veryliUttle of it hasiuk cuaffered from sprouting. The farmers being thus employed have ngridcted maktiganinmost of the other districts of the county. the supisolhetbb on small. At this Market to-day, haoe,thr a go hwof samples orthe ilew crop, but ceme of them wee nt in good conditio., and were not taken off freely. To effect soeles rreductions had e to b submittedito, end the quotatiens wrere loweredl full 2s. per quarter for all descriptions of thiss grain. The best white wheat was 8sa.; red, 7Sc Peasand beans were quito as dear. Yesterday, at Sudbury, the newviwheat offered was in soft condition, ~and Uitile was sold ; for Old wheat prices wrere a shade lower. White 72s to SOs. ; red, 6te. to 745z. In the other markets of Suffolk, on the same day, Prices were rat1her lowrer.. At Woodbridge the net' whea was by no means HIn a satisfactory statefor use; it sold at W&s to 7is At Stowmarket the asniples of now wyheat brought 7iSc to 710, Tire Millers bought sparingly. In Hests late quotatiOns have beent barel9y susataned, At Bithop~s Sitortford wheat, both old and new, was Is, lower. NORWICHf, AreG. 30. Thevweather has heppily, undergone a change during the last five r six day-s, and the reapers have been busily empiloyed-sieshont tnterr.rpties). The result has been that gret rrogrisa has been madeinse-urmn-, wheat and barley, w,hich on the whale has been harvested in tolerable 'condition. The potato blight ha- appeared in rome districts. The favourable change in the weather has depressed the local mnarketsi. At these held earliest ini the week pricer bad an upward teedency, but with esery a-tditional flue day they 'have exhibite les firmness. Here to-day thene was a fair supply. of newis heat, rind the transactions whirls took placewerescado at agreat reductloii, generally s.tated atGo,.to Scper quarter, Some samnples ofnew barley appeared, and, the condition being good, commanded high ratea. TXhe bari-y season has, however, not yet commenoed, Wheat, wim (weighisig Glib, to Glib, per imperial huishell, iSc to its.; ditto,red (weighing Glib, to Glib.), MG, to ifs. per quarter.. The shew of store cattle at this day's maiket was saShes' shadr, but there was a bettor attendance of boy-era and the businets done was at ratersfully equalto theseo'btainedleast week. Theocoploes rains which fellafewdayssiucegreatlyimprovedtheeturips add root craps be2 which the grainer depends, and wxith better pros.pects of feed there is naitunily agreate~rteudeneytonspeculation. Thiesheep pens w6rewell filled, eud the best animalsamade Previous rates-2is. to 40s. per head, ,according to age, quality, and condition-but the business done in inferior and mid,dling kinds was more in favour of the purshaer, sadi 'aclearance waruot effoted at the close of the market, Lambs, IS?. to db. per head. in fat stock busines was brisk, and both beef and ,mutteu.madeSs. toS G d. per stoneof iLObs.; perk,It, 7Gd6. t,Sc per Same quatity, At King's Lyunn. on Tuesday, business was quiet, qt presious ratea. -CA2IItIGI ~ Auo.~ 50. There isa delightful changeli the weather to-day,with an indication, of its being mnora settled. Harvest' operations have pro;eedtd .tolerably wellthisweek, Iand a large breadth of cern,hshs been cut, sub a considerable quantity also led, 'laDucerasare, 'ho.et'evkse-ard,and just now, as a good deal of the coralis deed ripe, the wcifclty'is 'felt very much, It is thought it will turn out that the continual and' heavy stormishave done less damage than was anticipated. Many qf the crops which reo newr being garnered wre very heavy and appear in excellent condition; thenreare numbers: of in~stances~ wvhere the grain has sprouted, but this to bj~ no meansa general, atndthe coldness of the weather has in a great sijeasure chekekd'this disasterv. BesIdes, during the past 11 duys thene have been fine drying' wvin&ds wailch have proved very beneficial to the craps. From mobs 'iitriets reportis ametolesablytavourable, and'shouild the favonrabl'6 weathe~ uriw experlencel continue the great bulk of the harvest will be cleared. 'Wheat wil prove about an average yield. -Upont superior sells the enisnare very heavy, hat upon lli-farmediaadapioportion' atelylight. The accounts respecting the harleyWcrdOp ar& variable';, in someplaces the jals cars are very numerous, 's,ud bar arago is allthat can be fairly estimated, Oats are also anunoven crp,an *the yield wil be about the same as barley. Turnips leeok well, as also d4oes matug0ld, the rains having Proved of the greatest; service. Itt' ports cofitinue to prevail of. the potato diseas'e, which appeam to be spreading, Then is, hLowever, an abundance of 'excellenit 'quality at thens. markets, whichx In soldi at a reasonable Prm. Pat stock commands gooq Drices. At Ely,with^' fear supply of sheep. mutton realized 4s. 6d, to 4 101 per Slb. Cow stock commanded a ready sale. At thiscorn-market wh7eat w in tolerable supply, and good white' samples realized M, and red 7it per quarter.r Barley, both old and new, .-In moderate supply, and the turn dearer. In oats then was no alteration. Beaus xatained last week's rated, White wheat, 745. .to 7c; red. 22r to73M. barlO746. to o oa;4ts, 126to 32 peas, t2s, to ts, per quarter.'- - AtBoystonwheat solI at lastWee's 'prices, theb'cest white samples m3aking 46b. per load, At Stl Neot's w.heat realized flly the rates ot hatweek. lanhrleytherewas noalteratlon> AtE3y fasm-s asked higher prices but buyersawould not purehaae-for.mrerosneythas, 'LIst week, which was accepted,- Stiae the latd rept the weather has undergone a change And hba tpea more open, but still the showers have been so frequent -a to, render it posbtleior the fmers to do only littl towardsgatbering in heir cros. Ifornmaiou from various quts goesto showvtrtbt,i-athe laat weekof the very hotweathers great breadthofitsob' ss tu,Afid m-any Anrers being'anrious to employ nearly all t hirstrengh with the sickle, bad suMceA in csn7ingrbst a wiall snr- jiortlon uSto'thendlghof thse 16&hiniSckst, whssths 8 hange oecurrdE, brfionllhllts4oebln rain ;iq'tha't avstnntofcoas tasding 1 Iubelaln there i was epse to the elrenebing ulasers. 'oe , result of thlsbasbepdPoi to:=ea i 5 'saeid culai.lo.;~ j:st- i t t thecorn r u d agai,' thud fuliy -cbnfirmilu breI&sZouO-acrnt&- Simo Wednfd any VricU; baye I 16ebbul1 but their apperano indicaes the straw to be uch d'| - celoered. and wherS any has been e h u pie 1b greatl' affected and the weight to be Unisuall light, Whof3el dis of harley hare suirered from the grain aho3(iii-out afresb. aud ramptee hive been hown in rhfch. t'e value as depreciatedjl11iOs. peeqoarter. 46 rp aro still'iece 'i-ea tlw,fmirovemneat i theoterop6 andtofthe feet.syprp attlefecd 'The o-market to-day.wi6 uot quite so hbJ.lysppliidwith whEeat ael;setweek, mauyfaitinersbeinginduced ta axail themselvas of tho improved ahite of the' wrestherto 'gather ir r ehi of thcli qrspds emained in the field. The Mampler o; new whe&t pitcheef for sele were gencrallyof iuferior- quality and. thisrcitracoin coabijned. ith the fact of therqbelng a laera antiyy& et unocured had a t- den6yto nike holders opei btMin&by delnnadivs anaevanffon1lit weekhs crrencies for the old quAlit kisdeuchof Ithannwash4noa been sobi edfitothelates sfavousableTali. Theroea1nen,hviagnore eooddense than the-bfrmers wa50o the bcuidYate batte of the Loecioqp sseuld-not yield to the -dmaM-ac 1iis cead'tradet6h t e little duDL -Holveverl tho latter Sa,b nentl giie a; an& while' oldwrheatsid.tbbeetdr;quatisof newresaltz6ithefull teruis or -lat rarfet the -inferosr samples o2n.ew oouli arJy bo disao*ed of oat a dedine' of -about %3 and even' mor- :e qarteg Tise bet doscription% of old&'ubite wbeat tetcbodfis.n .- to lSa.- £econd-MyA1 62& to t60L;iDd red wheat, beet1ote, 70i to 76 mIddling, Oda. toiOs 70perrquarter. TeIe new Vried so inuch lXi3ity that pziS ranged frosa g55s' to82 Vooia. v1-reqned r seed fetkhed gmucha . per gunrter.' The ganl *erebetter £liled wwi barley tbh fosor o mseWeeka presionly fd, a trAde wra 7 in a oIeaisb Etate ,xriee decUn'edLa to 2p Per nart- ' i-'r Iemand enased fQr 0a4 which appeared tolerably pltife ' cee were Tasiy Iw.o to nT.; e hlA from 26e. - - ntjurter Vex few oew beans on offer, -rad- reit-- rve fror5 .'. 0e and 2 r. quarler. being a tifl-e hldsrtnn awwe. ago.C.eeaie n antition, and.eia rot-alter lFlgss -1X7:eckFvere boit6 3in qer i nt r dsate A fshe pricr .raelr;ae m 431e 'tai per qguar -r Theo kthfoTiovturha beenlessaffeetea th antiripatel bj tha J:rSo'. of the newr-cp otwheat, andtheDreaitne are5 houe * ho:de.-6ce. d eou3ds 603. iertock*. t Tie Isatweek bl ag61wwitaiesed an incresod range of piQr it thgCtrF0trmar Aroundhe=c.- On:Meday, .tt..bingdoo farmers rocceeede.SinbtainingSs toZ r qiuarermtier rtheirewbeat. At lUnnrerfor0au4 B aing;4 ok Ph Wnedue&c,' t!here an adanc 01:o 2a 3o 43. At Wentare. Alo, .there was an ncrease reiizsed. O' Th-sday. at Ne0wbiy and Heley-oMlaTsne. bi.Va-Wa1tin* ford, on T'iday. S.U, andat i9hWicomb 3 -3e. to j4per l.uei1.4, hig,er At Eat hiaey sheep mr on T-eadaibefetrchelu hgh prises but tho tradeinother sheep* heaTy and cbeaper. ~~~ ~- DUSYg ALro. 23._- he weather-here isuncertain,but'onthrwhole .ayonrablefortbe harvest.- xuemarketto.dayv wo ylwibttaprc3eof teidhf rer uaiWneanfor gldiwheat and oats. For new.j;raii fa desdripti46s higher=teewere demanded early-in the day. but the market closed heas4il for everything,lo must zsport caiad, ra7weedic rad bere is.IandI.Odilower. No alteration injthe vlre-otmnewvwheaat or ba.leq. There w.sa trifig deaXnd for lndian corntat auadvynceoof Du pesqparter. - ' - Wheat (white).. 40 °to 4 .- 0 'ere6(nw) 19 0 021.a ~Wheat(redj -.. 38 0-~l9.O Oatmeal.. ..14%'O 16 04 RM."Im 35 0 -3 t P.aPeoeed . 32 0-3G 0 Barey knew) 94 0 0-250 -Bal-erse.lour .'22 -8-227 -0 Oats(old) It*! 1 0-168 0Indiancorn,461b.3... 0-35 0 Ditto (new) . 33 1-3-58 3 RIeturn of Cont and Oatmea Sold and Delivered it Dubin Corn- Ex efor tb. Wee endinrg Aur.t - s
i7VAZ3,VPM E OF THE IQYA T, A:MYI2Y OF V77U J1'1I Zok0o1., SO-TAMPTOIT, AUG. 31. 'eho oex-Qeen of Oade and the heir apparent, togettll 'with their vatire suite, seudenly left Southampton last night for London byispecialtrain. t was not un1A the middle of yeWfttday it became kmown that the !epart ur of this illustrious family was so near, a. -the time of their intended removal wvas carefully conICa1ed to prevent if pose sibleFtwconfusion arsig from unwarrantable curiosity. iDuTne, the whole of the day the native attendants 'wae busily rngaged in pacldng up the great quanSties of baggage with which they are accompanied, lnd early in the evering a number of vehicles accu-! mnlated in the front of the Royal York Hotel for the purpose of conveying them and their goods to the railway s`ahtion. A concoucse of persons was of course attracted to the spot, and long before the time apPointed for the leave' taking that portion of the High-street facing the Royal residencenw literally blocked with spectators. The natives teemed greatly to enjoy the necessaryepreparations, and, lthough there were sfsent cabs alled into requisition to Isupply eadc one nith Ainside berth, ye t the roof of the vehicles seemed to be the place= ected in p meferenoe to the more retired acomemodation in the interior. One cab sueneeded the o r dowthe Here-street, in raid Sl' ccession, each conveyig oen its roof cne or more of the Oriental wisitors, who, as they passed through the streets to theo railway, made signs ind Cxete their farew ell. At the rail-wao station everi przer erane nt was made for the -coomfortabledaparturo othe royalparty. -Eor thetine bein the general public were not aduit-ted, athougha few friends receaved the pivilege. Her a tasin, consitin of two rfrs, twofsecond, and ona third Clss carriage, was provided the inferior domestics, together with the cppurtenaces of thze Royalestablshnent, werefirstto arrive,wrch having been disposed of, thie Princesses speedily followred. Thins w-ias the signal for the re.nuuc to display trenathre of their duties, and, having equested the spectuators to make roomp, the lades "closy veiled," made their baarce, ind wero ushered into their carriage, the blinds of which were immediately drawn, the et erior from that momont being carefully guied. The "ladies? of the harem, with Their heas also ently covered, next arrived, and were eated in an similar manner. These, however, we r less carefle of their privacyf, for uoa heisg seated the curthins which had previously totally excluded them from the gaze of the spectators were slihtly opened their curiosity to witness the excitement which prevailed evidently overcoming a p roper campliance wsth the customs of their race. The Kings brotherend the Hei--Apparent, accompanied by an equerry, occupied a c ompartment to ahemse ves, andwhen all hadt aried an intimation was made that the Queen was near at hand. Hier h iaeeta with the greatest caution, and pcerfectly secluded from tew, bad been placed in a carriage at the York Hotel, the large gates of which asslistd materially in preventing the obtrusive agre of the bystanders. At the station, however, matters erre different, and Mr. Brandon requested that thecplatformsoldbe entirely clearedof everyomerson beyond himself and the native attendants. This arrangement Mre Watkins, the superintendent, very properly declined, and several suggestions werez made as to the best way by wlhish iher Majesty could be placed in the carriage unprofaned by a single male eye. The removal oe the lamp from the roof of the carriage was the first step taken. The curtains of the windows were ihen carefullyexamined, and the vehicle containing this curous specimen of Eastern royalty was drawn up at the outerdoor. The aniety n of theenuchs and attendants nlow became intense, and, although one or two attempts were ,ade to force the spectacors to retire, the British right of freedompredominated, and the Orientahistswerecompelledto submit to thecosteinsof the Englishpeople. Apassagehaving reenymade from the entrance door to the carriaeoe, over which a white covering was laid, long strips of calico were benrought into requisition, and a row of native servants, having ranged themselves inside the line of spectators, held the drapery at arn's length above their heads, which effectvely Prevented the peoe p assembled from gaining the mosti remote gRlmpse of er liabjesty. However, writ-h all firey thes Mgajesty did not enter the compartmenten- u nnperceived, for one or two persons, availicg themselves of the epportunity afforded owing to the attention of the offiicials being directed to the importance of The proceeding, climbed to the roof of the Royal carriage, and by tbhat means witnessed the Qaeen's progress between the two lines of drapery placed to secure privacy. However, the g,ratification, could not have been sery great, asQ Her Miajesty w-as closely veiled. Shortly afterw,ard, every one being seated, the train m.oved on, the natives by motions of their bands bidding adieu to the persons assembled. Harley-house, late the residence of the Duke of Brunsracl, and situate in the New-road, has, it is stated, been taken for the Royal party, at which place it is presumed they w1ill sojourn during their stay in England. Since the arrival of the Orientalists in Southampton the a-vQuleen has not been known to leave her room, and that portion of Thie Royal York Hotel inhabited by the Princesses ha, we understand, never had the windows opened, or received the slightest ventilation. Mr. White, the proprietor, received 100l. for the use of his premises during the 10 days They have been occupied; and we do not doubt that it will be at least as many more days before the establishment will be agan rendered fit to he used as the residence :fa EBuropean. Mrs. Bra;cdon attends the Royal family of Ondecasinterpreter andagent for the inferior matters of bsnesseonnected with the Queen, but 3KMajor Bird has charge of all the political affairs connected with the claims about; to be presented to the British Government.
THE ADfINISTRATION OF THE CWU'MINAL LAW. TO THE EDITOR OF TEXE TIMES. Sir,-I see a letter in The Times of yesterday signed "A Sessions Barrister," and, as the offlcial prosecutor at Iaverpoo], I have some reason to complain f the mannerin which I<verpool is mentioned and put forward as an instance of a herouh with a public prosecutor where the 'whole of the cases at the quarter sessions are not efficiently get up, and where many caSes fail for want of proper attention. As a practical answer to this statement I beg leave to give you the result of the quarter sessions concluded on the day on which the letterappeared in yourcolumns. The number of prisoners in the culendar was 4S; of these 41 were convicted, five were acquitted, and as to two no bills were found, owing to the absence of witnesses, some of whom had gone to sea. To those who are conversant with the subject these results will, I think, sufficiently refute any charge of ineffi- iency as to the sesions in question, and I am confident that a more extensive inVestigatiOn would give results of a inilar chsracter,-aud prove that the administration and course ofjustice are seldemmore sure and steadythanatthe sessions for the boroughi of Liverpool. I am, Sir. your obiedient servant. H. WALTE-R. ifrOSecutig Solicitofs-office, St. George's- bal, Lwerpool, Aug. 29.
THE LAW OF CHECKS. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Not understanding the 17th and 18th of Victoria, chap. 83, I isroto to the Inland Revenue-office for explanaton1 and in reply, under date the 6th of September, 185, I zucesved the following:A"An unstamped check received within 15 miles of the bankA on whicb it is drawn mnay lawfuly be carried by the party so receiving the same to any place beyond thit distance, and will not require a stamp to enable his banker there to collect the amount from the banker on7 whom it is drawn." In consequence of receiving checks by post (unstamped) from bankers at a greater distance than 15 miles, I wrote to ask if I might pay them without inquiry and received in reply, wider date the 20th of September, 1854:- "I have to inform you that if the check be issued by the drawer thereof within 15 miles of the Bank, the place of issue being truly stated therein, there is no objection to your paying it, the penalty being imposed on the person renitting or sending the draught beyond the said distance, or a person receiving it in payment, or as a security, beyond that distance, or negotiating or circulating the same." To-dayI have received a circularfrom the Inland Revenueoffice, statng they have put the following question to the law officers of the Crown - "Whether a check, lawfully drawn and issued un.stamped, and received at a place within the distance of 15 auies from the bank on which it is drawn, may properly be id or delivered by the person so receivina the same to his n.nkers at a place beyond that distance, without affixing a staamP thereon, as provided by section 8 of the 17th and-lSth of Victoria, chap. 83. . " The law of.ffcer state that they think that a check cannot lawfully be so paid or delivered, and that it appears to themi that the using unstamped checks in the manner stated is prohibited by the 7th and 5th sections of the 17th and 18th of Victoria, chap. 83." I and many others have been acting under the commisesoners views, both collecting aud paying such checks unatsmned - now we are told by the law officers of the Crown soch is ilegi,L Suc:h being tho difference of opinion in official quarters there can be no surprise at the publc not being able to understand such an act; perhaps, you, Sir, may be able to inform me and my brother lankers which opinion we can legally follow, for if the last opinion be correct we are subject to many penalties. I considered the stamp only required on a chueck negotiated beyond 15 miles, and when myself only the agent for collection I cogeidered it the same as thne receiver bringing the check more than 15 miles in his pocket and returning next day to the town it was issued at or pa ent, therefore not negotiated more than 15 I aT r A COUNTRY BAINER. August 2ei,
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TZIES& Sir,-I read with much surprise tho statement of " An Attorney" in 17ie Times of tins day, to the effect that not long since the senior partner of one of the largest firms in the county in which he (the attorney) resided admitted to him that he paid the superintendents of police for prosecutionw addinw that if he did not do it the magistrates' clerk would. ThS statement, although only made in reference to ono particular county, amounts, in my opinion, to a goneral and unjustifiable imputation upon all superintendents cf police throughout the kdngdom. sow, I have been for 14 years ac-quainted with the management of the police in one of the piincipal counties in England, andinalargeandpopulous borough, andIknow of no sch nractice as that refemred to, rior can Ibelieve it to beat all prevelents mnasmuch as it is entirely oppo_e. .to the general regulations. It is,inoreover, poiibIe tbatsuchaniflegaland improper e-pzemn could be ini efence v itbont- the knowledge of the ch!gfg yonastanle. T nr-n Sz' 'onr obedient serva6nt, A L74nL§r UQ(4*5jy.:ABsE. Ang. 29.
- R1?AYINIYTBLLIGACE. PORTS;tlOTTT. inc nalg-yearly mecting of this comany 'was heldI on Saturday at the offices, Great George-street, Westminetoy; Mr. R,.D. Mangles, MP., in the chair. . Mr. Hok.ZE, the secretary, read the -eFort Wbi-h stated thatthoworksuponthe railway betwreeni 01dalming and Halemere have, since th~ lazt neeting, 1;ien constantly advancingtowardscompletioni, and tb, sectionbetweenthe umction witn the South-Weste BRilway and Witley can be completd without difficulty in three months.iThe tunnel at Buriton is finished, oannbt the facing;, and the cutting and embankment neat the spot are carried on without intermission. The sect-on of the line from Godaliing to Witley vas at the early part of the year pressed forward in order to its being opened in the autumn, bnt a negotiation having been commenced with the South.- Western Campany with a view to their working the same, the board of that company, while stating that they were prepared, " whenever a reasonable, extent from this cora- any's line at Godalming southwards shall he ready for opening, to work it at cost price," declaed their o cinion ethat the veiy short distance proposed to be opened, iro Gowtepming to Witleh, does not irusify is being worked at present." Themdirectors much reget this opinion. They thought, and stiU beheve, that the traffic uon this section of the line wonidhave beenremunerativeto both coampanies. S;reat delay nad arisen in the final settlement of the contract with ir. Brassey, bntl proints of difference have now been asfactorily aanged, apdthe contrc heerid with the provision that the entire line shall be completed by the 30thof September, 1857. the directoremuchresret that, owing to thecarcuanstances of the tinies, and espeeisllyto the dearness of money during the war, the progress of the corn. pa ny'soperations hasbeenhitherto so much sloawer than might otherwgse have been expected. BUth even dung the penod intqestion, the confidence of the hcoart inthe intrinsic goodness of the Ludertaking never abated; and now that the directors arein a position, 'with adequate fnds at comnmand, to look forward to the completion of the line within a very moderate period, they feel they are justified in congratulating the shareholders on the imnpreved prospects of the compjany. The report of the engineers, 2desss Locke and Errsngton, states that at Butriton the tunnel through the chalk ridge is finished, and 40,000 cubic yards have been excavated. At Haslemere, where the heaviest work occurs, 212,000 cubic yards have [been excavated, winch is about one-half the total quantity. At Vhitley nearly 100.000 cubicyards of sand and gravel have been removed to4embankment, which is rather more than one-half 'he total urantity of excavation. The capital account showed that 140,4051. had been received, and 142,491!. expended, leaving abalanCCQf 17,914l. The C 'ear&ze, in moving the adoption of the report, said thedirectors, owingto the circumstances of the times throug,h which they had passed, had not been so stern as they would have been in enforcing the payment of calls in arrear. As the pressure on the money-market had now been removed, the drectors had determined to enforce the payment of calls in arrear by every legal means in their power. He hoped those in arrear wou ld pay up, in order to save expense, and to place themselves on a footing with other shareholders. Their accounts did not look so well as they might, becaause Mr. Brassey, the contractor, had 4,000 shares in the line, and he only paid 20 per cent. out of his receipts for works, so that when he received 1,000G. for his works he paid the com pany 2001. in respect of cals on his shares. If theL haT all been paid up to the present time they would have amounted to 32,0001. more than the accounts show; the total reccipts would have been 184,000Z. instead of 152,0001. There was another large item of 12,0001. due from two shareholders who had taken them nnto Chancery, 'vhich -would be soon paid. There was no doubt tnat they lad full power witlin themselves to Dress forward the works and complete the line within a year from the present time. He felt that the South-Western Company were from position their natural allies, and that their Ine from its uroximity to that railway should by some means fall into the hands of the South-Western Company. There were however conflicting interests at work, and that would account for the caustic answer they had received in respect to working the line. There was some very foolish gentlernan who had held out to the South-Western Company that the Portsmouth lino would never be made. The South-Western board had listened too much to that representation. One gentltman had been advised by a director of the South-Western Company never to'pay another cal. and to sell his shares in the Portsmouth Company at any prce to get rid of them; other gentleme nad, no doubt, ben sirly advised, and, of course, if a safficient number of the shareholders could be prevailed uporn to do the same, the prophecy would bh fulfilled. The directors of the South-western had been deluded by thess representions, and that was one great cause of the conduct of that company towards them. It was right that the public, the shareholders, and Parliament should know that th';ere existed a most unholy alliance between the South-Western, the Brighton, and South-Eastern Companies to monopolize the whole of the traffic in the southern district of the country, and with a view to shut out the landowners from making linestoacoommodatelocal traffic. Hewoulduientiontwofacts beazingonthatpoint.Inthesessionbefore last the Portsmouth Company a plied to Parliament for power to extend their line from odalaing to Shalford, on the Reading and Rcigate Railway, with a view to be, in some respects, independent of the South-Western Company. They all knew that the Reading line paid the South-lE aster. Company very badly, and it was clearly their interest to encoura-e such a 3unction as the Portsmouth Company propoied, asit would brig tnem in connexion with Portsmnouih, Petsrsfield, Haslemre, and other places. It was reasonable to expect the opposition of the South-Western Company to such a junetion, but they hardly thought itpossible the SouthEst-mrn should oppose so advantageou- a jurction. He was sorry to say that the South-Eastern Company opposed the junction as vehemently and as pertinacious4y as the SouthWestern. He could not believe they would have done so unless an unholy alliance existed. It would be seen that they were opposed to any additional .,ccommodation of an enormous tract of country lying betw.een those lines. The country gentlemen got up a scheme for supplying railway communication between Epsom and ]'eatherhead of three or four mailes in length. A deputation waited on the Brighton board, and the latter were reported to have said they would be glad to see the line taken up independently, but when the line was brought before eon mittee of the House of Commons in the last session f:s chtrrman of the Brighton Company was nut into the witness-box to give evidence against the line; which, if constructed, could not fail to inciease the traffic of the Epsom branch. Notwithstanding this opposition the bill was obtainec. There were such things as running powers and facility clauses in acts of Parliament, aud it was not likely that those three contanies, however stronglythey might unite, woulul. be allowed to shut out such towns as Petersfield and other places of importance from the advantages of railway coummunication. Between Cooksfield on theBrightonRailway azid Bishopstoke on the South-Western Railway there was a couintry 54 miles in extent without railway communication. This was a state of things that was not to be borne, and he would have the chairman of those companies brought before a committee of the Iouse of Commons to state what the rmature of that alliance was. (Hear, hear.) They were callid robbers by the South-Western Company because they were constructing a line to Madhurst, Peternfeld, and other lilaces situated between 20 or 30 miles from a railway. Thly had every desire to deal fairly with the South-Western Company, who were paying 5. per cent., and would soon pay 6 per cent., dividend to their shareholders, but they mighst depend upon it they would not be able to shut out a part cf the country 54 miles in width from railway accommodation, neither would the Brighton Company be allowed to do so. It was evident that such a policy would3 prove injurious to the shareholders involved in that alliance. The Portsmouth Company would go on steadily to complete their line; they would look about for friends, and see how theirtrnffic was to be developed. The reason the established railvaiy companies paid their shareholders so little was the enorrmous eendituare of capital, and not the want of traffic. The Soth Western had expended bohut 50,00W1. a-mile on their lines, whereac tlio cost of the Portsmouth Railway, as a double lie, would not exceed 15,000. permile; is* that aIlmost any traffic would pa them a dividend. It s'as necessary the public and Parliament should know these things in orlir that a remedy might be devised. They had at present 11 directors at the board; they proposed to increase the number to 14, and to fill up the vacancies at the board. They proposed to elect the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor (Mr. i). Salomons), Mr. Blyth, and Mr. W. Jackson, M.P., directors of the company. lMir. SOLoMoN said he had been taunted by people at Portsmouth that the company wotld never be able to make theline; hehadpaidup allhis calls, and 'f others would do sO they would soon see whether the line wotld be made or not. He hoped the directors would not stop for anything, and that they wouldmake those in arrear pay up, or forfeit the share. The report was unanimously adopted. Three of the retiring directors-Mrx. H. B. Carter, Mr. G.Yug n di~ i .Siln-ee re-elected; Salomons, LJord Mayor, was elected a director, in the' roomx werecalsocelected directors. *hP The proceedings concluded with a vote ef thinks to the EAST RENT. The half-yearly meetnr of this company -was held on Satarday at the London' Tavern, Lord Sor.des in the chair. The Secretary readi the report, en abstract oif which has appeared in Titc Times. The CasAIAsN, in moving the adoption oi the report, congratulatedI the shareholders on the progress they had made, notwithstanding the difficulties and delays the7 had had to encounter. The first section of the line lrom Strood to Faversham would be completed in about 12 m:nths. The works at the Dover end of the line had been lately commenced. Another satisfactory circumstance was the completion of the bridge over the Medway at Rochester, and he thoghtthat great creditwas due to Messrs. Fc,q. Hender- within the timae specfied, buLt also at a cost considerably within the estimate. He wouldpnbe happy to antswer any qUestions with regard to the report that might be nasked. Sir J. TYnMf, in seconding the miotion, said, he thouht they bad great reaon to congratulate thtemaselvez on havng so far got out of their diffici-lties. Hre hoped -they would now progres in a manner that would not only In satisfactory to the director but as to the pro-riet,r. in 12 months from that time they would haie ie line open to Favers'ham, and soon aft,erwards to Canterbury. He wished that other landowne-rs on the line would follow the example of the noble Lord in the chair, who had taiken shares in the company inpayment for 30 acres of land 2squired for the railway. The Eno between Canterbury and Dover had beeni commienced at the latter place, and the people of that town were very mauch delighted at, the event, particularly as Ian accident hadrxecently happenied to aviaduct on the SouxthEasItern Railway, between Shakeepere's Cliff and Dover, which hadfora short time obetracted the coununiAcation with Do'ver. le hoped that in the courseofltwo years fromn that time the line would ho opened throughoutk from Dover to Strood. With regard to) the bill intradmued :in. the last session of Parliament,- for anuextesijon -into London and a west-end terminus, thte ~rroect ha fuld in cnsequence of not being 6upported by t~e lendown`esi'w, u he wished it to be inderstood that truy had by no mneaus given up the idea of awew"-end terminn;. Mr. HAATSMGE suggested that the names of the directors should be stated at the head of the report, so that the shareholders might ow vrhose report is . He doubted the policr of commencing the works at Dover before they had sufficient capital to complete the line from Canterbury to Strood. He thought they should complete the wrhole to Dover before they made any attemot to exten the line into London, The SECRETARY said, there vras a distinct capital for the extension line to Dover. KIr. Irl--XSCLMXRl i-ad, the people of Rochester were very gl to see, the n:pia progress of the works near Rochester, and they had instructed him to present a memorial to +ie directors fbr a station there. He then presentp,& the memoil to the chairma., and requesfed to know whet4er any claim had been made in respect to the sum due by the TipperaryMank, and whether anything had been done in respect of the shares held by the late Mr. Sadleir. BOrepRuBoR said, he had arrived from Dover that morning, and the people there were glad that operations had been comnuenced. The reason the Dover people had not Epaid up their calLs was that nothing had been done to the lne, but if they saw anything like a determination on the part of the board to carry on the works he had sio doubt the calls would be paid up directly. Sir J. TYLDENhopedthat their Rochesterfriends would show their earnestness by giving the company every assistance in terpwrtobanaconvenient sit fora station. The engineers shad beken intrcted.oeek for the best site the could get. If the Dover pe6plo -would pay up their calls the wvorks -would be proceeded with moroigoronsly, as the board were determined to carry out the line. The SoLcrron, in reply to a question, stated tha- proceedings had been taken against persons in arrear of calls and verdicts had been obtained *hut the shares of those who caold not pay the calls could be forfeited. Hle bad no doubt that several in arrear would pay up their calls. The shares held by Ar. Sadleir would be forfeitae Mr. Cie Ton,o, one of the contractors, explained, in reply to a question, that he based the estimate of traffic they had a great right to expect on what he calied tio common sense principle, and not upon the ordinary mode, that of takingthe existing traffic of the district, which would give a higher amount than he estimated. The common sense principle showed them that the traffic on the South-Eastern system of railways averaged 3,200& per mile per annumn. Now, if the East Kent to l)over received no more than that amount it would pay them 6 per cent. per annum on the outlay; but as the East Kent line would form a continuation of the North Kent line, the traffic upon which averaged 7,4001. per mile per annum, he concluded that the traffic on the East Kent line to Dover would be much more than 3,2001. per mile per annum, which was the average of the South-Eastern system of lines. He thought it would be double that amaount. If, when the -traffic was developed, the East Kent from Strood to Dover-AG miles -should produce the same as the North Kent Rlailway-30 miles in length,-namaely, 7,4001. per mile per annum, the total receipts would amount to 340,4001.. ^nd allowin- 50 y.er cent. for working expenses, would leave 170,000 , or 4 percent., on the capital of 1,200,0001. He thought it was rmore tangible to take the averge traffic of the railways in the district than any statistics of traffic computed in the ordinary way. When it was considered that the South-Eastekr Ct';pany, which had 290 miles of railwa, sustained a k-cs of about 100,0001. a-year by unrofitabe branches, ;ho average . gross taffic of 3,20O1. a-mile could not be considered too much for the East Kent to expect, which at that rate would realize on their 46 miles from SLrood to Dover 147,2001. per annum, and allowinig 0 per cent for workings expenses, would give them 73,60& vailblefor dividend, or more than 6 par cent. on tehoeotheir capital. The report wvas then adopted. The forfeitu h of certap shares for non-payment of calls was confirmed, and the directors were authorized to sell and dispose of the samne. It was stated that the forfeited shares would be offered for public tender, and it was hoped the shareholdersand ths inhabitants of Rochester, Canterbury, Dover, and other places w.ould tander for them. The proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to thchairman and directors. NORFOLK. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Saturday at the offices, Lombard-street; Mr. R. Till in the chair. The report stated that the accounts published by the Eastern Counties Company continue to show a steadv increase in the traffic of the district, and fully justif the anticipations which were formerly expressed of the benefit which would arise to aU the companies from an amalgamation of their interests. The directors believe that these advantages are still only partially developed, and will not be fully realized until the objects of the amalgamation have been accomplished, and the entire railway system of the great Eastern district united under one powerful company, without distinction of name or separation of interest. The half-ye.arly revenue account showed that 41,2191. was derived from the Eastern Counties Company, and after paying all preference charges a sum of 13,127. was available for dividend, out of which the directors recommended a dividend of 1. 5s., subject to income-tax, being at the rate of 21. lOs. per cent er annum on the ordinary stock; thus absorbing 12,33, and leaving 7311. for the next account. The CHAI.RMA. stated the progress of the united companies, as had been foretold by the late chairman, had been going forward in a regular half-yearly increase. The trade at al the ports and agricultural stations of the company had been progressing. The dib trade was marvelous in. its mag- facilities, in ordqer to increaYse it tea stllgreat extent. The cattle tradehad also greatly increased. IHe concluded by movingthe adoption of the report. Mr. Ruinsic seconded the resolution. In reply to a question respectng the East Suffolk lines, the CsrAIssAae stated that as the bills had passed he could only hope that the good sense and good m.anagement of all parties would lead to the uniting tc'7ether of all interests. Hie had no doubt that the lines v ould made, bu t still he was sanguine that some plan could be devised w;hich would enable the different companies to work mutually The report was then agreed to. The consent of the meeting was obtained to the payment by the directors of a sum of 3501. expense incurred by them in making provisicnal surveys of a line between Brandon and Middieham, with the view of effecting a junction with the Great Northern Railway in the event of their southern traffic being impeded by any conduct on the part of the Eastern Counties Railway. The meeting was then made special, and resolutions were agreed to, authorizing the directors to raise a sum not exceeding3o,0001., by the creation of new shares, bearing interest at a rate not exceeding 5 per cent. per annum, to be paid in preference to the dividend upon the consolidated stock of the company, but subsequent to the existing preference shares, such new shares to be offered in the first instance to the proprietors of the ordinary consolidated steck. Thanks were voted to the chairman, and the meeting separated. BIRKENHEAD, LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE JUNCTIO. ' The half-yearly meeting of the proprietors was held on Saturday, at Birkenhead; llr. . Atkison in the chair. The report, an abstract of which has appeared in Die Ti, was taken as read. The CnAnt-cA, in moving the adoption of the report, admittedthatthe item of 14,281., which had been expended on the new warehouses, offices, &c., WaS a large amount, but it was cnsidered to have beenwell laid out, and the works were suitable for carrying on the business of the company. The next item was 3,1112 for additional works at the station. sidings, &c.,-an outlay which'had effected an inrease of 2101. per annum in their traflic receipts, besides affording important additional accommodaton for increased traffic in coal and other things. The next item, 15,9271., for rolling stock, included 6,9131. for horses and new waggons, in lieu of old ones, leaving 9,0841., wich formed a part of the 40,0001. granted at the last meeting to furnish the line in a proper and efficient manner with rolling stock. During the present half-year the directors had ordered eight engines, which would make the number of efficient engines 31; and the shareholders would be asked to-grant instructions for making three more, bringing the entire number to 34, which the- considered sufficient to farnish the line according tothgreqourementsof the resent traffic. This bein accomplished, he considered that 2,5GO0. per annumr would be found sufficient to keen the stock up to its full value and in working order, without having recourse to repairs effected in the mght, which had been found irost expensive. (Hear, hear.) He presumed the revenue account would be considered satisfactory, showing, as it did, an increase of 2,4541. in the receipts for passenger traffic, and an increase of 9,088. in the receipts for the goods traffic, toPether amounting to 13,5421. as the increae in the R;*-year,-an amcunt equ-l to- 22i per cent. The chairman~ contrastd the earnings of thLe line during the past half-year with those of the corresponding -periodl of 1S55, showing that w'hile in the six months ending June 30, 1855, the chnrges and expenses were at the rate of 61 per cent, upon the earnings they were in the last half-year only 52 per cent. (Cheers.) With respect to the sorplus land he stated that the lots which wete not likely to be require-d for the purposes of the compnpta had been put in the market, and that one small lot which had been sold would clear offthe 35,0001. required for furnishing the working stock. (Cheer.) It vas proposed tD substi- tute, in the place of the mortgae debt, :debentares in perpetuity, at a rate of interest not exceeding 4 per cent. (Hear, hear.) With respect to other companies he was glad to say that they were on amicable terms with all their neighbours, thongh th-ere wvere still some mnatters to ba settled with th Great Western, as to the tolls for running over their hine bhut which he had no doubt would be satisfactorily arranged. Lu stating this he desired to say that the directors st:ll kept the fact in view that it was their duty to shovr no favour to any company, bet to treat alt honourably and fairly alke, lending themselves as partieo to none. (Cheers.) The arbitration between themselves and the Great Western Company 'hid been a trouble*ome,I and unpleasant matter, but tho directors took credit for having so far made out a strong cwe,-and of having done their work well. (Hear, hear.) The expenses attending the arbitration they proposed to divide over three years, and the amount mentioned in the accounts was therefore the proper proportion for the six months. The directors had haae recent communications of an important charcter from the liverpool corporation, from whicli efd b ctie in anticipatig that in the ourse of 18 o felt jurtified , hingPF ~ ~~~onths or two years something would be done to facilitate traffic across the rnver. Mxr. MT congratulated the direc'trs on producing imore inte3ligble accounts, but- condemned their policy, which, he said. entailed an experse in working the line of 75 per cent, ofthototalreceipts. The officials of the different com- panieshad too much powerin their hands, and hence tho' numerous defalcations of which they heard; while the directors were not held sufficiently responsible to make them more carefel of the imnportant interests committed to their keeping. XFhe C.Un3rAst co'mbated& -tbo stateents made by Mr. MM. The directors, he maintained, had r- she greatest vigilance in the managemnrt of - rete th affairs; not a penny's loss had result"' ste company's from defalcations; the officials w_- -A- iri the half-year important steps without pref A:llowed to- take no directors; an, havim hj, l coling with the takecnsulet pins toi ascer tai theactua position of thi t Wkagrcat FanAtoaer. in dclaring that no poj:PLop e-1 affairs, he had no hesitation idelrntha noP1ipof -their od tnfc a n remunerative. goAs trafic Was t- The rsolu~ fo theadoption of the report andacc outsif 'Was vafea-And the followiag dividendswere d'eclarea Iyblo on the- 6th iust.--namely :-On the 312 shara.o.ij. 274 1Os Cs. 2d. en_zd on the 221. shares, r *id equal to about 2.l. per ceut. per annum. TheO CHAnAi moveE, and <Mr.' oEsOBS seconded, a resolution, which -was carried unAnimously, to the effect that the present share capital of she c.ompany, amounting to 1,X41,50 . be converted into cosolid(lted sto ck from the ist day of Januaray next. The directors waere authorized to create a debentnrc stock in liea of the whole or any portion of the loan capital amounting to 413,891L2 from timae to. otime, lad n such termis-asthedirectorsmayconsider advisable,-the dividend payable on such stock not to exceed 1the rate of 41. per cent. per annum. - It was agreed to reduce the nursber of directors to 11, insteadof to 8, as proposed by ML-. Mil l Messrs. Banoroft, Titherington, anil Rogers, three reiring directors, were then re-elected. Mr. James Tyrer VaS re-elected auditor. A vote of thanles to the chairnisn terminated the proceedings. NORTH WIESTERN. The half-yearlyimeeting of thiscompanytook place on Thursday atMorecambe, Mfr. EL Alcack in the chair. Th secretary read the report which stated that the receipts for the half-year ending June 30, 1SS6, amounted to 22,1891., and the expenses for the snme period to 'A'21002, leaving a balance of 10,0881., and af ter payment thereout of the interest on debenture debt, 5,034L, on the preference share capital, 2,946(., and of other fixed charges amounting to 1,172c., there remained a balance of 9501. which the directors recommended should be carriod to the next account. A strike among the colliers employed in the iron districts of Ayrshire caused a serious interruption to the Scotch pi.g iron traffic at Morecambe during three months of the past half-year; the same eiriumstance has had an unfavourable operation upon the ion ore traffic to the north of England, and thus the traffic receipts have fOllen below the amount earned during the corresponding period of the year 1855by 2,3442., whxile the fixed charges for interesthave been increased by the sum of 7741. Mr. Blyth, C.E., hLas been instructed to examine and report upon the various plans which have been proposed for the completion of the line from Ingleton to the Lancaster and Carlwe Railway, and to re-survey the country to ascertain whether it be possible to improve the authorized line or to reduce the cost of its construction. The directors express their regret at having to meet, as one of the prinipal opponents of the biU inthe last session, the MidlandRailway Company, who- in June 1852, entered into a friendly contract to wori and maintain the railway for a term of 14 years. The deep interest which that company formerly professed to have in the completion of the line northwa-rds and the intended extension of the Midland line southwards to Hitchin were among the principal reasons which induced the directors to accept an agreement with the Midland rather than onewiththe Great Northern Company,and the directors attribute the altered position in whichi they now stand to the fact of the Mdland Companty having, since that time become virtually amalgamated with the London and lorthWestern Company, whose interest, in respect to the larre and important traffic between England and Scotland, are m direct vpposition to those of this ComTany. The CHAnnsrxs-, in moving the aX option of the report, regretted that they had it noet in their power to offer any dividend. The report showsed that the decrease in the p3iron traffic was occasioned by a strike of the colliers in Scohand, and the loss in the traffic of haematite ore was occasionedby the pig iron manmfacturers in the Cleveland district using an inferior kind of ore, and in consequenice of this they had not required so much hlematite ore, and the traffic in this artcle had considerably decreased. If this traffic had kopt up they wouldhave been in as good a position as they were bdore. Therehad been an increase inithe throughpeassenger traffic, and during the last six weeks' the increase nad been such that there was nlot a differenes of more than 901. between that and the corresponding six weeks of the previous year. He then entered intoau account of the Parliamentary proceedings of the company in the last session, which were not successfuL The shareholders would be aware that it was their intention to go Againto Parliament the next session, when he (the Chairman) hoped they would get what they wanted. The report was then adopted. The CsAUnrLX, in reply to a question, stated that the traffic between London and Glasgow and '11 the West of Scotland was about 135,0007., and between London and the East of Scotland about the same sum; in all about 270,000., from a participatoL ion which, unless they could get the facility clauses, they would be shut out. The di-ectors were then authorized to apply to Parliament in the next session for power to construct a line from Ingleton to the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway, and for provisions to facilitate through traffic. The length of the line would be 22 miles. Sixty-six shares were declared forfeited, and the proccedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman. SOUTH YORKSHIRE The half-yeArly meeting of this company was held at Sheffield on Thursday, Dr. Dymondin the chair The report of the directors stated that; the coal traffic had been much depressed, prices in London having ranged so low as Ss. or 14s. per ton. The quantity of coal sent from the Yorkshire field had considerably increased, being 304,650 tonss as compared wi'th 270,485 tons for the half-year ending December, 1855-; but, in consequence of the lowv selling price, the railway'rates had been necessarily on a reduced scale. The revenue was 1,300!. less than that of the previous half-year, bntl2.0001. more than that of the June half-year of 1855. The directors regretted that the expennditure this half-year had so far exceeded their expectatiros that it left only 11,4291. applicable for dividend. On instituting a rigid inquiry they found that the revenue of this half-year had been charged with accounts to the amount of 2,2811., equal to 1 per ceni. on the ordinary stock, which ought to have been liquidlated the previous hall-yea. Theiamountavailablefor dividends was 11,4292., which, after paying the gaaranteed stcok, would yield a dividend after the rate of 11 ,per cent., leaving 1001. to be carried to the next account. The engineer's report showed that althongh 135,991 passengers had passed over the line during the half-year, yet, ow,ingto thesb.ortcharae-te-rof the traffandathe lownessofthe Parli°amenta-srates theirfares had not averaged more than 9d. per passenger. In answer to questions The CmmRnrN stated that they had had to reduce the rates on coal for the London market, in consequence of the fall in price. By arrangements which they and the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Oampany had made with-the Anglo-French Steam Packet Company, they were now exporting coal from Grimsby which they previously had a difficulty in getting rid of. They hadalready exported 15,500 tons, and the demand was increaing. Cptain BELavni asked if the comoany had power legal to contribute the 10,0001. they had already sabscribed to the Anglo-French Comapany? Mr. B-XTEP- replied that if they htd been strictly a railway company they could not have done it. As a navigation company they had the power to charter steamers to convey traffic from Sheffield to the month of the Humber. It was under thesepowersthat they had undertaken to subscribe 25,0002., or one-fourth bf the capital of the Packet Company, the Manchester Railway Company and a body of French gentlemen finding the remainder. Their doing this was not only a legal act, but a Judicious one; for they had been exporting on an average 1,000 tons a-week. Th"s export trade was opened in connexion with one of the first French firms, by which they secured a market on the other side of the channeL The project was paying extremelywell in itself, besides affording this company n new opening to a district from which, unfortunately, they had for years been excluded. Mr. P. FIsssss was of opinion that the directors had exceeded their powers in subscribing the 25,000O. vithout the sanction of the shareholders. (RIear, hear.) The CaURAN, in moving the adoption of the report, adverted to the various topics contained fn it, adding that for three weeks of the current half-year there had been an increase of nrly 3002 per week; and if this continued, as they had evey emon to hopitwudthinraeote half-year would be 7,00-02.pawudthinrseote Mr. S. BAiLEY seconded the motion. Mr. B_&RTOLOaMw, the engineer, explained, in answer to Mr. H1. Tickers, that the Arrangement with the coalowners was, that the rise or fall in the selling price was to be proportionately divided. the coalowners taling 4d. and the railway 3d. in the shilling on any advance, and Zice Mr. IOoNSIDE said, -it appeared to him that teby had only to go onr educing a little more before they got the rates down to zero. (Rear, bear.) The-auditors in their report said, "We regret to have to report that, in the accounts submitted to us for examination, charges are made against this half-years revenue which do not properly attach to it, such charges not having been brought into Account at our last audit, nor in any shape laid before us; although, in answer to our inqriies, we were assured that all the accounts ¶ainst lie companywere included in those presented to us.' If the auditors were assured last hal-year tbat all the accounts hsd been laid before t.hem, they wer-e deceived to the ex;tent of more than passed without the decteiver beiSngC pun3ishdS ora offrin 3o teme ting, aznd aphpoingt a c8omm6itwteed of inetia better foundation than at present. He mnoved ane amendment to that effect. , Mr. STANiWRTos seconded the amendraent, Hle considered the report very unsatisfactory, arid calcfultedl to depreciate the value of t-heir property. Ho complained' of the increased eiEpenditure on capital aeo6onct. The shareholders had fully expected a 4 percenit -dividend, and their chagrin at receiving one of only 14~ per cent, was Increased by the delay in the issuing of the report. Sonue thought that at was because of the unsatisfactorr- naturea of the report thait it had not been sent out iii reasonable time to enable shareholders to attend;- but, unuder any circum- stances, there was more -than ordinary blame attaching to. the directors. (Cheers.) The CHAnuEAx said the only new expenditure on capital account this half-year. had been in completing the fine to Thorne, and makiag sidings to vsarious collieries.- The 10 miles betweenL Doncaster and Thiorne had not cost more than 2, 0002. a mile. The line was only. opeed, in July,- and already Was pang S per cent, on the outlay. A gret amotunt of additionial tfrafic would be obtainedl by carrying 'he line forward to Crowle, het the directors- saw no6hianoci of effecting that at present. r.Wiusrysos, of HAll,§oamplainod itliat acounts to the amoont of AM.02 had- bee kept back lAs half-year, though the auditors were 'u4re that all the Sceountof the Wsl-year were included in thos presauted; The CneAnwc replied that somne were disp aciounts,; and opthlers not sent itn time, and for that reasion could nact be la.d before 1eO auditors In the ordnCy course. hey had now put their affairs onan etifrely different footing, so hiba no such an occurrence could take place in future. Mr. BEcStxrr, sharehroker, said if Mr. Bartholom-ew, the manager, knew of this 2,300. outstanding aisputed accounts, he ought to have informed the secretary, so that they couia have;~ been entered as liabilities agaist the revenue of that half-year, and, as such, laid before the auditors. (Hear, hear.) The effect of this blundering -was that -the shareholders last half-yea received I per cent. more aividend thantheyought, and tile value of the- shares was affecte.d in proportion. He was deceived by the flourishing I eport sent outlast half-year, and expected theywould now have had 4 instead of MR per cent. Mr. WNViaso saidaf ter the candid and straightforward explanations given by the directors, he had every confidence that they would prevent a recurrence of what at firsS did appear tokEmnas "nmaking things pleasant.", After some further discussion, Mr. toRNsiDi vwithdrew his -amendment, the directors hang, onthe suggestion of the Hon. Mr.Berkeley, agreea th t r disputed matters in the reDort should be referred tt the Right Hon. J. Parker and Mx. George Hadfield, iLP , tounvesgate and report to the shareholders. With this addi;on, theemoron for the adoption of the report was carieda nanimously. Acdividend wab then declared, after theprasof 4epercent. onethc guaranteed stock, and tAtper cent on the ordsinay sharest T1he meeting then separated, H}RFCRD, ROSS, AND GLOCESTP T|he half-yearly meetinz of thia company wan held o Saturday at Hereford,Mr J. F. Vaughan in.tbe chair. The secretary rad the report, which stated that liait the last meeetig the works on. the main line had n eenom pleted, anda finaltcertificate signed by Tr. Pronld, theropany's engineer. That certificate shfows 33,rt du -to the contractors, snakwing, with the sums already paid, a total of s4s,21 0e, withoft reckoning tho share -of the station. As the company was notpin a positionto discharge that liabiity theybudlagreed topay m per cent on it for 10 years re serving the option of paying the whole or any portion after giving three months' notce. This would seriously di,,,i',,1 the divisiblefund. Thetrafflcretuxna show the gross eaRnoigs of the lne for tho palf-ycar to have been e0,3n1t. The directors hope for an iencrease durin the ensuing siX months, and rely upon such increase to mieve then from ther present position. The gross revenue mwas reducedby the payment of debenture interest to 8,cman.s of which the Great Western; Company (who work this lie) take 60 per cent., 5,10i-., and the Hlereford, Ross, and Glocester Company tho other 40 per cent., 3.4031. This sum is s-educed by snco.me-tax, interest on debt due to Gtreat Western for land, manage. ment, and other exipenses, to 2,6531. From this sum will have to he further deducted 64S-I. interest on the compans's preference shares, and 4S31. to meetthe first instalment of-the interest onthe contractor's debt, which will fall due in Octo ber. Theultimate available balance is thus broughtdown to 1,523Z., which would allow of a dividend of 2s. Gd. per share, orl per cent. The directors advised that this sum, Instead of being divided, should be applied in reduction of the company's debt. They look to the gradual augmentation of their revenue to enable them to issue the remaining 3,024 ordinary shares, which would realize a sum sufficient to release the company from all its liabilities. The statement of accounts shows the receipts on capital account tohave been 334,152-L, and the paymerLts 330,9241., leaving a cash balance of 3,2581, The CHAIRXrAc, inmoving the adoption of- the report, left the question of making a dividend open for discussion, as, although the directors recommendedthe application of the money to paying off their debt, they were ready to abide by the decision of the shareholders. Mr. AmNIop-v called attention to the vast discrepancy between the 3,4001. in the accounts cf the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway Company, and the 18,0001. in these accounts as paid for the joint station, to which ech company was to contribute equally. The secretary said, for some reason, the accounts of separate companies would ne;er exactly tally, but he knew each company nad paid the same amount exactly. Mr. AsN-oHiY was satisfied, and seconded the adoption of the reprt, which was carried azer. con. Mr.XnG, 2I.P., thought it very extraordinary that no dividend was declaredunon the original shares. If the line was to have been constructed for a certain sum, and the contractors had been kept up to their mark, how came it that so large a sum remained unpaid? The Cn.umu explained that the only way of getting the line made was boy embracing the offer of Mr. Brenel, who found persons to advance the capital on condition that he was to furnish the plan. Not above one-fifth of the required capital was subscribed by persom connected with the locality, and Mr. Brunel's offer was ax cepted bythe directors, who had no choice in the matter, and therefore were not to blame. The directors did not ordes the extra works, but they were executed by order of Mr. Brunel, at whose mercy they were; and the only exception to this was the opening to Hopebrook, which cost some ad. ditional money, and which was done because the boar2 thought it right that Herefordshire should reap the firsi benefits resulting from the line. The excess was onll SS,O0I., and he saw nothing discouraging in this; but even if there were cause of complaint it was no fault of thi directors. Again, everyone -was supposed to be favonra'blz to the Making of the line, and 30,0001. was named as the cost of the land, 40,0001. being supposed to be a ver3 liberal imm. This, however, proved a fallacy, and 65,000?. was required for the purchase of the land. Difficulties arose at the Iea tunel, and delayed the opening of the line; this caused an expenditure of something like o,0001. for interest on debentures. He maintainedthat no blame was attributable to the directors, who, if they were not experienced men of business, had done their best for the interests of the company. Mr. Holts supposed that Mr. Bronel could order any works he thought necessary, subject to the approbation of the directors. The CiLU.mmns said he could order any work, without consulting the board, according to the agreement. The CmAnInAs.i then put it to the meeting whether the 1 per cent. dividend should be declared, or whether the surplus fund should go to pay the debts of the company. After some discussion the latter counrse was adoted. Mr. Anthony, the Rev. G. F. Lewis, and other shareholders, complained that the London and Hereford letters goround by Bristol, instead of being carried by this line. The Postoffice offered 2,M001 per annum, but the Greal Western reaused the sum, on the ground that the work could not be done at a cost out of pocket of less than 3,0001. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceedings, VALE OF NEATH. The half-yearly meeting of this company w-as held at Neath, on Saturday. The chair was taken by ldord Villier N.?. An abstract of the statement of accounts has appeared ir Thel 2'iines. The report stated that the receipts for the half-year ending June 30 amounted to 32,1521., and for the correspondiun period of 1855 to 24,0491., showing an increase of 8,0637. or 33 per cent. The increase in the tonnage of merchandise, iron, and iron ore taffic was 23 per cent., and in the tonnage of coal and c-ke traffic 38per cent. The loss incurred through the forfeiture and subsequent sale of shares hae been reduced from 14,5791. to 10,4691. The workinm espenses were somewhat renuced, although the outla3 Tder particular heads had been materially augmented. Rals to the extent of 220 tons had been soecialla made and substituted for defective rails during the half-year. The directors Prpose to charge against the revenue of each half-year the cost of all materials actuall used in the maintenance and renewal of the permnanent way. The rolling stock of the company had been increased. It now consists of 12 locomotive engines, 30 Passenger carriages, and 594 waggons for mineral and merchanidise c Three additional engines would shortly be received. The directors expressed great disappointment at the tardy develo ment of traffic from tLe Dare and Aman branches. Co. uerable progress had been made in the Briton Ferry Docks, and no doubt is entertained as to the success of the works which the Harbour Commissioners have eommenced. Considerable progress had also been made in the construction of the works of the- Aerdare Valley Railray. Wt2h regard to the appropriation of the balance of the interest account, the directors proposed that, inasmnch as the length of line earning revenue was the same as in the preceding half-year, the same principle should bo adopted. The directors, therefore, romTmmended the declaration of a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent, perannum, less incosne-tax, payable on the 224 September. The CHAIu ;-, having waited for the attendance of shareholders for an hour, briefly addressed those present. He said there was not a suffident number of the proprietors present to constitutte a legal meeting for the transaction of business beyond the declaration of a dividend. It was Lhs duty, therefore, to declare that the directors intended paying a dividend at the rAte of 4 per cent. per anmun for the half7ear ending the 30th of June last, and-he declared the meeting adournied sine die. CANNOCK MERAL. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on ,r27, Grea-Goo street, Westminster, Wr. llliam haf nnm the chair.' The Secretary read the report, which stated that the negotiations for the lease of the line to Nyr. 3R. R 5iClean the lessee of the South Staffordshire line, had heen-broken f as the directors were unable, on the guarantee of an to raise the requisite funds to complete the undertaking in the manner contemplated. The directors renewed their negotiations with the *orth Staffordshira Board, which had finally led to an arrngem,ent not dependent ulpon Parliamentary sanction. By it the propwrie- tors are to rcive a silnisaum dividend of 4i percent. v;ith nas pesss n es~tutyipo teircaita, vhch il b s..fficlerntto provi e for all 3past expenses and existing liabilities, and complete the raxilway. The mnineral tri of the authorized line w2be so large3s to makea it probable that the moiety of the Sur!lu prfts will considera'bly increase the dividend, -and wen te extensions to C61rich anfi Wolverhampton are completed, and the Cai,nock- Mineral ailwavy has become a pardion of the thr-ough lie for North Staffoldshiire traffic passing southwards, this suIu -will not only very largely augment the dividend of the Canock Copay, but be a consideaton of some moment to the Nort Staffordshire Railway Company. The sufficiency of the available capita for the comipletion of the railway in the manner uropoe hsenreduced toacertainty by a cantruct.whic~ baa been recently concluded with Mr~. Step'henson. The sum tobe paidMr. Step~hens-on includes the cost of.the unbought lAnd and every conLtingency, and will leave aliberalmarginfor officesand other expenses during the construction, Thoe pitaof theoompanyconsistsofl, ODD share of 101. eac'h, of -which a lag roportion havebeo-ome absolutely forfeitable. It is prouoseto carry thisforfeituti into full effect, and to issue t&~the present holders oif all shaim upouwhich the sunsof 4L. lO. per 20Y aharcb ben paid, noDon their paying the call of 30s. per share stow due, with arrears of interest to the day of Payment, double te number of 101. shame credfited with ad each. Allyalazft aotaeepeduderthee trmswillbe ffeed oibpullic be, sruident to pay all contingencies of office expenes The Ca-nock line formed a oenwcting link between the Potteries in Nortfi Sfordsbire and the mineral districte ef South Staffordshire, oomma -- d olve at1tou whicl larely required those produion ith which North Staffordshire abounded. It *Qx true that they did not as yet possess that link, but next aeion apiction auld be made to Parliament for it, and thus plae the North Staf.. fordhire line independent of the l:ondon and HdrthWlestem. As Cannodk Chase abonnded -with coal and ironsblWe, it as clear,- even if the extenson- were niever to be obtained, that their liint 'would he a capital one. It they were fortunate enough soget the extenion, it would gve them a* 5unction with the Great Western and with ihek Oaford, Wforcester, and Wolverzhamptom, and thus give t> t'he trade of Notohf Staffordshire an outlet to the soulthwett. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~t Themotion, having been seconded, Tas c=r.red unani. snouelv. Po-wer was then given to the directors to carry out the arrangements wsith the North Sthffordshire Company. Tha great object was to give the North Staffordshire -n eay communication writh Wolverhasnpton. Themeeting -ws made special, andthe shares in arrea were declared forfeite_d. . ' !* A vote -of thans to the chairmin conclude- the pro. ceedings. SHEFFED, RHOTE RHAMS, WAREFEELD, AIJ' A meeting of this company took plvae on Friday ab. Wakefield;d r. E. S. Beaumontinthe chair. The -eport stated that the directors had had for some time under their consideration the desirability of coming to Eome arrangement with tbelancaibire and YorAshire IEall -way Company, -ehereby the capital of the comipany shouid benmerged in that of the latncashire and Yo rhi-e,uyo terms to be agreh upon, and that this 'paicy should be dissolved. This course -votld rinder it n nnecossar to have any directors or officers, and thereby put a. end to futher annual expense. In the terms of agreemeat betieen the two compjaies the Sheffield andooileCom vy-erenti- led to a, dividend of 5 per oent. upon.theircapitof26 OGf.,' and also to their proportion of any profits wliich the line may make after deducting the worldng expenses anl paying o per cent, upon the whole capital. A deputation of the directors waited upon the Lacashire andYore Company on the 20thinst., at a meeting of thehoardii Mnanchester, and suggested the proprietv of terms beinm arranged-wherebythis cempany should be dssolved,ant that its shareholders should reclve a guaranteed nvotice of the amount of their capital- upon terms tobe eventually agreed upon. Ths proposition of the deputhation. was favouralbly re ceive d by theLncashire ana Yor3 }ire Company, and the resut wouldhe mnade known at a future meeing. thehpaoceedings. .~ ~ ~ ~~ 1g 1.5 M-MHS R.AT-L5AY BIiU-S. Name of Eallway. S. K d. t Z. £ . RelfastaudCouty Down. Aug 21 376 3 3 .. 253 10 4 sasDe nslme 23e... . 1,103 910 .. 3 97 911 Oork and Bandon. Aug.23 .. 20519 2 209314 7 Oork, 3ackrock, and Passage, Aug.23 339 0 0 .. °eo is 3nblin andXinsstown,. Aug. 26 3.,233 6 4 1,282 5 9 Dabin and Wickloew. Au.2 . .2 790 16 2 423 2 9 D.bUinandelt.aseJuction, Aug. 24 3.2=3 1 2 .. 1.190 8 2 InterwtonlhavaxBrawnh .. 1013S 0 .. 99 0 0 DublindfdlDroeheda, Aug.2... 1,533 2 1 ..4 1,57519 4 Oseat Southern andWesen Aua. 25. 7,72 12 0 .. 6,17 6 7 IdtehBouth-IMerr, Aug. 23 .. 60016 4 S. 3312 Z KNmey Junction, Aug.23 .. 6016 4 ' 8. 60312 2 XodrndendEunisknlen. Aug.23.. 701 1 10 . 553 2 2 ULndonderry and Coleraine, Ag. 23 33114 S .. 230 a 1 TimeHck=indPQYmes,Aug.23 .. 13316 7 dld d Great Western, Aug. 24 3.33 4 4 2.95 15 S .l.er, Aug. 24 ...- - 1.432 15 3 ..A24 2 S Waterford andlkemnny. Aun 23 .. 3S5 1 7 3. 9 15 2 Waterford and tmexick. Aug. 23 .. 1,j71 3 2 E73 9 2 Waterford and Trarers,Aug 23 .. 167 6 S .. 193 7 4
A PoLTccAL PAYTy Aliessriwq. -A pan,grapit lately -went the round of the journals, headed, " A liussian Axny Mlssig,"-a strange niece of news, but our domestic intelligence contains one just as curious-nameli, that the great Conservative partyis in the same predicament, missingolike ueuscovite host, and a subect of adthousand nsrious ainquries and speculations. In tth, however, the party eas aelways so much in the habit of gODng astray thae. we cannot but wonder at tho degree of surprise attached jusa now to an oc r ece so t sual. It is certainly not for us to fropose or uindertake a voyaga of discory after the lost Uoirvatives, who, it seems, are not able to conserve even theroselves. We are neither their brethren nor thri: keepers; bsut at the sanne time -we shaUl he glad to hear of their safety, for there is roomn enoug;h in the worlid' of politics for us all, and thlere is nothinog in creationa withoult its uses,-nct rso much as a Spooner. As tothe whereabouts of the party at the present n3oment wehave a shrewd suspicion of our own. Our notion is, they are at sea. They want a policyad theyaare at sea to fn one ; but, as they have Lttle or nothininthe-wayoE character, weight, or principle to trade on, thairchance of bringing home a fair cargo is exceedingly slender. If their venture prove good, it-will be a confirmation ofwhat thewittyclo says to Duke Orsino,-" Iwould havemenof such constancy put to sea, that their business might he everything and their intents everywhere, for that's it that alwnyE ma-kes a good voyage of nothing." If not at sea we really cannot conjecture where the onservatives can possibly be. At this season we were wont to hear their voices in the counties, at least in the agricultural shires - but now there is not so much as a '*orv mouse stir' rfng, even in Buclks. The Ilish bogs have n-4 account to five of them. Even Enniskillen is mute. Had they been ost in a Scotch mist, with Sir Archibald Alison, some o' the thousand sportsmen in the moors woud have hearcr their crow, or seen something of them. One thing is very certain, that a brace of Couservatives now would bs quite in season, and brimg a handsomepricep, were it only for stuffing and placing in a museum. It sounds odd to hear jour.- nalsoaing themselves Conservative disputing about theexistence of 3 Conservative party, and actually denying the existence of a policy bearing the name. If there is no policy there can be no party, and if there3 be no party, how come there to be newspapers profess. ing to represent it? Conservatism is, in fact, extine; everywhere just now, as much in the press as it is in Parlinment. A Conservative press swoldereate a Conservative party, if there were a Conservative policy to uphold. The principles are not forthcorm;ng. Thereis nothi.sg to be done in the way of Conrervatism, for nothing is attacked froes any guarter that any man of the least respectabilty wll under-taleto defend. The real truth isthat the war witlt public abuses is carried on much too gently to require a standing army of politicians for their protectien ; and the party in office must be much mcre liberal and energetic than it is at present, before we shall see an opposition reorganized to support things as they are, under any of the old party names and pretexts. An honest Conservative wvould easily console himself for the prostration of his cause in Pari:ament. So far from discovering, in its decline and fall, a- rampant Liberalism threatening the i-nsttutions of the country, he would only discern a satisfactory proof fhatIeformiers are not-very busy. Such a man would find comfort in reflecting that Conservatism itself could scarcely be les.- of a distrber than the Liberalism now ascendant: andT why then should he covet office, seeing that its presentpossessors are practically as much Conservative as hansef ? 1t is rather for us to reet the stato of things which by doing so little in the line of public improvement has completely destroyed the occupation of those whose fiuction in the State was either to prevent amelioration altogether, or to reduce the amount of it as low as possible. We confess -we should like to see liberalism in that active state which would be more sure to call some modification orother of Toryisnm into life and activity also. We dislike the torpor of opDosition resulting in no small degree from the want of energy in office. The missing party, no matter how far they may now be at sea, would soon appese again in the offing, if there were good reason to believe that the pirit of progress was about to animste the Government. wewould ecall the Conservatives by giving, them something to do in the way of resisting or minimzg reformation. We would gvoe them a policy agairi by returning to t;e polcy of useful change ht originally gavet them a political estence. Their presence,. even in the moat obstructive-form of Toryisan, is a lasalthier symptom than their alsence, catsed by the p.verty of the elemaent oE useful change.-Bzamincr. The sentenoe of death passed upon- 'Aldrsw Bracken at the las' L iverpool Asai,es for the mur(ler of a, man namedEates has been commrated to transportation for life. The prisoner,, who was in a state of frezr7 fromn iatoxication, attacked the deceased, whom he casuallyr encountered, in a violent but unpremeditated manner, a;d! infficted upon him, by kicding him upon the head, injuiti of so serious a character as to result in death.-Obsrcver. rAdvertise'nert1-` Corinneo; or taly," by madiaae de Ses, ce|ap editio e2a, cloth 2fa., heat fre% 'onsideedon AM lads oneof thb Tery bett noreak yetwritte. riqolBouaand oilier great writeMs Jave PLaMfA thethiabeat eAOMecolen n Lhq talent, the brilliancy the wonderfel coc=epLion of "1Coshtne-," - Alsored, The Tost HeirieM. byr Mm' Soutliwetb, seie Ig. Ccl, cetb Me The Wiudow Jlarnabyi" by Mn.i Twolope, price I., clothb. Sd. "Hsjfi Msal In Enlu - author of".ZbV1 Pd . ", ..tm .-A o ldightmare Abbey" b ;FesoDemXntr-BoX Ica.e-Tioes for theMarmnes," by lesitenan Viseen author of 'rice GzingOs," &n, pxie Is. . London, WVird and Lock, US, Fe1et-sheett. [Advertisement" # llBentley's elan ice s. 6d. tentt.for e.asa,tm r,-lo.25 e :-A onth ithe Crirme alr the FAII of Sebuadopob a i.'.n,r Offier-MAaclme Vegti-The JointStock laker.A Tae of the Day. bylbddny Vostello; cbarAtxriLg MMi,. and zrx.-Obs ahese~ I"IIt Aanerer too Lato to -end'-Tbe S Jndtretnfthb W. Earriie AnewBopl dc.-Artou's oPnr Dl Railway, and Indr.-ToVa 'eDsaaphRi5gbt. thaet-A Quartt of Quaterl lklewewal Walter ot Soithe% EArlt a oe,Job Ulohroker*byMeho cod. iU,,i JichasidenmUe, ewlidn _ )fiiree.tr *Advertift -R al. wAeaemy-Propoas to for ik forSepembr,pw J- 9,,coatIA,W M rnl, yB fIt .18- AriSt, ifO. Coiate t aid II1of the oseRsb .~edt eg
