- I - Wednesday Evenwng ¶he Eqglil funda siv6 remained throughout the 'day at1 the closing qulotaticn of last evening, bat ike Ynarket, although inactive, a?ppims :to have a- lc-ndency towards' irmies&. Consols standat 95 to . for money, and 951 to i for ihe- lOh of Septen'ner. Consol Scrip, upon which another payment -of 10 pei cent. falls duo nex weet , left off at 3i to 9 premiurm; Bank Stock,7217-k to 218A; Redaced, U51- to A; New The -per ent&s, ' ; Aniiuitese, as; liidia Stock 234 to 236 ; India Bonds, lOs. <;o 14s. preninum; Exichaquer-bonds, 100lt6 fi; TOd Eindequer-billsj 10s. to 14s. premium. Foreignr seouritife lave not exhibited any imTcrtiant Tariation, aad the. operations: naYe been limited. BuenosAyres was heavy owards the close of business, the bargi8ii having -been at 85 and.83.- In Turkish Six per.06uts. thei trasactions .ere:at 1031, for the account; the Four per Cents.- iuaranteed were purchased at 104, for money, and 103a for the account. Bazian-Small, 1024; the- Four-and-a-Half per Centa. New, O98 ; Peruvian Fo'ur- ind-a-Half per Cents., 81A and sa2; .Pomuguese 'Thee per Cenis., 185,- 46A; f.ussian Four-and-a-Half per Cents. 984; Sardinian ive per Cents., for account, 92; ', - a Three per Cents. for awonont, 44W and 4; tha NewD9eferredfor aeceunt, S;~, , and i;- IDutch Twro-and-a-11alf -per Cenb.a, 64 ad %;and Peruvian Dollar-bonds, 61X. Owin3g t>the state ofthe we3ther thoraewas a rise sof betreen Is, and 2s. in the corn-market this snorning., The unalquota-lion of the French Three perCents. -on the Paris Bourse this- evening was 70f. 85o. for znoney, showing a'-fractional improvement. tThe price for the account was not distinctly telegraphed. Some trifling amounts of gold contLnue toobe tk-en to the Bank of England_ It is stated that the Ottoman Bank is about to -cstabiLh branches at S3nyrna and Beyrout. A fbranch at Galatz has been in successful operation for the last two or three months. Conside able arrivals are taldng place of 5-frane piece .'rom France ior shipment to India. Subjoined is a communication ou the anomalous xesults consequent upon the refusal of the Home. 4rovernment to allowr the eoinage of the Sydney Jlint to be identicalvwith the coin of the realm. 'Out of about 1,200,000 soveregns issued duing the -aat year at Sydney, it is believed that half laave been sent to this country and melted into bars. That there can be no plea for any distinction being made seems to be evidenced by the fact, that all the arrangements of the tSydney Dint are conducted in 6trict conformaity -with the system in London. The experience of the: {Unit d States, moreover, may be held concla*ive on that point, sinde no discrep'ncies kave -ever been found to arise between thehxead Mit at Philadelphia and the branches at I'ew Orleans and ;San Francisco, although the position of the latter is ;ierfectiy analegous to that of our t banch at Sydney lt appears, therefore, that the course adopted-by the 'Teassu-y must have been wholly unnecessary on the score of sXafet-y, asnd' that it causes. nothing but a -waste of labour and the est;ablishment .of a-formual -distinction between the mother country arid a -lcolony which on all matters of commerce and Enance -we should bring into assimilation ith Us as much as possible : ' Sir,-You have recentlygiven facts and figures show the success that has attended the establishment of a branch -of the Royal Mint in Sydney. -It appears that 'uuv.dt of' 1,15l,000I. were coined during the firs. year of the Mint's 'ex.ister ce. A4 A re you aware'that a.large number, possibly one-half, of the coins thus made have,now no existence, having been sent to England, where they are purchased as bullion and mselted and transmitted to the continent in bars and ingots? " Ishall be obliged if yoa will allow me to ask why the Austraian sovereign has any device on it to distinguis.it -from the sovereign cast on Tower-hill? IThe Royal Mint had inestahlishment in London and' -cue at Sydney, both under the samoe control. I "T he Lords of the Treasury appoint the officers and issue -te regulations forboth estabh bssent". Thecolouia1ai'ho. ZitieS have no power in either case. 'The Legislature of,the naloy votes the supplies, and if it ceased to do so the Mint in Sydney would be closed; bi while it remains open they have nothing more-to do with it. Even the- pyx is-sent to Englandtobetried. Inshort,itisin realitywh-t it is in name, a Eranch of the Royal Mnt 'superntended, 'as it ought to be, by officers of the Imnesial Government, and 4he coin vouched for by the Crown. "Why should not the natural consequence follow, and -the coin have the- sanie currency throughout the Queen's ,dominionsasif madeinLondony S "A COLNIT. " Berkeley-street, Aug. 18.'" It was mantioned a month back that a memorial, -signed by nearly all the leading houses in the trade, hlad been addressed to the Customs on the absence -of sufficient warehouse accommodation for bondcing teas, and requestingthat a license might be granted. to Messrs. Nicholson for Beale's wharf, on the Southwark side of the Thames. It is now annoiunced -that the Board of Customs at once recommended ihe- matter to the Treasury, and that the Treasury, 'within a week of receiving the application, granted a License, not onl, to the applicants, but to al other harfngers simlarly circumstanced in reference to situation, security of premises, Arc. This promptitude has been recognized vwith much satisfaction by 'the houses interested. at a half-yearly meeting of the East Indian Iron ompany, held to-day, M3Ir. B. W Crawford presi:din, thle report was received. It was stated that -the progress of operations is satisfactory, and that edemand for the variou descriptions of iron is increasing. Hitherto the expendiUnre has. been Tgreatly in excess of the returns, owing to the' salaries -of the European emnployes; but, when five furnaces -shall be in blast, it is anticipated'that the accounts will Dresent favourable results. Annexed is an nbstrict of the report "The diLrectors have to report'that the whole of the -nappropriated shares have been takeni up, and that the Board of Trade have expressed themselves satisfied of the. -dne fulfilment of the tenns of the charter. Durih"the post half-year the general progress of the works has ,iaen satisfactory. Under the 'superinteildence and direction of 3irr. Beaiamont, arrangements have been made for the sopply of Porto Novo with fuel to such an extent and oni such 'terms as p-omise to obviate in great measure thepreJuidicia2l -effects of the proceedings of Gover-nent previoriusly alluded to; the blast frn-ace is, m consequence, at work agan.x Mr. Beaumont has also succeeded in carrying into operation at PortolFovothecontract systemas appliedtowages and labour, as weli as to the delivery of ore and fael, and he is saine -of ultimately establishing it throughouti the company's -work The tro new works, Werhnjeperty and Trinmomallee, are in a state of-forwardness, and only -await the arrival of the engine machinery from this country to be completed and set tgoing, - large stocks of ore -ad fuel having been already accumulated' at each' station. Some delay, however, may arise by reason-of the unfortunte detention on her panage of thse s_iip Canada, wvith the engenes on board destined for Nerin3eperty. Owing to an aiccdent to cne of the boilers of the blest engine at - Bey-. pore, the operations of thefurnace were for a short. time suspended; the boiler has since been replaced by a new andl more effective one, and the-furnace Was agLain blownin on the 13th of June. A second furnace will be put in blast at the close ef the monsoon; and it is cdnfidently anticipated that at the commencement of the ensuing year the commay vill have five furnaces in blast at their differsut workL The endeavour to extend the-manufacture of bariron at Beypore by the Styrian method 'has not hithdrto mit with the desired success, in oonsequence of tho diffi-cultyof training- the natives to the careful and regnlar perforrnamce of the several processes. The board stiMl hope, Ihorever, that by perseverance, andl the substitution of payineut for work done instead of daily wages, which the -ianngeris now trg to effect at these works also, the difficulties in question may be overcome. Although the -two years during which the works have been in pos-- rsession of the company have been- mainly sp,ent in perfecting arrangements, enlarging and imurovi"- old 'Works, and in erecting new, a considerable quantity oe iron l1a nevertheless been made. Part of this bs-been disposed of in India, at reminnemtive prices. There are at this time en the way home 1,092 tons of pig-irbn ; and the last 3ccounts ahowvm stock at the works, and awaiting shipment xit various depEot, 1,07a tons more, Tho torniage empioy1ed br the M£adras Railwvay Company, in the convejance--of 'tneir materials and stores f rom Eagland to thePort of Bay-7 pore, has opened a means of -brin3ging the iron- ta 'this -wotsctryo on favourab7e terma. The market priee contine~s to b. 71- - o oon, an-th andE thas -been. hitherto beyond the company's means of supply.' T'ie work turned out by the company's establishment cestinue to piee satisfaction,_ and contacts3 and orders of Various1 descript4os -are in hand at Porto Novo indBeyforev for the Govein-o nent,the ruilway compayY, and otlirs. The~ponstructinof the raiRway inl3ni from Beypore is no irapidn ror,m; while from tho side of -Madra it is approaching the Salem districts, in which lie the companys most valmhle'a'd extensive depoasts of oresi" - - The resiit of the ar-ange3nents intrioduced on 'th61st of the present Monti, to' facilitate the uas'senger raffic from the continent by allovWing la- e;to be examnned at London-bridge instead of l?olkesto6ne - is describled in the annexed letter.' It is staedt to have given great satisfaction, but there appedxs'to Ire some danger of its advantages being ParIy nuhli:fed by a want of sufficient energy or goodwill on the past of the persons appointed to carry- it -out:-- -' " Sir,-hs the plan of examinig assengers ba"eaeag t london-bridge Station, instead of Folrestone, nsa5 osi lieen in operation for nearly three weeks, -we are enaMbled to judge ate to he facilities it afford5 to persons Srrivi±i" from lhe Continent, compared with t-he oid practice.' -e- P "A s to it.s mucacs there can be no deabt wshateves-f From the ver; first day nscarly the *shole of the parrangers arriving att FoIkcestono, and passing thr-ough to london, have availcd themselves of the change, and hai e -cn all ocasions expreseed the utmost satisftion. at the :i5, 5dvatit presents. All p ilr 't iS trti8 do net have, thei-r ha~z examined i ez. n BtIIVt must inot be uzderstoocd V-I t.IsZ that those who. form the exception prefer ths OId prctice. They -are simply, thoss uho, having bhut Onea small parcel or bag, get it passed by the tide srveyor as they leave the vesseL Beyond these; few, indeed, are willing to have their baggage emamined-it Folkestone, notwitbstadndink all the solicitation of the touting agents of that p6rL - "BAll this is very uatisfatory; and proYes beyond doubt that, as the new system is, based npon a sound prinCip'e travellers are most aious to avail themselves of it. Jut the system must be carried ouit in all itsintegrity, else much iinconvenience and' annoyance will stil result for which there can be.o excuse whatever. Nor is there any reason why everything should net be done in the broadest and mact comprehensive manner, consisteuntwith the. safety of the public revenue and the interest of. the railway com a`he length of tine ,allowed to elap" betwieen the arrival Of the heat te Folkestone and .the departure of the train is at present .40 minutes. This is too much. - = longer time should begMiven than is absolutely necessary to la nd the pass2ngers, and, aft er placing the through baLgga in .the trucks, to despatcla the train; all of 'which cai fre folly hbe ax¢°Phsoudr 'as3ted eZvery day, and as the rail 'wypeople are wrell aware of.this inLconvenience the sooner -" :t London-bridge station the accommodationprosided isfar from adequate totha present'wants of the plic. The baggage-warehousethereisin perfect keepng 'm th thehovel -which the company had in Fokestone, until yor aention was drawto the :matter; and the patchwork no going on wll be but a small improvementupontheoldiafar Why should not the directors build a proper place at once9 They may ts 'well do it nowas at any other-time, fort mnst come to that in the end. "Much inconvenience is also felt for want of porters during the examination bf the passengers' baggage. The employed by the company are two slow in their movements, unless stimulated by the prospect of- a fee; bhu the directors will surely admit thbt there are charge enough alleady exactdd frain theirpseengers witheut-being surchargsd by the porters. But,,xrAependent,ofthis, there arenotenough porters for the 'work, and the result is that much delay andc annoyance are felt by-the public, of which strong complaint is already made. "With regard totheaccommodationprovidedtbyt Customs in this respect, a fair sart was made in the frst instance. Positive-ordetswere ti-en by Sir Thomas Premantle that. vet' provision sonld be madetomaet the wants of the pubihc and that the utmost 'liberality shoild be shown to-wardatravellers.with regard to charging'dutv on such articles as might be found in their bag e.- Or the perect sincerity of the board-n this matter 1Tere' beno doubt. .But the commissioners forgot .to plac the *woind of the system in handls disposed to carry it out 'with the ribheralityof spihit in which it was.conceived. This was 'an unfortunate 'mistake, the disagreeable results of which 'Will very soon bofelt.I "When the- new system first came into operation~ and for some time subsequently, the examination and delvery of the whole of:the baggage scarcely ever exceeded 15 minutes after the arrival of t-he train. This 'was ow5ing en-. tirely to there 'being a sufficient staff of ofticers in atendance. It-wa3-above' all things what the Commissiners of Customs moit dlesired;- and,' in- order to. a6cor- plis it, - they stietched the - rem.y order to - I utost limits; .Yet their cbiect is likely to be defeAteddby' anunballed-forredtiction of-the staff, through which,. of course, coniderable delay, wl tike 'place in the delivery of y one-half 5he number or officers havebeen i'ithdrawn, and the tie occnpied in the examination is increased in proportio±i' As to the 'weig'hers 'em&lyed by the Cus- toms, nothing can be more. provoki-ng "' the fact that,;, 'while there are not half-enouh othmtose seected are alto"ether inb~o ljent--Dtbtl-duLty-they are called upon -to discRarge.' These.m&ent are supposed to write German and Frenich namdes with'-thi utinost rapiditly, though they are, scarcely able to spell- heir-own. Can anything be more absurd than this? .Bunt vFy-take those names at a1l? It is perfectly useless t4 do so, mle.s in particular cases. " Surely 'pettl* details -seiive onily to give' unnecessary trouble, -ind cause miucli delay.. But there is a strange fatality abouat -everythingt:onnected with the Customs ; for -that which- iaproposed- and- introduced-~in- a 'ajsirit of Jibe'ralithy` thi cmisoes,isr tobe spoflt by their offcer. I thpteent'intbno i isthe maore veratious, inasmuch as 'ever effort has been mtade beth by-the Ties- to get rid of .a 'greatpbic nuisane.l . -nar Sir, your obedient servant,-:i of - "OBSIERVER." - The Comanittee f the, Stock-Exchange to dy, confirned their resolution, insertedon 'Tuesday' regarding the shares of the Riga Railway- 11ondtay, the 20th, is apointesd settling dayn the shares of the Empress Elizabeth Railway (Westerm of AJs ia) tlienew sl;ares of the National ProVin cial' ,Biuiof Eng,land, the; shares of -the. kew LB`unswitk,f and Canada Pailway -and -Ias'C-om - p3ny,:'an'dthose of1erniard's. tatent Machine tootand Sho,e RCompa,ny; Only the twd f&nser are to ber markedin m,he official'list; It. was' at the same -ise resolved that the' hres -o- the -General a t_ of' Switzerlan7ld shall in future he offlc i Byauoted of
JADEFERNCE OF 3rDOVEBBATHjNG. . * TO T EE DITO1E OF TIM TI=ES Sir,-My attenition haviagbeena directed to a conminunication signed "IA NTon-Svitilmer " -which appeared- in -TAe Times of the'12th inst., 'and mr vwhich the&wnter encleavoura to7mskeoub that the bathin# At'Dover from miachines,i and the 'gear wtork, &c.,, employeuL in connezzionpiith. t'he samei dangerouis,-so datigdrons; inde6a, that IfNn-SILe et conceives that the authoritesof Doter ouight to interfere, I. beg, Sir, Ithaty~ou:will aIR6r&nresae= Ji. tour journial to contradict this statement-by the evience of facts -which, I thinlk, are quite suifficient -to destroy 'his !asscrtions. andic wvhich Lveriture -o h ope wil prove to, the public that "IA Non-Switnuie?ioz ha nitten'uponi tue subject without due 'Vow. the faet is, that in th'e memory of the; "o1dus iahx habitant," certainly for the past 60 years, 'or more, -nt the. slightest accident or inconvenience has eve1ioccurxcdby-thcgiving way of the appartuA or ropes u'sed, for drawing -up the machines, while duing-the same perioad, out of the tens of thousands of persons-whohAve bathed n4t this mtt6h'fre. quented watering place,,the single-instance whioh o§cuired a, week since is the only one of,a.fatal nature,upo.n.record. TL-eaccident an question-,i J*hile .it-;is greatly tebo de plored, oonldnotbhotracedto~auy dner arisiug jrdmlnthe nlature of the shore, as theovi;d6ene given at the- ccroner s 'inquest anque.tionably proirtd. I- These simple.facts are,er as,ijquit44 sufficeln; -to rebut tho,asseition that.-Dover is a del,ngirout place tbathing. if. they are not,and anything weire needed-io esalsh. thex suoec iiority.of DoveY.6ver almostje'iv' other t~owii on thNe coser I-cotild waduci -aindan'. proofs4(aaonig which 'is the- gra, the water. ~ ~ ~ atiu~_i~odj 'I CULLEN -- RSI ' - I I i _ 1 -._ Roy;. Bats, Dover, Aug. 15.
[ -.. - -~ - BATHIGATAARGATE- - - . I ~~-- ..I - . . , j.i .-_ -TO THE. EDITOR, OF THETE EU -. Sir,-Wit] a few lines fiP y onT powerful pen jot1)may do much for - the; causde of- morality.- If you were heie personaly the indecent and- disgsming eiubition whirl takes plice at L lithing . sh'don Sonn -the-3ain-e Parade .would shock yo. as.;k mugst everyonegaot lost to ommoIn.' decency and pr ety&. I..shaXl say .no mnoze; bp maayb familieswflj near me out m rny statement; if ncesswa -Tf you will snor a small spaca in yonr,psper you will doismuch road to moeiety:. anil more rnarticnlarivi ienofi£- A ] VATER, Of A FAmlY. AT PRESENT - AT-3XARGATE. - - -- . DBATH OF A CE hM-Dunc Douglas .did at his residence, Es.st Shaw-ateet, on Friday afteruoon. inbhiaeO04h yea.r, .e was a native of. G lndaveL inArgMl5h,bire,1 blhe baa been for tbq last 60jea= in.Greenoek, - .where ho followed the occupation of a carmran ;'bltWetting. uiable for acive work more than 20 years -ao he became clargeable on the pariah. liis facLItiea were pretty -lear to telast.-Gtesgozo Mail!,
2RAIZ WAY IN-fTXZLLENCE. SOUTHE WATAF9 'isie lialt-yearly mieeting of this compan wasQ held yesterday at the Great Westen Hotel, Paodington. la.C.R. M. Talbot, M.P., in the chair. Mi. F. G. SAUNDEnRof the Secretary, read the report whicoh stated that, in comparing the traffic recepts durmng the two half-vears ending the 30th of Jaune, in-o, and the 30th of J ngeh 1856, there appears an increase in the revenue duringa the, lat half-year; , 'maounting to 13,37037. This ihorease is derived alinost entirely fromtthe general goods traffic, the receipts fromi other sources sarcelyooexceeding tnose of the corresponding period o' 1855. The working charges dluring the liast half-year amount. to 86,9012. as comapared 'ith 83,8671. during tthe half-year ending the 30th of June, 1855. ~The directors rec6ommend that a, dividend for the half-year be declared after the rate of 341 per cent, per annum, leaving a baLlane of 5,326L. t6 be6 carriedover . to 'the next- half-year., The expenditure onx account of capital during the half-year, amouniting. to 70,4091., has been. 'chiefly inieurred' inthneconstetion of the railway between Haverfordweto ana Milford Haven; in the extenaion of.- sidings antd station accommodation at various parts of thealie-' inpaymnents forw waon stock-,.a aindnthe completion of Yaudapunchases. On the 15th of'A,ril last-the raiway was opened to the shores of Milord ITaven. Temjporary station accommodation has been prvded for the traffic at this taeirminus, and the directors are des'rous that the- necessary accommo-. dation for the peculiar and. inereasign, traffic of the station tshould be completed withw litts delay as': pssi-. ble. The directors haie iuch: satisfaction in reporting, that, in conjunction -withthe Great Weetern, Vale of Neathn,Waterford and 1imerick, and Waterford antrd' tikenny Railway Companies, they have miade arrangements with a responsible firm for the establishment of steanx pieket c-om- snunicati:on between Milord Haven and Waterford. It has' been thoughit right, in the first instance, to make a'raua and cautious commrencemnent, and for the present only two trips each way during'the week'have been undertaken. ;The success, however, 'with 'which. the commencement of the traffic has been attended is -stch as to justify the directors in epcigimportant results, and they look forward'with cofdence to the establishment, at no distant period, of a daiy 6633munication, .and' to a consider-' able consecjuent increase in the receipts" of' the railway Arrangements hnzse also been, m ade for the establihient of steam~ pacel-t communication betWeen Ml-' ford Haven and Co,rk- and Daublin. b-i[-order to secure' tho fuR amount of the flxed-rents' aa'Ile, by the Groat Wester RalayCm n, tne te.agreement between the two compnes f arh, 1851, it is ndelssary that the raiwa shouldbe o`mplte, with a doubl line of rails, to Mrilford Haven. In conformity -with- the terms of -this agemnt ah directors,have determine& to proeea at ocwihtelay'in- of 'the secn lnofrIl betwee' Carmrtennd AH6l'od Haven.oTnhe contract for this wo~rk has. been let to a responsible contractor,, and wil be at once commenced. The report of Mr. Bruane], the 'engineer', stated, that a, temporary passenger stationx was erected 4at Mlilford Haven, anxd provison had been made for 'carrying on a certain amount of goods traffic. across the hborbur by lighters. 'fixed Pler,.extending a certain- dlistance into deep water; is now-irearly completed. The wvharf accmuLa,dntThn provided for the lighter irade is already found' inshiificient, anid is' About to~be extended, while- thesucciss of_ the steamhoatt' oommunication wvithJreland, since its establishifient 0, has. shown that'apbrtion if not the whole of the floatingpibr,. as ori~inially d6signed Is basefitial fur carr3ing on' the trade,' particularly that of eattle,-which- romisei toAbe-considerable. Acccordingly-'a ortloesn of ie floatingvpier :%M'lbi' immediately proZecded with. The laying'of-a second-line of rails frora Carmarthen ~to Milford -Haven. is about.1 An astrct f te sateentof ccontshas appeared in The-CAmns~,-in moving, he adoption, of'thse tport,, said hcosdrdit his- duty to miake soin6 observktions' on th past proceedings and present prosp6cts - of the c'6m--' anY. - It hbad be'en n2tced-by som6 of the jproprietois.that' tehad always takeur a depodig, View- of Milfordl 13ven. He had thoug~ht it right to- lay befobr6 them beth sidles, and, leave theri'to for -ither owniopinion.%-. In -hd few r6marks he had to 'make on that occasion there was a, ittle bad, and a' great deal of good. li~ thQ first paragrayih of`the teport`h1li,.' sion was insde to a considd&able; inerense of hiuffic- but that wais chiefly from, 'gods traffic. He 'thought ,th'ey - milsht' -consider that they hid lost' the coal trade to London., Tha coal trad6 reslved itself,; more or less, initd -i, que-stion of' waggor.s, and the -roceedings of the G"at Western inthsat respect left very little chance of the' coal trade on. their line.being properlycondulted; He had had a number'of wagzgon b' 2Autin ennsequience of tlere being no biLxinets f them he was obliged-to dispose of 'themn. - I referenc6' -to the coall traffic' he qcotod from 'thelaitiepoit-of the Griea~tWest~esi directors thefollowing p'aragraph:- ' " An agreement has been concluded. in strict . conformity; wi14c dvceof .couriel, uponvejatLfactcry, er=s, minirmum frevg-h of 40 00&V br anneus for coals,a b e 'coma. veyed over A distauscc-xcedng100 !w~iles *tayour,ines of railway. It willCommence in Januaryilext, and -rovided a ericiatefriozu 'a msaethe `coal-mnae isobtai.uad that the sole in London. caun be6 enlarged so sa to iadus t oe a considerable etninbf'busi'ess, in the qualities -of coat adapted to -hous consmptio,-theRuabn Comipanylhave cov*enanted -to secu±e to the -il ay, fter the-flirst yeramimu ansnual fieiglst of 60,000-,. ,and after the second year 8000017. di, zespect.of their-coalss- The directors bope to miake timilar bgreements withi other coalo-sners, anid thereby to eu- ougea.traffic -which, with other sDurcs of improg revenue,omight atall-times toinsure. bet.ter dividends t,othe piropsritorsoqf the, consolidated stock."- Now, ini his opinioni, tliire~ wai no probability of their -inaiung arrangements with-other coalowners, fo,r instance, in Southa Wales; while they (the Great Western) hizda 3collier of their ownl in NorthiWal6s. -It -would 7iot be worth wbl&e.±or-.a coalc4nerJ in South 'Wales - to expendL 3Q,0001. in waggons under such circumstances. He,-was miethe director.- bf the Gieat Weitern Company had not 1ooked-i-tci the- que~tioo'-: aa irt, appered -from- the report .They thought~,auoh~baaaiswourld egeneral andltend to isccrease'.thiij triAfle.. He. confessed lie' did not take the same -view-orth coal rade -as =they,did, ain d thouhtit extrimelyjimprobable that the coowrsiSotWae vould be able to compete,with Teclirisi ot 'Wales. He -thought- -t erefome theywudlsteca trade io'l,6ndon,- ut, :at the-~same iea hr a apo bability <that they would'ultimatyhaealrecltad to their present termfinus at-Nyln.I o. etil talke some trie-befdre -that' tbd ol e remoe fromi Cardiffto, Nayland; or- until prper facilities eould -be aTotdea for its shijrment at the btter place. W-ith tregard to tbesteasiboat traffie to Irelandi insteaaof haii-ng steamneri of 1,ODO0t6ns-'<and *:spid of -18-amilesl an hiour,' as foirmerly contemplated, they had.now steamers of 1600 tons burden,maingh voaef to Waterford in eight hours. ihe atem o~wsr- alao pt --on boats froeR - 31lford lto Cor and-Dubln adteterhad: the largestnuinber of pissengers. -Teja on htweeol n a serger~ ormler ysvf~oe teGra etr-ala Andhby the oldbots,50-mow tookc that rueb h e boats and ?lEilfod vn.Tedidedo31prcn. ,whiclithey were aet'otlr ws h agtte a ever made, andacaoiftendedth4tifthiey wer in h sm *position as otherrailway companieg with respect ocoo 'jive-power their- dividendwould be 4~ per cent, instead o 3.1 per cent. - Themsile*~ of theii rhiis-,7 491,264 miilem, at a'c7ost of 36,9671., gave an' average of is. 6d. per anie for locomotive p6xver; wbich -i:ws.ot qulte,.but mearly double that of other compaiesi;. Their bargain,-with the .Great Western-would end next yea, and he hoed. that a miuchi better arringenment would thiabe10j4de. le did mot1lame the Great Weste`n- Company for enforcing -their claim;, as they.weai6boundto ilo~ioforthebenefit 'of theirshareheide'rs.' He complained of the-injustice of the award of the ar'bitr-ator to whichthTeywere, tpresentbouatosuhidtNos wibstanding tkis, theirw*orkiag expeimse did not exceed 57-per cent. of the receipts, and theywere-ableto pay a divde of ~3 per cent, per amnumim Wfeobjecteadto an itemot f ,41 in the Great Wester aoits, bein _SUtate as, an]aado rent of- Gloceater station to tlie 31st of December, l&55. Ties South Wales Compay did 3not rent the station.- The sumi -had: been awarde y, &fr. S. Clarke, aspayysblefor services performedl and amcoimodition providecd. by t'he 'Griat. WesternlCompany at Gloceeteriup to that date, hut . iot for rent. That liability didl not 'appear in the South Wales Railway accouits,hut could be met out of a. -balance reserved from the sumaawarded for the mai service isp to the same period. HeL had on a former occasion. alluded- to the necesity anLdpolcy of holding board meetings in Wales, and he was mnore thess-qver convineed of the advantae of holding sch mee tings &Iternte3jyin M-des.andc Ln don,; hnuttTh greazt difficulty was iniormingssscru Wales. as some gentle. men 6n the boarod-4cd noleiav=e eir businessinlndon. to' go to-Wales, He trusted, h6wever, that those -who could not attemid would liave n6objectioni to resign-thelr,seats' to gentleuneiiotherwismeligibl-e-who could attend board meetings in Wale;, asSsuch meetings. were ofthe utmost conepnc in -proctotin- theo 4evelopment. of. ThLe tafc ehpd befo6re thie next mneeting, - that arangbin~ ol emd for holdings atratebDao ~mietinp inWae,ohrieecould niot consent to retain the chair. - Ide. IJIATHM.Ws seconded the ad6ptson of the report; -.:hr.-RocHs contended that theT. had no business to trade so far niorth as Dublin..- The Cir rrA leedtht h traffic was carried on by a sprie'id eil hdaobotonhele A. SHA EIHOLDE codene that the eboeracshould be -niae, -as tfie- present runuatIaadws not convenient forpasne. - -- Miaer. COUnT- toe tha no, arragements would be entereadintor affectin~'h captal or revenue.of The, corepaony-without first Submtigthem to the sbareh'olders for 3PProval. - With regard toth observations of the chairman ini riepect to ilia Rhajeboj rol~ie,h houlcl like to know howt.se Great 'eesA'raenet-with Teca o- paycould affect Ithe ohWaeConay The Great Westrn.orpany must chare thecm oln makea theS same arrAngements-with all 7coil owners asn hi ie. The -success of the tride -would dependi on -h ult and price of CAmZ: sM the quato~n wazswiittser the Great Western would~ "find' wag'gons to"carrj: the 1.bals from -the South-Walpe.collieriea as well as from those of NorthWales. Is ,qlyt uestions, itwas stated that ,Barlow's rails would lie riusoved from a part of the ae~. aia i-hatbridgeraiswpouldbe-laid-aown in tleir place. -Endavours wuldd be miade,-to facilitate the tr~ffiq and ificresex the speed-of the express t.rh.' wh=ich now veadabout 21 males per hour.. - The increae rutothe GuatWeatern. Railway C-ompany for opening ,tolfilford wouldl come into operation in zlbont six months. .Theextra amiount'of rent w1ould -be 7,50130. a-year -- -- The Secretaiy explained that the company would have to. find the mioney for doubling the l-ine to 3liiord ; they were mow preparing-to do so,; hut while the rate of interest for mnoney was high itwzis-s,ot tu,teir-advasitage tolaydown the secondl hine for the sake of the increased rent; - - Resolutions were unanimouslypass,ed-adoptingtheiTeporl, declarin the usuAl dividendl on the guaanee ztoc, and -also advdend at the, rate of SA per cent. per,s,nunm on the consolidated stock of- the' e-omaany, payable oni the 8th ofSe tember nert.- 8nthensmotion of ocie of theauditors, it was unanimously agreed to raise the remuneration of the directors from 11,2001. to 1,300!. per annum, wbvichwams its former amnount, but had been reduced- by -te directors when the company -was in difficulties. Two SUMS of 3,7501. -and 1,881. were agre-ed tobe consoidiedau into ordinary stock- and. percent. preference stoc'k respectively.-- A. vote of thanks to the chairman and directors concluded the procedings. NORTH AND) SOUTH-WESTERNI JUNCTION. The report of the directors of this compay states that the total receiptsfrom all sources durin thepasthal.f-year are, larger by 26.; per cent, than thos-o the correspnding six months, of 1h5 ; and the.- balance, after deductisg all outgoings, and the interest oni the debentures, is nearly 4S.i pr cent. more thanthat of the 30h of June, 1855. -With th7e Wlance, left from.last1ialf.yeaz, Thle amousit available&fordividend is sufficient. to pay 21 per cent. bfrithe, Past - six 3nont'hs, and leave thxe sunt of 71491 to be carried-forward., This dividend is 1 per. ent, mnore'than was declared in August last year. - -In a. very -short 'time the Haummerssmith branch line wiU ba'osnpleted znd opIen for titaffic. ~By the .agreeinentvwith thelicndon and NoAti-Western and on~ doni and Sbuth.Weiterq -Railway Companies, it will-ha. necessary - to - keep the'-accounts of this branch distinct fromn Those - f the main line, in ordler that the - rights.- of - th6so - compeniel to partilcipate - iLn the profits exceeding 6 -per cent. may not b interfered with; bu,a epects the shareholders in the branch 'line, their shares wifll ran'k e4psally' with those of the mnain lie from the.time of the opening for traffic,- and the directors have every reason to hope tat.-the branch will fully wnswer all tlseexpectations which have been formed of it.- - The capital acooiuntof the main line shows that 79,9731. had been received to the 30t. of June, and $0,8131. expended,. leaving a balance -against the compay of M40. The receipts ia respect to the- capital 'of the Hammermsith branch amounted to, 7,1861.,- and, the expenses to 6,3241., leaving a balance of 8521. The revenue account for' the half-year endingt the 30th of Juncu shows That 2,692Z. had been received, -and 1,0371. expended, leaving. a baLahice of - --MrInLAN~D. The half,Yenrl.y-meetingof this~om~pasy was held at the stiation, Derby, yist*rday. - 3r. J.Elhis prosdded. - The -renort andi a'sun-ary oftheli statefiseist- of accounts thave already appearedi2lke0e 'ms.-- - The CmumLerIX, in. opening the bus iness, statedthat there had been a considerable inicrease-in the-ceao:ya1nce of 'marchandise, and ~alio of msinerals. Although Th cba tr-ade-had not been so ranch dleprmecse formn.yas et the increase had asoiountod to not lees- thn 1,01 hey would see by a 'efeitence- t6 The sttmet -with 'whih tey etsfurishd- ,001..chaged,to capital- for aw xpesca - hat - ws ep~ned n -thecosts- othes sc incouexin wih -The-affirs-of -the company. These - had -been -Xpid, in-raribl,: 6ut. of revenue- Th&' billg ~of their solicitors ia n " a i~ ats of the country' through 'which'their'failay un-Iad wihone or twoex eceptions - heen - 'ttlea t hip-- June, and7the.wihole -of -thecru;hidheen' called' fdr, with o chaiice of .sincrepse i, - the expense of tie permnent -way, but? rather tdease; but if it.tho, endcof th'oyea Athey' found' that further' outla ' wa' sne35s-sry tho direb6oct would;a*k2the -proprietbis- tbr, add 10,0001. to- 'the - permanent w,ayr-$fund -from . '.th rollingstock fsud, -whi'ch 'at that' pliiod -ther litte'i'*ould e 'able to afford. hteperns'anort: yiwasmnever in a hetter ;'state -than- .since they-. hadi acdopted. 'the ,fish joit6. The extra cost of tho l6combtivd bianch- had been .caused by 'utting 'spring uffers to- tIhe -en iA-sanid by'rebuilding a mbero.o Ola i and..-small - enge,and ren- dering them,large,, a'nd_powerful oiies. . Theyg -had -i-no' - right to- complain - of- the expene 'bt- the locootlve depaeut. - -A sti-the 'ipley- braneb,-lhe directors hid: had some.contention with the-Board of Trad eth respect to Si'gnal- Sslf -$hich - t<inepessamy. - ch uirty aad,-howvr iven way a little ;-a csimwomise had becn effected, and the<l ine would now :bo op5ened for passenger traffic. , T,h,ey tE, oughti :iglitnot t-o, give 'yay to the )lsard of Trade itl -ai 'mattei,s ,-wbich --the tBd nrd.ight - 'enannd. or su,ggest,: They -werme of opiion, indeed, . that they I wlo's, hab was right as well as The Board6f Trade did. (Bear; --heei.) 'He Ithe chalrmi ;l-eeie'ed it was .- -reat mristake to -multiply signailAs. - Tt-ybody look: at liu:Rghysu1d an, at ,D,e,rby by ei'ht, and they ,would, at once see 'tbatThemultip1icityofrcd ana^greenligbtsrrs confusmsms, aidtat it wa's impossible-for way ma .-eroept, he 'las- iLta oE great e:;perience, to work a train wi'thA Asfety. into 'ther. o' -these e-tabions_ They:'*onld resiollecs 'that--ab their l-eesuretng 'he a*ntwed.-tlia-tLheyshossfi -ehtai 6 jbill for the - raisingof annitional 'cspzitsl, ThntS ibil thoulgh OAles sitatin t avil th.R'510011 Of itg T in propoted, ~~tIss,der., *0 b ask lb. 13Gise atnt.?p smOt meetig to Tant tm.o wS z ie-29hDi gentlemen-wlto u- ~~onLdok in & ffairs Of -the-company, and:its grea t -:of: c IG rwovld at m m ths they must- hLve more iitt h were Ot -Awara a ortnighte agd that they ij;wediaweJj i4at tire money.- They, o r- aoreoiri 1i a th mor ab is t uld it preot oo,s orei duringthe last h-yer, ; ieamounted, -bi sntaxted, to-W5000?.~ This was -not anunadi".increase,1seein,the, larg icrease of traffc; -With re i-etq to th~ -future, he S the next session. He had certainl7 stated that hW would lmenton the-praojet tforlTe liomtio a mew line iu the meighboffo6do 'l-cled Dof the London an d _YontdiWaer 0 yt of which he af 'u bebuh. had not U =d .himgt e -wa -plfsedged -- A1r e 4 - h -wava3 averse o exjseediter~for- the formatica o&onew lihse,, he c b heAdoption of thereport. .Afer om obervtins b&report, was unamnnusly adop~d,adadyjded athp, rate, of 4 per.tent. per annum, as m~js2~ eport,-wza d irce to ba pai o - Th-to SeOtember DO - 3fr.:Hwtstn roposd sieslntio to the efJc A that It the proper-anexpeientthatall travelling-on thtir line of raiay o theLords-dy' should be avoided exoE~ttin cases 0f56 neesityanndmec, and ath the directors bes tnetd to conau th0t printople." ir.30oeNsEc most cord,iiiy -seconded fhe raotio, and lir.ged that none except m-ran ough t be -suffered to tIavelon thei ord's.dav.- n t * ° a -The C-snn,ues- obCerv4 Theym ere b Parliament to run on Sundays o h itln~rig antl Ulie. . They never raexclJon trais-w h*nnda.y He could nUt however, Agree-wishMr. Howa& -R-ailways -were now-AlmosftThe only *ean of "rvUing& anda if it 'was forbidaen- on a Sun4ay he believed ther' w- uld be i5 - fdntel,-more Sabba athan~ iat the preasse time. D"m- to Ieetinhe , only s_n or sevea had -=r 'hel ua -; io . it -aq4 And. =s¢ ~~ he1d~~~p in ittavu~ n twescoissuently be. -~t . - SS. o Xhe meeting t.hen grantdteircrspwr6bro ILEEDS,. BRADFORD, AND)- HALIFAX XUTIN ON, The Gildersoie branch ce this line, whiclh ouxt an extensivae al district, -ws opened viously been examined by the Goc directors andl theirfi- strefj h ra ~rhr unhen-tgeheratthe Ban HotLTebnc,iuc IrOS~~l Iorngayd.ffi2_c DD i DC XSfo as bou si mies n lngh, fcominene atapan n gilesm-te tiliaelyll thed branch -wtihlibe connete - - -SOUTHA O DOCMK Thereportof the directors of this cOMay stiae, that the net revenue for the has-year ended- tr e 0th of June, 1856, after- payment of the interesft onx the debecetare debt, of. the, dividends on the preference stocks, azd bf-all the w,orkin expenses, repeirs, &c., a3nounts to 7,000?. ' to -whichL i3 ade 39. h surplus fr6m. last aocount; making thia baacaviblfo dividend, -7739? From tl&irsm the directrs recmmendthat 'A dlividend for the half-yer, at terate of 4- per cent. Pe-,,annum, paable onm the 30th inst., be- declared, anioultng on ,1 to. 7,211U.; lev I srlst be carried to thcreditof-the next hal-yer o 52?. heincreamein the gros revenue for the last half-yar over th correpndig alf-year f 1855 is 1,55?, ndtheinreseof divaend.for thessnmeperiodis at Therae o oe-hlfper cent, _per annum on -the oidinr capial tockof he cmpay. helengthening of the jetties on he estbak o th clsedock Ias ezab1edfZem.nt, afford aceommodatio~ to alae number of vessels- whichL hAve reenl beenL dicare fo he transport - srvice In order nter toin aehaccmmodtioof u clo~oca-, -they havecausetoboe Olsrcte.Ont,s. aouthLSidi,of the open doclk, at an expense not exofedzngl,50?.a sbitaUntial jetty, 241 f eet lohig an cl40 f4it d-wl"hichnowar if r-two - eceen,-qayer~to the-irget-Abipiofth5 RoyalMail Comiany. . This arrsagemea* at ** swanetime, -adipits the loading and discIargingo ci the Havyest'aamene at a berth imu .mediatey in1ront of the :Fee wrhue wihwspre-iousy occuypied by the Rvoyal Mail ships Th ecit on caitalaccount to the 30th of June amounLted to 75-9,245?. The r-evenue zeceipts gradualy in. creased, Irom. 4,018 in 184 to 52,4421- iaL 185V Thge amountedain 185to 8,9g7?.;-in1846 to iS,2031. an 1842' -to 17,333.;---in-1W4 to-19,534.; in-1849 to 20'543- in 1850, to 20,613?; in 1851 to 26,391?.;i 1852 t 30303? in 1853 tOM3, ?; in lSstqo4~3,50l4 TRARFI rUETUNS. - - aU"My. open.,- sengeew.chandi,e 31&%. 585. Wseeodngugetj ~ . . X. 'Week eidlzig Angos 0<- 7, . _-. 2389 . 2,9 Week ending AuWt1. ---- - - 3elfad and Bailyme- . ,es-L c Veskanei9adon . 20. -. .2 ' i 15 (Cork, MiAcL-ocl, and Pa*. -~_ WAielso d - ilem,..31 . . . - 31~492 z. Waeeked ln.a'Ukenst 197. - j~.dseanKerh.Wetem 37. - . - . 6713 66.100 'Exeinsire of kuffic de under agreiemet wih -b -oe and botLh-urnRaiwa 3LOYMPanY. te 'sTotal for raiway only, thetrkaffcon the can_lbelng 2stopped for repairs - -~ ~ ~ ~~~lknc-- I Th reirnfron 1heIt Otnly 186, nclde bctlntberoc
-LOYDOlr, THUSDAY, AUGUJSI 21 18w. The last act of the late Conference at Paris was za geat reform in the law of nations. If we are -jorbidden to hope for the speedy arvival of the time ivn wmars bala be no more, there is at least the Con_oIDtion that hosztiities are in each aucceeding ,j-ont, ducted in a more humane and generous In this respect the pret age, sd by its deUactrs to be wanting in bighbred courtesy and chIalx, show brightly in comparison -with those old times when the waricor was most romantic and polished. Not to mention the wars- of -the middle ages, when Princes, the mirors of knighthood, hanged and burned their prisoners without mercy, we may think with satisfaction that the deeds of WALLrzisTn anl TnLY, of Louws XIV., and even of generals as late as the Anierican war, are now. a moral impossibility. All plundering of an enemy's country is now avoided as much as possible by a commander who has the honour of his country at heart. Even the hard measure the laws of war allow in the case of a town taken by storm would now hardly be put in practice if officers could by any means restrain an infuriate and triumphant soldiery. 33ut unhappily this milder code has not yet been extended to maritime warfare. It is evident that morally no difference exists between the plunder of private goods in a house and in a ship at sea. - If the farmer and tradesman has a right to possess his own in peace, even when the province he inhabits is occupied by a soldiery hostile to his Sovereign, it is surely reasonable that the same property when in couise of transport for sale, should be sacred from the enemy's cruisers. But the fact is that the laws of war were made in and for other times than these. In ali ages there have been homesteads and vworkshops the property of the poor fo'r which both mediieval priest and modem lawyer felt bound to demand protection, but the freights of rich mercliartmen -were considered to belong'to a wealtlhy, and, to some extent, a governinig 'class, who had no claim. to the forbearance of the hostile State. Now, however, cormmerce is the natural pursuit of all classes, and every' year sees men of humbler means taking a share in the trade of - the New World, India, and Australia. In the war with France it was customary to allow fishermen to follow their occupation in peace,- while letters of marque were issued for the capture of every kind of trading vessel. Forty years have refined even this morality, and, though the vwa with Russia gave no opportunity for privateering, there can be little doubt that the issue of letters of marque would have been looked upon as unworthy of the time we live in, and, if resorted to, would have greaty embittered the struggle. So, after settling the affairs of Turkey, Greece,the Principalities, the Black Sea, and the Baltic,-after reviewing the position of the POPE and the X ing of NArLs,-the Plenipotentiaries at Paris resolved on declaring some general principles for the humanizing, as far as possible, of future hostilities. Count IWYALWS uI,rged that, as the Treaty of Westphalia establshed freedom of conscience,_nd the Congress of Vienna condemned the slave trade, so the conferences which closed the Russian war should not come to an end -without doing something for the cause of civilization. Accordingly, in the last protocol it is declardd that privateering is and remains abolished, that the neutral flag covers enemy7s goods, that the enemy's flag does not condemn to forfeiture neutral goods, and, that blockades, to be binding, must be effective. These resolutions, when agreed to by the contracting Powers, were sent to several Governments for acceptnce, and among them to the Government of the United States. The answer of MIr. MILRcy, the American Secretary of State, has just been published. It is written withl no small ability, and will, no doubt, command the attention of European Governments. Mr. MIUcYpoints out the obviOus logical defect in the principle enunciated by the Conference. If it be desirable, for the sake of humanity, that private property shall be respected on sea as on land, it mustbe desirable that its capture by men-of-war should be prohibited as well as by privateers. The European Governments, therefore, says the Secretary of State, have not consistently carried out their oYwnl principle. -If private property is to be captured it must be by _ any species of vessels which the belligerent State3 choose to employ. Privateers at sea are anal0gous to volunteer levies on land, and the IUnited States, which have neither a large army nor a large navy, cannot consent to limit t-hemselves to any description of force in defending themselves. A comparison is then made of the naval forces of England and America, and it is added that not only regard for her own safety, but even a sense of what is due to the other small naval Powers, obliges the Republic to oppose a regulation which should debar any State from makincg 'use of volunteers by sea as well as by land. Now, there is much truth in this, though the European Governments are not so inconsistent as may seem. They certainly have not taken a broad view of the subject, simply because one or two have -possibly deemed that their neighbours were as yet unwilling to countenance any sweeping change. No one can doubt that a country like England, whose commerce covers every sea, would be glad enough to find the whole wo:ld agreeing to respect private property on board ship. But it wasnot quite certain that soFie of her neighbours would acquiesce in a doctrine which would seem to give greater advantages to a mation whose supposed monopoly of commerce already excites the envy of the world. Therefore philanthropy has tried to obtain as much as possible.; and, in spite' of the arguments of Mfr. MYiAo, we think tnere is a great difTerence between tIle moraity of privateering and the capture by ships c war alone. No doubt the captain ad crew of a ship of war are to some extent encouraged by a hope of prize mooney; but it. must be allowed that officers educated in a high sense -of honour,, and looking for their reward in reputation and a good standing -with their Bofession and the public, are likely to carry out the systea of capture in avery different spirit from mere adventurers united only by a thirst of gain. Tha crew of a Government vessel is subjeded to a severe disciplined; its captain is obliged to funish a strict account of all bis proceedings. Very different is the case of the pSivateer; the crew are generally. the most wild and ruthess of a prefes. sion which is apt tO encour,ge a disregard of restraint; they go anywhere and do anything with littlo questioning froim their own Government. Their responsibility is lessened by their very obscurity, and generay is such that nothing short of actual atrocities could lower them in the opinion of their fel%ws. In fact, privateering is too apt to degenerate into piracy. The captain of such a vesselwill take every advantage, without pity or remorse, while an officer of theregularnavy is hardly likely to strtch rights to the u4- tmost- dI embitter the coonest by crulelty and rapacity. ,- ;Sofar,thmnthe EuropeanPowerswere iused in proposing the abolition - of privateering, een if they vwent no further. But now they arle asked to go further. 'The American Government accepts their proposition, but generalizes theprinciple. "If," sayaMr. MAIcv, in effect, 'F youwill. abolish alto, "gether the right of capturing private property, pri"vateering ends as a matter of course; buf. if vall "r etain this right, wPe wsvl not consent to limit sthe exercise of it to any class of veselV" Finally the American SecretaTy moves 3hia amendment. To the words, "Privateering is and remains abo"lished," he proposes to add, " and the private pro"perty of the subjects or citizens of a belligerent "on thehigh seas shall be exemnted from seizura "by public armed vessels of the other belligerunt, "except it be contraband." Thus for the first time a most imDortant principle is proposed for the adoption of the civilized world, being nothing lezs than the extension to maritme trade of ,a2£0.Ut ;mmunity from acts of- warfa =It. ' is now a question- .for the fanily of -n.ation% whether they will decide that a cargo of sugar on the Atlantie is as sacred as. the same art:ilewhen stored in the warehouses of a captured seaport. it is evident that if the propcsition of the' 'United States be adopted modern warfare - will be entirely revolutionized. The subject is of the bighest importance, andcwill,no'doubt, be discussed with earnestneBs andc good faith.
Professor AYrTroN, a gentleman of whom we speak with all respect, has addressed to us ' letter in defence of the absurd and oppressive verdict -recently obtained against the proprietors of. the Scolsmanc, and this letter we print to-day. We admit at once that Professor AYToux hasthrown a new light upon thii disreputable buasines s, in so far that he has explained to the world that the squabble was betheen two sections of the 3Liberal- party at Edinburgh rather than between Consrvatives and Liberals. If this be so-and we do not for a moment dispute the statements of a gentleman who is, no doubt, far more accurately informed upon the loc'al politics of E3dinburgh than we can be-let-the argament so far I>be rectified. This. modification, however, does not touch the point at issue.. The real question is whether the remairks which appeared in the Srotsman deserved to be visited with a verdict carrying damages of 4001., and costs to the extent of some 600t. more. - We care not what the antecedents of the journal may have been, to what political party it may belong, or to what political party the 'gentleman 'whom it attacked may be attached. Mr. lFL&stx-cfor such is this gentleman's nam-e-may, for aught we k-now to the contrary, be'the mnost_ excellent and exemplary Scotsman alive. Every syllable which appears to his prejudice in the &oftenan may be entirely false. It is not a point on which, in the plenitude of our ignorance, we are competent to offer an opinion; butstill the questibn remains,-Does the language employed constitute a case for the interference of a court of law, and the infliction of so severe a penalty ° There is notliing like coming to facts; so, here are the very words of the libel as quoted at the trial:- " Mr. rLaren's long and absolute rule over his followers is an undeniable proof of his power of mind and will; but all things have their limits, and surely he yesterday over. stepped. the bounds permitted to him even by the most blinded md besotted of his follovwe. It was a most painfal instance of how a clever and useful man may ruin hiunself by mere sotnzess of souL We cannot trust ourselves to comment on such a spee,---old principles cast to thewind, old friends traduced, their eres scoffed at, and their deaths predicted; venom in every word, and a dagger in every sentence!." "At Mr. Brown Douglas's meeting . . . with the electors of the south side the most conspicuous feature wras the conduct of Mr. DuncanMrLrenaschairman. The like of it, we venture to say, was never seen iefore at any Edinburgh meeting, howeverlow; ia character, and though presided over by the humblest man or the keenest partisan. Every elector who rose to exercise his right of speech or question was received with a volley of taunt and insolence from tho chair; and,'if he happened to have once been a member of the chairmans own committee (meaning the Iiberal committee, to which Mr. WLaren formerly ha. longed) so much the more was he insulted and browbeaten. "-There is no maa of whom, though we would it had been otherwise, -we have had to say harder things than of Mrn Duncan M'Laren. At this moment, not insidiously, but to his teetb, we charge him with deserting principles and traducing friends and deceiving enemies, and acting only for his owunpurposes and especially his own mahigni. tics." This is- vulgar writing enough, with a strong savour of provincialpolemicsi. NoLondon journal of the first class would make such a literary mistake-even if not restrained by higher motivesas to deal in I'venom," and "daggers," and "; malignitie3."- These are things of another day, before journalism had attained the Sigh position which it now occupies. It would have been much better had such paragraphs not been written, and we trust that for the future the conductors of the Scotsman will remember that they sin agpLbst their own craft when they descend to such vulgar abuse. But should, the publication of such abuse -however improper-in the midst of an electioneering squabbleo have been visited with so severe a penalty ? From the statements made by Professor ArToux and the gentlemen who maintain the justice of the verdict it appears to have been notorious that the S&otswmwr -was a party journal, which professed to act in the iuSerest of party, and therefore, luring the heat of the contest, about the same degree of credit -was attached to its statements as usually falls to the lot Df an eleetioneering placara. It is unfair to judge the alleged1 hbel in the Sucvsmnw by comparing it with what appears in be London jourals-for instance,im our own 1eadin columns. The real point is to con3ider what is the usual tone of the Edinburgh. press a-han the electioneering feveris at- its height. Will Prfessor AyTouN, or anybedy else, venture to ,saert that the strictures in the St&eu-na esneed ri boldness-in vulgarity, if you will-the mitterwich has appeared from tine to- timne upon such Deeasions in the ether Scotch jorals, whatsver their political opinions. may ba. Acrimony seem to be, unhappily, an inseparable inci3ent of provincial 'politics, Scotchmen dowith a little macee- energy what otLer men. do elsewhere eith less of power cdidetermination. Whether the point be to hang Captain ParEous, or to gibbet & pblitical opponent in Edinburgh, ithe matter in hiad "is done " not negligently." T'he Irish press bas from time to tine favouired the empire with soe specimens of spirited denunciation, bat fhese febrile effods fal1 into insignificance when. zompared with the efrective hitting of tle Scottish literary pugilists- Naw, why should one jounal be seected for punishment more thn another 7 Professor AvrouN teUs us thate every man's hand waa against it :' The whole newspaper-press. o- ' Edinburgh-Tory, Whig, and Eiical, with bne, " single exception," which -was thzS,otsrwi1,.> took side with MT. AFLAnm against Mr. BLACe, a4 as a natural consequence, the jc-zrnal which consituted the. single exception was selected foi punishm3ent. In such a state of the puldlic mind there could be little difiiulty in ebtaiaing a' verdict; butt, as a matter of justice, ihe resd t was uusmair and opprewsive, and as a question of party tactics a sheer maistake. The sfnl4athies cZ anl men, when th&heat of- the election 'is over, will bo with the jouxnn which has. been uWairly treated, and as,aiust t'nose pesons who could condescend to eriploy such a weapn. Lo'oking at -the ques'Iyon 'from anot er- point of view, *e must most unequvocally condenmn the policy of such prosecutions against the; press. Ieave. 'the evil to work its own remedy. Leave 'the preag, -which affects to lead, and which _Fshould lead pablie opinion, to the judgment of public opinion. Do not' make a martyr of the 'first vulgar fnatic who 'uises language to an -opponent under the incognifo ' of j6urnaiism which he- would not be willing to ackstowledge before the face of men. , Wherever journalism is directed in such a spirit, its conductors may be fully assured that nowr-o'-days they are simply'standinig in their own liglt. Integrity above suspicion, moderation as the rule, but unflinching firmness in the denunciation of public abuses when occasion may arise, are the only bases upon which our influence can be 'maintained. These fierce and foolish Scoth .jurmen have bestowed -a crown of martyrdom, whell they would ;have done much better to have passed on their way in indifference or contempt. 'We still maintain that, to our judgment, the 'narl<miof' the 'Scofsrnix do niot apear to &exed in severiy the usual measure of, Scotch polemiCs.' -P rofessor AYTouN i pre-eminently a schola aud a gcntlema. iteraEre should have softened his manners and. restrained him from ferocity. ILet us see how he understanda political writiing.' Here is a shor extrat from his letter, whih will -be found in, extenso in another portion -of :our columns this day. The victim aspersed with Scottish rosewaier is5 we presunae, the Editor of the otsnian, from whose opinions Professor Axoux disagrees But it is a difrteret thing when newspapsa, gder e he pretence of maintAining public principles, attack individuual with ranuorous peronalities, and lacerate the fediingi of private -ei by the insinuation of the foulest and most g.noble motives. mad thst: vnder tJme zordia cautation,of increasing ih emolurennt. of the paper, or of teuring to the editor Mte faour of the partyi- in; power, and a. good p.2IacC tn: ~ pective as the reward of low sypkiha y and; unscrudulous partisanship. In such cases I maintain thab ai action by the caliuiatea individual andthe verdict o. a jury with swinging damages come fairly into play, and that without in any way crippling the legitimiate liberties of thepress." - - We trust the lesrned Profe or:will be. answerable for his own thunderbolts-we promise him that we do not asaist in the eplfoxiO6 without certain twinges of compunction. But when one of the most accomplshed scholars, of Edinburgh uses, such eiceedingly sharp .pens, and -when such. is the iusual -tone of the Scotch press at elec-. tioneering -times, why this verdict against- the Scotsmanv ?-. -.
The evidence given before tne "Select Com"mittee on the Adulteration of Food," and pub. lished with their report, will revive the animated discussions of last year, asid recall public attention to: a subj3ct in which it never ceases to take a -vital interest. Eating and drining are neither a religious nor a romantic subject, but they have one advantage. The interest which is taken in them may be defective in quality, but it is strong in quantity. There is no doubt whatever that the subject commands universal sympathy. It is, perhaps, too much to say in the present instance that this is a proud position for it; we are afraid it is indebted for such a pre-eminence to the infirmities and frailty of our nature full as mniuch as to -philanthropy or science. However, we are' not at present going to pander to the luxorious or qpicurean tastes of otur readers; we are -not going to mourn over the adulteration of cayenne, or confectionery, or wvines, but only to see 'what is said on the very solid and simple subject of bread. - Is it Utopian to expect. that bread in this country will ever again be made of wheat, and rvheat only, without foreign ingredients ? TFhis seems at first sight a simple anc humble kdnd of desideratum. It is rocrely wishing that what is universally professed should be true. The Mteory is, that aU our bread is made of -wheat, and nothing else. Moreover, there is no point on which all mankind are agreed to be so particular as their bread. No one class in society can twit any other -with its scruDmdousness on thiq subject; the married cannot taunt the old bachelor -with his particularity, or the old hosekeeper the new one. Wherever you go people talk about br-ead. It stands next to the weather as a- common. topioAnd-tle curious thig is, too, that every other man thinks he has goL some, pecUliar ldodge by! which he is in the enviable enjoyment of pure and unimpeachable wheaten bread, to the exclusion, of| all the rest of the human race. it is very old that what everybody talks about, and everybodAy is determined to have,, should be,-aftei alI,.a rare privilege. But such appears to -be the case,- and this last repsrt adds its testimonyv to the many others ivhich have been given - before upon-the almost universaladulteration of bread. It is true that. 40 bak;ers of London and the vicinity have, through Mfr. CAILAn, communicated their declaration to the committee that they do not use alum; but, as London and its vicinity m3us contain some 2,000 or 3,000 baker}, such a delaration simply amounts to. an assertion, -rightly or wrongly made, of their own superior virtue by a small fraction of the profession. This is the old story, however; what we want to observe now is not so miuch the fact of the adulteration of bread by alum, with which we are familiar enough, as the tendency in part- of the evidence connected -with this repasi to justify the adulteration. It is true Mi. BAsuoex, Dr. OirALicr, Dr. Cpiarn,-r, and Mr. Rwnoxns all speak to the ahnost universal mixture of alum with bread, and also to the unwholesoeeeness of the mixture. But Mrx. Iws Tzom sow, an analytical chymist, disputes this point, and draws a distinction between alumn ancd the component materials of alum. Ee admits that a zufficient quantity of alum is generally mixed witeh our bread to operate unwholesomely, were it reaUy al-m when it is eaten ; but he asserts that in the proeess of ba3ing the alum is decomposed, and that the eater of the baked- loaf only takes iZL along with the genuine - bread aulphurie- acid, potash,, ancd al-umna-the component pacts of alumwhich in separation he does not consider unhealthy. He is reminded that" "Baron Lu has given an - t opinion that the- use of alumn in bread is very "injurious," and anawews, "That is quite possible; "-he has probably not investigated the circum"stance, whi-ch I haTe been the firA to make "known, that the alum is dooomposed. He "argues uponI the supposition that the alum "rein3, sand aU the arguments I hxve yet soen ¶' are founded- upon the suppodsion that the alum is swallowed, -and an astringent effeet. is ascmibed "to-it." The samne-witeasis- askedu the reason for using alum, and h1' replies that "-it whiteMs the 'flour ;" and on the Oaairman pushinga him further, and asking w1bther he measz that 'inferiio- flour may be pass;) off as superior "simply by the admixtre ei alum," replies that "the quiality oi the bread is improred, "whatever be the kid, or if our which is enm" ployed^'" - - - Now, thlea, comea ia whba may be1 called- the casuistry of baking. The (DAairman calk attention to the fa-,t that alum, even if, upon Mr. THomsoils theory, iimocuous, is till uxd for the purpose of deception, and for passing effinferior fiour as superior, '- the alumi maldng it white and of " better appeanrnce 7J' and. ask whether there. is not s6nethif-g wrong in such a proceeding being allowed. :tut Air. Taosusoix re-pliea " that there -would bl, ii you preventedthe person who uses "better -flour- fromr. additig vlum too; but hee " would have the - same power of raising-- the"qauuillty' of lila breiad.? The - caauisti&- risult is, that thegiiilt of the deception is removea by - its universality. - England, as a whole is indeed taken- in, ~and n;de -i ~thini-that its wheat pr6duce whiter -bresad than it re6lly does; lSut one baker does not wrong another, beause if alum can make -indifferent floilr white it can mike good flour whiter..:. So, though the 'whtaens of our bread as a whole is raid, tho different degrees of it temain the same, and the relation of better to wors goes on as before. W. MoFrAT "If al thebikers n london ree oie a Mitte alern11 their bread to make it look wrhitw b the brod athe country, is there aiy frid Oomrnaivd on the pubic !.-I do not see that there is." - Lord CLTJE HAMUTON, however, will noalow the matter to rest upon this subtle and ingenious basis, but puishes the argument a step further, anl asks, "-Do you think, if a baker were to put up a " notice in his aho6wiidow thathe sold white bread " ied with alum, he would obtiin many cus"-tomers I" To -which the answer is, "No, ss certstnAPiy -n6b.'- I ihave- no doubt, the public " ouldfancy' there was- something injurious in the alum.' The. inference is' -pproaching, then, -with fatal steadiness, that. the uLser of alum is, as a matter 'of fact, imposing on thepublic; hut MIr. MOFAT steps mi to the rewue am ah "If the paNic 'ere as . i o at Ibjed as yourself, do you tin them wouli be any Preference shoi by themr for biead in which. there' is no lum over breat -in which there is slim'?" - The public, then, it: is a'lowed, prefer bread without alnu, but an ingenious asiitry lifts the baker above the public, and allows him to treAt -the latter as a -child wno. is led away by fancy anid prejudice, but whose ieal and solid interest the baker know0s much better -than hinself.. We have lno doubt'that"l3r. MoFFAT 'givres the iew taken in the trade. on this subject, and that this is very much the -sort of axgmnent on 'which 'the -whole scandal and grievance of "bakers' bread" b'akes ita itand.- There csn.e no doubt that the bakers could. give Us -pure wheat bread if they 'would -nothing' could be easier-; but -they are carried away by-the spirit of rivalry ind coinpetit{ion, every man trhing to make his bread look whiter and better than his neighbour'sr. They use a. deceitful expedient for this-purpose in the shape of alum,. and they say, " Oh, there is no ham in " it, because every baker can do the same; so there "is not really any unfair advantage takeu by "one baker over- another." The public, indeeb , it is'knowai wvnt pure~ wFhef bread, but then 'the- bakers agree 'that the public is prejudiced,- and that altun will do them no hanm, and they give themselves the license of an esoteric light and superior acpuaintance with the subject. And when they have acted on this view, and for alang time Imied ill the bread in Epglan(d vwith alum; when they have familiarized the public with this false colour of bread, then they take advantage of the mistake which they themselvez have 'caused to -claim! the public on their aide, and say that people will not buy any bread but what is niied withalum. The fact is appealed to that "a baling company established at -Birmingham to supply the public with genuine "bread mew with a very great opposition from the "public on account of the colour of their bread, "havingto explain tothe people thatthebreadwas " not naturally of a white appearance, but of a yel" owizh colour." Such is the ground of the conspiracy which is now depriving the whole comntry of good bread; and it -is only an instance how very easily people can justify to themselves any mode of action to which they are accustorled, a,nd with -which their interests agree.
LIATEST INTELLIGENCE. RUSSEL- The Mainitefr of yesterday publishes the following corresposdence from St. ?etersburg - '"ST. PETERSBURG, Aue. 13. Count de Xorny, the hFzoneh Ambasedor, arrived here, overland, on Tuesdkylawt, with some of the members of: his embassy, and aiighte at -the Hote Woronzoff I)ahkoff. On Thorady he presented his letters of ore dewe to the Xmpemor at the Imperial Pilaee of Petef hoL The -following- day wae the fiue-day of Her IJajesty the Empresm Count de Horny we inTited, witlr all the ormoBers of his embassy, to, spend the two days- at BFeierhof, aithough, according - to Russian' cutom, the dplomiatio crpe is not invited to these family festiivals. Altr his reoeption by the Emoperor, thie Amossador as received by the 1apreSS, to whom he presented the members of Iss Legapti presentatione to therTrinces followed. - In t.h evening iere - was a private baUl at the Palace,to hich orly the intimate friends of The" Imperial family , wore invited. Count de Mormy wasthe object of 3arked attenSion. To-day andto-morrow ho will recelve, as is customary, the-visits of the diplormtid corps and of the Ministers and high cil and military functionaries. : "Lord Granille and Pnince sterhazy present their letters of credence to-morrow to -te Emperor aM Peterhof. "The Prince de Ligne,. the BDEgian Ambae.dor, is expected on 8aturday, as is also Baron de Seebhad, the .Sacon Envoy. "The Diplomatic Corps will leave for Mesew on the 22d. The departue of the Emperor is fixed for the 26th; his solemn entry4ill take place on the 29th ; the coronation will bo on the 7th of September; aud the Cout wil return to St. Petersburg at the end of the month." *'The Moziteurr also announces the departure from Paris of the Emperor, Empre, and Frince Imperial for Biarxitz. It likewise announces the dep-ukre of Prinae Jerome for Havre. A telegraphic despatsh from Conztantinople, dated the 18th inst., announces that General Pariset, with the remainder of the French troops, had Ieft the Turkish terrItory. The Rusian Embassy at Paris has xeceived the official notificafion .that quarantine has been reestablished on te coasts of the lack Se and of the Sa of Ako£.
.I AoTm HoAx.-A week or two since sevea of our contem poraies publisede a fakSe report of the death of Lord Dumlanr:g. The same report was sent taus, but.instead of adopting it we inediately made inquirie at hisl ordsl1ds house, aud. thus escaped mialwding our reades On Saturday last the Globe jlyu shed an equally false report of "Another doubke3nurder ner Dovvr " the eoncoctor of the report having, to save hmswlf the trouble of inveution, adopted auet every detal in the L]a± murder of two girls by'Li foreiga soldier ear the same town. Yesterday two. of our contemporaries published, as a law report from the " Covut.of Exchequer," a most affecting stoxy of seduceion., which iahapp Re uiilly the *ork of some fertile hon. in thus described iu the Wo of last night: "A rsport of a se&csiio eose, enttitek 'S.epberd v. :gto la earc for -h assw=ent of da e before -onze of he sMate of the -COrt of Exeliequler). appearsiuscnerof orrxnorning ooitempoaaies. The manuscript o£ the sa.m,z,xOrt Ws sent *os YeSterdr fo insetion, but bar angrsnto suspectitiiedn' we decei t iseti We havsine instituted parinquiiies, ani wefindtbAtAhe r,port musti be an entire fabriation. iNo suc.h c ewas h~'este6bry beore any of tfie blaslers, ana thereis:noreeood of the reporte& judgment of . damages -Our ecitemporaries lave. thLu been vieiu.ied by some unprinciplad npeon, 'rho fabricates Sotitious v_portsfor the sake of tbfe susonwuneration." Now, we by no menaffet to be infallible. &o one whcnoknu at what pressure- a jou*alist works,I and how rapidly his deon must .b ial.e; ca-n pretend to avoid alerrors; but we must say that theee three cases. our: contemporaries have not exercised their usual caution. lu-the first vl:y isimnple precaution *ould have saved themn; ini the- second, the clumaineessef the forgery hu.bvi suggested suspicion; nin the last, there was acrz u abeence-of'namnes and. date-the day on which ths. imagM7y cause was tried'or the name of the er who heard it being -withheld-which should-have convicted it as afabncation. Welear our colleague of ihe press wereall "oeut of .town," The Chancellor o6f the Fiche4uer acel6wledmes the ireceipt of the, seoand. halves of one note for 200t. -(No. 80275),- and another for lo1. 'to 36M)i for Income-tax erroneoi l tned, fom His:Royal :Efighneasthe-Duke of Cambridge, as General Commanding in Chief,.held a leyee yes4edAi fekrnoon et the.lorse Gards 'here there was a full attnd. imce ofoffioers. Mr. . J. _ E. - Tayl6r-, CB Deety4nzpector Ganeial of Mili't?tryospitels,,who hasg i rj*uearel from *h Crimea, hhs eFa citr _ th uf-4 College of Surgeons in consideration oE his'valj;b eL. e contributions to the advanement oE zniJita surerY .Lomz-no2 GrEA1ER OxN-an6 Cowry.-Trafic receipt for the week endingugst 16, lO,703g. l0 3d.
| T1rB M-DITSRR N. I' (BY YLECTPhC TEGPAPH.) -i SO3l U A-TOIN, WF5DESD B- 2 G. By the Peninsular sndOzientl CompanYsstesmer Indus, Captain Brooks, with the Indian and tfe6iteranean ails, we have datea-Alexandriax oth; IAlta, 10th; Gibraltar, 16th. The Indus bings 154 -paengers, inclading the RoyalFamily of Onde-and suite. Her Majesty Ai in good health, and has borne the voyage admirably. I' v consequence of it being lov water the time the Indus arrive, she ws prevented from ooming into dock; and,- owing to a S.B. gale blawing, reabt difculty vas experieiAced int conmunicating -with the chip, anl it v= not until two hours after the xiival that the mis could be got ashore. The Royal party will remain on board during the night. The Indus brings a full cargo of silks, tlephante teeth, &c. Ouz inteigente from G$21 altaris to the 15th ink. The steam-nrausport Jarrow arrirad on the 13th from thc Dardanelses with US mtles and 76 aleteem The animals are to be sold out of thr aervice. The Jarrow, after coalihg, would leave for Cadiz to embark the remainder of the horses per Clarendon, wFhich sprg a leaL- In ife Straits a short time since, after which she will proceed to Spithead. The sailing-troopship Resistance, in tow of the Government steam-tugBaster, left Gibraltar on the 13th, from Sebastopo for Spithead, with guns. auchiosr, &e., bezid- a nuidber of the medical staff and Land Trarport Corps. The steam-ransport New Terton, Captain aI. t. Xett, with Governmaent stores, arrived from the BlC1k Se and Mlta, and would leave for Spithead, after coalhi, on the 14th. The sergeant, coi-,*ral, and 11 men who were bhrsgt to Gibraltar by Her Majestys stean-xAop Centar from MainLa on the -27thul, ,and encampednear the`convict establishment, embarkea in a Portaguese craft, which sviled for Bortugul during the might of the 15th. HIer 3ajestys stemhipFeaurius returned fomTaagisr on thel.3, and leftimniately for Tetuaa. The Cylope, from Constmtinople for Spitlea, had arriveS at Gibralta,
TO THE .BDITOR OF T£E MES'. !Sir,-In your paper of thi mnorning I find a narrative of the most atrocuiis action thathas been perpetrated in our times, and you have mnarked it with jut indina,tion. I refer io the murder (for * murder it wFas) of the Rom3n tribune, Atornio .Brunetti, and his to sons, one 19, the other only 1S years of age. The youths never had committed .that crme -which is now held the most heinous by the rulers of the world,-in short, they never :had fought for the liberty of their country andE its .establshed laws. The father had been AWcted to hold the highest office of the State, by tle-umanimous'woice of iis feflow-countrymen, for his energetic probity. Justly, Sir, have, you spoken of Gariblai as one '; than whomn a raore uprightand honouraVe man has not adorned the modern anals of Ily." He (Ganrbaldi) trnsmitted to you the authentic xecord. ofthis Iolia murder. The father, as youx are informed, rendered great sertice to the Rapaq when it was most in dsuger, and was courted nd caressee, byPioNono. 'Whether justice and gratitude ares amnong the cttrdiu irtues IE inquire nt; certain I am they -are not amongtheproitylos. The tribune, sawahis especial duty, resisted thearmizes of a pare idions invader. The- Pope, scarcely less perfidious, abaudosaed The cauLse in which he had joined the fribune; and this brare man, this iruous -magistrate, was driven from his native contrto the extremity of the Apennines, and wamrderedon themraes of the Po. By'whoi wa this groco deed committed t Committed bw ustian soliers, commanded by a prince of Austr Sir, theworlddis under a triunrrate of E:ators. England is but a dependency; Germnany -sways what a few y.ears ago it was nlot ludicrou: -to call G~reat Britin; Russia swys Germny, ani there is a Colossus which has a ioot over each. Nation% have lost thcir tndependene their power. of resistance, and evein of remcmrance. lhat:. is 'left to them? Antiquity tellUs. Justice, irivin fronm the iarth, t-hunder above, and will-strike those heads which have been called sacred. Neer Wu there a time when theearth-wasso effte.- -No great man, no image of A greit mau, stands apos i. "Tengeqnce is Mine". says God, -but God,' in His omnipotence, may use as Eis engine-of vangeance ome-very. minLte msteriai-one animated atomn. W*LTEl SiLVAGR-IA&NDOP ±4g. 19.
THE MAH,&-LVERIOOL Aiug. 20.-As stt4ad iv 2The Times of ronday, the Boyd Mai-, clhpper ship Wliite Star saled from this port for Melbourne to-day, having a full cargo and 400 peebers on boari, among 'whom waq Lrr. Luiroor, agent for-the new. Europe and AlStrain Siexmiip CoBpany, and famlily. ~The United States mail ijeam tip:Eori- aileR forNesT9 to-day ith 25 passengers; and lso, tbis afternoon, the African mnail steaer liagara took her departare -lience for P1,. month, whtere ahe 'will take on boszd passengers anld the :TIE JUDG] PLL32G ON T1EI M:M. Tw~ u~~PY]2 o~Th~GuaLT ORGAW.--On al ou ngter adoing the bhunea of tba,Soun11 ire Mszes, at Liverpool, to the follouing day, MYr. ar Brn'irel and Mr Ju4tice Wiles 'wet into the large conoertloom, St. George's-l, ad pliayd. several pieoes ons the great organ, Mr. Baron Brwt baviugVke 'whole powrer of ffe instrmeu and all tb o in opration. TEz MXCa~sEBun Syxrvx OFWxrLGGOy6-..-OTfe ne'w sttute, by Mr. S'obe, of the late biike o£ WaYdlingtors : asplace uponl its pedestal .il. front of tl&elbAbeter Inhm2ay estrda mr~sn- L. canvas cowin;g patySresa it froms oheerraiin, and ihsiill not be reoved Im uni be inuguata whoi U£xed for is 30t ins,
THE*FATAL7COi,LIEP.Y'XILDEffT IN5OUTH WALES. lI PONTYPRIDD, AuG. 20. The inquiry into the cause -of the late disastro s-Iexlosionx of firedamp in the 'Cyruner Colliery, in Soh Waes, by which- 114 persons lost their lives, is now drawing to a close.- The aed inw-liich the-in iryis held-wns densely oro*ded: with; co'liers' this 'morming, .wbo wvere an'ons to hear the evidence of the Govermueut isispectors. It is expected that the Coroner wrill he eniabled to sum rJp tomorrosv, and t;hat the verdict of the jury 'will bce given lxte to-morrow evening. t 0n the re-assembling of the july yesterday afternoon, Jonkin Jonesand William iee3, two:of the colliers deputed to examine the miae,-corroboorated the evideneo- of the last vritness, and spoke generaly of the bad ventilation of the colliery. Both tile 'witnesses stated that they had gone'inteoDavid Mrorgan's stall, and had not beer able to' discover that any-cross sticks had been put up as firemarks. Thomas Bultler, fireman at the Dinas Colliery, deposed to fLndint two caps in David Morgan's stall; one was 14 vards fromalseface of the coal and the other in the horseway. He also found some pieces of timber, which appeared to ' have been pctt up at the entrance. Mis partner,. William Foster, was with him at the time. They told Mr. Jabez Thomas and Mr. Insole what they had found, and also Mir. Thomas, 'of Dinas, after they returned home that night. William Foster was also called, and corroborated the evidence of his partner. The- examination of these four wvitnesses occupied the whole of the afternoon, The jury re-assembled at 11 o'clocJ; this morning. Ebenezer Harris was the flist witness. He saidhe was a collier, and had worked in the Cymmer pit before the explosion. On- the Tuesday after the accident he ws-employed ia walling up a hole in John Qemawss headin'g. Whie thus engaged Rowland Rowlands, the overm.an, went to him and desired him to clear the windwav hetween Charles's and Onemawss headings, where a ae qutantity of gas had accumulated. It was said that the windway was too small to allow the air to pass throgh it properly, as it had falleii altogether, with the exception of about e0 yards. Witness declined to work in the ivindway, because he considered it too dangerous. Morgan- Richards discovered a great quantity of fire in Cnmavwr beading. - Mr. Joseph Dicknson was then examined.-He s'ai-I sam the Government inspector of coal romes for the Manchester disrict, and I attend' here in obedience to -the instrrctions of the Secretary' of State, to'-whom the inspectoi of the district had applied for- assistance in investigating the cause of this unprecedented accident. On the 23drand 26th ult.. and on the gth inst. I examined the Cymmer Old Pit, accompanied by Mr. Evans, the inspector of the district, and several other gentlemen. I endeavoured to trace -the, course of the explosion.- It has evidently been confined to the south side of the pit: where the- workings are -more -extensive than on the north side. The flame appears to have extended from the level to within 10 yards of ths mouth of the pit-, a distance of about 1,200 yards. Throughout - this distance it has Apparently entered more or lees into four dip headings and sx crsheadings. With regard to the arrangementforthe ventilation, Ifiud, firstly, thabthere isinothing but a bratticed shaft, which is obiectionable - secondly, the area ofthe upcast part of that shat is too small it being somewhat less than 12 feet, abd the chimney to which it is connected at the top of the pit is still less. BRothof these areas-are far too small for the proper ventilation of the colliery. Thirdly, I find that the airwassiare also too amall, and, the - ventilation being thus limited at the outset, a difficultymay have-been experenced in getting a sufficient quantity of jir into the mine for dinding - a reasonable -number of splits, - such as would allow a sufficient quantity of air to circulate through alU the various working places. The air for the south working%my therefore somewhat necessarily have been coursedround the workingsinone curreatforsadistanceofabouteiximiles,'whichI -is far too long, especiallyrhei it is considered that it ha;to depend upon an unusuallylarge. umber of doois andpacked " gobs," orrabbish, forits tram.ission intothe inner work- ings. In addition, a leakage at any point Worldallow the' air to go back to the -peast shaft without ever entesing the inner worldngs. The cross headigs also apparto-meto be mnuch too long for safe entilation, e6pecially whe driven bOigs. l aste av ei at Jacoh's and Moses's heed333gs' TelF t 'disitaacebet*een thempreventsthe stills from be;ng ho"16through ant a hinglikeronahlN intervalh, the aircouse being thereby-shortened, 2Q0,orathe mieost 300yards, seemed tonneto:be.long esoagh forerus headings on this se freQ pLillar and stliworkl, but-I find thti some or these Arsadnga are nealy 600 o ads Hid they been divided intottwo ranges of about 300 - each, they woild have afforded greater facilities forworsig, anda-lso fof the b4tter carr_ing of- the airto the furtet -extremity of.th6-work}z Thearrangmnentfor the veetilation of the part of the worin inside the 16'fet fault is paWciflarlydefective. 'Not ely-rould leakae ithemain doon and gaugings' furthr cat' cut off- txe air fhm 'the workdn~, ht -it-haa the- fl detdi of havingm othing but " gob"- about 4 -yads -wide for S8 Zards in OVA lent, beides othor -piwces of " gob" upoa wich the in-take air depends for its separation from the return air. . The length of worngs rversed by this air eurreat from passing in at one side of t " gov" unfL it returns at t'he othier si&d is about 1;400 yards. It is d6bvi.e, therefeoe, that- this ;a a very likely Tfor leazea ud the explosion, eGofar r3 I hivebeen,a letottace it,beee tosIuppo that leakage has there takeen place: Te fire has been meat intense insie the faullt, especial in the Isiel and in the straight 'heading where the buring is easily tracabe utp to David' Morgasis stall. In tha-stall f£re-damp ws;inow to have xac-emulated, and it is there that one of the bodies isnmid to have been founds Trwo opposite opinions have been offeredastowberethe g asw first li&Wted. - I concur with thoee who seate that it was in-David Morgan's stall, and I I beleve that it was at the candle of- Lewelyn Thomas or his brother. Timbems three or four feet long are stated to have been placed by tha fireman as a signal to prevent peras inadvertently enterngz the fire dampo which waes hao~ to e there.- Sl abort timbers, antd- the nmode in which Ithey are sad to have been pacd-naineIy, on their endJ, I part at the bottom said meeig at th e top-see acsel Ia au£ic nt aiul toprevert pe rsona inadvert.nt enteiag, the roadway into the stalbeing abnotift It-doesnot,nmrn yrinion, cWrO `* ..... aq irA b the 14th spoekWarlme; which a.tafostb --that cnoestieber, and a board Shall be a;4tribantbeentr n "ti ing, at lezat,.a"tik ~le oal w..tta1 ~ e ' shonldbe-place'd aerass 'th'efullwidth 6fthenrae . i- tne absence of sEuc- aneakfeonal sigii-l-tiet artiemi r'a'hay aiked inadverteiltl1;into the fire damp. The quantiiy ol ILe lanipwlichdthint Sallippeiito Dlaie 'ontaned wuld prbebbl whene Jightedj apedintoflame tiroughnumimer adjoijia wer:ings- and if the ratam -ir-intheimne= worN- al22eo forsome dixtznce -otwardswere -in .a foul h canned along b;y it beyond where the flamefaIithe ig-tcd flre-iip of ;the stall exteadedf and-otheriaccumnulatins my lave eenligleted in its,lo ie,Or tfin~ ayl i have been wifttteduonthe lighted candles i the wockmen, thus coinieleting the conflagrtioi and -violent- rush of ar. Thufla einees to have -foll6owad Athe ret'ur air tlmgh mueosx stalls u ntiiit became expanded a ~about -half-wiLy o the shaft, where -the .air would.prob&bly be -purter, owing to the leakages fiom7 te-itake a 'r. It o appears tno hav be ruck out diret frhi. the workEgs inside the tac alonhgt cthe?maji b level, gagainae the ntake ir, to within abunt- 3 yArds of t-he pit.. t - The iu tlon of Mr ~Dansl Thmas,of Dinas, that -gas ma~yw haTel -been Liven -off by the rider coal, or that fire-damp hastom beer alodgl g th in rcvities t caosed - 1o the p sub_ dencof that coalf- or the clod betiete ithe and th? main bey Oisnot withsout itsn iportance. i th iqait# -posseble that fLreqdairp may hays been an hisemuLntied but as the rider wAs cut thror ugh at the_in1nVsI,& WDAiAtmn Y parts of-the works in this colniery, the ifirem enf so accumulate, vas-ot iely to b eundea p oehernd,a Im-ny-of the Eubidencei would. admitofbeingexami it is starcely irenceable ait careful -o pof r mana iment' if aeich i4ciimiU&Vtoi*wr o eece eddn -loged iomf even1-the -iwerenotneer in aible-they s~h6uld havu been, 'sae~rchoLl ot n7t?iof a it was dnown that tlhs rider coalconte o gas thante malaic bed, and it might leave-,iventedfr eac - lating- in'those parts by drill boetr2outhe siecoal orby droing thee ain rioads wide audt tl bv ; f rider coal into thieroads. some sc rcuin cen necessary where oleenliglhts, as in-this isac,wr sd The mine including the ider, yields oe tity of fire-damp, amid;-Vithordinary v ti h and ri uhmnatersas those to which I hpvTe took; irtpbe safely worked with nak-ed. liW ts, safety-l' sbia sd as it appstars they have-been an particu]ai ae,nd-bth fire-man for examining theo mine befoie tbt-wrke etr fam Of oPinion that-the air ain in p6 1I 'working hdbeen in a foil aUt lare sdtome tene . gis twteehad m titc er somte tirebfoe the0 emplosion, and that as the workisngs became exeknded it kept tingworse, until it onlyroquiredan IEar A ec y fr n]if tixso, or a lite increased -leakage, or even th nig of* the many door on tpe -men going into their work, to tarn the balance and bring the air to the explosive point. Thase co.urintances seem toihave occurred at the tune of the explosion. .,,I be- liave that the 1st genera rule, -which requireis ofL Lthe owner or principal agent that undler ordinary circunactance ana adlequate amount of ventilation shall bo providled, ha been violated, andl that the 18th special rule, --which enjoins a, simiilar duty upon the overman and hiss deputies, has also been -violated. I believe tha,t thie air in thea wiener part. of the workings could not well have been otherwise thani in the noxious state which thes rules are intenaed to pr-ovide, against. A great dealhas been saidrespectingacapupon the Seine of the candle,w'which no doubt arosefrom the air beIg insuficieent to dilute the fire-damp; yet, with thisbefor them, so familiarized withit had the overmnezeandafiremen become, that they and thie -men seem to have believed that -the air was harmless, whifle in reality it was nai-ure's warning passing umregarded. Had this not been so the firemen 'who sent the -worlkmen into the inner. - tAr of the southL workings on the imorniing of the explosion must, if they were fit for their business, have known. or dreaded that that part of te3 mine was not in asafestate. By so sending the me .i hey have 'broken tho 14th specialrule, *hich requires them to caution the work-people against entering such a portion of the midne. In particular, one or maore of them. has brolken the 20th spcal rule in not reporting to the overman that danger had been found in David Morgan's stall. It seems to have. been the custom for all the -three firemen to come out of the pit to hreak-fast together aftr-they hzA made their moerning's examination, andl befora the overman- had gone into the- pit. This, in, my opinion, is not in accordanee -with the ifith speceal rule, which requires the overman and his.deputies to, mintainW dulring~ all -working hours a careful supervision int the airway3s, 'working places~, and over all things connectedl -wit t-ventilation,lighting,tmmbering,-and the general an spEc:alsafetyof theworkmnen. Before the firemen came out thie overman should hasve gone in. Had t'he flremen been effiient, or hiad they and the overman attended to the'maleg whc'h Ir hav-qoted, ana whiich they were r6quired-to oh. serve,-oYha theproprietorand inanager,,insteadef leaving the ;anaugement. of the colliery to these mpen, who seem to be ignorant of the principles of - ventilation, but~ oodl enoaghi apparentl if properly directed, called t'W teir assistance 3n the laying out and carrying on of -the mine sezine competent min-ing engineer in whom- they had confidence, ~ and to ~-whom. they would - hve-. intrusted, prope - poiver,--these .114 lives need not havi - been. sacified., It has been stated by M1r. Daniel Thoihal that this colhiery might be safely ventilated with- 7,000 cubic feet of alrper minute; -In that opinion Ide not'concur.'- The fog on the level, aid to hive beenniet width by some,of the -witnesses, admits,,l A hink, of-easy solution. - -The tempea tareof he tmophere had. been dail zZ gncr aingutlthe, dayof-theaccden,-when: it wagun'iusualy high and ripet for a thunderstorm, which it -Appears tooQp%.efrat of the kingdom. on- that- day, and in th.is locality -on- the day - following. The' difference,. in 'the dew point producecdcoudensation.. This- isthe more evident, as the paxtwherectheefog is deseribed to have extendeddis just .where the arties-who met at cme toth'eintake air. I do not-think the fog was gasandl do. ntot attribute aLny im-. porta.nce toi it-as far zas the explosion is concerned. i - B3y Mr. Oaven-.-Icannot smy whetherormnot-l'sawanycross timbersnear* David Morgans's tall. - - By Mr. Huddlesion.-If I were the jnpco f ted trict, I think-t'he smafnes,s of -tbe u,s hf n iw would -have occurred to me at oncehamyteninbe called to it. The acta ppoinin i.nsetrishe3han 14th of Victoria, cp100, andthe tesredfndb section 2 and others. By that act, i h npco esay thinog defective in The mnanagementoth initshi duty to suammonL the aagroagnberehmadr- Thewitesswasstil uderexainaionwhen ouir piarcel
FATAL BOILER BPLOZSO2. . We regret to hear that at aLout25minutes past 6 o'clock yesterday morning a 60-horse-power stem boiler burst at ampeon mills, nea Bury, the property of Xessrs..Warburton and Xolker, bleachers and dyers, completely destroying_the enginehouse, dyehonse, and a warehouse, and carying a large iron flue, iSft. long, to a distance of S8 yards. The most. lamentable pert of the sto,- however, is, that nine lives have been sacrificed, in addition to - many more nlaced in jeopardy. The number of those more or less severelysealded and injured exceeds that of the Idlled, and one of the number wAs scarcely expectd to sur- ive the might. - - Another report staes the loss of life at only six_ with four bodies mirsng, and says:-The worls of Mesrs. Wareurxt and Holker require a considerable amount of steam, is it is ueed for various purposes in the different processes throughl which the calico has to pass, and therefore the power required for the steai. egmineis smnallin proporion to wha is used for other purposes. Two -boilersm one high premsaur and the other low pressure, eath- being 60-hose power, have been used forca considerable length of time, and oftic4 botLa night and day. The low-pressure boiler has not been considered in a good condition for thelstl2montb, and aner boiler had been goti toworkinits sead, acd was expected to be in working order on Xadoy llext. Ons Tuesy lash tbe boiler yielded to the presre of te, an& the han'ds had had to cease wrorking at non, in order that some tenporasy repairs might oe 'ade. ce, boilers were constrcctedsoasto blowr o£an'at 35TS pre;ame to the square inch; andbeyhaverecentybeen upte-601b. proesne The nightman athe works, wbeba&to get ip the sem, supposed that the pressure would be about Me asiort timebefore the accident occurred. He left the wbors about (1 o'cloclcyesterday morning, and thenamotherperson,mamed Barlow, had to perfcom the duties of fireman -untiL S o'clock, at which wme the regalw 1irw-n.wouldIa-reo tgo. About a quarter-pst 6 o'clock a traendousnoise wacherd, uhich awakened the attenticn of persons more than: a mile off. ALa2e portion of the premisesare scatteredinconfosed heaps. The ex$oaed boiler, a doable tulbslr one, '36;feeot long and 9 feet diameter, wa renn both loegitdainally an& transversely, t'he parts being torn aeander lik-e b:wn paper-; one part was found 60 yards away. The eeuxter' fum, 3 feet 9 inches diameter, have: not yielded, sad, so faas our reporter 'could peroeim theve bore no. indication of being uncovered with water. The interar lendingforceof steam, in Xbonler of such lae capacty, seems, ;frm the thiclknem of the shell plate., so have. not left sufclienat margin for seaurity. The boilwhad a 5in. safety vale rpon. it, set, it is said, to blow off at. 351b., and a 6in. one-upon thejunction pipe of anotherboiler. *o one, however, xp-, pers tobave beard the stem. blowF oj Otcou .fiL investigatioa-will take pl. The M o£winri. i Wimll som idea oft 1; ttof*e calanity:- -J4obn WhittaA, aonxan- John, Cmstj aged about -50 years; .Thomas i te 'O, B.dD the fireman, 46; Jwmesa ke471- Jane,Bole. - NottoUend-ThoMAa KNowle. -2B John .XAdi~, :t;.Xraacis C:iadwick,-15;Denierw-a. 60, - . wieck, -.Smethuri*, Nancy-Witely, WF4lliam Wakes. -Ilssbottoro, Johbil Chdwick, and seeratothns
I OHREIGK INTxurLm0E. ritA&Ur" [A p1eKom c} the fcflmT* ppea in oeimSeeodedtion otTmrede35 --I-- i tEAox OVIL owz? co mxM. PAS, TUEMo±, 6 P.M. A private letter of the 9th inst. from Alex-au- contains the followig' einteing informa- " no Viceroy s about: lo creat4' under his ona1, a steam navigtiou company along the shores of the RedSea (coasting trade). This company i; to be caled the 3edidiej, in honour of the S3iltn A 3Ibdl iedjid. The President cf tha Council of Administration wil be his HWmeG2s nepheaw, Mstapba B3e, and the Conneil will be composed one-half of Egyptians andthe other.ofEuro. peans. Apveg itslmombers ar ilreadynamed S. Tlhor bMrna Engi). Jales Pnstrd W ch,LeTA (Ax ustrian),BUY5. sellAr (Dutch),Dumereicher(Dan), an ccali(aGreek) Th6se gentlemen wre summonoc this.morning to the Palace of Galarri, where the Viceroy long confexred with them on. the bases of the new eatprprise. The ompanylssteamers wre uiliary 6ceeand-they will trade to all th ports of th3 Bed Sea. The &&a'c of thes ountries will quickly cbage its -speet when intelligent inz &ro charged With it. The vessels l sail under Egyptian colours. The company staru with a capital of 2,000OOtalaris or 400,0001. sterling; the Viceroy pesoSnay is largely interesate in it, ad thera is not an important person in the country who has not faund embarked in it. The first subscziption' for tle Isthm8 s of Suez comprised a certain number of Muas snlmans. This second sub8criptioniwill have many mnore. Thesare striking and extraordinary innovationms ii Easera habits." The steam frigates Imnptueuse, of 800-horse powler, and Impcmtrice Dug6nle,- of 900, were launched on the 15th inst.-thM firSt Cheibourg the second at Toulon. The three camps establishei in the department of the Var, for the receptiom of the tqops. arrxving from the East, were broken up on the 16th Ins.. - The -folowing private teegaphic despatch has been received :- - t cc A.RSEMIX-, AUG. 19. 'The Indusr has arrived, with accounts from Constantinople to the th. - "It was said that Admiral Stewarf was to returi to Constantinople, but that the English flee' will' cruise in the Black Sea mutil the end of September, when it will proceed to Nlta. "The Lyonnais stemer, Captain Magnan, belonging to a French company which has obtained permission to navi. gate theDanube betweenthePrath.and the Sereth, bs been Ices in one of the rapids of that river after she had "passed in safety thronug the pass called the Iron Gates. AU on board ware saved!- ' The Prefect of the Same hais received from the Mlayor of B.irmingham a remittance of 3501., about 8,550f., being the third suma received from t-hat town for the henefit of the suaerers by the inundations, and which makes a total of 18,786f. "The ?lIayorof Chester has alo sent a sum of 2001. (5,060f.), and the Hanoverian Consul at Guernsey 369f., collected at the doors bf the theatre during a. gratuitous representation given for the benefit of the -suferers. Prince Murat has just passed through Iyons on his way to Chambdry,'in Savoy.' A letter from St. Petersburg, of the 10th, in the Ddbats, says " Comut de Moray is everywhere the object of the most flabteribg attertion. On the day before yaderday he was present at all the f6tes given in honour of the.-birthday of the Empress, and was treated everywhere with the6 greatest distinction. Several civil and military e&ptoy&s, including General Benkendorfg have gonae on a tour to the Crimea to visit the late scne of operationi Colonel Bartholomei, at taced to General Modurvieffs staff,. has left in all haste for the Caucasus, Sf7here-lbe temporary command will prob3bly be intrasted to GeneralBebutoff." The 'Three per Cent", cdose to-day at M for t-he end of the month; and:the Four-and-a-Half Cents., at 9f£ Orleans Rail*ay Shares, 1,420f.; Mreat Northern*1,070t ; 'Strisburg, 947f. 5Oc.; New Shares, 865f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,427f. 50.; Lyons to the Mediternen 1,840£.; Western of Fe; 922f. 5Qa.; Bordeaur and Cette, 812f. 5oc.; Great Cen70 :lt of France,. 8t -dioc.; Lyonis and Genev, 8151f.; Bink of cd 4 .-bilier ifittf 5 kustrian R%ailways, 820. ' . ~ 6-'f. -Oc ,EIJV -AG . Cot.-r A s-B rs Aug 19-Csl Prce Tor-a nd-Halof'per Cen. (not rehaurtble foru years)u . S5l. 25c. 93£.; Three per Cents. 70£. SOc.; ditt 'loan of vette Danice paid), 7f.; ditto Certificates-s70 cer Seaturap ,sf.e BankiofiFance,p4,150o.; Cred.tionfer, 67l0. ditto Oha tions of o500., Tentes, Eounrer Cents., t22e thc;ditgto anreepr Cents., 80f.; Coaly ,obuler, 1,623. 75c. 1,630f. 1,2T ?7.SO. Disount Bani 6901.; Piedmontes Five per Cents., 911.; Emone 88;tv anish Deferred Converted, 24$ 25 ; ditto Interia- Debt,"39 w.a ofh33e n London, at diht, mont a 2of.t27h; three months, .money, 2sf. of PRUSSI A cu (tryv r o-w owi a oonIro le. n o h). :BERLIN, AUGo.18. T h e news of the Daii that the Puen corvrette Dantic has had with the yffh piuates ras contained your Oaval and Military Intelligencelast Saturday, s eoit0 deep. emotion here. S0 heavy a loss (20 men 5pedut iDffandht kiled out of a ing alandingty ofin75), f nce ' Adelbert wounded in the thi, artd hie wdjutantw mortally atounded at his side, and all this happenison the very same spot wYhere three: yearsjXbefore ,aPrussiavessQel was plndexed by te same-,pirates !b The spot where this'most unexpectede a si in'otanmge is defcribed to me as t few' miles 'to the east of the town of Melilla, in the 'dirsetiont.of-the frontier of aliers, 'where the beach is rocky and texp, and thed counthry very hilly. a From wat I ban lern of the affair at present, there had beenio atteunpt made to ' land by the boats of the Dantreie when they were fired upon by the affs -They had puet off from the ship for the iurpose of viewing the spot aready so ominoas tg the Phssian naval, force. On mfeeting vith this reception they were ordered baDk to the ship, under covuer of her- g8ms, and all thOe boat;8 manned and armed for the pupose of resentin the insult. The whole crewof theI)antsic consisats of.80 mnarine;b about 40 sacumen, and from 20 te SO boys. Of this force 75 put off, and succeeded in effectmng a landing in the face of several hundred Buffs. hey drove the enemiy, who were advantageously ported on a decliv.ity, up and over. the hill, only to find themselves sarrounded by nv overpowerin' multitude, so that there was- nothing left them' but to ietewat to their boats, which they succeeded in reaching,- but with the loSs mentioned above. TheI Prince is wounded- in thie fleshy nvrt of .the thigh, about si inches above the lcnee,^but it is expected that rir a fewth-eers he will 'be able to travel. his adjutant, oieseman,twho subsequently died on board from the wound he received on the occasion, Is extremely regretilted bypall who kner ie for his may attrachtie '54' endearing qualities, and he. had engaged himself to be i arried honly a few days before he teceived ordeyr to woin';the egantsic sor. her distant' duty. 'Sh6- is a sXtem corvette of. 12guns;. built sat Dantsic,' and' was desQtined,: afterr laning Prince Adflherhi at Constantinople,a t to take ts her. astation with other- vesseTs -of Ohe great 0owers oEf the mouth of the Sulina. Prince Adalbert is: a brother of Prince Waldes mar, of w,,hom -it will be recollected in England 'that he visited o,ur -camp while 1iravelling in the Egast' 'Indies durng the campin'2 againlst the Sikhs1 and1 that'it wa.s at one of the battles there, under Lord Hardinle,' itn.the P.rmce's pihyaician was killed at his side; .our, Ghvernment has..subsequently 'preesentedtwo beautiful field pieces,'which were taken in that battIe,to the: King intokcenof his cousinavinlg beeunpresent3t it. They are now in the ,Zeughatcs or Arsenal iD'Ber'lin. .Afte'rztis repetition of a pira;d-cal 6ntrage on.a bPrussian vS-'eI, it scams more than probablo 'that the' expedition agaist these lawlass' suhjecta of the 'Emperor of' Morocco, "which. was postone&tso years aq'o o'ii account of the Oriental' conlct, will" be.i6tted hout afresh9 with 'inreassed The extent to which usurious transmctions have of late been carried on hero' -between pendthrt' n3obles 'and lardfisted money-lenders since the repeal of the usry lawa has induced 2ie police at Inst to try theirhands at th cure of anu vil that the civil law.leave3 untouchedh ' The recent fight of various officers of the Guard, the dismisal' of Prin&e -William 'of becklemburg from the army, and his detention 'hi the fortress at KSni&'s. berg, had already " suffiieently. aroused the in. dignation of all .classes againsb spendthrift3,-Wow, however, a. reecent instance of one of thiese ,money- harpies 'gining onl7y 1,200. thalers for a good b 7ill that was -broughtc him"- for 2,500 thalers, and refusing to part w:it it again 'at aiey modrate 'advance, ha3 brougvht mattr,s to a crisis as 'bstween t7em and the E:xecutive. ' The case becamne the harder for 'the proprietors of th&bifrom the circumstince that the go-between who negotiated the saTe, on finding the 1,200thalers rejected by them-wi-atogeth,er -below ib vailue, and at the anuie {imenot beiable to prevail onthe purchaser of the bil to re tu it ii coxaemtionOf .a dopoeurl-applied themoneyto hi3 ownp p . Te poLice- venow Placed aoonstabloeatthedooi of the uurer'shouse, 'who-qinires of every -vtor his name-and the ,nat'dro of his ,buiness wit}i the ofe-ing , 'Which are dul, noted dowii; the''messnger 'of the said individual is alsoconstantly acoOp!iniea on hus errands by a conwiable, for the p. rXe of detecting all the various dirty rasations-ne may have on hand. .Although in England any ,such interference of polico agents with private business (not being of a criminal natnre) would leaI only to some hearty nvectives aind injunetions to mind their own business, it Vfil probably be effectual here, seeing that it is a _misdeinewnour of itself not to answer respectfully all a pollceman's inquirie,s, while the process itielf will remind the reader of the oldfashioned way.with us of cautioning the public with "Beiware',of bad-hois :' ": . The reporitsfiom Vienn of the mobiliz6tion of the entire Austriae army,turn Out to have been a Stock Exchange mancuvre; they had however served the purpdws of various political journals also, who in some -instances represented the miovement about to be. made as directed against Russia by way 6f the Piincipalities, and others as directed against Piedmont. h A report is current here that Prince Pierre Napoleon Bonaparte, forinerly a meninber of the Mounton in .the Na,ti,onal Assemnbly, andwaho has lived of late in A1gierb is the candidate for the throne of the united Principalities of Moldavia an alldi3aahia whose: pretensions the E :mperor Louis Napbleon desire to. see favoured. --- Advices from the oiower Danube. of recent date show that the dredging works at the mou..h: of the Sulina have ' of late been all but at a standsill, partlyon aceountofroughweather,andparllybe-cause the arties inttd with the tisl- of deepening the'bed of 'the river begin to depair of 6 ttaining any good result - The depth-,of water hi. laely dirinihwed again t 11 feet on tie. bairs, the mouth of the -Suin, while -at the AlS bainks there are stil 12 feet to be found on sounlding. The appreensions, therefore that 'in the approaching autum t;he streammay .be become as shallow as it was last. year have so much increased that it is not : considered advisable to saend thither any vessels of even as deep draught' as the abov,e, for the present 'at least. The .improvement that has been noticed since the sprin,g in the depth of the bed is now -found to have .been occasioned by the drifting of large blocks of ide at its break in- ip itherspring,,manyofwhich'reach to the extent of nrny feet below the sumi e of: the water, and in pasming over the bar ioosened and thrust out to seayast quantties of the sand aggregated there. The present dredging machine that the AustrianGovernment has set to work there is in this respect. found unsiiitable to its task, as it is calculated for workdng on soft loose ground, while the sanid constituting -the Sulina: bar is extreme!y fine, and under the constant pressure and throb of the waves attains a very considerable orsnness and compaetness. ' ' 0 . Thie Dowager Empres of Russia arrivedsafe and sound at St. Petiersburg last lFriday..-:;. Rteliable information frorn Constsantinople mnentionsthat the Turkish Government, which is now tuningitsatte,ntiqnwithrenewed'vigonr to- the subject of its comnnercial relations with f6reigu'Po*ers, is not disposed to renew its present treaties inthe sage formas hitherto, as soon as'they have-expired, but is already occupied with the elaboration. of a draught for'atgeneral' treaty of commnerce, 'to be offered to al nations. The leading'feature, of this draught treaty, is furthermore described to. consist ma the principle .o circumscribing :for.;the:-advantage of native produce: the conceasions3 hitherto mnade to foreign trade. 'f, ,F- THEE DIAll EICClPALITJE A private letter from Buchaest of the 10th inst. says:- "You recolIecetth t in 1855, in obedience to order. receivedfom St. -Petersburg, allt te forts along the Circas sian coast were destroyed byithe RusiLan, including Anapa. Since then a ussia cop, ;detached from the armnyof Asia, asi reoccupied all the- points thus aba fdoned; the latter fort, wh, ,its beautifi baven, alone renained; nor was it easy to take it by laud, as SeferTPafsa occupied the country with 1&,000 horse, most of them weil arnmed and mounited. TMe taking of this fort hbs now been accomplished by the tid of 'e Russian fleet. The flotils of gun. boat, some of them propelled by steam, hxvingileft Nicholaieff, Eeri, andl Ibra, penetrated a few days ago into the Straits of Yenikalo. and Kertch, while some land forces skird the coast in the direction of the fort in quetion. Sefer Pasha's cavalry, unable to operate in that wooded ani mountainous district, was forced to retire. The place, the fortifications of which had been destroyed, could not resist an atack by sea and land, and opened its gates to the RusBsias The Circassians who occupied the town withdrew into the mountains, taking 15 pieces of cannon with them, besides all the cattle and provisions. It is believed that the Russians will rest satisfied with the occupation of Anapa for this season, and leave all further operations against the Circassians for the next year's campaiga:" A telegraphic despatch from Berlin, of the 38th, confirms the substance of the above, and aads that theRussiansmhave also tiken possessiol of Novogeorgiew9k, on the Ghelendjik. The Yienna Gazet says,- " L. lNiederhafheim, Director of the Bank of Tssy, pub. lisheed on the 4th inst. a notice that ths bank was about to commnence its operations immediately, and that the ofices were provisionally established at the house of. the Prussian Consulate. A letter from Jass now states that his notic was published without the consent of the Moldavian Goo vernment,-and it was thought that it was done in order to oppose'affait accornpli to anyrecolutionawhich the Porte naight come to with regara to banking establishments. Explanations have takien place ol the subject betweeathe Prussian Consul and the Moldavian Government, the stter dedlaing that it would not allow the bank to commnence operations until the decision of the Porte is known." ITALY. (ROM OIM- OwaI cORRZMrOlwZm). TURIN, AUG. 16.. The following communication, which; has been sent from Naples to the Opinion, of Turin, for publication, h'as excited general attention here fromn the perfect knowledge of his subject displayed by the author, and the moderation and calmness ofisis tone. It aPpears well worthy of the most extensive circulation^in the interest of those who are denied a:fair hearing in their, own country, anad whose enemies are always on the watch to mislead public opinion in Eirope as to -the real state of 'affhirs. whene'remr they have an opportonity. I therefore forward it you intact, and withost further remark. It is entitled . "-CoNDIrrror ANnD WASr OF THE.KIGDOM. OFNrAIS. 5' 'T&er are certain thing in the liVes of men, and nlatons >hish are htre, but yet not -apparently trzue; there:fore, -whoever, speaks the truth of the affiirs 'of N_apl6S run the risk of rnot being believed -by those. who are stringerscto the political and soial condition of the kin-., dom. A system of' laws, -vise' and liberal-the best in Europe, perhaps; a tranqullity almost normal ef -the people, in spite of so, many elements of disgust and agitation; nentire security on the part of- the Government, notwithstanding the oppositioniof Europe and the menaces bf FEance and England are facts 'which might lead the most cautious politicians astray. But those who live in Naples are aware of all that is hidden unde the veil of -deceptive appearances, and of_ that' slow workigof the gangrene of disorga=ation corrupting society and Gover ment. , "The laws certainly are. good, but what is a goodi cde when sciety is placed beynd the pale of the laws ;when, inst-ad of being the palidicmu Aof public -seciurty, it has become 'in thehaude of an.amrbitray power, tlx means-of committing.with impunity every IindofzattacL; on persons and property;-whesi the laws:ofthe kingdomof haule are,' like the banquet oifTantalus in the fable, the mean3 of adding to the suffeiings of privatiol and th horrol- b3 a,n arbitary Government. , t horrof. - "The apparent tanquillity of the people is certainly not the sign of si3ition or-of resignation. Half a-teitury of sad experience has unfortanately assciated the- idea of governmmnt .with tha . of oppression in thamilndsof all; and the u=eless attemnpts and cruel disappinmtiatshave un- denninedthe desires of irnprovement by eteudencies,ad the fearof worse has now induced a state ofapathy anapuostratioun. The people in general can see improvement, but do not hope for-it; they feel the existence of reason, but they do not'believe in its sway. The.permanenca of the con. tradiction between-right and fact, between the prescription. of the laws and the practice of the Administration, could. not, but produce 'its effect on moralYand Iegal,habits;3 -hence want of confidenca in men and things, istinct of ille- gality inthoe massesand inithe Government,'hut a want- of confidenco which rages-illegablifhytthreatenr.- " Such circumstances render the position of the Idindom of Naples very different from the rest of Italy, and t.he con- itou Of-: it . of- its utatoe must be sougat for in other institu. "When, n. 1847, I. ovenerit of reform was inWtatca in Ity, tis diffeace of political waant was felt and ieconizedbyalL Whatieforra ouldbee for the Neapo-. -Ltans t The French had accomplished a acil and politic,l revol4tion in that part of -Italy that survived -ntouched the restoration of the Bourbons in 1815. - Different from other countiies of Italy, the principles of the Freiich rvolution were as;nand sound and entered-int;o thsa legisiation.- That -which Piedmont ha bs d -to conjuer r tly-by meas of its Parliament and tihe - loss of its, good relations, with Rome had been acooupliLeda in NaIles 50 years ago. LaNaples neither the right of asylum nor exceptional jarisdicton for ecclesiastics was known; marage Was regulated by civil law, the charitable- institu - tions were secualrized, the monaseries suppreesed, the Code KaPOleon had Become the law of the coimnity-in. hort,' al financia, judicial, administrtive reform had been, accomplishedby tho decennial French Government, and accept , at least nominally, by the Bourbon It was on this account that the reform movement of 1847, which expresed tie tendency of progress for aLi the rest of Italy, could only ex. press tendencies of conservation and gaarintees for-the kingdom of Naples. That which it was elsewhere neceary to conquer and sanction by right, it was only necessary to assure infact at NEaples; the reform existed, the Administration only: required to conform its practice toit, " From 1815 to1847 theGovernment, irmpotent-to destroy. that which pubicopinion regarded with just- pride as tie best political conqTest iiherited froma the French domiration, applied itelf to spoi insenibly and falsify in the app'i. cation.tha system of govermaneent which it had accepted ps the laws of the State. -Absolutism wa introduced through. out the' machine of the Adminidsration; the Communal institutions were falifed; the Provinctil COundiS laedactd to afarce; fthe Exchequer turned from its.principles;;theo Council.of State, which. wa the indispensable -oomplement of that system of governaeiit, changed into a Consul'si, without attributes. and without independenes; the lays crosse by decrees, the dcrees :icriptS, ths aTfipts ty the siry :ad tJthe WMinitr by the absolutism Qf the e9icials, who felt thmsdves-stroDg through- favour or :throeh intrigue; exceptiobaed hen -the placeor the law, 'an favour the place of jusce. Such ws the condition of Nlaples in 1847. . . - "W Nhile, then, they called for reform in Italy, in thig kdngdom the feeling of reforms accomplished and un. observed suggested a demand-for a sytem of guarantees and of institutions- by means of vrhich the laws of the country should no longer be merely a word, but a factshould no longer remain a memorial only, but becomea real.ity. lever was public opinion more unanimous or more reasonable. 2Every,one knos how the Xing understood he solemn and pacific manifestation of the public-vote, and concededand swore to the constitutionon. the.10th of Yebruary, 1848. - ' i " The public'right of the leapolitans was then complet', the previous reforms were assred, th civil intittions guaranteed by the political and the execution of the laws placed ander the, guadiansip of the geheral-interests. The only thing lefb to be done was to put one'sself with good faith to the worl, and interpret the laws by the practice bf, life; but the calamities of the fmes and the malice of men interfered.,. . - : "The country, from the vortex of anarchy, was hurled into the abyss of despotism, and, crashed gradually in the ooils of a reaction,as blind-as it:is unreasonable, it has eompensated by eight years- of suffering the disorder and the - confidence of a day. The whole ofsociety has been treated Is Ia conquered country. Tho Saxons in England;l were riot worse inthe 12th eentury. And all vithout the appearanc of right--without a-pretext of Aict ! . - ' - "The theorists of thereactio, say that, the Neapolitan people having broken- the -compact by the -insmuection in 1848 against the King, the latterhad the right to tal;e back what he had conceded. error and sophismr. is it pretended that the-King, had, the right t'iake aWay the conEtitution, and fOr that end tbat hle is oompetean to abolah the law&and the Qeovernment, and to interdlct,- as he lid dcne, the entire nation from the use of the most sacr4dard 'ndlspensable clvil rights? On the other hand, no to 0o violence to common seuse .il speoeig of -the. disordeorsof 1848, he doings of a handful of wicked persona should n'ot.be confounded with the great majority of peaceful ar d honest citizns- Oh! tiie admirable justiee, indee-4, f punish1ng w.lolenation.for the faults of a fewArad ci misguided-individualU! : - ' - . "-But historical trmthdoes full jusice to these sophism. Precisely wl hen the :ing had most appearance of xight to -s#eetroy the constitution,- then,-he confimed- and kum- ranteed -it; no fact afterwardas occurred to autho*r the . pretended right of reprisals. It mst not be forgotten that, wbhen the sad colliion. of the 15th of May, 1848, the 'cii.-- nating point of the anarchy, placed the authority iD the best condition of strength, thefirst usethe Kingmade of the victory gained was to assure the nation that ho would nev r . withdraw a constitution to which he had solemnly swornL - and from -which might be expected the consolidation cf order and of the monarchy. The proclamation of the 16th | of My iaengraven on the memory of all; iuitthe Kisg recognizedthat:the revolutiouw the-workofa few,.andt hat public opirionloudlyreproved and condemned it, - "Thefranknessandmoderatlonof thQAprocla3a1ion gavo a new element of life and force to,the Government. In the name of the constitution the rebellion was suppressed in Calabria, the Royal authority re-established in Sicily, and public order inall-the provinces of the kingdom; not onfy were all arrears of taxes paid, but even those not due Were antIcipated; never was authority. so supported by the nation. ., "What was the consequence of these happy results? The institutions were calumniated aftertheir pr&st7e hadbeen made use of. The nation was punished fter benefiting by its moderation! The constitution of the 10th of February was throwvn aside withthe other laws of the kring. dom, and absolutis m tu nredtriempbanttopower, shoWing itself more insolent. in fact as it felt itself less found'd iinirght. The aburmal.state -which eiisted before i1847 wasaggravated a thousand times after 184; inoffensiveopi-, nlonsand innocent actions were alike persecuted, suspicicn becamc the criterion of Government, confLcation aM eans of irevention, calumny an instrument. of revenge, judi. eial fopns safecondicts from- presCription, and oaths -and promises broken by the reaction;, the country disorganized as well as the Government-no faith im tle one, no priWiple in the other; the King remoied from tie centre ancd the oofficial direction of affair,;- Government without_a:Alnistr andwithout responsibility; the direc. tors holding the place of Ministers. without confidence! and without autholity, the internal and.external policy opposed to tho moral and matrial interekst of tl'e nation. That is - the true, thoug not apparently tru, condition of the king.- I dom of lrples.j .. . - "Sudoi a state of things cannot last long. Every one, per. c eeives that the country is in a stage of crisis and . transition. On the one hanid, the Governents of France aud England appear to interest themselvei in the fite of.the kingdom Af -NSaples at least as much as they did in that of-.Trkey; on -the other, the people aiv moved and agitated between tLe stiniulus of resentinent and the anxiety of hope. "But what possible soltion is there for this complica fion2 Whereshall we seek-the conditions of the future and the repose of this important State of Italy? ": aPublic opfilon andreasonare,filly agreed; now, as in 1847 , it is a question of guarantees rather than of reform' But if the onditiots of. tct of tiiil and political society in the kingdomi of HTaples -are infinitelyworse since 1847, the conditions of ight are3neverthees-immensely improved. The solution which itwasthen.ecessary to awit from con. cesi6n'or revol.tion is nowv found altogether in the strictest and pmxrstIlegality. - : ' "The constitutional law of Februa 10, 1848, sanctioned and irrevocably sworn to by the King, ha become the, public law, -of the kingdom,' ani form: the com. plement as well as the sanction of all the general.system of laws. If the constitution is not pt in execttion that is-noproof that it does -not exist -t eisinthe ondition of al? the other iaws;ofthe monichy, in thenditioas c sight,, not in those of .fact- . Ab.solurtiXscn wit the sup$rlt of ,-power, has usurped the.plce:ef all thels; the tion of alsolutismr1 and the exeoution :of the la.thatisthe 'wod of order' of, all lionest en .vh form the greavt majority of tbe hngdiomof TUSaple. The only soiutiors, ih-e, is in% theze ecztimn o-thq 6constituion ofL - Feb 4 1, applying atnd mod,lingthepriniciples in the various organicd. laws compo-ongfit- according tb th :necessity of the times and thelezsons-of experience, with atWall the Jaws iiu be. come afact, writhoutsitall pro.m,,s,esare faLse. -',-' ,: - '.1Lord-Clarendoin.,ad;- in the English Upper _Ho, in the sitting of:The 14th of JulyS that the Briti Government had- recorinrended- to the Kng of-Kaples i letter aXinis,ation of justisce, an amnesty, and. toler ibn. of - inoffensive. opinionis; and yet -the anmser was anything. -but satisfabtoiy. If any other pro6f were -wantiig that-, alone woula be suficie'nt to showi that the Goveraiment of, ,Naples.thinks the acual system of adinriistratioa the.: -est,, arnd thkref6re intends prtirmciously.to persistin itand, ast-hat advised by the English Ministry is in the spirit' - ard in the letter of the law of the }dngdomd, the refusalof - the Governiun'ent of Naples to accede t the coiinsel betray,s on its partr au open resolution to remxianin ilegaity and - IContinue arbitrarypoer. - , . - "But, supposng he should ibeinduced to concede what is - a.led, what -advint3gei v*oild'result to the oountry?i -Thei King w;ould in ap,pearan,ce conied that which wa~ kadyi established bv law, withou by ad doing destroying or cnr's+ - ing arbihra-y power. Howr could the better administration cfjus' ce be otherv-ise more assured than by the existing tutlwy ' eotP n? How can the oane of opinion be itter protected n it PrOtected now- by the acimalsyste of the pnal lw-? XevertieIes.urope ixawaroof what is the administration of jstice and he tolerance of opiLionin the kingdorlsofdaplee. Perhaps it s thouglit that-the repeition of -a lalw adds fore and *cacuy to its prescription. BUt whd can azure its execau tion! Willl and Enl,a titute theneie tE champions of legality and gooc government, by retaining permanently their fiets in the Bay of Naples f "It nust notb eforgotten that in the lingdom f the. Two Sicilies people no longer beliee in anything, neither in men, nor things, nor in oWthzj nor in laws. Want of confldence has Dteredinto the minds of aI-of .nenof aelclsses and all ages. ' 50 year of oppremion and of undeceIving h%ve caused loss of faith in justice and virtue. To cure this evil. which to the nisriesof ci,vil and politicllhfo adIXd -the aridity of scepticism, pardlyzing every principle Iof e- pension-and progress, the sole-and unique means is that of supporting the Government of the State with institftioni that may supply -the want of confidence by the aid of reason. The people iuspect the good faith and loyalty of ihe leisture? Wl, let tlem name it themselves. They doubt the regularity of the administration ? Let them either directly orindirectlyfix tho rules. Th ey cry oul against the weight of the taxes Iltet them consent7to themj and discuss them. 'I a word, suWpicion is only cured bh publicity, doabt-by discusion, Lant of confidenoe -by reason. The constitrtiona system is tho 6nly suitable one in such circumstances; for Naples it'is not only a neces. sity, but happily it is stil a legality. :"But is a constitutional system attainable a.t iaples? rhtainly there is an cbatawle 'hich opposes it'not comingfroin the country, on orods, the trialmade inh 1848 and 1849 was neither made outright nor in goodfaith, since those -times were days of'anarchy for one pary and perfidy for the other, of passion and agitation for all; on the other side, the succJS of snulh a system inPiedmont bears witires 'how mnuch more-easy itwotadtakoe rootnithisport o' Italy,-4Wiich is more'ai-vanoed tharL any other on the road of experience and of civi progress, and would not fmd itlf, in the serious difficultles of, foreign and domestie policy a Piedmont did, andfrbomnhlchsEhe waa only savedbyt}, goodfaiIh of the Government being able at last to overcome them, "The sole, it must not be ounnown, the positivo obelach 'to the e-xecution of the conistitution in Napies, existsin reions whicb, in the normal stao of things, can only b eached hy diplomacy, an which tfi interests of Europe can'alone overcome without a revolution. If this obstace should disappear; if, eonformably toTublie necessity, the constitution of the 10th of February and, by it al, the'Ilaws of the kingdom arive at exeontion, perhaps it may be .tat. the nation willauceed some, day in putting itself in the path of juBtice and progress; but certainly without the con stitutional guarantee there isnokope of either justice or repose; the laws will remain a fiction, and theonly tura presented .o'the country is an abyss of. despotism and revclution. -, "Tho great Powers of Europe cannot assoredlybe indiffeent to a state of thgs pregnatwithsachafature. Arevo. lution here might probably cause war in Jtaly and complics. tions in Europe,, and itis for that reason that tho interesti -of general peace: reuire that the -empire of the law should be restor6d in Iaples, and the obstacles which oppose 'it boldlrzemoved. . This w is howwe understand the truth of tho grand principle that Lord Clandon proclaimid a'the Paris Conference,-'TThere can be no pewe withou' justiEce'-and which the diplomacy of the Western Powers :may tako asa rle to guard the scarcely sketched edifice of pace., 'It is to b8kopedthat the love of a trae and durable .pea~,ewifl.soprev,ail in-the policy of France and England that thby willnot forget the cause of justice in Europe and will not hesitate even-for a moment before the scruples of a pretended right-the right 'of non-intervention-*hicli it is 1ngw sought to0 mika the blwark of barbirism and tyrny The Holy_A1liaace never was stopped by such scruples. " The powver of Fraice'and England hu become iao4tes: tably preponderant in Europe,' the maritimp power of Enu. 'land rendes it especially preponderant in the rgdon b'of ,Ila,plois. : - - ' "HNoWs, every Power hears with it responsibility, and 'ever =reponsibilityher
'AN- ASCENT OF E JNGPFU. I _1.~ r ,'' -TO THE EDITOR OF TEE Th&gS. l Sir, Having lst yearpublished an account of mny aeocnt ,of Mont Blec,i venture to hope thatyot msy fnd a z4rner m your journuaI fr-the following'account of -my acejat of th,e Jiungf,- and that It' may prove interesting to .ome of your readers:---.., I-wais accompanied in the expedition by 2r. Deriug ,illixus, of Bixcot; who was mj compaQion to-the su -mit ,ofMont Blanc last yeAr. We engaged six guides and two porters, who carried a larg quantity of provisions, as w hadto booutthree days;and ounthe lOthinst.we strted iin-the afternoon from'the H8tel de l'Oaro, GrindelwId, c-osed the upper part of the inferior glacier, anrd, cli4bing the steepst grass and rocky mountain- side I ever encoun. tere we arrived at cavern near the top of the Great *iger, *"!Le'Fremler :EItel-l'Xdtel de l'Ours,"-asthe gtudes 'face. -tiously termed- it. A smaU stream of excellent water -trselUed down the-roc7ks at theobeck of the cavern. A firc wai lighted, cbffee and ,ta were made, and we pasqed the night prdtiycomforably. Th'rco of the guides sang very wel, and wehaditriosancduets forhalfthe night. I ithdrew -to the back of the cavern, and, leaning against the real-, contemplited ti scene.C 'The gloomy cavern fitfally illu in'ed by the fieashes of- firelight, the dark figures of the guides grouped aro und, the-singing, and the noise of fallinm water; almost -made ne famcy mnself in the retreat of some -grnp'of-brigands caiousing after a successful raid. About -6r.o nextmoringeproceededoon our way. Wedescended aLphort distance to get on the snow, and then again -.ascnded; we -passed over theYiescher Grat, -andin the afteroon arrived at the Aletsch Glacier, at the foot of tHe JTmgfau. The sun was -so hot that the snow slopes,were very soft,- andwe sank over our kImes at every step. In consequence, 0ourchief guide,. Christian -Almor, decided thit we should defer- the fina- ascent until the next moiioirg. -Webnivouacke4on a-frl by the side of tha glacier, and I oever spent so mEserable a-rnight. Theguidegbuilt ;Utt all of,- stones round us, but thte wind ws high and very : cold a31 night, so that wecoDuld not sleep, and we joguUly answered the sttimons to continuo our ascent. At 4 pre.- lseli'wel6ft our cold quarters, and the moment we began totread the snow I felt our suacess certain, for it was so hacidthe foot scarcely made any impression. The first difficulty we encounte3ed was a, tremendons crevasse, peoning' like the mouth of a nan, it the almostperpendicular face cf the moruntain. This~--iaspaised by a very Iong Laddea, aud trom the top round'oftheladaer stepsawere cut toenaib us to pass7ovas- - lhuge owerhanging mass of snow,iwluieh mnay be well represented by throwring a snowball with farce -eneugh to mike itadhereto .wall. From this place to-hl summit steps had to-be cnt nearly thewhole distance. .w whica was very haid.vork, asid took along time, paiticu larly upon the cime, which was nearly perpendi'cular.. Thremen were employed. AJt last we arrived at some bare oCks-, -- inibedup them, i.nd ii tenl minutes -were on the sUrmmit, which wvas extly like the ridge - of a ahouse-top, sl6ping gextly upwards to the highest ioomnt, upon which one m nan- could stand . comnfortably, but iwo -- required t. - clasp one- another round the waist. We stood -n a row, side by side, and never did I enjoy such a .prospect, Id the. distance we saw the- mo=rOhl, ont: Blanci with. his grceful consort, Monte- Ross theyrQueen of the 'Alps. Between them was the imi g Weisshorn. Around us *ere g-oupead all the Oberland 'giAn, the most -conspicuous being' the iger, Mbnch Silberhorner, Wetterhorn, and Mcster .arhorn. Our view of .the -plains was not- Tvery extensive. We sawThun,-its like,. Mnterlaeken,-the vally of Lauterbrunnen, ancd the valley into wich the T'schingel Glacier desends; butin other-directicns;tho .iiew ws shutinhby the inountains. 'On t;he sEummit wc found a flagstaf, with a few rod shred3.ite -taebedtoit,yplante:there by xaGerman gentleman; anda small fir tree, plndthere byB r. hiapman. We pnlled *usp .the. ilagstaff,attachea red fag to it, and lanted it on the highest psnaele, nd I tookthe to offldr, Chapman's tree and brouLht it ;down -with me. -Alter smoldng our'pipes -we reluctantlydescended, fiWing the greatestexer. . tions-} to re,ach Grinds d. -lit was nightfall when we arrsved ~ srt the* edge of tho lower glacii,7 and the guide, "wanted us to sleep ata chslet,-but I insisted on goieg on, ' nd ttel trossed th-e gtaciei at 11 o'lock, and reached our hotelat half-past 12, hvingheen2O hoirs onfoot. 2. - Thuin:d what (with theNexcept-ion of the second nseht on the glacier) wras t~imost deligb,tfal excursionlhave yet made among'thecAlps.'- - - - *::' Iremain, Sir,Yourmstobedientseran j. *,. , : F b rM]AtTr . Ac XTf l7!Ri -, O tvelde Ia JtmRfxitl, ac3ken,- .&eg. 16. - D1SzrRESSYKG &fdxi u-.Au faecident of avery kdevoiis natur3 c~ urod on Satu~y last ao the Rlathe ..womau,fromthe o uanty, whoss nouttovisiteome of her fnexd~, was siIl thearriva of a. trasin at t-he above .Btsjon Sh wea 6ipaiiedby her two chfldren, ozAe.of ~*1iiu *5 ab~ ~o wal, th ohrheC&rried:'I Iiier armss. 1necv~d byt e, soertefmer valked forward to. ~tbofrot. f te4Itf6m~a was standing Lear the edgoe. wheu hen rajm*as bsere rail agproachsisg. .TLe- nher.dtedfor~ toreeso ercl but missin-hsr' forrtoiig~sh fell upon e5cathe raUg a thrs .m .com= guD at forward to rescue esae nut-cusePi-c"S.
!; .-~~ MSt IIBERTY OF THN ?rNSX TO THE EDITOR OF TEHE TDMS. Sir,-Your nuiber of last Saturday eceOllns another articie- on the verdict of the Scotch yur against the .scoi ma,t newspr. I 'a. frieand ctR -r. Malaren, -the puer in the aion against the Boo5mas. I am aso -one wh took me bare in the Iroceeding of theLst Edinbugh election, to which the acdion reer4 and that on -te sameside withlv.Kalaren. I thercfoxe reques,as an act of justice . fa play, thtou will allow mec in your ooImn5 a fer: wozds inreply-to your eoUdesnation of thbe verdict of the jury and o the prty w'ho raised the In waiityonte of the liberty of the pre being oee of the p.diuma of or freedom, I hearly Ooncu. I bava resided too mauck in thi dominionx of our faietul al=ly, the Ep;ror of the ren ch, no to ksow tha without thi liberty of thie pres good government is imposible ad that when the pres iS controled by Au arbitrary Go. .ernimet eiver -pecies of injudice, jobbing, and oppreson -ay bepeipetrated, uneommunted upon, And eet slmown to th great ipaNorty of :the populatgon. But thLere is anther palladium of our freedom besides the libery of the prss and that is trial by jury, without which the rghteof epeople wuld not be worth sinmonths' mr. Chae.' indawhoever alms a blowatthereedom and inde. panden6e of .r6alby jury-strikes at our liberties just As much as he wi wouldctdpple the libery of the press; and parmit me to Jay that iour ticles have some tendency to this. Ia f*4, tbe liberty of the pres and trial by jury are ndiaoiuWbly connected together, i everyfree Govemment, uand libertyi iaorderto exist,must be fencedin byboth. Some yes ago, at public meetings, they were joined toge. iher,- and the, libertyof the press andtrial. by jury were generally comprehended in the same toa If the liberty of the press is merely restricted by the verdicts of Juries, -firly and honesly choen, then I main tainheatthe press may-be said to be free as air. Suah is the law in Eniglnd; and while this state of tbings exists my bs perfectt: -sure, that -th British press wil con. inu,e, asit has leng been, the aMUe, the enlightened, the fesiless censor of the acts of the Goverimuent uanof public ineingexeraL. All editors of pnblioJounalas are wella are :that a long asthe commnentsof iewspers are direched to lic acts, and thaeiir discusions are carried on without personalities, upon publz principle and for the public -idvantsge, no Bdtish jur will ever return a verdict against them. : i.. But it is a different-thing when nuewspers, under the -pretence of maintaing publioprinciple*, attack individuals with rancorous personiitles, and lacerate tho feelings of private mensa; the insinuation of the fotlest and most ignoble motives,:and.t'hat underthesordid calculation o' increasing the emoluments of the paper, or of securng to the editor the favour of the party in power, and a good plae in perspective As the rewara of low syoDphancy and Unscrupulous pertisanship. In such cases I mintain that an action by the calumniated individual and the verdict of a jury withswinglng damages come fairly into play, and thatwithoaut in any way crippling the legitimate liberties o. the press. The ground on which yoU condemn the verdict of the jury i4 that the SscZsrn merely commented upon the public acts of- -a iu'blic man, aaid yoau Appea to lay down As aiiaonthat as long asa newspaper does mot enter into the xegionsof privatelife, but coines itsf topiiblic acts, no -one, has a righlito complAin, and the juryig not entitled to And aiedict against the paper. Such, at leAst, apperm to me theu armenttyoa .take up. Now, let us carry-out into prractioe tins dodrine. let us suppos that a public man has made an electioueering speech, and that a local paper comaments upon .and aialyzes lhe speech in the following :maner. Quotingapassagethepapersay, "T:hispge -not only-contains a gross He, but Mr.- knew it to be i liewhen he uttered it -Another passage i8 quoted, And, the editor writes,-0 .- attempt. to mAke us believe that he is a -religious man, butheisnotoingmorethaunA: whtitenedsepule, agross hypocrite, who jaffumes the oak of relgion in order to gratify the. most mabgnAnt and envious- feelings by which he is alone atuat L Aga:n, - the ipber refers to another passage of the spehand say-'SeEhow the speakergioatsoverthe age and ~faiiluieath ofhnim whom lie calls.hisfriend, and chucklei .over -sheLdea:biss speedydeath" &c, lXo ,allthisis merelyeomnentizig npon.the publicactsuf A publie man, -n~ I ,-ask you, Sir,- if suchavriting is not as -injurious o the feelings pan iidividnsl aS if -the' editor had referred to some,act£a thepsrivate life of tpersonallnuded to. I a,youtozayifrou consider such conduct on the pare of an:editor UstiE'he,or a if you consider tha's juryisnot entitied th 1e! the whoe c cumsesinto consideration, leavmng o the editortie right to prove the truth of what he assertaifhecn.1. 1 But, ifhecannot,ji5 the juy not entited to return the vekdict of malicious, false, and calumnious 9 andthAt -irihoutany. inringement, I :repeatonce more, upon the legitimate liberty of the preIss After thee genearl remarks, Will you allow ineshortly to explain the sof he particular case in questIon.? Th- Tima is not required to be acquaintd with our loc poli. tics, ad yo-.are-under a mistile when yoI shate in your article that the Octinaga inst the &otsmna was on the apart of -the Conservative party;of Bdinbsrgh. The Conservatives hbadiothing whatever to do: with. the mtter. It aroe out of a diesnsi6n between .two sections of the liberal party. The iiberils of dMiuburgh are formed into two camps. Tlhere isfirst.thepnre or Miniseria Yigs;, of whom tbe leader is Sir Wllliam Gibson Craig, formerly member for -the city, and a Junlior Lord of the reas. This party is mnovn in Edinburgh under the name of the "Parliament House Cque" from its being composed in a gre3t part sOf advocates and- writers of our C.5cor of law.' The other great. paty is what may be called tho: " citizen puaty," of whom the leader is Mr. Duncan MsLclarn, .formerly Lord Provost, and the man decidedly of the greatest talent and iflaence.among the inhabitants, anda man as much distingisshed for the purity of his private life as for his euergy and publl'spirit. The dtizen party, chiely under theuidaince -of Xr.- Iclaren, axe rising ininluen6e every day, and bid fair to drive the pure Whigs entirely from the field, ana to returin both the members-for Edinburgb. Hence the disi-e-of this.party to Mr,r Ialaren.- --- ANt the election last winter the Vhigs returned thelA candidate, ,r. BILack; by -what was consideredKEm ldi-nburgh as a muost unworthy manceuxvre. Mr. Makcau1layretired auddenly from the wepreseutationwithout the electrsshaving hsdthe slOghtestintination of his intention. The writ for a nes election andtheletter of reaignation arrivedin EdinLburgh almost. simultaneously. Sir Williim Gibson Craig, Mr. Adam Black,-the chairman of 3Mr. Macaulay's election committee (the' ne* member), and oie or two more of the inflrientii members of the Whig party were alone in the secM t These4eitIemen;.prepared beforehand, immediately caea1 their follbwers together, 'and instantly set about organiing the eTectio,i machinery for the return of their =andidnte. ifr. Back- was put in nomination the very day, and th6 wli le ,6tn- was canvassed in his favour, and a iaj&rit- of pledges obtained for.himn before-the public hil recovered from its stupefaction. At last a candidate wa3 brought forward by the citiien party, but it wasi too late. mr.-BlAck, .who witho6t this manceuvre Would have had no chance, was returned by a triumphant majority. The -hele newspaper press of dinburgh, Tory, 3Whig, sud-Xadical,-wiXh'-ne sing71exception*,denounced the trick whdich had beeu practised -pon the electors, and the feeling of indign&tion wams so 'trong . that- tho leaders of the diffe. :ent clase#s of' Liberals siiL- their quarrels aiil diEfferences, and oadesced tevthefor the purpose of vindicatn free donm of elections. This is what Sir W. Gibson Craig calls an unprincipled coalition-a coalition.broughtaboit by his nrWn aonduct .. The,onymnewspaper.which supporited the candidateship of Mr. BLi24, and his; conduct and that of the leading Whi-g !'ainMug-he'ioi, by surprie, ws the &oIon, the organ. the dmc. da'nuie f tof.lie pty. This print, in reply to thi indignant denunoiations -byj.:he -other newspapers of ths huthors of the fraud practised upon The electors, set ibelf to attack every idan *ho eim:e forward in pubUi in opposition to r&. Black, Ibut;_nore espociaUly.Mr. Mifclaren.' The attacis of- the otsensa were conducted with a low personality anLd a-rbnwrous malignity which excited the dis. gst' aid indiniiatio'even of a greit jrt of ihe partisas o' Mr. j3Iaek.; -The, o .did nt,~ it:isetrue, say thit the. ,genaien-oppeeto lfr. Black wqr,e.swindlers, that they -bet their :wiVes or eglSce teirc'hlldrn:; but it ascrib'ed to them-the otodious nl6tives aipaasiont, n asserted ,: ,fiat aslisi qulities forned the ha3bitual, the :normaleist of th^eir chrc psintrigste ou as men of- degradea:and: vile dispositio,' To such7 a degee withis' slstemof per sonalviiuperation carried out that The- whole newpaper press of Edinburgh cried out shame,LAd declared that the Scoti, weas- gon beyond kial legxtunatesicenoe; and was casting a slur on-the newsp,p,e,r pr,ess .of, Edinburgh, whEich for a number of y2ars,has bee distingished for the gentle. .axnlike tone of heditors. Such was the6subject of thb late aSton All this, which I have. just described,'as laid before axn, intdlligent jury, and, underthue diraetion,of an able, pnpright, and neutral jadgefor.h is a high Conservative and has nio connexion 'with either party-the jury found th&t the series of article; cited wrer false, 6ii,mlous and miacioWs and I fecl as suedSi,r>. now.t,hat you are a*are of;tlte roal circunsaces of the:case,-that y&i wrill ,be- of the samse .op.n on. yotrb,Sr:e : isik n seppingithatit' rsitimnub]iope ihcliuig, ropirly soeedled, that Sir Willla: Gib3on Craig n3iab the sjeecht you quo1e in your article,. The meetking wras a mere reunion of ths sec:ion of which the Scoesrnci is tlhe organ, and to which thre nulibc was n_.t vafaLe it VWe a ____ we for =air W.J =eetiag of thsirpzie.O oYYIth( ter o ato a i}a ki L TheytVill we6fiw ta j:j pry AoY Edinburgh f 11Y s n . fL thatthat erdict a b eat fii i the citmiens, and greot toiiiftcaics to aUSpiAW the t ScOW poured olt i ve.1a their In concluion Sir, to add tt I to aee tht you could, for -me nioens, ha-V t1i6;bht of -Mmkin ootmou Oaus with' the &ogmali, -X-: .nthe impi fee that the people of EM8Sid'we 6 deep debt -of gatitade to e - s hc 1 a; the feerlk' dxie denounoer of abumes, in every dCprtent, :a4 -tihe en. 1hhtened advoae pro 'n It ua someimes btougtbefore 6Jurjon. aoount of sae:uen ihich indi,iduahshrae compandof as being inuijLu to them, aad ihich, in the mniltplicity of your inestiflgationS, you ave notbenable to vr reviousy to publlcation, This is the inevitable coeuence 'of thD e point-w h 7oi arme'pIced. But did iyma i his se ever e of chaging xg e Vima with --i nt and persoiality. which was th cth inst the 5 , ana Whic& te jur7 foind p ov?: LOn the contr yey hlne our denunu{aions of abus evie ttyou aeactuted T the ole sene of the puWli sivant e. Yourzenun.. ti0atin r d.ahecdz against s-tm than uns men; ad wrhen 3cen re brought by7On beore the ordeal 7Xstu«zbL;cdefalte, adnot thie rivat in;dividul, j^ teobel od yor _k 5ttheZ sive is a Isense of public duty, and et the grtificaio et privat I rncour. I emi. Slir. vour he .. ....... . - - J> .ASA TOVX. I -B.&ton, Atgus 17.
.hITARY AND NAVAL ITTELLIGRNYO. {. ,; ...- Her MaesVy will give -tib annual -e:e at Gsborne to Lle 3?zyal Yachts' crews, the labourers on the estbate, and othes, o-moITOW, the 22d inst. Th3 band of the 22d Rlegimeit anrl of the Portsmouth divisn of *.o RolAXrine Light 11fantry are ordele to be sent oer to play -on the occasion. HEr 31alwty announced her- intention to sMaj---General Bretcu. the Governor of Portsmouth, Commander-in-Chief f.lihe Sotih-West DListri%, of visiting the camp a'- Browndown. near Gosport, jesterdsy afternoon, anld inspecting 4British German Legion there encamped nd4r catvass. ae Cf HIeaj esy's carnuges was sent froma OsboiTe for the qifen'saecommodation, bu the weather was so exceedingly fiu and the sea Fo heasy that the Royal visit could not bO paid.- - 2:lajor-Genezal Breto entetained at- the Governmenthouse, Poreaouth, on Tuesday night the Sardinian, Dntch, and Ast.rian officersof the; ships of tho3e nations now at Spithead; also Brigadier-General Wpolridge * and the comanding officers and staff of the British German Legion, Colonel ForsAer, RE., Colonel Eyre, R.A.; Colonel Raym s, of the Dep6t Battalion, Winchester;. Colonel Evelegh, of the 20th Regiment; Asistant-QartermeaterGeneral (Lientenaut-Colonel) Wright; Deputy-AssistantAdjutant-General Nelson (Mjor), Town-Major Breton, the fmeisn Co0s0s, &a. Her Mjesty's sips Rodney 90, Captain Wi1son; Pembro6, 60, Captain, Soymoar, C.B, and Fariou, 16, ;Cspian Lorang, C., wereall paid off at Portsmouth yes. texday; and thoe Transit Co=m2nder Johnson, will be p;id *Dffte-day. A . general court-martal assemiled at HAslar Xarracks :GDsportW cn Tnassayomorning, {o try Ieutenant H .A.MurryDeane, of the22d Regiment, on hargespreferrdaagainst -imiiby his commnanding-oficez, Colonel Boilean, the subseance of which are-For having voluntarily -given a gnaznnte to liquidate certain debts on behalf of his father. in-law, Paymaster Barlow, of the same regiment, and for 3jeinz adefaulter in failing to uldil the same; also for ddienciesin certain funds of the regiment during thetime hs was Acting Paymaster; also for having torn, or permitted do be torn, out of the lcdger the account of the said Paymaster Barlow. We are, of course, prohibited by the eti. Auette of such tribunals from publshing anything further Istil the sentence is known. The trial may last a fort. night. H Eer t aied s y' ship Algiers, from Queenstown, arrived at Spithead yesterday morning; and Her Majesty's ship Seahorse, from Malta, Gibrltar, and Lisbon. lHer dates from the latter place aee the n1th inst. She brings nens of the 'brad riots there ontheloth inst. (anticipated in 17i ilTimes ,of Tuesday). She has- on board, from Mlalta, Captain 7eddy, Lieutenanta Farlong "and Dickson, and 133 nona ommissoned officers-and men, the depOt of Her Majesty's 41st Regiment. Yesterday morninga detachment of 114 non-commissioned ofices and men left St. Mary's Casemate Barracks, Chat. hamn, for the purpose of joining their respective depots-in Exgland and Ireland. The detachment included menfrom each Of the following regiment-vinz, 6th Dragoon Guards, 7th (Queen's Own) LightDragoons, 12th (Prince of Waleses) lancers, 2d Royals, 4th (King's Own), 9th Foot. 13th (Prince Abert's) Light Infantry, 30th, 33d (Duke of Wellington's) dlst (Welsh) Regiment) 42d Royal Righlanders, 46th, 55th, 6sa, 6Sth Light Infantry, 69th, 79th Highlanders, 89th1 23d Mlighlanders, end 97th (Earl of Ulster's) Regiment. The whole of the above troops had been seht to the Invaiji 3Dep6t, Chatham, on account of siekness or wounds receivedl and were so far recoverea as to be able to rejoin their respective regiments. The draught, which proceeded to the camp at Aldershott, was ander the camnnand of Captain J. V. H. Montagu, 10th Regiment. A draught of Crimean invalids, numbering 8 sergeant3 and o2 rak and Sle, were examined at Fort Pitt Hospital, Chatham, yesterday, by Dr. J. R. Taylor, C.B., Deputy. Inspector-General ofHEospitals, when those mea who were considered unfit for further service were ordered to be inspected by a Chelsea Board previously to their being discharged. From inquiries made at the Garrison Hlospital yesterday it was ascertained that the whole of the men injured by the explotim of a mine during the siege operations on Taesday arc progressing favourably. A Court of Inquiry was held yesterday at the Adjutant-Generals-office, Brompton Barracks, to inquire into the cause of the accident. The following officers and non-commisdoned officers be. longig to the Royal Sappers and Miners at Chatham have been presentted wih the Cress of the Legion of Honour by theEmsperorofthe French, for distingaishedconduct in the Crimea :-Lieutenant W. C, Anderson, Colour-Sergeant Stanson, Colour-Sergeant Macdonald, and Corporal Collins. Recrtuting for tha Royal Artillery has been suspended util further orders The party at Bristol, under the command of CaptainT. MUilivard, hasbeen ordered to joinheadquatrs at Woolwich, and Captain Millward to join his field battery atWeedon. The ship Williams, from Kertch, arrived in the Medway en the 19th insS, having on boardthe whole of the engineer equipment belonging to the Turkish Contingent. The gun. powder which wa on board has been safely deposited in the powder magazine. SC0 men belonging to theProvisional Battalion, from the 64th, 74th, 78th, 83d, ana 86th depots, were inspected yes. terdaybytheCommandant of the Garrison, and, as the whole ars young soldiers, each man was furnished with the zegimental account-book and the Articles of War. They left Chatham for Gravesend yesterday merning, to embark on board the ship Earl Balcearres for Bombay, to join their service companies in that presidency. 14 officers embark with them, under the charge of Captain Douglas Hastings, 78th Highlander. The usualnumber of women and children will embark with the drau'ghts. The following appointments were mado yesterday at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant H. C. Lees (additional), to the Royal Albert; Lieutenant W. T. Lee (additional), to the Scowge P. Stevenson, Surgeon,to theMermaid convict-ship; Arthur Adams, Surgeon, to the Actason; John F. Pritchard, Snrgeon, to the Spatrowhawk; J. E. Stokes, hlidshipman, to the nfefible; C. S. Shuckborough, Midshipman, to the Act.^eon - Edward Hothasm, Maval Cadet, to the Exmouth; and H. i Berncrs tTaval Cadet, to the Calcutta. Captain Thompson's 5th Company of the 6th Battalion Small-aMs Brigade, Royal Artillery, commenced their march yesterday moraing from Woolwich, en rozute for Liverpool, where they are to embark for Ireland. The officers who accompany the brigade are Captain Thompson in command, Captain Owen, Lieutenant Daabuz, and Lieu tenant Cuthbert, about 13) non-commissioned officers: and privates, and a similar number of horses. The transport Barretto Junior, left Woolwich picryesterday, and entered the Victoria Docks to discharge Towver stores.
COLLIEBY ACOIDEXYT& TO THE EDITOR OF THE TILES. 8ir,-ln your paper of this morning you say that 'f 3fr* Tremenheere's report, wbich is pincinally devoted to the question of justice as between master and mlan in the mining districts, and the mode of stopping the quarrels between th, two, does not discss this serious concomitant of mining Labour" (the folly and recdessness of the collier), " or enter into the subject of accidents, and the. mdde of preventing them." I should be sorry to be thonght to have neglected subjects of such serious importance to the mining population, upon whose condition it has been my duty to make reports annually to Parliament since 1844. In 1845 and 1S46 I brought before the Secretary of State the urgent necessity that- there was for appointing underground inspectors of collieries, to report ur,on the system of management pursued, end, by advice and suggestion in the first place, and ultimately by the exercise of certain powers, to lead to improvements wherever they weie required for the purposes of health or safety. In the Last-named year I was permitted to make an inquiry into the lIaws regulating mining inspection in tFance, Belgium, and Germany, and, upon my report to Parliamaent, a bill was passed enabling the Secretary of State to appoint undergound inspeetors Their powers were by that act judiciously limited, in order that experience might be gained in a matter efitir6ly newl in this cointry, and very difficult of application. Inst year another act wis .assed, giving extended powters, to the inspectors, and -requiring them to draw up special rules, after communication vwith the proprietors or managers of collieries, applicable to the conditions of each mirng district, and to hbe enforcedby the Secretary of State. The inspectors of eollieries report their proceedings in all these matters of uidergiound mamnagement to the Secretary of State. Ey efforts aee directed - to the encourzgeu0t and extension of wlhatever -may ap- PCr lkely to remove graiidally those intelleetusa and moral defects in the ma9 of the eoliery population to which you justly attribute the folly and recldessuess which lead every year to the sacri&c of sO many lives, and to so imuch coise-- :L vent msex7.-:---;- - I be2you to do me thtefavourto insert.this hAter, and Ihave the honerr to be, Sir, your seediet servan - - H. SEYMOUR TEE-IENIEE ,. Atgu, At 19. - .Advertcement i -The. "Austrian Dangeons of r.' B@ c Orzi, rDrico Is. " iliLS isa !tllng cakoo and will be red erwil;vk I}msyilaild1ta* ed til:t so novelst could Peua x5Z SIamcSO ezst~rsrinasy th3 till 'itory' of std re2lltics. !OrKnThz Xn'i;e of ht x IS mcl2cila' impTibornnert qsd 1B al etcave lsol tber. C-sfrrtef: of Sn Gforgio srt3n0 in otsztirg ih-~~L5t ge tie nost - V1Sid !cClSof Sflo .bci1fc2.i' Lon:dcs3, ec Q ICJeBVYsd aLd Co.,
SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION Ir THE TOWY I OF BEDFORD. During-the last few days .tulic cuiiosty a&- beert"exi6it to a vvun Pi y aseries of occurrences that wou dbe oyonO au5cut of place inone ofm Radeliffe's romances but which Wi read strangely in tChe - matter-offactoolumns of The Times. The several thedries of apontaneous combiution have. often been revived, and, in the opinion of most wise -men, harve been successively and repeatedly exploded. But just ag-late years h%ve-witnessed a revivalof ghost storie, spirit e onuniucations6 anc direct demoniaal agency, it seems not a '-little likely thSt 'the old theories of spontaneous -eombijtion-- ar coaming in for another day in their tu-if re are; to Judge from the extraordinary revelations which have been siot only retailedin gossip, but mostgravelyandfullyinquiredinto uder the coroner's warut, and ref 13en honest and true and, we may. add, picked mien, of this bighly eaucated borouigh. A-sketch of the principtalfrats will probably answer the same encis a report of the depositions taker before the coroner, for the result of this last course ;wtuld probably be ouly the awakenimg of half-incredulous wonder and a wild cuniont. On Tuesday nig t, the 12th inst . an alarm of fire wv raised, and, -on proceeding to the sclene of .danger, a hue abu4f on the large storcyard belonging to Messrs. Ho = the celebrated implemaentnmakes, and tenantYdby one of their servants it appeared that the f-anily had: taken the roPprtunityof the mysters absencefromomnd e -to haven oo cleaning down, with an especial view totlie riddance of a certain pest better known to Lonaoners than he happy dwelleo ru the country. In furtherance of the latter part of this tumly hoswie design recourse was had to fmdigtion. A vessel containing bro en roll sulphur was placed in what wa3 deemed a safe Dotiton-viz., in a baainette, which was removedl from its zuaul -plae and set n the mrddle of the room., The sulr was duly ignited. and the ibom oicourse vacated by all except the obnoxioul vermin. Ex tU space of two hours it was discovered that the sulphurous fluid had escaped into the basinette, hid burnt tonugh the bottom, fieiid. the floor,and eaten its way through the pla&nk Timely observation and atarm avaiued to arrset the progressof the fire. ALI was deebd safe. But on Saturday evening-the head of the family returned, and on retring to rest, and thrown his dampostockings on thecarpet, zwha of le tonisahment at seein th 'te o inite Something like a panic small,~' e fFgm rearmstes drweradeen fzo ea seized the household, but at length thehed were opaiedf and they -went to rest. On Sunday aorning, whfire he miter stm attending Divibf e service at tohe -Methodist chapel, fir was again discovered inrhe house. Chonsiderable consternation wa ocaoned to the'assembly b the calling out of a prerman duing servie, -and also by the master's disaRpearance from h is pew. Thee fime were supprtsed; but r theours ofthe day no lessthms firs broke-out in different past of the house,-rin the presence of visitors; most respectable and intellgent men. Bvery part Of the furniture in every room of the house incidert~ ~ ~ ~~~~~o fo appeared sombe chargoedwith some mysterlioushi searlf- ig smeulngthu ofutimeak por tho thlov Tuesdays fire. Seineo to beneal incredible. One gentleman laid his ]iandAer. chief down upon the sofa when it forthwith ignted. Another. gentleman, while discussing the mnarvels o the day and washing his hand4 discovered thlat the damp towels on the horse in the bedroom wee otn fire. A ady, anxious to prevent fu-rther mischief, hadl a short, time previously examined abox contalning ~articles aprt t femnimne ipparel, andgarnouncing itseadutiupht ongoing to remove it fet that it was htanonropngit dcoered thekontents in ablaze. u tsm esbeoeu mnerate all the strange fantasies Plae btssuleand mnysterious fire Of course susicion wabsona ak,bt the closest inxvestigation foddn rudo wiht rest the surmise of: foulply Onte odamrig the phenomenasoehtaae,rppae,ndi was fon htthe rae ato-h propertinthehous was charred orbuntotne.womdclgteeDr. Barker and Mr.Bowrvstdtesnefthfiy mystery, and at noon. maide an appliaint h sitting magistrates (in the -absnene of the masyor), for sanction' to their proposal Of submitting the matter t-o [the coroner. The coroner lost no time 3n summoning a' jury, which consisted of the most respectable tradesmen of the town, and which proceeded to business at the- Geor'ge Inn. The inqutest commenced at 3.30 p.m. on M.onday afternoon, and at 7 o?clock was adjourned +,DTu-esday morning at 10. On -Tuesday it vwa resumed and concluded by 6 o'clock-p.m. In the course of this prolongedI inquiry the whole of the incidents (some of which we have mientioned above by way of specimens), were deposed to, and every effort: made to account for the singular Occurrences. At one time there was szome slight hope of establishing a c:ounexion between the fire of Tuesday night andi the numnerous outbreaks of th6 following Sunday, buat this idea was abandoned'perforce-so far, at least, as any ordinary connexion between the two sets of events was c6ncerned, The medical testimony of the tvo gentlemen namedl above was by far the most important, inasmuch as it mnost distinctly demolished all preconceived explanatIions, and also because it indicate a moot remarkable andl important clam of truths in pratical chysnistry. Withoat venatur-ing to give a formal solution of the phesiomena, these gentle. mnen were of opinion that the sulphurous ffumes, in connexion. with the gas of the -charred wood, had charged the entire house with inflammable gas, which, in. some oases 'by friction, in others by electricity, had been from time to time ignited. Io 0 iio ofPI0 any person survived the first fewv hours of the inquiry, lth ough the jury felt that there was not ground for a distinct OPM-on On the matter. The depositions wil doubtles be submitted to some eminent mnanipulators in chypmiccl science, and it is to he hopied that they anhoiceaall maone.awihmsgsneat ioiiule.rpyo h oehtlnlhue The vedc fteuyws ccrigt h vdne
ISHIPBMaLDG Oli T'm TYNx.--Somne months ago, upon the proclamnation~ of peace with Russia; it was anticipated that iron shipbuilding, whiich had been carried on with great wioruo h yot meet the requirements of' the transport service, wouldl undergo a sudden collapse. This St., niot been verified, and 1arre iron vessels ar bnuit andi launche~d w-vuth wonderful rapidity from the building yards upon this riier, There is no doubt that the gret ex'pedition with whiich immense. quantities of material were removed to the set of war by screw vessels has given mercbants and maritijnecom. panie.s on the continent an idea of theirwral value, and sifnce the peace there have been numerous inquiries for screw steamiers by mnerchants and companies belongifik to the Baltlc, thle Elbe, and L-vant;- and one fin on the Tyne alone, Messrs. C. Mitchell and Co., of Walker;~ have launchea 3,500 tons of iron shipping since -fhe commencement of the year, nearly all of which bhas been absorbedl in the Mfedite:rranean, Baltic; and Elba trades; and it has been computed that not far short of 4~OOD tons of iron shipping has beer.n built in the north-east poorts for the t 4vaiit trade semce the beginning of 1856. Messrs. Mitchll launched on Saturday another large iron screw collier~ for .the Hamburg Gas Company. This company has eithei six -o-r seVen iron screw Wasels in their emnploy, and-they no doubt are displacing a considerable -number of collier vessels. M1essrs. Mitchell have a.~ large iron ves-el in liand forthae London and Levant trade, and asilingbarkfoxithe East India trade. The fleet of small SCrew vessels buit by Messrs. Midtchell and a London houlse in the spring up6n a peculiar constrction, and fitted up with high pressurd engines anid Beattiesh patenit s crew, to be employed in navigatin-. the shallows of the Baltic by the -North .of Europe Company, are answering aAnmirably both 7sit r%gard to their capacity for' carriage and speed. We understand that tho company intend to incsYetse this cl-ass of vesels. Yesterday afternona Messrs. A. Lekslia and C36, of Hebburn, launched alarge iron screw st-eamship, named the Generail .Wiiliams. .- Hef cayacity is. legt liver all 255feeq; breadth of beam,83 feet6inches; dethof hold, 22 feet 6 inches. She is fitted upon the a 'ay-rrew principle, being fal rigged, ind having a d iscneting screw, with engines of 450-horse power; an fact, comahipiiag the sairl with the screw upon the' same priniciple. as the, Royal Chartr. Thie masts of this fine vessel are of iron, andar so constructed-as to- ho employed as v6ntilitors for the hold and between decks. The smokei- from the cabin -fire and the cooks-house - wfi also be carriedl up the mizenmast. -She is alio: fattecl, -Up rith galvanized rigging. This afternoon a vary haudsome~ paddlewheel steamer was, lunched -from .-he building. yard of-Mr.VYernon,at Walker. Sliewillbe-employed'in I the Itaian passenger trttde.- Messrs. Palnirer, -Brother~, of IJarrow, also launched a landsome-screw vessel,. mame4 the IMoscow, of 800 tons, to ho enmployed, upon the Hull andl St. Petersburg ilne. She is built for Mlessrs De Jersey and C.Ms shiPaler are also ra,pidly finishing a very handsome paddlewheel steamship, w1ich is intended- to be ran between Dieipje and London. -- She wil ho elegantly-~ furnished, and it is anticipated thAt she wil run 20 miles an hour. Atessrs Palmer ar e also finishing a paddlesteamer for a Bremen house,, and iLdsac a p dadle steamer to-morrow to Cntniol.Te r l enlarguing an iron steamship fortleS:eeeugonay and-have laid down a spar-deck-edcre t~se f100t for aLondon house. They haveasseelrir-os in hanid f6rn continenital houses-. OModyaerona, large- East Thidia- man, timber-buit adnmdthe Gosforth, was laurt{lhed, from ~ Messrs T. -andW Smbith's building-yard at' North Shields. This fine vse was - builti under a capa~cious glass: shed, and her launch frman accident that occurrd, mnight '.hav6 been of a-fearfully -tragical eblaxicter. When she moved awray, fromi some cause ~or% other, ,he left- a cons,iderabslo- porti6n- fif the front, -pDat of her cradle standin"- on ther staraboard -side, which to 'a' considerable extent lhanged the.4entre of gravi:ty,: aud,-'as -sailors termied it, made the vessel ran-like -"n - dog ujion thre e legs." The run& the river was.but:short, oft&A*y andithe "1wiyW.stood flirM,thdu 'ga she tore away__z Iir4e Ipost, ne.xt to the river. if: sl4 had, lurche'd over ahtd wo1d, have killedblundieds of pcdpie;aszhe*oulda.yae_W sed. downu the shed. - This occu .rrence: c%ated'great excitemienit the vegiel is not in- tle leash inajured.: -:The Middle Do Ic -Comipany have a large Es~t Indiam-aai ready-to-launch. [Advertisement. -The "1Era?"-of niext Saturiday will con. taim nuuinero,si o-2ig!sa articles upon ever t-tilc of tbe wseek ine udai6t -Ainerjcan Prlivateers and Ifatiooe- Eavies-tbo Dft*rc and. aarrisa ge ---. aLbuse of the B=kruptcy dur-Tbetrcatlsas at EHorme'ad Abroad'-Lteraturo and Mnslc-PaeitlOn of -tbe afaney and~ Rallway -Warld-;." Toscbstoeoe'a"ne Aof-Yorkltice&- adWinnecasf Events to) (kne-tbe Naionales TbAoses-P.gatta-'-Ryde~ Regaetl,& Inteces g [Uhe-s 1rob'exs,a &c- - Tb,e'!-Ee ba"ojs&tw*ek, 1with,an _Ortg1Pal ~Memoir ot`htad=.eNteg1ds baajibdn rePrinted, alid cas,ow be bad oir 'fenar,56d on receipt of- tlx-totsa0ecstawcigM tla6 .jE 3 Vdverlispiemen ~Tjhe'Su day Times" (~praeior Mr. f Clhlset.artjcuWarsand original information udcall-tbsaiumrerouarace, r eestngs 0ow belorbeldt rb ihoratele-csuiyiocs.It aba entatoasem re1ar;cg.to the teritiof ~a da(wt the iilest domiatiojawrand I ~Oicenteigcue. Vj~be "Surday s.ma" b"ihedwee'Uy a- buoplnienewbi,i isasinim arole to urintat 1nielflzrencE,'eci -berin nfr-rat~on cer foiO-ioticabmto -the 1'ndower sod. -.~er .lO .~otainag ca te-ot-ab' hiteesb rden of ebed~t~e anTs-eamnrt 50
SHrP NEWS. LIVERPOOL. Atm- 19. Thesteamer Cityof Baltimore, from Philadelpbia, hb araivod ofE CorkL Sailed.-The Seaflower, for Rotterdam-the Gulnare, for Clritiania -the Orion, for }sLnore-the Superb, for Carden"sa ATJrous 201Wind,E., strong. Axrived.-Tho Malcolm, from Colombo-the Witch of the Wave. from Itsca-the Aqnes, from Copenbagen-the Hclene, from Iceland -the AhIL, fromW Msa, Saled.-Tho inuda, for Pernambuco-the John Milton, for New York;-the Juvenlta, for Cllao-theMonteagle. for Aders-the Pequot, for San lbancisco-ehe eteaner EBriesion for wew York-the steamer Niger. for Africa-tho White Star, for kothoorne-the Aljianoo. for Rio Jvaneio-the Jeannette Molonelv, -for Ostend-the Cheshire Tose for Opoto-ie Proven, for Coyonhhgen- -the William idilos, ierAfrica-the HIolier, for A den-the 31ary and Asdobie, for Fernado -the Mischief, for Naples.: IoxDox Aug 50.-Wrnd at noon, moderate breeze and cloudy, wvith oosonal showers of rain. PArarouTH, Aug. 10-Wind, E.N.E.-Sailed.-The Florist, and the No, for Arntrerp-the IdaFla, for london-the Mora, forBelfast. BIrOMo, Aug. 20.-Wind S.E. Light, stoemy. Arrived, the Snowdrop, from Constanilnouile-the PAris Berta, from St. Feterabnrg-the Express, from Haylo-the Sabrina, from Cork-the Calypso, from Dublun-the Camilla, from Waterford-the Juno. from lifracombe. Saied.-TheSt. Vincent, for Quebe-c-the Trovatore and the Isa, for lNewoort The BaechniL fromnPinceEdwards Island, is uow in Ringrond Bns, A%. 18.-The nrie, of La Hogue, from Cberbourg, is on the ands, with a heavy ea tEzvw. Aug. 12-About one-Third of tne cargo of the steamner Corgoe Hawkins, stranded near her, stMlaGpearsto be undamaged, andabout 150 quarters of wheat have been- disch rogedin Eo condition and arrived here; but the weather haviogbeeomes very boisterous it isfesred that the lighters and oeveral pusps, despatched yesterday, have not been ableto effect mueb. Wxenz Aug. IL-The hark Liberty andPrqperty, of Shields got ,rn ar ef off Aiga to the north of Ostergarnas Ighthouse, on the 12th inst.: cargo discharging. Efforts will be mnade to get her off. ;GRAVESEND, duo. 19. B (B S f r AND BRIsIx TELEoAMn) (From Lloyd's.) Seiled!-&hs Jane Ellis, for Naples. JAIUsUz 20. ii 33 tt.-Wmrd, S., I tido, lst hoes obb; cloudy. Arrive-The Eag'e, fromDantsio-the Frederic4 from MemeltheMadonna, from Wyborg-the Sorenvogel, from Archangel-the steamer Panther, from Boulogne-the steamer Batavier, from Sotterdam. Salled-Thi steamer Schuedam, for Schuedam-the steamer City of Rotterdam, for Hamburg. Ilpm.-MWnd SE.: tide, halffood; doudy. Aived,-Tho steamer Holland, frm Otend-the steamer City of Rotterdam. from aulkirk-the Luther, from Archangel-the Cathsrime Maria from Stralsund-the liza, from Antwerp-the Nestor. from Arcangel-thoeTamesand AgnesandtheJean, from Riga-the Phantom, from Dominica-the Viola, from Archangel-the Claremiont,froniHamburg-ths Margaret Jane, from St. Petersburg-the Eva, from Archangel-the Arva, from St. Petersburg-the John Grey, from Dantsio-the Fortitude, from Archangel-the1 Breeze, from Stettin-theeorm,a, from Onega-te Bela, from St. Peteraburgthe LordRaglan, from Calcutta. alIed.-Thesteamer Albion, for Boulogna-the steamer Belgium, for O.tend-the steamer Ceres, for Botterdam-the Clemanthe, for Trieste-theRooamond, for Stettin. hpan.-Wind, E.S.,: tide, last hours- flood; showery and mo. derate. IArrred.-The Glenlurt, fromg ostock-the Ocean, from Coen-the Pilgrim, from UMsaborg-the Maior, from Archangel-the Wave, fronm Guernagy-the Fylla, from Archangel-The John Bull, from Bala'xlav. j- Salied.-The steamer Stadt Dordrocht, for Dordt-the steamer Mo. selle, for rwtterdam, - T20p,m-W -nd, easterly, tide,5houro? ebb; clondy. Arrived-Tho Piearo, from Riga-the Emerald, from Archangelthe Ores from itiga.. - Sailed.-The Pater Holt, for Elsinore- the Prinesms Royal, for Yancoouvre's Island-the steamers Hano-.er and Teegrampb, for Antwerp- City of Hambrg, for, Hamburg-the Owen Glendowor, for 3fombay. DEAL1 Aua. 19. sy SumDfADtx AiNDT Bnsr TmErGRAtln (Fsomfloyd's.f) Bassed-The Hebe, from London for Rangoon. UGousI 20. ' 9 a.M.-Wlid, S.S.E.; moderate. Passed-The Prodromos, from Ibrail-tho Messenger, fromBalti. more-the John Bull, from Ba!aIlava--te Catherine Anderson, from Mogador-the Early Bird, from Phlladelphla-thb Giston, from Constntlinople-tbeFavourltoLass, fromiNewfonndland-the Monnegush. from St. John's. -Sailed.-ThsoKate Evelyn'forSk Peteraburg-the Conciliator, for Shields-the Ambassador, for HulL. Noon.-7W"d-, S.&W.; mOderate. -No arvls. - 2'jm.-Wind, 8y.11 ; light. '- -- lPseed.-Her Majesty's' steamer Gorgon, from 'Weoolich for the westward. 7 30 p.m,-Wnd, SE. ; moderate, .ith rain. 0 AncDored and rassed.-Tne James Henry Hind&on, from Oporto for Lendoxi-thoetoute, from Snlonica for Hull-the Tfentn, from Mlarseilesfor Newcastle-tho Agenorii. from Girgeuti for Newcastle-the Touville,from.the westwaid for S.t,- Petersburg-the Felicity, from Iceland forTalermo-the Betty, from Archangel for Plymouth-Her MajesWtys sbip Vigilant, from Sheerness for Portsxnoatb.h Arrived and Anchored,-The Hershell. from Quebet forloadon. - VrsDrss Si3oz Wrtr. The Vision, from the -thde for -Valparaio, Juno I, in lat. 1 S., lon3g. 33W.- An English ship No. 1,643, third distingujehing pend3nit, June 27, in 1st. 7E E*ip beng. 21 W. *ThheFglshshlpfrls,Julyl3inlat 25N bg3W -.The Aice Wright, for New York, Jaty .0, 1n3at. 231W. ' The Johanna Mara, from'Rotterdam for Batavia, July 6, In lat, 6 R.. 1ng. i1tW.- TheG ange,fromthe Clyde for Singapore, June l-ian lat. 8I.: Jonz.23W-. .D25 2W. ...'.'. - The St. Loui, of NSnteij, stee'hs&in us 6 i a , 1z. 33'-GlA: WATE. Aj I2WDoi.BjRmZ ThIS DAY. .01 .-...mb 1;^tee SlAflenoe ..., 39mm, aftrS ' BArtfsensent,P"<'s'ife ir Ijondone of Suntda nazt, Au 24, at Gratdtons aSnpplenent of 24 columnn, *I -contain full prticulars of theYorkAugustMoetinta and all the other: P.ylVctraYct Clb Matches, as. Cricktc Set=, sn IshOne Cllub an Ground," ' Keat:v, S - ,a Vother Important~mairh:es T'he Ring:,lsob. ravers 3T7d 0o Cob}oy, -Enoors and Laneans' Nofvioe, ds All theoothcer snorting an d mircillan enintwf ofthe weeXkwill be foun fully chetroniied, Prjice, untape, Sd;; rtamed,l,Ohe 170 Stad *
CA7ZTBAL CRZMIIAZ COUBT, A. 20. : . . : . t~ I n I 1 t... - OT,7'COTWR t - -~ ,4Before MrBarou frA ern.) tle ed to take his b-ia 'pnan indictment framned' undler the 251st clause Of the p AW Consolidation Act, which rhged 'him With having feloniously' neglected and omitted to surrener to P)AMs his ejaminati aorh the Court Of Bakruaspcy ono tec ayimitedfortion to Iafter he aabedL djudged a bankrupt., - nd cuiedcted the pc tioMnU andMr. Ribe his" -wAS a-prosecution directed by the Court of BmankruptcY. It aPpeared that-the priszner had formerly carried On business as A cheeSemongeir in the Commercial.roiad E sat, and that hehaddealingswith Me -i,Ac ekgad Co., wholetle chessemongers, and-in Tuly of last yoe there was a balance of 57L odd due to those gentlemeu,, The prsner Temovead from thei Com-ercialroad and t caset frusiness as a wine merchant at St Danstons enill , and . Aocks repeatedly applied to bliSsfoi thei se-ttlement.othis acount in. Augast and Soptember last year, had, linding that h3e could not obtain payment,'he aLt length, on. the 5th of October, pr es ten a petition to the Conrt--of Bankrptcy praying that -Ahe- yrisoner m ahb calded Ta ban t and adjudication of baneoptecy issued the fiouo , ay,d asdteprisoner wes'ordered. to attend 27th of Thember Oto pass hise xamintiCon. The prisoner _~~~~~~o the ^&4tS of Octbe idth ddn aotatt-ndoneirP :ndcstheot t y proseention l sumoastonhne wasp m no s nohing -taofs earxaofthio orank veruptcny en, a he wstend in to thepat' beershop on een omraitoos,o an on hlso thged skter whe3 ther hvi hean :senin etin ilto wesras noh, abne thathsnamews dwds~ -tb,SoLa3eibtthDeu n contended, was an ingredient absolutely necessary to'be made out in a charge of this description. L l. eBarOr 31acrrkNg said he -was of opinion that all tth~&Zt w-u uired o be roved wsthat te accusedliaa been iy a Jed tgeo u a to a bankrupt that-e tl the had Omitted to surrendron the days appointed for his doing s6. The statute had created a specific offence, and it appeared pinteiorha there was no necessity for'going, into any andr. Re ro then addresmd the jury- for the jrisdnei, and, after observing uponi the very, senous nature of the he l iade aIst him, contended t hat they ought to e shatihe ied ta there was some intention to defraud on his yart before they convicted him. of the offence with, which le was charged. . Mr. Baron, HAssTnf having suimmed up, D:Therju almost meatym etly retotued averdict of th'e, and at tne sme tita e said they were of opinion that an Act one of thopyhad detiee polioe, and that there was aiso an nd mieo n t tw ao e f ud . - - a ter d ueftgred Wm kno v ledgeo f.'Dush-adecrd tt 'Joh.i Dnnimng24, fsherman,Cap Indicted for the he slaughter-of Francis Toombs. for thwer m bMi. Bho kn and: M. Clark condoted the prosecution; tile prsionr wh defended bvhMr. Robinson. Tihls CASe was,ione Of a Lrather peculiar character. - The prisonLer and tli deceasd bothla belRedto the Barling fishing smath called the Royal Tar, and the Occurrence took l.ac ofthe coast of HOlidA wherze they- w-'ere engaged, in 7ihingon . the 11th' of July. It 'app=eard that on tlisdaoy the prisoner, the de as sed, and anocer semanel onging to the smackl, onamed Turner, -went on hebvdard Dutch vessel tbat- wa yn er the smack-, when -they all drank- a large quantty of Iolad,M And became dreaafully into.,td,a and were taen back- to their ' smack -by the b We appren! tiCeB in that state, between 11 And 12 O'clocik at'rnight, each taling with him a bottle of Hollnds. W,,hen -tbey got on beard the smacek the three Went eltOr into thid cabin, and. Lthe deceased threw himself down -and went to aleep, and -while in 'that state a o.iantiy of smaphtha Lthat VWa. usedr- on- board the vesselfo the ais of making signls wa throw ov- and by some. mean Or ogther his clote beae 5itd-a he was in flaines in an instant. lntiu odiin e upon the deck,.atnd;Tturner was severl,brttb deAvour t-o extinguish the fie.' T- unotnt ianlat length fi~ll uponi th'e d6ok,'and some bukt f water wie thrown upon. him and :the- fLife was pit ouit, but he-was'sc dreadfullyburnt that it wa&Ttwnsiderod&necessry-to-send him home, and he dieads fe*da&ys afterwards from the in jurieghe biAd recdeivd ~There was.no evidence to show line tedeceased'sclothes becme.ignited, -and thie-ri-ncipal fad againtte. proner appearedetobothat hevwasstai~dndgniau the decese at the- tccue, but it did-not 4ppeaf'that he had anylightin hispo=slon;and- one-of the apprentices, who-appeared to betheeo¶nly pomona wso~-wefe- sober U~On the occasion, stated-thatthere wasa-a ap near thie.d"ceaed, so that the unfortunato affair niight, bypssibllity, have been the result of accident.- . . - 'L - 1 ,' I .The learned Junax)G, at theclo0se' of- the-case fer the prosecution, expressed his oninon that there-was no evidcence I to gotteUryi support 6f the-charge,against the prmonerai Te wholeof the partjesAppae to have been'drunk, and therewasnothingtoshowhowstheadblir had rez4l taken pIasce, 1 - - -I - .1 The jury thierefre, uander -hi's Lordship's direction, ~ turned-a verdict of Mot Guilty. - M. Baron MA&RTne addressed.the prisoner,- and called hisa attention to the fearful. consequence that badl result~iaj in this case from- drunkenness, and- said he hope that ile dreadful fati of hiis comrarwde would be a warning to himi in fature.-- --. The prisoner, who appeared -to feel :his position, ~Y6 acutely, went into -a fit while the leared -Judge Was -d dressringhimn, and some timse ela-psed before 'he was ibi a state tobe removed from ~ ascribed - as- _V MTonqui wasvella s 33 a r native, opisieru,.dsrbd-l~ mehrchantteasndedoitedzfretfeloiul e vidnce n i ps soess iocetan freds odsosudrtsn or hepy Tent oas mae, apforeuign Snttate-namely, the Auteoityh of'h er.va Governamnd r Poandteoofndcted iptea prosecthioA, sonr.Iion was tha unsel- for. i-'tyinhepis onser.dr ,onl~a This was afproseduboion sinstituted- bysthed athoFrityiofth Government, and known as slave -bozids. ltK will~ bet1 re membereclthat about a year agjo that'Glovernment came to the determination of- manumittinig all the~ slaves in,their dominions,i at the same time giving- compe:ns'ation_ o'the owners, and this compensation-was pad nd ftedescription above-mentioned, wvhWic weriS- for~ a certain ~number of "pisco," a;_Fieruvian-- coini iorth-al;.osit Ss. 1Od. each, accrding to the -qua±tit~,of slavleg that were freed, and which bonds-were issued upon he~ credit-of the Republic., and were pay-able'after 4Spemo'd of Vhreeyears. The irsonear, -it apneared, wenit., to -the estabhAishmnt of -a Mr. Reutschi, a ait hicI - ,iter'J Ni6iBionuTolgateI ad inquired of him wehrh -NcIud2 mkb- fiac-szftn&asof siOatures, and, on his replying that-h~e coulc, lie hianded 'him some of the genuine signatures attached, to, the bonELreferred to, and asked hali to'cp thlem ;.arid uponi ltbis bengdone the prisoner-expresdhisl perfectly-satisfed,and Ve then produced some - of tHe rited-fotrms-of the bonds, andl wishedl IL-. De-dtsh tifrZii the n.at56rs, telling him that the 'documents, were passnorts- to enable persons to: proceed-, to- South America., '-Tlie _4p'risoner Vena wished- to lmow'what would hIe thaepes of r- viding fifteezihLundred- copisadewgtliwudb about lS. Mr. Deutsch- akd ba e u c e clinedto give% it,andwhen:he-asked for -bisiidesh~i that he lived in the country. The ~prisoner subsequehatly askedZr. Dentsch if he could Band him a clever jeumnaa who could copy some of the written portionb'f thebeuids, and he said he would give him 5&.- for - doin- so ; and'Mr; Deutsch t3ldbhimhe would endeavotur to -fn some one w;ho would do what hoWished It app'eaf~edthaithe susnLpicions of~Mr. I)utsch were very early aroused as- to the character o1 the transaction, and lie informied the reruvian. Mliaiister -of what was going -on, And he was put into communication with one of the detectivo police named Funniell, by wboni the Nrisoner,was eventually taken into custody ; and he then ~enied all'knowiledge of M1r. 'D)eutsch, and declared ithat he did not. know where 'Carpenter's-buildings, -where he lived was situated. , Upon- hiis being searched, a ruina of 541, l0s. iwa found -in the prisonier's possession, andl also a genuine bond,. fromi whichtea sguatame -that were used to obtainlthe false-fac-simlkts had been--taken.- - VtM. -HanvoN addressed the -jury on,~behalf of the prisoner, but ho Admitted that he couldl not hope to strugge sucmesfully-Against the evidence that had been, adduced_. . he prosecution. - o Thi learned TUMGna said'he quite aigreed-with -the I eare eounsel thatit was hopeess-tostmuggle:againstaconvlcun -as theevidezice-againtthe. prisoner-appeared to- him, of the mnost-conclusive=chracer. -- --The ur t aone returnied averdict of GutiTly. Mir. rSonxrsaid he was sorry to-be compelled-t'iniform the Court that, 'from correspondence whichi was diaco{'ered in the pomseasionof the- prisoner, there could- ~be no' doubt that t-he prisoner, and some, other persons had ent-ered'L into a regular partnership and had subscribed capital forthd'purpose of carrying.out a mnost elaborate system of fraiud. It appeard that portions ot those forged bendswer p4ted MELBrussels, another portion was prneatPrs,n1th prisoner appeared to have cometohicunrfrte purpose of perfecting the forgd-ntuet yadn the signatures; and they -wouldtehvbenrasite abroadt&6 be put into circulation.- TaLodlmsmnp-sid it was a-very seious offence, 'abu e would-consider whataceutence ought to be, pmenuned Courtof-this couintry, and the cases of five of th7amost important districts in England--:Lond6n, Mlddlesex,~ Essex, Kent, and Surey-anda aso the Admiralty.casey are tried at these sessions, and it-is -most important that tne judges should attand. -On 'ever- 'country- assize there -arc two judses, -one 'of whom taries- criminal- and the other civil case5, and they.are thus eriabled, and. d6 frequently eonfer together on legal questions ar4ipg on trials and on the sentencestobe passed. With reference to the sentences on prisoners,-it is-notorious that every act of Pariament of necessity allows the widest latitide ofpunishment. Some judges give afew months' imprisonment for offences for wbich other judyes would and do give years of penal servitude, and one of the principal objects of two 3 adges attending is thtthey shall- confer -together, upon th-eprintiplaof puslia-ent.' .s- that some uniforimity in sentenceiama; be secured; but-the abject, of- ourse, en- tirely fSI4.by fh pr?actice of- one judge- only attending the z-- :' '-' .''NEW ChOURT.-' :, .'- ': : * :(Bcfor ta Cos,oy- SEII.EATr.) -- JMiatS .;l:unbr, 24 tailor, was indicted -for steaing a Xantsty of 3e y, valu,ed at 631., the property.of Thomas him iuceay ;. ih t.ssaulting the prosecutor and putting . Mr. iyland prosecuted, and Mu. Sleigh defended. Theevidenceaddueed in support of the chargew-th s:The prosecutor isLjewe0ler and Watchinaker,harng a shop 3nark-kn l 'e 'pont evenigof tbgl8thof June atabout 6 o'clock, The prosecutor anda friend were in conversation in ihe shop 'when their attention was called to two men who wereloodnginatthewindow, one of whomtheyboth believed jWtie priener, aClir nervous action of the ns thnolti inemn S.itm lf e m ffie~~~~~2 left;ioiie@hS la-th',i 3ne camae into tehop) gand sked toook at some ahirta unori whiclh the ereecutor went round the counter to get teem from the 'wndo* -He M tben ionediLey aejiribd -b{heftJiInenbf-thi whomh beivedtobe the prsoner, whlel the other proeeded to lDnder the winncor.' ~PrSeu1or<~strggled violenty lrh ywaith t and struck hin on theface 'wt sucb-nolenoe that the rwore cut the man' face leaving apiece of ~esh adherinj to it. vi hn u was g4139 6n theote man .got out o titeshop, tywit rfpr oVrty, IProecutor? Qwever maapid to lixrek ay from. utnean holding hlr, and, altfe olioWring the other some short distance, seied andeld Idsm until some one else came np ad he 'WA taken into custody with the portion of the, property which le had itoliiin hir p lpon the proecutorretmrningto hi shop .e found the other-man gone, taking with him 1roperty 'amounting- in value to nearly 704, whirh had eeaced rom eone inform%. tion ihich 'was given to tbe police, the- prisoner, who ad onlr come- out, of Wandstortx Gaol the day ; waer s upon tbe'9th- of Jul iaken in,to custod1'c He 7ho athenu' npohli;forehead £ wound, appareiutl butrecetly inflicted. .Whenc in custody thie -prer splaced' ifo the conpalny:of<tseveral lother priaon ai d the-ttwo. oersonwho .ihad. seen the man in. auesoions nw from psecutor's shop enwere: broasghst ino, md they at inoee y1cle te prisOner 'out is'being',that man. ,- , Mr. SLXGE, for the defence, called witnesses to- p rove an Z,anduloDthie onlrmn 'nce rned inthe robbery, 'w1i WnO1 ow a. convict nnder, seiitenc'e of transortation. 'who swore that the prisoner was not his accomplice in the xobbery, but ref usd to say wlio it *a,ahihoughpressed h ythe Court to do so' - . The 'witnesses for the prosecution swore that the man 'whom they sa bad no beard, and atwaitatedshat whenL the prisoner left-the Wandsworth Gs,61 he- had- n6beard. The witnsses for the defence sworethat the prisoner at that tie wora a-beard p6n' his chin.' This day hie sported a large pair of whiskers, whi6h ite prosecitor said ws the sole cause of-his not being able to swear to iim.' The prosecutor-Baid he ws so m,uch hurt in his Ctbroat that for three das 'after the perpettation of-the-violence he couid sotalow anYti. -: , - ,,, ejulh~ afte x ,bour delibration, Acquid the -pri soner, i u' Xichae, Murphy, 20 cooper, a siinle_loo1 ng Irishman ws inficted f mor stoalingGeorgeos Davi, a c -fld'six yea's of . age. x - : - - 'her of th The CaSewas a very remarkie one. The mother of tie child, who Is deserted byherhwubid.Jivedatthehouns of the rsoner's mother atDeptford,,aid theprisoner was very fond of:the child. Upon the 13th of July the child sw16st, andthat day prisoner leftthe mother's houiseand came backupon the 26th, duing'which inteivil-not any tidings. could be iear&of the child. Prisoner. wa questioned, and, after some prevarication, admitta1 basing takeui the childL to -Liverpool and left it' with a friend, and tha' he was going to put it to-school and teach' it his 6wn. trade- he' had, it apmesred, bought the hild ,clothes adbehavediuostidadly [ to. Hesszia themotheras cruel to it. - - .-,The jury, ound him- Gui7ty; and he was ordered to' enterinto hisown recognizancesfpr his future gooc&on- d1uct. THI CORT. David Hore, 20,4lbourer, was indicted for cutting and wounding Jamei Clarke. The prisoner,*a-diminutive country ld, lives it Stanmore, and the prosecutor is a sbonuring man employeih by a shopkeeper named Sedgwick at Stanmore-common. On. the might of the 14th-of lasti month, at about 10 o'clock, the prisoner and some of his oompanious 'ent to the thop of proseou.or's master, and wanted to be served, which Mrs. Sedgwick refused to do, upon i which th-e prisoner beganto abusean& threaten' her, ind- prosecutor -tool her part. Thie prsoer then offered to 'fight;'which the pro&ecutor, 'wh is a hbigmin, treated asn ajoke; 'and they stood up; when'some one'said "Take care, he has a knife 5" and i, a moment the proeecutoi was svereI stabbed: in the Te jury found the proner Gplty of flfilawfuliywoundng, and he wa sentenced to nine mdoths' impfisoninent.' -loth his LonnsirF and 'the jury said that Clarke, the prosecutor, had behaved exrremely icill in saving- his mistress from the violence with whibhslhew-asThreit4ned. 4 John Pinkeitn, a tall, well- ~ de4mn, 63 years of was indicted for seaing and receiving a qantity -of towels snd sheets, tbed property of the governors o. the Ch3ng cross Hospital. 'Mr. . J.lPayne p utd and .r Giffard defended' - The risoner, it apkears, is'the-owner and uronnretorfof paver, lodgi,-houses nCarlee-street, Drury.n, 'hehynEel iliing at . orme time past the 6ohcehave' ceiyedrepeated complaints'r6of s -ubenevbwhich 'havebeen committed W the 'prostitutes 'andthieves who lodgel in these housesi and uponthe 24th'of last month police-constable Thomas' of the F divison, went to mnake inq ries out some tbings w,ich ha;dbeen stolen,r and - the relt lwasthat he todk the prison'er in custody, and UOd I searCh- g found the articles, mi- iqunthisn, whichthad'n Me. Pien oau ofIabundle neuponthe 21sofJunefro the Charmgc.ross Eospital to boe iwasbed, ,The- marle- had becii cut ont of the towrels. and iheets, and -patch s .put' in' their place. uome of them boire the Clrow marn heifg ah gif,t erom tie Palace to the-distitdtion. e - ' - ' ' I Drizngthe exaoination.of the constable rela tive to 'his findin to- 1ales. npsen tis undictme.nt, er, PAt. , proe tonshow he other properta forrndmin thehonse.l 'uurt'Fi,f lbjectedi rand:cited-the decisionof the loudrt o- ia l Appeao in ' case of- The Queen snd Odtdti,wen." hd e3-fth&-' Yr: PrtEi~NDERASr sa,a .M ' Pa,vne could' not do.as, he proposed, randethatytheymnst corfie themselves to the course nowhlaid:dowieg 'he -did ' agree with the change itwxasnot'?o ceonducive to. j,ustioed The old-practice which; had' be~u so long pursued wras.-undoubtedly. rhe best. cThe jury foundthe pgsone t- ,cu eo f hf'receein.' s''l| ..he primouer was geiroimdcctdm for rec'sing a'laege buant'ity of linen'which pin, d bie ld o f rommthe c of a laundress at tshe dosof i'a ;Mm; 'Marshal, of 192, Oxfordstret,-:whencekit had. een fetched; -' lest. cae'i. - - , hspoeh be om,4q thedls ase 1askth edverings oE nimie'cariagecurbiona wvhichi had ie~n -itolen buat a short 'tinme before From a coacbmaker's in the neigh-' bourhood.- A gold pin, whMich-Ilia be'en stolen from i aPn tlernan's acardf, and which led to this inquiry, was found iin tbehprisoner'sprivato closet. I - - L' Thepoliceoip i 7ru t ;tc'Thfethings found in'p-iiosneie house. There were about600,'different things, such as LoId -watches, plate, rigS, pin, 'gownitiects, cut ery, and oth'er miscellzneous effects, all uf-hichbore evidence of- hx g b&n stolen. , -c -TheCoURT senteneed rheprisoner,tol2 months'imprison-jent, tellhig him that but for his age the sentence would h,ave' been muwh more severe.
Z'OLrUL'. MAxSsoy-nous-WOiSlham: Mrchant, a jonTne,.nan carpenter in the service of Me&srs iee andSonD contracors, of the Belvidere-road, was brought before the I 9Pn MA ,,n charged with.stealing a shawl, from the.. warebo o Messrs. Morley and -Co., .warehousemenr of.Gntter-lane,t whose m eshe atwork for bIi emrployers. Rtichard Birkett, wrebouseman, in the service of Messr. Morley, said,.-The prrviisesc:of, the firm are at present undergoing rations, and the prisoner. has Iben empl6yed there as 3 carpenter. , About 9 o'clock, yesterday moriiig, I turned over one .of the-wrapners mn the celar of: the. warehouse, and discoverd a shasivl -.wich obght not to have. been there. I communicate&lwhat £ had .seen to my eme' loers, nd by their directions. the shawl -was left there. fbout half-past 5. o'clock in the afternooni I missed the ahawl, and suected that the prisoner, -vhom I had eIeen leave the cellar, -had taken it... A policeman was then caDed in, and he took the prisoner .to the station-house.' * W. Malyn, city nolice officer, 456.-I took-the prisoner into custody on suspicion of stealing a shawl, and on saerching him at the. s'atio0liouse found the one prodauced. concealed between his shirt and his body. When cbaared: &ith stealing it, he said he could not acconnt for having taken it.- The prsoner, in- reply to the charge, saidjInererl had. the slightest intention of stealing the sliRwl, ind I thinkl can satisfy your lordship as . I d a have satisfied. Mr. Morley, if lhe hadlistened to me, of the fact. I was workingeclose to where aPrge quntity of shaw;lsv as lying in the carlypatt of the morning. - Out- of cur~iosity I onened: one of them; tnd during the iime-I wvas loo1 inzat it t vo of thec young men beloring. to- the- cstalisluient- eame down-i stairs. I eid not want them to see me meddling -with it, aniot hiavig an oppottunity of puttingitin its proper I ace, e.cept in a disorderedL state; I tbrevv it down. By and bylfoldedit; and removed it toa more favourable place. I foandit imDossible to§pnt it bsckwvithbut bein.' detected; and Ithought of Icidingit in thecelLar,-whlere aaere 'wasa | large oantity o£ -lumber. - I 3ftenrrds 'went dowii and secretea-it about me so-as tot.keitnnoticedr tothe place I originally took. it from, and just-aslgotlo the head of the stismlwasollowed and given into custody. I pleui. ! guilty to having pom#ssion-ot-im b&I: had no intention whatever of steaig it. 1 3ve illhiiyiffe -orked hard for my. iving, and never was in troublo before. The prisoner was remanded. Louisa Kobbk `Zlii Cook; ;and Edwin James Mitchell were placed at the ba '-chiiteaing three pint and a hoaf-pint pewter pots frorn the Coooers -Anus public. hous in Miles-lane. Samuel Bice, Nb. 615, sid,- Abo-* o'lCck last I niot I saw the pris6nerswfhib-er drunk, walking arm-narm i-. Bishopegatestreet. - Iaaked Hobb, -who had b appou an*,-wit shc l about her 'ivhen she produced a pint pot- *h -er o:cf KXtnpton" on it. Wici IV asloo ILat,it She dipped another, and on -the road to the-tationhozse he Plaed athird- on a window lpon a gherie wasurth pot s found in-bhr Rt. Bihi-ey, manager to Mr. Kamplon, landlord of the Coopers Arm, ielentif*d thpol athe proprty i ~astp,m~d sid, tet t~~riawers bd bee drinkisg the taproom of the house a considerable portion of it afternoon. Cook and Mfitchell declaed that they did not knowtha Hebbe had tkO theJoi4 and the l il m iun t her p oy .n ThOeLORD KoLYoan ow.1 -.:B rT. ~xY2oa- receive .t.heyfc,l- - w ith aler. fto-t boxa-- e moi1t in The Tsa im dlyrequested for the sum of 3s2j, fins at SeviOle f a doiassc ci 54 iAW * XLORrOrop.olaD r.-Henr7 -jas, a - peon o1 repctWappearanoe,w bras t W rc fnLBxaoK, chiped with obtaining goods from M'l.;Plii* boier- Ie ws remandedtill Wedd . WinElJsML-~ ph~ ffiaveThbte a yeaeii the 3d btt~ion f i~ Grnader Gard ~ww char'ged before Mr. A3aMOLD~ wih' osittiog violentj asIuts o Jb Jak son and Patick Crwley. . r J ' -' The prisoner wAaed aor-, in default oa cr4 t -ontha'.i3mpdseiwmepiin the Houseof-erCo in -Mr. Henry Tyler, of Vicolr apr.onhej .Charged, at thel instance of ±tha -Wssminster Im rvenieng Coimisioners, ith steeling a quantity of=i °lged be the ef the commissonW _ Tbe pessoner wsW ==*.-n aformer occasion, tkc- iagistrate.exprmidaC oin that the chg _reeilvedtelf into a_quest of dt odome Alter wintnesesee;ad been eiiminedclon both ale$" z. Axmo=u remaked. that onthe forme occasion he rintimated a strong opno tLat, the; ag amounted to ran ~ ~~ ou o apsnfie cab,bt it c a up --in 3t a - queseti of dis~pute Asa. to -the' rigard of , v6esie.WW) b otieen e the Com coisloners m-nd -isoine -Everin that me sinme oorted bhas coUire i n a opiion., Mr. Tyler thinks beli s . ghV to take away joi geritcs withiout a feliuaiOUiteti6ii. Hemxay orm-niyot-beliaie. to An actiOn of tresUas but therm aneared to him tohavel been mo feloniou intetion, S nd the mcaw is dim mued: The tp7ione whe dimcbarged and vet he or with lisfr=e r qot T sn aWsOe =e ThR -Gwhge A&dasui .f cadrIe, to chaged beforer. D'EYsscounh vith the folowing'b.- bery:- ''* I _ _ - Se nor Banio n Ber crdaead oN eb.p calIed O-K = Orrantis, ae priate frAnd of the se roOeeutor, a- interpreter). b-i am a Sout& Arricmnirebant, and, havinhg abrivea at Sonhwpbonc3the'2diz, -tproceeaed.to t6wn on the fol.. lowing d ,s.3bout-lp'elek-ooka cab_ nAk_be;3?&xi. Itheon, in foDrd-strhee-tobront:,me, -iynlusmgen and- two Ioung gentiemen,-Wose euardian. I Am,jo An hotel in Binsz celvd I pqreen binge pronf foreign lodnw s mibed Colnna td., caonvsw.s beg,n& thewbol se nred i a i iand chief, -which uipon enterin b rsb-fioor ap rtnint fwfohe hotel JiisovTered I I Aeft -in pieca I iantly r-an out to detain the calij, but- t-ws_ej n my r3ubteequent meatch for. it prvdua g-K mioney Oonsiste of. varsious gold cis' oui~n Cheisin, Me:xIc*q,_sad new GaaL do in :Cfl* bag there weres o0golad cndor pi5iec, or moi t . echind Enlimhinicuey; in an thoerbas her erm 1ho &as 2Ujohlige s g woe fro ilnss. Cbo bPircy,ca-poprth 4i.etoe-n Sand ' - the 3d, th tpWO,ollm.r pecs e t ttheca,ras about h Se h doliraeo worth, or re, sind and totok l miit-be:heo- ib do .The-coin now-inposseseonof hvaluinhteou IO thpolie 'c~-onsiting of 25 condor pieces, nine aoubloons, six tWO.dOIllas-iZd onei oneidollart once,lelievto be dmine, amn. ticat den: yoneeo the dolla pieies ftom_itabj~-ng -imperfect,jLt,b tlthee is still a great mnmber of the coins missi-ng.;- I think.the prisoner is the zabmnax -whom I hired, but~. as, his, ress is difereieit, i cannot. positively. swear to hime, im4 the tw6 young gentlemeni w'o -were with. me at the timn&e a-re now unfortuniately Senor Orrantia, also aL Souith Americani nxerchant, dit4iled. t'he description the' prsecutor hae previously given-him of the mner3n whicflbehad beinxobed,3nd-whch was a thzenrhat a owd heaosd.to. Mm._George Cutler, iean in Hoborn0..-OT the Bb, the roner, wom I had previoly e o Romfrd,calld uon mewrith a goldl dou(bloo,- te value of -which hei wi3he to knmow, and. I took- it toamny dealer-maiiied.-Webb, whioL 'pronounced it to. be 'woitk-24 Theprisoner. ti&be had fouInd it at the bottom .of. h-i'cab, and iaked mae to have it-nmadejniit& -xitchchainIla -my own. Onhe laybefre this oceiirrence' Ie me to6 me n&Iborrowed £.siling sying he thought ie~ should-have J`jobtheiiexbdsy., . - I. - M&r. Xent`, watchimaker, Red I.ion-st~ieet, ifolborn.- on 'Thursday, the 7th, the.prisQnjer;-WloL Was fornserlyzin the service of, emriumiy neighbourhood,. called. bpon7me and.purchased.-one cmivI lerver tche&for-41. 14r. 6, in pmrt payminsnf-wlichCbe asked ;xat6 take a doubloon miarked "piliofraas andI did so, alol him 11.16r. orit in.eridie b Lane ince.I ay l afterwiardssold the doubl6or &oA4uer -nimed e~yers. ' L _Reily, 1-15 E.-In-ooeasequselce of information I had. reoei relreded~ the prisoner atlislodgig i h runawice-square __ d,_ place hgimg inth thLe station-house, -went hack to' teuh ~ gs, whee in xwalstcoatpocetp I discovered this piece o paper, withL t wrIwtten on I;" 0 New- Grainadisni douibloons, 15 and. 20 CDIurnbians~, and.Tarious pieces of 10 and. 20 in gold." He 'said. hi bd -driven tb6 cali for another man, wlbo *as obliged to go home, from illness Charles Piercey, cab-proprietor.-On Sundaxy, tire 3d, the prisoner came to.Ime with a ca, usaying he had <s come from 'Finshuysur, n.ak:.mwa~hi sourla do withte'ca, a be'ha.eenou't-.it'hit fo'rainan named Clarke, and. hre -was fearful, if the owner of-itsfaw him -withL it,ihe'wouiLd'give him i-ato custody. I advised'him to ta'ke it bomne at onne and. he- drove off-in that direcntion. aq a-I'hae 'iin ow tb.pris aon er twvrio or three y e ar4 a nd. prisoner alter he had been secur,, anq,-toqpressi,ng may sorrow for his position, told -hin-if-hle-revealed. to me where thg Stolen' MIZ70r.-wad -on6osled,I1lrdard that the .gentlea -*ho hadiost it-would ifot-proeeoutez He asked. man, who promised n2ot' to prosecute if the money were restored. .r~ion.ertold.ne.to go tO_his lodgingsandsearch in the waBbbonse, where amIIong !rmould-an4 rubbih I should. ind it and..ie is examnng-anaollused kitchen I'atirstound~ a ofcoin -conoeaed in the.ruxbbis there, 'an susjeuty dscoere eiht orepieces, the whole of hith'hadado:te'ofior -I. hencaJlled-upon-Senor Orrnti, iBlonrsuryeteet to'reate*lrtl addone, - that wich had een lolt 'Trione.-Te'poscutorsai. le wuldnot -prove the - Mr.D ~corsr.It dos notrestwithL the proseCuItDr; ~~~~~~~~~~~rmn o, o
TLr6SPoION,Oi.-The select committee of the House of Lords have reported to thefollowingiffect:That 5 con ce.ofihe:X steof transportation to some colony or colonies would be higblydesirable, provided the system could be carried on -with advantageto the colony and wth satisfaUlon1othe colonists; .thit i order to-=i.fy a colony as a place for th o reception of convicts, it is necessary that ther6 shocld be withinf it a, consideble Adtitand for their labour, and that there-should be such: a-sasnount of free population az rwould preveat ine nlity between the sexes and too grt disropr rtion of the convict element; thit it would not be dfmrabla tn-send convicts to Itorston Bay, thelledlliver,-or- the :Fakn Islndsi and that, a?s regards Vaneoulver's Ilnd, there is not: efidence ample enot whereupon toground.a decson tihe the- comite- tink 'the.ln -woS. considerationl by Her- .lajesff zGoveznmient. The committee call f ef rtio of. Government, in the;event of .a newv eonvnct: setlemuent 'ben formned, to the nort,hern n.ortioss of: Austrlia, and m3ore .especilly to the head -the Guh,h of-pentari and thfe adacent is4ands. -Among'xiSting eolosWesternAustrilia:seeius -to offer the onalyfidd for thc continuance of transportaton. There the? sysem -appeass'to have boeen- cnrried onS w.ith 8reat advaaitag to -thee colony ad satisfaction -to the ,colonists, unil*ltbin thelat:few2months,winenachan has been'de in the seletion of the convictsentfrom home, and very much for theworse. 'The aonmittee immediato reversion to the prevous practice of 'election. The continued influx, however; of convictedprisoners into a colony so smiall as Western Australia will present man pxactica .difculties and require'thevig lmt attention of the Home Government. The committ recommend an early reconsideration of the -provisions bywhich a convict is called on to repaythe expense incurredincarighimoutto Austral, and in certain ases to pa a krge portion.of the expen seofsendingout his family. They aso state thit is desirble1 o reinew and revise-the' provsions of the act 16th ann4l7th of Victoria, ebap. 99, bhich the ters of tiansportion, as previonsly existin', Were commuted for s;hortertasus-hI-~euida tude zin lEnglazd. Ty q frhether hIe abridgment of thepen rseotenes, on condition anditi ur, ~theTremarkthatthve haono platt edC new snde; Eworty? difTiculty -it thewy f *ell- reulated tnsporation. oTe W1intes of Bvxoence foUo; ocup,ying a Epace ofmnoro than 100 pges. - :-2- - SCRE o CswhESTAES.-AhOUt 1,oOO aces of of te mnor ofEpworth and Westwoe, togthrwitha quantityof amble and grs land, farmnhoue, sad builrdings 'The sale was -attended by inany of the leading gentlemenL and soliktorsiof the Isle of Ahaolme and srrunding dis. trictg. Ther manors ofEpwo.!ih anidWestwod,dwith tbeir fines, chiefrnt, &e, weoe sold to-Mr. G.S. flsii; of Hirst Proerro for l,15W. Seventy-fitv acre.of warp lano in Owaton par wer bold to Xr.W.E. Hebson, Kettleby Thorpe r37,651. -:179. Amm of isirln-gaHae 'Adverkiaement.1-The "Life of Marguerte D'Angoulexe," Qxn of Xmm iAsl* oed t - cfe at Le iw1 EO1i7e 3721j1 1..a Asesa ed5itia s-d aewisd *sitioh a now readinZvols.~thpit sajsa,lb' Beatb di.tOL. 'TheM in te r m of b s t iA tha o ,!emeute.-_ orymas -an k _# ths-.# k tons* wenz~a~ _~~'Z - inatka_s * gdoer a InM i" wb_*¢wls _Oct - t s IS aa~amiG~k. 1t .bIJ. - j} beesh ~ ;4 - ,
ROYAL VICTORS . YACHT CLTR RAd - Tne departure of the boat from this Aoun for Portsmouth last evening precluded the possibility of giving the results of theracesfortheCommodoreand Vice-Coumnodore's Cup, for cutters, and also of the club prize of 601. for schooners. In respect to the first, an opinion was hazarded that the Thought was the winner, which turned out to be strictly correct-and, indeed, but one prevailed from the time of starting, that she would carry off the prize. The race throughout the dayreally lay between the Thought and the Extravaganza, as the others were such a long distance astern as to be entitled to no consideration whatever. The time at some of the principal points was given yesterday, butatno part of the course hzd the Estravaganza,in thelight and variable winds that prevailed from the E.N.E., the slightest chance of taldng the lead, for the Thought had it her own way-it was the breeze that exactly suited her, and had the weather been picked for the occasion none could have been batter adapted to her racing qualities. The Extravaganza being much the larger vsesel, the-rebeing a difference of 23 tons between them, of course could nob mnake way in euchlight winds srLains her smal antagonist but, notwithstanding this dlsparity of tonnage, the Extravaganza did well, and she has proved herself vorthy the famo she has already acquired as the winner of Prince Albert's Cup at the Squadron Regatta at Cowes last week. Sir Percy SheUleyis fortunate in the possession of such a yacht, and no gentleman more sedulously studies those points that aid her speed and innp her general arrang2ments. On rounding the Nab ablght general From the Tbought had the lead, and the light breeze which prevailed of course favoured her, as will be seen, for she ganed upon the Exrtravaganza ell round the course. The official thne of roundinag the *Nab Lights on going dawn from the starting vessel, was as under:- b'ICxte v.u s. .e .t.. . 411 .2 2 Thorust- .12 29 30 Extravaganza ~~12 35 0 The other two vwere so far astern assto be hardly worth timin. hLut they aTrived as under hs. an. O Besers- .. .. .. .. .. ..10 0 1 The two leading cutters then proceeded to the buoy of the 'middle" in the western channel, andit uilbe seen thatin going to theother extreme point of the course their relatve pAit ons werebutslightlychanged, forthe Extravaganza could never overhaul her opponent, or even draw upon her. On rounding the western mark-boat they were timed as follows: Tbeubt .. .. .. .. ,. ., 1 17 0 Extsara~~~s.usn.~1 22 50 The vessels had to beat up to windward on the return to Ryde, where they were again timid:- ¶rtea5ht ..iis .. .. . h. m. axtras,aLu * *-za. 2 2 30 leworus. . 2 16 0 EnRico.~~~~~~2 185So },L~aTaeSz . .. . . .:. . . . . . . 3 2 1SS Going down to windward thoe Throuht showed her quailt ties, for uhe succeeded in gaining upon her rwrsovering ants2gooi? but the day was all in favour of the smaller v£ssal. They, rorndcd lthe Nab I3ght a second time as munder:- :- -- -'a. 5Ttousht.2 . . . . 54 30 Esbavcao2Nsa. .. ... 3 2 0 Ihero as nzvo material change worth recording up to the western point, Which wais thus rounded fof the 'secndtime:- h - a. e longer the courzo the :reater was the advantage gained by the light vessel. The wInning vessel was thus reached :- , : Tiiought- h4 ri- - Extavaganza ,, . .. ... .. , .5 683 -..0 Hesperus 5 45 50Q Theo iddeo gave up after rounding the Nab light the The detail5 of, the ace for tho Club Prie were left unfinished from the same caujo yesttrdays the preteding race, but there is little to add to yciterday's information, er_ept as to the restult: The Maraquita was beautifully bsiled, and tho lead she took shortly after starting she well maintained, butt nothing could be more nicely balanced than the respective qualities of the Beatrice and Georgiana, and if the time regulation did not apply to them it would be perhaps difficult,, unless on a wind, to. say which lwy entitled to the preference. With nearly -G00 tone' differesace betwreen them, the Beatrice did wonders, iseini able ov;er a course of nearly 60 miles to keep way with a ves-,el that possessed such great advantages, and being only finally beaten by one minute. They arrived at the winning-post as under:-- h. m.e. Marareita . ... .. ..-.. .. 5s 53 0- Geri .. .. . 67 0- Beilsrse .8 .. e. . .- 61 Zenave.5~~170 Mr. Carew is consequently the winner of the prize, and well is it deserved, for his vessel was sailed adniirably. The Zonave, although only 64 tons, wee nowehere, and sadly disappointed many of her supporters, who betted thatshe would secure the prize.- TheArrzow went anay frome this p lace last night for Southampton, to be remasted, and shoise expected back here to-morrow. This morning a somewhat extraordinary occurrence took place on the pier. A newsvendor residing in this town has been for 10 years in the habit of going over to Portsmouth to meet the London train, and, having got his newspapers, a. soon as the boat came alonaside at Ryde they-were eagerly purchased by the company ona the pier. Recently a large London newspaper vendor has opened a shop on the pier, and, with the right of keeping a shop, it seems, has engrossed the entire right of selling papers on the pier. As soon as the resident' newsmtianx landed this moaning he began to sell his newspapers as usual, and as they were supposed to contain an account of the regattathey were sought with more than ordinary avidity,. but he had no sooner drawn one forth than a policemen came up, threatened him if he Eold papers there he must look to tie consequences, and although many were almost clamorous for their supply of intellectual food, with the news in his hand, and anxious to supply it, he was prevented from doing so. The newsvendor, we-understand, intends to try the right of the Pier Company to prevent him selling his papers, he having a legal right to be there by the toll charged upon him. Is not this carrying things rather fareven for the sle of Wight? This morning Mademoiselle Piccolommin gave a concert at the Town,hall, which was well attended. Among the cornpa are Signor Belletti, Signor Beneventano, Mr. Charles Braham, and others of metropolitan fame. There is also a powerful orchestra collected, and the performances gave the greatest possible satisfaction. Piece, the blnd mminstrel, is here, andLgives a concert to-morrowr morning. T:he followring are the entries for HIer MajHests Cup to-morrow-the YTictria course-twsica iound. Time for tonnage according to Ackers's scale Yachts. Tons. Owners Anew .. .. tee .. Mr. Thomaes Fhamberlarne. Georgian3 1.. .. l 1g .. Captain Charles Thelloson. Mlaraquita . lOS . r. P. B. Carew. Extravaganza .. 48 .. Sir Percy Shelley. Hesperus .. .. so .. Mr Nathamiel lonteSere. Brilliant .. .. 48 . M r. George Holland Ack-ers. Surprise 2.. .. 0 .. Mr. J. Wildknson Tetley. Zeusvoe .. .. f 1 . ir. Rtichard Arabin. Whirlwind.. .. 40 .. Mr. Frederick Thynne. 3enli3te .. 65. 6 ieAt-COL Freeston, Mp.P. The race is expected to be a very close one, but it is extremely doubtful if the Arrow will arrive in time to stirt. To-day was appointed for some manceuvring with the yachts lying off here, aud although signals were made from the Commodore's yacht at 11 o'clock this morning for them to get under way it was not responded to, partly through the hazy and unsettled state of the weather, and partly from a desire to keep their sails dry, to husband their resources for the contest for Her Majestys Cup to-morrow. F This evening the annual dinner of tbe club will take place at the Clubhouse, and the meeting is expected to be very numerously attended. We have just learned that the committee of the club that met to-day on board the Commodore's yacht, the Brilliant, havingtaken into consideration all the circumstances attending therace on Mondaylast, were unanimously of opinion that the prize should be presented to the eMosquito, in consideration of her having generously given T her chance of the race, to render a6ssitance to the dismdsteA Arrow, and by towmng.her up to the pier. The decision of the committee has met with the general approbation of the IClub. ROYAL THAIIS XNATIONAL REGATTA. Yesterday's we<.ther was even - more discouragir- than Monday's, and the number of visitois was by no means so great. One day's soaking seemed to have satisfied all but the most entbusiastic, and there were but few present beyond those who had a share in the day's proceedings, or who were drawn there by an interest in some of the candidates. One of the city barges, carrying Sir J. Dake and party, made its appearance early in the day, and the scarlet liveries of its crew gave a pleasant relief to the eye, wearied with gazing eternally at "the wild waste of waters." The sport was sxcellent. The Champion Four Oars was one of the finest races rowed on the Thames for many years. There weere four entries-the Elswick, St. Agnes, better knowvn as the Claspers, the Hamnersmith, and the Manchester; and, after a false start, all got well away together, pulling nose to nose until offthe committee-barge, when the Manchester men, leaving the Middlesex side, drew slightly ahead. At Craven-cottage the St. Agnes puled up and took the lead, the Elswiek following themi. A11, however, were close together and rowed well in lne. The Sb. Agnes maintained their lead the remainder of the distance, and ultimately came in winners by a length, the Elswiek being a fine seceond, the HIammersmith third, and the Mn. chester last. Tne pace was remarkably good throughout, and the victory was entirely one of skill and science, The race excited great interest, and it was stated that considerable sums of money had been staked on it. Another excellent race was the final heat of Watermen's scullers, which was wvon by H. Kelly. He went off with the lead, and kept it all the way, but there was a severe struggle for the second place between Cole and Ralph; the fine rowing and judicious steering of the latter gave him the victory. This race was 'rowed down from Hammersmith, after the turn of the tide, when a strong wind had got up, which made the water what is technicallY called " lumpy," and greatly increased the difflc.ulties of - the rowers. For the eight-oared race, which is a novelty in the programme, there were three entries, all the crews beinooftheLondonRowing Club It was won easily by the boat w6iclfwas steered by Mfr. Stanley. The stroke o Mr. Bunrchett's boat broke his oar and fell oyerboard early in the race; but, spiteof this, the crew of seven achieved the s econd place. 1one of the other races presented any particular features of interest.- -The following is a list of them, with their results:- Taim GEaNXAs:S Scar,gnst RACAE. Mr. Gregory (red and black).1 lr. Therne (blue and white) .. .. .. - 0 Mr. Cazaly (light blie). 0 Mr. Sciobel (wbite) WATBRsmEN'S SCULLERS' RACE. Firs Heat, T. Cole, Chelsea (white) . . 2 A. Ralpb, Wandsworth yellow) . 2 G. Barrett Mancnester (black) . . Second Heat. Heary Kelly, FElbam (red) . . .I - Thomus Mackinney. Richmond (blAn) 2 John acckinncy, Richmond (green) . . 0 ieal Heat. Henry Kelly .. -a A. llph.. 2 T. Cole .. 3 T. Maki ey .... .. . .. 4 WATER3EN'S SCULLERS' RACE IX OTM-PASIONEEN BoATs.- - First Heat Fennis, Tower (green).. . Robins, Battle-bridge (white). Mathews (blue) Knox, Old Barge-honse (green and white) o Second Heat Chambers, Newcastle (pink) .. - .1 Piners Witehall (blue andwhite) .. .. Goodson (blacks) Bell, Richmond (red and white).. .. .. 0 Fnnal Heat Chamubers ensis . ..3 Robins ..4 GE';Tinsat's (J P.uios) Four. OARED RACE: Albion Club. London Rowing Ciab .. *..; 0 The Imprompt .0 TRADES E's PRr-OAREM RACE. WalkerandRichardson (white).. .. .. .. 1 Bnli s and Wray rolue) . . .. . 0 Jones and Sanderson (red) .. .. .. . 0 CHA loPION ForVsB -onPD RACE. St Agnes-London and NewcaWe I.. 2 Elsnick and ondon .O The lfa-miersmith Crew.. - .. ManchesterCrew. 0 Sldbumy,-Steerer. The pri-4 were bresented in the evening at dtemorn6- gadens. The caps, which wvere manufactured b,y-Benson,. of Lu4gatehiiLl, vwere displayed on a stand in the centre of the amphitheatre, and a¢S each of the fortunate finners advanced '.o receive his reward, Sir James Duke, who-presided, addressed to him some apptopriate and complimentary remark. With this;4-eremony the Regatta of 1So6 concluded. --- -
" WHERE'S THE .POLICE P TO THE EDITOR OF THIE TLhES. Sir,-In the name of public safety, Ihope you will allovs this letter to appear in your columns, and turn such attention to it as yoa can spare. I do not complain of being garotted. I am perfectly aware that I am liable, at any hour of the day, to be choked in such a pablic, thoroughfare as Victoria-street;. Westminster, and have my watch torn fromn me. I expect, as soon as it is dusk, to. be Ithrottled on my way to Bayswater, or strangled in Rupert-street, Haymarket, or Draycot-terrace, Sloane-street. I should be surprised if I were allowed to cross Paddington-green, or turn down John-street, Adelphi, vithovtfindin" mywindpipeinthe hug of awould-bemrurderer, if necessary. r have made up my mind to these attacks, in common with the rest of London, long ago. They are, evidently, far beyond the powers of the police to stop ; and therefore, when I talk to foreigners about London, I no longer astonish them by saying, " You are perfectly segure all the night in any part of London," as I was once wont to say; I substitute, "If you are returning home lateifrom anywhere, always take a cab, or you will be strangled in the streets." But I do complain of finding no grater security on arriving at homo-locked and bolted up in yoar own house. I reside in abroad, respectable, well-lighted street, opening directly into one of the most populous London thoroughfares. My house has been three times broken into and robbed. The first time the thief was caught by my brother, who came in from an evening party at an- inconvenient moment for the burglar. The man confessed that he was going to a "job' in Westbourne-terrace, but, seeing one of my drawing-room windows open, Le had mounted the area railings, "swarmed" up the pillar of the doorway, and so entered the house. He bad three months, and the police say, " Ah! that was Soand-so; he's still at it." The second time the robbers descended the area, burst open one of the kitchen windows, then prised a door from its hinges, and coming up stairs had nearly the whole house at their command, for the greater past of my family were out of town. They carried off enough to have filled a cab, of, plate, wearing apparel, gwus, clcks-in fact, the contents of an entire catalogue of a misceUaneons Covent-garden sale. For this, 'of course, a cab must have been necessary, as large bundles carried along the streets by blackguards, in the middle of the night, evoke suspicion; or, I should say, ought to do so. The detectives came; showed me how the affair had been managed-which I already knew; told me how successful they had been somewhere else in bagging the thief-which I did not know; came a-zcin to tell me nothing further had been found out, drank my health, and we parted. Two years are supposed to elapse between the second and third part. The windows, in the interim, have been guarded, the doors strengthened, and spring bells put to the sills and shutters. My plate has beeh replaced by German silver, which, kept clean, 'livides fish and raises fruit from the plate equally well; anything particularly valuable is atmy banker's, and the family mind is generally easier, more especially as my brother and myself both sleep with loaded revolvers at our beds' heads. Bat, for the last six or seven moiths I have noticed ruffianly fellows lurking about the street when I have come home from my club; and once, whirling round the corner in a Hansom, and pulling up sharp at mny door, I found a "' rough" examining the lkeyhole. I have mentioned this from time to time to the policemen on the beat-when I have met them-and they have promised, a closer attention. But stiMl the blackguards have haunted the neighbourhood. Last Sunday morning, at a quarter past 5 o'clock, with broad daylight over London and early excur. sionists on the move, I awoke suddenly, heating the alaram of the street4door go off and the door close directly after. wards. In half a minute my brother and I were down stairs. Entering my library I foLnd my carved oak writingdesk broken open by a chisel lying on the ground, with a greasy neckerchief for a handle. Two marqueterio cabinets had been splintered in iD an adjoining room, all the drawers pulled out, and their contents emptied on the floor; every possible object that had a trace of gold or silver about it carried away; the inside of my hat smouldering still, from having been used as a shade for a lighted taper; the teacaddy brought down from an upper room and emptied about the pasaag', a desk similarly treated, all coats and hats swept from their pegs in the hall, and lucifers lying about the ground in dozens everywhere. One of the servants soon came down, and I sent him to look after a policeman. He came haok presently with one of the B division, and shortly afterwards two more arrived -one of whom it appeared had heard the alarum, and sa-w two men going along the end of the street. As I have before told yoe, it was broad daylight. The thieves had been up into the drawingroom and entered an adjoining bedroom; bht here nothing had been broken open, possibly for fear of disturbing us. They had, however, carried away an old watch and some minor articles. The entrance had been effected in the old style, over the area railings on to the cistern, and so down. With a thin knife, afterwards found, they had jerked back the catch of the windof, and then forced open the shutters. The door between the kitchen and the stairs had been hacked to. splinters by a chisel, but, holding firm by the locks and bolts, had been crowbar'd from its hinges, two inch screws being drawn from the wood. This done, the entire house was at their command as beforo. These are, wvithout doubt, the ordinary details of every burglary; but when the same house is broken into over and over again, the ordinary approaches the mysterious. The actual loss was inconsiderable, and would now always be so in my case, for models, china, pictures, and "r curiosities" are of no use to burglars, and with these my rooms are, for the great part, filled. But this fright. fal insecurity and its possible consequences deserve serious thought. My father and mother-fortunately out of town -are of advanced age. There is no knowing what serious shock might supervene on their discovering robbers in the house, or even in their room, in the dead of night, while the recollection of the Frimley tragedy is sufficient to showwhat these miscreants will do, when driven or alarmed. The inspectors and detectives, as usual, came next day, and a similar interview took place-of course withoutresult. All I could glean was, that, what with the ticket-of-leave men and the disembodied militia, this was nothing to whatmight be expected as soon as the long nights began ! i11 you tell those blackguards, Sir, from me (they know pretty well by this time who it is that now addresses you), that tney may now ransack the house from top to bottom without getting as much swag as would pay for their "jemmy and glim ;" and that I am determined to shoot dead-at all hazards and without hesitation or chaUlenge-any personiwhom I may find in my house for the purpose of plundering it fromthis time forth? And will you, now that the recess allows more room in yoar all-ruling columns for domestic matters, ventilate the question of our present evidently defective street police organization-which, tracklng an applestall from kerb to kerb, allows Foschini to escape-that we Londoners may again look forward to a little night-security ? More than once, when you have kindly permitted my letters to appear in your paper, they have served as a nucleus for many interesting communications; and morc than once these exposes have Laid open the intentions and thwarted the plans Of TE LONDON SCOUNDREL. A-i. 20.
Tim SuspEonD -1vusDmst AT HAMsrroN Cour.T. Since the coroner's inquest relative f,o the death of Leiwis Solomons, who was found in the Thames, at Hampton Court, witha several severe stabs in his -body, the police have b6en prosecuting an active -investigation into the matter, but nothing ILas been elicited c.-lculated to dispel, the myatery in which the affair is enveloped. No trice, of the arrival of the deceased in HaninpUn. Court on tho dlay. -when he was nissed has been discovered. The suigeonwh maetepost mortem examination states, that though there are sever-al stabs in. dece-ased's side, the Guernsey:shirt. which completely covered the upper past of his body has not 'oeeu perforated. gageent nd dschage, heirtonae and horse power,
7- - . - .SUTlMAri AS&ZrES. RORTHUN Cmflfl'Tr ITVERPOOL. Aiangrn 2rL. *RO *Ciow COt.-(Before M2. Ju.itie W ts.) j | : AT;3MPT. TO POISON A RUSBASND. . Jan Newton, aged 30, weaveer, wasyOtettry irAedfor having at Aahton-utder-Lyne, on the oth of 3y last, felonionsly. administered to oeary lewton, her hau6ind, .half-an-ounce of white ae-nit, vith intent to murderhim.- Mr. Serzeant Willdnl, Mr. Wheeler, and Mx.-Higgm appeared for the prosecution, and llr. Sowler defended the -prsoner, who, being verJ near her confiem ent,-was accommodated -with a . -. M. S&east Wmtes,in pening the case, sai-h woinanin the dock-is barged with one ofthe mostheinoti cries thaan pesoncase ccued f;The.indi&tment. charges her with having attempted to murder her own ti bandby admiiistering to him' arseni. AndI mention this genitleen, iii order that you may give toit yourlmb,tserboi and earnest attention,' becanso the intercsts of society, - of -whic-h the prisoner is a meniber, 'requires that justile should be done in this and i-al. such ceasesg. Gentle men, the prisoner now in the dock is' the 'ivife'6f enry lNewton, to wvhom she has been married about eight years, and she has borne him four children, tvo of wh6m are dead. Sho has two living, the eldest beDng six years of age, and tho'othdrvery youn indeed. She herself-is about 30 yeas od, nd en wiu betol, uon evidence which unme 'b diputd, thatupo th monin ofSunday, she 4thof May, lie arose in perfect health, that his wife had. purchased or procuree a quantity of stew before he fore hiwsbeafaist; aIntd -will- bteshown to yPoul that befor he came downstairs the prisoner put a p9rtion of that stew into three pots-two for her children, and one for her husband, the reiuainder being still left in the jug in which it was purchased, and fron which she ate her pardtion. You wi%linohtiteoo, that befo rethe husband came -down she was stirring his portion 'wit a tablespoon. She did not stir any of the others. After she had done this she calledhim dlown tollis break-fast. He came down, pairtook- of the st-ow, end very soon afterwards felt sick. He cc,mplained tohiswse, and said, "I cannot, atauymore; Isbaildivide mine between the children, forlmust go out." He divided the portion still remaining between the boy anid girl, and then went oetinto the back yard, where he began to vomit very violently. As soonas hebhadgone outintothe yardthe pcisonar took that stew which, he had divided between his children from them, saying,1 "it -hasdone himno good, and it will do them no good," or some such expression, and threw it into the ash-heap. She then washed out the three pots that had been nsed by her husband -and the children, but the quarb jug, from which she had eaten her stew, remained where it was, uawashed. In the back yard tIhe prosecutor went into a corner. close-to a place where fowls were kept, and he vomited a great deal. There were some hens about the place, and in the course of that daythe fowls became very il. The priP6ner'ivai th6 first to discover this, and to mention it to her husband, and she assumed at once that these fowls would die. They did die, and they ware afterwards dissected, and the contents of their entrails analyzed, when a considerable portion of arsenic was found in them. After the childresn ad taken their portion Of the stew, one of thidnriwas tal-en ill. and began to vomit, andremnained Ml for some short timne after only, for there is reason to believe that, in the course of vomitings the child threw up the entire contents of the stomach, and thereupon becare restored. The husband continued in this state, violently retehing and ..vomiting, uti Wednesday night. In the meantime he had been attended by, two medical menon-e named Kiteon, and the oter named Hunt. 'Until Tuesday the omiting continued excessive, and then a rumourxgot abroad which reached-theoears of 'the proecutor's brother And sster; and on the Tuesday his brother Charles and hs sister Sarah came and visited him, As sloen as his brother came in he accused theprisoner of having attempted to poison her husband. She denied it; tnt then stated, for the first time, that on the previous Frday she whad purchased from a druggist in the town a quarter of a pound of arsenic, as she said, for the purpose of' cleansing andI purifying the bed and flocks which were in the house, and, si she stated, full of fleas. I shall ahove that that was a falsehood; that it was not true that they were so infested with fleas as described; that she did not spurchase it for any such purpose, and that she never nbode an attempt to purify the flocks-in fahe that she told a lie. l en the husbandl heardl this for the fir-st time he was startled, and the brother said to her- ohu bad better be off,forif thou art not thoe whit be in custody of the police in a very short time." She puLt on bht shawl, and at once left the house. On the after, noon of the Tuesday the sister of the prosecutor commenced to collect the vomnits, which office previously to that time bad been fulfilled by the prisoner herself. Those were collected until the Wedlnesday night, andl were placed 'by her in a place of security; and on the following Monda she handed them to the police, who gave them to asklu cbysnist, who analysed them and found in them a consi. derable portion of arnic-quite enough to account fox all t'hathbed transpired. I think you will have no doutbt what-ever that the prisoner ha purchased arsenic; and unless it is explainedl to you more satisfactorily thian she has hitherto attempted for what puose she purchased it, I thinkli you wil beef opiniofi thate l the circumstance nt in one direction only, andl in one, I fear, which wil be fatal to her. Nlow, on behalf of the prosecution, it behoves me to state to you the inctznsistenciesthe falsehoods told by the prisonen. She caled on the Friday evening on a woman namaed Grimes, a neighbou to whom she salid -that she was fatigued, hays, been all the day engaged in purifying the flocks. k\ow, she had dLone no such thing on that day. She also stated that she wanted thoroughly to get ridi of the fleas, for, as she said, ber husband could not sleep at night for them, and that he had had to take off his flannel jack-et because the fle-as got intoit. She also saidthat the children were so bitten by them that she was nahamed to see them go out in the morning, and she was determined to get rid of them. They went together t~oadruggist's shop,-and Imust here remark that to any reasonable being this circumstance miust appear most extraordinary-and there they obtained fromthedrcggistsboya natrfapoundofarsenic. Gentlesmen, I must say that I t'in srucih conduact on the part of the druggist was highly reprehensible; and I think- you wil agree with me that it ia high time our Legislature interposed between druggists and the public, and prevenxted them selling such deadfly poisons as these to anyboy, who cheeses to come and ask, for them. The prisoner asked for mercury for the purpose of killing fleas, and the druggist give hera quarter of n-pound of arsenic! She never told her husband, and he had not the slightest notion that she had purchased it. The first timehe heard of itwas whenhisbrotheraccms-d her ofadministering some poison to him. -Where-she gotthie stew is,lIbelieve, very questionable. She has uttered various falsehoodsabontit. On the Sunday3morning she said she had purchased it at Mariand's and that she had a greatinind to go bask to them and inquire what it was mnade:-of. She sfterwards said she had purchased it at Gregory's, and she was quito. certain that there was poison in it.- On another occasion she' said - she had bought, it at Collins's and that she had- been there to inquire -what it was 'made ef Nra; hiariand says she wvon't positively swear that the -prisoner did not come there to buy stew, -but she will swear that 'in it there was not anything noxious; she and- her. family, - as well as others, had partalken of it without experiencing from. it any evil effects whatever. 'Collins wil swear that they had not sold her any stew, and another shopkeeper will tell you that they never sold her any; in fact they could not have done so, for-they had not any made. To Mir. Hunt, the surgeon,' she stated that her husband had only eaten a portion of the stew; that he had divided the semainder -with the children, and that she hadl eaten somne of it herself; whereas, in point Of fact, she had thrown it out. To. Mr. Sketson, another surgeon, shd saited that both she andl her 'husband and the tiWo chil- dren had partaken of the stew. That is true. The, children did partake of it, biit 'until thej, had eaten, a email portion of that left by their father neither of thema sustainied the slightest injury. Now, One asks this question, ".For what,purpose does she perchase the arsenic?' Shesasid she had-purchasedi it for the purpo'se of purifying her bed. I shall prove to you that t-hat is fase She not only statedl that, but she most distinctly.stated that she had thoroughy washed the b-ed with a solution of the arsnic for the. purpose of cleansing it. I shall preove, that sheo never touched it; and since she has been in custody, in order that certainty might be arrivedI at as to that' qestion, the same chymist who analysed the fowls and the vomits has tri ed every test to find arenic in t'he bed and in the flocks, but he has not been able to find the sbadow of atraceof it.- ' What motive had she ? it wil be asked. It is a difficult questio.n to answer, for wthat is motive to one is none to othes 3ut we shall find that she hadl hen disposing of his property, his clothing, and therartiles andhad ade urcases widthout his* knowedge andthatat is dath he wuldreceive Sf. for lilaburil frm aForeters Clu. Imention thes:e facts, not resuing o as whtherthes motvesare sufficient or not, ut tat yu ma dra fro theyour own inference, andwhaeve yor erdct ay e Iamsure it wil satisy HenryNewton, called and examined, said,-Ilive inCockSPu-street, Ashton-mnaer.Iine, and 'am a blacksmith. I remember Sunday moriilng, the 4th of May, and when I got uthtmornin 'was Perfectly well. . Between S and 9 tha monin. IiLmy brea3fast, which was iu a tI n, and consisted of steIw, and the prisonerge me. My ntw chil dehasoestew-one of thlem bad it in a Saucer, anid theotherout of osmaailgiuPO TherlsonerotokAometdo, out of a pint aug. I ateaitdownstauru. I was not in-the house when the stew was broTht in. The prisoner called mnedown to brea'kfast. After Ihaidbeen eatigfvmnue I felt a huring pain about my stomaoh and throat. -I told my wife, hut She made no answer. What I hid left I then divided between my two childreni. I gave t-o each half a teaeuful. They eat some of it, and I went out inotebcyard and began to -vomit close to the henc6op. W'hile I was vomiting the prisoner said she had bought the stew at Marland's, but she did not, know *hat it was made of, and she had sa good mind to go ai'd see. I was vomitlng violently about five minute and then wen' into the house and lay down on thebed forabout half an hour, wheIL again vomited'liolently. When Ihad teen downstairs about an hour the prisoner asked -e if she might go for a doctor for me, anidIdtod Sher yedthe went to Dr. Mealin, but returnmed writhout him, and then She went out, saying. she would fetch Dr.- Hormer. Szhe returned, and sad h e Was- snot LMi She then s,ed -me if be should go for Dr. Glover, and I sd, '~es. She, however, returned: without him, and saud he was not in. A fourth-time she went ott for aiother nedicai man, but rentlu d with the sme excuse as before. She then went for Dr. Kitson, who camIe shortl after the had returned. I described to him how I felt, and while he-was there-I.- vomited. ~He sent me some modi- cine.r Between 5 and 6 O'clock on the Monday morn-' mg te pisonr bei2ht m upsomPorridge, and I eat two r tb~e Soonsul f it I aon flt aburing at he toachagan,andI vmied hroghut tha altgehe ot heevnig fWednesady. On the forenco.^ of ltonday the prisorer told me that ''the,chickens in the yalrlwere all ilL At dinner time on trat day my aunt came, :and theL-prisoner came, from: the kitchen to where 'we -ere, and said, "Ha=yj -dost thou think Pve Been ving tlxee some.idng thatf I fiould'nt, do?" On the foiowig 'mornigm y rte hre:cA^ and; said to the Irisoner, . yoELe . iven cur caenry tnd dose.' She cried,'. and- aid she haa atv, 1mixL Heny i afterwards she. suid she hd o.ghta.ur of a'pound of arsenic; at Waterhousc's to, ksill.bugs- with, aad mny brother told her to go out' of tbe -house- or h" - would b lettirg locked up. . Sh took her shawl and went out. hatd ever knody- tot her buying-nrsenia-before she told tilt do-Y.- ,,ne ha not- cleaned the -Rocks. We have never bee: tro-nbled with fleas so that ^we could not siee. -Ei-ht or nine:months befoer she: said to me, "' can' g et w carmsewithout a witness." Some- time before this I had. misied: my- clothing, and the prisoner told me she had pawned it to geta sovereign to buy, me a watch. While I was il I missed my working clothes, And they could-not be found; The prisoner removed -mny vomits until Tuesday, when mny sister took them away. I am iLn a-Foresters club, and when a member dies thevWife gets SI. I never had to get up at night to :take off myluLnmeljacket because of the us.as.. Crass-examined by Mr. Sow}EP-I have been married to the prisoner neight ears, aiid have had four children, twvo of whom are dead. -We bave always lived -comfortably together. She -worked; and helped, to maintain the .amily to some extent. We have been a little troubled with fleas. OE-the Saturdav nightIhLd had.& pint of ale to drink at a beer-house. -That was all I had had -ihat day. I never get drunk. -The p-ots werekeptin a cupboard inor sitting-rom. y little boy vomnited after eating of the stew. I don't remember hearing the prisoner say, when my brother challenged her with " dosing"me "Why, what would beroine of me, when I am now in the family way, and the two children, if anything happened to you ' I remember taldng offmiy flanmnl shirt to be washed, jr't before I got intobed. About eight or nine months before this affair tho prisoner told me she wanted some mercury to sprinkileamong the flocks,but that ehe would not get it without a witness.- Itold her to get one. iRe-examined by lMlr. Senjeant Wr-S.-She never mlentioned the iercurysgain to me. WhenItook off my flannel shirt-Inever mentioned a word about.fleas. -My children were never sore thrcogh beig bit by them. Thomas tinley examined.-The prisoner wi my aunt. On the uorning of Sudiy, the 4th of .ay Last, I was atHenrv Newrton's bhoa. andl wbil, I wras there the prisouer brought some stew in, in a quar t jug, which she plaed on the table. Iwent-upetairs and remained five minutes, and then camne down, when I saw--her reach three pots outi of the cupboard. She the- measured outlthe stew into them, and afterwards stirred Henry's mess np vith a spoon, but she did not stir up the others. She then shouted to Henry to come dow-to breakfast, and. he did come-down, and partook of the stew. He had eaten about a gi of it, when he said the stew - made him' feel very queer-that it came up again. The remaining portion of the stew he divided between the children, and then he went into the back yard, where I heard him vomiting. The prisoner imm3ediately. took - the stew which he had given the children and threw it, into the ash-place underthe grate, saying-"It has made one poorly, I must not have you all three down." The children had eaten a teaspoonful or two of the stew when the prisoner took it from them. The prisoner eat some of the stew outt of the quart jug in -which she had brought it into the house. The little girl went into the back kitchen and vomited. When the prisoner came into the house vith the stew I asked her where she had been, and she said, "To Marland's, for twopennyworth of stew." After Newton had been in bed a short time, the prisoner said she would go to Marlaud's and see what the stew had been made of. She didnotgowhileIvwasinrthe house. There was noonein the houso at the time she put the ste-w into the pots out herself, her husband, the twr children, andmyself. Whenthe stew had been emptied out of the three pots into the ashheap the prisoner took the pots into the back kitchen and washed them out, but she did not cleanse the quart jug- in which the stew had been purchaLsed.D Sarah Newton said,-]? am sister of Henry lNewton. I went to see him on the Gth of May, and collected his vomits from the Tuesda; until he ceased to be sick I did this in consequence of nstructions from the inspector of police, and I delivered the vomits to him on the Monday after. Charles Newton, shoemaker, Warrington-street, -slhton, and brother of the prosecstor, said,-In consequence of whal I had heard on Monday, the 5th of May, I went on thai morning to see my brother. The prisoner was present- She said the stew that Henry hadlefthe gave tothechildren, bul she had takent it from them and eaten it herseLf. I aid! "Stewwould never derange hisstomschinthisvway." Sh; scid, "Eh, Charles, you don't know him; you shop is killin, him. Many a timehe comeshome and can'tstretch his bick.' Isaidthe stew had m'ad him oorly, and she said, "I wonder 'what the - is in it." Ithen left, and the pri soner shortly afterwards came to my house. She said " Charles, mnst I go for medicine 5" I said, "No, I -ivt look after that myself." She then-left the house, and at o'clock in the afternoon I went to my brother's a-ain taking with me his medicine, which I administered tt him. On the following day (Tuesday) I went there again and old the prisoner, "Jane, you've poisoned your hs band." She said, "I havvenot." lreplied, "You have dosed him," and she said agmn, "I have not- I did buy some mercury at a shop in George-street-at Waterhos," I asked her who went wdth her, and she said "Saral Grimes." I then in ired what she had done with it, and she said, "We it in apan,and then put it among the flocks." I said, "Be off ont of this house, or rll have you locked up." She put on her shawl and went out. I remained with my brother that night, and next day he was better. Cross-examined.-The crisoner told me she had eater some of the stew herself. - I don't remember whether she said she had bought " some" or " aequarter of a pound ofr mercury. Mr. Serjeant WILns recallea Henry Newton, whc said,-I had never complained of my work- hurting mn back, except in "sharpening" time, which is in tht wtaiter. lihzabeth Marsden said,-I went to the prisoner's house on the 4th of Mav, and she told me Henry was ver] poorly; that she had given him some stew which she had bought, and that she and the children had eaten some oi it, but that it had not done them any harm. On Tuesday I went again to the house, and saEw Sarah Grimes there. She saidtothe prisoner, "Youtold me,-whenyou wentforthe arsenic, that you wanted it to Idll fleas with ;" and the prisoner said, "What do you think, they say rve been giving Henry some to aet shut of him." I said "No, you would not do suchathiS4." Shereplied, "Well, Godforbidl So long as my conscience is clear I don't care." Cross-examined by lMr. SOWLM-I have not been examined before the magistrates Elisabeth Shaw, the wife of Joseph Shaw, of Ashton, said,-On the 4th ofiMayI saw the prisoner pass my door. She said, "I am in a mess this morning; I have three of them in bed poorly. We have had threepence worth of stew from Gregory's, and I am sure it has poisoninit." The same day I saw her again sed asked her how Henry was, to whichshereplied, "He is verypoorly;I amsurehe will neverget better." Sarah Burns said,-On the 4th of IMay the prisoner came to my house, and said, " I fetched twopence worth of stew from Collins's last night after you- saw me, and they have never been well since; and I have been to CoMins's to see what it was made of." On Monday I saw her again, and, in answer to a question from me, she said, "I don't think; he will ever get-better." Sarah Grimes, exanined b Mr. WHEELER.-I live in Factory-yard, Ashton-under-Zine. On Friday, the 2d of May, prisoner came to my house about 3 o'clock: in the afternoon, and said she had been busy aimong the flocks all lday, destroying fleas. She said she had been thinling about some arsenic, and asked me if Iwould go with her to buy some. I saidl should, and she went away. In the evening she sent a little girl to me. eI w , and accompanied her to Waterhouse's druggist's shop. When the assistant came in sheasleedifhesoldmercury, andhe said "Yes,"andsheasked fora quarter of apound. Hebegantoweighit, and a kedwhat it was - for;* and-she said "To kill fleas." Mr. aterhouse came in, and asked the boy -what he was 'veighing, and he said, mercury, and Mlr. Waterhouse saidto prisoner, "Areyou aware what this is for?' and shesaid, "YesI want it to mix among the flocks." He said, "You must .be careful; it is very severe- stuff." and she said, "There is a person here has used it." We left the shop together. She said when she got home she -would show it to Henry, for he would be very glad'to get rid of the fleas. I promised to lendher a pan to boil it in; and she said she would come for it nekt morriing; but she never did. She came to my house-on the Sunday morni n, and said Henry was very ill with bile in the stomach. I aaw her again onthe Tuesday, and asked- her how Henry was, and she said he had had abetter night.- She then said there were two chickens and a*elii of hers dead. 3y M1r. SOWIRn.-I said-to-her it her owa house, "Trhou know'st time when thou came for me. to go with thee to buy mtrcury, thou said'st it was for the flocks." She replied, " Yes, arry is there, and he knows it." He made no reply.- Peter. Reddin examined.-I ara an assistant to MrL-. Waterhouse, chymist and druggist, Ashten-under-Line. I don't k know either, the prisoner or the lastwitness. I know Joseph Shaw., and remember him being in the shop when three females also came in for mercury tokll vermin. -I supplied them with arsenic-m6rcury and arsenic are the same hing. Mr. Waterhousc was there, and he received the menev- - By Mr. SOWLER.-I rdon'tkinow who it was came for arsenio, By the JuDGn.-A teagsoonful of arsenic would lill a person. I am 17yers of -age. It was 'hen proved that the prisoner had not purchased any stew either atMArland's, at Gregorfs, or at Collinses. Marland had some stew of which the family partook, and it madenoneof themill. It ws alsopjoved tt three hens in an adjoining yard, belonging to a man named Eilson, had died, and hadheen g vento the constable. Evidenee was also given that theprisonerhad pawned her husband's clothers oi the 5th May, aud the secretary of the Forrester's Club proved that. on fewton's death is iWfe woulclbeentitled to 87. from the club. Mr. James Kitaon, surgeon, ton, said,-On the afternoo ofSnnay,the-4t of.]ly, wscxlled on to Tist enry lEtewton. I foundhim omit,ing. .He complained of aieknesea ~Tho fluid he- had rroniited ws yelfowssh I asked what he had.been kini, and his 'wife eplied "Soniestewr." lashadherif.shehad pirtaken of it, an she, said '"ves; hut thatithad not made her.*c}B" Eext day I viitei him again, and he complained tf-a paiis across the stomach. I preecribd. a blue pill cnoxmoile pill, and gruel, for him n .r. Hulnt, surgeon, Ashton, said.-l 4 as csled on to attend the prosecutor on the 5th of May. I found him comp6ling of pain in the cheat, throt, and stomach. His tongue ws dry vad brown, puflste quick, sh'n very iht. -l told me he had eaten some tcr ir tho mornig, that it- was ve fat for him; .nd thatdirectly after eatingait -)he felt zicik. On aing the ;riaoner wha hdoul e hubanzd's illness, she said -"{the gte n. . 1k. Stone, analytical hysnisis and Professor of Cbimintr st the Ahtcn School of Antomy, said,-I e mined he vomitbandedtomehbythepolice, and foundoth oit nined two grains of anenic. I exanined thecropf thebenand ckiWr9i, . ldmd armem6a tbhren i mzfiient i j o. 'eh. Three or four gramswould-cane etj' w e-Poison r 30 eople,.: -* Ilia LORDSHIP (to the jury.)-You - : the Aroggist's boy *ad a.&d re m~imer MaR ad,ult,, ,,.................e................. TILve wrAtnei l"sei eXina~i omtmUe4L-i eeydsm locks1 whach I teete[t, but . =- do,t findt anyn. ici them. Cromssaned by Mr. SoWL -lenic- is -]e'AL anufecttur of gl&-s-p1ab gl I believe;, ibt,t boteglaw. I o0a1 41JZO5 pert: of the f to me in bottles. I should beh tht arsenic not be found in newly-de gliss bott-es- znij' arsuid might remain on a imperfectly.blown bottle, sup. posing that arsenic were ued in its manufacture. - -: Betty Andrewa, antof the nroeecutor,said she.entom tie 5th of May to his house, asa charged tho prisoner.witd giving her husbs2nd poisori, Shs assled HenDry if sEe hi4! given him sntbing. and he said,: "I don't knowr." She replied, "Ibave not. .Wlut should .L do if aiything hap. pened you, seeing that I have these twro ehildren, and imikMmi lsniay againF <' - - -This closed the case for the prosecation Mfr. SOW}EB, on behalf. of the prisoner, add.rcs;e tho& jury atcbnsiderablelengtln -With regardts thc'mannerbot conducting the pr.secation,- he regretted that one of the, - children had not been celled as a witness. e Hi-axgue against the re ne3s of. supposing that a; woman inm the circumstances of the prisoner wonld poison hir.hasbaJ4 for the sake of a burial allowance of Sl.- Hiving &xhaustkI the pecuniary view as to object, he asked; wzas thereany evidence showing lewdness,- inconstancy,- or, Any4 thing of that ldnd, on the part of theporisner9 Tere. was not. Tne husbind 'hirbmelf idmnitted that he had pre- iously lived on pceable terms with his wfi6._ _sAT far as motives were -concernled, in reality they cothd h6t; possibly find one. He next commented, in severe ternm'-ors the evidence of the draggist's assistant from AshtAomder. Lyne.. The prisoner had herself told her hnsband .tha.t she was about to get some mercury for the purpose-oE killing fileas, therefore it was not true that the-hislii was -ignorant of his wife pucasihadng poison. In Jastid, tofthe husband, it was not he wio fist suspcted herit was the busy tongue of gossip. The prisoner was undrthe idea that- she bought mercury-shne did not asic for arsenic-to kill Reas., She supposed. -it 'was - mercuiy ch sho had bought. She made no concealmenti'hiteoreir ofher purchaseoanu her objects. Whein fer husband wiz. taken all she did not exhibit any want of feeling; on tha contrary, she did all she could for him in his.saffering, Assuwng, forthe moment, that her husband dii take some. arsenic inr the stew-a& upPosition which had by no meang been proved by the anaytical evidence--was it aiii. teredI y design or taken by aceident? Hs. assumed thafb the probability was, after sh6 boiled the H9 mie, she,punrel it tt snabasa for use upstairs, to sprinkle the flocksi witb. She might, acciden tay, have left come in this bLsin,-aud if; being white she used the basin afterwards unrthinki'ngly for the stew. She was an ignorant womau, and was usn-g xhhashe thoug'ht was mercury, and she was not aware th it mer. cuy waspoison. Thelearnedcounsel concleded, byLslongi dwelling on the absenca of all motive for fie conmm'tt3loe so heinons a crisru as that which-was alleged on the part o- the prosecution. Ilis LoRDSEaI prefaced his summing up by saying that the questions for the- jury to determine woild be these -- Was there irissn in the stew which the prosecutor ate on the morning of the 4th ofl-,ay? Was that Posmon pub there by his wife intentionally and designedly, or wis- itput there through ignorance'! If she intantinally a'd designedly put poison in the stew there coald- T;o no( question that the offence was comunitted for which shewas charged. If they were not satisaed of this fron the> evidence, then theyv ought to say that the prisoner wias- not~ Ity. But, if each of the steps in the proof was eEt b. edlaythe evidence, then they oughtta sa,yshe.wazgollt~His lordship next directed the attention of the inary to thle position in which the two parties stood at the time of this occurrence, and then proceeded to review the evidence at, length.. iejury retiredat 20mitintesto6, and at fiveminutes. to 6 o'clock- returned into court with a verdiet -of Mtl HIis LORDr ordered tno prisoner to be at once dis. charged, and She left the dock, -iter having thanked his lordship anas thejry The Foreman of the jury then said :-We wis- ti exprems to your lordshi2 our sense of. the very reprehensible practice which exists of selling poisons indiscrnmlnately. His LoRDS said,-Gentlemen, you can't feelniorostronglythanI do, to use yourownlanguage, the veryreprehensible practice which exists of selling poisons, as has bee, provedin this case. It is reaUy a practice which one would ave expected to find in this country the Lost of any is. the world; and that, in as country where-humain life, is most valuable and the most protected, we should -have these poison shops selling these deadlj'oisbiins,- arsenio foinstoafee, under a slang name, is trly monstrous - I am very much obliged to you for mentioning this matter, and I can only express the hopo that those who have -the powetof altering the law will attend to your remarks.
4UkTBJAN 2?TE I3rBUTIOY-- -~ - TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TUIES. Sir,-As an ilustra.ion of your y,esterday's article on thed murder of Ciceruan cho pad his companione , denounced in, General Garibaldi's letter, I beg to state the followingFfact~, -which I have mnyself witnessed i-At the attack of, thel tCas. trette, hnear Treviso, two Austrau co werrporalst we hadoe prisoners_ by some -volunteers (crociaty )eldeging to the corpsnnner General Ferrari's command. They wereo thofC murdrerso an oldl priest SO years of age, thie curti of -thbnvfilage, and, ofcourse, having beenfal-en, thesoldier -would, have them shot. Gigi, tha eldest son of Cicers acchio, was; there, and, as he exercisel great influence among his con. xades, succeeded in sa6ving ethetwocorporals, who fuly. admitted having murdered the old priest, "a friendl ofi Bio Nono," as they said, bec-ause they were ordered td do so~ by their captan, " G-tf Somebody." Nlo one out of 5,000 or 7,000 Austrian prisoners miadeduring the Italian war was shot. The noole son bf.Cicemuacdhuo saved from a just- death the authors of a horribhlu and useless crime. A year afterwards an officer of thoImperald Family of Hapsburg shot him, his father, andy. brother, coolly, without any reason or right w-hat-ever. I remain, Sir. Tvour obedfient servant. U-N CgOCIATO DI COIMNUDA.
TU HAxEsT.-AIthough the weather has been. variable throughout the united kingdom, it has not been, on the vwhole, unfavonrable for tie progress of reaping.t which, owing to the recent hot forcing weather, has comer po0n us suddenly, and more uniformly thaa usuaL It aupears that on. of returns of the rheat crop from 297 districts, scatterad over the aurited ingdom. 196 reports of the barley crop, 200 of the oat crop, 137 and 112 respectivelyo£ the beans and peas, and 209 reports of the green crops, the' followi 7gcst>imates havebeen formed:-" W9heat,-78 reportan average, 114 above au average, and 15 belowv-an average, Bariey,6S an average, 98 above an average and 20 below an average. Oats,-7S an average, 96 above an sverag, and 26 below an average. It must be explaineo that an7 "averageo' crop, in 1856, is considerably nore than was meant by " an average crop" in 1849; and we must,-therefore, look upon the above return as particularl fuvourable The beans and peas crops are also rell spo7en of, but turnips, mangold-wuze, kc., are reported as dcficient; not so, however, grass, hay, and potatoes, which are stated to be abundant, especialy the tv;> former; with regard to the last, the dsease seems to progr=e steadily, and altogether we think there cannot benearlyfso large a yield of potatoes as in 1855." We are inclined to douLbt the accuracy of the above retulrns, which we take from the Atgriczzl.jt2t7 G=1c, as regards oats, ourinfor3nation leading us to the con-Ausion that, although they3nay rove nearly. if not fully an average, they wll vieRf. consiNerably less than .the crop of the provious year. The lo, range of temperature now existing is calculated to bhof service in increasing the vweight of the grain ere it comes to maturity, as the late beat was of too forcing a character, The Government agricultural returns for L-eland for this, year have not yet been published, but -we are enabled tDreport that, comparing this season with the last, there is a- decrease of some amount in the acreage under oats and barley, but a further increaseoin the growth of wheat, of up. wards of S3,000 acres. The increae in green crops amountsto no less than nZi,O0D acres, of wich potatoes form tha' largest item; and we are especially glad to lind that theincrease in the growth of Ram amounts to abst 9,000 acres;the whole extent- under the tiflage of all crops thisyear showing an emcees of 65,000 acres over the previous season. We must not omit to state, that the flam crop continues topromise a full supply of good quality.-Bc7fast Atcreatil* Towv2zIa. I .T.Isr VOUt-N xUou=r.-At the last sitting of the, Ely County Court (on Tuesday, the 19th inst.), before. Mfr. Edward Cooke, judge, aLn action was brou~ght by Maruy Chab,mam aganmst a W isbeHyol,i rcvrtL ;ro the plaintiff on the 2bth ot V;y last under the fbllowing cirstances :-WdThe plaintiff, who was present during the- Trial is a-remarkablyfine ir,16 years of a~ge, and at the,, time of this mnelancholy occurrence was a sarrant residiginElY, anad was witie_ssiog the Peace rejoicings, 1which. tokpace on the 29th of Mzas. The defendant, who is doe. sredas & faneIr'Rtanisti,i~ is also 16 years of age, anff the son of a maerchant residing in Ely.r -Upon the ocain referrodto the defendant had a gun, which be was constantly firing off-among the peopile cg~ e about the boixfire in the Market-place. The pUlantif renronstr7&ted with him, Im-yj erearson was immeditely sEht for,pIhd it $os asoertained by thet gentleman thAt both eyfs and the`bnri'dg Lf thene were conpletely dearoyed "A quantity of ig, fond firmly inbedded in the orbit, was extrdicted by Dr. I e4ason and produoed in. cou-t. Var someFtihie ITO: *as depared of, and the poor girl had to -enae an iu.- miense amount 'of tortur. At lemgth Di. be"r.o wat enabledl to pronounoe his patient out -Of danger. Anl wan dark however-the precious *mse of ~sightWu gc,o Ie' ever lIow WllS JP- IN E\L A evhrd Mfr.Cr the aiitis solcitor, produoed the Rn of a letter hiohlehad rittn to defendantsfather,Fa his attentionL to the case, sand requesting that he.'wculdZtaker some interest in it. That letter, howieve, rtmainetd 3m.- anmyred. The action wasundefended. and the judg,aftrmaking a few feeling remarks npuP- the'Ts. Msliw6e alaxiimtywhioch the -poor girl'Iasa sltainsd;rgave a verdict for the, amount claLimed. The court was Mcrowde. during thme trial, and the deathhlk silence which Ueva ileodrshowe ther Ely Uare cesmenacedl a muotip6ou, for the bonsgiVo th unforunatgirl &L HowW.W= JTU"L, ire AAmXC.--A Fren&1MAM -wil tell yea tha't teprit oourt k teaA2ie In, 11iaiee- and. judging from the speeimeng that-we occasionally wse in the' - TAmhyiIlep we should may tha a great deal of tho esprit ran in the gutterm-P*xnLA
