CBYSTAL PA1AOE.-O.E SHIILnG DAY,- Friday, August 15.-Admissions on payment, 4,191; ditto, by eason tickets, 390; total visitos, 4,58L [Advortisement.,-Tonrists, Continental orElnglis!s v:il Dnd guide books, maps, porthabe wricinteand pssportcae-,rith every requisite article of statlos , fre travelling pusposee. at Emffingr bLarn Wilon'sY, XOe. 11, Royal-E:srange (sontises corner), ComisilI or tham also ma n be had Mne. Ie Page' Fdrench rtmpter, vwhich i a sort oS Eoval road to conversation mere especrally sochas 'travellers On the continent san3d in neeclot. 'It vill enable .themL at - one to translatethe ideasthey have clothed in English-words Into eqoiraleot French phrass tven those Who posess a good knowledgeof the Frnch language will lind this llttle pocket volume oS exrtieme nse to them. (Admreisement,-."Easten Hospitals and English I! Ce sthe rrattlveof TwelToeMonthaS Eperinace in the HWoltals of Konlall an Sentl,ari"By a ILdy Volunteer. A second edition of thi wck n vls. wth llstatins ipublihed this dae' by Messrs. lloret and B1ackett, and easy be bad of allbookeenr 'The atory of the noble deed dene by l.'aKightingale andkher devoted sisterhood vwill never be aeffectlively tolhd thnin the. bleantif doiavais on.ur isuanty "-"E xamDiner." "Thisnarrastive presents the srstdetailed nbda anthentir report of the,proeeedlng of the Engih- nurses in the Ec"-'Linterasyoaastte.' "These volumes will be eagerly rend" -"Mesfesenger." 4' deeply interesting workc."-"Uoltcd Servcee
IN- v WW A.*:. I I Imagmary travels have not been rae of late; but whether these ire imagnary or not, in whiole or in part, they are unusually amnusing. On their'first appearanea they were published as the production of- ake' Samuel A.-lBat& but they are not the aechtowledged work 6f Mr. SQuiers;-who as'the I;nited States Charg6 d'Affaires for licaragua obtained some rough ma terials for improvement by- his iardic inventio,n These materials he has ¢coru posed and' painted with the idll of an artist, in thich capacity he pleasantly professes to have obtained them. It is alleged that he accomplished this task in consequence of a bet, and that his appearance in arist's costume is due to one of those freaks which almost bespeak the artist in reality. But- there can be no doubt that he has succeeded in the- character he' represented, and that the pictures he has drawn are unusually effective. '. - We find our arsit, according to his ownaccount of himself, setting u~p lis easel at Kingston, and paintlngitascenery in ordler to raise the wind- for a trip -to the mainland. Jamaica 'was beautiful, but he longed for a combination of the beautiful and sublime-in short, for an equatorial Switzerland. His chief patron, however, took the cholera, and died while he was painting for him a view of an edifice in Spanish-town, and thus he came down to portraits, and for board and lodging;- and som6ething to boot, painted his lanudlady. lThe subject of ths experi-mont, fat and glistening, arms and bust included, is presented to the reader. In her.gratitutde she intraduced the painter to "a coloured gentleman," who thaded witlt-a littSle sehooter twiie a-year to the MIeosquito shore, and -with whom he accordingly struck a bargain to be transported for 31. to Bluefields, the seat of Mosquito Royalty . Captain Pontose thie coloured gentleman was ealled-his mate, one seaman. and an Indian boy ~rom Yucatwan whose lusiness it w;as to cook and do the pumping, constitufed the crewv of the Prinice Albert. Thu-vessel was of about t70 tons, built on the model of one of Rubous's Venuses, and of the same dimensions as the original Jung Fran cevery way, only 20t. less." She required. six hours' steady pumping out bf the 24, and Antonio, the Indian boy, pumped and cooked, and then cooked and pumped, incessantly. "I fear," says the author, " he never slept, for when there was not a sizzling in the little black caboose there was sure to be a screeching of the rickety pump." Thus Antonio had the fullfacilities of a "hand" who had offered to work his passage to the continent. Yet Antonio was a hero and master of the situation. In a sketch which is given of him he is also rep-esented as graceful as Annibale Caracei's Apollo. As the event proved, he is described to have been of considerable service to th.e artist. ",Captain Ponto was not a scientific sailor, and kept no other than what is called 'dead reckoning.' He had niade the voyage very often, and was confident of his course. Upon that pomt, therefore, I gave myself no uneasiness; not so much from faith in Captain Panto, as because there was nothing in the world to be done, except to follow his opinion. Nevertheles* the capain was serious, and consulted an antediluvian chart which he kept inhiE cabin. It was a Bembrsndtie h picture, that negro tracing his forefinger slowly over the chart, by the light of a candle, which only half revealed the little cabin, while it brought out his grizly head, and anious face in stron relief against the darkness. What Captain Ponto learned from lithis st:dy is more-than I can tell; hutwhen he came on deck he ordered a reef to he made in the sails, aad a variation of several points in our courso, for the wind not only freshened, but veered to the north-east. The hot blasts or puffs of air became more and, more frequent. aud~ occasional sheets of lightning.gleamed along the horizon, The soa, too, wFas f-ull of phosphorescent light; fiery monsters seemed to leap aronnd us and w,reathe and twine their livid volumes in ourwake. I could hear the hiss of their forked tongues where the waters closed under our stern. I stood, leaning over the bulwarks, gazing on the gleaming waves, and thinking of home-for the vovager on the great deep always thinks of home when darkness envelops him and the storm. threatens-when Antonio silently approached, so silentlythat I did not hear him and took his place at my side. I w;as somewhat startled, thiere£ore, when, changing my position a little, I saw, by the dim reflected light of the sea, his eyes fixed earnestly on mine. 'ASh, Antonio,' I said,- ' isthat you?' and I placed my hand familiarly on his shoulder. H e shrank beneath it, as if it had been fire. ' What's the matter?' I exclaimed, reproachfully, ' have I hurt you 1' *"Pardon me!' he ejaculated, rather than spoke, in a voice dee and tremulous; 'I know now that it is not you who wil die to-night !' " 'What do you mean ? You are not afaid, Antonio 9 Who thinks of dying ?' Ire pliedin alight tone. " ' No ! it is not myself. I wvasfraid it might be you; for, Sir,' and he laid a hand cold and clammy as that of a corpse on mine; 'for, Sir, there is death on board this vessel !' " This was said in a voice so awed and earnest that I was impressed deeply, in spite of myself, and for some moments made no reply. 'You talk wildly, Antonio,' I finaly said; 'wo arc going on bravely, and shall all be inBluefields together in a day or two.' "'All of us, never,' he replied, 'never! The Lord, who never lies, has told me so I and, pressing near me, he drew frombis bosom something resembling a small round plato of crystal, except that it seemed to be slightly luminous, and veined or clouded with green. 'See, see!' he exclaimed rapidly, and held the object close to my eyes. I instinctively obeyed, and gazed intently mpon it. As I gazed, the clouds ofgreen seemed to concentrate and assume a regular form, as the moisture of one's breath passes away from a mGirror, until I distinctly saw in the centre the mniniature of a human head, of composed and dignified aspect, but the eyes were closed, and all theEneamentshad the rigidity of death. "':Do you sceP "'Idol' "'It is Kucimen, the Lord who neverlies!P and Antonio thrust his talisman in his bosom again, and slowly moved away. There was no mistake in what I had seen, and although I am not superstitious, yet the feeling that some catastrophe was impending gathered atmy heart. It was in vain that I tried to smile at the Indian trick; the earnest voice of the Indian boy still sounded in my ears, I All of US, never!' PWhat reason should ho have for attempting to ractis his Indian diab7ers on any one, least of all on me? Irejetedtethought, and endeavoured to banish the subject from my mind." But theartistsoonbeheld an incantationof another kind, andwhichwas prnctisedbythecaptain. Looking through the hatchway he peraeives that individual bleeding himself in the arm and sacrificing to Obi,in token that the storm required Obi's intervention. Ob, however, was not inclined to be propitious; for, after a hurricane which onthe suave mar mag)w principle it is pleasant to read of, the Prince Albert is dashed by the breakers upon El Roncador, or " the Snorer," a desolate reef haunted by turtles; the ship becomes a complete wreck ; the captain and his mate are drowned; and the artist, bruised and insensible' is only recovered by the assiduities of Antonio. - For some week. they remain on. this reef or sandbank catching turtles and husbandingwaifs from the wreck. A great deal of information is thus obtained as to the varieties of turtle and the proper mode of treating them. " Shelling" must be an unpleasant oDeration to the turtle, as the Door patient has a fire lit upon his back to loosen his plates of shell, which are finally removed, in their laminie with a knif6; after which the turtle, if he survives the process, is restored to his native element to svim awiay, and get case-hardened for a second operation. After our friends had collected a qualntity of turtleshell their island was visited by a Spanish turtle schooner, which contained the regular fishermen. A 3udicious display of the artist's revolver was required. to come to an understanding with these latter, and eventually a bargain was struck by which the artist and his companions were carried to Santa Catarinia,whence he was taken, accompanied by Antonio, who refused to leave him, tohis original destination of R3luefields.. * From this point commence his wanderings in the Mosquito territory, of which he has appended a map quite archaic in its distinctness. Antonio, though of regal stock, and son of one of the last and: bravest of the chiefs of Yucatan, becomes his Man Friday, his "guide, philosopher, and. friend." In company of the latter he. visits the- King, whom he finds kept under by an intelligent missionary, who is disparaged as anti-American. With a passport eobtained, "the paper tha,, talks,' hermlsaong the beach, up the rivers, and across the-lagoons of the Mosquit'o slore. Ie isits all its -little settlements with their squalid popilation, and has an exciting contest and a narrow escape from one of them, while throughout his rambles Antonio is his guardian angeL. 3lany wonderful things befall him among wonder-- ful scenery, if we may trust his Mlustrations, before he bids farewell to the Mosquito shore. - His readers will credit as many of his stories as they can, but at all events they will read. an entertaining volume. 'Waik-na ; Av"cuires on the Mosquito S7.ore. By Samuel A. Bard. Harpe and Brothers, New Yorkr. Sampson Low, -Son, and C. London. APoTnEaMOARzs!-rALL.- The following are the names of the gentlemea who passed their examinution in the science and practioe of medicine, and received certifi- ca~tes to practise, an Thursday, Auag. 14-Stephen Hughes. Uleaes, Liverpool; Benjamin tocks Brown, West Braom- Winheser lre 'AgususTayor; Robert Debenham, chest Suffolk; Williamouth Frederick Lovel,Gla3tonbelry; Johnard ousis, Prtsmuth;FredrickTurtle, Hfan-
!rE F7lHTAGE INR SPAIN. - TO TIE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The alarming but contrdictoyrepoyts which daily reached England fxom the .vaious wine-producing countries of Europe, and especilily frotm Spain, during the months of May'ad June led us to belivothatthc b i-L'ul vineyards -of thoprovinceof Cadiz were blighted and Laid wvvste by - that awful said destructive scourge, the vi-le disease. Thesecommunicationsandramoursnearlyproducedapanio among the wine merchants of England, and created an unplelsant sensation in the public mind. On my arrival here I found thereports respecting the actual state of the vineyards still more alarming 'and contradictory, even from persons who ought and night have been well-informed on the sab. ject. Several wine houses and almacenistas, L-abouring under the impression that thero would be no crop this year, would neither open their bodeges nor seD their wines. In this state of things I determined to make a personal exami- Dationr of th e'vineyards, and see with, my- own eyes the' extent of the disease, and the probable consequences therefrom. My friend; Tir. Charles Campbell, our Vice-Consul at the Poerta, was, under the impression that there would be no wine this year, and invited me to go and see his vine. yard to convince myself of the fact. I availed myself of his kind offcr, and took with me my capao& Gundarila, an inteligent person. We reaehed his vineyard about 6 o'clock on the 23th of July, -two lsagues from Port St.Mary. AMr. Campbell's vineyard consists of about 10 acres of well -cultivated ground, producing in ordinary years from 40 to 50 butts of good mosto, but such was the havoc of the vine diseaso that his whole vineyard will not'yield him five:butts of bad inosto this vintage. The steward of the vintage, at his piricular desire, took me over soma vineyards adjoining, all - of which were more or less in the same state. Near to-this place, in the Pago of Balbaina bajja is a large vineyard which m3any years ago Was the property of a friend of mine, and was caled Latula. It consists of 40 or 50 acres of ground, well cultivated, and in ordinary years it producad from 180 to 200 butts of good mosto; but this year will not yield 15 butts df bad wine. The vines appeared all healthy, the foliage xich and green, and I have not the least doubt that the exuberant vegetation, from the unusual quantity of rain falling in the winter, tended materially to prevent the formnation of the grape; for, independently of the disease, there were but few bunches of grapes on.the vines. The bunches were shriveled, dark, and looked more like ripe aloes in frosty weather than grapes; others, again, more yellow, and appeared more liko cranberries than grapes. The trunks of the vines and the branches did not appear to me to be at all affected by the disease. - From this place we went to Sanlucar de Barameda, a very considerable place, and famed for its ilansailla wine. The reports here were equally alarming and contradictory, and the prices of wine rose to a very great extent in a short period, under the impression that the vintage would be an entire failure. Having had a personal knowledge of-all the vineyards in this quarter, I directed myEelf to one of considerable extent, which lay between two roads, on the north part of which the disease made fearful ravages, and many of the vines seemed sensibly affected, from the yellow tinge and unhealthy appearance which they exhibited. In the sane vineyard, towards the south, the vines were well loaded with large clusters of healthy grapes. In another vineyard of large extent,, on the other side of tho road, not a sound grape could be seen. On my return to Port St. Maryfl felt some uneasines3 at what I had sean in confirmation'of the reports which I had heard and would not believe, and having also seen the stocks of wine decreasing in all the export cellars, and many cedlars, too, lying empty from the want of wine, I was under the impression that the wine trade in all its bearings was about to"e'ter on a new and serious crisis. I therefore rese'ved to visit the first vineyards in the -province, and convince myself; at least, of the real stato of the vintage. The season was now far advanced, the grapes were approaching to ripeness, and were already filled with mosto, cirCun. stances favourablo for a fair examination. I first commenced with Chiclana, a large district of vineyards, but not of old growth, as the first vine plantations were made here about 1825; but they every year increased in quantity, ar d the quality of its wine is calculated to blend well with sherry, which all the wine exporters find convenient to purcbase from its cheapness. In order that I might not meet with any obstruction during my course through the vineyards, I took a letterlof introduction to. the agent of the Du ke of Mredina Sidonia. Agents in all countries have great influence, and I found the advantage of having a letter for this personage, for he not only received me cordially, but placed a well-informed man at my disposal to take me over tae vineyards. The vineyards qf Chiclana are situated about a leagne from the town, and we entered them by the slopes on the right ridge of the pine foesMt. The first pago which we entered is caUed "de los Pobres," or vineyards of the poor, consisting of 500 acres. The soil of this pago is not of the first class, but it produces a strorig, stout-bodied wine, and the vines planted here are of the Palomino class. Thronuhout the whole extent of this vineyard we found the vines loaded with large clustered sound grapes, ad not a vestige of disease to be seen among them. In this vineyard last year the yield was almost nothing, the disease had produced such havoc, and many patches bolonging to the poor people were not cultivated this year from the expense that would necessarily incur, and the uncer- tainty of a favourble result ;, nevertheless those will this year have a fair vintage,: although the grape appeared to be smaller, and not vigorous or healthy.- Beyond this vineyard, i and towards MledinsaSidonilv we entered the vineyard of Signor Ortiz, who wra among- the first pltnters of 1- vines in s quarter. His vineyard eopsists of about- 60 acres of the AIbarizS soil, and 3Mted with-Palomino and Iothervines, and here therewillfl- ainexcellent andabdirdaut ' ropi, Tnrning from this quarter and proceeding to the south side of the town, towards the heights of Barossa, there are several vine7ards, but the soil not being favourable the grape is cultivated moro for the market than for the produce of wine. Here the disease exhibited itself in a most frightful state; the grapes were not only entirely destroved ut the trLkns and branches of the vines were sensibli affected. I have not yet examined the fifth part of the vineyards belonging to this place, nor have Igone over any of those celebrated vineyards of Jere I sIlaldevote the remainder of this week and the whole of next, and. whatever facts I may feel myself obliged to state there shall be no exaera tion-; and- after I leave Jerez I aball prooeed to Seville, thence to Cordova. MantiUa, LA Liancha, Munanares, and Val de Penes, and, if the civilwar'and state of the oountry permit, I shall return by Granada and Malaga, from all of vwhich places you shall have a few lines. E TI remain. Sir. vonr oblimed servant. I -- -1-- T. GOUMAN. M..D.' Memiber .of the Roval - UoUege of turgeons in London; Yellow of theRoy31 Institation andIRoyalGeograpical Society. Porto Santa .mia, Aag. 1, 185S; and I10, Mark-lane, London.
MEiLA.NCOLY Occu:arjseEc-A lamentable and fatal accident occurred onThursdaymorningonthefarm premises of Mr. Conlton, Armin, *near-GoDle, which resultea in the death of Mr. Coulton and two otherpersons. A well used forwatering cattleohavingbecomenearly exhausted, arrange. , meuts were made for cleaning -it out. Mr. Coulton's foreman descended by a ladder to the bottom of the well, and was in the act of dipping a buket into the water when Mr. Coullton observed bun fall off the ladder. R:e-imniediately went down to the man's assistance, and was in the act of pulling him by the collar, when he'oo dropped into, the .watr. The -res of some women who witnessed these occurrences from the mouth of the well atractedthle attenffon of a man known by the cognomen of "'Bns Joe," who was driving a cab along the turnpike road at the time, and hb proceeded immediately to the spot and deseended into the w well, but only to meet the same fate as Xr. Coulton and his .man. Otherassistanceasprocuredas speedilyas poseible, and a youth wa lowered. into .the wel by a rope fastened -round hlis body, and he was thue enabled to bring up two of. the men, but was too much exhausted by the noxious gases .in the weflto descend again. The body of the third -man was taken out some time afterwarda, but in all three Cases i;G was extinet. The acidenthas cast a melancholy gloom - over the whole district, Mr. Gouho being much espcted by his neighbour . . -
oAKs coLi rsrxrK. TO THEE EDITOR OFTE-T S.,l;'- 3ir,r«-We aall feel vrmuch oblige by the inser in yaur paper of tle fo liowng additional paticulas oaazacted Withl this strike:- - - We 'obsenem Tle liamu of the 6th inst. a letter frcom ihe, orrzieni but we have nat nni now had tilie to 2iake any remarks isoltj, as wie haveeexi oocupied taking steps for the protl,tion oE the lives of those men who were disp ad to-work, andalso-ofour property.. The object of o-rformerletterwasto showthat r.Minto wa not the manager,. as -the-men have wishead to ke it appear, bht the undeviewer, acting- in all respets upon instructions given by kr. W oojs,ouse and Mr. Broin, Mr. Coe acting inAprecisely similUr capacity all the time he was in our employvment, whatever representations he or others may have made to the conitrary. Mr. Brown has been intimately acqnsinted -with, aUI the details of this colliery from the time it was put under.Mr. Wooahonse's management in the year 180, and has had 1he carrying out of all -the improvements thit have been effected; he has aLio, ashMr. Woodhonse's pupil and assistant, becn conneted duribg the last 16 years with a great many other colleries in six of the midland Dountieg, some of them equally lage with the .Oaks and generating as much, or even more, explov- gas. - . Mr. Minto has beei in pits ever since he was-nine years of ago, And has gone through allIthe grades. -7Weshallnot, hoiieer;nterintony father cuslbn here as to their abilities and experience, bat we may state that we have full confidence in the strong re66omiendations of Mr, Woodhouse to that effect, and those who hac e not, need not workunder thoe -beyondthe .fortnight neoegsary for givig the cuatomiry legl notice. - Wcsimoply deny that experiments have beesi nade with the air and gas whllile 300 persons wrere in the pit, and stte that, 'with the exoeption of-a few cases in the main intake air-courses, the pit is 'wor-ed efclusiveay with klocked safety lamps, a circumstanme to which the 'insiSectof called theattention of the deputation, and that no naked lights were used at all whera the bewers were at.work lWe now beg to assert most positively that the statements given in our lstter of the 31st-ilt are correct, both tsio the letter and spirit of them; and we as po0itively deny the assertion that alterations were made and painted out by the deputation; we repea, nota single alteration was made or contemplIted in the pit after the men struck work; and we utterly deny that the depiitation, which consisted of six men 'intimately acquaintod with the pit, and therefore well able to detect the slightest alteration, ever pointed out or even linted that any such had taken place. -: As to the alterations andexperimenta made by Mr. hinto, upon close inquiry the deputation were obligel to admit tD the inspector, although very unwillingly, that improvements had resutedin every cas9. I-nT the interval which elapsed between the stike and the InsPector's visit the mien themselves used their utmost enjdeavours to effect an alteration in the pit, as they prevented ;by intimidation every one of the willing.workmen from Aetting coal for the supply of the ventilating furnace and the pnuping engine in order that the mine might be fnled with explosive gas and water, which 'would have entailed upon us an enormous loss; but this calamity was averted by sending the deputies to get coals until we succeeded in maling other arrangem ents, and in protecting some men in houses at the colliery. We are perfectly convinced ourselves, and it is notorious to Many persons in this district, that the strike has not taken place in consequence of fear on the part of the men, but from a wish to have an underviewer of their own choice -viz., ourlafe deouty, whom we have discharged for gross insubordination. The real objection to Mr. Minto is, that he has been doing his duty to his employers, and would not let the men do as they wished to our detriment; but it would trespass too much upon your space to give all the particulars. - The men had left their work some days before we or our agents heard a word of dissatisfaction as to the state of the pit or the abilities of Mr. linto; they at first raiseda few veryfrivolous objections and* afterwards decided at their meetings that they would say they had struck from fear ana thus enlist the sympathies of the public, and possibly fscape the punishment they might incur for illegally leaving their work, remarking that they Imew we would not allow our pit to stand for the sake of one man. They furtherrosolved that whatevermight bethe natare of the Goverumont Inspectol?s report, it should have no effect ininducing them to go. to work. ,ll tis we know positively-to have occurred. - At the dose of the examination of the pit, the inspector tola the deputation thatit was in very good order, and that. thereoJad been no occasion for sending for biin, as it -was not a question of safety, but eiidently a desire, for some reason, to get rid of Mr. Alinto, and have another person appointed. Since the strike many of the old hands, who inew the pit and were satisfied as to its safety, would have been at work, but the malcontents threatened to murder any one ,who went into the pit to get coal. EIiotous assemblages of the turnouts haveo curred, the office windows have been broken, and.several persons have been brutally attacked because they were going to work. Tho last-murderous attach- was made on Friday last, the 18th inst. The deposition of one of the injured men has leen taken while he was lying in bed, and severalmen are mn custody for this very serious charge. Bythe advice of th countymgistrates we have had a large number of special constable sworn in; we have also colscemen stationed at the colliery, and further efficient aid has been promised should it become necessary. At the commencement of the strike we issued the foHlowing handbill:- - "OAKS COMURY Srix. " The workmen at this colliery having illegally absented themselves from their employment, under the plea that the pit is unsafe, the Government Inseector has made an exami- nation of it, and reports that, in his opinion, 't he miine is I ia s fit and safe worki condition' the proprietors 'wish, therefore, to state that thepit is Topw for tll men to return to their work, and such as are desirous of leaving caas then do so by giving the legal fortnight's notice, without which no I clearance'-paper will be granted. - Oaks Colllery-office, near Barnsley, July S." No advantage has been taken of this offer by the men to. obtain their legal discharge; it. mst therefore be evident thatit is the fault ofthe men, and not of onreelves, that they have not long since been in possession of their dclarances, so assto enable them to procure employment elsewhere. - We have now only to re t, whichwedo most emphatically, that as they have iegly left their worlk, under what we well know to be a false plea, we shall not, under any circumstances wnatever, give them clearances, unless. they obtain theus by a legal notice according io the termns of their hiring, neither shall we discharge r. miinto at their dictation, but shall call in the aid of the authorities to protect these men who arewilling and anxious to work. a pologni2ing for the length of this letter, which we intend toboe ou r last communication toyou uLpon this subject, I -. - - FJTH,-BARBER. &A.D CO. i; - --lery, ne ar ey, alg. -4.
V~t.EATShOF THE TS'vOURMISTp IaNe "$WnM'TIi_AeD.-O"n te'Snumnit of Mont Blanc. hf.Jh ec n ilrothier William, the latter-of w'hom is quite. a stii~,pjing, left Chusnounion the 4th inst.,aibout 7o'clocl in the mornIng, and, in spite of a violenit gale of winid, arrived at the top of the mountain, returning .ta thehirlhote at half-past 2 In the afternoon of the 5th. - They.dxhibited some fireworlm during the night of the 4th (probably from heiea the Grandls Mulets), whih were lo-ok-ed fdr at Chainounii and answered with a simila display .by the ,nmaLtre (VkAtc An American gentlemani, MY. ennry Fairbanks, with his sister, Miss Chalotte Fairbanks went nip to the Grands Mulets on the same day. A young Englishman (Mr. Thomas Houldsworth), s-aid to, be only 16 years of age, determinedl to surpass every formner- adventurer, by makdng the'azcent-of Mont Blanc and-returnin-'in asingle dayv He left Chamanumd a few minutes after midnight, on the night of theo 4th axid returned triumphat Lt 9 o'clock, in the eveningof he th,havng ccmplsed thi task: in 21 hours. The very next day, the 6th, this enterprising yobith startd for the ascent of Moiit Buet,. which -he achieved; and at IL oeclock on the 7th he -was-walking about the streett at. Chamounias co0ollyLaa. ifnmothinghiad:happened. Mont Blanc sems likely +obecom7e a- c ommonplace achievement; and at -the very time *hen these- brave yroung :English folks were treadiik- Mont Blan under their feet, a FreachC gentleman,. X. lo. Comte. de Beeiid 'was -performing. another ascent; alo from th6 valyo Camouni, in-whichL lie has had no predecesior. -The reimark'able'-oint called the Aiguile du- Ilidi -which! is~ so conspicuous among the Alpine' range, had alWajs been-regarded as.inac- cesble; aidlevery attempt tolimnb it had failed. On the 4th of August, Id._le Comte de Bouili;accompaiiled by six guides and three porters, together with a miner, who carried somne iron Stak~eS iifd tools to fastexl them in the rok, tarted- at 7 oecloock in the n iorning, crossed the Merde Glace, and reathed,at.S in the- evening the,loot of the. Mont Blanc du TacuL. lNot fading there, uponz the shore of thiegreat ocean of -ice which they had traveised; any rocks over which they could clamber to- the-firm land, theywere obliged tocreep, into- a narrow,crevasse, or cleft in te ice, andpaa themghklt in it, the temperature being only fen degrees above zero.' At -4 o'clock- next mnorning they aros and-mnade theirway to the fooit of the fAigille dui 1'idi, a rugged -and. ieeip'itEeu romcl;,which rises perpendicularly-, for a- height of 300 metres, Lsurrounded by terrible chasms,- anJd having ite - aies all. bristly-with Projecting crags, -loosened stones, and great blocks of ire, whiceh oft-en cam-e 'thunderingdown. abouxt the meds ears asthey clifbbed iipwards.' A -e -surmounting inconceivable difficulties,, and haz-arding-their lives at every stew the gned the sunimit of thie Aigufle by 8 o'clock, anf =1their fl.kg ofL victory. It was - hailed ~with a shoue' of delight throughi- all -the valley-of Chianouni; the situation.of the adlveaturous.party was observed writh,min'gled admiration and .terror by the inbabitante of the village, sas wl 'as by the stAmers -who ' watched them throngh a hundredi tele- , Their descent, it Yoay be imagined, was dangerous, rzndte~ fate of D)r. UBamelrs guides, killed there in 1820, wa o eyconsoling& to them. - -However, they got back toaChaortuenri insfety, and were.met wit-h a perfect,ovatioi by the people of the plipce.-Daiip News, - -
I - ZMGATO -:rra Trorr O:5 z;AU8 LiA,'- - (From tJ.e 4MZ" ' ' '1'- Amonthe of faoidd b SIcik dy lO t'ih Uw legilative Connil was the rixirt of the i*ect coamitte, appointed on Mr. BlAt's =iuon binqiiruinothe exoetidve fenale imniripations N' i(-l tb* minuk. o-of eY&na and ppendixpertainingtJro. .rwe,tilf a iidy 'been published in 5 jowia. lint te ebide; ii new to the public, a fd the docuienti forinec tse a8Tidi- tere tnot yet-apyre ~in print. -The whele fonsasa bulky wn}+letot 0 fdos lidpresets an overwheling ar of facts anc. fures, Imneain the conduct oft he linipa.- - tion Comnmsaoners,--. -7> -^1 The namber of dayg on wiich Uis cointte t .n1;i, and the number of -wtnemes exanied wa 38. The Brdaier part of this number oconaistid or the female mimnVgants themselves, the otber cosistiag of thnofficiai- connected with the immigrtion and destitute 6etablishnent,-' the Colonial Secretary, and, one or two prite tem U The evidence, as is already knoin, dgte e sfct that the Emigrationi Coraumininers . atat *iicay despatched lImg numbers of'permonai ma irec oasioto their instuctions; and alao that.r Adelaide great number, of persons who anlizor ,s to Sydney, Melbourne, arddGeelong. Some- o or creatures th"ishamefuly entrapn d wdere agnrn_o 3derstand that the Adelaideiovemmennt would be bound to sn them on to their destination ; others that it wS ut ah,irt distance from Adelaide to Mel)ourne. orL Sydney;, and others were put on board ship-like cattle, 'withoat their consent to the clhage in theirdestnation. beei so mtuch as asked or expected. In its broad fi.trs this aivminiablo pros'tit u tion o f c olonia fun da for, -the purpose of kidnap$? ng ,is already well known to our readers. But -as -th evidence noD puablish ed suforpliesw more precie detI and a I i is imhposble. unt il ws ethoadvAntsgcs of'he new Attogie to nucliprominence to-thfis ubject, we shall extraht fo the evience of thei female murnmigrAnts themselves theunvarniihed statement Lof their.ad -ourwrong .: - Feranel Dwes toe scuate utin thelbone, nasked fo`r passage toMelbourne,buto ogttdg her ehfberation-order found it was for Adelaide.- Elle Door ame-out in tse Australia, applied for a paage forherif-anda -ister ipe Sydne her sisterwaa ient -ouht heroin etheCiea ybut -there got s b teaingoomforboth, she vwMsntouI pitthe A - trails. OShe tcrieahedgeil,aor e seint home again thane shelreel fromh heer ii ss Honoraeunedyappliuedfo a ee tog Mbomrne 1but - sent to Adeltade in the gotoe Olidh sho her conseer being askted She " did no t know the "betwoen the two laces. Jane Rli&~nz "otane aorerfo Ml ,houreameut fotind on arrivng at lyinouth,h there *anh no ship for Melbourne,-and so cate-to Adeide in the Thoms Arbuthtnd. Thoughit it oirka- "nc, use to object." Ehen Ngel apu wld forld tah ae to velbourne, and receiVa an order for the Octavi'on the berh for Adeaide. Whra told that Adelaide andMeilbo.rme'ere only one day's Walk apart. Mary Fitzgerald baa- an. aunt livixg in Swanston.- street, telbourgp, and obtained ha order for that 31@c,but was sent on boar the Australia at golymuth boud for Adelaide, and as she" cofLd mot help nateTrs, contented-t6 omae on to Adelaide,"buteo ed her greafdisapzointm ent to the person iu charge at elymoltf. Mary Ring artived by the Australia, hasing-applied for apassage toMelbourne, and thought ile was going ther unutil she found Out her mnistake on board shi-, Bridget Broderick, -by the EuroNi obtained an orderfor "elboutie,-aud neior nether wans suchaplcersAclelyideuntiaftershy. was u nj.Ioatdsli pliz bet'hCag-ney, by the Glentanner, al.,o aupUlf fr Melburne, iand onlv found out she was corinig ta Adelide aftbr em. barking. Margaret Duggan,. whoee brother 11aapreCedeFA herafew weeks to ser ace in -MdIem:driepliedJoi an order to follow her brotner, and wa sentto Adellidex, with the asurance that the eommiscaionerd -here'twomld sem her on to Melbourne. Elfr.abott Downey~ was xi-ilarig decoyed on hoard the same ship. Anastasfs Collins,- by th& bayhcwaukt, pai d ler money formeourne, ad. onh- getting her sailing order found it was fr rAdelAid. 3sner nrents remonistrateed, but were toa d by the y Iet als that-it was 11quite eas -ogtfoefAlietoMehcrn. Magaret th erala tho plhmed for a passage tolelebonrne, hut on reaciing nlirkenead was.put on board-tt.e Eurosa, for Adelaides. Elizabeth Williams and siser -were sen;ono board thitb Aliqtis, at BirLanhead, -inder-precisey similar circumastances. - Heraplicatioumvas through a rrAEis, of aro-i borouhste counts tlin. ,ien-Poower wanted to goto el bourne where he hid friend o ashe was therefore ourt wit theMelbourne gls, but at sin uth Iampter n -s pxt with tha Adelaide girls. "Oneprotesting danstthe change i hdr destmiation shs wasbrougt 2 bef or agthingen2tleran ins tiler 4, who saiditwas jus andl to, god to onetse lac asdan0 otwher, but that hn shae got to AdlLgaide hec17frmsctat e case tod the t commissions if shedid not ethre olont uShecame out in the Oriental. -YaryXiley ia out in the Nashwauen, having applied for a passaget, where she had friends. On getting to tha c nheld she fondher destination was Adelaide. Shre protested against the cbhane, but wa told there was no vessel for Sydney, and she-must go in the Nashwaak. "eany otiers *ho peiin their money for Syldney and Melboure came out n the N'ashwauk to Adelaide." Mary Ann O'lirien, by the.' Aliquis, thought she was on her way to Melbourne, w lieie she ham friends, unti after embarking. The ol ev. Dean Armstrong, from wh,om she got 'her - form," told her in reply to her objection, that Adentrde and abletoure were "no ,greats distance from meac other," and that she could easily get from one to the othera Bridget Keogh came out ia the Corrmandel haap lelin Dublin to a relation of Dr. lood's, of Kpunda, for i ts asage to Melbourne, but he procured her forms for Ado-: aE4de4 Jane Cirony "took out her forms f3or Sydney, and 'a her money for Sydney,". but oxn arriving at Plymouth Sepa the mbarcation orderwa for an Adc ad T O n obje ting she ewas ds she o nuIdge t fr o de ideto -W y d rney taweetl and, not lildng to.put her fat2her to furaher eopease she resolved to come. - She was pt on boar Jne rc ,^g2 -pub ontjae membrbordnh the thomas Arhuthnot. 1 sThe foregoing itnesses wat1 all examined at some length by the cowmmittee 2 and very36 rnanymore night have beev' added. We never remember hearing of so 1legrant a cse of, wholesale kdcnap ig and cimnnot yet h esigt the conviction that the home Governmentc onObtaining possession of the' evidence elicted by th seldect committeho rsHt take se.Ps to bringith e offeners inthis businet s toMiee unisenth We hardly know-which is 'worse-the spipment'of.so manY grls againsttheir-willru bthe extortingof consentfremthosa.- poor- unfortunate - creaturess who, after travelling froni various Irish counties -to Liverpool, were there told that Adelaide and Melbourne wato only a day or two's joumey apart-, and that if they got to -fhe one they could easily get to,-the other. For the credit of Engl we hope the inquiry which his been instituted here wl be oowdba corresponding inquiry them.floeby. The total number of single women sent ou3 to this colony in 1855. at the expense of the Lend Pund, was 4,049, of whom 1, 887 were under 21 years of age; 2,12 over 21 and, under 45, 21 between 45 and 50, anc'l 18 betweeni DO0 and 70. These imniigrantas camne-857 fromi England, 217 from Scotland, and 2,9S1 from Irelane. The:r occuui.ticn.s are most unsatisfactorily classed, being adopt-ed, iii fact,from. the representations of the girls themselves, each girl describing herself -as belonging to that class in which sahe wished to obtain employment. In thisnmanec the 4,049 were enteredI as-domestic servants, 3,481, farm servants,. 390; semstressses, 47; cooks, 37; dairymnaids', 58; laundresses, 39. With respect to the 3,481 domestic servants and -the 39(. farm servants, we now know well enoughthat it would have been much nearer the mark- had these numbers beenL exchanged. The education olasesifcatlon sho*s -t'hat of those between 1.4 and 21 years of -age, 569 could read, 911 in addition could write, and 397 were ignorant of these attainments. Of these, from 21 upwards, 675 could read, 928 couldl write, and 966 -were ignorant. The total result shows that 1.839 could read, 1,244 could write, and 966 were ignorant. But it is needless to say t-hat of those entered as being able to read and write, as littls reliance can be placed upon the educational accomplishmients thus indicated as upon the aptituade for domestic service of those who, inscribedl themselves under that head, Of the religious persuasions, 2,54 were Catholics, and 1,5 difrerent denominations of Protestants. These immig-rant.- arrived in 39 ships of -ihich 7 Arrived in the month of April, 4inxMay, 4-in June, 4 in December, 3 in January, 3 inFehruary, 3 in July, 3 in August, 3 in -Iowember, 2 in September, 2 in October, and 1 in Mfarch. The largest number of single feas &in onesip durding 1.855, was by the Aliquis, in Augast, -which brough 24.1 of thiis clas.f, passenges the net largest being by~ the Grand Trianton, in June,=_bringin 225 TheEitzja3ineemDeoember,brouglitthe third: highes nu-mber-namely, 1S5~ after which several vessels rangefrom 170 toI140. -The Mallard anidthe Caroline, in -May, rought 28 and 36 respectively, being the low- st n te lst,wit -the exception~ of the l4ile. in February, wiclchrought-on]y 24single femnales. -Dividling the totalnumberby the number of ships,wefindan average of 129A to'each of the 39 shi~s arriving throughout the year.. Ai the time when the evidence heremin eferred to -was [tak-en, there were iu t'he deplit 311- girls, of -whom only 158 had applied for orders to Adelaide, the rest having been appli-- cants for passages to Melboume, Geelong, and Sydney. An -a reminis-cence of th e extent to which te injustice- of the Emigatin Cmmisioershas jaffected not only. the proaVetsofthedeeiedemigrats, but t'he finances of this colny,wemaystae hatononegivn ay peifiedain t'he retuns f th seectcoanitte thre ere sou ,in-- cluding the destitute, received GoeneTrations at the variouzs dapte This upon a- peaton o A. the time, about 87,500~or 8'8,000 persons Iisnedless to SAY mnore. - - --
IHAB ST ZABOUR :. TO THE EDITOR OFV11E TIlD3S. Sir,-I observi in your paper of this day a ister. from Sir S. 3 Peto," shtaing .thatw rral labouris sarce, and .suggesiingthat soldiers should be employed ia gattiig in the .corm ill you allow ne to suggest whebher it wouId be a wise and,properpolicyso tointerferowith i;he labour market? The agLicultarl ls'bourerenbeennotorions1yattnieslow eOnU0 paid (I believe about Ss. per week), and if his turn has come now for high wages, why should there be anyinterferenec to keep those wags down, which would be the effect of em. ployiig soldiers to do his work9 Sir S. M. Peto says, that mnavviese e&rmMg 4s. 3d t° [ 4s. 6d. per day have left him because they can earn more at iarvesting, and that 'he, to help the faimer, rouldl not com_ pete 'witIl him by raising wags. This is te:tder dealing .towards the farmers. Why should not the "s vviee" ges " . be raised, and the farmers be lef'. to bid hgher ? Can- not they afford it after two years of high prices? Are theyb as a body so very liberal that wages must be kept down for them? Is not the high price of com their p.incipeI coo4Eideration, and ae they-not in favour of was, 'beause it brings high prices? In one cae Sir S. 31L Petowould ,eryijr berht, .tha being that the famers canot obtain labour t r but that would be so ett rdinazyin Itis countrY, that if' Sir S. I Pet entertins sueh i I i ru: sps t ' -him whether he be:not r-iulckL - - - - - - i-EE TRADE IN LABOU4. I :London, Aug.-i4.
ZONDON. SATURDAY, AUGUST 16, 1S56. " IreL3nd again I" Our readers will recollect -the time when these words were uttered with a mixture of impatience, disgust, and indignation. Those were days when the English public was aecustomed to pay for the succour of Irish destitution, and to be repaid by the sacurrility of Irish jrofessional patriotism; -when the Saxon was expected to relieve by his al-ms the misery -which Celtic improvidence had earned, and to receive for his thanks the braggart menace of Celtic pikes, bayonets, and reaping-hooks ; when the potato blight was ascribed to the legislative Union, and -the hunger of Skibbereen to the extinction of the Irish Parliament. But those days are gone by, as we hope never to return. There is no evil without its good. The wofEl curse of the Irish famine- has left a blessing 'behind. The famine and .the pestilence that dealt death on every side also sowed the seeds of healthy 11Ee. We still read and repeat, " Leland again 3" but now no longer with shame, sorrow, or disgust. Our eyea are no longer dimTed by the frightful statistics of Irish poorlhouses oe appalled by the fatal records of Irish poor-rates. Our hearts are no longer wounded by the hideous details of a calamity from which all revolted but those who traded in pmclaiming them. Our ears are no longer tnned by the mendicant quackery which prescribed for the worst maladies no other remedy than the employnment of the most impudent quack. All this is changed. Ireland still jigures prominently in our reports; buit famished, desponding, and rebellious Ireland no longer. It is her exuberance, not her poverty,-her enterprise, mot her despair,-her rivalry, not her rebellion, -that now engages our attention and our sympathy. In place oE thte timeworn declamation, or the -wretched sedition that her orators so long profitably dealt in, we turn to statistics of pigs, poultry, cattle, sheep, corn, potatoes, poor-rates, and flax; and under all these heads the retmuns are most encouraging. The recent occasion of a Vic4oregal -,-sit to the great national agricultural show at Athlone might la,e furnished a lees ac6omplishe6rhatorician th-an Lord C LISLEn with subjects suggestive of congratalation. Natul.u_Iy it was " improveo' by a Lord ILieutenant to vlose well-stored mind the scenery and neighbourhood of the central city broughl 'uack- so many historical associations. 'In England an ordinary meeting in an old garrison town excites no, strong impresions of contrast, supplies no scope for comparison, and any amplification' of suck. materials would n-ppe2aa staited* and uinnatural. But in Ireland the caso is widely dif- trent. There, events which in other countries belong to early or rnedi2eval history have colouled the most recent annals. There, feuds-j,action fights, and all those scenes of tuirbulent dabcord 'whieh are so fatal to pacific progress, are within the recollection of every adult; and the actual conflicts of civil war are not removed to a very distant' epoch of tradition. A city -which the English held against the Irish, or the Protestant -won from thePapist,-a city which not long ago touched the extreme verge of Irish civilization, -suggests an 'ample theme of meditation when selected as the theatre of agricultural competition, in whiclh Saxon and Celtic candidates are to receive from a Saxon Viceroy prizes for specimens of agricultural sldll or agricultural produce introduced or perfected by the Celt of Scotland or the Celto-Saxon of England and Ireland. At such a meeting it would be impossible to refrain from comparing the difference that eight years have effectod in the moral and material conditions of Ireland. But that which is felt the dleepest is-often the least perfectly or least 6penly expressed. The Lord-Lieutenant preferred to dwell largely upon the material progress, and tou'ch more sparingly on the moral improvement which it implied,. being doubtless fully convinced that his audience 'would draw, their own inferences and make their own reflections. And of two separate eras he chose that which was the more. remote from contemporary memory, though not less suggestive in itself. He pointed to that " majestic Shannon," which, dividing Connaught from the rest of Ireland, once left it as an alternative destination for a locality of less honourable mention, though hardly less desirable resort, but wnich now swells with the importance of augmented traffic, and washes shores that teem with the fertility of increasing wealth. And,though it would have been impolitic in a LordLieutenant to whisper the faintest hint of a Government grant, those who heard him could not fail to recollect what British gold had done for Irish transit and Irish drainage, and the most rigid economist could not but concede that there are tirmes when grants and public works may reap a lasting reward in the extended commerce and induatry of a people. He pointed to that peasantry, once divided by the invisible but invincible lines of family and faction, who crowded before him in amicable rivalry. N-or, looking on a scene so fair, could he well forget the widespread prosperity of which it was but a single and solitary indication. If Athlone presented the goodly spectacle of pas. toral and agricultural enterprise, it was not because one or two counties had engaged in the competition, but because all Ireland was energetic and industrious. And no happier reply could tha governor of a country make at the festive board than Lord CA:LsLE drew from the inspiration. of the Irish agricultural returns. He could tell his hearers that what has happened nowhere else has happened in Ireland; that, wlhile in other countries population has increased and production has diminished or remained stationary, in Ireland, where emigration has within 15 years diminished the population by 1,000,000, the acres under cultivation have' been increased by 1,000,000. He could remind them that the increase in the cultivation of flax amounts to more than 65,000 acres; of wheat, to 83,000 acres; and he could also tell them-what,perhaps, they did not so well know-that, while this production of corn and cattle has been solargelyaugmented,thenumber ofpaupers has been largely diminished, and that there are now fewer paupers in the Irish workhoUses by 17,000 than there were this time last year. This to us wiU not appear a very remarkable coincidence, but it will probably startle those Irish political economirts who used to declaim against any improvements in husbandry, which, as they said, tended to increase food only for exportation to other countries, and did not add to the stock'or consumption at home. A retrospect such as Lord CAxis's speech contains in duodecimo, and such as the Poor Law, Emigration, and Agricultural Ieports give at greater length, affords the 'most pleasing and the most satisfactory comment on the capabilities of Ireland and her people. A nation which a few years ago was the most unpractical and ne@er-do-weel 'in the world-of which ignorance, idLleness, ana unthrift seemea the essential and unchangeable attributes-which seemed likely to struggle for ages through the slough of muddy politics and social debasement-is actually now not only a competitor, but a successful competitor, with England in the race of industry. If this promise continues to be borne out-if Ireland to the genial fecundity of her soil adds those qualities of a people which can educe fertility from the most rugged and unfruitful earth,-then in the course of eight or ten years longer we may expect to see verified those aspirations which, if often profaned by the lips of mercenary demagogues, have never been absent from the hearts of her real patriots and the noblest conception of philosophers and statesmen will be realized-that of a country rmised from poverty and degradation to honour and wealth by the energy and labour of her sons.
What is it vwhich makes the difference between a new English and a new American State ? Au English new State or colony is, withsome exceptions, which local circumstances and the necessary difliculties of afresh start cause, a section ana a sample of the whole empire. The English colonist carries out with him the social order, civil discipline, institutions domestic and public, the maimers, tone, and every-day life of the mother country. Domestic labour is indeed a deficient article in the new community, and the wife and daughter of an emigrant of the middle and upper classes have to do work which they are not accustomedl to. But, thouigh the domestic sphere has its difficulties, the public exhibits all the administrative system of the public sphere at home, and the idea of law and civil order. is the same in New Zealand as in Midldlesex. Wait but a few years, and you have even the refinements, the luxuries, physical and intellectual, the amusements and. entertainments, of En,glish social life. Look at the last accounts from Australia, now entering upon a new political system, and about to enjoy the full advantages of a Colonial Ministry and a local responsible government: you see there the social life of Englana in full force, the same tone, and the same tastes, only on a smaller scale. Their stage acts Mr. Tont TAYLon's plays, their Opera commands the services of Miss CATammN HA:Es, and their concerts exhibit Parisian tenors and violinists of the SIvoP. school. Sydney and Melbourne have now their artists, portrait-painters, photographists, designers. The Parliament just about to assemble promises, it is said, much business-like talent, and full ability to cope with the present financiaI difficilties of the prowince and the debt inder -which it labours. And what is true of Sydney andclelbourneistruemore or less of Austraelia generally. Australia has displayed, on the wlhole, a fair picture of civil order, anada riot or a murder has been a rare event. In the English colony, then, we have a sample of England. But the American colony or new State is not a sample of Aiuerica-i. e., of established and settled America. It does not carry out -with it tle social -order-of the parent. Stats, but civil suciety seems to start -afresh there, and to show all the un'easiness and struggles of incipient life. We need only refer to the state' of things iu California. - - Various reasons, then, may be smggested for this difference between.an English' and an American new Staie. It may Be said that the. material of English colonization is more. simple, and so more manageable, tban that of American, which consists of all the races and languages under the sun; and other explanations may be offered. 33ut *one not unlikely reason appears to lie in a remarkable and *'a fiimdamnental constitutional characteristic of an English new State as compared with anAmaericanone. The Englislhnew State has a solid and an active bond of union with the mother country- in the Govermor, wiho receives his appointment '.from the maother country, and whose legal, and, still more, ivhbse moral position and influence have necessaxily great weight in moulding the infant province. He is the centre and the head of the social system, the squire of the parish, the oniy great-man. in the new country-; and everybody knows how, much the only great man in aplace is thought of. Here, then, is a real and effective medium between,the new English State and the mother country; in the office of a home-appoifited Governor the mother country has an engime of: real power, and one wvhich enables her to exert a parental influence over ber child; while, at the same time, the Governor's positiun is not such as to enable him indefinitely to control the new community, or oppose its - mature and delberate wants. :E[e must yield to the steadily-maintained popular demancd in the province, just as the home Government must to the popular voice at home, but this is quite consistent -with a real and effective poower attaching to the position of Governor. He is not obliged to give in to the first expression of. the popular voice; he can defer a measure, and the po-wer of deferring is very often equal to the power of negativing altogether. Give the populace time, and they will often change their own minds, and veto themselves. The power of postponing is thus tantamount in many caes to a veto. Had our QuE3m a real power of postponing measures passed through the Houses of Parliament, or a real limited veto, like that of the American PllESrD}T, instead of the merely nominal absolute one which slie has, how much greater power the Cnowi would have in this countrv than it has ! The English colony has, then, in its homeappointed Governor an effective medium of connexion with home,-one which identifies it with tbe parent State, gives it the advantage of her old-established basis, and makes it a regular part of the empire at large. Butthe new American State appoints its own Government and Administration, and is from the very first an entirely separate and independent State. It is thus cut off altogether from old-established and settled America, which has no representative in its constitution. It is thrown entirely upon itself and its own clude and infantile material for social order and balance. The Federal centre has no emabodiment and impersonation in the system of the new community; it is a mere idea and abstraction. The only reality to the new State is itself. It has thus only itself to think of as the source of all powyer and the basis ot all government which goes on withini it, and therefore, when a Government does not give satisfaction, it naturally asks why should it, the fountain-head of authority, obey such Government,bow, against its own will, to its own delegated officer ? Hence the ease and decision with which the Government in San Francisco is upset and another set up in its place by a mere voluntary movement of citizens. On the whole, then, it would appear that our system stands no unfavourable comparison with that of our Trancatlantic neighbours. A time must come, doubtless, when every colony, if it onlygrows, prospers, and expands, must become wholly independent, and give up the tie which -unites it wvith the mother country. But under the American system the new State has a too early and premature independence; it is too soon divorced from its source and separated from central and old-established America. America is indeed committed by her theory of government to this result, and with the pleasures must swallow the awkwardnesses of republicanism. The Federal centre cannot act like a monarchical one, or pretend to interiere in the internal government of any of its member-States, old or new. But we may not unfairly congratulate ourselves on the advantage of our own form of government, and observe with satisfaction that a constitutional monarchy can give a colony the assistance and steadying principle whiclh a new State wants without depressing or enfeebling it.
A foolish Scotch jury has recently distinguished itself by delivering a verdict calculated to cripple the liberty of the press,-that is to say, to destroy the best and surest guamntee that exists for British liberty. When pullic writers step out of their natural sphere of action, and abuse a power which should be used only for the public benefit, it is, no doubt, high time that the law should intervene and protect the reputation and feelings of private men. The acts of public men in their public capacity constitute the legitimate subject for our comments. We are concerned with all that passes before the tribunals of the country, and wiith all the acts of men who assume in any form to act in a public capacity. Further than this we desire not, to go; and, if aiy person would test thle practical valuie of a free press, let hima but think for a moment what this country wouild be without it. What act of oppression, what blunder of statesmen or judges, now passes unnoticed or unrebiuked? 'But for the action of the press, which of the great measures which have been carried through Parliament during the last thirty years would have passed into law? How many struggles, which could not have been broiught to an issue without intestine commotion and civil feud, have within the samnepeiiodbeen quietlysettled through the columns of the public journals ? We do not shrink from comparing the results of our labours with those which have been attained by the members of any, other. profession. Why, then, should the jurymnen of Great Britain, 'when called upon to decide a dispute between the proprietors of a public journal and any individual who may hold himself aggrieved by the comments which his conduct may have drawn upon him, permit themselves to decide on other principles than those which -would regulate their sentence were the dispute between man and man? The press is emphati. cally the representative of the people. If Iwisely directed, it guards the interests of all classes and conditions of society, and has a right in turn to the sympathies and assistance of all. It cannot be fairly charged upon the public writersof this country that they have not regarded the intere3ts of morality and justice, that they have not acted as the friends of law and order, that they have not been diligent on all occasions to advocate those neasueswichwere best calculated topromote the welfare of the community and to maintain the rank of England among the comity of nations. Would any Englishman be ashamed to take the tone and feeling of the prees in this country at the present time as. a fair exponent of the' public mind of Englind in the latter -ialf of the 19tlh century? That -,our renmarks are occaaionally distasteful ts- men in power, to incapable soldiers, to railway joliberss, And 6ther-per'sonsdf tljeikeskiif i 're caniwel lunderstand ;, bit wvere these przsons,not actingunder the dailk check ,o public,. opinion, xaspexissed in The coluhns,of the publie pres, -would. Yngland be i country -to -live in?. We have- a right to ask'that our conduct should be compared- with the servlity of continental' journalists, on the one hand, and with the -vild license of the press in the United States- 6n the other. Such a comparison, if fairly instituted, would show that it is not exactly fair to tieat a public writer in this countryas a ccaptd hTpinum whenever a chance expression may be impugned in a court of justice. The jury-bo); ;an pander to -the excegses, of power and to the prejudice of the time and the place -just as well as the printing press. When a juror goes wrong he risks but little; if 'a public writcr errs, the credit of his vocation and his own fortunes are at stake. We ourselves have lately had great cause to complain of the 'hostility of an English jury. Contrary to the directions: of. the presiding judge, and in defiance' of ai justice. they delivered against us a most unfair anud oppressive verdict. It- is -not, however, of orx own case that we would 'speak nov, but of thic recent p6rformances of a Scotch jury in a dispute between Mr.DuzzA xIMLA xfr, late Provost of Edinburih, aii the SCOtSmea.. A verdict of 400. damages was obtained agaimst that journal, which penalty, with the'costs, will, as it is understood, amoiunt to about 1,000G. A: meeting has just been held in Edtinburgh, consisting chiefly of Scotclh Liberals, who desire to express their sympathy with tle conductors-of The Scootman, and to aid them iu the payment of the fine and costs. Sir W{MIA GIBSsow CBnIG, formerly the member for Edinburgh, . presided. A. subscription was opened on the spot, and a sum of 4001. was at once coYiected, Sir WiLmd CRu&G and Mr. ADnuE BLACi, the sitting member, placing their names at the head of the list. The.subject matter Iin dispute, and the manner in which it was re- garded by the gentlemen present, will be at once understood from the following brief summary of the remarks made by Sir W=Au : CaeG on opening the business of the meeting . "The remarks of the Sctssman had only been free. bold, and open comments on the public conduct of Mr i 'Laren in taking part with the extraordanary coali- tion with which he then associated himself, there being an expreas reservation against any imputation being sup. posed to apply to his private character. The wosr& founded on had been used in the lheat of an excited contest and amid great provocation, and it it was in future to hbe held that such conduct of such public men wvas not open to such comments there was an ond to aU freedom of political discussion in Scotland. It would be impossible to express contempt at political apostacy, disgust at aban. doament of principles, or indignation at any coalition, I,however disreputable, without the danger of being brought before such a jury. He trusted that by the exibition of practical sympathy they should now mako they would convert the defeat of the Scotnman into a triumph, not only for that paper, but for the liberty of the press throughout the country." An attack upon the freedom of discussion comes with a singular ill grace from the Scotch Conservatives, for certainly they have more to answer for in the shape of personal abuse than any other seetion of writers in the kingdom. We can well remember-and, if our recollection were at fault, the recent republication of the Nortes Amlnbrosiance in a collected form would be sufficient to recali the circumstances to the nemory of us all-that testy period in tie political polemics of Scotland when any formi of vituperation was reckon'edfair as agaist a political opponent. The only difference betwveen tlhe efforts of Professor WirsoN- and the smaller fry of Scotch journaElsm was, that that eminent -writer prostituted talents of the highest order to the purposes of party abuse. It is most melancholy, now that the passions of the time have passed away, to turn over page after page of the most acrid abuse of statesmen and politicians, who, as events have shown, were as much in the right asProfessorWlnsoa andhis friends were in the wrong, wlhich is saying a good deal. Ti e Scotch Conservative writers of that period felt, howvever, no compunction or misgivings. Their only object was to deal the wound where it .would he most severely felt. Read at this distance of time, their strictures are more like the distempered ravings of as many mauiacs than the fair comments of political partisans. WTe can make every allowance for the heat of discussion, and no persons can know better than we do ourselves how much must be assigned to the inevitable necessity of instant action; but, with all this, 've much doubt whether the most violent democratic journals on the southern side of the Tweed have as 'mmuch vituperation and personal abuse to answer for as the most highly educated Conservative writers of Scotland a quarter of a century ago. The attach iupon the freedom of the press comes with a singularly ill-grace from aparty which owns suach antecedents. The determined support which the Scotch LibLerals are giving to the public writers who represent their opinions is deserving of the highest praise. The verdict against the Scofs man was unfair and oppressive, and the public in public meeting set it aside, There for the present, as far as tbis Scotch dispute is eoncerned,the matter may stana; but before 'taldng ieave'of the subject we would add a few words of advice to our own peculiar readers in the southern division of the island. Supposinc they could succeed in their judicious efforts to cripple the presss, iipon whom would they inflict the greatest injury-upon the press or upon themselves and their children T If men of ability and high feeling.- were driven from the press the work would surely be done by somebody or another, and we make bold to think Lthat the public would not gain much by the change if the conduct of the press fell into inferior and less scrupulous hands. It is very certain that when juries inflict on uis umnjust penalties they are simply engaged in the far-sighted operation of cutting thei own throats. We have little fear of such a conclusion, for the good sense of the country Will fuida a remedy for the evil before it has attained any serious. proportions; btLt if jurors could terrorize us into submission, and silence our daily denunciations of fiaud and iniquity, and our exposures of jobbery and incapacity, they would soon discover, to their 'cost, on whose sides their stabs had mainly told. We have no desire to see public sympathy in our own instaiice at any time take the form which it has just adopted in Scotland, but it is at all times gratifying to find that a blundering jury does not represent the feelings and views of the country at large.
The Monifem, of yesterday announces that on Thursday the-iEmperor received in a private audience Baron de Bruinow, Envoy Exvradinaiy oi the-Ernperorof Russia, who, on the part of. his Sovereign, presented to ELis MIajesty the Collar and the Order of St. Andrew. Prince Gortschakoff, Commander-in-Chief of the Ruessian armies, and captain Lisiansky, Aide-de-Camp of the Grand fluke Constantine, were also presented.to His ?dajesty. W Be have reason to believe that MIajor-General Charles Ash Windham, C.B., vil shnortly proceed to India to assume the cmmaund of a division of the Bengal army.-alobv. _ the Chancellor ofhe Exchequaer aclkowledges the receipt of the first halves of 2101. in bank-note3 (one note for 2001. No. 80,275; and one note for 101., No.SB,33S)for ucomtaxeroneouzlyreturned, rom "~ 0. O.2"
-XM1EICA,. - I~~ ~~ ~ ~~~~~~~~~~~ A E. = =. w 1 - (BE . (B, - - - L RPE'OOL. YXUDA EVxfG.R The Royal mail At sp Puen i3Ctai .- kdns,ilas arived with. advices from NewYotr3t the 6th inst. She brouglit $1,034,634 specion-freight. The-Persia has in this insnce 3nade the q*cl[eeS passage on record, the rznr ocupying only aboDit nIne days.-- The United States' mail stemship Atlautic, hence, the Washington from oufthaampton, and the Alps and Emeu fro0M Havre,adaarivea at-New York. In the Senate proceedlings were entirely of a local character. The House of Representativea, on the 2d, passed a bill, appropriating $1,100,000 for repairing andputting in order the fortifications on the seaboard and northern frontier. On -the 4th a resolution was agreea-to, providing for the appointment of a commissioner to run a boundarv line between Washington territory.and the British possessions under the Oregon treaty. This measure alwo received the sanction of tho Senate on the following -day. The President had decided not to employ the United States' forces against the. Vigilance Cominittee of San Francisco on the present application. The news from San Francisco is regarded as alarming. Br 1rooks, of South Carolina, had been unanimously re-elected, and hadtakenl his seat. The House of Representatives on the 1st inst. voted not to admit either Whitfield or Reeder to the contested seat from Kansas. This leaves the territory to make a nev election. 3fr. Herbert, of California, had resumed his seat, and made a speech in his jusdfication. The city of New York continues unusually healthy. The deaths for the wfeek previous to the sailing of the Persia were 746, of which 54 were children under five years of age. The yellow fever is at Quarantine, but does not show any sns of spreading beyond it. The election in Nicaragua resulted in the choice of General-Walker by a large majority; he received 16,S35 out of 23,23G votes cast. The steamer John Jay was burnt upo-a Iake George, with a loss of several lives. Havannah advices of the 25th -it. had arrived on the-previous day from Vera Cnra, bringing the peace ratifications. The British Mail steamer Conway sailed on the 2Ath for Vera Crnz. I The price of sugars had slightly declined. Exchange on London was-quoted at 4 per cent. premium. Freights were dull and lower. Newl York commercial advices state that businesa of nearly all desciiptions is characterized with that inaction invariably incident to this period of the year. The money-market continued easy, with a tendency to slightly higher rates. The stock-marketwas without any remarklable feature. Sterling exchange closed firm at the following rates .-Bills on London 9i to 3:) per cent.; bills on France were quoted at 5f. 15c. to 5f. 180c, Verylittle was doing in the cotton-market. New flour had been received, and the prices realized awere $7 75c. to $8 25c. for Ohio; $7 50c. to $8 for MIichigan ;and $8 50c. to $9 for Genessee. Scotch pig iron had been sold at $32 six months, but the market generally was dul. Freights to Great Britain had slightly improved, but in other directions there was no change to note. The news of the crops is favourable. The wheat is generally harvested. The drought has injured the corn in the States east of the Alleghauies, bat not as much in the Western States. A heavy rain prevailed the day before the sailing of the Persia.
TJE%I. EVE5T.We fIave collected returns of the wfheat crop from 207 districts scattered over the united kingdom, 193 roports of the barley crop, 200 reports of the oat crop, 137 and I12 xespectively of beans and peas, and 209 reports of -the green crops. Of the wheat, barley, and oat harvest ieports, 78, 68, and 78 respectively state the crop to be an average one; 1t4, tS, aud 96 respectively -ont it at above an average; and 1., 30, and 26 respectiv6lyat below an average. Bt this term, " average," requires a. word of enplaatiun. LA reporter may have honestly returned his crop as "average" for a long series of years, while every succeeding year has been an improvement on the last. An "average crop" in 1856 means a good dia more than was meant by " an average crop" in 189. The "average" of 10 years ending 1816 was a good deal under that of those which have since etapsed, and whet,, therefore, 78 out of 207 reporters state the present harvest to promise an "average" return of wheat, we must take their opinion of the present crop to be only that it does not promise a greater advance upon preceding crops than the rate of agricultural progress hitherto would lead us to expect. This, of' course, enhances the meaning of all the more favonrable reports as welL And here we m3y mention that among the 1.4 reports of the wheat harvest which we have said return it on above an average al those are classed 'hich use such terms as "gOOd" and "very good," "ilrsbtrat," immense," "£ f l average," .kc. Of course, in lnmping reports together in this wray the injustice is done of makdng a return, for instance;' from Dnmfriesshire or from J)enbigh of equal value wxith one fromn lIncolaswhire or ?Norolo. Thus ia Lincolnahire the erop is said to be "aiverage, good average, good average, average, heavy, over average, good, great breadth;" and in lNorfolk and Suok as Ifull average, average, hurt by ridge, varions, average, great breadth, average, good, talk of rnidge, full average, full crop, quite average, average, good average." We thinl-, then, that taing into account the extent of land, under wheat, which is undoubtedly much bevond an average, along with the generally favourable opmnion of the crop. we may be satisfied that there is now as large a qnantity of home-grown wheat withinthecountry a3 ithere ever yet has been. To bo sure, it is not all harvested yet, and the weather of the last few days has not been fastrateharvest weather. The corn, too, is very muchof itdeadrips, and there is a difficulty in finding hands to reap it fast enough. It has ripened all so fast that we have littre doubt the opinions as to harvest tinme which are given by our correspondents would all beputat four to ten days earlier thin they are printed here if they were given 'again. The hot dry weather of July and August has, however, been favourable to the crop, vnd the rains which have fallen latterly have done more good than harm to the country generally as yet. We quite believe therefore that the yield of wheat willprovean 'unusuallyproductive one. As to the other crops, we may shortly say that of the returns of the barley crop 30 put it as an average, 98 at over average, and 68 as under average. Of the oat crop reports 26 put it at average, 96 as -over average, and 78 as under average. The acreable produce of the barley crop is thus at least as much above an average-and we believe them both to be unusually good-as that of oats; but to the former must be added the consideration that so few acres of the barley crop probably never have been grown nashas been the case tmis year. The pulse crops are generally good, especially those of peas, and on the green crop returns We may just add that they refer esclusively to turnips, mangoa wurtzel, &c., not to grass and haynor to potatoes. They are generaly, it wll bs seen, uavourable. Asto the bTy erop, including the afrat cut of clover,pit has been unprecedentedly'well got, and abundawnt. The opinions we have had given us of the potato. crop are generally favourable. The diseaseis spoken of ina fewplaes but bynxo measu generally.-Apr-icu.' ural Gezettc. - Tuu5 Exron TnADu3 OF TH 1iOlor oF ErGrND. -The information afforded by .Bwrozesi!Erpot List as to~ the state of the export trade at the various north-eastern ports during the past month of July, 1856. may be regarded, onthe whole, as of an extremely satisfactory character. Though the returns in one or two instances show a slight diminution-in the export of coals and coke, as compared with the corresponding peeiod of lstyear, there is, on the other hand, an increase in the general mierchandise exports,which indicates a high stte of commercial and manufacturing prosperity. be subloin the retumrs for the four principal ports:- Total vilue of goods. exciusife or coals and eeoe, exported X E. JuIy, 1856 - ..-.0 Ditto, July, IBeS-. 75s46 Increase-. .. .. ,,3 9 SUiNnsZLAND. 'Total Traue ofgoods exported July, 16 .. .. .. ..,7 Ditto, July, lS 9.. . ,41 IH.verrnooI, nscLVaUro WBnr HAxrr.xrOoi. Ivotae value xe goods exprtedJul. 1856. 77.0Z7 DittD, JUIr, 18i5 .... .. .... o239 Sncreassa -- .. . . .. Tot valua of goods exported July, l55 . S7.078 Ditto; July,1 :,121 25-957 The exs frorn Iiddlusborough consist Exclusively' of iron, irising, no doubt, from the stimulus wvhich the ternination of .te war haa given to the costrnLcLtion of foreign railwys snd other works into which the consumption of iron largelV enters: The -large increase- observable in thc0o returns from West .Hartlepool is, we understand, ni%inly attributable to the recent opening out of an export and inport trade with the Baltic. whieb alrdy promises the most gratifying.resulte. The WestEartlepool Stea m Navigation Company now possess a fleet of six screw steaiers of great powrer anahigh classification, and theoperations of the com-. pany, if, as hitherto, steadily andperseveringly pursued, are by no means Lnlikely to change the cormmercial destinies oE this district. At all everts, the shipment in ODne raonth of merchandise to the value of nearly 80,000?. from a port which nine years ago had no I existen is not among the Ilcastrerarkable evidences of that pre-eninent spirit of penterprise'd energy which so strikingly exemplifies the Englih charater. . i
IUUoT CIRCULAR.. AUGUST 14. This day Her Maiesty the Queen and his Roysl Highness the Prince, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, the Princess Alice, anld Pxince Arthur, attended by Lady Churchill, the Hon. Beatrlce Byng, the Right Han. . Ia. bouchere, u1ajor-Genera1 Buckley, Captain Du Plat, and the Hon. C. B. Phipps, visited the dockyard and Xeyhain docks. Her Majesty was shown round the =rads by Admi-. ral SirWllimn Paxker, Rear.-A&miral Sir J. Plunaiidge, and the authorities of the dockyard. Her Majesty, the Prince, and the Roval Party then pro. ceeded to the Parade at Mount Wise, -,here the Queen, i- spected the troops under the command of Major-General Eden. The regimenlts reviewed were a battery of Artiller - the 34th and EOth Regiments. Her Majety and the Prince then returned to the Royal yacht. At a quarter before So'clock his Royal ghuIess the Prince visited the Devonport Sailork- Home. lis -RoyalHighness landed at Mouut Wise, and was conducted thense in the carriage of Admiral Sir W. Parker. His Royal Highness was received at the Home by the Committee and Secretary, and inspected minutely the establishment. - At 4 o'clock Her Majesty the Queen and the Prince, with the Prince of Wales, ihe Princess Royal, Princess Alice andPrince Arthur, went iL the Fairy Royal yacht up the Plym and vimsted Saltram. Admial Sir Willam Parker, Major-General Eden, UIeu- - tenant-Governor, atnd Rear-Admiral Sir J. Piimridge had the honour of dining with Her Majesty in the evening. Despatches were sent yesterday from tlir Colonial-office to the Governors of the North American provinces and the Governor of Bermuda. Despatches were received from the Governor of Canlada.
REPORT OF THE B BRrrsH FisHEnY Bo,tD.-The report of the Colmi8sioners of British.Fisheries forthe year 1855 was published a short time ago. It states that the retals forthe herring fishery for the past year show both an important and a prosoerous trade. A great quantity of fish has been taken,-the prices to al classes engaged in the fishery has been remunerative,-ard the markets both at hoDue and on the continenthave maintained a prom1s ngapearance throughout the year. The returns are the tht highest on record. In cured herrings they exceed by 130,141 barrelthe returns of 1S54, ie grss cure of lu 3ye r aving been 766,703, barrels aginst 6XW62 in l8t Of this vast cume there have been braded 280,581. bazrels, or mor than one-third of the 'whole quantity. Thu result is conclusive as to the saperior curing attained. Scotch herrings have further rsen in public favour on the continent; for tho export bLs exceedea by 106,136 barrels that of the preceding year, th exporn 1855 having been 344,029 barrels Aainst 237,893 in 15it Tlhs large export has arisenfromn noredundancy of produce, utfrou -the better position of the fslh in the markets abroad. The prosperity of the fisheries is telling fast on the fishing towns anid their inhibitants. The towns 7bginto show improved dwelling-honses, and shops are on-tho increase. At sea the advantage is still more conspicuous. The boats are larger, better constructed, and mnore eornplete. The social position of the fishers has began to rise, their services are more in request, and theyfind that skdll in fishling, lnowledge of the tides and haunts of fish, snd enter,orise are qualities whichcommandfor them thopositioa of artisansin other vocations. Accordingly the remunera. tion for their labour has advanced, and the fishermen have largely profited by the prosperity of the fisheries. The *value of good supply of hardy seamer from the fin district is dwelt on in the report before us, and a; more eorrectregistrvof fishernen is being organized with this object inviow. thecodandlingflaheries of Scotland showan in. crea of nearly 10,00 ewt. over those of 1854, -which 'were ag an increase over 1853. Avast deal more fish of ahizh charactercould, notwithtnding tha diadvantage ofr n os climte, be prepared, were there markets for the article. The abstract "boat acmount" shows that last yeae 31,74T7 ts, manned by41,602 shermen and boysr were employad in the shore curing department of the fisheries, and the tota iumbero! persons eogiged in the iisheries was i 94,155. being an increase, over 1854, of 1,243 fishers, s-nd 26,321 persons in the total number emnployedt_ -- grAIWAYBEA.-Thc M ginoiinl Bbrdeks;s of the I1th inst. publishes an acoo^ont of om e experiments made recently at Bordeaux to test - th invention of a M. Pelis. r for- stopping railway 'trains at full Epeed, - ve trias of the new invention were. made, nJd all AM 3eportea to have, been sttucoesfuL The first trial Was at the speed of S9 kilomtn e tht 'honr sad the trai 'wa3 brought to a est_ad-still at 27 metres. The second trial was at a speed of'46 iilemetres, with thme stoppage at 42 metres; the third at a speed ofS - kilometrers, stoppage at 50 metres; the fourth at a speed of 48 kiloinetres;,stoppage at 49 mnetre; the fifth at a speed of 49 kilometres. stoppage at 41 metres. Considering that, with the exsting system of breakae, stoppage of - a train is not effected without reersing the engine and slackening speed for ia ditnce of from M0 to 400 raetrej'liarsul ' was hailedI with satisfaction. by the speetators1. Th stoppage, moreover, toolk place withoat the slightest shock or oecilation. X 1'elissier's plan ocnsists not irL putting a break upon the wheels brnt in stooping the motion V selfofthe'whee which- ig not the isNm thing. This he effects by a verF silmple and ingenious piece Of Mechanisn. The rotatory motion of the wheels is immediately Stopped, and the train, after gliding along the rails for a short distance, stops from its own dead weight. Further expeiments are to take place shortly. SPIrTs.-Areturn, oved for byATr.Broth6rtoq% shows that in 1855 there, were distied in the whole of- thec unitedkdngdom27,48s,193ga.Uonsofepirite,aip>t25,033912 gallons ia 1854. 2641LS57 gallons in 183, 24423.202 gallons in 1852,-24,543,65T in 151, said 25 844,887 gallons 1Q 1830. OZ this quantity7 921,9gBanons were distilled in England, 11,28 ,636 stallons ia BxOtland, and 8d29 54 gallons it Irelapd. Ttih quantitvof spirits charged witL duty for oonsurmption- last yer- Great k`sitin I5 728,19 llons, and is, Ireland 6-22g,85 gillon. The to*el qoasitity of foreign and colonial~-pirits entered for I ,home conmption in t1he zeited ingdom ast Ye.r ! mounted to 4.788 68r all,rns of£which 4,457,455-entered - j ngland, adl192,l48Seoladad 139,084 galonsIrela,
- fOREIG-q IKTBELIGBNOIR. -. nA WE. (BOmX OUR OWL? IORb ¢lA.ya pj A -tcey o nng appeared i bur secoild PARIS, THUuSDAy, 6 ir., I have received, from' a source which I consider 1 truSortITy, somecurious no.es concerningl the origin I nd ramifications of the celebrated secret society of I thOMarianne. Thissociety was formed,sibsequently to the events of December, 1851, bv those Socialist CWefs Lm the departmentes who had ecaped transportation, and who felt the necessity of reviving the revolutionaxy- element and of disciplining democracy in the masses. Its chief founder was the Montagnard fand ex-deputy for the Upper Loire, Martin BernardL T3 man, an associate of Barbts in. May, 1839, -enjoyed among his party the reputation of a remarkable talent for organization. As one of the founders of the secret society of the-Seasons he had displayed great tenacity and coolness. When he was arrested, some months after the 12th of MSay, 1839, he ras found busycomposinathe elementsand fixinatiie bases of a new secret society, although the reent defeat of his party might well have made him beitave its reconstitution impossible. Colipelled to flight after the affair of the Consenatury in 1849, he nevertheless, under all the dikadvantages of exile, supplied, with the assistance of Felix Pyat and of corme others, the whole political organization of the Marianite, which was adopted, tow ards the niiddle of 1852, by the- principal ehiefs of the !)emacratie party both in and out of France. The name of the society, which has given rise to so many conjectures, arose from a password current -ong the initiated. The idea of the founders was :to oppose to the military dictatorship instaled in ])ecembar, 1851, a revolutionary dictatorship, a vast .Jacquerie, including all France, combmning the scat-Leed memboers of the secret societies, trained to act -a single man at a given signal. To carry out this echeme it was necessary to abolish, or rather to .:bsorb, all rival and analogous associations, and ae-cordingly instructions were given to repudiate the names of these and to assume no paiticular designation until further orders. Meanwhile the sign of recognition, given by the chiefs without any particular importance being attached to it, consisted in the qpuestion, "Do you know Mother 3Iarianne ?" and in the reply, "Yes, she has good wine, and she is well." This was subsequently abridged to the queslicn, "And Marianmel" andthe reply "Well." NTo other nme being given, -this vast web of secret societies ended by takiDg its title from this trivial watchword. The objects proposed by the JIarianne are the overthrow of the Bonaparte Government, the proclaration of the democratic and social republic, and the triumph of the -working classes. To attain such great ends little scruple is shown as. to the means. The assassination of the Emperor has been, and still is, authorized, and may even be enjoined. 5he burning of Bonapartist houses and property, or of domains belonging to notorious members of the reactionary party, is authorized in case of need,-recommended in case of resistance. It has been said that pillage is permitted, but this does not appear in the instiructons given by the chiefs of the society. Every member of this revolutionary and subversive league must devote himself to it body and soul, and must be prepared to sacrifice his property and family to the success of the cause. He must be ready to take up arms and. to' march to the fight, -without question or hesitation, at the command of his chiefs. If the society decides that the Emperor -of the French or any other personage is to be sacrificed, the associate to whose lot it shall fall must put side all personal considerations, and strike the victim pointed out to him. If he be discovered and crrested, his duty is to die silent and keep the secret of the Marianne. Such is the sanguinary and desperate programme of this formidable society. According to the best information obtainable, the ramifications of the Marianne are very widely spread, and exist, in the form either of regular secret societies orof small groups of adepts and propagandists, wherever revolutionary clubs existed previously to 1852. It is believed that, dating fromi the latter months of 1855, the Marianne was organized throughout France, and certain judicial data tend to prove the correctness of tnis belief. T he best way to trace its existence and proceedings is to follow the revolutionary acts and schemes that transpired before the tribunals. T'hese indicate its great e on. Iu September and October last the workmen in the slate quarries of Angers and of Pont de C9 were tried as belonging to the Marianne; three were .-condemned to transportation and 47 others to various terrms of imprisonment. In January last 2depts of the same society were arrested at Chatelherault, Angoulime, 2?ort, Saintes, Poitiers, and their asciation was tracedto Chauviguy, Mirebeau, Neuville, and other places. As recently as the month of June the tribunals of Blois Proceeded against members of the Marianne, to whom their attention had been directed by circumstances attending the suicide of avinedreaser of La Grivelieze. In theinveatigation of the causes of this man's death it appeared that for some time past he had fallen into a state of singular despondency. He had confided its cause to several persons, and from the evidence' of these it appeared that he had been induced, under the influence of drink, to take a terrible Republican oath on the blade of a freshly ground knife. He had bound himself to help to upset the Govermnent and proclaim the Republic-to obey the orders of the Mountain-to abandon father and mother, -children and sisters, and even to get rid of them in case of need-to lend no assistance if he heard the cry of fire, unless it was a brother in the Marianne whose property was burning. 'The password. was " Bread," and the reply, " God wills it !" In consequence of these revelations -several persons were condemned. Again, about the 15th of June a number of persons, including a barrister and a physician (the former an ex-member of the Constituent Assembly), were arrested at St. Etienne. at Rive de Giers, at Lyons, at Vienne in Dauphisiy, and at Macon. Mmany of these were sent to Lyons. Since then, it isasserted thatproofshave been obtained that the working tinmen of La Chaume, near the Sables d'Olonne, the workmen of Rthouars and d'Argenton-Chateau, in the Two Sevres, the tailors and shoemakers of Poitiers, the manufacturers of arms of Chatelherault, the slate-quarriers of Angers and its environs, the iron- founders of Imphy on the Lower Loire, the depart- mnents of Ardche, Ari,ge, and Var, and especially the manufacturingtowns on the Loire, the Rhone, and the Saone, besides various manufacturing centres in the north, east, and south, are incorporated in the Marannr7e, or at least closely connected with it. In the different trials some singular statements have been made and sworn to as facts by the witnesses. Thus, at Angers one of them declared that the Marianne had a director and a secretary in every department, and added that, of all the slate. quarriers of Maine et Loire, there were perhaps not 10 who were not affiliated to the society., Concerning the form of the oath and the obligations accepted by those who enroUed themselves the testimony of the different deponents is pretty uniform. It comprises the usual terrifying paraphernalia of such associations; the midnig,ht meetings in lonely places, the eyes bandaged, the naked dagger pre- sented to the throat, and the solemn threat of instant I death in case of disobedience. The points chiefly in- sisted upon are the foundation of the social and de-' mocratic republic, abandonment of family ties, instant compliance with given signals, and the murder of the chief of the State, should that be ordered. Although a sketch of a society of this Idnd must nCeessariy be imperfect, sufficient facts alp pear to have been positively ascertained to remove all doubt that the Mfarianne is either constituted or in embryo throughout the greater part of France. It may not, and itis to be hoped never will, ventuis upon a general manifestation or attain the sanguinary and abominable ends it proposes, nevertueless it is most noxious and dangerouLs in it3 resilts, since it tends to corrupt the working classes both in town and country, and becsose, even if it attempted insurrection and were crushed-@t would leave a numeroues and ignorant class deeply imbued. with revolutionary in incts. It ssaid that the Frenh Government at first paid little attention to it, and a reason assigned for this neglect is, that it has taken comparatively little root in Paris and even in Lyons, where, as in some other important cities, the secret sO- cieties of older date were not willing to allow themselves to he absorbed by it. It is beleved, however, that the inister of the Interior has begun to bestow greater attention upon this certainly not tnimportat subject.. Another society has latey bnpoken of, under the name of the Pare de F7am92, having ts chief diretors at Paris and Lyons. Some of its members have, I believe, already been prosecuted at St, Etienne. Its aims are said to be nearly the same as those of the Maeriune, but it does not talce instruetionifrom the chiefs of that societv. It is dividedinto groups of, five, each of whichoUeyi a chief, kown as thePre de Famille. Each associateklnows only The men of-his group orascotion, and is swrorn to tak;e -up arms at the first saumoris. - The orders -of --tliU supreire committe-e are transmitt&1 by the delegates of Paris and L.ous It has been conjectured that this society is iiltended as in somo degree auiI opposition t;o the ?wile eote and that, perhaps, itsI tendewncies are less vi-ient and reprehensible. hIn this respect it might be useful, .is tending to weaken the Mari= nTe and tt detach from its ranks thoi demoorats who, wrhile *villing enough to contribute to the overthrowr of tbe preen' system anld the establishument of a-republic, would yet stop short-of the savage Jacquterie proposed by the last named association. Senor 3uro, an -eiploly$ of the Madrid Foreignoffice, has Arrivedl here to assume the duties of Secretary of Ein'-.sy, most efficiently fulfilled under the late Ambassador by Senor Espania. The new secretary is saidl to be a person of intelligence and &pacity. Man.ha]i Serrano will remain a few days at Bayonne, >>here he has friends, before coming to Paris. There is no news of any interest from Spain to-day. -Thv correspondence of aforeign | journal positively conti-adicts the statement that Senor Martinez de la lItosa is to be appointed Ami: bassador at Rome. That diplomatist is now at a very advanced age. and it is not improbable that he may be indisposed again to accept the cares of office. The distributioin of prizes to the pupils of the - Mlaison Imperiale vapoleon at St. Denis took place yesterday. Thv Empress, under whose patronage the educational establishmients of the Legion of Honour are placed, had signified her gracious intention to preside at the ceremony, and the greatest zeal was displayed by both directresses and pupils to give Her Majesty a w orthy reception. The Em.press left St. Cloud by the Imperial yacht. A catriage was in waiting at the lauding-place at St. Denis, which Her M.Tajesty entered, and reached the Maison imperiale at a little after 2. The Yoltigeu-s of the 2d Regiment of the Imperial Guard were drawn up on either side of the streeta through which the Imperial carriage passed. Her Majesty, on alighting, was received by the Duke de Plaisance, Grand Chancellor; General NMaizi6re, Secretary-General; the Baroness Daumesnil, the Superintendent; and the other ladies of the establishment. Her Majesty was conducted into the saloon, where the chaplains, physicians, and professors of the Maison Imperiale and the civil and military authorities of St. Denis had the honour of being presented. After a short repose, the Empress proceeded to the hall, where the ceremony of the distribution was to take place, and on her entrance was received by the assembled pupils with loud cries of "Yire PUmx7rat,-ice!" " Vice t'.mpcreur!" "Five lec Pri.nce 7nil The ceremony was opened by a cantata, sung by, the pupils, after which the G}rand Chancellor ad-' dressed Her MIajesty as followvs: "Madame,-The emotion of our young pupils, their eager looks fixed on your Majesty, their lively acclamati,wa on yoar arrival, and which respect alone has kept within bounds, testffy better than words can do the happiness which they feel at the so much desired presence of their august protectress. In the midst of the delights of this day, it is a pleasing duty which the Grand Chauncolor has to perform,-that of reudering an account to your Majesty of the results of the scholastic year which has just finisLed. They have been most satisfactory. The Legion of Honour, the conception of that great man who founded the Napoleonian dynasty, has been tried by different vicissitudes which threatened its very e:dstence, but, like every. thing that is grand, noble, and generous, it has survived them alL It again finds in the Prince to whom France owes order, glory, peace, and prosperity, the same interest and the same solicitude. He has furnished the most striking proof of it by giving as protectress to its education3a establishments the mother of the Prince Imperial, te object of so much love and so much hope." Different pieces of vocal and instruimental music were then performed with great taste and talent, after which Her Majesty called for those pupils who had most distingtuished themselves, embraced them, and, when handing to them the medals of honour, promised that she would send to each a soeureair of her satisfaction. After the distribution of the prizes was over the Empress examined the exhibition of the diferent works of the pupils, with which Her Majesty expressed her perifect satisfaction, and congratulated the different professors on the progress of the pupils. The Empress was afterwards conducted to the chapel, where the pupils sang the Domit7e fac salums, at the conclusion of which Her Majesty returned to tne salon, where a depuitation of the pupils was in waiting to present a counterpane | which they had embroidered for the cradle of the Prince Imperial. At 5 o?clock Her Majesty reentered her carriage, and left amidst the renewed acclamations of all present. The Moaiteur publishes a decree fixing the following as the honouirs to. be paid by the navy rhen visited by the Emperor, -the Empress, the Prince Imperial, or the Princes and Princesses of the Imperial fa0mily:- "Whenthe Emperor arrives in a pert or roadstead the vessels of war at anchor are to be dressed out with flags, and to fire three rounds from each of their gums the moment the Imperial flag is seen. At the same moment the yards i are to be manned, and as the Emperor passes each vessel the crew are to salute with seven cries of Ore I asereur r the guard presenting arms and the drums beating the usuai salute. If hi Mjesty goes on board, the admiral or sin peneor officer in command and the captain of the vessel are to meive His Majesty at the foot of the Ladder, and accompany him until his departure. The offeers of the vessel are to range themselves on the side of the deck by which His Ynjesty enters the ship and salute with their swords. The paTt of the crew not on the yards are to be drawn up along the deck with their heads uncovered. As soon as the Emperor has entered the vessel the Imperial flag is to be hoisted at the main, ana the er are to salute with seven cries of ' Frve PZ'npereur;' to be taken up and repeated by the other vessels. Tne same honours are to be paid when the Emperor leaves the vessel. The admiral, or superior officer, and the captain are to accompany His Majesty to the foot of the ladder, and the vessel is to fire a salute from all her guns when His Majesty leaves the side. If the Emperor goes on board another vessel the same honours are to be paid, but the seven cries of 'Voce sEmsperetr r' are only to be raised by the crew of that vessel. When the Emperor quits the roadtead all the vessels are to fire the sane salute as on his arrival. T'e vessel or boat on board of which Hlis Majesty is embarked will not return any of the salutes, Similar honours are to bepaid to tho Empress and to the Prince Imperial. The Princes and Princesses of thc n- peral family axe to be received with the same salutes from the guns of the vessels, maning, of yards, &O., but with only five cries of IVze I'Em;ereur 1, instead of seven. When the Pxivces andPrincesses of the family of the Emperor visit a naval port the Minister of the Mrarine will give special directions as to the honours to be paid to them." On the occasion of the f4k of the 15th 584, military prisoner have experienced the clemency of th Emperor. Of these, the remission of the remainder of their sentence has been granted to 274, and the remaining 310 have had their periods of imnprisonment reduced. The Emperor also, on the occasionof the same solemnity, has extended his clemency to 493 civil prisoners, who had been pointed out to Hiis Majests notice by the Miister of Justice as having acquired a claim to this indulgence for their repentance or from the situation of their families. Out of the above number 240 have received full pardon, and the others have received commutations or reductions of their pu-ishment The whole number of prisoners who have had their position thus ameliorated on the recommendation of the Yinister of Justice, on the occasion of the accouchement of the Empress, the baptisrm of the Prince Imperial, and the f9te of the Emperor, excoeds 2,300. The Imperial exeqwat4r has been granted to the Yollowing Consular agents:-M. Ferrari, as ConsulGeneral for the Holy See, at Marseilles; M. Pavan, Constul for Portugal, at Algiers; M. Gevers Van de Vyver, for Belgium, at Htavre;M. de Jove y Hevia, for Spain at Perpignan; and M. Poydenot, for Saxony, at B3ayonne; DI. Postal, Vice-Consul for Sardinia, at Cherbourg; and M. Rossi, for the Two Sicilie4 at Bonifacio. In addition to the Imperial decree nominating Marshal Pelissier Dake de Malakhoff, a bill is to be presented to -the -LegIidative Body for granting a dotation of 100,000f. a-year to this title. A Council of Iinisters at which the Emperor presided, was held yesterday morning at St. Cloud. The followfing private teegraphic despatches have been received.- I uoff "ST. PETEESBURG, AVG. 13. ' official amouncement has appeared in the journals that the Rusan troops were redy to evAute Kis and the Ottoman territoi^, and that they have -reeived orders to retire to Alexandropol." ` 1"E EN, AUG. 13. "A letter from St. Petersburg, of, the 6th, states that a newv uase had been publshed, grantiDg fresh facilities to the importation of foreign merchandise." -''gAI)RIDAnoG. 13. "The Gaezee publishes decrees appointing hL Pacheco Minister of Spain at london, and ix Souza at Turin. "The permission to import wheat and flour into Spain is extended to June, 1857." - The IEsd9pandaesoe Belge publishes the following letter, dated Hamburg, 11th instanat;.- "Mf. Thiers, who arrived here last evening from Berlin, went this morning to meet the Count de Paris and the Duke de Chatres at - the Hanover railway station. The Princes are accompanied by Ccunt de Montguyox and Captain Morin. The Duchess of Orleans did not accompany her sons to Hamburg, having parted with them at Hanover, and returned toBisenach.. Her stay at Hamburg, in the immediatevicinity of feceklenbmrg-Schwerin,mighthave annoyed that Dacal Conrt, which has not forgotten the strong opposition offered by the late GrandaDuke of Meeklenburg to the marriage of the Duchess with the eldest son of King. Louis Philippe. Since then it does not appear that fanily relations between the present reigning Dake ana the Duchess of Orleans have been re-cstablished on a cordial footing. Be this as it may, the Duches of Orlevis did not think proper to show herself at Hamburg. It now remains to be seen whether her. two sons, the Count de Paris and the Duke de Chartres, will avail themselves of their presence- here to visit their relative the Grand Duke of Mecklenburg, who is at this moment, with his Court, at a bathing place named Oberau, within half a day's journey by railway of Hamburg.- The preyarations mnade at the Victoria Hotel, where the two Princes, of Orleans alighted with-M. Thiers,- would seem to indicate that they intended to iemain s6me time at Hamburg. The Count de Paris will probably reside here untilthe 24thins., the date of his majority, and the important document he is - to pablish at that period will, in that case, makle its first appearance at Hamburg. It is belieced also that duringet stay. of the Princes of Orleans in our city they will be waited upon by a certain number of French personages. The early arrival of the Duke de Nemours and Price de Joinville is also spoken of, the latter having extensive dealings with some of our commercial houses, relative to the colonization of the immense tract of country possessed by the Prince in the province of San Francisco, in the BrazUss" The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. 15c. for the end of the month3; the Four-and-a-Hlf per Cents., at 95f. 2bc.; and the lNew Loan at 71M. 5c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,425f. ; Great Northern, 1,067f. 50c.; Strasburg. 950f.; New Shares, 862f 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,437f. S0c. ; Lyons to theMediterranean, 1,830.; Western of France, 972f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, S10f.; Great Centralof France, 712f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 815f.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, :1,625f.; Austrian Railways, 892f. 50c. Cours AuMhe7diqm-PAMS, Aug. 14-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 leas), 94f. SOc. 95f. 95E. 25c. 50c.; ditto ILan of 1855 (70 per cent. 3ad) 95f.- ditto Certificates (70 per cent. paid), 95f.- per Cents., 70f. 95c. 90C. 71f.; ditto Loan of 1855 (70 percent. paid), 71f. 70f. 95c. ; ditto Certificates (70 oer cent. paid), 71f. 70E. 95c.; Bank of France, 4,150f.; Credit Fonier, S70f. ; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 87£. 50c.; Prom. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930'f. Credit. | hiobilier, 1,'17f. 50c. 1.62Sf. ; Discount Bank, 700f. 695f.; PiedmonteseFiveperCents 90f iOc.; Austian Five Per Cents., SS; Bente de apIes |Rot5schild's), 112f. 7&c.; Romans, 88; Sansh The per Cents., 44; ditto Interior Debt, 89Q, Excbange.on Londons, at-sight, money, 25L. 27ec.; three months, money, 2Sf. :RUSSIAI (EROis OUR BDRETaN O coroxnxsr.) BERLWN, AUG. 13. The concessions lately made by the Russian Government for the facilitation of the import of foreign goods, which, in thie oracular brevity of the telegraphic despatch, seemed to be equally capable of meaning very much or very little, resolve themselves into thelatter upon nearer acquaintance with the Customs' ordinances to which the despath referred. They consist of the following:-1. Fer goods imported over the land frontier, and which are intended to be deposited in the bonded warehouses, a space of five days is in future to bo allowecd for the -delivering in of the declarations of contents, &c. 2. Whenever the Department of Foreign Trade has, in conformity with the existing requirements, granted to a merchant a written permission to avail himself of bonded warehouses, it will inform the import Customs' officers of the fact, and instruct the authorities of the bonded warehouse: in question to admit the said merchan to the enjoyment of the privilege of depositing in bond.-- In a private letter from St. Petersburg it is affirmed that Austria had caused very urgent remonstrauces to be made in St. Petersburg concerning the points of difference that have lately arisen between the Russian Government and those of the Western Powers. The St. Petersburgers themselves seem disposed to deny the existence of any differences at all, and to prwfess to wonder how the entire European press comes all of a sudden to assumne this tone towards Russia. In another letter it is stated positively that " The occupation of the Ile of Serpents, that is so much talked of, is nothing more than the lighting up again of the lighthouso by the Russians for the accommodation of nav1gation." Some further alleviations of the irksome passport system have just been introduced; in fature, passpors will be issued by the local authorities throughout the empire, whether civil or military governors or heads of m unicipalities; it is no longer to be compulsory on a Russian would-be traveller of any rank that he should apply for his passport in St. Petersburg. Instructions have also been forwarded to the different Russian missions abroad to grant fronfierpassports to the subjectsof otherPowers than Prussia, forother purposes alsothanthe mere regulation of busines or family matters the reg,ulation had already existed thlat Prussians livin within three leagumesof the frontierehould obtainpernisonfrom the Russian Consuls for them to cross the Russian frontier for some little distance on urgent matters of business without the formality of passports, wbich required reference to the Embawsy in the capital; now this facility is to be extended to other than Prussians and for other than the most urgent pirposes. These extended facilities appear to be prompted by the necessity of getting a supply of skilled labour. In spite of the very careful explanations that your columns have contained as to the nature of the late so-called amnesty, a considerable number of emigrants cont-inue to misuderstand it, and, without waiting to have their casEes adjudicated on, and permissions grated them to return, repair at once to Russia or Poland,. as the case may be; the consequence is that many of them have found their way into prison as offenders. The Ii'ord mentions that among the many representatives of foreign capitalists or comDanies a M. Julien, representing a company of French capitalistws, at the head of whom the house of Rothschild stands, has succeeded in obtaining from the Government the concession of a railroad 4,000 verats long, the line and direction of which, however, have yet Lobe indicated; the concession is to be for 99 years, and 5 per cent. interest is to be guaranteed. The qfficial programme of the ceremonial to be observed at the coming coronation is divided into five parts:-l. The solemn entry into Moscow from the Palace Petrowsld 2. The public procla3mation, which wil be made to the people for three days previous to the coronation. 3. -The decoration of the Cathedral of the Acension (Uspenski Sobor), in which the ceremony will take place. 4. The coronation itself, and this is the longest of al the parts; and a . the decoration of the saloon i3i the old Pa1ace of the Czars, the Kremlin. In this saloon there wil be a ball given, as also in the Alexander Saloon in the Alexander Palace; there are also to be ainasquerade and supper at the -Palace, festal -performances at the theatre, feasting, and other entertainents for the people, and frewor3is. The entrance into Moscowv will be preceded by a signal of nine guns, and will be accompanied by the ringing or rather striking of the bells of the CathedrMof the Ascension. The procession itself wil consist of a squadron of Cossacks of the Gaard of the Black Sea and a squadron of Co=ssac of the Guard; the representatives of the high nobility, two and two on horseback and in uniforii, headed by the Iarshal of the nobility of the circle of Moscow, and delegates from the diferent Asiatic tribes or peuplades subject to the Russiau sceptre, two and two on horseback; the Emperor on horseback, followed by the Minister of the Imperial House, the Minister of War, an Adjutant-General, a General it i suite, and. one Adjutant on duty; the Grand Dul;es (with the exception of the Grand Duke W lWdimir Alexandrowitsch), Prince Nicholas of Leuchtenberg, Prince Peter of Oldenburg, and the foreign Princes, all on horseback; and after them come all the (enerals and Adjutauts, also on horseback. -Tie Empres A=othir then follows in a gilded carriage of state, suhnm6unted by an Impenal crowfn;and drawn -by eight h6rsei, each ledby a groom ;' then-the reigning Empress, with the Grand lDuke'- Wladi nnr, -in similar earriago, followed by the- Grnd -Duchesses aid the Prineess -of- Oldenburg.' As soon as'the- Emperor enters Moscow 71 (,tlda f the Ascension 85-gun3 will7salute thema. -At the exnmll they will be received by 'the clergy. The,first Marshal of the Coronaion :&d -the members of the compiirof the1Palaco v,ill hand the Einperor bread and salt, and while this is going on. 101. guns will be fired. The whole day long the 'bells bwi4s and-ill the Xevenixg there is to be an illumination. - - The proclamation, is to be reaa at 35 different places, gates, bridges, &c., in Moscow, and distri- Iuted among the peope1; its general sense is as follows -The Emperor lexander Nicols.jowitsch, who has ascended the throne of his fathers, cornmands that his coronation and anointment shall take place on the 26th of the month of Augast (Sept. 7), and that his consort shall participate init. It then enjoins the subjects, on that auspiciouS day, to implore the blessing of Hleaven on the Eimperor's reign, and especiaUly to pray that peace and traqillity may abide in the empire.,: ' The day of the coronation will be a-uounced to the foreign Ambassadors by the masters of ceremonies in state carriages. In the Church of the Ascension the throne of the Czar Johann III., the conqueror of Novogorod and the liberator of the land from the yoke of the Tartars, is placed for the Emperor, and for the reiTung Empress is placed that of the'CzarllMichael Ee orottsch (the first of the house of R6manof) On the right of the Emperor's throne there is placed for the Empress-Mother a canopy' with the throne of the Czar Alexis Michaelowitsch, the father of Peter the Great. These thrones have never yet been used for this purpose. At 7 o'clock on the morning of the day of the coronation 21 guns will be fired. The Empress Mother, wearing the Imperial mantle1 and her crown on her head, will repair to the cathedral with the Grand Duke, heir to the throne. 101 guns will indicate the conclusion of the coronation and anointment. Before the commencement of the entertainment in the Granowitaja Palata the Minister of F.inance will hand to thetwo Empresses,the medals struck in commemoration of the coronation, and emnploygs attached to that department will distribute them to those present of both sexes. The table for the Imperial Family and the foreign Prinices will be laid in that part of the palace called the Taisek, or secret chamber. For three days after the coronation there are to be bells pealing all day and illuminations in the evening; and onone of the days there will be small money distributed to the people at 20 different places as they come ouit of church. ITALY. A telegraphic deqpatch dated Bonifacio, 'the 12th, at half-past 2 in the 'afternoon, states that the electric cable had nlot been then got up, but that no doubt was entertained of the success 6f the efforts made. Hopes were entertained that the vessel would be able to resume its course towards Algeria the next day. The Turin journals of the 11th inst. announce that General della Marmora had invited General Canrobert, in the name of the King, to visit that capital. According to letters from Naples, the army was greatly disaffected to the Government. The King's real and only supporters are the Swiss troops, who number about 10,000 men, while the national force amounts to 80,000. The Swiss consist of four regiments, bearing the names of their respective colonels, Messrs. Schaub, Surd, Wolff, andc Wittembach; of the battalion of Chasseurs Von Michel; and a field battery of eight guns. To these troops has, the King exclusively confided the guard of the Royal Palace and of the Forts del Ovo, Santelmo, and Castelletto. It appears, positive that the 1st Regiment of Grenadiers attempted a pronuncinamento, that it was removed fromn Naples to Capua, and thence to the different, forts Of the Terra de Lavour. One battalion was stationed at Gaeta. The 4th battalion of Chasseurs at Pescara had commiitted acts of insubordination of a most reprehensible character.. This spirit of mutiny was caused by the extraordinary predilection of the KSing for the Swiss mercenaries, by the too frequent recurrence to 'corporal1 punishmnents, and to the state 2 inferiority in which the, army is placed with regard to the police, wh;ich at Naples is authorized to enter the barracks and arrest both officers and men. Ferdinand of Bourbon will never agree to anv compromise with the ConstitutionaliAts. He wifl die a mnartyr to the ideas of the old vegfirne, of which he is the most energetic representative. If obliged to yield, he will abdicate in favour of his son, the Duke of Calabria, who wrill publish a constitution. The Neapolitan Government has found a vindicator of its policy in the author of a small pampl-let, w-ritten in French, entitled The Iictaica QueStion, and addressed to Lord Palmerston and the WYhigs. The writer says, that if the King of Naples has been of late so unjustly assailed, it was because he had on all occasions maintained the independence of Italy against the encroachments of England. During the last 25 years His Sicilian Majesty had to contend against everybody-against the Revolutionists and the Liberals- against the Carbonari and the Prince of Capua-against the Sulphur Company and cholera-against MIazzini and Garibaldi, &c., and he, of course, always came off triumphant. The first Italian army, the bestf Italy ever had since the Rcoman legions of old, is the Neapolitan army; the finest fleet in the MIediterranean and Adriatic after the French fleet is the Neapolitan fleet; the most flourishing finances in Europe are those of Naples ; the first statesme n in Italy are Princes Carini, C3astelcicala, Fortunate, Antoniini, and Serra Capriola, &;c. The iEuropean re~volution in 1848 was overcome because the King of Nfaples subdued Sicily. The French would not have entered Rome in 1849 if the Neapolitian army had not assisted them. Naples saved Italy, Austria, E:urope, &c. Such is the substance of this strange panegyric, wvhich breathes from beginning to end the mnost inveterate hatred ofEEngland -
Sir. A. ALISON.-What is a history? or, rather, what should it be ? Is it or ought it to be a true record of facts and an intelligent and dispassionate commentaryupon them, or a huge political pampblet, in which facts are misstated, omitted, or perverted, in order to support some political, religious, or economical theory? We have beea requentIlyinauced to ask ourselves these questions when reading the works of a modern author, who las been aptly, if not very good-naturedly, clhsracterised by another author, as " Mr. Wordy, the great historian, 'who wrote a History of Europe in 49 volumes qoarto;" and our scraples have beernrenvved on finding that thhe "great historian," instead of inditing quarto volumes, has been speailrng history at a meeting of a mechanics' institution. Sir Archibald Alison -for we need hardly say that it is to him that we referbeing on a visit to theo Marchioness of Londonderry, at Seahu-hall,. took that opportunity of instilling historical Imowledgo into the mindsof the members of *'the Seaham Mechanica' Institute," in a manner which forcibly reminds us of some of the chapters of his sapolementary History of Europe. Sir Archibald, as everyhody knows who is at aIl acquainted with his writings, is a veryhigh Tory, and a keen advocate for inconvertible paper money; and almost every page of that work bears a stron"' impress of his, opinions on these subjects, by the way In which he deals with facts bearing upon them. Among other things in his first chapter, he asserts thal ,our Indian -empire, numbering 10D,010,000, men among its subjects, has been brought to the verge of ruin by the assault of the Sikhs !" At what period the Indian empire was placed in this perilous position by an enemy who never won a single battle, the great historian does not condescend to inform us. Pbobably the most absurd of his assertions is that, "Ina Asnerica siuch hss been the distress produced by the alternate expansion and contraction of the currency, that it has exceeded anything recorded in histoy, and swept four-fifths of its realised property away.". This statement necessarily impLies that four-lfth of all those things which constitute the " realised wealth" of the country-the products of it5 soil and its workshops, thehouses and other buildings, the railroads and canal, and the thousand other elements of wealth-had been annihilated in some inexplicable manner by changes in the value of the currenc. Sir Archibald did not mean this, certainly; he meant only to.make a slashing assertion, without caring particularly what might be its lteral signification. In the speech with which Sir Archibald Alison has been enlightening the mechanics of Seaham, he makes many statements, equally astounding with those which mark ixi writtmen history. .It will be something new to persons conversant with the events of the last quarter of a century to lea.n Ihat Rus3ia conquered Persia and besieged Elerat, in consequence of the reductions which took plaUe'ia 1835-6, seeing that there has been no Wa between Russia and Persia since 1827; and thAt no Russa force was ever aeen in the neighboorhood of Herat, either at the period referred to by Sir Archibald Aiison, or at any other -time.. The worthy baronet must hare been dreaming when he uttered these things. May we hope that he will wake up before publishing another voluTae of his history, and that he will pay a litUe more. attentiorn to precise facts, and a littlo less to his politicoa and eco. noaical thories?-MefanchV4ag greardjan.
GMYXRAL kMRTY £JD- N WICK i, .- ~WILLIAM TO T EOL O ELTIES. Sir,,-I enBkie a copy of - letter wbhiIt I hawve addrea-ed to Gen6eral jlljamg and wicam I am dedirous of, maldngpublio thiougsh the channel -of 'your olumns.. - T remain. Sir. vonrohedient ve.n¶; - _ I;: GEOR.GE XMETY, liteMunga;ean Geulera2 "Beiks, Ang. L. "Sir,-Xe one can better approcigte than myself the services whichyou rendered at Erzeroomi and KaTs. ' "Aslongas 'those services called forth the planjdits of your country, without allusion to the services which it was in ary power to renderduringthe same camnpaigns, Ifeltin '-no wai'diiposed -to- breask "he reserve which is habitual to rue on such subjects. But now thatl see by the miew s ynamo auded to you in public, Ifeelit a duty to my military rerutation- to make somae remarks. - *"On your arrival at Xars in the.autinmn of 184you reliev in" m from the oitpost duties which Lad been in. triusted to me with the Iriigular Corps during nine maontha, 'without the intermissio-of asingle dUy, and irn which my strength and constitution had necessry suffered severely. You placed'me, at my request,. in coamand of a division of the armv, and you supported the erercise of ty authorityin that pofitioa with allthe ireight of an,influence such asxuo otherluropean officer everenxjoyed ie this country. At length, .*hdn thevord. 'surrender' was uttered for tihe fslt time, You:enibled "'eto leave-the beicagter'ed garison on grounds persoma' ;to myself. For -ll t'is- my alcinow4 ledgrieent- are due, and far be it from me to 'withhold thea. - "NoNw, howbver, a newaspect is given to our mnutual relations by'on of you pbblished speeches4 if correctly reported. After mcntioning Colonel Lake, an engineer ol great merit the lamented Captain Thompson, 'Whose prems. tare demiws is by me as by all regretted, the young )iajor Teesdae,whose valour and coolness give the best promis, Fur. ChurchiD, agentleinan wiO doubtles renderedyonuim. portant service in his functions' of secretary, and, finaLLy, D)r. Saudwith, an able aDd indefatigable physician,-after bestowing on all these, I say, A well-deservod mneed of praise, you introdace my name,as if half-forgotten, and asif of one who had contributed but little to the events of the caIIpaigns. Iuder these circumstances I can no longer keep silence without losing my self-respect, aDa I find myself, though most unwillingly, constraifiedto call upon you, with all due deference, to complete the statements of facts which have appeared, and more especially those concerning the battle of the 29th of September, 1l55, in which the part taken by me will no doubt, on reconsideration, appear to you, as it does to me, imperfectly reported. " If I have not taken this course sooner it is also partly because on perusing your despatches in the blne-book I regarded them as the reports of a British commissioner concerning his owyn services and those of tho British officers, with which it was no business of mine to interfere. But it is only from another of yonr public speeches, in which you talk of the Tarkish troops being 'nnder your command,' that I learn that these reports can be taken as those of the Commander-in.Chief of the army of lRars. As such, I hold that an officer serving- in that army, although not having the honour to be a British officer, has an incontrovertible right to come forward and require that ali chief questions in them should be placed on a distinct and accurate footing. " I have the honour to remain, Sir, "Your very obesdient humble servant, "GEORGE XMI TY, " Late Hungarian GeneraL "To Major-General Sir Wiliam F. .Williams, Bart., Ml.P., EC.B., &c., London."
THE LATE EXECUTION XT ADOBCHESTE TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I shall feel greatly obiged if -you wvll do me the honour to allow me to address a few observations to you in reference to the lett3r of Mr. Cox, which appeared in The Times of Wednesday, on the above subject. The Tepresen. tations in that letter, if not contradicted and explained, are calculated to give rise to -very painful feelings in the publio mind. When Mr. Cox asserts that there is but one generalfeelinginthis county, andthats,tbat thewretched woman has been "unjustly executed"-that, in fact, juaica murder h3s been-perpetrated-it becomes' of very great importance to invita your attention and that of the public to the facts of the case. I pass over altogether the imputations of partiality, directed against the Eome-offioe, arising out of the difference in'the fate of Celestina Somner and that of MarthaE Brown, merely observing that, if the Government have become sensible of erring, though on the siae of. mercy, in the case of Somner, it is reasonable and just that they should abstain from interfering with the due course of law in the subsequent case of Martha Brown. But my present purpose is to show you that Mr. Cox's version of the history of this case should bo received with very great caution, and that in reality there is 'very little ground for those strong "sympathies" which, he says, are "excited in almost every one." Hla reiterates the substance of the wretched woman's "confession," and wishes yoUto placeimplicit reliance upon the "tale of ill-treatment" which that alleged confession is supposed to unfold, with the view to show that the woman acted under the influence of immeasurable provocation, and in an-ungovernable fit of passion. Noow, Sir, in the first place, with respect to the degree of credit which may properly be attached to this tale about the 'violent quarrel and severe personal punishment in. flited by the murdered man upon his wife, it is proper to bear in mind that several different statements have been from time to time given. by the wife as to what actually took place at the time of the murder. She first stated thst her husband had been hiled by a kick from his horse; then, that he had fallen downstairs; then she admitted to one of the authorities that she Illed him whe he was asleep; then, last of all, we have this story aoout the quarrel, the provocation, and the beating in of the skulL The sympathies of the public for the murderer and the charge of unjustly executing a fellow-creature are soughtto be establishedupon the assumed fact that the murderead man, ".after using much violent language, most brutly beat her with a whalebone whip," and that, "'smarting tinder tha. pain of the blovvs, she seizeda hatchet," and so on. How was it that all this ws forgotten at the trial? t Where was theproof of the"brutal beating?"' Where were themarke, where 'was the slightest aellusion to this cruel treatment when the woman Ws being tried for her life, and an acute and Able lawyer (Mr. Edwards) was charged with her defence? I profess myself to be utterly unable to place the slightest belief in these statements; but I think I can in some Vay aout for them, Tho woman was aware that great efforts were mildng to get'acommita'ion of her sentence, and something fell from--her which indicated jeao . The benevolentpeopleoabout iher made a great point of this, and, havezeson to believe, suggested to her mind the muarirel spoken of; and she, as the last chance of life, comtted herself to those deliberatestatements in her confesion, which, at the eleventh hour, it was hoped by herself andher friends might be attended twih success. Ilam. Sir. vour most; obedient sra' ?.^ FREDERICK ,TALLETT. Dorchester, Aug. 14.
MIGRATION TO THE CAPE, T0 h Ee EDIOR- OF) THE TIMES. Sir,-I have observed the.remarics contained in the letter of a " Colonist" inyour paper of this daiys date; theyare t some exten' harsh, but nevertheless truthful. He may well notice the masses of ignorance, &sc., encumbering the country, and observe the struggles, despeiate some of them are} year after -year of the masses. For what? lNought el6e but an existence not much better than the poorhouse, with the utimatum. with very many of us of arnving at it. af " Colonist" had inquired among us rightly he would have found on tne whole very little of that mysterious attachment 'to hovels and squalor alluded to by him, and no lack of hatred towards the motherland, for the poor existence our hard work obtains us in it; there are plenty of candidates for expatriation-aye, and willng ones to)could the stumblingbiock be removed of how to get there; although true at is that Government offiers a free pass4ge for certain lasses only to some of tho colonies, the applicais, even to them, so fencecl Tounawith forms and red-tapism, that scarcely one in fifty cares taking the trouble to go through them; it is not every man with a desire to emigrate "who cau actually comply with the many7questions anadrequisitions inserted in the form of application issued by the comui sioners. As the Hlouses of Assembly at the Cape appear to have voted. a grant for emigration ses, and will open up the means to us of gettng tter, thy will, it not too scrupulous as to forms, find the call responded to-eith alacrity. There is plenty of skilled labour will step forward, if not hampered by annoying regulations too strictly adhered to; also candidates who, liko the writer hereof, can turn theirhands to anything, but not being artisas are considered ineligiblebytheGovernment, andas or " Colonist" propos to some extent to sweep us off cn mas, enlightened and u.- enlightened together, and so malce iattle more elbow-room, Perhaps he will consider, with me, that a ]ittle leaven of the tocmer amalg.matea -.vith the latter is sometimes of considerabile benefit to all concomned. I enclose my address if lie ,7sihes it ' - ''Your vervy'obedient ae.va.,t & -A'WOPJG MANE. A:ngut15. - I Ti OLDEST AuShALTAX C ToLoxSTi-The tIel. bourne papers rePort the death of one Henrr Waller, aged 62. t4e olaest Australian em1grant. he having reaided in thkt colony 37 year. . It is ielncboly to fin that Waller expired uanly from heart disease, inducei by eesgive tippling.
: IRELAND. -~~~~~~~~~ i . t- 1-~ (ArR6x OWLE OWN' COKft13PONDEN '-T' i- | t -- - DUBLIN;FRD& YOXs- THE tORDS: OF t-E ADDXMLITU Y AT CORK.,' A local paper of yesterday (tise-0on!stitition) ,s ha the followingreport of tlie movemeng of the Loids of th-e Adn!.itr~ since :their veturnto Cork from a, cruise westward:- : "Te stay of their Lordship3 ;n Cork harbour is expected to terminii for the present onSa turdar next. S;r CrCh Wood, tie Iirst lorn with Lady Wood and family, ame atitayingatl Mrcruas, tho dedightfullyasitu%ted ditnezit of Colonel Herbert, MiP., Sir Charles beirg incapacitated from out-door exertion by an attack of gout. He will not, itis underatood,' return to Cork, but will procee edirectto Dublin, andthence tol,ondon. Adiniral Sir3L FB Berkf ley,writhSir BxldwinWNalker, theSurveyor of the Navy, were inn.Oeenstownaesterdav,and nomasuswerejeftuntried bythe ciic authorities to bring under their attenttion. the neglected state of Cork harbour. These endeavo-rsto se'cure some recognition of tho wsisms of one of tbe finest naral sites in the kingdom are to be renewed, if practicable, to-morrowr, on -which .day Admiral Berleley and Sir Bal1din Walker wre invitea to accompany the Mayor and other-personages in an aquatic excursion round the harboour, foUowed-by ar entertainment, at which'auinerons party are-expected to assemble. Last evening the Lords of the Admiralty enter; taineda select party at dinner.at -the Queen's HBotel, Queensto The corapany numbered about 25per3ons; *ad included A4lmiral -Berkeley, 'Sir' Baldwin W.allier, AdmiralS: IL -Chids, AdmiralDuands, LordFermoy, thib Mayor of. Cork, Qe neral 2Vzu%l,, Sir Tho mis.Tobisa, Chairman of the Harbour Commissiorieri; Mr. PhiLip Scott, Chairmanr of the Commissioners o£ :QueenstownS, the captain in command of-Her-dajesty's ships Duke of Welling ton, Conqueror, ,3oithi and ioeander,- Maior Qnaler Governor of Splkt) Island, and the flag iieutenant, to the various- admirals It was the first officiat dinner ven by the Loras of the Admiraltyin Ireland. Some time after 9p.m. the company comzrrenced arriving to attend the ball given under their. Lordships7 patronage for the benefit of the famiies of the sailors who were recentlydrowneioffRoberts'Cove. Alsrgenumber of the cflcers of Her.Majesty's shis now inharbour werepresent.' On this day Admira Berkeley and Sir B31dwin Walker are invitedto a ai6cuncrn at 2 o'clocl, at Trabolgan, themanmior of lord Fermoy.- The company will, it is nnderst6od, include most of the parties wvho were present at their lord' ships' dinner last evening. AEter spending some time at. Trabolgan the distinguished party return to Queenstown, where they dine, 'with a party, with ear-Admiral Sir B Chads, at the -Admiralty-house. The dinner takes place at 7 o'clocl;. Thesuccoeeding=novemesi of their Trdshipshaye not asyetbeen determnined on. They are invited to take parb in an excursion dow the river and round thc harbori, on ,wichtheCorporation,HarbourCommissioners,ComiteofE Mercna-'ts, and Trustees of liarkets, intend going to. morrow, and for which a special steamer has been hired. It is probable that this eucursion will terminate their Lordships' movements in this harbour for the present; and that Admiral Berkeley. and Sir B. Walker will tak-e their deparrtue on Saturday. It is undertoDEd that two, if not more, of HIer Majesty's vessels which were in harbour yesterday take their deperure this morning at 8 o'clock for Ports-. mouth, and,that the Duke of Wellinston will be on oftbem. PendingthetransFerof Iaulbowline Islaidfrom the' Ordnance Departnment to the immediate control of the Admiralty, their Lordships have not determined on doing anything farther than the erection of a gridiron in the Camber. As soon as their Lordships acquire possessioan of Baulbowline it is understood that other workLs will be undertaklen." C eORN- TRADE. This miornings accounts from Cork state that the arrival of new oats and bere at that market are of extraordinary amount and quality for the time of the year. - The prices obtained were very high:- n0 Wedneiday an exollent sample of bere, the quantity being eight barcls, fetched ISs. per barrel (16 stone). It was grown in the west of this county. Another lot, of mot so good quality, sold for 17s. 4d. per barrel; this lot came from near Bandon. There w6re 82 barrels of new oats sent to mar-et yesterday, which sold at prims var,icg frorm r3s. 9d, to lGs. per barrel. Three barrels oD fine white oats, grown in the north -of the county, brought lOs. per barrel. There was a beautiful sample sold yesterday of duan-o&ts, grown near B&ndon, which feckhed 14s. Od. per barrel of 14 stone. The farmers, from Ul parts of thi county speak most encouragingly of thle state of the crops; the late rain is st4ted to have servedthe zrain materially. On Saturday there was a fine sample of black Tartarian oats, the lot eooitainig 32 barrels, which fetchiedi3s. 10., quite an extraordinary pric,_ it ws-growuz in the nortlt of the oounty." DBIT:n OFS A iiO?%N C-4n2HOLC nirzaop. Another mitre has been placed at the disposal of: the Holy.See by the demise: o the Right Rev. Dr. urphty, titular Bishop of Ferns, whio exired, after. a short illness, on WVednesday last. Over fatigue arid the great heat of the'weather are said tohave been the immediate cause of death. The deceasec was consecrated bishop in MIarch, 1850. TB ETIS. Three per Cent. Console, 95l 4; ditto for account, Sept. 12, 95i; New Th per Cent. Stock, 95 a ; ditto, for account, Sept. 12, 951; Mlining Co p y of Trelund (7f. paid), 14, Railways-Dablin and lfast Junction (451. paid), 48; Dublin and Drogheda (75. paid), 70 ; Dublin and Wicklow (101. paid), 6A; ditto, for account, 6A; Great Southern and Western (501. paid). 59; ditto, Eizhths, 6 per cent,.preference (6?. Ss.paid), 7, ;Ir ish South1a3tern (1. paid), 7; -Hdnd Great Western and Royal Canal (501. paid), 55, WYterford and meriuk (50?. paidl, 2; doitto, for account, 27. ~; ditto,- ., per cent. preference (50O?. paid), 40A.
ROBBERY OF WATCBES XND JEWELRY AT RIPO,V. -On Monday two men, named Thomas Hoyle, alias LasseT, alias Curly Tom, and Thomas Smith, were charged at the PoEce-courtl Ripon, with burglaiiously entering the premises of Mr. Richard Blakeborough, watchmaker, &c., Marketplace, and stealing therefrom a large number of gold and silver vatches, and various articles of jewelry-3n value upwards of 4001. Mr. R. Blakeborocgh, the prosecutor, depozed that he-ws a-watchmaker na j eweiler in lipon. On Tuesday night, the 29th ult., he saw that the whole of his premises were made secure. Between 10 and 11 o'clock he was in the front shop, and at that time ths irhole of the goods were safe. On lerving he locked the inside shop dcor and put the key in his pack-t, and soon afterwards went down into the kitchen, examined the shutters and window, and found all safe. At the same time he went into the front cellar audfasteneddcwntbLe circular stone, throug vhich there isan entrance for coals, and chained the cellar door. Before retiring to rest he also siw that the other portion of the premices was safe, and while inbed heard nu noise durin- the night. About 6 o'clock the morning he was awoke by the servant girl, and from wh-at she stae went downstairs as soon as possble, and found that his shop had been forcibly entered, the in-doorlock picked, the weight attached to the door and the bell-wire cut off. On examining the shop he- found that about 40 gold and silver job watches had disppeared, and five or six gold watch:s, his own property. A large quantity of gold guards, brace. lets, and rings were also gone. On discovering the robbery witness imnmediately went to 11r. Collinson, the headlibert pollc- off6cer, and sent his servant girl to Mtr. llood, the borough police-offlcer. Soon aferwads witness ana Mr. Collinson made a more ninute examination of the premiae, and found a circular cut in the kitchenndow,-sutter a square taken out and partly broken, nd the two fasteners loosened. In the door at the top of the kitchen steps a similar hole had beBn cut. The 38 watches prodocd by Mr. John Pollard, superintendent consttle for the Skyrack division of the West Riding, which were a nortion of the property stolen from his premises; fodr of lern he identified as his own by the private mark inside the cases and the others as having been brooLght to repair by his cus. tome=s A leathern agnowproduced saso his'ro The siUver watches now in the cuastody of the pornoe weyre vorth upwards of 70U, and the gold watch about 6!. Mr. John PolJard, superintendent of police for the Skyriak *iri. sion, in the West Riding, deposid that about haif-pas 10o'clock on the morning of Friday, the 1st inst., ne was, walking down the Ronudhay-road, Leeds. when he gbt near the toll-bar he saw the two prisonens in a gig, -coming from Leeds and proceeding towards Harewood. They stopped at a beerhouse called tbe Pointer Inn, where ther remained about tbree minutes, and then drove off. Witness then ran home, procured his horse and gi- an; traced the two prisoners to Harewood. Th-re he obtained the assistanoe of Mr. John Nicholson, pollce of fiOer, and together they went down to the tollbar, but on ing r found thzt the two prisoners had passed through about alf an hour previous. After waiting about fit hours at the toll-bar, witness aw the two ;risoners return over lhe bridge with the horse and vehicl, anud by his (witnuess') direction the keeper of the tfoll-ba r went out,- closed the gate, and demanded tolL Dmning the time they were taik ing, witness and Nicholson went out, and each seized one of. the prisoners. The prisoners, who made no resistance, wcr'sakeninto the toll-hous-, and on witness seerchingH ole he found a bil for 37. 14s., a suit of clothes, prchassd and paid for on the 31st 6o July at Mr. HyamYsesablishment, Leeds, also a memvrandra-booL ok Cx going back to the gig, witness also found a bundle ?rapped up in P cotton handkerchief, containing one' gold and3i silv-er watches,andale*ahern bag, the whole, of which had since remained in his poion, aad -eri1 those produoed. On discovwing the owners cf the p:'-- perty, witness charged the prio6nera with the ribbw - at Mr. Blakeboroughs Ehop, Ripon. The prisoier Hoyle mi& helhid nothing to do withit, and hanelrsl-eenemI0plo to drive Smith. The priane -Smithmid- eknew notbingia about the matstes, and had nohiia to d-*h it. :Xr J -- Nficholson, pollee o$oicer, Hsrew *& uasmfeo the prena j itnemwtstmony, and ero,uced a eorneleeset otf hous brehniimpemeltS waeb,on searhng the pirisonsv 1 §mib, le fundin his inside coat pocket. After some fig |ther evidenec, the prisoner w lere comnuittbd for txtl
- idAy Eve. |g The English funds continua to show a total abSence of fluctuation. Consols have again been quoted 94 to j for money, and 95j for the 10th a Septem thertroughout 'the day. Consol Scrip closed at S3 to 4 pm. - Bnk Stock, 217 ' 218 ; Reded, 95V to J; Noew Thee per Cent.. 96 t; Annuiftes, 8l to-i; India Sto 234 to j India-bonds, 103. to 14s. remium; Encher-bonda, }00 to X, and ;E.chequerbil%e 9s. to 1Ss. premium. The demanld formoney in the St,ck Exchange as rendered more active by the- foreign and sare -settlement. Out ox- doors ad at the Ba rikof England there was likewise an increased inquiry. 2 Foreign securities w6re firm, but the highest prices weTe not in all es maintained. Tridsh Six per Cents., for money, were negotiated at 13, for the acount, 103; the Small, 10Sa; the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 104, 103k, and Austrian Tive per Cents.8;B anFive per Ces., 101k and 102A; the Sail, 102j; Chilian Six per Ceiits., 105, Ekcnador New Couolidaed 14i4; Grenada !iewActive, 20; tlhe Defered, 7-; Portuguese Four per Cenfs., for the account, 5O0; the Tlhee per Cenits., 1853, 46; 'enezuela, 31k; Dutc !Thv-and-a-Rlf per Cenxt., 65; and era nDollar Bonds, 61k. - i;- -. In the foreigii exchange0s this afternoon there was no alteration from the rate3 of last post. The corn-market this morning w again without recovery. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows a moderate business at former prices. TEhere were no trsactons on the Paris Bourse to-day, owing to the Napoleonfte. The gold by the Royal Charter did not arrive in London {ill tin afternoon. Although the greater portion wiat once be de spstchedto the Bank of it is still believed that some eail amount 'will be taLken to the Bank of EGngland. The rcturns* of the Bank of France for the past month ae on the 'whole satisfactory. -Th stock of bullion, which in the provious statemnt showed the extraordinary falling off of 2,00,000, lhas exprienced a recovery to the extent of 620,000L, and, although this has been obtahied by the heavy sacrifice of 46,000Z., which- haa bee paid in the shape of premiums, to attract it from this side, it would at an early date have gone natirally if the market had been left to its ordinary course. The loss is, therefore, a penalty paid by the nation for State meddling in a quarter which should alwoys be inviolably preserved from such influenew. A curious feature in the -present return is that while the stock of gold haa been largely inereased in3Paris by the remittances fron- Eagland, the amounts in the branch banks exhibit a material reauetion.- This has bien caused most probably, in a great degree, by the quantities withdrawn for buying up silver in the provinces. The other features of the statement contaia nothing for particular remark. The note ciculation has inereased 288,0J01., and the Treasiiry balances 480,000t. In . the. deposits of the publiethere ha3 been a decrease of 1,280,0001., and the discounts also have diminisbad 360,0001. The arrival of. the Cunard steamer Persia off Holyhead, from New York, was announced in the city early this afternoon. The 'rapidity of the passage is unexampled. Theprospectus has been issLuedof the Bank of Toronto (Canada), with a capital of 500,0001. It is stated that 200,0001. -has been subscribed in the province, and the portion now offered -in England is 100,0001., in shares of 201. lla. each, the whole to be paid up within three months. Ata special meeting, of the Scottish Australian Investmuent Company, which took place this afternoon, it was agreed to extend the term of its duration for a period of 2lyears. A series ofresolutions for altering the deed of co-partnery with The view of bringngm the co ny- under the Joint Stock Act, and of obtaining limited liabiIity, were also brought forward, and will be discussed at a future meeting. Objections were raised by a sharehiolder to the large powers possessed by the directors, but it was explained that they will be greatly modified by the proposed amendments, while the Joint Stock Act wil protect the general intereats of the proprietors, A meeting of- the Port RCoyal13nd St. Andew's (Jamai ca) Copper MTining Company 'was held to-Zay, when the resolution passed on a previous occasion for dissolving the comp?any was confirmed. It was stated that the.-shareholders who have paid the late call of 2s. 6d. will, in all probability, receive back Is. 6d. per share. The report of the Clarendon Mining Company of Jamaica, issued preparatory to their meeting on the 19th, describes a progressive improvement in the mine at Stamford-hill. A sample of the ore forwarded to London has been found to contain 24kpercent. of copper, andirom 10 to 15 toni of it are now in course of shipment. The affairs of the company are administered vith great economy, and a cash balance is held of 10,853M. Reference was made on the 12th inst. to the conduct of the Swias section to the Board of the South-Eastern Railway of Switzerland towards their colleagues on this side, and to the litigation inwhich the affairs of the company had become involved. It now appears that the Tribunal at Coire has decided the first of the numerous suits pending against the-Swiss directors in favour of the English contraitor, condemning them to pay costs. This verdidt will mrobably have a salutary influence in pre: venting the sacrifice of property whichwould be inevitable- on the parf of all the shareholders if the attempt to disregard or violate tl4e nights of the English persons*interested should be continued. At the Court of Bankruptcy to-day a petition 'was filed against M. W. Smith, the surviving partner of*the aemel empstead andWatford Bank, and it will, it is believed, be opened to-morrow. A3 the petitioning creditors are the executors of the late MIr. Whittingstall, there is no Toubt-the estate will be wound up under Bankruptcy. The coloiaW produce markets 4uring the week have been very quiet, and lower prices are in many instances quoted. The demand for sugar has been inanimate, the trade, at the commencement, being most unwillin- purchasers even at- a fall of fuly 6a. per cmw#., whicli was occasionaUy submitted to. Subsequently there was more desire to purchase on the part- both of dealers and speculators, and a much better feeling has prevailed, but without any material improvement-en quotations. A parcel of good grocery Madras realized high terms. Privately, three cargoes of white Havannah have changed hands for St. Petersburg, and one of white Bahia, for Trieste. A considerable 'amount of coffee. was brought forward, and comprised to some extent good and fine kinds of plantation Ceylon, which went off withanimationatextreme-rates; buttheinferiordkinds -are not so readily taken. A cargo of Rio was sold for a near continental port at a full price. There bas been little business in' the tea-market, and in casesv where sales have been effected they have been at lower prices. At the public sales on Wednesday, comprising G16,000 packages, a Very small portion was disposed of.- Rice has been in less demand and has falle 3d. to 6d. per cwt. Some floating cargoes of Rangoon and Arracan are reported at lower rates. An zctive demand eisted for satpetre at the beginning of the weel, but it has gradually ceased, and lower quotations are accepted. A correspondent complains of loss sustained through laxity of - sytem on -the part of the :Northumberland and Durham District Bank at Sunderland. A person in his employ received paymaent for a check at the ban4 and aftervards finding the amount short, applied for the parHiculars of the notes issued for-it. The reply vas that it is not the practice of the bankers of Sunderland to take the numbers of the notes they pay away, and hence 5all possibility was :ut out of Bracing the origin of Mlessrs. Young, Son, and Magnay have just made the satisfactoryannouncement that their contest with the Shipwrights' Union, which was described in The Times of the 5th of June, has terminated successfully. It arose from an effort of Messrs. Youn and Co. to improve the efficiency, comfort, ana moral position of the persons in their employ, and - notwithstanding the opposition of the Union ani the absence of co-operation frori the trade, they have been able to tatrt an ample supply of independent and intelligent workmen. According to a circular of Messrs. W. and R. Laird, the export of coal to foreign countries during the month of - June last was 472,823 tons, against 543,021 in J ne, 1855. The -chief falling off has 1cW, to Denmank, Prs3ia, and Turkey, - owing to the adiminished requirements from the reduction, of ,the Daltic and Black Sea fleets. Russia has taken I4,3@5 t:ons, against 84 tons in the same month of -last yeer. With regard to. home consumption, it appe.ars that the coals brought to L ondon during the flshalf-ofthe prcsentyesr wvere 594,865tons byrail- way Snl dS,5'T7 be can&L ulo an increa of 100,223bp rsiway and2,00Lbjr al : With regard to the insuranue companies who position has lately been refeired to, the me tary of. uhe E:aPire Conp:ay- writes- to explain that the: cause of that esaElishment not- having regstered any acouints consists in their first Anziukl-neetig not having .taken1 plaet at the date when the reifrna were ordered. W-Ithin- U, days after, the metinig the requisite docunments were sent in.. ThefIationAd GXuardian AssuRnco Societ;v,.vhos fireOffice was stated to have been dissolvex descre to observe that it w7as not dissolved, but discontinued. --~ Thne folovwing relates to the Londonand Paris ' - - - - " Mondenandai TointstockBsulr cc", P4Ii ce-Steet, lion-house,; Au5. ." Sir,-WifbD reference to an advt*iaeme:t pubhshed t.his nisraing indicating anintention on the prt- of ertai -persona to csfl ameetn of the hrholder of theoadondo and Paris Barnk for the purposeof 'Cnideing the present pstion; and determining tbe ftira opentions of the lank ' and wbich advertisement i3 calcula te o leaM to erron'eouJ conclusione,sTam inatr§d by-the dirctors io iivnnyoi that the recent call: ha not only been dedtobytho lar< mass of the shreolders3 but also that from tle x- penequ .ired in th&prcBess of thepreiinrara ug,e. nents thie director have every ground for inceae confi derieieeInthe undekiag.- - : - * o- j "fsI have aloto StUe thbe directors acing under tbe reroosibihity imposed -on ;,hem by the condition :iE. their icbarer. are perfectlyprepared to give an acosunt of teir st*adi;hip whlenever the~ interiats.of thii re.urit of heyarealled on to do so in cordaneawiththeproXf doens-cf tideed oE settlement. - - !- L "Iami,sir, our obedient serranty : c .; : . - " X T PUlE.i Secrotary."L. Th re te from,the ,Bank, of MnglA;id,jfor -te week ending-the 9th of August gives the following resultae, when compared with the previous week .= Public deposits ... ... 4 ,285,108...ncreaee £607,692 Oter deposits. 10,153,804-.JDeem 427,609 Ret... .. 4,786 ...Incroaw _ 9Z0Qo Onth"otheerlde of theaccount:-.. Government iecusities... aIZ010,078...Decrcase : £472,967 Other seurities.. 14,478,M..lncreme 29Z928 lete uemployed ... :. -6Iogs,OOO..Jncreasie 4oO,3 The amount of atits in cirction i 2041Z5901., being a decreas - of 363,850?. ,-d the-cl;'of buillon in bOth departients is 12,494,9451., aoion an increase of 62,0757. when comparedwi te previous return. At the annual meetng of te North and South Wales Bakn Company~, held at I&verjiool tb-day; a dividend of 6 per cent, per annum was declard, and a large sum was adde oe reserve fund. ---
- . .-.. .. _ -- - L _ . I . I . -- .. ...^N4DOiN- AND ODRTKW TM. :. . half-iy,a g meein ^ j i wa -eld the Eep ` dErect rd ay saEealroa4 (iih.aeese,'brog illness of thMagisc Chaf do, thie ehiriax3 -presdig Te atidan cih~mac masaotvnqynum@re¶i .- ;, -- - hemntea ,of tOp us:mezg hain ees ,,ee -, £red,-hseprtofth dietr " (whih a&i eayp pe-red in 2%, TsmU) was agreed to be takAasrm& -d 4 The Divftr-Cwnrv then addressed tha pr*jitA . He said,that the board-14- on that oocamoes,rib-he ,ercneUte d report, and .atatemento-U -ciolumstace to whed h e lhxpal thine of-the attedance of deheidW& tVat day. Atfthe lst half-yearly meeting the- earma. anmeeneed :h4 the disut. wi*thG t Northern PAilway CoMpany was in proess of atnei, all pau ties :baving agree to refer it to arbitrati6n. This agreement,e rejoicedato may had now bce enuled, and would, as goon Asitwa d exchamgd, be iubmitted toMr. Gladsione, for his award The "on ht in the Cout of.Queen'slBench by the North StIordshire Companyalfd resnlted in a special case being di- and, an it nmow r it that company to prosecute. their snit., froL -whioh there was no probability ,lthat,4dywouldb enet S saye thelwyejrs. When this litigationwoudtninateit wasimposible forany to 'telL ¢he. propeierors,.wererr, -migit generally be con- lataod.,on-.tbier ,reItioe wri_ ther-cOTpaniea,- B*r yjous trafc angement wore, on the whol, .working -.tisfactorily, and acopiahiig the o'becta lhich they hd expected to derive from -then. Looking at tfe sncernin Ioting in regard to otierliways on, which Palinmeetary legslation 3.hd plicedthem, the directors had folt that the only protection attaible for.the intereste oftheir prIol-. iry'was to be found- in the adoption of trffic arrange. eants with neighbouring enterprisos-it being obviouyl u-uch- better to make certaii concessioustofriendly eom. .paies thau to eeirk ina w'wldand ruinous competition at the -v4ous9 points xiwhich. they woere expoed to riyahy. IQ fact, the more the boardhad reflected on this matter-the more they were onvinced of the proprietyFf uthe different trfic arrangements inteo which they had thus entered.- 1i pursace of this vieof the case the directors had to bring' inder their notice that, day two new -agreements of this descriptipn, bwhich were indeed both of an2inor cha- micter, but for which t ehey desired to obtain, as they had: tone-to al thit-hsd gone befoe, the sancton of the shar. boldesr. !lhefLrstrelated ato aproject-for which an act had been -secured by paies locally interested-for constructing a railway from Shrewaur to a iuncton'x with the Oswestry and Newtv chline, aear Welchpool Having rexgrdto theirinterest in-theXonigomerysire CanaL and to the ssistajice which this scheme-was likely to afford to the - extension of 4beii business between Shrewsbury and Crewe, the boardthoieght it *ould be espedient-to concluade a traffic airangementT with that company. - The conditions were that, arteratcertinapercage s-paid for woklang expenses, acbstoe -should he granted on all the traffic coming from thithine1'tortheir own. The second arrange. mieut proposed by tho board' would -be efrected in coIDunc tio-n ewit their .chester, Sheffield, and Iincoaire fdiencs for theoring andinterchge of tficon th Wtington t ndS ckport Railway. sThe natre of the treeentwa tha--ht the 10 miles between Wrington and altrnchom shor be worked as a continuation of the tanchesterhand Sot pJunction -aTki i wouldr be o' great service to hie Sheoield oiner asit would enable it to obtathed sm l er nou n o l no t p soleng-as- Sttfflothrs buetin, thirsiy c2mnzoul idgretoe M &IL w*ysh ltwxoud-detatil-i co,sS on'theni so-inlsignificant' as t !T hardly worth e stting o-theodirectorshad, therefore, nio hesitation in- recommending this -proposal aliso to the; favourable cosideration. of. the meeting. -The boad, had, unfortuatbely,not suclceedtd-in gainingtthat ptoension of tlmeforwhicb.theynhed hopeia for makine their b arioue new branch lines. J:sonie ertaincass, indeed, they had , obtained some extensiont of ine, oalthouh not S3 long as they.haddesredb hutin.othersthey could getnone at alL, Theywerc, therefore,:gcompelledr tontonime.c the rorl;s uapon-these undertakings. The- shareholders would, howtiever, be bappy to.lear:tha tte contracs put out hadbeen -letifor sumsiti ntheortndaetibmates,e the hoard heo' ideterrnd to constract these lines on the most economical , iqrincipls. iThe only vote for additional capitl to be taken that asy-z., 29,13tdh-did not amount to much, conasideringsthe tDgoitaden ather enterpngse. The principal itemHf.toissurnwasrforu a warehonse: at Poplir hich,: havnDg been built at accoot of 19,000b5 -was at first mnerely |rented bythem and not p-rchased, bse they o y had not the requste powers for buying it, Now, however spoh-ey for those power, and the bosrd thoaght ita *vslet btain a- prmnanent right over thiis poot. lio- one had questionedutoe expediency o£their purchng the Raydon-squae warehouse; and- alogons- resons nowr rendered h purchau&of -the oplar -wrehouse equally S esrac,e he other items in the vote were-v-ry small in 'mount, and, explained- as they-were in the report, they spok-e-for themselves-:Akttesamuetime, if any shareholder 'wished for- miorsmninute paiticulr, they would be readily furnished. With reg2rd to the exenditure incurred on the. line, the directorshleen ous faithfuly to carry but the directions ofthe shartolders in order to check xnd cai-the outla ini every-possible wy. This quetion had -been ontiniylny-efore -thebeard andamanysof his friends thovight tht,in. foll6wing the cour3e-which they had dbne, they had been, in the habit of Cha ig too nuch to revenue, and 2ainDit.beare Thich might be legitinmately defrayed from capitaL If that wereeally so, the error was, it all- events, committed on the safe side (hear;hear); and nust -add to the stability of their pro -x. Withtheir constantly .owing.taffc, the beird old not hold out the expectatnon of fnahly closing the Wpita-c couant It was impossible to say that they should chag to revenue every additionalouay reured by theirincreasing business. The-shareholdersthemselves wod scarcel: be wiling to assent to that pnciple, bat they-migt atleast approximate towrds it. qhis.*as the view ofthe matter taicen by the.directors,. -who, strove 'without intrmission to give practical effect to it, believing tbat"such aolicy 'as nest calculated to enhance the ialue of their common property. 4ear, hear.) Tuning -next to the statement gf tneir accounts,.theywould: be -found to' present sorhe very encouraging features. In the first place' the expenses- subect -to thes contol,of their executive officers had not augmented, butrither decreased. .n the otbher hand, their receiptshadlargely increa At the -same time they had hadUt6:contend -against.-the bigher pice of coke-an i'nortant item:in their locomotive charges; and one wlpch - had cost-: --them:-: 8,0001. more than usual in:; the past .1alf-year. -. While their -working erx 'peses, notwithstanding g thisr- drawback, had not iniraseed, it -would be grati4iyng to them also to know that their rolling stock had beeunmiutained in the, fUllest teha crenc - The heads -of deparimente -h d had the absolute .necessity of preserving the rollinstck in aperfect state - itrongly. iuipressed .apon themIfth auaitors couldl beer impartial-testiniony to itsthongh efficiency ,-and, in- fat, thispartof theirpropirtyhadneverbeenin a better state, -and. never had more -attention paid to it, than-during the ,last half-year. - It was to be regretted thit an increase had tAkenrpla¢ein-therate- of: interest which the company had ,to py. Bt beig. in mindlthat they had-had to renew tin Janus- last, before peac wais concluded,-alarge smoun' of debentues that were then xunning at a Tery-low rate,-it *as -not'suprisin-g that their average rate of- interest -had-- somewnat- advanced.. -It now amounted- -toa--ss -Miuch as 41_-Cs.:-3d.- per cent., but t they might corii£dentlv relv on heinr s ANil +, 4r , ; -. -tutre rnewa, 4wile: the flgigre aibov6 stated-'might be safel re d asthe-inazxiucm. Anothet subject- .fre. -quently -~Otof -doors, asg Well -s in The. room -was therenaalof heload accaount- Many-mearz ago it Was decied, ith he cncurenze of the asbe.ebldera, thait the, line.shuldbe tregthnedby, the putting down of -Etronger ral,Iuebah~,and <other iMp`rove 2nienit,atth cost 'of cpta -To carry this out- wa-on?!is -ropenied,.. to/ conLtinue until tbew,t~~ raUwy -had, been. rexaid - and when thsoperation asconcluded-the~expamse of strengthening the-road wouiab rafserireatot'he capitalaccoumt.. Everv hil]f-je&r they hre the cost, of reliewing the road to this tiqxispne accout heannual airount assigned for the cuLrrent wear.and tear of the6 load -was 85,ODOO.; {inxe third -of -of which was taken - from, the r-evenue for the first .half of Mhe yviar,,and .the _othe~ two-thirds- fron, that 'pf the siecond half, 'thele ts of the first- half . of -tIm yerbeihj-sin;hlcr,tan= hs of the second.- This *wa&-emode -li-*Whic thli'a.ccount had been treat&l with the cog suac esnqd pproval oftheproprietors;--and be 'believed it was an equitable arr&ne et The com'mittee of.sbiareholdeT4 *L6 Vresextea themr report at the -last half- yeraYneeting,giayeat their eintire' sanction and ooncurream 2 The officers of the compn*y --were. examined -very [clozelYy.Jythat.comnittee, who wett3most elaborately into 1ihe whole undert%aking,co - Jn'n less tan aiXLn=nthX 2in their- invetigation.- In, teirs report. the~ committee Tihesioina~ b t ofthe,reaUy-ng fund,"up to t,he Shtt of -Decemb6r, 1855,t was MAD8,44% and "it in ewti miated:hat the further iamm of 248,02U1. will-bhe required to oomplete.thq~-operatidn vf,, stegtein eprmauentt way. You'r comxit,ee. believe-, from-the inquiries wkhic thyhave made, that thai amonutito be'so cbarged toc pital 'willieairly'repr.esetedLbyadditional~ mateiial (heavier railsanard moraunuierous. sleepers) introduced into the -1therefore,it*ad right to- aid-.to, capital, -as te i rectors-had been ordered.todo, whathbadgone,to strengthen anid imProve thec road, this, accornt had -been fairly, and 'properly kept. It hzdlozig -been matte~irof coiplainitthat, in oonaquenoe-of the- competition, to:-which they wr subject, their, receiptd from. p-asseger traffic- bad ra- _maied tation-ary. Now; however, he was glad to- Tbe able to point- to - a- considerabdle increase. in thaLt source of incomie; kut their. argest increase of traffic now, as on aU formr osons,rasin the g~6ds depaitmenit- It was to -thit.branchumainIyAh&t~ :theff mist lool; for Ahec.i-g,nizi-u tions,,ftheir-rev61u6-.7 The at fent!6n of the<board hiA been vWglAn~tlyturn6d,-to th nuAna mant of-<tie goods daper_. Menk.-iitkispeclud etoacr,fosb1,noeeu ineraiive rates fo±hwr on;b h omay nh but slowly a2ml graduall,inTha ieto.sSnetels Lan moly3eeting the board, in pruneo h reco6m- were- also aprvd yteshrhldr'6om it theY'Antiici-rted;vl&l eu . e9ina~bw topisoitone itnM:riV c JaO ya iladmiuini~h& urlso eatba a thee ;, a4 ,than i1m; 1 h clbei *t -Ao wfod i -i iille i; .=xe crsis of theoir a&e adto horbad tod io to a and, n ab, l1 qesde. - Thl _, - .dteisofh a A hto sIount 0Jo f their te -~~~na~~otionsi^I. erdtoi ther aXpenssad the fr oul noi fn=t h rt I £ re tio wixh ea asamr i id an y t,hero iten i X114 }g'ect. b 104 zhay heredi nw lbl mf e ney eAtleatsa. o- e fthe-- inr mat he ho£ld the ayoaf f o tIotait teseon offiew nsa,k.s he now beUsdto mlove te adoptio othe 664.. in-ets. i-umt; i multifno i MrAArsrzL, MP.,ewomplaXineof ~ d toshtld l. hawe laqiad totheir i The teort iof the di 0to efct.aconoi the to nef4wfee mot isactory. The ipeietre o the pa.ny ws miost etrkyavagat. The cm itorhles :of ,hda he Wu a ameniber, did oh wev e stoa siutet bease h eied i was in vry behaid?Wi: _-lnameTIy thosie Of Mr. o es coiritte Sie made a vriety ;f -cigrte ina on other pointoa te ohng tiprove the ondition of their;property,.r" one of- which wras so Inuch Al hinted at: in, Alie report of the diricorx. The cormittee among other U11h6 recompnboudedtht -theUe hoard yshoul e -reduy in -itsi numbe-thati toeir multifarinoth asiablisthi;t silraeino the be diminied; aoznd that -ther eoonfiTaS ofAtechondUerc,ised, What hdia d irthedrecrorsdfnceto ;- nw'pto Viaitr6coimiondation eWa the Bas e. doesComm ittee to be a mlere, automeaton, whoes -etvo wa. to be shelved as ae ihu -niais o ated? a- Moon's committet also to be doled?r Sciene, wa. dailymultiplyins the mtea of e emuesting ecsnomy on railway Cbutif theiDsytbemof mangement was to be ster typed, how could their dividteds be expewto 'ncrkTea? Lookfng at th eenco unitch wasv afrai d-that th ey w ere Ilite ally 'worldnfor thepublicandnuotforthamcaevyu. (HEr, hear.) -it wa4 hioweyer as clear thA mathematical dimonstratreo that the public coulduot be well seredl by a rail way vibJ did ntot adequately remunerate its shaireholder. It-had -beec- his intention to .ove for another committee to" izn qbire into the bet- mode of ecnomizinog the expenditure ofthe company, and to ascrftadn Whethero motth -opohmendations of the irm er oi mmtewere befro ghonertly carried out; hut in the absence of the chairmm he -would -omt mow press that propostion. At ihe anme time, if his -life wa spared for another year, andfrhe still saw nothint idone to work -hat great- of ncerin zthwi orre. advateFa 6 the shareholderaf hie shouldl insist on another .iw ae4siationa, to dirscover, if porsible, swhy- het ownerrof 32 millions of eapital did not obtain a- better return for theirinvestmient. a yer, hear.) . - >Xr. Xr-onu, thOught ther mnust be ramething in. herenty vicious in theirnsanaxement when their traffic Wau constntly inereasing An&-their dividend stationary. 'The chairman had oongratulated them on the thriving itated of their airs, hut no amount of congrtulationsa was eguivalet to, an -increa of I per, cent, in their diaidend. The great eayist sa id, "wan nevern ts but always to be, Jet'an a aphorism that appeared to he strikingly exempfied by the camse of theaharfolders of thato om .pgny., fthed h the y d adst1od a ey rightoto 4o, theordinayinterrest no imeyfro atheira aidend,; that c eolossal aoenterprise onlyf yielded them- a comnmercial, profit of 2 per cent. This uiisatIi~ factory state of, thins arer raom -their cavya' ing a large portion - of their traffiIes t ecil theirc heavy:mineral traffic--at an absoILute loss A2raiWay sW expensive as theirs couald never sucoessfully compete 'with: presgetdth dietors dating.how many oileseyow Mcr ne the conve*ed that n ovv teiro pleray mrile wshblanhercg whe forelero thol were adsone wssty .S fpr ton !eii tarlubet poliecy t tors as lake eefry bahio' Whltheir busines yield an profi fgreatrorls, amdount.st -re tet iate shoudebe sebmttdor the approtvaoe the orh.oorfetaoy sationg. how maleryils orf ther lint eae ohes. reiaiD wtehin the eensuingusi months, togceer owih theo ouren in valu e betweysento te iovr ai do atio thoee tar.e Tconi easvet cdou':o fcaitlea wpo thew ort ofan thy amidtoel "sloutpErs,'ieor -otherd tit vial charge, meght. e metr frm grevanenui on the waiy, the cod-geast - ridet of theheir suene a ac irue. t ric e ws enoge to rbe. sugge nts aei avertet orthse iceae ofthre work le epents-es from8 per enwst.-Eot which theysoo manfew yearsnago-to. 4 pher cent., their dreientwdghenr. also roe aded thela ke- expense, aurtignr, ase oonsid in thestat i ,hasf-yuite o31O ,seuesodve. Theres wasy grossectraa, gbnweat-various stationsontheir hlne, trops corrhe whaich ed suggested that the nus directorstho makers havourne - eDi NSO u coneinve tadplyt, nbowe.-ve their erra vas o domly a h drcors a enldit isi -and s ranctothes wer comlete, there was no nhece sri-ty nou sttolarge a-nunid r ofniectors ahine sat dIret m .ht b bhitle thei os whe i retngt of thes b and, ct tsould be gongt bone winhst-nato Parliamnent, and whl-loahnfune,s -wellz sasur influence in the I.e holaue wer pherhapeof:is greoatimortncet, a nuereouels directorae, migh thave bresnt. viyde irahled had dhen theytd bsimplt to fll up varrcnces netsaof-cw.ith the adoellpade sarvintsle wh-vRed almostti thedir eornl agnt s wrequird- or- thet theie twhe irectors olugh t weeexsarpl by consentaing to. laudiminutionher, reimt bo Teism eafsrey conldnotbe foired upno thema hutiit.-hey cariedit lou -o theirow acoditvwoulds hv e - abv very sutao inuenoo thepogrete nuoberof their bertavlineh et Xea trle ao grtidea to hline, im thaetaran .enTse of-wh rich e regarded bor- as airalo Hxe did nottinalc therservants wfthere overpai r the t intherde were mloa cats tan yweireh necessary tocatche m iice.- laugh.)o bi otherin respect £hem was dernbtl sthored wit he mnrasenat'eir rent. -bThe a dininusoe in theidves wapfos -t' - bout be clone beanseue thae great onume of nth anclies rposatouht, th0nersefoe vas o4al-ow-erin fohepesenit.o; hand them bad no te - to eeriate nc tconve him tatr it :wa quitedo in vanloran :. bolder taon rhesmostan profect,' dir thetr o Gre tsther -czurxed t a expenses tanhet .compugv-Ctthecou ino bep, aosledervad that ther bawasetodabtanedirors thadrotetinlo tedintpopeistaesin refermeneti onthebrnchlinies hto therdte wsNorthWelstfrn.t nowsbt toe avoidsimilarerrors ino future It m nightn ho dsibe trente tesaetioe gth of the thoar t hut itare co no ft tee, -on iho -a1 afct of parlimeSt, bend thedy anyposarohko therefore; toAt stand-over forlthe present., in-tee d their a adosp-theyonur. eanirerlw E thsesI mhtreept itho but t co ulrridnot iease. vid uesr thepft butthere t-os aecaudnseparotecopotion of thei rpt. Thed br ter for entny cont otre aileow-peyingtdesoritioesen. cost teyhc opsng o= pabe. no leshtp ahirbsumthn l,O or-c acestimteis fh plarms of the ine. iThende toereffid, andh W cainsect toem in ob hr a a nraei hi receipt withot a coreipojeing incease i their rofits I i fr. TIrE, M.P., ascribed tlhe disappointment of 31r. ad- f eld totthat gentlemam's onimnpatience bewould ot wai' a snffcicent time to enable the*uits of his own labours and thos of lis fellow eoomiitteemen to ripen. The small. cess of their attendace ws attribatable to the vexatious nrivi1ry of another contanyn- which was> holding its half. year1 reeting slihtaneonaly with thei The raily eon was nowbeioonbetSer appreciated. Iandownera, instead of maing eiofbitant demands-on railway con- Tsnies, ought to give themttheir land, and contribute. randsomely besidec towards the lines that were to r oier hcir estates. -Bailways had been systematically plundered ty the absurd a iniquitoas verdicts of juries in compeLn,ation cases, while evecy art of chicanery was resorted to to =n%ke them bear the main burden off the' parochial rates. To a great extent, however, the remedy for these evils was nowIn theirown hands. Sbareholders should insist on the aressments being, feirly dealt with in their respective vestriee. - The report was then nnnuimously adopted, as were also resolutions for delaring- a dividend at the rato of 21pcr ent. on the halfiyear; for sanctioning an addition of 35,408L to6 the i.tal expenditure; and for consolidating 1,L820b ashas of the late 4ondon.M BireinrinCo-e pny, said 1,498 10. C shares of thfe late lanclester and £imh3 Cmm Compy l t' ''' TbeDwr:'expb.xpined'tjat it would boene. ceear to cal1 up tbe 1aae on the 101.1 Cihzre6, and on tbe-9u1. Londonui m-Birinhbin hr on te 1st of D.sber.next5 for-the purpoge of thie new wrorks nDow iii coure of exction.~- A vote of tUasks to the Deputy.Chairynan cloesd the pro-. eedn . - , .. GRIAT-WBST . arle lihf-yearlyniting of this comnmy was held yester da at the Bri5to stationj -Lord Barington in the chair. An Analysis of the accounts and of the report has Already bowputiflhed. ; - The CEAMsA; in OnIngtheproceedings; clai,e& the ,Inailgenc of tho 1ectiig Upon his first appearance -in the cli ,andpaidaStribute of f pettothe Memoy- of 3r. twIL h o for7mer chirman. He added that some objec. - iionhl.ad been taken to Their meeing upon the same day As the Loidon and North-Western; but he feired that -this. - as-an inconvenience h ich could only be obviated by Arrangement with the-chAn` en of au1 the companies that had termini in the netropoiL. It had been suggestd thai - there should be a number of individuals-representing-i50i. worth of shazreiin the company- appointed, to Advie- the. dietors in ail matters of importauoe, hut he wm bound to- ay that that would be estiblia g a kind oE inupn ina : itVlO'to, which t, die.ee could submit. (HoRar, .. hear.) - All ihat the boerd i io say was expressod clearly in the report, and-herould not, . therefore, trespass lobger on the time of ihe macei thaii-to congratuU4 lt s harr . holden oaia-2iig1it.incrcaie:in-ike diTiden& and oni the fIt - thatthe company hadot prcated any Tba ii Plarlia. rcitdisfngthelaataeaaon He- nowr called-upon the e- ' -Ceatart-atberu*Ieprt. : _ - - --., - Xaior COtIiRT, howeer'intervn, ad cnplas :of s~ < arzhf ibe privileahi te *ho1dera n t{hat he -had: a. Aoprietora.'hiwas a right inheessit: In 6tlh shareholders,.- conrred ' upoi
THE COB TRADE. . -MONTHILY RERTlTRl . t.?rom F 4 v's ', I p An-Account showing the Quantites bf coni, Gran,, Me, andil lour impoxted iuto the Unitd in d , da Hnte o-Min Co0suPtion,in tM. o onth of July, COoRl-:ExCIG ssfl.A;, Atra. IS. Tbe snrivats of foreign continue to show anl increase, but those Of 1nlt sblb ayc not greatly awngm4tod Tbe trado is dull in the v'arioue deacintiono, se Monlda*'s pliXes snd-the operatlong continue tbe fmted- inchaa"-er. who weather is c:atedl to befSavonrable for the barreet. - LTVERPOOL, AGuasT 15; The arxrials from Ireland and coetwiue e snce Teezddayao been ffriin& -From foreign porta we haveeceived 28,64 qurers of wheat 1,290 -cucters of barley. 3,40H iquarb of Indi orn..1,376Sacsa and 13 918 b#mls of dour, beeddes from (CaEda 3,28 quartes of *heatk 50 loadvtoatoetml, and L803barrels of four.- The exportgin the umeuxnecomprtbo~m q~e4 of-whoa$ Z te2,08 :4nxrsof-Indija3 corn, 787 sades and@,057 loo dour.. fMathsrbeitUilM n settled, holders of priie wheat andf our have beent mrm, notskth, Standg oontimned D- Arzitalsfirom the States bhwosver,-eecona nd- infr descriptionx have--ben vtey difcut- ot rie.. st'houg offered ourather lowerterm- Indian corn>roioalnt 5ttady1nijaS; 'and thedemand zod-forfeedingPurpce'. there was a fair attendance of the toa and, eonut:y tradc, 5add5goo} 'oonMmDtiveLdemand Wu experlehced for prelvhewbet. at thOol pries oE Tesday, and in some cares 2Kigh advanc- co=mon and inferior was neglectd, withough pressed at a decline of 3d. s Der 701b.0ttle -to. d coull dbh' dwthaleprim:e Soura In reqe and more didicuitto buy; but infesioriwa if ua ng~ again loer, Oats0nd oatmeal moetw itha slow Zal, barely Tuesday's rates. Some ndw tawn dats mold-at 3e. Sd toS. sa. per 45th. Barle,y, beans, mandteam -ith-a limited aale, were without alteratonlovaie. Therbe rwas littlo Indian conoffringiod *, and as there was a good in giio e8ding and on epcuiitien, an adeance of 6d. to 9d. per querter wras genieally- eaMblrshed. - WAEFIVEg, A-UG lt. ' e hu hadasweekoSs'howeryweather, and'ithisdisrict the orots ore laid toEome extentinconsequence; inthe south,-howerer,iter weather has been doer,candhreez t-perationsare progreodng. iThe quality is represented as very' duo. To-daythere is steuy cou-ptive demand for choice parcels oE wheatand:fot such ar adsanucQe s. to 4, per quarter over last Prtays prla i5obtained Other sorts re aso held for higher rates, bnutthe demand isterylmitd. -Barky onial. .Beans, oath, and shellng~ each the t iDfavourof the buyer.
T:E S- .-The Lahore ChronicMe%ha~ fisiaricle onthe Sikbs, snggeated by the fact that paptejn lattay has sacceded so speedIy in ralsin EaCorps from among them. Our contemporary.sayss:-" When it became known that Sikhs were in dernind. for rnflitary. service in Bengal,; therE was observed atUmritsuranimaediate zin gz.uhai soiimechoose to callthe dry bones- of the Sikli creed A. immediate increase 3Vas obseravable in the number of appli-. c6nti for initiation, and this increase has gone on progrpes ively, as we are iuformed, to this day. Of co" se the impntb anexpd.ig sreeh would be bu temporaiy, it were only aqi questio, of xaisig a single eorps for.s,ervice. But a far. moroimportant,question .thus p.esents itself; So long as theSilch iSitary ardour took the fomn-of.fanaticsm so longas the Sik,h. fouglt fortbe-domnion.'ofEisewn muilitary theocrasy, the p-evalence of those tenets which haracterize the followers of-~lhnuk,- was of course- aihing to.be guarded igaiust, like-the small-pox, or any other e idemic dangerous to tl1e public welfare. But it seems far riffe*nt Wi this mitigated form of Sih enthsias, which -is -to -the old frenzy of the Ehalsa what the vaccine disease is to 'he small pox-harmless in itcelf -and a guaranteee agains.tthe more da,gerost,pe of the aame -faticism, Irtis morethan. this.- As'themrse ,of al Asiatics approathegnearestto tUe6 Asiglo-Saxon- in all that relates so- commercial. enterprmej gso oes;->the Sikh i evfrytwg that apperainS 4o war..1,Tho , Rnoot eal to- the. 1E3gbsima:n. in~ infillgert ",'soiy,'ntoi M Irtnrhme0 jn generous-dat to: it,h e-ii=tia&z.ndogged w-diffexenoe,to life 4ordeathlb,s-I comhirnesaill t,hree virtues . they were perhkpaneer com-rn Jnod-beXore. Thne Porieian ~SpiLit of whiWL hle .was- one accuwed totFell,-dissppfs iuider: a' commanding officer of I anyt ; ,w, mye his, fre,edo,m from- thei more embarrasingX o pejudsce scha 3even. the IndiMbtussunan has= gshiW, r,enderj the lihmost ouieslrTaki fa; ioqr ';dian.sod.aiers. -we be7i*v t Im;>,ke t ip.1nak,e a Guiof -a, .by,puttin, hiim into asslea tbA ~ otf the ~ordinar* ~o~T:dc h len,ave army, is still cut ordig to ais t .f,asbin - ,But ,;sbis- isy' p - ; we mnavw i o-. 'forearf,roru.1 fur,ther,,eulogy on the.xbia eg. -'of the Sil..Aldidr. -Is n,ot th6etie then cou-fi~ give-ihee me . ,ho, h,ke Eiglhshmnn. driak thei.grog,;ike Eng, liep, anwhoanight fo6rliswe kow,- have beatmu bti-*tJieirfora diavelih forslibntLBrsvli be- arnvq le t,fi; erdiere-ij it nrot tiiee, we say,- tgive: e na farno,re important and hon,ourabh pos;itin icc ourl u$ivarmnn?.WhT, should the hast sldl,erspInv,iaEo b,e lowkdupon- with -secret awe,. but 'oistward alow of e-.o"d arrobganhet Mussuliinan an i isoleimt hiih ce&ste Iliiiod, wboni it ma our delight' to 'inoeirae,? W yhaot. gie,tbe post of hconour to these real>IaIdirs of the a st who . so~ brave!? accep4.ed- the gage -of battle,~ gan 'Shlen vanpuiabe in fair fighs, so loyally abided by thet result."3 JYPT -:.:' .-.
2LUTARYA J1YD N.AV AL INT-LLIGZY,E. MIr tSIya. Steeamship Asslstsnce, Captain Blow, edEC SpU;ead yesterday from the East, with te fol. ~o'ihh: pSe iger5 and troops :-Inspcetor of HospitalJs Tb'. t)ea, C.s., DepuGy Iin etorssDa DavidaonaldMaeit -roy, ?Jrs. Drvidsen,Mrs. Ma cleroy and child; D)r. Irvine, the Rebv.'L Yeoman, Mess. Penfeidd, Carter, and MeadowsA, 39 seamen amd marines, all fromTherapia Hospital; 195r 'a file of the 42d Hghlsnders,7 of the 72d, 156 of the Land 'Tapaporb Corps, ancd Lieutenant Murphy and Cornet 2'TMum:," ditto; Major Soady, iUeutenant Walker, and 72 men of the Roya- Artillery; 2 men of the 2d battalion of tho IstE Royals, 2 of the 20th Regiment, 1 of the 21sk, 5 of the31st; Assistant-Surgeon Palatiens in medicalcharge; Captain Gore, Lieutenants O'Mlley, Aldridge, and Deane; 166rankandfilo;,ienten.ntsCumming, Brown, andlHunter; Ensign Gardiner, 226 rank and file, Commander Grylls, MM;.; Mesrs. Chambers, Skinner, Nash, and Richards, nttchecd to the Admiral's office at Constantinople; W. Uichards and J. C. Shepherd, Captain E. C. Butler, DeputyAssistat Commirsr y-General -Baynes, Plurveyor Rogers, Assistnt Medical Storekeeper Jaclson, Messrs. Clers, eands, and Compton, the Rev. W. Alderson, Ensign Brawnrigg, S9th; and 10 ran and file. On Thursday, off tho Start, thie Assistance spoko the brig Egnio-nette, from Trinidad farl.Ondon. His Netherlands Majesty's frigate Deo Ruyter, 50 gans, Captain Van Maldighem, arrived at Spithe2d yesterday from CherhourZ; she saluted the Royal family on passing Osborne, and on arrival at $pithead saluted the =tional Reg and the Port Admiral, which compliments mere duly aclnowledged by major-Geneial Breton, the Lieutenant-Governor, and Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, the Comnander-in-Chief, to whom Chevalier Van De3brD. the Netherlands Consul, presented the Captain and StafT on theirlanding. Her Majesty's stenam-transport Rezolute, No. 214, N. Pentreath, Commander, arrived at Spitheand yesterday foronoon, from Scutari July 31; Malta, August 4; and Gibral-tar, IOt; bearing the flag of Rear-Admiral the Hon. F. W. Grey, who is on board, together with the Hon. Mrs. Grey, Sir Malcolm Macgregor (Flag-Iieutenant), Mr. G. S. Jennings (Admiral's Secretary), Messrs. Brady, Russel, Dixon, J.E. SB n,C. Noldal, total 1S, ox tie Royal N_avyi recond-cl2S pasiengerr, seven; third-class 10; LieutenantColonel C. Sillery, commandingthe troopsonboard; Majors 3Heaton, 37th Regiment, and St. Clair, b7th ;Captains IL P. Wlliams, 60th; Fairtlough, 12th; Seagar, 5th Hussars; Maitland (Aide-de-Camp), 49th; Mackenzie, Land Transport Corps; and Crealock, of the 90th; lieatenants Finnerty, 47th; Neill, Royal Artillery; Malcolm,7 Royal Engineers; Dr. Hudaway, Deputy Inspector-General of. HIospitals; Ensign Stapp, 58th; Qoartermaster Morris, Paymaster Jassidy, Dispenser 3altiand, Mr. Souter (Chief Interpreter to the Army in the East), Commar's Clerk Jeans; five second-class passengers; 290 men of the Infantry DepOt of Scutari, 102 Aedical Staff Corps, 100 Lnd Transport Corps, 20 of the Royal ArtiUery, and 47 -Royal Sappers and Miners. These and the others in the Assstance clear out the establishments ashore lately occu pied by the British in the Crimea and Bosphorns, with the exception of 15 orderlies, under General Storis, at Constantinople. The transports Assistance and Resolute report the arrival at Gibraltca- on the 9th inst. of the Prussian frigate Danzig, bearing the flag of Prince Adalbert, High Admiral of Prussia, which had left the port a few days previously, bringing an account of a coUlision with the Riff pirates. Trince Adalbert, being desirous to see the spot where a Prussian vessel had been plundered some years before, attempt-ed to land in one of the ship's boats, but on reaching the beach was fired upon and prevented from so doing. The IPrince then returned to the frigate, manned and armed the boats, landed, and charged the Riffias gallantly up a hill; but they were completely surrounded by the pirates, -and compelled to retreat to their boats under the frigate's guns. The Prince raceived a ball in his thigh, his aide-decamp (flag-lieutenant) was mortally wounded, and died soon nfter getting oa'board the frigate; a mate of the Danzig was shioi through the elbow joint, seven men were Idlled, and 17 vounded, three of the men were left on the field, and could not be got off. The remainder of the kIlled wero buried at Gibraltar with military honours, and the wounded removed asfhore to the military hospitaL The Prince's wound was going Dn favourably. Her Majesty's steam sloop Vesuvius had been despatched from Gibraltar with an account of the outrage to be presented to the proper authorities. The work of fitting out the huge floating battery Thunlaerbolt, at Woolwich, built by Messrs. Samuda, by order of Government, is at length completed. Tne power of steam by which, under ordinary circumstances, she will be proPeledisto ba supplied from a couple ot high pressura engines of 200-horsepower collectively. These engines have been fitted by Messrs. Miller, Ra'-enhill, and Salk-eld, and yesterday morning underwent a lengthened trial in the fitting basin of the dockyard, under the superintendence of the engineer department and the firm. The observations taken during the trl of the machinery were reported as highly satisfactory, the screw performing ab the rate of 120 evolutions per minute. The diameter of the cylinders is 32 iach-s, the length of stroke 2 feet, and pressure of steam in the boilers 601b. The artificer employed have learnt with much satisfaction that the Lords of the Admiralty have signified their intention of paying a special visit to the Thunderbolt on the forthcoming half-yearly inspection which is about to take place in Woolwich. It is conjectured that on that occasion sha wi be hauled out of the basin for the purpose of proceeding on a trial trip. The Thunderbolt, having been forwarded to Woolwich in its eafliest stages of construction, irrived there a mere shell. Daring the progress of the internal arrangements a subdivision of the vessel suggested itself to Mlr. Samuda as a practicable resource, available in cases of casuslty. He thereupon carried out the plan of thoroughly subdividing the vessel not only into a number of water-tight compartmeuts, but even into component floors, with double bottoms effectually water-tight, which extend over the whole range of the coal bunkers, so that in the event of any contact of whatever nature with the bottom of the ship, the damage would be confined to the comparatively small space between the inner water-tightjfloor and the hull of the ship. The same arrangement is carried out still further aft, throughout the whole of the store-room and the screw alley. In passing oVer a reef of rocks, or of meeting with any of the novel inventions for blasting ships, the protectionwoald be equally available. The following circular, haviiik reference to the movements andbifleting of troops, has beerx issued by direction of the Secretary of Steat for Warx- " The Secretary cf State for War havirg hbd under consideration the proposal that in all cases in which troops are moved long distances by railways, anad are not biUleted on the way from one station to another, the full marching allowance should be granted instead of the alowance of 10d. due under the Mutiny Act, to the innkeepers when troops aire billeted, I have the honour to acquaint you, for the information of his Royal Highness the General Commanderin- Chief, that, withthe view of expediting the movemcnts of troons, aid at the same time avoiding the inconveniences bnd r4larities ariig from large bodies of troops being billetedf6r a unght in populous places, Lord Panmure is prepared to sanction a charge of the full marching allo wsance zorthe soldier4,provided the distance travelled m one day and night shall exceed 100 miles, or the journey be carried into lawte hour of the night, and that the troops shall not be billet-d at any place on the journey whereby the allowance of 10d. for the hot meal will become dne to the innl;eeper. ." B. HAWES. "The Quartermaster-General." The following officers, belonging to the Provisional Battalion at Chatham, have completed their course of musketry instructions under Captain W. Nott, g,S3d Regiment> and ieAutenant A. hPLeod, 78th Highlanders, the instractors in musketry at Chathat&Garrison -Liaeutenant H. S; Stabb, :32d Regiment; Ensign R Parsons, *35th (Royal Susex) Regiment; Ensign HL. O. Bateman, 43d Light Infaitry ; Ensign T. Apjohn, 4.5th Regiment; Ensign -. Sehlotel, 81st Regimert; and Ensign H. T. W. 0. Kenny, S4th Regiment. The troops belonging to the corps of Royal Sappers and Miners at Chatham, and the troops belonging to the East India Company's service, are busily engaged in making extenzivd'preparationas for a grand review and siege operations on a scale of great magnitde which are shortly to take place at Chatham, in the presence of his Royalx Highness the Duke o: Sbimbridga and other-distinguished visitors, in which the whole of the troops belongtng to the Royal Engimnei, as well as those belonging to the Provisonal battalion, will be engaged, The precise day on which the siege apem'tions will take place has not yet been announced. Appointments.-George R. Gliddon, assistant-paymaster, to thuTbrloLis; Marmaduke P. S. Ward, assitant-sugeon, o4 WTdrPErtimouth Marines; IHenry P. Houghton, acting rIer;tQhe Edinburgh.
POTRAIT Or GInERAL Wn -r.-ReMaj e8ty' hf ptgraphs, by, -Mayafl, of -the principal offCccISnr=ctedwith the Crimean campaIgn has just ro ceived its la,st~ bhu not least interesting, aadition in the port Q op G9eneral Wmdham, the "hero of the Redan." HerIb&!asy. having graciously eop.eszed a vish to have the Ger,e,}ls photogapb, Mr. MaynU has eucceeded. in produeingW remarkshly fine speci!netof the art. RtMjstoi. SvUiK-31T&s~ AUg. l5.-Very little b3tz55 Ils3 bean transacted duringt the past, week, and cesmit be qnoted od. per c lt. lower. flealers,howover, ire =ot inclined to parch'- even at this reduction, especialy il p-an sugars, as -refners' produce i!g dull of eale, and pni~innrnamuserativo to the manufacturer at the present rate-i for rza. oho market closes languidly, and with a dow2mud r teaecy, yet holdera are not dispoied to preis
2'HT--E ZATR A so U :TH 4Aqs 'I- - - l'ONTYPIRIDD, MvG. 15. Tho a Qurnecrlincquest ,i,n the boidies-of-thi-1.14 ~lir who were dlled byan exp oeein of firedanep ptin' thc Cym me- C'Olliery, Mcar thin t-owin; was proceeded'with ta-day.: A' 118:g number of co-Uiearasid othnr isterested again tattbekded, and numerous delegates from the various - collienres in South Wales madetheir appearance to consult with Mr. Owen, the gentleman representing their interest.. The circumstaces of 1.e acddenit still form -the ger,eral topics of conLversation in the neighbourbood, and the pra.- sentin ryis rienderecl stillmre important from the belief, which is very prevalent, that the ventilatiou of the numer(Ds pits in the district is ex tremely defective, it being hoped that this investigation will be the meant of introducing an improved system. The oDerations, which were suspended in .tho pit inwhich the explosion took place, have not yet been resumed. The relief -fund is progressing favourably, and the committee have investigated the claims of the survivor;, and have apportioned the weekly relief -among them in progprtion to tie extent of the fsmilies of tho widows who have been reduced to that stato by the accident.- We have been requested to state that the subscription of 31r.- C. Rt. Talbot is 2001., instead of 1001., as stated in the first instance by our reporter. On the reassembaing of the jury after the adiournment yesterday the examination ot Rowland Rowlands was continued. a answer to questions put by Mr- Owen, he stated that a few days before the explosion Thomas Davis, who with his three sons was killed by the explosion, asked why Morgan, the fireman, had not visited his stall, but did not say t=at there was fire in it. The explanation Morsan rmade when told about it was that he looked for the ticket, but could notfind it. Davis said tbat heleft it where it was usually placed, and the fireman told him, that he pat uP a stic", whereuaon Davis said it was all right. Myr. HrudIleston.-Willanaa Thomas askedl my persols. sin to work in David Morgan's stall, the latter having gone aay ashort time for his healtb. Thomas also asked me to allow little Llewellyn his brother, tocut coalwitiba m.e I refused hisn pernnission to work in that stall, and told him I could not allow the boy to cut cual anywhere. The body of the boy was discovered ink the parting of this very stall. From the position in which it lay he app eto have been about to enter-it. He had his tuas straped his backc. Two of the firemen of the Dinas c iryo gointo he potafterwards found the imy's cap on the faceof he eadng,and also tw.o pieces of timber, which, fromthepostio inwhich they lay, appeared to have been putup at the entrance of the stall. Last Saturday night I wrent dowvn the pitwith the Dinas firemn, anid there Z lsaw the wo iecs oftimer.I believet the body of William Thomnh was founnd at the bottom of the shaigUt heading, whr ehad nobuiesf he had been attending to his duty of hauling. By the Coroner.-Thomas bad no horses in the -pit that day. Ho was only learning to be a hallier. By tx. Owen.-I am no, aware that the danger signal was put up there after the signal ; the firemen never told me so. By Mr. Poulden.-I am perfectly sore that on the 3norn. lag of the explosion the firemeni reported to m re that everything in the pit was right. By the Jury.-L,ewellyn Thomas's body was lying just where the crossbar would have been pub up; his c-ap was further in. He maight, bhy taking a little trouble, have avoided displacing the crossbars, supposing they had been put up there, but he could not enter without perceiving them. When I saw the bars they were not cros-ed. They are composed of propwood used in the mine. The stall in question is in David Joness district. The bo 's head was yig towards the inner part of the stall. I don't think it likely that it would have been in such a position if the ex- plosihd thoc inside. o Iyf thige etxplsion had occurred outsde he psiton o th bod miht hve eenas it was fou;nd, and the cap blownu fuarther in. By Xlsr. Huddleston.-I have done my best to discover where the explosion originated, br.t have been unable to Mr. David Lloyd, colliery manager and contractor, of Cwmamau, deposed generally that 15 months ago he visited Cymer colliery, and found it remarkably free from gas, and that, as compared with other collieries, the ventilation was very good-better han three others which he By Mr. Owen.-I don't now hovv much air in an ordinary colliery is required by each man; that is a difficult question to determine, and there are many opinions upon it. There must have been some inistake to have caused this accident in a pit so well ventilated as this. I can't say whether it was neglect. Mr. W. Bedlington, mineral surveyorof Abersychan ironworks, county of Monmouth, stated that he descended the pit three hours after.- the accident, and helped to get ouat the bodies. He described the scene as give in Rowlands's evidence, and stated that the air was so had in many of the headings that it was impossible to enter. The next day, orn going to the pit, he found that the body of one of the boys had not been discovered. The furnace was lighted by that time, end the ventilation was in the course of retorat-ion. Having descended the pit. hie found that the Sarting at the W-mdway-heading wvas fulU of hydrogen, the oor, which had been blown dowPn, was put up again, and the current turned or which blew the hydrozen into the level. He afterwards visited the mine again, and made a plan, in which he marked the plaes where the men were at work. He found indications of fire ia several of those places. - In the top stall of the straight where the body of ilewellyn Thomas was discovered the coal was much charred. From the position of the doors he was of opinion that an explosion of firedamp must 'bave taken place at the top of Charles's-heading as well as in other places; the doors were all blown up. As fa ashewar able to judge, from the indlications whicg presentd themselves, and from his oxperience, he should say that the explosion took place in the dip hoUow, which stopped tho ventilation and caused explosions in otherpartsof the mine. He was quite aware I that two men who are now alive were sitting near the door of Arthu2rs dip ; but he could not see how any exlosion at 'the far end of the pit could have. reached them, and the fire passed over and burnt them. There must have been an accumulation of firedamp in the upper stall of the straight heading which was not venti. lsted, because the stal was driven '32 yards in advance of the air. and there was no brattice to take it on. There had been a fall in tha' stall, which stopped the aircourse, and a course from the straieht had been made, mtending to strike the stall inside thefall, but, instead of that, it had come out the wrong side. An explosion taking place at Arthur's dip would have the effect of blowing the doors in the direction be saw them, and it would produce such a concussiont in the mine that if it was not very well ventilated the hydrogen whic-h was floating above the workmen in the stalls would be forced down upon the candles of the men, and a series of explosions would ensue wherever any gas mnight be. The Coroner here read the deposition of William Jones, one of the men who had been sitting near the door of Arthur's dip, who stated that the fire camre down the level After hearing that evidence, the witmess said it had induced him to change his opinion, and he now thought the explosion must have taken place in the straight heading, which would include Morgan Griffiths's. stall. He did not iconsider the airways sufficient for a coliery of that magni- tude. If the explosion occurred in the straight heading it [must have been in consequence of bad ventilation. The ventilation was carried on by means of one current of air traversing a space of between five and six mies from the ntaketo the return. In his opinion it was improper to carry one current of air s 'far, if it could be avoided, aud in the Cymamer Colliery it coulld be. The longer the heading the greater was the objection to making the air traverse it in one current. He should have considered it his duty, if he had been the manager of the mine, to drive the stals from Griffith Williams's and Salathiel's heathens to the straight heading, so as to ventilate them separately. It was very undesirable to have a great many doors in a colliery.. The fewer the better. *Had the headings been separately ventiated, the consequence of a door being blown out in one of them'would not have been so serious as when there was only one current, and the effect of an explosion would be confined to the heading in winch it originaated, and would not even stop the workings in another. if a proper system of ventilation had been adopted in this mine he had no doubt that the lives of all the men would have been saved with the exception of those who were in the headings in which the explosion occrred. BAy L-. Owen.-It was most improper that men should have been employed in David Morgan's stall, when it was 32 yards in advance of the air, except for the purpose of driving an air-course, and in that case safety lamps ought to have been uscd. It wvas the duty of the orermnan to prevent any one from working iu that stall. If it had been visited by a fireman on the morning of the explosion he ought to have known that there was no air circulating in it. He would not, perhaps, have found any hydrogen in the roadway, but the danger lay in theo" goaf,' or waste. The pit is not a very easy one to work, and therefore more care ,than usual ought to have been taken by the manager. By Mr. Huddleston.-The fall tank: place inx David Morgan'sesalbeforetheday of th-eexplosion. Lfthe overman refused to allow men to work in that stall he would not be responsible. The system of ventilation adopted at this pit is smilar to that in use in other pits in the neighbourhood. In my oinion, the whole district is imperfect. M. Eu2ddleston.-Thero are Government inspectors of collieries here, and I hope they will make a note of the witness's last statement.. The Court adjourned at 7 o'clock, and assembled again this morning at half-past 10, l,hen Morgan Rowlands, one of the firemen, gave a general description of the appearance of the pit the morning of the explosien. Hgis district to examine as fireman that day was Jacob's-heading, EAvan Phillips's dip, Richard Reeco's stall, Chnarles's-heading and stalls;, and A rthur's dip, the latter of wlhich wai kept open for the purpose of depositing rubbish, ,There was no one working there. He commrenced Eis inspec- ton abou half-past 3, o'clcFl, and went through every stall and workinVplace in theheadings in'his district The time of his ispection averaged About two and a-half hours. He did not see any gas in Arthur's dip that morning, and had never seen any there at alL He was there an hons before the men 'went to work. The colliers sometimes descended the pit befere the firemen had como out by deceiving the. breaksman, and on one! occasion a man WaVS found in a, stll -.in. Charles's-heading by the fireman, when he went to inspect the stall. That was contrary to the rules. Pavid 'Jones's distriect that morning comprised the Windwiaj-1vel, T. Flinnonwen's, Morgan's, Griffith's% Salathiel's Straight, aiid Mos's hesdings. It rwas customary, after the threefiremen had gone roundto m ke their inspetion, forus to,ineet toge. ther at thebotom ofthe mine endconsult about the repo2tt The witness continued, ie there was arything -rong *o. gave tvo Isnocks with a hammer. On the -mo,rning of the inspectiou, Jones had gone -down betore W. Thomas sad mye6 Th fe custom was for them to report to mne, andI I took upon myself thajesponsibility of reporti to- te ovepit, and met imalthat mornin at theM tem Iof tihe pit, and David Jonus told me that he had seen nofiro anywhere except in tha-ppes stall of the straight heading, David Morgan's stal; Iiked how mik fize uc ere wa hr,adb ad,asihlqatt.[iqie wleri w-s an erpidt& t a e a fo antohera zawnani thoe. e*1 s P P mmeth1ilnba llen in the strywhici caused Ithe ore. iask blmef ha hadp ut u he danger mark, and he sid he bad in ame eaPitthe inride of the wine- ay, the afr-uom whic -brought th air from the other stanl t Pd J ath&t m avidy Itoldot rgan, whio worked insthat stall, was gone to teo seadide, and wethgreed-to mnet in the staUnllfter breakfast. We then gave three knocks the signal for all right, and ascended the nit. I did not see any mnien going down, but somae ~f theni muight av goedown while I was coming up. When. 'I-V aid at the purface the mien wtere going down. I sat down ats the pit's mnouth etn a piece of -plank, and tie other twowent home. T1wats not manuy- mndutes there before my brother RowlandA lolands -(th overman) cainup. He askedmne howtliingesatood there. Itol1d himn. "Aflright." This was about half-past68or7Vo'clck. The witrnem was here directed to read the 20-h rule for the regsartion of the collicry, which stated tat the overman should report to the manager and the deputy to -the Overman a' I accidenits or defects 'whuch mour in tho mine. The overmarn shaNl aq~nd any and all Opierations attended with uualrisk mt Iho shall recei've specia instrnctf6ns thereon from the manager, and shall stop the w~rkicig-or use of. any pit which may appear not safe untiiithe removal of the defect. Examination resumed.-I received the rules six week.s before the accident, anLd have frequently reatd them, hut dlid notunderstand thatreblethen, and do notyet. Tho reasonwby I di no reort he xisenceof as n tat stall that,inorn- The examination of the witness had not concluded When the midday adjournment took place.
THE LARD TR46SPO1r CORPS. TO THE EDITOR OE THE TIES. Sir,-There is one department which has toiled faithfully thrtough t-he heat of the day, the officers and Inen of which have received no sbahre of the honours liberarly diseed on all others, and -whose services have ecacely received any ubilic reco nitiOn-I mnean the Land Transport Cor. he men, as they arrive from the Crimea, are disbanded at the moment of setting foot upon the shores of England, but I believe a portion of them are to be re-enlisted. In January, 1855, when the armvin the Crimea was in eat extremities, owing to the totaL failure of transport, a an of oefficers, under tne direction of Colonel AiSrurdo, started, without men, on the almos' hopeless enterprise of attempting to establish and organize a system of. transport, in the midst of operations against an active and enterprising enemy. These officers were told that the corps was to be an integral part of Her Xaiesty's forces; and that they would, if deserving, share in aU the honours and distinctions that might be awarded during the war. I donot saytthat the system originally attempted was the best that could or might have been adopted. The urgency of the demands from the trenches for ammunition, shot, shell, &c., rendered any definite system all buti. possible. Suffice it to say that, before the fall of Sebastopol, nearly, if not morethanlO,000animalshadbeencollected and forwarded to the Crimea, where they were emuployed in the operations of the siege, and that small reserves existed in depGts at Sinope and Dardanelles; the railway had also been transferred to, and was worked by, the corps.' Your '"Own Correspondent" can testify hovw officers and men (2!000 of the latter having arrived) worked early and late, wsth no regular time for food or rest, and to this the great mortality among the men is, I th'mnr, mainly to Se at. tributed. Who supplied the trenches with water and ammunition with shot and shell, with ambulance and cacolet for the wounded? In thess duties both ofiicers and men were constantly under fire. It is beUeved that a desnatch was written, detailing if not individual acts, at any rate the general service, and more particularly the amount of vork done by the corps during the last days of the - siege; it is believed that this despatch was submitted to Her Majesty, who was graciously pleased to express her approbation of these services. If this be zeally the case why was no Companionship of the Bath conferred on any one of the officers ? Why should no oflicer or man, withthe exception ofthe director-general, have beenrecommended to oIs Imperial Macesty for the Lec'ion of llonour (so graciously and liberally given, and so hig3Ly appreciated by its recipients), although ten of ficers of the medical staff and six of the commissarnat w ere recommended for and received the latter decoration ? Hadthis omission been known to our gracious Queen and her illustrious ally I feel convinced that such a cruel and invidious distinction would not have been permitted. After a distasteful, laborious, aud weary service, these officers, whose efforts, at any rate, have not been altogether unsuc. cesseul either in assisting in the reduction of Sebastopol, or subsequently in reorganizing and getting up a tolerably efficient train, find, on their return to their country, their services unaclnowledged and unrewarded, leading naturally to the conclusion that they have not given to the Govemment and people of England the same satisfaction as other branches of Her Majesty's service. One officer, whose name I enclose, has never been a day absent from duty, and was in command both at the capture of Kertch and during the days of the final bombardment. Parliament is not sitting, no questions can be asked or retauns moved for, and it is on y through your oolumns that the unmerited treatment of this corps can be brought under "eftic FAIR PLAY. London, Aug. IL
THE ErERTAmTh-T To : GUARDS.-A sum of nearly 7001., which will probably be stiU further aug. mentedi6vthin the next 10 days, has been already subscribed towards the dinner about to be given tothe Guards&who have returned fromn the Crimea, and the event is fixed to take place at the Surrey Gardens, on Monday, the 95th of Au. gust, at 2 p.m. A committee, with the Lord Mayor at its head, for conductingtho ncesary arrangements, sits dailyat the library of 3r. Sams, in St. James's-street. Theinvitation to the festival has been addressed to the colonels commandin" the several regiments, by whom it was acceDted on behaOf of the non-commissioned officers and men, and a brigade order issued notifying the invitation and the time and place ofthe entertainment. The invitation is confined to the medal men among the troops. The directors of the Surrey Gardens have, with considerable liberality, intimated their intention to place at the disposal of the Banquet Committee all sums which may be paid by the public for admission to view the ceremony; and, in the event of any surplus remaining, after defraying the cost of the entertainment, it is the wish of the committee to devote it to the aid of some public institution connected with the army, to be after. wards selected by them. VACXNCIES, APi'om-rNms, AtxD PRoMTIoNs ni TE CsnvL SEnRVicR.-The Foreign Department.-The Consnlsbip of Smymna has become vacant by the death of Mr. R. iv. Brant-salary 7001. General Post-offlce.--Mr. W. A. Derrar, of the Second-class Accountant's-office, GeneralPost-office, Edinburgh, has, after a competitive examination, been promoted to the Second-class in the Secretary's office. Prisons Deparitment.-Mr. William Byers Penny has been appointed Junior Clerk in the Queen's Prison, ScuthwaarX, and passed his examination. The Board of Trade.-hfr. Jackson, Fourth-class Clerk in the General Register and 31ecord-office for Seamen, has been appointed a Clerk in the Junior Class at the Board of Trade-salary lOl, rising by 151. per annun to 3001. * Mr. Simpkins, | Senior Supplementary Clerk, Board of Trid, has been ap- pointed Ascountant to the Department of Arts and Designs, arlborough-houose. A vacancy has been caused in the Fourth Class of Clerks in the General Register and Pecord of Seamen-office by the promotion of Mr. Jackson. The second Vacancy in the same office and class, caused by the .resignation of Mfr. Swayne last year will, it is e.pected, be shortly fflled up. The Seaman's Saving Bank Act, lately paed, will render necessary some addition to the clerical staff under - the Board of Trade. Customs.-Mr. F. W. Chaplin, clerk fifth-class, has been promoted to clerk fourth class, Long-room, London. Mr. Joseph Evans, extra clerk, has been promoted to ninth clerk, Belfast. Inland Revenue Department, Stomups and Taxes Branch-MEr. B. H. Row, Surveyor of Taxres, Dorchester, has been promoted to the. NTottingham Division. Mr. Samuel T. Oram, Surveyor of Taxes for theCoventry district, has been promoted to the dilstrict of Watlmngton, Oxfordshire.-CijiU Se2L'iCC Gaze#c. TEEAT to KAGGID SCHOOL (Onnsrnrsne-O.f late much has been said and written about the improved condition of the poor inhabitants of the parish of St. Giles's-inthe-Fields, and truly a great alteration for the better has taken place within the last few years among the p'eople of. this densely populated neighbourhood, and among the meaus to whichts change maybe attributed is the establishmentof ragged schools in the parish. The raged schools and Refuge for Homeless and Destitute Children of the united parishes of St. Giles-in-the-Fields and St. George, Bloomsbury, now comprise two dayschools for Wnants, one day and two night schcols'for boys, one day and night school for girls,two Sunday schol1s, tvo refuges for homeless and desti tateboys and girls, where 70 children are fed, lodged, clothed, educated, and trained for serviceeit home or in the colonies; two classes for the moral aud religious improvement of the mothers of the children, and one for the fathers, 1do clothing clubs,, provident fund, &c. The whole^' in s'ruction in these schools is gratuitous, and, wit' encourage the children to regular attenda-.e, r ire treated to an annual excursion into the counu:;, t+hat a all events for onae day in the year they 3Ma- EM J- the freh. air and green fieldls. Wednesday latst was fl rEk pointed for the treat-a day looked forward to witha cculh anxiety by the children-when 455 of the chelars Y rere assembled, and seated in 11 vans; and about half-ast9 o'cloclk in the morning started from Broad-street, St. Gile's, amid the cheers and greetings of a very large gathering of the parents and friends who assembled to witness the' 'le. parture ofthe little ones 'for the spot. whither they ere. bound,-viz, the Lower Park,. Iichmond. it is impes.- sibleto describe the joy and gladness *hich peradd- the hearts and countenances of the c'nildreii, nd_the scene at parting from the neighbourhool will not'soon -be forgotten y thechildren and those who were kathered. to wisess. theirdeparture. The day was pirticarly fine, and. the ride to Richmond-enjoyed beyond descrjifitnn. ISoen after 12 o'clock the youthful chargo and their teach"ra ahed the spot phere the day vwas to be spent. 'It isT deligtful Dart of the park assigned for suchjuveilegatherinile atndfSir. -Benjamin BaTlawould onlysetapart, a space 1i J, criciet. Bround, which could very easily be done, it would, be the best place arounld the metropols .to which schools could resort for a day'irecreation. ^The children wete suppTied vi.h a substantial dinner and tea, and every nbans taken boy the teachers and friends to make it a happy da as indeed a glorious day for the children, and 'e which will be long remem bere hem. Everything passedoff rmost happiy adtnhtolrcedhomne Ln safety, to the great delight of the parents and inhabitants, who again assembled to welcome them home. The -expenies of this' trt are raised by specl subscriptions, so a not to -inter. fere with the fundsof the schol. Sfficieat has not ,et been rasd to mueet the expenses, and it is hope 'thit w'aen ' this is known the friends of te poor will he kiind eno -1 to sa5ist in raising The remainder. Donations, whlich cant remitted boypostage stamps or ?oet'eQice ord&rs. ill be thankfully' received by the eecretarg, r.; W. Williams, ,Schoel-honse, 19, Broad-street, Sd> tPlles-
THELaT R _A . . Dr. 33ucklsnd, Dex of 'Weas &tnstkr, vat etheir and. 3irnrd widelklmowaaasnonet of the first' geologists of his day, die at-0 haii-on, Thursdy ls.at the l4th inst.Un bappily, the inte3lectdal datlh of Dr. Ilecldand dvates, no'. froxm the yer 18SK but -from'saome aix or seven years ago, since which time a ciouais comie overliisonce activeminid, and he has spent the eveising of life in confineaenit. --- William Backlid 'was born at Axmiinster, in the county of Devon, in the year 1784 He received his early education, at Winchester school, 'whence he rebmoved to Oxfora inL :1801, lbeing electea to a schiolarhip on the Exeter founda.tionof Corpus Christi Colleg.e.. He took his degrteeofBI.A. in 1805, just before the institutilon of the system of classical honourp, so the.twelook in vin for his name-in the oxford class lists. Ee wss elected Fellow of his college ini 1808, and gainedanaarlyrep)utationforhi~ssientdflcattaiamntsin'geo- logy. Accbrdinglyinl8l3he was ~poin.tcdPeaderii&in~era, logy, and in-1818 Reader in Geology, to the University. Hisz geological lectures are smidlto have beeni charaatera;ed by such clearness and coiip~rehensiveness, accompaniea by aptness of illusration, thlat they- were attended with narkeed~ success. Geolozy as a -science at that time -was~ almost i-n its infancy, and much of its vigorous'advarinceratain subse. quentY~earsis Auebt&-the interest excite-danong thUd Bud b r.Ecklajid's Oxford lectuires. -The geolOgica museum at Ox.ford owes'-its b1lief excellence to D1r. Buck. land's industry in procuiing and arianging. omes par. tiulry of the remains of the larger'foasil mammialia andi tl"~ iasfrom cves, and subterranean localities ini England and on-rthe continent. He s_pared neither pains otor expense in his travels, w'hich hie 'undertook solelf for the purpose of mnakdng the collection, worthy- of -the University; -and of advancirigthe scene whc itwas intended to 'illustrate. - This -was - xempilifiecl 1in- his Descrip)tive NfOtW, with sections of 50 milei. oif the lish coast, written conijbintlj'wjt'h his ol friend Dr. Conybearq- the present e6an .of Li1andaff, durin -a tour in Ireland, made in the year 1813, andl publ :ished in the third -volume of the Tramsactions of ithe Geological Bociety. - In 1818 Dr. Backlaid was elected.a Fellow of the Royal Society. In 1820 he deliveredi before the -University -of Oxford a lecture;. which was afterwards ptLblished Dunder the title of V'indicice Geotogim ; or, tlse Connazion of Gcoetogjy wit Beligion Exitaile& The object of this lecture 'was to showy- that the stucly of geology, so f.ij from being irrehigious or atheistic in its- consequences has a tendency to confirm thd evidences. of natuaral religion,. ap td that the facts developed by it ars coansstent with the .accounts of the Creation and Deluge as recorded inj the BOO& of Genesis. In 1822 Dr. Buckland,communicated to the R-oyal Society an "1Account-of an. assemblage of fossil teeth andl bones of elephants, rhinoceroses, 11ipopotamni, hears~, tiggers,hymnnas, and 16 other kinds -of animals,,discovered in a cave at Kirlkdale, Yorlcshire." For this publicationi t'he society awauded himir their highest -honour-the Copley medal. This Paper was mnade the foundation of a treatise published by him" in 1823, entitled "1 Ret ioqu 0 Dilucrianx ; or, Obserractions.on, Orgas±ic BRemains afttstintg thec Acti'on of a Universal Deluge" -a work which p roved 'of essential service not only in thie prlomotion of geeologcal science, bilt ink reconciling -its studay -to many persons who viewved it -with Lsuspicion as advers- to religion. Iu 1825 Dr. Buckland vacated hiis fellowship by accepting from his College the living Of Stoke, Charity, near Whit. church, Hants; in the same year- he was promoted to.a CanOnrY in the cathedral of ChrTist Church, and mnarrie'd 'Mmy theeles daughter 'ef Mr. Benjamnin Morlaind, of Sheepstead-houze, Abingdoi. JiY 1882' we find.him presidinig over the second meeting'of the British Association held inOxford. Four ye-ars later haeuhimlished his cele~ bratedEBridgewater Treatise, in 2 Viols.. Svo., entitled: Geology and Mineralogy, Considceiir with eforeace to XalhuraZ Theology., The discovery of new fasts by the inductive processs pursuled by geologists had 'naterially advanced the progress of geological science ini the few preceding years, and, Mdifyingm this work the previous diluvial theory, Dr. Buckland brought the weight of his authority to support the views now genera3ly receis-ed upon the subject. One of the most able of his numerous geological wrtngs asubsequently testified by Sir-li. IMrcion. and Professor gesdgwick, was a Sketch of the Strucature of the Alps, nublihefiedi the Annals of .Philosoqphy, in -vhich . he showed for the first time that mnany crystalline rocks of that -chain are of 'no higher antiquity than our own lies, Ooliftic, and aretaceous formations. The T2'ansadicns of. -the Geological Society contain a variety of contributions from his pen, all evidencing his skil as a geolog-ist and a palaiontologist. Amnong them perhaps the maost practicaldly valuable is his Descsition of the ou&u11cWesern Coal District of England, wbvichhe gve to the world in 1825. It has stood the test of miorethn 80 years, and is appealed to by all scientific prsons as a standard workc._In 1827 Dr, Buckland was Kist choseni one of the C-ouncil of the RoYal Society, and again was re-elected on mach successive occasion down. to the :year 1849, when his- miental malay began to exhibit its first symptoms. - He was also one of the earliest memabers of the Geological Society, into which he was elected inL 1813, and of 'which 'he was twice chosen President. His anniversary addresses are printed in the Journal of that society. He was vlso One of the fellows of the Idnazean Society. In 1847 he was appointed a trustee of the British Museum, and for two years took. the -greatest interest in arraging and increasing the geological ~collection there, as well as in the diffusion ot scientific knowledge by tak-ing an active part in the meetings of ~hslosophicasocieties. We may moreoparticularlymention Er hMurnu oDf Practical.Geologym inJermyn-street, in the first foundation of which he laboured diligently in conjunction with the lato Sir Henry Do La B e-he, of whom he was the intimate friend, as well as of Lyell, Murchison, Greenhough, Conybeare, and Sed-gwic]-, wVhose names -we have already mentioned. I In 1845 Dr. Buckland was preferredl by the late Sir Robert Peel to the Deaneryv of Westminstesr, vacated by the promotionl of Dr. Samuel Wfiberforce to the episcopal bench. In this capacity he wats worthy of all praise Eor havi-ng set an example to other cathedral bodlies by facilitating the admission of the public to view tuhe moniuments and other. objects of historic interest contained in the Abbey Ch~irch. He also exerted himself as a sanitary reformer, and especially in the endeavour to secure the benefits of pure water for the metropolis - -with this object in view, he wrote, spoke, and preached incessantly while allowed the udse of -mma sana in cor,pore sano. As a theologian Dr. Buckidand never distinguished himself. The Deanery of Westminster baq oftn proved a stepoing-st-one to a bishopric ; Dr. Buckland's two immediate pr~dicesors -Dr. Wilberforce and Dr. Tarton-were promoted respectively to the sees of Oxford and Ely.
SPOAMIING IHTEELIGENCE. I!PTI.17'Pq I TH}E GENTLEMEN Or KPEN AND SUrSS- AGAINST T3H I GENTL!Fl_?N Aw VNMTA.. CANATERBURYlX ZPa0.&- EVnzG. The gentlemen of England finished their first inning3 with the drawing of &the stmpslssteveniog, havingmade ascore of£', !which Ir. a FellowesandMr.E. T. Drake contributed, respectively, B3and 24, thus leaving the counties 85 in advance on the one innings. As custotnary, the proceedings of the day wound up -with the amnateur theatuicals in the evening. This morning thegneo w,as resumed by England againappearing a, the wickets. The attendance was very good, and the weather, on the wvhole, exceedingly favourable. MIr. Ponsonby, though celebrated for lOng scores, managed to nake lGS runs, the highest number, :t is said, that hasever beenrecorded against hisname. Mr. Morse also played well, and defended his vicket until he had scored 31 The fielding of tho counties,_ altbough fair, woo not so good as we bave seen it; but Mfr. Andrew- and Captain: Teweli certainly worked welL The second innings of England was not finished until half-past 5 o'dock, w.hen the telegraph obowed 192 rues The counties, therefore, had 103 runs to make to conquter They speedily appeared at the wickets to the bowling of 3Mr. Stewart and Ms. W. Fiennes. The odds were in. favour of Kent and Sussex. Mr. Field, Mazor Oxenden, Mr Crtels, and Mr. E. Trederoft were respectively in and out or 26 runs Four wickets dowun for 26 runs Great intereet was now manisfested mn the result of the game, and thus itood the score at 6 o'clock:- g Km-aS saraSESX First Innings Second Innings. bMr. G. n eld,nout .. . cHaatopp . 6 hfr; W. S. Norton, b. Stewart.. 62 notont .4 Mr. T. W. Wills, b. W. Pleunes 5 MajiorOxenden,c.Ma-rns, b. .ouoons ,. Ma. b. V 2 b. W. Mennes .. .. .. 31 Piennes .. .. .. ..10 CaptainDenne, c. licholson, b. - - .Boeoby. . . .20 Mr.H.ALdcuctels,b.W.Piennes 1 b. 'I. iennesT. , ,.1 MEr.fl Tzederoft, c. 1Lpe?llowTB, .J . ,run out . 6b.W.Pienes Captain Taswvell,b. WF. Piensas S Mai]or Hareus, not cut.. 6 BSes,5; L-b ... 3;wride S8 16 Byes,&c . Total. 184 Total .. . Yus. 31uni.econ nnionL-. AL. C. Gordos, b. Ws .. I b. Norton.. ., - Hon. S. Ponsonby, at. Paine, 'b.Hareno .. . .1 ferl . ..13 Mr. W T.SlebSeoiuV 5 Wills, b a Kresart b - Wills . 31 [ >,-'{a. c. A'.-" .. , .Ko. .. . H."... .'1-V0 c ..Herene 13 Hen. s,\ -ientcz, -ut. Auat&ewe, b.!- ao . . 4 b.Worton,' . Hutti B- Stec4ie*4 a Wills, b. E,trenc2 0 c..' Ozenden, b. Norton .. 9 few. a <nsxes, b. Iareano2 c. Paine, b. Tsedroft G Mr. H. Fellowex,,ilotout - . 38 mu out. Mr,1 S. . I Ha.topp, by Ha- - .ren S.£not out . a 9 15 ,I l'L-h; 3; w. 2 6 D ye°B 3;1.b,, 2;, w., g Total.. Total .. .. 192 T'ho mnpires were '.r. H. Itoyston and Mr. P. Pch.
'XIEMaSENTA=rio OF GLAX~ORGAINSMIE.-It Was meently stated iu T'he Times that, Sir George Tyler declinirg to be again nominate-d for this counity, Mr. Viw6hanlhad offered himself in the Conservative interest. anid -Tir. Hussey Vivian inthe Lbeainterest. Mr. Vivian ,ies since issue an addre.sst-otheoel e, oiin wlich le refer Hdi;or the -abolition oftuc-ie%-elv-in""g theni to be "nn ustu and obno3doas ;"I he is oppoea to aill legilsativ-e distinction on religious grounds ; is for the ballot,holding that "freedom of election is not attained under the existing law ;" ad he has voted for the appointment. And adtvance. nient of our civil serviats on the ground of competency and mnerit, because, he adds '! I detest, the present system of political jobbing and favouritismy ecntne* lbl itfrtorough reform of-ou.r milit&'rysyatem~, because I -believe that the gmeater pert of the di-A-de-rs which betel (Ur gallant army intelt i a 6~tae oasirl dherence to-efiete. routine, base upn appobintments -criinuting in interet' anid nepotnia; rathr thn -merit. 1ree t~rade his triumphantly established itself;- the preffictions (f its wanMest Advocates ha1vebeen fulfild;Ris formier .cpponents seem, indeed, now to be its sbspporters I congratulate you and the country' upon thlis fiac. In co6ncla -Sion, he says Jae sall1h ready at the proper season to enter fully upon all political-questions, pas or pending.' - - - HAtvxsT Paospyx,r rN S)= n in-h harvest has very generAlly commenced - in th county, and the result is as yet witboedi exoeton of the moe'tggg ,deacriptioni The yiel4 ig .perabundaeik and1 the ete aul that couldl be desired.! -FEmA-TAT=Ax, Thursda .-Byatpo graphical errr the 're -d Fazsele~to fe t. ir wras ret nmeclat 25 o1,instead at u 3i . Tb is. take was c-orrcted in our eoncd&dition. -
ODD FRLLOWS AT 2HE CRYSTAL PALACE. I~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIES. Sir,-The committee for conducting the excursion to the Crystal Palace on Monday, the 4th of August, regret the letter of an "Eye Witness" was printed without mquiry into tho truth of its assertions. The whole com3ittee consider that, in justice to the "Odd Fellows," who undoubtedly are formed, like other friendly societies, of the 61i eof the working classes, that there sould be inserted an authorized statement in answrer to that letter, the "facts," so called byan "3Eye Witness," being simple mis-statements. The.Odd Fellows did not persnuade the directors to allow them to go to the Palace, hout entered into an engagement to go thereon the terms stated by public advertisement, "Many" did not get more liquor t.hanthey were accustomed to, hut had the like refreshment as other vsitors on ordinary dayss. About 300 members and fziends sat dorn to a d;nr at which Lord Pobert Grosvenor presided. The Odd Fellows chalenge "Eyge Witness"' or any other person to prove any case of disorderly conduct. The general remarks of the visitors were that they had never seen such an assemblage so -well conducted and orderly. The committee disclaim any connexion with "rougbs," if any were present, and, from inquiry, believe none were there. Theyconfidently state that the assertion oE "Eye Witnesa" as to " noise and uprear" is a wilful ntruth. The leader of the band had been asked to pause and allow the Grand 3Master of the Order to give his address, as had been publely announced for -veeks, and sanctioned by the company; and the breach of good faith. in commencing to play before the speaker had concluded was the sole eause of the unpleasantness -which ensued. Audiences at the O_ers, &c., express their disapprobation b hisses, and the vsitors at tho CrystAl Palace only fol;lowed that high e=ample. The band ceased, and no one ascendedtheplatform until an elderly gentleman,whose gray hairs should have, protected hin, -was seen to have been ill. sed by some of the band, hebhaving gone up in consequence of being cowardly struck from the orchestra by one of tho band (with a music stand) hwile remonstrating nst their discourte6us conduct. In the confusion, which lased but a few seconds, the leaderof the baudiht have faen, in his hurry to get off the platform. The committee positivldy assert he was not pushed or, knocked down, and that the officers of -the society ascended, not to attack the band, but to restore order. This they did by caliug out, "Odd Fellows, leave the pl%tform,") and in a minute it was cleared, and all was quiet, The .police, who werepresent the -whole of the timne saw they -were not wanted, there being no "guiltyparties" (of tife Odd Fellows) to seize. Tne public io wrent to the Crstal Palaco lkne* -when they startedthat the Odd Fellows; wculd be there. The biUs posted showed t4t 'the arrugemen tSfor: giving an. address, c, were sanctioned by the comnpany, and the small; minority hD,were mot- satisfed-a with those arrangementa did sot rewquiinsraction tosubmit to the majority-called;, very pol=9y "these Odd Fellows." The omsnittee are not Tesponsible for the small immptu dancing partes referred to by an; "Eye Witness." lhey4o not coniveL such little :niusemSets>As dancing and the cirele formed for harmless mirth. shoud be supprI, oonsidenng tbithdreds wrereintatfriesads sd k }lybetL o eDjo g tbemuelres jwbile waiting for the, trairm. 'Docentliesjoifed in the circleq.and the mnost fkeadious Ternon could not say with tbe lea sade of truth that n'ng happened to seandahzea ingle disitor.- oharmny eof thes anes in the -rIilway sation anad riages" can betese by the evidenoq of the zailway of ae1 &gie thxt. Do greater confusion or-noise prevailed than onany other occaio'when ao greDat a num- her had tobe ocnveyed. The committbe express their deep repe t anything occurred to cas the least unpleasant feelingetat day, and tnut to your wLell-known ;impartiality to insert this conmau~cs.ton. - . - >-7 - - .Sianed bv order b a en behalf of the cormnmitfa - - :. .- .-; :EDWAD IMMTCHELL -siaam 4, Wilaon-stre*, Gy'4,xoa4 &ug. . --, - [M=is Jh'm6on&iett.r weA.eb p1bZged on,tbmisb., jct~ neither of w! h- ~1~~ th 4y itnew'
