DEATHS. On the 29th uIt., at 3, Hamilton-place, General the Earlof Cork and OrrerY, EP., in bis 8ttn year. On the 5th of April last, at sea. of ep asmodic croup, Gilbert Lort. fourth Bon of Dr. Withecombe, of the Bengal Medical Service, aged sir months and 23 days. un the 256: of Msay. on board the Peninularand Oriental Company's Steamer Nubia, off Point dei GaUe, Ceylon. Francis Jeffray Bell. Esq.. of Calcutta, second. surniving son of the late Professor G.J. Bell, of - Edinburgh, aged 33. On the 3d ult., at Dresden, Aronckton Gambier Mathew, youngest Eon of Geo. B. Mathew, Fsq. On the 17th ult., at Keetish-town, m Jalia Janetta Smart, nged S60 On the 24th nlt., SIr. Henry Wyon. aged 22, Royal Mtint. On the 24th c1t.. atWakefield, ntar Montrose. rs. Clondsley, aged 93. most deeply beloved and bi bly venerated by her only surviving eon, Dr. Greig, or Walthamstow House, Essex. On the 25th ult.. at the Avenue, Berwick-upon-Twed, after 24 hours' illness, Jobn Pratt. Faq., of Adderstone Mains, Northumberland, aged 57, deeply lamented. On the 26th alt., at Cale Comer. county Rilkelany, Jobn Butler Clrke SouthwellWandesforde. Eeq., eldestsoaof the Hons.. H.B. C. S. Wandesforde.of Caetl1 Comer,reland,and Kirklington Hall, Yorkahire. On the 27th ult., at Filby House, Norfolk, Edmund Scarsdale, fifth chdil of the Rev. Charees Lucas, aged four months. On the 28th ult.. at 'Kensington, Anna. the beloved wife of Willuam Thomas, Esq., and daughter of the late W-liam Castelt Danmant. Esq., aged 40. On the 2Sth ult., at HoUenden House, near Tmbridge. Anna laria, widow of the late Samuel Eoydell Beckwilh, of Holywell, rants. On the 28th ult., at White-street, Bethual-green, 31r. Henry Gregory, Regitrar of Baths and Deaths, surviving bis wife five months only. (n the 2Sth nlt..at Enowle-greenaHouse, Stalnes,tlearietta, youngest daughter of El. -V. Bull. E5Q.. of Witon-crescent. On the 29th nlt, at, her residence, the Crescent. Leicester, aged 87. M4rs. Eliabeth Palmer, widow of the late Mr. William Palmer, of Himbolton. On the 3Oth ult., at Paugbourne, near Reading, Mr. Wiliam West, in the st5 year of his age. On the 30th ult., in the Cloi3ters, Windsor Castle, Isabella Anna, the Infant dauighter of Dr. G. J. Elvey, aged lO months and 10 days. On th9e 30th ult., at StockwelL, ar,. tho wvife of Ma-. John Eleavwev6, 2--ede9. el Oa the 30th Ita., at No. 3, St. Thomasa-terrace, Church-stret, Old Kent-rezd. Sarah tAher ltend, late or New Brompton. aged 60. On the 30th uIt.. at his residence, Woodlands, near MaIdon, Essex, 1rsderick J. Bell formorly of 838, Oxford-street, London, aged 42; Mm Mary Speneer, late of Stanore-hill, Middlesex, azed 73.
JUDICIA COMMITTEE OP' PRIVY COuYCIo, I . A cTues?ay, July L TPRNSEX A-'D THE UON. FAST IEDIA COMMANY V. DYCB SO3BR, THROUJP. AN}D SOLARO"L (BeforeLod- Juake KNiGHTBRUcE, Lord J.stkeTurCPS,? -Dr. LusmGGToNr, and Sir E. RYA.) Yesterday being appointed for the delivery of the judg. nient in this important caze, there was a numerous attendanco ii the Council Chamber. JDr. Lushington,7 *h6 deiivered. the judgment, entered elaborately into all the circumstances of the case. As, however, we have nob space to detail the various points at issue, we now coifirne ourselves to an outline of the questions involved in the appeal and a statement of the deoision, reserving the particulars till to-morrow.. Dr. Lushington preceded his I judgment by stating that Mr. Dyce Sombre died I on July 1, 1851. On June 25, 1849, he executed a will; and on August 13, inthe same year, a codicil. The will and codicil are Dropounded by Mr. Prinsep, one of the executors therein named. After proceedings of almost unexampled length in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, the learned judge of that court, on the 26th of January last, delivered his judgment pronouncing aganst the will and codicil; and, on the ground that the deceased-was not of sound mind when he executed the sarme, he also condemned M1r. Prinsep, the executor, and the East India Company, who had made common cause with hima, in atU the costs occasioned by this litigation. From this decree an appeal has been prosecuted, and their Lordships are now called upon to determine whether the judgment of the Court below is well founded or not; or, in other words, whether the deceased was of sound mind at the times of the execution of the will and codiciL The learned JuDGE proceeded to detail with great minuteness all the circumstances connected with the case, commenting upon the evidence, and remarking upon the incidents connected with it. After which he delivered the judagment in these terms:- " We are of opinion that when Mr. Dyce Sombre oxecuted this will, and when he &eoduted the codicil, he was of unsound mind, and, consequently, that the acts so done by him were null and void; therefore we shall advise Her Maiesty to affirm the judgment of the learned judge of the Prerogative Court pronouncing against t.he validity of these instruments. There remains, however, another question of great importance with respect to the costs of the suit. The learned judge in the court below has ordered the costs of the suit to be paid by Mr. Prinsep and the East India Company, who have propounded or sup. ported the wil and codiciL The first question upon this subject is whether, under the circumostances known to the appellants at the time when the testamentary instruments were propounded, it was fit that their validity should be submitted to legal investigation and decision, and, if so, -whether there is anything in the conduct of these parties, either before the institution of this suit orin its management since, which ought to subject them to the penalty of costs." The learned judge touched upon several matters connected withthe question of costs, giving the opinion of the Court that the judgment of the Court below, so far as it awards costs against Mr. Prinsep and the East India Company, could not be maintained, and concluded in these terms:- "'Upon the whole, therefore, we have decided humbly to a4vise Her Majesty t4 vary the decree below with respect to costs,; to give no costs assiust the appellants, bbt to allow them out of the estate one set of costs only between Mr. Prinsep and the East India Company, including the ceosts of thin a ppeaL. With respect to therespondents, they will each have their own costs out of their share of the property."
SPORTIVLG IMTBILIGENCE. .NEW5VMARKET JULY MEETTNC-TiTrp~znv> The broad sunshine and balmy atmosphe-re disposed the few'turfites who assisted at the gathering to an unrestrained ejyet of the sport. The racing was certainly not abundant but the July Stakes brouglh out a comparatively large field, and owing to the superiorcharacterof the competitors, occasioned a remarkably interesting race. Lambourn was the only animal of known and approvedmeritamong the starters, but Drumour, Zuyder Zee, and two or three others went to the post with a high reputation. Just before the race Zuyder Zee shied and threw his jockey, and this circumnstance, coupled vith his evident unfitness, caused him to be friendless in the ring. Mr. Howard followed up his success of last year (when he won with Spindle), by pulling through with his highly-tried colt Drumour. After the race 2,000 even was betted on Lanibourn against Zuyder Zee for the Derby ; and 30 to I to 100?. was taken about Zuyder Zee "outrighit?' On the feath Mr. Watt, the superintendent of the traffic depar'tment, announced that a special-train would leave Newpaart ett 6 o'cloc,k, in order to eatch tho 7.15 train at Cambridge. This arrangeiment was a great accommodation, inasmuch as it enabled the visitors to see all the races instead of hurrying off the course to catch the 4.25 regular train. The sport was decided as under HAsNIcAtr SwEmrSwAxrEs of 20 sovs. each, and only 5 if declared, &-c., to go to the owner of the second horse. For 3-yr-olds and upwards. New T.Y.C. 5 furlongs 136 yards. 3 subs. Duke of Becdford's Eloquence, by Chatham, 3 yrs, 8st. Lord Wilton's f. by Birdeatcher, - of Sacrifice 3 yrs, 8st. 41b. (flatman) ... ... 2 yrs; Lord Exeter's Besika, 3 yrs, Sst. (Norman). 3 Betting.h5 to 4 agat loquaence, 2 to 1 agst Sacrifice fily, 5 to 2 aget Besalca. A fine race in, won by a head; fout lengths between the second and third. The JuLx STAES, a subscriptio of 50 sovs. each, eo ft.; for 2-yr-olds. Colts, 8st. 7nh. fillies, 8st. 51b. The second to save his stake. New T.Y. C. 28 subs. Mfr. Howard's D)rumour, by Weatherbit, or Big Jerry, Ss. 71b. (Wells) .. .. .. ..... I M'.r. Crawford's Zuyder Zoe,8sa~t. b. (Bartholomew) ... 2 Mr. E. Parr's Lrambourne, Sat, 71b. (S. Rogers). .. 3 Mr. F. Robinson's Anton, Sst. 7lb. (A. Day) . 4 The following also ran :- Lord Exeter's 'T'urbit, 8St. 71b. (Norman). Lord Glasgow's filly by Irish Birdcatcber - Miss Whip, sat. 518. (Aldicroft). Captain White's Gilliver, Sat. 71b. (E. Sharp). Lord J. Scott's The Dusty Miller, Sat. 71b. (J. Mann). Lord Wilto's colt by Oalando-Ma Mie, Sst. 71b. (Flat- The Vigil was declared not to start a' 2 4ap.rn Betting.-5 to 2 each agst Lambouin and Drumour, 6to l each agst Ma MIie colt and Dusty Miller, 10 ti) I agst any other offered. On proceeding to the&starting-post ZuydEr Zee kicked, and threw Bartholomew who, was sightly shaken by his fall The lot got away on good terms, Turbit having a slight lead, with Zuyder Zee, Lambourn, Dusty Miler, and the da Mie cels clustering well up, with Drumour in close attendance. A t the Plantation Drumour nushed to the front, and Zuyder Zoo and Lambourn went on second and third. No other note-worthy change was made, and Drumour won .leverly by three-quarters of a length; a length betweenthe second and third, and about the same distance between the third and fourth. Turbit and the Dusty Miller were next close together; Aliss Whip filly and Ia Mei colt 'were seventh and eighth; Gilliver was beaten off. SwEEcsrsuz&scx of 10 sova, each, for 3-yr-olds ; colts, 8st, 71b. ; filies, 8st. 41b. The 'winner to be sold for 100?. if demanded, &-c. NTew T. Y. C. 3 s;ubs. Mr. Armstrong's Persia, by Rochester, Sst 41b. (Sly) ... 1 Lord Exeter's Plentiful, 8st. 41b. (Norman) ... ... 2 Betting.-5 to 4 on Persia, who won by a length and a-half. HApsNicxr PL&rs of 701. for 3-yr-olds and upwards. Suffolk Stakes Course (a mifle and a-half). a M1r. Alexander's Crown Pigeon, by Woodipigeon, 4 yrs, 8st. 81b. (R. Cotton) ... ... ... 1... ... Mr. G. Harvey's Dresser, 3 yrs, 7st. (Plumb). ... 2 fluke of Bedford's Triton, 4 yrs. 1st. 91b. (E. Sharp) ... 3 Mr. Saxon's Barrel, yrs, sat. 61b. (. MEann); p. 4 Bettinp.-7 to 4 sat Tito,4 agstBarl5to1gt WVon by three-quarters of a length;* bad third. MAxo-10 h. t.;Sat fib eaib.Criterion Course. MC Alexander's Humnbug recei#es forfeit from Mr. LATEST BEmsN G. GOODWVOOD STAKES. 10 to 1 agst Zeta (taken to 100i.) 12- 1-Goldhill (taken). DixRBy. 25 to 1 agst Bel Oiseau (taken). 30 - 1- Zuyder Zee (taken). HoRsEs STRuck ouT or TrEa ENsGAGoMr-TS. M SnuaMM STAv S.-Arimasnian, Pyrha, andPesalt. CESsRXIsUs ) SraExS.-RHbgoblin, Nutgall geldi'g, AzsaT=nora,,Sagitta, Venus fily,TBlopement colt, B "hmegss of Lraine colt, and Jessie. NEWVMARET RACES (Tais DAY). Four races are set for this day-the first at 2 o'clock ; the last at half-past 3.
|SCOTISH WIDOWS' PUND AND LIFE fSsu- - RANCE 0SCIETY. rAdyertilement. - - The 424 Aninual Ceneral Court of this Societ wsheld in tbo Saloon of the lloy,.l Hotel, Al Prinece-street, on Frday,, the lId of 3fay, teotNoble the Mfarqsi Tweeddaloain the chair. Themnuites1of the Ist annual meeting were real by the Secretary and sppmveof. ~ ~ ~ DokT o h pu.st4ya,fo which ita eas; .Thttheamountofinsurancespassedandcamedthrortzh in the Y-ear IS55 was £39,020. 2. That the capital realized and a mulated anounted St the cIoeo -ofI85 to £2 819,5t9 2s. l0d. 3. That tIe annual revenue anmounted, at the same date, to £38lJlS0. Id. 4. That the deaths which had taken place In the year 1855 among these whose lives were aseered by the'society numiberecl 125, being 10 fewe-r than eoeuned inlIfid Th6 report turther showed that the directorshad. during the lazt f6w mnonths,umade a thorough examination into the state of the society's investnments, andhbad fouad the same to be,i mal respectasmost satis1ato53y. The report, in the Llas place, referred to certain resolutions which bad been proposed bY the Extraordinary Court of DirectoM, and exPlainedthe groundasupon whinte thecevwere onsidered neoreray. The noblefMarquis then rose and said,-Gentlemen, Incommon with all whom I1 have the honour to address, I feeI great regret at the absenca of our noble President, who, since the formation ol this in,tltutuon. has given every assistance in his power In maturing the prin- ples which ha-re gusded its practice, as well asinetending 't ue luines aInongali branehes of the confmunity."(Applause.). In h'is aboeence, 1_ as the senior vice pesident present, am rolled uponL to taLke the chair; but although iths is she nirst time that I havre had the honour of addressing a general oroeting of thLe members of thin soeiety, it is not the d ma time that Ihbave had the pleasure of acting as your recruiting Sergeant in a neighbouring oommecra an pplu on (Laughtar and applause.) dpp oston It iswvith great pleasuIEl have liUstened to the report readby our manager. Thatreport gives. the meeting a mtnute, and, et,tbe same time; a comprehensIve view of oar affairs, while it also shows the gradually increasing prosperity of the Scottish WidOWS' Fund. (ApPlause.) It tells, moreover. thiat the auditor of the Society has ox. amlned the secoonts for the lust year. and has certified them to be corxect. Thai seensa to me be highly satisfactory. Then I observe thadt it states that the increase of the business during the past year (1855) hisnot beeuso great as in. the preceding one. The directors appear to me to give good and practical reasons why inch a result might have been expected during the time reported upon. (Hear,. hear) Teyafnbte he aus tohigh taxation, to theoincreased prce f a th aricls o oosurptin,and to the greait conipetition which has ake plae fom he icrese f th nuberof insurance offices. Now,itnp~ ome hattha maytel intwoways. In the first plae, t 'as erainy dminshd te icresein the business of rocitie prmulatig ts avanoge ofmutuLal insurance in Uu3neCrarary. after the cla moanner in whichthmiaeradhdifieren'tstatements qn the report, for me to deti o yetrn into the details of the business of this Society,hoItin masy that, although the increase of the business dure h atya a o becen so larges as onL fooracr occasions. yethbastile eote prosperous state- of the society (applause), and, therefore I think, I may congratulate the mneetsiiig upon that paint. Gentlemen, let meo remind allof y-cu-now present that it in net only our duty, but that it is oair interest, to encourage oar youn)g friends to become members of this Society,and thus profitby it. I wih to do "o myself, and I observe in looking ever the namnes of the 8,010 or 9.000 members beloniig t this Iustttution, that there are a greatmesr of theleamned professions, sach as lawyers, clergymen, and doctors. There ace also a considerable number of the mercantile prolessatnusraerchantsand ehopkeepers. Besiddes there I sea lau-ded preprietor!,, and I see also mechanics andartimens; but I am extremely sorry to see that thee ae u-cy ewames hav, thveremyhdifrnwasoacounttingfr thinvs. aeh agetdaod with farmersha infm lftime, han haelwsfod dthmnebeme wof tlived hap-u pilys inou thei families,thawr dfomestiin lheir htebi r and apho thouge-ht i a wgreat deald havte beduatono theivPrschildren hane loonted theryt mu atsh ino Whirowf,te prspets plc f heel stished sa.that the etr onm '.tomence tto whichdI have rferrred % arces Irkno cnueh mtoe koviz., that they hav neve talkeda famtheu mate fovxer thybddoes-e alt know what invsr hT theihed efoecth fofrtalkngtoaour wies)an absou thet intehress ofv outheire (renew gied laughtelr aand a forseltheira windves wouldhae bee ron the, very dmf persos Beto thave pithedo thedme tomthenSctish Widowsth smdl mesthaeplableseremthey, shoul&do insur,toabysandwhrethey woldgttsreteliefwen. thecme ito areslcly a Cheeprs.tca mno, farmeIrustcno a,wa erthey di aoapacia wot sa,thasetli theypon' comenc Itheyworldethoforsutunels.ouasaIy,o We aOllkow th catPe Cena lawyershave heir neamrfe the r lovezwuhen tourei- rg,andas h t cales hav,nae their Yut i hand,gie vyhirheadsma foreo thers chand wenfurther kowfrocms theplhooes Dof' tbo societyfthat theseyogentemveno6hreain oifewthe prmails menuivar befromtbebuires lrafeesg o,r, toe lay e by a h sum s tcent toissure terUed ras.inow most besines are padtica men, iandy to tsthey woilleo take a rcical tm the thiperetbonu.e (applause.) Ifd theynet consuld ht me,l shoapdesay youore zfrmerg,adesi take raiddltue of yois youethein heaving lase hsal prutem6ium nto pae duringe the breindiseireof you livo hut ton' gok tof oirieiof the prcheaps insurhancres. (applgauhse.)e Don't goitoran offbce ther yopta recivSil e no aishare tof cryo theprftdevd farm n the tbusies oft the ofle-o' ot toeisiuin er huhls on m-ess, allfo the athe ofY whate lin otecall caled craiingu cthe therleae. are added pertiodicllyitote polciedo the isrmera -i ther hape of~ boenuse son applhause) andt texhconsidterewa wilten happe. styfruee wlln inetbe obliged toa brighs befect topesaled for the sake o the, capial'OtIO Oill s i ibe avviabe to ryo h farm,n ad andh urti theym getn shack d nil thatrh may t htave liotatthe commency giement ofice thelese In zeeecothe ctishofie Wiow' wihfund tamon of'rmer willes in.or arpolic whihpwltue. fhOrmh aY peinsioanfo his sifeand children owing ato ale devents, o cea that itws nofetexused theore wh oiltya hone thes abityofortalingin the caitaS,lWi that htastee exaentdlo thet farm.ap reedin.m Isoul ite vae,ryn It sltehherasnwhnkgv thisamstaylam h ,advce ands n rfermenll toe dithics oWice, ofhich I arnd eqm onetof the oldet in.ar Scottrsh (plaudose.)dwa Thoug my0 insuraceTin sumal that isowing tote aidwenresmyndeathato ito was e effect eoete so;I3.(cietywa inthe enulpedminumy own moo, andI thinkue tha almost anry fe armeswoocr- who cannot pay1 L26a Year for the rake of getti:ng Such an advantage I no tos gut hac cis onfes that when spreaking of myself, if I were amountgt bac evhinog, and it I patd up such premiums as would aontotewhole capital, it is I think, great consolation to dodd myself in the good health in w~hich I am 'just now. (Laughter and aPplause.) It is. however, not necessary to soy anything upon that, sni-ject. b ave strong reasons for recommendinig this institution to the public, but. asg I do nOi wish to detain you, I will not enter itots theors at present. X may, howerer, be permitted to reed extuscts from the sPeechies Of twvo gentlemen wets known in this society, whlo, I re. g'rettoeny,areno mo(re,but whose opinions remainon.record, sir Jmes Gibson-Craig On one occasion id :- " That no one could more cordially join in approval of the conduct of the directors than he did. Ho lhed haa better opportunities of juosging of il than almost any otLser person, having been cone of a few who originally formned the Society, and having been a trusatee and law a.ent of the Society fee-n its commencemenrt, he bore the strongest testimony to the a)misable and most successful mauagement of the Directors in every Particular." Ae a proof of this, at le?.st to my mind, I observe It Stated in the rePam laid before us to-day, that since the foundation of the Society in 18iS, £00 cover the whale losease which the Society has sustainea (aeppaurel. and this is the more remarkable and gratifying when we consider, not only the immense capital already realised and invested bout the enormous sann of money which have been paid zaway to the families of those members who have died. The other extract which I will xead in from the speech of the late Lord Cockburu, one of ourmoat distinguished judges; and it, in my olenon, corroborates, and veryv Properly follows, the statement just rad I have only to add that, enormous astbese eums are, and dealing though we have been with hundreds and thonasrnds of interested individuals, we have never since we hogran had occasion to ester a court -o ustime We have not had a single hitigation simes the Society hogan its labours. We have invested mams the ver mention of which staggers our conceptious, and thin in periods Of great public trouble. when great shocks were given to the stability of almost every kindL of security; andyet webhave netlest by a snglebad investment. I can sa.y nothning that canadd to the forceeof these facts, Words wou.dbe perfectly idie." I don't think it Possible for me, let me be as eloquent aslI please, to say anyUthigso much to thepaint asis containestin th,,ese exteats. I thinukyen wiltlpex1hapa excosa nsafor not entering into or saying any. thnrc upon the rearlotions which will be read by the manrager to-day. -I think the reasons for their adoption have been much mere clearly btatedto3outharilhavethe power of doing; sad I will sitdownby movinig that the report of the Directors be received and adopted. The motion was carried by acciamationL The MVanager having read the proposednew reolutionsor bye-laws above referred to, and whicha are intended to define and amend the existing regulations io regard I'the investment of the Society's funds, 'and to vive addlitional facilities in conducting its banking operations, theno~ebleCairman pnttlceamneetothe meetiug,,whentbeywereunanimously approved of. The Manaser then intimated that, iterms o the articles of constitution, the resolutions would ho agaiin te inof consdemionat spcia geeralcourt, to be held on aus early day in December next, and of which due notie would be given. On tho motion of the R1ev. Dr. Gluthrie, seconded by John Arderson, EaSt., AV.S., a vote Of thank-s was given to the Directors and ofllee bearers for their servsces dulringthe pat year, The Hon. Lord Adnlamoe,ndAlexander Princle, TEsq., of Whytbank, secondd teorotantfcrangentlemnen to fill up the vacancies at peetaitgithdrcio,and the courts of dircction for the yar 88 eedcae oh constituted as follows:- COURT of DIRECTI ON, 185r-57, President-The Rtight Hon. the Earl of Rlosebery, H.T, VIOE-PRESID)ENTS, The Mioat IHon. the Mrarquis of Tweeddale, MT.,, and C.B. The Right lion.-lbsEarl of Bilesreere. Rlobert Dondass, Leq., of Arnistin. The Rev, Dr. James Grant. EXI?RAOIlDINARlY DIRECTORS. Henry Enry, Fsq., hanker, MAanchester. Sir John S. Richardson of Pitfour, Bart, The Rlight R1ev. the Lord Bishop of Lincoln,. John Amnery, Easq., banker, itetournidge. The Hon. Lord Itenlsolme. Joseph James WVelchi, Ear,. Ceenpaide, London. Willam . Ayoun Eaq, Pofesor f Itetoia i the University of J. F Siassn, .D. Prfesor f Mdwieryin the University of Ge orge Tod, Esq.. Cheltealsa.. Henr Chene Re. W,S. Edinburgh. Freerc &Thynne EaUd a-genft, G eogereet, Westmiuster. ~'Joms Britew, lq. ,orthern. Bank, Belfast, 'Thomas GP. Maclzay, REsq., W.S. 'Sir Archibaldl Alison, Bast. *The Vea. John C. Matrti, D.D., Killyahaoidra, Co. Cavan, Arch- deacon of Ardagh. *Williala George AndersoaPn ,East .M. Treasury, Whitehall, London. ThnmasaBoreridIge, Eas,D.O.ii. Williama James Dunacn, East., banker, Edinburghi. L.ewis A. Wallace, Esq,, aschitect. Anthony Murray, REst of Dollerle, W*.q, The Hen. Bonver~ie F.Pimrsem. George Deadas. Eas., Sheriffoffilkirksb'ire. Christpher Wod, j sq,Ri., merchant, ,eitb. Arcibld avdsn, as,,Sheriff of Aberdeenshlre John Jop. ilost. W.SEdininburgh 'GergeBel. Est. mechat,Leith. TRuSTEES. 'Willam Mitchell lanes. Easq.. of Parsonsgreen. James Balfowr. Req.._ of Pileig. W. S. Edward Los-d. Req., bank-er, Manchester. Thie Hlon. Bouverie X? Prinmrose. IAlexander PringIe, Rest.. of Wlhyteankr. Tloorse marked ' are new appointmsente. John CadelL, Req., of Tranent. proposed a, vote of thaniks to the Mar. qui of Tweeddale for tho manner in which ho had dischiarged the dites of the chair, and for the excellent address which he had delivered sanil the mnotion, which was carried by acclamation, having been accnowledcedby his Lordship, the eseettugncs)srated. Edinburgh, May10,. 1856. IV3. L.INDFSAY, Secretary, L ONDON HONORARY BOARD. George Yoig, Eq.:. Slark-laue. Charea Edtward Poiock, Esq.. barrister, Temple. David H a, Est., xactbInda-bhouse. SauNel LDing, as.. Cairman of Brighten Railway. Sir John Thomas ocigga, Adnteiatty. L,eonardl Homer. TEin. Home-offie. John Ta,ylor, jun., Eas., C:., Qsoeen-strest-pLace. CEDNTR AGENT. Hrgh Wineanc 4, RoyalnExchange-buildings, Cobehiln. DISTRICT AGENTS. itin a.8. Ridge, 49, Pall-mal agent for the wret-ead distcist. Renton Sieeley, 2, Hanover-street, Reccat-street. James Harris, 35,St. Georgs'cqlsare, Belgrave-road teimQico. Pohn A, tordon, arnager, m oyal British Bank, 60, Stones-d, South warkP SUNDAY MIUSIC AT M&cIIFsTEIt,-On Sunday afternoon bands of mumic were in attendance at the People si Parks, in Mscheater, and the weather being exceedingly fine, a great nmlber of people were attracted to thosc beautiful places of resort. Iz. Peel Park and the Qneere's' Park together there muist hare been at-least 20,000 people, and abosat 7,000 visted the Philip's Parlc The mulsic ineluded 5'Gloriain Excelais," "SoundtheLoudTimbrei," " The Heaens are Teiing," a seection froin Haydn's mass No. 7, and some esouJare pieces. The people wreregeneraUly 'well dfiessed, 'very orderly, and appeared to enjoy the music and promenade exceedingly.
i From tAc LONDO GAZETTA of Tuesday, Jaly '. - FOREGIN.OF'FTrCR .TTr 21. - The Queen has been graciously pleased to appoint Johm -Tatrick.Carru.thers, Esq., 'to be er Miajesty s Consul at Taganrog. RECOVERY OF SM ALI DEBTS. Byanorder in Council dated Jne 24th last Her Tajesty has been pleased to direct that from and after the i33sb of -August nextcertain arishes iil the coounties 'of Bedfordshire, Staffordshire, Wirwiclishire, andlMorfolk. sat forth in the said order-, shail beo considered in the reitpcctive districts of tho Coun ty Courts therein also ret forth. CON-VEYANCE OF PA SSENGEIS, &c., I VITORIL By an, order in Couincil dated June 24th last it is directed from and after the abovenamed date goods and passengers may be conveyed from any one part of the colony of Victoria to any other part thereof in other than British ships. yTHE ECCLESIASTICAL COMMISSIONER.S. By an order in Council dated June 24th last Her Majesty has been pleased to approve a scheme of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for the transfer to them, the said coimmissioners, for the consideration therein set forth, of all the tithes and hereditaments held by the Dean and Chapterof the Cathedral of St. Asaph- and by another order in Council, of the same date, Her 3fajesty has been pleased to approve a scheme of the said commissioners for the instittting a money payment to the Bishop of Oxford for a certain estate bongng to his see, set forth in a schedule attached to the said scheme. And by another order in Colncil, of the same date, Her Majesty has been pleWed to approve a scheme of the said commissioners or permanently annexinga canonry:residentiaryin the catheoalof St. Asaph to each of the arChdeaconries of St. Asaph and Mont%omeT. And by another order in Council of the same (lat er Majesty has beenpleased to approve a scheme of the said commissioners for substituting a money payment to the Archdeacon of Durham for certain property belonging to hIs archdeaconry. And by another order in Council, dated Juno 24 last, Her Majesty has been pleased to approve a scheme of the said commissioners for the transfer to them, the said commissionere, in consideration of. a money payment to the bishop and his succesiors, of all 'the manors, lands, tenements, &c., bclonging' to the see of Carlisle, excopt as lth&esin excepted. And by another order in Conheil,dated4June2ilast, HerMlajestyhas been pleased to approve a scheme of the said commissioners, enabling them to sell and convey all or any of thelands, &c., heretolore belonging to the rectory of Fuiham, now vested in thenr. And by another order in Council, of the same date, Her Mfajesty has been pleased to approve a echeme of the said Commissioners to empover them to sell and convey the lans, c., now vested in them, which formerlybelonged to the see of GlocesterandBristoL. THE COMMISSIONERS FORBUILDI0rG CHURCIES. By an order in Council, dated Jnne 24th last, Her ajesty has been pleased to approve a scheme of the Commissioners for Building Clhurches for the annexation and assignment of districts to the churches therein mentioned in the parish of Manchestes, in mauner and form as in. the said scheme sct fortlh COMSMIIONS Signed by the Quxsgs. Royal Glamorgan Light Infantry Regiment of JIlitla.-lrlliam Henry Bennett, Esq., to be s-li t., from the lsth of hisa. By the LoRP-Ltureussxv.-r of tho County of BaEcsu;Ocsr George Thomas Lowvth. Esq., to be Deputy-Lieut. John Douglas Dickinson, Esq., to ba Deputy-Lient. By the LOntD -laE uSer and S}CrER -Pars xcnA of the County of The Royal Alhire Rifle.-Ensign Joseph Booth Gretton, late of the Royal rFunt Militia, to be Ensign, vice SILachlao, promoted. [The fonlowin- appointments are substituted for those which apPeared in the " Gazette" of Tuesday, the 2 th of June last:-] By the 101 -IitsurmAsx of the Coinsty o£ sf Mommor. Rgal s,mouthire Light Infautry Reginment of Mtiliti.-John Zamnoi'ki, gent., to be Enesign. By the Locn.-hLveusrmc-of tieCounty of Wonoarsi.- - Qncen'swn Regiment of Voreeterohire Yeomianry Cavalry.- Walter deoiaDiglon Blount, E:sQ., to be Cormet, vice HEflme, resigned. [This ' Gazette" contains notices that the foelowing places have been dulyregistered for the slemnization of marriagestherein]*- The Dominican Chnrel, Stone, Stffordshire. Peniel, Bedldgelert, Mcrionethh,=re. PARTNERSHIIPS DISSOLVED. J. Rider and Co., Plernaibuco. merchant.-Rs-der and Tetley, Liverpool, and Ryder and Co.. Bahia, merechanto.-S. S. Lee and J. N. Medland, Teignmouth, linendrapers.-Hanslip and Conworth, Batton- arden, attomeys.-Abbott and Son. Bow,brewers,-W. Tez and Co.. ceeti-stroet,City. vwholesale boolksellers: as for as regards F. Tegg.- M. A. Whbite and A. Green, Sheffield, milinem.-H. Hodgetts simna J. W. Smith, Exeter, raddletree makers.-. ascaalland P. Mills, Southa pton,drapc-J. Carwardinc and Co., Bristol. seapmn-nufactueers. -J., W.. H., and F. Brovwning,St Johu-street, oil merchants; as far an rearcsF. Browning.-W. and S. O.,biston, Fakenhani and Great Ryburgh, Norfolk, corn merchants.-A. fontgomery and Co.-F. Ducherrand l ArtLn=t, Gerezd-stceet, Soho.-J. and W. Hooton. Cannon-street, merchants.-J. Sbaw and Sons, Wolverhampton, and T. B. .Thomson and Co., C-cutta. hardw.are merehants; as far as regardsJ. Shssw.-heacl; and Astin. Bradford, Yorkshire, dyers.-J. Brown and J. Rimmington, Nottingham, drapers.-R. and R. Peeson, Tidmin3to', lWoreestershire, and Burmninten, o rW=Ickshire, farmers. -Kensit. Brothers, Georegestreet, Shoredoteb. valt-inestiock manufacturcrs.-SmithardBurrae . Leeds, linendrapers.-Toplis andSon, St. Paul's-churcbyard.r,atetioncers.J.andJ. Bacon, Dover, jewelers.- The Permanent Way and Greave's Patent Sleeper Company. Manchester and elsewhero; an far as regards J. Adshead.-R. Bsntley and Co., Chcapsidc, warehousemen.--J., T., and J. Ba^on, inn.. Horselydows, tanners* as far as regards J. Bacon, juLn-Oxenha alnd Sons, auctioneers; as far a regards S. Oxenham.-E1 Brown, Gt. Cadbury, and J. Pearse, Ea-t.strect, Walworih-road. manufacturerm of compressed leather.-5}arquis, Baxter, and Co.. Liverpool, brokers- Witherby and Hanson, MIneing-lane, fruit brokers. DECLARtATIO.N'S OF DIVIDENDS. I. Mottershead, S1acelesfield. builder-first div. of ls. 5d.. on Tuesday, Jul 15, or any subsequent Tuesday. at Zlr. FrsErs Manchester. 11. Wilson, Itrngoton-upon-Rull, stonemason-final div. of 3ld., any Thursday, stlMr. Carrick's, Hull B. Squire, fingston-upon-Hull, merchant-first divr. of 20s., cm the the seParate estate, any 'Thursday, at Mr. Carrick's, Hull B. Vause, lUtgston-upon-Hull, merchant-first div. of 18s. 3d., on separate estate, any Thursday. at Mr. Carrick's Hull. BJANKRUPTCY ANTNULLED. Robert L%mbell, Etham-plato, Dover-roAd, St. George's, Southwark, BAI4ERUPTS. Lemuel Brocklebhaul, Wilesden, napbtha manufacturer. to tureenIder, July 10, August 14, at 12 o'clock, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, Messrs. Linklaters and Hackwoo,d Sise-lane; official assignee, Mr. Jolhson. Basinehall-streot. Theodore Diedrich Wilhelm Christian Seyd, Finsbury-square ant Wilson-streel. private hotelkeeper, July 14, August 13, at I o'clock, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors Messrs. Ring and George, Kingstreet, Cheapside; official assignee, Mr. Nidhn'son. Bsainghaat-strect. Rtobmrt Hudson. Southampton-street, Strand. ipbroler July14. at 12 o'clock, Au.eut 11, at 1, at the Bankrupts' Cout. solicitors, Me?s Norton, an, and main, New-street, Bithopsgatc; oflicial assignee, Mr. Nicholson. BIsinghall-strert. John Hewitt, inn., late of Ffelvcrgate, Norfolk. miller, July 11, August 15,at 11 o'clock,t the Bank-apts Cotut: solicitors, Messrs. Lawrence, Flows, and Boyer. Old Jeewry-chambers; ofcial arzignee, IMr. Caunan, Aidrmanbury. H enryAusustus Hope, West-strest, Smithfield, and O.xford-road, Islington, hay salesman. July S, August 6, at half-past I o'clock, at the Bankrupts' Court: 5olicitor. Mr. Wood, Bow-lane, Cannon-street-west; offcial assignee, Mr. Stansreld. Edward Younge, Holt. Norfolk, stationer, July 16, at 11 o'clock, August 12, at 1, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, Ur. Goddard King-street. Cheapside; offiia assiznee, Mr. Grahanm Samuel Neis-man, Lee. Kent. bii'der, July 9, August 6, at half-past 1 'clock. at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, Messr. LinlkLater. and Hactl-ood, Slie-lane; oiiici3l asignee, Mr. Gralam. Isaac Thomas Rogers, New Oxford-street, importer of American clocks, July 12, at I o'clock, Aug. 12, at half-past 12 at the Barut=pts' Court: solicitor, Mr. Daniel, Alhioe-chambera,Adam-street, Adelphi official assigner, Mmr. Edwards, Samhrook-court, Basinrhall-street. George .Joseph Green. Birmingham, glass manufacturer, July 14 Aug. 6, at 10 o'clock at the Birmingham Distret Court of Bankruptcy sohitors. lMessrs. Motteram and Knight, Birmingham; offiial assgnee, Mr. Wbitmore, Ifirmincham. Thomas Goold, Birmingham. military ornament manufacturer, July 12 at half-past it o'clock, 3i, at 10, at the Birmingham Distiect Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Mess-rs. Walitngton and Wright, Leaminston; .ressrs. iMotteram. and Knight, Birmingham; official assigaee, Mr. Whitmorc, Birmingham. William Tyson, Liverpol. conidealer, July I, at 12 o'clock, Aug. U, at 1l. at the Liverpo.l District Court of Bankruptcy: soilcitor, Mr. Dodd, Livepool; omcial as4ngee. Mr. Cazenove, LiverpooL DEYIDENDS. July 22, J. Inlierzole Sawbridgeworth, Hertfordsliire, brewer.- July 23, B. Hawthorn. isle street, Leicester-square, and ehaslhere, rhoe mcreer.-Ju1y 25, T. Purdy, Great Yarmouth, wine merchant.- July 22.i1. E. rTickell, Mark-lane, and elsewhere, brower.-July 25, J. and T. Alonk, ,rince's-end, Tipton. Staffordshire, boilermakers.- July 24, J. D. Sew;ve and T. Pattinson, Neweastle-upon-Tyne, chymists. July 21, W. Holmes, Brad3ford, Yorlehire,vorsted Bpn mer.-July 21, S. Hamm;ond. Lceds, fax spinner.-July 30, J. H. Moore, Kingstonupon-Hull. Joiner. CERTIFICATIS to be granted, unless cause be showntotha con- trary, on the day of meeting. July 23, W. Aspin. iun., Stoney laue. Tooler-street. Soutliwark, carrier-July 22, J. F. B. L. Strillier and A. Alger. Inrorth, nesr Coggerhall, racs, steam-enginemaltems.-nuy24, T. Watson, Carlisle, currier.-July 24, UI. L. Jouns, Liverpool, merchant-July 2i. G. WVilliams, Wolverhampton, paperdealer.-July 24, J. Davies, Shrewvsbury, r-rinter.-July 2t, h Shirley, Hedensford, Staffordshire, livery stsblekerper.-Iuly 29. W. Stevenson Leicester, butcher.-July 29, J. Hop}:inson, Nottingham. dealer.-JulF 28, B. Johnson, York, furiture .roker.-July _0.J. Jeulninson, Kingston-upon-Hull. china denier. -Aug. G, B and H. CeOson. Kingston-upon-1Till, tanners. SCOTCH SEQUEsPTRATIwNs. J. hl'Gibbon. Glasgow, miller-Jul 9, at 12 o'clock, at the Globe HXotel, Glasgow.. J. ittle. Glasgow, ironmonger-July 1S, at 1 'clocl, at the Faculty of Procrator' HfalL, Glasgow7. WV. Mlacfamine. Perth. commission aggut-Jly 10, at 2 o'ciock, at the Salutation Hotel, P?erth.
IAdver-isement.J-Ihe new novel " Evelyn Maicston," ly the antheor of *Ewi yralWndhg," Is now rdy at all the libraries. in 83role. * lhe artior ha -adoe a coneiderable ad re, over her later fictions. She bas chosen a new field for the subject of her tale. and oonceived her principal characters with her pristine skill as well as executed them writh her pristine finish."-Spectator. " Evelyn Ifarston "is one of the better elass of this writer's novels. It has less of the carelevauess observable in them lately, while it displays the old skill in narrative arid invention, in meeresting subjtcts for reflection, in the treatment of palhcs, and£n tthne sketching of unhackneyed character."-Examsiner. "Astoryoftoucbiuginterest.--Litrarygaaetts. iAmong thebest plroluctions of the authoress."-John Bull. HBurt andB!ackett, prblrshers. [Adv0rtisement.j-" The Green Hand;" or, Adventures of a Naval Lieutenant, rice Js. 6l, is as true a picture of naval lice scitber "Tom CUriig!es Iog" or "The Cruise of the Midge." It is the new volume of the RaUilsay Library, in which series are now fi,sued, price Is. d. eacb, Marryaf's " Peter Simple," "Ying's Own," "Midshipnuai.EasyJ' ?alvfell'a "Sterie3 of W'aterloo," "Old Commodore." " Rattlin the l[eefer' DMrs. Gore's " SOLf" "leir of Selwood," "Dawager," " Pill Money "Bulnlwer's " Pelhan." " Eugene Aramn.* "Last fDays of Pompeii,' Rienzi," as vweU as llS volumes, all suitable alike forrailvay or home reading. Lists will be seat on p- p'ication. The new volune will be "Arthur O'Leary," by Charles Lever. author of " Cbarles ('Malley," &c.-London, Gcorge noutledge arnd Co.. Parringdon-street. [Advertisement.]-" Wilcd Sports in the Far West,"price It. aL, by Gerstnecker, wyho for encounters with grisly bears, cunning pantheas and savav'e wolves complelely rivals Gordoon Cruaninmg, hs the newr voleUne of toutledge's Cheap Series, in which have also lately been published, price Is. Cd. each, " Whom to Marry," "'-aiistr's Soltary Hointer, " The Pirstes of the Arississippi," Cooper's " lleadennmauer " ' 'Wyandotte," Satanstce. " Afloat and Ashore"; and, price 12s. eaeb AlbertSmith's "Pottleton Legacy" and "Christopher TfldPole," "Valgntine Vex ;" price l. each. M%ies Edl-gewvorth's "Vivian," " Mllikeeuvrin-," " Absentee," " Ennuaia" hc., as wel as 140 otler volumes, all equally suitable for seaside nd home redinz. In a few days, price l., " The Austrian Dmsgeons of Italy," by Felice Orirn, a narrative of 15 months' imprison'eent in the dreary dungeons of Mantra.-London, George Routledge and Co., Farringdon-street. [Advertisementj]-Ollendorffs method of learning to Read, Write, and Speak a Language in six months. adap.ed to tho German, Frencb, Italian, ke.-To the Editor of " The Timest-Sir - Iam arxious. through the medium ofyourjournal, to inform thepriblo that spurious editions of the Above works are sold in several countries of Europe, chiehy at Frsalkort and in the United States not only by such Rersows as are in the habit of imposing on the public, but by bookzellers who ought not, from their position, tobe parties to suchatranraction. Tnough I might Justly complain of an attempt to role me of the fruit of 20 years' labour, I moro especially express my icgna,4en at the contents of small books in largeprit, fll of errors andoaiso lone being ealled my method. Iy system (adopted by the University of lrance) ispublishtd in Preube at the reduced eprio of f5. esach rt. It Is also published in English, at las. each part, by Wfhittaker nd Co., and Dulau and Co., and each copy has its number and my signature. When I assert that my system is a chain that muxst not lose one lhalr those who trust to the spurious volumes alluded to m-ust not wonder 4i fdndingtheir labour lost, or that my guarantee that the language is to be learnt in six -months has not in the least been fulf iled.-I bars the honour to be, Sir, your obedienb rervant, HL G. OLf sToryy, Ph. Dr.-28 bis, Rue do Richelice, Paris, June 30, 1856. *[AdvertiLsement. ]-Mr, S. W. Eullom.-Tlhe newF noTe, ' The Mamof th e 'World, ovrVawnicaof theyeay," by 8.w.PaUomr, anthiorof "I'hoCrest teI;iinay, Is now ready, tall lhe librermes,ln Svols.,wiLh the:Solowirrg iulustrstioos on steel hr John Leech:Weddrn'breur 'm- The Prisoner's Cell-Rinsinig the high llorseTHusband and Wife-M.eeting by Mloonlight-The Mseriora AppeaCisure-M5urder will out.-Cbarles J. Skeet, RIng Wil mareet,,huia;cross
- " PARLIAMENTARY INTBLUlIENOE ROUSE OF LORDS, TuzSmyDA, Jrmz . The LoGD Ca&wcxr took his seat on the woolsik at 5 o'cdock. Lord M1ONTEAGLE presented a petition friom Droglieda, praying for the establishment of a harbour of -refuge on the north-esst oast of L-elad. .BUBIAL ACTS' AMdENDMENT BILL. Lord PORTMAN moved the second reading of this bilL. The Archbishop of CANTERBUY said, it s imposible he or hir might rev. brethren eould assent to the principle of the measure, but they were willing to have thc whole considered by a select committee. . L4rd PORTIAN thought that- an agreeable mode of avoiding unpleasant and painful discussion. His only object was to re-establish that harmony which existed before ithe unfortunate course of legislation embodied in the Burial Acts was adopted. He 'should be sorry it a hasty. attempt at ameendmenf'should lead to the extension of illvwiU; and he was therefore ready to withdraw this bil a-nd refer the whole subaect of tbe Burial Aets to a select committee. The Earl of MUAI-ESBTYR-Y hoped the committee -would1 lay down some rules for the consecration of cemeteries which would render future dissension imaossible. LordREDRSDALE strongly objected to the form of this bill, by which the Secretary of State was made the judge of what a bishop ought to do in matters purely ecdesastical; (Hlear, hear.) The motion was negatived and the. bill withdrawn. The Grand Juries Bill passed through commitSee. The Sleeping Statutes Bill was aeported with amendments. REGISTRATION OF, VOTERS (SCOTLA.ND) BILL. The Duke of ARGYLL presented a petition from Edinburtgh in favour of the bil.- and moved that it be read a second time. The object of the bil, he said, was to assimilate the la1Y of Scotland with respect to the registration of voters to the law of England. The Duke of BUCCLEIUCa did not object -to the principle of the bill, but thought amendments might be m ade in committee upon one or two matters of detail. The biil was read a second time.-~ The Stoek-in-Trade Exemption Bill and the Sarvey of Great Britain, &c., Bill respectively passed .throug'a commnittee. TL,,T5jL REPRESEINTATIVE PEERS. TheEarlof DONOUGEMORE called the attentionof the House to the heavy expenses incurred by Irish peers in proving their right to vote for representative peers. The expenses incurred by Irish peers in proving that right were much larger than those to which British peers were subjedt uipon proving their right to sit in that house. Those heavy expenses liad the undoubted effect of deterring many peersifrom seeking to prove their rights to vote, and he submitted it avould only ba just to place Irish peers in that respect upon a similar footmg as their English brethren. Underthese circumstances, he woxld, ask their lordships to appoint a committee to inquire what might be done to abatethis manifestinjastice. Thatcommittee,if anpointed, -might, he thought, safely come to the conclusion that ordinary claims to vote in the election of Irish representative peers, which did not present any ditilculty-when, for instance, the descent was from father to son, or from one near relative to another-might be left in the hands of the Lord Chancellor, who woulld decide upon inspection of the docnmentary.evidence whether these claims had beenmade out. Where any peculiar circumstances presented themselves-wbere the case was surrounded with difficulties, or where.there_was any suspicion of fraud-the noble nnd leaTnedl Jord might refer the matter to the Committee of Privileges. The noble earl concluded by moving the appointmentf-of a select committee to inquire into the expenses now incurred by Irishpeers claiming the right to vote for representative peers. -'The LORD CHANCELLOR thought it very desirable tlalthese expenses should be diminished, and he should not blfpose the appointment of this committee, but any change in thepresentpractice could-not, he feared, be made so esilly as the noble earl seermed to suppose. Unless the Act of Ufnion was altered, there must be an application to that House on the part of Irish peers claiming a right to vote for representative peers. That was the provision made in such cases, and the object of the noble earl could notbe attainedexcept by an act of Parliament. Now, an English peer did not come before the House at all. He proved his claim to sit here by appearing before the Cro-wn. represented by the Lord Chancellor, whereas the claim of an Irish peer to vote must be decided on by the Committee of Privileges. Viscount DUNGANNON corroborated the statement made by the noble earl-namely, that these heavy expenses deterred many peers from claiming their right to vote. He thought the natter was well wortly of theirlordships' consideration, and he was sure the Irish peers in general, whatever might ba the result of this inquiiry, would feel greatly indebted to the noble earl (of Donoughmore) for the part taLenby him in this matter. (Hear.) LordREDESDALE said, the soleremedyfor'the evil complained of was an act of Parliam-ent which should establish some other mode of inquiring into claims made to vote in the election of Irish representative peers. Bat he questioned very mchli whether it was &esirable to relax the evidence now required before claims of tnis kind 'kere admitted, becauso a great number of cases of a suspicious character canie before the Committes of Privileges. - The Earl of DONOUGEMORE thought the case of in- justice made out on the part of the Irish peers had not been in any way answered by the noble lord. To show how the systeni worlked h mifl-t mention his own case. It cost him less than 5L. to take his seat as a British peer, but to prove his right to vote for an Irish representivo peer cost hEim 1501. (Hear, hear.) He would ask their lordships whether in these days of financial reform this state of thinms ought to continue ? (lear, hear.) After some further conversation, the motion for a select committee was agreed to. Their lordships adjourned atlO minutes mast 6 o'clock
HOUSE OF C03MONS, TuEsDAY, JuLy 1. The SPx M.r. took the chair at 12 o'elock. Shipton's Disabilities Removal BiU vas read a third tiDme. Mr. HEYWOOD postponed until Tuesday, the 22d inst., his motion for an address to tho Crown, praying that Her Majesty will be graciously pleased to give sach directions as to her may seem meet for the appointment of a Royal coenmission, consisting of learned men -well skilled in the original languages of the Holy Scriptures and conversant with modern Biblical scholarship, to consider of such amendments of the authorized versions of the Bible as have been already propcsed, an.d to receive suggestions from all persons 'who may be w.iling to offer them; to point out errors of trans. lation and such words and phrases as have either changed their meaning, or become ohsolete in the lapse of time;* and to report the amendments wvhich they may be prepared to recommend. PRISONS (RELAND) BILL. On the order of the day for the House going into committee on this bill being read, 1r. MACARTNEY objected to the principle of the bill, as involvinig the system gf centralization. At the same time he did not deny that some alteration might be necessary in the management of the prisons in Lreland. With respect to the state of the prisons in the north of L-eland bhe report of the inspector-general -ins in the highest terms of praiseas to thei; management. All the personsemployed in those prisons were alarmed at the object of this lL He hoped, therefore, the Governmnent would, before going into committee, giv sm asrnce that the priuIciple of the biUl would he changed so far as it went to estabolish a centralized system. Ar. HOPEMAN said that the obiect of the biU was to introduce into Ireland that system which already existed in Eiland anid in Scotland, by transferring the superintending power over the g-ols from the Court of Queen's Bench to the executive. Mr. FRENCH said that this biUl was one of a series of most objectionable measures referring to Ireland that were now before the House. Colonel DU NNE said that at present the jurisdiction o' the Qaeen's Bench over the. prisons -was ineffectual, and therefore, in transferring that jurisdiction to the Execative, the bill mi-ht be so far considered an improvement. He thought the house ought to go into commtttee on the bill. The Honse then went into committee, Mr. FiTZoy in the chair. Ciauses land 2 were agreed to. On clause S. which transferred the power of superintendence from the Court of Qaeen's Bench to the Lord-Lieutenant being road, Mr. 2IACARTNEY observed that it had been stated that the judges of the Qaeen's Bench in Ireland were willing to give up their authority, but he had seen a letter from one of the Judges, in which he said he had taken the opinion of his broth~er judges, and that none of them had been consulted on the subject, and he denied-that they were willing to give up their present authority over the prisons. He objected to giving this powfer to the Lord-Lieutenant only. and therefore moved that the words "and Privy Council" be added, xr. HORShLNT could not agree to the amendment. The Executive in Ireland stood upon exactly the same principle as the Executive in England. Colonel DUNNXE did not see much difference betwea th power being given to the Lord-Lieutenant in Council and to the Lord-Lieutenant alone. The only question was whether the Executive shonld be entrusted with the power, or whether it should be left with the Qneen's Benich. Lord NAAS thought that the power which the Queen's Rench ought to exercise, but did not, 'would be much better entrusted to a responsible body such as the Execative Government. The amendment was negatived, aud the clause agreed to. On clauss 4, which gave the Lord-Lieutenant a power of control over The bylaws. Celonel DITNNE moved an amendment. to the effect, that the power of the Lord-Lieutenant shouild not extend bevond a reto, without any power of supervision or control of the bylaws. After some discussion the com mittee divided, when the numbers were For the amendment ,... ... 9 Against it -.., ... ... ... .- ajority ... . . 7 Clause 4 was then agreed to. The remaining clauses were also agreed to, and the HouNse resumed. DU1BLIN METROPOLITAW POLICE BILL On the order of the day for xesuming the adjourneddeate on the second reading of this biU being read, Mfr. FRENCH asked the riglitihon. gtntlemnan the Secretaiy for Ireland whether it was right to force this bill upon the city of Dublin when its inhabitants had made sLech w- give~,es - to the Con reePoliee?. MS. MAGUIRE thogt Aboing could be mote e r than the offer whicihad ben mele on tle pirt of the co.r- - oration of the city of Dablin to refer the If to a selectcommiittee. It was impoible at, this late period 6f tbe;. eeesion to pas such s.bill, considering the Etrong oppOeDtaonthat existed against it. Lord NAAS said, his ight hon. friend on a formra oces, sion had stat-d that this FMl ws merely a consolidation ef the existing laws, but the city of Dublin distinctly denied that statement. He certainly, himself, understo6d'thiat"' 'there were decidedly new provisions in the bill of a 'verr important character. Coussiderable additional power woulit be given to the Comnissionersof Police in regard tothi> licensing system. It was therefore nob correct. to say ihak l it was merely a consolidation bilL He thought the bi3l ought to-be referred to a select committee. Mr. HORsMAN regretted that so strong a feeling of op. position should exist against this measurej and he did so the more because everr objection that had been tlken onl& rshoed hor compleely it the dark hon genlmen were ae toithe provisiong and objectof the bilLm Xevwould repe i that it ewas a cgenaolidation bill, and nothing eloe. If man leon. member could show thet -any new polwer wah s conss taixied init. so far vwas it fromn he illontetionlof the o e rnment that it should oe that ins conmitteehe sould reject any sucd powver. t the same time no doubtst corporation of the ctyofflnblin,frosnmisuonception, entei-' tDined a strong hostilit agint the measure, and ;s it ap- rd tobe-the general opinion on the par of Irih moenxstht the bill could not be paLssed into a law this session, he did not thinl, nuder the circumstanecs, bc should. e- justified in. taing np-the time of the Hou se in discussing the measure further. He therefore moved that the order for the second reading be discharged. (Hear, hear.) The order 'was discharged accordingly. JURIES (IELAND) BILL. On the motion of 3r. J. D. FrrzG , the order of the day fort the second reading ofthis bill was also dis-- charged. COURTS OF COMMON IkW (IRELAID) BLL. This bill passed through committee. DEEDS (SCOTLAND) BIL1. This bill also passed through committee. TheHonse adjourned, at a-quarter to 4, till G o'clock. The HEnuse resumed at 6 o'clock. Petitions were presented by Mr. HEWOooD,.from the ministers of the English Presbyterina denomination in the counties of 'Wilts, Glocester, Somerset, Dorset, andfDevon, for a revision of the authorized version of the Bible; also, from articled clerks to solicitors in Accrington and Bacup, in Lancashire, and Christchurch, in Hampshire, praying that articled clerks to solicitors may be allowed to practise in County Courts; by Mr. DExDEs, from Margate, in favour of the Testamentary Jurssdie.on Bill; also, from medical practitioners of the Elham Union, for redress of grievances under which the profession labours * by Mr. A. jiE 'r<r, from the board of guardians, Bermondsey, Southwark, against outside paublication on registrars' offices since rejected from the Marriage Amendment Bill: by Lord STANLEaY, from Louth Mechanics' Institute, and from Blackblurn Mechanis Institute, in favour of the Literary Societies Rating Bill; by Mr. T. DUxcoME, from the inhabitants of St. Luke's, Middlesex, praying the House to address the Queen to direct the Charity Commissioners to rescind their erroneous. advice, so that the poor of the parish may have the immediate benefi' of the charity of DIulwich College, which theyhave enjoyed for above 200 years; from St. Leonard's Sussex, and Woodbridge, Sufolk, against the Medical Bill from Hornzsy and Tottenham, and from Messrs. Parkinson and Taylor, surveyors of that district,paying to be jincluded in the Metropolis Amendment B, for the purposes of the Building Acts surveyorship; also, from. medical officers of Lewisham. Union. for redress - and from St. Luke's Parochial Reform Arsociation, praying to be. heard before the Committee on Metropolis Roads; by'Mlr. B. P. COLLflIE. in favour of the Testamentary Juris-- diction Bi3l of 18556, from the following place :-Barnard- Castle, Darham; Basingstoke, Hants; Berwick-upGn-Tweed;Birkenhead; Bishops Stortford; Bolton, Lancashire; Bury, Iancashire; Carnsrvon,Wales; Chard, Somerset; Chipren-- ham, Wilts; Crediton, Devon; Do'wnham-Market, Norfilk; Gainsboroigh. Lincoln; Glocester; Gool, York; Honiton; Harleston, Norfolk; Eolbeach, Lincoln; Reighley, York; Kirby uInnsdplc, Westmoreland; Knighton, Radnor ; Llanfyllin, Wales; Llangefin; Ledbury, Hereford; Malton, York; Newcastle-under-Line: Northvick, Chester; Oak-- ham, Rutland; Oswestry; Penrita, Cumberland; Pool, Montgomery; Reading, Barks; Scarborough; Shipston-on-- Stour; Skipton, York; Stroud; TMidebigg, Worcester; Tonbridge, Kent; Tredegar, Monmnouth; TonbridgeWells; Thirsk, York; Ulverston,Lancashire; Wellington, Somerset;_ Westbury, Wilts; Wirkworth, Derby, and Woodbridge, Suf- folk,;byMr-.GODDn4RpD,fromtheSwindon Mechanics' li-stitation, in favour of the Scientific and Literary Societies Bil; by 'Jr CaLD, from the President of the Leek Lite- rary and Scientific Institution, praying that, such societies. may be exempt from local rating: by Mr. OMxEIRa, from inhabitants of the borough of Marylebone, praying for a. reduction of the wine duty, as tending to enlarge our com- mercial intercourse with foreign countries, and to preventfrauds and adulteration in 'wines ; by Aa. KEr- SEYMnF6, from the inhabitants of Weymouth, in favour of decimal coinage; also, from tlle medical officers of the SherborneUnion, praying for redress of grievances; by Mr. S=iDAN, from the medical officers of the Dorchester Union, praying for a redress of their grievances; and by General, Buc&.eamv, from medical officers of Alderbury Union, Wiltshire, and from the medical officers of Tisbury Union, Wiltshire, praying for redres3 of grievances. CUSTOMS DEPARTMENT AT LIVERPOOL. Mr. J. EWART asked the Secretary of the Treasary'whether any progress had been made in the inquiry stated to have been institated in the department of Custonms atLiverpool,and whether.any stepswere about to be taken. in consequence thereof ? M.r. WILSON said, considerable improvements had been recommended by the commissioners who had conducted the inquiry. Those improvements had bean sanctionid by the Treasurv, and he hoped they 'would prove satisfactory to the officers employed at the port. COLONEL LAKE AND COLONEL TEEISDALE. Mr. OLIVEIRA rose to ask Her Majesty's Government-whether some substantial mark of approbation might notbe givento Lieutenant-Golonel Ialkeand Lieutenant-ColonelTeesdala for their distinguished services zt Ears ? Lord PALMERSTON was understood to say that Colonel'. Like's position as a colonel in the army would enable him to receive the order of the Bath, but it was not usual, as he had observed on aformer occasion, to recommend Parliament to make any pecuniary 'rovision for any officers exeept those who hapuened to bi at the head of the forcesby which a distingnished achievement wag accomplished. HOUSEBREAKING INT SCOTLAND. Mr. COWAN' asked the Lord-Advocate if his attention. had been drawn to the recent alarming increase of the crime of housebrealdng, caused, as he believed, by the ticket-of-leave systemn, in certain parts of Scotland, and to the difiicuSty hitherto expcrienced in its suppression; and 'whether, anuder those circumstances, it 'was the ir.tenhion of'~ the GovernLment, by the revocation of tickets of leate, by the establishment of a Scottish constabulary, or otherwise, to afford a great'er measure of security t4 property than 'was at present possessed in some districts of Scotland? The LORD-ADVOCATE knew nothing of the circum-- stance referred to by tle hon. gentleman, except that last year a great many esses of housebreaking occmred, but all the depredators had, he believed, been apprehended. The sabject of the ticket-o'leave system was now nmder the con-- sideration of a committee of the House. DEPARVTMENT OF PUBLIC JUSTICE. The CEANCELRL0 of the EXCHEQUER moved thatthe notices of motion be postponed till after the adjourned debate on the amendment for going into Committee of' Supply. MLr.NAPIErS said, hehed had amotionon the p.persince the Easter recess for an address, praying Her Majesty to take into consideration the formation of a separate andresponsible department of public justice, and he thought it rather hard that no opportunity had beenafforded him of bringing it before the House. Ofthel2th of Februarya resolution had been agreed to:- "That, in the opinion of this House, as a measure of' administrative reform, provision should ba made 'th a view to secare the skilful preparation and mroper structure of Parliamenitary bills and promote the progress;ve amend-. ment of the laws of the united kingdom." But since the report ot the Statute Law Commission, recommending the appointment of a single rexponsible person tosuperintend the amendment of the law, nothing had been done, and our legislation had been gettntg worse and% worse. Sir G. GRBY said, it was contrary to 'he fact that nothilng hld been done since the date to which the right hon. and learned gentleman referred. If the debate for the adjournment of which the right hon. and learned gentleman had voted (bear, hear) had been concluded last night, the right. hon. and learned gentleman mi'ht nowv have brought forward his motion, and his right lon. friend the Chancellor of the Dach,y of Igancaster,whowas a member of the Statute, law Commission, would have stated what the Government' had done and what they proposed to do. If the right hon. ard learned gentleman would on a fature dayput a question on the subject, his right hon. friend 'wonld make a statement 'which would enable the right hon. and learned gentleman to judge whether itwould be vorth iwhel to bring forward his motion, but it wouald e quite impossible for tho Government to allowv that motion .at once to be carried. The motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequor was theix agreed to. THE AMERICAN QUESTION. The preliminaryorders of the day having been postponed, the adourned debate on this subject was resumed by Mr. GIBSON, w.ho said t:hat he had ventured to move tef' adjournment of the debate last night because le felt that whatever doubt might exist as to the propriety of this discussion coming on at all, there could be no doubt that, if once the discussion was proceeded with, it ought not to be promaturely or abruptly concluded, and that all nmem-' bore, either on one side of the house or tbhc other, -who were desirous of spasling, should ha's, an opportunity of stting their views. (Hear.) Some hon. gentlemen had made an appeal to the hon. member for Mayo not to bring on the motion, feeling that no good wouid arise from tie discusion, and that perha some ,e wouldube occasioned by it. He confessed tat he w re-lutant imself on eter groundg- that the motion ahoald come on, but be could not conceal from himsef that there Wa norearliiameatay ground whatever for shrnkmig'from' the fullest discssion. Whenever aMiniser of: te Crown' la5d papers before Parliament and correspondence with forign Goveramente at the close of a negotiation, he by hats Ehire mid he would not enter upon the merits of this ques; tio ina thatis a prfectly 5oA0mutc4o0 .'or in. t;s or for my hon. friend to take. But 'the Govesssend Ii-aa entered upon the discusson a n -the merits of the c&4 That iw 4 mLaly course, and rdo not fi dvlt wath.k Whether it was a pmrdent coure I Asn not eo oure.;, But they declared their adherence to all that h bs heen4 and stated during thewhol progrees cf thi-apin%uL#hjijs; don. Notiing can beareexplicit tante deelrtionistgey have made to ilis effect. The tt -General declael-d -that whereas there had been chargeq - inst the Govern. ment of-violating both internationa la- and the mnlciIpa law of-the United States, he denied both thoae chrges, asjc dfeied that either law had been violated. yrxightinor. fiiend the Secre'try of State for the Home D prrmeast was evenbolder in his manner of dealing with thei-s bjec; -than the Attsrnsy-General. He said that the officersc;f thd Government h-id acted up to tbh spirit of the inackio that they had received. Me saidthat no acts had been done contrary to the Americin law, and that the apologies made - to the United Statese Government did not ndmit that sach'acts had been done, bcobise Her lajesty's Goverlnmaent felt all along that. no wrong had been done. SD that the doctrine of the Governmest is that their- proceedingo hrae been jus-ifild by th!ir owrn inisractions. IameertailaTy no- prepared to be risponsible fc that opinion by thesie of the evi-leuce in this blue-book. I believe, iDdeed, that such an assertion ig made in the teeth of - the plainest eva. dencoein every page of these documents. (Hear, hear.) That is not only myopinion, bttl believe it is i euffeci,the opinion of a great many of the members of this Hose owho have given their time and labour to the perusal of these lAue-books. Small is, I far, tho nunber who answer to tnat descripti.m, There are many things that the EngE-h psoAtle -will do.' They sbgn petitiacs .tl:ey will attesnd moetinge; they will get up ;githtions; they will pay taxes, and doutble taxes ;f :needi be. But blue.b3oles theyvdwll not read. (A laugh.) That i.tbecase, a'so, with mebers ofthisifouse. Isayfearlassly that the Attorney-General has not rend these blue-hiaE. (A laugh.) That is a fair challenge, and I willshow that the .references of the Attorney-General to tbese books -references evidently supplied to him at second handbcetray that hehas neverente-ed rpon the study of tbeso important documents. Th.eo effect; of these declarations gf the Governmen!t is, 'that they e.p alive the recollection of the differences between thie Government and the Government of America, and I am not prepared to assent to -the opinion of those who say that it is not desirable to remove these affgirs from the hands of those w.ht> have hitherto cindncted them. On the contrarjr, I think that no Governmeut is so -little qualified to conduct these negotiahans writh America to a nuccessful result, because of the differences that have prevailed, because of the course of comnbined obstinacy and weakeerswhich the Government hive pursued, and becausethe recoli lection of these differences has been kept alive by cliasn which present a great difficalty in the farther progre=s of the negotiations.. 37y eghthon. friend (Sir G. G.rey) stated in n fair and candid r.nner a point of great importance. I refer to the supposed apology of the British Govetrnment. It has often been said that the American Government cannot complain, bactaue if any wrong has been done thera it has been covere- by a handsome apology. But thab is not the language of my right hon. friend. Ee did not say that if any wrong had bzen d-ane to the Government of ther United States it had been covered msy ar. apology. On the contrary, my right hon. friend said, with tne greatest candour and truth, that tbeapology offered to ihe United States' Government had always been a conditional apology, andwas not an apology that imnpliederadmittedthatawronghadbeen dine, because Her Majesty's Government, having been fully conscious that they had dine no wrong. had not offered an apology thatsnpposed thaa a wrong had been done. (Hear.) liy right bon. friend stated these were the apologies t!sat; had been made. They have been repeated in varioun despatches. They all ran in one form. The British Goernment would regret deeply if, either intentionally or maintentionaDy, they have done a wrong to America. But they have not done a wrong to America. (Hear, heiar.) If now wrong had been dore } grant you that an apology st. couched ought to be accepted, and that it wouldbe a Ofran,, generous, and conciliatory step,' going as near as possible to meet the -iews of the American Government. But if a wrong has been done, such in apology is no apology at alL (ERear, hear.) Whethera wrong has been done, therofore, is the quesiion nponwhichwehave to fal back. I maintain that if vm wrong has been done titt wrong has not been atoned forby the apology. Let me say two things, w.hich wishoir my part in the discussion. In the first place, I will not, as a general role, quote from these blue-books, but for every word I utter I am ready, if called upon, to repeatthe chapter and verse. If I do not quote much, it is because it would be unreasonable in use to trespass unoon the indulgence of the House. In the next -lh,ce, I forbear to discuss the question of international law, not that I think it unimportant, because I hold that nopositionis less defensible and no pretension less tenable than. that we may exclude the question ofinternationallaw from the consideration of this subject from the frivolous reason *hat the Americans have a munidpal law, But as the caseL is clear upon the municipal law, I am ready to confine myself to that in the practical view of the case wvhich I have proscribed to myself. I am sorry to say that the propositionsthat. I have to support, as embodying my conscientious convictions, are unfortunately propositions whish atta-ch very strong blame to 'he conduct of the Governusent. Sir, I shall not attempt to qualify those ' opinions by any expressions of regret. These things are of little value in hostile discussion. It is better for a nan to speak out what he has I to sy, and to trust to be contradicted, corrected, and exposed if he has not spcoken the truth. (Hear, hear.)i lhat I have to say is this-In the first place. concealment was ?ractised towvards the American Government; and, Sn the second place, not oniy was concealment practised, bu'. the American Government weredeluded and misled by reprcsentations, which I do not say were intended to mislead but were evidently such that they mustmislead, if properlconsidered. (Rear, hear.) I saythis-that the muncipaL law was not only broken, but it was broken in defiance of the advice of those who were chosen as counseUlors-it - vras. knowingly broken on the purt of the agents of the British Government. (Hear, hear.) I do not say that in thesepapersis to be found the proof that this was done under thedirection of the British Government. In that respect I venture to differ from the hon. gentleman the member iror Mayo, and, permit me in passing to say, I could not but. listen with regret to the observations expressed fromuL 'the Treasury 'bench, not only on those portions of the speech of the hon. member for Mayo in which heintroduced, by way of illustration certain passages from Irish history (a slght laugh), but on the general tendency of that speech to throw blame on one particular member of tne Cabinet. I must say, in justice to the hon. member for Mayo, that although it may be good tactics tostrive to keep out of viewv one's own incapacity by introdiucing exciting matter, the hon. gentleman has no cause for any such expedient, because he has amply proved by srgumasent his full ability to deal with the merits of the question. (Cheers.) But I differ from the hon. gentleman in, ihat point. I think h.* stated these thin's were done under the direction of Her Mijesty's Government. I confess I do not discern that on the face of the papers. (Hear.) Bat,. in my view, it matters little, whether they were done under the direction of the Government or not, if the Governmentmade themselves parties to the acts by their subsequent 2pprobation. (Hear.) And here, Sir, I cannot help regretting deeply the injustice done Mr. Crampton by the hon. member for 3ontrose. (Cheers.) One proposition that r: state with the greatest confidence is this-that injustice was not done ifr. Crampton by any mesaber of the Government, but it was done by the hon. member for Montrose. (Hear. hear.) Thehon. member, with his re,ard for America, was not. willing to inculpate America ; and, with his regard for tihe Government, was not willing to inculpate the Government_ (A laugh.) So, following the examnple of President Pie-ce, and passing by both the British and the American Govern-- ments, he threw the blame upon 3Ir. Crampton, and said, Mr. Crampton, when he took the lawyeres opinion, ought tohave stopped the scheme of recruiting. I give MIr. Crampton credit for taling a lawyer's opinion. It was a wise arnd prudent step, but when it is said he should have stopled the scheme of recraiting, did it rest with Mr. Crampton todisobey orders from home ? (HIear, hear. ) In my oninion Mr. Crampton sailedasnearthe wind ashecould, and; in justiccto Mrr. Crampton, it must be remembered that, when lie had tak;en the lawy er's opinion, he sent home that opinion to his Government and w;roto to Lord Glarendon- "Your lordship will no donbt Perceive that the provisions of the Neutrality Act restAfct our operations -within very narrow limits." (Cheers.) I take it that it was a fair expression that in. his opinion the whole, thing should be abandoned. That. suggestion was not adopted by the Governuient at home. Mr. Crampton had begun to act in the spirit of wlat lei conceived to be these intentions, and the result is thatHer Mdajesty's Government ae unres-ervedly acquitted by tlie A mericans, and Mr. Crampton is no longer Minister :tWashington. (Cheers.) But with respect to Mr. Crampten. my proposition is this-that there is not one haires breadth. of distinction between the position of Mr. Crasnpton and thie position of Her Majesty's Government. (ERear, hear.) I ,thmL-, as far as I can judge, that the zeal of MIr. Cramupton. mid,- perhaps, what he believed to be the intentions of the Government, hut were not the instructions of the Governm~ent, -were tho source of 'the evils which have ari-eri; (fear, hear.) Everything which Mr. Crampton did was &liproved by the Government at home; every Claim that Mi.: Crampton made wasmaintained bythe Governmcnt athome, and lentirely decline todraw the least distinction between the original responsibility of M1r. Crampton, as the subordinate person, and the subsequent responsibility of the Governnient by its unrestricted pDsterior approval of Mr. Crampton's conduct. (Cheers.) But I say that, at first, Mr. Crampton concealed those proceedings from the Atuerioja Giovernment, and that iL a point of great imporance. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member for Mayo has quoted sa passage from Lord Clarendon's despatch of the 15th of July, in which Lord Clarendon- says, that he has instructed Mr. Crampton, above PAl, to have no conearasnt from thi, Aniencan Government. My right hon. friend the member for Manchester says, that if that Nwere so. then it was a hi dh. ou,nce in Mr. Crampton to practiss conceaiment. ThR .American Government, not doubting the assurance con-ve3 ed by Lord Clarendon, said the same thiog, and laid on lNr, Crampton's shoulders thisburden-that,, h iving reotived strct instructonus not to practise conceaxlment, he did practiseconcealment. The bon, member for MIayo baa statesmL that there does not appear in these papers anv intruction to IL,. Crampton not to practise concealoments and Is& .hai called upon the Goverwnient to point out to himL Where that instruction is. (Hear, hear.) The AtorneyGemerd folloived, and he did not answef that appeal. Thut Some5ecretavr spoke later in the eveniug. and did no; ansWer that apeaL, The appeal must be renewed (hear, hearl, for this House has a right to know from Her Ma.& jests s Goveinmint whether it is true that LoDrd Clarendorm instructed Mr. Crampton to have no conIealhient from tbci Anxierican Governent. If lie did soiin truct Mr. Cram pton,, -then undoubtedly the American Government are justifiei in the distinction which they draw; but, if Lord Clareidori -did not so instruct Yr. Cramopton, and if the reference in thi deeptch of July 1biSis erroneous, then itis imupomible tofhnsL rwords todescrio;e tbe inj~tiee im iictd on Mr. Crmpoe, bee isis.J Mr. Cranaptn ha1 been made to abir the reaponael-. ~biity of ceasiehisent, whbich the hen. membLer fer Mosaroi
PARLLIAMNTABY fOTOIC.E& aousE )OE CommoiNs WEDISDAY. JULY 2. I ORDERS OF TRZ DAY. .JUg1meIT3 r,OECCUtion, dc., Bill,-Adjonrned debate on second reasing. Bleachinda:, & WorLk (No. ') Bill,-Adiourneddebato on second reading. Regiszation of Leases (Scotand) BUil.-Cmnittee ScientUiecandLitera3 ' So-ieliBL-ConD ittee. Procedurebefore Justices (Sotill) BHL-Committee. tating of Mines BHll.-Secondreading. &zl. o. Bill.-&condvending. Pzoeedore and E,-dence Bill.- Comnmittee. Joint-Stock Bmanc Bill,-Adjonrned Debate on going into committee. uhurch Building Comnlitsion BUL-Committee. YWays and leanO.-Committee. 'rieons tIreland) BHL-As ameended, to he considered. Tithe Commutation Jtentcharge Bill,-Colmmittee. 11OTI0FS 00' M,OTIONS'5 Mr. Napier.-To ask,wlhether certain asters of ntionals3hooluin Ireland. in the CODnty of Donegal hbave been arrested on a cbahse of unlawful contedemey and ribbandinm, and whether tba said hehools are n connexion with the National Board as non-Tested schools. or cadovamest of henaflees receivedh5y theEccleias tliICoem)sonenstir and not yet provided Ior. stating in each case the name of the benefime. ho osccrteied. of itayresent income. andthe amount of benetactionif ansy. olffesed to meet a grant hy the eomrnissionecs. dIr 2~pie.-Adses fr cpy f te csreponence between the, Conmmmsttee of the Mod] Seculr pSchoohl ocf aEncohesteand the Committee of Counci on Education Mir. Rtichanse-nmto for eecandreading of Rleaching. &e. Works ). 0.2) iBill,tomovethat It be read a secondtime this day six months. Mr. I. Butt,-On mnotion for second reading of Bleaching, &c. Works (No. 2) DiU, to move that it be referred to aSelect Committee. MSr. Vare-(In snotion for goin5, into committee onJoint-stocl Banks Bil, to move that this House will this.day three months resolve itself into the said committee. Mr. Haield, - On motion for going into Committee on Chuems BuUding Commission Bill to move. thas thisn ouse will-hin day three moaths rsolve itself into the aid CommItee.
ADELPHI THIEATE. Everybody who has perused the theatrical records of the United States will have lighted upon the names of lfr. and Ms. Barney Wllimams, and have found them acknowledged throuagh the Transatlantic Republic as the " Irisa Boy" andl "Yankee Gal." Irish boys were, of course, plerttiful enough on the stage long before any of our readers were born, but we believe thatthe peculiar line of histrionic business which consists in exhibiting the oddities of the Newv England female of humble life is Mrs. Barney Williams's own proper invention. Six months ago none of our playgoers had a clear notion of,the exact attributes of the "Yankee Gal," but, thanks toAthe exertions of Mm Florence at Drury-lane Theatre the knowledge of this particular genus of Aiigleo Saxon humanity is now pretty widely diffused. Hence the foundress of the school, who is now at the Adelphi, has not that advantage of perfect novelty whichwas held bythe disciple at Drury-lane, NeTertheless, such a genial impersonation as that of Mrs. Barney'Williams could not be seen, under any circumsdanoes, without a due acknowledgment of the ilent and vivacity of the actress. The broad NewT England dialectthe sparlkling intelligent countenance-the perfect self-re-liance which seems to be the common prope-ty of our cousins, whatever be their age or sex-tho movements sudden, but not ungraceful-the pointed manner of delivering dillogue, richly fringed with Yankee imagery, nmake up a fre-h, healthy reality that cannot be seen withont gratification either by the student of national peculiarities, or by the admirer of a thoroughly unconstrained histrionic talent. The plot ofCusfeo3sof the Country, the piece whichintrodlaces Mrs. Williams to our public, is materially different from that of the Yaonkec Housekceper, brought to us by Mrs. Florence, but the charactersplayed by both the ladies are so precisely identical that we may regard them as one picture in two differentframes. A critic from hine might probably discover shades of distinction between the rival interpretations of the Yankee "help' (or servanti that escape our inexperienced eyes. We can only say that there appears to be morerepose in Mrs. Williams, and more impetuosity in Mm. Florence, and -without venturing upon nice discriminations-conigrtulate our relatives on the other side of the "big pond" forproducing two ladies of such unquestionable talent. Mr. Barney Williams, who is introduced to us in Mr. Buckstone's excellent force, the ris, Zl;iotr, chooses a line of character that is equally familiar to both sides of the Atlantic. He ha a great deal of comic force, to which he gives especial vent in certain lines, w hich, as they do not strike any chord iu our memories, we suppose were interpolated for the amusement of American audiences. The little touches of light and shade that came out so variously in the acting of the late Mr. Povrer, and are repeated by Mr Iludson, are not to be, found in Mr. Williams's broader delineation of the chLracter, but he has evidently a fund of quiet humour, anLd the grave dignity of his irast scene, -where he has not yet become a " lion" ia exceedingly well sustained. The jig which he dances at the party, and which is a capital display of animal spirit, he makes one of the chief features of the piece, and his Irish song is as well sung as can be desired. Let us not forget to state that ArmL Barney Williams introduces a new Yankee song into the Custonts of the Country, a pretty ditty about "My May Ann " of the same lyrical school as Mrs. Florence's "'Bobbing Around."
PUBLIC WORKS IN INDIA. TO TEEE EDITOR OF THE TmIS. Sir,-I think the sub50ined extract frowna popalar weeldv periodical will throw some light on the sense in wide statenments " by authority"' are toio iederstood. If you areof the samneopinion, perhapa you -will beoable to find a place for it in your j50nrnaL I am,~ Ssir SOur obedient sesvant. SCEPTIC. July L It was in vain I urged the great importance of the matter. My friend was obstinately cool and resolved. He was not only deputy-collector, but asgstant-magistrate, poor-master, deputy sarvoyor, and commissioner of roads and public works for a district as large as Scotlznd, wiv th a population of severalrmillions, and could not be expectedto mnove along very fast. "Besides," added Mangle Worzell, Jun., "yon'UM do aonrself no good by bothering the Government abont swrampe and stem engines" I caUold his Attentioni to the eonteuts of despstcle No. 2S,637, in which all collectors and heir deputies wero enjoined to aid th ralway engineers to the ntmost of their ability. "T.rne," added my friend, "that certainly was the substance of a despatch from the Court oUDireators, and it wil read arkcably well in the next 3ast Indigo blue-book; but it happened that that despatc was accompanied by a 'private and confideLtiAl' one of a precisely opposite charamter." I vas astounded, butI rememb.rhaving hear&that states. men can-ied on the chief work of government by means of private notes which are never placed on official record. ' Why," eontinued young Mangle WVorzell, "w vYhen }: first came in tho Mofssil I wsas bu as yOU are, but very soonhadahintfrom Calwuttatothe,efectthat if I wished for promotion Imust keep things quiet, and not trouble the Government with new ideas and schemes. I have done so. fy work is sadly in arrears, but I have given the big folks no trouble, and in a f ew months I expect a good move to Amssm, on double my pTemet sali."-Tht Kofuesai tQouschold Words. Jzye 28).
IMPBOVEMRNT OF CHAZCERY-LAE. TO TE EDITOi OF TBE TIMES. Sir,-PFermit us to correct a paragra$ in yours of this date, wherein you state that " the materaldsof ninehouses in Chxnery-lane, Bell-yard, and Pope's Zead-oourt wrere publidy sold yesterday for the purpose of clearir.g the s;te for the erection of the south 'wing of the Eall od te Lair Institution." The sale has ot yet takena,i hxvingbeen postponed for ten days. We ask the favour of your insertig ih%, in order that the sale may not be prejudiced to the injury of the above society, for whomi we have the honour of acting as auctioneers. I We are. sir. voim: Vrar G.i411. HAMMOND rL.OART Utate Agency and AuctiGn-offices 28, Ch-oery-lane, July L PlYwouVrR, July 1.-The Mnercihant schooner Jane El'is, Capkain Vinkham, fwm Balonica, wrih India ; orn ut i.ni touth yaseiday. Iniat. 48 N., long. t 920 . . re rceiedCaptaiun Orbeta and b ce of seveDn men, beloonging to the Spanish bnimtine Amelia, from ,t-Biiboa, with coprer ore, for Swanaea, wwzarasndoido ;in X tinkng Stare, and is surppoe to hae gone down
OKNDOK, WEDH.ESDAY JULY 2, 1836. ln the House of Lords last night, A Select Committee was appointed, on the motio, ot to inqT51wmto tVe expe=*& now incurred by Irish Peers claiming the right to vote in the election for representativePeers. Some other business was also despatched, afier which their Lordship3 adjourned. The House of Commons, at the morning sig, went into committee upon the Prisons (Irelfad) Bill, after some objections by Mr, X&cARYnm aad Colonel :FR{cH. On the order for resuming the adjourned debate on the second reading of the Dublin Metropolitan Police Bill, Colonel Fzxcu complained of this bill being forced upon the city of Dublin, against the strong representations of the inhabitants. Objections to ±he bill were liewise offer3d byMr. MLGumR- and Lord NAAS. | Fr. Hoasx& regretted that the mea&ure, whic;h was merely a consolidation bill, should have xmt With so mkuch opposition; but, s the-oporatioa f the city of Dublin, fromnjisoonception en d K-rong hostility to it, ud it donbful whe the bill could be pasWedthissession, he should wit damw it. The order for the secondl reading of the bill wltv
Upon foreign affairs the British House of Commonm is seldom anything more than an historical society. Unless a case is very bad indeed, and we can hardly recall the time when there was a case bad enough, we all agree to back up the. Cnrowx and the Government against all the world. The assailants are generaUly men with their domestic quarrel, liLe Mr. MoonE, or lawyers who take a brief against Government simply to set the thing going, or statesmen out of place ana temper, or philosophers always ready to sat theories against resLilts. But, as few foreign affirs, or few affairs of any kind, aro done without manifold sin3 of omission and commission, andlthe more serious the crisis the greater the, bungling and mishaps, there are also critics of the correct and cold-blooded class who make ample use of the opportunity for judicious criticism. We believe we shall attach ourselves in the present instance to the last class, for we are honestly of opinion that there was even an -unnecessary amount of bungling in the American enlistment affair. WVe have good right to say so, for we deprecated the scheme of a foreign legion from the very beginning, long before ihose mysterious interviews between MIr. CnAm'romi and Mr. MARcy, of which the truth will never be known to mortal man. We ventured to predict that we should only embroil ourselves withStates with whom it was our best interest to keep at peace, that the process would involve disagreeable channels and means, and that the object would be amply attained by the usual expedient of raising the pay of the soldier. The only excuse was that our Government was confessedly in a great strait; men were wanted, especially those who knew a little of soldiering, and recruiting has always been a very troublesome affair. There are things -we don't look into if we can help it. No man wants to know how his dinner is cooked, and we shall certainly cherish. our early notions of honour and glory better with-' out knowing how our army is made. The recruiting service is not the highest, and the specialty selected for it is not the most refined. We felt all this, and vished to spare Him MuxsTY's Ministers the humiliation of dealing with men of the MIajor DAGTTrry class. You cannot touch pitch without being defiled However, others thought differently, and Government, after some delay, rushed into the recruitinga service with as much self-abandonment as they would into the humours and horrors of a contested election. The result is quite in conformityI with this needless precipitation.' Was therej ever a contested election that would bear ripping I up? Tt would really seem as if the ordeal throughi which our statesmen have all had to pass had produced a little bluntness of taste as to the use of agents and dulness of understanding as to the methods employed, for the story of our enlistment scheme in the United States bears a marvellous resemblance to the invariable type of a contested election. There is just the same difficulty in reconciling practice with law, in finding able and at the same time trustworthy agents, and in securing by decent means electors who are acessible onlyto the worst. The scenes described as occurring' throughout March and April, 1854, in the principal cities of the United States must have reminded many a citizen of the land of his birth. There were many circumstances to favour the illusion,things called by odd names; feeding that, oI course, was not treating; favours that, of course, were not bribes; promises that, of course, meant anything or nothing; and, throughout the whole, a redeeming sense of honour, even between members and constituents, wanting to more sacred relations and more respectable business. There is a coarse saying of our neighbours, much used by XAroLEoiT, recommending people to wash their dirty linen at home. This is precisely what we do on a very large scale at a general election, and it is precisely what we forgot to do when: we opened offices and appointed rendezvous, ana advertised weekly packef-Aips, and took intsour confidence thescum of the earth, in the he: oi the United Stae, under the vety eyes, ears, and noses of vigilant spectators, bearing bs scant affection. The thing would have passed .of; after all, like many a much worse affsar, but for the accident of what we must call a thirdparty comning into the field. The American PzsssNxxr and bis friends saw the rtupid fellows at their work, and made a stoop at the booty. They perceived, with the intuition of a vulture, that thero was capital to be, made out of the hubbub. It must have been a delightful moment when the officials of Washington first scented the quarry that we threw in their way. England's weakness had then indeed become Anierica's oppoltuniity. We shall not vex the- patience of our readers by discussing for the fiftieth time the law of the United States. The whole quiestion was stated with noondayllucidity, clear as crystal, by the *ATroRNyGm,=Asi on Monday night. It was omitted by Mlr. MooBE and smudged over by Sir F. THrsEIGEa; but Sir A. CocKBusN states it so that he who runs may read. The United States expressly, and even ostentatiously, permit their own citizens, much more aliens and the subjects of any other realm, to go and fight for any cause they please. But then their own territory must be neutral. There must be no engagement, no overt act directly, in order to enlistment in a foreign service, made on the soil of the United States. Mr. MoonE, and after him Mr. GLADSTONE and others, have assumed that the Americans utterly object to their citizen entering a foreign service, and that the fault of our Governmient consisted in trying to evade a declared desire, having the nature of municipal law. We were warned not to enlist. they say, but yet persisted in doing so, and then the proclamation of the Lieutenant-Governor of Nova Scotia is appealed to in order to prove our obatinacy and dishonesty, when the obnoxious NewYork placard had been, disavowed. All this is simple nonsense. Not only is there no law in the United States, no constitutional obstacle against joining a foreign service, but every facility and encouragement is given to it, so it be done without compronising the territory of the United States. Mr. MsAuc knew well what he was about when he said that if half the citizens of the IUnion chose to go into Canada and enlist to fight the Russians, they were welcome to do so. He well knew that at tne time he spoke hundreds of Americans were leaving to side with the liberal party in Nicaragua, and, like many other Americans, he looLed forward to the day when " sympathizers" would be turning the scale in British America and the West India Ilands. It is the Americans themselves who make and insist on the distinction which Mr. Moosx charges to the political casuistry of the British Government. It answers their purpose to do so, and it works well for their purpose. A little consideration, however, might have shown to our Government that, besides a particular interest in opening a quarrel just on the eve of an election, the Americans are always sore on this very point of enlistment. Over and over again the British Minister has had to call the attention of the American Government to open recruiting going on f;.r expeditions to Texas, or to Cuba, or elsewhere; and now they have turned the tables on us, as they choose to believe, by detecting an ac'tual enlistment by British agencies. The House of Commons has declared by a very large majority that it will not open a quarrel wbich in some fashion or other has been closed; that it will not throw umnecessary discredit on a compromise which has been accepted; and that it will not dive deeper into the question of the enlist ment than the American Government itself has done. That Government, we doibt not, has consulted its own convenience by leaving the matter as it then stood, and concentrating its morbid humour on the persons concerned. The truth is, as we have intimated, American citizens desire nothing so little as any curtailment of the liberty to fight with whom, and against whom, and where and when, they please. They are content to be neutral on European questions. They have no wish to fight for constitutional principles, for a creed, for order, for the balance of power, or any other thing which does not affect them. The countries that wish for succour fromi the United States on these grounds must expect to meet with small encouragement from the Presidents, the Attorney-Generals, the Marshals and Judges, and even the newspapers of that people. Their objection attaches to tho object,. not to the practice itself. If they have vindicated the neutrality of their soil by their lata proceedings, they have not less secured from irreverent discussion their liberty of sympathizing. What we chiefly regret in the British part of the affair is that we have countenanced a principle to which the Americans evidently attach great value, but which they think may be applied to much more solid purposes than a barren sympathy with European freedom and hatred of Russian aggression. We have clumsily been taking part in an American game with which the natives were much more familiar than ourselves, and which they knew how to tarn to better account. They have bowled us out, and have the field now to themselves, as we shall see whenever tne Americans fimd anything they think worth enlisting for.
The nation, after many sorrows and many anxieties, is now glad to rejoice with those that rejoice. From one end of the country to the other families, friends, and acquaintances are welcoming the heroes in their various degrees who are once more setting foot on the English shore. The last brilliant exploit of the war has been nearly the first to receive its reward. Sir FExwIcn WirLIAs and his companions of Kars won their laurels chiefly in the two months which succeeded the capture of the Bialal-hoff, and they are among us, while most of the Crimean celebrities are still listlessly whiling away the time before Sebastopol, or steaming slowly along the Med1iterranean -and the Bay of Bisay with provoking stoppages at Malta, Gibraltar, or the Tagus. Many may not arrive until the end of sum-mer has scattered the London world and precluded an immediate ovation. But let none despair. The Engliah are not a people to forget their soldiers' deeds because a few months-more have elapsed since they were achieved, nor do they require a triumphal entry to fix in their minds the return of the brave men whom they admire. They will welcome heartily those who com.e first, simply because they are the first, the representatives of thewhole army-of those who are on the sea, of those who yet remain on those wasted ridges and vaUeys, and of -the still more sad and glorious band who will never -more see countryorhomeorfriends. Individual soldiers will return, and will be greeted, young and old Generals and subalterns but a year or two from school, with all the warmth that national gratitude can express. But this feeling will be twofold; we shall honour the men we see before us, but we shall also honour the battalions, the army, the nation, the aliance, and the cause which they represent. Not that we think less of them personally, but that we think more of the acts with which they are associated, the objects which they have helped to achieve, and the spirit which sgnt them to their work. Their friends wil receive them with pride in their individual Labours, but with greater pride as having formed part of the army which has done such great things in past times as well as present, an companions of thowewho return to the countries of our lie#, as 4omrades of those who are no more, as oontinuers £f the traditions in which their countrymens hAve been e4udatd, nm the representatives of al that has been done in the four quarters of the world since England was a nation. Tiro battalions of the Guards havo landed and will soon ma'ko their entryinto London. Let no nnau cavil becauss their reception will be triumphal or urge, what YeaV;know, that the men who return are not those who departed on that cold Valentine's-day in 1854. It is true that the regiments which saw the fall of Sebastopol contain but a small proportion of the brave men who then, as they marched through the deserted streets of London,:rousedthe sleepers on every side with the sound of martial music. ifn age, strength, and stature the new levies may be inferior to the veterans who then went forth, but the country will receive those who return as the representatives of their. predecessors, and will willingly ascribe to them the merit not only of their own deeds, but of all that was done and suffered by those whose places they 'took. The achievemenits of the Grenadiers, Coldstreams, and Fusileers, from the Alma to the last elays of the war, -will be thrown into a mass, and the honour rill be given to the Guardsmen who return. Who shall object to this generous fiction? Did not those who fell take pride in what their regiments had done in former times, and was it not their dearest wish that their own conduct might throw a lustre I on their corps in times to come ? The Guards of 1854 considered themselves the Guards of Waterloo; why should not those of the present- hour have the credit of the Alma and Inkermann ? The fever-stricken at Varna, the slain of the Crimea,all who have succumbed to wounds, disease, or labour during two eventful years,-are honoured when their surviving comrades are received with enthusiasm. We have, indeed, sufficient eause to look on these returning troops with chastened exrltation. 'When the remnant which is left first quitted these shores their return was talked about almost as much as now.. We should soon see them again, all would speedily be over, it was a demonstration, a diplomatic coup,-nothing more. The nation, and the world in general, have no cause to beproud of theirforesight. The changed aspect of these bands is a commentary on the littleness of political wisdom, or, it .may be said, of any wisdom. Nor can we forget how much the failure of a system, the imperfection of which was never hinted at by its organizers until it was proved by a collapse, has had to do with the small number of veterans which we shall discern among the Guards of 1856. Let us look on them, and with pride in what has been done ponder how much more might have been achieved. But there is a necessity for something more than reproaches against rulers, military and civil. The nation at large must take a lesson from the sight, for, as it is itself now the mainspring of its own government, every calamity and every lault is, in truth, ultimately attributable to itself. If it be a wealkess to turn from thepublic advantage to the happiness of individuals, it is, at any rate, one in which human feeling may naturally indulge. But there are hundreds of families to whom the entry of the Guards will bring little but melancholy memories. They will see or hear of the return of a corps the same in name as that which went forth, but in little else. All that joined them in a personal interest to it is now gone. A para, graph in a despateh or a newspaper, a tablet in some country church, alone remains to them of the son or brother who was their pride, or perhaps their support. Now, we do not say that the - Guards have suffered more than many regiments of their comrades, nor would we urge niational condolence with the privations of the wealthy and the highborn more than with those of ordinary English households. But we may without odious comparisons remind our readels of the achievements and sufferings of the brigade. Do not compare them invidiously with the Light or any otherDivision, but take them by themselves. Eight officers of the Coldstreams were buried in one grave after Inkermann; the three battalions together lost 14 officers. The horrible story of Russian cruelty connected with the fate of some of these is still fresh in every one's memory. We may hope, for the credit of a people who are now no lornger our enemies, that this was an isolated and unpremeditated act of barbarity. Thne Russian officer who was seized while urging on the dastardly work died a few months after in an English hospital, and it was no unmanly revenge that he was well tended and provided for until his end. After the terrible day of Iukermann other enemies assaulted the un.happy brigade. They had their share of fatigue and privation, and more than their share of sickness. At one time we believe only 300 were fit for duty. The splendid troops which had excited the admiration of our allies, both French and Ottomans, were before February almost destroyed. Twenty years of leisurely recruiting had been necessary to raise that pickeed corps, by the side of which all foreign troops appeared but boys, and that hour of confusion and distress -was not a time to be select. The Guards are not what they were, but a few years of peace will restore them to their ancient standard. The military eye will once more rejoice at their tall forms and complete equipment; the Londoner and his country visitors will once more stop to admire them on guard or parade. But where will be those who have fallen? The army will fill its ranks, the nation will recover its strength and reputation, but there will be wounds in many a heart which time cannot heal. As the Household Troops of the Quxm aud the garrison of the capital, as having fought as bravely and suffered as much as any of their fellows, we receive the Guards with sympathy and admiration. As those who return are the representatives of their companions now no more, so we conceive the Guards tobe the representatives of the entire army. Every man who has served his country in those distantregions, whether in tho field or tho hospital, may fairly take his sbare in the tribute which the public is about to offer. It is not in the spirit of favouritism or even of thoughtlessness that the welcome will be given. Clubs, or corporations, or private individuals have their several modes of honouring the illustrious. The people in general have but one way to testify by their crowds and kind greetings the feelings which animate them; and by such means will they show the Guards, and through the Guards the whole army, how closely they have watched the achievements of two momentous years.
Society in the United States, whether we look upon it in its political or social aspects, presents a most perplexing problem. Their social standard professes to be the samo as ours. American society professes to be what is technically caUed " society." Yet one man cudgels another in the Senate-house at Washington, and is admired by one-half of the American world for so doing. That is a problem which we ask somebody to solve. So, again, their standard of social order and law professes to be the same as ours. The United States Courts go baC; to the precedents of English Courts and the decisions of English lawyers; they go back to Coke upom LiUet7on, to .Fortesrue, and even to Roman law. The Americana pride themselves upon their hereditary code, and their established principles of law. Then they have all the feeling in favour of social order whichl prosperous trade, manufactures, and commerce produce. New York, is govermed by as regular a system of police as London But co-existing with tbi" regulvr and estsa- blished system of law is the alato of .tings in .Kansag, California, and we may add, ag the gi<ted Statei have pnidertaken the responsibility of it, Nicaragua and Cenural America. Who wliU cx plain this extraordins;ly mixture? eW&e-can understand barbarism, aud we wan understand civilization, but barbarism asid civfIzation together are very difficult to understand. Who till solve thls sphynx and -iddle of a people-this centaur, half man and half quadruped ? There is an old remark, that if you, give a horse a fish's tail you produce an eccentric animal. This combination, of opposites that we have in Americau society is eccentric, strange, and monstrous. There must be some deep element of disorder, some radical reakness or disease in the UTnited States' system, or some primordial incongruity and jar, which can produce at once -three such scenes of chaos as Kansas, California, and Nicaragua. Parent States have generally |been reflected in their ofispring, the public system at home haa naturally migrated witlh the emigrant, and the colony is, in the main, been a sample of the mother country. It was so in classical times, and, though our English colonies diverge in many respects from the social life of the mother -eountry, still they exhibit all her main public features. An English colony naturally succeeds to English law and English justice. But the United States have law and order at the centre and confusion at the extremes. The instant we are out of the settled States of the Union we are in a kidn of political commencement of things, in | which society seems to be beginning again, and I struggling upward from the barbarous to the eivilized state, from disorder to regularity, and from wild and savage -to civil justice. California has been recently exhibiting a Po2 TwOus mob scene on a most solenm and striking model-we say a PoRTEous mob scene, but there is this difference, that the mob in California, which seems to consist of the most respectable classes, has not limited themselves to one case, but has erected itself into a permanent tribunal of justice. It appears that in California murder has not met hitherto at al certain or regular punishment. A man, it seems, couid -commit a murder in open day and in the public streets, and, if he had a good backing of public and private friends, could depend on immunity. A certain " Jism P. "CASEY," who is described as an editor of a newspaper in San Francisco, as " a prominent " man among the gamblers and shoulderstrikers," and as " a successful ballot-box stuffer-so success"ful that on counting the votes in his ward it was "found he was elected one of the supervisors of "the county by a large majority, although} he was "not even knodn by the voters as a candidate," appears to have taken advantage of this privilege to shoot in the open streets a Tival editor, " a "Mr. .TAu-Es KurG, of WiuAr," a surname which is explained by " the use of the old style of Mfary"-land and Virginia to distinguish two of the same "name, as JA31Es KurG, son of WiLLI,r KwG, "from JAMES, son of GrEORGE KING." The murdered man had been a successful gold discoverer, but had lost a fortune of 150,000 dollars which he had made in four years in a certain firm of " ADAS and Co.," in which he had lodged it, and whose receivers, "J. C. WOODS and " Conzr" had thoroughly cheated him at the winding-up of the accounts' Indignant at his ,treatment, Mlr. JMERS KrNG, of WULTAr, set up a small sheet called the Eeeni,zg BuMetin, mainly for {he purpose of exposing the frauds as well of WOODS andCoi as of otherfraudulent men of businessinSan Francisco. "Honest,fr-nk,andstraight"forward, thoroughly detesting vice, and possessed "of great moral and physical courage," MIr. KnmG attacked in this paper " the hydra-monster cor"ruption, -which was sapping the very foundations "of society," and did it with a very unsparing hand. Hlis paper attracted thousands of honest "miners, labourers, mechanics, and merchants " advertisers flocked to his desk; in a short time he was obliged to enlarge his sheet; and the popular and influential Evewing Bulletin- continued toI attac;k -with increasing energy all the blots of Californian society, "the vices of judges, juries, "men in high political position, our bands of "ballot-box stufers, our hosts of gamblers, our "scores of dishonest and pettifogging lawyers.` Jealousy at his editorial success and revenge for his unsparing satire at last brought Mr. CAszr upon him. MIr. Km-, though a man of known courage, and accusst omed to eject summarily all threateners of personalviolence from his editorial room, was conscientiously opposed to duelling, while at the same time " he always went "about well armed" against open attack. The only alternative was to shoot him unprepared. Nor had Mr. CAss calculated amiss his resources Ifor security, as things ordinarily went in San Francisco. " His friends stood around him, and C" a carriage was ready to bear him to the gaol," which was put at his disposal-a place of r cftgea somewhat singular purpose to put a gaol to, and rather contrary to the general design for which gaols are supposed to have been made. But there is a point beyond which human nature will not endure wrong, and when regular justice fails wild justice comes in. The honesty and public spirit of Mr. KnEIG had gained him the respect of all the best society in San Francisco. The respectable citizens, on the news of the murder, immediately assembled, formed a committee and a public purse, purchased arms, amniunition, and cannon, took possession of the city, and established a military guard. The gaol was besieged by "1 2,000 armed men-" rifles "were "posted on the roofs of the houses overlooking it," and " a heavy piece of ordnance pointed dead at "the great iron door." Unprepared for such an attack the authorities delivered up the murderer, who was taken before the commnittee and examined. The value of his confessions, which implicated many in his guilt, had, up to the last intelligence, delayed his death, but the new tribunal of justice still sits, and is supreme at San Francisco, which is occupiedwith armed troops, patrols, audnightlyaud daily guards, which acknowledge the authority of the self-constituted Government. So much for California. At Kansas the civil war continues to rage, and from Nlcaragua we hear that the general insecurity which prevails under the new Government is at last turniig the Nicaraguans themselves against American influence. How long is such a medcley of order and con- fusion, barbarism and civilization, government and no government, to last in the United States? It would appear at first sight that it would not be long, and that a dissolution must come. Yet the same causes which produce the disorder rather tend to remedy this particular result of it. The truth is, the new and raw material of which a large portion of the United States population is composed, placed, as it is, in a scene of unbounded resources and Mimitable action, is not amenable to settled law. But that very novelty and feverishness of American life which makes them unamenable to law, if it does not withdraw their attention from, creates a lo*unterbalanco to, internal feuds and sources of division and as a matter of fact we find a good deal of toleration and mutual forbearance in the United States. The Northern States accept measures which are necessary forthe i Southern, however opposed intrinsically to them; the general idea prevails of the necessity o: give and take in a population of such conflieting interests, and the old and well-settled States forgive -the irregularities of the now and raw ones.
TO1?TU!GAL. . (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) LIVERPOOL, TuEDAY EVEMNDG. By the arrival of the Brag.nza wre have rrzeivmod our Lisbon corresnondent's letter to the 24th ult. ; The House of Deputies has shown great promptness .,n approving the two biUs introduced by newvlUnisters, viz.:For the legislation of the State revenue and expendlinre in conformity with last yeas's budget, and for the admission of grain up to the 30th of June at a mere nominal dnty. Both Lills have been alreaay sent up to tho Peers, and although Indian corn is not yet declared to be included in tho general admission of grain after the 30th of Junq, the Gnverament is to be cautioned bv the bill, also, to decree its admission should the native harvest of Indian corn fail as much as that of wheat and barley. The Ministers have not yet brought forward any mbaetL tution for iM. Fontew's measuro respecting the fareigu bondholders, and it appean they are waiting for additional conces3ions which they have sent to negp tiate in London with Messrs. Thomson and Shawr, Who will find small benefit in new agreementE witlt a Cortes which cannot, in the present state of politics,] be relied uponforthe approval of them. Strange to say, the Kinghas shownlittle dispositionto do awvy with the osfice of Commander-in-Chief now that the Dnke of SaldanlA has made it easy by offering his resignation. It is an of lce wvhich ought long since to have been Abolished, an(i it if strange that the new Ministers should decine a resignasion which would have enabled them so easily to satisfy the clamonra of their ultra-Progresista supportere in the Deputies,. who have long called for its suppression. This conscientious party now jutifies the fGovernment by setting forth the political convenience of enabling the Duke of Saldanha to be allowed to appear as a victim shorn cf his his honours and emoluments by the recent change of Administration. There were no English ships of war in the port, bht the Duke of Wellington was expected daily.
COURT CIBCULARI Mr. Claudet had the honour of daguerreotypinga zroupat Glocester-house on Monday, consL-ting of Rer Majesty. herRoyal Highness the Duchess of Glocester, the Prince of Wales, and the Princess Alice. His Royal Highness Prince Albert honoured Mr. Carewand Mr. Raymond Smith -with 'visits at their studios on Monday. His Boyal H ighness Prince Albert, accompanied by Prince Oscar of Swveden, drove to Enfield yestedy, and 'went over the Government Small Arm Factory. Prince Arthur and the Princesses Helena and Lanisa visited her Royal HighnewtheDuchesc of Kentat Clarence. house, St. James's, yesterday. |The Queen, accompanied by the Prnce of Wales and the Princess loyal, and attended hy the Hon. Caroline Cavendish tok adrie ysteray ftenoo inan open landauI andfour. Lord Alfred PagyetandLord nCharles Fitroy attended on horseback. His Majesty the King of the Belgians arrived yesterdav at Buckingham Palace on a visit to the Queen. The King was received at Dover by Lord Camoys, Lord in Waiting, and Colonel F. H. Seymour, Equerry in W.itingto Prince Albert. His Majesty travelled by the South. 1astern Railway to London, and was metat the Bricklayers' Arms station by his Royal Highness the Prnce Consort. attended by Captain the Eon.D. de Ros. The Royal larty proceeded in four of the Queen's carriages and four to. Buckingbam Palace, where they arrived at 25 minates be.fore 8 o'clock. The King was handed from the carriage by the Duke of Wellington, Master of the Horse, and was received at the grand entrance by Her Majesty the QeLeen, who was accompanied bh their Royal Highnesses the Prince of Wales, thePrincess Royal, the Princess Alice, and the younger Royal children, and was attended by the Ladies inWa.ziting. the Mlarquisof Breadalbane, Lord Chanberlain, the Marquisof Abercorn,Groom oftheStoletothePrince,an Ithe Gentlernen of the Royal Household i Waiting. His Majesty the King of the Belgians was accompanied by their Royal Highnesaes the Prinmess Charlotte of Blgixum and the Count de Flandres. The suite comprised the Countess d'Yve, Madame do Bov6e, Colonel do 1oerkerke, Captain Burrell, and Dr. Coopk. Her Royal Righness the Duchess of Kent dined with the Queen last evening. {r. Trnrer, of Kevcastle-on-Tyne, and the Messrs. Jennings had the honour of submitting to Her Majesty's inspection their twvo large draviings of Sehastopol, as it apnpeared from the heights of Severnaia e n the Bussian side of the great harbour, before and after the war, by Captin Michael Simeonoff of the Ordnance.office, Sebastopol, K. Whittock, qi., and M. Vasilkovitch, of Moscow, photographerto theolate Prince Paslciewitsch The Countess of Gainsborough has succeeded the Duches of Atholl as the Iad in Waitig to the Queen. Lorl Camoys has relieved Lord Rivers in his duties as Lord in Waiting to Her Majesty. Calonel Francis Hugh Sey'our has relieved Ca,tain the Hon. de Ros in his duties as thc Eq nerry in Wasting to Prince Albert. deputation from the 'vestry of Chelsea had an interview wit-h Sr Benjamin Hallyesterdayat the office of Works, WVhitehall-place. The deputation consisted of Lord. Chelsea, !d.P., Mr. Tite,M.P4blr.Fielder(chucrhwareiez), Mr. Perry, r. Stricldand, and Mr. C. Laheo, vestry clerk.
How BPxrAcx BxuS Tmn Wxvs.-We gave on Tuesdsy an account of the last wonder in English naval architecture-the steamship Great Estern, now being Iuilt at London. To-day, by way of contrast, we give an ac nt of what the Englis3h papers call the maosquito fleet-a i3ood name. The mos3quito may sting a giant to d'eath; and thes little spitfires, wit their long 6S's and their flet kees, if they did not capture a frigts, hould, as they say dow east, " orry" heralmost to deathe. They idre lesofeor eur Western steamers, and will xun wuherever it is ds:np tohey swere cotructed laot iter to operate in the tlbe where vessews of heavy droaght wrere of no use. These vessels number more than the entire Ulnited States nnG v and,is case of 3 wvar 'with us, they could devastate ourAtlantic coast from Msine to the Gnlf. The idex of tieir a ment-a long heavy Paixhan, mounted on a trivot sa as to swreep the horizon-wasra borrowed from us. Vuring the Idexican ar it was found that our vessels were of no use in the lMexican ports, where the water is shallof,; Lnd Governmenert fitte out four coasting xchooners as bomb brigs, ewoh carrying a Paixhan which would throwr shot and sheilla distance of three miles. Several small atesmers w,ere likewiise ormed in the same manner, and all the real work done in the ar on the part of the nsty was accompiheed by tense snappers. This little squadron was.vcalled the moeqtimT1 wleet. Their light draught enabled them to run almost anywohere; ad, as they pmresented but a n rrow strip over the nwter lne sthey could not be renailyboit either by attoR batteries or heavier vessels. The :nghish ileet is an aiprovement upon the suggestion thrown out here ten yeoa s' ago, and the descriptive artiCle we give elsewhiere iS full of hin'ts for our navl consttractors. hliec who happen to knowi the xa ct amount of our And force can amuse themseloes bymaking a calculstionhoft;e noumber of hours it hould be seen above water if atche by the 36o effective vessels of the British navy, with tain united broadsides of 7,354 gsuns Bt ithis encourainf t weno that althmugh we have nonavy wIorth mentiong, wt that the dispaitf wcas lust as great 40 years ag, 'rhen e whipped Bntannia in every fair fight on the .And know that in case Df a war, ritht or wrong, the ec ls uonld henfrond, the officers tould bdeat thecraposts, ill, ensign of the Itepublic wrould be nailed to the peak, and. thousands of stout fellows, tr ined in the best cehool of wiro sailor-the mercantile marine-wrould spriaE to tne gun when the drmns beat to quretrs. Ins the -ist war wIlth Enland tahe difpiculte, was not how to waise men for w1se navy, but how to duspose of the sarlant volunteers wae burned to enroll their names by th ffside of I)ecatur, Hull, and Stewat The atreongth of this country in time of war, both en the land and ens the ocas eenastain our alilHit to turn-t;he imnplemnenta of pece into weapnone of wa--4 make thoe ploughbahre into a sword, and improvise a iran vessel out of a mail steamer or a boarung packet. If re did not lack guns, we never ahoulla ck vesmels or men; ;tin the waters of New Yorki Philadelphia, and Boston ;&i cculd raie hundreds of steazers at a month,anoti,e, wl plenty of volunteerseager ad readyto man them. x%. British navy in time of peace costA, in round eussbests $W0,O0.OOO0 a-year being two-thirds as ' Dls asl our entire' z:atiesal-expenses under the profiaE adsnziution 4t Pierce an4 Macy-^Ye Yen- -... .
- FOREI6GN INTB-ELLIGaBJVO.- FRATNORE., trOM 0 ) OUR 4)WN OORRZSFODENT.) tA portioni of the following a4pear6d in our second edition of Testerd3tr :-1 ±rA.U#, :.A10YDAY, JUNEV ;j; 6IP.IL A decided improvement has t:ken place during the past vweek in the trade of Paris and the departmuents. In the provinces, where there prevailed for a long time an almost complete cessation of business 'with the principal auanufcturers of the capital, the state of paralysis is beginning to disappear, and orders have already come up to the mnanufacturing tow7ns. BulCyers from Beaucaire have visited.1Rouen and Mulbuse ; and advices from that well-known wart justify the hope that this year's -fair will be satisfactory, and announce that it 'wnll in all likelihood be prolonged five days more than usual. El the fancy goods' bianch not much lhas been done in the retail establishments here. The season for the lighter summer stuffs is over, and the wet season which prevaiiled so long, andwith such little interruption, has done much injury. lNevertheless, the retsu-n of fine wseather, which 'we have now. enjoyed for some days past, has imparted a certain degree of animastiOn to business. O)f the trade in tisqsues the most remarkable fact is the great rise in silk fabrics. The lyons manufacturers are unable to execute the orders they contnue to receive. From 15 to 20 buyers from Paris have already been in that market, and have taken off everything disposable they could lay hands on, and there is every reason to apprehend a further rise, from the failure of the silk crop, and the high price vf the primary materialswill necessarily produce that of the fabric. The result is that 'within the last fortnight the vholesale houses in 1'aris have raised the prices of their goods not less than 20per cent. Another circumstance 'which has tended to paralyze operations in various manufactures for the last 15 days is the uncertainty with regard to the passing of the bill on the removal of prohibition from the tarifi; and the agents have been awaiting its adoption or rejection bc'for cnmmencing purchases. Many important orders from England are reported ; and the state of thA London money-market is consideled here as satisfactory. The facilities for discounting afforded by the Bank of iEngland have enabled several English houses to send large orders to the continental manufactories. This new movement of capital will, no doubt, produce a corresponding effect on the French market, and the Paris Bank 'will, it is said, lim-it its purchases of the precious metals. which it had been obliged to continue since the month of July last. Under a.L circumstances it is believed that- the Bank will also reduce its rate of discount. on commercial paper, but retain the present rate on Rentes and railroad shares. The return of fine weather has at last dissipated the fears 'which the continuance of rain had justly occasioned all through the country. We have now reached a most importantperiod forthe corn aswell as for the 'wine crop. By general consent tlle appearance of the former is all that can be desired; but, had the filling 'of the ear taken place during the heavy and incessant rain, the harvest would have been seriously endangered. To these apprehensions, which are in great measure allayed, is to be attributed the rise in the corn-mark;ets, and, as these are generally rather scantily supplied, the speculator has profited by the circumstance to produce another rise in the Paris Halle of 5f. to 6f. per sack of flour. 'Wines are also on the rise, owing to the apprehensions of a scarcity this year, and the stock in the hands of proprietors in the wine districts, as also at Bercy, is not considerable. The news from the southern departments is not encouraging; the ra-m lasalready done much injury. Insects and the 'well-known disease, which has already appeared in some vineyards of the Hautes-Pyrncmes, Roussillon, and the Bordelais, will, it is feared, do further nmischief. The vine is less advanced in Burgundy, but there, too, the rain has done some damage; nevertheless, it is thought that if the presert fine 'weather lasts to the middle of July there are still hopes that tbe produce will. be tolerable. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71!. 35c. for Fae end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., at 93f.; and the New Loan at 71f. COo.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,400f.; Great Northern, 1,130f.; Strasburg, 950.; lNew Shares, S,Cf.; Paris and Lyons, 1,500f.; Lyons to the Idediterranean, 1,725f.; Westemn of France, 90£L; Bordeaux and Cette, 7G0f.; G>reat Central of France, (65f.; Lyons and Geneva, 810!.; Bauk of Cridit LIobilier, 1,580!.; Austrian Railways, 010f. Cours Authatique.-PARxS, June 30.'-Cash Prices.- Four-and-s-Half per Cents. (not reimbur.able for 10 years), Mji. 40c. 25c. WOc.; Three per Cent,, nf. 65c. 5Oc.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 71f. I0c.. ditto Certificates (s0 per cent, paid), 71f. 70c.; Treasury Bonds, 5 per cent. for three nionths; Bank of France, 40-75Ef. 4,0o0F. ; CrEdit Poncier. 685f. ex. div.; ditto Obliiations SOOF., Four per Cents., 43Sf.; Credit Mobilier, 1,592f. 50c. 1,587f. 50c. 158af 1,590f. ; Discount Bank-, 680L. 6Sf.; Piedinontese Five per Cents., 92f. 75c; ditto Three per Cents., 5Sf.; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., '.18 Itomans 86j; Spanish Interior Debt; 404. Exchange oa London. at sight, money, 2Sf, 32Mc.; three months, money, 21E. 02tc. AUSTRIA. (sRosr OUR oWN coRsaSoPNDra.) VIENNA, Jiua 27. During the last seven or eight years the bu-gomnasters and common councils of the different cities aud towns in the Austrian empire have been elected by the burghers, but there is reason to believe that the municipal laws that are about to appear are very lile those which were in force in the year 1348. According to the Pesth Lloyd the affairs of the communities will not in future be managed by persons elected by the citizens, butt by ernptoyis to bve appointed by the Imperial Government. Sin'e theyear 1849 the so-called "rnasgistracy" (magistrate) has been merely an ex:ecutive organ, but it is again to be elevated to the rank 'which it held in former times. In order, however, that what is intended by Government may be perfectly clear to your readers, it will be necessary to recapitulate. 'Th;e burgomaster and common council elected by the people will, sooner or- later, be dismissed, and replaced by the " magistracy," 'which is to be the supreme municipal authority, as was the case in former times. ~Although the counsellors of the niagistracy will be appointed by Government, their salaries 'wil be paid by the communities over -which they preside. In general Government will appoint the burgomasters, but in the capital and in the more nnportant provincial cities they will be nominated by the Emperor himself. asny persons still entertain a hope that the present municipal laws will be maintained, but such is not vcry likely to be the case, for if they 'were the 'work of reaction would not be complete. During the last year or two the aristocracy has regained a great deal of the influence which it lost by its behaviour during the year 1848, and almost all the principal offices in the State are again filled by persons of ancient name and high rank. There are still some two or three stadtholders 'who are plebeians by birth, but certain rumours ara in circulation 'which induce me to believe that they are not very firm on their legs. Indeed, Prince Lobkowitz is openly spoken of in ecbiety as the probable successor of Dr. Jimminger, theastadtholder of Lower Austria. The Oestereiheische Correspowdenz yesterday evening gave an. official " demeniif' to two statements recently made by the lithographed JCon-respoidance Itoie77e, published at. Turin. The Sardinian :aper learns from Rome that Counts C'olloredo and 1'A3yaevel "'are further than e ver from coming to ; an undeistanding as to the reforms which ought to be- demanded from the Papal Govenment" To this * Ausiain Ministerial organ replies, that "in peincile " thesXe -is a complete understanding beween tes representatives of Austria and France at tiie Ppal Ctourt, The second statement of the <.pro~oindaiiec lt.lienne which has given offence is, "tthat Count BI¢l has no reason to be satisfied 'with the reply received from the Tucan Government to his well-known circular of the 18th of May," o, this insinuation the official Austrian vmj'ter replies, that the answers rec-ived from Tuscaney and the other Italian States "perfectly conform" to the Austrian. circular. The Jltra. pontane party is enraged that the foreign world should speak so unfavourably of the internal state of the countries which are under the sceptre of Ei oliness, and its organs accuse the various foreignl crrespondents of intenltionally nsisrepre-' s- ntin facts. Somce of the Roman papers have even*I deniethat the public roads are insecure, but it is well know in this city that no traveller from the Legations calculate on reaching Rome in safety, unless he has a powerful escort. The Co5rriere Palitao, which is published in this city,has aletter of interest from Urbino, the-capital of the Papal lJegation of the sazne name. The writer tellsalamentable story of the Urbino diligence having been stopped by a bard of robbers when on its way to 'Rome. The bandits obtained posesnon of 55,000 zwanzigers, which belonged either to the Papal or to thleAustrian Government, and of the contents of the portmanteaus and caipet-bags of the frightened passengers. The following two facts- will suffice to prove that things are even worse in the Papal States than is generally supposed. When private persons send moneir by diligence they are obliged to pay two per cent. as insurance "t against accidents," but it is expre.ssly stated by the employes that attacks of bandits are not included anmong the accidents. If any of The inhalbitants of the Legations wish to travel to Rome their passports mu$s be previously -sent to that city. Sometimes the necessary "visa" is given within a week or a fortnight, but if the applicant is "a nobody" he rarely gets back the official document in lgss than a month or, sixc weekss In one respect there-is a striking resemblance be-i tween Russia abd Rome. In both countries the Government would fain make fixtures of the nonprivileged classes. - By official data-we see that the ordinary revenue of Austria is 34,000,000fl. larger at present than it was in 18Z2I and that ivithout any n-ew taxes having been imposed. The trade tax (Erwerb ,Seuer) is 2,700,000/f. more; the incometax, 2,200,000fl.; the octroi (Veriehrhungs Stter.), 1,800,000H;.; the duty on tobacco. 8,000,000R.; and the house-tax, 1,000,000ff. more. Since the postage on letters has been reduced the revenue of the post department has risen from 639,00011. to 3,452,000fl. The customs have fallen since 1852 from 22,317,0006l. to 19,60,(100fl0. Since the end of the year 1855 the building of. some new military establishments has been suspended, and 21,000,000ff. saved in consequence. The reports of the damage done by the violent- hail-storms begin to come in from the provinces. Bohemia has suffered very severely. During the 10th, 17th, and 20th 40 places were more or leas injured. Prince Schwarzenberg had above 200,000 tiles carried away from the roofs of some of his farm-buildings, and miany of the peasants are entirely ruined, their farmhouses, put-' buildings, anderops havingbeei destroyed. Thlequantitv of wheat destroyed in the circle of Saaz, which is one of the most fruitful districts in the province of Bohemia, is said to be enormous. In Bregenz, in Vorarlberg, there was an inmndation on the 20th, but no great damage was done to the houses. The Danube, which a short time since was remarkably low, has risen very suddenly, but without overffowing its banks. The harvest has begun, but the weather is very unsettled, and consequcaitly unfavourable for the agtric lturists. The opinion of persons who are extremely -wel informed on all matters connected with agriculture is, that, taking one province with another, there will be but a, middling harvest in Austria. The capital of the Gallician Railroad Company has been raised from 36,000,000fl. to 40,000,000fl. The subscription has been made thus :-The nobles have taken 16,000,000df. for themselves and the province of Gallicia; the Credit Bank has 5,000,000fl.; the Northern Railroad, 5,000,000ff. ; the house of Rothschild, 3,5110,000 R.; Baron Maurice vonEaber, 3,000,00011.; the bankers Sina and Arnstein and Eskeles, 2,000,000f. The remainider will be divided between the other great banking firms. The report that the Emperor of the French and the Emperor of Austria wiU meet in the course of the next nmonth is again in circulation, but nothing positive is known on the subject. RUSSIA. (FROMI OIIB BERLIN CORRE1S'.0ONMENT.) BEPRLN, Ju.sxE 29. The last accounts from Russia describe the inundations, which I mentionied in my last letter, to be inconsiderable; it is explained, that at this season of the year various streams and lakes in the interior generally o'v'erff ow their bank-s to a-.greater o' less extent, and that although in thlis spring the1 w.aters have been somewfhat more superaboundant thant usual, the inuendations by - no mneans amount to anything like a great calamity. The French Consuls, 'e Comte do Yallot, for St. Petersburg, and M. dlc 3;ivio, for MIoscow, were very brilliantly received by their countrymen on thenr arrival in the former capital. It appears to be the Emperor's wvish to have allthe notabilities of the late wvar around himu at 'his- ap~ preaching coronation; to Gene al MIouravieff he has addressed an antograph, letter, inviting him to come to MIoscow to be pre-cut at the ceremony.- Prince 3Ienschikofi; who has been staying for some time in St. Petersburg, whither lhe wvas sums moned from his summer residence near Moscow by the Grand-Dutke Constantine, is expected to leave there shortly by steamer for Germany; but what the object of the journey is to be I cannot find explained anywhere.- One of the most distinguished authorities in Rvussia on the subject of education, Wyachnechradski, Professor at the Central Institution in St; Petersburg, has been despatched to Germany for the purpose of -acquiring an intimate knowiledge of the systems of instruction pursuled here; he has lately left Berlin, after a carefutl examinaltion of every branch of education; has passed on to Leip.cic, tand w ill proceed thence to the Rlhenish provinces and to Belgium. It lias struck the abstemious Prussians as very e.xtraordinarvto find this Russian scnoolman, the clearness of whlose head and strengsth Of wvhose mind are incontestable, indulging every day in a bottle of raw spirits after dinner; no matter how. excellent the entertainment or how free the potations of wine might have becn, a bottle of arrack, Hollands, or other schnapps was essential tohis comfort, and never apparently produced any diminution of his muental powsers. I have already mentioned in a former letter that one of the earliest arrangements made waith reference to the Emperor of Russia's stay in M oscow during the coronation has been the opening of an offlce thare for the receipt of petitions; how necessary this is may be seen from the results of his late visit to Finland -; the officials, wlhose duty it was to receive, sort, and acknowvledge the receipt of petitions, had only got through a very small portion of those received by the time of their return to St. Petersburg, and numerous bales and chestsfull of petitions havebeen forwarded to the capital since they arrived there. It is not impossible that it may take some eight or ten years, as was the case tuder the Emperor Alexander ., before all the matters here intended to be brought before the Emperor's notice an be settled in any way. eDuring the Emperors recent stay here in Berlin it appears that, though not in his own dominions, hec was pestered woith such nmbers of w ritten requests fo all sorts of favours, that ic subdivided over the period of his stay there would have been one petition f r every quarter of an hour. In Wparsaw orders have been just received to forward to St. Petersburg all the appnlcations that are made by emigrants and fugitives for permission to return to Poland; soat the same time a report iss to- be sent in accompanyinc the petition, and stating the cause of the applicants>' having left the counttry, and thei present position now7. A separate office has been-opened in St. Petersburg, under the superintendence of Councillor Rtchette, to whom all these petitions are to be submitted. It is evident from the above thatthereturn of any eingrant Pole to his owne coantry without his being subjected to any siusequent trial or examniration w,ill be by no means either a certain or speedy -result of his application, in spite of the Emperor's amnesty. peiiosa-eeefrwre totecpta ic ITALY. (rFROM OUiR O'.w contxSPONDnEM.) TUPFIN, Ju1nE 27. The affairs of Parma contimite so veiled in mist, in consequence of the fear which people have there of consigning their thoughts for transmission-to the Post-office, that all which can be asserted with safety at this hour is that the embarrassment is unabated since our last accounts. The sudden resistance of the Duchess to Austrian domination is attributed to the counsel of French Legitimists, and certainly, if tbe advice had s French origin at all, it must have come from "the-Faubourg," for the representative of the French Government has never thought it worth while, any more than the British -Minister, to abandon the agrimens. of Florence for the dullness of a place in a state of siege, and no private Frenchmen were well received at the little Ctourt, except those who incline the head at the sacredname of "HenriV." Thacurning-point-in the Duchess's policy-that -i(rhich brought- her to bay, as it were, and made her recollect that she -had duties to herself, her son, and her subjects, more.] mperative than her- obedience to Austrian precepts -appears to have bee n -when Count - Crennevilleinsisted on the Special Commission prosecuting its inquirie3 sO far back as before the murder of Duke Charles IlI., and examiniing witae.es regarding that crime itself. She then hastily assumed an attitude -of independence, which, from whatever cause it arose, might have been turned to good accoimt by the friends of Italian independence, in the sense of freeing the C-overmment from Austrian tutelage; but the opportunity having been allowed to escape is little-likely to recur, and though * Count Crenneville threatens to withdraw his protec- -lion fromthe PaTin Government no one believes in his doing so, and. at this moment Mlarshal -Radetzky is collecting troops at Cremona and along the line of the Parma frontier. The Duachess, unsupported by the countenance of friends powerful enough to, I protect her from the revenge of her former domineer- ing guardian, wil probably soon be wheedled into a passive state again, and, this unexpected burst of dignity being ovqrj Count Crenneville, or whoever: m3ay supply his place, wiU be warned for the future, against the indiscretion of revivingu recollections thaf had:better be forgotten. The state of brigandage has. now become so intolerable in thelRomagna that certain communeshave determined on petitioningtheBomanGovernment on the subject, but accompanying their petitions with a declaration that Unless the civil power is employedi for the protection of their lives and property they will not pay the Government taxes. The town of Faenza has taken the lead in this movement. In the neighbourhood of that town a famous bandit named Lazzarini has of late been committing the most audacious robberies, which, though often accompanied -with the courtesy that formerly characterized the gentlemen of the road, are not much more highly valued by the terrified inhabitants on that account. - Only the other day he stopped a diligence, and, after taling what appeared most valuable, -allowedit topass on; but on another occasion he captured some wealthy inhabitants of Faeniza, and retained them in durance until they were ransomed by their friends. - Two moat- important lines of railway communication ale said to have been determined on, this last week. The first is for the junction of the Lopibard' with the Piedmontese Railways at the Bridge of Buffaloea, over the Ticino, near Novara. This -was agreed to at Milan by the representatives of the Autstrian and - Sardinian Governments, and the Novara and Turin Railway. Company have already made-an agreement with the contractors for their line, Messrs. Brassey and Co,, for its continuation to the frontier. The -other is for a railway through what is called the Luemagno pass,in the Canton of Ticino, so as to join the' Lakes of Constance and Maggiore by rail, and in fact connect Southern Germany withGenoa by steam commianication. The precise terms on which the latter arrangement has been based- are not quite determined on, I, understand, but it -is said- the Crddit Mdbilier. of Turin, supported by Messrs. Rothschild of Paris, will be the contractors. 'NAP>LES, JuIJSE 26. The political -trialn were resumed . yesterdaywith .the usual attendance of the diplomatic body-that is to say, the American and Prussian :Ministers, the Sardilian Charge d'Affaires, and Attach6s of the Prussian and French Legations. -The interval in the trial has been occupied with taking the evidence of the servi di pena (galley slaves) in: -the Bagni of Procida, and among. other witnessesi for the defence was a man called Greco, who was in; attendance with his guard. He was examined upwards of anhour; but-his evidence did not appear to me to be of much value, as in all he said and unsaid he had evidentlybeen- underthe influence of great fear. As showing the mnode in which evidence is extorted, and the- state of the interior of the prisons of I Naples, the following details may be interesting:Greco, on his arrest, had been shut up in a small chamber for three days with a man condemned to death. At the end of- that time the AttornleyGeneral visited him;, and " induced" him to sign- a deposition very damagig to the prisoners. This he afterwards entirely retracted. But in a letter to the Attorney-General, which was read in court, and not denied, he said " that he had offered valuable testimony to the Government-that if le could not sustain -it in courtb 'ssua -ita era cava."' Indeed he inltimated that his, life had been in danger hen in prison. This 'witness was, in fact, a living proof of, the difficulties which existi in the way of getting at the truth. Many other -witnesses were I examined as to thue character of Antonietta Pace, a lady who in the "atto di accusa?' is described by an opprobrious' epithet. Among-othervwitnesses were examined a Cavaliere Philangieri, a relat*ve of the ox-Vticeroy, and ann advocate, D. I,ibotio Romano. All spoke -in the highest termns of' this; unfortunate womnan, whose principal inheritance wappears to- have been the suspicion and persecution which have long attached to and ruined a iespectable family. Of such families there are many in the kingdom. The odour of Liberalsm clings to them like- the curse of Cainit is never forgotten, and descends fiom generationr to generation. An important witness to the cha-- racter of -Pace, from ILecce, having been desired by the counsel for the defence, the President obiected. to it, oni the ground oI distance, and the AttorneyGeneral declaring that he would renounce the pointas against Pace, the colinsel, of course, declined sending for their witness. I beg to call yonr attention to an important cause now before the civil tribunals of-Naples, illustrating asit strikingly does our public nmorality.- About: six years ago ciied the Prince of Salerno, the unc!e of His Majesty, deeply lamented by his - parasites. and his creditors. To the latter he left debts amounting to about a million of ducats; to- the former regrets that time had not been, permitted to make that one million two. Six years had nearly' sufficed to dry' the tears of the creditors. when an action has been instituted by the family of the deceased to recover the jewels which hlad - been purchased by various persons, and this vrithout compensation. To recover them from the Neapolitans the usual measures of the police have been employedintimidations and threats. As to the foreigners who inspire fear of the intervention of their Minis-' ters, not being able-openly to attack the right of pos-i session, an action has been commenced against thenm, in which the widow of the Prince is maZe to. say that the, jewels were her property, and that she had been robbed of them. Unfortunately, however, it has been proved tbat after the death of tlhe' Prince the widow 'protested against- the portion assigned her, on the ground that the jewels were not mentioned, affirming that the Prince! had pledged - them.- Thus it happens that. the; whole success of ti,e cause must depend on theproof of a. theft committed by -. Such is, the morality of a cause which is now agitatinig' our public tribunals. Two fine-screw steamers, the Elba and the Saircinia, came in yesterday, and have been chartered immediately by Rothschild to load with ,grain. A! trip of 40- hours will take them roumd to Barletta. Together they are calculated to take, O,OOO S,COr- quarters. The Milan is expected to leave daily on1 her homoward route. The-rinPe Castelcicali leftNaples yesterday for Palermo,-- in order to place himself again in leading strines. We are now in the, midst of tho harvest, and, spite of summer storms, a great quantity has been got ini in good order. The crops are both abundart and of a fine quality. With regard to the vintage, the hopes, which had been-high, are now fallen very low indeed,1 as the disease has again made- its appeatance among the vines. The Elba left yesterday for Barletta, aud' -the Sardinia will leaye on Monday for the same, port. SPAIN. Otur accounts from Madrid are of the 25th ult. In' -the Cortes on the- 24th the Minister of- the Interior, aftergiving an account of the disturbances at Va'ladolid, vehemently denounced the getters-up of them, and said, - "There were no expressions sufficiently strong to de,i scribe the conduct of men who, when wealth -was becoming' developed ia the country, rendered it useless by troubling order and menacing all interests." Mfarshal O'Donnell, MIinister of War, on hi; part, said,- ' " The Government lias been accused of being visionary in the view it takes- of the situation of the country. - Bat,4 events-havo not failed to prove that it was not -so. I wilt not indicate the xuthors of the disturbances, the exqesses,, the actsof Tiolence-hich have taken place since the revolu' tion of July, but those events are not isolated or ac6idental.i At Barcelona-there -havo been. disturbances, and what- *aJ the caus of them?- Socialism. At Palenci. and- Buigai; there have been disturbances likewise, and tthey top weracaused by Socialism. At Saragos3a acth of vandls. sreg committed. Thousands of men, armed with muskets,-lasi tened to Palencics, and it was not' assuredly 'to preahlhQ! - Gospel that they wett! AtBarcelonaandzlaencisin6endisr.) publication are circulated, -and what is- their character Socialist. For my pazt, then, I doubt not that the insirl gents are the instruments of the chiefs of the Socialist party, and it is certAin that the movements which take place everywhere are Socialist. At Valladolid men, women, and. children barnt and pillaged, and they did so under the same diHetimn. All this shows that there exists a truth vwhich must bo proclaimed, and that is that subversive iaeas,-previously unknown in Spain.,have become provalent among .the masses, and it is these which lead to terrible con'dcts, sometimes even contrary to the intention of the apostles who preach them. What is now at stake is nob this or that political -flag. but the preservation of family tie3 and proDeriy. The Governmnent will chastiso excesses with a strong hand, and whoevar may be the instigators of them shall be punished, because they are more guilty than ' ths'ewhom they serid into the streets to fight.' The Nacion says that the cry of the- irsurgents was "Death to the rich!" and that, some welldressed persons were seen distributing money to them. The Efpaswa says that many of the insurgents were provided with botIles containing turpentine and other inflammable liquids to set fire to.the hofises. The same journal adds that the woLmds of the Civil Governor, four in number, were so serious tha. it was not possible to remove him from the house to which he was frst conveyed to his own residence. On the 25th the -linister of Public Works announced to the Cortes the departure of his colleague - of the Interior for- Valladolid, adding that tran- quility was completely restored in that city. Palencia waslikewise tranquil, and both toalvs vwere amply supplied - with provisions. At Palencia a courageons citizen, at the head of a few.l?National Gu'ards, resisted the masses advancing so burn --tho manufactories, and saved froma destruction several, important stores. The Government had demanded- the names of those brave ' men, in order to recompense them for the services they had rendered on - the occasion. Tranquillity was also re-established at Rio Seco. The authorities had been able to recover and preserve large quantities of grain that had been stolen, and to Dreventthe commission- of further excesses. The Cabinet had just received a despateh fron'. the CaptainGeneral, stating that, such was the confidence inspired by the Government of Her Majesty and his I'own in the maintenance of order, he no longer -stood in need of the battery of artilery he had ap;plied for at the beginnitng of the disturbances. Orders had consequently been issued to recall the -artillery en 7roue for VraUadolid.
. TUIRKiEY. (FROX OUR oMW COPROETENT.) do . The following appeared in our second ediitcn of iesteraay :-1 CONSTANTINOPLE, Jusx 19. It is not long since that commercial intercourse between two countries wvas guided by the idea that what one country profits by the other must lose by; hence international commerce was a kind of war in peace, full of crafty- devices and ingenious stratagems. A better appreciation of the nature of commerce has exploded this narrow idea, and experience has shown that the surest, and ultimately the greatest, profits are derived when due consideration is paid to the advantages of both parties, and that commerce is not a war, but a combination of miutual interests. This selfish view of the interests of nations, which is fast disappearing from their commercial intercourse, is still the star which gaides them in their political and diplomatic relations. Instead of being satisfied with the legitimateinfluence which is sure to establish itself wherever there are mutual wants and mutual 'interests between two countries; they covet undue advantages, and try to gain a monopoly of interference, which they may, indeed; succeed in doing for a tine, but which is sure to produce a reaction, and usually leads even to the loss of legitimate influence. Nowhere canl you watch the working and resulti of thispolicy with greater accuracy-nowvhere are its phases. more interesting, becase Bo uncertain, than in Turkey. The caus of this scarcely requines explanation; it' arises in part from the nature of the, political movement in the country, and partly froma the exceptional- position which exists in the po]itical relations betwreen Turkey and other colUn tries. The political movement in Turkey-was hitherto not guided by the interests of the majority, but by those of a small.nminority, dependent only upon the wilL of a Sovereign more secluded than any other from the outsidevworld, and consequently more dependent thans any other upon those aroundhim. This circumstance is the key to all the international relations of Turkey. .Its watchword is, " Not measures, but persons," and its engine is backstairs influence.. as long as this principle is followed all foreign- influeiice in Turkey must be detrimental to the coluatiy, for in every question it is not her interest which is consulted, but only the increase or decrease of influence, of one or other Power. It is, moreover, a very precarious advantage to the winner, which he may lo*e in an unguarded moment; Norw that a newv era is to begin for Turkey a new and higher principle ought to be likoewise adoDted in her international relations with Europe. ^ I This principle is that of mutual interest, and its standardbearer ought to be England, for no other conitry lias so many reasois for establishing thii principle. There is scarcely a point on which the interests of TurkeyaudE Egland Come into collision; and no:other coiintry is more interested than Bng,land'in.the development and prosperity of Turkey. England. has no. need of privileges- and exclusive - advantages ;-'on the contrary, the- fieeer the intercourse, - the 'more unlimited the competition, -the surer -is E3ngland to succeed. Turkey has need of capital and industrial enterprise, vhich abound in England. Turlkey has raw produce, which could be increased tenfold, and for which she could find no better market than Englan.d .It is these mutual wants and mutual advantages which, lbelieve me, people in this country are begin. ning to appreciate.- and which ought to guide England's-policy in Turkey. It would by degrees establish that firm- and legitimate influence which seems far preferadble to momentary triumphs, and is entirely independent of the fall of Mlinistries and the disgrace of favourites. E-very step which leads in this direction ought to be therefore hailed vith approbation.- I -wrote to you some- time ago of the numerous proposals of bbnks:wlichX have been given in from all sides, and which- were ninder consideration. The great danger in this case was a half-measure. In a country like Turkey, - where commercial, and financial transactions are in their ' infancy, and where plivate 'enterprise is - timid,.- it is necessary to concentrate:the: fi-st: efforts in this respect, om else they will- lead to nothing; if half-a-dozen credit establishments aTe each of them accommnodated with'a partial privilegc, none of them will be strong enougli to give any help to the developmeit of 'the resources of the country. F±oni what one hears this'3shoal seems-to have-been avoidedli and the Go; vermnen' decided to make arrang-smnnts with. one company alone aud to establish a national banx. Thie question now is only the choice betweeni the coni-, petitors.. ' - - While in-Turkey Proper the question of the banlis stili pending, the Government. of Moldavin has come- to n .understanding with the company of the Zollverein,. which has been in negotiation for.. a M.ortgage Bank for the last six years. At the last moment an Austrian company appeared in the field as competitor, but, as its offers were not more:advant tageous than those of the Zollveiein Co1panyy iepte7 sented by, A. Weslandt, the preference -was given to the latter. The railwav project from Smyrna to Aidin is at a standstill. Before the Ra-mazan everything seemed to -be 'concluded, and, every clause of the firman being granted, an engineer, -who was senjout, went -to the spot and made a survey. But now- -new difficulties have -arisen,, especially. about the privilege to be. ponceded to the company to work the coal mines- f6und near the line, paying only, a - royaly- of 10 per-cent. - iapeak.ng of railway projects, X maust say a-fewi words about Air. Stephenson's project, as far, at any rate, as regards the Asiatic part -of it. The idea is wonderfully popular among the Turks-perh.ps on accouxit of its extraordinary boldness. - Among the countries through_which-it is to run, Meiopotamia ought more- 'especially to attract +he attenition of Europe, as admitting of the greatest development. Up, to -the last few years the government -of Bagdad -was. one fof.- the -umoit tbanklcss ajnd seeusedLonie. of -the mnost hopeless. For the last four yga.rs t@his asbeen-entirely-changed by~ the e c- ertti9uSOf.On e 1U, tt is so> Tere to. find a 'iriFals, lofficial'wvho really does his duty,. -and swho ot1imks of 'h~~is' ncd iicqr6tran of bhis pocket, tfiat *every - -'ne-oFt-hem-hgbt to be knowri. -_Mehmed&Redschid Paszh,thlyepresent <Governor Of BagdAd- is-one. of these -*Formierly Grand Master of Artillery he made. liimxself most objectionableby his economy andstrict | Tigilance in money matters. He was in consequence of this removed four years ago to Bagdad. This province, exposed as it is to.the incursions of the Arabs under Persian rule, and to the migrations of the Arabs of the Great Desert, is, as of old, in charge of a Governor-who unites civil and military power, and enjoys a greater independence in the administration of his pashalic than any other Governor. This position, of great advantage in the hands of an energetic man, became a source of ruin under a succession of incapable and dishonestj officials, so that -when Mlehmed Redschid Pasha ar- i rivedhe found everything in decay. The revenue had fallen off to- 1,000,000 piastres, the country was infested on all sides by the incursions of the Persian Arabs, all the silk maniuactures, which had formed one of the chief sources of prosperity, were fast falling off,- and every year the desert was encroaching on the cultivated ground. Ali this he has succeeded in remedying in four years. The Arabs are kept within their bounds, the revenue has more than doubled, and Bagdad, which had previously been obliged to import silk manufactures from Aleppo and Persia, is now beginning to supply the border countries with tissues of an exquisite taste. It is such men that Turkey requires; unfortunately there are very few who canl wean -theraselves from the delights of Stamboul and the- Bosphorus, and they consider all offices in the provinces, however honourable, only as a temporary exile, and endeavour to get back to their lost Paradise. Lord Gough, on his return from the Crimea, was introdluced to the Sultai, by the Ambassador on Monday last, and left, with General Barnard, the day before yesterday, in the Banshee. Redschid Pasha left, as be intended, on Monday -last, for Egypt. The, day before he left 1,500 per- sons came to take leave of him. The Scots Grays, one squadron of the 11th Tussars, and 25 horses of the Ring's Dragoon Guards, embarked-to-day on hoard theOrinoco, and will leave at 2 a.m. to-morroLW. They were to have ieft today at 6 p.m., but the Sea of M-armora and the Dardanelles are so full of ships that it was thought advisable not to start before daylight. The-re are only the King's Dragoon Guards remaining of all t.he cavaLy at Scutari; the German Legion at Kululee, the infantry depot, and some artillery. There was some disturbance among the t'olish Legion at Tchekmedji, owing, it is said, to an unwillingnesa of the soldiers to enter the Turkish service. Generals Storks and Zamoyski went down and settled the affair. I could not get the particulars. This morning the 41st and 49th arrived here. Several of the mnen-of-war sent out to fetch troops have arrived, among them the Colossus, James Watt, and. Extuoath. The James Watt has broken her machinery, and wil have to be towed home.
BAILW-A Y XNTELLGEA'qE. WEST LONDON. It appears that the litigation between this company and tab London and North-Western Railway Company has been brought to a close by the award of idr. B:awkshaw.. The terms are stated -to be that a rental of l,SOOI. - per annum from the date of the award is to be paid for the above line bythe London and North-Westera Railway Company to the West London Railway Comp any. The damages in the astions brought by the West l,ndon Railway Company against the London and North-Western Railway Company forbreaches of the covenants iinthe lease are fixedat2,8201. less 4451. 16s. 2d. already paid. The damnages since the commencement of the actions are stated at 1,6001. The share of tolls, up to the comamencement of the rental, amnounts to 1461. Os. 3d. It is understood that a consider. able portivn of the costs incurred by the West London Rallway Company in the litigation and arbitration is to be paid bythe London and North-Western Company. GREAT NORTHERN. A special meeting of this company was held yesterday at tho railway station, Ring's-cross, to consider a biUl for extending the time limite4 for certain prcses by the acts i e- lating to the Metropolitan Railway, and to enable the latter company to form a jotntion with the Great Northern Railway; 3r. ID. Denison, ALP., in the chair. M or. Mo%VTr, the secretary, having read the advertisement convening the meatLing, The CssArissc explained that the object of the meeting was to ask them to express either their approval or disapproval of afbill, in compliance with the standing orders of the Housso of Lords, promoted by the Metropolitan Railway Company. The object of the bill was to extend the time for the purchase- of land, and to enable-the Metropolitan Railway Company-to form ajonction with the Great Northern' Railway. - This -when comipleted, would give them an en-. tensioir to the General Post-office. The hill would enable the Great Northern Company to become shareholders in the Metropolitan Railway to the extent of 175,0001. if they thought it desir.able. .The powers were permissive, and could not be exercised without the sanction-of the shareholders at a futurenmeeting, which msust be speciaUy convened for the purpose. Ths bill did not bind them to subscribe any money, but it enabled them or their successors to subscribe to the extent mentioned,.if the shareholders at a future period should wish to do so. The directors had not expressed an opinion on the subject, but felt it their duty to submit the question to the shareholders. Unless they sanctioned the present bill they would not be able to subscribe, without ohta'uningthe authof.ty of. Parliament in a future sessioD. The directors thought it desirable that the company should have the powver to 'subscribe, should the shareholdors so determine. 1e concluded by moving a formal resolution approvingP the bill hlr. PACI3x seconded rhe motion. In reply to 9uestions from-Mr. Hughes and other shareh .Iders, it w.-as stated that the MNetropolitan line would be on the msixed gauge; the Great Western were anxious for its ConstruPtiOn-; and that it -was proposed to commence the worksatthe Post-offlce end of the iine. The terms and conditions upon which the money would be subscribed would ae an after c-o sideration for the shareholders. The resolution was then put and carried, there being only one dissentient. MIr. HSUOHEs objected to the insertion in the proxies sent to the shareholders of the names of the chairman and deputychairman, which, he said, had the effect of placing a large majority in the hands of the -directors. IRe hoped they would be issued iu blank in future, leaving the shareholfei s to pntin any name they pleased. The CRnAiRc.4 explained that the names were inserted in the proxies solely with a view to save trouble and to pro vent them being sent without any name at all. The shareholders, were instructed to strike out the names of the chaiiman and deputy-chairman and insert any other name. He .-oncluded by stating that the, board would attendf to tho suggestion. - A vote of thanks to the chairman and directors concluded the proceedings. WILTS,- SO)ERSET, AND WEYMIOUTH. The Salisbury and Warminster branch ofthis railway was opened for goods aud passenger traffic on Mondly. The length of the line is. about 23 miles, and -there nre seven intermediate stations on it-namely, at Wilton, Wishford, Tangford, Wiley, Codford,. St. Peter, and Heytesbury. TRAYFIC RETURNS. Miles Pas- Mer- TotaL Tot,l RailwayI open. seners ecandise. 1856, I1S6. Week-ending JunelI6. lrortbern or y,ace - 17,973 20,122 35,095 3 i 05 'Veek ending June 2S. Glasgow and South-Nyosta - - .. 6,10S .. 6.287 Wee' ending June 29. - North London . . .. 9 2.545 2.252 Kendal and Windermere .. - -- 267 - 250
STATE OF TRADE. hIA2)CHESTER, JULY L The market for cloth and yarn continues to exhibit evidainces of imuprovement, and higher prices are asked by ManufaOturersani-d spinners. In cloth the chief improvement is. in the home trade, which has bcen favourably affected by the fine weather and the greater plentifulness of nmoney. Provisioinis are high, bat the working classes are well employed tluhoughout the country, and all classes are in a state of comfort andpTosperity which is encouraging to trade. Atthe sametinhe, the accountsjust come tohand fromIndia, althougb not very good, are sufficiently encouragieg to have helped in strengthening the market. Manufacturers are asking fully LAd. per piece for shirtings,. and most other dinds of'cloth in demand, above the lowest rates ruling last week, and thisappears to have been the only check to businessthis morning, as sellers could have commanded alm3ost any amount of trade at last rates. Froin China the news is not so good as wais hoped for, teD rebellion having struck a line across the-tea country, and prevented the people from bringing their produce to maYket. In yarns therehas beeu a good denauid from all quarters, and especially for koops for manufacturers, which have sold at extreme rates. A very general demand has alsq been experienced from buyers for forclg&market3. including: ndia, the lMediterranean, and tfiecontirent. Theadvauce obtained may be estinmated at about ld..pertpound "all round," as the market, phrase goes. The principal business; however, has been in the hoonc trade.- Messrs, John Slagg and Co. report :-" The improvement noticed inu'our itst report was maintained througlhout the -week, and a largd and very general business was done at grauAlly hardening prices. Yesterday and to-d&y the deinind has continued, and a large business ceuld be done at the prics current at the close of the week, but this is to a ConX)derableextent checied by the advance generally -slked to-day:'" Aleser& George Fraser, Son, and Co., report:-" There his-been:astiffimarket to-day, aLd some kinds of yarns are ud per pound dearer. India numbers are doUl." LEEDS, JIPLY I. The woollen cloth-market h3as been tolerably steady this: cnorxiing, and a fair amount - of business has been done iin cloths - fq7 tbe fall trade, includingcsome strong plaLin black cloths, as well as heavy tweeds and mixtures. ! - The following_is the report of the woollen-market at Haudersflela. to-dayc-" There has been an avenge atteunhnce of buyers, principally froin London and Glasgow but the salee effected have not been very extensive. The demand is for black doeskins and other plain goods, and Scotch checkL Thi wool-market i quiet." The oolouial wo6l ales in lodon are- fied to commeence otr Thursday.- the 17th inst' ' The quantlity'that Will be offered-for sale is expeted to reach newrly 70,000 bales,
MON EY-MAIt ri ! a,.d cWrYfyw J lG Toe dyJivecirg. The quotation of- gold at Pais is about 2 }p mille prellautw, and she short exchange on Lo-a don is 25.32k per 1l. sterling. On comparing these rates with tah-Engliah Mint price of IS,1 10 per ounce ior standard gold, it appears that gjlfd about 4-lOths per cent. de-rer in Loadoh tha in Paris. By advice from 1amburg the pAMce Of goidIA 423 per mark, and the short exchange Cn Londin is 13.41; Etandard gold, at the English Idint price, is therefore rathermore than 2-0ths per cent. decier in London thau in Hamburg. The course of exchange t New York on London for bills at 60 days' tsight is 109- I.er oehii, Whih, as compared with the Mint par be:tweentfie two countries, shows tohat the exchange isightlyin favour of England; and, after .aking saeowanc for sha^ges of tranlsport anid difference of intereit, thac present rate leaves a trfing proffI on :tlus imnportation of rold from the Unite Sta;tes.. .- The Eag,lish funds opened this morning at .the closing prices of yesterday, and afte.r some min;6r fluctuations closed at an improvement of an eighth. with a firn appearance. Consols were first auotead 95- to i ; subsequently there were alternately buyers and sellers at -95, and the final price wAs 95- to . The transactions of the day wera noti jtportant. Bank Stock left off at 21 to 218; Reduced,. 95~ to s.; New Thnree per Cents, 9IZ ±o-j; CJonsol Scrip, 4 to i premium; Ann-aities, 30 years, 18; Ex;chequer-bonds, 99X-; and India-bonds. and 'Exchequer-bills, 12s. tv 15s. premium. The discount-market has been v,well supplied t>. day at rates, in some cases, a-half per cent. beloar those of the Bank. In the foreign stock-market there was diminished activity, and prices generally exhibited a slight reaction, consequent upon a partial cessation of sppculative operations. Turkish Six per Cents, for the account were negotiated at 10l, S, 106, and 1I7T, and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, for money,. at 106i, and for the account at 1OB! to J. In Mexican the bargains were at 101X1; the Four-and-2AHalf per Cents., New, 9S, tlhe Five per Cents;, lfew, 1011-, Buenos Ayres, for account, 84 ; Ecuador New Consolidated, 1Ai; Granada Deferred, 7* and j; Peruvian, for account, 82 and S21; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 94; Sardinian Fite per Cents., 92k;. Spanish Cer[alicates,6_ andacl; Dutch Four per. Cent. Certificates, 97;-; and Peru-vian Dollar Bonds, 58 and 57k. in the foreign exchanges this afternoon t!ere ws no alteration of importance from the rates of last post. The Paris Boirze to-day has been unfavourabTy influenced by the settlement of the monthly account, and the closing quotation of the Three per Cents, was 70f. 90c., showing a fall of one per cent. The prospectus has been itssued oi a new Indian railway, to be caled the Eastern Bengal Railway CBompany, with a capital of 1,000,00i)l., in 201. shares. It is to run from Calcutta through the densely-populated and rich delta of the Ganges to Jessore, a distance of aboo.t 80 miles, where a communication will be formted with a navigable branch of the river, which will avert the necessity for the intricate and tedious navigation of the Soonderbunds. ThUtimately an extension is contemplatid to Furreedporej on the right bank of the Gangas, and then to the city of Dacca, the whole of whicb, it is estimated, can be accomplished for an additionial 500,0001. The country is a dead level, and, tfie military engineers having reported very favourably of its suitableness for a railway, the Government of India have intimated that upon satisfactory surveys and estimates being presented they will recommend the India House to grant a concession for it on the same terms as in previous cases. A competent staff will therefore be immediately despatched to complete the necessary details. In its commercial results the undertaking promises to be of the greatest importance, from- its connexion not only with the Ganges, but the vast and productive provinces drained by the Burham,pooter. The shipping returms of the Board of Trade for the month of tIny have just been issued, and show a steady increase in the employment of British ts nnage. A fallinc off -which hastaken place in.the arrivals is exclusively confined to foreign vessels. Subjoined are the general figures:- - Entered inward *- With regard to the coasting trade, the tonnage entered inward was 1,126,388 in the month of Iay, 385t; in 1855 it wras 1,078,467; and in the present return it is 1,064101, including 17 foreign vessels, of an aggregate burden of 2,196 tons. The cleiranoes outward lwere 1,269,233 in May, 18iM; 1,17G,022 in 1S55; and 1,191,860, including 1,016 tons of foreign, in 1856. At a meeting of the London Dock Company, hela to-day, the dividend declared was at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, free of income-tax; anid tle report was unanimously adopted. It was ststed that the business of the company was well supported, although the present wiasthe least favoiurable half-year. The irnportant work;s connected With te newr entrance and basin at Shadwell are making satisfactory progress. Annexed is an abstract of the report:- " sThe director3 have to present a report Of the comnpany's proceedings for the half-year ending the 3Ist of May, *The number of loaded ships from foreign ports wvhichl entered the London Docls during the six months ending the 31st of May last was 524, measuring 206,212 tons. -The numiber forthe corresponding period in 1855 -as 447, measaring 1l8,214 tons. '- The amoant of earnings durinn the six months ending the 31st of May last has been 260,262l. Is. Sc. "Theamount of the like earnings durinthe correspondingperiod in 1S.55 was 243,46C1. 13s. 3d. T The amount of the expenditure during the six raonths ending the 31st of May has been 166,5771. 10s. lid. "- The amount of the like exoenditure for the cor re.ponding period in 1855 was 149,4001 13g. 7d. *The amount of the expenditure includes the payment of the income-tax. " By the statement of the accounts for the half-year now laid before the meeting it will be seen that the balance standing at the credit of profit and loss is... £247,52 15. G Oat of which the directors recommend the - payment of a dividend o 21. 10s. per cen. on the company's stock for the half-year, amounting to ... 93,709 0 0 Which will leave a balarnce in favour of tho company of. ... . ... ... 153,873 15 6 "Of the balance standing At tho credit of profit alid loss the sum of 203,5151. O.. lid. consists of the amount of oitslanding charges due to the company on goods in the warehouses. "- The stock of goods in the warehouses on the .;st oE May last was 98,535 tons. "At the same time last year it was 107,625 tons. "The works at the additional entrance and basin at Shadwell are advancing very satisfactorily, the first st' ne of the outer lock having been laid on the 26th -lt., being the 54th anniversary of the laying the first stone in the coastruction of the London Docks. The act authorizing the furthersum of 200,0001. to be raised for completinigthe works in question received the Royal assent on the 20th t f April last." The weekly reviews from the Amsterstan anld Rotterdam produce-markets Etate that, althlough business was limited, prices continued to be well supported. The operations in coffee were only for immediate consumption, but quotations ihowed a slight tendenlcy to advance. Sugar, Taw andl refined, was without alteration. Rice was less active, the speeulators having sulspended purchases.,etter from Roueon mention that the market for manjafactures was steady, and that the favourable change -i the. weather had impart4o confidence- The advices from California received yesterday describe the prevalence of extraordinaay exciteinent in consequence of the maurder of a Mr. King, wlhich had led to the revival of the Vigilance Committee, who had now assumed the entire power of goverrment. :Mr. King was an editor, and was sho; in the stceet by a man whoma he bad accueed of beig a con'vict, and one of a gang of gamblers who Jaa!e lately eXited general terror,- and have es;pea. owing to their power of controlling the city -aections. After the occurrence some of the old Vigi lance Committee of 1851 called a meeting, and !heir nmrners were SooT increased to about 4,000, 'oasUting of merchants, tradesmen, lawyeri and otltersa, mostly -men of reputation and some Stanbdig; 2500 of this body, believing that the iiurd'erer would be allowed by the authoritiei to esape, surro-uded the gaol and demanded thi he = 50fiou be gitv*-up to them. toeth ers withl auoAc
TBADE BEPORT. Tuesday Eveniag. SrGAP..-The market at the opening appeared to he quiet, but as the day advanced there was evidently a firmer tone, and the whole of 6,842 bags of Mlauritius put up at auction were disposed of at fall rates, particularly for the grainy sorts, which were rather dearer than last week-viz., good and fine brownu, 42s. to 44s.; l ow to good yellow, 44s. to 46s,; crystallized, good bright yellow, 47s. Ed. to 48s. 6d..; 1,057 bags of Penang brought 42s. 6d. to 44s. 6d. There is good deal doig in the West India market, and 1,504 blids. have been sold. The private business since the close ef last week has been limited to one cargo of white Havannah. 7C0 boxes at 43s. per cwt., and 400 tons of native Madras afloat at 40s. per cvt. On the spot, 300 tons of clayed Manila at 4&s. 9d.; 3,00O bags of Penang, at 42s. 6d. and 45s. Gd. ; and 1,500 bags of Mauritius. CorrxE.-There were no public Eales. Market steady, and a moderate business doing privately. lcEc.-Of 4,222 bags Bengal offered the whole foind buyers at and after sale-low middling wvhite, old crop, Ss. 6d. paer cwt.; middling to fair white, l0s. Gd. to its. 6d.; andc3llam, Os- per cuvt. A cargo of 700 tons Arracan reported sold at lOs. paer owt., which is Gd. to Od. per cwt. anderthe last sale made. SALTPETR.-More inquiry and not much offering for sale. The sales effected since Friday last amount to about 500 bags, at 29s. 3d. to 30s. 6d. for 12i, to 5- per cent. refractlion. CoHEAL-128 bags in auction went off at about previons prices; 184 bags of Honduras silver, 3s. 7d. to 4s. 1d. for small to good ; and 24 bags of Mexican ordinary silver, 3a. 7d. to 3s. 8d. per lb. TA LLow.-The market is firm at 47s. on the spot, and 47s. 9d. to 48s. last three months. LErATr AND Es H Es.-The supply of fresh leather at leadenhall to-day was short, with an active demand for nearly alldeacriptiousof goods at fully late rates. Only few crops have come to hand, and the market is now cleared at jd. perlb. advance, l,ight butts, kips, and skins continue extremely scarce. Offal is also in "cod demand, and a fa inquiry prevails for dressing hides and shaved hides at former prices. In market hides there is no alteration to notice. _
TH, CORY2, TRADE. LrVEROOL. JTrrv 1 Tre a3rriias from Ireland and coastwise during the past week have been quite insigniticant. and from foreign ports we ha-e only received 3,E6E quarters whe3t, 570 quarters barley. 1I,45 quarters beans, 505 quarters peas, 10,80 quarters Indian corn. SS sacks and 10,677 barrels four, The exports in the same time compri33 2,798 quarters wheat. 915 quarters oats, ,25qurters peas, 9, - quarters Indian corn, 3.021 sacks and 3,200 barrels doorr Pine weather having at last set in. with every appearamce of a continuance, our trade baa become ve ryquiet, and pices of all rrticles show a downward tendenc,, as heleers have become less contident and buyers more cautious. At this day's rarket there was a fair attendance of the town and conutry tradei and a moderate consumptive deumand was experienced farvwneatan,dfour at a decline of Id. to 2d. per 70ib, and Is. per barrel on the best descriptions, and 3d. to hLI. per 401b. and 2s. per barrel on Inferior Oat,3. with a slow sale, may be quoted Id. per 4lib. lower; and oatmeal was also easIer to buy. Barley, beans, and peas zero neglected, amd the turn lov,er. indian coru was scarcely inquired for and, whereales were pressed, a reduction of Is. 65d. per quarter bhan to be Ehmitted to. primne yellow and mixed being sold at 2Ss. 6d., and white ISo. per qansterex sin . We quote choice southern white aond red Anreurie wheat i0s. 9d. to 1us. per 701b.,; Canadian and SiEcbigsn white, its. hi. to lOs. OIL; Western and Canadian rod, Ss Ed. to i2Ls per 71db. Prime Southern dloor. lOs. to 37a. up to ISa. per barrel for extra. Canadian and Western e.tra. 3J3, OIL to Ifs. d. Per JaareL LPEDS. Jus.y 1. We have enjoyed extremely fine weather during the past weekr whlch has camused the trade to rie du.' and wheat must be quoted 2s. perqoorterlower than on this day ee'anight. No alteration in the walne of ontcrkilnd3 of grin. A.rVALv .cv Tim iAc wDAY . M-Ti 31usim or OBkNT ART AT M 2OROtGfc-Tous&.-The numbeTs attci,ding, &c., duingthe m6ith of Jaine wele as follows :-7,690 persons on the 7pibEle days, and aad;itted free; 578 pelst.is on the students di-, andd Amitted, as students on the paTmcut of Od. e9cM, bWide. the roji5bred studeniU pf tho c1553 a4d Echo!clz. .
RAILWAY AND MINGS HAES Tuesdsy Evening. 'The railway-market opened at a sligh't decline, oving to a few sales for realization. There was then increased activity, and quotations again took a favourable turn; but, after-being temporarily mainta:ned, renewed symptoma of. heaviness were apparent. Indian shares exhibited firmness, further purchases having been made. The operationsiin French and Belgian were limited. MIiscellaneous shares presented little alteration, and those connected with some of the banks were rather lower. Australian land were, on ;tho average, fairly suppcrted. Ottoman Bank left off 2i to I pm.; Bank of Egypt, 1 to i pm.; National Discount Company, {i'to 112 pm..; Riga Railway, 2gto 4pm.; Pernambuco, 1i to i~ pm.; Lonibardo-Venetman, 62 to;~ pm.; Bank of Switzer3and, i to -@ pmn.; 3uphrates aAley,AtoE pm.; Ceylon, 2Stoipm.; Western of London, 1 pm. * ORDINARY S}~R]S AR] STOCKS.
SO UTH- WESTBRV RAIL W AY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIUES. Sir,-WiU you allow me, througb the medium of your columns, to offer a wardocf advice to the public-ab least, to that portion of it who may intend to run out of towvn on Sunday by the South-Western Railway? My advice is- "Don't;" that is, if you care to return in reasonable time. I bad yesterday occasion to go down to Kingston, and fondly hoped to come back by the iat sup-train, 9 40 p.m. On my arrival at the station I found an inInense crowd of people waitinig, many of whom had been left behind by the two previous trains. The 9 40 train came up quite full, and it was not-until 25 minutes before 12 that a special train was stnt down from London to fetch iLs. Now, Sir, surely this is unpardonable. The officials at Waterloo station knew how many tickets they had issued, that tne trains all the morning and afternoon were crowded and yet no provision was madeD- for the return of the numhers whose money hadbeen unhesitatingly-received. This is the more inexcusable from the fact- that the ingmtn station-master wrote up in the afternoon, reminding the officers at Waterloo station of the immsense number of persons who would he returning at night, and begging that empty carriages might be sent down; but there was no response, nor were his constant tlegraphic messages more heeded. I should therefore dvise pleasure-seekers to avoid this railway on a Sunday, or make arangements for sleeping in the vcuntry. I am, Sir, yours ebldientlv. J. A. . ! vune 30.
: . Wr.TS OF ERBOR. noUS, ~OF LORflS. Jm.-xMO. Th} LANCASHIRE AND YORKSHIE RAILWAY COMPANY V. THE EAST LANCASIRE FRAULWAY COMPANY. !ir; Atherton, Mr. Tomlialon, and Mr. Spinks, appeared for - the plaintiffs in error, and- Mr. H. and 3lr. Henderson for the defendants in error. This vas a writ of error brought to reverse a judgment of the Court of Exchequer Chamber, reversing a judgment of the Court of Exchequer upoi a special verdict in an action of debt, in which the plaintiffs in error were plaintifis, and the defendants in error were- defendants. The action was brought torecover moneysclaimed-bytheyLaintiffl as dueto them from the defendants,- for tolls an duties Payable to7 the plaintiffsfrom the defendants in respect of the passage of steam-engines, truelks, carriages, and waggons of the;defendants, and persons, goods, -hattels, and merchandise ovep the plaintiff's railway. The defendants pleaded pyiant into court of 34Sf. 2s. 9d, and to therestof the j,laintiffla claim, never indebted and payment. It appeared that the railway undertaking of the - defendants originated in a eertcin small line of 14 rdies in length, called the M£anchester, Bury, and Rossendale Railway, which was aftEerwards - increased by-various extensions. -and amalgamations to a length of 72 miile3, and obtainei from Parliament then.a.e of "the East Lancashire Railvay." The undertaking of the plaintiffs was originally kziown as "the Manchester and Leeds Railway," and by various amalgamations with other railway companies, and among others with the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Rail- M ayComn it became entitled and subject to the rihts . s liabiaities' of such railways, and -its name was then changed to "the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company." By eertain agreements made between the promoters of the Manchester, Bu-y, and Rossendale Railway andthe -Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Railway Company before its abovementioned amalgamation, the latter agreed that the tbaffie of the former should pass nver a certain portion- (four miles) of their line at a reduced rate of toll. The case was tried at the Liverpool Summer As3ises in 1849, whenthe substantial questions were-first, upon whab prin'ciple such reduced rate sbould be calculated; secondly, ii hether such reduced rate applied only to traffic from the original Manchester, Bury, and Rossendale Railway, dr waS -plicable to the extended system forming the East Lancashire Railvay; and, if not applicable to such extended sysl ei, then, thirdly, whether-the traffic from such extensions cf-the Manchester. Bury, and Rossendale over such part of the Manchester, Bolton, and BUry Railway was liable to be charged for a distance of six miles, instead of the shorter. distance actually travelled over -such railway, by virtue of the 12th section of the Yth and 10th of Victoria, chap 378. The jury returned a specialverdict, and, to meet all probable - rases, they assessed the amount of damages to which the plaintiffs would be entitled in the six different combinationsor alternatives which might result from the judgment of the Court of Exehejiner. The case was argued in the Court of Exchequer, which Court gave jndgtentthat the Lancashire. afidYgorbshre Company's principle of calculating the. amount of the reduced toll (by which they claimed 436. 145. Ud. more than had been paid into court by the defendants), was not correct; that the reduced toll did not apply to the extended lines of the Manchester, Bury, and. Rossendale. Railway, as contendedlforby the defendants, but. that the six-mile clause was applicable to such extensions. Judgment was then entered for the plaintiffs, with 3S2. lls. 2d. damages. as found by the jury in case of the Court being of the above opinion. A writ of error was brought upon this judgment in the Court of Exchequer Chamber, and that Cour held that the plaintiffs' principle of calculating the reduced rate was not correct, and that the reduced rate applied to the extended lines as well as to the original line. They thus reversed the judgment of the Court of Exchequer, and ordered judgment to he entered for the defendants, according to the fnding of the jury. The plaintiffs in error now sought to reverse the latter judgment. laving beard the plaintifts'counsel and Mr. HLTL only for the defendants. The LFoan CsrAcnOLLR put a question involving the points in the case to the learned Judges, who took time for consideration. TuEsDAY, JULY L THE LANCASHIRE AND YORBSHIRE RAILWAY C031M.ANY V. THE EAST _T-CASMIPE RAILWAY COMPA,iAY. This morning the learned Judges delivered their opinion in this case. and held that the judgment of the Court of Exchequer Chamber, reversing the decision of the Court of Exchequer, ought to be affirmed. - - The LORD CISNCELLOR then moved that the judgment of the Court of Exchequer Chamber should be affirmed. Judgment affirmed accordingly. - TIHE EARL OF SOUNTCASHIELL V. VISCoUNT 0o'NEL,. Mr. Deasy and 3ir. Surrage appeared for the plaintift' in error; and Mr. Napier, Mr. H. Hill, and 3Mr. Coleridge for the defendant in error. This was a writ of error from the Court of Exchequer Chnamber in Ireland, affirming a judgment of the Court of Queen's Bench so far as it was in favour of the defendant, and reversing it so far as it was in favour of the plaintiff, thus giving a general judgment in favour of 1he defendant, in an action of trover brought by the Earl of MIountoashel against the late Viscount 0 NefiU for the conj version of trees. The defendant pleaded the general issee. I The cause came on for trial before the Lord Chief Justice at the sittings aftter Hilary Term, 1852, when a special verdict was found thatthe trees in question had been planted by Charles Henry St. John, Earl O'Neill, in the lifetime of the Earl of Mountcashell'rs father, on lands of which the Earl ef Mounteashell was the reversioner; and that Viscount O'Neill had taken and disposed of the trees ashis own, claiming that he was entitled to do so, under the enactments of the Irish Parliament for the encouragement of the planting of timber in Ireland. Tho 2Sd and 24th Geor-e ILL, chap. 39, entitled " an act to amend the Taw for the encouragernent of planting timber trees in Ireland," enacted that from and after the passing of the act any tenant of lands holding under a lease formoreothan 14 years unexpired or for life or otherwise should be at liberty to cut and dispose of-timber which he had planted upon such lands. The second section provided that any tenant so planting, or causing to be planted,shonld, within 12 calendar months after such planting, lodge withthe clerk of the peace of the county wherein such plantation should be made an affidavit sworn before some justice of the peace in such countv, reciting the number and kind of the trees so planted in a form set coLt. by the act. The 6th section of the act provided that where persons considered themselves injured by means of a fraudulent registry then they niust within 12 months after such register apply to the justices of the peace, which justices were directed in that case to summon a jury to try the validity of such register, and if the, jury should find that the register was fraudulent, then such register should be void. There had been eight plantings of timber on the estate in question by Earl O'eill. On the first occasion the affidavit was made by the Earl O'Neill himself, and the only objection to the defendant's title to that was that in the denomination of the lands mnntioned in the affidavit, although they were all heldunderLordeLountcashel's father, yet it was not stzated that they were held under different lettiogs. In the seven other plantings, made in subsequent years, the affidavits requiredp the statute were made by the agent of the late Earl, instead of by the Earl himself. the right of the defendant to all these plantings was objected to, on the groand that the affidavit required by the statnte musth --emadrveh the teanat himself personally, and that the affidavit of an agent was not in compliance wi th the statute. A further objection to the third planting was made on the ground that the affidavit relating to such planting described two denominations of land-one of which was held uuder another landlord, and that it did not distinguish the number or doscription of trees planted ulpon each different portion of land. In the Court of Queen's Bench judgment was given for the plaintiff as to the first and third planting, and for the late Viscount O'Neill as to the semainder. Both the plaintiff and defendant brought writs of error -upon that judgment, and wvhen the cause came before the Court of Exchequer Chamber that Court affirnmed the decision of the Court of Queen's Bench in so far as it was in favour of the defendant, and reversed it in so far as it was in favour of the plaintiff. The present writ of trror was then brouobt by the plaintiff, praying the House to reverse the decision of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Exchequer Chamiber, except as to the first and third plantings, and that of theb Exchequer Chambher with respect to those two plantings. At the conclusion of the arguments, The LOan CIIANCE :LLOR put certain questions to the learned Judges involving the points in the case. Mr. Baron AvDE SON said that the learned Judges begged toe allo d time to consider their answers. Consideration postponed.
LA i BAPOJ. ROLLS' COUR'T. CnANmcEy-TAir- Tmv1. EDWARD V. WILKDNSON. I (Beforc the. MASTER. of the RoDs.) -The object of this suit was to obtain specdfic perfornance of an agreement for the purehase of certain mines known as th rith Blaen Llechwedd, and the Ffulk y Bwlch M1ines, at Festiniog, in 31erionethshire. The defendant -reaisted carrying out his contract, on the ground that.he had been induced to enter into it by wilfnulisrepreseitation as to the value of the mines, 'which he had now work6d for E year, and found comparatively worthless, instead of so excellent as they were stated, as he alleged, to have been. His IloAous, howerer, held that this was one of the cases in which the rule ca-veat tmpfor held good, unless fraud or misrepresentation was clearx) proved, whioh in. the present mnstance had not been doi '.Dnd th;t therefore. th e defen,dant, wPho hald .aIready acted'- his eatr t for a' year, must be hild to be bour,d by ih~ 3pecif c Aredwo . mug ttherefora be directed ar prayed.* Mbhr. R. Pdlmer, 3Mr. Lloyd, and r., Co)Iin apl?ad in'.
,- VICF CEACELLOR'S COURT. Tu=SA, JULY L .-7 : - I ACGOW-AN vv TlANF --,, -jBSfmw-Fice.G (or Sir LT. UXLDRRSLXd.I-._ The quettioanintbis case was whethe, xer ain nmbmqrandmaconstituted an equitAble a&nment ander these c- cumstsncee-.In 18'Char1eis,mc h emlovyed lobert 'Cook to build l2 houses at.Cleator-moor, Cumesriand, and Cook - lied. t*, the. plaintiffs to supply him with- timber, 'rhich agreed to do upon Cook's givinlg them an order on Sm^ith *orthe p rice of such tinmber, out of mnoney payable. by instalments hjSruith to Cook, who agreed togive the order, and the: plaitiffs agreed to, supply the timber for 120., and a mnemorandum- was eutered into on the 13th :of | Mfarch, 184,: unstmped,. between the pllaintiflfs and. -Cook: and- -mith, but sioed. :by Cookc only, to t.he effect'-that 301. was to-e paid bv Smiith out of the imhount-'due to Cook when Aix- of the houses were,completed as - to joiners' worL-, anid anotber M., .when entirely finished, and, the remlaining 601. in like sums, .-t like.times, when the other six houses were finished. The plaiDtiffi'supplied the timber, the-houses sere finished, and the 1201. was payable; CharlesSmith having paid 60o under thaeorder.of Cook. in July, 1854, Cook applied to the. jilaintiffidor 30. worth of timber, to enablelhim to gPoen. iththe work, which the plaintiffs ag,reed .to, on condition of an erder being given on Smith for payment; -and on the 10th of July the plaintiffs informed Smith of thi. c'rcunstance, and Smith saild he would see Cook noon it, ad get an brdefrfrom him; aud.the plaintifib'- c aseis that he did, so, but that Smithietained it in his possession, and that they had no copy of it Thoy,lh6wdver, supplied theremainder of - tbe tiniber:upon the faith of the statement made by Smith that hb had obtained the order from. Cook, whic'it was alleged, he afterwards denied, and the plaintiffs contended that if surch denial were true, as between them and, him, he -was bound to make good such repre*entation. I Cook assigned all his property. to- oneCDalzell, and was out of the jurisdiction, and tha plaintiffs nov sought a decla. ;ration that, under the two orders signed by Cookl,they were entitled to an effectual charge& by-way of tquitable assignr mnent of so much of 'he debt due by-Smnith upon the contract with Cook as should be sufficient to pay' thetwo sunsof 601. and 301., and, if no such second order was given, that Cook ALSnd Smith might make good their representation and pay the Ml0. - ; Mr. Glasse and Mr. Shebbearo appearedcfortheplaintiffs - -Mr. 'F. Nalder for Dalzell;Mr. Baily anl MH. eng n Zfor the defendants. The VIOE-CHA7CELtO said that this was but a.trivial zatter in amount, but it -apiarede to him to involve ques- tiona of considerable- imporutauee.- His Honour then re- ferred to the facts, and -observed that, although there was some discrepancy between the terms of the document said to constitute an equitable assignmunt as stated in the bill ind in fhe answer, yet that it was substantially the same, and there wa£s, in fact, an admission in the auswverthat it ' was signed by Cook, and, that being so, it was unnecassary to preduce it, aithosnb, had it been produced, having no stamp, it must have heen rejected, although a stamp suffl- ceat to make it valid as an equitable assigsnment (although it. ought properly to have a stamp as a promissory note) would be sufficient for that purpose Then came the question as to what sight it conferred upon the plaintiffs. His Honour thought, as between Smith ind the plaintiffs, it operated as an equitable assignment, although in the form of an order, and it did iot follow that it should receive Smith's sanction, for if he 'owed :money to Cook, and Cook executed an instrument which operated as an equitable assignment to another per' son, and that ns communicated to Smith, although no e ~ction at law would lie, there wvas this distinction between co0urts of lawv and courts of equity-that the debtor mufst i consent at lawv, which amuouitdd to an aalsemprit, but that was not necessary in equity. The terms of the instrument were precise enough, and it was said that Smith, by making two payments under 'it, did consent, but these appeared to have been made uderspecial requests by letter from Cook, and therefore did not constitute an adoption of it. By these payments two of the sums- of 301. were satisfied, and two remained unsatisfied, and it was clear that each part of the work might be paid for.separately; but it wFas questionable, on the affidavits, how far the worl was completed, and how far the plaintiffs in Cook's place would be entitled to recover; but his Honour thought they were entitled to an inquiry- whether, without regard to any payinmnt made by Smith to Cook himself, Cook'would be now entitled to recover from Smith any money in res;ect of joiners' work. i
CO'URT OF QUEEN'S BENCH. GuiDnA&r. JuLY 1. TSIBORNE V. ATATfWcK:. (SiUting$ at .AS, ?rius, befor-c Lard Cm7BELL anzd Spccial Jttrics.) Mr. Edwin James, Q.Q, and Mr. llvward appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Watson, Q.C., and Mr. Manisty fcr the defendant. The plaintiff, Thomas Masters Usborne, was a corn merchantin London, andhe sued the defendant, Johnadocks, a shipowier at Hayerfordwest; to recover the value of a cagoof wheat lost at the entrance to Tralee Bay, oin the 12th of March, 1S55, by reason of the alleged negligence of the master. Itappearedthat onthe 2Sth of February the plaintiff's agent at Cork -had put a cargo -of wheat on board the schooner Perseverance, belonging to the deFendant, to be carried to Tralee. The vesrsel arrived early. on the morning of the 12th of March opposite the entrance of Tralee Ray, but in endeavourin.g to make for the bay it went on the rocks, where, as it was blowing a gale of wind at the time, it was soon dashed in pieces, and nearly all the cargo lost. Evidence was given to show that if the master had known where he was and what he was about it would have been perfectly easy for him, the wind being W.T.W., to take the vessel straight into the harbour; but it was stated by several witnesses that the master had admitted that he had mistaken Ballyheigh Bay-for Tralee Bay, and that this mistake led to thk accident. Mr. WATsoS, for the defendant, said his defence was, that the accident arose from the perils df the sea, without any blame resting on the master; and he called several witnesses, including the master andmate, in sunpport of this defence. They stated that it had blow;n a gale of wind aU aight, which iduced the master to heave to. Early in the morning the master dropped beth anchors. but as the vessel still drifteji, the cables were slipped. The morning wvas very misty, with thick showvers, and this rendered-it tinpossibie for the master to k now where he was. At length, driven before the gale, the vessel struck on the rocks, and the master's son, a boy of 14, was washed overboard. The next wave, however, brought him back to his father, who caught him by the hair, and so saved him. The master and crew were al saved, and a portion of the cargo. The master now denied thati he had mistaken Esllyheigh Bay for Tralee Ray, and he said he did not recollect that he had ever said so. Lord CAPsnELL, in summing up the evidence, said the question was whether the cargo was lost by the negligence of the master. It seemed clear from the evidence that he had mistak1en the one bay for the other; but that mistake might have been made witbout rendering the owners liable. The question was whether that mistake arose from the thickness of 'he weather or from the negligence of the master. The master was an experienced man ;he had been 25 years a master; hut, as a gale of wind had been blowing all night, and it wfas very thick, the jury wvould say whether the accident w as not owzing to the state of thec weather. The jury found that the master had made a mistake, but there had been no negligence. Verdict for the defendant. (Beforc a Coo,mnon Jury.) FQNNELL V. r5CHER c AUND CO. Mr. M. Chambers, Q.C., and Mr. T. Chitty, appeared for the plain'tiff; and Mtr. Edwvin James, Q.C., for the defendants. The plaintiff in this action was a dealer in marine stores and he sued the defendants, Messrs. Fletcher and Co., shipbtuilders, at Mlillwall, Ploplar, to recover damages for an injury sustained by him while standing on the defendant's wharf on the 7th of January last. The defendants pleaded, first, the general issue; se-ond, that the plaintiff was mnlawfully on the wharf; and, third, that he had been waned to go away in time for him to have avoided the accident. It appeared from the plaintiff7s statement that he had been in the habit of going on the defendants' wharf topurchase old ship stures from the vessels wvhich came there from timeto time to be repaired; and, though he had often been seen by the defendants, they never forbade him. On the 7th of January last he weent there to see the boatswain of a ship that was coining into one of the docks, having previously agreed with the boatswvain to purchase some old rope. He was standing on the wharf waiting for the ship, when he .aw some men working at a crane on the wharf, and lowering a piece of tunber inito a barge. Presently he heard a cry, " Let go the handle," and before he could get out of the way, one of the two handles of the crane flew off, and struck him ofa the leg. The blow produced a compound fracture of the. leg. He was taken to the London Hospitali and there treated for several weeks, but the wound wvas not even now cured. in order to show nogligence it was stated that the crane in question hadl not this usnal contrivance for imhipping the handle vwhen a wveight was being ranidly lowered; thec onsequence was that, as the timber descended, the handle spun round, and, not being securely fastened, it flew off, and strnckthe plaintiff. Te plaintiff was cross-examinet to show that inllSl. hchad beenconvicted at the Old Bailey of receiving goodsknowingthem to be stolen, and sentenced to one yesssmprieonment. - He was at that .time a colonial broler, and had been convicted of receiving nearly 1001.-wort of coffee; but he said he was innocent, ind both the learned Recorder and his own learned counsel had taken a wrong view of his case. He distinctly denied that he had ever been warned off tle defendants' premises. Mr. Jnss's said his defence was that the plaintiff was unlawfully on the defendants' premises, which was private party, and that he had been warned off by M1r. T. Yletcher, who had also given instructions to the gatekeeper not to let marine store dealers come there without authority. Mr. T. Fletcher said there had been great depredations made on his premises by the marine store dealers, wVho were in the habit of coining to the ships' sides to buy old stores of the captains and sailors; and he recollected about two years ago seeing the plaintiff there and warning him off; He had also given orders to his gatekeeper notto let any one come without a pass. From the evidence of the gatekeeper it did not appear that these orders had been very strictly executed. In fact, from the gatekeeper's evidence, it seemed little use to maka the attempt, for when the marine store dealerswere not admitted by the gate they came in, like the captors of Balbylon, by the rver. The gatekeeper also had, recently had some dealings with The plaintiff on the premises, and had sold him anumber of old bottles from the defendants' cellar, *hich 'his master had told him togetrid of. Witnesses i'ere called wvho proved that the signsl "Take care of the I handle," was given three minutes before it flew off, SD That the plaintiff had plenty of time to get out of the way. It I was stated that the defendants w-ould have compenstd the plaintiff if he had not sent them a lawyr' letter, nd de a very extortidnate demnand. Mr. CHAMBERS, in reply, said be regretted the defendants had brought up the conviction at the Old Bailey, which had nothing to do with the question, and be contended that it was now clearly proved that the plaintiff was there lawfully, and that t-he defendants had been guilty of nesligenco, for which they were answerable. 10rdCABMT, in summing up, said be thought it was cliar upon the evidenlciehat. there wa negligence, for whiah thi defendants would be Iresponsible, provided the piintil- was lawfully en tha ptemise% md ist that particular Pal* where bewas standimg a* the time of the aomiet. The vury found fthe questior i th iiIi. Iord CGat n the tdid th: to eoon_d what miod4 rate damages the plaintiff was :tntitled tO reeover, bewriq;::. in mtnd that the dPfendaui. were sr. perat aly to bbaMe a- ThSe jury wrere Kmbe for sornetime .to ,~ee upon t30:aoesnt, own* th e llrm2erm (or.eosinj~ bi oneor twn ^-.' of teir number. The renult wS teat - w er e Iwek 1: -' laant nbailya tM e found for r he pdhiatiff-Dasnaror , ' ~~EXCOIND COIJBT. -: (Sittjn e p tiff wis aru befor, arA. 3wticC WIGab I&e ini l Commonz .Tu s-i.) -OSGf obssinr v. - ts :- ; r. Screet Shee and Mr. -Kean were cousel for tbo plaintiff, and -)r. Serjee- Parry and r.ll :Brewer for tfh defendat. The plaintiff wa a baer, caryng on business in the.' Curtain-road, and the defendant was a anmmisdon agent mud comn and flour factor, frequentiDg the Corn-Ebchange.- There was momn. dealing btween the plaintiffanddefen.lMl1, he former having purehaed fve mcks of flour of thedefendant, to be paid for on a certain day. Th. fiour waz not delivered at the proper -time,: anl the paintiff wa obliged to pnrchase other flour. The + defendant's four-ring been delivered, -he caelie on tthe plintiff and LaTe him his bilL The paila =r said he wouldsaebinand pay him on the fo ngmirke-t -daay it the Gom-jDxeSng The plaintiff went to k- k lane-acoordingly,bufou 2e defendant had left the rn3 4 ket. The plaintiff then went to Stepney, where the defendant lived, but could not find him; i buk went to a plaso wixere.he thought tbe defendant would call.- He remainef' there till 10 o'clock at night, brt the defendAnt not coming, The-plamntiff weiAt home. The defendant -called on ths plaintiff in A few days, and demainded payet;n * of 154 for the flour. The, plaintiff said -he laa - but .71. in the house, but he <would go round to soin - customers and get the -est, and it was,- agreed -that thej .shoeld wneet at the lowers>. Pot, at 1 oclock. The plaintift' not being able to get the whole of the money, did not ;ach , the-flowerPot till 2 o'cldock, and the defendit hId lift,. On the following day the defendant called- on the plaintifi; who was ill in bed, and the plaintiff's wife told the d!.fendant her husband would meet him on the next msrket-day. .Ypon this the defendant burt out in a great- rege, aund sao i to the wife, " He is a rogue end a; swindler, madam. andl .lhas got my flour under false pretences, madam; bilt IE will eee whether hg will swrindle- me ;,n this manner."' The defendanlt thenr went and fetched ii po5icemant, and said -he wanted to-give a man into custoy for ' fraud, for obtainiing five ss.cls of flour umder f~iise pre- - tencen. The policeman cautionedl him,. but the defend- ' ant persisted,andtheywfent together to tbe plaintifi's home.e Ihe- plaintif then came down stairs, and offered the defendantlZ. 11 s, being all be had in. the house, but the3 defendant maid he wrould-have the -whole or none. T. plaintiff then offiered to let him have his horme for serurii ' - for thbe balnceof 41., hut the wrife ;nSerposed, and said. '-Nzo, if hewron'ttrustyou-with 41., wrhyshouldyoutrust him with your horse?7 but Iwvdl1 give him our gold wAtch." The defendant look the watc;h, and the 111. 7s., and gave a reoeipt, writh a promise to return the w.atch upon the pay. - mont of the 41. There ws a large c rowd of persons out-- .-ide the houe. The pLaint'lff had - since' tendered the 4l., hut the defendant refused to give up the wratch, Baying he had not got it with him. The defendat then sumlmoned. the plointiffin the County'Court for the 4f.,wrhich he paid, but tbe defendant stilll reahined the wratch. 'The preseif action was then brought for slander for the wvords, and trover for the watch.. The defendant pleaded "N~ot (Pilty," and a ju-stification as to' the words, cud aet pOE-. sessed as to the watch. This was the ease proved by the plaintiff and his uvife, b:T a boy in their employ, and a polioexiinn The p-.aintiff hal been insolvent in 1849 and 185L The defendant denied ever having used t+he words, and - declaredthe41. had never been tendered to him, nor had. - any demand boeen mnade of the watzh. The watch was produced in Court by the defendant, and l was ivaluoedat 8f. ' The jury returned a verdict for the plaintift-Damages lol., the w-atch to be given nipto the plaintiff
COURT OF COMMON PL13AS. GUiDDAi. JULY 3. i)uPUIS V. THfF VPRKXT NOIRTH.YM RATLWVAY COSMPANM_ - (Btfoc Mr. JAlWicc WHLES an4 a Spedal Jury.) Mr. Serjeant Byles and MIr. Lush appeared for the plaintifi anrd Mr. Mellor, 4.C., and Mr. Phipson for the defendants. Theaction wasbrought for damages for an injury suntained by the plaintiff, owing to the meghigence of tho sevants of the defendants. From the opening of the learn t seilea-itit appea relthat theplaintif,fwhocaries oa busbn.s with his father, under the farn of Dupuis and Son, ,s Custom-house and general agents, was proceeding to bis cOrnting-house, in St. Dunstan's-hill, aboat 10 o'clock oni the morning ot the 13th of December last, and while pang through the passage leading to the ofice door he teiU over thebole of atrap-door hich had been removed bv the ompsny'sinen for the purpose of shooting some coal, and in falling broke three of his^ribs and otherw ise seriously iujured himself. According to the evidence of Mr. Dupui3, sen., itseemed thathe had arrived at the counting-house abor t '9 o'clock, and while seated there the lautndress came in anti informned him that the men had arrived with some coals, ancl autioned him respectigthe trap awt the foot o' the stairi, upon vhich he suggested that one of the men should .gnerd the hole, and that by way of further security a candle should be placed nPear it, and these precautions bad the de-. sired effect with various persons, -whO were called during the triil to show that in their cases the men had done their iduty, and wiarned them in proper time. The men were engaged durmg the first part of the time_in removing eorte s SMcoals in sacks they had brought with them, and jusb as they had finished depositing some fresh-coals, and were about to sweep the pawage, the plaintiff arrived, and, according to his statement, he Eaw no candle, nor w.inS any warning given him until he was in the act of faling, when he heard one or two voices saying, " Mind the hole, governor." He was then lifted un and taken to the counting-house, where the extent of the injuries he had sufferet vsas ascertained. It was further proved- by the evidence oe the medical attendant that the plaintiff had remained for-L some time confined to his bed suffering intense agony, and iio helpless that he Was obliged to be fed, and could only be raised iu his bed by means of pulleys attached to a mechanical apparatus. It ws also stated that the morning nu ques'tion was an unusually dark one, and that withort a candle in the pge a person coming in would be wholly unable to see the aperture in the floor. Mr. 2IELLdOa on behalf of the defendants, inssted that every possible precaution had been taken by the compauy'5 servants, andthatthe very circumstance offinding a coalca:rt atthe doorwasofitself eufficienttohaverendered theplaiDtiff cautious, especially where the pasage to their counting-: house led over an opening which they knew was constantly being made use of for the purpose of. shooting coale. - The three carmen were then c411ed, but, owing to sonme discrepancy in their testimony, it was not arito clear whether the candle had or had notbeen removed at the time. of the plaintiff's arrival, though they insisted that they called cut to the plaintiff in proper time. The learned JUDGEn summed up, pointing out the variation in thetestimony of the witnesses on both sides, whic_,, he said, was not as contradictory as it sometimes hap?entd to be in cases of that nature. In this instance the rail2wycompany met the case very fairly, and the jury mrst tal e the whole of the evidence into consideration, and see upczx which side there appeared the greatest probabilrty of tr'thl The jury, after a short time, returned a verdict fcr th'e plaintiff-Damages, 50l.'
COURT OF EXCHEQUER, TuESDAY, JrLY L. ROBlBER V. ENGLA3ND. (Sittings at disi.Prius beforc the LoIrD COmFT BinoiT, tit GuildhaU.) uMr. Iatson ani Alr. Xetersdorit appearea tor tee plantiff; Mtr. Overend and Mr. Hawkins were co=-el for hiae defendant. The plaintiff is a Gernan resident in Hanover, and tfis Was an action torecover 4601., the amount of co"'unissicn at the rate of 2A per cent. on the price of eight locomnoti-re engines sold to the Hanoverian. Dkection of RP-ilwais through the instrumentality of the plaintiff. Tbe case, which-occupied a portion of yesterday and to-dr-y, turned upon a4vohauninous correspondencee between thc p.arties and the effect to be given to their own personal testirsiony. The jury ualtimately found a verdict for the plaintiff for the full amount of his claim;, but his l.ordship, on tbe application of the defendant, made an order for 'he Stay vf exiecution. Verdict for the plaintiff for 4601. CUST V. ARMS-ri,1;lOG. Mr. O'Malley and Mr. C. W. Wood were counsel fcr tlia plaitiff; Mr. Quainrepresentedthedefendant. - This aS an action by one co-surety on a bond- for 100l. to recover contribution, the plaintiff having been ca3led Up ra to pay the whole amount on the deiauilt of the m incip.a3. The defendant pleaded his bankruptcy as a defencs to tie action, and the question was whether the plaintiff ccM:i have proved for this demand under the defendanfs bent; ruptey withinthe 178th section of the Bankrupt Censolidstion Act, 12th and 13th Vietorin, chap. NCi, vhich r.ovides that "If any trader shall have before nis na nar-Lpeit' contracted topay money upon a contingency wlinch has n;t. hiqipened, or the demand in respect thereof has not te- n ascertained before his bankruptcy, in every such cas, f1 4Utch liability be not provable under any other clarse of ti o act, such person shall be admitted to claim for Much s i as the Court may think fit, under this section, ..nid aft-E - such contingency shall have happened, and the delnaiid ascertained, he shaU be allowed to -prove and receive avadends as if such contingencyhad happened before the bank ruptcy." Mlr. O'MULEY contended that on the proper ccnstrc.- tion of this section the phLintiff could not lavec prov-& cgainst the estate of the defendant, inasmuch as it appV 'ld to contingencies which might arise on direct contrct'-t te-. tween the plaintiffand defendant. Now, the plaintiff never 3nade any contract with the defendant, but %vith the prircipal. - Mr. QUAIS, on the other hand, rabniitted t'he t he czp-9 did fall within the section, because the liability of th.o plaintiff arose inder the bond, whereby both the surefeS contracted with each other to pay- half of the bond if tbe principal did not do so, and to contribute halr if eithe-r ! them paid the whole. That was therefore a contingentt liabiity within this section, and in support-of hig srra ment he quoted "Ex parte Barwise, in re S.rahan," -.i2 lato Journal, Bankruptcy cases, p. 10. The CuriEE BAsox had no doubt -whatever tcat '2ic ca? e did not fal within the cection alluded to at the b;nr, for 't appeared to pply to contingencies wliich were, so to eneaka on the surface, and might arise on contractb betwreen tl[e iasties rather tha n to obligations created by the tawo as thisl wa. e should therefore diret the jury to iind'a verdict for the plaintiff for the muoiety of principal anld interest-paid by him nnder tho bend;- bet i the deleeda:tt paid the money into oulrt he would give him lca'ee to moe i the ~int n~t for 5~l. is. id. was nbenrjuem A verdic* for the plaintif fo63lsltwa :e.ii entered.: - SORDON v. THE OF5CAL tNIA&GER IP TEE SEA FITrA -. : LIFE - JiraLI COMAwErY. M. IC Qb abers] Mi, *Rbie. were*
COURT of BAYEBUFP2'CY, Ba&i7zghstrcet, JTily 1. N RIE C. J. MARE. Befoe Mr. CommMision-E oILOD.) There wvas 8 meeting of caeditors in this case, with a view to consider a proposal on th3 part of the bankrupt to superredo the lankruptoy, on payment of a composition. Mr. lAnklater appeared fo)r the bankrapt, M\r. Lr.wrance for the assignees, and hlr. WValIer for credi&ors. To superscde und'er such circumstances it is necessary to have the consent of 9-lOths of the creditors present in number-and amount. Mr. I&N7KLAx stated that the bankrupt was willing to may a coa3position of lOs. in the onnd-5s. in the pound down, and the remaining os. in tha form of his orvn pro ;missory note, payable at 12 mouths. Several creditors havnng expressed their dissent, the pro. posal fell t-o the ground. b D RE rHOMS RYDER. he ba pt ws a mercbant of Old Broad-street. His =ccounts commence January 1, 185, with a deficiency of 1,0551., and close April 8, 1856, with the following items _ Dr. :-Unsecured creditors, 17,12il. creditors holilig securities 34,511. ; liabilities. 1 3I4. Cr. :-Consignments haeld by creditors 34,393.;, consign ments available to the estate aftEor paying advnuces, o,8521. ; other property and a>sets aboiut 6001. The domestic and personal expenses are put dowzn at 2,1721., and the unsecured creditors of the nnkrupt include the estates oE the following traders:is. J CBoramwrefl,RsoyalExchange, 5931.; W. W. Crole, The bankrupt passed his examination.
TOLrAM. MARNSIONS-OUSE.-Thomas Smith was brought before the Loam MAYOrS, for final examination, charged with having feloniously assisted a girl (name unknown) in stealing a purse containing two foreign gold coins and some silver, the property of Joseph HIolmuan, a silversmith. The prisoner was defended by Mr. Beard, from the office S V,5uchanan. The prosecutor said,-I was pagsing thb Mansion-house at half-ist 192 o'clock in the morning, and a gi came uP and spo-e to me. I would not speak to her, but she woula not go away, and she took hold of me and pushed me into Chacn,,aglloy. We then went into Abeburch-lane, and she pressed me against the wel, aund I pushed her from me. The prisoner then caue up and took hold of my coat, and said, 'Canyon tell me the way to Cannon-street, city?' I told him I did not know Cannon-street, city, but I knew; Cannon-street, Commercial-road, and as I was answering him the girl ran away. He then said, " All right, I shall find it," and he walL-ed two steps from me and then began to run. Seeing him run I felt in mv trousers pocL-et and missed my purse, and I ran after him and overtook him in Lombard-street, where I seized him and gave him in charge. While I was with the girl in 'Changealley, she coughed as if for the purpose of drawing the attention of somebody, and it was then the prisoner came up and asked me for Cannon-street. Cross-examined by Mr. Beard.-There is a woman at my lodgings, but she is not my servant. I was sober when Igot home. I did not go to the Casino. Policeman 723 said,-I was on duty in Lombard-street at the time stated, and I saw the prisoner rmming, followed by thb prosecutor, who caught him and gave him in charge. The prisoner, upon being taken to the station-house, refused to give his address. Mr. J. B.;Jones, of the firm of Price an& Co., of Lombardstreet, perfumers, said,-On Fiday night I was at my counting-house at about half-past 12 o'clock, and I then went ou tside my door and wvalked down Lombard-street, as far as Messrs. Glyn's. I then saw a man standing by the Phceaix fire-office. I went as far as Pope's Hea-aley, and Ireturned and heard a peculiar cough, and immediately that man moved quickly into Abohuroh-lane, and afterwards a woman came out of the lane into Changealley, and a man ran very quickdy into Birchin-lane, from Nicholas-lane, and dropped his hat and then I heard some other footstep, anl a man came run7nngoutofNicholas-lane, picked up the hat, andturned to the contrary direction to that which he had been running. There were two policemen at the further corner of Birchin-lane, and wvhen the man saw them he returned and slackened his pace. The prosecutor then seized him. Crossexammed.-The officer asked me if the prisoner was the same man I had seen go into the lane when I heard the cough, and I said he was the same man whom I had seen go upDBirchin-'lane and return. The prosecutor was excited, Eut sober. The prisoner said.-All I have to say is that that man (Air. Jones) when asked whether I was the man, said he could not say that I was, and would not go to the station-house. The LORD MAYOR committed the prisoner for trial. MLichael Connor, who had been 13 years in the employment of one of the contractors to the Commissioners of Sewers, wvas fined 11. Ss. for having illegally disposed of some pieces of old sewer iron, the property of the cosnission. Pettyplundesers of the kind must expect to meet withlxeavy punishment upon future convictions. Bow-sTnuxy. -Mr. JARDnscE has received a donation of 5s. (in postage-stamps) for the poor-box, from "F.W. B.," who requests an acknowledgment in %e Times. In the caso of two foreigners, detailed in our impression of Saturday, the name of the foreign law agent and linguist vwho represented the Comte de Guise was " Lawton," not "Law,son," as there stated. WOaSBEP-STRveE.-Benjamin Taylor,x a meat Esalesman, 'was chcarged with an .ssult. A cab proprietor named Drew stated,-While on my road hlome to my premises at Xennington-green last night, I was obliged to leave my cab for a moment while I entered a hairdresser's shop, and on coming out found a wcmanin the vehicle. I told her I could not take her, and that she must get out, and she did so, when the defendant, who was apparently in the woman's company, instantly struck me such a tremendous blow upon my mouth with his fist that my 3 was cut through, one of my teeth was knocked out, I flt perfectly stunned, and was smothered with blood. I wma thoroughly sober, I gave no provocation whatever, and I bleai more or less for 24 hours- .429 N.-I saw the defendant put a womarn into the complainant's cab and close the door. She seemed to try to get out, and the complainant, who came up, told her to do so. Defendant insisted on the woman being taken, but she got out, and the complainant was instantly struci- and bleedmng. He was perfectly sober, used no bad language, and the defendant ran awamy, but was pursued and captured. - Two other witnesses, named Clair and Jacobs, gave precisely the same account of the transaction. Defendant.-.I conceived the cab to be disengaged, and put the lady into it till the driver could bh found. Complainant came out of a shop in a violent rage, and, although the lady instantly alighted, he continued his abuse, and I struck him. IMrs. Emmarnnight.-I am the wife of a carver, and left home with the defendant, who is a friend of ours, to go to mackney; we had to be there in haste, and the defendant proposed that we should ride. I got into the cab, and the complainant came up in a passion and ordered me out. I swear I had not previously tried to get out, nor did I put my band on the door ta try and open it. I most positively swear I did not enter the cab unwillingly. Mfybrother and sister are here, if required, butthey did not see it. I saw the defendant sthike the complainant. -Police-constable recaLed-I saw this witness put her hand on the door two or three times, as if desirous to get out, but the defendant pushed her hand off the door and forced her into the cab. She seemed not to wish to get in. mrs. Knight again denied this; but Air. D'EvmcouxT characterized it as a very bad assault, and fined the defendant 51., penalty and costs, or in default to be imprisoned for two months in the House of Correation. SouTmvHsVRK.-Mr. Bianebi, the medical offcer of the St. Saviour's Board of Works, attended before Mr. A'Bxcz1sa' for his advice under the following circuzistances:- The doctor stated that in his vocation as medical officer of the district he found in Queen Ann's-court, Upper Ground-street, a very close place, inhabited by exceedingly poor people, a whole family, excepting the father, in a high state of typhus fever. He had seen the medical gentlemalrn -,ho attended them, and ascertained ihat their disease was of such a frightful nature as likely to spread among the inhabitants. They wvere in very poor circumstances, and -were offered the union- workhouse, which they refused to enter. Applicant, fearing that the diisease might spread to an alarming extent, offered to convey them to tlso oever Hospital, but that they refused. He therefore wished to know howhe could act in such an urgent occasion. He thought, perhaps, that Sir B Hall's act might give him powrer to remove them under the circumstanes, as fever sand cholera might make a great havoc among the poor in thia locality. Mrr. A'Bscnrr told Mr. Bianchi that there was nothing in the act of Pariiament giving him power to interfere. Surely they could not remove persons from their dwelling without their consent; if so, the liberty of the subject would be much trampled upon by designing persons. Ho via sorry to hear that fever of such an alarming nature vas in the district, and that the sufferers refued to enter the hospital, but he could not help that He should recomemend the parochial authorities to look after them, and render them all the assistance they could to prevent the disease spreading any further. MWr. Bi.anchi thanked his wossisip for his advice, and tsmred himn that it was his only desire to prevent the disease spreading in that close and densely populated neighbourhood. Lumn[ETH.-Mr. Charles Nicholas Wharton, residing at No. 5, Durham-place, Lambeth-road. who was said to be tfihe son of a clergyman, and wJho w;as described in the police sheet as a " gentlilan," 'Wa charged bafore Mr. ElLLror with distutrbing the family of lie-. P,iel,srd Gibbs, a gentlemanrL esiding at Stockwell, by ringing violently at the street door bell wvitisoult lawful excuse. Sergeant Thomas He pburn , 31 P, deposed that in coeseFequanco of oomplaint made by that gentleman he was watching the house of Mr. Gibbs on the night before, and at about 11 o'clock he saw the defendant walkup and ring the door bell, and run away. He (witness) foowed ad stopped him, and on bharging him with the act of rinz-_ lag at the door bell of Mr. Gibbs he did not denv it. - Mr. Gibbs, a gentleman of large property, sai that some3 time ago he took his present house from the late Air. ieremtiah Pilecber, and had since laid out upwards of 2,0001, Uonit, intending to live there in peace and comfort with his 2amnily;hot he burt extremely sorry to say that in thig hop(l he 'was very mush disappointed, fir, during the last monti articalariy, his family and himself bad been subjeectd to the greategt possible aimoyance. Seven times durimE tie month of June had his street door bell beeo. pulled aoet 'violently, between the hours of 11 and 12 o'cloclc, causing the greatest possible alarm to hiniself and the members of his family; and in three instances, as he cculd if n!ecessary prove, the persons who had so rung came out of hr. Filcher's house. Besides this species o' annoyance, he was subjected to others equally liszagreeahle and alarming, and these were shots were Jired and drearms discharged over his house and into his premises, and on one ccasion a large arm of a tree waS shatsred and fell on his premises, and the nuisance having become intolerable he applied to tho police for protection. He' (Mr. Gibbs) was estremely sorry to be obliged to appear in a casae- like the -oresent, and against a member of the family of a gentleman he knew, and who was brother-in. law to the late Mr. Filcher, but he owed it to himself and the peace and comfort of his family to do so; and he felt quite confident that he would receive the support and pro - tection of the ma,istrates, as well as the police, in checking and putting a stop to the serious annoyances to which he had lbeen subected. ?fr. *Wharton, the'father of the defendant, here espressed it to be his belief that hic son had been made a mere cat?s-paw by others in the matt--. The defendant.-I admit that I pulled the bell out of a piece of fun, oralark, andthat it was avery silly thing to do I am ready to confess. h£r. ELIoTT.-Si]ly ! I should think so, indeed, ana one is only surprised that in the present time a person of your ago can'be found guilty of such silly and such mischievous conduct. The offence of which you have been gnilty is one for which the law awards a heavy penalty, and there is only one thing which prevents me from imposing the utmost penalty, and that is that you have acknowledged your fault and made an apology for your conduct. It is, however, necessary to mark my sense of 'he impropriety of your conduct that I should impose a penalty. That penalty is, that you pay 20s. or be imprisoned for 14 days, and I hope that this will have the effect of putting an end to the annoyances to which Mr. Gibbs has been subjected, and that we shaJl hear no more about this bell ringing. Inspector Emmerson observed that ii had been his intention to make an application to his worship (on the subject of these annoyances, but as the Mfessrs. Pilc'her were in court and heard the observations that were made, and the sentence that accompanied them, he did not feel it necessary.
W 7YILLS AND AD Vh'ISTRATIONS BILL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-May I ask for a short space in your valuable columns to lay before the public some features of the case of the practitioners of Doctors'"commons, so seriously prejudiced by this biU ? We are a small profession, unused to arts of agitation, and must rely entirely upon the public and the Legislature for justice to our claims. We ought not to be confounded with the country Ecclesiastical Courts and their abuses. In the reports and evidence of all the Royal Commissions appointed to investi-ate the subject ampl I testimony is borne to the respecta%lity and skill of the practitioners in Doctors.-commons; but observe, Sir, how the bills before Parlament propose to deal with us. The Marriage and Divorce Bill transfers our business under that bead to the solicitors, without giving~ us any compenxsation. The WTills and Administratious Bill mnakes the same transfer, allowing us a compensation of half of that branch of ourpractice, and all that is left to us is the business of the Court of Adumralty, which can never be allowed to remain in the hands of the few practitioners to which our profession wirll then be reduced. It is well known in the legal profession, though the public may not be aware of it, that aUl the proctors' clients, with very trifling excektions, are solicitors. If therefore the whole body of solicitors are to be admitted to practise in our courts, it will be seen at once that our business is destroyed. Our clients will be made our rivals, and our small body of 119 practitioners swamped among some 10,000 solictors. The extent and variety of the present legal studies of the solicitors render it impossible for them to become-proficient in every branch of them. The advantage of the division of labour is recognized by the bar, and should, surely, have some application to solicitors, at least in considering the propriety of adding to their legal studies those of another w hole profession.- We are willing to accept what alterations the Legislatare thinks proper in our courts, practice, and mode of procedure; we only ask to be allowed to retain the business of those courts. We are prepared to move with the times, as instanced in the improvements in our Admiralty Court, and are desirous of availing ourselves of the benefits of printing, viva roce evidence, short pleadings. and other medern improvements in legal procedure. If further knowledge of law or practice arising therefrom, or from any slight alterations of jurisdiction. is necessary, we submit we are as competent to acquire it as the solicitors; we ask but to be allowed to retain the practice we have enjoyed for centuries and not to be compelled to become pensioners on the nation. In your leading article of Monday last on this subject you questioned the propriety of the nation being burdened with the paynent of 160,0001. per annum for compensation to the persons prejudiced by this measure. To this may ba added 80,0001. per annum as salaries for official proctors to performn part of our present duties. That what is now done by proctors should henceforth be done by solicitors is surely no advantage to the nation adequate to the inflicti*n of such burdens on it. If, however, the publc are of a different opinion, I submit that the proctors are entitled to full compensation-viz., to retiring allowances equivalent to their present incomes, and that is the opinion of many of their brethren of the rival profession. All have paid large sums to become proctors, and have devoted their time and energies to the duties of their prof ession. MIany are old men, and nearly all have domestic and other oblgations upon them to be met f rom their professional incomes. I cannot think therefore that, on a candid consideration of their claims, it will be deemed equitable to cut them up by piecemeal, as in proposed in the bils before Parliament-to offer theman allowance of half of a part of their present emoluments and the permission to follow another business. I am. Sir. vour obedient srMvn-t A BROOTOR. Doctors'-commons, Juily 1.
CRYSTAL PALACE.-OSN SIMrG DAY, Tuesday, July 1.-Admissions on payment, 10,387, ditto by season tickets, 730; total visitors, 11,117. SABABB OSBSLRVA. CE.-From a return moved for by the Marquis of Blandford, MLP., it appears that 542 memorials againsi the pablic performance of music on the Lord's-day have bean forwarded through the Home-office, signed by 111,309 persons. The memorialists generally express loyalty and attachment to the Queen's person and Government, set forth tbe obligations which exist for the due religious observance of the Lord's-day, and the evils likely to arise from an opposite course, tending to throw temptationsand obstacles in the way of those who might be disposed to attend Divine worship in the afternoon and evening of that holy day, and they pray that the performar-ce of military bands in the parks may be' discontinued, and that no other measures be adopted having a tendency to " secularize" the Lord's-day. Some of the memorialists go further than this, and oppoSe the opening of Kewgardens on Sunday, while others attack the British Museum, Nationul Gallery, and Crystal Palace, contendg, of course, for the continued exclusion of the public from their unhallowed precincts. Others, more zealous, call attention to "sundry desecrations' of the Lord's-day, among which they include Sunday newspapers, the opening of shops and pubbihouses, the plying of boats on canals and rivers, the running of trais on railroads, and the delivery of letters; they, at the same time, pray Her Majesty "to put a step to the assemblage of the higher classes in their equipages in ths parks (on Sunday), to prevent the opening of the exhibitions, and to adopt other measures for the due observance of the Lord's-day." Others urge Her Majesty to prohibit the sale of al refreshments in tbe Royal parks, in addition to the putting down of public amusements. Some memorialists, in a missionary spirit, pray that "the influence of ambassadors and plenipatentiaries abroad may be exerted for the preservation of the Sabbath." These last only number 46 persons; the opoonents of the opening of the British Museum, Crystal Palaces &c., number 24,913); the denouncers of Sunday equipages, 3.413; the anti-ruralists, or opponents of the opening of Kew' gardens, 9,638; the general protestors against public amusements, 236 ; those who contend against travelling by railway, 380; and the anti-refreshment party, 236. The aggregate body of persons who oppose Sunday newspapers, slops, canal boats, railroads, &c., amounts to 328; and, lastly, one solitary memorialist-qnsito alone in his glorywishes garrison bands to be prohibited. Of the memorials against Sunday bands about 26 emanate from various sects of Scotch lPresbyterians, 7 from public meetings. 2from associations, 2 from the clergy, 28 fr-am the clergy "and others," S8 from the Wcesleyanq. 9from tha Independents, 11 froma the Baptists, 4 from the Congregationalists, 1 from the Priiitive Methodists, 1 from the Nonconformists, 2 from the " Calvinists," 7 from "Protestant Dissenters," 1 from the Countess of Huntingdon's sect, 7 frow Sanday school teachers, 26 from female inhabitants of varioua places, and 311 from miscellareous inhabitants of various places. A memorial from Bedford, as if to leave no stone untured, quo,ws the example of the pious Dusumn, King of Lagos, whc[ ordered a public noticc tc- be written against the beating of drums or any kind of disturbance on Sunday near places of worship.
SHIP NEWS. LIVEMPOO!1% JuLx L Arrve-.-TeGCityof New York, from NewYork-the I;ita, from Santander-the Speedwell, from Dieppe-the Cleopatra, from Charleston-the AEtna, from Portsmouth--the Pearl, from Iceland-tbe B. Jacinden, from Smyroa-the Bra-ganza, from Lisbon. Off the Port.-TheForest Queen, the Free Trade, the James Lumsden, and the Mersey. Sailed.-The Arrow, for Shanghai-the Jane Hludson, for Odessathe W.ashburn, for Malta-the hoei des Anges, for Ghent-the Caledoinal. for Cottsimbo-the Ellia Bonisall, for Charleston-the Atrevida. for Vera Ox-oz-the Princess Altec. for Itotterdem-tlse Aias, for Quebec-the D. B. Eig, for .Ieelanti-tho Solah, for He3vannels-tho D elhi, for calcntta-the Herman, for Bitsor-the 3rary Woe-cell, for Montevideo. LennDox, July 1.-Wind at noon, N.E.; bght bree7e - fine clear weather. BaRSTOn, July 1.-Wndi NE.;, fresh; fine-- nr ,. se Elizabeth, from Sicily-theNorthacx, from Soutbwnr-:aw-i ,iontaguc, fromLiverpool-the Speedwvll. from Carn.urf on-tl. Flors, from Padstew-the Queen, fre-m Hayle-the EDr, from London Sailed, the Regalia. for Aberystivth -the Thomas Plo -i, for Newport-the Dauube, for Aden-the :Dahomey, for _fcs,s-tbe Wynyard, for Carduiff. Fnmreuno , June 29.-Arrived, thboFanny Scrones. from Galatc-the Melledgen. from Leghorn. June 301-Wind, S., fiea-Arrived, the Dukeof Cornwall. from Dublin, acld left for iondonL Sailed, the Cadidade, for lifalta. Boseoae, June 18.-The Echo, hence for Port-au-Fr-nce, put back yesterday, and reports that on the 13th tnst., at midnigbt, she vws m contact vith the & Z., from liverpool for New York, there being a thieck fogat thetime. Tho latter 6bip lost jibboom and reecived other damage. Te Echo had mainmast sprhng, bulwarks iu,d stanchionson pert side stove, lost stern-boat, and had cabin stove, bhit does not leak. The second mate ai d three seamen cf the ship vvro-r left on board the Echo. GRAVESENII, JULY L (BY Sumrcnn_-E Awn Bum-mmt Tx-xeIu.srs] (Prom lIyd'c.) 9 30 sm.-Wmd, N.E.; tide. 3 holr3 flood; fine. Arived.-Tha Pollex, from Healburg-the Vests, from Oporto. Sailed.-The Enterprise, for Barbadoe3-the Invincible, for Hongkong. 1 p.m.-WInd, flN.E.; tide, high water; fne. Arnived.-The Candia, from the Crimea-the WanderigsMinde fromrChristiania-theAlliance, from Guernsey-the Coneordia,from Rtiga-the Gesina and the Mary, ft-m Gottenbhrg-the Zeemeuw, fronm Groingen-tho Cathlerina, freon Gottenburg-the Carron,ffrom Dantaic-the Bronerary, frnm Oderse-the Daniel Simoai andtle Two Gebroedere, fromAalborg-the Glagow, from Uddewalua-th Hope, from Osseken-the Carl Gusta-, from Dantsic-the LouiLsa, from Stettin-the Rokeby, from Memel-the Reindeer, from Thisted, 3 pm.-Wind, RE; tide, 3 hoeru ebb; fine. Arrived.-The Jura, from Balaktlar;-the Mary Ann, from MaemeltheWilliam, from Borlogne-the latilda, from Elage-the Argo, from Gottenburg-tSe Enterprise, frocaRanders -the Two Gebroeders, from Marstrand. 7.30 p.m.-Wind, E.; tide, 1 hour llned; fdae-No arrivals. Salled.-Tho ParisandLondon.foriaris-the.Panther, forBoulo_gu -the Pilate, for Hamburg-the Fernandez, for Lisbon-the Siimrot, for Sydney. Junxz 30. Arrivea-The Flehe, from Glient--the Aice, from Guernsey-tbe Wilhe'mina, frem Nieuitadt--the Georgiana, feom Smyrna-the Mary Ann Boston, from Calw-the Lewis, from S-nyrna-the Geraldine from Guernsey-the Louisa, from Weile-the Providence, from Dun3;irk-heJohanna Christina, from Erelleborg-the Queen of 4fheba, from Tobago-the Mary, from GCuemes-y-the Ehrnony, fromRitgathelPiltrim, from Christiania-tho E.va from Roeigshorg-the Othello, from Rigs-the Geezuster,n from He!singborg-the Vivid, from liarlioges-the Aisen, from Dram, - DEAlT, Jura I. (BY Su Iaa x AISD BsRIris TncGF.rXonj (Fe*om Llo3dse) 9am.-Wind, EN.E.; moderate aidfine. Paased.-The Candia and the Jura, from Batalaava for Woolhvis. Saded.-The Deslandes, for Bathoret-the Challenger, for London. Xoon, -Wind, N.E.; moderate. Bassed.-The Comet, from Paledmo for London- the Daring, from London for Swvasea. 2 p.m.-Wind, KN.E.; light. Passett-The Preston, from Londo:s for the westwvard-the Ann Sarah, from Hartlepool for Malta. Sailed.-The Damblat, for Goree. A Prusslau or Russian steamshnh oet war, in compan y Toith a frigate corvette, and schooner. passed bac5 of the Goodwmn to the v,s,twarjL 7 30 p.m,-Wind, R; moderate. Arrived and Passe-The lnvincible, f.r Hongkeng-the Grabam. for Bombay- both from London-the Lady Seabam, frOm Sunderland for Bordeaus-the 3edinra from Portsnouth for Suncerland, VrSS.gcs SPOgre Woe The Alice, from iverpool for Caiao, June 20, in lat. 47 N., long. 9 W.- The Tying Scud, from Boston forthb Mauritius, May 36, lat.. SS., e-eng. 34. The Antagonist, of Plymouth, for Batavia, June 21, in ist. 43 N., i he Joseph Steel, from Calcutta for Liverpool June 23 The W>arshue, from St. John'3, New Bruisrics c for ]iverpool, name day.- HIGH WATER AT LONDON.B}IDGE THS DAY. 3Lfominz . .30 min. after I1 Alternoen .. 65 m}n. afterI
Th MIURPEna AT SPO2nON.--The inquest respecting the death of Enoch Stcne, who was znurdered on the high road from Derby to Spondon, as already stated, was resumed at the Malt Shovel Soondon, before Mr. HR Mosley, coroner, on Monday. :ITo positive information respectin; the crime was elici'ed, and the in qiry was adjourned til Mondaynext. Yesterday the two irishmen and a, sailor, in custody on suspicion of being concerned in the murder, vwere brought up on remand before Mr. AX losley, at Derby, and discharged, no further evidence having been obtained aginst theus. A woman, named Susan Caroline Williamson, is, however, still detained on tho charge. A ccmmunication hass-been received l'rom the Home-offlice authorising a Government reward of !1OOg., in addition to that offered bg the inahabitants. Sir (3eorge Grey aiso says that he will ad-vise the grant of a frea pardon to any accomplice. :not being actually the murderer, who shall give such information as shall lead to a conviction.
MILITARY AND NA VAL INTBLLIGENCB. The Grenadier Guards (3d battalion) leaded yestorday morning from Her Majesty's ship St. Jcan d'Acre at the Poyal Clarence Victualling-yard, Gosport, and left in special trains at half-past 9 and half-past 10 for Alderslott. The most comfortable arrangements were made by Major-General Breton and Staff (Acting-Assistant-Qaartermaster-General Wright and Deputy-Assistant-Adjutant-General Nelson) for the depaeture of the troops; and Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour and Rear-Admiral Martin and Staffs were aso in attendance. The authorities of. the Clarence-yard provided a comfortable coffee breakfast for each man, and all left in the best health and spirits for the home camp. -The folloming were the officers of the battalion who camne in the St. Jean d'Acrea:-Colonel the Bon. Augus!us F. Foley (in commnand), Lieutenant-Colonels B. Montresor and H. F. Ponsonhjr, Captains C. W. Randolph, S. Burrard, W.-S. Morant, J. D. F. Davie, G. A. Ferguson, and S. A., Earl of Carrick, Lieutenants H. C. E. Malet, L. C1. Wynne, W. D., Viscount Stormont, C. Gascoigne, W. P., Earl of Sefton, Viscount Hood, W. L S. Back, aad E. H. Clive, Surgeon G. E.'Blenkins, Adjutant C. Alexander (Captain), Quartermnaster E. Collins, Assistant-Surgeons Laurence, Bead, and Hamilton. -The men, like their brethren of the Coldstreams, who arrived first, were not all old soldiers, but medals and clasps were very general, and the whole presented a most miartia front. The Babiana steam-transport, No. 160, arrived at Spithead from the East yesterday afternoon. She towed the Egremont to wvithin 28 miles S.E. of Cape St. Vincent on the 21st nit. with four batteries of artillery on board. The Bahiana brought Colonel Wilbraham, of the Staff; Captains the Hon. J. B. J. Dormer, and J. A. Digby and Paymaster Atkinson, of the Grenadier Guards; Lieutenant the Hon. E. IL Legge, of the Coldstream Guards ; Lieutenant H. Jelf-Sharp, of the Scots Fusileer Guards; Lieutenant William Pallisser, of the Rifle Brigade; Lieu. ternants Johnson, E. C. Scott, H. A. de Vismes, AssistantSurgeon Roch, and Veterinary Surgeon Stocldey, of the lloyal Artillery; the Revs. T. A. Crozier, B. Hrris and J. A. Wheeler, Chaplains to the Forces; DeputyCommrisary-Gencral Archer, Engineer Superintendent Purchase; Assistant-Commissary-General Rolleston;-Captain Lucas, of the 47th; Lieutenant Stammers, 47th; Lieutenant Boyce, 82d; Staff-Surgeon Smith; Lieutenant Thwaites, 28th; Lieutenant-Colonel Moorson, Scots Fusileer Guards; Lieutenant Rumbold, ditto; Mr. F. Wilbraham; 118 horses, and 306 men of various regiments. The Andes .nd Chersonese steam-transports (before reported) went into Portsmouth-harbour yesterday to land their troops; the latter had on board the Norfolk ahlitia. The Simla left yesterday for Southampton. Her Majesty's ship Agamemnon, 91, screw two-decker, Captain J._J. Stopford, was officially inspected and her crew mustered on Monday afternoon at Spithead by ViceAdmiral Sir George F. Seymour, KCGB., the Commanderin-Chief, prior to her going into Portsmouth harbour to be paid off. The ship passed a splendid muster, and her captain and executive officers were highly-compliniented by the Commander-in-Chief. She went into harbour yesterday. TThe screw-transport Mauritius, with the 61th, from Gibraltar, arrived yesterday morning at Plymouth, where the regiment wil disembark for garrison duty. The screw steam-sloop Niger, 14, from Spithe^.d, arrived at Plymouth on Sunday, and, having completed coaling, went into the Sound on Monday, preparatory to sailing immediately with a mail for the coast of Africa. The paddlewheel steamvessel Firefly, 4, Captain Henry C. Otter, from Sheerness, arrived at Plymouth on Monday, and went into Hamoazo to coal. She was appointed to sail yesterday with a mail for the Cape of Good Hope. - Letters havo been received at Plymouth from the Monarch, S4t Captain George E. Patey, flag of Rear-Admiral lienry W. Bruce, dated from the Pacific, May 6; officers and crew allwell. The steam-transport Candia, 2,000 tons burden, Captain W. Parfitt, airived at Woolwich yesterday morning, and landed her freight, consisting of the Artillery siege-train from the East. The Candia having been considerably damaged by a collisioi vwith the screw 50-gun frigate Carlo Alberto, in the Black Sea, is to undergo repairs at Wool- wich. Captain Parfitt reports that the aecident occurred| during the night, when the Carlo Alberto, at full speed, and showing insufficient lights aboard, ran across the bows of the Candia., and carried away her bowsprit, figure-head. and cutwater. The War Department at Woolwich Arsenal has received instructions to- forward stores, tobe shipped on board the Armistice, Captain Henry Peace, now lying in St. Katharine's Docks, 1o sail for Colombo. An order has been received at Chatham garrison for the follo,wing officers, belonging to the provisional battalion, to embark at Gravesend on Saturday in the Octavia for Calcutta, for the purpose of joining the head-quarters of their respective regiments in India, viz. :-35th (Royal %rasex) Regiment-Lieutenant W. H. BaBingall, Ideur- -i-i W. W. Sherlock, Lieutenant R. Trimen, Ensign '-. ttar ons, and Ensign R. H. Ross. 52d Light Infan-ry-LIntcenautColonel B. G. Hughes, Lieutenant B. W. Ellis, Ensign J. H. Bradshaw, and Ensign H. R. Beattie. 53d Regiment-- Ensigr Miller, Ensign F. J. S. Brockhurst, Ensign J. C. Ssny' ;.D. Brnsign T. Tavil. 60th Royal Rifles, 1st Battalion-Elnsign T. 0. Young, Ensign P4 F. Jennings, rnsign W. H. Napier, and Ensign W. G. Turle. The following detachment, from the depot of the Indian regiments at Chatham barracks will also embark on Saturday in the Octavia :-3Sth Regiment, 74 men of all ranks; 52d Light Infantry, 55 men; 53d RBjginent, 11 men ; 60th Rifles, 58 men, giving a total of 198 non-commissioned officers and men. A detachment of non-commissioned officers and men who have lately returned from the Crisnea, to the number of 120, belonging to the 7th Royal Fusileers, 46tli Regiment, and other corps serving in the East, arrived at Chatham on M Monday from 'Winchester, under the command of Lieutenant H. N. C. Thurston, 7th Fusileers. - On Sunday might the steam-transport Qeeen of the South, Captain Bale, arrived in Queenstown from Southampton with a detachmient of 80 men andthe same number of horses of the 17th LEncers, under the command of Sir George Leith, for Cahir. Tho vessel was to leave next evening for Dublin, with a detachment of the 1st Royal Dragoons, under the comLaand of Captain Ainslie. An interesting ceremony took place on Monday in the Felows Common-room, Trinity College, Dublin, the occasion being the presentation of a sword to,Lieutenant Danham (Redan) Massy, of the 19th Regiment, by his fellow-students of the Irish University. An address to the gallant officer having been read by Dr. Ingram, of Trinity Collcge, Dublin, Lieutenant MaWsy read a suitable reply; after which the Rev. Dr. Sadlier presented the sa-ordto Lieutenant Massy, accompanying the presentation with an appropriate address. This flattering testimonial consisted of a regulation sword elaborately ornamented, and bearing the following inscription:-"Presented to Lieutenant W. G. :D. Massy by some of his fellow-students of the University of Dublin, in testimuony of their admiration of his heroic conduct in the assault oii the Redan, September 5, 1855." Lieutenant Messy was afterwards entertained at dinner by tIh Fellows of Trinity College, and was loudly cheered by the students on leaving the hall. The following appointments were rueade yegterday at the Addmiralty:-John St. J. Wagstaffe, Asmistant-Paymaster, to the Victory; G. F. Norman, Assistant-Paymaster in charge, to the Weser; W. Rogers, Assistant-Paynmaster in charge, to the Dasher; W. Price, Assistaut-Paymaster in charge, to the Atholl- J. N. Harvey, Clerk, to the Excellent; F. Braddon, (rlerk, to the Majestic.
, URKBY AND PEr)A. TO THE EDiTOIt OF TE[E: TIMS. Sir,-Perhaps, now that the merits of General Sir W. F. Wiliamshavo been so prominently and justly brought forward, it would not be an unfavourable opportunity of asking whether there is any chance of the proceedings of the Government Commission on the Turco-Persian frontier being published by the Government ? I mean that the information collected during that investigation, respecting some of the most interesting and least known countries in the world, shoula be printed in exknso and rendered accessible to the public. Mr. Loftus has already made most valuable communications to the Geological and Geographical Societies, and Mr. Curzon has given a very graphic account of a portion of Armenia; but it really will be a national disgrace if the discoveries in archesology, natural history, and ethnography which have been made in Knrdistan and Buchtiareestan are not properly edited and illustrated. I am stot awarc, though it may be plssible, tbat the RussianGovernm enthas published something onthesabjectb; but we have loig been notorious for the neglect with which we have tIeated any but utilitarian investigations. Iam, ;Sir, Your faithful servant. TALBOT DE 21ALA=E. I;vercreech-liouise, June 30.
CITY COwwssioxN oF SEwRs.-At a Court held yesterday, Mr. Deputy Peacock in the chair, a deputation fron the united parishes of St. Andrew and St. Ann, Blackfriars, presented a memorial, complaining that deposits of manure and filth -were allowved to renmain for several days on Victoria-wharf, Earl-street, Blackfriars, and that those deposits were of aver.ynoiouschaTacter. Themnemoris lwas referred to thenxedisal officer. Tho quarterly reporteof M. H. Ietheby, officer of health ior the city of London, was brought up. It steted that the inspectors had visitedl1,924 houses cduring the lastonuaTter, and that their condition in regard to diainaga, ventilation, w ply, clealiness &C,was Satisfactory. Great improvmen been effeco in allthose matteis. The mortiity table for the quarteri- porionof hei seplu lad a Ilord adoining the City of LndonCemtery forthepurpsesof A, Catholic
-- 1T. ARMYI ThZRE CRWIMEA. GENEMAL ORDERS. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, June 13. No. l Det3clmenty of the Royal Artillery, to be detaid ly LIeutenant-Col;nel MAclan, will embaTk at KaAtch in HerMajesty' ships Terrible and Odin. The 23d and 33d Regiments-will embark at Kazatch in Her Majesty's ship London; the 34th Regiinent will' embark at Balklava in the Prince Arthur; the 77th Regiment will embark st Balaklava in the Adelaide; detachments, to he detailed by the Quameiaster.Geneial, wil embatic at Balakiava inL the Thames. Thei women of the army-wo requiire passages wfil be sent bythis opportunity. The Quartermaster-General wil make ihe necessay arrangements.. No. 2. The undermentioned Staff officer will proceed to Corful, the force to wrhich he was attached ha-ig been brokijup :-Lieutchan3 t Leahey, 2Rcoyal hEnginteers, D;eputy- to.. TOehe ReJv. Mr.Coney, OfficiatingChaplain, ll be No. 4. Leave of'absence is grantea, until is retirement from the serice, to Ensign J. E. Barrow, 20th Regiment. C. A . fh-DlB order, Chief of the Staf C..IN H M S.a Head-quiarters, Sebastopol, June 1I. No. 1. Detachments of the Royal Arttlery, to be dot-ailed by Lieuteniant-Colonel Mfacleaa, will, embark at Balakidava in the Jason, Golden Fleece, Al-hbar, and Lady Russell. The order for the embarcation oI the 77th Regiment in the Adelaide is cancelled. , The I st :Battalion lst Regiment will embark at Balaklava in the - Adelaide. The 42d Regiment will embark at Eazatcl in Her Majesy's ship Queen and Rodney. The 77th and 90th Regimenit wil ebark at Kazatch in Her Majestv's ship Queen. The 97t Reimet illembrkat azachin -Her Majestys shipRodny. he rmainng ompaiesof the 111th Regimecnt will embark atKasatrh in Her Majesty's ship Furious. The Quartermaster-Generalwill make thenecessary 7avanze- No. 2. Supernumerary offier and soldiers -who remain in the Crimea on the embarcation of the Ist Battalion 1st Regiment, 42d, 79th, and 93d Regiments will be attached to the 72d R-egiment. No.3. Passag-es toEaglandwillfbe pr6vid~d inthe T"ha-mes for married soldiers withtheir families. Application isto be made immediately to the Quartermaster-General. No. 4. The undermenitioned Staff officers will procaD. to England, the forceeto which theyvwereattached having been broken up :-Major-General Lord William Paulet, C.B;, Brigadier-General Van Stranbenrzee, Colonel Lysons, C.B., 28l Regiment; Brevet I0eutenant-Colonel J. Adye, C.B., Royal Anrtiiery, Assistanrt-Adjutat-General; Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel C. Fortescue, Royal Artilery, Deputy Assstant-Adjutant-General; Brevet Major Pretymauo 33d Regiment, Major of Brgade; Brevet Major G. Fmeld Royal Artislery, Assistant-Qart-ermaster-General; Capti Hon. B. hellew, 2d Battalion Rifle Brigade, Ar D..n - Captain Thynne, 2d Battalion Rifle Brigade, A.D.C. Lieutenint Campbell, a0th Regiment, Acting DeputyAssistant-Commimssary-GeneraL. The Rtev. Mfr. Plarks Smith, the Rev. Mr. Wallace, and the Rev. anr. Parsons, officiating chaplains; the Rev. Mr. Maloney and the Rev. Mfr. Cuffe, Roman Cathiolic chaplains. No. 5. The under-mentioned officer, having embarked for England, is discontinued from the SCff of this army Brevet-Major Jenyns, C.B., 13th Light Dragoons, Mfajor of Brigade,from Ju ea-ure S.as4pl Juel B o. 1. The under-mentioned regimeAt having embark-ed at Scutari for Enc gland, is struclk off the strength of this army, as follows -Gllie Hussars, from June S. No. 7. The under-mentioned Staff officers will rejoin their regiments for embarcation .-Capvetains D ud Granville, 284 Regiment, T rAid ges-dc-Camp,fromthe 1]thi of June in- .usive 4ananRuderm1ntioBatStalion ofti wRegiment, oem- Eno.n8. Lthenanc t4 whc Bole, Town adjutant, Bnlakbava, willactas ommndan oftheGenraland Castle Hos- NTo. 9. Leave of absence is granted to Lieutenant Ba-er, 48th Regiment, attached to Land Transport Corps, to June 25,1856. By order, C. A. W[NDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, June15. No.1. The Field-Marshal Com.mudin--in-Chief has been peasre12 tok grnt leave of ablsence, undrti0 odestination of il battalont is known, toldieustthenantHoe, 1st Battalion taRegimentson boat the Tharueommendatsthe Medical Boad,to nsgn ff Gilis,55t R"imntto ugst21; No. 2. The 79th Regciment wil embart at Balaklara in the Victoria; the41stC ad head-quartCrs of the 49thRegimnents ill em bark at Kazatch in Her Majesty's ship Trni;the 9384 Regiment wil embark at Kazatch in Her Majst'sship Sidon. The Quartermaster-General wi maetenecessary arrangements. No.3. The usndermen tioned officers will rejoin their regimuents for embarcation :-Brevet-Major Rewlands, 41st Regient Maor f Brgad; Beve-Maor Decwar, 49th England, thefolrce to -which they were attchedhavproceed to hr~nup ±-Brigadier-General Horn .~ iueat ColonelJ. S. Airey, Cold-aream Guards, Acting-Quartermaster-General; MajorT. .Glyn,1lst BattalonRifle Brigade, Ass:stant-Adjutant-General; Brevet-Major C. Butler, 20th Rtegiment, Aide-do-Camp; Captain Stuart, 71st Regiment, Major of Brigade; Ins r-General of H1ospitals Dr. Alex:ander, C.B.; is-ar Staff-Surgeon Dr. Burton; Assistant-Surgeon Young, 2 Battalion 60th Regiment; Acting-Assistant-ISurgeon C. Buckley, Acting.As-istantSurgeon W. Brock, Acting-Assistant-Surgeon R. Tarner; Rev. 4r. Campbell and tho Rev. Mr. Dtrennan, Presbyterian chaplanisg. No.5a. The undermentionead medical officers wil embarki on hoard the Thames, andl proceed to England -withi invalids :-Second-Class Staff-Surgeon Doherty, in charge : Staff Assistant-Surgeons Sheehey and Hollingsworth: and Hospital-Dresser Tilliam John, No. 6. Invalids asfoliows-fromFonrth Division, 41; Highland Division, 15; Monastery H pal, 16 Bala v Hi1tal, 102; Iaud Transport Corps ospital, 60; total, 234-wm embark, in the Thomas, at Balahlava, on Tuesday, the 17th inst., for Engand, under chaige of Lieutenant Lamb, 50th Regiment. Nominal rolls and No. 1 reports wMl e rent before 12 o'clock, on that day to Staff-Paymaster Macdonnell at alWak-lava. Nominal rolls and ration certificates wfil be rent with the soldiers at the time of enibarcation to ideutenant Lamb, 50th Regiment, in miiUtary chlarge of detac'hments on board the Thames. No. . Leave of absence is granted to Coret Cantingham, 1st Dragoon Guards, to poceed to England; on arrival. he-wfi report himself to the Adjutant-General; ideutenant H. Nowlan, 41st Regiment, to the 1-5th of September. By order, C. A. W1?7DHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, June 16. No. L The regimental promotions and appointments, puablished by authority in the Londons Gas~te, (if the 27th of May, 1856, will take effect in this army from their respective dates. INo. 2. The undlermentionedl Staff officers will proceed to En-land the force to which they were attached having been bro'Ken'u:-iaoGera Cameron, C.B. ; LieutenantColoneliHaythorne, 1st Regiment. Assistant-Adjutant-Ge. neral; Ideutenant-Colonel Shadwell (unattached), A ssistantQuartermaster-General; Brevet-M1ajor Piteairn, 42dl Regi- mNt, Majo of Befrigade;o CataneCrawOrd,r 9IofthRegimet, o Aepril, 1s5isthe-Quartermaster-General;il CnaptliatinoHn Moe ntgormery,nto Rfegiensast,otde-deRCap; CataeirenbH.H. Stvenon, 7Th.T Regiment,wl Deut- asiseant-Adjiutant-e Gneral; D arenutIsecBr-igae.ea fHsiasD.Lgn No.t5Class Staff-Surgeont Dr.b Smizth;eainSeandPuop' ler No. 6. InreeenenataolGenerl Ordereh No o he2th ofiet,wl April 186 theQutkartCcnermaTerGeeralCB wi n alcntionuei give inrformaion to offcrast the mtf dt esi eanstofpherl mbrk No.4S. TheR a2dcRgmeth Bil eattachesL3d TinoBrigCodpsNreort. Thre ttothReohea-uatewrslbf statoed iandlmbstopo. No.69. Lieundenment-ioned Evfiersg, 20havn Regient willom comand ofRylAteyfrthe teroop stineSebaintopoel nome7. LiseutienatClo,nel Turne,aw.wl continuea an fin the rorwances aeof the Staff durevties in .G BoothstoiL 8.o hemm hand of thy Balttalionsend toThranpr Ciisorps fro. 9.yThe t unerenuned I fes having0 b'een in cm comand of Royal Ariallery,fo ataheprostaed agaourinsttheir from May 30 to June 13 ; CaevtainjC. M. Ciffrda, in comnmand of companies of Siege Train on heights of Balaklava, from May 23 to June 13 ; Brevet-Major IL Adye, in conm-mad of companies of Siege Train at the Windmill cam, romApil 6t June 14. No,, 10. Leave of absence is grabntedto Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, Assistant-Adjutant-General, to June 25;- Major S.. Dick, 4th Battalion Lenmd Transport Corps;, toJ'me 25. By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff.
UND7SITY INTELLIGNRYCE. OXFORD. JULY 1. The following gentlemen have been admnittul Probationer Fellows of St. John's College :-Mr. W. F. Trail, Mfr. W. W. Jones, Mr. E. F. Clarke, Mfr. C. J. Follett, Mr. P. M. Beaumont, and Mfr. Francis Badham. Mr. C. F. Comber West and Mr. Henry Deane have been admitted actual Fellows. A list of the persons admittel to the higher degrees during the past academiical -year has this day been issued by the oroctors. The list contains 5 Doctors of Divinity, 4 Doctors of Civil L-aw, 2 of Mnie, and 227 Masters of Arts. Of these last 26 are furished by Exeter, 25 b Christ' Church, 21 by Queen's, 13 by Balliol, 12 by Trinity and Oriei, ni by woroester, and UnivTersity, and a lesse number by the other colleges andI halls.
RESEsETnA3roN op FRoNrE.-The deatli of the Earl of Cork and Orrery, wlich tookplace on Sunday evening at his Lordshi's town residence, 3, Hamilton-place, anrd the consequent re-vation of Viscount Dungarvan to the peerage, have cr,ated a yacancy im the repre-entation of Frome. The hee1th of the l3te earl had for some time past been so precarions that measures -were taken before his death by the political parties in the town to be prepared for the election, which appeared to be inevitable, Accordingly it was understood that MajorBoyle, nephew of Colonel the Ron. Robert Edward Boyle, who sat for :Frome from 1847 till the commenoement of the late war Min which he fell), and Mr. Donald Nicoll, ex-Sheriff of London, the well-known tailor, vho was defeated by the present Earl of Cork at the election consequent on- te decth of lWonel IBoyle, Will contest the vacant seat. The friends of both candidates are already in the field, and 6n each side success is saidto be cerWin.
L-ALAYIR D. -. ' (FROM OU0 O*N OORRONX).j - - I DUBLTh, TU-SIDAiY., Holx. REPOEvED ROYA1 Vlarr The Ecexeg fail stFtes, almost XU erflu ly that there isno trthin thean lrepcr just et; a-going of the (Queen's visit to Ireland in 1si coure of the ensuiing autumn. TH TEr ZARL OF (Ole,. A telegraphic despatch was. receeivl in Cork yesterday, evening, announcing the deatlh, on Sun. day, of the Earl of Cork and Orrery. His Iordlsilp is succeeded in ids tile and estates by Viscouxi: I)unrvan, iM.?. for the boDrough of Frrme. The late.lfarl was greally beloved by his Tus tenantry, and was justly rega.rded as one of the mo)st popuLar and indulgent landlords in this country. - raPTBE: nP.PER" BANK. An application ras made in the Masterls office yesterclay, on behalf of Michael Carroll and other creditors who have obtained judgment aainast the. Tipperary Bank, that the Mastes clerk should bea directed to give copDies of the affidavit. of the official mainager verifying the list of admitted claims, andc the order of the fMaster directing the payment of a, dividend. These parties had applied, pursuant to. advertisement, at the office of the braich of AheBank of. Ireland, IRocrea, for their dividend, anca had been refused paymeent on the grouudc that theyhad taken :proceedings at law. It was intimate& that these documents were applied for with a viewof talking ulterior proceedings. The mnotion was opposed on the pa-ct gf thie efflcial manage.r, but theMaster granlted t.he order in the terms of 1;he notice_~ The case of " Paclwick v. the Official Idanager," which presents some curiouis features, also cameW before the Master on charge and discharge:- " Mr. J. E. Walsh appeared for Mr. Padwick. His clentclaimed lQOOO'. on foot of four deposit receipts. By the direction of the Master, the official manager had put in a. discharge to the claim, alleging that the money was not. lent to the bank, bat to Mr. John Sadleir; -and, fart'her, that the deposit receipts were void, becauso there was 'a conabract-on the face of them to pay intere,t. The questions involved were serious, and ouxht to be determined in ar action at law, which he was wiTing to bring, ani which he askled for liberty to do. " Mr. Iawless appeared for the officialmanager. He said, if he were properly instructed, the money had not been deposited in the bank in the ordinary way, but tha' there was; aniarrangement between Messrs. James and Jchn Sadleir that Mr. 'adwick shoeld advance moneyto the lutter onthec security of the former, and of the fuim of Wilkinson, Gurney, and Stephens, and that it was for themoney lent under this arrangement to Mri. John Sadleir, notashillingofwhich, 'went into the bank, that the reedpts had been passed. Hesubmitted, under the circumstances, that the rec3ipts were~ void. M Hr. Walsh said everypenny of the moneyhad been used for the purposes of the bank, and that the securities were only collateral. ";lr. Lawless suggested it would be desurablo that the, Master should decide the case, instead of the parties going to. law. The official manager said, they objected to the expenseof an action, as they believed the money was paid. " Mr. Walsh said that that was the question wh}ich of a. others ought to be determined atlaw. " Mr. Lawless said that Mr. .Pdwiekhadproceeded by cause petitions in Chaneery awaiot Mr-. James S'adleir i. respect of this 10,000., by w-inch petition it appeared the; only 5,0001. was due. "Mllr. Walsh.-Because he is ouly surety for a moiety of the debt. His client was entitled to proceed at law,, underthe 73dsection, and expense would be saved by sequiescing in his mtotion. " The Master said that such an action could not be alvantageously tried at the assizes. " lMr. Walsh said, he had no objection to try it inDublin. " The Master directed that an action should le brough'c, by Mr. Padwick for his demand, the venue to be laid in Dublin, and Mr. Walsh's client to. gve security for coststbe official manager to he at liberty to apply to examine Mr. Padwick in the office, his counsel consenting."
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In a paper called the Indian N-cews, which is published, I believe, twica a month, there is a paragraph headed " Mutiny in High Quarters," in which my name is freely mentioned. Such being the case, I can no longer remain silent under the imputations referred to, but sbh briefly state what steps I took to meet them. On the 17th of May I received from Lord Panmure copies of letters from Generals Vivian and Smith, dated the 5th of March and the 5th of April, containing, as a quotation, charges of the gravest nature ngainst me. On the 15th of Alaylreplied that the chrges wero false and maliciou and I demanded full and pubic investigation of them. The reply, dated the 2Bth of May, told me that the subject had Ibeen again referred to Major-General Smith. |On the 20th of My I asked for the name of my accuser ; the reply, dated the 26th of May, told me that Lord Parinure did not know the source from which LieutenantGeneral Vivian derived 1Ida information. On tEe 4th or June I again demandedthat public justice should be donebetween Lieutenant-General Vivian and me. On the 14th of June 1 received a reply that Lord Banmure must defergiving an opinion till he received a replv to the furtherreference made to General Smith. Before I got ibis letterI had, on the 14th, written to complain of the celay, and asked an interview. To tnis I got a reply the amme day, saying that he bad sent my letter of the 4th or June to. Generals Vivian and Smith, and would amswer me officiallywhenhe heard fromnthem. Onthel4thand23dofJuneI protested against secret proceedings, andsgain demandedpXlihc investigation. Onthe25thareply was senitoinetbat Lord Panmore was taking such steps as he thought best, andhereo the matter rests, and probably would have rested till Lord Panmure thought proper to reply had not the paragraph in the Indian Beics forced me to come publicly forward to declare my readiness to refute the base calumnies referred to in the paragraph in qaestion. I am. Sir. your obedient servant. W. F. BRATSOM Identenant-General. I Uniter Service Club, July L
T1n P RuOsoOGY OF m3m DiSEAsES OF . CunmAx Ausry -A blue-book of 100 pages, just out, contains a general a-d special report, from the peni of Dr. Robert D. Lyons, vn the pathology of the diseases of the armyin the -ast, addressed to the noble Secretary of War, and dated March, 1856. Dr. Lyons a.ppears. to have laboured most zealously and indefatigably, and a short abstract of the result of his inqairies will hardly fail to interest many, even of our non. medical readers. There appear to have been two princiPAL causesinducingtheinvasion of disease in theCrimea du-mng the winter of 1S54a55; these were the fatigues and exzposur of trench duty, and the singular and rapid vicissitudes of thei vilest of climates. The operation of youth and immature physical development is next noticed in the induction of' disease among the rroops. The joint numbers on the occasions of the assaults on the 3ledan received into one hospital in the field were 6G4, embracing all varieties of ganshot wounds of the very worst kind. Of this nr:mber of men the average age was 24A years, but. more than one-fourth of the whole were actually only20 years old and inder, and altogether there was a high proportion of immature yonth, such as (Dr. 13ons las no hesitation in affirming) it is not consistent with any sound physiological principles to expose to the severe t=als' and hardships of actual war. The daoctor does not cbject to early enlistment, bat he mrges the necessity of the gradual. training and preparation at home, or on secondary foreign stations in favourable climates, for the severer ordeals of warfare. He expresses his nn ualified opinion tha{; no soldier under 21 years of aga should be sent out to the Crimea. or any other seat of actual war; and not even then without a previous training end gradual acdlimatibLtion iL suitably selected secondary stations. The various norbifie agencies at work in the Crimea induced sensible niodifications in the constitution of the soldier, and some of the effiets, such as a premature appearauce of age, were visible to heoeye. Theapowers of -the system, and consequentlr the "viabiliy" of the soldiers were below par, and this especially ranifested in some of the prominent and. distinctive characters of prevalent diseases, which were of a low adynaTuc, and often typhous wype. 2iot. Iwithstanding the zare occurrence in the English army of well-developed cases of scorbutic and oognate forms of disease, a general scorbutic state vas reconiuzable in the soldiers' constitution, And this lent a decided irluence, to, and even sometimes distinctly mrodified, the chbrate-. of tle other diseased processes so comnonly prevalent. Thea majority of diseases prevalent in the Crimea presented undoubtedly low adynamic or typhons characters; acuite infimmatory diseaes were very uncommon-Dr. Lyorw rwitnessed none-and the highest tone of symptoms,i would not, he thinLs, admit of being otherwise cldarne than sub-sthenic, and sub-acute, but, as usuaUll manifested, the tone was much lower. This typo of disease clearly indicated genercus stimulaot treatment, antl often exacted the bold and unsparing use of wine and band. Antiphlogistic and depletory measues were as clearly counter indicated to the experienced clinical ph-sician. Dr. Lyons records his entire dissent from the pathological view!s and principles of a certain school at Constutmnule, as ap placable to the peculiar diseases prevalent i the Crimea. The abdominalvscera serethe organs in which liseau was most commonly manifested, and it may be said tlat the main features of the pathology of disease, as prelented in the Eastem army, were embraced in the two great clawea of the fevers and the fluxes, and of the latter no smnllpro. portion owed their origin to the former. Dysentery was the most prevalent of the true fluxes, and, wlhen estatlsedi as chronic, it evinced a 3nirked tendency to induct odLher mnorbid State, in the system. There was a compartive immunity from diseases of ihe respi wasory orpns a refirvg to the primay and idioprtUic forms of -those affettion5s On the subject of the deportation of the sickDr. Lyos uirgesa^large anud titrmely ext,ension of the sytemn of aiekan& convalescent leave, and dereca-tes as stony the deportation of ,natients labouring under acute a_eS tD any- consideraDle-dmitanoe. The eelts of the surical wer full - corrborative of thie nedcal patioq. As a g l Z41%, low forms of disesed actiona atfended the gvr UOt cases, anid the RLuasiasamiaser exabetesl ernne oithe effect of injury and oFZxg- * Iarlpr an .I - ib that of the -aid aoldier, except, perhaps, the Sadis Th. frane of the Ituaiae ere in fua -weir.g order~, Ib mwscular tis5ues being well d lopd uand frm, 'while adipose tia6ue weBre at a asI.,insuee. The uflkey bex of adipoee tiwaue observble among our owa roop aif bv ass sorme measure due. to thie ~biia of pote d Spirio. liquIors dUinne th,4 Latter pat; of the campaign
SALES BY AU4CTION. ZSuperior Furniture, Glasscs, Carpcts, Pianofortes, Ornamcntal Farni- ture, China. and Effects, removed. from Russell-equare. 111TR. PHILLIPS WMll SELL by AUCTION, at his M great Rooms, New Bond-street, T.rllS DAY. July 2d, at I pre cieely, the modern UR'NITURE said EFFECTS, removed from a residence in Russell-square; comprising drawing and dining room appendages, cresans End arrpets6 rosewoo00 cottaew and aquamr plano. fortin by esteemed makers, walnutweod cabinets inlaidwith flowers, couches and chairs covered with damask, dining tables and chairs covered with morocco, handeome mahoginy winged and other wardrobes, chemta of drawers, toilet and waga tables, fournpost and other bedsteads and bedding. and the usual reluisites, decorative furniture ornamental dockl anid china, and various effects. May be viewed the day preceding the sale, and catalogues than had at Mr. Phillips's oDices and rooms. ii lily interesting modern Pictures, by Profemsor liWaldmuller, of Nienna; also Italian Statuary in GrWup3 anud igures, by Signor 'Monti and othlers. M R l. PHILLIPS begs to aimounce that he is in- - structed to SELL by AVUTION, at sis Grat Rooms, NewBond. sirtet, on Friday, July 4at for 2 preci&sly' THIRTY very interesting and hbahly-finisied PICTURES, by the dtDtinguisled painter, Professor Waldmilller, of Vienna, whose artistic powers and eminence as a modern painter are so admired for their truthfulness in represenhttio*s of domestic life, landscape scenery, cattle pieces. and Particalarly may be mentioned Distraist for Rent, a work fuiUof subjeeb and variety, a PeeD Show, and other interiors equaUy interesting. Also a few beautiful marble groups and fdureaby Signor Monti and other celebrated Itlian culptora. May bo vietwed WVednesday and Thursday preceding the ale.. To Iamp Manufacturers tsad Gasfittemr. M ESSRS. W. KIN'G and Ca., will commence their SAE THIS DAY, at the Coftage, Fiaciley-road, near the Queen's-terrace. St. Johm's-wood, with a few lots of the STOCK of a LAMB MANUFACTURER and GASFITTER, consieting of gasIurners, pping, hai lanterns, moderatoe and other lamps, viire-worlk, &c. To be sold without the least reseve. St, John'e-wood.--Genuine Modernl Household Frniture. lI ESSRS.W. KING and Co. rare instracted to SELL 3by AUCTION. THIS DA.Y, July 2d, at 1 precisely, the same having been removed from the Itepositosy. Gray's-inn-lane. totho cottage. aearQueen's-terraco Finchley-road, for the convenience of sale, the genuine modern HlOUSEHIOD FURULNITURE, comprising drawing rcom chairs and couch, rosewood, Ice, card, and occasional tables, ihat-not, work table. engravings arid ornaments, a set of Spanish mahogany dining room chais , S-feet Spanih mahogany pedestal eidewbard, a iet of ding tables, diner waggan,handsome climney-glae4e, rseinearpete, window curtains. Spanish mahogany Arabian. and four-post bedsterads, bras bedsteads, iron ditto, Voose feather beds end capital being, marble-tap washstsnds, Spanish maho2any winged and other wardrobes, land other requaiten for -he bed chambc,s, kitchen utensils, and ellect. On viewthe day prior and morin- oi sale. Catalogues on the premises, ard at the auction ad estate offies, i. Wellington-road. St, John's-wood. Household Furniture, Beer Engins o MR. HAWKINGS will SELL, at his Rooms, 6, . Lioson-!rove, Marylebone. on Ir.day July4, at t2 fort, the genuine RlITE, &c., including Arabian, ion, and other bedsteads, bedding, drawers, wardrobes, A., loo, dning, and library tables chana, couches, cheffomers, bookcases, glasses, carp?te, china and oraa mental items, square piano: a si-motion hoer ergise, two commters, hagatelle board, perambulator, kitchen r ange, Ac. On view Thu&day, sfter 2, and mornng ofsale; and catalogues had. Preious Stone Moanted DiAL onds and Jewellery. 11ESSRS. BLOGG and MARTIN will SELL by AUCrION. at the Raoms, 21. Old Bond-street, THIS DAY (Wednesdays, July 2. at 1 o'locs avaluable -ert.ntef PtREIOUs STONES, coinrising rubies, sapphirs. 'Panama and Bombay pearl-, some parcels of extraordinarily fine carltncles and cut gamets, jewvelling and cutthn rough rubies, and an :invoice of Russan turquosis May bo viewed tu Imorning previous to the asae, ,hen catalogues may be had: and of the auctioneers. 28, Bucllerabisy. Collecticn of 10 Ancient il Paintineas, presented by a gentlcm n leaving England, to tbe Royal Asylum of the St. Ann's Society, with power to sel in aid of the fends of the Charity. RA l. TOWINSEN]D is instrr.cted by the Committee LEt to SELL by AUCTION, at the hart. on Tuesday, July 5, at 22, the above valuable COLLECTION of PICTURES, including specimens of Guido uyp Collier Baclehuysen Paul Veronese Rtuhens l foliaer _ V. Broghel Beaumlont .fordaens Catalogues of E. P. Leeke, Esq., solicitor 2, Charlotte-row. AMansionhousa; at the 3fart: or of the aucitoneir. lelson-street, Greenwich. INo. 5, Hugh-street wvest, Eceleton-3suar, PiSnlico.-Capitalla rsi- ture. Pianoforte, and Effects. MR. GEO. GOULDSMITH will SELL by AUC- i. TION as above. on Taesday, Julr S (po3tponed from the lst).at 1 precisely, tne FURNITURtE: compris ing four post, iron, and other bde.teadsand bedding, wardrobe, chestsof drawer, and bed chamber appendages, set of eight dining chairs, easy chairs, chimney-lasses. walnut-tree loo and otber tables, cottate, planoforto in rosowood ease, prints, bronrz obandeliers, chisa, glass, end effects. On viewday prior and moriog of sale. Catalogueshad on the premises: and at the auotioner's offices, 3, Pont-street, Belgravesquare, and 24, Belgrav-eroad, Pimlico. Salvage.-Holiand-street, Bau"ldo.-Tbhrre capital high-pressure Steam Engines, Two Tubular Boilers, Four Poinps, Iron Tank, ix toas of Woollen inags. AC. R 31. SITGRAVE (in conjunctior. with Mr. HOD- 1 -' SOLL) will SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, 8, Hollandirtreel, Bankaside, Southwark, aldoining the Falon Glass-works, on MIonlay, Jay 7, t 12, the PL NT, Stock, and Effects saved from the late tire at Mesrs. SorSon, HIayter, and Co.'s; comprising a capital 16beret high-preslsuresteam engine, one 14 and one Zix-horse ditto two nearly naw circular boilersrl, largeoiron tank, rought-iron shafts,hand and r.gger, wZheels, lend sod weed cisterns, A-o.-the foregoing but slighiy lued ; idea six tons of Souebi3ck Zstuff rags, a quantity of ucefed and old iron, lead, Sirewood, and a variety of thor effects3. - Mayr be i:.ewed Saturday prner to the saBle, saud catalo-rues had on the premisee; awnd at the aectioiieer's offlces, S2.L eaden all-streed. Teigrimoutb, South Devon.-Desirable Itesidenco for Sale.-By Mr. W. COTTON, at Yeale's Royal Hotel, on Thursday, the 17th day of July neat, at ° for 3 o'clock In the afternoon, A LL that desiraole and delightfully situate Resi- , eere, ksown as No. 1. Den-tkrvacs, fronting the Den promenade and the4e, and close to the assembly aid reading room-a ; compdsing dinig roomI drawin room.library, baSisroom.vestibule,andentzanoaeball,10exwleat bed and dresng rwoas, spacious and wellarranged domeatic offioes; also a four-stall stable and coach-house it the rear. Also all that detached Tenement, in 'Sbe rear of theprseoding lot, hich 9Z mnitable for commnodiousl coachhouse and i,blet, with roomx oer. Theabove ar3 held tor the remafinder of a tem of 99 yamm frm Zd Jenulasy, 1i.29 determiZnable onOhs tdeath of the ariwiver of tbree fenralelises aerespectively 38,37. andl 32, at a groradm=tof a116t, whereof i's,will belragged on the rldense, sand. on tho- toeimeat,. Appl to leersa. Tozer and Co., solicitors, TeIlgumutb, Cclle.tidn of Fictnre bi' AUcIent aridc ',rsderu lfast2ra. rersov-ed fromt Decoeshiro. to be cold by order of L.Tn~r-otees~. Elj ESSRIS. FOSTPER tnud SONtirc direct ed to SELL TIIby AUCTION, et the uthil ry. It, P.dl-,all. To-morrow.. Juay', 'Atiprecisely, asmni u sein iLMINo 'CUt~ Velasquez pa~nelet: Rnyodaei itir J. Rteynsolds Hubenu Coresna r~~l~b~ West Jordacus ielenboch Veroet Ilyden And artislary aC Isatio ofa fOe. b Veazquez : a portralt of a rinersof pai. b liten; hstoica woks y West and SingleIon th Mck tetitt n to isgo eec. y Midn. Now'n £Lall-mnall.--Servie ot chse Antioue Plalte of abour 3,00 ounces, DredenandS5veo hin, (abjets.l s.c. ,atlo MESSRS. Fos.ERa adrO direLte by SELM by.AUION, at the Alalurt.S, Palml.on Tues da, Iy1.. Jul in atw1o ploted oarder h say of abiM! gn)Tlem AI; uco resaiden, chreel CheLL. anSDOrentlChin, bing Noam1, groups. and dtie0cr, Adcabnets, M E o*oalnrh,Iotn-hl.kes esnodHue, at low- 1,ESSIRS. FOTP n S ON nril dScE, tLLEL - J.b UTION, at the Mlart, on Tuesday, Vuiy Ia. at 12b dtion tof ltets Cbyourdt r of thanery cotausa e,w) n T vO PAt ufsei-Hahed v VILAyn. u REIDnCES5 beusng hoe. 17, iS, 19. aD 2. AddiOnRoad northillNeIting-bill,boce,spidb mesalcttarespefableZtenants, and lboitIOatrespe eofm, o the fws osthfer' l huie at542 Nesatur19and-ur of. vimivan. ed bno yonenetw enclosureeach aimtref thsssei'whose parae eae) fr a =en ofaot659 pers rainnm LThey 8a5,] at as gre un retif £1 o ahpi fhue.'tyb lwdb ermison o tbe tehat, n patolss1s hd pr.t thn Thart:fesarezboAt2enad th cm.Wick. uidsra. rerti w neen Bathl an odedvieist troug wb,IEfos arou tra FOSTE watend le O f mi SeLLfaa b o t-ur twLTommNl. Aathe Meet5uonhbeslay, bJ-uly1, ait.lb dhistctienofeil Swayn. anducemntshto ca psebe. r tohes,FEtom tLD Mtu-AlOt liabo EtATE 3ansinmd AsidtiOO calle Wick Court, Nvibgisether it a drater Rathnudnistll,n I twohbioes sevperas cttages, fournbhurs7rs, acLnd aont Wic L aces nw, s- of the hietado erlthiestedow and patuhe laudl, ad. ridtur hnto bcneennbwtienclosurespebt silatra fetinsl;thean behole poducaion a grsos rhen Mfanot of perk anduATheland oetenxv withredeemd Theptthe frmouth to£3Is acpr nnm The raaeiss sbeteso ar aboutgag ior the puand. Wikerist a. fertiland bhesautiully beoofired ve, uathrough whchaowrs,is tra with w1 n oidtomo ater pow er ofd 14 dasen beomero tler maney Indu.Rcmnshoar purchause tolrestor,e2 the rostre-lt, Firunsbethnquauen afdMessrsGegoce ati Cisk C:fdourt, whichr isowithinasdriroo Beath andll t D auden thicetpress traings fourchowalk' riempto London. wick istrell~ knisown at neo the healthiest t orklitebounsy, Bath WWnmture hs,be bautihu asron respcts bowil, ho fetilty anedbeut ofd ofiMematFt erlon, AloteMnro&ik Pand Ab11Loon.c-etnvewhth aiseh.' Col,drn and leahod Horsesar of poe lto abounrd ahtcn reat dEpth Rmtesrac FO ThER esatedi cOld subec dietoeamortgaehor £4.M . n Inecteresto StestingUTIN.a the susara b t.ded andTuepartc Jlars5, aeti p2 laos as codtion ofaOle, mayUbe had, 14 dngane befrotek Strale, leofnlea.Richard Hayfe,eoslicuser, 2, uonte-sotret, Brunswitrck. Sobjuare; of esss reaoryandC.im ltr. Th ooigrleaeforld-rPowhofuMessrs 2ee 3. 6,and be7 y W&tstedctor, Glei-ciuaeg WI Benchwalk Tmlease Lenden;e of. XGOte, X0 3,asmeaK hnd for . yaursor and~1 arucindenters,19 Sousall-twot hristol ofd pawsnbrtoye' top Bay. 5aand Bssshmolletoa Bdge-sre, Bnrontol iatlte hig-oytd at zmthYork-houe,dfo aboth Williamrme, at IOfrbthe Crown,Wc, whltonwileasho thesptremies and- Freehold; andLeasnh(ehol thouesde of the late Richrd Shuter. Foe. 120 SRSlo .tet lil.foSTr 1 r and SO gond dreentofed 1y tor peIlL Esuon rs toe teSELLs (ty flaUC-trON,t thue Hart,cktsonledy, t beobtiyne5,at12 inetRs,rc FotrEshOfLDes HOUSE plrJBoekmrham, tredays torendtlotsnleasoft£7W. Hfsseyl se. ldho tAe, I. Crown-couret, Bansteet, Soho,et-at£l t p oart unrauof Tesrs Folltewingare 'eaCaehll.-orles 2. h, n.-Cpbl and ,WstLret,eGolden- ouses, llsl d ou lasesrespec tiel Btri£6,t£on £G,and dESg, theis froprt1yer othLate1 ground rentreac lte, Sinront POfSTER hgrand atN 3erpt hieltd for abou H yEars,ut£1forsbth hELouse,adlT o'n las te Mrc'etivLonatn£32 and2Itp adnurlng-vihmsssiev teresidenctteoftherietsionofthuereas to. 12o,bloas;dne-sreemt,lhel,fre 13dyear anaground rWant of £t 14s. For theaBigten Poperty (-seiansearteodertid,bemfrnt, 1hop belvieeNob p9nnEesit ofthet tnents fthe bs mtaioane-erin house byn ticets on ly,s to bhe Missese atnMesr. forster's orfe, 1nd earasatzIompers had, 14dAs beore he sle, Hofs andW.Husey. Faq.t. cometor, of. Queen-street, Chetapt aide atonu.A the patratofbesses.-a helderf StI,ead-all, -fBigt tssslstn.-Cpyhld nd Laseold ouss, hod 15 Shares inldt Bridhon Gas Company,a mthe cropertyofu thelantea Ricard otbers,i IESSRS. FOSTER annd SON are directed by the i2DEecuters to SELLt by AUtION attV the Marttn-., Londn onL byAMIN tte'Mr,oiTuesday, July1th3,tb at 12, iltsaCO HLD RUNREthof nbexresiene,rentlAM y eetd e No.D_~CE 63. WVbores-strree, brightob an caitald Cbylthobld eous and modern,b doable-rontgrathopt, be wicgho 3posFeatstreo t onl e ofiten bes coptingathoesn urighton, tho leaseption theomssbesal Gethie me,lI forOt0or 1years, t vietlie ytie anntm Avr Cfaycit adHoesag dShtepo acmNo.d2t,nthe largero parkt-s aptaetleta r orm annteudo.rAllitnbrecedyn andmrenhldofth r anor To baerighton raigeinents hergoD d. beng lequhalvingvlu tho exreehetory Af Leamsehold perivante arowellnp-houded Nor6, Ctune-pasemen sgtoreing neryth Cliffy the Bightn Ga Comany, ay b vieedb thermsn wnof thee Cheasido -ad ofSteae, oste andite, o4sPal-maitroman and nn iffeentandmereconnedius ,la thanmanysters; in prvce nd Coch-ousbe frtwee four-heel carage el o S11i yeaL-rs, et,6 grouand reel.. t~.dY. M~AESSRS. POSTER and SON are directed by the byA rtIO.astoth SELt, onATuesday,Juythel1ath, aTu12.dthe JMry.9 athomas ionsferorr.te moot sels an durable manner,L finishe cond itted o 1 bylhebuilde, n cliamtb thoues ower tgra cost272, of-which3! possesson willbe47ian on9comple tongstheetpurchas,lthearecepdtion faclty andenpt ability moferaccommodting amolarige paty,F e captdningm room ylades ouoiAr.ibitfrary,andm,ornhingrom.5Tea chambexpror. magemntsco goo and mple,havin the eet n tryo roomte btha ew ervbantsae, well trovidedifor,rthe basementustoryn beeinry, Plaity,o EpSSRS,an.dmral arrTE angd, wNit aredieached ktchn ThEL sAldlty o AUtebulIng isaidt ei the fato ost tat ul them asot beein atany tin eiuthgaerr, or sttlemGent INoraeny part ofthneapremies Atda therear ia cosuperioaburltl etghbouhe lrandycoah-hus,wthom andouid, h whloft.iMay fvsse ia!nstilte valk and patiecularsmayc beand Southgat anreierofblesss.tuatonm, solicitfors ocropadon: on- letheg.rem; plo.do dfmeoslon.Fother m4 Pll-imprall. Udn ve bu 0iLrs il Lexinten-ayfroett, Pondio betwenhg Vuhl-rgeroad andte ' -ae t o New MI'ESSRS. FOSTE,R alad SON ai-a directed b th E L by AbloTIOagat tto SErL.bynAUCTION, atJthe 2tarat en Tuesday ulyt9, su~ait 1.inane ori mporelos, REpSIDENCS, fhLdBoeSTAele,a conisteing ofh1 Hrwel-hult tVicivae hosebs,atsit bein en.27 9 1 the 15,a 37cire1, 3 45. 47,etldi Lllngttee,huss a l-msturcedSamui leand leaseadtoar ~eaeryhenrnostveryal modtrhe rentes, amounting% to r01ler annum: and otherrnaCubitt fortian teem,nof whc ste yaclrnae ofxtMiro.% atutanground rentrotor2e Thesewhousesihavedbeend erctd buchtoa few thesars,the arnareweU beed fully poccupie byr an srepeetaboorcass of nh aranements;th oresent raeelmoent inW veymdae and anthoit adqianst or Amaylbes akedsfomr.t thispopeortyi worththea imtroentyleof persons luvig moe eny cfti ny atetndleahod housMes,masiteis awompactugand desirbew etoate whlnay be vidand particula rs dlad, 21dyn bfr thzfahob e MaynardMese, soMatrsten,TColmasand rHotlatte, Mart;lom aincing-lae;r atteMrtonsfMese oter, 54, Pall-mall. fleutgate, nerar theffigta Sti?echs fouseil and RsieveralPos of h Buit ldnLand. iMESSRS. FOSTER anad SON are directed to SELL ,Lby, AUCTION,. at the Mart, on Tuesday. July 29. at 12, i vaiou lets, aseve ral thrTe tof valuabes FREKStOLD LAD ith[n wholm withino fv miniutes' walk of the Cegae Tiny-tatio nd betg ateor STetatin, offeringygrea advantages tofthos phomay desre toe build inr elanedvr from cietese fo toherest ondnor twohobasgrnes tohmof- larger dienios, the mostac irimportyant dexelyundingaoer,gvn aoth2 ces with rreteny frontahe EenM the hnigh rteadifromstheGee-anesn to eahnu, Wth-ae lout inerpthlonbsotdposectachoreiancinBYaCeOf'D-serlooking profflty and St forte Immediate portcOpareoenoa rhesRegtabe fu amiy;severs vowtter Bfetomyo Houssml reod nresdaofand-ls-t, the rhneighourthoo viewel Thped hwithiatess ofro weate-orkas uear the properb;tye.sFull beetideas afnd ploans will. bemxtreadyo2 sadaysgbeoveth sale, and mhaybe halfud of ntIePasons,.UpperePark-proad,softespaest wate; esrs.ham-i besadPeetri.dypen, orclwterteda. GratiToerstf,reett;rf ess. Miigtairtn Thms,ad Hollatns, solicitors, Mincing-lane.; at the, Mart; and of M_blaresoter. 54. Pull-malL St. JfmeG'rtounce, Maprido-hil wSt, Hiesarrowroa, ntelattr vthe Bridge tgtewtahadmi.ngtMasonWeand arteee MESSRS. FOSTER and SON arc directedbtoSiLr iL,b SainUVCet Cto oSL yAJION, at theMiat nTedy uy2,art1, in tr ltssubsdayAuuta19y-balt spacin n ous RE ADENCIMY ofHAndom lover Eon, with Cambsouth asuc,ms aceigibly piece familyr hxodiestance overtha bride inothe Ml niarrow-rad.sWio laedebaainlityenro haareen,hewirth omaInbidicnt thmerean houses, eiwll-matured. and ghood tasate eic boanerywbya observable;teconices, skd ietns unmarl chmpact,iecthe andIother7 ocrnaen,tbgralerportiosevnclostepb intadvl oftheez ausual Vrotione,oe i-dhd. The arsrvtrisarbeldesignedran add much atother elUCBexatcomfotrtsof of cupaion; thcdingoomi ampnanlye,vthenrcepto rein lhet t urand aspacue,tn oth ed, t hbdrom ue prousliht andloairy; thesevatsarewel ndfuly roiddfeinslepngro-omws andi thema arrngeent onthebasmen stry;sadilthenponts relduisirthefr fimihe occusomod t the cmfort f the imrove stle r oftbuild neigbouhood anell s t thee wo ma be-to hisgfolebrateidvest-r montof apial, tidy a p catelesee drec frm teTrstees of the addnetn EtateforRi ear, atonl £11 goun ret, lay be El and frontages for bidrgat preseut tb9; ;vhol i;sdr Uhc plough. Thotthe of the prishwiU be included in tho purchase, in effcot aking the estate tithe free. The contigaity of tho Unirercity to Madingley, with the adlvantaiges of the b)eet es,ciety, Wil always givet bis estate avyalao beyendthe mererental. Ma4ingley Wood i a faounte meet of tbh Cambridgeshire hounuds, and game is abundant. Particularsand plans of Clement Frauc4, Eq., Cambridge; Mefers. John and Charles Cole, 36, Essex-street, Strand; as the Mart, Lindon; and of Messes, Fester and Son. 54, Pall-taLh. Te Drapers. 8iidpes and Dealers. T.THOMAS HEMMLNG will SELI, by A1UC- iLL ION,L byAUCTIRONm 3, hiPoms ,Eilgrim-street, ugt-l LnFudgate hew July 4, aetl amstuaDlv I aboutS 1oloot' s ok f rich S1I0L;iK on sENpe r1rR0 I and OOD3(i SERSOnOn view the day prier, asia catoaSeo To Paper lit`inwer, Builders, and Hiotere Decorators Panuforim,' &c t ' ai. W.,Wt LlJCEMCING is favoured wtith intruc- on M UosrooUerropntietr.wrhis leaviugEuglaxl,toSEL.Lby AUCION, yon tlT'O.rd at his Rooms d 5r-ePoim- Vutael Lbridge road, ill,onWFriday neS,a imdo iforS 'coc puncrtually,t 1,2601 peiecso supe-io and nel3Iynewo Fflm.xnupT consiPtiER of drawiesv room seatp ir awend ooOend Tf rich datuegka elegant ewtaigh aD makh, Bpsw.a-h Genunoe and walnut now withoauoldU Frniture mcprenmetefNto or1nde blyte emiunet hgmsno, Jasibrrt of boolan , hronze and otber oret ,=6teutalt P3ux.roprieqtor.whol leaving e viewed toheL bAy Prior to wJle and catdlogues bad- cetla* andatalt themr uffic tii Iese iUetioDcer, 4 c, damast , etleantxu aieu h S Eligible Freehold Farm. Eersreey. Han'spshire. M1 R. LBIFSCaILD ha,; received instructions to subJ,aiay 29 (unless presiously disposed. of by Priv'ate Gurxra 4.t in5 Oe ,.ts, in conrwquerice of the death of the irop,riLtur, v.ry do stble FAitH p'rasantly si'tuate on thti Green. near, the villaco of EversaeryIl-it se wattr. ctunprislg a comfort'able dwalivg-house, w-ith out-oqree Lad ler-Inidine,;ad,and gardenis, ansi213enLcoserse ofmcpi,a1arab;e stz,udnch meadow laud alpproacbed. My3ed od,1Z rsi b'Leydare etited rive valuabeckaer.Thsblaigihts vrodpertysisnog the nilml ma beSandhurt Mudchoelmagnxtia rtcuar andswtii castdist,is i ate ill horly b issed,end ay h heLF au:th uosuaiessionothe Afidst-class Faeeeaold Landed Investment,ontebnraf asp T hir5 P.-oducing £742 per annmum. Z14 . LEIFOHILD] is instrintetd by the Pro~prietor TL to SELL. by, AUCTION, at Garraway's. oni Tutsday, July 2A, at afr , (unlessp.reiously disposed.ofby sisriatce.ottac,l~nniestreant -i, d valable FIEROHILD) PROPEItTY. desir.bly siusatc, near a 3a ilway station, cor,tigaoins to the first-r,te markett of Chichester and Tortsmuouth, on the high road betwreen these tsro towns, ans aburtimg n Chichester harbour. It comPinprs on excellent, faussil residence. esith ample andt convenient offices, entronee court and gardens, plantI tions and orchards, capsital farma lilsLoestad. aVOI-urrsau_,ed wish an tl e modern~ improsemeute, andnearly Itl aeriss of untsnualr3,productive "a1ble, pasture, and gracing mnarshlaind ; the iields' are lar,ec. as,s soceesl by good roads. The estata is occuphAo by a biably respeotable linnamt. on a leai e for 21 years from 3Michaelsnas 1152, at the anuaIl mstnt of4742 The vendor holds a lea'e of the grest tIthes fsri the life of ar.oung-and healthy person, the beeciit of wa ich leasowill1 be s:.ls vith the farmn. Particulars and oo.dit;ons of sasle ith a ilan of thec fa,.in, wil shortly be issued, and may be bad at ihe nasual vrn~cipal hsttas at Southa~mrtan,Ptortsmouth, Chsrhester, and Macant; of Nesors Sharp. Hrrison, and Sharp), olisators. Southawptun; of Xiler&s Davidsc.r endl radhury, solicitors, IS issg-l-et at Ga'caway's: and at Mr. Ieifichild's lanid and limher otlias, 132, Sleetate-street. city, where cards to viescmaya he obtinaesd. East Pembrokeshire, near Nnrberthai,dTcnby.7-F,qs salintat -F=ehjlo. Farmses with Dwe nghoul,rs5 Cottages.Siull, 3!c. .PL-EIrFCHILD is mnstructe~d by the Proprietor Al oBLL by AUCTION. at the Lien Hotel. Teolsy, an We-dnesdri,, August 6. atI1for 2, in live lots, the foilea~ing valucbleanodilapo,rtant FREEaOLT-P ESTATES, viz, serbuosi,aeaAa as oftnear 400 acres, with dwelling-henue,out-buildings, yard,assi garden. clci c to the high road. and shount fousr miles from tihe firet-rsae mar.et town of Harsarfordwe6t ; It is now, occupied ly Mr. Philpisse. at the annuall rent of £166. Newvton Farm. in the parish of St. is'eslla ou the_ read from Nurberthi to Tesiby. a dlesirable occepatien. with dwellig. lihouse. farm-buildinrs, and 92 aores of' as-able an~d pasture land; held hr Mr. James Gelifftho. at £413E per nsa, Browubs T-enrenat, adjeisisg Newton Farm. is a smialt holding. writh. cottages nodI -ujisldngs, and 14 acres of arable and pasture laud, let to Mr. Geor7e 'Watkins, at £10 its. seer ann"um. Tockiort-mill and lands, abo-ut threa, acres, ltt in James Mitleblos, at £e5 it. itilvelg Farm, adjodissng Begaily and Kingsmnoor, a. desirable occsspatiao, with dweling-house, cotsages buildings, and 1063acres of amable and psature land, held by -r.I James Gueter, at £12 15t, per annusoi. Particulars ansi conditions of sale, wvitlh plans of the farcms, will be isasued 2 i stays Isrevious to the sale, end may be had at thoRutzen Arms Hotel, Narbsatis; Msfrin,rae Hfotl,l H arerfordwest ; Lion Hotel, Pembels-te; at the place of sale; oft T. IL. Mlarrsott, Esq., solicitor. 1, .sineaster-place, Strand; cf Jaumes Sumsai err, Esq~., solicitor, Ilaverfordiwest; of Messrs. Davidson and Bra;dI an, zolicitors, 1S, Basiughall-atreet ; and at Mr. Leifthild!s land end I imbr offices, 132. Mooergate-street, London, lsl,hamn-pgrk.---A compact Lease-hold Property, Ss. sl dpe a small Capitaliste~, pres~enting a good insisa fomu sal uly IrSSRS. PLEWVS and WALLwlSLLb JJ AUJCTION. at the Mart, on 'Friday, Jul1,n 2 utoll (uniless anu acceptable ofler shiall be preo -sl~y mzd by Private Coot. act), FOUR substantial brick-built RBS11)Dl~CBCS. m Alwea-plaae, I ybam-road, C12pham-park. Three let to wetel,l tessexts and one in tend. Annua,l rental. £758it.,beld for 68 yearsiuna.-prrelat aground ront. Particularsmay be obtainedat the 10ar: 01 50-ssro,L.ass~eso, Plewge and Boyld, solicitors, 14, O1ld Jowry-chambers ; andl of Fleers sam Wall. J4. Possitry, and Claplsam-road. L,ong Leasehold Investosent.-The BrassyAu.lot olih road, together with Two Cottages and Fv ons,With Shops, all close to the Victoria Dlicks, ESSR.S. PLEWS andI WALL will SELL by AUC. LT..TION, at the TMart, on Friday. July 11, ait 12. in six Iute, with the content of the Mortgagee, a long LEAS P ROLD) ESTATE - comseslting of a well-appointed hees,-shop. knowo as the liras-oy Arro:s, f.r which a spirit license has been promised. and two cottages. all held fo,r 1L0C0 years, at a ground rout of;£I13; ales five well-built hosres-s with shops, .held for 99)3-ears, at lose ground ront.% pn aspas-te leases, The whol ofthe roprtyis o reentrecionand well lee, end fisoi its sTeaigontfor Stheproeoftae ayh foersi Saned Msr.tcW.r ObtindStWheMRT;N at thae Brsayro, NoiTurth aylsJults-7,d at for 3, Gign the* 3 afe iGn, 'ra.trysb fA.A atr e. andFlas,aoiitos,2, arklaa; nd f ref'sand Wall, SlPutr.t and Clapharo-roscl,sthle hane Soth Demoat.-Suhald von. Mdeached Villak to e l.tt r.W RoylWoRtel, at Telgractout, allo,o Th hrs ayd, ,uy 7 t fo in the a-ftemoon,pehl 1'UHE Fee Simpile and Inheritance of and in a thatf01 JLddlohtnfuey dsituatle MroerstageLor vellnt-l,tue,clledil Saring- gadenlighfla, stningadeiuchdh a lawn. suronld cvothshmandingnestensivwergar,venw, and conowrcspiedi by Captaninc Hegerftheu se,the houser Tedinnsaed andj apatent s.utl,ac Thepreisingabto-st3all tbIr1p.ofhaudes and Co., solicitors, Teriancumsoltci an an oeiherhabotds FrenchlOp,erfhLnd,an een rt. Fiel called Prceserve, aths ituate near Sh idon. gaeend ee withicumleoft Telgmorrow, JBy 3,r. WIAI fr pe NsyOalrgeOSTOCK at mcaler ItoAl EHotelNG, in Tigoaosth gonThrsy, July 17, aaalF~citz2 fo marblesan others, a inumbenh eritned o andbl n t-e-pe, stou- lowing vplee-brysdesrablesPeoety-ools. TiwAll tioatnl-hdtMosrine VillaResidenc catllged Font-hll in othLedocptono erg en Re.,dil cefllyestuaeincalarn. suiiurr ndearl nwit.hubre n T.wrer e anOcomEndisingsetensietvews to thEL sea the iv Taln, Ndadactentconry,isand compisng Farout near As-.1p.o TISd Thode atvFprnipuerti mvdttol fone Dunile fro thofaous leyenerng paeoTandgamoth soeve mlets from Tnotquer aeidndcixfe m mar eTtownno Hewton Abbot,on T-aoirroene a rareootuit toe reainy ig eUtemnaaInUg augod inEstFEnTS oromfotheabGeresnionae, Fresfherprticnersmyheebame rom essrs Tozrandero., drsoulci Oldestblshe a and. Frencr, hPperhing' ein ChppngOs ESSRS. AW R aHIT SiON SELL by LAUCyIAUC ToTmOrro, Julyo3 atheifrispeeiseo y Stray,Jlarge a ITIC of modemlt hlngrbestandlothers, a udnmbacutofmeied mrbl te imney-pieees, itaton of saethe n caiteftalges towny o btaipinedtiai. i pvaerwrat o te remse, lut armcna Aot.tleISn DAJuy Ordter.bfdthe 1xcntsoro r . un h hl of the nae'.D D'oa(-earhly cIefoest,meo nd adtsbles talnu edf hes ~atdchis,cvee crimsonarusseHIS cArpt, heJulyrg &.t 1, inanineblots,enametlle biro, bedUtes, lOUEdS,n wihadtfrncitue, andother bed or 617 8 chabe openie,21 mahog3any dinin Terbhlestrandchair,lendes,qlire-it Pnrons, kinttharn app etorus, aroSray thaeviewed,oand rtaogCacdhenttoihefam and ofe ieathe auctIoneer, at his Reposthetoew.branrhipant CowLandz Cambrodgsom feinfrlotesnanofhe residenc e. ea containUin TIaNSr 1will SELL brry oler)AUCsTIO a i A.FRITR and FFYECT h,sromtecabove-enstionedtiresi dece rhesme bhein H Calet A.forneed, teComprisigucapitalcmahogany errabinbedste'sauds,ewith beding. inarrb theslautof rawofters. rds. tabless,oweabstaod anr littstgs, Teseuroycaptalore maog AnE y extldION,ingotables, maple-wood cHeonel,rmoakmlbridgtabe,o catrpets, titcen rentes dab o.ut 1130 plats inopate gardeneugene an tal als.l FironErOLer and tmisentanof itABEm,a haND veiewed, t andrcataogesthaya thtcfe. e3sitaliinn; the Tow Hitall; ind ath Mar.ist.Qinh offTesl.ic 'es10 Old-etabishe ILnndan)Doos Breeary th Kingl.s Head,CippL,ing egDen andESRS Bmo avern and SON wwlill osmSEoLL b -Ac. PLLT ON,SpoFte romises faoniatredyiJuyi,tth instutone lot telgbo g-estb OLhdnD Z LDIaNGromLAND, the Bingl Hand. Anchra Tached,nspacous hlsolinicg andoutbuidings tweaig-tewohupwsards Sofis aneacreof priduaectisegardten Vicound; lbcs.wol fortting etanverywesirable roperty leaddnopent whie D ucra detien bugns hasm beenDcarrie on bye otht o tlae sitep oftr iitercandfamilyaup ward yf4 years,n onrticularth Willwbecforwaredoh sanoappli.caton gosto the paeithiancbu Witdtl yandg Investents o the.Bdferdellate tho Bell ad Acho Taill SEL bysad AnT UCd.tIONSt, atd ted nezdy.Mar tl, TI DAY, July, 28,6,at 12,fin nIn olots, pucaptufalrc2day.ad 5 Th Evser~she-s,toroetmOaleysqae , SltsofPebuis-,,ingthemdaind thorseoughfarefo the rew-road tohCamden-tsof land the iavmmeadat vicintyso Thetavorth-Westernglaudway Staio.te newd branchpeast- tayhe vue3wedtb the rRislon of the epese tenants, randicuarstnicaoar obl~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~yL bainedofar.Biee,Msn n rde,slctr, 23 eday street, I'oriman-rBelseupwllnre,Vcd Cron Lnds Clmbrdgehir-Aletmnt f Audeatofafershtm conainng a.Ic.lIp, te roprtyofEar Majesty.at B. A.D. CL YDEN as 1-coive insruetions fro te on Carls . or, heCemnlsisa h c argyo Testerton, Norfollk. witisin two miles aee a railsesv station and of the Imarlket teem of Fakenhava-Valeable Freelsold Estate, cannapr-iing a Manor. Advou-son, and superior Resireevce. 010cm., end Farnbuilding, su~rroundadl by, 6713 acres of lint-rate3 Arable, Pasiuae, and ESSES. BUTCHER havo the honour to ainrounce llL to capitalislarsnd otherstlseyure comoiisssnsed-tosnbmit torubie COWtEMMl'ON. at the Royal. Hotel,Norwich, on FridL,-sp,.Tssly IL. at2 in the afternoon, all that importantouln hichir deisrable P?tOPEITY, known as tiao Testes-fon Rotate, long the residence of Plhillip afsslett Care, Rae., deceerd, crunisting of a cap'tasl 1-iixlly mansion, srbstan-_ tially ereeded, and posrashing evore requirement fur a gent.cmann's eta, bliohment ; with excelteut wailed-in garden. stabling, and c,Mczs, superior well-arranged agrnsnittural buildflngs. baililia cottage end upwards of 676 acres of most fertile amble, rich old pasrure,aneadolws, oarna ca. tal plantations, and wood ltand. in the occupaLtion of Hlr. Thomaa Henry Care, a grst-ellsas agrlculturLst ansI respoesible tenant under a lease lor'a term of 14 years, from Micraeliaiss, 113s4, at the root of~ £125 e.~ nu.The. abovo valuabile estate is frealuld, and singalarly elgible O'trmre'sidence or itnvestmenet ; it liesr, slsriaigffene sad compjrien the ;nt1rsfp&rish of Testertoss (about OlO sn-eel, cove.aM by a - dlrent-ebryge for tithes, and exempt. from por-r. e,as sinall portlen ma the pirsrshes of Gulkmrk and Great y. Th mansion is delightflily 3e -ith the picturcsqlueruin of Testeston Chureh. in a flnely ttmheredlssua, commanding extensive viewn of the weoDd und plantations of l6enunwe, A1.1touCOss-tatle, zudf1qasf-,d :~ and the rectory, which in a sinecsre avrsertaine to the estate, ths incnmbentreeetnay.laa4io I o 4.ileef-tiths; also the ano, oreislol sseSe, f Tsleren.The propersty ig meet Timn Leasehlmds, with' poissession, pt Llumgon, by order -d Olia Mortg*&e.cc MESSRS. DENT atnd S-DN 114M SELL, ut Gav~ wysOnThursday. JulY 17, atll iutwroi ota.TWO well fi,n-i he; HOUSES wud'SIUOS, with plat-gIns- fronts, Nifo 33 an-A 3t1 kip. ,lar'-se-olsd,a giertpion1r aud, Isli r4ton.lNibigaers laidEfRanScozledtr D oNfn SONar w.Hsn CrSELLnr, at G314-sr t aioud sn rentso T £3 sorta Jl £17 al. at I Iclars ngFRhe RrsTMs ia ltth Duke os. Welndgton,'a opotsthge% Wille: rat h,lp Xfeliti; tahe or thes ofarnmral. and Ntoe. 4rdlfe,.atarde iaursaumt ;I Chaursoy lane faildof errace. Dilents,rad Sn,rh let, Satuetz aanoo-b-irdig, Hot. ors, ncr! leaes Ifohrltrmseftwic naeeary-to ersar.usn.sLa .11 -nys, sn Tursay, uly7. i ii th frilowng rOPee.sliTt in lts,a-i., Os.I ad 4 Baanrt-ags lw Graround , Reirts. -l eahsfThO sbannual va!r, antN et RESI22DErCS aNos; 18'a. 3.ao 8,effchss-eterrct, Willden-rowdnoh, let at oert rents anmountiilg to-l peraymo No. 2 Thrsaft.iJ-rotho 7let at £32pe Saosasc. ll let b asiaeloss o tOrsosaof whichES Neorl 7, ybeer Coltre uet obirnd a groand. 1ent of the eAnach; aim .iri. valestonsreet o., Maldon-und lg.lt- il, let. Matd £27 per Fnn,rhetd wior a cemofttagc and gls 9le tearseare ntettiree,t 5litelatreanu.Psarooaticulara on the orexi frthe lace of sale;q at themofl,es ofgMossrs.Dnn ad urepce. sellestrs 2, llyrownd-btriiding-st reyl-inUamrofmitcmr.Bnei, i3gelipitar 2, dwulnter ostret Bnrkhnsuinderrare;indo thesas-.uDet ond Sofnt anyp'ieore,1. Sonthearnpmto anubpldming Hoflogun,easd3, hilh-strer et,,t frogiblech long2Leatshol oun vnetent, cose to pher CanmderalslitNan4 Allulat, Cadeon-oa-n, at voerym h,lo ta CroOd per nts. for J2 vears, ons Thurdays. fuly tihe 1uth, 15.at 1 A p'eroeksnut orur frhtbhues aticulars on the seerl remisns:; at the placo ae;s.te offc b of SamI.snos. Fsi.seyodliciton. 14braysi.-stqe.Liona-inn;au no Mciir Meas ent andlSi, MJ Sou,th0, Eothnyon-bbUdnia ldoinnda, amd ic town 38, HIgh-stree. Camden-town trherypardens,o ow.t ossim 1 SRS. DENT(on Sir winae wiLL BELGL-eby iLL sTa', on T Marld, Jun. thednesday. at 1 o'locatk. b dinre, road. Bu,1 o the e estimted nna aLuEAE for an2 No. xi,l adeoin-t of g. let £22; e zor.1 a vnd 17, 5 e Fordsre, oith a cottage anSDgCrdena te rar tbabee latecet t rntsamontintoabl.-rut£pep annum, nn in aldcasstthe amont d forg teane.hold frSlss frm S ELLhsss 1b19 atli AheTmOdeatte grondret. of Wednesday, Jurs 1o. at12,falwn-abre. FRin-tEEt,HOLmmtEoYmi tuthcm etingea aito-Z Chdrch.in Besulab.hillkslsoiaoandxl, saioni ther Rouatindof eutheprfulte,,ouf th 92estmatedomannueal deakbedo gotineeas, edefor (. aril ofromicay, 10a22,o at alpn gswroun eth ov eryare gardnnucom azsdo4 lia gillas,t panbonraaoad thare roeith, letatue countery onnm tsel&otb Betan on, In, Souham ton buidBings, HoGbounnd.Cme-on lIR. BARNES(of Birehin-lane) wis istredL byl LV SEL byTN At theMat,hon Wedne usday. July.t2,b 31iegofS6ATErS aofjer. Tomas 3t=£2d ea,z0 a-3casia1'ell-DFl. 'e shoend byestanced glardenisio enD efrtIor n n b ru Steory Dinn Droo *oran,fast palurrreszoecnhneenas in tla-reshl, a lnd son o thu aementarnerr-oetcofcs a tiusa mtaye hoobniedo the hose u-d an, ss fSr mihs tr2 inlaney Lomar~-od-str Gret, Rnrwood-hlolg,-Pethl Etate an LneLvehl,ersewei fs caia meadw.ad BARNE froft Bi-hn-ae i ndrlt( SELLh bea o uli AUTO, tte Iz. nWdnsa,ouj o!grounds a hn sat oont detached cottagreidnae.at Cowfies, Son,acd onasosigawn, 33h er1are tare,suaemor.dn Aldusgatg-trent; paorm of. th%ibyfaue onr Lon th st andeat ade ofrwd,letonlese tof auhighly PrespectabSledea. , hod 5 dos pior o sae, f Meses.Hil andMathessouldIcaitore Bu~.eorI,SI.Mar-ax, ad f M. Brne, 1, BsPlanted oed, Ic.. Tcssal-ll,Cleyhth oloat, andFnhe.Esdne . Hnd ouss GrudRn,adBidn0rud &I ;eJcrR. BatNeSd o ici-ao)i ntutd in th SELLks by AUplcaIN atlsor,onTusa uy sat 12.in evaariogus os byodro heIgtn,aPOfiNf hond Rsidence, gardens,iperb:leasuorte on and mlfeadAwland, in thewP - teurus r.eIsbya ande freebrid mex.andowtlan adjinnget sta. ing 1 thre, sInemspot far thPreion ofvinlas; the Gt-saoas ahCrttage, r,dtowbusn andfhe plandwtsa gasN aNtheoerHoEalefecs ; aiy in Cuerornyhthrotade, a GfroundIteisnt.f£2a-yaear, c-arisng heir Maybwoodvode,with e dyreerdiesacmryinterst three encatlosures cbialnadontor,~se.land, tthefonauctiothehighsroadfCicey-lastab, hnride inplberearofrIeno-loe, andee wetwo cottage- andgardesaeicnn hReto alo at HGllNay aeg tacel PlnoucthofliitinWMad atL b bacJo,te-p Crownure Io-on,anrottge and atcorne fir1peld of buttdi geound o FUnctey-comREon. Pa Irimedl mayb, te obtaiedt of ascs. CTowLiesy.t Son, eE and Hclysoltohe, Ten Stales r Bluth osnbr se.-yr.11, Ale Pae-srot;anrdgeof Me Besnot1,bmrcbie-loane,Lombater.tre lWEt.SRE T &ELLG han rcoiv, intuctionees tof muTsi HY intuet,hliv vr ido MSCLPOETf fror tJuy1, in orts, i nex STABLES atd 21 Old en-HOUSEeS, onJuly Thevaubtidem confidentlyuatbmr.fvio tahsismde of disosa aes~ othemeg; thdvantagleoucin every respect, asd threir proosetic1 eper ieinee wtl musniLcalnstrum entsedrigh tabut 119 yeam Fiensuesd at a gounlde ofnt sloof th isranu proertwic an ives athe n adrantume verhoAther ule-. aiid onditon hof are toaly i~ oe thesu aut stockays Mshould re,-Oani -Otfiel; in the l-sltreet andsin in'cone.2, onauh Pinl Wne. uisn BROOKS- Laonds BeAeLly Plated Goolvds, a H structionREto wub il o 9ALEL by AUCTIO.inoneo at lthe atk Gart, Y6onThursday, Julyr 1. at 12.s STOCss an arcel~eAb, ho.;e cOmpriSing E, censue ttof duldCaret, Serriaes.whie wines. liqter com nl,and ilcoages offainndgrennd,cousntlag o chries aricgfeoto.p8 arae4 2±0.;, e oae;rs-tuated od in the ia-rsnd coffeeeats gold hountingerwatc,d diluable jeoaweincy, and sautmernsitems.tDeher winethyb saomplr o orders,d Cataor ue and Piktleampz17rsztal n esmii atehRnoh ctyu.lrea may Xsloe bnelxblatofMr threplat,Wsnd....t.. roa.-S`eior= Pianfot by Alfred Allcn afew Di=, turynby esteemed rateho B iseter,. andgethr Efets. e.r= ta belds, dow and feathe='ro3 pilows Belas, s0 d otePuul fecs9 fory e prior cttaely-pveiafort Honachl uiture and a fewcoce Pawinehng bad onth byor pr Mre. andatth mmtoersofie,5,Eugtie W aRNIG ndT P begs H-Mbe to announe ha wllSE L ±-JLtLAyUhave ,oponintbrueosnitom Mlpr.Werrhametosubmit' ere COMdE-park-Ouare To-morrow, July 25, at 12 fore1precisely, ther geninsA6 FUpprN R Chrot-trtFiat13romed husre, the propert of t &ue Lenle as etiolduin hontoebAlpiany.-Thed Qfubrniu0 opoes b usa H.me aOppe.nda as;-oeivedigro usrie,tcimneyro andpe gleVaesedrfrtg -irons, Brusel UCarpets andth -ru's, andae gIsm Old Ken-Toad. ontWdinendaroom,ypedestal fodeboard, ?Tore-uly, aPembro diin aEHOL'.Eahoany-framedrhairs elma class-,tan lsed heriesbo,, calld he-Riewed, andesitalguateartthorn lepreofUioeoandofLithenyu-- tione,4 at his cottaces,2pe Beohrke aley-lret, m west, de-na rk-aquareno. ThE Hou3s.ert hou Lot. t .grudret hewoe fte Tbo veryias hld o-epr an uerd othrrtrsofen Stbesandul Cforlsath-ouc.- Pvarde-las,tmentbtodune-grae Ba.,g,.amuty fr asof R. m EELo NG Hoshol iasrecei-ctved Cabinetiossaotzto bLt Lh byACtION at Tarrawoy', Corudia,n Friday., Julyme d.rat I' fo i lts, TEN STOhlESO and1M COA&H-HOUSa2, siturayn Old doen the enre.i LeCase, abut 19 ea, Edmenbold an ghrouday renyt of 1,b diprectin eoaif and Exveatoro £6hferlateaGeorg Part'.cularste ztadsidwnithn ofuritroeswo maytela trearea-% 'cs feathrs Ne-re antidb. Wilsn's,soliitor. Cconerook plainewardobesa. Pi-ialcandfdWales Hountye fufol, intelcalpty; adtad Kletelig' oie, 2n, Cen'maugh terrace, Eslgwcre-road. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ rtu lof~ 1~jESRS. BOOKS nd BEL Isae recithdin-. ,L2ketsscio t sumi fo SA y ACTIb,in oneTIOrNsi lots, HOLDESTAE, cnsising f theeveidesrehl fatms, an water cos b - n-il,an cttge ad aren. tonaiin i arig ene 03ncree, 2 rnds 3 ole, stuae i th sorurl prises f SuthPelot, RTed- amble andbhighlypreductivepasiure ir.sr and16cm-es of words sRtlj tithe-free,and (sithvery nnusplor,ant excepin)fehlcn 55f tax rezceemed; the Venerable castle, com pltios farmesehl ndlneanti builing, tw maors, and labourers' cotta,ges: the whole bring 4of the 'Preanra rental value Of nearly £1,0009 a year. Aloa t-he entire Tit-has of the pariah of Vingfield, Commuted into ani appropriato renit-chLarge of £719 par annum, mind leased from the B3ishosi of NTorwc! for ate-m of21lyears from thellth of Jin, 1841. Particularsand con- ditions-ofsale, with plansand oews of theproperty, are in courseoo - prepara.tion, and maybhoobtained,tOdays previousto thou le.'etGa,-. raway'rr,Iondon; the pincipal inns at Ipowch, Bury, and Norwich; naear Hasleswortb, Suffolk, In Em,sqx,-Very valuable and dcetrble Firesbold and Copshalti Ertates, situate in the pardfies of Thaxieei, Arkeedun, Elcmdoge, Clavecing. and Lraw.nley, Lear the imarket town of Safron N-alden. coprreising4P.a. I3r. :Ip. of excellent amatle andgross load. 'MESRS.NOCKOLDS and KING will SELL l- by AUCTION, without reserve, at the Bose and Crown Iran, zategan Walden, on Saturday, otly 5. at 4 inlbaifernoon. in five, Itot as feillows r-Lot a. A. meat iesirbabl FREEXHOL'D rpRO'EltTi' on led Ph goit' -siiuate on Bgarrrleld-enl.rc,na lstwno `rlsazted,ceotaiantg SaCpL.3,iuJnthe oe.u ien of MbseSarhFRrekleT. Lot 2. A Tery valuable nfreehold and tithe-free estate, kisewn asi the P'aroonege Fam-s, at Azmeden, eontaIing 14la, Ir. lIp. -mos dosir&bla auatIe rLear the siurclt, anadwitbia three aniles of the Avffiey-atad Sta. lion, en the MAztern C'ounUig Line of F.au1t.Y, in the sraeusutiOtsriu Alrl. Allen Burrell. Let, . A. conmpat estate (part fraioebst and past celryho2d),5A1. c llos hits Friar, situate in thie parisa of Mmlm.ts *ad adjoiauing the orasd toIAk,izs4 tenure of VY.JolmFtsaoaiinn We. 1g. iP. Lot S. Assery dairbable ecrgshold estate, saile Buitt or isird-grateN In lbs pida ol* Lavsgley asindClaewior, &xWttIlrg IiSua,2r.ltp.,in tIr oocupatim ofi(r.John0flrke lot. & itto,astW'olusg lo 4, situate in the yasiahe I.sngl, a Al, dwmtne lays the Church. in tsuue~Of the axm;'of hlaef"j Xr. iA*A Stock rswlainirg 6a. Jr. ISp Psattriasa, .wit litbregabla pulanim, anas b44s -10 days sureiorss lothe mI, I Appuiwastioi at the SwsIna. Thaxted: Fox ansI HeinArd T yAeig' WIUS.r Ass,D. Harem; Gw~B thips aEvorsald Sanumeds = Rd k Cam rod * ofasmiasoi of amae.. WaMoal Iii andif.rg,lan strM~hs,,BsLimWldan ; Tandx -4X1
