DEATHS. On the 21st of February, at 10, Brompton-square, Mrs. M1ary Ann Miles, late Mrs Ann Ferry man. On the 23d ult., after a few hours' illness, Mary, wife of Mr. A. F. Clark, of *West-green, Tottenham, aged 72. On the 11th inst., at Cheltenhbar, Margaret.eldest surviving daughter of the late Lleut.-Col. Evaa Macpherson. 79th Highlanderm. On the 13th inst., at Appleshaw, of epilepsy,. lary. relict of the late MIr itward tHu'tchins, of the same place, aged 67. deeply lamented. OnTues,lay, the 15th inst., at Bishopstone Mills. Sussexs Mary Anne the dearly beloved wife of George Catt, Es1., aged 28. On the 1lth inst., Mary, the wife of Mr. Matthew Bel, Richmond, York3hire, aged 67. On the I9th inst., at Berwick-on-Tweed, Elizabeth, widow of the late John Miller Dickson, Fzq., of that town. On the.lOthinst., at Edinburgh, the Rev. James Mfonteith. Oa the 21st inst., in London. Juliatn Colver, aged 62, for nearly 50 years 3 faithful servant in the family of the late Johba Gore, &aq., of Harts, Woodford, Essex. On the 2'd inst-, at Brighton, Richard Benjamin Adnam, Esq., of '7, Crcss-street, Isliagton. aged 32° On the 22d iust., at Haslar, aged 49, Hamilton Henanig, Rnq., Sargeon IL-N. On Tuesday. the 22d inst., at Stratford Cottage, near Stroud, Edith, wife of Joseph oWatts HaUevwell, Esq., aged 23. On the 22d inst., at the Elms, South Norwood, Charles Hayward, elder Wn of the Rev. C. IL Arnold, aged four years On the 231 imst., at Greenwiich, Mis-s Jane Lethbridge, in the 79th year of herage. On Wednesday, the 2ad inst., Agnes, youngest daughter of George Smith, Enq., of Park-row, Greenwich, aged two years. On the 24th inst., in the %.th yearof his age, deeply regretted, Henry Clutterhuck, Ean,., M.D.. of New Bridge-street, Blackfriars. At 50. Norfolk-road, Brighton, of apoplexy. Mrs. Bentley, aged 9O. At Quatford Lodge, Stephen Wolryche, Esq., CaB., Inspector-General of Arny Hospitals
B0o1D and RESIDENCE; Harley:street Miiiision, ), Harley-street, Cavsssah-squie. Reterence,irsquired. BOARD and RESIDENCE.-VACANCIES for a MARRIED COUPLE, Ladies, or Gentlemen, at B A Bromptoei square. Terrms mmoderate. BPOARDand RESIDENCE.-12, Maichester-street, M manbes-quare.-VACANCIES for ladies orgnulenien, on moderatetermns. IQ2ARD and RESIDENCE WANTED, for ady, the west-end of noud aipnca sble Protestant family. Addre A. BL, post-ofEce. Mdonkstawn,Duln B OARD and RESIDENCE.-One or two ladies or gentlemen can be acconmmodatedwith the above, ina gentleman's tamily, where there is cheerful and musiical soiety. on extremely woedtateterns. Address 31. S. IO. Colehill-Etreet, Faton-quare. iOARD and E ESIDBENCE WANTED, by a young LDlaey uin the vicinity of the COrytt alace; Address, statig terams and full particulars, to Totus, post-o£ilce, 27, Southampton-row, Bussell-square. B OARD and RESIDENCE WANTED,bya mid- Ddle-aged lady, in a genteel faDi4. A comfortable bed room required. Termsthret guineas per month. Address free,_statiu gfull 'sculiar, to A. B., Mr. PreeceiJ 2, Theber -street, pper-street, L) OARD and LODGvING WfANTED near H[yde- Jiparli,in a scootorhr rate family,w by ayoung I'rench lady. Xot more than £130 a etar; or, if preferr wold gYe two or three lou (in the eveming) Prnch and music instead ofpayment. Address E.Wi., post-offlce. Lyall-place. Eaton-square..-. BQOARD and RESIDENCE are OFFERED in a highly reogpect4ble private family; in the best part of the city, to geutleiren requiring the CoLuforts of a home, with cheerful society on moderate terms. Address to A, B., care of Mr1. Maon, baker, ancras-lane, Queen-street, CbieaDaide' BOARD and RESIDENCE.-In a spacious houseb situAte in the best part of Clapham, ladies and gentlemen are offered select society, a liberal table, and every domestic comfort. A capital garden, extensive pleaswuo grouads, coach-houses and stablng attached to the establishment. Omnibuses pa;s the door. Address A. ., poet-office, Clapham-rise. BOARD and RESIDENCE may be obtained by a gentleman in a private family, of good position, occupying a spacious and elegantly furnished mansion-three reception rooms. Dinner at 7. Tbree servants kept. Terms £0 per annum, or by tle month atthe same rate.-J. P., Irook); library, Torri.gton-place, Gordonzquare, GOARD and RESIDENCE REQULRED, in Jliy next, for a nervous lady about 30 years of age, in the house of a medicalman. A cheerful home desired. In the neighbourhood of London, or ne3r a station on the Great Western Rail%ay, within an easy distance of townL Termis, including ail extras, not to exceed £10 perannum. References required. Address 1I. 2I. N., post-office, Bristol. BOARD and LODGING REQUIRED, for ; young gent eman, aged 19, in a healthy place, rangingu between Fiuilco and Shtaida hill, in a private family. A bed room will be require i forlils sole use. Application, with terrs and other particula, to be sent, poIt paid, to A, B., at Mesers. GaLden and Flower', 28, ]edford-rowv, London. OARD and LODGING, or Apartments only, at B Forest iulli, near the StatiosL-A marriedt coup)le or two gentlemen are oltered all the comforts of a private HOMNE, in a ellfurni.shed detached residence, pleas£antly situate, The roomes all hirge, and zevparate sitting room if required. Noyouagfamiy: Forcardsof address or letters apply toK A.., Mfr. Willoughby's, poet-office, Furestlull Station. (' tLI}FtN-Thcn Misses PERRY's BO)ARDIlNG EaTABLISHlMENT, 17 and 18, the Mall, Clifton, Bristo2. Privake sitti ag rooms if required, RUPERIOR 3BOARD.-A lady, residing in one of the best houses of Kensington-park- receives a limited number of BOARDIRSwmith allthe comforts ofa uome. Address to A, BE, at IYr. Woodruff's, 4, OxfOrd-terrace, }Keosineton-parlc, AGENTIIALN. engaged int the city during~ the Sada3? wishes for PART1A BOARD and LODGLYGS (inc udin:g wadss ith ia moran private fdruily ina^ qu iet part of the Wvest end, not more than 21 sours from St. Faults. Terms must be 'soderate. Addiess viith every particulaur, E. B., 27, WllYiiam-street,qIampsteart rond. A WIDOW LADY, having a largerlIOUSE than she X requires, in the vicinity of Brixton-road, is desirous of LETTING a PART to a single lady-more for the sake of society than remuneration. For furtherparticulars apply by letterdirected F A. Z., MewE. Hawtiu ana. Sons'. stationer, Bowv-lane, city, flYDE-PARK.-BOARD and RESIDENCE, with X a lWa-, reiding close to Kensington-gardens. who receives a limitednuumberofl.diesand gentlemen toreside withlher. Jlas at present two vacancies. References given and required. Apply by letter to J. G., Mfr. Bosworths, bookseller, 215, Regent-etreet. 0EMBfor one or twVo CHILDREN, under 10, wTith Hi ahIdyresidingclosetotheRegent's-park, wholhas thechlarge of one little girl, and whose inresnitting attention would be g,iven to their eduication, health, comfort, and religious training. Incusive term's £2Sper aonunx.-Y. Z., 10, Quen'sterrace, St. John's-wood. ^, idl vd GENTLE1V O M~X, of active, domesA`a'te'd`haibitse seelks a, H0O5n: in a pious family, wliere her srrNices in instructing the chhdren, assisting in housekeeping duties, or renderiog herself useful in any way not strictly menial. would be accepted as e4dvalent for her board. Address L. M., Morrell's, postoffice, 13, Well's-row. Islington. A N ELDERLY LADY is desirous of meeting with Cacomfortable HOME, in a quiet family, rdsidingon theSurrey slet of London, within six or seven miles of the bridges. Anen angeical mini-try in the neighbourhood is indispensabler Address, post paid, statingparticulars, to A.G., post-offce. Grove-tans,Caibervell. eONSUJMPTION and the DISEASES of WOMEN. c -Shropshire.-Establisuhent for InvaIid&-A iftoiied number of respectable PATIENTS RECEIVED for medical treatment. For terms, Ze., address Wm. Jackson, 3LD., Bishop's Castle, Shropshire. 1AIRFORD RETREAT, Fairford, Glocestershire. L -Tho above establishment ha been successfuUy coidnetedupwards of 30 years. It has now a few VACANCIES for INVALIDS of both Sexesrnentally afflicted. Terms Tery moderate. Particulars tobe obtained by application to Bfessrsa, lea the proprietors APAR IETS.HGeorge-street, Eanover-square.- To be LET. Furbished, a DRAWING ROOM SUITE of ROOMIS. Rent moderate for a permanency. Aplily at No. 12. APARTMENTS to be LET, well Furnished-a drawing room and bed room; an extra bed room if required. Terms moderate. Omnibuses pass the door every ten minutes. Apply at 8. New Chapel-plate, Xentish-town. APARTMENTS WANTE, Frnished, in the Alneighbourhood of the AngeL Islington, for a lady and gentleman, with use of Piano. Rent, is r1s e week, Address AD, 1,31, Noble-street, St 3lartiWn'sle-GraAnd APARTMENTS, Regent's-park.-A gentleman, dining from home, can be accommodated with a furnished drwIng and bed rooms adjoining, in a house where there are no children or other lodgers.-Mr. G. Murphy, agent, 28. Stanhope-street, Glocesterrend. Regent's-park. PARTkVIE: TS, Furinished-a handsome three- windewed drawinS room, bed and dressing rooms en sute-to be IET: if by the year, bO guineas. Nb extras. ALo.GroumdFioor furnished or not, withofflce, if required. E.xtrabed room. Ap at 35, Duk-street, St.James' Ai, PARTMEkNTS. Furniahed.-Immediately adjoin- ing Camden-square, and wiithin five minutes' walk from the railway station, FRONT and BIAC1{FPABLOlIBS to he LE:T, comfortably Furniehed. as sitting and bed room, in a private dwelling, where there are no children or other ledgers. Terms, with good attendance, from 14s. to 15s. per wveek. Apply to A. B., 13, Murray-street, Camden- JUiURNISHED APARTMIENTS-First and Eecond &.1 Floor-each consisting of three rooms, together or separate. Only very moderate terms are expected, emolument being a secondary consideration.-10, htarylebone-street, Regent's-quadrant. FUJRNISHED -APARTMENTS.-WANTED, in F the immediate neighbourhood of Myddelton-square, by two *-cn tlemen engaged during the day. a SITTING and TWO BED ROOMS Terms not to exceed Is. a week. Address AZ., 42, Upper Posoman street, Clerkenweil. FURNISHED APARTMtENTS.-A comfortable DRAWVING R.OOM and BED ROOM to be LT;, for a sin--le gentleman. Good furniture and attendanKce, and the requisites of a Herbert-street, NYew North-road. Y "3 APARTATE with Partial Bard.-Any gentleman engaged in the city during the day and requiring a realy comfortable HOIME, where there are no children, no lodgers, and only two in family, will findthe above at32, Glengall-;rove, Old ent-road, 5IiRRNISHED APARtTMEiNTS.-WANTED, bya gentlemant a well FURNISHEiD DRAWVING ROOM and one or two BED BrOS, with good attendance, Swhere there are nio other lodgers or children, in the neighbourhood of Highgate, Holloway, or oighrmy.Abdsdtreses. sstating ter-ms, to C., at lee.s Walters and Son's, FURNISHED A?PARTMENT.-WANTED, by a young gentleman, engaged in the citduringtheday,alarge shy APAieTMf ENT, furnished as bed and sitting room, with or without Partial Board, in the house of a quiet respectable family, where there are no otherlodgers, within 20 minutes'walkof the Bank. Address, statientgtermns,&c., to h. f., J. Onwhyn's, nevs agent, 1, Catherine- 1URNISHED APARTMENTS.-WANTED, for iF awidow lady without family, a well FURNISHED DRAWING ROOM, tWo good bed rooms and an empty attic for holding trunks zs., with good attendance ; plate and linen incuded. Cidren or other lodgers would be an objection. If liked, for a permanency Brixton, Clapham, or Raysywater preferred. Address, pestpaid, to -L M., post-oflice, Longbborough-road, Brixton. TNFURNISHiED APARTMENTS to be LET, V consistingofdrawingroom, twobed rooms, and kitchen. For particulars apply at 10, Canoubury-park south. Islington. TNFURNISHED.-The whole or Part of the upper part of a HOUSE to be LET, with attendn. Genteel nethbourh nep r the Great il eaterm oRSUV,&Y. Br,ferentorg ede rprtiow.rhoadtPdmily. Termsmoder&te,-h.B.,ll^etuyrsd Harrow-road, Paddington. IT INHURNISHED APARTMENTS W%A.NTED; ri consisting of sitting room, two bed rooms, and kitchen, at about five minutes' nalk from the Surrey side of London-bridge. Southwarkbridge-road, or the neighbourhood of the Dover-road or Trility-souare preferred. Address, Pie-paid, stating full rarticulars, to C. h. Mr. Co.e's. news agent, St. Saviour's churchyard, Borough. Other lodgers objected to. Unexceptionale references g.ven and require(L NFURNISIED APARTMENTS WANTED, for a lady and two daughters-a good sitting room and twvo bed rooms, with the use of kitchen, iU the bouse of a respectable tradesman or rimvte family, lvingwthin amile ard a hal circuntof Chasin cross. 0od references given and required. Terms IUSt be moderate, as it Is for a permanency. Address, stating terms and localty, to N. I, 41, Albany-street, Regent's-park. AL1BANY-STREET, overlooking the Pegent's-park. -To be LET. Furnished, On advantageous terms. nora period of 12 months, the UPPER PART of a HOUSE, comPrising a tirt and second Eoor, with conveniences below. Apply to Mir. J. Fuller, auctioneer, 161. Albany-street, Regent's-park. QUSSEXc-GARDENS, Hyde-pnrk (nctr to).-A < DRAWINh-G ROOMi FLOOR, with bed rooms over, to be LET, ina recently and handsomely furnished house of a private family, where a footman, Vith. other servants, iv kecpt. Addlresst to 8 B., mig's library. Sprng-,street, Susrex-gardeas, Byde-park. including attendance, cooking. booteleaning, &c., atf63A, Dean-street, Soho-square. No extras: only Is. per vwee's RALING.-APO a TBIENTS tobe LET, Furnished, .14in this pleasant village, consisting of twvobed roms and sitting rooms together or sep.trate. Terms moderate, A nIce garden. AccesRible by Great Western or South-Western Railvays. Oe nibus to the cottAge every hour, Adt rcss Mrs.oiddleton, Pendera's Cotter, near the old church. KENTISH-TOWN.-FUJRNISHED DRAWINAT ~R003I and BE:D ROOM to be LET, for a lady and gentleman. Termrls low. Situate within eight minutes'walk of North London Railwy, an thre mlnite walkof te Favurit withuredsctional prts. Apply at 185-, Tottenhalm-court-eroand ;or tiby oletter, to Mr. tewart, cg, A, CitY. JIEACE FESTIVITIES.-FoURNISeED APAT- tgEhTe , in theabest partAof Reget-street, dose to thchiefsites of therapproaching fPtes p celebration of peace. Spaious. drawing room andhod soon,, Ills,per week, or bedroomnslOs., with reductions. if for a longerPeriOd. Apply at If ovns, 5A, Q oadrant, Regentstreet. T.PO the MEMIBERS of the YOUN1G MIENs CERIS.LTIAN ASSOCIATrION.-Four or five younmg men. by associating together, can have a DRAWVING ROOM and BED ROOMS upon moderate terms, in arzepectable house in Bboomebury. For cards of address apply to the housekeeper of the Queen's-square Branch of the Association. TPO be LET the UPPER PART a first-rate J HOUSE, No. i, Victoria-street, Holborm, contaiting eight capital loftyrooms, water-closet, gas, &e. spaciousprivate entrance, and erand. Sttircase. SuitAble for ofes, DCoarding-house,or private residence. Aspept west,ooen , airy, cheerful, and healtby. Immediate Possession. ADPIy on premases. T0 be IET cheerfiL. heathy, conifortaxble FURCT NISH Thf-TS5U a country bouse,situatewithin 3 acesof ga>rdenana grasslandl A cow and poultry kept, horse, xkc near the Thames, within a quarter of an houfs wasr of a toivw and two railways. There are four be(dlrooms, dressing ditto, and two parlours, Board if required. Addres to 'Jr. Lovejoy, hook*elle; Rending. A LAUX and GkIN'LM ., residing in their owni hhOUJs E, in one of the eSt FtreetS nlear Firrey-squave. hich or by prefvrence fog-s permgency oprasonable terms -Theaddrs rSmiy be l2essd 51 Mrr. Lavspbay, aI, Great gtl4-gj3ef, ort
NAVAL .AND MILITARY INTBLLTGEYCE. A banquet was given at the RoyaI Naval College, Portsmouth Dockyard, last evening, to.theofficers of the Imperal French Navy who attended the review in His Imperial Majesty's corvette Dui Chayla conumanded by: Captain Longueville, whose offcers are Lieutenants Dewatre -and Tirard, Ensigns 'Carrey and A. Hamelin. The deputation on board consists of -the following officers:-Rear.Admiral Jurien de la Graviere; Captains Belveze, Pironneau, Didelot, Pothuan, Benic, Le Jeune, nd CVaperon ; Lieutenants E Hamelin, Zedd, Dubarquois Boelle, Touboulic, de Jonquiires, de Beaulieu,, HocquarV,, andLafont; Ensigns Le Roux de Villiers de Barbarin, Fleuriais, and Buquet, Commissaire de la Bnrinie The banquet was given by the-Adniiras and Captaisis of the fleet at Spithead. The College was s'nitably ";appointed'! for the occasion, and the dinnier was furnished fro the Crown and Sceptre, Greenwirch. ' The Erebus iron floating battery, built by irapier,'of Glasgow, arrived at Spithead on Wedneiday evening. Shi is the most seaworthy-looking of any floating battery yet seen at Portsmouth She was towed into harbour yesterday afternoon. *The hospital-ship Belleisle, Ouptain Hosken, was yesterday offlcially inspected at the Motlierhiir-1 by Sir Johnu Liddell, C.B., Director-General of the Meedical Department of the Navy, who expressed himself highly gratified with the hospital arrangeuients made by Medical Inspector 3EKeehnie, Dr. Beith, Staff Surgeon, and the rest of the medical staff. She has now 9o invalids on board from the fleet at Spithead. The Lords of the Admiralty visited the fleet at Spithead yesterday in the Black Eagle. . Their ILordships' flag-lieu. tenant for the day of the review (Mfr. W. Lang, May12, 1842, of Hler Majesty's ship Iogue) they have promoted to the rank of commander. Two new iron mortar floats, Nos. 114 and 115, built at Messr. Mare's, arrived at Woolwich on -Wednesday evening, and were yesterday morning taken into basin for fit3nent. There still remain at Messrs. Scott. RusseLl's esablishment some eight or ten gunboats in proceis of being built, and which, according to the stipulation with Government, are yet to be completed. Messrs. Pitcher's contract for supplying a stated number of mortar floats is also unfulfilled. The Alma contract Ordnance vessel is being laden from Woolwich Arsenal with shrapnel and other shot and shell for Portsmouth; and the Inkermann is taking in a cargo of mortar beds and gun carriages for the same port. The daily number of mortars and guns under proof at the Arsenal-butt, Woolwich, is now reduced to the small amount of four or five. The transit of bombshells and shot to and from the various departments of the Arsenal grounds has almost ceased, and given place to the vast preparations for the greatfiteshortlytotakeplaceinLondon. Someofthe Emachinery in the great laboratory-room has been removed to clear a space for the preparation of focket tubes and other pyrotechnic materials. The paddlewheel steam sloop Virago, 6, made a trial of her engines from Plymouth to the Eddystone'on Wednesday afternoon. The sloop Grecian, 12, Commander George Blane, in Hamoaze, had her masts taken out on Wednesday. Her crew are ordered to be paid off to-day. The steam-frigate Liffey, building at No. 3 slip in Devonport Dockyard, is intended to be launched on the 6th of May. The forefoot and timbers of the Captain hulk., burnt in HEamoaze in 1813, have been raised, and were deposited in Devonport Dockyard on Weednesday. Yesterday the Emperor (screw steamer), Kangaroo, afid Bahiana sailed from Liverpool for the Crimea with stores anid ammunition. TheywillbringbackBritishtroops. To-day detachments of the 2d Dragoons and 8th and 11th Hussars will embark at Liverpool for Dublin, which place the 17th Lancers will shortly leave for LiverpooL Among the experiments which are to carried out at the engineering works attached to the head-quarters of the Royal Sappers and Miners at Brompton Barracks, Chatham, the formation of ovens for baking bread and cooking the food of the troops in the open air will'occupy the attention of the directors of this corps. Arrangements are being made among the soldiers occupyinlg the huts at Prince Edward's Bastion for the erection of ovens for baking while the troops are on field service. A memo, ias, signed by about 100 Paymasters of the army, has been presented to Lord Panmure, in which they beg his Lordship to recommend the state of that branch of the service to Her Majesty, that she may be pleased to grant some improvement in the pay and rank of Paymasters, to compensate for their increased responsibility and the additional work they have to perform, and to place them in the same position as other ranks of the service who have been benefited under recent warrants. The memorial refers to various disadvantages under which Army Paymasters latourIlarge amounts pass through their hands, and much labour is entailed upon thenx from the compUcation of accounts arising from various causes. Another allegation in the memorial is that the introduction of railways has caused a great increase of their labour. It is also stated that great improvements have taken place in the promotion of officers, froom which the memorialists are absolutely debarred. They then contrast their position with that of Navy Paymasters to show that it is much more favourable than their own. Having stated these alleged disadvantages, the memoiialists proceed to make various suggestions as to the rank which they should hold on appointment and after certain length of service, and also in regard to an increase of pay. They then pray that some modification may be made respecting their retirement. To this memorial the following answer has been received from Sir B. Hawes, the Secretary of the War Department, dated April 14, directed to Paymaster Burney, Dep6t Battalion, Preston:- " Sir,-I am directed by the Secretary of State for War to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 22d of January, enclosing a memorial signed by yourself and other Paymasters of the Army, and to acquaint you that Lord Panmure, having given it a fTul consideration, has coinented t to the honorary rank of MEajor being conferred upon those I Paymasters who may retire upon half-pay after a service of 30 years, but his Lordship can see no grounds for granting honorary rank to this class of officers while on full pay, nor Ifor increasing the rate of retirement allowed to them by the warrant of the 6th of October, 1854." t ~~~THE MILITA. The Victoria Rifle Corps will muster for target practice ievery Wednesday afternoon during the sumnmer months at itheir shooting ground. at Kilburn. Dusring the war this ground was in daily use by the recruits of the Household~ IBrigade of Guardss. t I
THE MArn.-The new Canadian Mal Coompany's steamship North American sailed from Liverpool for Quebec and Montreal on Wednesday with 159 passengers and a large cargo. The British and North American Mail steamship America will sail for Boston to-morrow, letters being received at the Post-office until 10 a.m., with late fee until 11, and at the landing-stage at 12 noon. PSAIODY,The quesion of psalmody in connesion with the Presbyterian churches has long been a sub-. ject of discussion. ' Yesterday at the Synod sitting at Liverpool it was recommended that a collection of hymns and paraphrases should he adopted by the congregations. ING'S COLTEGE, LONDON.-The annual court of the governors and proprietors of this College was held yesterday, the Earl of Harrowby in the chair, supported by the Earl of Faversham, Sir T. Phillips, Archdeacon Ham-. son, Dr. Self, the Principal of the College, &c. A lengthy report was read, which stated that the number of stidents during the last term had been as follows :-Matriculated students and preparatory class, 73; general literature de-. partment, 84; applied sciences, 58; military, 6; medical, 172. Occasional students.-Medical, 22- other departments, 72. Students at the lectures on &ommercial Law; 110; students at the evening classes, 212; the school, 435 -making a total of 1,244. The number of students in the theological department was nearly the same as it was at the date of the last -eport, as was likewise the number of certificated students who had been sent forth during the past year duly qualified to become candidates for holy orders. The total number of students qualified in the course of eight years was 184. The department of literature anm science, in consequence of the improvements in its organization during the last two years, mlad reached a state of efficiency beyond all precedent. In reference to this matter, taken in connexion with the question as to civil service examinations, the Council were of opinion that the standard of merit which Her Majests Commissioners hbd adopted was calculated not only to raise the character and prornote the efficiency of the public service, but to improve the tone of education throughout. the country-an observation which applied with equal force to the RoyalEngineers and the Royal Artillery. One more student in the Ch inese class had boon addedl by the Earl of Clarendon to the eight Chinese students interpreters. already recommended to his Lordship during the last term; and four more members had received the piromise of similar nominations. Thus, within the space of two years, no less tlhan 13 students had made sufficient progress in this most difficult and anomalous language. The departsent of. 'applied sciences had received a iarge accession to the, number of its students, aind -there was every probabilit'y that the number would be still further increased. The mih- tary department had been stationary, owing to the war and. to the uncertaisty which prevails regarding the qualifica tions expectedfrom candidates for commissions in Her MIa-. Jestys aimnnf The medical school had sufferedles diminution in point of numbers than would be in proportion to the total number of students registered as in attendance at the several metropolitan schools. In regard to the department of 'civil service and commerce the counrcil had been induced to suspend its functions for the present. The accounts for the past yearshowed a balance of receipts over expenditure, and that the liabilities of the College were decreased by 5OSL ls. 7d. The receipts from every department except one had been less than in 1854, but on the other band, the expenses had decreased in a greater proportion than the incomne. The report wag adopted and thze usual formal releo]utcps were agre6d to.
- - - -ER - MAJESTTS IHEA E. TEE - The official prospectus for the forthcoming season of 30 nights has just been issued. In addition to the information we have already published it contin:=some newpartculars of interest -To the list of pnime donne an important name remains to be &dded,-viz., that of Mademolselle Johanna Wagner,-the controversy about whom, betn.een the rival houses, in 1852, must be fresh in: thc memory of mnost of Our readers' Who interest themselves in matters connected vyith the Opera. The catalogue of Otsi has lso received a strong reinforcement in Signor -Belletti, so well Sownuto theLondonpublic. The theatre is to open, according to . the programme, . on the lOth of May, with Madame Alboni in the Cenmontjla, and a ballZt dirertniezme, entitled lc zeuatre - Saion. kademoiseleePiccoiomii is tomal;e her first appearanco .hortly after, in Verdi's Traveia4, followed by. Xdame Albertinii in the same composer's-,Trjowor4 with Madame Alboniasthegipsy. The debut of Wademoiselle Wxgner will, we are advised, come off in Bellini's Cap0cldet c4f6ntkcdli, early in June, the part of Romeo being, to all ac-. counts, one of that lady's most celebrated assumptions. : For the ballet, bisidei MadeiMoiselle Rosati-wiho is ioD appear in Le Cor.azi e, now performing vith great success at the Academie. Imperiale (the prospectus tenrs it - oyale") in Paris-an old favourite, Mademoiselle Marie Taglioni, is announced, together with M. Paul Taglioni,- as l Matre," and a host of corpph<ies (including the well-known Mademoiselle Rosa). AM. Tolbecque and Nadaud resmne their ancient posts as leader of the orchestra and conductor of the ballet, and Ali. Marshall is. at the head of the'scenepainting departmbnt. . The name of the new chef. d'orehestre, Signor Bonetti, has already been mentioned. The orchestra and chorus have both, it is announced, been carefully selected- Other ir* rangements, we are informed, are still pending. As it stands. however, the prospectus ws sufficiently attractive,and, if carried out to t.he letter, will give considerable rCit to the reopening of Mir. 3:umnley's establishment, after an interval of three seasons.
ROYAL ITAZIAN OPERA. Madame Bosio, having recovered from her indisposition, made her first appearance last night,. as Adina, in the Elisir 'Aimore. She was honoured with a very warmnrecep. tion; and her singing-though here and there some slight remains of hoarseness were evidentI-displayed, throughout the opera, those excellent qualities for which it has been so often eulogized. Her execution, as usual, was remarkable for fluency and ease, while her ornaments were as much to be commended for good taste as for the perfect manner in vuhich they were invariably accomplished.. The opning of ihe &sratana (Act II.), where Adina restores to Nemorino the contract she has purchased from Belcore, was delivered with genuine sentiment; and the cabaZeta was at oncoe briLliant and finished. The acting of Mcdanme Boaio as the village coquette-at first so cold, and then so generous and sympathetic-w as, though never ambitious, accompanied by a certain grace which could not fail to chairm, if only because it was natural and unaffected. She was recalUed with * Signor Ronconi, after the duet in which Adina triumphantly defies the charlatan, and again at the end of the opera.
REW PHILHARATONIC SOCIETY. The secondconcert,which took placeonWednesdaynight, was interest$ing,inasmuchasit resentedtwo novelties of impoetance-vizx, a syinpliony(Vo. 2) by fr.Gounod, composer of the o,era of Sauppho, and an overture entitled Homae4 by Mr. dae;farren. The symphony of the French musiciaualthough admirably executed, under the direction of 5ir. Benedict, who assumed the conductor's baton at this concert -hardly justifies the praises which have been lavished upon it by some of the Parisian critics. It is in many places a Dl ere caricature of Beethoven, the influence of whose Eroica, and other works, is strongly manifest throughout. We do not wish to condemn so lengthy and ambitious a composition after a single hearing, but must confess that the opinion we derived was not very favourable eithef to the invention or the musicianship of the French composer. The instramentation is clear, and sometimes brilliant; but the general conduct of the work is patchy and obscure. Although Mr. Macfarren's new overture was not half so well played as the s3 mphony of x. Gounod, the impression received from its performance induced us to place it above any other orchestral effort of its composer, in breadth of design, boldness of colouring, and originality of style. Both pieces were listened to throughout wiit great interest, and warmly applauded. The overtures were Weber's Euryanthe and Mozart's (too scldom heard) Cos! fan Tutti. There were two instrumental solos-Spohr's concerto, NTo. 7, for the violin, and Beethoven's in G, for the pianoforte. The first-an admirable composition, too rarely heard-was executed by AL Sainton with masterlysll. The second introduced Dr. Wylde's clever pupil, Master John Barnett, once again to the public, andin a more favourable light than on any previous occasion. The playing of this yonng gentleman disclosed a vigour and mechanical ease which alone would call for praise, without taking inlto account tE4e iamirable correctness of his reading, or the effort of nenic.- involved in the fact of his dispensing altogether with the printed music. The applause bestowed upon both concertos was of the most enthusiastic description. The vocal music comprised a bass sir (vith clorus) from Spohr's Jessonda, sung by Herr Ro'itansky ; an air from 3iozart'. CRnzenza di Tite, and a scesan of Auber, both allotted to Miss Sherri,n, a; and a prettypart-songby Pearsall, weU execrls&i > the chorus, anud redemauded. The concert was altog ther one of great inter-est. The rooms were crowded. _ -
TO THE EDITOA OF 4 TH TI2S. Sir,-In the police report in your paper of this day there appears an account of the investigation of a chage made by a person Dained Eliza Perkins against. a poiiceman for an assault, wherein it is stated to have been asserted by Eliza Perkins that she had formerly lived with Mr. Protheroe, and that she was left destitute with three young children the naternityof whom is questionable. We are desired by Mr. Protheroe, as his solicitbrs, to give the'nost positive and unqualified contradiction to the statement that Eliza Perkins ever lived with him, as also to the issinuation that he is the father of the children or any of them, and to state that we have every reason to believe that the vhole proceeding referred to in the repolt arose out of a conspiracy with peersons of known bad character to extort money froma him. As Mr. Protheroe had not an apnortunity of positively ccntradictiag the assertion before the magistrate, we will feel obliged yur ns rtnthsletterin your paper. BROWNTE kD WILLUMS. IV, nalgaret-stree;, uavenMsU-square, April 23.
OrEnA TIcKT.s.-Some time since complaints were made of the manner in which tho public was imposed ipon with regard to concerts given by Madame Jenny Lind Gtoldschmidt and her husband at Exeter-hall and Hanoversquare. Even when early applications were made for tickets at Mr. Mitchell's, in Bond-street, where they had been amnounced for sale, very often none could be had. Advertisements in the newspapers, however, directed purchasers to other offices. At these a higher price was demanded, and on the days of the concertsthe most extravagant sums were asked for and obtained. Many were inclined to attach blame to MIr. Mitchell, Madame Goldschmidt's sole agent, but in real truth Mlir. Mitchell had no more to do with the transactions than the Swedish lady herself. If tickets were applied for at his establishment, he of course could not refuse to sell them at the authorized prices, and thus a very large number fell into the hands of speculators, who look-ed to an exorbitant profit in return for their risk, and wrested it from the pockets of unconseious purchasers. A similar system, it seems, has for a long time prevailed with regard to the Itahan Opera houses. None can object to the moderate gains of librarians, who take boxes and stalls at the beginning of the season, and at reasonable prices, braving the chances contingent upon bad businmss, and long credit, which not seldom ends in loss. These materia ly assist the management, and help to maintain the theatre. Bnt such honest dealers must not be confounded wvith a certain tribe of hawkers and vendors, who, whenever there is the anticipation of an unusual demand, get all they can, at ordinary prices, from the box-office, and, addressing themselves to the public as bond $de agents, double and treble the charges for admnissions of every description. The memorable " farewel" of Madame Gris3 n 1S54 cannot be forgotten. On that occasion everything to be had from the theatre was greedily taken at double terms. The management was consequently a gainer, and, the occasion considered, not unfairly. But the pubhl was mercilessly taxed -to such an extent, indeed, that, as niay be remembered, the house was onlythreepartsfilled, theunprecedentedp-ices claimed for stals and boxes by people unconnectedeitlherwith the opera or the regular trade having deteried a grerit many from purchasing. The system is practised, we believe, just now to a considerable extent; and, judging from information we have received, greatly to the inconvenience and annoyance of opera-goers w-ho, with neither the means nor the wish to possess boxes, stalls, or free admissions, for the whole season, are, nevertheless, desirous of visiting the theatre on particular nights. The only resource left to such persons, when they have applied too late at the box-office, is to obtaia tickets from one of the offices in the neighbourhood, where they are advertised for sale, at charges more or less excessive, zccording to the peculiar nature of the entertainment. Some are persuaded to give whatever is asked sooner than 1e cheated of their anticipated pleasure; others decline. Thus,those who yieldareforcedtopay "throughthenose"' or those who wiD not-as in certaini establishments gcod debtors are indirectly made to reimburse the losses accruing from bad ones. The offices in question are established as near as practicable to the theatre itself, that the unwary may suppose they are in connexion with it. Their owners are said not merely to have agents for the purchase of tickets, hut "touters" to arrest passers by. The chief sufferers are, of course, persons rem the country, foreigners, ind strangers to the Opera generally. To such as these, who, ignorant of the ways of Iondon, have no means of redress, it is even -tated that amphitheatre stalls have been sold for it stalls, ;nd second tier boxes for boxes on the first tier. -We have heard of a no less 5ngenious contrivance than a model of the. aheatre, vith a slide bwhich concealed the lower (or grand) 1ier of boxes, an&d thus made the second tier assume ,he appearance of the first, ind the third of the second. Now, while theserextreme cases must be as rare as they are dishonest it would be wel for those really terested in the- Qpera to useetheir best exertions either to limit the traffic or pjif a stop to it, since nothing can be more natural in one u-ho has been-duped than to blame the mansgtment, if net actually to suspect there has bn- con-- mvance. etter -eeu irnitate, on nights of more than ordinary interest; the exQample of Mlr. Barnum, and invite. the public to anauctioa, at hich the various places are ultimately knocksd down to the highest bidders
-ZOCAL CHARGES UPON SHIPPING. - This Commnittee met ye ay i om -o. 11, r Lowein the chair. - The first witness examined was Mr. 3L Collins, Chxlrman of the Chamber of Commerce to the Staffordshire Potteries, and a member of the firm of Minton and CoD china and earthenware manufacturer3. He sid -that his f -in passed upwards of 100,000Otons of clay annually through the port I of ILiverEo, which had to pay the towvn-dues, and upwaras 1 of 200,0 packages 'were exported, and those going to Run- I corn orLaverpool had also to pay the dues. The packa ens paid 2L each, whatever the ase ightbe, and they often varied frbm 2 cwt. to 15 cwt- The total amouont paid for town-dues was nearly 4,OOO., and the question s, there. fore, one of considerable importance to his firm and others as any charge-upon-the -raw-mate3ial affected their power of competing with other places. They considered the dues were not justly chargeable, as there sno consideration gven in retura for them. The iron trade also suffered considerably fror these dues pig iron being charged 3d perton, andmanufactured iron CA per ton. By Mr. Duscs_r.-Cl&y cost delivered 18s. to 20s. a-ton, and fLnt 25s. to 28s., the tax- upon clay beimg 3d., and 3Eint ld. By Mr. HORSIFAII.-Two-thirds of the clay manufactured at the Potteries were for exportation, and the greater part was exported in consequence of orders received throu"h LiverpooL The dues would,- therefore, be paid by tihe exporters. By Mr. MoTFrAT-Wboever paid the dues, it was a tax upon the trade, and itraised the-price of the artides I By Mfr. Fwrcu-If these dues were applied 1l the improvement of the Mersey the manufacturers would notcomplain of them. By Mr. HORSFATT.-The Newcastle mnanufacturers had an advantage over those of Staffordshire in having no inland carriage to pay. He was not xware that the corporation-of Newcastle only received 7-12ths of the town dues, the balance going tothe conservators of the Tyhe. ' - Mr. WV. Rigby, merchant and shipowner at Runcorn, said he had been in business for 30 years and was a member of the Runcorm Commission. Runcorn had no corporation, and, the act of Parliament gave them no pow er over the river Mersey, and he thought the inhabitants of Runcorn had no rght to py the dues to LiverpooL ' The tonna ge of Runcorn inwards was 100,000 tons, and' between 50,000 and 60,000 tons outwards. Upon this tonnage 2.500l. were paid as town dues to Liverpool, and no vessel was allowed to lear at the Custom-house unless it produced a receipt for the town dues. The cost of collecting these dues was 600!. Runcornlevied a poor-rate and also a comnuissioners' rate upon these 4ues, amounting to about 10 per cent., but ther-would rather be without this advantage if the dues could be removed. Runcorn also paid 9001. per annum for buoys and lights to the corporation of Liverpool, but no lights or buoys were provided, and'the Bridgewater trustees and the ship. owners were compelled to raise a sum for this purpose by voluntary contribution. By Mr. HosFA'L-I-He was aware that "flats' were not charged this tax for lights, but only- seagoing vessels. - 'By the CTAsnLAcx.-Ships of 300 tons burden could get up to Runcorn, but the navigation was extremely difficult. The buoys w-ereobliged to be altered every fortnight in consequence of the changes in the bed of the river. Runcorn hwad some years ago a very large trade in iron, but it was nowr extinct, and witness attributed this to the operation ot the town dues. He did not think the trade of P.uncorn generally had declined. The dues on wheat were Is. 4d. a- ton; oats, 8d.; and other grain, ls. By Mr. DuNcAN.-The whole local taxation of RuLU corn was 3,000!., and the dues paid to Liverpool 2,500s. Wr. A. Sinclair, secretary, to the St. Helen's Canal and Railway Company, said the company he represented -were owners of a railway which terminated in two docks on the Mersey-one at Garston, four miles from Liverpol, on-the north shore, and the other directly opposite lmuncorn, at Witness. They were also owners of a canal terminating three miles east of Runcorn. St. Helen's had alarge trade in coals, and had several large glassworks. He complained of the dock dues, as the directors of the St. Helen's Cornpany were expressly prohibited from sitting on the Dockl Committee, and thus having any voice in the expenditure. by a clause in the Liverpool Dock Act Vessels which entered the. St. Helen's Company's docks had to pay the Liverpool dock dues whether they went near Liverpool or not. With regard to the town dues, wituess thought Liverpool had no reght to levy them-over the whole Castoms port, but only within the boundaries of the original borough. The question had never been tried, owing, as witness believed, to the enormous expense that would be incurred by any person who might attempt to raise it. The exports and imports of Liverpool amounted to nearlv 100,00,0002. annuaLly, upon which they levied town dues to -the amount of 100,{R)0!., or 10 per cent., but vessels frequenting the St. Helen's docks were only taxed to the extent of 1 per cent. Witness read to the comunittee the act by which the Customs' offlcers were authorized to detain vessels until the dock dues were paid, but he was not aware of any authority for asImilar detention until the town dues were paid. The latter was a passing toll, and nothing more. ,By Mr. HoRSFAsL.-He was aware that the amount levied for buoys, lights, and telegraphs was expended upon the river, though not between Runcor n and Liverpool, and itness thought it wvould be perfectly just to tax the w;hole of the shippi3g at ive3pool ror buoying , lighting the whole of the llerrey up to Runcorn. Mr. H. Ashworth, of the O.':, near Bolton, Vice-Pre-ident of the anchester Chambcer of Commerce, said he was authorized to speak the sentiments of thait body. The attention of the chamber had been frequenily directed to the proceedings of the Liverpool Corporation vith regard to the dock and town dues-more paricularly with regard -to the town dues. Witness proceude to road at considerable length the various petitions presented to the House of Commons by the Manchester Chamber of Commerce, com- plaining of the imposition of the dues,: and expressinlg their satisfaction at the introduction of a measure for the pur-pose of abolishing passing tolls, Witness proceeded to state Ithe effect of the dues upon various articles of commerce. In the case of raw cotton, which was the article of greatest importanice, the consuption in Great Britain diuring the past year was 40,403 bales per week, or 2,100,936 per annum, which at 3d. per bale would amount to 17,507l. for tova dues. The cotton when mnanufactured was to a great e.xtent exported, and hence the same cotton upon w.hich the dues had been paid in the raw state was again charged with them in the manufactured state, and if the cotton should be sentas yamu to Irelandand Scotland it wvould be sent back to Mjanchester in the fonu3 of cloth, and -t,he towvn dues would be levied for a third time. The pressure upcon individuals it wvas difficult to estimate; but, taLing the ease of a person who workednup 103 bales of cotton per week, he wrould pay 431. 6s. as town dues upon the rawv material, and so on in proportion. These dues were inl addition to the dock dues, as a bale of cotton payintg 2d. for tow;n dues would pay 6Id. for dock dues. Witness said, his remarks applied to every article, from the houses over head to the shoesnunderfoot; nothing escaped the exacting grasp of the Liverpool corporation. In 1776 the number of articles upon which the town dues were payable was 103, as stated on the brass plato at the Custom-house. They wiere nowv said to exceed 600, and many articles not even named were charged. The freemen. of Liverpool hada very great advantage over others, to the extent of 25,0001. a-year. Witness was about to read a letter from a Liiverpool merchant toillustratethe advantages possessed. by freemen, when Mr. Horsfallobjectedto it bemng road without the name being given. The room was cleared for the commsittee to decide the point, and on being readmnitted, Witness continued his evidence by observing, in addition to the abolihion of thesepassing tolls, Manchester claimed from Parliament a new dock trust for Liverpool, and that the managers should be elected from the districts they were intended to serve. Hethonghtthe docksatLiverpool had been erected at a most extravagant outlay, and the purchase of land made imn manner very questionable, and the docBs stood now at a sum of money far beyond what they ough7t for comdmercial purposes. w n By Mer. Ct xt xosrt.-e was not awtare that the purchases ere made by a jury, nor did he anow that the rates levied in Liverpool were more than in Manchester. The Committee then adjoumred until Monday next at 12 o'c weelock, he would pay 431.6s.as t-
MR. SYMONS AND ROTARY MOTIOR2. TO THEB EDITOR OF TIIE TIMES. Sir,-Mr. Jelinger Symons will perhaps be able to nnderstand the nature of the motion which puzzleshim by the following illustrationx Let him take a common compass and place it at the extremity of one of the anms of a turnstile. When the turnstile has gone half round let him look at the comnpaEs and he will find that the northern end of the needle points to the south of the card. By the time the turnstile has goe all the way round the needle will again (as at first) point tD the north of the card. low, here it is very plan that either the needle has moved on its axis round the card er the card has nerformec a revolution on that which is the common asis of itself and the needle. My Symons'e eye -%illinform him that the former is not the case, and consequently it is to be hoped that his reLson will no longer question the latter. The fact seems to lbe that Her Majesty's Inspector of Schools believes rotary motion can only be performed abonit; a fixed axis, or, at le.st, that the phrase should be confi-.e& to that particular case. I am. Sir. Tour obedient servant_ CANTABRIGcTINS
TO THE EDITOlb OP THE TIMES Sir,-living in the immediate vicinity of St. Mragaret's churchyard, and knowing the great inconvenience th;t has resuilted from the scant manner in which it has hitherto been lig,hted, more espeoialDy on the A\bbey side, wrhere the traffic is greatest, I vould suggest, while the churchyard is. closed, that a suficient ntumber of lights be placed along that side of the yard, it being very unsafe in its preseng condition for the public, more particularly women, to cross after dusk. Trusting you will find space for these few lines in yccr valuable paper, 1 remain Sir. son- nnt>: i - n 'IREDX.- P. NICHULLs- Mt. DMgag Vs.s street, Westbinster, April 24.
THE CoNDnox oF - ThDn= STATES.-Whilet the politicians are quarrellingaboutabstractLssues, in which the sober, indusrious, intelligent, working part of th.e people of the country take no deep interest, it may be worth our while to look at the figores, to see how many there are of us, how much we are worth, and how we are prospering in the great race of nations. We are the better able to dothis, because, as severalof theStates have had careful s.afisticians atwork at the censas for the year IS5, and in the others by partial returns, we can make a fair estimate of' their present condition. A table has been prepared which shows that between 1850 and 1855 the popolation of the 'Union increased by 16 2, and the wealth of the country by 43-1 per cent. There is matter for mnuch thought. in these fi=ures. Following out -what seems tohave been the destiny of the race, we see our pcpnlatioa moving steadily towards the West. We find its. fertile prairies enriched by Eastern enterprise-its primeval forests traversed by railroads laid down by Eiastern carital, and the stillness of its great rivers brolken by the nadd]ewheels of countless steamboatssupported by Evstern norey. We find the population of the West increasing tvice as rapidly as that of New England, four times as zanidly ;Ls that of the South Atlantic States, and nearly kE .i g I" vith that of California, which has the inducementof pehF superadded to a fertile soil and a delicious cliate>. Tbe territories ran farahead of California, and show an astoNiing increase both in wealthani population. TisisaL}fer proof that agriculture is considered more prefitahe than mining, even where the latter pursuit brings a-nca,.- and ample return for labour. Our corn is a suirosource of prosperity to us than our-gold. The latter. X;. yet turn out to be a curse, and its ad effects are alresd; visible in that inordinate appetite for lunuriesand lavish. display -which seems to pervade all clxsass of soclety. i'x_perience-tAhe best teacher-shows us that when a pecplebecome effeminate and luxurious they a-e not far from, ruin. We think,however, that in this count-Y, vnth its constant infusion of fresh blood and new energy by ismigration, there is no great dan per at present. e retur.sabovenoticed do notshowit. 'hev rather g:ve-usa plelvant assurance that we are a very rich and a very grcat naf,on. If alltheassessedpropertyin the United States weTe er-uajly divided, each man, woman, and child would have 9. As certainlv two-thirds of the property escapes aszeEsst-ne, it will be fair to increase this sum to $1,000. No cther courntry in the world can show anything like this. Anmother cMCtr'- fact apocars by these igares. We -would commend it to all the abolition agitators as a good point for their fped;es. In the Middle and Western States, which zae gencrrily Conservative, and where the people general'y attend to their own affairs, we have a large increase in wealth and pop-mation. TheSouthern States, onthe Atlanticseaboard, ar.dthe NewEngland States, which arenoted fortheirtfiery and radicalopinions, and forwaginga continual svr of -ord, to ro' gOod end, show a com tivelysmaU increase. E-at res savery is not responsOe for this is seen in thefa t^a the South-western slaveholding States have incased in population and wealth mearly twice as rapidly as the New Ingland States, which are continuallyshieking fr freedom. The chief cause of the diminution of populaticn of both sections is emigration to the west; but this operates more owerfully on the Southern Atlantic States than upon New lngnLd Thme Planter in Virgitiia or the Ca-roanas finds his land exhzisted, and inigrates to, ancther and more fertile district in Louisiana or 3ississippi; vwen he goes he takes from 10 to 100 slaves, who are counted in the population; but the New England farmer, whLn he leaves for Iowa or Kansas, takes nothiDg with him bnt a Yankee girl, a few "notions " to speculate upon, sad a small invoice of the Tract Societys publications. TIey both do well, however, in the several spheres of life to wh.ch they are called. There is matter in all this for ser:ous reflection, gentlemen of the nigger.worshipping faction. It is gratifying6 to know that we get rich faster twe get populous, the relative increase of wrealth being double that of population in five yeers. AltoSether, Yroung .aneriea is doirng pretty welL. 3Ie has multiplied his population 25. tinmes since he cut awFayfromn Idistress Bratania's apron-strings, and le now competes with her on the seas, which she has ruled for a century and a-half. Heis ready to build steainships or clippers with her-to buy with her and. sell with her-to eat, drink, or fight wvith her-jugesashe pleases. Go ahezci. -2fiS, Yorl- Heratlt.
PARBLAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE. BOUSEl OF LORDS, MuurmwAY, ArRi 24. the IORD - -CrACELLOR took his seat upon the woolsack at 5 o'clocs. The Earl of ST. GEBXANS presenteda petition from thq mayor, the Parliamentary rpresentatives, flve 7nastrates, mine aldermen, 27 town councillors, and tuany merchants, manfacturers, artisaws, and other inhabitants of the city of Xanchester (in all 748 sign tures) in favour of the Marrage awAmnendmentBill. Aio apetition to the same effect from Brighton, signed by 700 influential persons4 including the naycrand othcrinember of the corporation; anda another, froma 3,1397 inhabitants of Huddersfield, in favour of legzliziag marniage wth a deceased vwife's sister. lord GAGE presented several petitions of a similar STATEO OF ITS:LY. Iord LYN'DURST gave notice that on an early day he intended to call the attention of their lordships to the state ef Italy, and the conltinued moilitary occupation by Austria cf extensive portions of that country beyond 'her own limits. thereby creating great and general dissatisfr.ction,i disturbing the political equilibrium, and endangering thc \srce of pe, EYGItSF AND SCOTCH MtARRIAGE LAW. Iord BROUGHA- had to present a petition ihaving a s:rong claim on their lordships' attention, and especially on the attention of the noble and learned lord on the wool. Eack, the Lord Chief Justice (Lord Camphbel, and his noble and learned friend behind him (Lord Lyndhurst). It emar.ted from the magistrates of the county of Cuinberl land assembled in quarter sessions, who approached tbejl ]ordshiPswith a complaint-a complaint he believed, only too weR grounded-of the evil copsequtences reuti"fr, rni t-he confuict betw.eeil rhoe marrage lawrsi^ hgiaDd and Scotland olt the border of thc two comntries. This digraceful ,ate of things, urnassing in its anomalousness and abst anythig to&be found in any other civilized region, ws e higllypre idicialto the morality of the people, atd called loudly for a decisive remedy. The evilwasnot confined, to Cumberland,bute.xteudedtomanyothercounties,whereall restraint uponimpro6ident marriageswasremovedby the conk titguity of a country in which a totally ifferent law existed. On the coterminous counties of England Lord Hardwicke's net was a perfect dead letter, imprutdent unions being frequently contracted without the knowledge of parents, friends, or guardians. The petitioners alleged that since the beginning of November last upwards of 100 of these mariages had been celebrated at Gretna-green, and that at another place, where the register was kept at s publichouse, 400 more were solemnized, the parties to which appeared to have been under the indluence of the stinmulants vended in those establishments. All that the petitioners desired was that an end shoutld be put to that disgraceful conflict of the laws of marriage -which enabled a man by moving his residence a couple of yards to evade the law of England. No doubt it would be impossible to legislate exclusively on the question of zriage. Divorce must also form a portion of any measure troduced on this subject. The going to Scotland to obtain a marriage being no more a violation of the English law than the going there to procure a divorce, it would be necessary to place both questions on the same footing; and a residence in Scotland of at least a fortnight in the case of marriage, and of not less than a mouth or six weeks in the case of divorce, should be required. It was assuredly time that there should be an end of a system vwhich permitted such absurdities as that of a man being married in Scotland and not married in England, and of the issue of a marriage being legitimate on the north side of the Tweed and iUle.iimate n the south. Lord CAIMPBELL was of opinion that the present state of the marriage lawv was most disgraceful and mischievous. Along the whole border, from the German Ocean to the Western Sea, it was productive of the most immoral effect, and in the interest alilke of Scotland and of England it ws desirable that the law should be amended. The Earl of 3LINTO represented the present state of thc marriage Law as equally grievous for England and Scotlnd, and hoped that a better system would soon be introdluced. The Earl of ABEREIREN', while admittin- that evil might exist under the present system, expresses his belief in the practicability of remedying it without altering the law of cotland, a lav; to which the people of that countr3 were devotedly attached, and the good elfects of which were sufficiently manifest. He was especially hostile to the bill ntroduced in 1835 by the noble lord opposite, and hoped that such a measure~ would never receive the assent of Parliament. TEE FALL OF eARS. The Earl of LtALM,fESBURY.-It may be in the recollection of your lordships that before we separated for the Easter holydays, when the noble lord the Secretary fol :Foreign Affairs went to Par, I gave notice of my intention to submit a motion on the subject of the surrender of Ears. I regret that the inevitable absence of the noble lord has hitherto prevented me from redeeming that pronise, for I feel that the subject is of such importance that it ought to have been submitted to your lordships' consideration as sen as possible after the event. But I ho that you wdi not, because of the time that has elapsed, for.etful of the great interest that attaches to the event to which I allude, as well on its own account as with regard to what has followed. I could have wished that the question had fallen into the hands of some one better qaalified than myself to present it to your notice in a lucid and intelligible manner, and to demonstrate its conseo,uences; but since this is not the case, I must beg of your lordships to make yourselves familiar with the subject, bycastinga n lance over the book that contains the papers relatingto the operations in Asia Moinor. (Hear, hear.) Atnd I make the request with the less reluctance, because the volume in question contains, notwithstandig its colour, matter of the most romantic interest. (Hear, hear.) Not. withstanding the interval that has elapsed, I do not believe that any of your lordships will beeof opinion that an event so important as the surrender of a great fortress and a gallant army can be passed over in silence by this House. lRejoicingon this, and on many accounts, to see the Foreign Secretary in his place, I beg to lay upon the table a copy of the resolution I mean to submit for your lordships' censi- deration on Friday nex;t:- " That while this House feels it to be a duty to express its admiration of the gallantry of the Turkish garrison, and of the self-relying courage of Major-General Sir W. Williams and the British officers at the sieoe of Ears, it feels it equally a duty to declare its convictions that the surxender of that fortress and of the army which defended it, disasters which endangered the safety of Asiatic Turkey and affected our influence in the negotiations for peace, are in a great degree owing to the want of foresight and energy in Her 3Majesty's Government." THE NAVAL REVIEW. Lord RAVENSWORTH said that, as he saw in their places the noble lord the President of the Council, and many other noble lords who had suffered with himself from the inconveniences and delays which had arisen in the con-veyance of their lordships to and from the naval review at Spithead on the previous day, he might perhaps be permitted to call attention to the defects in the arrangements 'which had led to those unpleasant circumstauces, and to ask sorme explanation from the Government. It was intended that Her Majestyshould, during her progress through the magnificent line of ships, be attended by her faithful subjects, the Lords spiritual and temporal, and the Commons. Nothing could be more complete in theory than this idea of the Government. The misfortune was that it entirely failed of realization. Although he did not wish to attack any noble lord who might be considered directly responsible for the failures of the day, he thought they had been mainly if not entirely caused by the want of proper discimination on the part of the Lords Of the Admiralty, whose duty it was to select a proper vessel for the conveyance of their lordships. The first thing that occurred after starting, at 7 o'clock in the morning, was a delay of at least two hours occasioned by the breaking down of two engines. For this he attributed no blame to Her Majesty's Government. (A laugh.) After great delay and inconvenience their lordships arrived at Southampton, where there was but one large tender, the Harlequin, for the cornveyance of the members of both Houses of Parliament. In consequence of this it was at least an hour before they all got on board the tender, and then the crowded state of that vessel occasioned further loss of time inrembarking them on the two steamersTransit andPerseverance. At length, between 12 and 1 o'clock, and after they had been informed by some noble lords who had gone down on the previous night that the most imposing part of the display was over, the saiute on the arra of 7er Majesty having been fired an hour and a-half before, the Transit, which had been appropriated to the conveyance of their lordships, got under way. She had not, however, pro. ceeded far before she was passed bythePerseverance, having on board the members of the House of Commons, and the second estate of the realm became the third, in which position it continued during the remainder of the day. (A lau^h.) In the course of time the Transit, notwithstanding the defctive engineswith which she was supplied, reached the pivot shis at the easternmost point of the line, from which Tositon they witnessed that grand and magnificent motion, the advance and wheeling of the line of shups, the only spectacle which they had to repay them for the fatigue which they had undergone. This ship, the Transit, bad been sup. plied with engines which were originally made for our late enemy the Emperor of Russia, and which were so defective in construction that on her lastvoyage to the Mediterranean the whole of her machinery gave way, and it had not since been put intoproper condition. The result was that, in a short time, this immense ship, of 2,400 tons burden, became almost lke a log upon the water. By orders from ligh authorities it was forbidden to make any smoke; 'without making smoke a fire could not be made sufficient to get up the steam of the Transit, and the result was, that on the return she hardly made any way. little as was the way she nade, it was, unfortu- nately, enough for her to runs down a ganboat, by which collision bot n vessels were seriously damaged, and a marine received injuries so severe that he (Lord Ravensworth) did not know whether they might not be fatal. Although she did this however, she did not make way enough to enable their lordships to reach the harbour of Southampton until 10 o'clock. At that time the return was effected by means of a very active but very small steamer called the Monkey, owin^ to the disproportion between which and the Transit, and the consequent crowding, of the former, there was a great deal of inconvenience and not a little danger. The latter was considerably increased by the fact that, as she neared the pier, the tiller ropes of the Monkey broke, owing to which there was much difficulty and delay in whirling that vesseL As soon as she vas wharfed there was a rush to the raway station. ladies and gentle- men, noble lords and right rev. prelates, all made for the station as fast as possible. Firstclass carriages were soon a11 occupied, second-class ones were in requisition, and one ri3ht rev. prelate and a privy counciTlor took refuge in a third-class carriage. ( laugh.) At last the train reached Iondon, and their lordships ivere deposited at the railway station at 3 o'clock in the morning. Thus the termination of this day of pleasure was, that noble lords and ladies were running abou tho platform without a carage or a. cab to take them ziume. How many of the' ladies reached their residences lie could not say. Fortunately he had himself none under his own care. The olamo of all these delays ind incoaveniences rested, in his opinion, wi.h those by whose management an. improper vessel of enormous size and without sufficient means of propulsion was aupropriated to theirlordships. To this .iak 'e' attributed al tho misadventures of the day, and he thought he had a right to ask from the Govermnent some explana-' tion of the reasons which led to the appropriatiin of solar.e and so improper a vessel to this service. Further than this he would atpresent express po opinion upon tho subject except to say, "Sic transit gyoria mundi." (A laugh). Iarl GRANVILLE.-I amr afraid I am not the best per. Eon in the world to answer'the very serious charges which have been brought forward by. my noble friend, having rnyself been one of his fellow-sulThrers, and having experienced some disappointment at missing .a considerable portion of. thEo-nagnificent' spectacle of yesterday.; At tho same time I am bound to say that I think my noble friend has exiagerated the bLae vwhich can bo attached to the Government. He certainly made a vezy fair exception at the be. ginning of his speech, when he exonerated the GovUnmient from all blame for the locomotives of the South-W%estern Railway Nomipany having broken down; but I think he has been misinformed as to the character of the ship which was appropriated to -the conveyance of your lordships. It is a very large and a vey fine ship, and I am sure that all, the noble lords w o were on board it will bee UAiai6ny to the great care which ha4 IXen taken to provide for the comforts ;1 yoSu lordsinps both as to accomnaodations and refrOebmelit& (Hear, hear.) No doubt it would have bcon Veky much better had there been two small tenders to take your lordsliips on board, instead of the one large one. When we did stop it was not from any defect in the engine, but because the fireshad been let out. As no Lord of the Admiralty has yet returned to town, I have not yet been able to make any inquiries' as to who was really to blame; but, whatever mismanagement there may have been it is clear that the general Govera ment cannot be made responsible unless it should neglect, after inquiry to punish the persons who are to bameh Several noble lords on board were kind enough to ty to fin the wholo responsibility of thcaffair on me ulanghter),whiche as your lordships may imaoine, did not at all increase my enjoyment of the day. I was particularly desired by some: to go dowrn and poke the fire, but, with an unusual degree of modesty, I dechned to undertake the command of even a smallfractiontofothe Channelfeet. There is one consolation, however-that the day furnished another proof of the enormousumentaland bodily stren hah of my noble friend the Lord oief Justice, because, thoulc my noble friend was away frou lhis hosme for Xva hours, lie was 'able to attend in his place in the Court of Queeni's Bench this morning, and he has to-night taken part in adiscussion relat-ive to the Scotch marriage la-. (A laugh.) I can only say that I will take care, when the lFirst Lord of the Advbralty returns to towvn, that all proper inquiries shall be made on the subject, and that if there has been any negligence the persons to blame shall be punished. The E.arl of T MALMSBU wY.-I shoul d not advise my noble friend behind me to move a vote of censure on Her Majesty's Government this time, though it certainly was a practical joke of the most unpardonable character to hav een promised so much pleasure, and to have been kept 22 hours in attempting to attain an object which we really only reached half-way at last. What Irose to observe upon was the extreme confiden c-not the uodestyof the noble earl or,posite in answerin my noble friend behind, giving your eordships to believe that he was present the whole tune, that lie sawr all our misfortunes, and participated in them. From his high position, lie was of course looked upon by all on board as the captain of the vessel-meaning, that is, that he would stick by her so long as her timbers held together. (Hear, hear.) Far from that, my noble friend, with his usual sagacity and acuteness, about half-past 3, seeing how matters went, and how unlikely it was that he should see his home that night if he stayed with us,, deserted the ship (loud laughter), and, having found very comfortable quarters on the coast of the Isle of Wight, to our great consternationhaileda smallboat and left us to our fate. (Renewed laughter.) That fate has not been at all exaggera ted b5 the noble lord behind me; for the :est of the day we were passed by ship after ship, by carriage after carsiage, and most of us had to waLk home from the Waterloostation at half-past 3 this morning. Q Lord CAMPBELL.-I can testify to the great courtesy or the noble earl the President of the Council, so long indeed as he remained with us, but he certainly did desert us in a moment of difficulty. (Laughter.) As I found it impossible to assist in the administration of justice in Westminster-hall on this great day, I thought it was my duty to show my respect to Her Majesty, and to join those who were to follow m her wake when maldngthis great progress through her naval forces I certainly met, in. common with all of your lordships who were there, with great disappointments. I acquit Her Ma5esty's Government of all blame for our late arrival at Southampton, and, although neither my noble friandnorthe IFirst Lord of the A)dmiralty, nor the G;overnment generally, can be held respontsible for whiat followred-for the plan was gross misconduct somewhere which really gives one an idea of what happened at Balaklava. (Wear.) Nothing happened except the brealing down of the railway engines, which could not have been avoided. There was gross mismanagement in having so small a tender to act with such an enormous steamer ap the Trsnsit. It might have been easily seen that. under the most favourable circumstances, it woIuld have taken an hour or more to transfer the passengers from one vessel to the other; and had there been anything of a swell we never could have all got from one vessel to the other. The Transit at last weighed anchor, but it was necessary for two learned judges who were on board to work at the capstan. (Laughter.) We had three right rev. prelates on board, but I do not know whether they lent a hand or not. One of the Apostles, I believe, was acquainted with navigation, and I have no doubt under similar circumstances he would have assisted in the operation. We really had great reason to complain of this T'ransit, which, though a very large vessel, was quite unfit for the service. She had two engines, but one of them was permanently disabled (hear, hear), and the other was soon made useless by the fires being let out. It w as 11 o'clock before we left Southampton, although we ought to have left at 6 o'clock, and sueh a scene of con fusion I hope I shall never witness again. It certainly reflects very little credit upon those who ought to have made better provision. Judges, prelates, and ladies of high rank were scrambling together or places in the train-one would have thought it was an excursion train to Manchester. I had the good fortune to get a p lace (hear, hear), but I was not able to get home before fi'cloek this morning. Thanks to that strength to which my noble friend has alluaded, I was able to attend in my place in the Queen's Bench this morning, and I sam hapy to say, therefore, that no ill consequences ensued to the administration of justice. (Hear.) The Earl of CARUDIGAN wished to know if there was not some subordinate official at the Admiralty who was responsible for having selected a vessel in so unfit a state as the Transit was for the conveyance of their lordships ? It was most discreditable that their lordships should be placed in a vessel which could not make more than 3A or 4 knots an hour. He was informed that that vessel had been' ordered to the Crimea to convey a portion of the army there home, but he hoped that would not be done until she was put into better condition. Earl VANE asked wly it was that the two Houses of Parliament had been sent down to Southampton instead of to Portsmouth? Earl GRANVILLE said that it was thought desirable that some portion of the persons going to the naval review should embark at Southampton, in order to prevent too great a pressure at PortsmontLh. THE DUCHY OF PARMA. The Marquis of CLANRICARDE then rose to move for copies of the reports and correspondence of Her Xajesty's diplomatic and consular agents in Italy relating to the occupation of the territory and the assumption of the executive Government of the duchy of Parma by Austrian authorities; and for copies of any communication thereupon between Her Majesty's Government and the Cabinet of Vienna. He said that, in asking for these papers, it was not his intention to express any opinion himseIf, and still less to call upon their lordships now to' pronounce any judgment on the events which had taken place in Italy, because he thought it would be premature to ask for an expression of o,inion on mitnItswith respect to which they were imperfectly informed. .-Allthat he rose to ask for was information, and he hoped that it would be in the power of the Government to give some informa. tion on the important facts and events which had occurred, for he believed them to bh. of so grave a character that it was necessary they should be considered not merely by the servants of the Crown, but also by the Parliament of this country. Their lordships were aware that the state of the Government iL the northern part of Italy-in the Duchy of Farma-had been for some time unsatisfactory and feeble, as had been shown by the results. Great discontent and political dissatisfaction prevailed among the people; and, more than that, there had arisen a contempt of law and a general aversion from recognized authority andorder of such a character as had led to lamentable conseqaences and threatened graver results. It was on these pretences, and in some degree, itmight be said, for these reasons, that the Austrian forces bad-occupied the Grand Duchy of Parma. That was a fact which he presumed was notorious, but if the rumours in circulation were correct, it was not merely a military occupation which the Austrians had effected over the whole country, but-it was, in fact, a seizure of the Government. If the Austrian Government had sent a force, at the call of the reigning family, to save the Duchess Regenit from any personal: danger, such a step would niot have been at variance with a couiso of proceeding which had taken place in other countries - but, if the accounts were. true, the Austrian Governmnent had practically. taken political as. well as ailitary possession of Farma. It was stated that the Ministry of Finance and the Post-office were under the authority of thc Austrians, and that they occupied. such, an extent of country as showed that they were there. not for the protection of the reigning family, but that their occupation amounted, in point of fact, to a seizure of the whole country. He was not going new to discuss the character of such an- occupation, the consequences to which it might lead, or the efect it would have on the territorial arrangements of Europe and the balance of nwoer. Nor did he intend to enter upon the state of Italy, both north and south, on which- thes -transactions must have a great influence. All he wanted was to have information respecting what had taken place, and respecting the attitude assumed by the Government of this country and by the other great European Powers. Ef. the accounts were trae, it did not appearthat the Austrians had occupied the Duchy of Parma wtth the view of suppressing any armed insurrc-. ticn, for of such insurrection tere was no acoount;, .but it seCfmed that their forces were so disposed as to he inre p2ration for further aggression Against other territory; ihus excluding the idea that the occupation was -for the purposeo of putting an cnd 'to ag9i .1]A diworder, insur.' roction, or 'rebellion 'threatening .*to: - a6 *overni' ieat, or to the perso or family- of. the :Duhess oi, rarma. e trusted that the noble earl the Secre-, tary for Foreign Affairs, if he should think it nce e .ry torefusethermotion for the production of papers, woAld nevertheless be able to put their lordships in possession of such information as it was undoubtedly necessary they should have, for it would be very lamentable if, after.the end of one war by a peace which they thought would be satisfactory, they shouldw be brought into another war,vkhich 2night prove mnore lasting ana costly thin that which'. was now happily ended. The Earl of CLARENDON, who was received awith chees sn presenting himself to the HQuse, 4id,-I am sure Jna noble frieud:'sill sqt expect me ito enter into any gentrjiexplanation on the subject he has brought be£ore 'yoiu lora. ships, becauso tho noble and learned lord opposite has given )sotsqc of a motion whichI ujiAdrstafid is of such a compreha bv iature as will bring the whole subject under con. sideration, and I hope shortly to be able to siow the Souse that the question of Italy has niot been disregarded by the Government. I am at present unable to lay before your lordships any correspondence to throw light on th eve'nts which have taken place 'in Italy; ant-I am prepared, in answer to say noble friend, to give him such information as we- possess. It appears that ever since tho assassination of the late duke Parma has been in an unsettled state,for which I do not believe that the Duchess Regent is to blame. IHer Government has been wise ani moderate, and I believe she has displayed great forbearance and good sense; but the Government isweak in Parma, which has been the resort of persons desirous of promotingpolitical tronubles; anditis saidthatthe agents of secret societies have been particularly active there. This unsettled state of affairs continued to prevail, and the person who conducted the investigation into the assassination of the Dul-e of Fnarm, and others employed in the judi. eial investigation of pPolitical offences, appeared aestiined to the same fate. A dangerous spirit having been manifested, and considerable public alarm having been the consequence of these acts, the Duchess Regent declared Parma in a state of siege, and the Austrian general Crenneville, as senior officer, took the supreme command. But, as I gather from my noble friend, ho appears to think that Austrian: interference took place in consequence of recent evenits. Such has not been the case. A treaty was agreed to between i Modena and theolate Duke of Parma in the year 1847 or 1848, by which these sovereigns were entitled to call upon Austria, and Austria was bound to send a sufficient force' to maintain order if public tranquillity were likely to be disturbed. This was done in 1849, and there has been since that time an Austrian battalion in Parma or the neighbour. hood. General Crenneville, when the state of siege was declared,. wrote word that he should not require to have another man sent to him. There was, therefore, no special intervention, and no increased number of forces beyond that -which Austria had already in the duchy. I am not able to give mynoblefricnd anyaccount of the other events to which he alluded-of certainefficial persons being turned out of office; but I believe I am correct in saying that which I am assured from Vienna, that there has been great exaggeration in the newspapers as to the account of Austrian force in the territory bordering upon Sardinia, and that troops have not, as reported, been sent in that direction. DIFFERENCES WITH THE UNTIED STATES. The E arl of DERBY.-I wish to ask the noble earl when the Government will be prepared to lay upon the tablo the correspondence relative to two subjects of importance connected with the United States? With regard to Central America the correspondenco has, I believe, long since been closed, and I have reason to believe that the correspondence relative to the enlistment0 within the territory of the United States has also been brought to a conclusion. It is evident, from the importance, of these subjects, that no time ought to be lost in giving full information both to this and the other House of Parliament. .I believe that the noble lord at the head of the Government has repeatedly promised in the other house that there should be no delay in producing this correspondence, but if the noble earl had known the noble viscount as long as I, he would know that no person is more ingenious in protracting the production of an unpleasant correspondence until it is impossible to discuss it. (Iaughter.) I hope, now that the noble earl opposite has returned, we shall have the correspondence on roth these subjects laid before Parliament. Lord CLAEENDON.-My frst act to-night was to lay on the table the correspondence on the subject of Central Amnerica. With regard to the other subject, I hope to lay thepapers on the table on the first or second day of next Their lordships then adjourned.
I HOUSE OF COMMONS, T=sDAY, ApRIL 24. The SPEAER took the chair at 4 o'clock. The Cambridge UniverSity and Town Bill and the East Somerset Railway Bill were read a third timie and passed. Petitions were presented by Sir M. S. STEWVART (4), from bleaching operatives in the county of Nottingham, praying for a Ten-and-a-Half Hours Bill; by Sir E. P,ERRY, from the lord Mayor, Mr. D). WV. Wire, 3Mr. George Grot% Mr. Herber,t Ingram, and 2,3S30 inhabitants of London, including merchants, barristers, authors, and tradesmen; from the Rigidt Hon. Lady Henley, Lady Louisa Kerr, and others from Brighton; from the vicar, four other clergymen, and seperal hundred inhabitants of Swansea; from the incunm bent of St. Leonard's-on-Sea, Harriet his wife and other inhabitants of St. Leonard's; and from Mr. John Stuart Mill, Mr. Slaney, and 812 other inhabitants of Westminster, praying for an amendment of the law of property ree spectingmarried women; by Mr. M. SmnT, from Horsemonden, Kent, against the Oath of Abjuration Bill - and from the minister, churchwardens, and others of Loose, Kent, against the abolition of church-rates; by Mr. E. BALL, from Chatteris congregation of Dissenters, and inhabitants of Chatteris and Royston, against temporal provision for spiritual purposes in Ireland; by Mr. I'MAnON, from Bree, Rathangan, Ferns, and Gorey, in the county of Wexford; and Rosbercon, in the county of Kilkenny, in favour of the Tenant Right BiR introduced by the hon. member for Mayo; from BaDinakill and Kilcoran, in the county of Galway; and from the inhabitants of Lady's Sand, Came, and Tacumshane, in the county of Wexford, against the Juvenile Offenders (Ireland) Bill; by Mr. H-NnLy, frora the licensed victuallers of Staleybridge and Mossley, comuty of lancaster, against [the bileting sybtem; by Mr. BROn1ERTON, from the committee of the National Temperance Society, against the bitl for extending the hours during which the sale of intoxicating liquors may hD carried on in- Ireland; and from the Salford Operative Protestant Association, against the Oath of Abjuration Bill; by M1r. BELL, from Witney, Tunbridge, Wokingham, Berkshire, and Coggeshall, infavour of Sir W. Clay's Bill for the Total Abolition of Church-rates; by Mr. MIALL (12), from Baptists at Ilanvihan-el, Crucarney, Macclesfield, RIclmansworth, Stroud, Brill, Bethesda, Harwich, Staplehuart, Ramsgate, Colchester, Great Yarmouth, and Rhydyceisiaid, for withdrawing ecclesiastical endowments from all sects in Irelind; and from ladies at Sydenham, praying for alteration of the laws affecting the property of married women; by 3r. LocKE, from Honiton, against all grants of public money for religious purposes in Ireland; by Mr. BAXTER, from the Arbroath Reformation Seeiety, against the grant to lMavnooth; by Mr. GBEGSON. from the visitor and board of guardians representing 19 parishesand towsuships in the county of Lancaster, praying that the Gilbert Unions may not be dissolved without the consent of the guardians of such nnions; by Mr. Alderman CHALIS, from the Master, WVardens, and the Common. alty of the Freemen Of the Art or Mystery of Painters, commonly called painters stainers, of the city of london and the suburbs and liberties thereof, againdt the bil for the better regulation of the corporatioh of the city of London; and from the sworn deputy fruit meters ofthe port of london, for compensation; byMr. Br.wCK, from Edinburgh, on the injustice of the present laws inreference to the property of married women; by. Mr. AiEDADER HASTIE, from the congregation of West George-street chapel, Glasgow, and from the Society forthe Liberationof Relig.on-from State PatronageandCon. trol, in Glasgow, paying for the discontinuance .of al. public grants for religious teaching and worslhip in Ireland; also, from 1,037 inhabitants of Glasgow, praying for the repeal of the Publichouse Act (Scotland);by Ar. K1A1RD, rom Perth, in favour of' the measure for considering the rights of married women; and from members of the East United Preshytery congregation of Perth, against the endowment of t he church of Ireland; by Mr. TOLLXU , from the board of guardians of the lVirral Union, Cheshire, against the Vaccination Bill; and from 932 inhabitants of ]Bebington and Tranmere, for amendment of the law that gives the husband control over the property of the wife; by'Mr. BAsnms, from the clergy of the deanery of Talybolion, Anglesea, for a more equitable system of assessing tithe rent-charge to parochial and countvrates; by Mr. RBunow, from 650 farmers residing near Newark and Binghaim (occupying land in Nottinghannshire and Lini colnshire), against the Agricultural Statistics Bill; by Mr. STInLING, from the Presbytery of Aberbrothock, against the Lord-Advocate's Parochial School Bill- by Mr. PX5hI mionz, from the borough of Leominster, numerously and respectably signed, praying for vote by ballot; by Mr R. nriorm , from the clergy of the deanery of South molton, Devonshire, and the clergy of the deanery of Dor chester, Dorseethire, agaist the present mode of assessing rent-charge; byMr. GRENVILE BER3EY, from Cheltenham, for the repeal of all public grants for religious teaching and purposes in Ireland; by Mr. HEYWOOD, from the Haslmgden oard of guardians, for alterations in the Vaccination Bill; from the Strangeways congregation of Protestant Dissenters in Manchester, for a revision of -the authorized version of' the Bible; by Mr. PALK, from the deanery of Kenn, against the present mode of assessing rent-charges- by Mir. PELL&TT (2), from the dealers and consumers of hay ind straw in the metropolis, praying for an investigation into the gross frauds in the hay trade; by hr. PXla (6), from Bury, Lancashire, in favour of the Factory Act Amendment Bill; one in favour of the Medical Profession Bill, and one against it; by M1r. GiBsoy, from kae guardians of the Chorlton Union, Manchester, against the new Vaccii4tion Bill; by Mr. B. WOODD, frorm the guardisnsofi LeGreat Ouseburn lJnion, against certain clauses in the Police Bill - also from the same body, against Ike new Vatiiation Billl; by Mr. WICEHAS, fromn the guardians el the Bradford Union, Yorkshire, against the new Vacchiation' Bill; also, from the managers, agents, clerks, slesmen, and others of the Low-moor IronwrWks, Bradfoyrd, Yorkshire, in- favour of the establishmnent of'the decimj 'system of coinage and accountks; by l,ord GALWAY, Fom Gamston and Eaton, in the county of Nottingham, against the abolition of chcrdh-rates without an equivalent; by Mr. ToT rAwr, from Newoss, for the equalization of. the ates i the different Poor Law unions; and-by Caoonel 1f BmntPrLrn from inhabitants of the parish of !Babibon, in the county. of Denbigb, against all grants of money for religOUS purposes in Irelnd; also, from the perish of Wrexham, for additional security for the property of marieid .w.o.; alsor inhbitNtfs of Brymbo, to ihe same effe4t. , BIBLIdCAI REVISION. Mr. HEYWOOp gave notice that on the 20th of May hewould moi'e,an humble adess tliiheos,~praying thfat. Her Majes,tX wo,uld be graciously pleased to give tuehtlfee' Royal Commissicec loilIQeire into the staue- rihautor version of t,he Bible, L ,to prepare a. plan for the revisia of tbat ancient translation. ECGLESIAMICAL JUDGIg -ND CHANCEiLORS.: * J. G. PHEILMOBt-gave notice that on the 21st of May, unless some more comprehensive measure were -introe daced by tha.G.over4ment,. he should move for leave to bring in a' bil to take awa,y f,rom a archbishops, -bisihop and other ecclesiasicl persons in England and Wales, the power of ap,pointing judges and chanoellors, and to vest such p,owerin the Lord Chancellor. (Hear, hear.}) TORTURE ISIND . 'i - Mr.- OTWVAY intiniat,-tlit on tho'-0ih Iof May he should call 6tto en threpott of the Commissioners oa Torture in Indis, and submit a series of -esolutions fouanded thereon, T H E STA3!. eaptain Ix.ERNON asked the Under $ecretar for War whether, now, that the mnilitary branches of the Ordnance were transferred to the Horse Guards, the general officersfromthe scientific corpswouldbe employed as general officers on, the Stafl; in due proportion with-the general offieers taken from other branches of the service? Mr.. FEEL replied that the'e was no objection to general officers in the artillery and engineers being appointed' to situations on the Staff; bat the number that could be so appointed must be limited, as the proportion of the scientfic branehes of the service to the rest of the army was not morethan lin 20. (Hear, hoa.) INDIAN LAW COMMISSION. Mr. ATHERTON asked the President of the Board of Control whether auy steps had been taken, or were contemplated, for carrying out the suggestions of the commissioners appointe d ander'the act of thel6th- and 17th of Victoria, cop. 95,sec. 28, to consider the recommendations- and enactments of the Indan Law Commissioners- whether any measure was to be introduced, and when, ior gsiv=: legislative sanction-to such of ;thosesuggestions as requirec it; and whether it wa7s imtended,to give further time, bevond the 20th day of Angust next, to the- present or any other commistsioners, for framning a bcody of substantive civil-lav for the whole of India, as recommended by the second' report ? - Mr. V. SMITH replied, thatthe report of the comns sioners had been sent toIndia with the view of being sbu rnitted to the Council there. I the remarks of the Councll, on the recommendations of the commissioners, arrived in time, it was-possible that he might be able to propose a bill to Parliament-drisRg the present session. The answer to the last question would depend upon the information received from Iudia. THB AMERICAN PAPES. Mr. BAUIM wished to ask the Home Secretary-first of all, whether the First Minister of the Crown wvas likely to be in his place that evening; and, next, whether, in the absence of te noble viscount, he could say when the papers relating to the recruitment in the United States, and which were promised to be laid on the table at the beginning of the present week, wouild be presented to the House? Sir G. GREY.-I believe my noble friend will be in his place this evening. I cannot answer the second question of the hon. gentlema. THE. NAVAL REVIEW. Mr. STAFFORD.-Sir, in' rising to move that this House do now adjourn, I beg to express my strong sense of the -excellence of the Government arrangements yesterday. (Loud and prolonged cheering.) Having witnessed the arrangements of the Government both at home and abroad, I desire to testify to the oneness of the system and the simi!arity of the principles on which it is based. (Cheers and laughter.) It was not possible for the Government at so thort a notice to cover- the docks of Southampton with mud, nor are they responsible for the sunshine; but in as far as in them lies they did their best to make that particular locality resemble BaIaklava as much as possible. (Great cheering and laughter.) Whether we consider the character of those for -whose comfort and convenience they undertook to arrange the proximity of the point of embarcation to the scene of the review, or the facilities afforded at the spectacle itself, I think there will be no difference of opinion either in this house or the country at large as to the merit or demerit due to them. (Cheers.) You, Sir, I understand, 'were kept'waiting nearly two hours [several Voices-" Four houis"), without being able, asswe may say, toformaHouse (alaugh); andwhen hon. members did arriveI apprehend you never saw a House so perplexed. (Laughter.) But, whatever may have been the fate of the House of Com.- mons, that of the other House was, I understand, even worse. (Hear, hear.) I have been informed that it was not till broad daylight this morning that those members of the -House of Lords who trusted implicitly to the arrangements of the Government were able to reach their homes. (Laughter.) The lay lords, I understand-at allevenits the greater part of them-have already recovered,' but some of the bishops are completely exhausted. (GreKt l laughter.) StiU I am given to understand that these right rev. prelates will soon recover, and therefore we may congratulate ourselves that no member of either House of Parliuaent has been drowned upon this occasion. -For tnat we desire to tender our best thanks to the Government. Whether thdr arrangements were made -for the purpose of predisposing our minds to peace, whatever the terms of that peace might be, by enabling us to see to- what hands we were to intrust the management of our flects (cheers). I will not presumne to say. We have trieedi our Government upoutwo elements, land and water, and nt only remuains to test them npon that more inflammable 'el'e ment to which the right hon. gentleman opposite intends to call the 3ttention of theEouse next week. I vwould suggest that among the other 2firevorks with wvhich the pu,blicare to be amused in the course of a fewv d^ays one special illumina.- -ion should be dedicated to the: safe return of thosearnernbers- of Parliament who intrusted their persons to the awkward keeping of Her Majesty's Government. (Cheers and laughter) 1 Lord W. POWITT.-I can corroborate from personal observation and experience what has fallen from the hoh. gentleman as tothe extremely discreditable nature of the proceedings yesterday from- beginning to end. (Cheers.) Undoubtedly the Government are not responsible forthe misconduct of the railway company, but they should have taken care that the shipsappointed to convey the two Houses of Parliament to the scene of the great spectacle were in Sn effectivestate. (Hear, hear.) It so happened-that, being in Southampton at an early hour, I Was desired by a person on board the steamer allotted to the House of Lords to take my place in that vessel, because, in all probability, the House of Commons would not arrive till a quarter past 4 (a laugh) 'I accordingly went on board the Traasit, where I-remained the whole day, but I nustsaythat a more discreditable state of things I never witnessed. (Hear, hear.) The whole of the machinerywas out of order; it not only broke down, but we were detained half-an-hour at a time, and I was told by the captain himself that ho ]knew themachinery was in -n ineffcient state. I think; Sir, that the head of the Admiralty ought -to have ascer tained whether the ships were in an effective state or not (Cheers.) Butttheworstisyettocome. Wedidnot arrive at Spithead until the review was over, and when we zeached Southampton inthe evening there was no train waiting fortheEHouseofLords. We weredetainedanhour until one was formed in the station, and the journey to this , metropolis occupied four hours and a-half, the tram going at the rate of 10 miles an hour. (Laughter.) I must say, Sir, in conclusion, that the proceedings of yesterday reflect credit neither uponthe members of the Government nor upon the directors of the South-Western Railway, (Cheers.) Mnr. 0. STANLY.-I do not know whether the Firt Lord of the Admiralty is in his place or not (cries of " He is not," and Laughter), but the House will recollect that, - whenIputaquestion to him a few days ago as to the arrangements which had been made for conveying us to the scene of the review, the right hon. gentleman informed, me that if I did not like to go I might remain at home. I have only to say now that, if he had told me what his arrangements were, Ishould have been glad to remain at- home. (Cheers.) ! Lord PALERSTON.-I would suggest that it would ,be better to postpone this discussion unti my right hon. friend the First Lord of the Admiralty returns to town, his duties detaining himn for the present at Portsmaouth. (Laughter.) I really see no occasion for laughter in that statement. I am unable, of course, to explain the nature of the arrange-- ments which were made by the Admiralty, but when my right hon.2 friend shall be in his place I am sure that he will be able to show that the Admiralty made the best arrangements which could prospectively be made for such an' occasion. That there was undoubtedly great delay in getting from London either to Portsmouth or Southampton I myself can bear witness (a laugh), for I was in the-railway train from 7 o'clock Until past 12 on the journey betwoeen Waterloo station and Portsmouth. When we arrived at' Bishopstoke it was intimated to us that the tide had ebbed, and that there would be considerable difficulty in getting to our vessel at Spithead. (Cries of " No, no !") I am told that it was so; and that no doubt produed a difficulty in getting from Southampton to the vessels which were destined to convey us to Spithead. lam sure that my right hon. friend will deeply regret if there was n Dy error in the arrangements; but I would again submit to the hon. gentleman opposite who has made this motion that no advantage can arise in delaying other business on account of a diacussion which cannot take place satisfacto. rily until my right hon. friend returns. Colonel KNOX ask-ed whether it were the case that tEe Clerks of the Treaury embarked from Portsmouth inskad cf from Southampton, because, if that were so, be'thought -that the Houses of Lords and Commons might have done the same? (Hear,Jhear.) Ie could only addlis testimony to what had been said about the arranements of esterday; and he hoped for the future, when inquiries and blue-bools were tlked about with reference to the oonduct of allant officers in both services. engaged, in war, thit the coiintry would plc the saddle con±sie right horse, and womlld'uuderstand tha.t those arrangements for which offloerswere blamed were due to the Government, and to the GoieriiZ mnent alone.- (Cheers.) - - - .r. H. HERBERT was not surprised at the disappointment-which had-been'expresseid-at the airagementswhich had beeni made for the 'accomnsodation of the Hous# 6f Commons; but; hxving -been- onte' of the first on boardlhi Perseverance, he'was 'x 't=o~beax ~testimony to the zextrem-ely obligng conduct of. Ca tain acdonld -ndi fo o*itter of tbstno esel, ---Eeerst L t the hour adm ointed Aaptain M onablywe1 n' ra reasonet adpiW amt5f the delay elsearhere te House od hommons would hise beM ltthereviesfingoodretimeo- w'--t"i5-t-t'twul ?MrNE'WJEGATE-Ihope-that ,the-hon- -member lor Salisbuy*iidlal,io'bein his place 'wlhen we ~aeb-oiWur,id ,with the presence 'of the Firs Lord of the idma1fitj'bX cause nequeationablyye have great reson to comnpliiof the railay arrangenienta, - fHear, hear) . As t;is. House legislates for the regulati6n of-railways, Ithaink thattit would I,U 4:4groiererwtioui of 4iut-if, ifteri_nch mismnagmeeit krozght within' e MwxnenA, *e' were to taLe i Wotice of it I sn eg_laothat tbe ique6tion is not likely to rss thout obseratieMit I feelt thitttheeousof an b, occaion savoufof dsrespect to Her Majesity, 'andI hope that we sh}all aeqmit ursekes of idllblame'porthat-core by~fixing it upon the pro'perpersomns-(Che,ers.) -'-, _-- ' CaptainSCtOBEI;Ei saw n $oed in postponing"thevdis;. eussion antil the ar aliof theSirst Lord of theAdrniralj Of course the Frst Lord wbt,o be unaware of the inconye nience whicefthe'House-had experiienced, and, at all events. -he could not-help itnow,,Onwf-tTire oocastens'~helhpd, 7that the 'nghthon. &nt sni&ld make his ngements -with better effect; for yesterd"y the whole "tnsit"wsoi bad that it was onl by thegreat6st perseveaaeethattime' House ever goti bacl to London.- (laughlter.) The GOeO ir. onent, of course, could- -not awerfor the -ally'Thuti whenmdmbershwtrivedatiieoend of-tthesrailw Aouineyd there was no way of ietn off< totheSleet exceptbysriXi-l mig for it. Hebeheved tatnot one mesibmeitl 4£ of the Cabinet or of the Govnment wras present to zeoeive' the Speaker and theHouh upon their arrval, andthe thorght altogether that thete iwF mnch reason whncosthein.' So dorut the Go vefernmendte theer prohider forAsgme.e where else, hut surelysom e oneor other. io thei a 'ht g have been there to receiive the Houieh he. rebrettetr tlied on syuch af Occasion, some saling vessels hlad not been ntroSduced to- show the cont,rast between 'smch ;*hipe. and steamers; and heItu that iih their absen-ee rendered the ,reviewr somew,hat incomp -e --e-. Colonelp FsaCtht-Iteldeetr tfor sugest ito the noble alord-at the emad of the- o Gvrnent ( that when te it !--Iordofthe Admniraltycomestto4on he.shouldgi-ehimn a checlkforhismcu.rtous'behaviour towards members 'of - this House in gener, and to the hon. member for Angleses Ginvprticular(tofwhom,ewCien-he questioned the arsrAnoe'mets that were being made, the righthon. baronet repdied, that if members didn't like them they might stay at home. The system of checldnig, Ibehieve, has already commended, and I think that it mig,ht be extended heth advantage. Eeport says that the Secretary for the Admtiralty had arranged that members of the Government (of the Cabinet) and their wives should go in one vessel. and members of the Governent (not of the Cabinet)and their wivesinanother ' hut that the ladies took the quarrel up and declared that they would nothbe trated in such a maier. e" hear hear" and a laugh.) It is said that the noMe lord did then interfere, and that in consequence all the ladies were permitted to go toefther. I thine, therefre, that it would begexceedinglydeser ble that the noble lordishould teach the right hon. baronet to behave with proper courtesy. (Hear,- hear.) Sir G. GREY.-I cannot allow the speech of the hon, tenoleman who has just sat dosn, and which he has m de 1n perfect ignor nCe of the facts, to pass unnoticed. When my right hon. friend comes to the house he will state the arrangements which were made by the admiralty, mborder to afford the greatest amount of convenienceto the greatest number of people in witnessing that magnificent spectacle at Spithead which reilected the highest credit on the country. ("h ear, hear," and "Oh, oh !") I say that thAt magnificent fleet and the evolutions which it performed at the review are calculated to raise this country in the estima tion of all who wmitnessed it-foreigners as well as Englishmen. (" Hear," and cries of "Question -v>) My right hon. friend, I hai sure, intended no discourtw in the answser which he gave to the hon. member for' Angleuea; and, however much reason there iayng be to complain of the difAiculty in gegonboaril the Perseverance, I am certain that every one muit have been perfectly satisfied with the manner in which that ship was conducted yesterday. Hear, hear.} O-sll that we have to regret w-as the difdfulty which was eiperienced in getting on board her. fith tegard -to-the railway, of course the Government was not responsible for delaysgthere; and,eas tonolmember o£ the Board-of Ad. miralty being paresent to receive the iouse, I may state thit theowhole of the Board of Admierlty was, byrHer Majesty's commanads, in-attendance uApon Her M~ajesty. 7 Mr. HOWAR -thought that thetHouse was somewrhat runjust in its strictures upon his right hon. relative the First Lord of theAdmiralty- It appeared to him that the arrang e- ments wrere of a very high order, and at the House ought to have been very gratefulfor the. (Ltaughter and loud cries of " Oh, oh l - more especially from the O-pposition side of the House). - The hovserhad shoe n a isrett desil of impatience, and.did not appear suffciently to appreciate the magnificent spectacle of yesterday. The blame ought to be attribated tobhe aroper- people, and they wvere thbe conductors of the m nl vay. {Fear, hear.2 E - Captain D1l1NCOMhBE, sjole fo the defective Lstate of one odthe vessels employed upob nth occ sion-either the Tranfit. -or the 1'eraevcrance, hut vre did not catch whlich.- TheMwarquis of'Gthead Y thougght that the House or Commons had u great son to complain that they had been allowed no sharein the admirable arrangements which had been nrovided for theb.rest of hepablie. Asthesonboardothe Perseverance, however, hemustaddhis teshow to noy to that wmhich han bfeet ilreaf y givew of the ad-prable'ehaviour of the comntander of that vesseL. i(ear, hear.) Ito doubt, azs wfaS said -by an hon. gentleman opposite, the review at Spithead was aongnificent spectacle but, undfor. tunately, the touse of Commons -had ot succeeded iAn eeing it. (He r, hear.) A peace rhi.h ahe sincerely trtsjt` wrould be an enduring one ha&happily been termiated,siad no doubt the reviewa been intended to show to thiewoft wehat 1England w-as able to do. prow, there was no 'ubt as to the m-agnificent fleet of ships which, had -vbeen -prepr; nor as to the g,allantry and skldl of the crewrs'which-sann&lm them,q but there -ras one point uponA whichi sorae doubit did exist, and without question the reviev v.as iield-imioraer to dispel that doubt. Tshat doubtwas as to the el£icieat adnil-nistration of the-Ad uiraity-(hesr,-hear),and the_object of the review wras to prove that' the adrrinistritini of tiat departmenlt was now different from what it' had-hitherto been. (Hear, hear.) -It w as to prove that scenes sach as those which had occurred. i Balklva .harboarj tould never occuragain, (hear,_bear); beut the result' had been to produce a state of things in- the harboar of Southampton simnilar to 'what had tak en place at .Balaklava, and, wrhen such conlbsion prevailed i a harbour not 78 miles from Ioidon, howr coul any one 'be astonishid at its being displayed in a harbour distant 3,000 miles 9 The members of thatouse had been invited-to be present, and they had fallen victims to. that very system, a change of which wras intended to be evinced by the review. Mr. PEACOCKE said, that he understood that the refreshment for members of the two Houses of Parliament had been contracted for at 7s. 6dL a-head--(An Hon. Memn. ber.-" live Shillings.")-but the Board of Admiralty had taken much better care of themselves; for he understood that the clerks of that department were provided with aU the delicacies of the season. He did not complain so much as regarded the members of that House but as regarded the members of the other House of Parliament, 'who 'were accompanied by ladies ; he thought that they were entitled to at least the same fare as the clerks of the Admiralty. (Hear, hear.) Mr. KENNEDY considered that the -whole of the blame ought to be attributed to mismanagement on the part of the railway companies, and he should, on an early day, move for an inquiry into the causes of the delay which had occurred onthe line of railway. The motion was then hegatived. THE CENTRAL AMERICAN QUESTIOI. Iord PRALESTON brought up the papers relating to this subject, and they were ordered to lie on the table. Mr. IL BAIrLIE wished to know if the papers -relating to mraiting in the IJnited States, which the noble lord had promised to lay on the table on an early day that week-, -were prepared7 - ' t Lord PAIMERSTON said, that some necessary delay had taken place in the preparation of those papers, but'they should be laid on the table of the house early next week.. Sir B. BULWER said, that he would at an early period give notice of the terms _f the resolution which it was his intention to move in' telation to the papers which had just been laid upon the table. ; TIE CIVIL SERVICE. Lord GODE1RICH, in rising to propose an addressto Her MIajesty upon the sabject of admissions to the civil service, said that the question was one of such great importance that he felt that no apology was due upon his part for bringing it under the consideration -of-the House. He thought also that the report of the Civil Service Commissioners was so full of interest that it was only right to call upon that House to devote some portion of its time to the considerat;on of it. When all the difficulties which the Civil Service Commissioners had to encounter were considered, he believed that most gentlemen in that house would join with him in paying a just tribute to the zeal and ability-he mightsay the courage-which they had displayed. Someportions of their report had been objected to, and, among other objections, it was said that they had fixed the stbndard of examiniation of admission to the civil service too high.; but the fact was that out of 309 candidates -who had been rejected,- the' greater' number had been rejected on account of a want of mnowledge of spelling or of the most ordinary rules of arithrmetic. 'He found that in the Customs, of 106' candidates examineda, 42 were rejected on account of the grossest ignorance in spelling. In the Admiralty, of 54 candidates examied, 19' w6r'senthack for the same reason. The House should bear in mind that 'these were nominees to particular offices, and, that, without examination,- persons Who spelt "inger" "fingure," "GovernmentV -with only one "n," 'and "guilty" with two "t"s, would have been - appointed to the civil service. - He hd before ex:' pressed his opinion that the- only way to effectually remedy these evils was to introduce the system of open competition, and he was strengthened in that opinion bT a ermual of this reporL It ws their duty to endeavOe to obtain for employment in the civil service the ftkg persons that couldbeound. It was too much the habitto sasue that incapacityshould be tolerated in the pUb rvice-which -would not, for a-moment be endured-by jaui private individual. Re houghtthey ought to take the e actly opposite course. le could concive many cases I4 hich private individuals, from far higher and more im4 srativ e motivesthan those of welfinteret would be ec. 5txaned to retain in their service,pro ns *who war lot the fittest they could find; bat in thpublic lseeelt was usijiardonableaelfishne~ to .h toadmit or retin iq* ferlor officers, merli o serve a friend or atidY an lepo. tanate suitor. It appeared that out of 903 persom nonia* natedtoparticular offices 2ti had been rejected tojee; Betweenone.tMrdandon fourthof allithenomineesbadb_t jent bacik becaue they wrere unacqu,a-ntedhwit the zsmpled iudimentc of knowle4ge, and he found that, with regard tb *niCmisionerswereunantble toasxrt that theypoe~mw than the simple :rdimentay knowledge to ivdhi ie ro6 feried. What 'was the cause! Was it that the educatie2 of themiddle classes was deficient? On that point4t cominsgoners said, the numerous eaes in which theywere 'obliged tosefuse certificitesoonaccount of bd spellingwoejf le to an unfatourable c oncluion of the state of educationl o themddle u from7*hicha lage number of the- in. fetrior officers of the Government were taken. T1h, b lieved, however, there was no want of sufficiently wll4eda caed persorrto sUpply vacancies in these offices and the frecjueit recurrence odeficiencyin the simplest elmentg -of knoldege.*refioe m thiae.fact that many of theinlenof aspointments weremade-without knowledge of thefitnesiso the party, on the recommendation of some other person, dee 'iiious, not of supplying the public with a useful officer, bit 'dofmakng provision for a friend. He-believed the-cozuinmi rionersirege riht, and the cause of the deficiency was n ot lo; be -found in the .defective education of the middle .tisses,but in the bad mode vf se'letig candidates. .an it'; was mn vrder to get id of that fruitful souroce of evil tl~aith sishedto see thesystem of openoompetitionad'pte fri admission to th civil service, HEfe wshed to see that systemadopted, because it would enlaage the field of choioe, It would enabl every person wvho, without Parlimentar -or-personal interest, saight wish to enter the public ser ie, to male-his merits known to those who had the ri.ght of jpoiuntment; and they would be in a position, grdaslly .and turaly,.. without any absolute rule, to aiise the - standard of examination as high as circumstances would admit.: He would read to the House the opinion of-a right hon. genaleman whose views would be d receved with respect by the T:reasury Pench-that of the Secretary of StaUe for the Col0nies. lt was Mr. IAbouchere's opinior. that, wbat. eier might be the value of examination by way of teat, if conducted by able and experienced rmen, yet far gre4ter security would be afforded by examination conducted, to a - certin extent, upon the competitive prinjcle.. The opiniort of the commissioners was equally clear. hey said they did net thinlr it within their rovince to discuss the expediency -of open- competition as distinguished from examnation; .but-they thought.that those Who succeeded in competitive examinations were men of considerably higher merit- than those who were appointed by nomination. He adittedthe advantages of the partial competition already establighed; butitwas clear from this report that it did not go fa enough, and that ifthey vwised to get rd of the evils now complained of, it would be necessary to releve the Goveru. ment from the pressure under which they were now oibliged to ma}e appointments on other grounds than tha of merit. It was sometimes urged that by the System of nomination a control - as exercised over the moral qualifica. tions of candidates which eould not otherwise .be obtained.. This was the theory, but was it aiways the fact? Was any such adequate control usuall exer, cised? What inquiries did the right hon. member- for Wells generally-make into the moral qualifications of candi. dats for appoitments? But, assuming that a controlIo£ L this kind was at present exercised, he contended that it; mnight be exercised in an equal degree under the systn of competition. Besides, the burden of making inquires into these qualifications was now unjustly thrown upon the Civil Service Commissioners, and no argument could, there. fcre, be drawn from it in favour of the system of nomion tion, He Only asked the House, by this motion, to give an opinion upon the fundamental principle of the- establish. ment of a free and open system of competition, beeause itwas not imnthe power of r. private member to enter-jnto details upon such a subject;- -but he mnst observe that it would be absolutely necessary for the success of any such iYBtem to make a separation between offices of a mechanical nature and those for which higher and nmore intellecta attii'iments wererequired. It was said that private 4ums ;did not adopt any system of competition in their appoint. ments. A sufficientanswer to this argument was, that pri. rate fin were bound to make Zo6f appointments, under penilties, in ease of failure, very different from those which awaited inisters of the Crown (hear, hear), and that they were not subject to the pressure of members of Parliam7int and Secretaries of the Treasury. But he contended that private firms were wlliigito adopt a systema of c6mpetition if it coald-be made available. The Society of Arts had ecentlypromtiigateda scheme for establishing competitive examiatons and giving- ertificates to the successful can. didates. 'A circular contaiig an account of this plan had been sent round to a number of finns, togaether with a-dc. claration to be signed b~y those who should approve it. The names of some of the most eminent commerci^al and manufacturing establishments in the country had been appended to that declaration, induding the Great Northern Company, the London and Brighton Company, the South. Eastern Company (" Hear, hear," and a laugh), .messrs. T. Salt, Crossley; Ar.intage, Marshall, Fox, 'Henderson, ,and Co., Truman and Co., and Sir S. I. Peto. This scheme ' was said to be new and unexampled, but the circumstancs -under which it was proposed were new and unexampled, and in the twoinstances in which it had been adoptea b I the Government it had been found to worlk welL Then it I wa argued that the pizesin the civil servicewere hot sMfi ; ciently valuable to attract really able men; but the certainty - of Government employment was a great attraction, and he .believed that no dfficulty -of at kind would arise.7lE Iwould not alude to all theindirect advantages of the system of competition, but he would not refrain from pointing out the important bearing it would-have on education. (Hea, bhear.) le-called uoon the large majority of hon. memnber who had decided the other -night that, for the present, no step should be tak;en for the direct advancement: of - eucation, to support a proposition whEich vould ikdi. -ety. give a- great stimulus to all the schools. irn -the -country and an additiona value to education. He was anxious to obtain the sanction o£fthe House t6 the system of competition with reference to admissions to tho civil service, because he believed such a system would mate. rially improve and strengthen the machinery of Government. Athouga neither that nor any other system could insure the presence of wise and able men at the head of affairs, yet, hi a Government like that of this country, ia which the political chiefs of departments were constantly changing, while the subordinateheads of departments, hold. big permanent-offices, inecessarily exercised great influence, it would be impossible to secure the sernices of men o£ ability and integrity if apPointments were made for politica reasons,or on any other consideration thanthat of the fitness of the person .appointed. He also desired a change in the present system of civil service appointments, because it seemedtohimto place members in a false position with respect to their constituents, and to place the Government in a false position with regard to that House. Members of Parliament, in recomnmending persons for public employ. ment, did not look to the fitness of their noiminees, but to the interest and support wliich they might secure for them. selves at the next election; and the right hon. member for Wells (Mr. Hayter) was dLispossd to regard with fvour the recommendations of those hon. gentlemen whose votes he exctedto gain on the next division. (A laugh.) The can. diA most likely to succeed was not, therefore,- the hardworking and intelligent young man, but the man whose father was an old Leformer or a stanch friend-of tho church. The best men who could be obtained ought to ba engaged in the public service, but the present system-r fre. quently led to the employment of persons who w.ere destitute of the necessary qualifications. He thought it was an object of the greatest importance to raise the relations be. tween members and their constituents, which ought to- rest on.mutual confidence-confidence on the part of con. stituents in the wisdom, honesty, and integrity of their representatives, and confidence on the part of represunta. tives that the best -mode of securing the respect and esteem of their constituents was to pursue such a course as they deemed. most conducve to the public advantage; but the present system of- patronage was calculated to degrade that relation, and, in his opiion, the best mode of placing it on a proper footing was to alter the system of appointments in the civil service. They wonld thus relievel members of Pariament from odious applications, and the Government from pressure which it was di£ficult to-r, while they would encourage the extension of education throughout the contry, and would secure the employment of able, intelligent, and competent men in the public departments. (HIear, hear.) The noble lord concluded by moving an ''Address to thank Her Majesty for havingt caused to be.laid before this House the report of the Civil AService Commissioners; to state humblyto Her jest, that this House has observed,withgreatatisfaction;the amon ana pr foene wth rhich the con rtosioners have pro. ceeded in applying a remedy to evils of a serious charcter the previouls existence of'iwhuch has nowv been placed beyondI dispute; and also the degree of progress that has been znade5 with the sanction of the heads of various departments of the IState, towards the establishment ofEs svstem of competition among candidates for admission to the civil service', to Lassure HIer 31ajesty of the steady s-apport of this HIouse in the prosecution of the salutary measures which she has been aous]ly pleased to adopt; and humbly to makle kown to .2herMajesty that if. she shall thmnk fit further to extendl them, and to make trial in the civil service of the method -o f open competition as a condition of entrance, this Houset will cheerfully provide for any charges which t le adoption of that system may entaiL." [Ear hear.)- Sir S. lORTHCOTE, in seconding themotion, expressed his tha s to the noble lord for haviggiven the House An opportunty of discussing this very important question -lmly and quietly; for its merits had suffered from ite having been sometimes discussed in a spirit of bitter prejq. dice on the one side and of too sanguine admiration on thq other. H ew satised that the priniple of open compti. tion had not lbeen fairly and dispasionately considerd b many of those by whom it was opposed, and who fancie3 that the advocates of the principle wished to accomplish objects that had never occurred to their minds. He had been concerned in the preparation of the report which two or three years N,o recommended the adoption of this principle, and in which, with the view of providing fit andpro! per ersons for thepublic service, it was stated- -- "The generalppnnciple 'which we advocate is, that the public service should be carred on by the admission int: its loierranks ofa arefully seleted body of young men, who should be mployed from the first upon work suited tb theie capacities and eucgtIon,- and should.b made constantly to feel that their promoton and future prospets depend en. tirely ,pon the industry and ahility with which they disr charge their daties,-t t with average abilities anason. able application th6y may look forwrd confidently to a ceran provion for their ives,-that with superior powr
' TION adopted by the Coiminoa-Hil aoainst this Bill LIPU ffr the SIGNATtRE of the LIVERY atGtildhali; the MaWon-axhous ifrosit entrance): Anderton'sHotcl,Fleet.streest and at 3[r.Mitcbei,' _S5, Charink-crs Central Vormmlttee-room. Guldball April24 1856 i -4TbUEBEO CITY. STERLING BO1WDS.-Th; DrIDEND WARRANTS, falling duo on the 1st of 3ay next on the Quebec City Sterling Six per Cent. 'Bods. which were negotiated through Baring, Brothers. and Co., will be PAID on that or any suoooeding day (Tuesday ad Fsiday excepted), between the hioe of 10) and 2; at their cctin-house, 8, ishoialoaiet wit]us; liherelsts may.as usual. he obtained. I L OIISJA STATEv ]3ONDS.-Tbe DIVIDEND WAlIAIOTS falling d1 e cu the Ist on thy nectontheLonis idb State Bonds, issued iu IoTour oe the Second Mhunicisalt y of Ne r Orle3as. will be PAIDon that or any succeefi7g day No.eA and Fridayexcped);hetweatehaourl of 10nd2 aeo te couning-hous of Baxing, Brothers. ar d Co., 8, Binhopgate-treet swithin, where lists ayube obtaiue dasY n ual. IPOWN of GERLONG LOAN, Victoria.-Tbe L Bank of NeA South Wales Pill PAo the lIAIF-Y -trl IThEAsR due on the lt of May 1856, on the Securities issued b tabeCorbororion-of the To et of Melbray. 1851 nder the authority of the Colonial Act of 17th Virtoria, No. 23, "nd sch prtDon of the Principal as sa the n beome dues Parties entitled to receive such principal sun and interest are requested ttolodge theisecuritiesheld bythem at thisicoe,withalist wettingffrth the numbers, dates, and damnt t of the samet in order thatthey m nayreoeben payment in tbree clear days atterthe day of racb lodguient. JOHIND SALMNDRS, Secretary. 37. Carnon-street, London, April 14,156. CIITY of MELBOUdNE LOAN, VictoNide-The AulntonTfankof ANstralio will PAYrAi onor aftertthe lsttroximos the HAF-YEA&Rs INTEI IEST dne on the ltit of May, hId, on the Debentuores issued b,ibe Corporation of the city of Melbourne. cnder the authority of " The Melbourne Imnprovement Act. 1854.",acd " The lelbourne Im proemrent Act, 18S5 ."also the a rinxcpal rums of such oOthe'DcbentUres as shall then become due. Patties entitled to receive the safe are requested to lodge their searities at thic oeRiceo with a list setting fds' the gaoid nte, andl ierant, in order that they nny obfair paymrens in thre clear days after the day of sach losgsmPnt h 7 .pit D.LSAUNdErS, Secretary. 3.Old Broad-street, London. April14.156i. AtUSTRIAN aud BELGAy COUPONS, duerthe Ist oE Mfay. arc nowv being PAID, on pre3sentation.- at thb bheat rates; also drafts gr-.tted on Paris and other chief continental cities. at cur cuice, S1. Ceorhill, poplosite the Royal Exchange,-SAUE and MONTAGU, bullion merihaots and loreign hankser3. - public is I aianOlzra s imdeth grnd ntrnec au unerthe suporintendence of Mr. Parsons. The charges never vary-viz pit stalLs, £1 Is.; amphitheatre stalls, 7s.; pit. Th Madame Grist will make he. hrsnler3ance o'ext Thrsan53y. Signor Mariowiul perform the dirs and B allet, and the beet exertions used to make the arrangements Wrorthy of the ncoslonr The prospectuls wiSll nneditely be ssuedS. Pit boxes, 120to 180guineas; graLndtiir,150 ta 200 guineas: one pair, 1S0 to 150 gunmeas; twro pals, 7$ tol100 guineas; pIt stall, S5 guinea, The box-ofice is now ropen. l+RURY-LANE.-EBuffish Opera.-Firstand Second .J' Nights of Auber's ce!ebrat9d opera. Pra Diavolo.-THIS EVENING aud To-morrow. FRA DIAVOLO: M1r. Henry Haigh, Mfr. Mangers, Mbfr Durand. 3iss Dyer (first time). ulEn annyEeeyes, &c. To conclude- with (each evening) THE MAT }1 . Tom Tug, Mr, Henry Haigh: Wilhebmnm3, M,ini Dyer. On Monday next, Lucia, Edganlo. Mr. Elliot Galer (bis first appearance since his return frem Italy); Luci,Lucy Escott. An engagementhsingbeen formed with Mr. and hlMr Florence, the celebrated American sartistes, they will have thelsonour of appearing, for the first time in England. on Monday next, in one of their most popular national comediettas, entitled The Yan'see Housekeeper. rEATRE ROYAL, iSHAYMARKET.-THIS t EVENrNG (Eday) and To-morrow (Satuday),to coummence at 7 writh TH1E BALACE OF COORT. After which the new and greatly 1succesful comedy of THE EVIL GEN\IUS. Tom ipaWtone (the EvilGen!.us, Mr. Buckstone; Hill Cocley. Bsq. Mr. Chippendale;. Joe Withers. Mr. Compton; Walmsley. Mr., W. Farren; Lady tingwood, Miss Reynolds; Mrs. Montgomery, Wr Poynter; Clara, Miss .vanborough.. And t.he renouned Spanih Dancer. Pere. Nman, with Mnuel Perec and a^ complete Compayof SpanishGorypieCes, ll appear in the new. and brilliant ballet of ELh GAMBUSINO(; or. The Mexicrn Goleseeker. A'ter which, LEND IE FIVE 8EHIL INGS. . Mr. Gelightly (bis original character), Mr. BucksTone. On Monday next and during the week, The Evil Genius; the Spanis Dancers: and, in consequence of ies great succecs, Grimshaw, Befahaw a^ndBradshaws. R OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. -aTidms tiEVENIG, THIE COESICAN BROTHEIES: TE VICTOB V/AN IB,El): and A PRNNCE FOB AN HIOUR. To-morrowr (Saturday). the Theatre vill be Closed in consequence of a night rehearsal of The Winter's Tale. BO=AIjPRICESssTHATRE.-lYr. and MIrs. . C}AIES KEAN respectfully inform the pnblbc that their ANNUAL BENEFIT will tal-e place on onday 3ext. April 28 on which occasionwiU be produced Snakspeare's play of THIE WINTER'3 TALE. Leonte;, Mr. C. Kean; HIermione, Mrs. C. Kean. FHEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Novelty FirstT rate-Crowded Honses.-Every Nht the new Adelphi dcana fas perfonned before HlerMajesty) called L e and Unlike. in which Mr. B5. WVebster. Nr. Wright. aud31sdamo Celeste will1 apPear.-LastNight of the Rsyal Pantoniima.-To.morrowv (Saturday), Urgent Privato Aft irs at second price.-THIS EVENIN[G, the greatl successful dra na of LIEE AND UNLIKE; by Mr. B. Webster, Enr. Wright, anud Mladame Celeste. With JAC1K AN'D THIE BEANI STALK TrHEATRE ROYAL, SADLEPR's - VELLS.- J Splendid triumph of Nr. Charles Dillon in the. ch7racter of Belphegor. Each evening he has been enthusiasticall called bofore the curtaoi at the end of every act to receive the deafening applause of a delightedauditory. AsMr. Dillon'sengagementisonlyforl2nights, the public should lose no time in seeing the greatest actor since Edmund Ken. Mrs. C. Dillon will apear each evening as Madeline. The eminent German danseuse, WlM=e. Bertha Cas5imer, from the Im perial Theatre, Vienua, will appear in her national dances, hI Jaleo de Xeres and La Cracovienne. Mir. James Rogers and 3Miss Harriet Gordon every evening. Boxes. 3s. aud 2s.; pit, ls. gallery, d.- R OYAL SURREY THEATRE.-Immense Hit.- t Increasing pommlrity of HOW. WE LIVE. This great and important secret will be disclosed every night until further notice. Production of a new farce. The great sensation created by mons. Hanlon has induced the Management to engage him forl2 nights more. fSTANDAD THEATRE.- THE VIVOhTE A'S TALE (unparaleled in histrio t l Ileontes, Ir. H. M5arston (of the Theatre Roal, Sad tr'syes Hlemunone, MSiss Glyn. MissRebcccalsaacsvwil also appearin oer ROYAL ITALI:AN OPERA. LYCEUM. Second Appearance of Madame lonsio. To-mnorrow Evening (Saturday, April 26) will be performed (for the third time this season) Donizetti's opera, LVELISIR A ORE. Adina, M1adame Bosio (her second appearance this eeason); Giannetta, adamne TagEaSlico: Nenmorino, Signer Gardoul; Belosre. Signor TagliaScod tnd DulcamarM., Signor-LTncony Conductor-M1r. Costa 'IT conclude with (fur the thir time) a newrdivertisseient. entitled hES HADRYADEA . Princpal characters by 3dUies. E-per,' Genat, Combs. Enmma. Mr. Payne. and 31 Desplaces. Commence at S. The box-office, in the grand entrance under the portico, is op>en from 10 till ;5. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ D1t1RY-LANE.-ENGLISH OPEA URnder the nanagement of 3ressrs J . Tully and e. Kingsbur. TH IS EVENING. HE FB A DIAVOO. TraDisvolo, Mr. H.Haigh; Lorsnzo. Tor. Mnanvers; ordeAlcash, 1r. Durand; Zerdrb a .UissIDyer: Lady TIcshe Meiss F.GReeves. To conlude with THE WATERANG. THEATRE ROYAL, HCYMARKET. Under the Management of Mr. Buckatons. TH IS EVENI'G. THE BpAL TNCE OF COAN1F0ORT. l'ortington, Mr. Hlowe; Mrs. Torrington. M1iss Reynolds. After hhichT THE EVIL GENIUS. To be followred by EL GAIdIIUS13NO;or. The Mexican Gdllseek;er, To conclude with LEND ME FIVE SHLLINAGS. ROYHAL PTRNRCESS THATE.H Uonder the Mr anagement of 3Tr. Charles Kean . TEIS EVENING will be presented THIE CORSICAN- BROTEEP.S Ftien and b ouis do FrWnchi, by V r. C. Kean. After Sehich, THE VICToR VANQUISHED. To conclude vTthAPBINCEFOSTN HO UJR. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ THAEATRE ROYAL, ADELPA Proprietor, Mr. B WLebster Dietres, Madame Ceet. THIS EVENING will be presented LILLE WAT NLIKE. Cha racters by ,lessrs B. Webster, Wright, P. Bedford C. Sely, Garden,g' Moreland, H;ezuy Madamc Celeste.MiEss WVycdham, MissaLndlaw, lc. To conclude with JACTH AD THE BEAN STALK. ROYAL OLYAPIC TH 'RE.B Lnesee, fr. Alfred Woigan. THIS EVENING wiU be presented STIL EPATEORS RUN DEEL. Jfobn 3Tildmnay. MSr. A RWian- Mrs.r Hector Sternhold, Mr.tirling. ToconcludewitK THE TeISREET PBINrCESS. Charaters byMeMosr& F. Robs on lmery. DRovers, l. Cooper. Write, Cllft. n : lsse3JudiaSC. George, Ternan, Mardton, Mtaskee, and Stcphens. Commn.ce at J stl. THEATR ROYAL, TADLEATRWEI,S. Under tse .Manarement of r. George A, WebSer. THIS EVENING will be presented H ELPE GOR. T1E WOIUDTEBAN: or, The Pride of Birth Characters by MeClrt. Charles Dican, J. Rogers, Edga sBarrett, G.MAiWebster: . eadames C. Dilon. i. Gordon, Cnthbert ac After which. I Jaleo de YeOes and La Cracovienne. To conCnude with THE E SWISS COTTAGE ROLYAL SURREY THEATRE. Leaees, Messrse Shepherd and Cceswick. T'IS EVVEN'IN'G will be presented Hf OWY WE LIVE I L TDE WORLD OF LON,DON. ClhsractersbyM1essrs. Shepherd, C.A, Calvert, J. H. Rickords, VWiddiconib. &-c Mkisses Marriott, E. Sanders. Ac Alter which, AeHablon'sPerformaneesi To be follov edby SAREAH YOUNG MAN. To conclude wvith TEE POSTMAN'S3 KOCK. ASMTLE' ROYAL AMPITHaEAXTRE. Lessee and Mlanager, M1r. W.Cooke. THIS EVENING will be presented MIAZEPPA AND THE WIL EORSE. After vhich. the Scenes in the Circle. To connindewith NCGLAND'S HARVEST HOME AND NATiONAL STEEPIE CHASE. _________ __ TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the prIce of Ihe Timer is reduced to 4xL, and that isld. s the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous commnnications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the vriter; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertlae to return rejected communications. t3r Te publication of TErs T:n,cg commenced &t 5 o'clock yesterday moriug, and finished at a quarter to 10. .
LOH12O.Y, FRIZDAY. APRIL 25. 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, Lord BROUGnAr presented a petition from the magistrates of Cumberland, complaining of the evils arising from the Scotch law of marriage. Lord CAMPBELL concurred with Lord DrROuGK3A that the present state of the law was disgracefuL The Earl of A inDnm said he should, as on a former occasion, oppose any change in the present law. The Earl of 3diA-ExsnuRY gave notice he should bring forward his motion on the fall of Kars on Friday, May 2. Lord RAvxn\sworTH called the attention of the Government to the total failure of the arrangements made by the Admiralty for the accommodation of the Peers at the naval review. The idea that ]EfE MfAxsTY should be accompanied down the line by the Rouse of Peers was a good one, but it had utterly failed from the mismanagement of the Admiralty, combined, he admitted, with the breakdown .of the trains on the railroad. They were delayed on the way; there were further delays at Southampton; nnd the engiaes of tlhe Transit, the steamer allotted to them, provda& delfective .It returninTg they made 'way enoug to ran down a gunooat, but not enough to enable ti0em to roturil to Southamapton till 10 'cIock;4 and the.tiler-rope3 broLe beforethey got in. Such was the rshl ttlhe statiou afterwards that he saw a Bishop and a Privy Councilior take refuge in a third-class carriage. Their days pleasure ended i the Peers and Peeresses promenading the railway platformn late at nig'ht with nota carriage or cabto be got for love or money, Re-thoulght some explanation was req.uired. Earl Gr&uxvu,., though he had been one of the sufferers on the occasion, could not admit that ai the blame was on the side of the Govermnment much of the inconiienience arose from the breacing down of -the locomotives of the South-Westerii Company. The engines of the Transit were not defective, but the stokers had alowied the fires t6 go out; the Government could not be resDonsible for-such apoint of detail; every inquirysgould be made on the subject. The Earl' of 31ALYssnuxx said the Peers considered Earl Gnarix a kind of commander, as well as a fellow-sufferer; but, in 'the midst of their difficulties, he hailed a shore-boat and deserted the ship. He (the Earl of M1!Sr rsun) had to walk hbme at 3 o'clock in the morning. Lord CA3wrBmL would not impute all the blame to the Government, but there was some gross mismanagement on its part, that gave them an idea of Balakiava. The ship was in such difficulties on the way back to Soulthampton that two of his learned brethren, two of the Judges, wvere obliged to help work-at the capstan! Ee didnot get home till 4 in the mornng, but, as he was able to be incourt at 11, the cause of justice had not suffiered. TheEarlof CAnDras asked if therewasnotsome subordinate officer of the Admiralty responsible for the orders given. The Transit was shortly to be sent to the Crimea to bring back troops; her condition ought to be ascertained before she was de.. spatched. The subject was then allowed to drop. The Earl of CLArNR-LcARDE moved for copies of reports and correspondence relating to the ocCUpa3 tion of Parma by Austrian troops and the as. sumption -of the government of the Duchy by' Austrian authorities. The Earl of CLARENDoN explained that by a convention between the Governments of Parna and Modena and Austria the Duchies were entitled to call in the aid of Aattia in case of need. After the assassination of the late Duke of PAs_-A and during the subsequent disorders the DucuEsS declared the province in a state of siege, and, according to the convention, called in the aid of Austria; there had been no special intervention by that Power inconsequence of recent events, as anAustrian battalion hadbeen kept in Parma since 1849. In reply to a question by the Earl of Dznnv, The Earl of CLA-Ftmox stated that the papers on the questions pending with America would be laid on the table during the next week. The House then adiourned. In the House of Comnons, at the first opportunity .permitted by the rules of the Rouse, a torrent of complaints respecting the arrangements and derangements, so far as affected the members of the two Houses of Parliament, at the naval review onthe preceding day, burst forth from all parts of the House, which was imperfectly checJked by the statement of Lord PALmsTrox that the FThsT Lo1LD Of the ADnmALTr was prevented by official duties from being 'then present and affording explanation' LOra PtLPASTOZ acknovwledged thatthere had been great delay in the transit from London to Southampton,- observing that he had been upwards of five hours on the road, and Mr. XEWDEGATE, Captain SconBE, and'Mr. C. HowxAD directed their chief complaints against the mismanagement of the railway authorities. Iord Pi3ninroN laid upon the table the correspondence with the United States of America. Lord GoDEBICH moved an address to 1Rx MaESTYs- to state that the Rouse had observed with great satisfaction the zeal and prudence with which the Civil Service Commissioners had proceeded iB applying a remedy to evils of a serious character, the previous ex;istence of which had now been placed beyond dispute, and also the degree of progress nade towards the establishment of a system of competition aniong candidates for admission to the civil Eervice; to assure RT7nB l!lEsrY of the steady support of that Rouse in the prosecution of the sa lutary measures which she has been graciously pleased to adopt; and humbly to malke known to RxB MA§ JESTY that if she shall think fit further to extend them, and to make trial in the civil service of the methodof opencompetitionasa condition of entrance, that Eouse would cheerfilly provide for any charges which the adoption of that system might entail. 'In support of his motion he argued, from the facts stated in the report of the conmmissioners, that the partial competition now adopted did not go far enough; that it appeared that between one-third a-ndone-fourth of the nominees had been rejected as being unacquainted with the simplest rudimenis of knowledge; and he contended that adequate compensation was notfound in the supposed security afforded by the nomination system for the moral qualifications of the candidates. The enlarging the field of 'competition would, he said, open an avenue to honourable ambition, and thereby offeran indirect but a poweiful stirmulus to education. Patronage; besides its influence upon our representative system had an embarrassing effect upon the members of thai Rouse, whose relations with their constitnents ouight to rest, he observed, not upon the reciprocation of favours and benefits, but upon mutual confidence. The motion was seconded by Sir S. NoiruToTn, who insisted that amuch more efficient test of moral qualifications might be provided, under an open competition, than by the personal responsibility of the nomination system. The CNcEin.oxR of the ExCnEQuER said he should argue the motion simply upon the question whether the principle advocated by Lord GoDERi 'would or would not render the civil service more efficient than it was under the present system. That principle was open competition,-that was, that every person, without the recommendation of any one in authority, should be at liberty to compete for a situation in the service. The present system did not exclude competition, but it required a responsibility for the character of the candidate. Lord GoDiticH would give up this individual responsibility of the heads of departments, which appeared to him (Sir G. L}Ewis) an important security, and that it ought not to be dispensed with. If this principle of open competition were applied to the civil service, it would be impossiblenotto extend it to numerous offices filled by the coty magistracy, for no wellgrounded distinction could be pointed out. The principle embodied an entirely new mode of making appointments, which was not adoptedcby railway companies or by mercantile bodies, and it must be caried into effect not by an address, but by a bilL He recommended the Rouse to be content wvith the present system, at all events for another year; and he moved the previous question. MIr. GLADSTOxIM said he was indebted to the CsrAwcELLoiB of the ExcnEQuEm for his admission, and even assertion, that the only principle upon which this. m olion should be discussed was which system was most calculated to secure the efficiency of the civil service. The Ck&NcELKr. of thle ExCIIEQum had rested his argument upon what he badtermed a most important security-namely, the responsibility of the heads of departments; but would any one, Mr. Gi.-nsrox; asked, gravely say that there was any responsibility at all with reference to admissions of this kind? It was too insignificant and remote from view. Who had ever been called upon to respond for any one of these appointments r This supposed responsibility was a pure delnsion and stalking-horse. It had been said that, if the motion were adopted, all minor appointments throughout the country must be opened to competition; but the House was not asked to agree to a sweeping. vote, appEcable to al appointmentsin the public service ; the address only assured Han MAjES that, if disposed to make trial of open competition in the civil service, she should receive the support of that House. Mr. LusmNGTON opposed the motion. Parliament should not, he thought, rnsh into liovel expe- riments when the desired object had been obtained. He wished the motion had been met by a decided negative. In order to obviate a technical objection to -tie form of the motion it w ras, 'with the permissio n of the House, changedinto a motionforacomniittee to consideran address to EBR MAs,rsri, ti e motion of the previous question being renewed. lSr. EwART advocated the principle of open competition, 'which, he said, would give a proper dirction to the power of the Rouse. The great danger
Lord GODsUCn is fornimate in being the spokesman of a cause which is sure to keep itself alive, ;and to present itself every year with fresh force. So long as every member of Parliament is supposed to have an indefinite power of recommending yoiug men to the dispensers of patronage, and so 7ong as every pzst brin3gs him some appeal which lie can only answer and throw into the fire, there will be a strong feeling against the whole placehunting and begging-letter system. It is quite vain to tell people that withont patronage you canmRot get gentlemen, ormenwiththose sociable qualities that are necessary to co-oDeration, for the simple -reason that almost everybody knows young men -vith just those qualities, and a good many besides, -who nevertheless will never get a Government office, if they try ever Bo hard. Patronage is defended on the ground that it secures certain qualities, which, in fact, it does not always secure, and often excludes. Wor is the pressure on mem- baus of Parhiament at sdl diminished by lac iaow practice of selecting by examination from a certain unuber of nominees. The, stirugle is'no5 to get nominated, and, 'as the nominations are perhaps twice as numerous as the appointments, it maj be said that Government has twice as much patrouage as it had, though the quLlity, being only the liberty of presenting oneself to an examiner, is a good deal deteriorated. In some quarters it is even represented that Government, being more ' anxious to oblige suppolters than young gentlemen, are ready to receive any number of nominations, at a proportionate cost of disappointments. Indeed, the illusion 'of patronage passes through several steps. The member of Parliament confers a favour by recommending the son of a constituent, and the head of some department confers another by taking his recommendation. 1f then, the object of these transmitted favours fails to do his part in the transaction, and is plucked, the only result is that the official's opportunity of obliging a supporter,' and the supporter's opportunity of obliging a constituent, will return quicker than it used to do. This is one prevalent explanation of the new' practice; and it shows that members of Parliameiit are not yet saved from the infliction of superabundant and impossible applications.' It is nothing but natural that they should desire most 'fervently to be relieved fiom the plague; and the only possible relief which occurs to them is, that the numerous promising young gentlemien for whose merits and, attainments they are expected to vouch should leave members of Parliament alone, and simply come up by rail, and present themselves in proprih persomi at the Government office, or at the place of examination for the Civil Service, and prove their pretensions by answering such questions as the examiners may please to put to them. No doubt the principle of competitive examination, like all other principles, must be applied with discretion. It admits of varieties both in manner and degree. Circumstances often leave little scope for choice. For instance, one -would not summon all the world to try for a village post-office ; nor is it necessary that all the depths of the human mind should be fathomed, and the whole encyclopoedia of knowledge explored, in order to find which is the fittest man to enter a ship's cargo in the books of a Custom-lhouse. In the lower class of officers it is sufficient that a man be ascertained to possess certain merits and attainments, and it is but lost labour to inquire how much more lie possesses. The candidate for a place in the Excisethough that was deemed the fittest reward the sweetest of Scotland's poe'ts could receive from his country-will not gauge spirits, the better for being conversant with Roman antiquities, or able to discriminate betweenthe different sects of Greek philosophy. In the Colleges of Oxford they examine the candidate for a Fellowship in everything that a gentleman ought to know, to feel, or to do, wlhile reading, writing, arithmetic, and respectability are all they require for the post of under-porter. For the former examination all the College is assembled, and engaged a whole week; the latter, on the contrary, is left to the undivided. responsibility of the head of the College, who uses his eyes, puts a few questions, makes some private inquiries, and soon fixes on the man. We should be the last to push examination, in its technical form, so far as to exclude those means of knowing men which depend not on pen and ink, and take not the form of question and answer. It the candidate for an office requiring good sense, gentleness, and tact is evidently a raw pedant rather than a " ripe " good scholar," is conceited, harsh, brusque, and otherwise disagreeable ;-if, in a word, he is the sort of man that it is difficult to act with, and impossible to live with, nobodywould say that he ought. to be chosen simply because he can pass a better examination. That, indeed, is begging the whole question, for an examination -will not be a good one if it places such a man at the top. An examination, it should be remembered, decides two things. It chooses not only the man to fill the vacancy, but the men who are to live and work with him. VWhen we are selecting an unknown man it is the height of inhumanity and folly to forget the known-that is, the unfortunates who are already in the department, and whose efficiency and comfort will be seriously affected by the introduction of an ill-conditioned stranger. So much for the proper place, and limits, and mode of examination, which we maintain cannot he equally competitive and equaly open in all cases. But that it has not yet been carried far enough is elear to any one with a general acquaintance. In the highly-educated and highminded middle classes of the country there are thousands of families too independent to ask for anything. They expect nothing. They will subscribe themselves to no master, and sell -their cherished independence to no party or chief. It is their household tradition to work their own fortune,-to rise by merit, or not at all. Were the examination for the Civil Service not only competitive but absolutely open, so that any youth could present himself with proper testimonials and demand to be examined, the most independent father would not object to his son coming up and trying for a place. As things now are he won't ask any one, and very likely has no one to ask. But, after the disclosures of the last two or three years, who will deny that not only our Civil Service, but every Government service, wouild be purified, quickened, and invigorated by a large infusion of this peculiarly English element? Government has only to put the requirements of office high enough, and it will not be overwhelmed with candidates, a point which Mr. LItoucuxaxB has brought out very strongly. So, though we have reierred to the middle classes as an undeveloped mine of honesty and intelligence, we have little doubt the Government examiners would be able to bring the number of actual candidates within a moderate compass. It is a matter requiring tact, and perhaps also some additional experience, but so long as there is a numerous and respectable class in this country which is totally excluded from the Government service by its independence, its modesty, or political circumstances, in our opinion an open competitive examination is necessary to procure for Government the benefit of their services.
A review is, of course, supposed to present a "dim image of war" for the benefit of those who have not seen the stem reality. If judged by this standard, the proceedings of Wednesday may be considered as having represented with much success the warfare of which they were intended to celebrate the close. It was somewhat unf6rhunate that the British public, a little disposed to be captious and sarcastic on Government arrangements, should have been reminded so forcibly of more serious failures by the mistakes, delays, and inconveniences which marked this dayof pleasure. We doubt whether the majority of the fatigued sightseers who straggled back to their homes in London when the light of yesterday was dawning did not make angry comparisons between the Crimean bunglings and Baltic shortcomings of the past war, and the perverse want of order which marred the enjoyment of the great national holyday. Transport and Commissariat failed in the Crimea, and, to preserve a strict analogy of proceeding, the visitors to Portsmouth were by tens of thousands condemned to spend some ten or twelve hours on a journey which should only have occupied %is, and tvere sent home exhauted with hunger and fatigue to declaim againat 'lthose 7.q 'had the, management of things in genieraI-on the day of the Great vafal Reie*v, The disasterg of the day. began and ended- wth the6 railways. Some people `nuay have been inclined to laugh ajt the, eager sightseers who-crowded to Portsmouth a day before.the time,- aiid purchased with 51.- notes the hospitality of extortionate publicans; but' thesej a, least, had rest and food. It was not so with many of the i visitors of Wednesday. Numbers arrived;at the Waterloo tenninus long before 5 o'clock in the morning. Those who were not to start until nearly 7r might think themselves fortunate. As 6 o'clock approached London was as noisy as at midday. There was a train, as the tickets described it, "for Cabinet Ministers, &c. ' a train for Diplomatists, a train, for the Lords and Commons. The fate of the foreign Representatives we have not heard, but eveni the most indionant of them will hardly feel inclined to address a strong note to the Foreign-office when he learns how the most high-placed of our, owvn rulers and legislators suffered. The .-" Cabinet. " Ministers, &c.," left London in a huge train of some 40 carriages. Matters had' been conducted on principles of true .republican- equality. The early comers seized i1w few first-class carriages, and when some of the rulers. 6f our land arrived, at a few minutes before the time for starting, they were told that they must take second-class carriag,es, or not go at all. After small displays of indignation the more sensible submitted to fate, and, accompanied by their households, took their seats on the hard and greasy boards which for yearspast have conveyed the farmers and mariners of the South-West. "It is only for two hours" was, of course, the self-consolng speech. But they little, knew their destiny. In a short time convulsive whistles in front and a diminution of speed gave notice of something wrong. The 6 o'clock train, full of less privileged sight-seers, had broken down, and might be perceived a short distance ahead. Of course, nobody was in fault ; the engine was one of the best in the company's possession, every precaution' had been taken; the accident was perfectly iuaccountable. But it was somewhat unpleasant to learn from printed tick-ets that 10 o'clock was the latest time for embarking, and to have in prospect a leisurely journey at the rate of eig'ht miles an hour. However, the public in general might take heart. The Legislature of the country was half a mile behind, and surely care would be taken that they should be in time. If London was not in time for the review, of course the review would wait. After much signalling, whistling, and shouting, something was done. Whether the passengers attached to the un-, fortunate engine received asistance or were shunted off, whether they were in time for the review, whether they ever reached Portsmouth or Souithampton at all, is at present a great nystery. However, the succeeding trains again accelerated their speed, and in about four hours and a-half the " Cabinet Ministers, &c.," descended at the Portsmouth tcrminus. It need not be said that the steamers had left for Spitlhead. A race through the streets and through the fr-agrant dockyard, a bot crush on the pier, an embarcation on grimy steam-tugs, followed; and happy were those who,. at a considerable time past midday, fo-und themselves on board the vessel to which they were destined. Then followed the review. Of this great spectacle it is our purpose to. speak with all respect. The number of line-of-battle ships, of fiigates, corvettes, and gunboats, has been faithfully recorded. Any one may learn how many horse power was, comprised in it, which ships were to starboard and which to port, how far the line extended, and how many rounds the gunboats fired. We doubt not that it was a striking exhibition of Britain's power, calculated to carry terror to the hearts of her enemies on every sea. But it was certainly not amusing. People all did their best to think that they were excited, but it was of no use. A modem five-act tragedy, an exhibition of Highland sports, a lecture on the pottery of 'the ancients wfould have been exhilarating by comparison. Ve cannot help feeling that our allies wvith a couple of old 32-gui frigates and half-a-dozen brigs would have made a more attractive sight. We are told that the programme was pretty closely adhered to. " The gunboats " steamed dlown the line, and passed up it again on the outside." " Soon after 3 o'clock the "Royal yacht was seen standing towards the "Rodney and London, anchored E.N.E. of the " ab .ighlt, as pivot ships." " The line-of-battle "ships passed betveen the pivot ships, doubling "back outside them, and returned in the same "order to their former stations." " Then began "a mimic attack on Southsea Castle. Each gun"boat approached and delivered a brisk fire of six "rounds, which the castle was unable to return "from considerations for the safety of the spe"tators, who had been allowed to take up a posi"tion between the belligerents. This exciting "spectacle concluded the evolutions of the day." We have spoken hitherto of the more fortunate-the " Cabinet Ministers, &c."-who saw all that the fleet performed. These operations of our navy were, however, piot witnessed by the Legislature which had called it into existence. The indignation of both Houses was expressed last evening in no measured terms. The Commons appear to have been in time for at least a portion of the spectacle. But the Lords were indeed in evil case. After a tedious journey, and a long delay on the Southampton pier, they embarked on board their steamer, the Transit, under an evil star. This ill-fated craft first fouled her anchor, then let her lires out, then brolke down, and then ran over a gunboat. The Commons were too late for the commencement of the review, though it was difficult to say when it did commence, unless you were told by some one in the secret. But the Lords saw nothing at all; and, after lying helpless nearly all day, their steamer waddled back to Southampton at 11 o0clock at night, and, after a fierce struggle at tne station, the British Peerage obtained seats in a train which reached London at 4 o'clock yesterday morning. Although this event has been the talk of the world for weeks, everything seems to have beenr done in haste, and inefficiently. HER MAJXSTY, for example, was hurried to and fro on the day of the review, although a Royal residence stands on the banks of the Solent. She was thus exposed to most unnecessary fatigue, and the traffic of the line, already overburdened, was further deranged by the Royal train.We cannot but thinkl, too, that the naval evolutions might have been a little nmore adapted to the uninitiated taste. Landsmen and ladies certainly' expected to see something more than vessels unmeaningly steaming to and fro at several miles' distance. A little firing, some approach to a mock battle, though perhaps below the dignity of the profession, would have caused the day to pass somewhat more agreeably. "When is the review "to begin T' "Oh, it has begun; don't you see "the gunboats are nearing. the 'Nab ?" Such were the questions and answers at the very crisis of the spectacle. But this is a small matter. WThat aU rankls of people have to complain of is the shameful neglect of the Government and the Directors of the railway. The pulblic has k~een lbr weeks invited-to visit -Porfsnmouth-b'on this oion. The manTagers of the South-Westerji Railway Svqe been foremosti& holding out inducements. 'icURts have been issued giving the right of going- and returning by. certai, special trains. Refy,injg ona them, men;, womern, and children left their hame3 on Wednesda,y morning, after snatching a hasty meal almost e before dawfn. Thousands were at the Waterloo terminus before 5 o'clock. Great numbeia went on board steamers where no refreshment was prvided, relying on the assurances - of* the company that they would be i London by the evening. Wliat was the result ? Crowds arrived at the Portsmouth station at- the proper time, and were refused admittance. After waiting for houm, the bands, of unfortunates were crammed into a train of monstrous length, ' drawn by a single engine. In one case they were more than seven hours on the road. Thousands did not reachtheir homes till 3 and 4 o'clock in the moFning. TheBritish public has been taught what mismanagemaent is, and we trust that-this argumenturn,'ad ho2iziinem will convince the most unbelieving that other and more serious disasters have not been selfgenerated and unavoidable., Let them look on the Grand Naval Review as the type of greater operations, and, if they learn a lesson from it, it will not have been held -in vain.
It is a pity persons cannot see where to stop. Had Mr.. BAIxEs remained content with his: defensive victory over Lord Joiry'~ RussELL an'd his success in repelling innovation upon the existing system of education, everybody would have given him credit -for beiii; a wise, a moderate, and a sagacious combatant. But his letter in- ourcolunis yesterday considerably alters his position in this respect. It seems that he is not content vwith tne success he has got, but is for pushing further. This is quite a different' thin,; and we must tell Mr. BANES that we cannot go along with him in this new and further 'move. He is now departing from the existing system as much in one direction as .Lord Jo6m Russ=m was in another. Me is the innovator now.. He has stepped into Lord Jon- Russm'?s place as a disturber of an existing state of things, and:an, aglgressor upon the system in practical operation among us; a system which it cannot be denied, on the whole, works well, and which, is acknowledged on all sides to be producing great good. Mr. BnES's letter amounts to nothing less than a call upon us to do away with the whole existinlg system of State assistance to education throughout the country, and to throw ourselves wholly and exclusively upon' the principle of voluntary subscription. His great argument for this change-that on which he is constantly insisting, and on which he relies for persuading - the public-is the argument of expense. He tries to frighten us with figures. We do not know how miuch the present system is costing us at this moment, and how much more it will cost us next year, and how much more the year after that. The grant in 1833 was 20,0001. hi 1856 it is 451,0001., as proposed. " It surely -behoves," he says, " the House of Commons and the public " to look at the manner in which this grant is " advancing.'" Undoubtedly it does. At the same time the main question is not whether the money is spent simply, but whether it is well spent. The capitation grants excite Mr. BAirES's lively alarm. These in 1854 amounted to nearly 6,0001., and in 1855 to 10,0001.; tut in 1856, in consequence of a new minute of Privy Council to extend them to schools generally under Government inspection, instead of confining them to, schools in rural districts and in snaller unincorporated towns, they will amount to 40,0001. And as the schools throughout the coluntry come more and more under Government inspection the, amount will become larger and larger. A total of 18,867 schools, with 1,703,027 scholars, will- involve a capitation grant of 383,0001. 3Ir. BAixEs then swells this last number to 766,0001., on the strength of a proposal of Mr. ALcoox that the capitation fee should be doubled. WVe must remark enpassant on Mr. BA_m's's skill in the art of computation. He makes 40X0001. 380,0001. by one leap of his imagination, and 380,0001. 7766,0001. by anotheer. The first addition will take place if all the schools have the capitation grant; the second, if the capitation grant is doubled, as MIr. ALcocx proposes. But he has not told us when all the schools in the country 'will receive the capitation grant, and there is no proof that Mr. A;cocR's proposal wvill ever be adopted. However, having frightened us with Mr. ALcocxes addition, he withdraws it again, and his 'figures, as we understand them, finally stand lthus :-1,703,027 scholars, at a rate of 14s. 9d. perhead, making asumtotalof 1,255,9811. "Then " add the amount which may possibly be given in "C apitation grants, as shown above, viz., 383,1801., " and we obtain an aggregate possible expenditure, " at the present rate, of 1,639,1617. a-year. Nor "C is this all," he adds; for he shows an alarming increase going on " in the rati6 of expenditure to "the number of scholars," which was in 1850 uls. Id. per scholar, and in 1855 14s. Od. per s^holar. So much for Mr. BALN-Es's figures. And the first remark we must make upon them is, that Mr. B_il NEs appears to us to have made a great mistake in making so much of the one item of expense. Doubtless expense is a serious tlhing, and these are not times for increasing the public burdens; but expense is not the first and greatest difficulty in the matter of education. Lord JoHux RuSSELL'S scheme was not opposed solely or even mainly on the ground of expense, but on the ground of its superseding the voluntary and healthy basis on which national education at present rests, and its tendency to inflame religious differences. Of " possible expenditures" we cannot speak, but to object to anything like our present rate of expenditure in so important a cause as that of education would be absurd. And this is a bad time to iuge such an objection. Surely, a nation which can spend millions upon millions upon a war for an European object can afford a few hundred thousands a-year for its own education. The voluntary principle is unquestionably a most important element in our present system. But this principle should not be pressed too far. It is enough if it has sufficient play to 'insure a proper amount of private zeal, benevolence, and devotion in the cause of education. When this has been secured the State aid may fairly come in to the due relief of the burdened private purse. You must not expect too much from private charity, there are so many other claims upon it, and claims of more immediate urgency than that of education. Our system is a mixture of the private and the public basis, the voluntary principle and. State support; and this mnixturie in it appears to act well, and to gain for the cause of education tho advantage of individual feeling and sympathy; while it does not ov'ertax and burden them. MIr. BAMzs'-s illustrationi of the effect of the present system of State support in checking private charity is not a very successful one. " I know," he says, " a member of Parliament who contri"buted liberally to a public school, but who urged "the comnmittee to take a Government grant, "alleging that it would enable him to reduce hI "suibscription. !They re,fised, adl he -withdrezo his ' subscriPtion altogether."' Ir. BAimS's friend, it appears, was ready to subscribe to a school if it received Government support, lgit would not sul- trib& if .itdid nceive Eis charity, th&i, Was evi-dently greater Iwhe it went i1 company with`Staie 'assiitan`ce thin whn -was deprived of , .. z :, .~ dei :' p' . r i-: ._ As 'fo,r Ji r. Bsxs's objectfio f-c t ve - mnent' sa,l o6f school&books,, o, t od of, i,ts interference with the trade, that dos it :i2nt to but thatthe trade is, so far as these school£ &' concrned, 'eprived of purc6asers "A r certa ii niumber of customers are withdrawn 'rbm it. We know of ,o principie; social or political, iv~y this should iot be done, if an inportant objet is gainedl by it; and cheap books are a most i- portant object im education. The injury to 1he trade, it it can be called such, is only negative; Public improvement interferes in numberless- | instances 'with the priate profit of one or other commercial class; buti this incidental effect is not considered to be a Lawful hindrance to the' cause. We can hardly speak with gravity of - another objection of M1r. B_1Es'S-the. rcontinental despotism which he, conjures up out of the supposed influence of Government on school, inspectors and the parents of pupil teachers.,' A man must;:want to'be frightened very much if this frigthtens hilm, and must, lie a child, be deter-, mined to nmake a ghiost out of the moonshine, andc detect'a thief in the jiedpost.: '
COUIRT BCUrA-R ; - Their Boyal HligEhieses theDnchess of Cambridge and' :tho Princess Miary viisited the Queen yesterday at Euclidugbaun Palace. . : . .o osbc His P.oyal Thibnesa the Prince Consort rode onhorsebaclc inthe forenoon, tteIdedby Colonel F. H. Seymour. The Prince of -Wales and Pnince Alfred honoured' the Gallery of the-New Society of Painters in Water Colours in Pall-mall vuth a-vest. ger Majesty and Prince ATher, accompanied' by the Prnncess Alice and the Princess Hielena, took a drive in the afternoon in an open landaa and four. Iord Alfred Paget and Colonel F. H. Seymour attended on horseback The Queen had a dinner party in the evening. The com-- pany included her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, - the DXuke of Newcastls, the Earl and Conntess of Clarendon,. Lady Fanny Howard, Lord James Murray, General iViana, and Admiral SirE. Lyons. .-- The Hon. Mary Sleymour and the Hon. Emily Cathcart have succeeded the Hon. MJisses Stanley and Kerr as the Maids of Honour in Waitin to Her eaj'atth A deputation from Highways and Puoic Works Commiittee of the vestryof St. Pancras had an interview with the Tiest }on. Sir Benjan Hall yesterday, at the ofihce of Public Works, Whitehal The deputation consisted of Messrs. Beard, Lawford, Timpson, and W.inter, and Mr Scott, chief surveyor to the vestry.
PABLIAMENTARY 'OTICES. HOUSE OF COMMONS. FRTDAY. APrm 29 OICDKRS or THm DHAV Police (Counties and Boroughs) Bill,- Committee. I5re InusurAnes Bill.-Adjourned debate on se ondreading( April21). Parochial Schools (Scotland) BDI.-Second reading. Bankers' Compositions Bill,-Commnittee. NationalGalleryBill,-Secondreading. - Poor law (Ireland) Bill,-Second reading. Metropolis Local Mauagement Act Amendment Bill,-CoMinittce. Prisons (Irelaud) Bil -Committee Juvenile Offenders (freland) Bill,-Committee. Cambridge University Bill,-Committee. Wills and Administrations Bill.-Second reading. Scotch and Irish Pauper Removals BiM,-Second reading. Supply,-Committea. - Ways and Means.-Committee. Poor Law x Anendment BiUl,-Second reading. Vaccination Isill,-Comlmitteo. Partnership Amendment (No.2) BiDd,-Second reading. Oath of AbjurationOBill-CoFmOttee. Education (Scotland) Bil,-Secood reading. Jeint-Stock Companies BDIl.-Conumittee. Oivil Scrvice-Committee. P'ublic Workis (Ireland) Bill,- Consideration of L.ords' amendments. SoTICES OF arTosona. Mr. M'shon,-To ask the Chief Secretaryfor Ireland why a return, orderedduring last session, of the several districts into which the different counties of Ireland are divided for thepurpose of holding a session of the peace and Civil Bill Court has not been presented; and, whether it is the intention of the Government to introduce any measeue for assimlUating the Assistant-Barristerse Courts to the English County Courts, in respect of the frequency of their sittings in each tow-n, or at least to compel the holding of a court in each divisional town once a quarter. Mr. WVe11s,-To ask whiether the Government has come, or is about to come, to any decision as to the removalof the National GaUery of pictures-frbm Trafalgar-square to the site recently purchased at BrOpton, inuccordancowith the recommendation of the committee of IS5: andwhetherany, and, if so, what opportumitywil be afforded to the House of expressing its opinion on the subicet of that recomimendation. 3Tr. Stirlng,-To ask hEether it is the intention of the Governmneit to bring in any measure during the present session for the regulation of uncensed pawinbroliers in Scotland: or to move. for, orsanction, Mr. H. nA. Herber,-_Tno aUskvhe^otchoenrthere is any prosplect of the proposed armangements for accelerating the po'tal and passenger communication between I.ondon and Dublim being c mupleted; Whether any proposalJshave been made to the Government by the Londn an frhWsenand the Chester adHlha ala C ompanies, and the City of Dnblin St,heam racjedt CopuYany, fovr sc accelscation, or by the Government to the m;id companies for the same '~SI1soether the Secretary to the Treassiry vwil have any objection to lay on! the table of the House copies of any memoranda, letters, or proposals that may have passed between thie Treasury, the Post-office,, andtiesaicomanis o th sujec ofposal adsssner commnunication between London and Dublin since the issung f a Temasr minute dated October 19, 1&iS. SirG.B Pechell,-Return of all moneysexpended bytheBoardof Trade on the Paris Exhibition, IS55. detailing each item above £5. Sir G. B. Pechell,-Return of each parish and township in England and Wales in which the poor are managed under the provisions of the act 22d of GeorgeII, chap. 83. commonly calledGilbert's Act. Gencral Wyndham,-Copies of minutes and papers aud orders of commssiner, rlatve o th reucton f tllsin the ninth district (as referred to inthe petitiZonhfrorm inhDabidtantlsof Kinglantd), with the names of coDmmssioners present at the meeting wthen such reduction swas made. ShrF. Kelly,-Bill totransfer to a distinct court the testamentary and matrimonial jurisdiction of ecclesiastical and other courts, and to amend the law in relation to matters testamentary andmatrimonlaL . Mr. L. King,-Return of all nume p3aid out of ecivl contingencies in 183, I&S' and 1855. and not charged to civil contingencies. bMr. L. King,-Copy'of the memorandum of the Attorney-General as to the plan of proceeding in consideration of the statutes. Mr. ralk,-Address for return of the number of iris proved and administrations granted in each year during the last five years by the episcopal, archdeaconry, andpeculiar courts proposed tobeabolished by theWillsandAdrministrationsBill, showing the number of probates and administrations in each year under each progressive rate of stamp duty. Mlr. Mass~ey,-Retumnof alltithescommuted and apportioned under the act of the 6th and fth of WilHam IV., chap. V, from the n1st of December, 1547. to the 31st of December, 1S56. Mr.Oen Stanley,-To ask if any distinguishing mark of honour or rewarad into be given to these officrsand men who have been engaged in.thearuou duy f Se tenhes an atacs uonthe enemy's w=orks, during the siege of astopol or ifit in nten thatteie Crimean medal end Sebastopol clasp which is bestowed upon all, however employed, insto be the only marik of the enduring constancy displayed by those gallant men through all th hardships and dangers of that protracted siege. .ord C. lIamiton.-To ask the intentions of the Government as to the constitution of the permanent staff of the militia, in the event of that force being disembodied. Mr. Layar3,-To ask a question asto the accuracy of a retmun on the sutbject of masters in the navy, presented to the House in March last. .Ir. Byng-To allthe attention of Governmctt to the statement made on llonday night that, wihile no day of thanksgiving or special form of prayer hascbeen proposed on the restoration of peace, inasmuch asthe conditons of the said peace have not asset been formally authorized by the Secretary of Sntate for °thne-WLar Dsce, have been bration o£ thoabove event. Mr. Laing-To ask some explanation as to the intention of the Government of sending troops to Canada.
The Clhancellor of tle Exchequer acknowledge3 the receipt of 151. for an error in Legacy Duty, with interest, from " N. H.," " J. H.,"' " G. H.," and others. W.IEST=rNSTrE RAGoED Ain LNDuSTtiAL SCHOOLS. -Yesterday a bazaar was opened at Willis's Ilooms, under the auspices of several benevolent ladies, including some of the aristocracy, in support of the funds of five industrial and ragged schools in the district of Westminster, which, established in one of the poorest parts of the metropolis, are of infinite service in providing a suitable education for hundreds of poor unfortunate children who would otherwise go uninstracted, and in rescuing manyyoung persons from a career of crime. These philanthropic institutions are to some inconsiderable extent self-supporting, but beyond that are dependent on the voluntary contributions of the wealthy and humane, and hence the present movement on their behalf. Throughout the wholo of yesterday the bazaar was crowded by an influential company, and the ladies in attendance at the several stalls, including Lady Jervis, Mrs. Backland, Lady Pollock, Lady Martin, Mrs. Carter Wood, Mrs. Malone, Mrs. Sau.trell, Mlrs. Gustard, Mrs. Cleasby, and others, drove a stirring trade. The bazaar will be resumel and concluded to-morrow (thnis day). Tii DESSPERATE BuP.GnY nS DXRsaYSsii}.-At the Ec'ington court-house on Wednesday Thom.as Jarvis, of Stav eley, miner, was brought before Messrs. I. Bowden and W. L. Bag*shawe, on a charge of being concerned, along with seven other men, in a desperate burglary Perpetrated at the house of Mr. Samuel Hodgkinson, farmer, of Beighton Fields, on the morning of Tuesday week. The particulars of the burglary appeared in The Trimss on Saturday last. Jarvis was apprehended on the inorningof the robbery, having been spoken to by one of MEr. lfodgkiason's grandsons as the man who firtenteredhiroom. Seven other men, namned John Eaigh~, Joshua Haigh, William Pollard, Samuel Shaw, John Rlodgers, John Berresford, and John Shaw.t were subsequently apprehended, and taken before the magistrates on Mionday along with Jarvis; but the whole of the men, with tho e2iception of Jarsi, were remanded at large, as none of them could be identified, the burglars having wvor masks and veils over their faces. Jarvis, however, was positively identified by George N~eedham; grandson of bIr. Hiodgkinson, who stated that the wind blew Jarvis's veil on one side as be entered the bedroom, and afforded witniess a full viewr of his facc, Mlr. Patteson, solicitor, appeared for the prisoner, and called several witnesses-, who swta2ted that Jarvis was taken home and put to bed in a helpless state of intoxicatiQa at 12 o'clock on the night of the robbery, which was perpetrated at 3 o'clock in the morning, and therefore cowuld notpossibly have tak>en part in it. At mask and veil were found in prisoner's house when he wras apprehended, and Needhaus speaking most positively to himn, the bench on Wednesday, commnitted' him to take his trial at the nex.t assizes ati Derby. The prisoner wras admitted to bail on his own re-j cognizances to the amount of 501., with two sureties in 23l. Txsrm3EoNr« TO DR. HESSAr.-A teSt:imOnial is about to be presented by the members of the medical aprofession and other gentlemen of rank and influence t o7Dr. Ilassall, in acknowledgment of his great and merYcsorious services to the public as detector of adulterations iye various articles of foodt. This testimonil was to have been presented on Wednesday evening at tho rem as'jns' Tavern, but the ceremony was postponed li cQfsCjence of the naval review at Spithead. ThEn Poor. BANx.-IMeasts. LedOard and Sons, of the Poole Bank,.h5ve requested as to state that no forgeries have been coininitted ulpoPthGin by the bev Ovens, as hN been st5ted,
I SODL.2D. lUTM MSW HO.A3,- TO THE EDXTI&R_OV' THB TTIMM 1 Sir,-lZotwitiisteaninz-ail the beas-volenco of t. e6intry4 -to the families- of-the soldiers-i-t-thwarmy in tho'riine'a vWar of 1856 vYet are practically 1esm careful of tln'in 1856 than we were, in-the gretat-war ened'by the b-ttla of' Waterloo in 1S15., The daughters eft'ourrsoldier- are not; oir supporwd'by the State, as they wrem in-S15. . InlS15 600girls'were maintained-aid educatedzt her .mul)lic expense at Chelsea, and at the HEiberuln aSc?ol, pnTib1in. In- 1SR;; not a single danlghter of asoldie.ris supported out of the p.&blie pre:- ~he SOnS of soldiersaeprovided. for,, bat the daught*gare literally cast out. This is the lore reiaarLsbab in. this age of boisted im: provement, but I- feelsure, from- thafl experience of.0 the power of your adv cacy in a- good cawe, that the-f soldier's helpless daughter'will:not long remainunprotected. Very- soon -will the: CzmeAn anny reach the shores of England, and the married soldier. will- once more meet his wife and family; but what. will be his surprise; after the first joy of meeting, to find: that- notwitlistindlng all that has been said in praisc of hisconduot in the7f'eld, aedall the sympathy that has been displayed towar-ds-his-famnily in his' absenoe, he will stiltl be compelled' to see his-dau nghter growing ap to womanhood in the barrikroom,.suzronnded with temptations which are but tcofatal to her moral: and eternal As usual in England, private benevolence hea made the first effort to rescue these. poor girls from deatraetion, and 100 of them are now sheltered from. harm at the " Soldier' Infant lome" at ILimpstead-an asylmn.which hasbeen honoured with the patronage of Her bostGracious Rajesty the Queen. Mlany more- are seeldng adminion, especially motherless girls, but want, of funds preytl their bemg tak-en in. Thisistheonlyasylum in the country espially established for the daughters of soldiers,.and I would calL uponall the highborn mothers andsisters oofficers in theCtinies, to support it. Why should not every mother or sister whowllSsoon.wel- - come their son or brother home determnine,, in gratitude;. to, save from destruction one daughter at-least ofttheir son'bre- ent by sending her to Hampstead ? For a certain. suUL she -will be maintained there and educated- for some industrial employment until the age of 15,-when a-situation will be found forher. 3fany a thankful hert. will.soon.bo saying, "What shall I render unto the Lord,for all His-benefits, to me ?" l would nswer,- "The same merciful Providence that has restored to you your son or your brother calls-upon. you now to save another's child from ntterruin."' V-n -r4t -lin A-+, : . L POWYS, Mzior, Ufhirnian of the Soldier'InfatEHome, - HmDpstead, April 24.
BASE COIBS. TO THE EDITOR O1 THE TIEES. Sir,-I can add to liMr. Whelan's comnmunication:of yesterdaythat sixpences are not the only spurions coins now in. circulation. In making up some change a few-days since I hesitated at a new shilling, bearing date 1845; wvich had not qnite the usual zinging sound. I examined it closely, but could see nothing suspicious. I cut it, tried its resistivestrength, and tested it with the acid, and still itappeared. satisfactory; but on a minute inspeCtion with thoglass, L discovered an apparent crack in the engrailment of the ed'e on applying the knife I raised a coating of silver of the substance of goodt Bath-post, and disclosed a body of.'white 'metal most admirably amalgamated to resist detection. It is the most ;erfect specimen of spurions- coin I ever *saw, andIfearwUll get extensively .circulated. I.can.only suggest a particular attention to the edge where a coin.as. the above date in connexion. with a slightly suspicious sound; the gravity and ductility of the body of the metal and the substance of the silver covering it nmy -well inclineone suspecting not to reject the offered coin. -anm: Sir, on rl+ rA __ - rA Ts I - T I I t . .. - W. S. ARNOLD. - -- -, -1 --., -P.. ?
ISATURDAY BIIr-HOLIDAY.-ILst niaht a- larae public meeting, presided over by the Earl of Shaftesburgy aind convened bythe Early Closing Association, wvas heldin Exeter-hall, to bring about, if possible, a half-holyday on Saturdays for the operative classes generally, and the pav-y mnentofvwages on lridays. Thle Bishop of Oxford, FBr Rlommdell Palmer, 2dLP, Sir S. XL iPcto, ld:P:, and' Mr.: Cow;an, M.P., wvere among the gentlemen on the platform. The chairman, in an opemngn speech, said: this movement s an offshoot of that for the early closing of shops, from which such signal benefits had been derived, but was of itself of such paramount importance as to deserve a separate treatment, and it was his f-im.be- lief that it could be carried out to its full issue - it wouldgo further to augment the domestic happiness.of teas of thousands of families throughout the country than almost any other popular movement 'ith which he-had been previously acquainted. The noble earl then, insome detail proceeded to show that the opposition with which it was li-ely to be met-namely, that the concession would- be- abused, and also be injurious to trade-was utterly ground- - less, and cited, in reply to the allegation that it.would beabused,thecase ofhanchester,wheretheboonhadbeen-nready granted, and where it had brought peace and contentment to the whole industrial population of that great-city. Ais- an answer to the charge that the concession .would be inji-- rious to trade, he contended that the improved energies-and aspirations and the better hearts, in w hich it would-result, would make every servant engaged in the. departmeuts of7 industry a far more eficient nan than he -uea before. He also adduced the experience of the late Mr. Feiideu, to sliowthat the abridgment of the hours of labour in the Lncashirefactories had resulted in the operatives earnings moremoney, and in their work being done in a superior. style. The w-ork of modem times was more continuous and intense, and caused a greater strain on the physical andnervous system than at any previous time, and: it had-be. come absolutely necessary that some limitation sliould-bet , put uponit if we wished to save the moral energies of a. Iarge proportion of the people. The Bishop. ofV Oxford moved the farst resolution, to the effect that it' was- of - national importance to foster mutual confidence- and- good, feeling between the representatives of capitalanddhabourr and that such a result would be promoted bv employers extending to those intheir service increasedfacilitiesfor nmoralimprovenient and healthful recreation.. He believed the promoters of this movement were seeldng. to. obtain. - a right thing and in a right way. Laboua' Vas. one- - of . God's choicest blessmigs to fallen man, but then; it was to be taken as God had appointed, it+ and not asth& - greed and the continual strife and struggleaof.eart?ly selfishness would make it to the man who vas-to be its victim. Among all the cla.sses around him there was nonc for-whom. he felt a deeper sympathy than the working yonD;-men, or this country-the mcn wlio worked with thEir mnmdsanc hands as well as with the thews- and sinews, of their - bodies-and he deplored the excessive- toil. to which- huadreds of them were subjected at that critical age wherith,eir physical development was still incomplete. The time, too, for the improvement of the nind was wa6ted:in such r stntb of things, and the man grew up stunted it hisn Fhysicah frame and dwarfed in all Ihis intellectucl faculties. Again, the unnatural prolongation. of I abour temlnd; to stimulate all his nervous faculties into- morbid:emcitainent, and the sense of weariness attending upon tlat ld him 'to seek by artifcial stimulants to -stimulate. thes still furthlr. Even rest itself became a thing which a,man. iq. that state was unable to appreciate as a- relief. Tho rwtxx was seconded by Sir S. NL Peto, who- expressed his conviction, from his long experience of the workdn- classes of the country, that they would not only ue-well tle. oppoDtunIties which it was now sought to afford them,, but would in the largest possible degree benefit by tieni. He- had, in all the industnal departments under his contrec in which la could do so, given a Saturday half-holyday, and the greatet advantage had been taken of it for moral improvemert and healthful recreation. le exzpremse(ia belief that nao publi detriment, but the vsry, reverse, -onU aris frem all t' a. lage employers oflalaour-adopizitbe-sag-enale. - Ther Ition was put and caroied unanimously. Mr. Bouw) djj Palmer moved a resolution, in effect that Saturday je. holydays were among the most beaieficial foios in 'ce additional leisure- could lie raistea to the - ind siclasses, inasmnuc as. they afforded the greatestiaciui ties for innorenk elaktlos, anJ tended to the temptation& to, nisrspend the Sanday. He i'jwelt on the delight with whic -when a young man enga- gee jiuthe laborious beglnning of a labotiose life, he usedUrelieve himself froxkthosa Ibo,sr about 2 'clock n a,71& dy, and-abaudcnahimself entirely to that rinocent nclacatiou and pleasr, -which he derived from long waij into thbecountry, anA ixn which all the working classe, had a r;ihtj to participate after a week's hard worlk conscontiously performed. He assumed that all hearing himvwoTild -.sbs to draw a line between lawfud and unlaw eormupatioes ORa Sundays. At the xame time, he felt tXk -all who Worew impediments in the way of the working,alssce, or refused to consider how they might enable themJ& indulge 4a rAtual and laudable desireand yearning, migbl~ ba said io fall under the.imputation of tempting them t'sevfl plaswresand intelletal pursuits at a time and ,a *. manner which would be pronounced to be wrong. l2fresolntio, seconded by MAr. Cowan, M[.P., -was carmed b acclamation. The meeting was also addressed by i~ Iey. Willisimn Arihur, MIr. R. Baxter, and other gentlwnen - E RRAT .-TIi our Uiver .ty intelligenq e ThUrsday last, f9r " fly," read " d041by."
lVR. A NO' (FRoM OUR OWN Co0R=8O2IDMET.) PARIS. WzD5-PsDAY, r. 23, 6 r.m. The desire of the French Government to coclude peace, the limited teim of the armistice, and theabsolute necessity of adopting a resolation before its expiration, comnpelled the Plenipotentiaries to leave several questions unexamined or unsettled, contrary, perhaps, to their intentions when they first assembled in congress. Not the least important of thtese questions is that of the Danubian rieitalities, which, besides its intrnsic merits, prserves a paramount interest, having been the imimediate scause of the war. Laord Clarendon will, no doubt, explain fully to Parliament the reason of this incompleteness, as well as the intention of the allied GoTernments with respect to the present and future condition of those provinces. In the meantime I think it right to furnish as much information as possible on a topic so important. I have already in a recent letter touched on it, and I make no apology for recurring to it to-day, and supplying such ad&tional facts as have come to my knowledge. - It is certain that the Danubian Principalities awaited with much anxiety and impatience the con-clusion of peace. Theytoo, as well as- Italy, hoped much from the Congress. The war had rendered their situation intolerable; peace was looked forward to as the alleviation of their-misery, and their rescue from the detested domination which hai so longoppressed them; and theirdisappoinltnuent that the Congress has closed vwithbut solving their question is great in proportion to the confidence they had reposed in its wisdom. If Iam correctly informed of the disposition of the Goveriiments (most of whose representatives have just quitted Paris) it would appear to have been this-France desired the unionof Moldavia and Wallachia under one and the same Governmen., and Russia entirely agreed with her; Sardinia supported both, and though it is affirmed, I believe truly, that Lord Palumerston entertained, and perhaps still entert-ains, a contrarv opinion, for the reasons I assigned yesterday, and though Lord Clarendon, until recently, coincided in it, yet he seems to accept the 'same view of the question, whether from c6nviction or from a desire to be agreeable to France will be fully explained in Parliament when the proper moment comes. Prussia, which, as you are aware, came last to the Congress, did not hesitate to side with those Powers on a question whch she has never regarded with indifference, and on which she had previously made Up her mqind. But Austria decidedly opposed the unian of the Principalities; and the Ottoman Porte declared, throuagh Aali Paslsa, that no consideration could induce her to consent to it. Such was the position of the Powers on this grave question. The union of the Principalities seems 'at fist sight of -easy execution; and, under different circumstances, would be desirable. Russia laid it down as a principle in thb organic regulations accorded to the Principalities after the War of '1828-9, and she indicated it as the object to which populations of the same race, of the same religion, and speaking a common language, should necesarily tend. NevertheIess Russia believed the union to be impassible at that epoch, and even the Custom-houses remained distinct long after, as their consolidation was only effected in 1846. After the events of June, 1848, occasioned by the vicious administration and the general misconduct of the Hospodar Bibesco, as well as by the reaction of the revolutions of Paris, Berlin, and Vienna, the idea of the union, which flattered its patriotic and perhaps chimerical aspirations, grew stronger among the Roumanie population even during the Russian occupation. The idea of the creation of an independent State on the Lower Danube was zealously encouraged by the Russian authorities, civil and military, and the rumour circulated that the Dukle of Leuchtenberg, .son-in-law of the Emperor Nicholas, would be the person chosen as the future ruler of the new kingcom. To such of the Roumains as were alarmed at the thought of a Russian Prince being their new sovereign it was replied, that before long, thisPrince would so warmly espouse the interests of his adopted country and new kingdom as to become more Roumanic than Russian, and the example was cited of the Duke of Anjou, the grandson of Louis XIV., waging war, as King of Spain, against France, and, in more recent times, that of Bernadotte combating in company with the allied Sovereigns against his former master and against his own countrymen. The idea of the union of the Principalities under a foreign Prince grew so strong in 1849-50 among the Moldo-Wallachian youth, and particularly the latter, that the political agent of France, hI. Poujade, Ihen Consul-General in the Danubian Provinces, thought it necessary to commnunicate the fact to his Governmnent, as well as to the French Ambassador at Constantinople; and he described the new state thus proposed to be created as the Belgium of the Danube. General Aupick, -who then represented France at the Porte, disapproved the combination. For some time after the question of the union and of the foreign Prince was put in abeyance. It was, however, again revived in 1853 by the Princes Stirbey and Ghika; the same diplomatic agent again communicated with his Government, and so forcibly pressed the subject on their attention that iM. de la Cour, then French Charg6 d'Affaires at ConstantinoDle, was instr-acted to sound the intentions of the Divan. A difference of opinion existed at Bucharest. The Hospodar Stirbey desired the union, and demonstrated its necessity and facility of execution. Ele proposed to pay to the Porte a large sum of money by way of redeeming the annual tribute due by the provinces to the Sultan, and he demanded the creation of a supreme and hereditary power, but on the condition that the succession should be secured to him and to his sons; while the French agent pro-posed that it should be established in a foreignprince, and was said to have suggested the name of an Austrian Archduke. It is well to remember that at that period the Imperial and Royal troops had not yet occupied the Principalities, their outrages had not yet been perpetrated, and the antipathy to Austria had not taken deep root in the minds of the NIoldo-Wallachians, as it has since. Those who are acquainted with the country pronounce the union of the provinces under a native Prince, with hereditary rights, as an impossibility, or an act of foUy. There does not exist in the Principalities a single family of sufficient preponderance, nor a man so superior to all others, as to pass thus fromr the rank of subject, or of (Governor for seven years, like Prince Stirbey, to that of a crowned head. The Bibescos and Stirbeys are .among the last who have a claim to such a dignity. They are the least ancient and the least illustrious *of them all, and it is no exaggeration to say they are the most unpopular. That which hastaken place in Belgium vill, perhaps, on similar future occasions, be followed as a precedent. Neither the Prince of Aremberg, nor the Prince de Ligne, nor the Count de Merode, ever for a moment thought of assuming the royal power in their country, and did not allow their names to be put forward. The example -of Egypt and of Servia is not applicable to Moldo-Wallachia. Meheme t Ali, Prince George, and M1ilosch-Obrenowitsch, were men of the sword and founders of States. They hid commanded bodies of fighting men in the field, had beaten or succoured the Sultan, and yet they were unable to found- anythint without the assent of the Sultan and theintervention of Europe. It will be asked if the union of the Principalities is poasible under present circumstances'? In the first place, Western Europe, on deciding to declare war in 1854, laid downa the principle that nothing should be done to affect the independence and integrity of the Ottoman empire. How then can we deprive. the Sultan of two provinces so considerable, and which, however weak in a financial point of view for the Porte, are yet of great advantage to it as a fontier, and as separating the Turkish territory from Austria and Russia? If the Principalities be withdrawn from the suzzerainetM of the Porte, if they come to be completely free from tne influence of Constantinople, they would be a second Greece established at the very gates of the empire, and )Bulgaria would soon be lost to Turkey. In the second place, Austria- would not consent to the, upnion of the Priicilialities, for the- ipnleireon that she- has no desire to see secbndo midy xetablhished on her flank. She haa sunde; her sweptre, i ansylvani*, .the Baiat, aid u ,ary, millions of Roumains; and will any onfe aiuppose that these populations would,for ever remain uniufluenced Xi the examiple, constantly before-theireyes, of ne`arly 5,000,000 independent and- free Roumains ?- Close relations already exist between the Roumains of the. -ampire, and those of Austria w.ould infallibly be kept in perpetual agitation-by the presence of an independentRdumanic nation on' their veryboundary. The maintenance of tranquillity i the Principalities is a matterl of-'vital importaAc6t6'-Ausstria.} -Her system, of maintaining it 'has -not always beeni the. most -prdiient nor the most. siccessful, buit atall events it is her chief interest, and it would become difficult, if not impossible, of realization with the` union of the Principalities. She would succeed,'no' doubt, with an Archduke for 'their S6vereigni but would Russia, FRrance, and E:ngland ac'cept such ai arrangement ? And what has Atustria done to -obtain such advantages? Or, if she p essesed them, ould she consent that a- Pzince of the Imperial House of Austria should become the vassal of the Sultan? Supposing these various and-delicate-questions resolved and settled, it remains -to be considered whether the union of the Principalities is so easy of execution as is believed. It is a known fact that a serious difference exists in the organization of labour in the two proviices and in Bessarabia' The peasant is, I believe, much better treated in Wallaclia than in Moldavia, and in Moldavia than in Bessarabia. ! The Boyards of the twolast wtould sufferconsiderable loss, seeing that the inferior'-peasants must necessarily be assimilated to those of Vaachia. 'The Customhouses of the interior of Moldavia are organized dif:' ferenitly from those of its sister province, and adaptedto the differentzones of aPrincip31itywherethe means of communication are extremely defeetive. Moreover, in Moldavia are to be found a fewer number of great Bpoyards thnu ip Walachia; and, indeed, many of the former'are n a state of pauperiam, owing chiefly to the foolish facility with which the Hospodars of Mloldavia, and particularly Jdimsito Stourdza, distributed the honours of nobility.. This impoverished aristocracy would at once throng to Wallachia in order to enjoy the 'same rights and, piivileges as their more prospeio~is brethren. A - strugglewould ensue, with itsconcomnitant difficulties anddangers, andtheWallachianBoyards who possems property and privileges, not those who possess abso- ' lutely nothing, w-old hawk about the crown of the Principalities at Paris, London, and Turin. - . - Again, the regular and secular clergy, who are very numerous, wealthy, and irfluential in the Principalities, would. certainly offeir strenuous opposition to the union until they kinew what measures would be adopted with respect to the conventual property, an object of cupidity to the Government in Mloldo-Wallachia, and respecting which it would I be necessary, sooner or later, to come -to some decision. If the clergy, who are said to possess onethird of each of the Principalities, accepted the union, it would assuredly be on the condition that the Prince proposed as their sovereign-should belong to the Greek communion. Is there to be found among the sovereign houses of :Europe (as none other ~wouldbe accepted) a Prince -of that faith except inRussia ? and would England, France, and ALustria enthrone at 13ucharesta Prince sent to them from St. Petersburg? These objections are not without their weight, and I am not sure that they have not already occurred to the Einglish Government. Nevertheless I am of opinion that the union -of Moldavia and Wallachia must take placee- at a. period more or less distant; it is the aim. to which those populations tend. But the course for the present is. to prepare the way for it-by the adoption of - wise - a±ieasures, of salutary, progressive, practical reforms, Under the saperintendence of experienced, able, and, - above all, honest men. The first step -.in that direction will be to rescue Wallachia from an administration which receives neither respect nor confidence at home or abroad. Doubtless there are other considerations-which are omitted in this hasty sketch. The question of the Danubian Provinces has, I presume, been attentively examined by the Congress, though unfortunately no solution has been arrived at. Ample e;planation on this subject, as wfell az on all others relating to the conferences, will be given to Parliament by the E nglish Plenipotentiary. Its inmportance ought not to be lost -sight -of. I sulspect that the territorial rectification of the Moldavian frontier was accepted so easily by Russia with a view to that union, which would detach the Principalities more Ind more from the Porte. T1o attain that object I am convinced that Russia woulld have consented not merely to the limitation in question, but even to the present loss of one half of Bessarabia. The ratifications of the Treaty of Peace have, it is said, been brought to Marseilles by the Euphrate, which arrived there to-day. They will probably be received here to-morrow evening. It is not certain whether they can appear iia the Monifeur on Friday, as the members of the Congress will have to assemble previously. Saturdaty or Sunday will, perhaps, be the day. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received .- " MARSEILLES, ApRIa 23, "The Euphrate has just -arrived, with accounts from Constantinople to the 14th. "Afif Bey having fallen il, Nazim Bey, -son of Fuad Pasha, will be the bearer of the ratification of the Treaty of Peace to Paris. " The Porte is about to evacuate Mingrelia. "The Presse Orient states thatthe Treaty of Peace stipulates for the general evacuation of the Ottoman territory by the allies. "Six thousand Sardinian troops are about to embark on their return to Italy. The 10th, 56th, 61st, and-85th Regiments, fornina part of the division of General de Failly, passedthrough the Bosphorus to-day from Eupatoria, without coming to an anchor. "1 Most of the soldiers of the class of 1848, whose time of service has expired, have also embarked. The cavalry and artilery of General d&Allonville occupy Eupatoria. "1 The squadron of Admiral Trzhouart has left for the Crimea. "The Sardinian hospital at Constantinople has been completely destroyed byfire; aU the sick in it were saved. I The house occupied by Admiral Grey has also been burnt. The fire is thought to have been the work of an incendiary. - "The French Ambassador has announced officially the definitive opening of all the Russian ports." "TRIESTE, ARiUL 23. "By accounts from Constantinople to the 14th, we learn that an aide-de-camp of General Mouravieff had arrived at Erzeroum to establish the armistice. " Several persons had been punished at Trebizonde for calling the Christians insulting names." " VIENNA, AuRmL 22. "Count Baol has just arrived here from Paris, rid Brussels and Dresden. "The ratifications of the Treaty of Peace are about to be sent off to Paris. " Baron de Hubner has been named Grand Cross of the Order of Leopold, and Counts George and Valentine Esterhazy Grand Crosses of the Iron Crown." "BERLIN, ApRiL 22, EVEIaNG. "M. Janken has demanded explanations from the commission charged with the affair of the stolen despatches. The reporters of the commission replied that their labours had been delayed in consequence of their not having been supplied with the necessazy documents. Count Schwerin stated that he had another document to present on the matter. "APRIL 23. "The Queen has left for Dresden. "The Chamber of Nobles will give a grand dinner tomorrow in honour of the return of M. de Manteuffel. "Preparations are being imade for the reception of the Dowager Empress of Russia." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 74f. 40c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 85c. ; and the New Loan at 74f. 70c. Orleans Railway shares, 1,400f.; Great Northern, 1,075£.; Strasburg, 1,040f.; new shares, 887f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,4W0f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,645f.; Western of France, 915f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 780f.; Great Central of France, 735f.; Lyons and Geneva, 812f. SOc.; Bank of CrOiit 'Mobilier, 1,725f. ; Austrian railways, 9'3f. Wc. Coeurs Authcnzque.-1sARis, April 23.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f.. 75c. 50c. 70c. 65c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 94f. 50c. ; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 94f. o0c. ; Three per Cents., 74f. 20c. 15c. 10c. 20c. 2ic. ; ditto first Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 74f. 15c.; ditto second Loan of 18-55 (50 per cent. paid), 74f. 40c. 30c.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 74f. 40c. -0c.; TreasuryBonds, 5 psr cent.; Bank of France,-3,S50f. 3S875f. 3,900f.; Credit Foncier, 715f.; ditto Obligations of 50f., Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Three per Cents., 400£f.; ditto Tenths,- Four per Cents.. 97f. 50c.; Prom. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents-, 923f.; CNrdit Mrobilier, 1,735f. 1 ,730f. 1,720f. l, 72:* Discount Ban', 700E* Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93t. 33f. 2x5r; ditto Three par Cents., 69f. 50 Pt Eente de Naples Rohschild'sa,113f. 506.; Spanish InXtaiorirebt, 39j ExsnonIoido; tireomoa money, - -A ST ; - (r*ox OUiR OWN Co20ODZNT.) - - YrEyNNA APRIL 20. Towards the close- of the year 1855 you learned from me n t Prince Gortschakf was to be the 1ucceissor of-Count Nesselrode,-but the- necs did not obtain credit- at home, idthough it-wai here believed to .be perfectly -correct. We nowo learn irom Dresden that th. e Prince isto boeMiiister for Foreign Aflairs, and a most unpleasant, impression the news has produced in-official AustrianDcircles. During his.aojourn -in this city Pince Gortachakoff was obliged to eat more dirt than genejally falls to the loitof any one man, and it -is foreseen- that he will donall in his.power to deprive hii successful oppo. nent, Count 'Boul, of the confidence of his Imperialmaster.. As there is a powerful-,Russian party in this city, ivith severil "una6tfachd`" stitesmen who: have long 'coveted the portfolio for Foreign Affairs,' Coiuit Buol's' position is generally considered unsafebut- His Majesty the Emperor is by no means likely to change hispolicy towArds Russia, asit cannot be hia.wish.to see Austria placed " at the feet of tho Czar," as was the ease with Hungary in the year -1g49* As long as Count Buol is at the .head of. the Foreign-offlce Austria will not truc;kle to Russia, but if'you'-should hear that CountFrederick -Thun, or a~ny other member of theRussian clique, has taken his portfolio, you may safelyconludae that the policy. of this Government -is about to undergo- a complete change. That Prince Metternich was weli aware ofthe designs of Russia on Turkey is notorious,but it is not so generallykno-wnK-that he was greatly inclined to suspect -the late Czar of en;tertaining some idea of increasing. the power and influence of hig empire at the expense of Aus*tria. The experienced statesman could never be in-- diiced to approve any plan for the marriage of an 'Austrian Archduke with a Russian Princessj and it .has not' escaped my -memory that., some years since his name was in very bad odour at St.-Petersburg, because. he refused to agree to. a marriage ;which the late-Emperor Nicholas had much at heart. The bridegroom chosen by the Czar was the Archduke Stephen, the eldest son of the late . Archduke Joseph, Palatine of Hungary. The Emperor Francis Joseph, when a youth, was initiated into the mysteries of state-craft by the celebrated Austrian states. man, and it is not likely-that the important information which he received can have escaped his memory. High mass with Te Dem .was celebrated in the Cathedral this morning, and the vast edifice was filled with the aristocracyv of the land. Several of the members of the Imperial family-were present,. as were the Ministers, foreign diplomatists, and prelates; but the Emperor was either absent or in a part of the Cathedral where he was concealed from sight.: Some of' the members of the Russian' embassy a day or two since told their Austrian friends that they did not think they.should attend the mass, the peace being a matter of inferior iimportance to Russia, but they - must have thought better of the matter, as they were seen in the. Cathedral. It is 'so long since any article unfavourable to the concordat has appeared in an Austrian paper that the foreign public may be inclined to believe the ferment which it occasioned has subsided; but such isnotthe case. . The Austrian press is silent on the subject of the concordat, and of the sittings of the Episcopal Synod, simplybecause ithas receivedorders - front the police to be so, and because disobedience would be instantaneously followed by "rings" and. such-likle disagreeable repressive measures. Many persons still endeavour to persuade them-.. selves that some of the conditions of theconcordatI will not be enforced, but they will soon see that the convention . is to be carried out to the very letter. It must be understood that the foregoing remark is based on something more than mere conjecture. The fact is, that the 'lXtramontane faction is moreI elated -and -the patriotic Catholi¢ party more de-I jected than ever. Oin the 14th His -Majesty gave the Grand Cross of the' Order of Leopold to Baron Hilbuer, the I Austrian Minister at Paris. Count Valentine Ester-i hazy, Austrian Minister at- St.- Petersburg, andi Count. George Esterhazy, the Minister at Berlin, have received the first-class of the Iron Crown. -Three of the leaders of the ultra-democratic party. during the ViennaRevolutionin 848 have just been sentenced, i contu6iaciam, to death. Their names are Anthony Fiister, ex-Professor of Religiont of theI University, Joseph Goldmark, M.D., and the Che- I valier 'Ernest. de Violand, an employ'. They were. aU found guilty of high treason, and Goldmark of having been concerned in the brutal murder of, Count. Latour, the Minister of War, on the Gth of October, 1848; - - ' As :soon as the -EDiscopal -Conferences are at I an. end Cardinal Viale Prela will go to his Archiepiscopal see at Bologna. 'Repairs are being. made-in the Quirinal, which the Pope has never inhaiited since the assassination of Count Rossi, and it is rumoured in Rtome that apartments are beingprepared in it for the Emperor Francis Joseph. Four hundred millions of the national loan have already been received by the State. The dividend paid by the Austriana Lloyd's for 1855 is 6 per cent. RUSSIA. | (FROM OU BERLIN CORREs1oNDEN-T.)I oBERIN, APRIL 2-2. Ilhave this morning telegraphed you that, accord- ing to telegraphic advices received here from St. I Petersburg, the Russian Admiralty has ordered all lighthouses to be lit up in the Bay of Finland, in the (*ilf of Bothnia, in the Baltic, and in the White' Sea, and a7l seamarks, beacons, and buoys to be' laid down and placed. Further, the Emperor has ordered the Militia (Opoltscheine) to be disbanded. Cout Orloff has been nominated to the Presidency of the Imperial Council and of the Council of Ministers, in the place of Prince Tschernitscheff. The article in the Dresden JTocrnaZ to which I re-. -ferred yesterday says,- "' The latest advices received from St. Petersburg confirm the report that has been for some time past in circulation of an approaching partial change in the (Russian) Cabinet; they leave no room for doubt that the retirement of Count Nesselrode from the management of the Department of Foreign Affairswilpositivelytake placeveryshortly. PrinceGortscha, koff, hitherto Ambasstdorin Vienna, is also as positively indicated as his successor in this department. 'The retirement of the Count will be confined, however, to the management of Foreign Affairs; in all other respects his position, more particularly his dignity of Chancellor of the Empire, will not in any way be changedL It is rumoured that, in addition to the above, various other changes will be made in the highest regions of the State service, but of a posi.tive nature there is nothing as yet known on this point. Prince Dolgorould, the M1inister of War, will, it is said, go .as Minister Extraordinary to Paris."i After arriving in Moscow and taking up his quarters in the Palace of the Kremlin, on the 10th inst., the Emperor repaired, on tlhesame day, to the Cathedral of the Ascension of the Virgin Mary, where he was received at the entrance by the Metropolitan of Moscow and Kolomna. In the course of the address with which the Philaret received the Emperor the following passage occurred "Th,ou inherttedst -tar, hut thou bait restored us peace. Thy righteous cause and thy valour called on thee imperatively to pursue the war, but thy love for mankind has not repelled the offered peace. The enemy has not treumphed ever Russia, but thou hast triumphed over their hostilty. Our-common country is gratefulto thee, and foreign nations already do thee justice; and they will-become still more just when the passions are stilled," &c. " Mayest thou succeed, under the blessing of Providence, in healing the wounds that the war has inflicted on Russia." - From the Cathedral the Emperor repaired, preceded by the Metropolitan and all the clergy, to the Tseludoff Monastery, where he performed his devotions 'before the relic3 of St. Alexius. On exhibitions of this kind the population of Moscow, the inhabitants of the "H Holy White City," appear to lay great value, and it is mentioned that the masses of the-people who on this occasion witnessed the ceremony were duly impressed with it. After thus performing his devotions 'the Emperor went. to the exercising house. of the 4th -battalion of the Moscow | Reserve Regiment of the Body Guard. The new colours, bearing the dates of 1756-1856, had been the night before consecrated, hailed to the staves, and presented to the regiment. On the following day the E3mperor visited various institutions of the town, and in the evening gave a dinner in the lKremlin to all the Generals in *loscow and to all the officers of I the Grenadlier Regiment of the Body Guard. The E nperor was expected back in St. Petersburg on tie 15th. Ilurther advices from St. Petersburg state that in 17 governments and in the kingdom of Poland martial law no longer exists. The export of horses, oxen, swine, 'moat, s'eepsldns, clotl, linen, cordage, Iiy, spirits of wine, -and disilled liquors from-theempire:of RUSS and tho- kingdom of Poland is-no* permitted The last conmeeial report issued by telieouse.of b li .-Dryssminad_ C., St. Petersbg Aii'I? ' 4s soon as tbeic breaks-p ou toin vo bc puixw direct .omlinicatioc by t;ei rs -wit)i Eg1andi1lhii, Lubeck,; and tetti n, and* itsequentfy rpsh 'wih Di)itsic and RestDok; audthe spirit:of enterpriseisbiegin ning to hpecteon uL contxy more tha, on .any oiger, Many mistakes and .incorrect vers become hereby appa1 rent; and all ventures in tfiis quater shoould, bo precded4 by a cautious' and caefleann'ino h isigs' of things; too isanguine ecxpectationzs ought notito-be entertained of their resultg, the less SO. that minmost briliches:of trade a very sharp.competition -will not be wanti*. Itis. anrerrozieous,but 4 widely-fpred.iQtion that,a pressing de- nd wll,imm,ediat, ,clear off the fistrrivals of the more ponsiderabl,e import articles at good p-ice,s; and, on the other hand, that bulky articIes. oQ 'export .are ling in 'store ingreat quantities both here a,id in the interior, and, conse. quently, that there will be good bargains to be plckeA up. Imported articles, however, have been .all along. supplied in sufficient quantities. for all act wants. by ilandi car riage, anid there is 'now but a small-demand for them, even at priceS very much, redced,,. in. antiipAtion of the peace. As regards irticles o, export, -the views are equally incorrect. Where they could not bear car riage by land or the heavy expenses connected therewith, they 'were produced in smaller quantities, or the stocks on hand found a vent at home. Add to this that the demand.of the army, for human labour and means of transport enhanced,the.prices of both to manufactures and agriculture even iu the 'most distant governments. Production,itself thus., becamse dearer, and even the expenses of transport to and upon the navigable rivers pressedheavieruponthe' goods than they do in ausual state of things. Thosmall stocks onl hand andthefresh supplies will, in the airst instance, obtain a high price,. until, by degrees more. ample supplies of labour and of means have, been made available for, th pacific activity of the nation. Since the export of all kinds of grain has been. restored- to the '6ma free footing as formerly all hope of low ;freights for, tbe spritg. have' vanished. The ,quantity ofgrain andainseediow here and intended for exportation, is estimated at more thai half-amiUion chetwerts, and its conveyance 'will takeou-p an enormous quantityof vessels, andrun up'freightsfor goods of all sorts yery hi Vessels that cn unlad andioad again at the town will have a great advantage bver'those that can only come up as far as Cronstadt, as there is a great deficiency of lighters, and very high lighterage mnay. be excpected between here and Cronstadt. For the last week the temperature has beenv'~ery mild, and if it is not broken in u;on again by frost we may expect -in A very few weeks to see the stram and the bay free .of ice, and the navigation reopeued." - From the following recent anecdote we shall acquire a somewhat hlgher opinion than has been hitherto entertained of the Emperor's intellectual qualiftcatigns, .and a confirmation of all that hal. been reported of his justice and discrinmnating goodness. It appears that at a dinner party in St. Petersburg there had been a nuuber of remarks made aid expressions used unfavourable to the Emperor, his measures, and more particularly to the-peace. A complete report of all that took place, the name of the host, -the names of his 15 guests, and the expressions used, was forwarded to the Empress Mother in an anonymous letter. The Emperor, on receiving this document from his' moth'er, had the iver of the party sent for, 'and told him what he had heard of him and his friends, and asked for the names of all the, guests assembled at his table on the occasion in question. This -list of names in-. cluded 16 guests, and that name among them that. had not been found among the 15 named in the denunciation was, of course, that of the anorymous writer. This latter, a colonel in the Guards, was,ent for, and the Emperor addressed him as follows h "You seem to have an inclination, as wellas some talent, for service in the police force or the Gendarmerie ;- if you like to enter it'you can; but the Giards is not the place for you. If, on the other hand, * you prefcr to leave the service altogether, you shall find your Cogdg ready for you." - The giver of the party, however, came offwith only a few words of reproof and warning from the. Emperor. SWITZERLAND. The official organ of the Helvetic Government, the Band, publishes the Message addressed by the Federal Council to t'he Federal Assembly, on the internal and external situation of the Corifederation. The document begins by' a general account of the international relations of the country with regard to the Eastern war, from which -it appears that, although the fear of seeing: its neutrality compromised . never rested- on a very serious foundation, all danger had not subsided when thepresentCouncil assumed'the reins of government. The accession of Austria to the treaty of the 2d of December had, it is trae, averted the imminent danger of a' collision between the great States separated from each other by the territory of the Republic; but the veryprolongation of the war,. in which Sardinia had joined, and the dissensions which manifested themselves in Germany with regard to the course to be 'pursued; were calculated to justify the extreme uneasiness of the Government as-to the results of the struggle, and the new. theatre .to which it might, be transferred. Nevertheless, Swiss neutralitj never ceased -to be respected, by the belligerent Powers. - No deriand, no.exactions were addressed to the Federal Council, and the country had not .to regret, like so many other nations, the disastrous effects producedby the war on their 'trade, industry, and price of provisions. The relations. of Switzerland .with foreign Statesgenerally were of a satisfactory nature. The o-. conciliation with Austria, as respects facts connected with the expulsion of all the Ticinese citizens residing in ILo'mbardy, and the grievances of the Court of Vienna with regard to the question of the Italian refugees, are related at considerable length in the MIessage. The Federal Council proclaims itself little satisfied with the solution of the first difficulty. Aistria not only maintained the order of expulsion, which it justified by a similar order issued by the Canton of Ticino against the Lombard Capuchins, but it even declined entering into any equitable arrangement of that question. To the application for an indemnity made by Switzerland she replied by a similar demand, which it was found necessary to satisfy to a certain extent, in order to spare the country still greater sacrifices. But the Federal Council declares that it never considered that arrangement to be just- and satisfactory. The second difference was more satisfactorily .settled. Austria, after the 'insurrection at Milan, in.1853, accused Switzerland of having disregarded. the duties imposed by international laws, and required, by way of reparation, that the political refugees tolerated in Ticino should be expelled from the canton; that no refugee should be in future permitted to reside in the frontier cantons; that an exception to that rtale should only take place with the consent of the .Imperial Government ;- and,' finally, that the'latter should be authorized to exercise an efficacious control over, the execution of those measures, the conditions of which it offered to discuss vith the Federal.Council. All those pretensions, incompatible with the rights and-dignity of an independent State, were rejected, and the Austrian Governinentultimatelyaccepted the excplanations and assurances of the Eelvetic authorities: The military blockade w as raised in June, 1854. The Message then announces that-an extradition .treaty has been concluded with Austria and sanctioned by the Fede-, ral Assembly. The dispute between Switzerland, and the Grand Duchy of 1Baden, with regard to the sequestration laid in both countries, on the property of the convents of Thurgau siituated in the Grand Duchy, and on the fines on Badon lands anid .)ropetty situated in the canton:by way.of .reprisalI,. is . stillpending. It.originated in. 1836, lwhen-a the- convents of Thurgan were.placed under the5direction of. the eantonal authorities.' The Govemnnient of Baden has since likewise sequestered the property of the convents of Argau, although they have not been confiscated. This exorbitant measure had called forth fresh complaints on the part. of the Helvetic authQrities; but the Grand Duchy appeara inwilling to take them into consideration, arid the proposition of the Federal Counicil to treat the question and the other points at issuie between them in a conference has not been accepted by Baden. The remainder of the Message offers no interest to foreign readers. The election of members of the Grand Council of Neufchatel took place on the 20th. In. the city of Neufchatel four Indepefident and three Royalist deputies were, returned, Througlout the canton the Royalists succeeded in electing 20 of their party, instead of 14, and the Republicans 68. The latter are dividedinto supporters of the Government and Independents, and, should- this last party combine with the Royalists, they will be able to overthrow the Governieint.
M-OZVR-MJABKETGrfh4 0ITYIZrTEGra~q~ I -.l' - ~ . , - F -' _i ;- Th A ; ,ealng .' -The English -fundsa opened with ateadiness this mg png atbei iner, prices . of yesterday, but the m,arket 4timAtely again became Janguiiid. Gont fo'r mno\iene,y *4; 'fitt quoted 93 to i, aidc l ~ niined eady-iijtiftlio afternoon, when a- deEline of',an ighth toolplace, the last tractfonibeinr att92e to93fortoney, andn 9atu D for thethe h of May S JBan1l of Englan4Filbti frontequalizing, t;heir rates of discount by reducing it to 8p.er cent. toz idesriptionis of paper; but- ng disa~ppointnment *as felt oi that account,', the expectathon habving' b~eie genera that it' a,ouId-be'furth~ef eered-for a week- or two0.- One-eause of the heavineis later -in the day was an increased belief -that s new loans now-that, the pagyments on -the last Lbve :all been made, is near at hand. Bank Stock left off at 2 ,l1 to 212X; Reduced, 91i to I; New Three perOCents., 92,to1 i Enchequer-bonds,l98j to j; and Excheu,er-bilis (March), par to 3s. premium; (June), 3&. aicuto6par.:: '-- .c-Tho: fuial- pments on the loan to-day caued noney to be in ,zither increased demand, but incon' venient pressure was preventedby the Bankmakling aLdvan6es at 6 percent. , Few operations took place in foreigan secuLrities, and ' prices 'oibited flattness towaraa the close. firkis ,h Six per Cents. were neg6tiated' at 981, 98, 981, and 98 for the account; 'and theFour per Cent. G6uaranteed at 10I for money, and 10l- anC X for the- account; I Brazilian - Eve per Cents, 100; Ecuador, Newr Consolidlated, 1,5i; ,Mexican, for account, 2,2; Sardinian Five, per Cents., for account, 0 ;panish Thr5ee per Cents., fori the-accoiint, 44k;- the New Deferr, for account, 24 and 2 n; d Dutch'Fourper Cent. Cerificates, 94; rThe iinal quotati6ns of the Three per Cents. from the Pari5 Bo-urse this evening were- 74f lOc. foi money and 74f. 36c. for the end of,the month, showing a decline - of about one-eighth. At Axaterdfi the stock-mar.ket is heavy. The accounts from abroad to-day were not of -the slikhtest interest, the exchanges in most cases remaining without alteration. Sloney continues in active demand in the various continental cities for stoclk operations. At an adjourned meeting of the Victoria (London) Dock Company, held to-day, Mr. J. R. Heywood in the chair, it was announced that the negotiations with the contractors, Mlessrs. Peto, Bctts, and Birasey, respecting the completion of the lease, have made considerable progress, but that the details of the proposed moidificationsahave yet to be settled by the p,rofesional persons employed. Another meeting will therefore -beshortly convenedfor submitti,ng~ the whole g,,uestion to 'the consideration of the shareholders.' " n aniswver to an inquiry it wvas men-I tioned byMr. C. Morrison that the substantial termi of the lease-viz., payment of interest at the rate bf 5 per cent. on the capital and an equal disision of surplus profits-will- be carried out, and tat the modifications will not interfere with the principles on which' thg, company was originaly based. The committee of investigation of the Royal Swedish Railway, appointed after the discovery of the fraud& of 3r. Sadleir, the -late chairman of the company,hive this afternion completed their report,' preparatory to the meeting of shareholders to-mor-, ro w.. The facts ,as to Mr. Sadleir's defaleations, the over-issue of shares, obligations, &c., amounting siominally to 345,4S13t, and the general - position of I t;he nn'dertn g appear as already described at the farmer meetijig. It is 'satisfactory to find,-with regard to thequestion aS to the legal liability of the company tp ,recognize,the validity of al the sharas and obligat~ions improperly issued, so far as they fallw, i,thin -,t,he aggrega,nte amount authorized by the statutes, that there is no diference of opinion, and also tlatraiy attempt to- repudiate the remainder is discoumtenanced. a^s ertain to involve interminable litiga'tion, disgiace, and-bankruptcy. The delay in the co,mpletion of the railway has involved the loss of tlie,Government-guarantee; but, as its rate was only, 4 per,ent.',a,nd its ces,ationis accompanied bythe'removal of the liaibility to-forfeiture of the-line at-the end of40 years,' tEe -company'are considered on this head to l'e virualy gainers. Additional and generally favourable information on the stateof the works has been received, and an application for an amended concession is recommended. The committee advocate the creation of a e per cent. preference stock, and lielieve that, on the completion of the undertaking by this'means, there wil be a fair prospect of moderate-remuneration-evenfor-the originalpioprietors. The - following communications relate to -the bill now before Parliament in connexion with the competitionbetween French and English fire insurance compainies ' - c -- nchesiter, April 22. "THE L-CAswRAIsun;csE,Co'MPANY. Siir,-,I haive read in 2c Ti7me the insurance debate of last nght, and, as; the chief officer of the company whose deputaion was referred to by the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the EightlIon. T.dL Gibsion, I may be allowed to offer, a few remark;s. - "1. The majority of speakers stated that nobhing but a reduction of duty would meet the case and save the revenue. "i2. -Mr. Milner Gibson hardly does our deputation justice, for in the memorial-I-then read tb the -Chancellor we did call for so distinct and large a reduc. tion as to Ibe tantamaount to its abolition; and had Sir Cornewall Lewvis been Ipore -disposed to listen than to lec. ture on that occasion (when he now admits himself to have been in error) he *ould have heaird and learned more from practical men of business than he did. " 3; -Mr. Vance will find he is- quite wrong as to a small amount of sea insurance being now done abroad by a reference to our report of the deputation. - " 4. I nowcome toIdr. Tite, of the Globe, and Sir Samuel Bignold, of the lNorwich Union. By the former we learn that less than one-third of the total value of the property of the kingdom is insured, and that the average clause ought to be applied to make it desirable to insure to the full extent. ]y the latter we are told that the principal insurance offices approve of the Chancellor's bill, and that there was a very large increase of agricultural insurances onthe remission of duty thereon. Allown me to tell Sir Samuel Bigaold that, notwithstanding'the very large, safe, andeasy income which the 'principal- offices' derive from the drawback-on the'e duty, granted them by tihe Government (and I include the* Norwich), I hare it from a much larger office than his own that there is the greatest diversity of opion among the principal! London offices on the subject oF the fire insurance duty being reduced to meet this case; and from Mr. Tite's and Sir Saiauel's statistics we must draw the inference that, were the duty ninch reduced, there would be an immense increase of prudential insurance (which Government should foster), and that this might be promoted, without any loss of revenue, by the total abolition of the duty and by the imposition of a small tax upon all property liable to injury by fire, whether insured or not. t * " I m, Sir yoursfaithEllys " General MIanager of the Ldancashire Insuranlce Company." "Jnity Fire and Life Insurance Associations, 8 and 10, Cannon-street, April 24. " Sir,-In your City Article of the '23d inst., on the subject of the Fire Insurances Bill, the debate on which stands adjourned for Friday next, You gave a table of the operations of the principaliFrench proprietary companies for the year 1852.. As T possess; from oflicral sources, the statistics showing the amount of fire insurance 'effected in 1854 by the 12 French: proprietary companies, you may deem the subjoined tabolar statement of sufficient importance at this moment to give it insertion as a continuation of your own table, which I have taken as my model. " One other-fact- is sufficiently weighty to deserve your notice. It appears from statements authenticated by the French Government that the fire insurance companies, at fixed premiums (proprietary companies), in Paris, presented to~- the assured, in 18O, a -solid and positive guarantee of about 90,000,000f., or 3,600,000. sterling. " In conclusion, will you permit me to acquaint you that the deputation* from the ' Unity Fire Insurance Association,' which waited upon the Chancellor of the Exchequer at his official residence in February last, was the first depu. tation received by that.right hon. gentleman in reference to the questions now boefore Parliament ' ' myu bdetsrat el I am your obedient servant, -,G. J. FARRANCE, " Actuary to the Unity Assune Assoiations. AxrousT or A8uV.XxcE EFFXL'rED D THE YEAIR 18M5 N.D. Totsl amoumn insmred in the united kiagdom. about £80.OOO,OOD. The amount paid into the tr&eaury of the Est India Company for bills -on India from the 5th to the 24th inst. was' 96,5OO0.
. . ~ . ArZWAY INrZLLIGE,CL - - - - - - ? -? f 7 - ? I - - - - - t' -WY-W WTAW"V.P-q ---' . -nse nal-yearly meeting of this company s held ye6 torday at the -office, MDorate.Areet; Mr. W. X.B richard in the chair. Ir- 1L Chubb, tthe cretry, read the notice convening [ in esti'. The r0t,- an zbr of wich hIm appeared The CHrAaimi, in m u aid hle badbut 0of theadtionf the rceport e bu little to add, ticularlyM tereotU culties ina the aloneyfull. On the last- day to yer 8l55 the main an anmd bran .f wtere . complet, -af r .on sidorable anxiety ian labour dur,n oido 0yas They tudertook the CoNtr tioi Of the line at.a timie when they were ignorant of the mature of tee traffio of W ofudeirs, and when ber iformation lwas obtained dil cultiesin the. money-market arove which a let to the forfeiturev shares upowhich 6. per sh&emoco&be pcth d atend o e prcent iwxasdueto those wTrad p they -al te relieve the under tak_g in sare Oa of oultd , ane was btill 6a r credit due to the Belune Governmhent for the way2inwhich they declinedto haivlthemselves of the power of forfeiture, and afterwirds by the uiberal course adopted by them toulards the corpany in rdepec to tfhe guaantee of 16,000?. a-year, which ha enabledthem to comlto the branches, and, in fact, the whole undoindestalng. h eI dividend on the present onccsion wa the larest they had evet declared-nytamnely, 1h per sare onx the old shres, and waS but a mnall portien of the remuneration they were mrigi. nally induced to expect. That dlividend was anhonest one, as, from the strict acstipy ofptheir aonstlts by the Goveri. meat auditors, it wouldr be impoible to giveL any other. All theycoliddo would be to develope the trac in the beet waythey.could,andtoexercisethemcetvigmint6wnorywith regard to the expenditure, and in doing so he would inprew onthe shareholders the necessty of pointing outfrom.timeto time anrything they thought extravaga't in the expenditure, with a-view to explanation or retrenchment. He then caled attention to at resolution moved at the las caeeting by Mr. Herapath with respect to the reserve or rsinkn fund, which it was proposed to establish bythe gradual purchse of the share a f the company, andl whi ah -were not to be fomd awithout the authorityvofageneralsmeetng.d Tho directors had adhered to that resolution, acn there were nowD7U toginal shaoes and 540 preference shraew puTcased on that aout in the hands ofhthe trustees. Wlen the, dividendl was paid.on those shamr a further purchase wouln be made, in compline -with the spirit of the resolutionk; He hoped that nothing would occur to dis-turb the opera. tion of the plAn, as it was a novel feature inbsrailway copanf to form a reserve fund for the purchase and he hoped gradualertinctionof thes'hares. Itwaanot of much-valuienowr ut if they wouald allow it to accumulate for a few yems it would bemomevery important. He then referred to Mr. Chantryll's report, in which it wa stated that two smal engmnes had been purchased fro Mr. England, and used on thelranch lines, o ywich a savingof coke,&e., w effected to the amount of 300?. a.year, hut on a desire being expressd for the purchase of four more of those engines it was ascertained that the Belgian authorities would not allow them to be imported from England into Belgium unless they paid ay duty or each of between 50es. and 6001. They namitted the two small engines manufacturedl byh t England duty free, asgmodels, bte wouldnot admit anymore.- -The aompany were therefore oblged to make an arrangement with a maker in Belgium for four light engines, which they were to pay for in four years, by instalments, and he believed the saying of expense tothe company bytheir use would be equlL valeotmto the amount of the insta ents they were to pay fod the purchaseoftheengines. Tgeyeatd no other watoPsy forthem,forinaccordanc withthagreementivithe les Brugmann -the company were bound not to raise any more Mr. HERAPAH scaled attention to the worlking expense, which lhe found amiountedl to 76u per cent, of the receipts. He a~pproved of the plan xecentfy adopted by Mr. Chantrell of diminishing the number of trains, from four to three per day, and if the planware adopted generally in England to proportion the number of trains to the traffic the expenses would be mutch less on many of the English railwaLys. - Th~e CnAnmrAi said the percentage of working expenses apperd high, but they only amounted to 212?. per mile, and if compared inthatway with otherlines the expenses would appear moderate. r. S. HYAIATH suggested that definitive shares slhould beissued at 8 each, in lieu of the old nominal 20?. shares, asmanypersons were ledto suppose-that futher calls would be made upon theta, whereas he believed it was not intended to callup any more money. - The CsR.TnAr thonght it better to defer the issue of definitive-shares as long as posnble, merely on the ground of V ."ciBB explained that owing to certain deductions from the gross receipts, it appeared that the worldng expenses were 76 percent.;, bat in fact they were only 63 per cent, of the total receipts. Resolutions were' assed, adopting the report, and a proning the dividend of 3s, pershare for the past half. year. Mr. ]InLrAvAT proposed a resolution to the effect that theshares purchased by the reserve or sinking fund be cancelled. By that means the value of their property would be inereasd; and-he estimated that, by-purchasing the shares at par, they would be estinguished in 61 years. A- long discussion ensued, in the course of which The CUH_43RVraN- stated that he was very anxious at the last, meeting that the shares so purchased should be cnoelled; but the general feeling of the meeting appeared to be agkainst cancelling them. H.e now recommended that the-motion be brought forward at the next meeting, to w}hich Mr. Herapath assented; and the proceedings concluded with a vote of thank-s to the chairman and directors. RAILMWAY BILLS fN PARLIAMENT. -The--estimated expenses of constructing the undermentionedrailways are as follows:- - FORMATnNE -A'-D Bucnr-U.-For a line from the Great lTorth 6f Scotland Railway to Stricken 173,000?., and for a branch to Peterhead 72,000. EasT- SOxNERSFr-For constructing the railay and w6ork connected therewith, including the purchae Of land and contingencies, 75,S000. EAST Mair.-For the construction of additional railways inE'ast Kent, 398,0001. \WtST OF FIFE B,N-zR.-For a railway from Dunferm. line to 2illairnie, with a branch to tingseat, 40,000?. DE)sssE: A-nD ALFORD VALrEy.-For a railway from Colfordto Alford, with a branch to Bridgetown, 131,0001, RAILWAY TtA IC. Mies Psi. Mer- Tota TotaL ailmwa5 Open. aengem daidade. 1856. 7.E5. llVekeudnE jprit6. a. £. £. £. Week en ding April 8. f r_ Eat Anglian .. .. - _.. -- 972 ta2 ,Week eding April 12. Aberduen and Scottish Mid- land.Juictiou .. .. 115 - 3,57 .. 3,L23 Weekeding April 13. BestolandiEieter .. .. 217 .. - .. - .. 5,943 ..6,2 London, Tilbury, and South- endExtension .. .. - 76G .. 135 .. 904 .. 835 - - Week ending April 9. DublinandWicklow . 34. - 452 232 North-Eastem ..- .. 7034 -. - . - M3099 31.D67 Londondeny and Coleraine 36 - . - 21 2 Londondery andEnnillea60 Go,, - .. 707 61S Sanbre and Meuse .. .. 68 .. - - 1,0S7 1,17 WaterfordandllkenUoy .. 31 _ - 300- So[ Waterford and Limerick 77 - - 989 1,032 Week ending April 20. Antwep and Rotterdam - 432 253 685 Cheaer and Holyhead.. - * - - 4* - *- 4 m . ELstern Conties, Norfolk andEastern ion ..U . 417 21,617 ..22,123 'Eaut Lncashire .. .. 93 - .. - 5,801 .. 4,753 Edinburgh, Perth, andDun- dee, aud Scottish Central - M- .. S,66 5, Great Weatern .. ,. - .. - .. - .. 24706 .t.27.301 Lancashire andYorkshire 2%01 - - - .. 5 .21,363 .. 19.i5S Londou andBlackwali .. - .. 1,372 25 .. 1,447 .. 1,483 Itifanhet. Sheffield, sud Lineolnahirel - .. 173' . - .. - . 9,005 .. 3,799 fidland. 4982-. - .. - ..29,465 27,94t Midland Great Western (Ire- land) ... - .. 1,315..1,Gi9 3.474 . 3.07 Newport. Abergavenar, and - Hereford .. 0.. .. 40 -.. -.. 93.. 571 North British.. .. .. 149 ,4 . .2,819 .. 4.73 .. 4.672 Oxford. Worcester, suanWol- verhampton. 9 .. 1,400 l S..1,3 .. Z,2S5 .. 3,eo2 ShropshireLUion .. .. 29' - I- .. 813. 613 Dublin and Belfast Junction .. - .. 1 . 10 * The receipts for mcrehandise traffic are published sfter deductingthoeweelybalance on the Leeds andLiverPool Canal lease account. The oes eipts upon the Clilton and halford line are now ineluded in the weekly publication of traffe; and four miles thelength of that line, have been added to the mileage. The rent psable foe the Clifton and SaiEord line is not now deducted from the week receiptsA t Visiit of the Emperor of the French. I This amount includes the Lirerpool, Crosbr, and Soulhipocttrac, shich a~ not included intho corresponding peiod. I Including balE oE the Mlanchester, Southi Junction. and AUtrinuin receipbs, Grimsby Dock duties, z;e., and Cahe-steuted Caal rnece,i
RAILwrAY.4ND,"MzffG SHAngy. Thursday Evening. - The raiiway-market was. again heay to-day, and prices showed a further. slight decline. Indian rhae lwre aiso rather weaker, salea for realization having iu some cases beenn made. French descriptions-were steady, but 3Belgian especially Sambre and Meu!e, experienced a decided reaction. There was an inezeaaed bumne in mini ng shares, and quotations generally were fairly supported. Auiruilan land and banking shares presented no matonralalteration. CanadasLand were negotiated at 141, and clozed 140 to 145. ottoman Bank left off 1 to I pm.; Bank of lEgypt, 1 to i pm.; Western of londion, 34 to 24 dIscount; London and Farm, 50to 2j discount; Alliance BEank, l0 to I diucount; 2.a±ional Discount Company, A to i pm.; ,Rligs Railwa, t m.andLoI/sbardo-5Venet ian, 5j to 6ipm.
TRADE REPOBT. Thursday Evenin. SUGAR.-The public sales went off briskly to-day at very stiff priCes-viz., 395 hhds. l76 barrels Portoico, low to fine yellow, 41s. Gd. to 45s. 6d. 1,972 bags Penang, middling to fine brown, 37s. 6d. to 39s. 6d. ; low to middling yeUow, 40s. 6d. to 43s.; 1,300 bags Pernambuco, brown 39s. to 39s. 6d.; low white, 43s. 6d.; 869 hhds. West India and 1,000 bags Mauritius were sold by private contract. Co=EE.-420 casks and 200 bags plantation Ceylon brought full prices-viz., 59s. to 61s. 6d. for fine fine ordinary small gray to middling coloury. A part of 500 good and superior native Ceylon sold at 53s. to 55s., and 420 halfbales short berry 3focha were disposed of at 79s. to 83s. 6d., which was rather cheaper. RICE.-2,520 bags of Rangoon were bought in at 8s.,: but subsequently were placed at 7s. 9d. Privately 300 tons of Bengal have been sold afloat at 12s. 9d., guaranteed good middling. There is rather more inquiry for low descriptions on the spot. SALTPxFRE.-Of 2,700 bags of Bengal put up at auetion, consisting chiefly of the better refractions, about two-thirds were taken in at 36s. 6d. to 37s. 6d., but 11I to 6.i sold at 34s. 6d. to 35s. 6d. Per cwt. 350 bags of Madras, 4 to 3A refraction, realized W3s. 6d. TALLOW.-The market remains very steady at 47s. to 47s. 3d. on the spot, and 46s. 6d. to 46s. 9d. for the end of the year.
STATE OF TRADE. MTANCIEESTBR, Anin. 24. The market is quiet, but firm. There is a good business in yamns for manufactarers at full pfici, isit not much business for export, owing to the high pfices still ruling. In cloths suited to the home rade there also continues a steady business. Shirtings for export are scarce and in demand, and buyers are found wherever any modification of Tuesday's terms are entertained* in some kinds eventhe extreme rates are given. Domestics, iongclotbs, T-cloths, andprinters are al in request, and prices are higher, butthe makers have mor or les difulty m obtaining prices that will cover' the
THE CORN .TADE. MAN0O2RIRP A--,T. e Amoderate consumptive demand has been exerienced f dlour during the week, and thebest descriptionsof both English aDd foreign. being in imited suPply, have been saleable on slightly -ehanced terms. In other articles no material change has occurred. About 10,000 quarters of wheat and 2,700 quaters of beans comprise the chief imports into Liverpool from abroad, those of Indian corn and eur being extremely smaUl. From Ireland the arrirals of all articles are also scanty. At our market this morning there wVas s fairattendance, and a better- inqir laS3 experienced for good descriptions of wheat and fiour, which, being genecally held forsuther more money, had the effect of cbecking business. Secondary qualities were neglected. Oats and oatmeal met a very slowv sale at about previous rates. Egypitan beans and Indian corn were each ls. dearer. B1RM1IMG1IAA, AlrE 24. During the prezentweekhigherpricesbave beendemandeafor wheat, but not comVliedwth. -Barley less in request. Foroats wehave a fair sale, at prevous rates. Only a retaRl demand for beans. At Wolverhmpten yesterday theme was only a limited supply of wheat. which .old readily at the rates of that day week. At this day's market Themo was a liited supply of wheat, for which mlore money was asked; we, however, make nO altertion in our quo. tations. Barley dull, butnot lower. liforedoing in oats and beans, at fonmer pnices, BRISTOL, AruL 24. Since our last there has beenbut .ttle passing in the corn trade; stil previous values are generallymaintained. Atto-day's market Znglish wheat was in fair supply, and could Scarcelvbe bought on as goodterms as last week. Fine foreigu inquired for.mdfuDlyas dear, iuferior s,rts (of which our arrivals are considerable) sell at a decline of Is. to 2s. per quarter. Good barley scarce and wanted, but there is only a limited demand for feeding parcels. Oats in short supply, and rather dearer. Beans fiat, and can he purchased on somewhat easier terms. Wheat,-Spanisb, Portuguese, £c., red and white, 61s. to 68a. per 4Mb. Brailovw, Galatz, &c., soft, 52s. to 60s. per 4801b. Salonlca, soft 50s. to 5Ss. per 4301b. English, red and white, 62s. to 70s. per impenal quarter. Barley.-English, good to fine maltinr, 39s. to 44s. per imperial quarter; English grinding and distillery, 35s. to 3Ss. per imperial quarter; foreign ditto, heavy, 36s. to 37s. per4001b. Oats.-Welsh and Devon, black and white feed, 21s. to 23s. per imperial quarter; Irish kIludried white, 24a. to 26s. per 3101b. ; ditto, tawiny5 2s. to 23s. per 3041b. ; ditto fine black, 22s. to 23s. per 30.tb.; ditto, mnferior, 20sa to 20s. Os2 perto pbb. Bcans.-Forcign, 34s. to 38s, per 4801h; English, 38s, to 44s. per imperial quarter. Flour.-EeglArb, good seconds. r8h. toW51l per2l80b. ALverages for the Week endini A.nril 22. GLOCESTER. AimR 24. Our market for wheat is firmer, still no advance can be obtained on eitherEnglish orforeign. Barleyof aUl dnds flly maintains previous rates. Oatsmeetabettersale. With largearrivalsofEgyptLn beans they are pressed at a decline of 2s. per quarter, without leading to transactions of importance. Wheat.-Italian, Roman, Jc. fine red, 66. to Os. per 4601b. ; Portuguese and Spanisb, white and red 60e to 68s. per 4801b. ; Brailow, Danube, ., saoft. 5s. to 60s per 46lb; Galatza lc red, 5is. to 62s. per 4t01b.; English, white, 60g. to 72s. per imperial quarter; ditto, red, 64s. to 68s. Barley.-English, choice malting, 42s. to 4g per imperial quarter-, ForciOn, and English heavy, grinding, 37s. to 38g. per 400Th.; Irish, grinedng, 37s. to 38a. per 40000 r Oais.-Inish, kiln-dried, white,vpotato. 23g. Od. to 24g. OeL. per3l24s. ditto, black, 22g. to 22s. 6d. per 3i12b.; ditto, tawny, 23g. to 24s. eans.-Eng1ish; old, 5a. 3d. to E. 6d. per imnperial bushel; ditto, new, 4s. 6d. to4s. l0d.; Egyptian, 12g. to 12.6d. Per l9(ilb. Indian Corn, L95. 3d, to 12g. 90. per 1961b. * GLASGOW, APRIL 23. Since last week we bave had seasonable weather. Coastwise and from Ireland the supplies continue moderate; from abroad, by the Clyde, they consisted of -I 000 quarters of wheat, and 1,310 quarters of beans from Egypt; vii Grangei;outh there were none. There wasonly a retail businese passing during the week, at about previous rates. This day's market wam thinly attended; the demand was slow for any articlk and quotations have to be written omnally unaltered.
rlAW ZRHPOBI. - COtRT OF CHANEY, ;Ox?'S-m-§. An, 24. SMITE .. :LAXf(AN.. (Beforc X7OLOuDS JunSI5Cx of ArPEA This appeal from a Aecision ;of. Vice-Chancellor Stuart occupied the Court on Tuesday and Wednesday, and great part of to-day. -Theplaintiffis the aptelbnt' Mr. Craig and Mr. ¢L Nieboli re're counel for theapies!; lb. Wigrsn and Mr. Dicldniion nppokted the Vice-Chancelol' s decision Mr. 1..W. Ullis appeared for the defendant,- .iddel. ; 'The sbit relates to certain accountg between Mfr. WilL;am King Sitlv(the jlaintifn , a native of ,Fredericksburg, in the provirJ e of gi,' in ..the Uitd States, now residing in - Golden-sqare, 'and -31r; Stephen Charles aikeidan, of No. 2, Excha ge-buildJnas, in the city of London, shire-dealer '(ne of theMdrefendants), which acccinms one side' insWed ad' been settled and the othir side contended aere stil open-aud' unsettled. There. were other parties concerned, ene party to the' suit, Ir. 'Rberb Ahdrew.Riddele*t theothei not ,paty to this-suit Mr. Samiel Eaes Lowe. T'he dispite relates to the dis4position of eleien hundied shares i the ibery mines-a company formed in.Aprl, 1852, fir'theworldng of VanA clise and G - is' - mines.- M-f. Smith by his bill alleged that, although there ws an account Eettled bbt ween the p tie he same had ben' obtain'd by fraud and sprptise. The Yi& -Chancellor directed accoints to be taken7 and their Lordships have 'decided' that' the alleged iettled account 'was not an' account which, according to the rulesof this court, could be treated as a settled account, and- have, therefore, also directed accounts to be taken according to the prayer of tl'e bill, ou't' *ich'-are'wholly different from those directed by the Vice-Chancellor. - The evidence given in the cause is of a very voluininous nature, and contains a vast quantity of criminative' and wholly irrelevant matter, any detail of which would be useless. - 'pa] V. JEWELL. The arguments"in this appeal, from a decision of ViceChancellor-Wood then occupied the Court until its risimg. Mr. Rolt7 Mr. Daniel, Mr. Elderton, Mr. W. D. Lowis, Mr. J. W. De. L Giffard, and other counsel appear for the parties.
VICE-CHANCELLORS' COUIRTS. APRI 24' X RE THE LONDON, , RHMMGCAM, AND EUCEINGHA3I- SHIRE RAILWAY C0OMPA.-Y, EX PARTE VISCOUNT CUR- (Befoer Vice-Chancelor Sir R. T. X imism.) Mr. GLASSE and Mr. De GEX moved in this caseo that the decision of Master Richards} that he would reconsider and zeview a decision made by his Honour when sster in 1851, whereby Viscount Curzon was put upon the list of contributories in this undertaking, micht be reversed. It appeared that Viscount Ouzron had en present on one occasion when his name was proposed, and he was elected a member of the ma g committee in this project. That committee never acted on any other occasion; but whatever was done was by a provisional committee, and, at all events, Lord Curzon took no further part in the affairs of the company, and his Honour therefore put his name on the list, in respect only of any liability incurred on that particulZr day. After the laps of five years it was sought to make his Lordship generally liable, and the official managerandtwocontributoriesap. pearing by counsel, sought the Master's decision, whether the prior proceedings, whereby Lord Curzon's name was put on the list, ought not to be reviewed, and, bring forward no new facts, contended, on the authority of "Spot. 'iswode's case," 3 Law and-Eq. Rep., 681, that the law had been altered; and on that argument the Master had decided that he ought to review the former decision, and that opinion was now sought to be reversed, on the ground thathe should have proceeded upon some new facts or eividence, and not upon the citation of eases to show an altera. tion of the law, and which cases, moreover, had not, in fact, made any such alteration. Mr. ROXuRGmH, for -Ttho - official manager, and Mr. GRBEE, for two contributories, opposed the motion, and arVged that it was competent to the Master, under the 17th section of the Winding.up Act, to decide that he would review a former decision without hearing any evidence of new facts, but merely on aprin4facie case that such former decision ought to be reviewed. He had an absolute discretion to do so, and the 17th section was inserted to prevent appeals; and this was the first case vrhere such discretion had been caiedin question. -Mr. lGLSssn was heard in reply. The, VIe-CHANcELcop saidthat, under the 68th order of April, 1828, and therefore irrespective of the Windingup Acts, the Master had ayerfect right to review his own decision or the prior decision of another Master in the same office, which was the same thing, on special grounds; and when he proceeded under the 17th section of the Winding. up Act he proceeded, in effect, on the footing of that order. No doubt such reconsideration might go to a decision of the whole question, hut prind facie it was merely thatthe matter might be reconsidered. It appeared to his Honour that it was not necessarY for such a purpcose that ay new facts should be brought before the Master, nor to show that there had been an alteration of the law, or, more properly speaking, a different and more correct view taken ot the existing law, eeauseunder that order of S28 the Master was justified in deciding that he would reconsider a former decision if he thought the matter in question had not been on the former occasion properly presented. His Honour's ninclwas a blank as to whab had taken place, but he had :yielded to what was understoodto be the lawthen, although had expressed his surprise and dissatisfaction. The Master could not proceed blindfold, and, on the other hand, need not go into the merits, but it was necessary that he should consider whether there was any probability that the matter would be presented in a different manner to that in which it had been formerly presented. He had done so here, and was right in so doing, and the motion must therefore be refused, hut without costs, the costs of the official manager out of the estate. CHAUVITLER V. EASTOr. Mr. WEIXonD moved in'this case to vary an order appointing a receiver of the estate of a gentlemlan named ten y inserting the name of another person, the person appomntedby that order having declined to act, and the regmstrar having considered that thematter must be mentioned to the Court. Mx. eed andl hMr. Crouch apeared for other parties. The vICE-CsHAcxLLoR thought that the matter should be carried out by summons in chambers, as parties not sui juris might be interested. BLUNT V. LACK. ;Upoii this case (which was adverted to in !Tc Times of yesterdag) being resumed, His HoNoUR directed'that as to the widow's sbare in the estate a reference should be made, to the Lord Mayor's Court to ascertain the custom. The arguments on the other points are still continuing. (Before Vice-Mancdlor Sir Jons SruAsi.) RE ROYAL BANKR OF AUSTRALSA. -Mr. ROXBURGH moved, under 1st and 2d of Victoria,chap. 110, sec. 18, on behalf of the official manager of the Royal Bank of Australia, to make absolute an order to charge 400 shares of the United Kingdom Life Assurance Company standing in the name of Mfqs Catherine Wordie Connet who was a contributory of the Royal Bank of Australia, with the payment of the sam of 5,185Z., being the balance due from Miss Connell of a call for 5,80N1., made by the , Master upon her, towards paying off the liabilities of the bank. hlr. MA-, for the UJnited KERingdom Life Assurance Company, claLimed a lien on the 400 shares standing in Miss ConnelY's name; but - The VICE-CHANcELLOR made the order absolute, chargig the 400 shares in the United kingdom Life Assurance Company standing in Miss ConneD's name with the payment of the sum of 5,1 57., without prejudice to any question of priority claimed by the assurance company.
COURT OF QTENS BE1NCI. WESMUNsTrE.APRIL 24. MAUDESLEY V. PTNVK (Sittings in BawCo,' before Lord-CxNIPBE and JUstjCe3 WITGnrINrAN; RRT.rP n-.7 ORIEAAV' I mr. LDULWARD moved for a rule to sbow cause why the award made in the above case should not be set aside, upon the ground of misconduct in the arbitrator. The action was brought by the purchaser of a ship against the shipbuilder, andthe arbitrator had found in favour of the defendant. The defendant's case was conducted by a gentleman named Harrison, who appeared to have been employed because he was acquainted with and had hid business transactions with the arbitrator. On the day after the first meeting Harrisonwas seen to go-to a coffee-house, and was there in conference with the arbitrator for some time. The nest day the arbitrator went to examine the plaintiff; and when the plailtiff arrived he found that the arbitrator and Harrison had been together in the hold for some time. Lord CAMPiBELL saild that sometimes he walked down to this court, and if he happened to walk with one of the counsel his Lordship did not think that circumstance would affect his judgment. Mr. XMLVWARD said that when the papers were returned by the arbitrator a copy of a letter was sent to the plaintiff, wnich had not been put in evidence by either side. It must, therefore, have been handed Ln by Harrison, and it was likely, if unexplained, to prejudice the plaintiff's case. Lord CZalPBELL said no ground had been stated for disturbing the award. Rule refused. STEVENS V. SADLER. This was an action for a libel, in which the jury had given their verdict for the defendant, finding, at the same time, that the libel did not refer to the plaintiff. On a previous dav. Er. ExDWLn JUms, Q.C., had moved for a new trial, on the ground that the verdict was against the evidence. Mr. Justico WXGHTMA said that Mr. Justice Coleridn'e who presided at the trial, hadheen consulted on thesubject and his lordship thought the verdict ought not to be disturbed. There would therefore be no rule. Rule refused. -E PABTE DUGDALLE William Dngdale,in his ownperson,movedfor a rulecalling upon Henry 1richard, of No. 57, Lincoln's-inn-fields, an attorney of this court, to show cause why he should not answer the matters of an affidavit. Lord C(AMPBELL said this case came within the rule explained to the applicant a few days since, when he moved for a criminal inrormation. He was then told that, being a penal proceeding, the application could not be entertained unless it was made by a gentleman of the bar. The applicant could not be heard. Application refused. DN13BAE V. SaiJRTHWAITE.- This was an action in which the plaintiff sought to recover damages for a false representation as to the class in which the defendant's vessel, named the Sovereign, was reOistered at Lloyd's, and also as to its seaworthiness. The jury found a verdict for the defendant, but a rule had been granted for a new trial, on the ground that the verdict was against the evidence, and also on the ground of misdirection. Mr. WATSON, QC., Mr. Bovir, Q.C., and Mr. HoS.r. MAN now showed cause against the rule. Sir F. TnaSIGEB was heard in its support, and is to be followed by Mr. J. Wilde, Q.C., and Mr. Blackburn. THE QUEEN v. W. PALKER. In this ease the Court had granted a ru!e callipgon Wil3iamPliher,a prisoner in the gaol at Stafford,to show cause why certain inqui onsand indictments charging himwith murder ohould not be sent for trial at the next sessions of the Central Criimijnl Codt' In the early part of the.day, Lord CAiIPBEi addressing -Mr. Edwit James, said he wa svery anxibus that the rule which was pending in .the case of "The Queen v. W. Paner" .should be bronght on anddisposed of. M. EDwnA JmS said heeectedthe'Attorney-General to be in court very soon, but if anything . zhould occur to prevent his learned friend'i attendance to-day he himslf (Mr. James) would bring the case on. IAter in theday, and during the argument ilthe case of " Dunbar, v. SmurthIwe," - Iord CeAs.BEL1seeingthe Attorney-General inhisplace, said he as- adxious to have the natter settled as -to the trial at the Central CrMinl Court, and as to the day 'then Ihe tr'al should take place, in c'ase the rule should be made absolute. The ATToPMEY-GEMMAL said his learned friend: Mr. Gray (who appearedlfor the' pisoner) was prepared to consent that the rule should be made absolute. L ord CAscPBnL said that Mfr.' Justice Cresswell, Mr. Baron Alderson, and -hinself (Lord Canpbell) were the Judges whos'e' duty it wojld be' to preside 'at the next sessions of the Central Criminal Court; and, in anticipation of this matter, had-had'some conversation with one another. It appeared that the beit'course woild be to fix the trik't4 take place on Wednesday, the 14th of May; and 'e proposed thatthat should Le done if thero was no objection. The ATTo RNYGEG RAL said hc thought there cobld bs no objection. -Mr. GRAY-;who appeared for the prisoner, said 'he had been instructed to mention certain matters to the Court - but, having mentioned them, to, the Attorney-General privately, the learned gentleman bad given him satisfacti'on on the subject; and therefore it becarme unnecessary'for him to mention them to the Court. All that he adito.do was to consent to the rule being made absolute. The ATTORNEY-GENPAL said that oh a former occasion application had been made for copies' 'of -the depositions of the witnesses, andashe wasdesirous of doing everythiiig fair towards the prisoner, he had agreed to give copies of the evidence of all the witnesses, in addition 'to those exanined before the coroner. Mr. GRAY, on the part of the prisoner, said that- he felt thankful for what the Attorney-General had consented to give; and, though he had not granted all that was asked for, he had made the concession in a very handsome manner, which he (Mr. 'Gray) was desiious of acknowledging. The rule was then made absolute. Lord CAmPBELL said'there was now reason to believe that the prisoner would obtain a full, fair, and impartial trial. His Lordship earnestly expressed his hope that no comments would be made on any part of the case, either before or 'during the trial, or until the verdict should have been pro- nounced. It would then be open to discuss the conduct of the witnesses, of the jury; and of the Judges; but, till then, his Lordship hoped there would be no controversy,-as that 'might interfere with the administration of justice. The rnle was then made absolute to send the prisoner to be tried at the next sessions of the Central Criminal Court, the trial being fixed to take place on Wednesday, the 14th of May. At a subsequent period 6f the day, ' Mr. GRAY said he 'had omitted to mention one matter, 'which was that the prisoner and his friends wished that he should not be removed from Stafford until his removal became necessary for his trial at the Central Criminal Court. Lord COArpBELL said the Judges of this' court were now fmncti officio. By thd act of Parliament, on bemig served with the rule of Court, the governor of the pfrison must remove the prisoner to the gaol of Neewgate. The Court could not give him any directions.' His Lordship hought the Attorney-General had givenc11- that was reasonable. Mr. GRAY said he had mentioned the matter to the At. torney-General, who' said he had no objection; but he thought it was not a matter in vhich he ought to interfere. But if the Court should think it fit and'reasonable, he (the Attorney-General) would not object. Lord CkMPBrEL asked why the mntter could not beDarranged between the learned' counsel and the AttorneyGeneral. It might be done by not serving the governor of tbe gaolwith the rule untilsome time before the day. 'The Attorney-General might do that, if he thought proper. Mr. Justice EPLE said he thought the matter was not one for courtesy, but should be considered according to the strict rule of law. The question was not a matter to be arranged, but was one of legal right. Mr. GRAY was then about to' contend that this was one of the conditions which the Courts by the'24th section, was empowered. to impose on the prosecutor, if it thought it fit and reasonable, but was stopped by Lord CAnIrNEi4 who said he very much regretted that a matter which had- been arranged should now be disarranged. Mr. GRAY said he had understood that rhat he aslked for had been assented to, and he found that that was the case, but not by the Attorney-GeneraL Some further discussion having taken place; Mr. Justice COomaPT*N, on referring to the 5th section, said there was nothing to oble the Attorney-General to serve the rule immediately, and his Lordship thought the matter might be arranged-with the Attorney-General. Lord C3rrPBnsL having expressed the same opinion, Mr. GRAY withdrew his application. BAIL COURT. (Sittings at Niii Prizvn, in te Lord (hancc7oes Cowlt, before Mr. J.stice CoinsIDGE and a Common Jur,-.) WRIGHT V. BE=ETT. A verdict by consent, subject to a reference, was taken in this case, which was an action brought totry the validity of of a bill of sale which had been given by the well-known William Palmer upon some houses in his possession. - l Mr. L HIll and 'r. 'Petersadorff appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Edwin James and another learned gentleman for 'the defendant. JA3IMSOX V. B3ARRER This was an action for libel. The defendant denied the handwriting being his. Mr. Edwin James and Ur. Kerr appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. O'Malley and Mr. H. Brown for the de. fendant. The counsel for the plaintiff,' in opening the case, said, in March, 18I3, the'plaintiff, whowas then aperfumer's assistant, had answered an advertisement from a Madame CoupeUe, who resided at 35, Ely-place, Holbo'rn, and required an assistant. He had subsequently been engaged by a person there, but it turned out that there was no such person as Mtadame Coupelle. The'person who had engaged him was the defendant Barker, who passed under the name of Dr. Roos. The proceedings which were. carried on greatly dis-~ gusted the plaintiff, who left the defendant'semployment;and entered that of Dr. Batchelour. The defendant thereupon wrote the following letter to'thatgentlenanwhich contained the words complained of * " London, Fteb. 8, 1856, 10, Berners-street, Oxford.s'reet. "Dear Sir,-Havsnglately received much gratuitous and uncalled-for insult from a low dishonourable fellowJameson-formerly a footman of ours, and subsequently, as we are informed, engaged by you, -we have commenced proceedings against him, and as we have no desire to unnecessarily drag your name before the public in connexdon with such an unmitigated scamp, will you be good enough to inform us whether or not you are cognizant of, or abetting him in, his unjustifiable proceedings as relates to ourselvesit being represented to us, though we cannot think a man of the world, as we presume you to be, and one, 'moreove-, who is striving to establish a reputation by advertisin Will allow himself to be the tool of an ignorant puppy o has not sense 'enow'h to see that his best policy towards his peaceable. neigh%our is a friendly, upright beain. We thought it just possible ~the ipe (as heie ad fonner!y; done with ourselves) might have reached the length of his tether with you. I consider it but jus$ to ascerti first if 'conjectares are correct. We are, Sir, yours very obediently, "iW. DE Roos AsenCO. "To Dr. William Batchelour, 12, Finsbury- place south, Finsbury-square." Dir. Batchelour immediately upon receiving this letter discharged the plaintiff, who now brought this action to recover compensation for the loss which he had sustained by the act of the defendant. The plaintiff was called and roved the facts as stated: He also proved the libel to be in the defendant's hand- writing. He lefb because he was disgustedwith the defendant's proceeding of obtaining' money under false pretences. In his cross-examination, he said he had stayed at the 'defendant's for two years. He had endeavoured to 'set up inbusmess, and issued circulars- as Professor Jameson. He had written a letter to the defendant, which was now the subject of an action for libel and had published a placard calling the defendant a rasca3t Another witness wvas called toprove the handwxiting of The defence was, that the defendant did not write the -letter in question; and at the time it was written he had assigned the business to his brother, John Barker. The defendant was called, and stated that he had assigned the business to his brother. He swore that he had not written the letter containmeg the libel. In cross-examinatio, he admnitted having signed an affidavit as Walter de Boos. Alfred Barker said, 'the letter was not in his brothex's handwritig. He declined to say in whose handwriting'it Cross-examined.-He was not a partner in the firm of De Roos and Co. He sold patent medicines. He lived at Euig's-cross until nine months a go. He declined to say where he had liyed since. He dechned to say where he had slept last night. M fr. Justic COLE:BIDGE, in summing up, told the jury the first question for them to decide was whether the letter was written by the defendant. If thev found in favour of the plaintiff, they must say to what damages he was entitled. a - - The jury returned a-verdict for the plantiff-damages, 75?.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS. wrn,Zrrm7r A '-)4 HAW=EB V. SEA1T. BR A5R. (Sittfing5 in Banco, Eastefr 2erm,b ijfore, Lord Chief Jid,% -rERVsL and Justice# CQm5ivD=, Cowix, aijZ Wrr T) - - In this case Mr. SLAna3, Q.C., and 3fr. ARSLAxE were heardinmipPort of a rule for a new tri, onthe ground that the verdict had beea obtained by surprise, and was against evidence.; The ATTos^s7Y-GENhnALwasheard to showcause against -the nule on Tnesday last The action was for crim con., in which the plaintiff obtained a verdict, with lODI. daLages; and the learned Attorney-General then contended that the afflidvits on which the rule Lad been obtained were unatisfactoryas anyanswer to the evidence, And not suchas could be received. In support of the rule, it was coniended on the affidavits that the result of the trial had been unsatisfactory, and ,that it-was essential to the ends of iustice that thene should be another investigation,-St which witnesses might be called for the defendant tending to contradict the evidence of -he plaintiff's witnese, and showing that the latter wefe net. thoe believed. -The defendant had been selected by the. Lplaintiff to be attacked for crines of which he swore by his amdavit he ws entirely innooent. The Cou we-re unanimonsly of opinion that no case Was made out to waurrt a new trial. aRule discharged. .- - CLOSMADUl V. CARROLT. - This' was an action, on a charterparty tried before the Lard Chief Justice, -who, refused to receive a copy in evi. 'dence, on the ground t-kat it ws not sown that the orii al had been stamnped. Evidence wdas given to showv tbit, although- n-ot tampe wh~ en: siEned, it bad been sent by post tothe proper office in Londton- from Caraiff with the amount of' duty and postage,' 'to be staped; The original could not be found. On these facts the copy was object'ed to when proposed to beput-in,evidence, and the learned judge decided that he was not satisfied the origin. hadbeen -stamped, and refused toreceive the copy in evidence... -Aile for a new trial having been obtained, - M-ie. MLLISH now showedcauSe, and contended that the p resumption that everything which ought to have beenidone hdbeeii done did not arise in this case. , The rule of law was: tiat a party who possesed- a writteninstrumeit. reqiiin gstanp anda owishedtouseit inievidence,niust shotthat it was stamped.! -' Mr. Serjeant CHANrr.n and Mr. H DERSONm in.snpiport of-the rule, contended that the presumption raised -that the deed was stamped was suffieient to Admit the dociment tendered. - - The COURT took time to consider its judgment. (Sittings at Nii Priuw, at GuildhaI4, b&fwc Mr. Aud,We W- VAns andZ a Common Jur - The time of the Court was occupied during the vwhole-oE the day in the. trial of a cause " Clarke v. VWestrop,2 in.r ' .volving intricate questions on the cusiom in the county of' Cambridge as it affect -the rights of farm tenants-to. carry away, seill, and, on having,to receive compensationforh y, strawv, anmanure.- The-evidence was most .tedious, and. totally -uninteresting to-the general reader.i lr.. Serieant Byles, -Xr. O'lley, Q.C. and Mr. Keene |appeared for thoplaintiff ;andr.Knowles, Q.C.,andMr. i th for he derenant. - 4-j.
. . COURT OF EXOHOUR. TRUPTJISnXY. APMx 24. (Sitting in Banco.) The CouIT took the special paper to-day, pursuant to notice, and disposed of a few cases which did not call for any detailed report.' -- ' I (Sitings at 2rwu Prsus, bfore Lrr. Baron MAaTn? anI CommortnJuries.) . This was the frst day of the second sittings. There were 25 cases on the list. - SUETT V. ASPII. Mr. Collier and Mr. Pollock appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. SerjeantPigott and Mr. Robinson for the defendant.. hiathis case the plaintiffelaimed compensation indamages for injuries sustaned by him in consequence of the alleged negligence of the defendant'sservant. The defendantpleaded. No't Guilty." ---- ' It appeared that the plaintiff vasa youth about lS years of age and lived with! his father, a fisbmonger in White chapel, who employed him in fetching fish from BillngsF ate.xnarlket. da the' 7th of July last, at 9. o'clock ain the morning, he w.as wheeling a truck containing -oysters along iFenchurch-street, wrhen a waggon on its wrong side, heloncing to the defendant, who was a.merchant, stnick the txinck and threw him ander its wheels. He was seriously injured, one of his arms being torn and otherwise hu, so that he could not use it without great difficulty. He had been talken to the hospital, whereheremiinedl2 iveks He had been able to earr about 15s. per week but was not able to do so now. He was goig-slowly up the street, and could not have avoided the accident Several witnesses were called in support of this case. The defence was that, there being'a stoppage in the street, the driver of the defendant's waggon had crossed over to get by at a pace of about two miles per hour. The 3plaintiff; who was racing with another boy, ran into the Vaon and was thus thrown -under its wheels entirely byr his own fault. The driver had called out to him, but he had not taken any notice of it. Evidence having been adduced in support of the defeudant's case, - Mr. 3aron MAiRT, in su=ming np, said, the jury must say upon which side the negligence was, in their opinion. If a man chose to drive on his wrong side he ought to use extra care. If they found for thejplaintiff,-then, what damages? The jury returned a verdictforthe plaintiff-I)amnages Soi.
COURT OPF BANKRUPTCY, Baghdf, A.pri 24 TV RF r RAV *x TTI-UAQn OV.AK (Before Mr., Commfuwner EvAI.j - The bhfkrupts were~ ship and insurance bzokers of 102; Ieadenhall-street. Their acconts comm'enced June 1, 1855 itha caVpital of 2,7W;(ofwhich2,000I wkisnlocktons), and closed "wth unsecured creditors, 2,OW.- creditors, holdin secunty, 1.6911.; property held by secred creditors, 2,322. t other assets about 2,700?. (a donbtful Tealization) Mr. Chidley appeared for Floclton, Mr. Smith for Mr Hutchinson, and Mr. Tinklater for the i8signees. An adjournment took place by consent, tob1e the' accounts to be completed. ET BE B. H. BLC The banlruptcy in this case-took place in Febrarary last, but the bankrupt has not yet surrendered to his last examination. This was a dividendssitting. It-appeared that the asssets up to this timne had reahized about 1,91., sufficient toSieldadiidend of nearly 1s. in the pound but 'for a proof tendered this day hy the Royal BritBankforabout 4,0001. n. respect to bills discounted, the acceptors of some of which couldnotbe discovered. The dividend, under these circumstances, will be about 4s. in the pound ni .E KIRMMAN eLA'X. We are requested to say that in what the learned Commnissioner is reported in our paper of yesterday to have said, as to so]icitors not sending n their biUs of costs for such long periods, he referred only to the habit of those practising before him in that respect, and had no intention of referring (as the words of the reporb would seemto imnp)s) to any one out of it.'X
MLDDLESEX .SMIONS, Thur Ap i- 24.. APPFATS. (Befere Afr. PASULEY, Qd2, A 1i (BeJo-re Mfr. IASErra Q.O., AstWavnt-Avdo/e, tnd 'a ful22 -Rpmh of Al;nn,f 0 n1 -fVrnrf I The Court sat to-day at Clerkenwell to hear appeas against refusals of justices in Petty Sessions to graht lioenses to sell excisable liquors under the 9th George IV chap. 61. There were about 30 magistrates present; t7 cases were entered for hearing. Henry de Bruno Austin ?ypealed against the refusal lof the magistrates of the Paddington division to gant a lioense to sell excisable liquors (9th George IV., chap.. 61) to the house and premises situate at the cornerof Cleveland-mews and Ieinster-terrace, Paddington. Mr. Boddin appeared for the appellant;* MIr. Caxlson was instructed for the respondents, hut was not in attendance when the. case was called on. The license'was granted. William UJpton appealed against the refusal of the'm agistrates of the Holborn division to grant a similar leiense to the house No. 9L Strand. Mr.Bodkin appeared'for the appellant, Mr. Ballantinefor the respondents. This appeal was dismissed, as was one by MAsry ixlson against a refusal to grant a like license to the premises, 302, Strand. Frederick D)arbey appealed against the refusal of the Paddington divisional magistates togrant a license to the house No. 21, Albert-terrace, Paddington. 31r. Bodldn supr,orte& the refusal of the Court below; Mr. Ballantine w-asor the appellant. Appeal dismissed. 1Robert Thom Apps andWilliam Stroud appealed against therefusl of the'Marylebone justices to renewlicensesto the King's Head, Portland-street, Oxford-street, and to the - Pump, Paul-street, liarylebene, respectiv-ely. In these *cases comnplaint had; been made'of izregular proceedings, and thc¢magistrates sutpended th icenses but theireneal was not nowr opposed, andthey were accordingly granted. MIr. Bodin was for 'the appellants. Thomas T rsdey appealed ag iinst a refusal by the St. Pancras mwat strate to' .t license to the Gospel Oak - Inn,Pat entish-town. eh Parry wasifor the appellan t, Mr. 1 Clison forthe respondents. The house in question had ,been licensed, but the landlord becamec a bankrupt, and the license wfas not; renewed. It was now granted. Therewas. aMr. Bodlin, Mtr. Cooper, Mr. Ballantine, Mr. tParry, andtr. Sleigh appearedn n this case, and each addrgssed ted Coort. ter a long hearing the appeal was dismissed. Benjamin Stratford ap peled againsta refusalto renev a Mmense to th WelshHarp, Brent-bridge, Edgware-roadi Therei as, a compaint that theappellanthadpermitted desecration of the Sabbath, by allowkng persons to fish in the Brent reservoir adjacent to hia house. The license ws now granted on conditions relatins thereto. Mr. Bodlcin was for the appc1eant; Mr. Ballantine for the respondents. - Williaes Henry Conquest appealed against a reful to grant u license to a house;in Pratt-street, Camden-touns Pifr. Bodn, Mr. Parry, and . r. Ballantine appeared in this case. The appeal s -di R An appeal by Charles Walker against the refual of the insmury iusieces to Clense the house called the Prince Albert, tharles-street, -Ilington,lwas withdrn at the ang. gestion of counsel, as it was considered that next year the aipeflanthw hould be in a 'better position to apply for the license. The Assstant-udge mde a note to that effect. Char:les iFrederick Watkins appealed agvainst the refusal ogf the justices of the Toecr Devision to license the house called the Wbndior Castle, Betinal-gre,n, near toitoria Park; Appeal di.mssed.~ Mr. BaLlantine supported, and Mr. Bodksn opnosed. Willians Escott, of the Watennen's Arms beer-house in ltobert-street, Poplar, appealei against a refusalto raant hima license. Mr. Clarkson supported, 3fr. Bodkin op. posed. Witslesses were balled and exained as to the necessity of the house having a license. After a long har ibg,-he.Court granted the-license.c, - An appeal by RWilam Dwyer against a refsl to renew a lioense to the Ship in Distress in Warcour-street, Sobo; was postponed to give the appellant time to let the house. John -ssey appeaed eagainst a refualto grant aloenseO te -Vnlcn in Arnhamstreet, Uimehose- and George mer, against a. refual of alicense to the h3uc Anchor, Westminster. lEhese appeals were dismi}ed. .& license w eas lirte to James Darr.the younger, for tbs Cixowns, Goldon-crencent, St. Pancra.
.POZICE. GuLnMn=tx-Aftrick Howley was charged on suspicion with lelog concerned, with two men nmaed .lynn ana er, MO!F .under sentence of transportation, in bez Lhbe op adwi at mr. -walter, of Alderaate-street, in atealing therefrom eg Mumube of gdandilver watche3 -d 'chins; and William Westbry and Wiiam 1)ennis .;e c&9haged with asaulting the policein the execution of .heir duty and atteui to rescue th prisoner; and y Birdwa charged wiicLing the two prisoners and others Lo commit theasAalot : AIdermaaCun fremanded Hawley for further inqury; W* and])tnnz aishe committ to prison for 21 days wi tazd habonrd a Birdlie sentenced to seven day! im- Bow-smxT.-fSe attentioil of the sim t 3&strte was called by Sergeant Hughes, of the E iision t a charge which appeared on the police-sheet and in 'whiAih b defendant bad not bten aent to the cort. - -He stated that, on. te previou ight, a Mr. Jones,a nenvemwn *bout 50 years of age, remiding in Storetrec*, Bedfor ure,- was found by the police mn Tottenacourt~¢rda a belp}ess vtate of drcizeunes& He-ws relnioyed to -the station and the charge ws entered, theo defendant beiink just sensible enonugh to hear it and te~ - iia his namue. HEe then relpsed into.a state of unconscionsness-s and, al attempts to rouse hin provng inedbctual, it was judged advisah to send him t- the hospita- Here recour wasadtoalle-e istl remedies,equal yitho teffect.After ug thestomach-pumP and CUppin5 hinm. the miedical officers ia pplied the galvianic battery, hu lie appeared quite insensible to the shock. He still lay in the sanie statec!f unconsciousnessand i-Short no hopes were entertained of c&ieevery.:~ >- .h wa .r The. GSTA obserted, that his re-lt was v -shekib, but rea1y oughttnot to exciteanysurprize. He rather -wondered thit such thinis did not occur oftener. -e Brgeant fuoxther stated hat. a considerable sn-m at money an somevaluable rngs, kc., were found ona the p.i-eoner. -It appew iat-he.Jaad lately had a legacy to a. large sxmount--left hin,-aud it was supposea that thesudden improvement in his circumstances had affected his mindandhadbeen-the cause of histakingto dinking ..TheX&G Ts inqired it herewas any suspicion o£ pois'on' . ;: gSerpent Hughes replied, that there was not. he -e was only used to relieve the stomach of the liquor he Ma been drinling. . - . .,Ultimately. it wasordered that ,an entry should e mde on thesbeet, Mthathe prisoner was removed to the hospitxa. qithouft haming been brought before the Court. - : John Tong, a maser- plumber, Qarring on business in. lhsper-W lington street, and haviag severalilodgino houseof tne neighbourhood, was summoned for an-eastagt upon Mrs. Catheie Eyocott, thewidfe of -a elerk .at Somerst house, who-:holds aprtmenits o defendant at 12, Ygorkstrect-Covent glrnen.. - ' - - I, -appeared thlat Mrs. Ecott sad hired the roonem ine -uestOnn, not of defendanet himself, bu-c of a Mr; Shirleck his partner:inbukneuss, and had stipulatedfor the nise ofa -c6aI cellar- This coal cui1ai, amongothef things, hd since been the sujeet of hispute,-and defendant had given corr plah snt notice to u uit on-the 2ath of ar; but, is that notic was given a day too late, complinant, not having bieen able to find ap~iitments to suiit her, had determiined t4 reiisn. On Wednikesiay, the 16th Winst., the defendantre. nered the dispute .bout -the coal cellar; desiring . Eycott to clear the-ellar aidogive it up. On her refdsal he sid ie rould kldll- a eouple of pet fo*ls whiich tos tth-geo-n-the ititchen and,nd, after wing a iecer of wood atone of them, and killing it on the spot; hesiiipe on a taele tostrike it the other, whicws bescaping by thea wis,dow rs. Egcott - tried t'o pull him bao E - ythe kir£ ofhiseoat, hichtps-orn in the stuggle, andfhe elianei upon her and kickedsieruiderthe chin. dIe'tlen junhed to the ground, glew at ierRifh ssdenfras ane ieatdher in thc.most ba.rbarous niner- with his clinched fist-s. In giving her evidence eotr siowed her ahms, andwith -bere verymucibn ue, and i black eye. a td iest she wa quire over hehsied-by nthe showrer of blows, biit afer a whfle she caughlt usp a stickz and was malin a feebile attemnptto defend herself a ien defesdnt's wtife anda neishbour in-- terferedand got him areafo rtherwards he iade his tvato her roomins, where he loaded her and her husband with abuse, the latter bein ai.cipple and unable to turn him out. - -. ..- rs.i iniY sevefa1 times in the course of the be arrng and againi at the close- of the-case, suggested 'to liz I)icombe,wlho appeared for the defence, that he had heifer'induce his client to make some offer of compensation; a proposal that gentleman showred no dipsition to adoptw till his -ors ipintimatedthXt, if:the matter couldnsot be arranged, hee-cast either send the-case for tra, or deal with it under - therecentactofl? i-ment. In fact,his onlyreWson-forpe-ritting a. eoproniise was, that he Would wish ;tho - money to go ihto cofaplaiziantVs pocketw vrhich would not be the case if he inricted a fine. - - Thecase, after being'adjourned to allowv an oppor#u of arngement,-au brought a second tinio under his:wors k s.noticeby.Mr. DuicQmbe annoulcingtbat his client I-haa agreeat pay lt.o*onthat-day veek. - -Mr. H; NY said, if. hehia decided the cas e bshuld have inficte: the full penalty of 20. , . - Mr. Wontner, fot the complainant, said, that his client - vas willing that the ret up to that e, abiout Al, or!i. sol eeucted. .-: - -' . i lE r-.Y ordired rthe aefeDdant to'enter into liis own recognizances for . to appear ona futuLre di w-nP, itthe ten1is of the .co mpromise had been folfille; .tXie case mig ewithdrav;n.~ u . - . osoira}G391STRM.-John Ingrmii Owven , George Smith- Owe, aD nd -Eawtard Ovren wmer brought W.ore Mi. RGUAIff for:fur-ther exahtion, charged -with earing. on a system of fraud and forgery to an immense extent. - - -Lr.u Lewlleis appeareds for t,he prisoners. -, - ~ 154, Piccadilly.- know the ri-- Bobert Douglas, of N.1i icdly- nw h )E soner, IEdwrd Owen. On the 4th of January be caled upon me andsaidhe.wasstillintheservice of 3ir. Jeakes, stove-maker, ana that he had been underta3dn a larIe ob lreland, and,- having paid great attention to -hejo Jeakes had given hlim a hoyday.Xead for some money in advance, -and Mr. Jeakes had given hix a crossed cheek for 18. He exbressed his ol'ance at havhig the check crossed, anudsaiitwoulddelaybhimfor - day or two unless I would give hinimy check in exchaigeI gareh rnym checkforthe checkI produace, purorting tobe drawn by .r Jeakes ou Hersiea and Co. I paid the check in to my banker, and in a few daysitwasreted-tome.marked no "effects" . dwrardXestevex; 3Elk-street, woollenaraper.-I am irrtnership with in -brothers. I am acquaintedwith John. ngramnOwren, of Snrewrsbury, the father of the prisbider On the 4tTa of Oct;ober last t-he prisoner, Jobhn Tngram nOwen, ciled upon me and, produced a checkl on 2!ebar-. l-a ndCo., a.Shrewsbury, for 20L, statin that he d 1zeoeivecl it. fromj -his fither, wrho had asked him to $-et it cashed. I gavethe prisoner a- check on Prescbtteni -Co., -ancl on the folowing day I received a letter from the pri, soner whch led mne t6 believe the check, as it afierwards, turnae(Iout.was a,foier;r. -~ JJSAWIaOL, VIIsL& wo mEes. rcot.-Jn Uctober laEt some person preented an order for a check-book sig'ned Xesteven and Co. I gave the person a check-book munmbreI A3,601 to.43,800.I Fredericek Needham, clerk to Messrs. Prescott.-On -the 14th of October a check for 1501., purporting to be signed .by Kesteven Brothers, was presented and paid in a 1001. note.anda50?I-note. EdwardXesteven.-The order for the check-book is 'for. gery-so-is the cheek. £dwaid-Tanfie.-I sam. in the service of Ml,r Edwardt, buitcher, Tun'bxidge-'weflls OnL the 25th of Febrrary -Iat the lrisoner Edwardl Owen came to mny master's shop 'anti inquired for Miss Caufield; a young lady who had been a governess ini Mfr. Xdward' -faifiiiy, but who had left. The risoner said he had beefn doing some work for lord de i1sle, at Penshurst, and that his Lordship had given him a cheds for 32?., drawn on Mcssrs. Prescott and o, and be wanted Mr.Edwards to gi- hini csh for it. Mr. BewArd9 sentme to, r. Beecbjng'anjto get iteashed. 1-tookit there and got the money, which I gave 'to Mr. Edward-, who after-ards ave it w the prisoner. John Henry Webb, Trowbrdge, woollen manufacturer.- Ih.ve known- the, prisoner's father for 31 years; be Waied in Shrewabury som yea ago. I was a creditor; andL wasnotpId infulL.. In IMarckhlasthletterwasbrodi ghtto - ~my counting-house, enclo si-a mcar,"ereSilOe E~~~~~~~ to "GaEit u edeEe,ao i eo7eol Sait rpOwef Xee River,Australiav? In coDnequence f that. letter I hwent totheGeorgeHotel, andthere sawthepisoners Geo2 r Smth Owen and Edwird Owen. I saked omeward Owen Li' lhe.'wo~uld come down andatake spper With3me. He said hO~ was very tired, mand iv66uld.rat'ber mot. Iashed him -to come t4 brealfet st, hut he declind and said be woudi wait upon of 6at 0 Lthe nextn orning. I told him tobring hisfriend. -with him. He rele Th-etlmnwas no friend. at,tathep ,lied the getlemimecs orm h of JhslEU; he was only a commercial traveller he had plicked hep on the road On the 28th of March the prisoner Edward 'Owen called, on me, and;I at liii request, I got the ledgr ont and looked over his father's account. Theprisoner said he would pay asother dividend of 6g. Sd. in the pound, and he pened hisan took out a heocklor W0., purporting to be danb tm Grindley and co. on irescott and co. Ideducted the dividend, 32a 410s., aind I gave the prisoner my check for 27. Os, proable at Smith's, Tee- a r eceipge-a.'nd .aofo tofgive fto fcher. IsenttheprboneFschektoIzn and was informed by telegrphzdc maesage that 'it was: a- forgery. I saw the two oners reive cash for mny cheek at the T~rowbridge Bank.~ James Thomas Rutter, umnbrella-mak-er, Cheapside.-On Wednesday the prisoner, Edward Owen,.called upon me and aid be had ome to ay his father's debts.' Tie amountdue 2was 71. 10s. The psoner produfed a check for- 151., drawn on Herries and uo., and I Alve ll the balance enw MY check for 71. 1. The choee wa pre 'n and lt, n tuemed fomte a '\aaoee - Mr. Mullens tintitea that 'he proposed first to bring focward a seires of cases afecting George Olwen A-cler'k, fOm Coutts~s nam7ed Mason, proved thaLt a che*X for 371., jMuiztbg to bo Arawn by a lady mnn.ed 3Eliabeth Lloyd wasp~setei nd paid. in JTne~ 1854. This check 'wa a orgry,as~as note sinking for a cbeck-bcok-and anohernot iquiingint te catate h aiccont. amss-- Bote GereIento ogzsa e hous,and, werni4 oftheforgedeheclcl Clft
CRYSTAL PALACE.-ONE StILLNG DAY.-Thirsday, April 24.-Admissions on payment, 2,094; ditto by season ticlsets, 577; total visitors, 2,671. * [Advertisement.3-Pictures in the Royal Collections.- The " ArtJournal" for May, price 2s.&6d, contains engravingofrom the piCtu-es of * Asnald," by G. E. Hering, and " The tlhildren in the Wood," by J. T. Pede, both at Osbome: and one from Spencr's Statueof Spring." The literarycontributionsinclude:-"M1instrels of the 3iddle Ages." bythe Rev. E. L. Cutts, illustrated: " Porcelain Workis of Messrs. Kferr-and Birma," illustrated; - ExhibitiOn of the Socety of Bnrtims Artists ;" N-ovelty in Falny Work," ilustrated; " British'Axtis. No. 14-T. Creswick, RA.." iUustrated: *' The MLarine Aquarir.u" by Mm. 5. C. Hall; " lVhitby Jet and Ammonite Ornaments." by P.. Hant, F.RS.; -The National Galery ant its Defamer," '&c. Virtue and Co., 25, Paternostros . [Advertisesenit }-New Pianoforte Solo.-Pens6ee Heureusce, composed by Rt F. Hanrey. *' This is a brilliant piece. affording decided evidence of the pure taste and correct judgment of the composer."'-Vcle "Dublin Evening Post." London: Addison, Homler. and Lucas, 210. Regent-street. Dublin: S. J. Pigott, 112, Gratton-street: price 3s., post free. [Advertisenient..Will you dine with us to-day? How leasing this inquiry ; yet how often fraught with trouble to those at ome A new work, the " WTife's Own Book of Cookery," teUs what to provide, and how best to dress and lay on the table a linner for two or any larger number, and of any character or style, either cheap or crslIy, and adapted to any income, howvever small or large. This really useful book contains above L500 original receipts for dishes that can begot up in any household, and is illustrated with 210 descriptive engravIg6s. Another profusely illustrated work, " Elegant Arts for Ladies," gives plain and reliable instructions in every elegant art and graceful accomplishnent. Both books, price 3s. 6d. each, should be in ever.lady's keeping. Bech.teir's " Handbook of Chamber and Cagebirds" (Price 2s. GL.). "Treasures in Needlework,' by Mrs. Warren asd M rs. Pudan (price Ss. 6d.), are the best books on their respective subjecs, and aresuperbly illustratedL London: Wfard and Lock, 13, Fleet-street, and sold by all bookselers. [Advertisement,.3-nteresting New Work s.-1. "Eastern Hospitals and English Nurses: the Narrative of Twelve Months Expenence in the Hospitals of KouIali and Scutari." by a Lady Volunteer. 2 voLs.. with illustrations, price 21s. 2. Journal of Adventures with the British Armey, from the commencement of the War to the Fall of Sebastopol. by G. Cavendish Taylor, late t5th Regiment, I 2 voLte, 21s. 3. Travels in Persia. Georgia, anid Koordistan, with Eletches of the Cousacks and the Caucasus, by Dr. Mornritz Wagner 2 vols. Also just ready, in 2 vols. Svo., with portraits, Memoirs of the Court of the Regency. from original family documsents, by the Duke of Buckirbharn, K.G.. &c. Hurst and Blackett, publishers, successors to Henry Colburn, Great Marlborough-street. [Advertisement.]-Part I., price 7d., of the re-issue of the great educational work, " Cassell's Popular Educator," will be read(y wth the tay magazines. This admirable publication is edited by Professor Wallace. and is profusely iUustratedl It is indeed too - well known to need further descri tion here, more especially as it is being very extenrively announed= in detail elsewhere. It is being isued. also f- we kly numbers at Jd,d each, of which above 30.000 are cold. The wrork nay &lSD be had entice in 6 ,ols.. 4. OxL each, or in tdbel vote., s. Ol, each, coentraining ao lrohmpllelte educational coturse in work The lirst I ole,are published on inferior paper, at3s.6fd each. or complete in 1 v oL. Ss O. L London: Wv. Kent, and Co.. 51 and 52, * Paternoster-vowr. puh&'here of Cassell's educationlal and other w orks dmay bohad of all bookellers and newsmen in the kixirdoug iAdvertisement.] -3Iarrv-at'sNovels.-The cheap re-issue. Thisday is published. irice Is. &d fancy boardls or freo by post for 22 stamps, " The King's Own," by Captain Slarryat. " Every tnie lover of hls country has a go00i .ronr for hold aud honest Caltain l Maryat: be hns done for sea-stories what Dib<xin did for the 5iilor's songs,-he has giTen themn a penranent position in the literature of otur country. No other writer naS been equall successfutl in portraying the differeut plr,sus of tie cearl. He gives us the daring,the xichnmeveo the ri-tore, isith;out the vuflgarity by which too mainy writers of tee class have urn-e,d their creations" Itis confidently anticipated that the sale of " The King's Own" w-ill rival that of its pi(edcesor * Pcter Simnple," of which 30,000 copies have been sold. Iondon: George Rt-utledge anmd Co.. Farringdou-street. (Advertiselment.] -Mr. S. C. Hall's new vol, " Popular Tales and Sketches," is just out, containing IS charning tales by this snoSt popular authoress, now first coUecte-t antl revised for the r' Amusing iAlimary," price enLIy Is. tMm. Hall's naine has acquired so Wrcat acc' ieurty bot" homseandabroad.that thisvol- cannot but prove _ tniversal favzourite. As., gift beokit is unsurpassedl, It is beautii'nliYPrinte,land ern,ivIhed, and maybe had in elegant cloth lrisst a~e~ for holf-.er arbt and Cs., 462, .e4n- ev°Otford-t reet,a ad at an iraalways. -'Advertisement.>Webster's Diationary. In one large XOyWiSro volune. price ls, "Websters' Dictioniary of theEnglish Lang.'age," the sixth eiitionr This highLy important wvork, which has been Lt3ed by the pires " a siiine of ivevsianslible wealth, a noble onum 't Of crudition, to the student annnvaluable treasure, to the man Of m'usine&i an ever ready book of r2ftrence,n rm.ty now be ohtained of.vOY bookseler for li6, "Such a marvel of chcapness, stch a imasw of accurate and reliable infornation throughout, cornpared with the iAgeisst and mroot recent auths'ritie4s an- newl y edited, 27,000 words n-ot to0 ho found in TodIetdkJoli r's-s licinzg here insertedi, -innu t fail to P'O=Mand for this edition of *-Weter" a pre-emninent ltion among hooks- Of its chass. A spec'nimn s:, if diesired, will wsvrdegra'ssonapplicatton, Louidon- (CikroiR(Mtouledge and t't;3rerira-s-sem t] h "Dispatch" .*dynx (0mnal inrt r5mnt,, a 'a of tcounztaryreealReview at tedTauaextos h Trea.Wty tofseaOf,, f'-amily sitedn u and by ~~iustrc, Colici Ty irgnTof thr'~r~qe nur -,Ton-atell5ez. Ofie,t.}The " Era" newvspaper will Cortamn a irteUothri tie a nt oftha mhe nrvcalldgoriu ae lae- f md a and 1 many oinltce Th kr- amcg wbom It ir ol u hi n ans hepoTncetL "ouwctt ra o h hntin i-fsi beLle winners of te,Oad2t( 00tk~ c neo l newsagents or sn i otg ti ~ .A
SHIP NEWS& TLTVPERPnC)T. Ar 0, WVind, S.S.W. Arrived.-The Typhoon, and the Argonaut, from Bombay-the Asia, from Calcutta-the Star of the West. from New York-the Elba New, from the Clyde-the Margaret, from Mavre-the Joseph Cunard, fromolonlmein-the John Norman, from New Orleans-the John Fraser, from Charleston-the Mluscongus, from Baltimore-the Egyptian, from Alexandria-the D. N. de Jesus, from London, and the Cherubin, from Baltimore, SalledL-The MIeros, for Calcutta-;he Sa3nuel Dunning, and the America, forNew York-the Chiceora, for Newv Orleans-the Saxon, for Matanzas-the Ann, for Alicante-the Florence, andthe Favorite. for Quebec-the Ellzabeth, for St. Petersburg - the Lady Mona, and the Criterion, for Buenos Ayres- the Hymen, for Ancon-othe S. V West, for Narva-the Plencia, foi Havanmah-the Chauce, for Gaspee and theJames Thite, for Newport. The Mdliho, for Lisbon, has beern towed back from Queenstown with hermacdinery damaged. Loxnoar, April 24.-Wind at noon. N.; light breeze, and C!oudy. BnesroLr, April 24.-Wind. S.1., light aml fine.-Arrived, the Amelia, from Liverpool. Saied. the'Supply,-for Cardiff-the Beresford, for Swansea. The Rowena, for Hamburg. has gone dewn the river, and remains in Kingroad. The Queen Victoria, from Savannah for Ibis port, was passed abandoned, waterlogged, anid with loss of ruddler, on the 2d inst.. in laht. 6 N., long. 66 W. FAsxowrs. April 23.-Arrived off the port, the Victoria, from Port Adelaide for London; tended mails andt passengers-and the Fancis tilrlley, from Callao and Lisbon for London. Sailed, the erzog Paul, the Amazon, and the Ericksen, for l ondon. PAsas, AprIl 24.-The Enuile, of Nantes, while at anchor, was run into by the Colembe, of Nantes, from Bordeaux for Niewport, and a uarter.of£an.bour af terwards nothing but part of her deck, her mainmast, and mainsail were to be sees, her hull had totaly disappeared; crew saved The Hertotne of St Vaast, from Swansea for Charente, put into Belle Isle on he lth inst., having struck upon the Penmarks the day prevIous, anld cruslhed three butts of her planldiig. NS oYoa April 13-The top part of a steamship's paddlebox, painted blade. with a new board m it was seen on the 8th inst. in lat. 37, long. 72, by the Aliance arrived here. GRAVESEND, ApriL 24. (BY SUaaARn,U AND BCMSrE TrLEGRz.APn I (From Lloyd's.) 9.30 a.m.-Wind, E.; tide, low water; cloudy. Arrived-*The Rainbow and the Earl of AuckLiand, from Rtotterdam -the Baron Osy, from Antwerp-and the Seine, for Boulogne. Sailed.-The Geneva, for Toalon-and the Sir E. Banks, for Calais. I p.m.-Wind, } ; tide, three hoors' flood; fine. Arrived.-The Triton, from Calais-and the Flora, from Amster dam. Sailed.-The Fyenoord, for Rotterdam. 3 p.m.-Wind, E.; tide, five hours fined; moderate and fine. Arrived.-The Queen. from Stettin-the Harlingen and the West Friesland, from Harlingen. Sailed.-The Truro, for Adelaide. 7.30 p.m.-Wind, E.; tide, thfee hours' eb ; fresh and cloudy. Arriveel.-The Zephyr. from Engelholm-the Caroline, from Jnamaica-the Vi',ilant, from Gottenbur,-the Paris and London from Patri-the Ph-ntom. from Santander-the North Sta.r, from teglemode-anm the Frithiof, from ICrageroe, Sadied.-The Dolphin, for Antwverp-tho Alhambra, for the Cape of CGood Hope-the Vfow v-Martha, for Konigsberg-the Gezina and the Geertie. for St. Petereburg -and the Brunels, for Quebec. Sailed, April 23.-Thc Boaphorus, for Genoa. .EAT,, API 24. (BY SuEX r.N-r AND Bnr=r TExr,xAPn.g (From Lloyd's.) 9 a.m.-Wrmd, E.S.E.; moderate. Pa,sedl.-The Rob Roy, for Sydncy-the Bosphorns, for Genoe-the Blackwall (seipposed) from Melbourne for London, in tow early thihs morning. Anchored. -The Planter, from Tobago for London. Noon.-WVird. ES.E. ; light and fine. Passed.-The Paris and London, from Paris for London-the Genoa, for the westward-the Sarah Birlest, for Tobago, and theFlorence, for Trieste from Loodon. Sailed.-The Planter, forLondon. 2 p.m.-lWnd, E.S.E.; moderate. Passed. -The Golden Rule, for Bermuda-the Harriet L., for Constantinople, ard the 3ialvina, for Belfast from London. 7 30 p.m.-Wfind, EN.E.; light. Arrived and Passed.-The Mercutio, from the Mauritins-the Imo-I gen, from Algeoa Ba-the Jessie, from Charente-and the John, from, Cork, all for London-the Comet. from London for Madeir-the Abe Sannan, from Rtotterdam for Batavia-sand the Graf uan 2Nassau from Batavia for Axmterdamn. Passed, April 23.-The Velocity and the Maria Somes, from London for Sydney. Vressrea Sror? Wrrn. The Telqraph, for the westward, April 21, in lat. 49N. long. 25 Tho . Ronockor, for tle westward, April 21, in lat. S1N., long. 19 W. The Leander, Mrarch 10, in lat. 3NW., long. 20 W The Jalawpr, from London for Port Phllip, March 6, in lat. IN., Ion- 26 W Tre Hugemont, from London forBombay, Feb. 29, in lat. 3 N. long. 22 W. The Haltaistle, from Falmouth for Geelong, March 7, in lat. 3 N., Ic-22WV 2¶lre Conquest, from Jersey for life janclmo. in 1st, 4' N, long. The Harbinger, from the Mauritius for Lo,-on April19, in lat. dI N., long. 6 WV. _, Dlutch ship. 77 days from Liverpool, for New Yer.k, $pril 3, in lat. long.-1 68 "v' The. &dirnd, bound E., April 3. - WATER AT LOXDON4iRxGn THIS DAY. Mesalaci vi,r miafl 4JM4 g,, 5mlfter i aft
COUBT OF CO5MON COUNCIL.. - Yeserday a Court was held for the d' business. pb 'o publc THE GRAD SANV A' a tleln'n Dr mymd tinefet 'vit I' il-, the daily papers ha( benhiite ad a(sthatn -the C05)torntion of London ha enivte an a tededI 5he great naval review, he was desirous of lears'vng from 'the Lord Mayor whether such stae.ement was correct! Thb, LoRD MAYOR saidi kAt, although he was not responsiWl6 for what appeared ki the public press,. he could state that three dr four days ago- he received the following communication "-The Board of AlAmiralty have the honour to forward to the Lord lMayar and Sheriffs 18 tickets for Rer Majesty?s ship Pacific s WVednesday, the 23d inst., the day on which HerEMajestytlle Qa6en will review the fleet at Spithead. "The P4cific will embark her passengers at Portsmouth dockyard before 10 o'clock in the morning of the 23;d, and I holders of tickets will be expected to show themibefore they can be received on board. "Adumiralty, April 16. "Tickets not required are requested to be returned to the Admiralty." 3Ie (the Lord Mayor) had given four tickets to each o fthe Sheriffs, and the remaining eight to members of the corporation, without retaining one for himself. (Hear, hear.) Mr..DE JErsEY was delighted to find that the Government had recognized the corporation, and would therefora move "That the letter of invitation be. entered on the minutes of the Court." Mr. Deputy HoLT.-I have much pleasure in seconding the proposition. What the newspapers state is a correct report of what took place. I was at the review myself, and I there met four of the aldermen, one of the sheriffs, and three of the Common Councilmen. I therefore consider that the corporation was represented. (Laughter.) Mr. Deputy LOrT.-What did you represent, and whom ? Mr. DeputyfoLT.-The corporation. (Roars of laughter.) Aldernan 'WiRE hoped that the Court would not accede to the motion. The letter was not addressed to the corporation, but to the Lord Mayor and Sheriffi, and it contained no allusion to the corporation. He therefore moved " the previous queshon" as an amendment. Mr. Cox seconded the amendment. Mr. Deputy BovxEtP said it appeared to him that the letter had been sent to the Lord Mayor as head of the corporation, and that in all probability it would not have been sent to his Lordship' if lie had not happened to be Lord Mayor for the time being. It being a letter addressed to the Lord Mayor by the Government, and its having been read to the Court, were a sufficient reason for its being entered on the minutes. (Hear, bean.) Mfr. A?nm'acvOx.-And I would recommend your Lordship, whenever you receive an invitation from the Government, or from any public body, to let the Court know of it. (Hear, bear.) The amendment was negatived, and on the original motion being put that was negatived also amid considerable laughter. PROCLAISATION OF rEACr The Town-clerk read the following letter, addressed to himself by the Town-clerk of York -- "Town-clerk's-office, York, April 19. "Sir,-At the last meeting of the corporation of this city a committee was appointed to make such arraingements and givesuchdirectionsas might be deemed necessary to secure a due observance of all proper formalities and a proper display on the occasion of peace being proclaimed in the city of York. The counnittee have met, and are now engaged in taking the necessary steps, and I am directed to endeavour to learn what the corporation of London are likely to do when peace is proclainmed in that city, as their example will be much looked up to throughout the country. *May I, therefore, request that you will be so obliging as to inform me whether your corporation will meet to celebrate the event, and in what manner?9 If I am not correct in making this application to you, will you kindly place this letter in the hands of te proper officer, who will confer an obligation by furnishing me with the information 1 ' I have the honour to be, Sir, "Your obedient servant, "Tte HN-ny HIcAnDsox, Town-clerk, "To thocTown-clerk, London." Mr. Deputy HOLT moved, "' that a reference should be made to the Town-clerk to ascertain what was done by the corporation on the occasion of the proclamation of the last peace. (Cries of " No, no.") It was a matter which concerned the country at large. (" No, no.") There were many vho were ever ready to cavil and find fault with any course adopted by the houses <.f Parliament, but he trusted that the Court would be a party to illuminating the Mansionhouse and other public buildings in the city on the occasion of the proclamation of peace. (" Hear, hear," and No, no.") Mr. Deputy LoTr.-I trust that the Court will be exceedingly careful in what it does in this matter. The worthy deputy has endeavoured to take the command of the Court to-day, as he did of the fleet yesterday at Spithead, where he told us just now that he represented the corporation. (Much laughter.) Ihope he will not be able to carry the Court with him: It will be a very serious consideration with this Court whether there should be any rejoicngat all on the occasion to which he refers (hear, hear), whether it is not a matter of condolence and regret that the Government do notgive the 8,0001., if they have it to spare, to the wives and orphans of those who have fallen inthe recent struggle. I am very sorry that they should have vw-asted so much powder yesterday, and I deeply regret that the display at Spithead was neo made in real action. I hope we shall very seriously reffect before we do anything in the shape of rejoicing, but I think it will be proper to send a courteous reply to the letter of the Town-clerk of York. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Ross, in seconding the motion, said it was premature to go into the matter then and to decide the amount of credit or discredit that might attach to the Government for the course they had pursued and the results they had attained. It was a question with him whether the present peace-would not prove one of the most valuable that had ever been proclaimed in this country, but that was not the proper time to discuss the merits of the treaty which the Powers had entered into. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Cox moved, as an amendment, "That a courteous answer be sent to the letter of the Town-clerk of York, stating that no steps had been taken by the corporation in reference to the subject at present." Mr. BLAUE, in seconding the amendment, said he did not believe the Government in their proposed rejoicings carried the feelig of the public at all with them. (Hear hear.) He believed that any encouragement tlat the corporation gave in the shape of public rejoicings would only afford an opportunity of giving a saturnalia to thieves and pickpockets and the lowest refuse of society, while the mid'ic and respectable classes of society would have to defend their homes instead of being enabled to participate in any enjoyment that might be prepared for them. (Hear, hear.) The amendment was carried. The original motion was then negatived. ERECTION OF BATHS A-ND 'WASnaOsuSrS. Mr. Cox, in the absence of Mr. W. Williams, chairman of the Coal, Corn, and Finance Committee, brought up a report on the petition of the guardians of the West Loudon Union reconmmending the erection of baths and washhouses on a portion of the western side of Farringdon-market. He asked the Court " to agree w%ith the conmmittee in their report, and to refer it back- to that body to obtain an estimate of the expense of the proposed scheme." Mr. GRESHAU seconded the motion. Mr. SCAMMELL said the committee had not arrived at a hasty conclusion, and it was their unanimous wish that the rert should be adopted. (Hear, hear.) er. ABRAH.AM said he should be very glad indeed to accept any site for the establishment of baths and washhouses in the city, but was strongly impressed that the idea in question w>-as not an eligible one, i-f it was intended to erect only one set of baths and washhouses in the city. (Hear, hear.) MIr. Ross said there was not a neighbourhood in the entire metropolis-at any rate, on that side of the v;ater, where there was so much disease, suffering, and premature deatl, as was to be found within the limits of the West London Union; and that the establishment of baths and washhouses would tend very much to abate the evils complained of. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DE JE.sry said the question was whether the corporation ought to embark in a project for the establishment of baths and washhouses. (Hear, hear.) Many memiibers of the corporation were of opinion that it was not their duty to undertak'e the project, and more especially at the present period, in the face of a bill in the House of Commons which bad for its object the tbaking away of the funds of the corporation, and leaving theni to pay debts which they had incurred without the means of payment which they had calculated upon. (Hear, hear.) For the corporation to embark in a new undertaking which must necessarily involve them in an immense expense vwas an act of madness, and a course which no prudent man would think of taking. He therefore moved as an amendment the previous question. Mr. AxnDERwo, in seconding the amendment, said he was as strong an advocate for the erection of baths and wsshhouses as any other member of the Court, but the question was whether they ought to be erected at the expense of the corporation, and, If so, whetler the corporation was in a condition at the present time to do it. (Hear, hear. He held in his hand a statement of the expenditare they had incurred in the construction of the Metropolitan ;at-te-mark<et, which amounted to 4_2,7801., which liad not been provided for; and his friend Mr. Lowman Taylor, chairman of the Markets Improvement Committee, was about to ask the Court for a sum of 20,OOOl. more to complete that undertaking. (Hear, hear.) He should like to ask the Court, as sobes', sensible men, looking at their own accounts and at the accounts of the corporation, whether they were really at the present moment able to make provision for these payments, and to embark in a large expenditure for the establishment of baths and waslhouses? (Hear, hear.) Mr. Deputy LOTT said, although it was an unfortunate circuzmstance, it was nevertheless a fact that if ever any good or useful measure was enunciated in that Court reference was made to some act of gigantic extravagance going on in another quarter as a reason why they-had no funds at their disposal to add to the comforts of the poorer classes of their fellw-subjects. (Hear, hear.) He was strongly in favour of the originalmotion. mH a tg i v After some further discussion, in which Mr. BLAn, 3Mr. Deputy Ilo5vuM. s M Mr. BEsLEY. Mr. F RY, and Mr. Deputy HARRIsON took part, the amendment was put, and carried by a majority of 15. T HE rEnOPOLITA N CATTLE.ARKES . Mr. H. L TnYoRs, chairman of the Markets LIprovement Committee, brought up two reports; one relative to works and funds in connexion with the new Mletropolitan Cattle-market, and asking for authority to raise the sum of 20,0001. to complete the market; the other relative to the revenue account of the market, for authority to pay bills &-c., and for transferring the management of the market to the Markets Committee. r. hr. L. Taylor then said, that some two or three years ago the question was, whether the corporation should embark in the erection of a new market, and, after certain conferences with the Government of that day, and although they were entirely disinclined to embark in such an und eraAking. there was an understahnding with tbh then Co mmissione; of Works, Lord Sey mour, which ope . mtcd WIr llttrliPly Witha the WQporign Jn th@i Sgrteag t a very large outlav. Rd diepily regretted that, ulthcu h thecorporation had. ktpt faith with the Governmne*hld Government had not kept faith with the corptfAVIon. (Eear, hear.) They had been led to expect at the time that they undertook the erection' of 'the new Cattlemarket at Copenhagen-fields that the Government would keep faith with themni but since that time an entirely new light had been thrown upon the subject, for a bill had been introduced into Parliament which sought to deprive the corporation of *a revenue to which he might say they eonsidered 'themselves 'as justly entitled, and had as m bch right to astheyhad to any other property which they possessed, namely, the 4d. arising from the coal duty. (eliei, hear.) He could only say that if he hakl contemplatedfor a m6ment that the Gdvermnent would not carry out the understanding whiich was then entered into with Lord Seymour-if he had thought for a momeat that there would be any.attempt whatever to deprive the corporition of the revenue arising from the fourpenny duty; he. most assuredly would have advised the Coirt to have nothing whatever to do with the erection of the new Cattle-market, *hich had imposed upon them the payment of 18,0001. annually in the shape of interest upon the cost of outlay. {Hear, hear.) Mr. Taylor then proceeded to enumerate varioiLs particulars in connexion with the market, which he contended justified the report asking for the additional sum of 20,0001. to complete the works, and conclu'ded by moving that the report be received. Several amendments, to the effect that more ample details than the report contained--were required before the Court could arrive at a proper decision, were proposed and negatived, -md after considerable discussion the m,iotion was carried. -. The.Court adjourned.
THE RAILWAY DELAY ON THE DAY OF THE REVIEW. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMIES. Sir,-The real cause of the disappointrment of thousands yesterday was the break down of the engine of the 5 30 anm. down Southampton excursion train. The arrangements at the station appeared perfect, and some 800 or 900 people were packed into 20i carriages without confusion, leaving the station at half-past 5, as promised. From the time of starting it was apparent, however, that tiepower of the engine was wholly insufficient. A little beyond Kingstona coiplete standstill occurred, the passengers getting out and stro3lsUg dovn and about the en- ankment. The engine-driver (fortunately assisted and counselledby Sir Char3es Foi, 'who happened to be a passenger) succaeded in tinkering up the engine to take the train ou to a siding some few miles, when, after further delay, another engine came up, and took it on its JOurney. In the meantiume the accident to this train had completely stopped the line, and thus Queen, Lords, and Commons (to say nothing of the general public) vere put to the serious -inconveneieces and delays so vividly described in this mornings papers. While praising the general excellence of the South-Western Railway Comnpany's arrangements it should not be lost sight of that the wise and prudent course would have been to have an extra engine in readiness at each principal station; had there been one at Kingston not a quarter of an hour's delay need have occurred. As it was the train was nearly three hours in accomplishing somne 30 nmiles, and 'what was still worse, caused a proportionate delay to other Iwrite imperfectly from being nearly blinded by the dust and night air; for, although the advertisements stated the train would consist of "covered" carriages, it -was not thought necessary that these carriages should be "enclosed " hundreds of persons who in their innocence thought they should be protected from the night wind, as well as the dust, are therefore to-day conscious of the railway distinction betwveen " covered " and " enclosed.". I append my name and address, suhcribins emvself B. April 24.
THE REivmw OF 1814.-It is now 42 years snce Portsmouth has witnessed a parallel demonstration-paallel, at least, in many circumstances-to that over which he Qaeen has just presided. In 1814, at the close ot an rduous and exhausting war, a temporary and deceptive l eace for a time luled the Powers of Europe. Napoleon I. was considered as finallyoverthrown. Rejoicings echoed far and wide. The Enmperor of Russia' and the ICing of Prussa, then our great al les in the long struggle this country had undergone, landed sith the eite of Europe's voligarcs to congratulate the Regent. Fetes and enterthatg !ments, of almost unparalleled magnificence, were given on i all sides, ut the show of the day-the display whichno Iother State in the universe could then attempt-was, of icourse, a naval review. Ai that our dockyards could set afloat, after a naval war of years, was p ressed into the service for a day. The result was good, at least for that time; and some of the most powerful monarchs of Europe Xthought that the State which could turn out 1o small sail;of-the-line, with frigates and brigs to match, was one w.hich deserved admiration, and could enforce respect. The vessels manoeuvred on that occasion look well on paper. There was the Ville de Paris, 120 Inipregnable, 9S; Prince, 74; Norge, 74; St. Domingo, 74; Bedford, 74; Rodney, 74; Chatham, 74 - Tiger, 74 ; Queen, 74; Sceptre, 74 i Magnificent, 74; *ginont 74; MIontague, 74; and Stirhng Castle. Many of these were ! very old; allwerevery small, for the 74 of that day was inferior in size, strength, accommodation, and, above all, in weight of metal, to the 50-gun frigate of the present. lalf the fleet we have just enumerated carried only long 18's or 24-pounders as their maindeck guns, and 32-pounders were regarded by the majority of the service as monstrous and impracticable innovations. Bat even this muster of sinall sailing liners astounded Europe quite as much as the overpowering force annaceuvered on Wednesday in the presence of the Sovereign. Besides the Regent, the allied Sovereigns, and the RoyalDukes of Clarence, York. and Cambridge, there was the sister of theEmperor of Russia, the Crown Prince of Prussia (Frederick Williamu, the present King), the Duke of Wellington (his first appearance in Enaland since hs creation as duke), Baron Humboldt, Prince Potemkin, Marshal Blucher, General Bulow, and a host of others of less note, who stared to witness the assemblyof a fleet which mounted 1,874 guns and threw at one discharge only 16 tons of ietal ! CHARGE OF MuTmy AND MnnoRD .-On nixursday afternoon the packetship 'Underwriter airived from Liverpool, and nine of her crew were arrested on a charge of mutiny' at sea. Their names are Silas B. Phillips, Joseph Smith, James Reiley, John Richmond, Joseph Gilmore, Charles Lester, Michael Mahon, William Rich, and Heman Fisher. They were taken to the United States Marshal's office and committed to Eldridge-street Gaol for examination. They had been kept in irons for some time, and presented a sorry and moat emaciated and hegrimed spectacle. One would hardly credit that they wtere white men, so dirty and filthy was their appearance. Jpon being questioned as to the alleged mutinv with winch they wore charged, they p lead in extenuation that the first and third mates of the Underwriter had subjected them to most barbarous and inhuman treatment on their voyage from Liverpool. For the slightest offence they stated that they were unmercifully flogged; some of the crewv, they averred, were -whipped over the windlass, with the additional applicatioii of the cat-o'-nine-tails. Besides this they stated water was not given them to drink, while four dogs belonging to the third mate received an unlimited supply. One of the crew, they charged, was so severely beaten that he died froni the effects of the injuries he received. Upon these statements, combined with the bruises and lash-cuts which they showed upon their bodies,warrants of arrest were issued yesterday against William Welch, the first mate, and Thomas Keel, the third mate. The charge made against the formerwas brutalchastisement and general cruelty. The latter was chared with the murder of one of the crew, named Johnson. These persons were arrested j ou board the IUnderwriter, and committed to Eldridge-street Egaol for examination. The case and counter-cbarges wsill be E examdned into in the early part of next week before CommnissionerMorton.-Nc-2 Yo2r Herald, April12. ExNGRAVNaG BYLIGHT AND ELECT'rcITy.-On Wednesday night, atthe meeting of the Society of Arts, at which Mr. Itoger Fenton presided, Herr Pretsch, late manager of the Imperial Printing-office at Vienna, read an interestinz iaper on what he calls photo-galvanography, or engraving ylight and electricity, which he has brought to a degree of perfection that invests the subject with considerable importance in a social as well as an artistic point of view. He states that he had formany years been engaged in renderin' the discoveries and results of science applicable to several graphic processes and to printing pm-poses. Soon after the introduction of photography he felt its importance in reproducing and imitating most of the productions of natlre and art, and he conceived the idea of producing by meaus of photography a plate frona which impressions maight be taken with common printers' ink. Many learned and scientific investigators throughout Europe were equall±r impressed with the importance of such a result, and had sought to attain it, including Dr. Berres, in Vienna; Mr. W. R. Grove, in London; AL Fizeau, in Paris; Mr. Fox Talbot, and several others. IL Fizeau, in trying to solve the problem, etched his daguerreotype plates by covering them vwith a mixture of nitric acid an nitrate of potass and chioride of sodium. He repeated the process several times, cleaninig his plate each time with caustic ammonia. The faintly-etched lines were afterwards filled with printers' ink, capable of rapidly drying; the whole surface of the plate was then gilt, the dried ink removed, and the plate etched with nitric acid. Most of those investigators had used daguerreotypes upon silvered copper or real silver plates, and were all struck wvith the minuteness and beauty of the details, but they complained of the faintness of the etched parts, and confessed that no printers' ink couid enable them to reproduce the beauty of all- the parts visible upon the plate. In the process which N. Pietsch uses the method of etching is abandoned, the fundamental principle being the possibility of producing photographically on the material used a printing suriace of relievo and intaglio parts, instead of a mere picture made up of lights andshades, and in this process the picture appears at once. in all its depths, tints, half-tinlts and hiearoscuro. His invention, in fact, consists in adapting :he photographic process to the purpose of obtaining a 3aised or asunk design on a glass or other suitable plate, covered witl glutinous substances, mixed with photographic iaterials, which design can then be copied by the electro'ype process, so as to procure plates sustable for printing uerposes. M. Pretsch exhibited several beautiful specimens i f his art, wanich were greatly admired. A short conversa-ion ensued, in which Mr. Moreland, NX Claudet, AL Han. lard, IL Pretsch, and the chairman took part, anda vote of hanks was accorded to xL Pretsch for hisinteresting paper. THES NATrONAL GArse.-A bill has been brought in by Mr. Wilson and the Chancellor of tllc Ex:hequer to extend the powers of the trustees and directors <f the National Galery, and to authorize the sale of works ef art belonging to the pubHc. It authorizes the said trustee3 and directors to order the sale, from time to time, of any pictures and works of art under their care " which they may adjudge to be unfit to be preserved as part of the national collection." Pictures and works of art given or bequeathed to the nation will (unless the donor or testator make other proisii)n be vested jn the trustees of the National Gallery.
MAJXrAGE WITH A DECZXSED WIF.E'S SrSSrZzP 1 rI v 1 TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIIIES. Sir,-TLecomxnittee of the 3zage .w ReformAmoSiation are desiros of again 4a11ing- the *ttention of the British public to the following facts, opinion4,and natior,nl testimomes, tending to rove the Scriptural lwfulness -of znasriise w;ith a decease df Eifets and te eoiisequent desirab'leness of again affordinglegal vaiditeto such mar riges in Engbnd and lreIad, mn ahoordance, wlith the lawr a prctic ofbthler Chisieiounitries. ~ - I have the-honour tn hi S9ir vror nhpA1pirt snrent. JOSEPR Sa,ANTWWY MA,3Hon.Zm ztl, rarJialient-street, April 25, I85. ~ "It seem to be establhishd d idiAmted,thattheymoral feelbng .g the communit-y at-large is not with this law-that the law. -in fact, is not obeYed, andi that a great nutmber of persons, not considering themselves to commit- any moral ofreace, do contract marriages which the lawproibis.Tha isnota tat ofthigswhih oghttoexist; and Lot forrithe withoa."d-Seeeh woil dstlnerto isnothre prehbited inth e0rc words of Scripture, and the Jews nerto their law as pier- msttmnz it. ~ ~ ~ ~ ndertoo IL''eJewish interpretition of thei Levitical -prohibitions was never condemned by our S.tviour. though their errors onL divorceand other ma-trimonial subjects were, so remar~kabily denounced byi him. ILL There is niothing in the New Testament to iuthorizeL an eXtension of the Levitical prohibitions IV. M~Narriage withL deceasLediwife's sster isnot knowutoihave been prohibitedI in aLny age or- nation before thd fourhcu o h V. The mnarriage of Priests habeeni coidemned', or prolibited, by the same Ec-le.iastiea authoritiem over a wider space, and during a longer period. than the marriage with a deoeased-wlfe'p sister. I - IVI. In all Christian- countries,; the ancient aiestrictiona..upon this macrtage bare graduallybeenrelaxed,and in most entirely removed, in moderntimies. , - VIL. ThIs maxrriage nmy-be ceiebrated,'by dispensation or otherwise. in evry couintry. in the world, except Bujglandand~lrelamd. ad the Cre Chlurch in Rwussa VII hsmarriage is permitted among.700,tOOOOO f the human race.-- IX In no corn'trjy has it been proved that the permission of-this miarriage has been attended with injurious cons~equences. X. ThouLsandIs of such marriages have been conatracted in thin country. They are foumidin almobt'eves4town audneighbourhood'in the kiuidom. ~ieuii XIhNumierous clergymen of the Church 'of rgadicldi3 nearly405 otf thu-eresidentin the metroipolis,have petitiooied for the rmvlothsrestraction. XIL More than 250 clergunen of the Chuirch in Ireland have expresei aensieio tht hesmariaesougt o b madelawfol. RIILProesrct issnter reardtheperissOn f this marriage XIV.TimeReasn caholc Chselidoebnotregard thlis marriaget as XV. Th Gree Chhrcpermic thesn ~getoDChriatianISOf other OPINONS. Buat it has v.everorcurred to you,-moydearWynn, that thin law is an abominable relio of erciesiastial tyranny I Of all seoond maurriages~, I, have no hesitation in saying- that these are the meet suiitable, and. likely to be the maost frequent. if the law didnot sometimes prevent thetm. It ie quiite mner.tro'is, judges- and lawyers speaking as they have done of late, upon the subject.`-Bo~bert Southey. "All and every euchi marriage uithin this Church of England as shall be contracted betwveen lawful persons (as by this Act we deelare all personsteD be lawfiul that be not prohiblited by God's laiw to marry) shall be~ lafoL. good. just, and iudireoluble," &c.-39 Henry VIIL.. c. 38. "Cenituries of nmitake as to thevTalidity of the marriages in question will notrenjder themin i...rJustice Erle. inlS1M - "The Prohibition of taking two sisters was neutatfor the lifetimieonly."-ilIMton. There persons alone (of 3relatives by affinity) )IaS Go forbil dden to me: thue wife of my uncle, my son's wife, miy brother's wife, my wife's dauighter, the children of my wife's, son or daughter, the sister od my, wife, while my wife is3 liviug. With none of. thes can I contract matrimoniy, with the rest I. may, evea without paLying maoney for a' dispensation; cc with thesisterof-myespoused or married wife, when, the latter has departed this life, with the daughter of the brother of my wife, with the daug,hter of the uncle of maywife, and with any othier of my wife's cousins, nieces;, or relatives.'~-Luther. Th e union of husband and wife is of divine right. which is binding, however contr.ary it may be to) human laws, and the laws of ume ought to yield to it without reserve. Nor if: ua n leaves father and mother to cleave to hisewife, bow much rather slmU he tramaple undler fnootthe contemptible and unjust laws of men, and cleave. to his wivie;? And 'Pope, bishop, or officer, if he dissolve any nmarriagie contracted in. opposition, to) merely-husuan law, is Antichrist, a violator of nature. ai traitor against the Divine Majesty; for that. sentence still stands* What Godh.mth jeined,-let notiman put asnder.' rerish, therefore,~ tIose cursed traditions of mnen, which have.been brouglit in only -to mulipy dngrs,ofenes,aninieres n-heChurch."-Lut-her.- Inhrlfe im,' ecuswbe sewa dadhenmightmarcyher "'Inherlif tie,'Thi suficenty idictestha hepermitted it "The stuclentto nla permittedl the aiiarritge of two sistere in "Thoou shat not mar iesisters at the caine time, as Jacob said Racbel and Leash,u th reiothing in thes law that rendered it1 moeral to mnarry a sister-la-law when her sister was dead.-Dr. Adama Clar-ke. - * " Though it is certain-that the case of miarriage between brother and sister-ia-lawr came before our S-aviour (Matthew xxiL, 241), yet we do not faud th at He Ftp ak e o ne wordi agbai nst it.' -Fry. "No mnan has. exammned this subject more diligently than Fry, the author of a IFamphlot which you justly commend, and you see myo,pinion perfectly coincide~s withbhis."-Sir WilliamnJones. "I have readl over the 18th chapter of Leviticus in Hebirewe, with a view to discover thetrue meaning of thevordswhich ynu desire me to interpret: mmdlIhave examinedall the pas&:tges thatlIcould idd,in the historical and prophetical paris~ of Scripture, in which the same exrsin ocrs. The phiraseofl'uncovering themnakedness'is literalytrnslated teem the Hebrew. it is surprising that the chapter before us should ever have been taken for the law of marriage, since it is apparent that eli the laws containied in that chapter relate only to the imipure lusts and obseene rites of theEgyptlans andl Carianiter,'to the abominable customs and ordinances a-s they are called, or the -idolatrous nations, who were extirpated by the chosen peoplie. These doings are enumerated wiith-a special law aainst eah of thenm: and, lastly, t-he general commandis-rc ured-.- Dedile not yourselves; inthese things, form2 alt thesetbings are the nations defiled -hilch I cast out before you.-"-Sir Willamn Jones. "You are at liberty to refer to me as approving of the abolition of the restriction on marriae to which yen allude."-Arclhblshop Whately- "He did ot regard theymeasure as infringno direct srpua command or precept. He could not bringL hiself to understand even the passages fromr theOld Testamcent whic hadcomne under discussion that night as prohibiting the marriage of a man withi his deceased wife's sister. "At the same time, Iadmit that the exis,tinglaw does Ero unifairly upon some portions af the' community. It dioe& seem ~ad. and savours of religions intolerance, that we should put an inter~Pretatico n n-the moral lair of the Jews contrary to theirs, and compel them to abide by it. If the nob3le earl (St. Germain-) had based-mis measure an the broad principle- of religious toleration-if ha had claimned exemption for the Jews, or for any other body of reliZionists besidles theu, wche-may complain-of theses-laws as contrary to their redieous teniets-I sheuld mot have been indispOE-ed tosupport the BELi -Bishop of Xnrnich'.s Spedcb, 185-1.- The view which we had heardltakeen in that House resPedting the nperation of -Scripture mnust, after all be- a- mere matter of inference and construction: -and Applying himsel to that view of the stubject, he should say that such marmages as the Bill was intendled to legalise were not prohibited, but were tacitlyper-mitted by the wordsi of the chapter chhich had been so often quoted. Ile protested naqabst the opinions expres-sed by three who contended that there'existed sany Divine Drohibition."-'Bisbep of St. David's Spoeeh, 155.L "'The petition-was probably entrusted to me In consequence of myV having declared, withouit hesitation. that them%rriage ofa fsitter of a deceased wife was not prohibited by the L.evitical law."--The late Bfishop of LlandWaff,- ~ "So far asthe pooraro concernal believe thut aialt,eration in the ~resnt aw s muh t bedesied"TheHoIL and Itight Rev, the "I mariage wth a ife's isteris not forbidden in Levi- "Suchmarrages 1 bpmeend, aye nearly as frequent as the cr cusacswich usuali give rize to themn.I have known seveu cases and they creted nio surprise, nor di& theyrete any cenurTe from public opinion. I have not k-nown uny- soildsadvantages att,ending such marriages."-Itight 11ev BishopM'IIsn-,Atne,Ohio, United Statesm Inns net one of thos,e wbh bold that such mnarriages are forbidden by Scripture. They are permitt-ed by thelaws of Pennylvania. SeversI have occurred within the sphiere of my acquatmitancec: and Ilam not awrare that any special disadvantages, social or 'omestc. liave r-esulted from them."-Rtight Rev. Bishop Potter. Pennsylvania, United States. " Bishop Moore. the Predecessor of Bishop Hiobcrt. was distinguishied as rubrical and canonicalh and. I may sa,ceIlV evangeljica- yet this species of marriage maet bin fuU san3ctaion'; nnoertdid I ever hearone word of disapprobation, exgpr,esusin regard to this matrimnonial-connexion.'-Rev. Dr. Bairry, New Jersey, United States. "My opinion is certainly in favouroefthe relaxation of thelaw prohibiting the muarriage of a widLower tohis late wife's sister.-Chaucellor Mlartin, of the Diocese of Exeter. " I have no doibt th at acerdirngt-o Leviticus xvii,,.SS (Hebrew anid English). marriage with a deceased wife's sister is permittedY'-Rev. Dr. m'cauI. Prebeudary of St. Paul's, and Priofessor of Divinity, King's College.- - " Are youiof opinion that there in any prohibition in Scripture azainst such marriages I"No:1' IRamquitesatisfied of the contrsryY--Evidcnce of Rev. J. Garbett, Hon. Canon ofIWorcester. "From cai I have been able to learn on the question, ' whetli'er a mama may mnarry a deceased wife's sis-ter.', may, opinion is, that neither does Holy Scripture anywhrem forbid it, nor ever did the Jecws."-Bev. Dr. lists Professor) Lee.- "Heask-ed theinto3rediectthattliepiartingrTequeseof manyawrdying wife was, that the man should marry huer sister, whichi was the best testimony to the feeling of woman in this mnatter. Suich marrisges 'were not repugnant to nature nor to Scripture;, and, if they didhbut look calmly at these facts, su[re he was that the day iacs not far distant when the obhnoxious law would be repealed. -Speech of the Rev. J. C. Mfiller, Hon. Canon of Worcester. Surrogate, kc. " I cannot percelve that it is forbidlden inL the WardI of God ; on th e contrary, the limitation of, Leviticus xviii 18, seemxs to mne to br a sanctioning toDmarry asister oftawife whendeceasRed. lam decidedy of opinion that the present law, while it may pam-tially, and very par tially. affect the bpbmts of society amon the upper classes. will remove abarrier to mevi owhich now existfs, huit which I1a0 not believe Gad evrer set up. ItMwAp"revent muchi immorality among the poor, relieve many a burdened conscience, and tend -to theicas ofhappies amongst large numbe-rs of our fellow-eountrynen.1-Hon and ight Rev. IL. Montagu Villiers Ilisop of Carlisle. " Ispeak advisedly when IsRay thatl come heme prepared to oSermy opinion that thieologically it is; correet that such marriages should take p ace, and Isrec no grotund whatsoever on account of which such marriages may not he legalized,"-Evideuce of Rev. J. Hatcbird, Vicar-of St.. dadrew. Plymouth.- "It think it a gre-at evil to insist upon a rule in which no sacred prin.- ciple is involved, and which isfound to be at variance with the feelings of large clasL-es of the community."-Rer. Mrx. Staiuforth. "Thlethreeopoints upon which the petition was especially grounded were these-first, that such mairage was not forbidden by the Wor,l of God: second, that there was no consanguinity emrblood-relationshi5p existing betlween the part.ies ; and third, that such a maIrriage Was wholly unobjectionableono mnorlcomisiderations."-Speech of Rer.J. E. Owen. St. John's Chapel, Bedford-row.- " I believe such marriages, as yenu wish to make lawful are already lawful,l according to the letter and spirit of Holy Scripture ; and 1 hope thiecivil.and eeclema.sticailaw wilispeedil bermade conformable to the Divine."~-Rov. F. Close, Incumbent of Chteitebami. " My opiaion of the law has long been, that it is inipolitic restrlrtion."~-Archdeacon of Derby. " It appears to me, tberefore,that first, as Scripture shows that there is nothin immrali sm uch a connexion, and secondly, as it is obvious that muchlemviml owould be prevented-maniy poor chilldren saved from misery andI rein, by having that person over t-hem who, in a majorityof instances, would be the next best substitute for a mother-my own 'mind is led to believe th,ttthe lawof man oughttotally in this respect with the law of God.` -Rev. Canon Champney's. " Has never had occasion to observe, either in t-he middlingor pozirer classes4, any injury or immnorality arising from such marriazes ; never admonishedL any of three parties' that they were acting in- breach of the Divine law, because never believed it. The great inducement to these marriage is, thaLt the parties have a better opportunity than is genraly aforedof ein acuante wih echother's real character anddisasiio."-vidnceofRev 3.P.Denham. 3LA., F.R.&., "Mot hartly el is ye suces. Icanotbelieve, as has been somtims sid i-at t s uscrpe-altha aman rhboula marzy his wifes sster Th la of an cs mde t s n;bt you cannot ml'ke thepoo mn blive,tha te lw f Gd des"-Bv.Mr. Drum- "In verse IS. the Prohibition is only against marrying the wife's sister during the lifetime of the first-wife, which of itself implies the liberty to many her sister after her death,"-Rev. Dr. Chalmers. " Is the marriage of a widower with bislatewife'ssistcrwitbin the 'prs3hibiieddogreex? InalifrankorssandimooestylIam o'bliged to an. swer-*pn . It isinterdieted netiher by expresaveto nor yet by impication. Canonical austerity is not tobeidentiiledvithmoralpurityor -matrimonial fidelity7-BRey Dr. Eadie,GlaWgow. - - "Without pursuing the slbject further. I Ehall give it aemy Opinion that the marriage in queseon is not against either natWre or the law of God."-Bev. Thomas Binney. "That the enactents -of the Levitical law areentirelyinisinterpreted, when applied in condemnation of marriage with a deceased wRife's sister, was the dedded judgment of Mr. Wesley, the founder of our Societies: and Ibelieve that similar views hare sinebeen entertained bymanyof those among us wiohavobeen ledhy circumstances carefully to examInethe matter, and whose competency to judge of such a uestion has given great weightto their conclusion."-lteyv.Dr. Bunting, formerly President of theWesleyan Onference. " The prohibitions of such mcarriages is, in my judgment, sanctioned neitherlyScripture, nor by physiology, nor byeexpediency.t-Rev. H Renton, Selso, Scotand. "tThere wasno prohibition of the wife' sister, exoept duringthelifetime of the wife."-Bev. P'rofesor Robinson, NewYork. "It is much to be wisbed, that the wisdom of the Legislature would interpose for the satisfactson of the subject, ard that thmebishopa of whoseliDeralsentiments upontmematter bIhave no done,b wouIdpromote a measure, which s it will contnbute to thehappies and seen. rity of many individuasl, so will not fall to relect an honour on the Charch aswell as the StateY-Bev.Dr. Stermett, 1775. " Are marri*ge of this description considered in Germany to lie- at all oatrab ornos mores 1 "Notatall, 8OfaifroM their being OMcrsbdeat l in I&YOUr C Sfuchll Wrm9ft.".... "It frequently happens that. a widower snaariesbhilsdeomeaed wife's zlster -out- of a ploos and affec' tituate feeling for bilssdeparted wtfek asd the feeling of the womenizot Geinanyase sdoatrsi ndvurof schrmarra bthat itoften ocw-.s That the lRAs Tasting rQeqlAt by a wife ci her%=ed55wmband isto m&=ryIer sister in case he should feel indnedtoma *.a5n Tn'isanaeapartlfrom afectitolos' berumiv husband1 nuexnm;. uTfuyrot -f4f o leer ad- Tenyfr you aware ofayevilcuaiiequenoegfrcsn the celebratimon zofacclags of thiidscdptionl"-easewbatever. I h3xeqspkenwith sveral of' my liends,w~4id1hare written to ameneotbemas,akingthemnvbctheathey are awarethtthispowereof dispensation is tbecause ofany3not-Utaiyin-lamiliMs and their answer is 2 n haee.-I inta all awar of an.-REid eneloCA. Bubh, E "1-hxseneverhearduporiw1it en le.~l elw ac angtheadgteoifrrmaoflmwItthlrswife'ssaiger, nor haeIveLey ab'' t Dodecm-04MYP01tiCl imayDieoethat might bavs& benfon in suc mardgs.or to oonceive 0r atiy morai turpitude ira Withn te manig o Loitiis.andthecon taut pradctic of the- perhpaiakut nt esil nuted ho th Loitialdegrees are God,'t lawntaiskigdm, utoso m te~'wee i te oDgnmoweaith of marryher sister;and thiisis extremelA natral dorhs new faomoetg becomes themot or ofber sse' hlrn n o ee tp "'.othhiinis maore commo n sitsSinost all the ats Aeha second marriages of this sort ; and, no far fromibigdntla e their moral tendenicy, -they Mre among us emdh e?be ou of noarriages. In my whole life. I never heardthslhtt ngttr against themi, founded. on mrioral or doincticonsdrtor...h JusticeStory.. The very itrongestreaso for engaging in a secnd marriag con.- tract is. frmluently, to provide a suitable femekle bead for atAmily of Small children.' in such cases, who is xo like.1yto exercise the regeistft imaternal care and affection as thesister of a deceased mother? b Prohibit aanaarrisge under suchcircuastanoeeseemisto meauinma,' -Ron. Judge Mason, U.S. I 3 believe all restrictions upeon the nu,ptia union. uileasfoundad UPOn the lali of nature, or1be- exPrem authority of Scripture, ounwiga andt unjust: inl ireitber of which sourcee bave I found this interdict of mrarriage'with the sister aLa deoeased wife,".-Jolun Quincy Adamns5 late President of the United Sitates. "As far'asIl can juge, donoitbelieTeone5yll5b1Ooftheuraawfulniess of thi- mariage undertheChristian dispcasationZY-ChancllOC Rent, 7New Yor-. " I have Perused, with much pleAasue your letters on the manargge of a maxn with the sister of-a deceased i-ife, which not only confirui mne in the opinion whicha I had long entertained. but inust jnethiuks. satisfy eyery candid wid, that there igsnot even a pretencef tor thas. assertion that sucha acr dooe is prohibited by the law of God."-.. Jndg Livngstn, nited States. "t is notonuly not considered as prolabited, hut it is distinctly understood to be permitted; And on thispoiut, neither the divine law, nor theltabbis, nor historical Jud2isn. leaves roo= for the lest doubt., *'lu all the coannries of civilized Europoe, where the law of the land. offers no impedriment, marriages of widowers with their decessecr w15'ee Srsters TMr frequently take place. From the experience -which Imnyvelf have had duriug the 20 5ears that I heladthe offie of Chief Rabbi, iu Oidenburg and Hanover, jean affirm that the marrilages in Question. vere freq qent.-and tlh.tthey have abmost invariably proved happy. Es-em here."in England, prior to the passing oftche-M4arriagei Actrof the 5thanif 6th Will.Iv., suchmnoarriesrreqnently occurred, -Evidence Of Dr. Adler, theo Chief Babbi of theJews in tho 3ritisb Emnpire.- "If the -Act has notoriously failed. in its opertion; if thewt mairriagea.- though discountenanced by the LeZislature, have becoDe more numerouw, not only among the lowver cl-asses, a lar-fe proportion. of whoin-mustorver remain ignomant of the extstenoe o1 t his and einrilarinterference bvlAwwith freedom,but armogthecultiyated,the thoulghtfoil, the coasci"tious, the exeuatlary. if the stgigma set by the law is notL sttnmped by thelmuublie opinitn; if tne offeniderare as well received as before, and are even respected for acting on a just view of Scriptural texts, Perverted by erroneous interpretation; irs snb case it Wil sarel7 be mOrepolltic toD3ma,ethe law conistent withreason, than to perseTere itafrnitlCssendeavourto bend reason to arbitratry law. twvex andpersecuce wheirewe cannot present,to 'curse whomi the Lrd han not cursed, and defy whom Heloas not defied,' "-The late Lord ChieL Justice Denuman "The petition from the ctty of TLondonn in favrour of this ma rriz, was signed-byalirge numbjer of persos, and aLmong others, rby h Lord?iMayor. the Governor and Deputy-Governor of Vie Bank of Engl2and. and a considerable nuimber of the Dire-ctorsof thatesftablishment, by 59Pdriate bank,ers, 1w the ehaamberlan of the city of London, by 237 merchants. 146 sHdo'.clrs 124 barristere and Li physicians, it was. his oodforunetab acqained itha lrgenumber of the persons. whosiged hi peitin aabe oud sy femhiskInowledge of their~hasctrs,tha teiroianioawro ntiledtothe greatest weighit aud, "He eclred mos coasreotiusl, b coldud no prohibition of thismariag intheHolyScrpt sa.-Spechof rsight Ifon. Stuart~ "I ,hsllendevou to how hatthe arrigesit is zought to legallsoe ot fobde yte Wordof God; that teornotcintraa'to, the law of ntr dthattheyare not incnitntlttejtrs Of scnciety.'L.Spee, fEar. St. Germans - " He wasLincerel tior e to the oIject of the3Itarriage6elL,-.. Speeches the Ealo lehruh "In 1835 a most i Potn-saueIas asdl by that Housevunder somewhat peculiar circmtne,ad might also ray, of lassie and. want of dne deliberation, materially ffdiRrportio of themnarriag laInWof this country. Inuthis case thevse of caven was silent, andi that ofmranhad t.een gircn with aheritattn and confusion of utter2ince that depdried it of its due autliority."l-Speecb of Lord Fr~ancis: EFgerton (now F,arl of Elleennere). inthneHoiise of Commons. 1I42. - -Those- Vwbb call thaemselves the friends of civil and religious libesty, ot4ht to stpulorta measurethit sougbtto getid oflone of lbinoemo serous interferer,ceg with social liberty that existed underthe Englita law&Y-Speeea of Viscount Erackley. -Seeing; that it wa not against the law of Ges-1-seceng the grelt socRIa evil 'wiichfarose from thdxestriction, and believing thaLt there was no comparison between the social advantagesand the social dis2dv~Outagesarisingfromthis caneS.be shouldgive the measure his: sdaeerfulnscent".1-Speech of EarlotArnudelanuiSurreiy. "Socially spealrinpgjf a cas vwm made out that 'moralitY would been1dangered by the EiAl that would be,nareason for reSectiugi;it ; but. hehatd not heard atesta.blisbedtbAtsachrsdanger could arise, Marriage being acivil rite, thecy were bound to mace that civil rite co-extensivewith thefeeltingsof thecnuiltry. He iar], therefore, comneto the con.- elusion that it whair,is duty togsupport the second reiadingof theJill]." -'SPeech of Right Rfon. Sidney Herbert, ALP., 1850. "I'lhave known probably Feveral scores of suich marriages I have COUniteda dmreaevitbintbelastbtree or four minutes, Xontetofithese dozenbelong'tothelhighestciassof sciety. One of them is adoctorof divinity. - Several of them are ministers of the gospel. One is&a member of Congress. Ambrose SPencer, the eminent chief justice of this staRte, died a few yeas.s ago. He married two sister of De Witth Clilnton.'the distinuiushed governor of this state. The Pxrsby5~ia Church of tlisvillgehbas prohably notmnore than'iio memnbers Two (fthe.Se1oa1TiOdd1W Of their wivesy1-Gerrit Smnith, Esq., of the'United States. Irs'he imeof ensVill. tougChrstedomwas then mnuch divided them as inmst a gneral cnsent pon ths propsition tha6t l7aiosl Tstionis fomtheCivl, cclsiatial, dAcademnical Autortisofvaios FregnCoutresinwhc this.*darriageei Peruttb, nt il wthot njry.bu wthmotldesirable Con- "Fro varousGramd Duchy of Saxe-CoDburg. hr aebcm cl)1Tr ousonsiderations, marriagesbeebvbco! very ommaon. So far are suchmnarriages from beingocontrary topoblicopinion, that people are, on the contrary, inclined To consiAder themn beth natural and desirable. We expres our conviction there thesre Ouight to exist perfect llberty between widowers and the sisters of theirlate wires t-o contrast Euch miarriage:t-Grand Thuchy of Saxe-Coburg, 21inistryin CounciL. opinon n te costr ofWei Arand in the uhole ofThuin6a. egads us a arrageaauebictonable, and only aims. at aobaingthenecesitferskigpeMison In aea individujycas, ad o teinredcton f prfct ibetyin sucsh matters, That thesae iaye otanednEgisid th lnd f ibetyand of order University of the Grand Duchy ofereimeir - - Grsand Dcby of Oldcaburg. "Theold aw rohiitedthemarrage iththe sister of a fleceased ife exeptby dipenstio, wichwaseasily '~ted. The Laiw, hoevr.no i oertin,o te thMach 130 dcares such marriaes s vlidwihou dipenaton.Suc mariges arelcquent, cand pubicopnio tornghy ppovethm ano one canseethe reasonablnes ofthefenerpohiitin. lacng hewife's sister in the same catgoy o te wnsiter"-enietryofthGrad Duchy of Olden.- Grand-Dridry of Saxe Weimar. "The highest ecclesiastical authorities here applove such Marri2gOwithout reslerve. Thieyarefrequent~-are almo.st atsr.ays hap)y ones- and, as far as our knowledgeextends. by no meanus disadvantageous todomestic life. As far as nown to Us, such marriages doa not appear in anYwaY improper, but are natural, and.in manyc=%css,evn necs. sary. for the weli-being of a fandly."-Council for Eclesiastical Attairs, Grand Duchy of SaxeWelmar. "It cannot be Brandenburg. Itcno eshown that marriages between a man and the sis-ter Of.his deceased wife. which in thestcralmssP'rassial are norz infrequen-t nor contrary to public opinon, have produced dissdvanta8econs consequences for domes,tic life."t-Tk.leeI'esidsnt of His hfaijestysConsistozy for the Ptovince'of Branidenburg.- "Pulicpinonin ur outryis ntiel Infavurof such marriags, nd hen,ver laely,thi sujectundrwet discussion in bot ou Cambrs al ou sx dgntares f he roestntEvaugedical "Genraly, hiefy aongthe rotstats,such marriages arsTcon-- sidredasver deirbleandprduciveofmuch good to s"cety. Iti is houht hattheonl caton~rhre uchmarriages are proihibted willnotbe ongbefre rodfyjg tat aw.As to our population. it canbe ffims- tht he rohbiton f schmarriages no longer has "These nsi-riages -were former' y permsitted only by di qpensatioin but by it lawi of 1832 for the Ev-augelical Lutheran Chnureci of Russia, they are perfectly fres to parties contracting thersi. Such marriages are indeed frequent, rarticularly among the srral population, where mnembers of famili,aesenmore thrwin tog-eter. Itinsmorethan meresuPPOsition that suchi mariares are happy oner, Experence has riot ,shownant'evilConse,quen,ces to domestic life frenisuc marriages: at 'least.. suc have not become ]mown. Puablic opinion in this country ismnoreforthaaainsi t suchma e.~Iu lUrldversity of Dorpat, Russia. GrandDuchyof Mecklcnburg-Strelltz. "PublicoPinicon, which feels no scrules of any kindlas to suchbnar. liages.approves of them most partimiarly where there areyoung chitdrco Of a first mairriage, as giving them in tire sister of their late mnother, at'seconrd loving amotirer. -The pemusmenf sc arae has. with us, been prodoctive in.noway or evlconseqnunces."-Consis.- tDcrYCortof th Grand Dchy of MecklenburK'Strelitz l'fa-rrfagewish.a deceased wit's siste,r isnot known to have been prohibited lirfany age or country before the fourthlenutumy of the Christian. era, at which period the chuirches bad widely departed from the simplicity of earlier timres. The nmot exAggerAted notions were entertaindm-epecing arrage nd elibcy,and,tuluencedhIT the doc-- tra oftheascticll.ssi, ishp o l~wCmsara, he rek Uhuiech. Witou scipura -arrnt prhiitd marage o. cneuguniy,of Great Eritain.:is the only country In the worid inwhich Fnch m,nr' niages are tot:lIy pmhibited to persOnS of all religious denominatiows Thunerous other testimonks might be adduoed fron almost every country in the world, affording conclsive evidence that the judgment of all civilized ana Christian nations is favourable to the free permission of this marriage. _ Founj DEOWSED.-On Taesday night the bod of a man nnknown wag picked up in the Crogby Channez near LiverpooL !L'wo letters were found in his poclie; ritten in a femnale hand, and signed "M . A. Padden," or ' Pndden," of London;* from wbich it appeared that the deceased had committed suicide from disappointed affection,
WXY DDING - ORDERS and: INDIA OUTFITS EXCUflD,Inth tas 3~d o fshON,.aThe whAoleof "fSANDI ox LIShe n BARISAO~-lEGESwholw0 SELLING, a itmse',e STLOCK of FRENCH SflJLIiS asad MIIEGUBS. at balf the original cost. commencing at 41d. oar yard Patter=s seat. Pos5t free.-dsAXER aud CRISP, 221. Re&t.5t1.t IE LLIOTs IRISH POPLIN WAREHOWA3E 54, ,T. Jnfai-strezt: patronise,d bv the Rtoyal Faly -Th holeS'g:OCII of the above well-known establishment to be SOLD OF"F at a re luiced puce. in c.'lacquence at the prropretrea' rtirinig 1roni busiresos. R (YAL COUIfT TRA13\ -n xoitOto fLaUiagnificent COURT TRAINS, aud EUGESI BSdsn t Vpeset w7eek, at -h ILLIAIS aind CO.'. patntee fteR Ttissue d erre. 60. 61. ao,l 62, Oxfonl,t.sat, aud 3. 4. anid S. WlS-t. IL~EAJ PAISHi MANTILLAS.-A. BLACK- BOSbg oi,form the uobility and gentry that he has re- Cene 5.conignentof the above 3EANTILLA;S, now Eso pe.erally usedforeveingcosume onaccount of its elegant aud gracefli form. -lip mnis depOt, iA. SouthAudley-street, CGrosVCUor-SIUare. JTRS. GRIMWVOOD begs to annountce to ladies that IT. oshe ha-a near llthsnewestECari:sian fAsdons in- ILLIN-ERY for-toe prosentwsason, and Y;ii have her eboisr'0003 readY on Tuesday, the 2PIth of April.-6_, Bike.--street. rortma-so-ure. four doom rsconi thO lazza~r ~N.10 . Artyof strawad Leghorn hats- ILKS : rich, p,lzin, striped, and checked Glac.at2j~2as.&Lper dre,ra or 12 lards, w-el worth the ~tet t1- of families, Pattrns Sent free' by po-JOl{N HARVEY. 9O a . 9 Lud. gaf;e-hill: etoablishd uw,.ss of 50 loa Carriae Pam upon Xmount above Z5. L AE EERIGTO an GRAHAM.-J. GRAHAMbeg t anoune he rrialof hewhole of his NOVELTIES fr theSEASO. Thisbeautful ad vared rsszortmeat of silks-, fanc drsse, iantes nd lials illbe oun Ist surpass in richness ofqulit, cstl efect,aidmodrat prce,all formxer productions.- Idsabnwwareoos, 1. Lugatstret. cce houses h-nm St. Paurs. THE ~W ALHMBRASGARW SHAWL, piec. Irtcs. oe, wo.and. three guineas. eachi. Tharanw. ponoucedy leprcs~i thir Otes osyfasluon. the moat Perfct,eleant,aaievoo~dal yt pefaed,cars-rca with it the, Tery impessofltoult. o b otaielit te ryoalWarehouse, 61,aad F ASHIONAIBLE AlANTLES at Grafton-house F$oho square. adsOlioning the BRaztar.-KI)WARDIS. F'LLNT. rsa Co. are sow Subm'ittin their 'NEWV SILK WAN'rLES, copied fromj first-class French modlels a, on-ehalf the Parisian prices. Opena cloaks, beAurtifully maden at o,ne glanes. Just receved, tiso new colours in icatvrc,rouf mrantL- or cs the -rs-tg. 1P A.RIS.-19, rtie dos Lions, St. Pazul, AMaisona des J -iEarFi es-eas CHA.R.)0NT and BILLAULT. suece,-soom to Sir. Gauche', betg to inform their nounierous customers that ttseybave a' preset a most .extensive STOCK of the best choice SILK azd other MIATLRIALS6 for furn-itures, ancient tapestry. and sil curtains f or dr-swia,g roomr. I1LKS for the MILLION.-A STOCK, amounting Sto;S3-39. a"half-Prire. iichglac6d si,. the widlevwd.th, ja11lthe rew colours, 113.6d.Lthedr,ts.cs Stripes a2nd heeks-. Eli . d.tlie dress~. A large lot of hanilsoinletec-ades3 a ew rich geaxds and( wide width, at lamv prices Now SELLING OFF. at HIOOPERt and CO.'S, All Oxford-. Street. A ARWICK- HO USE, 142 and 144, Regent- stehNew 31-anioa-MAINTLES of ntutrely now dtsigus are ni,W ready for unseLveniotr. Silk mantles. fasliionat,iy trimmied, at l1 gu1ineas each; eimbr,id,r,ed silk scarf mantles, at 25a,ard_ each;, velvet mantlesa, at 2t. c,ch; ani! a decided:inovelty, aL so;tis cle 1,111 elegantly trimmed. aIts 27 d. eacln-Thas Warw~ick-boase Cunspamy, 142 and 114, Rtc-genr t.sreet. I fE 3-L-iinea CASHUMERE SHAW1,.-Fashion, T R,onniny. DurabilIty, Ceoifort.-In conslequece of the'icesn demand for nhawvL, rAIIMEII amd RiOGERS have arranged with a f.rst-class rasnufactnrer Z~ir the exclusivre supply of s,,ni very choice designs in woven CAUSh''IE, SHAWLS, tar super'Ior irn style and qulity to anlythir-, przo'Iuc&. in former scasonas.-The GreRt India, Chiana, French, and British Shawl and Cloalk Emrporium, 171,173r, _175, Regunt-etreet. All prods marked in plaUiss danes. C OURT TRAiNS and CA.RRIAGE SILKS.-2fhe cntire STOCK of urm eminent Lyons silk, manufacturer. couslstin13 of ardwid d5nas Ircals, n al te nw ansi fashionable coloura, havig ben prehaestjay errir, or csh,at 6, dicount of CO per rent., willhe arhrtited or nmm,ii~tc ALE ao,arlinu to the following allotioent:-Nu 1. £ lOs 6d~ he fll roe; N. ;. dOS~. CIl. limtto; NO. 3, ±2 ls 6dditt; N 4.dOs.I litt:No5, ;! Ms5. Caditto. As the ause tock a ne ci. jew he hoour f anearly inispection is rerwect.fully requested.-OSOVERIiY, T"IO.and Cor.. Regentciuus& EJMBROIDE RY.-Dowe1l, Patterni Designer, 159, Oxfaird-street Wt-c onylyiouse iraLondon that stamls so,ItOrses byinischitlery).-Amr DC) WELL hvsreturned froiu the continent sith a variety of FORIEIGN DESIGNXS for EMBROIDERY. which she strie, to inhes ide.Ii. hankerciefs ltd coltarettes, k5d. : Ilol. lan, piofieas(fo bridig),is.Id.; ctt d. ;h pr or. The trilul saipile. Mr. Dwclls sinogfasionsin abylinen. &o.. sulited Ic the alae orthecotage,arcnow rad.-59, oxford-street, noam I~NAL ANNOUNCEMIENT.-Guldt.n Lion, 28, F.Oxfurd-street.-.I.IIPTON and TAVE.NEI are new offecrin the rem,%ining portion of their rich and. valuabjle STOCK. Having reduced the samnec'casiderably during the pa.,t month, thiey have mad, an enormous tedtnisan. in thti price of all the reanasining gools, to enable thorn to clewr the whole during the short period. the sale amil continue. Rich tlnunced silks, brocaded and checked ditto. Lyom wove scurfsli.wls. rSwiss printed ruttlins. rati checked prinited barties Irish linens. WVelsh tlannelo, ls'suseis,,ld linen, embr-idered dresses auo manle,, loas. elets meins, e.P.S. Alarge lot of Frenchglacd r!ilka reduced fro-an75. bi. pr cyard to>47&1' p!r liy-ards,.-Thoeexten riwe premnias at, ho vt. R EALLY FASHIO.NAB3LE BONNETS.-Thc JL;late.st pmdsuetisansof Pzrisience artisles. first-rate in colour, style arid imaterials, at 16,. IlL ecah scvvnel hundiredsa to choose fronm Iadies will in an instant discovr" thait thety are the Same in ever5 resr,ect as cbareld at tha milliners two roineas.-HIAtVEY and Co., Lambeth-bonse. next to the a-ailweay arch. Wi-trninster-coslad Tj'tASHIO-NABLE P5ARISIAN BUNNETS, in the .kbeset taste. by first-rate artistez, and of the best and newest raxterials. Excellen-ce xvitlieconomy. Spring bonnets, s,t 21b 'glact dlttco, Ifs. f - mourrinng ditto. 14a Id. ; bride's ditto 21s. frie maid's ditto. 12s. 1st A great variety on view at J. amsa E StMITH', shOw roOnas. 1li RegenIt-s-treet oppVoit lBeak-street, iLventoziasI patentees. of the Casapiato or fol ing jonnet, which packs in abet twrt inches deep, and can '' ho behad at the above pricea, Instructious JO, .elf-measuranment cent post free. AComplete TROUSSEAU, for £C20, including the A12'Jupon Brie." and all the newest inventions and imaprevementnz o1fMadamiEBrie. Prize met~l at the Gret hilt.itorr Detailed lists b)ypo-t on appli.Catim.tO J.BRIEand Co.. 43. Coudoit-at..,Re.cent.st A RTIFIOIAL FLOWVERS from PARIS.-G. W. ,L.s. JONE't,of lilt. ('forl-etreet, hzas justreturnelw.ithasplendid assortment in WREATIIS, Blouqueta, Dress Trimmnings, to. ; also a choie seecton o fats ad had dresses. Suitable for ladies of every age. CouLntry orderspromptly and carefully attended to. MADSAME CLEIIENCON7, do Paris, staymalcer, STAYS SUPERSEDED.-Stiff s;tavs destroy natural g_,race, and produce def,wrmity.-3IA.'~RTIN'rELA--STIC BODICE h without wvhalebone or lacing. fuirnishing a goad soupport, and adjusted imono minute-E. and E. IL Martin. Si. Wells-5treet, Oxfordastreet -lae 04,Oxorc-oree).Prospecluses post free. clas hr..O~ntt~tud, o o aprva aed Twrfrom dyt a ree- theirown evidrace of ve=stty, are in volue,ontoheiscin of visitors.Elre lutae rsecu,pc it elmaue msent papers, li.0oayld.Tetfe,Alcutyodr sent ear' riage paid or ptfe-Scsaae arn dSaiad,patentees, 210. OxTfor-ietopoiePrla. llOUSHOLI and FAMNILY LINEIN (wholesale JL__ pice;.-onebait warranted manrtctoures Soldat this ota. blishment. and pa,yment not reeured. for goododered from patterns ,mtiti received and fully approvee of. A magricnt stock of Scotch. Irish, and Germain dam"a.k t4ble lien ; rich dobedt1kclts 7iv yards long. 2Is. ech :larre dinuer napidns.lsI. ol. e da;sal napkins, l.Lto Os. per dee.: breakfast. 5s d olOs . ern r.; 3n cloths 123. 6d. to 3i`, per dez.: linen Sheetig (u cchdfrear- vaa'sc, at3moderate prices,; superior unImbce usa(ihu seo) I. d per pair. Tihe dinest Irish ohleetilgl o et aiyue one to four yards wide;: Irigh linen shirtins.ga-becd,oe~ra warp anld welft, a goodt quality. 29 y.irls for ls;spro,2 ad a ISa. ; extremely flaie and durable, 25 yard for ll. ogcoh a calico sheetings, real Welsh and. German Ilausl,tie uls Cayof' theIcaT- fmilie inrt m Higom iocres loreg Nath ithialLinen fronts. &o., Six for 42s. : lit and wvork gualranteed. Inventors of the Piccadilly shirt coll~ar. its. Ed. per dozer-7, L, pigte-hutl. S HIRTS,--lSix for One (Uiinera.-HUGHES' NON-_ EPHIENMEAL, comfortably fittinig, sand durmblyconmstmeted- are innaluable to otficers trasvellers. and colonial voyagers, at 27s.. 33s 3IPs., 455. Scot fre or money order.-Slilitary and civil,colon3ial ~ans home outfitters.1203. Regtnt-street. 5HIRTA &C.-E. LODGE andCo' celebrated S iLt.not registered, but pe.rfect in fit. quality of manterial, and needlework. Pricei-s-ix for 3Os., 33s.. Ida.,. and 41,. Dress 91h1-ta, with embroidered or hem-stitched fronts. irs great variety. Colo0ured flannel shirta, Pl-Ain colours, il,,ls1. O; fancy Patterns, 12s. 14 Fancy beatInggshirts, nsar Spriug patterns, &c. Obacra-i the addrera 13 anid 15, Straind. opporAto th Goldeni Cros HOtel. F,itablishost I170j TfHE SAINS-PI' SHIT-oegenuine btit those sTeamped with the maeufateradars.- .REDS Cn duit-street. Price-cix- for 1.,ol.d ec,read-oe.Drc tiozn for self-maeasurercne-t in inchsrudtenece hs,wlt n Wrist leng-th of the arm frmr cen,tre of borc, to knucke ENUKA HiRTSare the beat and WANTE for-ALS Genr LAIeS.'a and ChGdeN-i tEl," WLEFT-VGP WEPARINAI,PlE.d. of every eciti. n ddcIptm n nda quantit y,1,-i3 z Ladesten vantd getlmn waited onm aan time ordsb ne,y addre ssing,V' t ptro-ad Or 3frTx orM S. ON.,LL1F D1eTaye-street, E Iigh n ch e-stuaro.he EStbIsbd3. yas iinWITfLADIES', gentlelealstends Cldeand ChLdEn's F?WAIGAPPAREL, of every~zito.inIag o ml deceripitoe, andi Wn bay quantity ladie and, RMntleoncet wated2~whr an lttme orin tRA be baddrssins e-pi,toSr o .r ~y?rD, L 0 COf Inom1daes or gentlemren will be waite na n teo 6tstance, and hars the =ihet Price given for LEF-F LTE OM al esrpti, by atd -reig to isl. rMr..HY S,lohrs ie'yta-tre,Regern-tre. A ,le SI years W ANTED, to PUCHASE, LADIES' Gentle- Yment3. and Ckilhlrme's LTOFWERING AI'APARE of are7 dscrptin. hicwili be paidfor in casih, arid a good price given. Ladiesand gntlem N atd on at any time or dlist-arac by afdreasig toCtr. ad Ms. MISTR, I,. Eel ioDn-street, Heolborn. TfANTED LEFT-Or,FFCLOTHE, S.-Mgn, DAY is WYin txmmedlate WANT oI LADIES'. Gentlemen's, and Children's XBFT-OFF A-PPA%RELof every description, in large orsmallquantiU~,. All letters, &c., to be rrdd.-cssed to lair. Day, at the library 5, _;,vSuthwick -aXcbmgere,ydgeware-r Eialdsre WAN~.InM, LEFT-OFF7 CLOTHfES, for AnsrtruI em foethierL,30ad U.rStrand, opposite Sonir,.oneIX conVan 'iMGh ains A ps-I"ices orash oLDI,Gntlemen 's,in andfth C1Itthir reOdeSlWEAXnG caPPRI arditwce Lettr addreoited as a~ov Mo. 5e1 ay E-lit.3mmac met puncetotall'atnded ato. RaablirIse 8yas WANTED,LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, f6r e*orta- ~~ or gentle~~~Men .waganyew of th1e airra orsal, i ana'tlnnltf 5 o cndil t, iit b p 'ntuae -ate costthei resdener, ny dy odistnee,bv~oteesddrue&t in ~Mr. art I. 1'ee,5ts-4ee- ishe Exft01. T~TAIrTE. LE2~TOFF CLO HES,tq .frApRtM- YTUon-~os~s, APY (suceleur to Mesrs. S ude. -ofe Uband, begtoastrrein lad's had ~uutrme,ntJda DIAFOR 'ES ibr UIRE; wiot6'4jiW ham6 the best ofeavery descriptile.u br-Br6aiiw. d>Frard.4sid DIAXNFQ.RTE.-To be SOLD.- & great bargain,a& veyeceln scnband GRA26D'IAN O- Only sevensuiness. WInur atSasil'ibrary. High-street.1?ecklnm. -,- DPIANOFORTE, second-hauid.-A-brilliant-tone4d-61- .-Octave roaLwood OTAGE:-PIANO.-'withmetallicplste ,.rdall the late impruemeuts. Price, cash. 18 goioeas. Must be sold within two orthree days,T ese t Sha.tet.lno-rde P IANOFiORTE.-A GRAND) PIANOFORtTE, by liroadwoo-d and lions. altogether in exceLlent couditiou. with beatiful metallia string plate, metafllc bars carved brackets. &c.. the property afla lady, to be DISPOSED (IF?at'a, great sacirtle for cash.- 10. L*ndon-s,tr,-et. Tottenham-court-rond. 1JIANOFO~RTES for HIRE, 6z c4ottages., by all makers, 1l4 and 2 guineas pe quarter, or-may be 'pnrcbas,ed on uaeWyeay ers 6i ' rosewood cottales. returned feron hire. 1S riri- ness Reair athalf the uRral cbarge .-RUDD and Co... 74. D)ean! ftreet. Soho0. I DIANOFORTES and HARMONI UMS for SALE, .Laleo for lire. from lOs:a nionthr, with option of purchawe, by pertodiCal pa~yments IfL reqnired. FREIDERIC LYON- pianos warranted. Second-band pianos, fromn £5 -hrrmcdlnnrs, fromlO0 gurineaa -26. Charle-street. liernera-stet WOxd-street:. established 1I05 _VIAN OFORTES, grea-t b,--. ns.-To be SOLD, a 1.. beautiful resewood COTTAGEP PIAOFRT,orss nearly 7 octaves As cash is3 urgently needed is guinea wl be, taken. Also twvo o thers, eleganitly titted up, 20 g~5*IIOLCOMIIE, 13, Grat tonAtreet east. Tottenhanm-court-road. near Shoolbe(red'. DIANOFORTE.-To be SOLD, a splendid SEM1I- COTT E~in rosewrood1, 6(octare-,with fret-work. cared cheeks. patet mealcPlato, andl all the latest iraprorensents. Such abargain Iasceldoiu miet wvith. 'day be ween at 13. Rathbone-place, O-xfordPtreet. pIANOFOUTE, 7 Octaves (cottage), in rosewood N. caze; onec also in walnut, with metalic plate anidlatest improvemenls. A written warranty given for tw,olea,r', andtheimoueycanube PaLid by iLatalureuts it required. -ca a guarantee the instrurment is perfect.-W. TRtIPP. 43. Frederick-place, }iarrp6tead-read. P AIqOFORTE.-For SALE, a decided b a v ery guperior and pow ultonedl 6-octave SEMI-COTAGE. by oxie of the fimst mak,ees. ~withpatent repetition, touch, and all the irnMv-oementz, in a beautIful rosewood case. This instrumient coat £F36 within tix months, and is riaw oSrerod at 1S guinea' for immnediate cash. To, be een at-122. Drurminond-street. atozn-scpusre pIANOFORTE.-A sruperior and remrn-kably fine brilliant toned COiT AG PIANO, In a beauitiful resowood case, with elevant carved trusres, r, &4.,Goctaa'es. It hva ADthe latest improveruents, ontly usedl foar months, and will' be sold at avesy low Price. t;o,,ery superior an irrslrnment is seldom to be met-with. To beseen at fr. WVoodwvell's. sUtlioner,- 61. lernerwstlrot. Oxford-street. P IANOFORTES at 15 Guineas.---J. MA-N`KTE-~ LOW's REGiST1RRED PICCOLO PIANOFOLTE, r%eoraves; warranted to possess all the essecntial quallifiationa of re touch, and durability of the miost expensive uistnuments. Wert adapted, fo- school, hire, or genieral use.-12. liuntley-street, Francis-treet, Tattenhnan-court-nrad: establis-hed 20 years. J ANOFORTE.-A superior and remarkably fine brilliant-toned COTTAGE PIANO, in a beautiful roe-ewaod cas, 64-Octavea, carved front and fretwork.. It has all the latest Improvements, only used four months, ascdwill be SOLD at ai-erylow price fee carsh. So very superiorasri instaeLt is seldom to bemet with- Tobe seen at Mir. Pain's, 1. Bishopegate-strest. oDposite the London Tavern. DIANOFORTES,byBroadwood,forSALEorHIRE, Psuitabiefor exportation. Squares.3.,6. and 10guineas; cabinets. Sand 12 guineas: cottoges. 10 and 14 guinea-c 100 others. by Collard anid the beat malcers; a nearly new harp. by4&~rar, 35 gise; an 8- stOp hrmouiuru. IS gutineas: a finger organ. 10 guna.-. i- WA-PRDS. I and 2, Seymsour-street. Euston-sq,ia-. I )INOFOiTESUnuaally Advan,tageours.-To, beSOD,atvey odrae ries aspenidPATENT REPETITIONCOTTGE, f rearkaly rch ad lno tane, in a beautiful walnt cre;a d. i hadsom roewod cso,by3roadwood and Son, realynew atin flltond atet epeitonGrand, byErard. wit al te nu ot rapevmens.in oceoo: cst160 guineas.-At Muses COOPR an SON', 63 Ressera-ireet Oxfrd-streetL DIAN OFORTEL-To 1so S,OLD a bargain' X brilliant-toned COTTAGE PIA-NO.myo on the first niM rs, in a; tellc plate, and every muodem imiprovement ; cost 50 gunnea only four months ago, btxt if purchased immnediately wfi be sold for 25 guineas. For 2oundness of make and becauty"o' lone and touch it carnal be exceeded&. To be seen. at 17.-Newmnan-street Oxford-street .PIA_NOFQYRTEs EXTRAORD[NARY.-JOHN an,CHEETRY IIOORE call attention to the I3!I)MOVEMENTS )ntst now introduced into their TUIXOPOR, ES-improvemeuta that sea at once Pleasingly astoi shing., These exqufisite pineeclaim the admiration of all : for while they possess in their hbuild every wellknon pincpleof ubsantaliy, heycominea result of every good P IduANiiy-oF TEuhS,a lone, tey tn niab. ALed INQpo ando AneCellent pino. quito perfect 21duinas d1t7 i2 guinemafs ditto 2Cgunes R .itto. P 2A guineaS; dittuao, 10guleVr,as;dito, 3w odsat ditto, each guieas; distto.m40tguirnea.eliered charrigeifree. apprioved piaosfo heuiare wivathge libra thesme Vuifor pam eatdehacrie inth BiloUw Psa-treetoia tethin.10dord,sigfromb tlw madoyeeylo-theet. Ou..can 20. toheo.-sqe theta undcrsl) 1781 soe mbenofaothee rroffsi AL ' IA JfulTES nind tlahogany, bal ianofortesemwood,a 25 s.each.toEheirinsrteusandcapabiltioendeItaPgeoiftousampo6ibet TePOdOecuiasruadvntags of thesme -ianofsortes arebest desribd line thes forellowin tprebeoroa toestimqnal, tsignedabynth writeo thel -eceo musircianstructthe ageu:-W them ahndesomeedommmeetafor the- llraa7 broudoir, hrdaving- crefullyg= eJ.ne the obal PiaBeofditesL 1 Blnfob t.urewitby Jio. D'AlmsinJ adC. . hae gea p eleavure i beii tesimoy toJ Ftheir mertoW.daFrdestu. A tappaS.ou Gmpver, ble t bodick, rderazinJ.osL. Hopknsd. A, Harrison. Bendic, ILa H, . 14sho Riattan Ctherine HaYes, Vc. H. Holmese, W. Kuhe, G. F. Kiallmark, F- L-4and,G- alaura A. Lee A. Leffler, B.-J Loder EL Marco W. Hi Montgomery. S. Nelson, 6. A. sorn;e, John ltarry, H. Pauofls, P OL~E'sPANOSor HRE, rom 10s. per month, LI iththemot lberl aloanc ifulimately Purcbased.-49 Mocimr-sret, o-r dtAs fomRegntstret(removedfrom 131, Re 'P0 be SOLD a handsome rosewood 6~-SE - LOCOTTAGE PlAkOFORTE. with all the latest improvemnents also, two fine-toned Finger Orga-s, with an octave of font pedals tc each. Inquire attrholPaddington-green Acasdecr. 8. Church-street. J~AVESAFF'sPIANWOFORUTES Will meet the re124 uneentsof hoseseeingtone.and touch of the highreet depres of xcelene ad drablity. Well adapted for extreme climates Prics eceeingl noderte.Lent on lure, with the option of puor chase.-..Evetl60Gra Russell-street. Bloom abury. COLLARD rind COLLARD's SEitI1-COTTAGE P IANOFORTIt1-To be SOLD, a bargain, one of the finest-toned SEMI-COTTAGE INSTRUMEPNTS ever manufactured by the above makers, with 64-octaveS, metallic plate, repetition action, and all thc latest improveinents. in a very elegant roeewood ease. To be teen at lfolderne,ises?. 414. New Oxford-street. E IARD's seven-octave PATENT ILEPI'JdrITIj N EGRAND PIANOFORTE, in elegant rosewond case, and you3 nearly new (cost 175 guineas); also a first-rate Patent Grand Obliqu( Cottage, by Erard ; a verY suPErior Semi-Cottage. by, Broadwoo-d ;o ditto, by Collard, Ice., at low prices.-Iessrs. J. COOPERaud Co'.R, 43. Aloorgato-s%treet. Emul-. CIOTTAGE PIALNO, a bargain. Rswo ae three compartments fit ilk.adfretworkr.mealipat.iocve and every recent inmprovefmnent. In appearance it is ftfrtecewn ream Of a nobleman. and the tans is porwerful. rich,anbrlit.O month ago it cost 45 guineas, but fromn peculiar andpesnciur Stances it will he sold lo an immiediate purchaser fo24giesIl strength of mnake and certainty of touct, render itsutbeIoapr feesional performer. A warranty with ir. Can be se t8,Nwa street. Oxford street. 1)JROADWOOD'sGRA' DPIANOFORTE.TO bo JLI SOLD, a mrat bargain, the proeeps ofald nrd Ce iro..mstance-, one of the most beautiful-toned iISSTEUNMEN ever mann factured by the above eminent mnakers, having the patent metallc Plate, bars, andallthe improvements, ins bematif ujroseea-oodcase,ans equal tonew. Cost buta abort time sinceI140 guineas. and will be sold to an immediate Purchaser for the low sum of 45 guineas. Ta be seen at 21. Liverpool-street, Xinie's-ceo,,. TOLKIEN's 25-GUINEA ROA XIN?jeO T.PI-NOFORtTES, compass 64.-OCtavs-T . teorgnl ae of a 25-guinea pianoforte, has. by the care heha ievte o l branches af the maanufacture, obtained the highes reputio toraihut tirehe univers for bin instruments. usequalled in durabUitandeicy0 tetach, more especially from their excellence instnigntuenth Tvarious Climlates of our colonLies. In elegant wlnteawoded makogany, Ire., cases, packed for abroad for £2 Mosexr-H oin' ninnufactory 27. 23, and 29. King Willian-street, Iodr-rde F'OWNS and Co., 20, Oxcford-street, Lnon, inven. T.toss and manufacturers of the Royal victaria, semi-grndand rnttoge transposin Pianofortes. as exhibited at the Crystal Palace, Hyde-park. withfl~onournble Mrention and A Rnf the Grand Jury, 1i5n.-B UDOIIt and PICCOLO pIANOFOR :.-Begnt. *D.-.c tare from C to A, in rosewood. rebra. walnut, and curl mahogany,' from 25 to 45 guinea; cottage pianofortes, from 15 to 55 guineas;- the Victoria senil-grana horizontal transposig pianoforte, 65 to IS0gui neas. Hesczs. Towns and Co. ma,nufacture none Other than first-=a instruments. and they keep in tune, without charge. al instruments perehaseed of them if within five miles of the maunfuctory. T ARP, by Erard-A very superiradhgl HJ bislied double-action HARP, by the abvcebrtdmk, nearly equal to new : together w-ith leather cover, kyfr- n ag comuplete. Pritesonly 10 guneas for immiediate cs:cs 1.T senat U'. Scotchez's, '0, Mortimer-street, Cavenfihsqao CREMIONA VIOL N.FrSALE,armral ineoandhandsome VIOLIN byJOS'EPH GUAhRU:as three by Stradlinanius, Amati, and B3ergonzt; and afieionclob Joseph Guarnenrus. Apply at 17, Edw rarn's-street. Prna-qne REMONA VIOLINS, &c-obeSODb C Private Contract, a chOice of excellent VIOLINSadTNR in Paetodr yCremona and other malcers (namesorage) n smirked with fixed prices. Also a 6-octave liclunre infreoob seen3,from 9 a.nLi11ml7pm at2Vn3jITCEtJ,, aas-e. Camden-toc-n, near the Rei~' cap. 'I.BOnypiaeernstael witiLr TUHE TEN-GUIE AMNUM, ~with t~he mf -IL PrOvements, InPmifactured solely by eoss,rz. 'WHE:ATSTONE and Co., who obtainedI the only prize mnodal for this instrument, hasa the full compazs of fxve Octaves,- with one stop, a rich sustained qulity of tone, which can be produced either loud or soft at pleasure.Isa excellent substitute foe an organ. and does not reepeira tuning. "Warren's Toutr," for the aboTe. 4s,-Wheatstone and Co.. inventors andI patentees of lice concertina, 20. Conduit-street. Regent-street. 7IHE IMPROVED PATENT H1ARMVOIN I UM. TGOhO. LUFF and SON. Inventors of the Sojirdine and Celeste Steps, have asied another imProvement. to their ffarmoniums,, the pat-ent Genonilli&ie. or Imee stop, which enables the player to pr.odrico the full Power of the instrument without lifting the lingers from the key. Tis mprvemnt an e aplid t IfrmoniUma alreadv sold. Ta povethesuprioity f teirHaronirnsthey keep) them in order fiv yers,fre o chrge Bingpiaofotemakers, they exchange hanmeluns or ianoorts. nd ianoorts fr hrmaniunrLa, both of wichesa bepreiouly hred wih coic ofpurchase, at the lowst rimfoe tratclas istrmet. oleagetsfor Dohain7s new Intrmet,th Heroachrd.Co.Luf ndSon, 18,Great C IRGAN for SALE,of finefinish and new, willbe s old with or without a ce, comp C(3 to F in alt: cots b,mirdon, open and ttpeddapsn, rn Fpl dicans alt:ute,and ilfteenth. Two octav ecipst ditto. nsftbeft ad place of worship or otews.Apya,Gtlfr-lc,Iange waella-road. HAlMBER FINGER ORGA to be DISPOSED C F. a hbargain, tied in a handsome mahogauy care, with gilled, pipes. Apply to Mr. Safith, auctioneer, 255. lllacd riars-road. TPHE GERAIN ORGAN built by Herr Schulze L (on the new theoreuof Professor dpfee,o emar) forthe-ExhIsbition, is now placed i the Exchange at Northampton. The most eminent organists concur in the opinion thattthe aystem on which this Organ is built excels every other foe- produin gradeur, power, and sweetniegs of tone, adIthrfrescilyadapted for the solemnity Of eccleshiactieal use.-AiSPRISN(rmLadn spe exclusively engag6ed wit:- the builder in3 the eirectian ot the ono at Northansptorn and having thus obtained a perfecst l,mowledgh of its de tailis,- sNew formation a^ndscales of pipees,ound-hoardsw &c. Ailthough the best materials are indislpensainle on this isystem,. the expense ismoderate. The Germanhorgan may be heard on Thursaysr hypres ious appllcaliou.-Organ factory, Northamapton. ZpyTroiecOie ituaett be hrada ( GlOfrA YSCRHA3 and Co.'s. 86, N,cwgate-sti est, who have publlhed.ao~ZitherSchodl by C. A. Lane. a d who can recornmend experienced tea3chs.- rVHE.NAEW'.CYLINiDZR-PRIZEH T CLPOauteads daily ait IUlDAILL an& 0O.'s l nne, f,ory, 30. nmr nE tea 2 l4 oclock, to Nxplin iand Illhutrathe peula excelleare-s ot the6oee 'fctar lclbadlifrit-toned. inru -- ~vrnent,l:ernd ef flute, aprtiponl. new. and-old CiatWias ~I p-el, la:, givgaull dtscriptioer. YII(--be SOLD-a- aBARGAll'. a large- powerful tI 3fU SICA -r .b -playing -fonr aou 'sm Works and box i -te new. T o he seen at J. .Iarl's; Court haird err,175 Piccdilly. - :fEPOT for'tie IUStJIJ EdE~ Mer. ..YIICLT .0 Ith'IESP,. of Genevab, 5-LCOrnLn;. :london; Printod list of tunes, w ith prices. zratls,and pio@tfree5 orragsication. - filtYICEJAND ICGOWHSTI23S,,I*,eicb. - OHN 'WELLS- and :Co.,, 210, en-aret--- Bt URWINGMr~utre and FINncy CabTUinet WORK.-4~d J. F.REEXE .mnfet- rer from parics, Dedtabahd 15 year an naueererparn done.W48. lOstre ea,xfrstreeOxford-sret C.11 n 3 HEAPEstr&ve re tous b eHEAP-'QAvin' the Il i teat. " -Cabltoinet sadf-ltaer iwolr~Furniture uulya scepu issrrt at tAWI-NGeo fRnitMr Dinnuf goy Aold seeed Itoom always on- haUI-leznsL H HfuriN ts iPgar2eetand Comany,) 06 ande87, [TOCSofCLABDSI FURNITURE,: ar rpff Cintws. D&dings tricetof eNeD. 3art aclreuireds of the uhntare urnihd Gozi ever Ct _air oUHe L, h Matudyteonom withdieFance Caobd aplyWor tis eithe pFsnal or by poet, ma efodrer frmakn Paypris,ees,iho 300 pyews rich Lonru ssehesrl ato infor ther yardt. lestrye ad ptl tern:d i00 piee fiest-ratbe good at 3.., ne stotkon a.-Jo.bs w MAP z ng5. Tlotiebuhlcoumrnu-troa,Lodn reptairin doe-4 1 years.l,detes,Oir-et H~O0EAPU?gT vrus HEcoPd-lia,.url alt tho.leW atgeat sprin tuhed realtegond isceapsy, chaiend-m eha, set mod cerate piedos, atthed wiat pltegln sunta fi anb'litotp. An ie o eesais ted talotockble on onhand-Omly caH dpla C and'f clas, twole Dandier iocle5t hand.6, Oxfordstree. cloe t heri nd aolsy'si chimnre.-gla'sb In1aredan JL' &_-GrAtl~ w 45.UToATeDse tsi. rwor n trice upolstere rs,icl, l'quredfrten'-unsXgtbdssrnoc wnest of' wloane-treu eite persoaUorD1A Ydsl f.EO DH -AJSWD riT andICE. popfinero theain-at w ester DR urNG spcflytoIvt h aU_IUttentoc ofidpurchaerslo eqanl to.es a ripio to bargItnIT.l Cotaof tsir exatreent cnir evalled itck consisWhting ofen tpire stuites of te drw nd diin bandho eroom furatofctir, manufature ba tes o beathousceai4snonie~wbtticblthy harved& recntlytprceadroom fitedve tli noltemen%s and ge rbleentp eaing occ,aAda unbde, sch table o- htanuesasenale thred tPillar any.ca,s potwona plees tahanon-t hird o rorilyinaldcoot. E esyarticl andalted, an theimoney retuIncrnedifnet aproedt of. Princpal eentac.1Crwodsre. ae-tet E ATYACRAIRSA Codcsee, of _SEtteeDfHever descr"Iptio , el Terating desgn ofmo thebee man0sufactre,warrantEd T anlsufd with thebeetmhorstjeacr,eat Werymoerat purnicuer Bazaaroos-.M NoO2TTand 358 rawfd3-otee, Oxferd-street: begotabise E ASY CHAIRS, Chaises Lon tue k, St scon versgofaaloe Sfa, A..ot he os elga tanluuriouM forms,asturfed Cabiet ad Upolstry umtr ashinabe Budteypucaads supriora itedto vsit tis uique nd clebraed e tebihaneonot,hich o int,, rivlle fo th imens dipla ofuseul ndornmeyrtued ruis iLte forhoSe fuCiHAIng, Oouacuredbys firSt-rtewoken, of cbvery sataned maUtufer ias and iet wl beoreaived athvrymoeae pricesi.butoe arisiank fucitreful atnd raseducey prictes;att sueir dinuintoryo cand tEusa prie.Sfs C... ofere arsticle is marnd% Setitoula?on fiurs, anffda rintten warrenty. inGteran.- and Co.gih -e, uyphiv oltrrs,mabnet Cabanert and Uedding m urnifturer, 6, faltor abdle Bker-teadre, andrio visitan 0 .Kin quteet,d P celeb-rqated,salsmn, hc.i riaUe o hmes UBUiSON ARPEof usn tae sye- ofta Loquis1ths £31rthou aund 10th, mnfrontuthed byri fxoition,teforkwhich af Granjte Meidaile5 d'haneurswasy awarded, At lAUGH and e OB', s Londof carpeta fumitore. and 4, roedgced-prieet.peir hi th suad rm B CHN EEovery aesrfipeios enrd qain= figudesians ba emintent iartists angeilenctDR at tan ware,oUse oftOrsBEcaIV.e3MIT4 , BOYid E,Klnsodet Co.,9 remat Mqarbe. aatet ex or -L1theratad.last, fronl ptternrs ceap. Also aforyhilue real A edasiler carponet, 28aee Oiwa. by , s AG n ZN' I cape waeOUl . SWS and4,GoQgeeteet ondorcapt o l emindut artgive tod arooms,ball, librearies,c.ute o rieleso nrinsi ndTELaborateM cabintd wOrk, 9f romIeatoa.a e Malioog-tet ext doo tho taLe rathe most easti Yand softtset bheap. Apric lis ofeery dbescription of eding.- hiar nk28fets aind byli 2etfe.Be0ed,f vr em konind wood gireonad broo ss, ribs, liotris, Ac,. Eiderdownes ofuits,ingsi andcoUbrtto cab! et.J wond fro Ster bedding' a erMjet's h Turkitsr Amanufdoter`s o ,, LI. Ox ITforS.Nw od-street.bose,an bd oe adviedDIN ASSooRmEN ofrabEDitEAD ind broman ion .B Jad S.STE M's SPR an sd PACE ha e M ATTPargc malsto i rec otisrieaadL mahogaeny AndfriellwoodsSeverydforipionpe te.alof thdig.blnetst ut, and aits mthe loedsteprics onsiseve t dwrit ablei beodsed. ihars,& edn and matt rbe n 1 Edresdofn everys dincri f ituo. lre -anduPactue. 10M N ond-street, -tNE THOUSAND BEDSTEADS to OCHOOSE ~JFROIL-HEAL, ants SON have just erected extensive DremisesA wbich enable them to keep upwards of 1.000 bedsteads in stock, li fwhic-h are fixedi for inspection, comnprissag. every variety of brass wood, anidiron. with chintz aunddamsnssfurmitures complete. Thei, new -s-erooms also contain an aseort,zsnt of bed room furniture~ w'hich comprises every requisite, from; rhe Plainest Japanned deal foi servant' roomns to the newest and mokst tiasteful1 designs in mhoab andS Other WOOds, The whole warranteA of the soundest and = manufacture. Heal and ons lUustrted Cataogue ofBedsteads,sac~ Pricd List of Beedding, sent free by post.-Heal and Son. 190 Totten haxn-court-road. CHINARER and GOLDSMITHS.= YVHAWLEYS' 120, Oxford-street, and 2M4 High Holborn, (fron 75, tm4nCove ysre)~ocatGOLD WATCHES, iewellei In fourhls horz nta iovemit £3l0e. gld lever and duplen watches, hih sished. from 12 uiea to 38 gunass; 51iver waSohes jewelle Mnfu oes, maintiin ioe.richly.engraved cases sac dials, £.s, sler lever watches, frm 3 Se to 10 guineas, Jim fiodChains. commeencingatX1 IOfet h FURVEE -GUINEA. GOL-D WATCHS arne JL-GOLD WATCHES, cases i8crt,hrzntlscpnet four holes jewelled, each 43 Is.; ditt insie ae.£2 gohc pateutlevers. 10 holesiewelled. £06 Ifs. d.;itonsivrce,£44s. Lndon-made goldl levers, £I10 lO.M £1 2. n 1 o. ivrditto Z4 4s.; £0 5s.. anot £3 -s ; solid geld gur his egigone ,iov. 21s. :twvo soys., £2; three sovo,, £3 ; orsv. 4-tADIIN CAMPEELL's manufactory, 43. Ttehmcutre;etbihd3 years. MESSR29. LE ROY and SON, chronometer watch Mand clock- manufacturers to the French Admiralty, 13 and 15 G?aleie Montpensier PaaeRoyal, to whmp two medals have bees awarded at the last 5Poi Unvra Ehbton, beg to inform thee numerous Patrons that they have opened a4 BEL'CH ESTAB3LISH MEN,T, 2M0 Regent-street, nearly -opposte tho PolyteChnitlnstitntion where will be found the same choice assrtment of goods, and at thi same terms, as in Paris, p-DE.NT, 61, Strand, -and 34 and 35, Royal En3 Chane, aronmetr Wtab, and Clock Maker by apgdoalmeu' to the Quren and Prince A&irt, sole suceesor to the late J. DenI In all his patest rights and busines at the above sboos and at thi clock and compass factory at soiberset-wharr, maker of Chronometers Watches, Astronomical, turret, and otker clocks, dipteidoscopos saa Paten', siiPe compasses (used on board He, Majesty'-a yacht). Ladles -gold watches 8 guineas; gentlemen's 10 guineas; stcong silver loeve watces,ff £8 Gs, ; church clocks, with compeansation, penduilum. £85. EXCELLENTE BIJOUTERIE COUURANTE.- EFabriques SPdstsx.-WATHERSTON and BIOGDEN, havin.4 been honoured with a first-class medal at the Paris Universal R-chlbl tion.accopanid bythe hoveflaterin tesimonal, ettactfreet INviE tepbi oa npcinohi GOLD CHAINS and FIEGFD~ ExtenI FLonYandB RLgden od SmitS. Moi_7anufdoy 10, Hernrietta-street sl- n l.assoartment of fine ccld neckand guarai chains, Alber' chansan eri, mbacngevrydecrtenof pattern. The price. TarIg fom Os. p t £1 18. Th ~ulitof the goldwarrsated newst and C.l the pices ver reucedar atito fele dhesripton, csdoi and elegnt STOCK of new and-foreign PRODUCTIONS ; congistin, of jewei ery of every description, gold Chains, gold and silver watenes lirr, acining room,. and drawing room cbclis of the best design dressingand writing caises,bronzes, ornamepte for the table inwahnui unrvaled,andtheefoe bg te fvou ofanearlY visit from theii numrou paron an frond. i inneeles tomakce further cam meo o tei seecio, hei rpuaton ortateand style bengs SILVERis th meetperfet metlxewin use ; it isharder and mor duabl thn slve, ad te aia.colurthroughout, at one-ftlt theprie. he ollwinartste ar ingenraluse, and can be stronglb Fiddle Pattern. X s. I ThreadedP tten £i '.I QensPten 12Stableforks ,.2 12 12 sLefomka .. 3' Bjlthabk..3i 12.ecrd., 111Idessert do. I-. 214112 desset do. . 3 C 4 nalt spcena ~,0 7 Iealtspn .0 11 I siaoos. 1 12teuspoous. 1 11 l2teaspoona: 13132litealaspoons ..s 20 1~ 1 sgart-ogs 41lmq tons..0 6 isugartonige., 0 7 fA,tius, or w.ttcatalogue. with ftall particuar of prc-- ayb a grts or iltbe sent, post paid, on arppliation W.e Thomas West. 18, Liodgawe-street, next to Nol.1, St. p.npe pL"TE.-A. B. 3A-VOIYand'SONS;manunfactnrin9 aL sversmniths,1Itand 12, Cornbill, LOn=don o¶ 'be the Bank of EnglaiL-To bet wrughtfiddle patte S IL SPO'ONS and POiES,at b.4d.peroune;ditto, Queen's liattern diftt, Ps 65. pe eusc. Te flloingaretheweights In general use, but the artiles ros b ha lghtr r haverat t.he samne plnce pe ounce:- FiddlePatern. ce. .d. As. 5 %'snPatem. O. d. A La. 2'aeSon30aty 74'I 9 0 l2 TnbleSpDoouz +at7 618 0 0 lleertit207 417 8 12 Dessert ditto 25 7 69 7 6 tlabeFrk 30 7 4 I3 00 12 Table Forks 40 7S615 0 0 l2lDewxet ditto 20 7476. O 2 D2fessert ditto 25 7 6 a 78g .2OGravyflpoonslo0 74S 3114 2 GavySPOOUSl12 7 6 410 0 I Soup Ladla 10 7 4 3134 SOUP Ladles I 7 6 4265 ISaucoditto 10 7 10 318S4 4 Sauce ditto .2 1 8 0 4180 TTHE PERFECT SUBSTITUTE for SILVER.- Tbe realNIGKEILSILVI,E, introduced 20ajrsagobyWILLIAM 8. BURTON, when plated by the patent process of Messrs. Elkington .4d Co.. is beyond all comParison the very best article next to sterling silver that can be emnployed as such, either usefu8,r or omnamentally, as by no possible test can it'b3 dislinguishedfrom real silver. - ~~~~~~Fiddle.TClhread. Kings, Table Spoons and Fork, perden .. Z& 4 50e. DeserQtdittoand ditto.. s. lIe. 42e. Tea ditt ., .. ..,.. . . s. 24a,. S. Tea and co(fee sets, cruet and liqueur fra esaitem candestck c-t Dpropoetionate prnos... Allhnds ofre-pla ng done by the patent ! Chymically pure Nickel not Plated. . Fiddle. Threa. King's. Table Sponsand Forks, fullsize, per dorecs 12 28&. O. Dessmectdittoanilditto . , Os. 21s 25s. Tea ditto .. s. 18 1 2w. The alterations and additions to these extenive premiser (already by far the largest in Europe), wich occupied the whole of last year- are of such a character that tbe entire of eight houses is devoted to tbe display ofthe most magnideentstocko genealloo3e iroumongery (ina cludingcutlery ickel silver platedgoodsbeths, brushes andturmery. lamps andgnseuers, Iro ant bras bedoteadsod bedding), soan-nged in 10 large show roons as to afford to parties funiisoing facilities in the slection of goodtateannotbe hoped for elsewhero. Illrutrated catogues sent per pt) fre-39., Oxford'street, 3, l, 2 2and 3 Newmani-treet, and4. 5, and 6, Per ye's-place; -Establshed 1I8. ' ilLECTRO.SIL'v2 P.IATE, ofsuslerior manufae- :ture,,the quaity gnrtee. rTable spoons or forks.40s. perdoz. dessert 9~~~55- n M-; tea and coffee service. 43 s. coet-fAnes,18s.jickleIrranes, . 35s, ;Iiquor. frames, ' corner. dish~~ ~eredSh 0rr,'491 10 Pu a6. Emafcue , jLlI O 0.Pattnt;eft of, the Electrb A6., beglo lrot4mst thtthey si xeelestock a lalge varietyr of-NEW DESIGNSi ftthe hgstclaws of pa&~-Lwhikhh reenlyebaiedfe thS., tq theParis E hdst t oi t crqsothe Legonefto time d The C3ouncil. Xedalwbgi ;ia o ons1 nem ted - tm:x4 tionin i185L ,-Eacr akticl& jn. Crownr. alartses old s bin plated by lk P roces aff.rd noguanteeof qality- e, , . az&d a their ii9 JO~~~T~j~~ Great Xarhen k.iZbge._ Jl._OXHWcODW"ADI_fD1Ntis o1ob,IPe vtreet. and 4. '-ce. - - {3OALSj; 1#s.,-beet DEPRBYSHIRbE. xt; Silksd~ 3L;bast double soree~d ai'g:a~ 22i.. ;mt Cits c6im-IX& CO-ALS-.~ --T D E ,VLES1Wioifombafriend. - COALS.-LareW-~I7 ~ro * coal, dfeliterea free at IS.. fei& ton:; g5k~ 4pr;crdrou Cahterms, oonslgod. to It. LLOYWDiHdpr*Usss droao f-OALS.-COCKERELL,SInd C&A'sCOAlS. Cash cee.WS,. Lee-etreet, 4- ~o:h BemllI- ur tresto e~ed"Tu a-whiUf _rCe A4g. per tonl. S creenedbyhsdna.lal apickd o -Ut. e 'IOALS.-Great: Weztern Ral .%T-~,Best-Rhu&boN, beaddressed to Captalit Thlkle. retWestr Riwa. int, -j"'IOALS.-The best CLAY CROSS.COAL, equaXSo1 %-/Wall'a-end, a, 1f.ye ton, and ye5, for secondg. cashoa GelireSI aithaibee ile.-J~ IL WILCOX, sole&gent to the YClayroa .Comparty, 12. BurvoodVIace. Edgae-road.c;a ,CIOALS, Delivered, 15ti. ner ton (lowest price on recoid) ; Yorkni±hbo$e Coalsli5s. 'bilyble hos, 17. ~aeolke. Is. S pe chal&cpo. Addrcs Butchrai o,Nrhr tNO10ALS 23t. best.-R. S. DIXON and -SON, b,aa JcoS!erecroteutdto lower their masts and-deliver alonegsdet their * hr.tey suppy tb&be.at COA.LS, direct from the ship tarzer and bettet=nwhen worked by. the _;jdiryethod.Povd=- .hii * OALS.-The Silkst{]6ie-Ct1itefYCompaiiyibiascomTCoAlSt this erratge, eithiforn- dile uni nterote. drs all orders, S 4DINEY- BITTCHME,.ofidoti maragej,NrhriIbr -FIOALS, 21s. Od o, et,'screenied. by rma-. nYorkshiery, Ifs a 1%. mal1s.'ab -A4d b sa- i Oh er! -or. r odEsen-aiwv olofcs 32, ra;Mrbrtg. OASb Ntorth western -Railw a- stelwaa eHouorioiaca s,lr is, cleanl cotndie ex -Depot .Car4dentw,-T VIf~E aae. O S COA-LS. - Entter'ley Collieries;-BestHO S aruneclat l7a.6d. A'ddres t4 Af.;x kP Y. agents to the Sutterle Copn,North iijdoxn Railway Station, Cldonian-ro.d ar to CaU=e-tsn Xilbmn. or Shepherd's-bush Railwray Stons. C1OALLS, best, 2,3.-DICKINSP'Coal. Herehant tuo 'He,iasat -ah'ics.23. ton for the beet smwmed Stl= .r ~~~COALS bestrUalmycola Is.1 par too; -bestke. iaperchaklron. Doli,e-tei frrsi-losidge: establishedl1754 COALS.-The, South Yor sieRiwyad River the very best lsOtjECU,fomteYrshre fields, at IC otte hr,an f.Cd etddeiiyered. Address CIFALRL~ HADNlED Sctly,SuhorhieBail- ovdar,e Railway Station f -W)ALS~.-I'e]mfl and Brownhbifs Collieries-Th4bae. X-? fine e-als require no pok-ing;- they hurn, clear and bright,an will nOtgo out, boweves low1thmfre masy bo, aLndfor chamber awe inralruablo. rrices for. cath. viz. :-feep coal 2&g. s)aalkma ISs. itrat ccal, ifs. Delivered within. four miles of: -Cl Farm tatio~u &cldrres chief office US, l'all-wllflorthe dep7,t, Chalk Parm Station A LDEPARTMENT. ByScrew andRala. u ari ad OD., Highbiiny and Kingsland Deo&HT N's WALL't-END. direct from the coU to the Popla Docks- by the crwteames Cochyane, Hitton, and Northumberland: or the Merchionee o Londonderry's Stewart's Wall's-end, delivered screened to anly part of London, at 22e. per ton cash.-Le and Co., chbef offices, Not anRaIlway StatIons. Hishiutsy. TIlhngton. or Krgidng d. CIOAL, 23.-Bet C-oals only.-Iprai to the ~Jinahjsnt ofthe south of-London. Camberwell, Peckhamn. itrxto, Caphm,adthlr iciitis. he ran SureyCanal Coal WALL-EN SCRENE, unil urthr ntice atthe above low pric. Adres SEPRN FNNE, mnagr, rand Surry Canal (f'1OALS.--L0NDOX ancl NORTH-WTESTERWN '~/COA~RY are ow deliering,from this date, for cash It. coe 4.pr chtasdron. delherCompany caxtraongyrecommendu ther eatSihisoc a being da lieerful cl teanoelyw, r and frrbl oalr aqasi n quaityat imnpowrt ulished-borecil, proue g reaiui ft he Cal and vry fe ashs,-i. '.Btsow , scrtary w,eOremortne-dland Csolde tea-n Staxation.sunroeened ommnti R Wet'- a LL'si.Ores-EDtObsALS,t COUALS,1~.-NothLndTon alm colD keete' coal biG-now beyn deivred t ther abov unerlopc,and frto th teO cia ldstof coais rimporty, anubdlisered bythe repistrar]o the Cmo. Exchane the arpear thouaty Srectnsd 17 ncwt.nereymotd n e ;towhousekeeponerforLthebyar'sf5. athi i2s upeeetd,cm t 2.IdSlksTh Pntone Coal CobstDmbspare, Gra =etenwaf VAddigtW bo:aloYrk-hrf,n:s otgnt'-aevrk-aI. Alorders to be sente todftc 3*10P-a. AR. Worth London RailwaySatit Caeoual eprt- 0ALmeu.-CaeouASTEad CeOUTISR EOSR~CAILW,AoY.- best qality afre brouhisto by aew prilie frcoml bSondelti to theo b 4cstsle"othis railway, andldeliveredlto depots alon the Sout oqiecoafeam bhere theys areenthoRoughlysceene byig machnery Besto19 Wall'sen6 21eY Silkton, l8s.; bikoest De1el-re via thnde aDebir l'iorthWdeer [IsAtuyifs o er tlaycrcash 2 naeirvery. -t odesthe addressednxa tWll Mendr. 2'ARRY Nfrhli ortl LondonRileway Steartics Caredonise-road.- 13 On anduafterstis date th~epricedfon ToasIs brougttolbdonlivee itthis railaywile an s fovmllos :from the Bskout orshe cofeld Ssbytioftn fs; Sllper tonper,'l w1g Fro the heryshir te oaistield*atOrderClmayoeadresse, tf,Fomr A th county of.du-n r shomwa d.t22ti:ns. arch oo bs ofidondo-efomrsde Stewrty. Wall'send, 245. lst-D odnubyt Is. railway -If. per asfoldlows Tdhvesedal withibe demlvere at the tabiove pFricsfemilsfo the Bit Yrshoirae o0lrcMle-es-As 0Sta tosI.per ton peBr mley wIl&Pthbe eHarged beyond thakt istanc Ores fa b ddressdmt r..SPRO. MiWeTeWle1-end o2rBiWhopsga tstngCahto bDa-angvnthe paider or n drefory. 6do . pe tordper, JBe tow chargdforyti railwy distnc heo as folosIeivemermroed Owiti five ml ofthe Station. De-Ifroesathe Soueth Yorksirpe Ore-edHougeCol&p screaened, prern ca ton-anly idfes-:"Ilotwll Haigeh CSSlakef ole, Ages foree the count of ColDrurhamt L-Aanade YThee Gratlse~ 22rthe Wall' to e pl, n ivig te ode, o ennelvey. d. ertosth peroxmile a thisStaton.Delieris atampeeador Hgh.T. R. mcwattpSe wortheiSne o Coa brough tofLnonb the Groz a mea-tNowten orail wa,HetheGvrnmtntia Estco for Holelowy,nh according tyth roxn ALtyna the Greate addrtessnt thewa resect ineg'es:orto~ Ap.l t. oat Srer beniC's-trcralo Staion.sonon Mrchs- r *t 1o856, iil- atheGoven t-est lstvl for sirtp ton,este 1g.Oi; itt, ecnd ltith; CViyctrias Lromnot Dc'lsy-lneCllery, 5g-IndKS andler Cock, Cam den-rtawtioadsteay Station. Apyoe-mILAO C- oNl EChalnge. ag.Ari 1 M TYATTND (YRKSHRE STLOFIEA CNoA. (oi. abou the ordernmn listfor suppLyn the satieamznay, reommndedL a -theaFi GreatNorten RailwayDepnc. Ki~ng's-cross Atpey do so. Hedro bert Clarke. oaLLofe, igs-crboves D toubl-spreene an. 1 haT. -pce T.oY"U LEY Y RKHR) TA COAL, Teeclbae os coar " fthe Goemest qulisty fhr sprplryin ofe stfeam ne. 3fndyo FSAl deritost Catl7Ex.handgS.- pr Apdldtomessr. W-LLIAM CBLIS denurtow e r reduacotVionlfro Ha0esld.tock Is,oly e o.Pnl L -y sigle iod ut of tiol-c sor breerires dthleyrdoa so.a Adreflsse - oapmaJL printerL, stas avengDoube-s. cr eened and hanmd-pice pie6 orIPLgeYotsu C TtLe.-Thal frrtoele olratied oso coaleni uefruwrsof the5iesyqalsitynh prnopertyofi tlfed Milleramundy, Req. olnof exrtraordinr stra enseth, adifs. id. ether excellent sorts of deats-iptioa, at -17. OiLadis tdo beaddressedt the WLTER BLIS den-town; oN:rd15. bart illa, Raeretstca-nal, OKIf 12,.-Bet G S COK STeAMvre 2sALe prc,frlare cosuerbs.hTre liecoal fo hse,olei a eni llngyads nl ta esl,adi nue -andest we dapend. tho roughl screened, 23a. per ton. Casla-on delivery.-RUTSSELL anc Co., Belmont-wharf, King's-cross. PETGAS COKE, '12s. per chaldron, delivered.- LIcemedon Coke Company areasliverinig their best GAS COKI at 12g. per chaaldron ; best Silirstone coaLl, is. : beet doualAe-screrecte Wall's-end, 21s. Orders tobe addressdto LG. BoWfLE,Manager, Baltic-wharf. Kingsland-basin. - NE THOSANTDFIRES fOr ~15Sn-Te ETN.A 0 ULasusedl..ythll~ritishandb'reiach armitesintheeCrimea, powerful disInfoctanit,, and wil be founfd. most ivsefuil and econowicni -for the sick room, drawingroam, end kitcen.r Cash price (aeliveredim London), lIe, per tho-usand squa4res. With orders and for propcu (gratis), address F. THOMPtSON. Union-wharf, Wlilton-rosd,Pimic.- Anetto the (ImProved Paent) Etns Furel.Corpany. - A LISO-N, BED.IOE.D; and Co.. Wax Chandler-a £3. o Her Maiesty, are now selling the finest transpatrent WAX OWCNESLB at Is. II. per lb. ; rinest sperm, Is. Sd.pe lb. ; American war, Is. 4d. patent wax or sperm, Is. ; composites, 10L ld., and Md.: pure Colz Oil - 4s. 6d. pe~roaln; household said laundry soaps at equally redcA prices for -13. New Bn-street,- CANDLES 5kd. and 6d.; patent waxlocl. , THE LONDON SOAP and CANIDLE COMPANY, 1 70 New Bone-street, manufacturcrs of all kinds of wax, sperm, omPosite. and other candles, soaps, k., beg to callthe attention of famles to their sstem of buminess, i:- ' best quality goods, at lowest prices: ebe and inferior articles beiugoarefully avoidedL immediate reduction of prices on falling marketa each customer being put on wholeesle terms, however smnall the order; and ior country famiies ecoromical .rrangementifor pekalses and carri List of prices sent On aPPlication, Sole depot in England fer esrsm Lematre's pure French Cohn Oil, Sn. Per gallon-76, New Bond-street. NEW I:IGIITTfor DIA.-T. R. GRIM and Co.'s PATNT LAMPS coombino brilancy, simplicit, economy, desnce. and rZortabiDty, wvith tbomough protection fr om dr-aught. A detailed progpectus. with drawings, obtainable at the patentees, 83, NeW Bond-street. Table glass of every description. 1ZgCHEN RANGES.-The IMPROVED LXAM- A ~GTON KITCHE , with lauge hot plate, douNo oren a hblboilerr. e price bta and al aricula Ire ? ATLtS P., hv nl Psot lhnmdry. Ieanuington: or apply to Messrs. Rich. sad . Snlo8atck,irzonmongere, 136, Strand, London, where one may be rEE SMOKE-CONSUMING COOKING APPA- RLU&TUS on Dr. Arnott'sprinciple, to whicha 4rstlamedalwas awand4iat Ui ParisExhibition isto be seen in daily operation at the Ianuiafcurerg', F. EDWARD§. SON and Oo.'s, 42. Pold-steet, Oxford-street Thisrangei8themostaeconomilcal eyetoonati-cted, and F. R, S.. and Co. can guarntee the cure of any amoky chimney by =dse. Presietas sent on aplicatiom Dr. Arntt's Grate, as adatedfor drngroom use,.tsalseot besen in operionw - SMOKE CONSUMING -KITCEN RANGEL n certain curefor as moky chbimney,with hlf the uslfuet The }`* tRadiating and Vesatii O,ten Range is also strngly rZconinderids 31ybemeenat67 per, Thames-tree*: or prsectuss pbsYse, byBtown atdUreet, -o SMOKY CHDINEYS.K-Oo Cure n10o Pay.- 1DWAD&%.SON And Co.. toinformtihe public tgabihey upoert.ke the JR b;of Sfo-KY cEIxNm8. of whxkTeer dejmF OTadrdi a lES an este Of AerR pIPOTgTt-o TRADESMEN.-Meumsr BARRC ZINC DOOR ~ ~ to gUIPPGY BRASS And 11 inc6d. - is ZiLhO5 WIt na o and*.6 C-det IC ifir- #,b ene s.ver.ai'rad -me&frnE,KewmId. ee(xee&tret TEEH a th flloesa tena'LudAte Ylu_WK,. -; zMalent4st-toattleatoo wr,aru Leap5onfesr eX 8 a"~~~~~~~~ugo Jhit yoMA,an wt aptitonfall aeotnt? Ana eagt twk o-aos As(ewo. TMLH iistpere, by whch sfaoomlserieinlwhat wia lttoert c'in eh tleetued imdsabergerSD dnein-teetantiror.P H FnSof oldraeomp Jin maufmtuEig-deai*,tlsuddstee4t -Bn~reat -wicklqsre neatr fig1-rall est All theee0 ,6a.nnAooanc, asrwel ~5tO-suse ndKigscrGU eTble -AIS; eam, tot, fromS ~Sur6dea-settin t ba2e, rom£:eigeto sQtg ortma-,uiz. cn aUo free. striptim, eutdlso h-ae- kinigeteaid wib~athout ioa mii dryinvsocted -urpasxesdithouthe airtes on theotierWcraum-a ti nly reessarye Io beT Par!enla to be admiatred t& b et:wattrm,t be-,ca-oured Domsper'tietS m whichOfe toe ot n- teehi% oe euiul ase~~i.*~aetel hlled-1 O.ld !eu rot Cael-a vneikis-aqae - d3;Bod rfEETH.-CARTIVRIGUT DAVi8i rantdk SONSr,i -aciptone bu sio tle-strnget aidswih-accbrcy-nigdieverbered sartiulnrthe atura teeh. hth inform 2d.ioo. fle-ae teeth. ent~istafrerlyi Q~tds-~qna~ and3 Dreds ttioLne4ithout goldbonrofor, dutailey c from 1. t , by d.WHIToot, '"o'pERBe IS.A. Surperolon-er ti5t, 21. Sut ornlowertret, -lofeve. 'las'inu minralic teeth,wra" uponLseng~tifi srt5ip atop, is,edaf -All teel suppliedTHf the best, prs,adms nalentsil-n enlee prfetsalsfietin b~,vn. o caszInxade.-.prtt DAINTLEEL NOOT DESTRIPTION, of ToETcia WEBB,LS.A,Surgon-Detist,21, orthnmptof-th reetiBoonbiny-equsre~~~~~~~. tifcatetupnsitir rcles, at mspodraten SRTLIC IAUS TENAELLB D TefderETg, thegbedt,r wterantdo ueAeia metlue.utineralb , ippOnitelyU heerr vtha ony oithers, nauandoronmpen ostison tlaeli mO bront.Thfrsyn1a. pwherltooth -Sta, A4Bied n glsa, tretlywiteli enaeoly,fore dcapabed fontte hen'altie cohot and pf esrsona GARP L theld-etiabliohddntts 79.ulatcnhreprfhectlyretsity ad12, Due- werer ee, es uurpool u of2 sixed ariiial oteeth.ngs iTse drlgaues,ctv at' nye of mthe preio'asl vadsm-thd modes modhe sl and phea inhelooesslytogi loge onotesthpbrttne e,stcaton ofcasdpsiresunca., an,ad th nmu,y :1v' tOf spIecelsp of t orr"bal. supled-s ontireby av.ided ia tOh"i yte. GDnta lhesLio.Ht the guchs of capl atacste ieon latidte prHsessueoth Asutao, t.3he'rae. Louichws Plipve,ntd the ba-Royad aioly ofpractsd xas,-ely bro enor-stRee.A oveo-Ya. ALR08,5 l -Atl nsome-fro Regen-stret. -ITREDICIAL TEETH, self- SheSn, no-old~ oyal A efmetas used, nomitshping hut d r 5 per boxy or i §ullalcstiedin- puca small traie sthe onteriJOH capabLe ofaeuriOD. healTh,ee.Eomf-ortrte perombardppa-aste, n.arneialoadr culHio suressefetly restored thf whelaser holf-cent uncascou Pofusing partfculrnuiatehinTh doerstutv in tluence ofb resttatio,an gsl acimponvofmlasp, -wirhes hu-, ar and theinearn evy othspra specifgs fe *whole or half seebrts,aedo eice avowuided in athissystem o ntura bedhnIesionto theagumifuby capillary1 att1`1raction iud the preowur of the barda vspbie. whichrwas,ivne and ugahios ite lon upractisednit etiuclusIveb V. fInserefermo d e ith. haric ot. earych.dhoorte. perebof atai a-rentedwittoprhsec haplethe maers, miOHN iigoratiI E and Cotr 12i, i Thele yn-coutan Lit aop-street.n anrff nc enmu TI'~HE sccessfu result of thelamtes t half- e dislhaw poesesespeoniarlnourslsig poers n teagoth,brestod avounte an whis rers, aebrewer and mushose pteisanfalnt inter itsa ctuatibe duced wtho~ a'etere nca to irthe otairfedl chapildhood the siseaofti= oistiattende with tbae hoaopadri esectson and, duriabltug lander pur dying ino every instatce, ithdsel kissy and dausindru al, an rentdersin loceuryl,h thevuse a of thnesa coa freshea all clmathressi onlihe dislay iots incompaable rebts, other heas. l snguena stbihdfa voud yELRGrit is Indl Price'b3. -id and 7sg-, or, famil bottlemst(eual to four mall at2s. &p.ean double. ta iei.O h rpe fec ot LrBh wrsRWlsnd~Mcsa i, I inN twOA lins; Sold byA Rowlnd ad Sos, 0, iato-gade, Lonuon;andry by Barllchymst JQUnTIred, ISion-e.n mOrePermanen ather.lb., can be pro duced warithuwatryer,m nddnor lall irritation-adcpin of tbe I avoided doe no chp o mtat theN skin.AThe emulsonrienalsod met dli cioneweeb leavng a softeas, au breshee n s-ii. bengthne ondthellmi not ataasbe b ,ny oter mofeans. r founrfrctu ded-by UtaOE of ats Rigg, Srdkbal~, nd Rgge,II, ew-and-street, pracols. rod. u lie, Ed. per battl-e. - 1; aymrke BrAME n LEWa'sIDINE SOA is themheel fBrlleyin.psmrticegudirtaiso. gmas-rrwoi, forethkht, s, to 55, buarding-,tfreshorn,- CDlm-D-teSL-rce2.dutepi .K AGEiuls- ecTommenddfrAllyngoirritheatndufthengkin r I theenthair -newsoaprvery te oDperierHulto an therutolnt parte benbeautiful ly sel ill usreand e,gceablIM d Ired AIRbe DETRrE prdcigaolarad heatyskn, bing te od eltlo, s guapes- reknous haurferm and 3 Sn's, wax m andtalo chandles, w1ceo 'und toi mherans,kte. 80dto& -He.Ma5e. G&es-hIve0. 6d. parbmae,ea aplondon. Please Robrv thatr yeahL tablet aond stuar Eis snse; fLEVDEANBACs MIVLNUof CUCUMB fo -lgtL. layirgmrt and pentitsitatlin, f- zc sIs.us-as,freckles6dc,. aDd ptMgwEfrBeRhNAsolneto-h s1Ishr rc-s. Cr ent.) quhrter-ins,- Ae'seu TEXOTICY C fRteAM I.n nor fhe and srnthenDsae -theklf fheesr lreabsbere the caourmtmulnded the 3ntemwet ef imat faculatifelurigloshe Lst d eeetara the beaiurle dai ily, .x 9 turdl! W.oe- and 19. Aragd, -efsteet, S4.ral-nd.L in.r 31so 6.y e, hand Taitu PIp fn frteKwh.peevtor.= riemoing eoftetuair. of cAI g.rnte arms and hands,wln a -IEVLNTERs WALUUD HAOR DE pri1ce C NGal Gand Peranent tolqirts fomigthe clour,estaroen ted -blgh wt hoir and preetnt itpfll of.PIceri. etaordinar 6.intEs,u ehymint. odu, Sore-treleat, ienjury-touahe, London: alnd lalln -hehais m1ade.ol b m BERnAerD (Mi0,xfr-st Crpeeter, ne h ose s.uar LVO MssOTREATGREYToh HAIR, and oalthea ofese hai thekinoPtermc,anetb eoen o t reomegnded themost, eminen of tlah -haculT., durng -ShMatiers.Uni may boeconsulted daily, Isam 12 illg, preparmations rqurefor thurwhrservationirn dyingmif the bnate, bFir dye.-Pr HAre--w sara'y Ntee aindontALBER fA Thotuseo GO4, Pf-=114- LoELN4 Tnhass celebrate6cl u7.d,nlsin hmtogo6itdior.n aidt,a colouings matherocn invmlVtrouthed tbes wheeote airisgray tPs-ic e-Is d.en fef Ed.,Es,, e L worn Ed. 21asd-T. bylliott. haibreower,(Sr -flor 5chenhuretet -0ForwaerdedM. oo s.sceihtd ofpeasaip,, menedor re temstoring tr i the h tr.aatd pro oftin rathe growth of whisre l-tand musaches, oisad,t recesved rcentyros-isattacnhed. paditrondag iaeusua the el.s pitg posse rmIn bnotg sotiing hED mostDelic atezohead-don vt'llong.e-Adespt nodrth, Stra .b - nter&4owreb A1T WNT E'sLIQADUIDTHAI DYUSESpo. P natural anDY pranento molests from thejy infghithes brown t'batnthodor, orEN thE leAstJiUrto h hi o ki,levngte a soferan mreglss tanbeor th de asaplid.- aneOedan -mae oly y in.Winer,20, Ofor-sree, nar orina-sqar NIWTRUSS for HERNIA-F. WALTE"RS , tcalthe attention ofthe,se sfferin- rot bru iure to hismnwy Invee H YDROOiTATIO;TRIMs 11~ meu M a pd MkRl -witb waer tepesur is rendered uiifrn undder erers, and any- xovemett wic the body may be sOibjectel' This truss has mDet with t teostro tion from Mc, GP.Sgand other s=eures wheat Attention been especilydirected to I-he sbject of hemia.,ia nufacturer of Walters' oelebrated. Railway Coovenlenie, To be oh :taied only of F.Walters,1f'f, oosgate-sUtret, N.B. L6adle'ets-sans ntbph" oor.where.ferna.ew-ate - --- --- -- - 1Fyou value -health -and a' cloo fi"ue er FITCH='s PA6TENT CHEST-EXPANDING 'bRACES, for tboth sxes The7 prevent stooping-habiits. roundshoilde-r~. streng-then thelun3gsand'vOICe,-and asist the-growth. '- rio Ge. - Bald oulyat 66, Bermers-street-, Oxford-street.. Prospectu3 forwarded., - rIPOIETIC CORNand BUXION-PLASTER of in. vL,ialuabl,eefficacy for gtvintgimmieciat~e case, and an ultima'te cu*e of: all corns and bimions, however-lan; standing. These p'laster-s are patroolsed by the Royat-Fanitms- are strongly recommended by the faculty and soldby.most chysole~ ad drug6ists, A nactet forwarded direct ifume thse inventor, to any part of to4fwn or coiuntry, on receipt of _l4;:(st-ating if for corn or bunions)No. 1, plastter 'or smal!l corns, No. ~TEURALGIA, TicDorir)uusead-sche, . and all Rthenmatic Affectious. are erfectly era4Icated.,'ythe PAT.NT GA-LTA.I ICifA3MsndFLE3HH1iE h utse zimple;,- and- efficieatialanie instruments extant; patrontrzed by the facnlty,-Oflces, P,A. HERRING. l2, J3asn-ghai-street, Agents: Chid Sot Cal ry. Cyssalacel Savorrasad oora-;Atkinson, 24,Ol Bdd.tret;Fiserand Co.. ad Godfrey and Cao'Se, Ccduit- ~ Bens-Is 12,Tiehboouns-e-sriet, Tlrinberraw, 2, twerds- ~~~~~:Z&neai~ &andWsts-r, 2111 Oxford. wPil no deopoe-MAFeRmale to atXEnD onlde..WATER-LOSoET ,L,-or~,--P2ae.-n- den covered into comfortable waterclost, V th PAENT iRii TIALL-gRA.EDPAN, with its iel-idagtlv prvmiin~Is reurnf bldair or effluvia, Any sasenOranlxs-itdxticeo soir. rie£.Alohsct. - - __ __ I 1-11 - tb nr t ~~~~~~~~~~~fj ~~SLRsABI'cL4~~~s~~ ObaDli-aety Litre, sB~o~AITh4Fild mre a- nnerI man onaremsru- CAILGHAS, partraloptioian, 2~1a. New Bors-ateetco0r o Cudlt;tre~ Nle2gent forte cbrej tER*GLA~SES=t~The-enormoug--pjlze- of tne ~XJ oplaseein penrafreqeoentlt-renders them trotsblesomi eomp5iOnatlia15 -omodern- scineta diflEcVlt is now ohvi-sle.2 co j~~ of the-imroyedDohe Ts.ftte irEtramer'ts aecstu 'with12 lezs theOdxes nly oterimhInd aalf.MW.., The7 armee owerful nhelgetoea denthodTiCipito. htdt bead at £EYZOR arnd Bt.NDON's, (luteHerrisa:-.ti Soni.) P0,-1H0l. -Na,- Field Slaeses and- telescopes hin Ce,t -rariety. - T~~ELSCOP-MrE. 3-SOL0MO!NS, Patentee oE. ~LSpeeder 27,Old Boidl-etreetL Plocadilly, bAlxoadea. ~nor anda mo-t ioprtit iprvemntIn =BBEC-,FES for the waistcoat ~lseaodinu7pfwersh-5~a pfin's head toay be dearly difrcm.ed 1mm10 o 1 mies L'tnt~n4solhe tbreelnches lotw, nitith n'st+i eye-sec, wll howdsintY-JeDitee$-eateUltes,_Satssm's_rino, to. -nenet tbiete t disanefresiurto yemiles. Only to he hail.tt 27.Oldlou-steee I'cedily. ondn, imd9,assan-street, Dublin. -alta the York: etltel-apomnP to -enable persons a-. kn adacdAge to read w~ith cms ard to d=iseizinate obiects, with :perf.-_~t distk4sess. -im OOCN,otras ae net~ ~~ -s.~5ZS, ot Atse greatest transparent power. The ralusIlle-adrantage -deired -from--this iuventicax over thre n-ectacleS nowI in common: use is, thaLt insteadl of vrision beoig etrahi,ed, heated: weakened, and -in 21lmnerouts -cases- seriously tidi -it- Is iexrzed szd strsmtene snd-ery. aged persons are =I.ed to --employ their sight at the most minunte occupation; can sefe ritlk these lenses of-*-much Ion -magifying power - and they dao irot ro. glise thb froquent cman ge to the dangeron usedee of fuirther rpower. laslu. The,emot powerfidamid-brfiliant patenttersopcsefeld,. can±.)er~ive.opera and race giasses, to know the disfarce!. pos semgSceztraonTdlnnY POwer that 1006MefrM, 3; to S Ip,,hrs, 41t anu extra eye-ipiece, will show distinctly the Georgian~, iiths rs max satel" 7ileo4 Jupiers moonzSadturn'sun-=Anthe double stan - also a vrery smal poerfl w oatpocet-gas -the sine of awalnsst, to dliscern minue olec&sathe istnce f tomfsir o homles.Invisibleatill iUlknds of ac.ousicnstrument for relief ofextreme deafness. - TIOLLOWAY's OI1NTMEN~T.-The fiirst surgeonis Hof this oountry are generously rerotmeinding this celebrated O1XTMEN'T to their patienta and thepublic ;enerally, as an effocttaa cur,if6rh-ciundi,sores, aid ulcess, wben iffl other meiima have failed. Shd atll4i Strand. I ISEASEihDroughly ER-ADICATE D from tnie th huramsytin lhyKX&YEeWORISDELL's FILLS, which Fstfy thbbdadroEaotethebealthyaetion of thev6arionsorgans.5`il Ithrreghout the emplre, 3s' lid., 2s. %L, iand Is. d. tolesale depot, 2 Err-sd-street-- TIiHE )EV-ARTERIAL ESSEiNCE strenithbens T aileity bfte whole systemn. Of1its great elfilacy Dr. Williasnt Batheivr-hLn.S.E, IW1,aisulM.T.A.C., 1934, has the most lin equivoca testimonials frclmelergymenanad others. Dr. Batchbelour =aiy be osuoulted at 192. Piccadilly, from 3 tillS. The essenLce sold in bottler, 4e.&, 7l. and-33s:each. L 2'1)IGESTIOXN, Constipation, Irreguilarity of the tions oL_thse system ta their propef EtaId2- eidUl~d only b-y Mr. PRICHARD,, Apothecarr. a5 Oharine-crors, in bcttlies at Is. ltd., I ii 9d.. 4s. 6d., ils, and 21s. Also Pzichara's Aromratic Steel Pills,an acknowl ded specidio for all nervous debility.-in bDxes 2s. Zid. each. 8ensorlooon, Hayinsy.63. Oxford-street; ConsEtanc_ S7, I*aden- C OCLE'sCOMPUf~DAXTBILIOUS PILLS-. fressetreurencin-bot clmts her the dgtive organs, andi more,especially the liver. are subject to siuch suidden and irTegular in-' crease of their functions that they often form the 4exciting cauise of theo fata enemi fevr pcular o llthee climaties. To ture3eanthesesufreoms,fcontmplatingaesideceaboroa, and inake whseuperioritd ovr c offtiet aneienty in rheurd sreatentoGzsmtheiong h stomachnl andtrgis goatinh sbecretionL fsciaec,Ccl' diallts, iEasecnien fthyecrurmnd edi heationo. stod the of bo blivcopsuledndfo naerlye w60 yers. de ro-g? stred only byntue JAME taouKI surge ion, ar, gnuiew b OmNdStRee, -AnsORDl, alledlCo..77 Setlrair, Lonone, t Dr. lde.onh, as lfr cod. siJnee3OinL-P ciedwith cmanepleteaonienceyand tae. etst -c ceNb.tef-Acultyfont puit.pedy.G -anOTifrmeli.c-.rornihe OteLarcety in1 the hratmen elof cmen tythiu, bronceautifu, as thm gout,v rhtteumtsm snrdcediatia diEabee, diessof Oxodtrethetshinrfo w-,miga, ricear,ingfbytile watig gcsineal fdeilit, andy allre Qt r,rlo-r - f-etons. oldEnly In botles casue anfodeaheledwth DrC. dheJonghle smpand sot-ignoatre, sithoud whichi none and gddenun, yL SA VVAgee;IN Th PoLAtCES.- Aly rettestable Poym st r. d f-urz- oic in tr Godureerenoe.y Mr. 2an, ofuOfor-street. Whgethre-r f WETnn,remn byRS ha sndgoocasouna weeding,te aire chitar.r Walle&-BNausU AI-19,Ofratreet. is. fdo. he b-ttl T-umSETNrIItSllina, gentleman's family.Goo breavst Po- Y mtle'. Good rue!ence-d .D.2, ensreet. Edgewrsre-rd.l _NUr,E NUI 1ER, a sigr younak woan ad' First child. 'Y1Good bhreaste.A of. 22.k Gvsoonplaaenes- Ki)`-cr&m ,Eenrt s5roet, WiIIior .itueete peredoxper-eocdd I'. Il,luiny's. 14, ue-street E,g ar-.'rhad.2,Abins. H l-k -I NTUtRSE (UrrEt. AgO 23. take yearsef' gioo cinr thr- _Larer-&e. t,Lsonieyeats,dnemw-rod. near cimeire-roadn.Tw -~UIiAEUPPERi, or to taie onyo,n lady's jra chtid TeaOsgoddhhaaeratrST.MrsA 0.22 Wsonp ace- &igs-r, s IN- ren Not eenor' beorsek eeer. Exerofienc.Rd.- jURSE. From : the] countr. Four e~ars'teifelyen N'E cearat ebr.ater-Ml.-KW .0blarha's, 24. Farbl-str., htgeLV-k.1r 1TVRE(SEAID ) Or Unde tauEemaidg.o tgo 1ri.Tee ulontheg;&l years oldM Lod upwante aoe NeusirIon. Tre. rE.rr-kin chece-Er.owin',pstotc.LitePssxpae A7It SER OND), ortom wait con yoAg de 1-. Fou -~ - ears' go Di caate.S youn 111r,sDais's 10, Htniets-e23e, racte~r (UNDER)aiV. Agpsie th. Usre d t:owan. eti fon of lii d AI.Do,be ou.t at beone- B.,unewra:-ercsf, 9n Bade-ou o heat`Xbatl. Greenwich ouh. Vaes ADTI SEMAID t a ong plersyon. Wo2-lc Noarrtfrdly - Ecele nt chzctraoGer-.. 5, GrovepLsbsm, 11r, Por-ioer._ eet-,s -'DTUS-MAID, or Yundeg osmi. Ae1.1 and dsmnontrs'A.nR.cHurster-~M Servhamitnts Hme, chelse-qa L Pnerfetlyhfulde From thes country- A ge 1-. Wrhconr. Hallefrec-park,4 Idtlla Omaid-s-hill,_sdicn.___ j-UIThooElt~M1,ayunoung isersotn.-S l2., Secnm;tt.h'S..23 uabielz Rolsbuldim cterlhancerydanv. ADY'ISElAtItlS o Ex erienc om.~aed. hcoug Frodr-tnd ha'oudry Agre ssCakng. ork wettingher inaelie Two yers l,a- - ADYSr-MYl, Ahla poid nde Htoisekadeow,Ieyteem, Esex ;~ADY%ArA or teondAai,orn NTdlad wom,inapious g' tmaID Thoro.Uglunderstands drm n.hnrIersduies &. Mtebenes. Good,cAlbcert-. t. eyrsaca We&Lbrdet.ouepa ytrelent caraceren. I. .Grore-lso. Lssnayoe. ADV S MAID, or Young Ladi6e'-mai .ino obofl4cin and d lesnea 3dersta. ii., Hursts. Sou rehamlna.lsl-,. Thnr ro-lanr yT_ADVs- MAID, Young Ladiee'-anaid,e- Need,lc-.onja; r. jLI Perfae ctlyrne o Lr twonds d Wreuatng. FAgeclt7y ntbeontard 1rI. - 1~ADY's-:sAID, or Young Ladliea'mnll, eu erso-n. AtJY'SMAID. Experinc edso. ThrUn6lystanders htir hanreilaie . dressmalkng,and-getting up linellcrners.exeallent TADY' S-AD.Madad Huske greo on L,de mang id,amyueu exp erienced inbadesn res-kras. eAdgeV32 gAcus- HJp linen GmitchenrsaI, ler-er- . 5 rraeotKnet, amp.ridslgo ~ a -L h.D s'IIAiD. Understandshairdresing, flGodlIi-ery UndatePerstand hairodresinEX, 1dresmknJt, fyo. jr-oif-am character. Agei5.-igh gFn. -ees..Jin-se 71AD-Y's-mAID, or Young Izd~ics'-maiq5 a3 3ct;r.g pler-or, .12 from'the country. Good referemcco.E. GL, 4D, Ycrk-qtr,et5 1'e-r suan-eunaram Ij aidresig,and neodtLworkof every dt-ciplion.-R&Jz;1oyl'4 -T- AsY's-arAnD. ,Perfectly uniderstands hiss' f11n,sInes. iJ A-young person. Fiv,e rars' excellent ehr,aaefr. Tow, I-rreftr*red.-A B1.,3. Wlton-crescemmi. BOgriv- qUIre. T -j AT)i 8-5AID.' Age 30. Thorossghl3Ty uders~tands here AU2 dutits 31 ytLWcr' haracter. Acc-ustomed to trarrt,c Town or coztptry.-M A.. 5. WeRtbourlewstroets, ton-Kmure. - 14A1 or eedewonmn, Unidesa s drentaksg.j ~ Wiltsgo ma.-eherselfgeneraliy usefu. OSr ftravel or go abecul LADIES-sn&mto toor.treyug nfT7i oHaoer, age 17. Unrlerst,.ndai,rsignilk -iouiaG LADiE'--mAID in a nhcunsfml,o L Ay wait on an invalid. Good mieedlewmn odc-roe.Wl makcielerlLJfgeneraliyns.ful.1-II.-1. I,Pr-erc,Ieetepa --vO'U-bG LADIEES'-NAID.Kn leeofardein 1and dresumaki-ng. Two years'goo hsetr-.B,I r'', -yOUiGLDrTi'--MAD a' UderLady's.niaid. Well morAt' hsmncte. FG.. Wash arld Tmetmi'A,' X7~OU2G LAD~'-31ID orIfossemaid and to aton yCUh-G.LADX -s'.MAID. gUnerstnds Goi-ehsmaractg, - -N. P * mmena'. stslisner, Grosvenor-street, nCiiw ~TIL.L- ROOM- AT~ ,or Housemaid in a gentlenla-l' kftnihuly, a young s,-son.' Two years good chr=c'er.-J. WV., liT'S butter-Mua,' GImsot*oep-seroet, Regent-stret. -XNTEfEDLEAVOMAN and Yorwo LADjIj~--M%ATi7 -wiouXt~
SALES BY AUCTION. Sta.nford-hill, Westbonrue-terrace, Park-lane, and Bury-street, St. St. James's. IR. V. J. COLLIER will SELL by AUCTION, at 1 Y the Mart, THIS DAY, at 12 for I precisely, the valuable LEASEli OLD PROPERTY lately advertised in the daily papers. Order of Sale. 1. A moderate-sized Residence, with coach-housed and stable, atStamford-hill, Middlesex. 2. Two superior Residences, with coach-houses and Stabling, in Westbourne-terrace. 2. Two Residences and several sets of Coach-houses and Stabling, in the vicinity of Park-lane. 4. A commnoeons Dwelling-house, with workshops in the rear, in Bury-street, St. Jai-es's. 3. Moorgate-street. FreeholdEstate, Mlaize-hill, Greenwich, forinvestment or occupation. 'tR. ELLIS respectfully informs the public that this Ill mPRJPE:RTY was NOT SOLD, at Garravay's, on Vednesday and may therefore nowv be treated for by private contract. The five reuaning lots wvere all rolcL-150, hlinories, April 23. Bond-street-Seeond andPselect Portion of the importation of Au- busson Carpets.-On view. ESSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by AUC- . LYTION. at the Rooms, No. 21, Old Bond-street,THIS DAY, April 2ith, and To-morrow, at 1, the costly AUBUSSON and DRESS CAItPETS, about 60 in number, and varying in size, suitable to a drawingroom or boudoir. Thegracefuldesigns andharmonious blending of colours ia these carpets is remarkable, and they are adapted either to first or secona class houses. Every carpet in the former sale was sold, and it is the intention of the owner to conduct this auction on the same basis. There wiiU be also some beautiful portieresk,tapestries, sofa covers, &o. On view, and catalogues had of Mdeesrs..FostS4 54, Pall-mall. ImPortant Sale.-Eope Foundry and Steam Engine Works, Burnham, Bucks, near Maidenhead. 51%R. PREECE is instructed by the Proprietor thlr. J. Moreton) to SELL by AUCTION, on the lremises, May 5th and 6th- the whole of the valuable MACHINERY, stock in trade, and working plant, including five first-rate stearm engines, one with combined threshing and winnowing machine, four-horsepower steam boiler, four excellent iron lathes; patent chaffeutter for steam or horse power, all the fittings and tools of foundry and smith's shops, and several other valuable effects, as wi be described in catalogues, which may be had on application to the auctioneer, Maidenhead, Berks. Mlagnificent Zebra-woodTable, 11 ft. 6in. byS ft. 6iu., in one slab, from the Paris Exhibition of 18SS, Funniture, Square Pianoforte, aCamera, Gas Chandelers, and other Effects, by order of the Executors. 1~jrR. ROBERT REID will SELL, at his Rooms, .LVL Great Marlborough-street, on Monday, Ap-it 28, at 11 for 12 precisely, modem FUItNITURE, compristeg a drawing room suite in rosewvood of lo, card, occasional, fancy, and other tables, sets of chairs, sideboards, cheffoniers, rtet of diningtables, chimney and pier glasse. Brussela and other carpets, French and Arabian hedstoa#lo with hangings, bedding, wardrobes, cheste of drawsers, basin-stands, dressing tables, and toilet glasses, itehen requisite, and other effects. fMay be viewved on Saturday, and catalogues had. 3,000 tons of Calcined Ironstone, 12 Railway Muck Waggons, Three Draught Horses, Mletal Rails, a Pony Chaise, and numerous Effects. *IESSRS. PLEWS and WALL are directed (by the ,LYAssienees of Mr. W. EHsam) to SELL by AUCTION, at the Bugbrook Ironstone Works, Northamptonshire, near the Weedon Station of the London and North-Westem Railway, on Tuesday. April 29. at 12 for 1 the above EFFECTS and miscelancous ITEMS: including beech planks, elm boards, barrows, rod iron, ranNil, two 6-ft. grinding stones, abeanrmil and.block, a level, picks, forks, rakes, riddles,ha3mmers, crow-bars, and otier utensils, patent bricks, drahinng pipes, tiles, 1C. May be viewed the day prior to the sale, and catalogues had at the place of sale; at the principal inns at Veedon and Northampton; and of the auctioneer, 34. Poultry, and Clapnam-road, London. Household Furniture, Pianoforte, and Effects, removed from Kilburn. M ESSRS. SPILLMAN and SPENCE will SELL T. by AUCTION, at the Auction Rooms, 9, Upper St. Maritmslane. THIS DAY. April 25, at l2, the capital modern HOUSEHOLD FUPNITURE ; comprising iron bedsteads and bedding, winged wardrobe, the usual bed room fittings, mahogany cheffoniers with marble slabs, rosewood and mahogany chairs, couches, and easy chairs, loo aud other tables, chinmey-glasses, 60 piccolo pianoforte in rosewood case, pictures, engravngs, miscellanies, china, glass, and kitchen furniture. On view, and catalogues had at the rooms; and at the auctioneers offices, 42, Bell-yard, Temple-bar. No. 104, Ebury-strcet, Pinlico.-Modern and handsome Furniture. M R. GEO. BERT's ARRANGEMENT of SALE M by AUCITION, at E;ennett and oleUy's Rooms, THIS DAY, at 12 for 1 (property removed from 10, Shaftesbury-terrace. by order of the Executors of the late Mr. Wilson, and & Ebury-street, also of a large establishment near Eccleston-square), wil take place as follows:_ This Day.-The FURN'ITURE of eight bed rooms, three drawing rooms, twvo pianofortes, engravings, dining room and library, breakfast oom, plated articles, china. glass, and kitchen items; oil paintings and ornamental property. To norrow.-The Furniture of several bed rooms, draw,ing anddining room furniture, engravings,bagatelleboard, and wine. The wine will be sold at 3 o'lock. On view. Catalogues on the premises g and of the auctioneer, 5, Rochester-terrace, Vauxhalibridge-road., P'imlico, Capital Household Furniture, a pair of 12 and 8-light Cut-glass Chan- uehers, noble plate Glasses, and a fine Model of the Iris Cutter, fully rigged. ESSRS. BULLOCK vill SELL, at their great JJL Rooms. 211, High Holbom, To-morrow, at IL good modem HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, including Arabian, French, and fourpost bedsteads and mattresses, winged and dwarf wardrobes, carpets of various kinds, an eegant drawing room suite of silk cortains couches, and chaus, cabmnets with silvered glass panels, beautiful walnut-wood tables, clocks, and ornamental items, bookcases, three long rtet of dinner tables and chairs, sideboards, plated articles, an ironstone dinner service, a rocksing-horse, ead various effects, also counter scales, show-glasses, and fittings of a confectioner. May be viewed, and catalogues had. Important to Smaa CapitalLits, MR. 1W. F. HAMMOND will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart. on the 29th of April, at 12 for I punctually, the following PRoPERTIES :-' No, 29, Compton-street, Brunswick-square-- lease 49 years; No. 27, Storey-treet, Caledonian-road-lease 8S years: No. 26, llizabeth-terrace, Caversham-squaro-lease 90 years; Nos. 1S and 19, Little Europa-place Battersea-bridge-lease 95 years' Nos 7 S 01 10, Ashmole-place, and Btabling, at Keningiton-lease foyears and 23 lots of freehold building sites at Highgate and Norwood. The conditions provide to allow part of the purchase money to remain on mortgage. Particulars and conditions of sale to be had of Edward Clarke, Esq., solicitor, 29, Bedford-row * at the Auction Mart; and at the auctioneer's offices, 3, Carey-street, Uincoln's-nim. The Third Portion of the Abbey-house Estate, Bermondsey, Surrey.- 24 eligible Freehold DweeUing-houses, land-tax redeemed, lI-. F HUMPHREYS will SELL by AUCTION, at M'Garraway's, on Mlonday. the 28th imst., at 12, by order of the surviving Executor of the late Mir. George Stevens. in separate lots, 24 newly-built FREEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSES, with yards and gpurtenances, forming the whole of Prince-street, Bermondsey, near e Old Church. Rentals £828 per annum. PartUculass, with lana atmexed, to be had of Mr. Joseph Fintonm the Executor, 16, Rileystreet, Russell-street, Bermondsey: MTr. Phillips, collector to the estate, 166. Bermondsey-street; 'Mr. Fredk. Hatton solictor, 17,Essexstreet, Strand; Mr. Thoa. Humphreys, solicitor, I, EasF, India-chgrr bers, Leadeahall-street; at Garraway's; and of the auctioneer, 61, Leadhnba1-street. 2,000 dozenof splendid beessing Port, guaranteed aU of one quality, Sandeman's rand and shipping, vintage 1840 bottled in 184S-6, the Broperty of a private gentleman. for absolute Sale (JINNOCKn and GALSWORTHY are favoured xwith instructions from the Proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Mlonday, May 5. at 1 ureiely, the above extensive anid important CELLAR of PORT W5LNE,now lying where it was bottled in a vault, inTweezers-alley,inMiord.lae, strand, where itmay be inspected and sampled, and from whence it will be delivered. This wine was purchased by the present owner during the panic of 1845 was immediately bottled, and has since been bing undisturbed in the vault where it was laid down, the owner haring resided for many years oS the period abroad. The wine is of verY fine delcate qualty in_s-len did conditon: good colour, superior Savour, dry, and fuM of Sees wing. It be sold from one m=rPle, and the bullk guaraiiteed of equal character to that tasted, and wrill be lotted to sWuitboththe trade and private gentlemen. Messrs. Chinnock and Galaworthy beg particularl to direct the attention of the mube to this extraordinary and genuine sale at a time when wine of such a charaoter is only to be obtamed in small quantities, at fabulous prices. Hotel proprietor*, club-houses, and the trade generally will find this sale particoLarldesereing ff,O their especial notice. Sample bottles wvill beoettoaa paR of the country upon proper application to Mleas.n Chinnock s.n Galawvorthy, the auctioneers, 2 Rlegent-street. N.B. The wine will be carefully sampled at the ahetion. City.-By order of the Sherifli-Elegant Houn. old Furniture, includ- ing two brilliant-toned 6-octave Cottage Pianofortes in handsomo walnut and rosewood cazes, a costly Drawing Room Suite covered nn Utrecht velvet, a magnificent carved Spanish mahogany Side board fitted with plate glass. fashlonable Bed Room Furniture wrought-ironChest, Glasses, Carpets China, Glass, ce,, andnumte, rons valuable Effects. A portion by order Of the Sheriff nogether with another Property. To be sold without reserve. I i R. GEO. LEWIS begs to announce he has receivedl M Instructins to SELL by AUCTION, at the Sale Rooms. 69, Queen-street, city (two doors from NewCannon street) THISDA,Y 2^th April, at 12, the whole of the elegant FURNITURI, &c., includ;ng a costly walnut suite covered in Utrecht velvet, elegant carved cheffoniers and tables, rich velvet carpete, noble chimney glasses, icollection of valuable proof prints and paintings, two brilliant-tnedcottage pianos, and numerous drawing room elegancies, handsome Spanish mahogany dining room, library and bed room appointments, includin% sets of chairs, loages, ana easy chairs covered in morocco, two no^le sets of telescope dining tables andsome carved sideboard fitted with plate-glass, bookcare, hbrary table, &e., noble four-post and Ala. blan bedsteasds fitted with damask hanging,s, lrimes oose-feather beds, noble winged wardrobes, chests of drawers, double and singl wahsbtands, carpets, glasses, bidet7 &c., culinary utensils, fow out-doo stems lie. May be viewved the mornhng of sale, and catalogues bad of chabers ;of MUr. Phipt,SrilFe ffier,p ei-ll nd o metheset- A. 6ellux of excellent WInes and Frechrnd MR PHILIPS wll SEIL by AVOTION, at hix preis 6t NXLA f h Ic e W S: oonslsing oi about 90 Tor vtaule~on Andengoldrea ahndite.;1 o.o molde DautIndiae3 Mandu F drenh. rr coilled,cated guh Lafitre, o Hat Clap, M -0sic'mmnod. Ch3 P HnE, LibyaCrst lavfe tos annouoce thatThe winesal Incllr na BAUerTIoe, atr whenc Gahery NwI Bend-stvredt, and may e riwed iresoual. A, th AollonC n to liqTeur, andil days receing,and aso ath colleod. J3FI. . Ite includbesAcetltue,a the VignsmohU u t dem. Dbyh Frinnis, andiit subenct,oksclce by Muioohten r-layerri, by D.,Tne ofrCs-om teSowe Poeti he aiLviPyan Desleave tromanuc the rL yatzher two aitalexday, lesri and othr cleiy terpduto A fromtION pe 0!o the Brhm A. Vanderveldle A. Cuiyp WouvTermans Idieris Ketseher G. Dow aknye Ostade Metzu Do Hooghe Wata SchaIlken Vanderheyden Denner Panini, ko. The collection of modern Dtch, Flemish, andFmechPicturesincladee mnyg capital works by the following masters: C. etsomnier Koeckoek De WYilde VanL HOve AySheffer Verbeekhoeven J. Leebrucher Bafcop Va Lys C. Blanc Winnig Van Hammsekc. Bryanston-square.-Excellcnt Furniture, a costly P'ianoforte by Broad- woods, Ornamental Clocks and China, a few Pictures, a smail cellar of choice Wines, and Effects of the late Captain Probyn. l/R. PHILLIPS is instructed by the Execntrix to B ELL by AUCTION, on the Plremises, 21,1Bryanston-square. on Saturday, the 3d, and Mond[ay. the 5th of May, at ipreisely each day, the excelent modem FURNITURE, including adrwing room suite of crimson silk damask curtains for four wIndows, the sofas, settees, and chairs covered with the same; a sofa table, with Sevres plaques, and other rosewood tables and cabinets, a costlyv repetition grand planoforte, in rosewood case, by Broadwoods, tw-o fine old macqucterie comn- modes richly mounted, expensive glass lustres for 16 lights each, ornamenalclocks, Orientalm andFenh chinavases, acapital set of diaing tables 15 feet by 5 feet 3 inches, in SPanish mahogany, aledestal sideboard and 1S chairs in gren moroccD, a lofty boolcase 9 feet wide. handsome table services of china and cut glass omplete for 18 persons. The chamber furniture consists of Spanishm mhogany winged and other wardrobes chests of drawers, wash and dressinlg tables handsome fourpest and iron bedsteads, excellent bedding, and the requisites of the domestic oltices. Also a smail ceilar of very choice wines, consisting of old Port, Sherry. and East India Madeira each 20 years old, and emaill cluantilesa of Steinberg and Johannisberg Hock-, Champagtne, and old Whi=. MWay be viewed Friday preceding the msal, and catalogues thehd on the premises; and at Mr. 'Phillips' offices, 73, Newv Bond- street. OCarming modem FrnhPictures. R.MPRILLIPS be% to annouce t'hat he will MLbA.UCTION, at Gallery, NewIBond-street.on Tuesday. May 0. at 1 precisely, a CABINET of SIXTY maodem PICTUJRES by distinguished painters of the French school, the property of a foreign nobleman; including work-s by the following charming painters :- Chaseevent Gab-I Gulsi,lesI Ma=roh Carolus Hervier Mrintfallet Joh-not Fichel P'derus R MUller P. Caron Cli. Fort Saimon Fauivelet Meozn, Gud Brendel Fival Lormay. &C. May b)e viewed Saturday and Monday preceding the sale at Mr Phillips's rooms. A Cabinet of valuable Ancient and Modem Pictures, the property of a Gentleman. RIF. PHILLIPS is instrticted to SELL by AUCIL TIONI at his great Booms. New Bond-street, on Tuesday,Ma 6. at 1 o'cioodq a email COLL'ECTION of choice CABINET APiC TUItES, selected with taste and judgmnent from the Dutehi, Flemish, and French echools, including several very pleasing portraits by Mierveldt, Vanderhelst, Jansens, Sir P. I,ely, Mipnsr; a Holy Family, charmingly treated, by N. Poussin- St. Catherine, by Mfarinari ; land- scpsby oucheron Hobbima, Vernet and Nasmyth: a Gale, with Fimig foats, by J. RCL W. Turner; and other examplesaby Jerome BoaS C. Maratti Miering Ince Classeas Poelemberg J. Holland Do Writte &o May bo viewed Saturday and Monday preceding the sale, anti ca'talogues had at mr. Phillips's. The elegant Fur-niture and Decorations of a gentlenmans residence, in the Regent's-park. ljR. PHILLIPS is instructedi to SELL by AUC±LLTIOIT, at his great Roomns, New Bond-street. on Wednesday,M1,ay 7. at I precisely, the superior modem FURNITURE, tastefully designed in walnut and rosewood. for the drawing rooms, covered in silk aedL velvet, decorative buhl cabinets, or-mionli and Svrese clocks, candelabmas and china, a brilliant-toned pianoforte anid double-action harp ; the dhiiag room and library furniture is manufactured in the best manner in Spanish mahogany; the chamber appendages are in mahogany and birch wood, and include Arabian and iron bedsteads and excellent bedding, marble-top and other washatands, toile tables, cheval and other glasses ; the Brussels, Turkey, and Axmiiistercarpecs are nearly new, andl adapted to the several rooms of a first-class ressdeace. in the Regent's-park, from whence this proper'ty has been raraoved. May beviewvedMonday and Tuesday precedinigthe sale,anI catalogues then had at Mr. Phillpgsa. A valuable Collection of Pictures, the prope o a gentleman resident in the west of Englad lIF .PHILLIPS is instrulcted to SELL by AUCi.3J.T-ION, it his great Resins, New Bond-street, on Tuesday, May 13, at I precisely, a valuable COLLECTION of ancient and modemn English PICTURES, among which wil be found abeautiful cabinet work, the Dream of St. Jerome, by Guergino ' the Slat-e Quarry, by Mouherbourg; E-di usCursing hisSon,byPicArersll . h Shrine, by Howard, MLA; Devotion, by Ollil arkViA.w in .;tcena by . H V. Turner, R.A.; the Cavern of Neptune. by J. Vernet; an Exeir an early picture by Mulready, R.A. ; and other clever works by the following admired artists. A, Cano Asselyn Frost Mlorland Tempesta Vesheyden Danby Gainaborough J. Steen Cuyp Chambers Williams Ostade Moucheron Pyne Iambert, May be viewed Sa' urday and Monday preceding the sale, and catalogues then had at Mr. Phillips's. Capital Italian, Dutch, and Flemish Pictures, the property of Air. Thomas B. Brown, late of Howland-street, Fitzroy-square. R' . PHILLIPS begs to announce that he is in-3 1structed to SELL by AUCTION, at his great Rooms, New Bond-street, on Tuesday, May 20. at 1 precisely, the ITALIAN, Flemish, Diutsh, and Fr-ench PICTURES of the highest class, the property of Mfr. Brown, long known for his taste and judgmient in con. nexion with the fine arts. Am2on3gthe leadingworkswhich distinguish the collection may be mientioned-the Salutation,an important pictulre, by Gaudenaio di Ferra,a- the Yirg~in Enthroned, with thLe Infant SaviouranidSt F~rancis, by~Fra artolomeo; aLandscpe Cattle, and Figures, a grand work, byAlbert Cuyp ; the BlacksmithShop, by the same admairable artist; Portrait of the Burgomster Vandergutcb, by Ruhens; St. Sebastian, by Francia, an Exfterior and other examples by Jan Steen,- Bagpiper, by I). Teniers; Interior, by A. Ostde; Landscage andi Figrs by Wonivermans; two portrits of Casino de Medici and his Wifeo, hyy Bronzino; together with othea clever works by Titian Honthorst Beerstraaten R. Wison, P. Veronese Rtembrandt L., Van Leyden Greuze Velasquez Rubens Terburg Vestier. May e viwedaturday and Monday precedingthe sale, and cata0ge= te beda r. Phillips's. Capital Modem Funniture,noble Glasses, Pianojfortesf -everyd-ess,p tion, decorative itemns, and numerous effects, lIESSRS. OXENHAM and SONS winl SELL by TJi UTO,a hirtooms, 353, Oxford-street. near the Pan-. thoo. TIS A~d at11 for 12 punctually, the capital modem FUltITUR, cmpriingwalnut-tree and rosewvood drawving roomn chars soas cochs,and easy chairs, tables of every kind," inlaid cabnet, cimny gasos, o., mahogany dfinfing room and librar chars cochs,andeay cais,pedesta and enclo%ed sideboarcjy, nobe st o diingtabes,iSi, b bt., several smiaMir sets. bookcases, suits o cutais, ran, cbint,oottage, anid piccolo pianofortes, pos, ad sconarybedsteads and hangings with bedwigdadpli wardrobes, drawers. rashsatads, dresIn tales glsse, d., himeyglass, decorative items, a capital I DoIl-etdruga n e thans,kthnrequisites, and numerous effects, Ma evee nThrdyadmmn Of sale, and catalogues hd Valuable Reversioni to £6 828 12s.TreprCn. Reduced, and £7,264 Ss. Sd. Three per dbnt. Conses,aobeaMotaeDebt of &I O0O and the Sum of z272 Is 9d. iAE§SRS. OXENHAMd and SONS will SELL by ItAUCrIO,N, at the Auction Mlart, on Toisday. May 13, at 12, in one let, by order of the Executcrs of the late John Chowiis, Rzem, theo A-BSOLUTE REVERSION expectant on the decease of tlee survivor oi two married women, aged respectively 19 years and 36 years to the SUM5 of £6,823 12. Three per C-ent. Rteduced Bank Annuities and £7,24 I. 64 Thee er Cnt.ConslidtedBankl Annuities; also the Revesio te Moigae Det o £1000secredon lands in'Lincolushir, o th amle ein, ad te Rverionto the Sum of £172 Is. 9d. M Sarylebonc.-Aii old-established and very imrvbe Public-hoesw I ~~~~and Wine-vaults. witpossin l%,ESSRS. FIELD and FAIT F L are directed T I bytlie proprietor,M%r.Edinonds,tobe hELLbyAUCTION, at Gar. raway's, oin Tuesday, April 29, at 12, unless previously disposed of by Iprivate contract, a truly valuable LEASE, for upwards of 5O years. at the moderate rest of 60guineas per annum, of the LORD PO TM.AN1 avantaguerousl situaoteda Rthelcornero Brandey-t Errablishand,Upper bruly eocoviableintu leation, ithavey fLodn ex enivfrngtaghe inncboth ofGaehrhstreets and arKiacdi tecntrg Wilan-smmense nighbourhodit pofc aEcarctRaS mutIneLitably teFuAI oTHeUL pucaer ao lare bqusinesno thepbesthdsciti they bre viewtuced 10dys praior bhe theyearswhen parbmticlr may pbei hOMPdITONtepeissas at Garravs n'Mnay,s and of athe2 aucineers,a acrertaleoffernabrgpae,i thew-entiead, Arvaer sueronrataLES fndrned ReailWis, and Sithevr Es6tablshent, or trULyS,envirableysitation in the.Clty of Lodo,hein atbthe junction, n ofnriallecnhue-etroptondling Tillam-sremies, whith imedesbtniatelos throughoqut,aintdh pobsec tat theyam istreuisted byr Mar.yn Ban the pro-. prieorn, whoenisvetiring fromarkbusnes arfiterban ocupaestion ofanearlys2 thayadvaatage.ounlesstanfaccepfrbleaoffertbeadingth frmeantim madeiaby ptrivate tonthet rarLAEfre,a therefhrbfodn vrery aodvantates fren cofVAuLtS,g a w lyoesa plaed inT Yoevistwed then aboveriunction,h and, directlydantingithe immense honlogihfwithatcuas Londonbrde, situatione univledi the mutinetssnbropols.eTh pewremises whrichuware sabston thel premuit about 25 yezaars.sne mo ra et,i xeln re throughout and porssess Pallc thatisrequisitlfo careryingsondth well- knaownretesie Pandt rlemarkablygroun,itaconsbusincess; they havpetalo ofee b the Sreartherof Thnereyafrigget datgsfrcn ductnL hLEsal tandeSO Mayre virewted ten aSEprio be thAle, by apiO~lontaihecardmseonl,which, wthepatmiculars,maybenOtrained Pftealactie es saugpse e-road; rxo-il,on y par ticlr als en lt,the Waube stunn ryltsta PAlaE RIASeantse,-usMaeil and Efet;compi-n tabot s0 feent tof clmear the groulknd, uosequemncelofthe compleertion of thew Sisbeath3 am Tnel.i(4fe 6a)frtnelig iha h aboiutokcmpee3,000 feet of tibripautndueful ecantizerngtbs, 250 feet rim wruht Rirhon,disrap,paes,r and boels 100.000 newbrcks,tbrick andmrnin II-Ofi.Ctalgus haDE on th Le pess at the Crown iVI Lo1ndon, on Tuesday, Mlay 6:-LJot l. The Breovsry wfith 12 imu and publc-houses a moiety of thye Cricketers Tavern ani one licensed Beerhouo. Lota. The Grayhound Commercial Hotel. withinp and atabing. in George-street, Richmond, Surrey. Lot 3. The Roebuck Hotel, Richmond-hil. Iot 4. The Chaise and Horses Inn, with stableg, and twvo Cottages at Sinaiberry-green, between Brentford and Hounslow. LotS. lNine newly brickbulit Cotes and a Dwaeing. houlse, near lot 4. Lot 6. A Dwelling-house and Shopin George-street, Richmond, Lot7. AFreeholdbiick-hulit Cottage inWhitscroes-row, near the Brewery. Lot & Ditto, adjoining. Particularmasbeob tainedat the Auction Mart; of Messrs Rickards and Son, solictors, 2,Crown-court,Old Broad-street; of William Bmythe, EBo., sellciter,12, Serle-etreet, 1incoha'S-iunn: of Mtessrs. J. ando. Allen. soliciters, 17.Carlisle-street, Boho: of Mcssrs. Tooke, Ifallowes, and Price, solicitors, 39, Bedford'row:; of Thomas R:aster 1ewis, Esq.. amlaitct, 9~, John-street, Adelphi, London: and of Mfr. Pig50tt, auctieneer, valuer, and estate agent, George-street, Richmnond, Surrey. To Hotelkeepera. Capitalist and others. R E. CHARLES FORCE will SELL byAUCTION, .IVJ_ byorder of the Proprietor, whoisretiring from business, on the Premises, on Friday, the 23d da,' of MAay next, at 3 precisely (unless previously disposed of by Private Contract, of which due notice will be given), the we -kno n ROYAL CLARENCE HOTEL, situate in the Cthedral-yard, Exeter, occupied by the owner, who has forupwards of 30 years past carried on thereon a lucrative and flourishing business. Thehotelcomprises aspaeiontandconvenientpublicroona,unedforbaus,e concerte, meetings, dnners, &e., cspital reception, sitting, anddrawing rooms, and bed rooms, approached by a noble staircase, also large and commodious kitchens, cellars, outhoases, and offlces, and a oonvenient bar, vwith small parlour attached, likewise shop, fronting St. Marti'Wslane, let at a rental of £20per annum; stabling and coach-houses of ample proportions near, belong to the property; there are also rooms, hitherto occupied withthe hotel, the tenancyof which might doubtless, if thought desirable, be continued by a snucessor. Aportionofthe property Isheld der the Dean and Chapterof Fxeter, for thercsidue of a tenn of 30 years, which conimencedin 180, renewable every 10 years. on payment of a reasonable fine. and subJect to the annual rent of £184s.4d. ; the remainder Is fee-imple. The hotelisdelightfully situate in a quiet, healthy, and central locality, with readv access to the principal streets, ban}k, shops, markets, raway station kc., has for seine Years been known as te prm-'---l Famiy tatnd Commerhas Hoter in Exete r, anud:been fretquentedby members of tho Royal Family, nobilitY, gentry, clergy, members of the bar, and commerdal mem. The premises ar,e in good repair and offer great facilities for addition or improvement, and tho well-earned reputation of the hotel must ensure an ample return to any person quallded to conduct a first rate hotel business, The furniture and other effects to be taEken at a valuation, To view spplyat thehotel, andforeeneral particulasto Mr. Charles Force, the auctioneer, Sit. Sidwell', Exeter 'rbo3Mr (Ihas Ily Tamer, Nocites andprctr, Exttkr, Ieicester-sQiuare.-Bumnpess Prenise., with Oven,anidsmall Leasehold House, Orebard-sktret, Hairow-road: both with p0ossesion.-Ey 11tE.FED. GODWIIN WMl SELL by AUCTION. atGmwy', nTesdynxtAp119.atI, the BENEFCIAL INTIIET, or 3 yar, a a ow ent m hePREB11ES% 78, Castle- stree, coner f Crnbound-psase.wllmnwna ula coffee ad, lodg DW huE. LLIo, te GroudLieasteeo no.r -htsteset, Waerleyga;heldfr7 foea at logrterm, ret, £aond rent.e Tesiae hauseg oaybe Masermd,and Vantcughas. 7 hadltlere,urofofH. Whitehe4d . 7z. White Wbthead 's-grove, Chelsea ; at Garraway's; and of Mr. Godwin " Hlkn trrace, Blgrav e-squve.sum For nvetmen orOccupation.-Sande unvestment PRE.GODWIN will SL y UTO at Garra ry'.on Tuesday, nprilt. a.tesllLaSE HOLDOD yTAE - om reet, nerC1sa2e hrh houegdrou70rearnt.£ ground rsent,and ofteetmtd au f£ arer ihannu. AlsG o.the unexp iiredTermof 3qyarsi, u cohnenly-or7 smith ganroand,en 10eadi let ao ear groundrenat of £5 perahouse. ha e h ewed, mandb paviuelar thaie ofb Mesrs.Hughes, anarpay, Miuarsteranad Hug Whnes,1, Bsuckle.rbr; of H. ugitehad, req, 7 aWhitebead'stgrvee Chelsapo; at Garraway's; and of M1r. Godwn 3 FHr dn-etmenta oelravOcsupareo.-Saldwtr egrva ot, and Selntean Engine, Cesa;d bVe orde ofithe W oater. e 1UR. FRED. GODWIN will SELL by AUCTIO-N LVI at Garrway's. on Tuesday next, pi2, at 1 y.re i4ofthe 3smail Steore's-road hneld fDonr unexpired oprvtexans ofe uneaprsea LEASpEr hou 0yase tolyGgroundret N r2sentat£layf ands ogsle 5 andERT 12 aoe in thand.eAstorNy Wellua ngton-square, ex helsiea heldaae for 74 fixedplan,T £10. patndet, tnove ay godtenant ater £in cpera annum. tee.adr circunow haofatthoecuefbreperymisp:onf and pVar-e hand, Es, ing-treetheaped'sgroat ChGBarays; atGraa';ado r Gown .Halki n-ter race, Belgrave-square. h satioie ora foatte salpof trewsaerby riatc xecnsietmcdPln,tebre oe W steYdam EninHPe,e A'andoel of finet rater.ndtin IR. JRED. GTDWIVNS wfil SELL by AUCTION, a .Lt hi at Garroaym, on Kinesdayrext, aoet-gaby rder. ofI theAYt coprising athrestrI 1-uatrrecsl.aCLEweION, extHIDSiv menade. inrds: fixe plnt, inad'spatet, ovedby tea power ian piftenal orer orThe saleni Cofletieoam by privatendcntac, West Jndi ai S acEtEN Airto infistracted odtiono.r o R.J. C. STEVENS will SELL by AUCTION, at .Li. his great Rtoom, 35 King-street, Covent-garden. THI Frday, 3 Arl25, atd fo prciel,a COL'slEC theIONT of ORvDS adeinathe prvi t o eragu ae Greada consisrtinglarf magichicnth masses of ticoihe sal eand ceurines anoaspcis ponal onewoog, in- Chiriui, nd oter secieswhic Mr owrcbwiy'aie tocoogbingI the morning of ~~~~~~~sale, and catalgehaofM..0 tvn,3,igThe splendid Coll ection of AleIni,blOnghingtd esr.Fr.r JV~i. C. STEVENS is fanstrued Nvto instrerfor mELpetiUTION, at his Greaet Room. 38, King-street. oet garden, ordn,Tey Aoni Thr9a, a5tb1 preday, 1the wriaye of0the mand niturcent C1toLLEC .thIO ol offZLES compurisinge aOLLECTheN ofi variTies in1,0 cultivaton in the0 mst ealuthy- iconditin,gand bhemotautifull furendishdariethesbloo;agetivaciuisitiof tocpartesnintendingtloexhibite thi,sasn. Maybe viewedy ondybfr the mrnizoale, and cata-e logue had ofM. 3.. Steveolens, 38 King-street, Covent-garden. Theeblat Mr.se Mmm' Colleciong GofuShllsdta Mineeerals,omors,a ~J TVN ilSELL by AUCTION, at teMt nTusa,My1 t1,i plain eres-bit Boom,es, winstet, Covefrnt-adbakgarden s o Fidayo!ia 2. andc followigeds. aeternprecdSithsely, antheCBNT Freofvldnatie SoelLtys ofsthe clate HenRymor SutatiReq, partiucularlric inter genus cbon also his colelectio of rehoie muHinerals,ooods onnhWeho-groain MnumgredUaph ofoi the gnS cnuys pcloure), 6owfbt' 6Cn.fonchoobical detho. MayeetT be viewed.Iatcl on thedypiradmrig ofeisae,san cata-h toMs SELLe byd AUTemON, authis Geat Ro.4~Bom.f5 ingd-street,ciy Cmpoven-arden onl Tehursday 13peth. Friday. 1th, Froay. anth aornd SaurayLLs ofby. AUThewOle of the uat nrivalldaCOLLETIO 01,a12 ifourCHIDs. Th PlAnts are ineath bEStpOsLeHeUSES. andgarmpriseup ImwnadsAo320 specigesin200scimen-r e,MainhoudinoadlWatheamstrarwan rnaxe po peaxng andumsilsborad 10e daysbefore Cthae sae and may bre Hadatiz and. ShopveNos'sIo 6ce, 38,e Kintg-str, Covernt-gf arden.s F~~~~~~~~~~~rmtereehold Hue n uligGon,adtxxdeeRMford Essex, ~ ~ ~ o Msss MESSRS. MO ORE, and TEMAPILE are -instmucted t tLSELL byAUCTIION, at the Mart. n Thurdy May 1, at 12.n ithreelots, a nsmalgblFEEHLD IASTHOATE, T consisting of :aro toplasingsbrick-builtahouses,ewithngoo front and back gardens, noSt AugstPe-rcCotageSt.Western-road,na oth-stareent,ownth Startiond Land'h Socity'sEstae,loetouRmfod'b Staion,y reprodcaltmngt£3 poer annum depItho 2h0 feet.Tonb vieweda Partclr onteprmss;a.h Golden io andthellSwainead ESta nnEs,Roor;fJhnLts Feq.r solicitor, , Bomartetsbidings doubeforn;loa h at n ofd Messes.ngMooreyandcTemple.autionees fo.r 4fEofedstet y givenrovNoe smal LAseoholdg hroerty near teCahadH had n teSSremseo MOrE Allnd TEPEDaydrtdt chambesEL biy; aUC tION, 3art teMr,o hrsa,My t1 knowng LaseAlma Cot-dtages, Union-road. Mak 3s-ra.era--ltamdow renaly£36tper annum.Alsoh t ive whleasftehmoldCtaes and aotl Comm Hotuse adSo,Ns t HlnCtae, in frotef loth.se roa,wihwl rdc.9 aLDAI year. Leaseslfrom the freehtoldr,s9 ers Goun rhenlts Thos. pterthouse.. ToL be viewed. , Ptcuato the veyrt , Cn hurcday,Mard8,Havery' alsoratbte MaOPRTY,an fof Messr aneryodeirable Estatesmfor,acoecure LeaseholdoInvestment,latpCamden topisfsemi-detached residencesa bv, oos 31b2,3.andsoeeeain 34,h Soti Augutineroad St.Pau's-rad,earthe amdenl-towrSatingon thel squreGay'-in lan ofldn GesrsMoorundTep, utne,4 lR.ALLEN DAVIS will ~SEL alUTIN .YIat the Mart, on ThusaMy,at1,itwlo,TW Pembridgfote Vlasommalrendigdult rnaetotoceru od anImotesetablyfothenanof,t£0pranm n posestnsil a givertniofy,o.2 ganbthn buin heb-ldfoverylngtrs,a etrt a-gteground:rnt of £15 esrs.annum ci ea. aynevee,adpreua haidgonsthpremt lcfiases;o .allnd Dais autoee,r,Ol or chambers,ct; and at the Mart. VaLongeLeaseholdEseidtahed o Rhesidtene No ,Ivenssra bridewiasterItoeternithtes whelrofath modedanGcotlyFu dngtre, ad in one lot. xLodi lIR. A-LLEN DAVISwisl,direorder of t'he Executors JS.o the laeTS.Sret e.ELL by AUCTION,z h Mato Tnsa Mat thea Mar, on TShursday, Ma . veryin desirable 1 P1t6'ETICTS for lesecure an rftbeinvestment, cssin ftonseisdtingbof mosdem nd welol-21andu23 asemi-leaceresidences Nabe4e '"siof hand omeelotevaletnatwith peric entranc,andcntainiGaevrwy-aprteance tond well-arr21angd d22 being. Itnistl heldiyes for aon terms af l5 er ow urudrnes,pired statiost ground renpetaobolye13 and ismaent respetably teoantind for atpermo yars.t asafrnse7esdne,a10 per annum. Mayy beviewedIViemsonftnas onyypriso.Parti culars ad at the Royal Oak,BaSte contguouArs; o:e Mr.isAllen Dais auctioneamer,; 21 l na ycabe n at the AcinMat Mrart.Mrt nWeusn Fri D lueeholdway Bnldnge Yrard, ttng hill. ho TIVJiin the Mart,n Lon,Tusdy May 8,e atur12, in fGreats,vanabgett PLuT miof FREEHOL ad GROUtsteD,havn thortitnee fron tagest rti-wa mertatione, Latmder-ofadCitn-tonofwihpserrin ace,cloehto St. nnpromad letdn from t.RilrheeRoalwrescet, Ntaettn-" l dieu de aoningto fu plots ~randumtal fo the efrection ofbetodeymto-sarpdyhouses,and presents a rAnent. Printedupartiuas a mayo couhad Brathedukteeof Sussex, Adreyt falcingthe, grotund:oMesrsEg.SueleanSmerslitr,5,N, Bridge-street, Beta(ckfrwiards and of M.-Alen Dav7-is,e11,eld Jemrr cabrsnd aendt theX2 Mart. er-y .MAO,o od-y Valuble easeold staes othelateTho aslStrset,oe. them dingrn, an m th cityot London.ofth ft iii~~R ALLENCDampaSnis, dirctd SAheE LE,llt annm;reidece N. 4 (aawayrod,andNo. 0, 21,m arsidnd 2 Inveress-oad,Bay-wate; repectbly ena,o hose. No.h 14des Saisur-sret,Padigt; etonlese ad lashod ouebN X.Ls annou-nce that this valuab1e FEEHOLD PROP'ERC4 was nlot sold at the auction, and maY new be TRtEATEID FOR byPrivatc Contract.-28. Old 33ond-street, April 23. Barth.-motn al fFehldGon ots, ~Reversions in. Fee wtiprvdRents and apportioned pgarts of Ground Rent, Rever sions in Fewith aPPOrtiOned Parts of Ground Rents, Reversions in Fee with Ground Re-nts, Grouno. Rents for lengterms of years witb the Reversion in Fee expectant on thOse terms of years, and Rove r. siona in Fee without any rent whie in reversion. rESSRS. BARTRUMI have the honour toannmounce MII that theY have been favoured with iistructions to SELL by AUCTION I at their Booms, 18, Milsem-street Bath, on Thursday, M8aY 22, and two following days, at 1 for 2 o'clock In the afternoon, in lets, to suit the conve nience of the individ Al owners Of the sevTeral pro- perte and small capitalists, well-secured and valuable FREEHOLD GROUNAD RENTS, issuing out Of mnessuges end premises situato in the Royal-crescent, Brock-street, CircuLs, Gay-street, Qucn's-parade, Rivers-street, Gibbs'-ourt, Cornwell-terrace. Chatham.row,Walrot- paradei Basgaret's-hi1t, Upper and LoDwer Camdeni-place, Rensington. DrWr,t aess-Parade, Peter-stret, Comn-street.to., intheparishea Of Waloot and St. James, in the city of Bath; also the valuablellroer. slons in Fee, withimproved rents and apporthonod'Parts of grund rent of messuages andpre.mise,situate in St.James's-square, Marlborough. street, Park-street, St. James's-street, and St. Jamnes's-plaoe, in the Parish of WalcoDt aforesaid; also, the Rteversions in Fee, -with appor.. tioned parts of ground rent ot messuagesand4liniesituatein~ Riversstreet and G]ooester-sts-eet, inthe parsh of Walcot aforesaid; also, the Reversions in Fee, with groundrents, of meseuages and premiif~ts idat in Old )King-street, Barton-buildings, Somerset-buildings Uppe n Lower Somerst-courts, oxford-row, Chatham-row, Moumoutiaperand Litte Sanhpe-treet, Neiestreet. UpperlBristol-road, ComfortablePlace, -Iey~e kc,, in the parishes of WValcot and St. James aforesaid; also, the wel-secured Ground Rents, for long terms of years, with the reversion in fee expectant on those terms of years, of mnessuages and premisses,stuate in southgate-street, corn-street, Somerset. street, .Amerv.lsne, th Amnbury, New Quay, ko., in the parish of St. James aforesiad ; also, the Reversions in Fee, without any ground rents while in reversion, of mesemsges and premises situate in St. Jamnes-ssquare Marlboroughetreet, Park-street, Park-place, Great B3edford-street, St. james's-street, Harley-street, PortUand Chapel, and of gm iecesof valuable budidng ground inthe parish of Walcot af .SIl Fitecl itulars and coDnditions of sale are in cors of Vprsartian andwiibreadyfor delivery on the 6thL of May next on an rhc ateymyb band of Messs. Falkner and TO Founderis Engineers, andl other,,, MESSRS.FULLERand HORSEY are inetrmete(I byteAsgesOf I. Polglaae, a bakut, to SEL-L by XUG. TIO. o Tesdy.~Apil29, AtMU. at he Foundr, Old Ba hauPe. Blakfsai. n ot. wthutresmere the PLANT and IMEPLEdE of a SHELFONR; .16-horse Power horizonstal steam engtin alboilUer one cean steam tagine, thre drllinog maChines, 100 feek abafting, Njd's patent fan, four wrought iron enooas, the brick an4 iron erecton f adtigstoriS, 9OO pair jhell boxem from slxt.13 inche, 30 touse 60tOb s Pig Iron, W0tons coid tpgio~2toobroen oatiro, ~00onew fire bricks, sinith'u weigiogachie, hrecarts, harness 'tabe - utesil: te tinp!Sreeigatd luD oof 15 feet lung by 53 feel wid, ad nmerusame efect. o h viwedonMondaypireviouX Ashey,solcitr, ld ewr; ad o Mears FulerandHorey,Bil. Wines. M ESSRS. FULLER and HORSEY Will SEL1ITb AUCTION, on Wedneaday. April Z0, at 12, at the Auction Ms 1.000 doz. fixat-class WES'ES including choice old rort winec& fthl3 vitagesL of 1840 and 1842, bottled in 1540. ISOS 184G. aud 1I4. Que Harris ardSon's shipping; several binsof'huioieoldcrastedrort,fren, four to seven y'ear in bottle, Thompeon and Crofts. Sarideinan, For.. rester' Martinez', and Roya IOportoWine Company's sbipping; '00 Tonveintn mhry andoers bi f ainas. Cd Z.oTdh.o lre,e BMcella and (haaeTHOREY,ne ar te lyrng in Wedesdays2, Token. houBe-yr, Lteasoe custGody illofte anCtoluerbianherenthenmy i may pres hadortythesMart,and mofresss Fulerand25seaorsuae, Bin Fiutbr ho Prtsngpree-makss. nginers, andtorth ndcm-ith'ys sop iro an cal tors,coutin-huse lihtand lofty workshop and pave yar wit gatway ntrace, ive-orswpler steami eninei. andE Leasehiold F.states and Ground Rents, MjESSRS. FU-LLER and HORtSEY are instructeilj LLby the Executors, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, onir Wednesday, May 7. at 12 i three lots, LEASEHOLD) ESTATi29 an a mpoed Ground bent, including a dwelling-house, NO. 23, York-street, Stepney, let at £22 annum, held on lease forna term or 48 years, at apeppereomn: two welling-houses, I-',os 21 and 22, WooV.. stret,Spialdlds le at£58perannm, eldon lease for aL term of 93 years atagroud ret of 23 pr anum; n iproved ground reiit ofi £12perannm, risng romfir cotags,Angel-alley. Bishopsrato- .Lo Millers. -St. Thomas' M6ills Stratfor Essex. - By es. HOLItnIORSEY, at the Mart, Esitiolemew-l'ane, on Wedneda May 7.at12o'clock, rPfl Leyase and Goodwill. of a Steam Corn 31tilla s ituate in Marsh Gate-lane, Stratford, On the river Lea, -abouta fourmiles from Maxk-lane by road~, auddwathin a quarter of an hour by rail capable of grinding 800 sacks per vweek and in a locality well nOImowto oDunnandan extensive Offatrade, also an easy delivery foiC country wheat. The mill corn rie a store room in roof, with Iloading apParatus from the river, IM&C ie iloor, recently fitted with two silk machines, smnutting and bolting machines, Stone dloor, writh tenpair oe French stones, elevators and jumpers Ground floor, contaissing aln the wurling gear in goo condition, engine house, IQ horse power condensing Steamn engine, 28 horse power high Pressure steam engine, twe-> tubular steam boilers smith's shop, store warehouse of two dloors, car.penter's shop, stabling for eight horses, chaise and ran houses. drying kiln, foreman's dwellig house, PrinciPal's familyv residenro. The mnilihas been in active work for mere thian hal1f a century, and~ from its situation commands an extensive trade, winch, byits convo. nient counexion wfith Mark-lane, land and water carriage can be carrIed onat less expensethan atmust other millsround LDndon, The, fixefinmachinery tu be included in the purchase, which has been im. Proved and modemnized by the present tenant at an expense of aevesalthousand pounds. Tobheviewec tillt-he sale. Partiruaars hai On the lpremises; at the Castle Tavern, Mark-lane ; at the au~ctio], mnart; of Messrs. MC.Leod and Stenaing, solicitors, London-street1 and of Messrs. F-ifilerand Horsey, 13, Bilhter-street, city. Camberwell.--Comfortable Dwelig-hus,in a leading thoronghifare. lIR. IMURRELL will SELLby AUCTIONT, at M G.&srvaway`s.onTuesday,Aprfl raonvernvent entD1~CE containing suitable acoommodatluaor s. mlfniywith garden 157 Peckthorougfae Stpeynl.-Lehuldrch-trety. Camerdel-re. Posstessiocn Hel fo MnUnepREdLeL ff 23SEarLaL by n reTINt. Maytb Giwd articuar~sha o fiTtedy Mesrs. 2 Car ke ond*errie solicitors tor 2f Coea-tet Jate Lgacaays;t doup.Murl, a uctiEOL P Oneer. comprisin 'asbxroomek oue,statcity.Ofrdrret Een Pertam ad Stpney-Leaehol Proerty Alsyore of themiEdetrn 7iI1IRELL will SEL lebyasantlSiONat, aetn arrwa's,onTueda, pri29at 2. Rdentrofd ath pTorn. torsof the late Mr. JamandLofhtup, anualraErI compriing a ix-romed hose, siuate low1 Oxfo lrd-tret,or StXIe!uy let o Aglrespectablertenan, a sot £2stapefroanm. Alszo a ~se-dtached Dota esgene ofageas Rcesidoethe city plAceas oant d.tut,en empy,And f w ich oue wihb givn,trandiofs the SnEuLalu beviewed AnCTON priuars thado Mesrs. D Wed. nedaY Ga 7alo. soli2. A toRes. LaD dortahamptOn-sqArE:a arrway'sE and OYOf r urLD, ToAniers-Sheperon, shot ditan e fro the Walton Station,- DelghtulCttae tsien terand Ares ofthLand. th j'JR .PEAKEis favouted wto iStructioy A TIO SELt bACTN,athMrtonWednesday, May 7 . at 12, a usaddbik REEHatcharndewtaceown AGE evrEcpalitDE ocEondu COPiYroL, LraNde;as, situateithvlag of Seeypdeandadoing,na the waoltonmStaioin, withimmdiat poseasen.comosin wcoah-husteadstoabnguforvieed pplcaiontoThoasHeahe. o tevpremies unandll ball;at te Shp Inn Haiifor;and at Mre PesakgeSun ol ics L4 To Mnufatures, Bewer, Pblicns, nd ohers-VaUcatrsle FIreehold Etate,with Fontag to te Wate Side on t e Bns fof the SreCAna el-ln-a scredeempoed. ALIsEL wieet SELL by AUCTION, atGartaa', on Wednesday, MAy?i3, at 12,fo a substantial brck ti-aoTdo alsO,N FooREehTold Landpe adnuinig, then wheue comaprisin oland areeaofnupardstofn7,000 superfca feett,iadwll buitedtose knowfac threr brewe Hrs, andho.nleih othersreuin greatgextentdo prnemies,a catin toHenr Spedin, of20, hares-pae Hat 1,,.,,, sitaew-an. Aileln woellsecured ImprvedtmGroUnRet lIR.MATNSELL will SELL b UTO,a JilGarraway's, on Wednesday, Aril 30, at 1 o uculy s tosefoln,uhreo arestandingy-uth subs~ltantalybilh ose dona the Whystel Horse beershop. an etaigtother Hnessae n eeet aoder oinn and opepoited thereto, withgrdes attahd iut n town of tesos ien tecut fSre.Tewoehl nlae d-e als prortf eel tteSra ni n,Esi;o .Dvy Esq,fr,as; Eypace Horoo;ataraa'; nyo h arsue Eligibe LOdge, Tedodingtnvidest ext.-U oilsi,Srry 'sonWednesday, April 30, atn12tforfo.linrwuglets, al thsfour endbltetaen~etily-bfnilt Everanc,hed EIECS fna AndVnifoablevaoletion,ioo f dghfulritune ald Drsdn,wnasPea,fr vills, Blvidre-rad ppe ora-esond.iti five immuned'iatke thewCy`sta Palac DAnd Arailwa station.2 Held diranet from te re hoL-IDErNfrEa iuntexpire term of cryearst. lowmgroungsxbd matms,po toduriganet rentalo £158in proannm. Mbary bed swredrom by peCIL. san of theUu tenats, 3an eTowld printed particulars had 10dy rortthesae f iesrs Surlif an Smmrs sobuldicitors 5,r Baride-sreet, Beielstrfi etar; u at Garraway's . n fteacine,UprNrod Wene day Yapril ofan twoh filoineldays, byd orduNEr d ofth Exec. tor, gandClatethesandprt ofmrsererAreard,fdecaed,hil)y EjalaleColctono fn oDdBEresde, CheRn SO wlsea Sndia andtei W oorste China,50g ucsfpat e,etplatedt- ar tin.T lesAY, Obtine onth prmiss,andof r. 'igot, ateneerths i, en s o ltat madhuse gen, Gerge-tret, Iichaend mSurrey hwl, n4 AUCTION,PARKERe will SELL byFrmAUCTr ON, ath GaT . rAw Ayril 2thISDYA-l, at 12,h aUSHO- wel-rrNge FRgAMIL 1thilECT4 cmrsituate 38. dlrand eddicn9, cmrsn si bd haromams trnc-hll ad omstchoulresar. Cofleveycrition;o held foa5 eas ata oud erentMa bitueao thew vanprintedcho partculars ador StneyG Prdece ESELL2 byAU TON, as. Parker, ,eplstet an rd at l GArraw5ay's. ovn y,a Iprcsey anhrembTouandYad of rallgi-chSlks, elIeTINS, an ains,udEnds of Waer wokof Engand Clota; an CaRiverVes, Attire,Reig ande ofects-herisa. othmb afer E H M TR,adSNwl tdMn thei Rooms, Knstreet Covnt-r ern, TH s D theoth nst,at 11300ardsk of dreautfs F Both.SLS eo velvits, segC atingus, and atovette. ionuefu levngts,ends of eveothaL beavritn and dropeskin doruI, laies'fasionabediantiesale shadwls,ann ni-ecses,t gentlemen' appael, prish aya liens.20domfcab-hn. Cehoicef 12ll diozn of sighlk , dozentre oTf Cart,trishelcm andemiscellanies,J-hE. §XZ?~I W TchisoDa.-RCel allrham ulrn, e gent-sreeiedtrtnciostSeLb, G~R.ARCIbA wlSEL yACIN sao W)YAIT-MS DAth atrda 1 prl25, Q theTHOUSEHOL aUNt I pre and tresses,wadobe, ChLEsTI of drawers PITULE, andh sa e hmber appich liges dartiuawing cands ditntingnroom futhee incudwing a~SJh waludt cetr tamble, curtais,uz aTver suerors. Fpaiisr mahdogpany eeetr, fendueremands Cbreirons ktcheMonreusts, auiondmeffes Maybcae viewdFigs ar A.Cy;Gand atMrBarsh'seopices,, SCarltoterow,% Mason-house-.r_ Rembrandt Jan Steen Domacnichino H. Wilson Vandk Bergbem D. Teniers Morris, Z±c. Onve.CataloguesmaYbe hakatthe Gallery, 71,Quadranlt, e- gent-street. Now on View, and Sale This Day.-'No. 157, Sloane-street, Chelsea. Auction-rooms, under bil of Wae.-Superior Furnatu.-e, nearly new, comprising a walnut-tree Suite, covered in ri-ir green velvet., and twopair of Curtains to match, a 61 octave Cottage Pianoforte, in handsome css-, two superior Libmrar Tables on turned legs, with.~ rising Elopes, some valuable proof Prints, Chiua and Cut Glass, Bronzes, and Plated Articies, and numerous and decorative effects, lIf.IZOD) begs to annouince that he hias received JSJfinetructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Mr. Allan's Auctienl. rom,117 Sloane-street,Chelsea,wherethepaDperty rem~oved, THISD'2 Ai-fl25, t m1Tpecsely (aclause intheleaseprohlibiting a salen utie Drenaisesl, the FUNITURE, comprising, for the dining. room and library, a sideboard, with a carred back-, a set of d ining tables,rcouch, indulging chair, covered in leather, rich carpeLs,, rugs, ronze fenders and fire-irons - for the principal bedrooms-. elegat Arabian bedsteads, and dam;ask- hangings, prime goog and down beds, mattresses and suitable bedding, superior double-. hole washlhand stand with fittings, chests -of mahogany sam. japnne drwer, ceva an tolete gasss,met of beds;teps and) bidtteaneegnt alnt sit ofriciy-ared hairs lounges, Onu indlgig cais, andomele an oter abes, rich chi-ney glases, - cisefomr wth iat-~las bck~ric rAsincarpets, a brMiliat-tone At the London Coummercal Sale Rooms, Mincing-l&ane,m -Thursday ri, ~~~May!1, at 12 for l recisely, cplyihu ' folloWing W Vre n prt, rni ywtot I reerve:-32 p1 l8hhsd%.2q.,a5k ort,l bot%l8s U hds., Seq caks Serr; pe whte Cpe;whie Prt, Lisbon, AmontiladoClre~Burunly,&c. 1 puchensJamaica Rum rIOnun shen', S ud.,152 pae ndbrwnCognac and Vo=eu sparlin Hok, nd osels, autrne ~ ~ ciM Hock. Claet sc. inbotl, utypad,JA,LS 6. IN,boke, 8,M2Ie
