DEATHS. On the 28th of May. at Bombay. Frauces Agnes, the beloved wife of J. S. W. Wotton, E:sq., &ged2t years. On Monday, the l4th ins., a, 'No. 59. Sidney-street, Brompton. George Lewis, BEq., aged 44 yews and 5 months, late Prisnipal of DaccaCollege, Benga. On the 14th inst. Mirs. Elizabeth Fenton, for npwards of 53 years an inhabitant of Garrett, in the parish of Wandsworth, '3urrey, in her8Qth Iear. On the 16th inst. at the Brewery Home, Poclhthorpe Norwich, Frances Reoecca, elest daughter of Mr. John Bul. On the I7eth inst., at Portobello, near FAinabrgh, Emily ee, wite of Thomas Key. Resq., Retired idst Mladras Army. On the 18th inst., Mr. Nelson Andrews, Verulam-place, kl.atings aged 88. On the l8th inst., at Taverhan, in the coonty of Norfolk, Nathaniel Waldegrave 3ohn Branthwayt Micklethwialt, lfsq., aite a Lieut.-Cot* in Her Majesty's Scotch Fnsiiier Guards, aged 51. On the 15th Inst., at Rarenebourne. Berwick-on-Tweed. iu her 90th ea-, Igre Young. relict of M1r. I). Young. and formerly widow of lbertSelby,Esq., of North Earl, Northumberland. On the 19th inst., at 1, Lewis-pLace, Tunusidge-.els, Anthony Bigot RE3q. On thel9gth inst., atber residence, Paragon, Hackney, Bmrs France ThodyBrkitt, aged 90. On thel9thinst.at3S, Charterhome efnaref.-ror injury of the epins, Mlen Fanny aged Ill years. Younger daughter of the late Wiiams Eccles, Esq., 1-.R.C.S., of Old llrod-etreebl city. *On the eth inst., deeplylamented, Mn' Thomas Hall RBiou, of Nq. 9, Blomfield-street, Eiusbury-ircas, in the 72d yeir of his age. .- On the 2Othin st, after a long illness, 'Mr. Solly Joseph manningc of 3, sylvan-grou'e, Old Kent-road, much regretted by in who kow him, aged St. On the 80th inst. at 2, AddIson-terrace KenRsington, Sarah, tho wife of Henryylinke.e Req-..aged 74. On the 20th inst. at lidhurzt, Sursse, after a few daye illness, 31r. John Foord. Naish, in his 85th year. On Smaday. the 20th inst., at his residenre, in Ladbrolce-square, John Haasdvtck, Req., aged 88. On the 26th inst. at 23, Wellington-road, St. John's-wood. HeIen Alice, the infant daughter of Mr. Richard Thomas, aged nine moaths. On Sunday. the 20th lnst, of consumption, aged 23. Fanny, younged daughter of Mr. Joseph Sawyer, of 28, Jubilee-place, Commercial-road, London. On the 20th inst., at 21S Strand, E-nest, youngmst sen of S. H. Twining, Esq, aged I year and 9 months. Onthe 21st inst., Eizabeth.wifPof Samuel Riclards,Esq., Shaljnar Acton, Middles, end 207, Picadllly, London.
7MLT2BY A-NDgNA YAL-INIOE NOT. Our Malta letter of the l6t ins. gives the IoUlo'win3 ;iata znd i_val newvs .- i i ler ajesty's _screw steamtransport Assist nce atraveda on tho 14th frbni LiverpooL. T@Yhe Burlington seiling-transport left on the 12th for Woolwich, conveying .7 officers, 275 non-comraissioned officers and gunners ot the Rioyal tillery. I"Ber Majesty's screrw steamnhip.og.the-line Sansparell arrived on the 14th from Constantinople, briniging .AeutGnant-Col^nel P5Arbo, 19 otherofilcers; and 705 non-comninixsioned officers and privates of the 72d Highlanders, and 5 -privates of the 93d, ondileft for Spithead on the sane dev. - T"he Dodo steamn-transport, bringing 11 horses anh S officers and166 menof the Land Transport Corps, arrived 'on1the 14th froa Constantinople, and proceeded ouithe sam.e -day for Spithead. 'The City of ;ondon steam-transport left for 43enoa on the 33th, conveying 12 officers, 403 non-commissioned officers and privates, being the fist draught of ithe Anglo-Italian lIfgion, Lieutenant ~Pmer, 1sti Major HRitcher and Captain Vanlce, 4tb, and was followed by a-further draught, whbo le*t an the-Derwent on the o 1th. "The Ainerican steamship Star of the South, with the Anerican ship Alfeghaneanin tow, both in the French trns .port-servicet left for Kamiesch on the 32th. - "The Nievre, fromn Toulon, and. the Sanne, from Stora, .French team corvettes, arrived dn the 14th, and left fcr .Coastantinople on the 25th. | "Tbhe Napoleon m., English steamer, the Norwegian arks Cldin and Witch, and the English ship Ma-ehionesa - of Salisbury, all in the trench transport service, troop laden, left for Algiers on the 12th. "T The French screw steanshi s of the line Duqresne azd - Jcan Bart arrived on' the 32tfi from Constantinople-the latter having on board General Sol and 1,169 officers, rank and file the former, 1,134 officers, rank and file. Both le't on the Q following for Marseilles. "T The Magellan, French steam-frigate, arrived fromn Kamiesch on the 14th with 883 officers, rank and file, and left for Marseilles on the 15th. " The Reine Blanche,French sailing-frigate,left for Toulon on the 14th, with the troops brought down by her from the Eazt. "The Athenian steam-transport in the French service arrived from Constantinople on the 15th, bringing 607 officers, rank anld file. *The Peninsular and Oriental Company's atenspacost Ava arrived from Alexandria onx the 12th, bringing, among other paesengers for Malta, Captain Mason; and for Marseilles, t-ho went on in the Vectis, belonging to the sme company, a few houri after, his Excellency Artlin BeY, on a moissn, as is rumorred, to the Emperor of the French from Mis Highness the Pasha of Egypt; and for Southampton, for which port the Ava left on the 13th, Colonel ai,d lrs. AlCc,T 31ajor Iloyd, Captain Wood, and Lieutenant lill; MIajor and Mrs. Thelwall, Major Chapman, Lieatenant Cheney, Captain Bumberry, Captain Watson and family, Captn Hall, Ca ptain Fitzmaurice, and Captain laury also embarked at aTIlta in the Vectis; and Captain and ars. Dud Major Lewis, Lieutenant Allen, Dr. Jav Dr. Mitchell, Dr. and rs. MIesas, and Sir J. Alesander mn the Ava for Southamuton. The 13 ine mail steampacket, with the heavy mails from Southampton, only arrved late on the evening of the 15tb, and left for Alexandria on the mnorning of the 16th.I " The Clyde, French postal steamer, from Marseilles, 2rrived on the 13th, and left on the same afternoon for Alexandna. - The Oronte, Erench postal steamer, from Marseilles, arrived on the 13th. The Xreandre,French postal steamer, arrived fi-om MarEeilles on the 14th, having on board . Botta, the French Consul at Tripoli, who proceeded to his destination on the 15th in the Passe-portont despatch steamer, and Mr. Charles Burdie, Foreign-office messenger, who left for Syra, Smyna, and Consitantinople, with despatches, on the same morning in the Meandre. " TheladyAlice Lanmbton screw-steamer, from Alexandria, left for London on the 12th. "The Teneriffe and Arcadia screw-steamers, from Alexandria, arrived on the 14th, and left for Liver l on the anne day, the former conveying Mfajors Battersisy and St. leger. 1The Alar screw-steamer arrived from the Crimea and Constantinople on the 14th, and leaves for London on the I19th. "The British Queen screw-steamer, from Liverpool, left for Svra and Constantinople on the 12th. '-The Elizabeth steamer left for the same destination on the 13th. " The Sovereign screw steamer left on the 13th, for Tanis to open the new line between that port and Malta. Mr. Pnurdie, the resident-director at Malta, and Mr. Spence, the resident-director at Tripoh, took passage by her." Her Majesty's steam-frigate Odin, 16, Captan James Willcox, C.B., arrived at Spithead yesterday evening, from the East, with troops (Royal Artillery). The Hansa steam-transport arrived at Spithead from Scatari yesterday morning, with the followig ofiicers and men of the 1st, 2d, and 3d Regiments Light Infantry of the I British Genman Legion, under command of Brigadier-General Wooldridge--viz., Brigadier-Genexal Wooldridge, lstBrizade; Adjutant Risler, 1st Jiigers; Lieutenant.Colonel von Atter, Major Adams and lady; Captains-Riedel, La Croi, Hinching, Prokopontch, Brandes, and Schmidt; lieatenants-Preuss, Causse, Shomass, Cuopif, Risler, Des Condres, and Von Bno; Ensigns Beaumont, Wiedekehn, Chelins, La Croi, Budderbrouf, Loefler' Schmidz, and Goeldner; Paymaster Shuttleworthi Quartermaster Higgins; Doctor Straube; Assistant-Doctors :Becker and Dirldns; and Dispenser B raums, 2d Light ln_ fantry Pegiment; Dispensers Hau-ann and Valentin; En. sign Power, 1st Light Infantry Regiment. Lieuteruant laystor ; and Ensigns Archer, Dichnor, and Hennisel, 3d light Infantry Regiment; Chaplain Oppermanm, British German Legion; Assistant-Sargeon Mtacarthy, 60th Rifles . Dr. Friend, Inspector-General, British German Legion; G. Tessier, Medical Staff; Dr. Williamson, Staff Surgeon; 989 non-commissioned officers and men, and nine horses. There was a great strain upon the military and railway authorities at Portsmouth yesterday, upwards of 6,003 btops having been told off and sent away by the SouthWestern and South Co ast Railways. The gunboats and other vessels began to carry in the troops at sunrise, and made the port as busy as at t he outset of the late war; indeed, far busier. The 4th (King's Own), from Her Majesty's ship Exmouth, and the 55th, from Hler Majesty's ship. Belleisle, mustering 1,700 men, landed at 6, and proceeded by South Western to Aldershott; these vere followed by the 38th numbering 900 men, from Her Majesty's ship Caesar; the 23d Fusileers and the 33d (De ke of Wellington's), for the same camp (the latter two regiments landed at the Clarence-yard from Her Majesty's ship London); the Swiss Legion, 700 strong, who came in the Chrity, were despatched by the South Coast line to ShorancliTe, and a body of Royal Artillery, who came in the Osprey, were sent by the same line to Woolwich; these and others made a total of removals to the extent of 6,200 men. Portsmouth presents daily the appearance of a garrison full of the utmost acivity of war's requirements and bustle; the streets nap the town are crowded with gallant veterans and youth who have, either as officers or men, distinguished them selves during the late war; all hotels are full, and much more gaiety and business are everywvhere apparent than have been witnessed at any time since the last French war. Her Majesty's ship BeDeisle, 72, Commander Hosken, left Spithead yesterday at noon for Plymouth, andy Her Majesty's ship Eoxmouth, 91, Captain Eyres, C.B., fcllowed her in the afternoon. Tne Apollo, S, troopship, Lieutenant-Commnider Fair. holme, was docked at Portsmouth yesterday. Tle Osborne Admiralty State yaclt, Mfaster-Commander G. H. E Bower, was taken out of dock at Portsmouth yesterday. The Adder steamsessel arrived atPortsmouthon Sunday evening, with the Manceuvrer dockyard lighter in tow, with stores. The Osprey and Durham steam-transports went into lPortsmouth harbour yesterday to land troops, and Her Ma. jesty's ship Colossus, 81, Captain the Hon. 11. Keppel, C.B., went in to refit. The steaam-transport Foyle, No. 167, arrived atWoolwich yesterday morning, and landed the following passengers:Mr. Ginger and Mr. Williams, dispensers of medicine; the Rev. Mr. Johnson, Dr. Bent, Dr. Briscoe, Drs. A. C. G. Clarke, Groves, Greansill, Addams, and Hume; Mr. Duffin, Assistant-surgeon; Mr. Swaine, iMr. Leask, Mr. Barry, and 3Beale, Staff-Aesistant-surgeons; Mr. Brook, Assistant. surgeon; Lieutenant-Col onel Eaythorne, Lieutenant-Colonel Shortwell, 3Major Pitcairne, Captain Stuart, Captain Stevenson, Captain Crawford, Dr. Smith, Rev. -r O'Cailahan, H.A. B. Adams; Lieutenant Crossman, 49th Regiment; Depaty-Assisant Commiwaxy-GeneraI HolowayI Revs. Mr. Campbell, Mr. Wallace, 3Mr. Spencely, ]Mr. Fergason, Rev. Mr. Monro, Rev. Mr. Drennan, Dr. Carte, Rev. Mr. MSweemy, MIr. Harrison, andMr. Richardson, Dispensers of Medicine; Lieuten.-t Kane, R.N., Dr. Stevenis,DeputyAsistant-Commissary-General Connor, Mr. Mayhew, MrB3iss, and Mr. Elmsley, 23 officers' servants, soldiers, and 9 civilians,15 horses and some artillery waggons, about20 tons or mortars, and 28 tons of shot, from Balt-lva. - The steam-transport Britannia, Xo6.2 arrived off Woolwich yesterday morning with a cargo of Russian. shot from Balnklava. Thirteen waggonloads of 'Me ball cartridge, weighing 40 tons, and containing 20,000 rounds, were yesterdaym orning despatched from Woolwich for london, for embareation thence for the Cape. The Firebrand, 6 gane, paddlewheel steam.-figat, Cap. tain the Hon. John W. S. Spencer, has arrived at Sheer. ness (late froni the Blaek Eea), lst from Portsmouth, under rders to be paid ofthere; The Blaek Eagi paddleheel steam-yach; , ?fastei.' Coommander John E. P etley, pased up the medway at 6 p.n. onSunday, ro m W oolwich, to receive the Iord3 oe the Admiralty, on a official visit -to Sheeess yard, At I1 25 pm. yesterdaj the. 'd agship Watorloo fired a fu1t ; Adairs salute on the Black Eagle congzing toiwn Saltjan ReIch., Captain F. (riffin's comapany ofthe byalArtillery' consisting of 0 rank and file, with Lieutenant. F.Smith' foe& a guard of 'honour, many of theone n v wering th e four-clasps medal, among whom wan Corporal Hu Wheatlty, y a staOly, soldierike-lookiag fellow, -lho. had the, honour of displaying two medals, (one for Inkerinun and one, for Sebastopol), also 2a medal for distinkuished 'eonauct in the field before Sebalopol 'The Blac'k Eagle, iin arriving at'3noorings 'off tho doek'yard, wis boarded by the Cahain-Superntendeit JohnmJ Tecker; &Ad their Lordshipa on landing were eoeived by ]the Commanderdin-Chief, the Hicn. W. Gord&6 attendedby his sig-Lieutenant7 John 7-; iE Bal4a, and Wr. Arthur 'Price, Paymastr and Secretary. All Uthe port officers in comnmarid; with'tlieir respective offlces weie preeentauiuiï¿½y of whom werepresented tothe Rost Iord by Reir-Adinirii Henry E;den. - Their Irdbiyis proceeded to the office 'of the CAnt n Super,intendent,- and received the principal officers of th!3 yad, introduced by the Captain-Superintendent. They then visted minutely the ships fitting in the-basn and in dry docks, proceeding through the new rmillwrights? factory, undercbarge of Mr. George BlaBLand, Civil Engineer,, thence to the new, smithery, founderies boiler-hqusese, and -the steam factory,, the foundation for' which is being prepared by Messrs. IRigby and Co. under the super intendence of Mr. Calidwell an Mr. Hitehinson, At 5 p.m. theiz Lordships mustered the officers, artisans, and labourers of the dockyard,' and left by the Black Eagle at 6 p.m. for London; lThe Danish visscl Johann% Captain I. PRasmussen, ar-. nved at Sheerness yestedasy at noon from Thited with wrecked stores from Her Majesty's late steamvessel Polyphemus. The 25th comny oines will pr teed from Chatham to-morrow morning to Liverpool, at which port they will embark for the Cape of Good Hope. The following officers belonging to the Royal Engineers will embark with the 25th company-viz. :-Captain C. s. Akers, iUeutenant A. E. Lockhart5, Ieutenant E. S. Tyler, and Lieutenant W. NYewsome. Asistaint-Surgeon R. Speedy has been relieved' from duty at the Provisional Battalion, Chatham, for the purpose of embarkdng in medical cnarge of the Royal Engineers. The Countess of Durham screw-steamer, No. 37 transport, arrived at Chatham dockyard on Sunday from the Crimen with a quantity of stores belonging to the Royal Engineers,' and a few troops belonging to the TUrkish Contingent, Sappers ana Mers-s. Major Franlin's 5th company 3d battalion Royal Artillery are under orders to proceed from head-quarters, Woolwich, on Thursday, for Leeds. Captain Mercer's A field battery, No. 2 camp, 8th battalion, are likewise under service orders to leave Woolwich on Thursday for Ireland. Captain Milward's W battery, No. 1 of the 11th battalion, commenced their march yesterday morning from Woolwieh to Weedon. Captain Vernon's 6th company, 3d battalion, and the Hon. MAjor Yelverton's No. 1 company, 9th battalion, were yesterday morning inspected in service marching order by the acting commandant of Woolwich garrison, Colonel Hardinge, mu., and will leave Woolrich to-d.ay to be encamped at Tilbury Port, on account of the crowded state cf the garrison head-quarters The following officers, with the - 3d (East Kent, the Buffs) and the 46th (South Devonshire) Regiments, composing the depdts of those regiments sationed at Winchester, are about to be removed to Dublin. They left Winchester yesterday morning under the command of Captain R. S. Warburton, Her Majesty's3d Regiment, and proceeded to LiverpooL The offices of the Buffs attached to the depdt are-Captain R. S. Warburton, Brevet-Major Walker, Captain P. IL P. Aplin, Lieutenants Ross Turner, Barnes Caldecott, George Grant Suttie, and F. Morley; Ensigns Charles D. Baillie, George James H. Le Cocq, Thomas Merrett, and George Edward Rundle; and Assistant-Surgeon Dolan. 46th Regiment-Captains Robert W. Piper, Alfred H. Waldy, and Richard llullyn; Lieutenants R. Coote, H. C. W. Hamond, E. Townshend, Richard E. Brookes, A. Whitten, C. Burgess, and T. IRL Fishbourne; Ensigns H. A. Whitmore, C. B. C. Speke, G. T. Delms Radclife, and Robert B. Morrow. At the Admiralty yesterday the following officers were reappointed to the Princess Royal:-Lieutenant J. Simpson, Lieutenant C. J. Fegen, Lientenant A. Boller, F. G. Shane, Acting Mate; Hon. I. Hare, midshipman; A. H. Alington, midshipman; G. C. A. Belson, midshipman; lion. U. A. Montague, midshipman; J. Hayden, midshiman.
THE APFRAY AT ALDERSHOTT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I see in your columns of to-day an account of the disturbance that took place in this camp between English and German troops on Thursday Last, which account is so contrary to the facts, and so extremely unjust to the German,s that I, a British officer at present doing duty with the German Legion, consider it my duty, according to truth, to give a flat contradiction to that statement. On the day in question three regiments did not partake of the manceuvres performed in the presence of the Queeni-viz., 931 Highlanders, 41st Foot, and, 1st Jiger Regiment of the British German Legion, which latter corps had only that morning arrived from the East. The diturbance began in a public-house called " Carpenter's Arms," where soldiers of the above-mentioned corps were drinkdng. It appears that, the men being excited by drink, some words were exchanged about "men having fought in the Crimea, and men who, although near the field of action, had not been engaged in the struggle." These words led to a scuffle, such as almost every day might be seen in those dens of which the neighbourhood of the camp abounds. Who dealt the first blow itisdifficultto dec:de; the Scotch, however, were conspicuous. The English as well as the Germans having being reinforced by their rebpective countrymen, the fight became more serious, and trifling wounds were inflicted on both sides. The officer commanding the German Jiigers, being informed of the disturbance, sounded the a.iarm, and in a short time his regiment was formed on the parade ground, but few men being absent. These men in trying to join their corps were followed by large numbers of the 41st and 93d Regiments, who kept pelting them with stones untl they reached their comrades. The English then appeared to become quite infuriated, attacking every body who came across them. While the Germ-an Jiigers were quietly halted on their parade ground, the pickets of the 41st Regiment, who were sent for the purpose of suppressing the row, joined the rioters, their officers having lost allcontrol over them. They attacked the sentry posted at General Stutterheim's hut, into which they cried to force an entrance. Close to the sentry box they knocked down with a bludgeon a German soldier who accidentally passed by, and who, when senseless on the ground, was stabbed with the bayonet in two different places. Another party at the same time attacked the hut of two officers on the Staffof the German Legion, who, in company with their General, were otut at the review. The doors of that hut bear the marks of the bayonets that were pushed against them. Several other atrocities were committed by the furiosis soldiers. Colonel Schroeder's (commanding officer of the German Jtigers) stables were entered, and his groom, v hile cleaning his master's horse, was wounded by a bayonet. A non-commissioned officer of the 15th Hussars saved the ,ife of a German who was on the point of being stabbed by an English soldier. These are facts for the correctness of which I can vouch. No huts were destroyed, no man was killed, no charge of cavalry took place, as your informer states, and everything was quiet after the reumrn of the troops from the mancevre. Patrols, of course, were kept moving about for some hours after the row had ceased. I should feel obliged by your inserting this letter, and, enclosing my card, I have the honour to be Sir, VAnr oh9disn,t. ,-rn-t A BRITISH OFFICER, AT PRESENT DOING DUTY WITIH TITE f.R.AAN T,LRGTON Camp, Aldershott, July 19. TO THE EDTOR OF TEHE TMES. Sir,-I was much aswtnished when reading in your paper of this day's date an article relating to a disturbance which, I regret, took place at Aldershott on Thur-day evening last; and I would beg to corned a statement which I feel convinced has been made bymistake, and which doubtless tends to detract from a body of men with whorm I have been closely associated from their first formation, and of whose orderly behaviour, obedience, and respect to their officers under very trying circumstances I have had ample and gratifying proofs. A publichouse row undoubtedly did take place at the camp between some men of the 41st and a portion of the 1st Jiigers, but it was not of the serious nature mentioned in the report. On information being received that some of the latter were involved in it the regiment was immediately assembled under its officers, when, with some tfing excep. tions, all were present. Four or five men were injured, but not severely, and they are, I thinkq again conva lescent. How the quarrel originated I believe it would be impossible now to discover, and I am convinced that if any ill'feeling existed it was of a purely temporary nature, in consequence of some few inen of both corps being intoxicated. TIChe 1st Jgers have hitherto beei -pleased And alad to mix wi'th their English iomrades, and to conforn to the discipline of the English service, by obeying-th,e aon-com* missioned- officers of other regimena . when brought into contact with them. 3fy service with the 1st 3iaers his'bein oibtof pride ind gratification,:and Iregret,in common with the'officers acd men of it, that they had not an opportunity of ihowing : before the enery what they were made of: - . * t. t - ThEstead of. several huta beinzg knocked don thieextent of damage done to thea dnon-Thurnday evening onsis" of the ' breakaqge 'of not miore akf six or sleven pa-esof 'lO -9 *al'm SW va : ,Mf^la;n5 ..,nn r :t III - I _?, , RORNEY, Ifajorofthe lit 1Jier. : - avr ulult.wLDMIVwl -AUP *J uy IV.:
... . .PAWRLT&A R T777JFLLIAE nvuIS OF L ORDS, MiN.iys JuY 21-. - *R Th lleRoyala bras iv en d byx coXntaisonto lh ollo lug: bills .-Church :Building C ommission1 Court of'Ex;me~ (ScotLand), St.' Sepulchib ]'no,r 'r.blin),Moroantilb ~a(Scotlaimd) Amendmenat, (IRe Lstaion *ofVterin(Sotland),RevenuqTrajsfof Che ,SurVey ofGre&tBsai, c,Drainage Ire:and), G urin uies Irelanid), St=attei noi in Use Repea, Dwellings for LAbbturiiig Classes ifze land). .Aldershott Camp, Encuibeied Estates (Ireland), Prisons (Ireland),Police- (counties audiboroughs), Lo:don gg~o Gn by and Bton Vil1eg 'Ilavay, lIsle ofWight Steam BaRidgwe nd A.e ~MeroollanRaiwa. Wrnandl -Bronygi=t In, s verness and Aberdeen Junction. Railwa. Stirlinand Difermlite- Eailwiy; yLuton District Rod (No.-2), Ceburloitb, &e DistrictRoads, Wimbledon and Croy- Juncti,on Water, CaistalPalao Corop.-ny,.GlocesterGras 2), Thames Hvesa Dock ald iwa ,ondon and ut-esqn Riwyeovl , Eas Iondoin andlTo Rasil, Londonderry andEn kllen Railway, Mid-Kent D1irct Eailwv lBromley.to.St. ary Cray), OxfEord, Worcester anld olFov-erhamption' Railwvay (additional capitl &c.); tttoxeter ad Blyth MarshRoad, Bardusy, &c., 'I ranage,' and Wairneasle's states Bills. The Cominsioners were,. the l4rd Chiscellor, the Earl of H Earrowby; aad Lord Stanley of Alderley.' -The Duke of BUCCLEtOCH-preeented'petitions frojrtbe General Asiembly of the Church of Scotland agaipattlfe deseation of thv Sabbath; sa.number of petitions from various parishes -in Scotlanda aainst he Parochial Schools (Scotland) BilL * . Lora COLVIE presete petitionsfromthe'prishes of Glass and Kildruminy in Aberdeenshiret and the prebytery .of,Dingwadl, against the Parochial Schools (Scotlaned) BlI - fromo a number of law agents in the- conuhtyof ec against the bill for registering lonlg leases mn sotNlad and from the inhabitants -of Skelton against opening the' British .,3useum an&Crystal'I'alabie on,Sun,days,.. ''' REGISTRATION OF TITLES BILL; lord LYI)DUEST said,,he had a question to Rut having reference to a bill ohe+e subjtet of the registration of titles, which had been introeuced ianto.that-honse-by his. noble, -ud ~and fiend on the .woolack. aine~Xwo orthree yeazs? ak, aiid'hifith, afer- being considfered ir a select;co.u~te, hac' be'en sent' dowra to the other lRouse. writh the vei@y general assent of .thieir lordships. What be, came of it~aiftewrds he was unable to say, ex;cept that it had alot become law. Thiat transaction wa-s followed by the appointmentof a commission toinouLe into the sibject. and he wished to ask his noble audlearned friend whether that commision had yet made a report, and if not what was the reasd 'of the dalay; and also whether there was any probability of heir speedily maldng a report? He could not sit down without expressnegn the strongest terms his regret that so manyimportant bills, some introduced in the other House, and others sent dowvn from their lordships ouse, hod been Iost or abandoned in the course of the session. He never remembered so wholesale a destruction in any session. (Hear, hear.) The LORD CHANCELLOR said, the commission referred to had not yet made any report. The bill for the registration of titles which he had introduced in the year 1805 had not met dvith so favourable a reception in the other house as in their lordshipse house. It was referred there to a select committee, who reported against it, but it recommended the appointment of a commission to inquire into the whole subject. In consequence of that recommendation, he had the following year appointed a Royal commission, which, however, hid not yet reported. He had commun_cated with several members of the commission . as to the probability of their being able speedily to make a report, ad theyhad assured him that theyohed looked into the whole subject verv attenti*ely, and had found-as indeed hehad hticimpted-moredifficulties than they had caloulated upon when they had reduced their origial protect to somaething tangible. Hd e believed, however, that they had embodied their recommendations in the shape of a bill to be laid before Parliament. He had himself prepared the heads of a bill of a limited character for the registration of deeds, but he had been stopped early in the session by hearing that there was a probability of the report of the commission being laid before Parliament. Next session, however, unless the -eport wrere presented in the coursse of the recess, he shoulal be prepared to introduce his own smaller measure. Hle shared in the regret of his noble and learned friend that so many important measures had not been proceeded with, but stil very many useful measores had been passed in the course of the session. TE1E RAJAH OF COORG. Tne Mtarquis of CLA-NRICARDE said, he had a question to put to the Govemment relative to the treatment of the Rajah of Coorg by the East India Company. The Rajah was a prisoner of State, held in custody at Benares by the East India Company, and some time ago he had applied to the East India Company for permission to come to this country, partly to superintend the education of his daughter, vho was being brought up as a Christian. He received leave of absence for one year, and on the expiration of that term he applied for an extension of his ieave, but' it was refused; and, as he did not repair to India in pursuance of the directions of the East India .Company, they stopped that Dortion of his allowance which was paid in this country, the rest being applied to the sapport of his relatives at Benares. A more tyrannical and unnust proeeding could not well be imagined. The Rajahhysicianshad advised him that this country was more healthy for him than Benarss, biut the 'East India Company had sent their. own physicians to see him, wlo 'said there would, be no harm in his retuming to India by sea at a certain time of the year. One very important fact was that at this very time the Rajah was carrying on a suit in Chancery with the East India Company. Re thought it necessary that the attention of tho Government should be called to this case, for he could not believe thatthe Government knew anything about it. He therefore asked what were the reasons, why the Directors of the East India Company insisted on this nobleman returning to India, and why they withheld the payment of the allowance they had contracted to give him ? The Duke of ARGYLL said that the individual to whom the noble marquis referred was considered in India a prisoner of war, and he was given leave to come to England for one year. At the expiration of that period he was desired to return to India, and though he asked permission to stay longer, yet, as it was competent for the East India Company to grant that request or not, their withholding the permission could not be considered an act of tyranny. The East India Company considered it objectionable that persons in the situation of this Rajah should continue in England, expending here the revenuegiventhem by the Company. He could not think that there was any reason to impute to the East India Company a desire to impede the Pajah in the prosecution of his lawsuit, because the Rajab. being in India could conduct that quite as well as if he were in England, through the means of legal agents. Very considerable inconvenience was experienced by the locil Government of India by the residence of individuals in the position of this Raiah in England, for they carried on a corresponidence with their former subjects, inducing sometimes a belief that they would recover their power. The Earl of ELLENBOROUGH said, that taking into consideration all the circumstances of the case, lie thought that the conduct; of the Directors of the East India Company was very ungenerous and unwise. At the same time, ne agreed in thinking that it was not for their own advantage, nor generally for the advantage of the government of India, that these princes should come to reside in this country, and prosecute their claims here. Four years ago he privately advised the Rajah to return to Iis own country, and he now publicly renewed that advice. It would be more to his own credit, advantage, and comfort that he should reside in the midst of his own family and friends at Benares, where lie was much respected, than reside as an unknown individual in this country. With respect to the claim made against the East India Company by the Rajah for a sum of cO,000., he could not understand how a question of that Mind betiveen two Indian Sovereigns-for so they both were-could become a matter for adjudication by the English Court of Chancery; but if the Court of Chancery investigated the matter it might discover that the property belonged neither to the East India Company nor to the Rajah, but to the Crown, because, as it was taken in the course of the military operations, which led to the removal of the prince, it became prize of war. He, therefore, strongly recommended the noble duke to suggest to the law officers of the Crown to inquire into the matter. IRISH M=IA. Lord DUNGANNON roso to put a question, connected, as he conceived, with a matter of very great importance. It appeared that on the 5th of July, notice was given to the City of Limerick Artillery Militia that such persons as chose to avail themselves of the permission, might at once depart, and proceed to their own homes. About 57 men availed themselves of that permnision, and were suffered to go home; but they wero deprived of their clothing, and given only 6d. per man to enable them to proceed from Youghal to Limerick. On their road they were o'bliged to pass the night under haystacks or in the open fields, and they reached Limerick in a state of destitr:tion and nakedness. It was also stated that on the 10th of July 240 were dismissed from the Cur. ragh, belonging to the Mayo Rifles, and sent on their journey homewards with onlyone day's pay. Subsequently to these transactions he had been informed that 240 men were dismiwsed from the Queen's County Militia with much about the samo amount of means provided for their journey; that they returned homewithoutclothing andwentaboutbegging forraiment. Itmight besaidthat what was done was strictly according to reguations ; but if so, the regulations refleted very Little honour on the country, and vey little credit on the Government. If any of these unfortunate individuals had, in a state of utter destitntion and want, been-tempted to commit theft on the road, he must say that, though nothing in the eye of the law would justifycrime, yet the moralresponsibility for their conudet would have rested on those who had thus dismissed them. Theycould not forget thecircumstanceenader.which the militia was embodied, the alacrity vith whicl a number of men had obeyed the call to serve their country, and tha3 faithful service they. had rendered.; It might be said that these men, could have applied. to the parish on:their dizchbare; but hesubmitted tbat the union was not a it pla^3 -for those who badhbad the honour of wearing Her Majesty's uniform. -No one 'could tell hew'. soon tho servic?S of these men might'again be requireci' it S,as impo3sible to predictwhait ogd' be the'state of affairs in Europe iin a year or two.' The course whicli had been pursued towards ihem ooW.d4 ot therefore. -ltimately tend 'to advaince the- interests of* the' State. The ish * erer peculirly seisitive to injustzie, iiitd the feeling ausad by he, ill-treatment, of 'these imtn4:ould entene '.t4aevery beualterb e"' Ielaad. 'That'cowitry'wasno ip .'tran'qul but it was certainly imupolitsic to turrn a number of men' loose uponr it-' ivithout the means of obtaisiing 'employment, - They had been led tix'expect thi.t the disem. 'bodSment-of-thihita-would not- take plae al r.. h vFest- but -hleeowundd iit was .now.fixed4!or the 7th of gAire ro period :'.e4employi ent was V scarm 4nS tSeoq ui pIroprixt6. Jf the Goverrmentintende4 t s t tiforce gai. for 28'dayP trailing' hi watiafraid that very few woillan arr X6 the tusir rolli They.mighb depend upon . i. hat'there woulclbe apenOA1 f g.oughout lela that the. GovermienJiA net actedproperly in telling, the brave menwwho hid ome fobr -ward to serve their vDuntry,, 'when their peried -'of seirvioeo ,ha ex1 W n. oe aw%y with youl H did n6fsjli heivnn was boundYto provide ther wvitl'emplo3uiint, but they .certainly ID ave been dilssed wth suitble - -clothing and in a proper sanner. He2hojed the nohlt lior the Secretary for War, would he ableto toll theRtuo eitber that the. satements to wdhich le had rferred l ere un-. founded, or tlat these nproceedings bdirot receeiedi thi Wanctionrof te4 Gevern- mntj -His wuetions would; at any .rate, hae the effeet of convincing the peopb Df Iela that their grievances were not regaed by liaent-with indifference.. The noble lordeoncluded by a,sdig the S .tary for War whether he had xeceivdd dany o0 ommii. CAtion as5o the dismissalof 57Smen of 'the City of limerick ,Artilleiy ,llhtii froni Yenchil orn the 5th* in,.who awerei ,suffered to depa, many ethe m,With' es'c ily y clothdug, and who had to proceed ill the w;l.y to -Iierick with only 6d..aVXotted`o each individuial and'.als,, whether it -was correct that 240 men were discharged on the lOth iist. from the Curi%igh,belongig to theMayo RiIes,tofndtheir ,way-,home vwth oily onoe iy's pay allotted tothem? ILord PANkURE. said,. th noble' lord'a firt question related to the dismissal of 57 men of the City of Limerick Artillery a hilitia froii YougEal on the-5th2inst.- and the noble lqrd drew a very menlacholy rpict*@e o f theircondition at the time of their disllarge,. He could only stat in snswer to that question thati hc had received no informaAioU,joffidial or private, on the subject; -and the lord'Iaeutenant havng been recently in Limerick would pro. hably have informed, the Government if ahny case of that ,descniption had occurreod. In answer to the noble lord's second question, as to tho edischarge of 240 men. from the Currigh with only one dty'ipay;he had to statethat the zaen Itere not disciarggid, bait permitted, at their 'own request, to go to their homes in.orde:r to endeavour to find work;end theyowere aIloBedoRweceivs 'edertiinronorthon of the amount duerpogtes t*a fat t hie tiiofterem odg.te - serviae-} - }lehaeve i:- sed:that'tb>*itmroftsh renot .to be d smbodiaid&tilltft. hrhar,vest lbiaitist-ice.requied that Inshmeiia*ould be, ireated as Eaigimelu and Scotchmen, and this w uonld be done., The BaV l of EDLE'BCROUGH wishedto enow whether any measures wnere-Ipn)gress to effect the disembodiauent and transpeortation X otheir own coumnter of hie foreign troops who were now retanng here 9 Lord PANMURE.-Mhaasures are in pogress for thec disiembodiment of the forlgn legion, and we hopetoeffect it at a very early period. Viscount DENGANIEON wished tc know whether he was to understand that the statemen that hadbappteaed in the papers reative to the Iimerick militia was slafounded . Lord PANMUs E had only statedsthat he had received no inoormation on the subject. OIIR RELATIOK-S WITH TEE BBAZILS. The Earl of t Me ALMESBUtRY rose to move for copies of any colrespondence that had lately taken place betwoeen Her iajesty's Government or the British 3envoy at Rio Janeiro and the Brazilian Goverrment on the subject of the slatve trade. As he sawthat the correspondenc e atld been promised to the other Holue of Parliament by the noble lord at the headtoffthenGovement,he might asine that thernoble earl (Clarendon) would ateonce cocur inthis motion. It might be supposed therefore, thathe need no' detain their lordships, but the subject wes one of paramount imteortanc, and he might have no other oeportunity of calling attenfion to it during the present session. It ap,?eared that owing to a correspondence, which he could not lescribe in any other termis than as riUjudged, the Brazilian Government wsere greatly offended with the Government of this country, and the disue ssions that had taken place ir, the Representative Assemby of BraSils appeared to threaten a deixolption of the amicable relations betoeentretplcoantries. Itseemred to him that there was scaredly a single ccuntry the friendship andaliance of which wereoof greater conseluencetoGreat Britain than the friendship and aLiance of the Brazils. It was entitled to English sympathies, as Iel from its position as from its characterL sithout offend ig that Government or the Sardinian Government, he might say of Brazil that it was the Sardinia of South America, for, whils the other States of South grmeat a> with the eoception of Chili, wGere almost all under the despotism of republican anarchy, the Brazilians wemre enjoying a constitatiobnal Govern erdt and every day reaping increased prosperity. Their trade with Great Britain rast immense, it d, looking forward to the changes and chances which might affect our rela tions with the wnited States, there was no country the alliance of which would be of greater consequence than the Brazils, supposing, unfoirtunately, that we should beat war te ithtie Un ited States. If wve should then be on unfriendly terms wdith the Brazrls privlteerh might be sentfrom the Brazilian coast to annoy our trade, and adventurers from the UJnited States might thus inflict vrery great injurs t upon os u commic erce, doreat iBritain had always be'e on' very' goile6d'tinsi vith the Brazilian empire; hut there had been disputea in relation to the slave trade, which used to be carried on with great Obarbrity and to a great extent in tho Brazils. In 1824 a treaty was made with the Brazilianl Government for the tota l abolitionof the slave trade, and mixed conrts were appointed for the trial of offences. Matlterswere, ho,ever, shortly afterwarls in so unsettled a state in the Brazils that the slave trade wgas not suppressed as was desired, and in 185 the nobe earl (Aberdeen), who was then Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, took a strong step, whichhc wrould not find fault with, as it answered its purpcse, and was, perhaps, necessar y at that time. An act of Parliament was passed prohibiting all Englishmen froml carying on the slave trade permitting British cruisers to capture all vessels engged in thheslave trade w thin Brlzilian waters, and empowrering them to crize in all Bra deilian watrs and to seize slave veasels umder the very guns oE Briazilian fortresses ao stronger steop could be taken, and the Brazilian Govern. ment felt humiliation and anger at tbe terms of this treaty, although they wrere obliged to submit to the superior force of this country. Years passed on, and partly by the efforts uru i Iers-and, it as only justice to say, partly in consequence of the sihcere and loyal co-operation of the Brazilial Government-the slave trade in that country decreased most rapidly. In 1852 the ir itation and humih! ation oy the Brazilian Government were exceedingly great I for thea thought Great Britain had legalized a ndind of piracy Jbrthe purpose of aboeshingte slavertde. The Govers entof Lord Derby thought the time had come wahen to action of this law might be modified, and said they feit so much confidence in the loyal intention of the B erazilian Government to suppress the slave trade that they swould not abolish that act, but sspend it. ip to this time the act had remained suspended, and the slave trade had decreased most rapidly, so that in the course of two or three years not more than twoorthree savers were seen on that coast, and they had been captured and taken. About the end of 1855, however, a slaver managed to land a cargo, and it appeared that 47 of these slaves w-are kidnapped and taken no -the country. Out of those 47 0l or 12 made their escape, so that not1 more than about 20 of these slaves were taken. Mfr. Jeraingham, our Charg6 d'Affaisres at Rio, presented a note tao the Brazilian Government, the terms of whicl, to say the least, were most ancourtsoua. He might not be in order, andgitswouldertaiwly be ano unalos if he were to read thc supposed despatch, as published irtn the pblic jousnalsb when he was moving for a correct copy of the correspondence; hut he did not eraggerate the fact in characterizing it as n ost ancourteeus. i. Jernyngham, after stcting the exltreme disappointment of the English Government at the laxity of the Brazilian Government, proceeded at once to say that, if thee were any repetition of such a ground of complint, the humiliating aect of 1S45 would le put in^ force; and, not satisfied w.ith that mortifying threat, he further said that British vessels would enter the harhours and rivers of the Brazils anod seize the slauvers, and that, if the Braziliant coutrts did not convict the offendeos, English courts wonld be found to have tho couirage to do so. He had hoped that, from the momes't the noble earl entered the Foreign-office, a certain style which pervaded the correspcondence of that offsce woald be at an end. The style wae alluded to commenced. ir the year 1880, and continued to the year 8l41. It then disappeared, but It began again in the year 1846, and continued to the end of the yeanr l51. It Was a ve. peculiar style. Whatever the circumstances, the stereotyped despatchopenedoby epressing the ancaalified displeasure of Hier MKajesty's Governmuent, and corcladed with senme menace. The 31uaster of FRormign^ Affairs always sounded his trumpet from the highest note in the gamul, and the c onsequence was he could never use any othler note wvithout descending in the scale. He did notthirl;- that was ajudicious modeof conducting our foreigna affairs because stron,g nations rebltaitfedby ins6lent replees, and wesaknat2ons retainedadisliketotheE; glishGovernrnent ranklin g in their minds, and, perhaps, leading to a dislike of the English' people. (Hear, hear.) Althoutgh he might h'ave had to fnds fault with his noble friend for es- hi moting; too much of the fortitem- in s-c he never anticipated having'to accusse him of the want,' as in this case, of micatitcr in mnode. The note from the Brazilian Minister d isLad geat ager and mortification, but was written in very dig nifledauguage. He di.d not wish to quote the notebut the BrazUiiso uinister said he ha-d explainedl thiss very case to Mr.-Teraingham,tthat he hadshowasMrAerningham niany of the slav-es had been recaptured, andl that he had promised to recapture as many more as possible. That inuterview took plce early in February, ian the note was writteis on' te7th of March.. Hle supposed that in the meantime a despatch had been reezived from the Fore'gn-ffic inrel to the Jirs-t account of the transactioii whic was sent home. The BrTazilian. -Mnister subsequenltly Ahowed that mnily. 20 slaves. remained not r'ecaptured, andi he said the pursuit,,was *stoppei. because the'prevalneo elw fever ~d tci tahasameofthetpis lul be lost. 'The'Braxiliaui .MinSmetrdetaijedth6,d enltea mcident1o,the georsblic al nature of the;bouunTr, -and closed Isis desp atch .expzes. ing his atnsietates~iitn lrs'~tenla Minlsteir, when, 'on thi '4th of, Debruary,2fr. Jernin rsam7 ~cordlbhmnnedth railian Governiment oni1.m tekojitre,of the Mary Smith.' We h hmes~mtgetnd.a tionat sucha note beirgpresentea tb the Bazidlian- ~Govern.' meht'vie~#pesed'b -all 'rtiesi TIheKin g synipathized w,ith tlhat disUpprobatson.- Tho p7ubli preqs,0 Sto asiit, *wnsl ver violent againtt'us_, and-two of -thw meetdistiagmilabe spden6unee& rconduct as meat-unjqust sasd'liaut~'m Oh6r` nielmbers 6f -the ~Chamnbers pebrap'wt less judgmcmt, baitYwith'so lesoe f n.he,advr open&ty,"se ar me,s:ely-toiJe oonsidered.asthsealavesaand CrvnQf-reet jkitiln~-if Great Britain is to inflict these strofr germeasm es, the only, wSlEe can a< is to forni othersIM&E -- A'& n they pIaIny-at f sh+.heM,mn aaesof an'aliane9wjh~-be Unsthd SttP,obsevi=gh,.t, wa respect to Slavery the. w'ildnseet ijth:uo difflicitieswbatevrn- 3:e roiLld aS the nioble lord whethr suc an llance btweenL th6l3i3 saId the hiitld Statz was desired by this country? I Hear.) CoEidring th-Amount of our trade -with the Bar l,thei polieal pod*on, and their decent- from. onfigijnet' ancient allies, the lioet, he- con'iredir the nohe earl to PaQsynat re.pect to the Braziuir Govern ent wWhiE h' t o'ight t;ho diiienedj to' b ilieceaueit-*a& ourinterest to re thse e ni', bR t b;araee -VhevbLad -xit done their bes to put -n end-to the aive trade.-_[Har, hear.) Of the go faith of -the Brailiin Governmanit h had 'oroof in 1852 *bnle,n,-hc ;-idxiaed his noble frienid (t4ke I Earl of Derby) to susend .'act. Ee hadnow also ifrlvat P iï¿½otioLto~tbe lame effect, on which be-could and, aLsthesla lve tr2ae ounld only be stoppedhy the.dt' mainationof thbeazslian Government;to.stop at, .hejeqn treated the noblelord not to restra2i hixhhelf--for thena ias uon danger from himr of uaelessand tin toreats--butto LitAin the rud and amacisevous zeal bof ' nbordinatea. (Heii, hear.) The noble eil concluded bhymovingf'or the paper&: The Earl'of. CLARXE,ND,0who was very indistinctly heard, -was -understood toSsay tht-he econccurredinagreat deslwhich had fallen- from then oble-earL.-He tlougt the noble earl head not exaggerated the importance of a good iderstanding between the Brazils andithis country, xadha& correctly.deicribedtheadvint4ges tolbederlveAfrbm it. We were extremelygrateful-and that gratitude hidh-becaeonstltyzeipresed iParlnt inthe press, and in olil desptches-to the Brazilian Government for theomatner in wbhihthey hiad succeded in putting dowrn the slave trade. Re saio' tookethe same vie w ns his nobl friend -ibout 'lhe act to hichl he had referred. The ict s not n operation at the present moment, and the BrazUian. Government were perfectly aware that Rer Majesty's Goveirnment 'bad no objection to alter the provisions of that ac, if equally stringenet provisions to ' obtain the same obJect were secured by treaty. Such a treaty was under considstation two years ago, but the Brazilian Goveimnuent obj6otedto grant the same conditions. It was, therefore, tbhe iiUlt of the Brazilian Goverinment ad not - ocrfault *4t d 5.il e4sa anil wi:,th it tepwro en the Brazilian Government.' Athough the slave trade bidl [bezieffecleally put down;ihere had-been certain occur-' iences within the last year and ahalf' whictraised'welL founded apprehensions that the trade might ber.e-established. The Brazilian Government hid neglected to take any measures for effectual colonization. ana mmi gration. The slaves had died off, and there had been a remLrkable mortality, owing to cholera and yellow fever. The oonsequences were:-thatthe handsforfield labour-werevery short, the price of slaves had risen enormously, and the temptation to engage in a very profitable trade had greatly increaseL The prices were rising, and apprehensions existed. that attempts would be made to supply the slave-market. Those attempts were made las year, and upon a very considerableI scale, the parties no doubt speculating upon the duration of! the war in which we were then engaged, and the consequent difficulty of sending a sufficient naval force either to the African or to the Brazilian coast to prevent the renewal bf the trafic. In the course of the last year notice was given by the Brazilian Government to the President of the province of Pernambaco, that a slaveship was expected to ,and her cargo upon that coast. The vessel did arrive, and exactly at the spot which had been indicsated, but the police were al absent, and it w;as onlyaftersome time, bythe act of a gentleman residing in the vicinity, who took on himself the duties of the police,that abontl60 of the slaves were seized. The vessel was a schooner of 130 tons only, which had on board nO less than 200 slaves. So little vigilance had been used, so little desire existed to prevent the introduction of the cargo, that two d.ays after the arrival of the vessel one person vrent down and carried off 40 of the negroes, and two days later another person selected 60 others. Representations were made upon the subject to the Brazilian Government, couched in terms of courtesy, such as the noble earl had prescribed. Complaints of negligence and connivance were made against the President of Pernambuco, who not only would not allow the police to prevent the landing, but also would not permit any inquiry to takle place upon the spot, but removed the investigation to a place six leagoeI from that vhere the landing had been effected, and where all eyewitnesses of it could easily have been procured. Moreover, in order that the gentleman who had seized the 160 slaves should not give evidence upon the subject, the president incluaed him in the list of persons accused, and thus prevented him from bemg examined as a wvitness. When these facts came to his (the Earl of Clarendon's) knowledge he instructed Mr. JTernin,ghau, in the event of nothing beinlg done by the Brazilian nuthorities in consequence, to inform thlat Government that it would) be the dut,y of H4er Mlajesty's Government to enforce the operation ofthe act of Parliamcent to which the noble earl had referred. fThe noble earl then referred to a despatch from Mr. Jermnigham, dated March 14, in which that centleman stated that every post brought him information of the renewed landings of slaves ueon the coast of Pernambuco, and complaining of theutter ab6ence of efforts for the restoration of stolen blacks. Mr. Jerningham further stated that he hLd brouoht the matter to the notice of the Brazilian Minister, and saowed him the private letters of the British Consul at Pernambuco upon that subect.] It was unde: t*hose circumstances that Ir. Jsrninghain felt himself justHied in actingupon hllalistructmes, and in addressing to the Brazilian Government that noticetwhich the noble earl kd referred. It ws nerfectly true that the Brazilian Government was angry at that communication. It was also perfectly true that debates took place iu the Brazilian Chambers upon it, and that the BraziliauMinisterhadaddressedto himself a remonstrance, urging that it was a mnortlication to the feelingsof the Braziin Government. He (the Earl of Ciarendon) had replied, of course, that it was not the intention nor the desire of Her Majesty's Goveumnent to mortifk the Brazilian CGovermnent, but that the notice had been given from a fear that, owing to 'the altered circumstances of Brazil, great preparations were being made for the renewal of the slave trade, and it was intended in a friendly manner to put the Government of that country upon its guard that it might take Proper sopeP in that matter. He trusted that all ill-will had departed from the minds of all persons in Brazil upon this subject, and that the Government there had recognised the justice of the representations which had been made-as indeed he believed was the case-for it had already removed the President of Pernambuco from his post, and had given the beat proof of its sincerity in undertaking to suppress the slave trade by appointing in his place the former Minister to this country, than w oum a more honourable or up right man did not exist. (Hear.) Under these circumstances, and after the explanations which had been given, he hoped the Brazilian Government had ceased to entertain any in-vill upon this question, and had acquitted Her Majesty's Government of any wish to inflict mortification upon them. With respect to the papers for which the noble earl had moved, some of them were already printed with other papers relating to the slave trade, and the remainder of the correspondence, which had occurred since March last, would be printed next year. The Earl of ABERDEENZ said, the act referred to had been introduced by himself 10 or 1 lyears since, although with very great reluctance. He believed that act was justified at the time by the circumstances which then exiLsted, but undoubtedly it was a measure of extreme severity, only to be justified by strong necessity. At the time of the passing of the act he had assured theBrazilian Government of his regret at having to propose- such a measure, and that nothing would give him greater pleasure than being able to move for the reueal of that act. 'He had even hoDed that the time for repiealing the act had come, and on]j yesterday he had been prepared to communicate writh his noble friend the Foreign Secretary upon the subject, but he regretted to find that what he had imagined had been completely effected by the Brazilian Government had not taken p lace, and that there wrere sonue symptoms of a renewal of the slave trade. Uinder these circumstances he could not blame the threat, as it was called, of a renewal of the act; but he hoped, from what had taken place, that the conduct of the Brazilian Goverment was, and would continue to be, such as not only would render unnecessary any enforcement of the act, but would also speedily render its total repeal justifiable and practicable. He qnite agreed with the noble earl opposite, that this country was bound to regard Brazil with more than ordinary interest, for the conduct of thai; country had been very different from that of .other States in South America. (Hear.) The miintenance of amicable relations with that countrywas most' desirable, and he hoped the explanations of Her Majests Government would be sufficient to attain that end. (hear, hear.) The Earl of LMA1ESBURY observed, in reply, that he thought his noble friend or his agents had been e xtremely raistaken in the manner in which the communications had been conducted with the Brazilian Government. It was 'with the manner, and not with the spirit, that he had to find Zault with his noble frieno. The motion was then agreed to. THE FORTRESSES OF ISMAIL AND BENL The Earl of MALMESBURY asked whether it was tn that during the occupation of Wallachia and Moldavia the fortresses of Ismail and Reni had been totally dismantled s It was manifest that the delta of the Danube could not be of any service to Russia so long as those fortresses were rasintLined, but if they were not restored to their pristine state it would be as much open to the invasion of Russia as before the war commenced. Considering that we had taken possession of Kinburn, :Kertch, and Eupatonia, and other fortresses on the coast, it aipeared to him that they had not made anything like a fair exchange. He Cnertfore asked whether-it was tre that those fortresses had been dismsantled, and whether any more fortresses were to be built on the Danube; and, if so, whether the treaty' of drianople would prevent any Turlish troops from being stationed there? 1t must be evident that it was of great eonsequeoce that the Turkish troops 'should garrison these iortrensse. He would askthe noble earl another question.- It appeared-hat about two months ago lis noble Iienad 3ent i. lmister from this country as its mepresentAtive at the Court bf St. Petersburg. Lord Wodehouseha&been there for a moonth past, but it did. not appe that any 'inisï¿½ter, or any one representing Rusia, bad arrived on tbese Ehores from the Russan Court He' thought, After a great war such ashadjsstpased,Goverunents 'should stidy tiese fo'-n-alittli- iore minutely, and not ru. 'the Irik of jeopardi=ig HIer jesys dignity by seusding au sit ssndor to St. =r g1gr %5a length of tira,' withot the retur of eeetati *thio. Uourt of :Ruse, in 'ile countiy. -Therefore ois ket i.now whetiWe Ia* dMinisterfrom StfPeter I*%e cted,azd.whether 'an`r4eetation had beern u te Rsn Goerinntmthe subectwith a vier noi r-why 'he had not; *Jvedarriv .!:ed? .1C :.. : ' '' -The El of {CLARXEDON.1 wgill aiisier the uestjon, ' With3ereardtothegesjaio M; to'te fot eae9 df Tai 1andBani, I esnot eay stdat wha Is b'ee Om 13~~~~~~~atnlj done aibo oiin i ,m1w "f !have :1e oeupied wit ote sineae ~- ^nd ' lhior o~ 7et ee al~l!to liv ther Afteixtlot_iOg ` 1aS of ,Ye ibrtre.. I hav . heard 'tb i froen ^t Petisb gi ththezeioa beozee ieo of whabiA been ie zpot. . hIh ' doutb hoevr hat; those ~tcru.e have heeb dimstie, and I .iIi-is v ana on Y i ot.ofeRi a Gornmment.; lere ere 3o. regulireepres ak orlarrixement made about theimanerin ihiï¿½li 1 o- treles -hould be given up. I should have airsiderd it a mstan alnnt t.o require any. 'erplaatiou saste-t wa in which a thin as t-b don the:wnag Oiferenc of opinion I cnderd the G mm -to that -they bonfidered itiat -they lied a m61til-t-h ndary of the frontier wamrkedonou,M .tWcountry had been -ew6-er -to Ahe aihoz to demolish any forhreuminxi the! uaubeinthe: er ms the allies had- to- dli +he fctees.a"t;&asoond. But thre is ths-ver get d;iOnoiorj>- ;the pic laskbeesigoed nothin hat bon Aemb6dlr' bj he, sffis nor any act of agpgeion -omitmd;-whel.sthe Uimiaxa. tlingofthesefortretook place er; V6ScewtiM We being inposse 13 Eupatojri; ofKiba l and, mnore ticularly, of Kit*h, we might, -in eliaion,- have cestred all the publi works ef thos a hut we considered hat, as soon as Peaoewsmnad,oesbe . b cae R=u#ian, and it would have hen d,ahoeoorbo c !t to nieddle with- those works; .and,dno as samer priniple, we cont,end tha Russ hdnonigbt.to niddle w th tes Danublin 1reae~ BucDlay lords i's -thfe OpiiDioE 6fer ajesys Goermnt onti subjet (lie.ar,sr.) 'There is aoe fortres to which my noble roisud has not iallued-4hatofXara-eoaaeung-wbichl ha.emade some ini from the R a Government, he ainswer which- w received s atihemomaent peaq was sgned a Impel order wat sent to . Kar dir-ecting that nothing - thete should be destroyd, butitwas s ted hat before that order arrived some destruction ofthe-worlks bad already token piae, The moment, however, the. Imperial 3anud&4eached xjo furthr dauage was done. 7here- ha beon- a report that o l-a part oï¿½fthe territoryth-at intobeeOdeatoodlav-ecrAtii Crown lands havebeen sold, and th -aniwer to aninqury onilsis subject is, thakt srS toritie-were roce&ing to sell crown lanas, but tat -the Mussioan Goveasu t *amitt2that th' >bsn lon4er teiS to dealwith. TheRus. sian Government have stated -it- the *roet te tt th Ot i X6 carryon everting connetead with the peain the mnotfaithiul nmanner, and i can only hope that ror the future nothing will occur to de*roy the goodwill on whichthat peacepsfonded. Withreoecttotihelastinquir of the noble earlas to the arrival of alRussian nbissador totis country I have to state that in the last- commsonicationreceived through Baron Brunow, an officil announce. ment was made that Count Erujaowitch was appointed to thisCourt, ana that no disrect was intended to Her Majesty by the delay. I have inquired not only into the reasQn of that delay, hut when an Ambassador may be expctd, andI have beeninformedXthahemay bieexpected here about the cud of this month, and that his non-arval been the zesult of unavoidable causes The Earl of 7LENBOROTJGH said, the same precautions should have been adopted by the Government with regard to these fortzesses whuch, as far as his memory went, had invariably been adopted-when the surrender of fortresses was made the subject of treaty. He believed it was invariably the cae that provisions were ierted, prescribing in the most detailed terms the state in -which the fore.esses should be given up, and whether the guns, the ammunition, the archives, and the plans should also be given u?. If the noble earl took the trouble to inquire, he would have found that this was always provided for, and if he had not taken -the same precautions the blame for whet had transpired reaUy rested with him. (Hear.) ie (the Earl ofEllenborough)regrettedcvery much that in this instance, and in the los am portant one to which the noble earl had adverted, there should be the least glimmer of misunderstanding between the Russian Government and the Government of this country with reference tothe performance of the treaty. (Hear.) The Earl of CLARENDON.-The remarks of the noble earl are founded upon cases in which the fortresses are named in the treaty. Now. in this case the fortresses wdrs not named. The Earl of DERBY.-If they were not named, that is. only an additional insance of neglect. (Hear.) The chief value of these territoriesno doubt consistedinthefortresses, andtheomiisioa to namethemis,Irepeat, aninstanceofgreat.. neglect on the part of tl- nioble earl. The nuble earl admits that in this case Russia hasbeen gauilty, if not of a breach of faith, yet of a breach of understanding, which does not seem -to augur very well for the coatinuance of the peac negotiated by lim. 'What I wish to know, however,, is whether the noble lord has received the same answer from the Russian Government with regard to his remonstrances on the subject of these two fortresses which he says has been received from thei viwith regard to Kars? The Earl of CLARENDON reminded the noble earl that the territory ceded by Russia on the banks of the Danube was not ceded principally on account of these two fortresses, nor did they form the most impartant partof that territory. The object was to prevent Pussia from having anv access to the Danube, anMthat object would be secured. As to the point mentioned by the noble earl, he had not received any conclusive answver with respect to the fortresses of Ismail and lReal. CONSOLIDI)TION OF THE STATUITE LAW. Tho LORD CHANCELLOI rose, pursuant to notice, to eall the attention of the House to 'the -secona repart of the Comraissioners for Consolidating the Statute Law. The sub. sect, he said, was one of rather a dull and uninviting eharacter, but he trusted that, considering its great importance, their lordships would allow him for a few moments to occupy their attention. It would be in the recollection of some of their lordships that, immediately after the session of 1I84, Her Majesty was advised by the Government to issue her commission t-a number of distinguished legal umnctionaries and persons who hadfilled high situations in the law, authorizing them to consolidate the statute law, as far as they should consider it advisable, with power to introduce into that consoldation any portion of the common law of the land which they might think necessary to make it work smoothly and welL In accordance with a suggestion from a noble and learned lord not now present (Lord Lyndhurst), the commissioners were farther authorized not merely to consolidate the pas'. law, but as far as they could to make any reoimuendation which occurred to them as toan improved mefh'odoffuturel-slation. He need hardly say tht the-whole task was one of almost overwhelming difficulty,. The statutes of this realm were contained in about 40 folio volumes, printed, as their lordships were aware, in very small tvpe and presenting the most uninviting aspect. They numbered altogether about 15,0110. At the outset he might observe that the appdintment of this commission p.utook in no respect of a party character. (Hear, hear.) The first point to which their attention was directed vas as to the mode in which they should proceed. It was suggested that there onght to be a sort of general sketch of the whole of those statutes, ranged under different heads, which should be consolidated. In the endeavour, however, to improve and simplify the lan,guage in wich these statutes were couched, and to introduce any tportion of the unwvritten law. vvhich seemned necessary, such extremue difticulty was soon experienced tl:at the COuTSe determined upon v..was to maXe a general and improved classification, and then to proceed to conxolidate rnder these differeut heads the different statutes. The sabject vas divided into criminal law-law relating to property, and the law relating to merentile matters. That did not exhaust the sabject, but it went a long way to do so. The commissioners made a report at the end of the last session of Parliament. and stated what they had done, although the bills upon which they were errmloved were not in a state to be introduced to Parliament. But then they found that their worke wonld be useless -nless an improved method of -legislation were adopted for the future, for otherwise, very soon after consalidation -was effected, she work would have to be recomnmenced and done over again. In their report laid before Parliament last session they therefore made the following suggestion:- " We, therefore, leg leave to sabmit to your lajesty ihat in our opinion the most effectual method for insuring simplicity and uniformity in, or othenrise improving, the form and style of future statutes, would be the appointment of an officer or-board, with a sufficient staff of assistants, whose dutyitshould be:-Toadvise on the legaleffect of every bill which either Mon. of Barliament should thinak At to refer to them, and, in particular, onthe existing site of the law affected bh the proposed bill, its larguage, and structure, and its operation on the existing law; and also to point out What statutes it repeals, alters, or modifies; and wlhether any satutes, or clause of statutes, on the sine subject:mt ter are left unrepealed or conflicting; so that the House m have at its command the materils which will eible it to deal properly with the alIt" This inibject was5fully o.asidered during the recess, and early in the oreseoat session of Parliament the commissioners canme l;& the unaniOUs conluion flot the atp,here recoinmended was absolutely necess, inorder topu ,egi lation upon a creditable footing for the future It was neessary, nowever, that such a course, if tken, shoud be taen at he beginning of the session se Parliawent The comminsioners had sugested, and the Government intendedto propose, the appointment of anoffioerwloshould perfermenivth regard to public bills dutiec in a great. area- sure anaiogow; t7o those 'which- weire-performe ~rpra a. hills by the standing counel, -with this difference, however, that he was to be appointed by both Houses of Parliaojient. There was a precedent for that in the examiner of 'standing - order;, who was the samne individual for bbth'llouies, and was aprPointed by both Hlouses. Of course - it would noV be -his duty to. interfere in aniy 'wa with the policy of bills. It often 'haspn both vith! bill introducedbhyprivate members'and bythe Governmentthere&beingmo nersori whose immediate'dutyit was toblook into thea publicbills to see -how far they karmonize&with,_ existng laws, how farthey clashed with current legisation and howfa their language was such as ought to be *AdD~tesi -that blunders orept imA which caused thLe greratest*ccnfudsion;' .and o'ften- me6essitated the repeal of thebills themsAiies in, th -comrse -of th6 next se-csion.. scarcely a sesson 6la3p*ed without -an instsnte' of this.- The sippointment of such an officer'-would have-the -iostdescription. A great opojrtionof the statutes:on tht~statute book were not whit an otecountries ves ealled lav. lt,li*& always been 4the piolicy of this countai.to Weer to the L -s1atre matters whic were odiWnarily mee-Iaters of ad Unarton; suc'h aesth~ epuition of the army ir*azAZ , -Sn an133I nste'rs4 -ocal 'lepsitoi.an, h ilre - Th mvoment these actir had dode-their iduit-ther-e- wa-i no lob" 'r any nesoessity- 4hat-they.should reWan -a,jilace on the sti_ntbool_ -They were-mnerely tevMp-a ssActeni
HOUSE OF COMMONS, Monday, July 21. The Speaker took the chair at 4 o'clock. The Lords' amendments to the foliosvin«* bills were considered and agreed to :-Dorset Central Railway ; Imprisoned Debtors' Discharge Society ; Perth, Almond Valley, and Methren Railsvay; Shresvsbury and Welchpool Railway. The Talbot Divorce Bill was read a tnird time and passed. The Brydges" Estate ?? was read a secoad time. " Petitions were presented by Mr. Wickham, from inhabitant householders »nd ratepayers of Bradford, Yorkshire for an inquiry svith the view of the abrogation of the article in the recent treaty of Paris relating to the right of search ; by Mr. Kkr Sbymer, from the Bridport board of guardians, in favour of ratepayers' control over county expenditure ; by Mr. Gvvtn, from the clergy and laity of the church of England and of the members of the Tithe Redemption Trust, praying that the tithes or tithe rentcharges that may henceforth fall into the hands of the Ecclesiastical Commissioaers may be restored to the respective parishes whence they arose ; by Mr. Kinnaird, from the clergy and parishioners of St. James's, Kensington, in favour of the weekly half-holyday and the opening of British Museum on Saturday ; by Sir W. Clay, from the chairman of an anti-Mormon meeting, for an inquiry into the character »ad teaching of the Mormons ; by Mr. Kirk, from the merchants of Newry, against the Mercantile Law Amendment Bill ; and by Sir E. Perry, from the President, Vice-Presidents, and Committee of the British Indian Association at Calcutta, piaying that the Iato changes in the Legislative Coancil may be carried further, so as to admit a due represeatation of the iateresfcs of the people of India. STANDING ORDERS. Colonel WILSON PATTEN, in moving the adoption of the report of the Committee for the Revision of Standing Orders, stated that the committee recommended that upoa the third reading of ? ?? none but merely verbal amendments shonid be received; the decision as to what were verbal amendmeats to be -with the Speaker. They also recommended the adoption of » standing order to prevent the voting of money from the revenue of India vñthout the recommendation of the Crown. Such a standing order already existed svith regard to the revenue of this country. It was only by accident that tho Indian revenue had been omitted frpm it ; but the omission was not discovered until the necessity for this standingj order was made apparent in the course of the proceedings rathe <«*se of tbe ifasvab of Surat. The only other recommendation to which he need refer was, that » standing order should he »dopted providing that all. committees should sit on Wednesdays without the permission of the House being obtained upon a motion. The steading order -with regard to the third readings of bills should not, he suggested, ¡aome into operation until the commencement of next session. The hon. and gallant member concluded by moving that the House should agree to the recommendations ofthe committee. On the question being put "thai no amendment no», being merely verbal shall be made in any ?? on the third reading, Lord R. CECIL opposed the recommendation of the committee. Lord HOTHAM suggested that it might be desirable fc tho House to pass » sUading order similar to that adopted m another place, declaring th»t after a certain elate ihey would receive no bilk from the House of Lords.' Mr. WILKINSON regretted that the committee had made no recommendatioa with regard to the privilege of raising questions ou the motion for the adjournment ofthe House untiLMonday. He thought it vras most desirable that that privilege should be abolished, or, at all events. circumscribed. This recommendation was then agreed to ; as was also that with respect to the sittings of the committees on Wednesdays. -, ;" On the giieslion being put lh»t the House should adopt as A standing order,-" That this House wffl not receiveany petitioa; or proceed upon »uy motion for. a chargé upon the revenues of the East India Company, without the recommeEdátiiin of the Court- óf Directors, einciioiied by the <^mmission.erefórtheAffisn«3pf)ïdiV''. '.:-?; - ; " 'SfcE.. PJSRRY!moved_th»t this order ßhoulä Se rejectedr of the House ?|< _ ??????; »nduearned member was proceeding to explain in detail; his objections to the standing order, when lie was iaterropted by the; Yeoman Usher of.the Black Rod, who summoned the Commons to" the House òf Lords fo svitness th'e;ceremony of giving the Royal assent by commission to v»rious biUsr, for.which see Lords' report.) ?? the return of the Speaker, · »,' » Sir'E; PERRY Äsrimed, öteiving thst the incon- ?*??--"? .'"..'.?? Jr" -.'Piri?T*9- «? wie power ot »pi *.o;ParTiment when tbeyjr*»dsuff«red viroiiir. ".ffi'th mpve^.th.aomuæio'n-ofthe brder. ' J ; ;' -r^'-i «? Mr.¡Y%SInlTHi«cHt^d"«r«5d"that thér-sbnttoeorder was s-itcesfîary f or the-:pi-«f«çtam,«tf the bdian s-év«¿u«i. !»?? icggedto -r«^i^d.tbe,àorf. «nä l<»rr^"Mnaer£Mn(Sir33. .PerrjJ.that rt híd receiyed'.he approval of aUsfei loèmbér» ofr the coinmittee .«*e»pt.fcimself. ,H« ;boped it wodä'iwt " - --.-,-.-.----------,. . --. t^tlwjiM.tórepi-eÉieBtjariy -?wiongs'.of which.they.'bmreasonfo««o-?????·, were'-ea,jojedbyjay'ofHerJI^estj's.îubjeA., " "·.' . '"??-?"? C6lonapATeËNe«4ros8t»dhi» K»«Ul»ea».to .»-absg-tte fié tìiewords, ;«· wiftTOt th?????»??*&?<* ¿? ??* Cpmpuiy fãncfaoned by the Combissioaër» cfor ihe'AJJJûra ofIndis," these words, "without the rv»*orimeniUK0u'" theCfovn).'' - ,; -·. i-i.-.»· ?S¥Î5R^G.*^hiîi^TemoYe a iiiiseoncéptìon·which existed, ihat natives of IndiAcouìd not sueíhè «3ov«rrunëht, . of. Indi». Ïhefact was, th*i.the Indian GovérnuientTO»sef sed no privileges of exemption from legal piooé««Kaiss, and that any individu»! could sue ihe Government of "?" -not onlynn the Supreme Court,, bút-iü? any suT»;»aÍB»te eonríy ; ·?··.: -,· r'. ; . v.;-, ! After » few words from Mr. Roebuck »nd· Mr. Mangles, ? . ? . . ..-?-.., ?·.·,-, Sir -J?. KELLY said, there.could be no' doubt that; whenever the Last India Company 'ptarf orin'ed any act in its eápsrcity..of aprivate cprpbtatîon, it was liable,- like anyoth«r corporation, to be sued ; bat'whenever the Company, as representing the British Croira, «lid'»ny asi;-»s, for example, îbéeirming » party to a treaiy, it was entirélr irresponsible. When a native Prince of"lnAi» w»e «ther coerced or persuaded into atieaty withthe East Indi» Cernii ????, andwhenhegayo-uphis<3omiaionB»adhis sovereign; power, he had no remedy in. a court of justice should he deera.himself an injured p*rty. He lost »lithe power of » Sovereign »nd did not acquire the rights of a subject. It «vas a very important question whether the revenase of th« East Indi» Company should or should notbé affected by »áy ?? brought in without the assent; of the .Crosvn ;' bufi, »»'-this standing oiderwas altogether new, »nd as ii could not ?> ceive that consideratioa »i thai period of the session which it deserved, he would, if a division took place, -vote against it, j Mr. CARDWjSUj thought the resolution, as »mended, a very «vise and just resolution. It would give to every sub» ject of Inolia that remedy which was now possessed in toii country of appealing to t Jie House of Commons, ifhe thought he had s claim on its revenues. If the rule was not merely a technical but subs-ntially a wise and beneficial .rule in this country, it was eqnally so with regard to India, Th* revenues of India were held in trust for the CrównJ and he held that the charges on those revenues should?« fenced about with the smie checks and cautions which wer«? thrown around the revenues of this country. (Ee»r, hear.) ¡ The resolution, as amended, was then agreed to. BANK CHARTER ACT. i Mr. TITE gave d jtice that early next session he should move for a select committee to inquire into the operation and effect on the commercial »nd financial interests of the country of the Bank Charter Act. REVIEW OF THE SESSION. Mr. DISRAELI.-Sir, I beg to give notice that on Thursday next, or any other time which may be more convenient to Her Majesty's Ministers, I shall call the attention of the House to the conduct of business during the preseat session and make » motion for a return of the bills withdraWi during the same period. Lord PALMERSTON.-Perh»ps the right hon. genUe man would mak« his statement on Friday. Certain business has been fixed for Thursday, and it would be more cop. venienfc to takethe discussion on his motion on the following evening. Mr. DISRAELI.-Very well, Sir, I shall make my state. ment on Friday. CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. Mr. H. BERKELEY g»ve notice that to-morrow he f hould ask the Chancelier of ihe Exchequer whether he bad leceived tenders for carrying the mails to the Cape of Good Hope ; and, if so, whother he would have any objection to lay them, before the House î THE GERMAN LEGION. Mr. MURROUGH, who bid announced his intention to ask the Clerk of the Ordnance whether it was true that, although the officers of tbe British army at Aldershott had been required to furnish their huts at their osvn expense; ihe hutsoccupied by the officers ofthe German troops there had been furr-ished for them »t the public expense, com.- menced by moving ihe adjournment of the House in order that he might make a statement with respect torecent Occurrences at Aldershott. When iho Foreign Enlistment Bill was bought before She House in December, 1854, its opponents pointed out to the Government the deplorable consequences which would ensue from the introduction ¡of foreign troops into ihe sexvice of Her Majesty. The »iiticipations of those gentlemen had been fully realized. Not only had the promise of the Under-Secretary for War, that the men beuonging to the foreign legion, when they returned troia the East, would be sent to someBritisli colony, not been fulfilled, but it was rumoured out of doors that a very high itnd distinguished personageMr. WALPOLE.-Sir., I rise to order. I do not wish to stand between the hon. member and the House, but, having given notice of his intention to put a paiticular question to the Government, Ido nol, think he caa continue his observ vations. It is true that, in order that he might make a statement, he has moved the adjournment of the House ; but he is bound to confine himself to showing why that motion should be adopted ; otherwise it is obvious the public business might be exposed from time to time to very serious and unnecessary interruptions. (Hear, hear.) I appeal to yon, Sir, to decide whether the hon. member is in order. Mr. MURROUGH.-I concur with the right hon. gentleman that I ought to have· very strong reasons for adopting the course which. I have aow done, and, with the permission of the House, I will proceed to state those reasons. (Cries of " Order 1") The SPEAKER.-The right hon. gentleman the member for Cambriage University has fairly stated what the rule of the House is-viz., that when a member moves the adjournment of the House he ought to show some reasoa why the House should adjourn. The hoa. member for Bridport has not done so yet. ^ Mr. MURROUGH,-No, Sir, but I am prepared, to vindicate my motion. When assassinations have been perpetrated at Aldershott by German mercenaries-when English subjects are bleeding from the dirks of foreign hirelings-am I not justified ia calling the attention of tae House to the subject! The country is indignaat beyond measure. It feels that these foreign troops are cauntenanced by those who sit in high places. (Cries of " Order !") It is all very well, for hon. gentlemea to cry " Order !" but it is our duty, as the representati\»es of the people, to inquire into these matters, aad lam not aware that I am exceeding the privileges of debate in briaging so important a subject under the notice of the House. Sir, is it right or just that the oflicers of the German Legion, notwithstanding what has occuired *t Aldershott and eäsesvhere, should have their huts furnished to them at the e-xpense of the country? Mr.SPOONER.-Sir, I rise to order. (Alaugh.) You have stated that when an hon. member moves the adjournment of the House heis bound to give sufficient reasons why the House shonid adjourn. Now, cru» any event, however deplorable which may have happened »t Aldershott, be a good reason why tliis House should adjourn ! (A laugh.) The SPEAKER,-I have not yet heard from the hon· member for Bridport any reason sfhy the House should adjourn. The House will see that if one hon. member be allowed to move the adjournment of the House, and upon that motion to make a speech relative to a totally different subject, anotber may adopt the same course, and it wffl be practically impossible to carry oa the public business. (Hear, hear.) Mr. &URItOUGH.-î-I tidak, Sir, that no business of any kind should be proceeded with aatil sve have some statement from the Goveramiint oa ,the important question which I have introduced to the notice'of the House. That is the ressoa why I have moved the adjournment ófthe House. (Cries of "Orderl') I am speaking to order. I haveno doubt hoa. geatlemen would-be extremely glad to get rid of thin question ; but it is one of great interest to the couutry and to the Goverameat, which bas placed us in this dilemma. Are the assassinations at Aldershott to be left unexplained?' Are the morals of the army, and indeed of the country at l»rge, to bs corruDted bya band of frerinan brigands? Lord BARRINGTON.-J must sav, Sir, that I ihink the hon. member has aow given as a'reason why the House should not »djourn. (A laugh.) Mr. MXTREOUGH.-Sir, I feel and many members feel with me, tnaz the time has come wheu we should ascertain by what Or by svhose influence these German troops are maintained in this free country. Colonel FREESTUN.-Sir, I rise to order, f A langhi) I really tbink the hon. membar should not be allowed to proceed. (Hear, hear.) · Mr. ROEBUCK.-I do not think any good can »rise from this discussion, but let ¡ ns not forget ihe old proverb that " what is; sauce for the. goose is sauce for the gander." Not eoveiy long ago the hcc..-member for Northampton-. £hire> having moved th« adjournment of the Bouse, ¡pro'-' ceeded to make a statement vrith respect ¡.to the naval review atSpithcad..If.heJi»(l»¡right to. do that,-?.suppose, ihe hon member for Bridport is equállytentitlcd jto¡m»ke his statement, though I do^ot think he is adoptim» a ¡very wisecourse.. (Hear,-he*r.); . .-·?..;. .... .,:.,.:: ? ...; Mri U. BAIL· concurred with'th« hon. and learned mein-", ber for Sheffield, thetffiopi»«*««-« bf the House was; pá';»' lorraal motion ??-?.« idjonìtirhent of ¡the Soiis«3, : to i »hW stttementstòhemadeoft^fer«»ntBUDjects...·· ¡ .-.»..! i -^.-.· i'heSPEABSRi--^Ih»T«! nò-:doubt thatbon^'raejiiVeriv! frpm;,tíme to^'tíítié,''-háve movéd-thè 'sajötuament òf the House;-m order tófcirmg-foM^ cjüestión«; but whatT wish to'point out io'tbe ????? is; that if'that prací· -«-.»-.s-.· ?· -? *·-?- -· ?-.- -.--.- ..... ..... ..-..- » - . x older were strictly eijíoròéa, «afc-hoa.· member .who I luì ??^-?^?,?(1?????^,"?"?^:??? would be wìaW ?^???????? ????? tóthrt.question. 'Thtoughjiixiiy ?mdmdween^hé^ÄÄbebitó, ^^,j>_u_ j^^sa^j. t· diverjje to^mtopic; ibut'tse Hour« will^ta-erø-tbttb*-- ???????? fsxgnígçrt '¡¡, irbsMy otit # pi-jfø Jfc«?» ' 1 , , ' . ' Gtnaås^X^ii, impt .tw « '-"?- ·'- · __r______________ tìoB>tó:.po»tp«i>e:iiij^ Sil".!»--orrmr; 1»*???? ttaUn»?.«»^ . WÄeHius»' MitówluteXlJrBstjth« noble lord«»^»àsir«r· "theTquístioii iui :te-_*'íut« eccu]-í«dl by --the -Gennah iroops.'--' '''? -?·-»?????-? i ;.·. .-:.·-? -IK .: ../? -.;,..,í s "??? ??1??±?8?01»?,_1 «? not tfnnrto enter-into *o - -^«ct towhich .théi^.«·^^^ -iuJor6riii»U-<sell^ b d n e ¬ t e s . g . e d d o o , d ; e .- r ¬ t s e f t a o g to v a ; t e y I n ¬ g n s r e e a ¬ ¬ ¬ n n e ¬ d s s e g t t g e e u ¬ s ¬ A n t y ¬ n t e I o . , ; , · ! sóídien òf ?? répment»ndtho«ct»rrtther. Thep»rti- j xubrs- hireïöty"*'-riachèd^é/'·« '^ thcaairtiluù.iy^r X-X'Ll nl_¿..v ·._ ?'.??-?:.- 1- ï :i "? ? i» » *^r^^J-iTm^e^iJ?FÎd^r· ·»***« l.' . - r . - ' 1 ,bi¿h pri«!» ÏTOmaJloffi hav« witnessed it. ''(Hear," SésK)" l,now pi-ooëed'ib. «¡¡he«juìsstion.itself. .When theGermaij.'Legionwas'stat&Mied: ,»t.«Shomcliíííi its wis^íntoääed"*tn«tJ it' »hould r«ra»iai tbejre .only »! äort:; turie"; '^inï'whea'.??'w»s removed' to JÍJdeisaottv ¿nr'intention wis thist'ït 'shoald stay -there! oidy until measures were token for. iis fiaal <lü¡pqs»I^m«»' sures whicb^irirus«^'4rffi;»»iéiori ihó'rSy be earrnd intò-èxèea-t tion.· -(Hear.); The ihut furniture ^supplied to » 'British, oflio«>»sL»räiiif>jcin^.^näi^of,t-o.«áMÍrív-»t»al4, ind. fireironsí.. Anjthinji "^tond thatlî« find· for 'hièiiielf.! W ben ihe * Germán. Légiou w«~»fa,t!oiié¿ -it Shorncliffis, au application: was insde fõr»a additional indulgence inthet shape of a soldier's ?? auil-máttré«»·. -It so.happensKI. tliaii aí that time there w»eaqn»^ütyof thiw articles in stor*,¡ »nd,-«x>iw:d«^iti£ thst the.ferman troop« were to remtiu aii .'.Shoreline oaly for » »hort period, they «Vere provided with! 'a number of them. On their removal· to.^.ldershott the) same indulgence was contiaued to them for the sam« reason -tbat their stay ia camp 'was to be only temporary. .1 don't think, that the House svill censider thit that, is an, indulgence calling for »ny aaimadveriiion. (Hear.) . .jAIr^.NEWDEGATEatîkedthe'FiiKt Lord of the Treasury whether, m the opinion õf Ibe Governraeufc, the troops «»mpoeing the Foreign Legion were available for ?????? or ior active duty svithin the nutted kingdom? : Lord PALMERSTON^-The »ct of Parhament which empowered the Government to r»iee foreign troops authorized the bringing into this country of » certain number for the purpose of-drill »ad organiiatìon, »nd it never was coatemplated that they should, while here, be employed in »ay m»nner in which British troops might unfortunately be employed. The German troops are here merely as « resting place, imfflme*sur*s can be taken fordisbamling them ; and, although in the preseat state of the couatry it is, happüy, utterly out of the questioa to suppose that ¿ay troops can be required for such » purpose as the hon. gentleman points at, undoubtedly no German troops wouid, under »ny circuuistanoes, be so employed, (Setr.) THE EXPLOSION IN GLAMORGANSHIRE. Mr. CAYLEY »sked the Secretary of State for the Home Dep»rtment whether he úiteaded to employ »ay special means to as«««rt»ia the real circumstances under which the disastrous loss of 120 lives had just taken place from an explosion ia a coal mine in Glamorganshire ? Sir G. GREY said that he had received an account of this very lamentable accident oa the lath inst, both from the coroner «ad from the inspector of the district. The coroner stated that thé inspector was on the spot withia two hoars after the »ccideut occuired, and that he had rendered very efficieat assistance in the preliminary investigation ; bat, as the then state of the pit rendered it impossible- th»t they could proceed at once svith iny further inouiry into the «use of the accident, he had adjourned the" inquest until the 2Sth. The inspector requested th»t he might be assisted in pursuing hb inquiries by two other inspectors svhom he aimed. Those two gentlemen h»d been directed to attendon the 28th, to gis-? their »ssistance to the inspector of the district ; and he h»d no doubt that the circumstinces would undergo » most thoroughaads»»rching investigation. (Hear, hear.) CRIMINAL APPROPRIATION OF TRUST PROPERTY BILL. Mr. HADFIELD asked àie Attorney-General whether he intended to proceed with this ?? in the preseat session? The A*n:ORNl^'-GENEP.ALs»idth»twhenhe obtained leave to introduce ? ?? for remedying the law relatiug to the Criminal Appropri»tion of Trust Property, he had fully intended proceeding svith it in the hope that it would pa·* in the present sessioa. However, the Master ofthe Rdls and other equity judges, were of opinion that the bill, as he had proposed it, might be çrodnctive of considerable mischief, inasmuch as, by mating thc fraudulent appropriation and malversation of'trust property the subject of ? ???? enactment, trustees might be enabled to shelter themselves from answering before a court of equity, under the pie» th»t they might crimin»te themselves. This objection seemed to be so important that, he had despaired of carrying the ??. On the other hand, he had ???? pressed by others to proceed with it, and, haviag put himself in communication with some of the leading practi. tiouers ofthe Court of Cbanoery, he thought that he had sacceeded ia overcoming the tiifficulfcy. He now proposed to take »way from trustees svho were celled upon to answer in a Court of Chancery the privilege of sheltering themselves uader the plea of crimination, »nd to give tbem instead the same security as was possessed by bankers and others who were charged with the fr»uélulent »poroprialiba of securities-namely, that if ander the pressure of the court they disclosed transactions ia which they had beea concerned, they should not, in respect of such disclosure, be subject to a criminal prceise>aing. With the introduction of such a provision he hoped to be »ble to propose a measure which should put an end to the fraudaient appropriationof trust property. It would be toe late, however, to carry such a bffl in the present session, and he should therefore propose it early ia 1S57. REGISTRiTION OF TITLES TO LAND. Mr. J. G. PHILLIMORE asked the Attorney-General if he had any idea of bringing in a measure aext session for the registration of titles to l»nd? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said, lhat the subject had been under the consideration of a commission »ppoiated for the purpose. They h»d token great ptins svith the question, »nd he hoped to be able to introduce a bill e*tly next session with relation to it. THE BURNING OF THE EUROPA. Captain ARCHD ALL, asked the First Lord of the Treasury whether, it having been announced by the Secretary of State for the Home Department that the Goverameat would take iato consideration the question of erecting some permanent memori»l to the gallantry juid self-devotioa of the officers and men who were lost in Her Majesty's ship Birkenhead in February, 1852, the Goverament would not at the same time consider the propriety of erectm» a monument to the memory of Colonel Willoughby Moore ånd tho non-commissioned officers md men of the Enmskfflen Dragoons who lost their lives by the burning of theEnropa transport ship on their passage to the seat of war in ihe spring of 1854? Lord PALMERSTON.-In answer to the questioa of the hon. »nd gallant gentleman, I have great pleasure in stating that HerMajesty's Government are perfectly disposed to erect a tablet to the memory of Colonel Moore and those brave men who perished with him in the Europa (hear, hear], and who displayed that gallant courage and that heroic sense of devotion by which, upon all occasions, British troops have ???? tusttnguishect. DULWICH COLLEGE BILL. Ia reply to Lord VL. Cecil, Mr. BAINES stated that it was not the intentioa ofthe Government to proceed with this ?? during the present session· THE CRIMEAN REPORT. The report of the Board of General Officers which sat at Chelsea, to inquire into certain charges contained agaiast various offieers in the report of SirJ. M'Neffl and Colonel Tulloch, was brought up by Mr. VILLLERS said,-Inmovingthat these pspers belaid upon the table of the House, I will ask leave, Sir, to notice a statement of an extraordinary character that I am in' formed has been made in »nother place, svith respect to this report, in connexion with myself. I am told that a nob'e' lord, in complaining that the report had not been laid upon the table sooner, ascribed the delay to the fact that I Ïiüddrawn the report, »nd that I had beea dilatory ia:t!f«" matter for the purpose of serving the object« of'ihe' Minister of War. ("Hear," »nd alaugh.) Now, Sir, thé reasoa why I do aot believe that this noble lord has beet» correctly reported, is, that if he mado such a statement it Is impossible for any man to have uttered a more unmitïgafcèduatruth. (hear) ; »nd I cannot therefore believe- that he his been correctly reported I never dresv the report; and I never delayed its preseniatíon. (Hear, hear.) Tbo general officers drew their own conclusions from the evidence submitted to them, and were quite competent to ,3o so; »nd I did not delay the presentation of the report«first, because I had no power to do so, if I had wished ·&-, and, in the next place, I had no object or interest whateriar indoingso. (Hear.) I do not believe that auybody deserving the least respect has ever assigned any reason for sapposiag thatl had doae so. Thenoble lord has been in constant cota' mnnication svith persons who have been connected svith thi¿ inquiry and report, »adido not believe that anybody of the least authority has given him this information. Ho basnotpbtoined it from Lord JExardinge, with whomTie has beeninfrequent communic»tionof late1 »bont theprôceedings. for Lord Hardinge knows, that all thai this noble'lordi» report^ to havesaid of me is iTnfound^.iafacV'.Hehar nothãdit from Sir?1«»?»????JToódfórd, forttayéappheidto him tokriow.lf, he'oonsîdcrcd that what was reported to IMveibe^saidbythbnobl^*" "? " any.accident, he.theught . siùdbrdòiwbVtheboiìMt^ _______ _____________" info ei^rrt His'¡repl^ coa"Ossmed, it-s»JÄii«tóto«ajá*»st-«^^ ÄÄÍf fto6!^!^?1*^^ «»mpletion oi^.tne.peport, and tt«tnoKangth»tb»db«eii· ??òthr'ihè m^emi'íor'a'^iMWii^íy^aj^^ «äu-og -?beiSg;', adí^ilirt^^l&t-Qc^jnMent·-· ijÆttes båd firûahed:thtir .wport 'mí »Mir a«lthey'¡wer* »bit whirftis* noble,l<irdr¡bd ?*«??*»*?. f»W^ ??? .bous» «sMnaelf ; for be -???, jdbtr ^"«¿»????? hai-· 1!1»?)?^»«^"??:?»??.??'1»?^^ ^ the ???????»»- wIijfA he ;b«>»rtî-»vrjji»^:jJ»«eii!x«^ »..«d-'^Ila-abi'Jwatto»«««^^ -iaottøiovmvtobmu. r,8u, »X,«iùifc:*k;Hnu»sv -«nil support me in myins; ibatl ahcøilaiap*is-Miipaii,k*wéa *? ¡the: ?«»« ft·*: 1*T*±*?»}>?1??-??~?-? ~t«i».to.«i*«»«e** tø»c^ *Tb«p«>«->í«dif«í.«f«!»Ter^«jt^^ .portm-'rfiiliiñ'TFi^ tejady »rf th> twasfatetinrl ikmm ????»? thaw ??? ?? fõ^^ioib^oa^imtm^S^m»» ?»?>"loza 'MA s«rs»sáy»e.»T»«*»»-*kby^ --^_**·__? ?^!^^?^?^^^?^? ^^a-I? ?^^11!^%^^^^1^?^; btol^7oj^«j»»sij»,tli!fcio .tb» tiet, tTsjvt:J.'à^n^'ìitcÌiTe that I never, durioç «tive vrhol« "aiúiiy,-«»»któor'l-a«r«| ^?·*' w«-«i"*h* **$*«* ?^?1*^?^^^^*. »*ü»s»*¿!*tbMe ?1·'»*:»^ .'InTPasTIUMiî^r.'bli'i ???»»7^31^1?-&~?*% ???????) AiiilTietisfe« ttsat, tl^-««J^%=»a who ?xc^asym-aUàÍKTttazyiei Sir ?????? ?$??&>*U9, was in the room tte svhole tíos« when the «bor* Vfereefoìea,' .who, aslbîlieve, w«s»T^T»t«fri«Wsl; »nd,»ïIk»ow, svi»; * -airtrorigpoHae»lT«tii»«ttorø .everything in his nirour.; , »nd ¡the ???? !1???«? judges, rthey .who tried Him,- inä ??« judged and acquitted hiaj, were all his own ??1?!?^?»??3^???(0!?«?.): But Ihop« ¡í,rm*y iãõt lie imserferstood tó'imply* t&t therefore .they were actuated in''the «·?»?·?»&.-tfelri«ce 'by poli.fioal' ooÉves; l tH«»*,':b(>»rJ)¿ î shftrdd ¡>fr¡ «ehamçcl te impute -this motive to-tlïeai, ??????? ,1 »m sitisÆed it. wouldbe' untrue. -I-b«ljeve the general ?????? taré » careful, «uicious, aad höhest «îotisîderation to the «vi.?????. which w»s submitted'to üaera;;»nd Ibelieveihîfc -they did what,-«í judges, ,th«y;«ir«rebotí!ld to do,-namely, -deeide-uponihe-eTídenoèihatwásMd-beforethenl 5 »adi .«ta bound to s»y, I .believe that, however · inooiaplete. the îaatury and nisiifficîent the«vid«ne« might h*v« beet» -io-Lord-Lucan's «ease, yet the «ener»! officers, looking to what evidence they had to decide upon, have given a jnst verdict. For what -???????, therefore, the noble lord wants to «discredit -the inquiry in easting these imputations upon those whoJiave not injured him I cannot say-I have considei^ it »duty to myiKilf tonottce them, »ad I trust the House, when they conkiderthat there U no other way for » member of this House to meet such charges thin to· refute theoi here »spublidy as ihey have been m»äe elsewhere, wiUconsiasr ih»tlsh»u be «xeused for having, ia ray osvn defence, intruded -these oMervsäons upou i'. (Cheers.) * ' General PEEL.-As «meniber ofihe board of officers who sat at Chelse», I have not the slightest hesitation in expreasing my opinion that the oharge adverted to by the hon. andle»raed gentleman, as made by a noble lord ir» aaother piace, is perfectly unfair and uuiounded. So far from the bon. and learned gentleman having been inuuencei by political feelings, or having attempted to interfere «trita the opinion of the Board of General Officers, I can safely assert thst I know of no iaquiry which h»s ever beeacoaducted with less refereaoe to political feeling. (Hear, hear.) For my own part, with the exception of those three memberu of the board who have seats in this house and in iheother House of Parliameat, »nd whose politicii principles may therefore be assumed to be known, I have not the slightest ide» what political vieira were entertained bythemembers of the board, aad I «m certain th»t »U were men oi far toohigh » eense of honour to have »llowed themselves to be actuated by politic»! principles ín gis-ing judgment on the professional conduct of a brother officer. (Hear, hear.) The porition of tho hon. ?-nd learned gentleman, »s regarded his relation to the board, may have been an, anomalous one, and the question may arise as to. wh»t position the Judge-Advocato should hold ia relation to the coiirt m inquiries of a similar character ; butl catt only say-and ? am sure that I express the feelings of the whole of the board-that I »m at a loss for langu»ge sufficiently posverfal to express the opinion of the advantage wrhica the board derived from. the assistance of thehoa. »adlearned Eentìeiaan. (Hear, hear ) Colonel FRENCH thought ih»i ii was very inconvenient that » statement should be made in that house in reply toa charge made in the other House of Parliament. He himself hid h»d no commuaicatäon with his noble friend LordLuc»n, but he felt ????? that if he had male a wronistatement he would be ready frankly »nd fairly to withdraw it. The subject then dropped. THE DISMISSAL OF MR. CRA.MPTON. Mr. GIBSON gave notice that he should to-morrow aslc ivaether it svas the intentioa of Her Majesty's Government· soon to «ppoint a successor to Mr. Crampton, late Aaibassador to the United Slates. MR. JAMES SADLEIR. Oathe motion of Mr. Roebuck, it sva·, oidered that Mr. James Sadleir should be required to attend in his DÎace on. Thursd*ynext. The following bills were read a third time and passed·:Charities Bill, Hospitals (Dublin) Bill, Buriilgtonads (Ireland) Bill, and .Lunatic Asylums (Superannuation) (belaud). MERCANTILE LAW AMENDMENT BILL. Oa the order for the third reading of this bill, Mr. SPOONER called the attention of theright- hon. gentleman the "vitse-President of the Board of Tradeto tha 17tli clause. The effect of this clause, he apprehended, would be that if·» creditor recovered «gainst one of » number of joint contractori, some of whom were bankrupt, the joint coatr»ctor so recovered against would be able to recover fiom hist solvent co-joint Contractors only the part of the debt Ior which each svas originally liable.- Mr. LOWE said, be understood fnat this was not the= correct constmciãoa of the ? cl»use ; oa thc contrary, thepersoa sued would recover from the other joint cantractorst. «11 to which he was entitled. The bill ss-as thenre»d» third time and passed. JOINT-STOCK BANKS BILL. On the order for the third reading of this bill, Mr. VANCE moved that ifc should be read a third ii.ae that day three moaths. The bill, which svas fraught with». danger, had originally been opposed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer; aad if it passed, he (Mr. Vance) should throw upon Government the responsibiUty for any mischief which might bo caused by it. Mr. ROEBUCK said that the ?31 only abolished the ineligibility of retiring directors for re-election until aftsrthe expiration of 12 months ; »nd hs did not apprehead th»t »uy mischief could result from its opération. The House divided, when the numbers wereFor the third reading ......... 92 Agaiast it............... 12 Majority ............ -80 The bffl was then read » third time and passed. THE mDIAN BUDGET. - r t o y * s e ¬ ? d n f y ' - " ' - ...._......"_. ..,...,.,-..-...- ... .-,____ ???? hon. members, ««ibaiTftére~Æou"I^Wiome aciÄlerationi .bthe.T^ucäoatf tb«lrj*!I^ bit XxiéïaÎO^ibom^'uarUat «a --".¿iti»- ?. --·», fc _.:: ."??-¡,'-· ..; « , ,, ?,--», -_.- «-.,?"» - ^^m £***-.·** ·* «»?·«·'- An«»" .?'-?-??-? 'the hon. *""41?%?i'* "««chassier, ïe'must be p^i^ittèd toÄpresä ''*&d«»«tír«j'si'&';»*^ &?**^&&£^:?>?* *S*F< mwbiäi.k* harj -·. ^"««eited'biai»«» trora» ????^???? to pnirnot« ifi« wel. ^f»je'"of Irk ???"\"?"'£*»?'£ vast On ihe order of the day for going into committee on the» East India Company's revenue account«, Mr. I. BUTT sought to.interpose with an amendment oa, the subject of the confiscation by the Indian Government of the revenues and territories of his Highness Meer Al1 iloorad, whose petition to that House he had presented oa the27th of Juae. The hon. »nd learned member contend df. that, inasmuch, as the original motion coateuiplaied that ?1? House should go into committee to considor of the revenues· of the East India Company, it svas legitimate to propose that, before doing so, they should inquire in committee how far the confiscated possessions of the petitioner did or did did not forni a portion of therevennes in question. Lord PALMERSTON maintained th*b the »meadmeit was irregular, inasmuch as, relating to a matter of individual grievance, which the hon. and learned member might make the subject of a substantive proposition, it had? no fair affinity with the original motion. After» brief discuseion on the point of order, The Speakeb ruled th»t the amendment could not bespat. The original motion was then c*rried, and the House weatinio committee. . 2ÎX.7. SMITH, in rising to make the aanual official stoiemeat .relative t»the»ffairs of ludia, said that thehon. lmd,le«ined gentleman opposite (Mr. 3ati) laboured under ». misapprehension if fie supposed that lhe comaútteê into· which the House had just resolved itself was about to clisjiosé of the revenues of India. The object of the'committee was » totiuy different one. A few years »go it svas· f elt desirable that some ????? should be. penodically taken 'id that house of the general subject of Judian affairs, ani it-was thought thatthe best mode of doing so would-be by the person who filled theoffice of President of the Board of Control every session submîtiing » statement of the finances of badia, on wliich occasion any hon.gentleinaa who Wisbed. to malte any complaint or to offer any observations coanected with the administration of that distant empire woidd have »ii opportunity; of ¡^dressing the House. Nothing' could be'further from his desire than to preclude any case of ¿devance frombeing ï»irlybroùghtîinder discussioa ; yet thehon. «na leaiiiedmemberforIYoaghal musibeaware that if lis motion hadbeea entoriiamea before tho House .wtintiato oommittee tb«^^ effect would h»ve beea toget. rid oi what wisteraied'the indian budget for the'presentyear ; forit.w»sBotñitopower,*ny. more th*a it was ia that of til« hon. .»ncUeirhed ^tlériian, to. «x>maumd another day ior. such sa????????.'''yhw.'he iait' »dslr"ssedthe House, on a«mil»r oceasioa, hê raoved'a ienes,of' rs^lutions
RETURI OF LUTMG}AixGi WAnr.- The return of Lieutenant-General imdhanm to his family at Myton-house, near Leauington, on Thursday evening, was the occasion of much rejoicing among the inhabitants. 'He arrived at Leamington station Shortly after 5 o'cdock, and waw met by three of his children, Lord Somerville, and a numerous cirleoffrien,gentry of the district. A large crowd -was collected in the -vicinity of the station, and the gallant officer was loudly cheeecdl on presnting himsoelf Hetokl.seat -with two of his children in an open car. riage drawn by four horses, decorated with laurel, and proceeded lthrough* the town, the towrn banda, glaying " See the Conquering Hero comnes." Thie carriage, however, was not allowed to procece far befo:m the horses were detached, and the populace drew -the. General in, triumph Lthrouglh the several thoronghfreto Myton-house. The road was lined by the townpolm h ae h eeral a m6et hearty~ welcome; . Iay of tLe houses -were ecoiateawithifiw and evergreens., (.ongratulatory. addresses to the distinguished omoecr have been ,adeptedat meetings of the inhia., bitants of LeamiDmgton and Warw ick. A grind cnieta&in mennt-is to boe en i omnemnoration of. the xeturn of the General..H hven inacomedte2t oeoi6Isd THE MImSTERTAL FISh DmNm.-The fiolGl6in'O -noblemen anud :gentlemen were. -present -at tbe- _an1ula~ Mnusterial -whitebait .dinaer, at Greenwich on 8aturday- last :-Viscount, Palmersaon;, tbe LDrd Chancellor, the -Duke. ofL Argyll, -the Marquis of. ]readalbane,- Lord Stanley of LAlderey, Icrd, - helburme, - -the,_ Earl Of Mu)tiave4 Viscount -Moaack, LordL Ernest Bruce, Viso6u.nt D=n= n Lord Pannmufe Lord Alfred P-zt. the Rig Hit -the Chancellor of- the -Exc'he querAbth -Rig t Hon. Vegna-on SAdith, the MORih on. M. i T.. Baine, -the Right.Hon2E1.1 Attorney.General, the Solicitor-General, the Rili{tflon.-~ the Attorney-General for Ireland, 3fr. WV.N. hlssey, Mr. J, Ball, 3Mr. H. D. Seymnour, and Mr. R. W. Grey. i
l L. :'2;ONDOXY TUiSDAY6VZ22 I I - - -1- I~ -l.-.- LY 2, 8K 6. : ~Ji- the Hou of Lordslimt iigt- Lord.,i tuRVin -Teply to lord DUNoG'Ixx-ox, stated that he had received no information as to certain circumstances of hardihip which Were sa.d .to haye atendedthe dieib himeri;c Militia an the Mhyo Rifles. The' oble' lord added, in hf5Wrer to Lord Er osLouiEx'-that' oteps were behyitaken for t3I e bo of t The Earl of 1.MsN,exl called the aztention' o' the Eloue to the -dip h te wiech had. a 'between jutentBritinh Goverdnment aBriatiil 6iiie toa the... 11100 rteou behaviour oi.our Miite a; Rio, ox1 a' matter ariing oat of t,he lave trade, ad'ho G io . been zupported bg Lord Ch'DO* tr'.aTli tioble lord ,: concluded b,y movhg for paper connecthawith after Lord CLnsiwoN.explaied the, circumsane of the cmae which had n at i :s w rom ahi apbeehesvon: |justly 'en~tertained by the BritishL Minister at PRi&that great prepa.rations' were being made for' the. extension of the aave trade 'in Brazil. The 'Govern-.. ment had thought it to b)e t heir duy 'to support; .t agent abroad, but he w.as hlappyv to t:hink that, after' the :mutual explanations whiich iaA beenginven, the' Brazilian Government harboured uo ill- a', against the Governmeit of this countiy. After, some observations Lrom Lords ABERDEE?N and KAnMzssnry, the OtiOn (for paper6s) was agreed to. Lord MALMEsBURY asked Lord CLAREiiDON whether it was true that the fortresses of Reni and Ismail had been dismantlad by the Russians, wlhether any other ifortresaes would be erected on that river; andwhen the new Russian Minister might be expected to arive i this countly., LordCw.snDox replied he hadno doubt that the fortresses in question had bseen dismantled, the Russians conceiving that they had a right to treat them as they chose up to the time of handing them over to the Turks. With respect to the rival of a new Russian Minister, information had buee received that Count C.RETOwIOro had been appointed to the Russian Legation in this country. After some further discussion the matter dropped. The LOIuD CRa-sNozao. caeled the attention of the House to the Statute Law Cormmission, and gave a summary of its labours during the past year. The House then went into conmittee on the Formation of Parishes Bill, when two equal divisions took place on clause t9, the numbers being 20 in each case. On a third division the numbers were-- For the clause ... ... ... 20 Against it ... .. ... ... 22 The clause was consequently struck out. On the order of the day being read for the third reading of the Bishops Resignation Bill, Lord RuDESDAiE renewed his opposition to the measure, and moved that it be read a third time that day three months. A smart discussion then arose as to the negotiations which had led to the resignation of the Bishops of Lo.NDoN and D uxnr, whidcl the opponents of the bill asserted savoured of simony. The bill was ultimately read a third time on a division, in which the numbers were- For the bill ... I ... ... 26 Against it ... ... ... 15 - M\Iajority... ... ... -11 Some other business was then despatched, and -their lordships adjouned. In the House of Commons, on the report of the Standing Orders' Revision Committee, a discussion arose upon a proposed additional order relating to grants from the Indian revenue, which was finaly agreed to in an amended form, the House thereby resolvig that it would not receive any petition or proceed upon any motion for a charge upon1 the revenues of the East India Company without the consent of the C-nowi. Mr. MVSRROUG11, in putting a question respecting the huts at Aldershott, diverged into topics connected with recent occurrences in the camp, endeavouring to put himself in order by moving that the House do adjourn. He was repeatedly interrupted by members rising " to order," and the SrzmiE;B observed that if this prr -ice was persisted in it would be impossible to proceed with the public business. Lord PAamxPsToN, when the question was asked, gave the required explanation. In reply to a auestion by Mr. HADFIEL), with reference to the Crminal Appropriation of Trst Property Bill, The AT'osNEu-GYz_NmrA said that obstacles had arisen to the further progress of the bill, the Equity Judgesbeing of opinion that it wouldl be productive of considerable mischief as it'affected trustees examined in the Court of Chancery; but that he had introduced provisions to obviate the difficulty, although it was too late to hope to pass the bill in the present session. On bringing up the report of the Board of Crimean Inquiry, Mr. C. VILLsns adverted to certain statements said to have been made by the Earl of LucA?f in the House of Lords, with reference to his conduct in the inquiry as Judge-Advocate-General, and g,ave to those statements a direct and unequivocal contradiction. General PEEa, as a member of the Board, declared that the charges alluded to were perfectly unfounded. On the motion of Mr. RoEBucx, Mr. JAMES SADLux was ordered to attend the House, in his place, on Thursday. Several bils were read a third time and passed. Upon the order that the House resolve itself into a committee upon the East India Company's Revenue Accounts, Mr. I. BUrr claimed precedence for a motion of his own, by way of amendment, that the House do resolve itself into a committee to consider how far the revenues of MzI xB AI MooxnD, whose tenitories had been confiscated, formed part of those revenues. This amendlmentwas held by the CsHAm to be irregular, and the House went into committee upon the East India Revenue Accounts, when Mfr. V. Smrmr made the annual statement with reference to those revenues to about 30 members. After a few brief remarks upon the accounts themselves, he proceeded to state the amount of net revenue and of charge in each Government, the difference, whether surplus or deficiency, and the interest upon the Indian debt,-the general result showing an estimated deficit of revenue for the year 1856-57 to the amount of 1,152,1091., which he considered to be a less unfavourable state of the Indian fiances than had been anticipated. Re corrected a statement he had made last year, that the deficiency was solely owing to the e-penditure upon public works; although this was a very large item, other causes had added to the deficiency. He then referred to the pricipal sources of the revenue, particularly that derived from salt and from the Lsnd; and with reference to the last he observed. that in Madras it would be necessary to make a new survey and a fresh assess. ment. 'Upon the, whole, he thought thiere was no reason to despair of a surplus- revenue from the ordinary sources; but it was the duty of the Government to seek other mieans of obtaining a surplus revenue-namely, by a diminution of expenditure. The first great item of charge was the amy, and it was next to impossible. in his opinion, to make any material diminution i that item. With regard to the civil service, he believed that it ought to be a highly-paid service; but, it the same time, he thought the salaries were upon a scale far beyond that of any other profession. A despatch had been sent out to India recomnmenaing large reductions in the expenditure, particularly in respect to public works. Having completed his statement in relation to the finances of India, he directed his attention to its :political relations and its dormestic condition. Last 'Fear he, had stated' that the' whiole of India 'was tranquil, and. he might say it was ro now. He noticed the Santalrinsunrection, now suppressed, explaining its3 c _ses and the remedies acTopted to obviate any Sppoed injustice..;mplaind of by these 'tribes. Raving briefly rferred-to our reIations - with Ava and iPe,~ind tob the position of the' liatr.,w.ith '-xeiitioi;tf - fleiat and M1ghknistan, he touched itgeatelii gh upon the acquisition' of OIde., observing that although lie was perfectly pr6paed .:to defend this meature, .ie should now only~state the courx6 of the-trnsangc lion. He denied 'Altogether that in^ its conduct tIowards the'-CKng of 0sni etli6 C-ov~rnmiet 'was fairly chargeable with having adopted thejgeneral policy of uimnexation. Mri. SMrrE then read details zm--fie # ;bfegi-iA-n Iu the sAet-zc el,gapi . hch :l, ,&r-th.conduc='~ of Dr. acostQ , iandthexprotenes iai,ï¿½h J?ost-office. He stted the view3 of the, home Governmenit in relation t6 the law -comm3ision, the
Once a-year, towards the close of the session, generally on a warm dull day, and dring the hour of dinner, there is done in the House of Commons a little piece of business, a mere matter of form, -which attracts the smallest possible notice there, and perhaps still less in our colhnns. The journals are usually content to let it speak for its-lf, convinced that no power o:' writing, no artifices of language, could disguise the intrinsic -dulness-we had almost said insigntificance, of the subject. It is only the official and authentic report of the history, the changes, the wars, the improvements, the revenue, the expenses, the liabilities, and the prospects of an eighth ,part of the human race,-the faumous empire of Ind, the grandest object of ambition to all the conquerors that ever lived, and now doing duty as the brightest jewel in the Biitish crown. 'There was a time, and that no inglorious epoch in authentic history, when aU the populations of the Inown world did not amount to that which now occupies the splendid peninsula extending from the Himalayas to Cape Comorin. It is the population of a world, of a sphere-a human race in number, and not less in its peculiarities, iu its religion, its history, and its institutions. The annals of this great people were sum ned up last night by Mr. Vmxo2; SsrTH. Such are the inequalities of fortune and the caprices of fame ! So different the empire of mind frora that of multitudes, of territory, of arms, and of goldc A small city on a small promontory in the Egean could not prepare for war two thousand years ago, but the speech of the citizen who summed up its resources is read, and will -be read, by all civilized men all over the world to the end of time. A hundred and fifty miLions of people have their wars, their rebelliins, their revolutions, their extinctions of dynasty and extensions of empire, their hnundreds of miles of railway and thousands of electric telegraphs, and the record is contained in the speech of MIr. Vmu;o2N Smurn in our columns this day, and delivered to thirty reluctant hearers on the Ministerial benches. The true reason of this want of interest in an affair of such magnitude is to be found in the prosperity of Incdia and the successof our government. The so-called empire has assumed the character of a natural development. The Hindoo race thrives with the silent growth of soma of their own ancienit trees that for ages have been expanding their slhade. At one time an old dynasty, as in the case of Nagpore, becomes extinct, and falls like a rotten branch to the ground, the healthier institutions around soon fiLing up its place. Just now another State, effete with age, surcharged with factions, and corrupt in every member, has 'oecome utterly incapable of selfgovernment, a source of mnisrule, and therefore of disorder, to the wwhole of the peninsula. Without one drop of bloodshed, and scarcely one dissentient voice, Ou-de has been absorbed into the paramount sovereignty of the peninsula. The justification of the measure is its perfect success, which, by the only true standard of political morality, it wouild have been a great crime to forego. A rebellion, arising from local and almost accidental causes, has burnt itself out as soon as it waS surrounded by a wall of British soIdiers. -It was but a neglected social grievance; it had come to a head, produced an angry sore, and is nov curec by natutire's own process. The. domie3tic and rmaterial improve' nient of 1ndia is only gradualy dis6thralUing itself' from the-old policy of strition, and only just recovering from 'the iong" waste of- war. -For. generations it was the fist duty to repel an im- -vader, to establish a safe frontier, or to suppress a maraudingWibe. At length there is such a peace in that vast, but yet insulated region, asnever has been sinco the begiinning of its history,-such a peace as that which'usheredin the Christian era. lUnder its influence'the rulers of India are graduaily feeling their way to a better use of their vast resources. Yet their prevailing idea is still that of growth rather than enterprise. They are fiightened by large figures; they urge even the suspension of works not strictly necessary; they think it necessary to explain to their creditors that ordinary works have been unadvisedly thrown in -to. swell, the apparent expenditure on grand improvements; and they restrict the loans for this latter purpose to a million a-year. AR this leaves the theme a very dull one. There is nothing to tell, and, though no news may be good news, yet it is not the less uninteresting. We are trying no great experiments in India, excepting one or two works of irrigation, some railways, and Dr. O'SnuGHN-ss-'s 4,000 miles of electric telegraph. The field is now too far from British enterprise. When a wire is laid on straight from Cannon-row to Simlah, and when the stockbrok-ers in the city can communicate with their correspondents at Calcutta, then, possibly, India may have the benefits and the calamities of a railway mania; and we may find in Indian affairs the minor interest of mercantile catastrophes. But if no great experiment is tried on the soil of India, and if its vast mass of heathenism is left to ferment out of error into a holier faith, it cannot be said that we are trying no experiment at home. British innovation is at work here, and the longer arm of the lever is now held by a power that obeys the strong impulses of a free people. We have thrown the Indian service open to competitive examination, and there is no school, from the old orthodox Universities to the QuzI&s Colleges in Ireland, the Dissenting academy, and the private tutor, that may not send a man to administer at once all the functions of government over vast districts and whole tribes. The man with the well-stored memory, with a clear head, sound judgment, and a ready tongue, may now gain the prize formerly reserved for young gentlemen of good family, figure, and address. This is an exDeriment in which we may lose possibly some of that tact and urbanity which gives the English gentleman such a hold on the mild Hindoo, and gain some of those high intellectual powers and that moral energy which are required to act with any effect on the people at large. It is from such a class that great reforms have to be expected, rather than from those who have heen brought up in the soft' optimism of English good society. If the results in India be at all in proportion to those at home there is nothing that may not be anticipated, as the result here is an entire revolution of ideas as to the attainments required for the service. A great prize has been opened to youthful ambitionone that excels our own public service as much as a throne does a clerk's stool; anybody may try for it, be his manners ever so brusque, his dialect ever so provincial; and if he can do his paper work well and acquit himself favourably tird voce, he goes out amply provided for, sure soon to be a ruler of men. For our own part, while we are sufficiently alive to the dangers of t.e innovation, we believe it to be necessary to quicken India, to raise it from the slumber of ages, and infuse into it the energy, the ideas, the manners, the politics, and the faith of its masters.
It seems not impossible that Spain may be again subjected to all the horrors of a civil war. The latest news is to the effect that the QuxYv and O'Doy.xa: have triumphed in the capital, but that the Cortes is likely to establish itself in Arragon, and thence to make war on IsABELLA and her ad-visers, in the name of Liberty and the Constitution. The Spanish race, both in the Old and New World, has been now for so many years torn by intestine discords, political commotions have been so unceasing, that, like the tremblings of their volcanic soil, they have ceased to excite the notice of the world. The names of NAnVAEZ, EspAnmno, and O'Do.N-N are connected in men's minds withn violent disputes, incessant and unscrupulous intrigue, revolutions and counterrevolutions, but it cannot be said that the affairs of Spain are the subject of much attention, except among professed diplomatists. This time, however, the thing may possibly be serious. It is not now a question of succession, but a struggle of the principle of despotism, strong, forearmed, determined, and perhaps acquiesced in by a great part of the nation, against the principle of constitutional liberty. which in Spain has been weakened by many failures, but stiU preserves to a great extent the affections of a people not wanting in spirit and self-dependence. ESPAnTERo has long been the chief of the Liberal party. His great services to the reigning Sovereign, his high rank, and his place in the national estimation would seem sufficient to protect him from any but legitimate opposition in the carrying on of affairs. But Liberal principles are not to the taste of the Royal lady who sits on the throne of Spain, and she has no lack of advisers who prompt her to follow her own inclinations. Of these, one of the most courageous and unscrupulous is O'Do.xaiL. This man, a hardy and determined soldier, and stanch adherent to despotic principles, is now the virtual ruler of Spain. EsMrARTto, always somewhat irresolute and inactive, is now worn with age, and has held power for the last few years more from the strength of his former reputation than through any present vigour. If report be true, the QuEx, the KMra, and O'Dom= thought that the time had come for a great victory over the Constitution, which gives them so much trouble. The QunEN was anxious to be rid of the atendants with whom a Liberal Government surrounded her, and the restraints which it considered necessary to her position. O'Do,N= was, of course, only desirous to grasp the power which should fall from the hands of his rival. A first essay is said to have been made some time since. Obviously the best pian for a ruler who wishes to be despotic is to encourage popular risings, which he knows he has power to suppress. The QuE}N and her adviser are supposed to have initiated and then to have crushed the insurrection in Palencia. Now the same coup d' tat has been tried in MIadlid. A Ministerial dispute, a resignation of the Liberal chief, a revolt of the National Guard, and their defeat by an overwhelming military force, are events which naturallyprelude the establishment of something like pure despotism at Madrid. Everything was in readiness for an outbreak; we learn that 18,000 men wera at once concentrated in the capital. The suceess of the QurmN was certain from the beoinninga; and now the Constitution, on which the moral claim of the present QuEF_K is based, exists no longer in the capital of the country. But Spain is not a land of centralization. She resisted NAroTLEoN because each province had a feeling of independence, and would not submit to an- enemy merely because he occupied. Madrid. Liberty,- driven from the capital, finds refuge in Alragon. The provinces which lie between Madrid and the lyrenees are strongholds of the Contitut'onal. pa*.- The present retreat -of EsNrAmTko is unknown, but his friends I hold ,command _in Saragossa.. The troops. and the National Guaed have both joined the sam?e cause, and made that city the head-Tuasters of a Constitutional Govermnent. Eighty-five members of the Cortes have retired from Madrid to Saragossa, and will no doubt be joined by as many more of the Liberal party as can escape thither. In ArTagon the Constitutionalists have long anticipated a struggle, and are believed to be not unprepared. It is therefore not impossible that a stern contest may be expected. Madrid is crushed; Barcelona is said to be quiet, but a strong inland district is stil unconquered, and may resist a larger forec than the successful Government can bring against it. On the other hand, the:QumN and O'DONxELL are no doubt eager to complete their victory, and the character of the Minister is not such as to make us doubt that he will resort to all means for the enforeement of submission. Spain is a country so little known and so difficult to understand that no one can venture to say what a day may bring forth. The Royal authority may triumph easily, or many months of bloodshed may add another page to the: annals of distracted Spain. All that we can do is to point out the direction to which events aeem tending. The a5sembling of the Cortes at Saragossa divests the resistance of its merely insurrectionary character. The contest now resembles that of the Long Parliament against CRnms L, and we can conceive that thousands vwho are not Republicans, and would repudiate the thought of treason, may now feel at liberty to fight for the assembly which, in the name of law and the Constitution, calls on them to resist a tyrannical Government. A singular coincidence is ik-ely to furnish the insurgents wvith the sinews of war. A convoy of 13,90,O000f. from the Credit Mobilier has just entered Spain ; it has to pass through the provinces in arms against the CRowi ; and, if Spain be not changed from its ancient character, little of this money is likely to reach MIadrid. Such is the state of Spain after so many years of what is called a Constitutional reign. The sword is to decide between the SovmmiGmi and the institutions with which the law has surrounded her. The position of the QumE is indeed deplorable. All that made men fight for her in former times is now destroyed. She represented the hope, if not the fulfilment, of a liberal policy. The monarch who was, according to the old Spanish law, legitimate, found the country against him because he was resolute to support despotic government, and to submit himself and those he ruled uiconditionally to the priesthood. For these reasons the infant IsABEXrr's claim became the rallying cry of the nation, and roused neighbot r- ing peoples to sympathy and help. But what now remains of the Christino's hopes ? What argument can he bring against the Carlist who is obstinate in the assertion of divine right? The QuxmN's title rests on the Constitution, and the Constitution she is bent on destroying. She is QuEEN now only by possession; if she reigns neither by the right of sovereigns nor the rights of the people, her titfe is indeed endangered. However, we have nothing to do but to stand apart, interested, but still not interfering. We know too little of that mysterious country to say whether its ultimate happiness is to be insured by the ascendancy of an Esra.KTmo or an O'Donm,. We should be glad to see a free Government, but there are things still more necessary-tranquillity and a cessation from civil strife. We cannot say whether Spaniards are ever to be a race self-governed, with all those feelings of responsibility and civil reciprocity which cliaracterize free citizens. It may be that they are incapable of such a condition, and the Constitution, after the British pattern, may be doomned to perish. But one thing every nation may possess,-a Government expressing its feelings and answering its expectations: such a Government, we trust, will in some form or another be the result of the long trials which Spain has endured.
pWhen we cast our minds back a few years and remember the kind of exhortatioin which was addressed to the Irish people in the columns of the " Young Ireland " journals, it is strange enough to mark their altered tone at the present day. Wfe reprinted yesterday an article from the Aation, which, if not a literal transcript, is at least a reproduction of the advice given to the Irish people by The, Tbies during the very period when the polemical writers in Dublin were meditating various subtle means of destruction to be employed against the QuEEzx's forces. If we recall attention to these former excesses in controversy, it is not with the idea of seeking a petty triumph over our old opponents. It is not we who have triumphed, but common sense. Any man of average intelligence who was not absolutely drunk at the time with the wine of agitation could perceive clearly enough in 1848 that Ireland must remain an integral portion of the empire. Mr. MAcAvLTY's dreamn of the New Zealander and London-bridge will be realized before Ireland is either a province of France, or a fresh addition to the American Union, or an independent kingdom. The thing simply cannot be. There is not a Dost of honour, dignity, or emolument in the empire which is not open to the ambition of Irishmen. They may be the leaders of the Inperial armies. They may be the guides of the Imperial councils. They may be the governors of our Indian empire. They may, in short, attain every dignity short of Royalty, and they actually have obtained it. WELLINGTOY, CAINnVG, MOMA, W qEuLEY, BunrE, are there as proofs of our words; what reason, then, have Irishmen to withdraw from a lottery wvhich holds such prizes for them as well as for us'? The English, the Scotch, the Welsh, the colonists are not engaged in any conspiracy to put down Irishmen. The stage is open to us all-the honour and profit are for 7 him who can tread it best, no matter from what province of the empire he may come. The cry of Irish oppression, certainly, for the last quarter of a century has been ihe cry of Irish mediocrity and Irish folly. There was one man, indeed, of wonderful ability in his career who was able to work up this raw material of duluess to his own purposes; and, unfortunately for himself and his country, his efforts were attended with temporary success. B[e lived to see that, giant as he was- in his own walk, the force of events was greater than his strength. His successors and imitators failed more signally than he had failed, because they were men ridicuilously his inferiors in ability and tact, and because every week that passed over their heads rendered their task more difficult. Whatever may have been the case in historical times it is preposterous to say that within the memory of any man of middle life Ireland has been intentionally oppressed or misgoverned more than Middlesex. Grievances the LIish people have had, no doubt, even since the passing of the Roman Catholic Emancipation Bill bift we have not been without our own little difficulties and anomalies even upon this side of St. George's Channel. It wovld not indeed be very difficult to show, from a comparison of the fiscal arrangements to which Ireland and England have been subjected, that the former has been treated with fao greater indulgence than our own district of tae empire. The fundamental error has consisted intreferring solely and exclusively to legislative- enactments those results which flowed in far greater measure froni tihe peculiarrcharacter and: genius-of the. people. If the Irish landlords were spendthrifts and im-providen,t.- neithei the erish zPrliaianf while it lasted, nor the Britil PIaLtme tu Aice the Legislatiye Union of the two .kingdoms, Can with propriety be held'respbnsible for the terrible consequences wthich their unthrift entailed upon their country. England flourished,, while.'Ireland 'withered uncdr -un;iust laws. r That the advantage lay with' the richer country or. province we deny not 'for a moment; but, when every allowance is m.ade on this score, there was that in the iocial and domestic `habiti of the Irish in Ireland which was a permanent bar to their progress. In three provinces out of the four intQ which IrelEnd is divided the landlords had outspent themselves, and could not, even if they had possessed the incliuation, do jlistice to the poor persons whom PnoVIDmNCEs had handed over to their keeping. Nor is it; fair to throw all the blame upon the landlords. The Irish peasant detested work as the wild Indian detests it. Some few instances of penurious industry you might fnd among thean, but by far the greater bulk of the. people asked no bettei than to remain on the lowest rumg of the social ladder, so long as their energies were- not taxed for continuous labour. The cultivation of the potato, encd a short term of harvest labour in England, constituted the industrial routine of the Irish peasant. Provided that he could thus supply hinLself with the means of existence, and with so much whisky and tobacco as his taste required, the Irish agricultural labourer was well enoughl inclined to sauniter through life without a thought for the morrow. The potato rot.came and the famine, with all its terrible consequences. These wretched creatures, by thousands and tens of thousands, were swept away irom the surface of the earth; but from this nmisery b as resulted the salvation of Ireland. The people have been taught that they must not rely upon the potato, but upon work. Let the political arrangements of Ireland be what they may-and of these we will presently say a word-it is clear enough that there is no obstacle at the present moment wvhich stands between the Irish labourer and the soil. The land has been taken in large parcels from the hands of landlords who had none but a nominal interest in their estates, and handed over to purchacers who possessed capital sufficient to call forth the virtues of the soil. Under their auspices we look for a better result than the production of a miserable root which may at any moment fail, and leave a whole population exposed to the sharp stings of famine, and the consequent extremities of human misery. It will be " a great d.ay for Ireland," to use the phrase whi-h seems stereotyped for such cases, when some men of better head in that country sit down and quietly refer effects to causes. We freely admit that there has been much amiss-much that we would willingly see altered; but of what country in Europe, England included, might not the same thing be said ? Would any enlightened Irishman at the present moment wish for his country the political position of Spain, of Italy, of any country in Germany, or of Russia ? Of France we will say nothing, although some eight or nine revolutions in the course of the last half-century may give a very fair idea. of the opinion entertained by Frenchmen of the political perfection of their institutions. Look at al these countries. Any one of them-.Russia, perlhaps, excepted-for the last 50 years could show a population more prosperous tlua the Irish; and yet it would be preposterous to assert that Spaniards, Germans, Italians, or Russians enjoyed anything like the same measure of political freedom as our Irish fellow-subjects. The causes of their misery lay far deeper than this, aud, as we trnst, they have disappeared. Happy indeed shall we be to hail the hour when Irish writers and Irish speakers begin to turn their great abilities to the real service of their country, and desist for ever from the profitless pursuits of agitation. With every deference to the Irish constituencies, we heartily reconmmend them to review their present representatives. Let them send us at least some few men of weight and character wlho will add dignity to the Irish name, and prove of service in the counsels of the empire.
COURT CIRCULAR. OSBOPNE, JuLy 21. The Queen and. Prince, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, an.d Princess Alice, the Princess and Princess Louise of Prussia, attended morning servico at Whippingham Chu-ch yesterday, when the Rev. G. Prothero officlates. Mr. Hutt, M.P., had an interview with M,. Secretary Lahouchere yesterday. Mr. William Haves had also an interview with the right hon. gentleman at the Colonialoffice. Sir Alexander Spearman had an interview withi the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterday at his officialremsidence in Downing-street. Despatches from the Governor of New Zealand were received yesterday at the Colonial-office. Despatches for the Governors of the Australian colonies were sent last evening from the Colonialk-office.
T'E Fussarem GuAIrDS.-A splendid banquet was given by tho Fusileer Guards at the London Tavern Iast evening. Covers were laid for 100. Tho chair was taken by his iloyal Highness the Dau-e of Cambridge, Commander-in-Chief. Amonr the corngmy present were - Lientenant-Genetal Lord Rokeby, L C.B., Earl of M ulgrave, Viscount Bm2y and Viscount Strathallan, Colpnel Lord James -urray, Lord Vane Tempest, General Sir G. Berkeley, KC.B., General Sir W. Cotton, G.C.B., General Sir H. Bentinckl, K.C.B., Colonel Berkeley, Colonel Hapburn, Colonel Joce}yn, Colonel Meyrick, Colonel Yorke, Colonel Tyrwhitt, Lieutenant-Colonel de Bathe, LieutenantColonel Kingscote, Major-Generals Colvile and Dixon, Captain Beresford, Captain Campbe Captain Fasquhamson, Captain Gordon, Captain Knollys, Cautain Lambton, Captsin Shaw Stewart, Major Rushbr&ok, Major Weville, Major Judd, &c. T:E SysTE3 oF RxsiDEr Mnesums.--Ii there had been no Mr.. Crampton in this country there would have been no foss; and no Mr. Dallas in England, no danger of his dismissal. ltis high time, in a word, that the faunting pomp and politieal jobbing of our diplomatic missions were knocked in the head, it is utterly false. that the American Mnisters to France or England have the slightest ralue in promoting wlhat is called good feeling. In the first place, good feeling should spring from our self-respect, and if we have that, and such internationtal comity be wanting, we need not care. And as for a resident Minister doing amy service in case of a menaced difficulty it is all sham. The p^ e cf this country -iith Western Europe issolely intainUired because it is the interest of the paTties to keep the ce and not because there is a Legation in the Faubourg St. Honor6, or Jiuston-sqrare, or at Washington. When I resident diplomats were instituted there was little intercourse between nations. Some sailors at the ports, and some of the nobility and gentry on the grana tour, formed the entire number of travellers, and constituents of intersoci2 life between whatever nations. More A mericans go to Europe in a week now than went from England to France in a year a century and a-half since. In Shakwpeare's time the intercourse between England and France was simhilar to that now existing between Oregon and Central Aflica. Indeed, it does not appear "th the greatest man England ever produced ever crossed the Chennel, though -we judge from hiL Lear thathle had stood on Dover Cliffis. Thus,when intercourse drorerly speaking had no exist'ence between the two nations,. iporacy was at its height. Irn the extent and splendour of his retinue, the ambassador was only second to the monarch-to the incarnated grandeur of the entire national mrindand force. It oughttostrikeeveryonebut litici nsin office, who are always the last persona to comprelend econonic illuminatior and the prophetic novelty of any epoch, that although ambassadors, when people did not travel, were necessary, American ambassadors are not necessary now when people like the Americans do travel. But ev America who travels to spend money (and all do spendit) every cash and cotton freighted steamer that shoots athwart the main is intinitely a better ambassadoi-for the purposo of keeping the peace -than all thie spangled perfidies of old diplomats, who never -were anything else * but sisof phe )ace estblishmenit5: while,history> shows that the sllgha offered -to then more than '-oc led to the wars which they were intended to avert; i' the same way that the Crampton affair would ea&r ago bave led to a war that would have beein impossible if the English had no so-cdnsidered peace-dispeasing.. representative in this conntry;- and inr -the same way that the Osteiid Manifesto, concocted by Buachanan Sould, andaMasen, because thy had nothinig else to do beside the dirty work of Frank,linFie-irce,ï¿½woud-haveled to war, equally impossble if the' trio' had. lEeekept -at home. Mr. Benton and Mr. Badger -are-the only eminent members of -the, JTational legislature who -haive had. the n inaess to chaliacterie our system of residentWanisterS as a useless inWdtiuon-=fmere means fo fwrding e- tisan ass ring political _iepUllers, ad iobbit' the publmi, uaer'tliese circumstanices it, *ould be w aoowtthbiL Engiand has- no rP:-resentative in- thia 7ountry, .o real 1&.r Dallas, tsaysewof breakinguspthewhole sbesiof sident Mnisters, and depending on theTocean mail service,l ;nd;atrre occanons, ,a special miL i teffor our enu dip' lomatie intercourse in uture,-KiuYork-1iTriiua, - -;'
r -LATEST_INTELUGEN,E. (BY SUBMATh' XD MSH TELEGpjppH) .-THE EAST. We pave_ reeeiveck the following telegrahic despatch from our Marseiles corresponlent {C AiSEMnLESi MOAN)DAY, JULY 21, 810 P. "!he Indusli ha arvried with advices from Con. ataiitinople of the 14th inst. " Deepatehes leave at 10 p.m. " The: engeae frigate has arrived from Kamiesch, with 600 mnilitaxy menl and warlike stores.
THE.BISHOPS OF LOZDON AND .DUjTAAr. On Saturday was issued a returni p ani; to an address of the House of Lords, dated the 17th of July. 185, for copies of all correspondence which has pased between Ier Majesty's Government and the Lords Bishops of London and Durhin, touching the resignation by thenm of their sees. The correspndence is as followvs: " rn Lod Bihopof London to Viscount .Pahnerston, " - da "Flulham Palace, June 18, 1850.: "MSy dear Lord,-I think it proper to communicate to vour Lordshipmy desire, on account of continued illness, if alowed by iaW; to resign the bshopric of London, upon being secured the enjoyment during my Efe of a clear anmuity of ,000L. If this proposal should be approved by yourLordship, I trust that you will take proper measures for carr it into effect. 'Ihavethe honourtobe, my dearxLord, your Lordship's very faithful serant, " C. J. LO~nDON." "The Viscount Palmerston to the BLihop of London. "My dear Lord,-I have Piccadilly, June 19. " clear Lorad-I have to acLinowledge the communication of your wishes to resign your see on the conditions mentioned by you, and I -ill talke steps to carry your wishes into effect. "My dear Lord, yours faithfully, "PALMERSTON." "The Lord Bishop of Durham to Viscount Palmerston. " 4, Upper Portland-place, Juno 21. "My Lord,-In consequence of the gisat failure of my signt, and other inufiaities incident to a very advanced age, I am an.xious, if allowed by law, to be relieved from the fatigue and responibility of the high office which I have now enjoyed for the last 20 years. As I shall reinuish a very much larger income, I am persuaded that your Erdship wp i not consider the annual allow.nce of 4,500!. per annum by any means unreasonable. Upon the assarance that this will be granted I shall be reaoy to resign the bishopric of Durham on any day not earlier than the 1st of August. "I could have wished to name a later cay, for I fear it will not be in my power to complete arrangements for leaving Auckland at so early a day; but Lord ChWchester informed me that it might be inconvenient to the Government. I therefore acquiesced, in the confidence that I should not be hurried unnecessarily, and it may possibly be desirable that my- successor, whoever he may be, should have an op. portaumty of conferring with me before I leave Auckldand npon the state of the diocess. "Ihave the honour to be, my Lord, your most obedient servant, "E!. D nmr." "The Lord Bishop of London to Viscount Palmerston. "ulham Palace, 23d June, 156. " My dear Lord,-I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your Lordship's letter of the 19th inshnt, and to express my obligation for your prompt acquiescence in my proposal. "-I remain, my dearlord, your very faithful servant, " C. J.J Lo.NvDon"
PARLIAMENTARY NOTICES. HOISE OF COMMONTS. TuESDAY. Thtv 22. ORDERS OF THE DA.Y. At Lfl 'cloclk County Courts Amt Amendment SUill- Third reading, VIce-President of Committee of Council on Education BiL--Third reading. EIay and Straw Trade Bill.-As amended, to be corsidered. iOTIOX:s or 3o1noiN.- At the Evening Sitting. Mr. T. Duncombe,-To ask whether, under tbe recent act of amnesty granted by tHer Majesty to all political esiles, order_ have been given for the liberation of the following 10 prisners coDnicted of high treason at the York Assizes of ,September. 1820, and transorted to Van Diemen's Lnd by the chip Laldy lrdley in 1821:-william Comstive, William Rice, Richard Addy, Josephl rith, Charles Stansfield, John Birkenshaw, Benjamin Bogers, Joseph Chiapel, Benjamin Haton, and Michael Downing. Sir A. Agaew,-To ask whether Government are dispoLed to relieve private families in Scotland from much of the inconveuience of the prenti system of bileting there, by making other arrangements for the accoommodation of the permanent stafis of militia, for parties of soldiers employed on the recrniting service, and for any bodies of troops not upon the line of march. Ir. Bowyer,-To ask by what act of Parliament. cor other authority, or uon what ground, two pensions, among the rnost deserving of the Ihigheat consideration in the civil list of 'thu B3ritish empire, to Ca_oline Cort and Catherino Liddon, for ï¿½25 each per annum have been reduced to ï¿½19 eech pe- annum, being 25 percentur, or ;315 sterling duringthe last 25 years. Mr. 1. Berkeley.-To .ak th. Chancellor of the Excheqner it he has recelved tenders for carrying the mnil to the Cape of Good Hope . and wheth r he has any objections to lay those several tenders, if decided on upon the table of the house. Molonel Worth,-To aal: if there 1ilt be any objection to lay on the table of thehouso a copy of the repOcton theproving of the gu manufacturedbythehfersey Steela,d lon Company, tried on the 22d and 23dof Mtay, ou theourthshore, nearLiverpoot; and-lrat is proposed to be done 'with the gUn. fr. Oisay,-To preseenta petition from the WNativeAieocationof Madras on the subject ofotorture. Mir. .Gey enood,-Address to the Crovn, preyina tfh Her I=aesty isill hOo graciousl'y pleseed to give snob directions550 1stolermawvseem meet fee the a andishop of a Boal d onmgisehn conng of leirnedrmen,t e skailled in t&eoriginllanguageeof the a o tScrip tures d caouversantsith moern Biblical ocfolarsndp. to consider of auth amendments of theautorged verionofthe Btle have beean alrd proposed, andto receiesgestions from allpron-homay be 'wiling to offer them; to point out errors of translation, and euch wor s and phrases afs have either changed their meanig or become obsolete n te apse o:t time; and to report the amn edments shich they may be preprped to recommend. Sir o.euitk-Tatd.-Tot ubmind the just hms oforWtain numbers of eD cons, Her Majestyms subjectis, on the ipanish cirternment, for an honou-able settlement of the Spanish Committee Ce.tiicate or Coupon not funded. Mr. W. Greene,-Beturns of the revrnues derived from lofds by the archbishops and bishops of ireLand, dastndguishing the amount recived froh reotieand the amount received from dr.es, and the gross and net amounfs. the numler of alhes of Lund from v.ich the rents andW nes aremderived; theaveragevalueper=aosmof thnoe lands, and tota't value; Oft d t the rnue d d the lando the churen inhhands of the EaclesiasiMinllCommissioners,, distinguishing renlt and fiues, and ltatseg to 'what extent perpetuiies have been grated "o. Mr. roebuck,-That the Under Secretary for War haoving aditted that, upon anonymous information, a secret inDu had been ordered ito the conduct of ageneralofficer,thiscHouseufeels itselfd ound to express its reprobation of such a proceeding. hMr. W. Williams.-Address for retmue of the number of persons dogged insthe arm pin eachofteyears fr5om ad1e , specifing the offeuce, the regiment, the place ofesaon e time, dte sentence, and the number of Lashes innicted. Mr. Iw. WllRans,-Rrtinrrn of the number of persons fbEged in the navyin theyearscltSi,n f and IS55. distanudshingdeach year, speciteinguthenname ofRtemsAip, tae offene,fthe sentenee, and number of lTshes ionfictled Mr. aburrour,h,-To move thu following resolution:- Thatadovetnment hich, in thbe time of pesos, retains foreign troops embodied inthis cofo rrt as riuorthy tpl e conidence of this blr. J. Llicardo.-etirs c' f the number of orsrsltiors of inquiry anpd investigation appointed in eauch year from the yearI551) to 1850 inelusive; specifying their 'ifferent items of expefniture and totai cost, anud the period during which each commission existed. Mr. Cowper,-Rctusn stating shich of the undermentioned local authorities is acting for each pnribhin England under the provisions of theNuisances emovr l Act,Hand speying the r pesehes for whiphma sanitary inanector mas been applointed :-1, Local Board of Hica'tth; 2, Town Council:. 3, Improvemen t Cammiadoners or Trustees; . H.Eigh. wsayBoard :, 5u Anmces Removal Canunnittee ,6, Inspectors for lighting aLnd Watching Z, Guardians aLnd Overseers of the Woor ad teuarveyors of the Highways for lbs parish or plare. Mr. Cosper,-lietulras of the number of tosses to which the Pubolic Heal'tUh Act, 5IS>, was applied betwveen the 10th dlas of April and the 50th of June, 1856i. Of t,he nmbl'er of applrictions for the sanction of thbeGeneral Board of Health to the mortgage of rates for permanent wors, anid the amount of loans sanctionedbetwVfen theist of January 1854, and the 30th of June, 1855. Mud of thannmher of reports bY superintendin1g in, etars made to the General Eoard of HIealth between the 1st of Januusary, 1054. and the 10th of June, 1856. on the examination of p Lans and workis of dralnago or waiter supply, and on inquiries under the Publc Htealth Act. OPRDrsEi OF THE DAY. East India Company's Revenue Accounts,-Report, Leases and Sales of Settled Estates PilL-Third reading. Metropolis Local 'angngememitActs Amendment (No. 21 B3 t,-Consideration of Lorus' amendmnents. Commons Enclosure (No. 2) Bi'4,-Considerati on of Lords' amendmeni.s. Proctors in Ecclesilastical Courts BilL-Second readin. Bishops of London and Durbam RetirementBill,-Scond reading.
A I ic AsnD ENGisHsieiTn?.-The sentiment that prevails with us is not one of exultation at having achieved a victory over an adversary, but only of joy and gratulation that the danger has been averted whidh threatened to involve us in a contest with friends. lext to its own- disgrace the United States would deplore the degradation of England, or even any abatement of her power, hergreatness, and her glor.y. The removal of one cause of difference in the termination of the enlistment dispute is regarded here as a step towards facilitating the adjustment of all remaining qnestions. Instead of exciting doubt and distrust in the parties, it is expected to strengthen that moralalliance between Eneland and America which is founded upon a long-cherished recprocal dependence for the prosperity of great national interests, upon mutual rect for the enterprise and energy by which each has accomplished surprising progress in arts that tend to elevate ths hunan race, and upon an identity of objects that invites co-operation nd pre cludtes collision in their prosecution and pursuts. he belief here is confidently expressed th tthe Central Ateican difficultywill be speedily arranged, now that a conciliatory disposiSion has controlled the counsels of the British Government in accepting our recent overtiures for negotiation. Age hare seen no indications whatever in ny reliable exposition of popular sentiraent here that the balance of concession in the matter of a change in the British Legation at Washington is thought to give to this BRepublic the leasl;. advantage in a just estimate of the transaction.. The country is disposed to regard the dismissal of -ir. Crampton 'as, under the ircnmstances of the case, a judiciouasmeasare, because it had become apparent that his'relation to our Government were such as would prevent him from exercgisligthat influence wlichAsdue.toChe inisterof the onlgreat nationrenresented at Washington whose institutions are assiralated to our own, ind which is suti anidbentfi6ialin proportionas itis exertedtoinspire the twionationswi.thnutnalconfidence andrispect,andtostrk thenthe tiesthatbindthem together in amfty. 7stuchsprise hashbeen expredw -within-these few days, by some'of our ost- pectabl nd influential citizens, -that no. seps have lxeen tAken in this gntat commercial emporium to frame i suitable response to th-e frieridly !addreses ' sent to- us from zWeipool and Manchiester. Yielding to the -promptings of a generous impulse, the people of those cities Joined- in large mumbers in a; movement hav n ysiew -the perpetuation of 'peace. ith this; country. The motives hkich actuated them commind our respect aad we'cordiallv inrocate the sewitiments'to Whilh theygave Ttterie; -he dela%n conveving to themn asurances -that -we thus reard eir 4rieneRy demonstrations has rSulted frim the strong co'ifideuce we, have. never cesed to enterta tiat- ll the qpcstions at issue between the two countrie adimitte' of, and*ereoertabito re.eive' a peaceful 30lution: j1PerhTahs - hbwever; itpis not tbb less incunibentyon usio afthe -ooirSes'y-of -a- fornsl reply tetlaeir-'ell-meamt aog.iins -ind cordial expressons ~of --Y cte,Tri* -Jon{n of
IRELAND. - - . (rxox oUR oWN co . . . DUBLTN, M0OiDAYI;Oan. THE SADLEI. a'oNSPUCACy. The Carlotw Seaind, iAlluing to the'fight of James Sadleir, exprese3 -a belief that the awindler cannt have been log' an absentee 'fromt aielnd, and for These rezons *-It was only on :riday weeltat a large amount io hii scostly fuiniture wAs.9ntivyed throngh Crldr, inflat,j i- D-a .blin; Thera ws nio great secrecy observed, alt*Se U C -tati oEly 2Lnnounced that The seven hu ge,.tloats eontained the household-furnituie belongingt,to The lsad. of the bank (James Sadreir) and it was with equa1 nertarntysanrnounced that the bird LAd :lown o writhin a very~ relcent period. With- the ranm of; 280,1)0\1. drawvn out of 'the coffers of the baiak; it 'is' not usncharitably;uriniised that the hon. mnember forL Tipperarydidnofiretire empty-haAdedfro'm'the busy stenes of pubric life. - Tte Master of the Rolls sat 'for a; srior't timne OIL' Saturdl;ayto hear an application for thelappoint' merrt of a receiver to collect and receive the out-L' standing assetiand property of the Tipperar bank, and over thereal antd personal estateiofJames Saleir. It was proposed on e part of the petitioner3 to lave Mr. 'Dowell, the offic'al m , appointed receiver, if he were 'illing toact, andThatd, if he -ere not, some othar person should be aed. The motion was argued for the petitidnesrs by Mr. William Smith and' Mr. Lawson, aiid b r M.'r. Breirster, Q.C., and Mr. Deayw, 4., for the !hoffll manager, who opposed the application;' Vhen ,the ase was before the Court some days since the Master of the Rolls'intimated that he would ake timE to consider his judgmient, and, as he wa.sthe. about to rise t-ll next term, would Iend the Oider tD the registrar. The following is the order which he has made in the matter * "The Court doth declino to mnake any order on this 3 moYon, the question which aises being of s; much difficulty anddoubt that it ought not to be decided upon motion- and let the costs of the motion be costs in the causa." The effect of this rule is to lea-ve matters as they stand until the main question comes on to be heard before the Chancellor by a cause -petition next November. DECBEFASE OF CaRID. Tiae sumamer assizes of 1S56 are not likely to h6 soon. forgotten by the legal profession in all its brantches. With one or two exceptions, the criminal business was, so far as the circuits have been completed, all bilt nis, and the lists of records to be disposed of was equally scanty and profitless. In Clonmel, the capital of South T'ipperary, at one time the focus of ciime and litigation, the criminal calenidar: occupied three hours, and the trial of records six inore, being the lightest commission which was ever held there. The exceptional cases are those of Westmeath and Mlayo. At the former there swas a tolerably long array of prisoners, and at the latter MIr. Justice Keogh, in opening the commission, regretted to be obliged to state that the calendar of prisoners for trial at these assizes, though not large in point of numbers, was heavy in regard to the natire and character of the offences charged, and. therefore very unsatisfactory. His Lordship said there were five cases in which the parties were charged with the crime of wilful murder, two for manslaughter, and others for felonious assaults on females, and burglary, and robbery, in al 30 cases, of which some appeared to be of an extreme character.
MIOYDVAY EVE.TFVFG CONCEBTS. UInder the above title, a new scheme has been set on foot to provide the worling classes with mugic at charges pro. portionate to their means. All undertakings of this nature merit encouragement. Whatever tends in any way to elevate the moral tone of tbe lower orders, by seducinw them from the beershops and gin palaces to plaes -where, instead of indulging in that fatal vice which has hitherto, unhap>ily, 1been their only stimulus after the hours devoted to labour, they may enjoy a rational and innocent amusement, deserves to be regarded in the light of a national benefit It has been proved beyond ,further question that mere lectures, even upon subjects -within easy reach of the popular intelligence, will not suffice. The few who listen attentively no doubt acquire a good deal of desultory instruction; but, to the majority, lectures are dry and uncaptivating. When the physicalfaculties havebeen hard taxe for many hours consecutively the mind uires amusement and relaxation rather than another sort ol discipline, and these the lecturer, however eloquent and persuassve, and however promisng the theme of his discourse, is not exactly in a condition to impart. On the other hand it is notorious that of all arts music is the one which has the most attrctions for the mass of people. It is the art, so to say, whch can descend to the level of their apprehension without debasing either itsel Eor them. The variety of its formR of manifestation is prodigious, and there exists a whole voiid ofthings which, while forthe jaded connoisaeurtheymay posissttle or no interest, are endowed with a delightful friehness inthe eye (or ears) of those who have not had the same opportuities of appreclation. The plan, than, npon which the Monday Evenung Concerta are conducted is good and warrants anti pations ofsuccess. Thegraduated scale ofprices-2d., 4d., 6d., and ls.-is judicious, and will enable manya poor artissa to attend the performances occasionallyin the company of his wife andfannily,instead of listening to them selshly alone. The room in which the concerts are held-the Philharmonic Hall, Newrmau-street-is commodious,$and saited to the purpose, while the situation is sufficiently centraL The programmes include glees, madrigals, songs comic and serious, and short instrumental pieces, chiell of dance musiC which, besides being evidently relished by the audience, are frequiently commented upon in a sensible manner. Two conozrts have already taken place (the second last night), and with excellent results. Perhaps we may render some service to the cause and afford a further insight into the objects of the undertaking by reprintingtbecircaraddress of the "People's Concerts Committee,' wh ich wras irsued after the inauguration concert.- " In compliance with the cagetions of sereral patrons acid rnippDcters of the Monday EveningcConerits fortheWoking Caao-who were highly p~leaaed with the character of the mu'a etruaic given teamosrrespectfei and delighted nudienceof severalhundred artirons. with their families at the Philbarmonic Hall, on Mond2j; evening, Julya1th, nder the presidenr ofJ.A. icholiy sq-the PemDs'f, Coreerts Committee respeIctFuy solicit the co-operation of eraup oyers, mnore particularly those in the locality, in support of e pooje. the want of which in te mnetropolis hba been long resrete4d bi the test friends of the worlrig clasac 'The Committee believe itto be of the greatest importnce that tha movement bhould not be conWidered as oneoE an eleemosynary nature, but, on the oontrary, that it sbould be fcom the irst entirely setf-suatainunb. They thdereforeventure tosusseat batbypurhamng tickets (which are issuied at a nominal price) for distribution amaoni; their servants and work-people, employers woud be hnost efficiently promeotinig the aucca ot an undertaking which hbas receivedthe approbation of the nobuity and genty, of the maost eminent individuals in the vrorld of litersture and cience, of distinguished offiial and public men of all purties and, ' thoughilst, cotleast,' hbs secured the heartz sonprw if the public press. " tbe committee re flly eonifident that their appeal for aid will not be made in vaia; as it wiU be at once a -ppent that this is one of the Tery7 few movements In which persons of all ranks, creeds, and ;ertieit may co-operate without the incrifice oE one iota of their indTlidual religlous or polaitica rIn^ciplesthat the Churchman, thne Disscnter, and the Catholicthe Consevtve and the I4beral-canmeee ou a untec t.oge,ther in promoting tnheegare2atwortk ithesocial aDeorsiter, of thpewoPte. " Philharonic HaLl July 16.n If by able cud thrifty management the pzinciple of selfs sustairent cn be successfully apphed to the Monday livening Concerts there will be further reason for gzatificution. The names of the patrons should be citsd, since there is no cause to shrink from being -publicly known as the chief instigators and agents in so good and, exemplary a work. They are as follow:-,Viscount Xaynham. Miessrs. J. A. Nicaiolay, Henry May'hew, P. Graham, F. J. Augarde, and Charles Mackey. Ifwe may be permit' ed a word of advice in the matter, we shoutld recommend itat iu constructing the programames the greatest 'care be taken to furuish as much plain, sensible, Zunafected music as poeEible-carefully eschewing that vicious class of compositions generally recognized as sentimentalballads-trashy, nambypamby love-songs,which are obnoxious in the drawng-rooms of the rich, ad can haveno healthy infiuenceuaon the humbler resorts of the poor. One of Bishop's vigorous lees is, worth a hundred such trivialities, which have Tone incredible harm both to the musical and poetical taste of our fashionable circles. We 'were pleasdd to fmd the selection last night almoset entirely free frim those excrescences, although not so Ate fre os a species of " oormc song," which, bDeing n either .huimourous, nor -ritty, nor pointed, nor. .at all mu , but simply. ogrevous monsense, is calculated to o*er ithe taste of the audience vithoutaly p1liating circusntiwces.- Alt6getheF -we must say, consideringthe big tk of-the-promoters-. -that fthe ctetAinmentr offered to the- audiene (wlbich law so large ihatit-was sarcely.practicable to o ain*access to any part of the hall after the hour anirinced. for thLe commencement) ws byno meais worWhy of theicccasion. We do not expect-nor do we sugges as advia%ble, a concert ef frst-elass music. fiwely executed. We ae aware thit such a thing would be out of the question; but we must strojgly protest against an-awrably of isatramentalit like at of last iniit being denoninuatea "ba and aginst the aspliection of theteclificiltorus, "It4er" and " conducor, to gentlemen -whose ofEce is tD preside over La cornet, a piccolo, andc three6 or- fouk "a.triulgs", Bishop'r i;Tramp"- clorts, too,-n solo singing in geqnera wuac anythingjbut: gQod. The chief UhonQurs. B-Were carrled away b ab Mi. Jon a -whose -`] bln," in 'u's tll, and Poetllon indoiibtfUl 1P 'ech ':`cri6&`everything before t- youg I (Mies EBrezftial%-we .believe) sang t'he' erysiysllydWboDad " n ie"olerably vell ; but ll the rest -we lca&th. advantag of hearivg-a b)eneatliauiediocriit*. Whathas beetsaimdat.t p6in- aeement of thi l idenopghtos advocates of tbe ascheme 'fr-givoingk chespe =Viudc' to''the people ;-but the muasic hould be g-oo of itejkind aiel'L as cheap, aud we eon d that this may ire accompliabed. There is-no oecmwbaUevfQr 'ihu- even a, twopenny audience, an it is o g bter Atin htumbug to announce a oertainXr. -t-dwiseeaerformeesk -ate siscEs1y deplorable, ai "NrA-, thei e*Ies'atduuiinie .sUlgpr. L:- i -, t:- --a - :.*2 gti-$ <.s - - _________-_-_-______________i____-_______, - W ssT IrrDsi. Pmzu.-The ili&,DOs -es..1 -PaHe The j= deaor thins arlel frornmb niotha-acis5,Jae4t ,11a,llJp, pruatersetb hpat! >er lte j :'
FOREIGY .I-TEELLTGEYCE. ]FRABNT -: LApo? 1i1r ;tieo olwiog ap.pear in our socondedi. Mn of v erd- . - . . I (?B:O-Y QUR% 1 ?!;? I I -1 I YAIUm SUNDAT, JULY.20, 6 P.x. The only.news ,froni Spain, at onoe authentic.auct of some importanc, that has been rece;ved to-day is,that -o f the restoratio of tniiqtil l llBaroya, and of the dirming and dissolution of;the Eational Guard of th,at-,ty.t This is.the firt inegence we hea-r.of ,i;q .llity h'avi been dastu oedi ii the capita.I of: Ca,talonia, s o it ia probable 'tha* !the Issnece which: occrred yesterday wa.s .'not. -i~y serious. Tlierq ha,d beenl aninsurTectionary' mooement> at La Junquera, but det3ils are not giveu.- Fronr private iourCes we receive an ew particu ,. Ahich l elierove may berelied upon of ent e,vent at Saregossa and DNatid. From. the former e welearn thao , on receivingathe teegraphic despatch from O'Doneell-'s Government' announcing the cranoe, the Captain-Genersa called together the civil autbhoriies ind the chies of the National Guar:d to conSullt: with .thbem, and, after -twQ hours' delibertion, tesistance was resolved UpOn. A. lett-er fromu Mzdrid representw the Sighting to havie been pretty obstinate and the bloodshed conwiderable, wohe the tho,ps got the upper hand. 'Ibis ws to be ezpedted. There was~ no love bet-een the soldiers andNationais, and the for2neiweres eager to revenge the humiliat;.ons of 1854. The 8d light battalion of the Nationuil Guard (probably~ a portion of it) defended itself iu a house, witha Sisto Camera, the well-know journalist, and wfhen the troops ovrercame the resistance and forced therr way in, it is said that they were not very merciful, The whole of the?lationalshave been disarmed,with tlhe exception of two compaies, whEich had sided -with the Government. Wfith :respect to Espartero, nothing certain is Lnown. A :newspaper says, that after hnis resignation he left his residenlce and tcoo; up his abode inthehouseo.^ Madame Gurra, mother of the General of that name and of his private secretary, Brigadier Gurrea - This is 1i3;ely encugh, but it is more than probable that, whilst apparently atliberty, he is under the surveillance of the authorities, and has perhaps had it intimated to him that ha must not quit Mladrid. The strong garrison of Madrid, the 'enera of O'Donnell, and his often-proved indifference to human life, are cer-tainlv gunrantees for the continuance of tranquillity mnthe Spanish capital, but that; might even yet be disturbed by newFs of insurrections ill the provinces. It must be borne innmind that in 1554, when O'Donnell and Dulce -revolted with the cavalry and a few companies of infantry, Madrid remained quiet, although the military force there was not large, until word carne of the risings at Valladolid, Saragossa, and elsewhere. Up to this time we have no news from the Provinces of Spain, except from Catalonia and Arragon, and we must await further intelligence before we can form an opinion as to the probable ultinmate success of O'Donnell's cetup) d'eft. Private information, differing from the official account given biy the Madrid Gcte of the Ministerial crisis, rnakes it appear that Espartero's resignation was promptly accepted by the Queen, who forthwith (in his presence, it is said) charged O'DonnEell wvith the formnation of a newt Ministry. T'here can scarcely be a doubt that the wholething was prearranged and the result of a plot. Espartero, whose great weakiness and misfortune it is to believe every man, as honest and sincere as himself, may think it impossible that the Queen, who has repeatedly (and paricularly in 1854) been indebted to him for her crown-thast thle K(ing, whose life he once preserved-and that O'Donnell, who hats so oftenclaspedhishandcinamity, and swo-min public to the truth and eternity of their union, should conspire against him ; but such will not be the opinion of those who know the characters of the thrie persons in auestion, and especially of Isabella and her husband. Espaztero may, and doubtless has, uniformly kept in view his Sovereign's real advantage, but, in so doing, he inevitably man counter to her tastes. The decorum and propriety which have of late characterized the Spauish Court have been submitted to, but hardly relished by so gay a Q-ueen; who, with no goodwill, beheld, after the revolution of 1854, her old friends and intimates removed from. her side and Teplaced by personas whose political and moral character were more in accordance with her own respectability and the views of her new advisers, but -who to her were comparatively strangers and whoUy unacceptable. In Madrid it was generally believed that she cherished, especially since the last revolution, a miortal haTTed of the National Guard, and certainly the con traint and terror she underwent when blockaded I in her palace, and when bands of armed citizens beset the countrxy beyond it to prevent her escape or that of her mother, were unlikely to inspire her with a friendly feeling towards the civic troops. Her powers of dissionulation-inherited from her father, -who ever smiled miost sweetly on those whose death or disgrace was at hand-are notorious, and Espartero ought to know her well enough by this tine niot to be surprised at her turning against him. The King has never forgiven, we may be very sure, tbe reproofs and checks he repeatedly received from the Duke de la Victoria, at a time when he busily intrigued againsc his Government, and especially at the period of the conspiracy at Aranjuez in the early part of last sumnier, which was quickly followed by a complete change in his household, his aides-decamp being replaced by offlicers enjoying the confidence of the then Premier. That the present crisis was anticinated and prepared for by O'Donnell is proved bythe rapidity with which lHadrid fo und itself beset by 18,000 soldiers and 60 pieces of artillery. The barracks of the capital afford quarters to about 10,000 men, and the remainder were held in readiness at Alcala, Vicalvaro, Leglines, and other adjacent military stations. Everything was prepared to make the success of the reactionary party certain in the capital; we have still to see how far subnmission has been secured in the provinces. Arragon is the point of most interest and importance. Espar2ero is idolized in that :rovince, especially at Saragossa, where there is every reason to believe his two former aides-decamip and steadfast friends, Gurrea and Falcon, are at the head of the combined troops and ?National Guards, and where 85 members of the Cortes (more than a tbird of the whole body) have assembled, and wvill doubtless soon be joined by other deputies. The Arragonese are a sturdy and warlike race, and the National Guards of Saragossa and of the pro- -nces have proved on more than one ocsion that theyare good for something else besides bulldinugbarricades when all chance of fighting is over (as in haadrid in 1854), strutting and vapouing in Peace time, and giving up their arms when troops are sent agairst them. Moreover, in Arragon preparations have long since been made by influential members of the Liberal partyforsuchacrisisas hasnow occurred. From its very morrow the revolution of 1854 -was ~conwidered a failure by the Progresistas. Tlis ;was xepeatedly declared in the private meetings of the -chiefs of that party at 3iadrid, wrhodeplored the false position Bipartero had allowred himself to be placed in, linked wit'h 4Doinell and others who nspired his friends with no conxfidence. " It has ll to be done over ag"in," they said, " and the next -revolution,will be f3r more serious than this one." And, as they would not fly in the face of Espartero, -whom They loved and respected while deploring his credulity and. defi0ency in energy, they contented themalves witfh prepjaring for the_truggle they foresaw., Argonwas theprovince on which theyreckoned as a strongh6id; Saragossa was the Progresista cap ital, and there can be no doubt that General Gurxea, while Captain-Geneal of that province, organized everythlng fo_ iornaidable resistance wlen the xeactionary`Pa.rtxould attempt to assunie the escendant. O-ie- L. ILns first acts on taking the command Vas o- appoint a number of ofFce.s' of whose oliticAl principles he was quite certain, to the troops under-his oTders., This gave-rise to angry discussions with UDonnell, who, on his nart, nmuca ro te osargat of the-Liberal paijy, was fillinr up the army with Moderado,. offlicers, and appointing such.treble&dyed traitors asBos de Olan,oD.Dwc, and Serrano to the highest miltarvy poSts; bUt Gurna was firm, and his appointments were maintained. It- Is,- unquestionably-, in Arragoi that the strob,gest interest now centres; - It weakness be xhond iaen, the.hopea of the iberals are at -an n Spai - for the .lreeent, amd. the marc of reation has fairly set in, -and will not, so&n be srrested. - e meetiniof:the Cortes at Saragossa i A highly importaht lvent, as giiig legality to the resistance which .may be- offered, to the ar&itrai'y I-ower thatas tistalled itseLf at Madrid. WI have reen before now-f nci-se *wiere th-eomstitution had been volated, or E.me great danger.threatened the -ounryamid its iberties, that the seat -of goverro'ent in constitutionaI Spain Ewas held to be ther w 1here. the Corks weroasembled. It is neither essential n;or important-tt theirplae of aesa3,.on shouWl b in the capital,. 'ib sre,ierciaedaoverin,ower at Cadiz, wlhen the il ad:abdicate1d i favour of a usurperandnenrly-the.w hole country- wvas overrun by foreign iuvaders. The rapidity with which so large a number' as 8i' deEte have collected at Saragoss= renders,it ï¿½neianit that a not crordre had' bn previously givesi, and a,rniidezvouis Ecek ,upon, in case of a riolation of the righti 6f thez :assenbly, or of an attack upon the libertibe of the country,- durin;g, tuhe period the seOli was -iapended. The evening papers that -have just appeared oom,tamvarios dst&Ilsandeories6ondence from Mairia relating to- the- stin"le of _he 15th and 16th inst. .According to the ePak Zi one*batialion of the lie /had 130- men hors de comnbat. - irc-o 3urs, brother of the ex-A inister, waS conspicuous as a zleader of the insurgents, and Espartero was at the English- embassy. This news needs confirmation. 'The diatuArance.s at Barcelona are said to have amounted merely to the formation of groupi quickly disperned. There is a rumour this afternoon, but I know- not what credit is to be attached to it, that M. Parieu; Vice-President of tle Council of State, is to be the successor of the late NL Fort"ul. The Minister of War has ordered several regi-, ments to proceed to the frontier of Spain. Yesterday two war battalions of the 22d Reg,iment of the Line left Paris by railway for Bayonne. * The Consul of Spain at Bayonne received on the 18th a telegraphic despatch, amnouncing that in the evening of the 1,-th Barcelona, (Gerona, aiid other districts of Catalo*ia, situate along the French frontier, continued to enjoyperfect tranquility. Anothei deepx.eh stated that an insurrection had broken out at Saragossa, and that a portion of the garrison of Pampeluna and5,000 men froml Madridrwere marching ag,ainst that city. TURKEY. (ERosm ouR n ows coRFsroifDxNx.) "ONSTANTMOPLE, JULY 10. There is stil the same haze over our political horizon, which leaves individual imagination at liberty to people it with pleasant or unpleasant visions, but the sharpest eye can scarcely detect in it3anything real and positive. One might say that nothing is certain except that everything is uncertain. Council is held after Council, buxt wvithout any result. Soon after AaJ Pasha's return the rumour of a partial change of the Ministry was current; Aali Pasha and Kibrisli Mebmed Pasha, now President of the Tanzimat, wvere to have changed places; but this would have been equivalent to bonnet blanuc and blanc bonnt. It would have left tbings in the same unsettled state, it would, scarcely have given the necesry unity to the Administration wbich is its chief waant, or supplied it with the strength which would lead it out of the lalbyrinth of difficulties. 1 n;eed not tell you that chief among these is the execution of the Ratti-Etumayoun. There is a ballad of Goethe's called the "Zauberlehrling," or the "Apprentice to the Magic Art," in which the apprentice, profiting by the master's absence, and mimicking the master's spell, evokes the magic power to help him to bring water from the river. The obcdieni spirit cornes and works with marvellous celerity, to the astonished apprentice's great delight, but, by the time the work is done and all the vessels filled, the apprentice has forgotten or ill-learnt the words of the master, and his delight turns into terror when he sees that the too obedient spirit does not cease to work, and the vhole house is soon inundated. The Turkish Ministry is at the inundation point, and doea not know how to help itself. It has conjured up a spirit which it caunotf allay, and over which it has no controL Like the apprentice, it is trying one thing and another, but only increases its embarrassments. The arrival of the Commanders-in-Chief of the allied armies w,ill be inaugurated by festivals. A grand review of the Turkish troops by the Sultan, a grand dinner for 160 persons in the new palace, and a ball on board the French Admiral's ship the Proserpine, are talked of; but hitherto only Marshal Pelissier has arrived. Sir William Ccdrington has gone to Odessa, but is expected here every moment. The French are said to have evacuated the Crimea altogether; they have now at Constantinople, Varna, and GaUiuoli only from 15,000 to 20,000 men in all, I am told. Of English there w;ill be only a'oout 800 men left by the end of this week. The Sd Light Infantry Regiment of the German Legion and the seven remaining companies of the 1st Regiment are already embarking, and vessels have been sent to Smyrna for the remainder of the SWiss LJegion. A robbery, accompanied by murder, took place last week on the road from Shsnmla to Varna. Dr. ialozdy, one of the surgeons attached to the BashiPazouks, was travelling that way, with his wife, an assistan-nurgeon, his servant, and an araba-driver. In passing through the forest they were assailed by five robbers. As they carried no arms with thema, resistance was out of the question, exceptin the case of the assistant-surgeon, who tried to defend the party with his sword, but was shot through the artm. He tried to escape on horseback, but was shot through the body. The robbers turned over the eart ann took away about 1,0001. whice Dr. Kalozdy carried about with him, and -which had probably been the cause of the attapk. It is said that one of theZabtEcs, orpolicemenof the Kaimakan of Shumla, has heen recognized among tne robbers. The order has arrived to stop the Crimean mail as the three remaining reguients, the 50th, 56th, and 34th, and the 12st detachment of the 11th HusEars, will be gone by Saturday next. THE DANUBIAN PRINCIPAUTIES. On the 7th of Juily the Elospodar of Wallaehia addressed the following proclamation to the Administrative Council of the Principality:- " Rarely has a land suffered under such an uninterrupted series. of extraordinary aisfortunes as our own country from 1S49 up to the present day. Is Drin-g seven years, which were but one long crisis, we were guided by a sense of duty, and our conscience tells us that we were never actuated by any other motive. "A A new era begins for our country from this day. A coranissary of the Suzerain end the commissaries of the Great Powers vwri assemble in Bucharest, in order to learn the vishes and necessities of the nation, and to secure for it a durable and happy future. During this period of transition a Provisional Administration will manage the affairs of the country until the new organization which has been guaranteed to the Principality shall be established. We, therefore, to-day resign 'the reins of governmnent, and ?eave the provisional administration of the country in the hands oi the Extraordinary Administrative Council " ilis Excellency the Ban Mlanuel Balliano, President of the Council, and the oiher chiefs of the departments will carry on the business of their respective Ministries according to their instructions, and with that activity aurd zeal which the circumstanoes require, until further orders are received from the Sublimne Poite. "' We have still a duty to perform. We appeal to the good feelings of our countrymen, and recommend to tbem unanimity, 'or the-welfare of' our common fatherland impewatively demands that -all personal considerations and party interests should'be sacrificed. "The present moment is of the utmost importance, for the whole fature of the country i3 dependent on it. A quiet, dignified, and discreet behaviour will render the niost efficient service to our cause, and best correspond with the benevolent intentions of His Majesty the Sultan and the* generous views of the Great Powers. " STIRBEY.": On the 5th inst. the Ifospodar left Bucharest, as it was said, to inspect the upper districts of the Prin-; cipality, but on 'the 7th AL Pajenar the director: of his (lswnceles-e, returned with the proclamation i above given. Stirbey is now with his wife at the' Convent of Bistritza. RUSSIA. (FROM OUot BBIMes CoFE:sFSoNDN-.r) BERLiN, JuLr 19. The controversy which I lately mentioned as being, carried on vith-great eagerness inthe-Rus8ian,press,t and which seems, to turn for the most part on the queston whether the Iuussian left wing gave way prematurely at Alma, is spoken of as the - cause of mrince Meischikoff havin'taLen himself off rather unexpectedly from -St.Pettersburg, and repaired to 'his seat- near 30sc"or.' Another conflict 'oif nuchl older date-viz., the strugile etweein the so-call6d G termanE and the old Russian party-is also being carried on just h'ob with Tenewed, vigoulr, thougzi j,under very. aupdierent:-auices -fiba'thoab that t , ebtained inrtlii earl,y l,ytages,of the late war. General Todtleben haz been.receiving an incessnt seriee of ovations in the capital and at Helsingfors, ind still More lately has bee,presented with a gold meied of ,tha valu.'e o gf 'SOO'nilver eauM 'thl Eii - - -ing and-A llery'Aadem in. Et,~ P,ezytoburg Tmehis medaLi3 preeter.d- osFc et-very fnree yeas .en thQe birhday of the founder, ths late Emper,or i'icaoliw, to:some offlcer, .a .former pupdl of;the Academy,: *ho aniy have; disinguished- himself apec'aaJ'by.. big -Iservice ,in .fae' of. ,thy'. enemy, an, isatually'. enough,, was toted inAumsously ii the'^renowned defender of Seatopol The d II In' pa , .'hich htas been very much s.iderea. cloud ev,er since th cit.end,encies -of the ofTory ZE ,p,eror wrere.o,penl,y m,ie,ated, are now p ucking up. courage to p,uth forwar their pretensimis'' ;public favour agag, and thas, too, on no less aiutli. l nity-thln Xtha of''our'allat counrtnman General W illiauas, 'hose 'spebehes and'toasts- in' honotr -of- GeealMouriavieff lorn-the welcome themc of vrery .- grateful comment, oa their piat.. : - General Mouravefflielfse s to be earnestly intenit upon a final iubjugtion oi the Ciraans the Ciaucasus is continualy Mentsomng the departure of reinforceinen*a foi thefortressof Grosnaia or for that of Vladicaucas;lthe intention ap'pear to be to isolatethe Caucaiansvby i pow.erfulnirlitary ,cordon. The IInialide: alao contained.a letter of. thanks from the Emperor ,a sd to Bruot, General of Engineers, for the succesful accomplishment of the tadk ained him of ertig a series of fortresses along 'the two riven, the Oxus sihd the ,Jniiarces (Sir-daja'). P-y mneans o! these foirtreasea Russia nowi conimands the water communication, the tra,de,and, at,the same time, the stragetical centre whenqe she can exercise- her mfluence over Persia. Tleopetlpledes that inhabit the steppes iuthat quarter of thewoorld are debendent on these streams, and consequentlg 'on 'the Power that possse3 them, and now the military' orgganization along the Asiatic frontier, extending from there upto Siberia, where the Russians are now very active on the AnoQr, may be said to be complete. The sentence of a coitinmartlal' passed upon Colonel Misinoff, late commander of the separate Orenburg corps, and subsequently confirmed by the Einperor, condemns him to. the loss of his rank, his orders, and his nobility, and degradea him to serve in the Cossack ranks; his offences consisted of embezsieiaent and falsifying his accounts, for. the purpose of his own advantage, at the expense of the soldiers" rations. Thepertiiacitywithwlhich theP eerslntrgerZeigtzeuq refutes the sophistrie3 of the Protectionists in fiscal matters, and advocates the modification of the prohibitory system, succeedl 'in gaining 'numerous con-. verts; cr, perhaps, this is due rather to the statis: ticnl data of the Ciutom-house revenues, which speak very convincingly. For instance, in 1850, "hen the old prohibitory tariff was still in. full force, the amount of imports .was 76,107,400r.s. of exports, 83,133,900r.s.; in 1853, after the introduction of certain modifications of the tariff, the imports amounted to 8S4740,500r.s., and the exports to 12S,232,o00r.s. these figures are, of course, convincing enough to anybody except those who maintain that Russia must coute qu6i cote be made a manufacturing nation without any, loss of time. The commnittee that was to assemble in Warsaw in the month of August for the revision of the tariff seems destined at present niot to meet in Warsaw, but, on the other hand, high officiala from the Finance and Customs Departments of the kingdom of Poland are likely t-o be despatched to St. Petersburg for the purpose of talking part in leng,thy deliberations on this subjectE. A private letter from Warsaw gives some interesting details of the' capt,ivity and liberation of Bakunin, wvho wass taken at the insurrection at Dresden intlS48, and delivered-over to the Russians. He was first of all condemned to labenr for life in one of the mines of the Ural mountains, but on the day when he was to set off thither counter-orders were received that he was to be confined in the citadel of Warsaw. After spending five monthsina'. casemate there, he was fetched away one night in i a kibitka and taken to St. Petersburg, whlxere he was put into a subterranean cell. Here he passed nine months without the light of day, chained hand and foot; at length he fell ill, and was removed to a strong room in the second story provided with a wvindow and a bed. Even after his recovery he was permitted to occupy this room ; his fetbers were suibsequently removed, and he was employed in writing out accounts for the military admninistration of the fortress, and so he remained until his recent liberation, accoQrded by the present Emperor at the suit of Bakunin's uncle, General lMouravieff. SkAJIN. Our accouintS from Madrid are of the 16th inst. A letter of that date says :- a r ' Yesterday the resistauce of the National Guard continned at several points, and particularly in the direction of the Royal Palace, the Plaza Mayor, and the Onesta of Santo Domingc. The Congres mmet, but we are ignorant of the resolutions it adopted. On the side opposite to the Palace, that is, at the Prado, and at the Paerta de Atocha, the military force, independently of the cavalry, did, not exceed 900 men. The cavalry force was considerable, but could be of little servica in street fighting. The Ministers are still at the Palace. Yesterday, at about 4 o'clock, the National Miltia all of a sudden began to disperse and abandoned its positions. At 5 o'clock smaU groups of National Guards were met in the streets returning to theirhories, and crying out that their chiefsof battaoion3 had disappoered, and that the officers had entreated the men to give up all idea of resistance. Between half-past 5 and 6 all the post3 ia the town, inclading the Post-office, had been. evacuated by the armed citizens. The Plaza Mayor was the only point occapied, and the firing in that direction wa! kept up aU night. The cause of the desertion of th National Guard i3 thus accounted for :-The minority of the Cortes had assembled, and after some discussion they determined on dissolving themselves and instructed their President, General Iafante, to conamunicate their decision to the President of the Council. After that implicit, but con clusive admission of te'1 legitimacy of the Government, resistance would have been iLegal, and the chiefs of the National Guard ordered them to disperse. It was, moreover, considered that a serious demonstration on the part of the Na- tional-GuardmightbefatsltotheThroneandassistthetnimph! of republican democracy. Had this reflection been made earlier it would have prevented the efflsion of blood. In the meantime, however, the populace of the suburbs, under the orders of the torreadorPucheta, traversed the streets, pre-a ceded by drcms and bands, and were here and there joinedc by National Guards, who, it is to be observed, had ex- changed iheir unform ,for plain clothei. Puchetab and hi I followers intrenched themselves on the Plza Mayor, in the street of Toledo, and in the qaarter of the Ambassadorsl Concepcion Geronsino and San Sebastian, throwing upbar. ricades and occupying a number of houses which commanded different passages. The troops did not think proper to ! attack those positions at night. They only opened fire this moriing at break of day, and from that | moment until 5 o'clock p.m. a' terrific fusillade andc cannonade were kept up to reduce the persons who, under the command of Pacheta, had iatreached themselves 1 in the houses. Finally, that chief having been killed, and the revolters having been resolutely attacked by the troops, the latter remained mssters of the oroud. Many prisoners werethken. Theyaremostlyoperatives. Manylhavrealso been killed, but their number is not yet knowa. The casualties en both sides are estimated at sbout 200. The citjl has. resumedits; usuil aspect. Traffic has been reestablished In some by-streets, however, alarm still pre,mils, and isolated soldiers have been fired upon from some houses. 2#he, victry of the Governenet ie complete. Its flrit acls are moderate and cQnciliatory. The Ministry intends to adopt "the v programme of the liberal Union. Espartero, in this instance, showed himself as irresolute as ever. He was- not prmsent yesterday, at the sitting of the Cortes ; having shat himsef up in his hotel,he renai.ied porfectly neutral.' The Qaeen displayed much courage during the collision. A new ayuntamiento has been appointed, under the presidency of the Marquis de Perales, former Governor of ladrid at the Revolution of July. The othermembers,beloni to all political parties, are likewise highly respectable." The Gazctte publishes a number of documents emanatiug from the members ot the new 0overa- . moent. One. of them is a circular of the Minister of' Finance, MI. Cantero,, stating that ilt is the wiu of: the Queen that the laws voted by the Constitf4ent Cortes should be. respected and executed, -vithouti excepting the desanmo7tizacis la*, '; the provisions of 'which aredso beneficial to the popular claases."' ,M. l'artinez, the .new Civil Governor of the; province, had likewlse addressed a proclalun'tiOni to the: inhabitants of Madrid, . appealing t DthOe patnotisoti nd iasdort of the mn-jeity ecf -the ,National.'Guard, and to the .good sense of all, an demanding then -support "to assist himi cm bating the enemies- o' public repose, who destroy the factories, renderMalllabourim pomsible, ma,d bum provisions, in,order'afterwardi to speculate on the, misery and despair. of the famished'people." ?L, .bIarthne adds,- . . :--s* -' , eTn6ptrove to sismdiliad Europe tha' thecepita' ,of: time-:;3pi, ,ifi, Mouarej- feE lrosltanced ei to coun4naac sictisoo- of Vandalism. ;izw amatloas eaot aUow,r autority ts ,, degda laws '-to .' ,frotdd.u under foot,- sod property Sd fhsnllï¿½ human's,ocities 9d reee'a ai:le pief,. ._. It2a net cetta* eIo,'iioa,, , . shAke the country to. its Ymx,foundations, 4ad to dissipate the slsrm s,Ereud aonog all caxes of soetyVy th -recent depj.otAble'isen4s n CasLilea Ajationiannotlongs b lit int ii xta olf lntutxoa aoid eonmwotibosi1ny'5more than thsre.hdrbisl:iSn ic%At5Ueci t live in a. ecuulevasnt feveriuha.te. i Awiotnme. .Me,:iartehUsiL;igeimauxieu incafiene ,TfWith ,the wco-periAion of the honest me, oE af pars3 i,t will be easy for me to orerciae, eren in thie present''cnticiclcrcumstinnoec theiaethoxiti coulidetohne by the 'Queen You need siAtl fear-tht I shal exercis ibmi tn-srNtrgSy niner f I a'bh-or, 1t ononction azd temper, ill systemns of oppresaion, but j need fer sither ihit I'sIiaUt&itwith'iulnable indulencet I iDCtig oj anarrvhy.~ :YA nthormtrshsU ot,.be debated In my hrads.; A. nobbe atoU;.esteeaming iticlf, aeie that its rulers sbqiild?be coilcou4bE their -dignityj their duti, indpoweyr r.est eiitd- dseve:Xr. ?eJremce awraits tuoss who di3. regard jtbe eonetltjsbona1 authority of the Queen or ae guilty ot-lisohedseoce to the liwa."
.AMRICA. | e foUisg aPPere in e seond editlon of yes i (rAo1C OVnQ w-, cootw8smrox2EN.) . : I.LLVtiR1?OOI Moi7DAYMoi-o uo. The Asia hms 4rilved, with 'advicen from New ork7to o ! 9th; . and specie' to the amount of 1,000,82S do1l;rs~ and 2201. in'English sIlver. In tho Senat&e,on the 9th, the Committee on Territoxies reported the house bill for the admision oiKansMs, 'srith -.an amendmont striking out. the preamble and'all after the enScting cause, an substItuIng' therefor the 'Slave State Kansas Bil, rec6ntlir paked by the' Senate. Aftei sone little oppositton, the amnendment was adopted. The House took up the bills providing Tor the improvement of, the mouth of the iMisisippi, of St. Mlary's River, and St. Clare lats, which passed the Senate o7i Tuesday ovr'the vet .of the President. At an early stage of te iopr7c~ngs the previous question wps moved, anld the Missssippi Bill passed by a Ivote of 143? to b6. The' other bills wsere afterwards passed by. Yotes eqVu1ly decisive. Colonel Frextont aCCepts the nomiination for the P'resideney in the foi1cving lettr "Gentlemen,-Yon call me to a high responsibility by placing me in the van of a great movement or the people of the United States, who, itihout regard to past differences. are nniting in a ccnmmon efiort to bring back the action of the Federal Goveyrnent to the,principles of Washingtont and Jefferson. Comprehending the magnitudeF of tha trast which they have declared themselves willing to place in my hands, and deeply sensible of the honour which their unreserved confidence in.this threatening positionof the puolic affairs implies, I feel that I cannot better respo nd than hy a sincere dleclaation that, in the event of my election to the Presidency, I should enter upon the execution of its duties with a single-hearted determnination to promote the good of the whole country, and to direct solely to this end all the power of the Government, irrespective of party issues and regardless of sectional strifes. The declaration of principles embodied in the resolutions of your Conivention exprelses the sentiments in which I have been educated, and: which, have been ripened into conviction bv persp.sal. observation asid experience. With this declaration and avowal I think it necesry to revert to only two of the subjecta embraced in these remolutions, and to tlose only because events have surrounded them with grve and critical circumstances, land given them especial. importance. I concur in the views of the Convention, deprecating the foreign policy to which it adverts. The assumption that we have the right to talce frona another nation. its domains because we waut them is an abandonment of the hon-st charactcr which our country has acquired; to provoke hostilities by unjust assumptions would be to sacrifice the peace and character of the country, when all its interests might be more certainly secured and its objects attained byjust:and healingcounsels, involving no loss o: reputation. International embarrss sDents are mainly the results of a secret diplomacy, which ains to keep from 'he knowledge of the people the opera. tions of the Government. This -system is inconsistent with the character of oiir institutions, and is itself yielding gradually to a more enlighteued public opinion and to the power of a free press, which, by its broad dissemination, of political intelligence, secures in advance to the side of justice the judgment of the ci-dlized world. An honest,. firm, and open policy in our foreign relations would conumand the united support of the nation, whose deliberate opinions. it would necessarily reflect. Nothing is cleaier in tbe bistory cf our institutions than the design 'of the jiation. in a5aerting~ its own indepen- - 'denoe and freedom, to avoid giving countenarce to the eotension of slavery. The influence of tho small but compact and powerfult class of men'interested in slavery, who conimand one section of the country, and wield a vast political-control as a consequence in the other, is now directed to tern back this impule of the revolution and reveize its principles.-- The extension of slavery across the continent is thle object of the power which now rules the Government, and froiis this spirit has sDrUng those lindied wrongs in Kansas so truly portrayed in one of your resolutions, which prove thaththe elements of the most arbitrary Governments have not been vanqaishedby the just theory cf cur own. It woulcd he ont of place here to pledge myselt to any paiticalar policy that has been suggested to terminate the sectional controversy engendered by poEtical animosities, oreratiug on a powerful class banded together by a common interest. A practical remedy is the admission of Kansa in,to the Union as a free State. The South should, in my judgruent, emrnestly desire such a consumrmation. It would indicate its good faith, it wouild correct the mistake of the repeal, and the North, having practically the benefit of the agreemenit between the two scations,would be satisfied, an'd gopd feeling be restored. The measure is perfect ly consistent with the honour of the South and vital to its interests. That fatal sct which gave birth to this purely sectional strife, origin-ating in the schemie to taLe from, free ,abour the country secured to it by a solemn covenant, cannot be ,oo soon disarmed of its pernicious force. The only genial region of the middle latitudes left to tlhe etnigrants of the Northern States for homes cannot be conquered from the free labourers, who have long considered it as set apart for them in our inheritanoe, without provoking a desperate strurggle. Whatever may be the persistence of the -particular class which seems ready to bazard everything for thle success of the injust scheme it has partially effected,I firmly beheve that the great part of thenationwhich throbs.withpatriotismof the free men ofboth sections will have powir to overcome it. They willlook to the rights secured to them by the constitution of the Union as their best safegusni from the oppression of the class which, by a monopoly of the s?il; and of slave labour to tinl it> might in time. reduce them to the extremity of labour- iDg upon'tle sarae terms as the slavbs. The great body of uion-slavebolding freeren, including thoseof the South, upon 'whoseqwelfare 'slavery is an oppression, will discover that the power of the General GovernDment overthe public lands may be beneficially exerted to advance their interests and secure their independence. Knowving this, their saffrages will not. be wan ing to maintain that authority in the UJnion which is absolutely essential to the maintenance of their own liberties, aid lwlicblas more than once indicated the purpose of disposing of the public lands in such a way as wouild make. every settler upon them r. freeholder. If the people trust to thseadministralfon of the Government, the lawvs of Congress in.relation, to the territories will be faithfully ececuted; all its authority will be exerted in aid of the nittioual. will bI is-e-i1WAish the peace of the co;untry or: the' juit, princi'ples -(;hich hIare heretofore iecsived -the sanction of the' Federal - Governments' of' ths -States, and of -the- people of both sections.. Such a policr would;leiaie no- element to 3ha,t se4iMonal -prty ! lseksiRs'izrinZiUenment byappropriatingthewnow f tertorsest,tiCcspl.tiun the form .of'slavery,, but, would Inev6t.-bly re19lt -in the triumph of free labouri,'the iiatural capital --whici consitutesf the 'real :alth of; this great tconimtry aidc criites, tlt, inteIligexit power in theJasss ,alone to bq -rested on is the bulwarl; o free institutions. 'Vrustin' tlst Ilaibvehelrt-cagable'of coinpreheoding our -hole'country, vwithiti vared inHterest's, and confident that. ;pfriotism exists,i aU parts. of, the Union, Isacept the nomination of your Convention- inIbe hope that'Imay be enabled to seive i us6fulll its c,anse, which I consider the cause of coustitutionalfreedo6n. .' . "Yery respeefully your obedient servait, - ',.NeW r L' '' ' ' "TJ. C. FREMONT. -"-lNew Yorle? Tuly 5, 185(k" ' - hIr. -Brookes, of South Carolina, has been sen-' -tenced to:Vaya fine: of 300 dollars for the assault The. sales of .CttorL on the Sthwere conine to' aboui50'h%aleis' b_i tranLiwlieat hwere firmii. ' Ex-P esient aE, t'a,en'his -ritten rigletteri e iin suppA-of MNfL Buchanan'; W hich g twiss sippoaed ACPM :. -; ;H r Q - ' Th:Rh lew Yorlkupapats exprees great satiafactoi~ at; tlue settlemnentof -te enlistent question -. . T.he King7ston. (CansAa) Wluq states that the feutl -'existiuigteftween'ihe twio' bodies of Qr,eno'men -ii C alna-a'fe.'ud tfat" &'.as' long-bee;n a reproach :to :th'e Pxi,teitant rfaith; exist iace loneger.- The two 3Gdge lLonet.xatece1t]y under itheir respectveX 'Gtati&'MoIsters, and,cane -to -mamicable arrange-, ment..1 - *A-Jarge we3tsng wan held at the 7iferchanWs1 ,cIai8Pew .a4ellsb, .qF re9iiprosate3 thiepacdifi fee'- ismItiuifented tow,irxz the United State's m 3Eig - ah giddE ;v 'ï¿½,u- l i_xT>tis.tï¿½ 'i- .... r"~ The yellow fdver is r.ging'in'Ctibda sad-is fatal-tb
rI NIE D )) ST2:9. -7-7 -'"F- 4"mak inrrW-synci nmrw?- -?Iv - : , , - .. , - - - . :;.:EsW.YOiKQ$n. J;o9: poloneLF4emont's letter, a. g the.Bepub 1unoculnotioxn, is ?ubliShd mornin'g. of .hereolut aondsnto oake the Oftrm -heasys:, c - - "I&nicutrin -the wewiofc i th V eweeepFdspeeeM ffcfireignpoliej to wich it derts. h -amurptia We liavthe rght to tke fromaohrnatiei ;itoauin beesuse wewit then 2552 ab doninutdf thehone ebaracter 'which our ountry 1h&s aeqz.r Tlo rok Lostilities bJ unjar' p woulbe te. s pefte ana e%,c:racte of :he country, when ,afl its inteds zightie inore aertainly MOrd And s oia d ly ust andhealing coul, ving no ,o t.eu iternationa embcasements ar WV theresulti of a aeeT -diplomacy 'hiih 1nls to kBep fom-*bthe -noure-d-of the people thbe operatioas>o(- the- 70e"M meat. This sytem is, inconsistent mth itie charater of oulr inst:tutions, and is itelf yielding r idto a nore nlghtened public opiniof adBto thepower of * or pe- icb, by it broid inatioe of poftcal tlin, secuein adprnEceu tle side ofjusici effiejd t ef Ute civilizStad t d at-hones fien, and o l.yin-o foeigaPVionswrouldcomamaad te united bctpportoef the natioss,' whose de,libeae opinions it would nouurl The action of the Bitis h soverynent -in con eluding to~ acquiesce inthe dismissal- of Mr. Crmp-ton hasa producecl . benoficini feffect,sn the Thilted States. What has beesi- done hae greaty raised Eig'cnd in the estimation of the Amearcaus. I subjoin extracts fr*om taro of the Newr York paecrs. whfich excpress the nniveraal feeling here, a;nd,-l have reason -to think, aJBo 1ehe feeling of the GovoiIGmeat IThe 2VeVJ York Herald of the ~th says- " In this point of niew tbe Crampton case may certainly be regrded as one o:F the mat inporant rnt exents in our history ad inthist of ehe weorld. Great Brihin has, i9the language of the Uites,d 'Subtitted -o the ratves rIont that one nation car. offer to anoiher' anJd that, not prm of tenerl convic tion tift the affrunt los ouerited,-for teo decision wus srriveo pt before the grounds o the step were foUly knownpet at from s generalwversiot tb o engh ge in ar, andphoteasarsith thefnitedshtatre. Of courevit isnot pretended bywany one at England pas ivefu ay fro awny fear of a ear, or any suspicion of military inferiority. The iAmense dispropertion eristifro enween the forces of Gre d Britain and those of-the United Statest-the unqutestioned power of the former to inflict dreadfiL lonses on the latter before any subhtintw-l prepartion for war coul be nade here-the prestigeof asuccessfuld wr jost brought to aclose, and the possssion of the finest nsay snnent everseen a fine wvell-disciplineda rmy and powverful allies, while this countryhas O to spea, neither experience, nor arny, nor |navy,nor2 llies-all these sow at a glancet neither did bAlyerca press her pint irom any vish oe bully, nor did iWEngland yield from say feelig but one that refects not bthe slightet' shadow-on her honour or her courage. Yet Istere;is no doubt she (lid yield, aithout examination, without struggle; chopped sddenly ron from an attitude of tnrked hostility and asperity to one of conciliadton aW econcession." And the TBn7stre of the 8th says ,t "din this country nobody seemed to care a fig about it When the news came the other day that 850 guns wrere proba3blyo0n their voyaze hzither stocks showred ntO sign of being nffected, and people s eated in-the sun *nd ate their strasberries and ices as if the Britis navy and army had DO exsste-nce. Th reality oE rwr,in a word, was not believed in. What -ayarmed the cotton and iron hosts of Engatnd htd no effectbhere. We did not anticipate a contert. We-new the Brftish o nietre p better. ba e knew that, .althongh the dismiswal of Mnr. Crampton under the circmst ances-was not nhece-ary, and was caloulated to wouadthe susceptibilties of agreatiadprouduatio6n, therewvould beno war, forthereasone that the dayfornsavingit through points of etiquette isone by, and that the destoifles of empiresarenotlongertobemdtr inthe feet of the red-tapi3ts, bat that labour-saving tiachineu at worf on land anepon sea has soaprodig ouslr augmented she -wealth and intercourseiof England and theUa tedrSttes that the nations have e one beyond diplomacy of the old pattern. ndeed, so far 'hat the private or extr-dirlomoatic -ntercourse of thu twio nations se dominated in the disunssion of this Crantpton di'dicolty, overridig the fact of his dismissal outrwigt, and beinig superior to ay trouble had even ttr. Dallas been:sent home, that it should seriously set - this peopile-to think that the chances of good intercourse c>ould be multiplied by dispensing with the useless3 institishoan of resident Xinisters."' It is supposed in WVashington, and will probably appear in some future corTespondence, that -this Government were led into error as to the purposes of the British Government, by the suDpression of despatches. You know that Lord Clarendon's offer of arbitration on the Central American question was not commanicated for months after it was received by the Minister. Had it been with the Cabinet before the message was sent in to Congress, the tone of that instrument would have been modified. It is thought in Washington that there was a sinfilar reteition of the despatch. of Lord Clarendon of the 22d of June, 1855, in which the Minister was required to -desist from all furthei proceedings in enlisting for the Foreign Legion. The despatch reached Washington on the 8th of July, but was not communicated to AIr. Marcy until the 5th of August, when Mir. -MNarcy communicated to--Mr. Cranpton loerd Clarendon's letter to Mr. Buchanan's of the 16th of July, in wvhich the fact is stated that Mr. Crasupton had been on the 22d of June required to desist. The Cabinet at Washing>ton say that up to-the 5th of August the recruiting vas going on with the knowledge of the Minister, mnd olaim, justification of their owin course, that during this most -critical period they wein ignorance of the views of the British Government, and supposed Mr. Crampton's acts to be aiithorized. The prospect of an arbitration of the Cbentral American question is favourably received. The tenacity with which the doctrines of public law involved in these questions must be clang to by any Government in this country does not seem to be appreciated in Englani.- To agree that any body of Indians, large or small, can be separated from the civilized State w ithin whose borders they are, and treated as an independent Power, would be the admission of.a daugerotis principle in a country where hundreds of thousands of squiare miles arc tenanted by the aborigimes. As the Presidential electioni approaches it may be interesting to your readers to knowhow the electoral college is constituted, in order to be able to form some estimate of the probable result. The Presidential candidates are not voted upon directly by the people. Each State chooses as many electors as it has members in both houses of Congress, and this body, when chosen, constitute the electoral college; by vhon, the President and Vica-President are chosen. In theory this body is supposed to deliberate, and select from the statesmen of the country, but practically the several parties select their candidate and nominate electors with a view to their support in the college. Thus, instead of any deliberation, the votes of the electons of each State are given in a body for one or the other candidates. The electors of each State meet in the capital of the State on a given day, cast their votes, and transmit the reulht to the Speaker of the House of Representatives at Washington. They are there opened in presence of both llouses, and the general result declared. The electoral college consists of 296 votes, distibuted as followvs: To secure an election by the peopleitisnecessary to obtain19 votes out of the 2926. Setting Mr. Fillimone aside for, tlhe moment, and supposing Mr. Pu]3hanan to carryall the Slave States, and ir. Fremont all the Free States, it is plain that the ]att6r,gentleman would be elected by o6 majort. Bat I consider that, to say the least, -the result in theSt,ates of California3 Peanylvania, New 3ersey,' Thdiina,. Delaware, 'Taiyland, and KenttickhisAoubtfu]. Giving the other Sdove States to Mir. Bnehaiananjd the other Free States to-lr, RT&.non, wb;idi is the most farourable etimate -whilli the riends of-the latter gentleman cam claim that leaves-Mr. Btwhanan's chances i'the doubtfft States; better thani Mr. Fremont's as -thiis i n"oiv 'stanid js ifies, the views of. the t-wljjcbl havp expressed.. M- . Flhlibore; however, has hop of cairyirugsome of these doubtful Statesan id> friends also lay claimn to some Af the States which I'' have ,given in the rabove -estimate to Mr. .emont. -. _n such an , event there would be, ,7o 5 eiectioa by -he college, nd ' the choie YVodilvve olv-' upon theHouse of :Represfflltievts -in' a63yt the vote is'-t'sen b,y Stat'esb; eac te '<tslin- vofie s '- There is nnot ' mjority of O tU iorsIr candidate man i&-is su~pose&th; i,,.,oe ;even tof- there being, no, c,hoice by tha- peple, th .dends of Mfr. Filmoreand of Jr. Buchaun, osoe .vs ieii 4ntllpol JGhveryques are siibstanti - the 'ia',' woud W' able''toiniaeabae'-som,iie mro -5 . Yiir~ e h' l 's sX itej-I lttet aoto IMr. 3Bnohan, 3n) Mr. IGeorge ^refvr 4 Mr. remonlit. j ; Mwr. Broks WaA fnod -k.Sumnzer bim*61 is iaa tu-ai& v ,lils ï¿½deneds are *erioua Iare4L ..A: freini&: 3wie me.--1'Xe hui iltered frightfu we -I- lit- l}~~~~~~~ m. - 5I..E... ,, ;h~ &uste have ameudod the ieu.. w bil' for } admission 'oE nRai>: ztri,k,d g*Oeis *U1Vb:.'t ei:elngs elauis . udi;' ,erLing their; ?n :butl i'2T-
t _, .. : :,: . .. , 3OD.da aveningi n -nguh}J. rtnes experieiiced a slighlt reaction i~day, btlitW oniyteaponaiy, and on the wrhole 4hey haveb-c.-e wiwl maintained Consols opened i&the- losing .wiuo'tation of ufevening,-nameiy, .- ï¿½ , So which - they returned after a short 4F fbae .t 4: ..-F:, tliee 7tth ef .'.ugisst the ,last }?ic rwb5'W t .w:hich ?there-iwere,sellers. Thae aniount od~uineeduring the day was ulimpotant, and the Spply of mop~y einl t,he- St6clek&change contined per cent. Coinsi Scrip clcsed4toL ta,9h; Z;aeven tualel ppt e 6il -(ih Ativ W-aa *mttiesa UI-; j-dai- Stock, 233i to 236-; istdia ,Bopdai 2s e to f4s premium; wxc:quer-btde, luDjto ; ma -5 mei-wilei-i is ea ia - *;;;dequ~.bifls! 2be. te -evea, i- -;i-the foredi rketthereom increto ed aciivity. -A bo ihc- tphavement tccured in beneyuela, but w;was not e#entully supporte. The Active Swas 'niei.otiated ï¿½f;3O, -8'4k, 33k, and 34k, for the ac,c,o,unt; In tUe' Deferre .the transaction avere atJ ja1. i- nd lj MIeanwhile it: s ren;Lrkedthat *-. ,anyfves advi&e'orprop0el have beenl received, it' i6' discredst3,ble&tb the lo3nniitteo of Spanish-Amei-- can bondhzolders that there shLoluld be say dela, 3:nj blishmgthem. Spai was firm, and the ewk ; ?be-.ed dvzed,after regular. hours, to 24 to i,' ,wsng to higher quotations fromr Amsterdam. They~ Weve previOUsly dealtn suat230a'ddfor the account. Spnish- Three per Cents, were purchased at 44b ' 3argains in - Yew Granada took place at 191- and :, -ad in thes Deferred at 74 and i. The other .linsiness comr. ised :-Buenos Ayres, 86; Chilian Si: per dCents., 105j; -cuador New Consolidate 14; ProiisioriI Land Warrant, 4; MCX-can. accounti 23 and2 Portuguesae Four per Oents f.tor accounn ;. Si perCents.,forinoner*-i04i, and fortheaccount, 104k, *, and 104,; the *Four per Cents. Guaranteed, for account, 306' Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 97ji; and Per 7va3n Dollar BSonds. 6li. The corn-market was dull this morning, and sales could not have been pressed except at a decline. The quotations from the Paris Bourse this evening failed to arrive. The private letters describe a good supply of money in the discount-market, but state that there stil seems to be a general disinclination to purchase IRentes. The dulness on the Bourse had been increased by the recent events in Spain and the dread of an intervention The anxiety regarding the weather and the high prices of grain likewise add to the feeling of dizhsust. The gold brought by the Asia to-dav from New York is 200,0001. The greater portion, if not the -whole, is expected to be sent to Paria. As theseS remittances are not consequent upon an adverse exchange, but' are made at a loss, their effect will simply be to lessen the sums that would otherwise1. have to be transmitted at a future date. Occurringi avt the present moment, they mnay be considered ser-- viceable, since they will occasion a temporary pause in the newly awakened spirit df speculation. A statement prevailed to-day that the Bak ofd France have made arrangeuirents "vith London firms, for a supply of gold from this ma-ket to theextent of ï¿½000,0001. Someaofthe houses havingLusuallytlie. best means of information express disbelief of its| correctness. The banking advices from Paris mention that the impressaion there is that the drain of bullion has ceased naturaly. It is known, however, that piurchases are still being continued, which, at the present rate of exchange, must involve a loss of at least three-quarters per cent. The relianice of the French Goyernment on the absence of financial knowledge among the people appears extraordinary. If a snimiar operation were to be undertaken in this country it would be much more likely to create than to avert a panic. The trade reports of the past week indicate the continuance of steady employment in most parts of the k;ingdom, confidence being stimulated by the prospects of the harvest, which are still considered generaly favourable. At Manchester, however, another of those series of failures has occurred which periodically illustrate the recklessness vith which credit is granted in this country. Messrs. Wright and Co. are stated to have stopped with liabilities for 90,0001., and assets estimated to yield about eight penca in the pbund; and to have been followed by MIessrs. Lowe and Lawe, with debts amounting to 99,00O. and assets to 4,0001. As a consequence of these, six other suspenions are announced, including that of Messrs. Baxter and Co. for 50,0001. The general business of the week has been of moderate extent, at firm prices. From Birmingham the accounts describe great heaviness in the iron-market, orders being scare and many firms being ready to sell at a reduction. The contract for the ironwork for rebuilding Covent-garden Theatre has been obtained by 2essrs. Fox and Eenderson. At Nottingham there has been good employrment, especially in the lace manufactories. 'The woollen districts are :without alteration, and the Irish linen-markets are still well maintained. The bonds and stock of the Michigan and rsorthern Indiana Railway have been recently introduced on the London Stock-Exchange. The line is an important one, completing the connexion of New York and the other Atlantic States with Chicago at the head of Lake Michiigan, whence, by the Illinois Central and other lines, it communicates -with the Miissssippi and the extreme South. It has been open three years with steadily increasing receipts, and has paid regular dividends of 10 per cent. Investors, however, must bear in mind that Michigan is one of the repudiating States of the American Union, and that, although the company have been principally constituted at News York, and are not individually answrerable for this dishonour, every undertaking must to a ce-ltain extent depeind for its safety as well as for the tone of its administration on the laws and habits of the community among whom it is located. The Joshua has arrived from Sydney, but brings only about 5,0001. of gold. According to the detailed accounts justreceived from Mfelbourne, it appears thatfthe precise receipts of gold per escort from the mines during the first three months of the present year were at the rate Of 12,000,00. per annum, while for the corresponding quarter of 1855 they were at the rateof only 6,550,0001. Under these circumstances, it is pointed out that, although the imports this year have exceeded those of the last, they are much inore moderate when compared with the e-xport of gold, and the consequent increase in the purchasing power of the population. The roads to the mines are described as exhibiting such evidences of active trade as. have not been witnessed for three years past. A proportionate movement bad taken place in the labour-market, and all doieestic servants were pressing their employers for higher wages, although the increase already amounted to from 30 to o0 per cent. It was, therefore, feared that, unless an extensive resuraption, of immigration should take place, agricult;ural opera tions and also the progress of puUblc wor;;s would have to be curtailed. The arrivals at present averaged about 320 per week, but the colony could safely absorb 1,000, and the disproportionof males to femaIes was again becomi a sious ev'd. At a general meeting of the Union Bank of Australia. held to-day, Mr, R. Brooks presiiing, the dividend declared was at the rate of 101, -per cent. for the half-year, maldng with the previous payment a total distribution of 24 per cent. per annum, free of income-tax, and the report and accounts were unanimously adopted. It was stated that the reduction of the dividend had been occasioned bv a diminution of profits, owing, to the adverse pesition. of the exchanges. The payment of the income-tax. has aso intrenched upon -he available balance. In answer to questions, it was mentioned that; 50,0001. with a small-addffional sum has been placed agaiist an estimate received of bad debts, resulting from estates which have not turned out so well az had been expected. A discrepancy having occmired-n the statements made by the managers and thli iiispector on this subject, the directors have ado'lopted that, furnished by the latter,- as it! intolves thb:lar'eatamount. - ,Sa bjoiued is an abstract of thedeport -n,e iccounts for the year now to bexrepo*e1 en, ending in the colonies.on the .31st of ~DIecei6nbro5,,r and in London on:. he 3OthoEf Ju1e Jlast, exhibit a, e mni8hed' amouit of pTcfitss compauedwith the pre,no,s,,.a This hwaxsisea chlyfroman adverse,state of exclAngerthe genezalbusiness Of the banlkbeing of .sattisfa6ry-ch& ractr.. The dedution_ of ï¿½16096.,,rcgqired tbe, inome-tax. for the- years psId by; the bank for -ne pro.' prietors, hI= also pressed beavily, onthp amoi' of nokprft' nowrdeelal& 'TIe sum.reqired Jfor this pucrps e rfithe -presicn year'us. nco,ne-t=!. was -oly.T. is. gafyig.to.the directrs to able. prete,rfonj denc in the pe'sent prosperous state ot tl3smrtlian colonies aid .of N.ewrZeslassi. .:Thlaconfietariee4 ne o33efro-inchncreaosgoductiona ,fg xld t 'c saew sexas coniitnuing.to, ls mt escdi lating wealth of the comameriul cornm unity.ad.otold -roprintorsinsegefeaL The direCtorstheeforefsaljmstifle'di :b tbatsnghU heMvsanc i ngop6ritia f these rdncolonies iwill secure to thiebanld- sstahXishiren.ts,. if' iiudently ' of ca . al - tecdircors have abstained from opening now brancches during the past year; they hUve, o'wever, caused inquiry to bh made as to *estaidW ities into which it may Ibe deemed expE cidnt to sext.end thne banks operations The i.directors pr ed *6: iubmit the: statement of accounts, wh ic_ p,etAnatu6unt of net profit for the year of 194,1712.r-lesleng- sfter payment of divideinds to Christmas Isst incl=usive7,.91671, as theenmount of uidivided profits, ThiwlidmtabEï¿½6,100I. being'syppropriaitad. for-`the purpose ,of difideiid,w4hich thi direbtors-have determiined tW apply as mterest-en.theducapitS aidthe saw withe foiefunrslia-dideiand.by way of iateret4st therate2 of 10 perceint 4for thlsailf-year), being.withithe previous dlin. dens4 eq,uaito ,pes cenit. for tlie: year orlftheamnout. paid. nip my es of each shie in th, capital -of the com-; p .payabloi (iu ndon.- free' o,:oincome4tas, on Toieaday, thie othi.of August; and 'in the conies, witE theadaitioiL of incomie-'taxi as soon as thA inspector shrl fix aftr the receipt of advicesY .-", o -T.A" UNIzoN BANX OF AUSTRALEAI Statenentof-Liabbities andAstg af the blran6ea, on the,r 3at of. IDecember, 150,a nd se the LondeOn ofdice, on the 3Gth of June, 1S56. * LTIATFRA X & d.~ Circulaution .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 40.T53 0 0 Depcidts . 2_58,18 410 BUIlN Payable and otber liabilities *j 1,12583 12 T Balanceof uudivideddpo fiis .. -9 ., 81,767 6 7+ lleserve oud (invested as per contra) ï¿½00,000C 0- s-; Paid-up captal ..0,00. 0 0 __ 3.00,00 0 0 AS31ris wEl,16g85603 6 Asarns Specie on band and css balances ._. 1,161,316 2 -1Bullion . 83,1i7 5 6 B i e p . .- 1,2 4 ,5 23 7 7 Dank pcemizes ar-Arro pcrry. 48,082 2 8 Billureceivable, Government StEock and other sc-- rities .. .. . . 3,67',978 S 6 lnvestsnent of reserve fund, New Three per Cents. 200.000 0 0 Es-ErVE FUS-D. S1064,56l 3 6 As reported at Jume, 185 . . ï¿½100,000 0 0 Srsrxac,- oVx PIeors ï¿½ sd. Balance of undivided profitsat June, 55.. . 131,295 19 0 Out o: which a dividend wasdeclared, bywayof 3:te- rest, amounting to .323,430 0 0 leaving rbalance of ..,25 ,9 5 To which are now to be added the profits of the past ,eas, ending at the liancbse on the 3l1t December. 1855, and at the london office, 'Cth June, 1t'6-- viz - s. d. Forbalf-year,ajreportedinJAnuary,18I6 119,9S8 16 9 Ditto, nowresurted .9.27812 1 Deduct:- 212,267 8 13 Income-tax paid for year, on the average orthelastthreeyeaxsc .. .. .. 17,te6 1 8 --- 194.171 7 2 Amoint of intenest paid to proprietors at Christa,%E202'467 6 7 .855 110,700 0 0 'Balancoofiudividedp-ofitatthisdate. ï¿½91,767 o 7 *'A meeting of the London and Eastern Balking Company took place to-day, the Hon. J. C. Evikine presicting,vthen a dividend at the rate of 6 percent. ~per annum was declared, and the report was agreedto. The progress of opera;ions in this country and India is stated to be satisfactory, and the opening of W ranches in Mark-lane and z>ahl-mall wasz officially L announced. Annesed is an abstract of the report: .' The directors, in meeting the shareholders for the purpose of laying before them the accounts for a complete twelvemoath, have satisfaction in drawing their attentian to t?ae tesu1t of the bank's ope2ations for 18fi. The audited acconrts sh6w t?ait tbh net profits, after paysment of all expenses, and wxiting off bad debts, amount to 25,378., exceeding 10 per cent. upor the paid-up capitaLL The shareholders have already received for the past yeyT two halfyearly dividends at the rate of 6i per cent. per an,unm, and on this occasion tbe directors do not recomeond any further dis-tribution of that year's profits, but purpose resetring the balanc-viz., 10,3781.-to be carried to the credit of the rest or surplus fund.the accounts now pr.esented exhibit the operations only for the year ending the 31st of Decem-. ber last, it being impracticable to close and exhibit them to a later period, inconsequence of the-necessity for awaiting the receipt of the audited accounts of the Calcutta and Bombay bracllces before the general balance-sheet can be struck, and the actual profits of the bank sertained ; but, fzom the large profits made at the head-office and bome. brauches during the past half-year; the directors have anple. funds out of whichl to declare tbh usual dividend at the rate. of 6 per cent., per annum to tha 30th of June last. The directors desire to call the attention of the shareholders to the great and steady increase of the bank's operations, as shown by the statements published in the London Gazette-viz., that whereas the total amounem of the assets and liabilities of the bank amounted, on the 30th of June, 1S55, to the sum of 42S,%Z., they lad increaaed - by the 30th of June, 1856, to 1,166,7211. The directors feel confident that the practice they have introduced of offering to the public a higher rate of interest than thatgranted other nodon banks forsurns deposited forlong fixed perils is founded on eound principles, and I cannot fail to p rove of much advantage, since they are Ienabled to empioy the funds thus obtained through the IndiaLn branches of the bank safely, and at highlyremunerative rates. The bank has already received oonsiderable sums in deposit for periods fixecl at from three to five years certain, at 4A to 5 per cent. inteset, For rums deposited for sbort periods or at cal the bank, having only the same field for employment of such funds as the other banks, do not, of course, allow higher rates ofinterestthan the current London rates. Tho Indian brrnches, moreover, afford a- ready outlet for the profitable employment of such portion of the bank's capital zs canncot be advantageously used during periods of great abundance of moneyin this countr-. Thesuccess which has attended the establishment of the H de Pork branch has induced the' diectors.to -pen two other branches in London-viz., one at 44, Mark-lane, and the other at 20. Pall-mall, from which they anticipate advantage." At a meeting of the English and Australian Copper Company this afternoon, Sir W. Foster in the chair, the report, -which was considered less unfavourable, was brought forward. The copper smelted at the works from iMarch, 1855, to February, 1856, has baen 1,395 tons, and the quantity of ore consumed during the same period has been 4,792 tons. The quantity delivered to the wtorks by the South Australian Company from lFebruary, 1855, to February, 1856, has been 8,853 tonis; the copper shipped from Adelaide for LDndon has been 350 tons, and the quantity of copper o:re shipped to England 3,924ï¿½tons. An adjoulrnment was agreed to for the purpose of alliowing t-he directors to receive full financial accounts from. the colon,y and six sharaholders are to he called: m to consult with the board respectng general arrangements and the renewal of the Burra Burra con ract. The remittances of ore and oopper coming forwfard will, it is thoug,ht, leave a surplus, Ithe disposition of which can be determined at the adjourned meeting. The sale of the Spitty Works and the enmbarrassments which have interrupted the success of operations constituted a promnent topic of discussion. The departures from the port of London for the Australian colonies during the week have comprised three vesselone to Sydney, one to Adelaide, and one ' Port Phillip, with an aggregate capacity of 3,104tons. The rtes of freight are maintained with steadiness. Inthe general business of the portof Lox4don during the past week there has been considerable activity, the arrivals from foreign parts being rather large. The total number of vessels .eported in*ard was 290, being 102 more than in the previous week. Thc total number cleared outwa'rd warsi lS0, including 19 in basllast, showfing an increase of seven 'over the previous week.' The following is from the.- Committee of Spa nish American Bondholders in relation to the de tfof New Granada C4 The committee have received from Messs Baring,( Brothers, and Co., the followig communication: -- I Bishopegate-sireet, July1O. "M SIessrs. Barinig, Brothers, and Co. preSent their coi'plimenltsto Mr. Godfrey, and bag -to band bins, the enclosed extract from a letter which they- reieived s-m the Governmoist of New Granadla by yes;terd,ay's mail, and whiclh, they will thank Mr. Godfrey to lay before the Coimmittte of Spanish American bondholders it their neal; meeting.I "'Alfred Godfrey, Bsq., SPecretar to the Committee of Spanish Amlericain Bondholders.'-" t "Tranlation of the extract inentionsd in the aLbove letter:- "'Bogota, Maypo0. "In order to effect this payment, you can assure the holders of our bonds that the Govermment makes coistant efforte to establish well the credit of the Republfc, .and[ that, thaiks to the peace whiCh reigns therein, and w1hic, 'according to all probability, -will riot again be disturbed, in anyerious anner,not nuch time will elapse beroze the remaining dividends in arr-e-a-rw-ill be potd- fo-, ae el as those which sucrcessively are becoming due,.- "The Secretary of State for the Finance Depart:paent, "' NlUNXx' - Arpsmtto o.iteujco th rerso n tees ha ben r sene t h Gvrmeto Nw
I VOURT OF' . CHAkC Y r ' . I , . . , S Rm-s w LY .. . - ; - ;- - - B(Bfore iJc 13OEs JUmsicEs of-A4i'intj - ow cuntil i. e6ick, sl6ugh :atet a; bg Lora Justice .i!iAt 33line.' r that uQoD -reood there cwre no. rsncent2nate rdiac,,. Th ort questioe was one of a. ierefeachncla re4prs. ti.e IRId pleadhf -The only- VStOaI atIII thesa WU t4at the , ord usioe XKiight.Bruc. no.eiu n. ali t.rx sitting in t e place aypropatod for thed , ceinaj mm we preKent. mis w for couelwi -somarmth vifdiced he fatenti-o his professona lients baer'g atm te erepent5 aud, asnata, sittingin the:ar Set4 ,Fhi.sheats gre'-erttnsve1y stlewed with'theirpapesin'tfiappiL Zsik newly-aeserted priri s eu srti iy -olicitor onthe other.side. Mr. Iaoyd; Mr. FoUett Xr. W. W. Coocer,r. WoIOd-. ,O6 andn r, Graham Hastn appered fr theeial . eir L.ounsIPs reversed the decreeof the olle , and gpwrvedthat the profession of the' la wcad bjLa- tho greater part of the state. . Tci5abl o wAsanappeWl from a decree of ihe X dicE the Rols The facts were that by a marriage se tlemnent 1,OOOL was given, in defautof childrewwho should attain .21, on=marage, and. on the death of the wife in-herihs. hand's lifetime, " to such persons as woudld have been int1tled to the personal estate of the wvfe in ca se ihe hid dicemnnnrriedand iitiotate." The wifedied,leai'isihetlxuiibabnAl and. one daughter, who died.under 21, without bevin, gbeef married, ajtdntbe Mater of tlhe'Rollb held thkttb6 dAugbrlast mentioned toolc as next of Idnof the wife.'The brothersand sisters of the deceased-wife appealed. *-- Hz. Cairns anIMr. Archibild minth were-fortbe tppllants;Mr. Llyd ,an fr. Hiansn forB F the plintiff *.1 Twheir l:onsinrs s aned the decsion of the ster of the .Ro21s, being of opsinion that it wï¿½S EO mu iftestly it that tbse ppeal must Se disisd 'wit cos6ts.
I VICEMCHAhXCTDELRi.R fTtRlI -T-r 91 I. - DAYIS V. TOLLMiLACHX I {&cforc .zeCY cwUor sfr.L STITA TA - ~I :s was a bt1 praying t]Y..t the defendant, W. L. F. Tol. Ilemeeb, comn m y called Lord Hlentingtower; wight hi decreed, pn2-suant to hia oovenant, for fartber asinraqoi, ctfanedi in -n indeture ylated the .bo t o* Noved ber, 1841, to execute and deliver to the plaitiff a proper diFen. tailng assuran2ce of cdl the liereditamuents situate in thce countv of Sarrey to vwhich Bord Suntingtowver was at the: date of such indenture entitled elther.at law or in eqnityfor an estat.e in tailimale. By'the a^bovel-mentioned indenture ofthel8th of November, 1841, Lord Euntingtdwer conveyed by wal of mortgage all the lands cn2prised in the ' 1esidury deviie contained in the Will of 6ir William Tollemache, and all and sinenlar other the lands whatsoever and wheresoever, of or to which he was seised or entitled, in poes;eglon, reversion, remiinder, expectancy, or otherwise howsoever, to the plaintiff, liis heirs and assigns, during the natural,life otLordl1untingtower,subject nevertheless, as regardedschi of the same lands as were liable thereto. to the estatesgaid charges createdltherein by the will of Sir illainr Tolleua&de prrto the estte theriby given to Lord Fluntingtower. The deed contained the usual covenant for furtherawance. It had not, however been enrolled4under the Pines a Becoveries Act, and the object of the sait WAs o obtain the execution by Lord Huntingtower, nuder his *covenant for farther assurance, of a dis-entailing deed relasting to- the before-mentioned lands in the county of Surre, of which Lord Huntingtower was tenant in tall in remainder, on the ground that they were comnprised in the indeniaue of the .18th of November, L184. lMr. Bacon and Mr. Jessel appeared for the plaintiff M3r. Malims and Mr. Hawldns for Lord Huntiogtower's asinees in bankruptcy; and lr. Wigrmn and Mr. Tripp for Lord Huntingtower. The Vi -Cineaczijon, after stating that his present impression, by the expression of which he did not intencl that he siould bai ltimately bound, was entirely unfAvourable to the relief aought by the plaintiff said thAt he should reserve bis judgcnentitil #fter the long vacation,
INSOLVBANI DEBTOM COU2T, Jy 2L -w rx JAMES MVRrAY RICHAI'J ELvvS. (Befo i. cW i = .TPT I w mFloveliy, a ciergyman ot tne estAblL'hed cLhurch formerly incumbent of Bsrdsley. Lancashire, applied to be discharled. His debts exceeded 2,SRI., and he at1tributed his inao vency tofacility of credit at Oxford while he ws an. t& niVersity, in 1848, xndthe ixpensee of restoring the church of Vernon Dean, HIant, af Which parish he had been curaie. He was oDposed on behalf of a number of creditors reaident in and near Bardsley, wbo complained thA; he lad incurred debts at thnat place, in t'he short space of I8m?Utba, to:the extent of L4001., the ftipend derivable from his. i- cumbency being ~2201 per anmum, and his wife having ak sepaate 3ncome of-154k a-yea^r.=[sdn ehng The insolvent, uponAben questioned bytite Comisaonerz as to the debtsft,100L) inouredattOxford,spid hislfkther wass a clergyman, but died just as he (insolveiit).quitted the UniJ versity. His latlter paid some hilsand made him an alowance The debts now dee had not been comniunicated to his father. The tradesmen at LOxford were -verv easy as to credit, and in many cases solicited custom. When a bil' w s notpaid -the Oxford tradesmen frequently inisited upon freh oers beboing tiven, and the account extended. He hadneover mne1tioned the subject, of his debts to his tutor, nor did tihe College authorities interfere in the matter. dlrE Commissionier PnLLu5s regretted to hear that no control was exercised by the authorities to pre7ent yotng mnen under their charge from incurringdebts which harassied them in aftei life, and frequently materially injured their In anwe t questons from the opposing conmsel the insolvent said he had expected to raise a loamrif 2,O3L, which would have enabled hinm to pyhis c editor bu th?p negotiation failed. He enerdupon his 'd=e -at, :Bmadsley in Julv, 153, and quitted that place in Januar, 1884. The brImed counsel observed that there was no statemeat in the schedule of receipta between January, IL854 andt January, lS50, and asked 5here the insolvent had zesidedl during that interval!an isWe The insolventfs counsel interosed, stating that an atawer to that question wvould expose somDe very painful circumstancies, hich did not in any way affect the mefrts of the -TheRegistrar handed tothe learned Commissioner amnote, - nd the qustion was not pressed. Counsel then addressed the Court, and a remiancd was pryed under the discretionary clause. The learnedCosssoiSxn thought the opnosition had been most leniently conducted, for, had a judgment been sought under a more penal section, he doubted whe:iier ho uouldhave refused it. It was truly lImentable to see gen. i tleman of the insolvent's calling in such a position, and in all probnbility that position was in a great degree aIDg to the fatal facility of obtaining credlit which prevailed It t'he Universities. The insolvent had been arrested in Januatr last, and therefore the Court, in giving judgment, iwoclid conss(ler the imprisomlneunthï¿½e had alrevaldysnifred.mtl Tae in plerie oftohree caleendaxr mgonths'ftreormthledate of theetn onder- mjudgment w;hich wvould detain him absutnixweeks longer in custody. ~ ~ ti in (efo;e thc Canr1E CO,asroNy~ Df) In liE ANTONY BACON. This insolvent appeared for judgment. The comiplaints were that the insolvent, after three -vious visits to this cour-t anid the Court, of Bankrul-tcy. a contracted debts without reasnable expectations of payraent, and had also caused his creditors nnnecessary expense bypleading to theiractions. TheL ;fUrX' CoiaaSSIsoiErm pronoucda dniaIc, ofe dichareF inm femonth for the vesting order as to the crediters genierally, and eightc months 'from the sannie date afbthe suit6 of the creditors wrhoa ieng had beer.vxa tionsly deltuded. -. ~ ~ ~ ~ tt th
AIDDLE5]X SESSIONS. Mo.nday, Ady 2L The Court sat to-dav at the Guildhal, Westminster, acording to adjourmnnent, for the trial of the cases postponedlast week. Will.am (Before Mr. Oungsy.) Wiliam liutchins, a middle-aged man, was indicted for having stolen 7s, the money.cf VillinmCheesman. -The pisoner is one of a-gangof fellows 'who hang ibout the County Courts, pretending to give poor persons who attend as suitors professional advice and informnatiQn concerning the proceedings for the -purposeof getting out of thei Lwhat little money they may MoSS !e *ife of the prosecutor had occasion to go onthe 24th of JunD to the 2Urylebone County Coart, when one of'the fraternity got hold of her, and for half-&-crown agreed to speak to the judge resoecting her case. Suhsequentlyf'he priioner'tendered hisservices, buti hewas too late, sï¿½be had engaged the other, and when the case was over, they went to' a publichouse, where she changed half a-sovereigm for -the puToes of paying the half-crown. Shelaid 7a of theehange On th counter, and the prisoner *ery coolly put the- incey into his pocket and walked oL She followed-and gave6him into custodv. The prisoner in his defence zna 'scsandal6es ittack on ihe character of the wumasn for* hiich tlierewas not tbe least ground, apparntIUY,'d denid having ttaken tha money. He caled two wiitnesss one of *homntsinted th the woman placed the money n her iboeoni wichi* ,oa being-recdle~d, positively denied'' ' . ; The jury founda bun!' GuWy,' Dd 'it *s 'proved. th^t in i1854he '#as convicted hefdre theliteA isntJndge of de-fraudingapogrwoioan of 6L 4d., m - tfion to .Couty Co&it business, and'aenteneed to t-tt ionths, ana li ' man to whom;Mrs. Cheeananz gave the esown ?a' beez alsoconvicted. - . Mfr: CRLSY tsaidhedid notulioevaordofathe d4ee, and the prisoner had aPravTed his'ese'bcaln t- .eeestoipe.kfAlel. H-e soui relieve the 'ryoje CountyCourt from his infamous esence for the ne-lD jmnonths atleat, for whichtrm}tenatgo tote House of C rection S. __ __ _- __ __ __ dt e oftbx'*Ag zr it o.--t ao int:o d --b- A. IL UE-Ora, :, eimt brZ 1an.**tam &e 317 n .f,s a Youwihiotur bortsetlookel >-zati}fwectoeaothe Coee mt,V5ui'1 I b bll k jeWyb wsdh i =K= r~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~K 'fi sss,- - - - s... . .- - . r ":-':
: ' - -~~-SU2E SB7 i.&-: - 2NORRO)TX ^IROTTTT. CAMBITDG, Mo.N@DiY, JuLY 21. .. Ns PsaRus ConT. -,(Bfefre I osvZ - Okief Jhtstice CA:lESXLL.)i - GELE?5T V. ILLi, CYARK. -r. Palmer and Mr. TIMIn= wMls vere counsel for the -plaintiff; Mr.SerjeantBylesand Mr. Couch appeared for thedefendan'. Thiswas an'actio againsti tho detendant, who is a magistrate of the 'Isle of Ely; in which the plaintig comnlained, first, that thei defendanthad by his warrant remanaed him on the 24th 6f Septemcber to custody, on a chargge of tra, velling on the Eastern Coruties Railway without a ticletj --behaving no jurisdiction so to do; and, secondly, that the defendant, ortho 25th of the same month, had maliciously and without probable canse, issued: a summons calling on tha 'aintiff to appear before him aud other magistrates on -the' 'th, on a n.iormation by the raidlway company, ch:nrg 3 m;him (the plaintiff) -with havintc on the 23d illegaly refused to deliver up bis ticket at Ely to the authornsed servant of tle company; contrary to ita by-laws, and had further maliciously convicted' the plaintiff on such charge on the 27th, where y the plaintiff las put to great costsin 'procuring the said conviction to be quashed, and put to other great damages. This case was-partly tried on ,Saturday. On the part of the plaintiff, who is by occupation a drover, in the service of Ir. Bradley, a large importer of Irish stock, and frequent:ing orwich market it was proved that on Saturday, the 29d of September, after the market, he and his master took two drovers' tickets by the mail train for London, at the Trowse tation at Norwich. The plaintiff was accompanied by another drover, named THgann, but Mr. Bradley took his BSat in another carriage. After the fatigues of the day the plaintiff arid his friend fell asleep, and were roused at Ely bya porter, who called out "change here for Ely " unon wlhich ther got out, and went to the refreshment-rooni. On the piatforni the drovers, being taken for Ely passengers, were asked for their tickets, and they both by mistake produced two return drovera' tickets of the Great N1orthern Railway, over which they had travelled on part of their journey wifh oxen to Norwich from Holyhead. The corter' refused to accept these tickets, and the twvo men then produced their two Trowvse tickets. These, on inspection, nurported to have been issued on the 3d of September, the fact being that, though issued on that night,. the machine at Trowse, being eut of order, had registered only the figure "3," omitting the figure "2." Ps-iss- fae,o, therefore, these were stale tickets, and, though tho drovers protested that they had taken and paid for them at Tro6we that night, the officials refused to ailow- them to go on without payment of the full faie from Trowas, at the same time offering to return the money if their story, on investigation, should prove correct. The plaintiff declined to accept this offer and so did. laggnn, bat ultimately the plaintiff was detained for travelling without a tick-et, while Magann was allowed to go on with an old ticket. The plaintiff was then taken to the lock-up is Ely, and there given in charge for travelling without a ticket. On Monday he was taken before the defendant, who suggested to the company the propriety of telegraphing or sending amessenger to Trowse, in order that the sactmight be ascertained whether the plaintiffhad really taken and paid for his ticket, and he granted a wrarrant, reciting the proceedings, and reniandng theplaintiff till Thursday, when afulibench would ssemble, and under that wvarran the plaintiff was taken to the House of Correction. Thecompany do not seem to have ado pted the suggestion of the defendant, but the Governor ef the prison kindly wrote to Norwich for the prisoner, and the result was the verification of his statement, and the discovery of the defect in the ticket machine at Trowas. On Tuesdaythe defendant sent for the plaintiff, and orderedhim to be discharged, on the ground that the tickets were genuine; but as he was leaving the place he was served with a sumynmols to appear on Thursday, which had been previously granted, on the infonnation of the railway stationmaster, by the defendant, on a charge of having illegally refused to deliver his ticket at Ely. On Thursday, the 27th, the plaintiff appeared, and vas convicted by the defendant and two other magistrates on that eharge on the evidence of the railway offici. -, whose case was that the plaintiff was bound by the by-laws to deliver his ticket at Ely, though he was a london passenger, if thera required so to do. The fiue imposed on that occasion was 5s., and 12s. 6d. costs, or 14 days imprisonment on default. The plaintiff paid both those sms, and afterwards appesled to the Ldle of Ely sessions, where the convicton, though the magistrates, backed by the railway company, defended it, was quashed, but without costs. The expense to the plaintiff of this step was 971. 16s. 10d., of which 671- were costs paid out of pocket. After this the plaintiff brought an action sgainst the railway for false imprisonment from Sunday to Monday, which was compromised for 251., and the present action against the defendant for the two causes of action above detailed, it beipg contended as to the first that there ought to have been a sumnmons granted in the first instance, as a foundation for the rightof the defendant to remaud; and, as to the second, that the defendant had acted maliciously and without probable cause when he received the information and issued the summons on Tuesday, and must have improperly lent himself to forward the oppressive and illegal act of the railway officials, as he most have known that the plaintiff had really delivered his ticket at Ely, even if the company had power to demand it at that station. Mr. Serjeant Bunss, on the part of the defendant, contended, as to the first count, that on the true construction of the private and public railway acts, the defendant had ample Jurisdiction to hear tie complaint against the plaintiff. As to the second count, the learned serjeant submit. ted that there was no evidenee that the defenidant hadl acted maliciously. HiS LORDSHiP thought that there was jurisdiction, and should direct a verdict for the defendant as to the first count; but he should ask the jury to assess contingent damages in the event of the Court above coming to an opposite conclusion. As to the second count, he courd not say; there was slight evidence of malice, and the case must go to the jury. Mr. Serieant BYLES then went into the defence on the second count, and called the railway officials, whose testimany went to show that the plaintiff and. Magann were both drunk and very abusive at Ely; that they got out there, and said they were Ely passengers, and refused to deliver their tickets at first, but subsequently produced the two Trowse tickets, after having given the Great Northern tickets; that there being good ground for believing the plaintiff and his friend had not paid, the plaintiff 'was detained andremanded, and when it was discovered that the tickets were genuine,! the station-master,l at the suggestion of an attorney in Ely, had preferred the second charge against the plaintiff, with the sanction of the defendant, with whom he had communicated on the subject. Mrr. PsALsEs having replied on the whole case, Liord CEmPilma proceeded to sum up the evideuce to the jury, and, in so doing, after adverting to the legal question raised by the first count, left it to them to say whether, in point of fact, the defendant had acted maliciously in sanctioning and receiving the second charge preferred by the company against the plaintiff, which he characterized as oppressive and vexatious, as they must have known that the plaintiff being a pasenger for London was not bound by the by-lawte deliver hi ticket at Ely, though he might be called upon to produce and show it there. The jury, howvever, must not confound the acts of the company with t.hose of the defendant; but must, before they could fnd against him on this second count, come to the concluson that he was well aware that there had not been any such offence committed as that set forth in the information, and had lent himself, while acting as a magistrate, to the improper proceedings of the company. In that case they would award such damages, beyond the costs, as they thought nit; but, if the jury thought, under all the facts of the case, that the defendant had acted bond fide under the belief-though an erroneous one-that the plaintiff had committed the offence in question, then they ought to find a verdict for the defendant on the second count. The jury retired to consider their verdict, and ultimately fond a verdict for the plaintiff on both counts, with 251. damages on the first, and S., in addition to the taxed bill of costs for the appeal, on the second count. (Bdfo,rc a Special Jury.) ADAMS V. WA.LKEER. Tr. Serjeant Byles, Mr. O'Malley, and Mr. Crouch were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Wells, Mr. Keane, and Br. Power were counsel for the defendant. This was an action in which the plaintiff sought to recover damages from the defendant for certain trespasses alleged to have been committed by the defendant on the occasion 'of his rebuilding a house, situate next to that of the plaintiff, in Trumpington-street, in this borough. The causes of complaint mainly relied on were that the defendant had summarily appropriated a cupboard which projected into his old house and had " shaved dovwn" the flue of a cIrssey to such an extent as to render the occupation of the Winiff's housa extremely uncomfortable. The parties had been formerly very gecd. friends, and, as it was -lear that the present action would not finally determine their respective rights, various attempts were made both from the bench and at the bar to bring about an arrangement by which those rights ahould be svestigated "once for all." These attempts all failed, however, until the 'plaintiff had concluded his case at 4i o'clock, when, on the Chief Jnsice intimating that it was bis intention to sit and finish the cause, no matter to what hour of the night it mnght extend, the parties again laid their heads together. This led to a satisfactory result at last, and " the cause and all matters in difference" were finally referred to Mr. Tozer, of this circulit, with power to direct what shoid be dens by either party so as to put an end to all possible chance of fulture ltigtiaon. With this case ended the Cambridge assizes, all the crinsinnl business having been brought to a close at an early lhour yesterday.
OXFORD CIRCTIIT STAQRD, MtO.NDAY, JULY 2L -- J-t(Gjvrl .kr. ijaron ALDEZSON Q77Q G SpcCial JWrY.) GARDLn'v'R AMND OTfixS V. I1LWELLYr. Mr. Wahiteley, Q-.a Mr. Whitmore, O.C..; and Mr. Hnddleston, appeared ior the plaintiflf; Mr. Keating Q.C.; Mr. Seejeant Piggott, and Mr. Phipson, for the defendant. This- was an issue, directed' by the Master ef the Rolls, to try whether Elizabeth Iewellyn, now deceased, was dusin' her covertre delivered. of a living -child. The question arose out of some -Chancery proceedings which had beein instituted, in which the.defendanfcitnaed to have alife interest in certain estates of- his deceased vrife as tennt7 b.the courtesy; and. this depended on whether or- not bL- wife, Elizabeth IIeweDyn, was during life deRvered' of a living child. The question had already been once .tried at Stadord, at,aformerassizes, in anactionv ejectment,whien the issue was found for the.present defendant.; Ai applica,ion was subsequently made to the Coiurt abOve for a mnew frial; but the Court refused to disturb the verdlict. The 2natter biad since got into Chancery, alt-hough the property in disptte*a5niyW - bout , I an vear, andlthe picsent issue to try the question, which bad all:ady boen'.rtnled and, decided, was one of the -steps, oow!takldg -in there couveof the Oban y-preoeedings~ with .a viiw to:detidink the -ighta of tho parties or, 211 *other wordes, eathm,g up .the ï¿½state. _ . -,^ ir. KEATG, in opening the ca se for the defendant, on whom the proof of *he issue lay, said, in reference to these proceedings, that * s ht country therewavs a cracible cilled the'Eigh Court of Chaneery, and, as he hid before "had an opportuaity of observing, in this circuit, so long as a single acre of land remained 'the process of melting it down would I Igo gn. There was 'bill,' and answer, and evidence, and aecree, and Vlits in dispute on12 different points, upon one of which an'issue had been directed to try over again the question which had already teen once tried; ' The case had been adjourned for -firther directiois, so ,that whon this issue had been tried the case would go back f6ranother heariag, and at length there vould be a finl decree.' Bat he (the learned' counsel) did not believe' that it would ever arrive at that *oe; for lo:ao before that tiine came the vwhole sta-tevouldbeanelted 0own. The causewouldstop as soon as tho last acre of land in dispute was exhausted. He had ayceady expressed dtrm; opinon on this cirenit that, -h are'the property i n dispute was small, tbere ought to be some opportunity of settling esuch disputes in a local court, wJithout the erpense and deLy of proceedings ig the C'ourt of. Chancee y. Mr. Baron AIDr Sioy-Sinlce the case of " Jarridyce v. Jarndyce" thuat has been so determined. (Laughter.! Mfr.. KEA'rri said, that in the case of "Jardyce v. Jarndycee' there was a' large propierty involved, which 'was sufficient to keep the sait alive for half a century, bu in the present case the property was only worth about 501. a-year. Mr. Baron AmDrsoP. said, it was a life est'ate of 50W. a-sear.' Mr. XaEtvs.nG said, the present suit could not last very long, for the amusement of anybody: They were nowgoing to try a question which 1had already been desided-by a previous jury. Mr. WiaLTLLEx said, that was an action of ejectment. This was an issue direcred by the Master of the Rolls. Mr. Baron ADnsssoN said, he hoped the day would arrive when the Court of Chancery would try their own affairs. The trial then proceeded, and occupied the whole of Saturday, till the rising of the Court, and the whole of this day til about 5 o'clock, the auestion being whether the baby in question was born alive and cried, or yhether it was stillborn. Af#er an elaborate sumnmig up by the learned BARoN, the Jury retired to consider their verdict. In about an hour and a-half they returned into court, and said that they could not all agree that the child was born alive, and in accordance with the diretion of the learned judge, found for the plaintiff. This fnding, contraryto that of the former jury, admirably ilustrates the glorious uncertainty of the lw-, or satber of the juries who assist in its administration. CRINfAL COURT.-(3efcs`-eMfr. JUtCee WIsGsE--.) A t the sitting of the Court this morning. John Harrison, the letter-carrier at Mewecastle-underLine, who had teen convicted upon a charge of stealing a pest letter containing maoney, which had been delivered to him to be registered, was brought into court to receive sentence. Mir. Justice W1GHTnrus said a point had been taken in the prisoner's iavour thbat the letter was not a "postletter"); but, after conlsidering the point, he (Mr. Justice Wiglitman) did not think there was any ground for leaving the point for the opin ion of the Court. He should, however, deal with the case aS one of simple larceny, as the prisoner had borne an excelent character for many years, and there was reason to believe that he had been led into the act by intoxication. Unhder all the circumstances, his lordship thought the ends of justice would be satisfied by a sentence of six months' imprisonment with hard labour. Martba Guest, aged 23, and Elizabeth Guest, aged 53, were charged with the wilful murder of Mary Elizabeth Guest, an infant of three months, on the 14th of May, 1856, at Penkridge. Mr. Serjeant Pigott and AMr. Wade appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Huddleston and Mr. Powell defended the prisoner. It appeared that in the last year the younger prisoner, Martha Guest, was living as servant at a publichouse at Wolverhampton, kept by a man named William Derry. She became in the fam71yyway by her master, and left in the month of December, and went to live at the house of a man named Whittall, in the same towfn. WhittaUl wasseparated from his wife, and was living with a woman named Hannah Dyer. The young womana lived with them till the 17th of February, 1856, when she Vfas delivered of ahealthychild. The child remained with the nmother-for three weeks and three days, when the elder prisoner, Elizabeth Guest, the grandmother of the child, came and took it away to Penkridge, to bring it up by hand. The mother followed in a weekj, and lived at Penakridge with her mother and child until the death of the Latter, on the 14th of May. The body of the child was afterwards taken up, and on the 21st of June underwent a post mortem examination by two surgeons. The inside was subjected to a chymical analysis by Mr. Wrightson, of Birmingham, ard a small trace of antimony was found, but not sufficient to cause either death or sickness. On the examination of the head it was found that there vas a slight appearance of a bruise on the back of it, and beneath the corresponding portion of the scalp and bone there vas extravasated bleod, and at tho base of the brain a clot of blood. These appearances led one surgical witness to infer that the child died in consequence of a blow of considerable violence, though the other surgeon said it might have arisen froma fall. In order to bring home guilt to the prisoners the man Whittall and the woman Dyer were examined at some lengtb. The substance of their evidence was, that on the 10th of May the younger prisoner went over to Cannockl where >hittall and the woman then resided, and in the course of conversation said the child was poorly, was constipated in its bowels, and threw up its food. She also said she had had 20_ from the father of the child, but the old - would not loose any more. On the 12th of M5ay she came again, and said 'he child was still poorly; and on the 17th of May, which was a Saturday, a letter was received by Whittall, signed in the name of the younger prissoner, but, in fact, written by the elder, in which the writer need these words :-" I am going to Liverpool to-night with the baby, to stay a month with my sister," &c. It turned out that the child had actually died on the Wednesday previous, Tiz., on the 14th of May. The woman Hannah Dyer went over to Penkridge on the following Wednesday, the 21st of May, and there saw the younger prisoner. She then said her sister had taken the baby to Liverpool, and that she herself was going the next day. The prisoner accompanied the uwoman Dyer towards her home, and on the road she was cryzing and put her hand on her shoulder, and said, "Mrs. Whittahl, I must tell you the truth; little Polly's dead."; She then wanted Mfr. WVhittall to write to 3ir. Denry, the child's father, to ask himn for 101. She said her mother had already had 201., but she had had a good deal of trouble, and she wanted her to bave 101. more. The same night, the 21st of May, the man 'Whittall wrote a letter to the elder pisoner, in which he s.aid that, "If he were to say that he was surprised to hearof the death of the child he should tell an untruth, for ho nevTer expected anything else when he heard that she was to have the care of it." He also said he was "not half satisfied about the child's death -" that "he had a vagu_e suspicion all was not right ;" and th1at "i;t was his intention to have the body exhumed, and to write TO the coroner to have an inquest held." The prisoner took no notice of the letter, end on the 11th of June WThittall wrote another letter, addressed to the younger prisoner, whom he addressed as "Dear Mar;tha." He said, *'the circumstances rendereditnecessary that heshouldimlmediate. ly see her, and he hoped shc would come over to Cannock as soon as possible ; that it was for her owzn good, and probably for her safety; that he wvould wait till Saturday, and if she did not come he would proceed in his owvn course in reference to the death of the poor child; that he had a public duty to perfonrm, and that the interests of societyo renuired that he should dischsr"e it; and that if she saw him- it iniht save her much trou~ble." On the following day the young woman went over to Cannock-, and refused to see Whittall in private as he had suggested, saying that she diWdn't care who heard what she bad to say. Some conversation ensued which terminated by the parties both st.^ting that they should followv their owXn course. The next day Whittall gave information to the pollee, which led to the body being taken una anld examined as before stated.. The witness WhittaUl was cross-examined with some severity, and it was sug-- gested that he had endeavoured to extort the sum of 51 from the younger prisoner, by the threat that if she did not lend that sum he (WYhitiall) would give her 51. worth of sorrow. He, however, denied the imputation, though he admitte-d facts which went to show that he had been extremely anxious to get evidence against the prisoner. In order to show the circulmstances attending the death, evidence was given that on the 3d of Miay (11. days before the death of the child) the younger prisoner had taken it to a surgeon named MScKenzie, and got some medicine for it (two gray powders). She called on the surgeon again the next day, and said the sickness of which she had complained continued, upon which Mr. McKenzie, who did not think there was much the matter with the child, said, it w;anted good nusng,n and advised her to give it some milk and cream. The child continuedpoorly, and a Mrs Sanders, a widow of a medical min, was calledin. She advised rhubarb and magnesia, which was administered twvice. The child appeared to have somet-hing the matter with its head, and Mrs. Sanders told the mother that she thoulght it was water on the brain. The child died on the 14th of May, on. its mother's lap, and on its death was laid out. So attempt was made to conceal the child, and one of the witnesses said that after the child was dead, and while it was being laid out, its head fell forward, and that she saw the back of the head. They also stated that both the prisoners did all that was kind and proper to the child, and appeared to be exceedingly sorry for its death. Mr. ferry, the father of the child, was examined, and stated that ho had given the elder prisoner 201., and told her to take every care of the child, and that when that was gone she should have more maore. This being the case, Mr. Justice.WIGraTAe asked the counsel for the prosecution whether he thought there was any case? Mr. Serjeant 1PrGOTr said he should be quite content with theo oinionof his lordship. Mr.i Jutce WrusrTmAr saId, the last evidence was maost important, for it showed that the prisoner had an interest inthelife of the chld. Thewitness ferry said he had given thema 206. and promised to gi-ve 201. more when that was spent. His lordship then asked the' jury to say whether they would wish to hear the prisoner's counsel? * The jury said that they were unanimously of opinion that it was net necessary to proceed further. Mr. Justice WIG Tm said it might loe niwossary that there shouldc be somoe inquiry, but he did not think it was` a case for a conivictio"n. . The.jurythen.pronounced the prisoneis 21,ot Oui7ty, and I wooserp Chiers igeda 29,. miner, was charged vith Itl wilful murder ot DaviedTaylor, on the 10th of N arch, 1856, at Kingwinford. * Mr Best and'r. Bvire appeared for the prosecution Mr. Hluddlestonand Mr Motteram defeadd the prisoner. tIt appeared, that on Sunday night, tho 9th of 'arch last, the prsnei was-at h6fne with has fatlhsr arid mothler raid brother, -whor live;d oithe read leading, froiii Cradlej.-heAth fri. :Brierly-hihl At a lttle after12 i'io'clck 'aprsrty,passed.the,~ doe6r of the liouse, and soine of them didl g'riethifig wch.t provoed te prsonero coe ou. Thre was a'. 'crtneAr'_ *OWD in theroad andfa1 u ponhim. Bne 1 7 the deceased two e r'thre9 'h os whle he was down, and the deceased cried out. " Oh, he fs nsurdering me V' lhoepri. soner was then got off,- ana hii mother, wo wan-also there, said, "Oh, Joseph, I fear yoa've llMed-himn- upon which he said, "If I'have notIdlIled hini I will." The prisoner, was taken into custody at 5 Oclock the same morpng'anad charged with being in the affrM and causig the death, upon vFhich he said it was a bad job the poor man was dead, hu'. ho did strike the blow.. A. mnife was afterwards fIound in a field near the spot, and from nthe post ir.ort,na examination it was clear that the death was caused by some shap instrament. There were wounds on the ear and temples, a contusion on the left jaw, and a mortal wound in the chest. Some sharp instrument had passed between; the ribs on the left side, penetrated the lings and percardium, and separated the pulmonary artery, so as to cause immediate death Bnt at what precise moment the man died did not appear, for the man's companions, as well as his assailant, ran a-ay, -and left h-im to his fate. He was found at 3 o'clokcl in the-morning, lying dead by the road-- side. The jury found tho prisoner Guily of manslaughter. Mr. Justice WsG}Ir3Wz, in passing sentence, said he con-1 sidered the offence one of a very aggravated description, and' little short of murder, and for the offence he must be transported for 15 years. Mr. WmTitOBlE, Q.C., has been sitting throughout the greater, portion of the day io the Grand Ju ro to assis i m the trial of prisoners,
3IIDLAND CIRCx-IT. VUV1ITNGA JUULY 21. VUti ttawre openeQ. Msn morning at iii O'Clocki Cief Justice Jervis presiding on the C,rown, and mre Justice Cresswell.on theo Civil Side, The calendar for the county contains the names of priones cargd,1 'ithniu er 1with an attempt to a chld,2 wth urgary 1 ithassultng ithintent to Thecalnda fo th ton cntans henames of only 3 prisone,1 charged with child murder, withforgery, and 1with uttering counterfeit coin. On the Civil Side there are only 2 causes, 1 of which is CRONwN COURT.-4Before ClicfJustice Jnwis.) James Afflickt aed 33, a framework-knitter, pleaded "Guilt" to a charge of maliciously attempting to strangle one James Afflick, aged about four months, with intent murder him, at Huckijall Torlard, onl the 28th of April, 1856, and was sentenced to 15 yearntransportatidn. The prisoner had mace the ittempt upon the child by putting a cord round his neck when he was in bed with his mother, who prevented the accomplishment of his turpose The prisoner and his wife lived together nvery b terms and the former, upon heanng sentence of transportation pase uon him, appeared highlly plwease, and expressed his thanks to the learned judge. The Grand Jury ignored the bill against Thomas Johnson, a farmer at Winkburne, who was charged with the murder of Marn Clark, his housekeeper; but they found a bill against him for an assault upon the said Mary Clark, alleged to have been committed a fev days hbefore her death. The trial of this indictment was put off until the nest asizes.
POLICE. GUILDBALL.-Fouquin Savilla was placed at the bar for furtherexaninatioii relative to the charge of forging certain documents pmporting to be liquidation bonds of the internal debt of .reru, and compensation bonds for the manumission of slaves by the State, with intent to defraud the Government of the Republic of Peru and others. Sir G. CARRiOLL presided. Mr. Bodkin atterLded to prosecute on behalf of the Pernvian Government, and Mr. Wontner defended the prisoner. The Peruvian Minister, Senor Don Francisco da Rivero, and Mr. H. Kendall, the Consul, were also in attendance to watch the proceeduigs. Mr. E. Routh and a number of the members of the l'ernvin Bondholders' Committee were present on behalf o I the bondholders. The cir9umstances of this case, which were of a most ex. traordinary charaetar, were briefly these :-The prisoner is a Spaniard, and a feaw weeks back he applied to a lithographic priter and engraver named Deutsech, of Carpenter's-buildings, London-wall, to make fac similes of certan signatures, to be attached to aboat 200 copies of several kinds of documents, which were all printed in the Spanish Jlaiguage. Deutseh having arranged the terms upon which he would do the work for the prisoner proceeded with it, but his suspicions were aroused in consequence of the prisoner's statement that the documents to which the signatures were to be appended were passports for the purpose of sending people to Sonth America, and his subsequent anxiety to get hack the original signatures before then work was completed, which he attempted to effect in a surreptitious manner during the temporary absence of Deutsch from that part of the shop in which the prisoner was waiting. Deutsch accordingly gave notice to the police, and the prisoner was watched, and ultimately appre ended by Funfe3l, a detective officer, when the whole of the fabricated signatures, as well as the originals from which the copies were made, were secured. The original signatures were upon small pieces of paper, and upon searching the prisoner the genuine bonds from which theyhad eencut erediscvere, ad athislodgings a tagey quantity ofothwerdecduineonvteseofa similarcharacter to thonse Of preouslyalludend to,and amongtbhem a copy of the stance induced the authorities to believe that ho was acting in collusion with others resident in Peru. Copies of the bonds in question were produced, and, onbeing submitted to the Consul for inspection, he s-ad they were perfect fac similes of the signatures of the Presdent of the Republic of Peru, the Minister of Finance, and the president of the Liquidation Commission. There were two other signatures, but the Consul had no knowledge of t'hem. A gentleman who had resided many years in Peru was called to state the nature of the bonds, and he explained that they were issued by the Government of Pru in liquidation of the internal debt, and for compensation to the owners of slaves liberated by order of the State, and the bonds so issued circulated from hand to hand by endorsement ini Peru as freely as bill of exchange in this country. The fraud, therefore, attempted by the prisoner was of the mostgigantic magnitude, as there were blanks left in the forge documents for the sums, which might be filled up to any amount, according to circumstances. "M Wontner applied that the money fonnd on the prisoner might be given up to him for the purpose of providing him with legal assistance at the triaL. Mr. Bodkin said he should object to the application, because information had reached him that a bond similar to those produced for a very large amount had been successfully put into circulation, and the 541. found on the prisoner was probably part of the proceeds. Mr. Wontner said it was not fair to the prisoner to withhold from him thie means of meeting the charge. He was a foreigner in this country and as s-ooznahe was taken into custody he was siripped of everything he possessed, and he therefore thoughthe was not being fairly dealt with. Sir G. CARROLL said he had already ordered him 141., and he considered that was sufficient up to the present time to meet his requirements; but he would order another 10?. to be given him to prepare for his triaL The prisoner was then fully committed for trial. MLnBOROUGH-STREvrT.-Sidney Chettle was brought before Mr. BADflON, charged with stealin' a quantity of Eplate, the peroppertayr of a lady named Ottley, residing at No, DIean-street, Park-lane. Colonel North, M.P., accompanied Mr Ottley to the court, D=niel Sheedy.-Iam in the service of Mrs. Charlotte Ottley, and the prisoner was formerly Mrs. ttley's footman, hut discharged on the 25th of June. Th'eprisoner called at the house on Friday night List, and leftb 10 and U o'clock. About 12 o'clocka that night I saw all th.eplate safe in the pantry, and I lokied the press, and toktekey with me. fo my bedro-om. All the doors and windows were safe at that time. On the following morning, about b o'clock, C went downstairs, and I found the press was unlocked, and I missed a silver soupladle and a giantity of spoonis and forks. I also missed a pair of shoes hho* ther pantry.h adcncae I tor Parke, C division.-Froin information I zesoivIl weut with police-constable Crokoer to 14, Pearsen-street, Greenwich, and under the roof of the outhouse) in the yard I found the soupladle and other articles tied up in a handkerchief and napkin. I went baci to the stationhouse wiere the prsoner was in custody, and told him that the plate had been found, and added that I wondered how an entraneo was gained into Mrs. Ottey's house. The prisnenr repled that he got in at the kitchen wsindow by undoing the boltjthat fastened the shutters and raising the sash. ",&ter getting theplate took the area cey from the dresser. -I then fastened the kitchen shutters again with may flri, letti5ng royelf out by the area and leaving Polee-onsabl Crdossai aferthe ri'soner was, brugt intod theStatiornhoeh tolds hi hF nad coneï¿½to therlate iun thereoffan ouue thouse at hes sisbter's h unse,bd his siserfkewdnot's ifgebo lait. -he aursorhped hï¿½ shoul sbseqdatwihlnently andasstt to getnan' on bompardaut Theshoes and plate were identified by thefirst witess. Fully committed. WBusTsM;TERi.--John Hunt, a stout, powerful, miiddleaged man, was chaitaed with assaulting and wounding John Westuiard nwith an iron har. Tea comlainant, who wore a bandage round his head, stated that Ue w'als Iown to the defendant and his wife as a neighbour who had afforded them both pretectioi from one another inx their~ frequent Private broils and, quarrels; the return for which.waw that, thaving amicably arranged their diferences for aPtim, they ere now both disposed to. attIck him. On Saturday night s bhe wis returning home he went into a pablichouse to get some refreshment, and there founfd them, but never addressed a word, to either. As'defendant's wife wis, leaving2he abused comnplainant, - who subsequently went to defendant's house to reasonk with him and see whether he could not'prevailupon him, to re strain his wife's tonge.- Onl his knocking at tbe oor defendant opened it and, withouLt uttering a. syllable, Jstruck complainant on the'foreheiid with an iron bar., H6, twice repeated the blow, and while' he was i. the g-o-dud repetedfly struckhimn about the shoulders and body withk the ba,untisome ,persns: caine to, hlis assistance;~ and hie was resued 'froris farther violence. ConlIii a w .w0rmqoun bble-head, amnd mums taken to, the hoispital, where they were -drissed. Some witn&gog having beon called, -Dlefendant,iniepy to the charge, sad thlat his wife wa i ~_oit'marketing .on~ ' night, -hen shie met with the .cAefendant, who, seizing hier by the arma, swung her ovrer his `Jisad; 'He afterward camie- to his (defendantis'i -h6u with .~ludmc, and forced his way into thle lowefroom, whenx 'he (defenidazit),cf-him. dlown with'theii'os, whic'h was used A~pollman hving hnded n a crtificate, statii~g that.. complinan's wundsmigh be ttened wth dnge t 31r. D'Ercour. with being concerned with' others who. have escapedl apprehensio7ifin- the&following daiing assault aiarobberies:- 7 -The fiist chargeo ws' ireferred by- Mr.. Charles Boden, a iommercisl travellet, who stated,-I was returning home lust befhre 8 o'lock ona the evenrng of Wedriesdao the Otis inst.,when, iiisatas Ib"had got'within. 2-T.ardsonitmy own Q earg* the. a sound of1boatsteps rofpidly a hcin behindie, and the next instant received suce eavy blow on the back of mv, hiadthat % T dropped '.to the.pavement,I and beforen I.ould regain-my feet Iuwas grasped by tbï¿½ e ,collar of my coat, dragged across the road by thie prisoner aid anotlher mian, and forcibly held down, wphile a womnan rifled my phckets of all m the silver a thaey containet i which she nmmedietely passed to one df the men, and then all- ade off together. The outragewascomnitedirnL-b,~ dayleght, and a number of persons wvere bad near, but theyPoerised.-I astudd ao t the m anacviy ofotetoob that nndews loolg othred sen the swigdte wheiiI teia d The assailtanhd driseap was redth. e D son das I aeveT swu,cietl a t d I xwetar to the stton asdogv of t nhrman - tionP t police , toge.-ther thk sue h areoscrp this ofst t otheromas Bntton-f am na traesmnan,b ivin cosewtothisfrspent, andw Itookn tharaoug tie wndowy teii I wiatnesed teassaulte adtg6rbewrit w nsithested,.andln awth mev haw, waPn can swaru e otte priton eiras one of the xorsen. f Sergeontercs.-I tmook the praone on this anedite q3snte Dy suchU - chrces aid conmyitelling form tral nboth mmh uetg it e nitd H attnd-laidhon d aoft himv;, wand lal ,;t strugle nsue bewen s, Liv3ngthne course of.l which he twisted my thumb in such a manner that it is stilL swollen and gives mofgthain.. He is himself a desperate man, and memlber of a -notorious family, 'soume of whom~ are shop lfters re, vtedly convicted, and his brother was recently iried at the Central Criminal Couirt and senatenced to a lengthened term of transportation.t Prisoner.--1 am not the man. Mr. D'EYNCOURT.-I shall send this cAse for trial. The second charge was prefered by Mr. William Harris, a whipimaker at Hoxton, who rsaid-On the 5th of June I went to the Eastemr Counties Railway s' tation -with a number of whips worth from 71. to ,., to be sent to Tilbury. i left them, temporarily with one of the railway servants, acompafied by directions, and on sending for them afterwards ftend they had been fetched in the interim by some onae I had not authorized to do so. John Irons, the company's cab clerk.-I receivec thcae whipts frpom . Haborris, ;and placedithem behind a dohor. roecute or aent forie thnt shertoly afterwads,but before hie dd so remude the prisonerfetchedthem, singII have came for whis,"and ashe ad rouhtthem iu with Poliema 59 -Atthe imeof tis ast. robbery I saw tepisoer, whmI have known for sxyears helpn ano mn to lead the prosecutor Acrs te road from the ra a. FIThe prosecutor was the wose for what he had taken I took himni away from theta, and led him to. ward th sttio-hose;but he expostulated with mes, abd,on indig h wasnotso dunl Isthoughst, Ilet hime go. he risnerwas hendresedexatly like a railway portr, ad he sme ortofeltheandcap on, and, in fact, had ll he p~~of ne.Xex momngthe proseutor Prsnr-I am not the man in. this case either. Mr. D'Eyncouni.T.-I shall commiit you for trial on both charges. CLERismc-wsa..-Joseph Fratn1ois Gobel, aged 35, a carpenter,. residing at 13, Cross-street, Hlatton-garden, a most morose-looking mnan, was placed at the bar on remand before M1r. ConRRiE, on the charge that he "1did wilfly and maliciously stab the complainant, Charles Chadwiok, with a knife, at the Brill inblchousu, Brill-place, Somerstow;~n, and also with stabbin-g Dne iigtiea h an time and pltaco." Dne iigtn ttesm Mr. C. Albert, the interpreter, attended to interpret the evidence. The particulars of the formaer hearing have already appeared; and Mr. CoRiExr said it was a case that must go to a highier tribuna, and he should therefore commnit the prisoner to Newgate for trial. TH-4.11cs.-Johm Demont, a foreigner, about 22 year-s of age who is su=psd, froma a, dlocument found upon him, to hae been disc arged from the British German Legion on the 25th of June last, was brought before Mr. YAsRDLEY charged with knowingly uttering a forged 54. Bank- of EinglandI note. Mr. Ambrose Wizesn, of No. 250, Whitechapel-road, boot and shoemaker, said the prisoner came to hiis shop that afternoon and bought a pair of boots, for which he tendered in payment a 51. Bank of England note. He immediately suspected it was a forgery, and he asked the prisoner- to wrnte his name upon it, and he dlid so. He then ask-ed the prisoner where he obtained the note, to which he replied from a friendl in Liverpool, which place he left that morning. He asked the prisonerto stop a while, and toldl him he wlould send for change, but, instead of doing so, he sent; for a police-constable and gave the prisoner into custoy. Plrevious to the policeman a arrival the prisoner requested permission to go into the watereloset, and his request was acceded to. He afterwards founds piece of paper on t'he floor of the watereloset which gave him a clue to the place where the prisoner bad been living ; and the people there said the pnsoner wvas a German, and had been dwellin" with them12 orl34 dAys He took the note tothne Bank- o? Eng.- land, and it was pronounced to boa forgery. Alr. L. Straus (who interpreted the evidence to the accused) said the prisoner's answer was that be only came from Liverpool that mnorning, and received the note of a friend there. A police-constable said the prisoner told him he received the note. of a friend at diver poo last Friday. Mr. YARDLEY remandd te prisoner until Thursday. LAImBETH.-The magistrate requested the acknowledgment of the followingadltol sumns received for tho poor blind man Scholefield, viz. :-From "1A Lady, " 14; "N. F. L.," 10s. - Mrs Lucy, 9Z.; "H. B. Mf.," 1Os.
SHrP NEWS. N-TICE TOS4,RnERC ADWEtIATION LN THE POSITION AN'D BEARINGS OF THE BUOYS AT THE FNTRAXCE OF THE SURINAM RIVER. The outer-buoy boinz drifted to the Westward has beenL replaced in the former posit-ion, and can be passed to lee or to windward, The second, which bas been long missed, is also replaced, but somewhat more to the Eastward in the same depth. Vessels of some draught of water are warned not to pass on the east side of the three innermost buoys, the depth diminishing here very quickly, but to keep the buoys al on tbeir port side in entering the river, and steer with the same course (S. by R) along the first t.hree buoys. Taking the easterlybook or point of the river where a beacon is erected for Bramspoint, the buoys lie in the following bearings (true), and depths at low water of spring des:- The outer-buoy in 31 fathoms teud, bearing-Bramspoint, S.S.E thesecond buoy, S. by E.; the easternmost land, E I S. Iie seodbo8 ahm u,baigBnpis .E, by S.; thirtbuduocy, S. buy ; eafstteeynmmosmt land If. jN.B3ï¿½onsSEy- The third buoy in 3 fathoms hard ground, bearing-Bramspoint, 6l.E t E: fourth buoy, S&S.E. iE; e.asternmosst land, E, byN1. riThe fourt buyE.y inS3 fa thoemus hO<ar-d,belly gro2und, bearing-Brasa Brtwveen the second and third buoys the grond very soon becomes solid a nd hard, It may be observed that the bearings on the easternmost land do not merit much credit, because the different state of the weather makes a great difference in the appearance of this low coast. DESCRIPTION OF THE POSITION OF THE BUOYS AN-) BEACON IN THE NICREERIE OUTER CHANNEL. The outer buoy is lyin in the depth of 11 feet at lowwater. bearingLanddrost's-lous. , S. t t(true); fiaptafï¿½ of -he SE byE iE: easterlylan'a, E.NXR 5E. The inner-buoy at the sans depth. bearing-Ltnddr3sts-house, EL; flagstaff, E.S r*outer-buoy, . by W. W. s * he beacon stands in3 feet at lov water. bearing-flagstafS, , by S.; outer-buoy, M. W l.; tanddrostb-house, R1N.R Vessels are to pass on the west side and close to the buoys; by appreacheing the, inner buoythstey m^us.t luhff upimmediately, the channel thenbein ope, an mrsster wih th couse SE, b B.till before the pier at Newvv Ittterdam; moreover, to shovw the course of the wvindwvard and lee-bon itn mthc mouth of the Nickerie-creek, several small piles or sticks are placed along their edge. Lo.s-ox, Julyv 21.-Wimd at noon, N.W.: light aire and cloudy, FAou1;s Jnly 20.-Wind, N.N.WA-Siled.-The Arthemise, for Dlunkirk-the Porter, for tendon-the Franz Ernst, for Southampton -the Ana louisa, for BristoL BaLsrot. July 21- Wimd, W..NW., fresh.-Axrived. the Iuo, from the Maimitius-the Montague. from Liverpool--the Pearl, from Salcombe-the Emerald, from Patras Sailed, the James Gibson, for Berbico. roar Er,szstrasp o.rtyoA BAT. Mray 2f-The Rapid. from fanrifles for london, whnch put in here on tbe 27th Feb., ieaky, was after survey condepmed, and sold at public auctiun, but has again been tfake from esatse ofeby the mAster, Cheurchtiasefrnot havsingeflthle hakiscnr Snhe silzetdhenc f on tRhe1th of April (wathoutrepairnge) for Table Bay, in order there to undergo repairs, and arrived thereon the 17th of AIReL f GRAYRSESND, StaY 20. (Br Surasc A?WX Bntemst TaLGossArat, (From Lloyd's.) Aorkved.-Tne transport Foyle and Britannin, from Bapth ae ethCse Robiocm, from, Groningen-the Romaeban, from Quebec-tpe Costa Rica from Psata Arenas-the Anna Christina, from Cristine-tha Ariadne andT irabeth, from Riga-the Sarap Boetsford and Ellbe, from Dantic--t he Martha from Stettinr-tho Af na, from Guernsteythe fharlott reed, from it. Petersburg-the Rotunda, from New Arrce-tho Empress Euaenle froum Constm t B opl-the oteafner Fsenoord, from RoVtteadamothe I;arensbourne, from Autwierp. 'T JJnty 21. SOG W.m,-Wnd, calm; tide, lowg water; loudy. * Arrived.-TLe Louisa, from Codbeeg-the Crispin. Carobne, and NSobiia, from Guernsey-the Welesyan, from Hamburg-the steamrer Diana, from Yinartrand--the H ampdef, from CaUmao, 1p.m. Arrived.-The stemer PRhin, faom Boulogne-the steamer Soho,e from Hamsilc eteani-trantport Caroline, from Gibraltae . I Sailedt-The John CorbeUN, for Aabor Bay. S,c.m.-WmU;, W.:; tide, ssearlybigh water; fiue, thrdeV ,-Tbe H,enrietta, from Senwalva l-the Phoi ndd Arab, from Constantinr pilathe SGmift, from St. Xittt-the Hohfsungt from Dorothe Ia a from frmSldaen-tahiThemaEmanfuelo from Emde_- thlaePsdn, fromn Nlebe atte .fo Selfe-teUin from Nykobing-the Augmt from lYmes-the Renfreahiro,from Quebec-the tzansport lady Rsell, from B 8lathe Abarf Ovily of Hamburg, from Hamburg. v-h tae 7.SO P.m.-WrndoW. ; tide, 4homs'eb; Ibs rassdvDo-Th steamer Fade aud Ilndon, from Paris-the Arenat from Jamaica--he Attent, from Carolide n el-the fm eptunej fror -the Vests, 'an the.rihCe d, from SunwaldtchRs from Pathurat River Gambia-the Hofneng, from mnirted-the Dorothes Shark, frOm StRien-th Temaunns, from Selare-t rasllce. from f hoebee, ' . D ' ' W EAL, Jury 20.> BRY SBuaxnsnc aren Bamaig TrxzUesn.) - (From Llsydlaj Passed.-The sere-Bteam traort Caroilne, and the Abr,,d foim Balblars for London, Passed Duogpuhesm-TheLady Russel, from the Plash Sea-the James, from Yl'enicerauld the brig ZYmu, from Gucerdy, al for ltondon,.- 9a.m.-Wiutl, S.E,; hlight: Passe&-Theatesmerparisandtendd -, from Pao-isfor tendon SalledA.The Chld' of the; Regiment, for Calac-the Warble-, for .Noon.-Wrmd. S,S,W. m ioderate. ' -Basis-TeEllenR Itwson, from; tendonz for-the Cape of Good 'Anchgresk-tbe-Lord eeocgeBentinck, from Leandfle forBEombay; 2 p.m,-Wihd S.W. ; idodorato. ,- - ' 7 30 p.rn.-W,iiud W.b.W. j m6deratei s Sf - i- - Asrivedand lEased.-Tle,,Miry, -from -RirZealaxnd for tendo'n, -the DoalpSh%ferm the> Eutwd he orxd?=eauztb arlot5 fromtambmg fo o Jueir-theJrAeidrian,: from .&stcdrufor Susrintmt-o,hel3btiede,fro Sunderlmd for JlarcelseTho Patrioee, A-rivd sect Ancbred-TeWinemer, hm los-b forn - . HIGH WATRIl ATIODN-BlRIDD H DAT. ;' Mfospng . .,,, afW.. ;3sntlhto a 18......... i8sis, &L*t$
MR. 2IBEHI'S FlAiL TO THE EDTOR 0' TB TINES. Sir,-In Tl'c Tivzos of to-day there is a very excelent report of Mr. Meci's annual gathering, wbich took place onl Saturday. Having seen Tiptree-haJl far-m for the first time on that day, a.d having come from '3cotland wvith somo prejudice against the systems of faxming adopted there, I am bound to say, after a most careful rnspection, that Mr. Mechi's crops are, on the whole, the best I have seen anywhere, either inEngland or Scotland. His wheat and mangold wurtzel are splendid crops, and were there as much produce raised on every acre of arable land in the ldngdom as is now raised by the acre on what was formerly Tiptree-heath there would be no necessity for ini- nillions of qurTters of vheat to feed the ishpeopie. This 1S not a mere agricultural question i it is a national one. The resources of the country reqre to be developed, and we need 10,000 3fechis to draw them forth There is not a district of the kingdom that might not have its farm produce largely increased. Eve highlyiarmed as East Lothian is, its crops night beincreased one-third in tLeaggregate bythe adopton of higher systems of farning; and, if we take otner counties into the caculation, there can be no doubt that they might have their p reduce doubled, or even tripled, in mtany cases by being fanned in a similar manner to Tiptree-hall. 3M. Mech may not have had large profits on his farning, but wi,th such crops he ought, under good management, if he had not been a pioneer, to have had good returns. Fanrmers who are accustoned to superior farm buildings vill not think highly of Tiptree homestead, hut evesy one v;ho can appreciate superior farming must admit that MiBieehi's crops are of firstc;ss quality. Hie is too sanguine in many things, but the "Laird" of Tiptree has done gooi service t the cause of agricultural progrecs, and deserves wtell of his country. I am. Sir. your most obedien1t sea-v nm J. LOCKHART MORTON. i-onaon, July ':L TO Tla EDITOR OF TME TIMES. Sir,-As by your report of Mr. Xechi's gathermig at Tiptree a wrong impression is conveyed as to the cause of my traction engme not being worked further than Witham en its way to T'ptree- , you 'will, perhaps, be so good as to allow me t epain that no part of the nachinery was out of order, as stated in the report, but that the axlebox of one of the wheels, owing to the shrinking of the wood work (the wood being new and not perhaps sudiciently seasoned), became loose, and, although it could have proceeded on its journey, I did not think it prudenz to use it, to show its power of drawFing to the extent it had been shown at CheLsford. Tlhis explanation is of importance to me, inasmuch as the machinery part of the engine is much less liable to get out of order when working as a locomotive than as a stationary engine, from the circumstnce of the force beii;g applied to the drivingwheel close to the centre of the shaft of ttie fly, instead of being applied to the outwari periphery of it. I am. Sir vn-r . 1,rn. 1 - - . JAMES BOYD=:L. I - kannuen WY orMs,% amcel-wn, July 2L
TH|E FJRENCH AT THE BOYAL AGRrCULTUR.L SHOW. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE ES. Sir,-I have the honour of transmitting to you the note which I had promised for your most honourable review in The Timce. The number of animals which I exhibited at Ohelmsford was three only, a Britany bull, the finest of its breed in al France, having obtained the first pze at the general concours of Orleans, 1854, and had the honour of the third prize here, though in competition with much larger and greater hreeds than its own-sulch EIS, for instance, the Charolis and Norman; this bull is named Tom Ponce. Secondly, a Brittany cow, named:;Lnrdce, of the most remarL-able beauty, having obtained the first prize at the universal concour,: of Psris in 1855. Thirdly, another Brittany cow, having obtained at the universal concours of Paris in 1856 a second prize, and the third at Chelmsford, though in competition with all other French breeds exhibited there. The Establishment of Beneficence which I founded in the year 1843, and of which I am the director, Ttossesses the finest collection of animals, both French and foreign-as )urham, Ayrshire, Soithdowns, Cotswold, Leicester, Esse orkshire &c. - but it is renlrrks.ble, aboveall, by: its moralizstion of 60 young prisonzers that it contains, of *whos, byrelion xaud rork,,e ma-e honest and useful agriculturists or industri men; this establishment is the only one pIaoed under the protctorship of -the Emperor ?Xapol&on. Ibought a ram of hr. Jonas Webb, for 26X ; Asovr at Chelmsford, 40Z.; five ewes at Chelmsobrda of Lord WaIsingham, 701.; a great quantiet of young pags, and a great assortment of implements at hï¿½earse. Easome and Sm's. Please, Sir, to receive my thanris for whatever yqu mat' be kind enough to mentica in your most honourable pub rcation, and 1the assrnce of my most considerate regards. The founder and director of the colonv of Petit Bonrr. X. ATLUEf. 4mondnB Ju,Yt,yW _ .- . -w .m i:wr.Wr X &up aunoullr o! senmung you sc monnng Ibvereseived an offida1 nws that Her -MaJesty tbe Queen of Enlhd aocepts she hom~ sthat I have done erare to set4 off ntediastrle,om ym ebrLt ord T or t Pauton Ho e,aton-street5 Haymarkot5 July21.
'G?a 1) - -- -IRlffUATnXOA?HV- ,glgtv%;?v e. gli5A.- Ystery at o o'clc, anecting of oJcers no r7n& Orwho have served,- in 'thW3kjgi-e'b .ja ms li.7Zd L the theitre 6f the UnitedServiao Ik*4aug VIisAUifja .to talIinto conideratioua he ikcpdayef jecitn *W` - entlinmiemoryof the officer aad a tf the 'skdfwh inthe litewar. HiBeoyal Hieia De(f b "occnpiedtbe chair, gdamongtseofloeunprw:Wrereee P 'Edward of Sase Weimiri l,&rd Straffd, '(s2ic Sfr Aexdei oWo toi d. Gieneai SirG e les C Sir W oo,')fsjer.Genal Thrd Xiliiteueani. General Sir G. B&dles, jor-Ge3el Lord lMaCa,Y* General Spenoer Stanhope; Geiifl A Geje leudyer, Geneal W*njid, Gneral8frH.B izAnG Charles Bentinck, GenerlBernard, -fiil Idea, G Dickson, General Bowr, Coloe Sir Juolia Ilnbiry, Generta:Aitcliison,'C osaelUpne CcLone _ crieffe, Colonel Drummond, Colonel I indsy, Cokel CJadogan, Coloicel Tyr*Ihitt, Coloie BiCii olone 'Haygsxth, Colonel Bruce, -Colonel .Lrd -.2m et CooiL kYorke, and Colonel W. Eidley.. An acrate model of thb cemetery on Cathcart'-hill, -sho - h. gravec of 'ieah'of thebrave dffiers-buied there 'ride byide, -a th:e monumnents with their inscriptions, where nonuniet there 'ae, wis 'exhibited in the mnueuem previoug to ihi"'aett e.feited somc intret,.etplily- vrac Gbtal Sir Henry Bentinck, who paused to look 4t if, .ixpi:aid its sweral parts,-and bore testim_Oni'' o its fidaty ,'n'6 lknowTh'1dge 'oEf.e Jocality,;destb hto>possef an ac, ng-steatr and to be te ehiiie!of -lgrinshfor-'aui 1tnie- The ]u)ke of - Cse.IDG: said,. EXaing ;beenitdo.. 'presdc over,their mee en an occsion so replete wit touching interest, he hoed le need not amsue them that i did so with great- grtidcation,' for to. do htonorl to' t memoryof those galiat comrades whofelliu the recent struggle, and also o the Brigade' of Guanduitef;; would always be to him- not0nly apointof dut, buta source. of peculiar satisfaction and pleasure.. Eron the .numeron; attendance at the meeting therecolde ni doubt that the object for wrhich they were assembled-had eceived the. approbation and concurrenee not only of the -officers now serving ia the different regiments comosing 'the Brgd but of many others who, though no'longer immetly connected with it, were still animated br that proper crrif dc corps which had always distinguishen the Guardawan& still alive to every.hing conmected with the irelfare and and honour of the te. Cheers.) t wa3 not ncessary for him to say much in reference to thelnbject which had called them toiethcr, inasmuch as the various resolutions that wouhet be submitted to them. clearly deined the object in viewv. and the mcde of crrying it out. But he was oon'fdenas they wo0ld be enabled to propound a scheme which would be, agreeable to the 3eelings alike of the'officers oi'the Brigadeof Guards who still ser"V: iit as well as ol those wrho. hess left it, and of the relatives and friends of' those brave. and gallant men who had 'so nobly performed their duty to. their country during the war in the Eat (chee s), but who, alas 1 had not returned to share in the honest p:ride and gratification of their comrades resulting from the reception given them recently by their countrmen on their entr into this great metropols and the hInd attention witia which they had been received by Her 2Iajesty in person. (Hear, hear.) If the project now in contemplation for a monument of those gal!ant comrades who fell in the East were carried into execution, lie hoped it would be on as Large a scale as they who survived could imake it, and that it would be a memorial not only of the. officers, but of every non-commissioned officer and man belonging to the Brigade who had died during the struggle, and one to which the men surviving in the Brigzde, us well as the officers and others, miht have an opportunity of contributing. (Loud cheers.) Field-Marshal. Lord STrn1roBD, Colonel oi the Coldstream. Gnards (who appeared very feeble), said the duty had devolved on him of submnitting'the flrst resolution. to their consideration, -which rezomamended that a monument should be erected to do honour to their latelaimented brother officers whomthey had'had the misfortune. to lose during the late war. He should not taLe up theirtime by any remarks in support of a proPOsition the very mention of which was sufficient to commend it l;o the heazrts of all present, except to say that he presumed u committee, composed of officers of each of the thre regnients constitung the Brigade of Guards, would be embodi .d for carryimg $ intoeffect. He concluded by moving:- "That it was desirable that some permanent memorial or monument should be erected in honour of those officers and men of the Brigade of Guards who had fallen in the late. Major-General Lord RogEyy said, he had been asked to second the resolution, and he need not say he did so with the utmost sincerity, and, he might he allowed to add, with the earnest hope that they would find the means of erecting e memorial worthy of the men and the occasion. (Hear, bear.) He w.ouldonlysayfurtherthat, having served atthe. bead of the Brigade durin the war, he was enabled to bear his testimony that throughout the cam1paig it had ini ariably sustained its high reputation, as he knew it alwayswounld do on anyfuture occas,ion. (Cheers.) The motion vwas put and carried by acclamation. General Sir F. BOWATE: moved the next resolution, tothe effect that a subscription be raised among the officees actually serving in, or who had at xny time belonged to, the Brigade of Guards. He said, he was happy in having the honour to propose that aresolution, and he hoped the subscription wold boeon the most liberal scale. (Hear, hear.) Colonel BRucrs, in seconding the motion, 2id, be was quite sure that overs officer present and all the officers connected with the Brigade, whether they had served in the CGimea or not, would be only too happy to join in carrying the roject into offect. Te.resollution was carried unanimously. On the motion of Colonel Sir J. HAiButrv, sieconded b- Colonel UJPToN, a committee of officers was appointed, with General Sir Alexander Woodforl as chairman, for carrying the objects of the meeting into execution. General AnOHrsoNI moved the next resolutioc " That the comnittee be instructed to prepare suggestionsto be submitted to the consideration of the subscribers at a. future meeting to be called as early as convenient." He thought it desirable that the meeting should have some understanding as to the nature of the monement. Forhimself, he felt that it ought to be bplaced in s pubho andi conspicuous postion in the metropobs, anri be worthy OIthe Brigada of Guards whose heroic deeds it was [meant to commemorate. (Hear, hear.) He added that, if so placed, and if the names of the gallaut men to whose memory it was raised were engraven on its pedestal, it would be the means, if need were, of attaching to the standard:of theiQueen's. army any number of men that the service might sequire. (EHear, bear.) The gallant officer mrade some suggestions as to the mode of raising the necesslry funds, and expressed his conviction that any sum of -money that might be reffed -would be cheerfully subscribed. Colonel iOCBFF: seconded the resolution, and said h had no doubt sufficient money would be raised with theo greatest possible facility, whatever means were adopted. 'Oheers.) The resolution was unanimously adopted, and On the motion of Colonel Sir W. GoAsr, seconded byColonel DRuMsomD, Messrs. Cox and Co. were appointed treasurers, and iAeutenrant-Colonel Hatton, Lieut enantColonel Eielding, and 3Ieutenant-Colonel Haygrth rwere to be requested to act as honorary secretaries. A vote of thanks was accorded by acclamation to his B:oyal Highness the Dukec of Cambridge for presitdng on the: occasion, on the motion of General Sir Hnxii l3sBCI,. seconded by General BRAiu.rD. His los Hcgzess, in acklowledging the compliment, said, whatever his occupations were at that time-and they were somewhat arduous-he had:determined at all risks. to come there and preside over the present meetin,g, becausehe felt it was adutyhe owedtothe hirigadeofGuExds,whose services, probably, noman was better able than himself to appreciate, having hadthe honourof being the commanding general of a division in the East. (Cheers.) He could lose no opportunitv of expressing the sense he entertained of their great merits; and he was sure he should but irl represent the sentiments of ihe brigade if he did nc,t add that they made no distinction between themselves and any other regiment of the line. (Cheers.) He maintained that the, whole army performsed its duty most nobly (cheers)at that moment he presided over the meeting as an officer of the Brigac of Guards, and in passng the resolutions they hadl just done it would Nsot 'for a moment be understood that they meant to say that therestof the army had not as nobly discharged their duty. (Loud cheers.) He cordially entered into the preposea made that day. He did so as one of tha officers connected with the Brigade of Guards - and he was sure that the officers of regiments would not think there was anything exclusive in the proceedings atthis 3seeting, when they sought to. do honour both t offscers and men who fell in the Cimea (Ctheers.) 6 V - The meting then "seprted.'-
SALES BY-AUMON- -- - alro;pihL Greenwlc &oXi4ii2 dOtherStoiek $1 1 jBSBS. EVERSFIELD and HOMNE* . honoured with ctionsJromthe mieeionee6Orte rlch HCpital to SXLL byAUOCTLO-,' at the Ste 'rDewIttmenlp i DAY, July 22l, at 12 for L, a qntizty of'tseffl STORES; co. s-glAtzfl~ oblue7roilez oats, Xwcg and,rousei,a drswem0, atoC-e in.me ru. dgnnel hat", lroc inaroe t-op 6tUcks ter: bca's. aid. mets] actnmeioce mis conie astrdhoes alssa qsn't.tj o:f lrsno?kbraws, anld eoDpOublos2ging to X~s woAis' Dearthent. Maybneijed one day preslong, and catalogules iad at the oilices of 't ,S rdandlnspeetors of Womkg:: and of the au;ctioncacs, 40, BarllamentSireet, Weï¿½cnsteri end CodlErcbonge. - - IDXY-~~ ~ 12, a- Lp ti0CTAAMHOLD Wble livesgctnabent, ,5 ~ ~ ~dvsouiia,stm ,t .atyaar AUCTON4i :a themartSELLr at the Maot lOb b-rst t 1the runuoum.0~s aold t t Tcnï¿½o` perr Juldy 2, ate 72;,Xs. 21-t a2 lA 2tand2.1 HrrIt-sret, helw&an ettomoo wxeetntonth Odeah f l5WY. 508dper Paticum;alrars ontaxMesa, Walountn sot Sonm,1,So% e mptr ee,ad HaWmozsmo lth at the 'dart; or of the auctloneer, 2$, Poultry..I ~ - ' ReTersfonto&Tbl giblo liaseestrdaenute IIP~~~~~SM fX8,5 r PETER BROAD.sl ELb XCIN Of te Eecutrs f th St lf~ T.B, Hlls thelldbit5 oder 2,tESIDENCE of 11 nome, and gardeasfaof an bkdeIgtfll siutt eversodbw-eraelttoM.Ah aaren of ï¿½Z0perm t 1-9ehofdrent Patiuarn fofm:Smt Anndoui otiest, yb&- ontedatb tho ar:of o h a uctioneerr . tioultr f MBR. PETER B A3 l L bAUtheOMal aTo-e ortr T-oro uy23 t1. e2,222, held. foabost 250 yoemausal goo et. yevee.-at euliait and eatslagueao sl at t he_oro Math ref S utoer Poutry. AmuilR,lPETeERve SRAlD joI twoLLtB brY AUCTERION, atit Mnt Toesorow, atth arlTomrrw Jl 2. at 12. ot1 kc..near Uion-stret BoneuThi roftr ï¿½700 Cet l andulreWo tbje 7.dr,adthe teduedi eqnualto rebod. o, ha ngeoversionto fonpe-hrdetulr,000alik PSotoh,Aplrecseivbeonrte detlyibuof anldy thed whol lea orc, payticugr tmxso tclad conditions o ..ase e. sobctr, 5,s theM-n,Stadatrh at; or of th e auctioneer, 228routry tbcon.t-ItAbstoluto One.-hato -tso h Smo 0.adt MB. PETER BROAD 'I SELL at AUTIeON,t the ar, o orrow. July 21 at 12, i og the above vhbelYRIN ATHRENE R1EuSt RSIDENCrSieutaZs and c 7diioamo alet tof N.y rer hamsi. Ear..icrs. oeand edtreets of Mer~sm Lioaerd ancx Hiarwood, tolictors,io-lane iy; at thelfart; or of the auctloneer 28, Poultry. investiept- WoueSale, byarder ofuthMortgagee. M Rt. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTON, wihu eev,at the Mint, To-morrow. Juily 238. at 12,a REL? IST. near compiso-etreetwine rough, mrodcing a exteannual retalo ï¿½12 usnd,, ftr all eopenses, a3 pacdrtes isop of lalinceter Is7d t~Ihejlxeeodr an rthge tenreetto eqal th freabold having at h owvenan ofr perpetnualrnea. bu artbl of the propderedhas meen preotductite andathe. whotlelet o goathermgten;atnts. ParHticulas adcotmteos; Of Stew& Maylsodgby Coeetand, soictrs, 4 Clueoren-siuar;e,t Bltnoofurye atc the ae;, oro28 aaciner. Poult ry., Nos. 5, 0, and 7, St. M, Alysra,Pera.T-e is-ls e dleuses,l withelrg Gdes-eneIvim.1odfor Inepa tt xctiAorsofuthe lale. ThjrR_ PETER. BROA il ELby sAUCTION, M at the Mart, To-morrow. July 232, at 1, inlots, afrthedabom eTHREItei-abuiltES IENCE22 Nabok. oan theamluet tof higlyre sPectbl tennt prduin ï¿½12 prer anu.Mo s nhnd u will let a Af sperannu Heloou o tr tgondrss h hosituatindi ptarticlaryoe;adhdbyfn epoety1go witemeop;-ln, cityn d at o fteacioor2.Puty Labloe Vreehold Estte 7bm-s!cing~ ï¿½00 per ngbnum: safe andome-l hnoldtebytdirectiuneoSale, byecrdors of the lt Mortgageee. in i1-I 11 PETER BROAD wIll SELL by AUCTION, lEat the Mfact, To-morrow. July 23d,, at 12, anlos FOUR wOLI ESfTTE oerpriseingdetwined fILAc.ry mESIDEouEe. etNosiv 5,tore7, tabnd, brope round, Nlr-ottnges,ll 3les tof rgbly-cbltevtendants of Peasr Wiloneby.lox so Lor, Cixfrde-tinn oetatreot Mort PTRBROAD will SELL by AUCTION, lw lte'art, To-morrow, July 23d, at 12,i ton lote,a FOURs-ls genlbtlgemnlyel tESI DENCOES 2 N.dhoLre-q9uar'o1,'ofthrlton-sï¿½120 pe-r anutm.,5 Ao immpactou Rou'e, .raton Janed teaet,aww redfor-rze sui5tabl fr antown relidefce aort9 yroessioatlo purposn estsh Aoac horHosesandablnd, Sofs.thetvalue ofï¿½1 er amnnupm; n Five Heus wirth. e Shopo. i Aldn Ita o-texrcellePanting-oad producing ï¿½917 per annum. Par-ticulars and conditions may bessbad W%of and Fish. Esol. 19 oct-tet tteMart: ord of the auctioneer. 28. Poultry. Rihmolds,b Surrety o heEectr of thealuatle Frathanold Estates. InR. PETgDER oae BRoA wiLl EL by AUCTION.tteGebEd on tth at To-morrow. July 210, at 12.r ? in lote, FOURYwl? sbuilnt,ueior. sWEmiR-deaHedVISkES Swith bop extndre 7,bproucing ï¿½24opes annuprm;sod2 Tcottaer,i-detached residencee Mted miand ree2,ye abmoiepc;let rghonlease, at fmenhals andorunting taï¿½0 ocper aninu.Hl fors dlongbtfrre loaltylwgonet. ParticularanIcndtos man ehd codtin ohe GrMouns.uesd 'Ribinon, soficitors,iCharter-n h,. olic-to5ure of . Fshear,leiw. ogt-street, Unodsf;o fmecJ. andurgh shquare;9o Jofh-eautioeer, Ad,beoltry.n o r igotactoer Kenifh-ow, rito, Ind vestmente oa dieto of the" Cort-ld f~R. PEIRG OAJi SELLLbybAUCTION well-buit -eIelREIENE. o. 7.c80,ond 1, onrWedn-etree.,Jl nor at yle.xfteforimveodit ocuaIon, ndGeahhose Brailresan.e EightLesehl Hou1ses. andsuibpstn toabeiot-rsideet.licoan.rjoade,al let sto oldngatsod oem nentlenanats.pod3.Sutt,gt17 per anm andum Foturt Houshes and Shos stuav Bcuodpae atsre. wannumo Paticuar bands ondition T fMsr.WanadSas oi beotait;ean at the aryhucineed2, PRutry Roicimond 3.SPultry.;Imorant Sof ofVlaleFehldRtts estat agnt IGeore-tet.i Ricmnsttd lyte?lrge M RJ.une PIGOweTo sale,t SELL, by AUCTIO. T the atybohe Gn.Richmonud.on Weticbovday neaeaF, July 30. at 12or2 i flt o Hr 3I soubstanwtia WELLING-HOSESal, withlarheopitcextaren.Sieloacbous-idrs shopstandtpreises 12t ctutges mday betwcedn reidence, and Mninerton, dowell btil dewelifg-hoavees, olt fyreehold, and p Hsnigarared3 neapr theuutyfrchinvestment d- apOlk, oano secuinga housesmfor occuptifon two thind oeihfu ctloclt. Patartiuls and conditionsxaybbd may the haGarteyrehoundInv Richmonddo Henyofrd MEasq. solfcitran ~~~~~Beowand Pricer. solicitors,.3 efr-o ;o hmsHye l1w, Stoq., arcItct 0.Jon-tret.Adlpi;and of Mr7 . Piggott. auctioneer, vle,ett vaue, sttean hus een, eogesreet, Ri chimond,-Surrey ; drlao uritrey.-0Avb~o SecoI , Linaent-o. andCumpact Cp. o _IESSRG.OXTsINHAtct .il tSE SEL by A-CITO-, -VLIN at the GrmieyhoundIo A u.y Richmond. fon W tedsuperiorJu Smith's X5UR3ITUR ithn eubleantia bultrerldetince, consch-hgouse, condlee dawing rtoomed leitp on ersedto Par.ishian data ï¿½it ertainnum sirtuate windothenHg Stree, vtort leae.nea thet ralea stabion sodthnbe gharves oner teb bnksofb theTamles,o Paerticlrand Condistasionebmayd solctos, D3. Ponultr;andof Fmbr.idgeota Bauctoneter,valuer,and estat agen,Geo oe-sreet Ricmon,turr n feya. MRS RSGGOTT ilSEL by AUCL ON by t AU TION rhonu Inn, Preichmond. Weudaneodt~s July 24. at 12 for 3 a Fdg etsHofI deacheda F caMirsfa anSdESE known cais,hmebyhouse, ~~~~~~~~with coc-os,sal,mn ag iee arblen elsby~zE- hoy userisosustantihallndt sidtmuamtemida btwee Gtiramod Pandfrt Kntony losedtod the beautiflageuitt of ADysar-nus and Hlio,eeaml Seth earsb theichurchandre Rbiemnd-pGark and aving, an comeoun- rightfo twohead Rof cattle Pxodsre,nartiuasanodtion maytbeon hod at thy Greyoutd at fo 1ihmnd ofCtY tHenvry BiperrdRe..dsolicitor FUbRNIdgRE,ofccn enstbgow Arband Tour-policto.s and Stcondrbedbuildi ndhngsLinroin'-, ;atd ofddir. ogpot. wauctioneer, vraluers, esae r and houseagen, Godrgo-Jtreley, Rchond. Surrey.rWachs,-ad r1OPLESSRS.OEN,adHARD ING EL wM SAULLIOy onth Premises THt DAYRms1, Jtruly'2sa chorI, the superior. modernul 2UEITdI, ind excelleny,t Ipreservatin consistin mofea coplt drawing room suiteLR, veein bariohsiadm, wiaelth crtag, ins for sthree,windw en suaite, ey eleganuatm gdithmrl gmtabls,wth noble dinin=ro chai nd, table, bookcases; ind th&oes1D bd cambersivery waelegan Arbia eeedadhning s,wtthe appr.oti ftb'opriat bleAdingh wing ubed, and ulna aderob Wes,droawersneu, mablMopn otervV tahO dtayd dressding, tables chavaloaeahd atelthlA rs.etefrntro h Vonarybeucablem F~ehldinaetenhna, Eltamq50vl. of oon,th dMesiResust and nARD eru effct SELay be vUCIewdON body s ordirgofthcad_,,tand c~ataou had; walas a Tins. DAY,nJ ati olfies.32 Oxfrd-tret b narrhe antbcot. )FRHL (ler illt,Davso-pane Petembisredg ene Vla, Bywihcacr-hapta modeernFrnitureran ffecd-ts.oam bu lUESSES. OXENHAgetherWitll SELL byta AUChtIONy ï¿½VLonthe Pemise, onthusay nhext Juoly une-1at 1 o th puntully te cpial modr uRioIW. ,inexcelen Xs.woarcendtion andsie gass,a pinofeleaonty sidn tabes,eia bib with mabeslb,rewood,leo,sd thertabls,tcuraiens,dneaglon aumc fhew engavingsft, hhath ; of A. Powell, F5q., solictor, Debenham, Spffolk ; edGar, -isbo's; and atthe auctIoneer's offies, 17. 1Hattor-garden. Vat-sAble Stock and Plat of a Varnish, Colouir, and Printing ink - ~ Mauufa`turer.-By order of the Administmratix 1 MrR JlURELL wil SELL by AUCTI'ON. uponi kYLFtlh-e Premises 21, Old Muntaï¿½ge.etreet. Whiteohappl, on Thurda J Wy and olwn dy t elF day, he TAI&l' PAlPPT inicluiding a 10-horsepower steam-engine. 40-horse power steam. boeie,- -ihthe shafting and g, grinding and maixIng is. rnin a chines coptqpan andi varnisih pWA large lead,giron, and liciters new iron kg,weighnug machine, he,, 12 taovsofdry anud geqw -j IOr, 6 pIPes of- il foote. S cwt, of white lead, I~ ton'of gum, 100 gMls of catsup, household furnitur,cutri.na ttna o blinneecrus effects. -May be viowed (tba mitchinesy oinmotion) the day n ous;and mornings of sale. Catalogued had on the'peis. of. LI, rouht"l BRq, so licitor, EalLconx-equate &aedof ,.Muel,n-tinlr.kl- albrook, city. - - - 'RbrlglI Rub,iesf, Cut and Carbuncle G~amnetis Bouton PeaR,, 40111and- -5Qmove French Og-motau and MWarble Clocks. Gold Hunting Watches NeOck Chalarf ldies' framelledWatches, RubTHangY4 PatentLovr* ~Micakee, rrpaerae ndother Effect. :, 1M5k6, -~ICKSN an DAVENTORT -wl IF b SLinbyAUCTON,at h MatTIDAY, -July the M2; a to rmdanoeK AuaNslAo s enu. and carbunclegae, pt~rls, 4prcu~ or-ou marble. clockgr(ewaseo hcar very naneoe ndcritl), sx~capital. th wplate gold hontlnj gel-hulta warh Ib- Soxand- Mortimr), san engraved ditto b - Aibet,Besis-stod),.r.superior pztent-3ever time-keeper (br A Biloal a ilvr cronmetr bY. Margetts), a small-quantity of ielectro~ltetwreinte ad ofeesgvies cadepic-~tale dssrt and spaesso fnk a eegntte tay ta ndofeepee,card aokst anditacelua~o~c~ffcls ay.beviewe daypriorto Sle. T- SSR)3. B1 W &ODWYlk C41iODeRtS Txora bedding, shuts ot ~ -dt. lof VLth h1 ouulerli ragn tatg. ofer M&dolruay mreassd), e winow urtin;ani ernieg~soEwtood loo atodithg 4 Shation and-cohc -ind Cabarit, Iebord AUecy,- eaii Waokstai. No eou6-cTeltsa6WailnAefplaUoeee I, s.e.iolSod as.eiebt-,ti.bo1 -tCarton,cieltti, hay he Xaiewt nTi,ed~yand-msngo1. Crnatage.aa h peeas:aoto K RBowsadT . anderT. 22, RTlsro2gTb,ortn oret,e.sIj, - 3 gateStaton Strtf y, Eert. -alwygt, MESSS. H BRO1~ ad A. A-tOBERTS will SEL y UCTON. at theMss oEr,n Monday. July 28, -at 12, In 'COtt; funt'e.Ane acceptabl biferU -bece-riny mallt), labot e Aut Olgif FRXEHOLD a JBUI)I3jG LAN,D;jtA wimthi cas toftew mintetwalkt Sttonof the CimtF Statin Co t w na Wnta-bre, houee,Thelue wll avefrntage varying6 fridEom 510fet - 0 ee eahto welindtterod,Mes be viedd, and printed.nns-a at thRa ead,CIskt, urns-ae Hrotel 1 A.shltoen ofeD., B. -lingll %;X2e~a,- izes Arie*atzree morat te-star# ;at dn of -iesa Bo FrehLd Browdng and Ca 4glor,Srreg,nea the Hailwt; th HA. BROWN- an T.A ROBERTS will BY ELL, by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Mody Jl 8,aE2 4in 10elots bylaanecp4 orderlib! r u6slmde), abulyt,12are of FtLElIIJttBILIggee LA I2,-uiWaE wihINGa few mint wanek bopf teCachaltonStatuogjion est aroy.'blierN 6n tpom RaiwY, :radbontl lsa-r.rg Lndf;aon L!huetlotespill haete fontag vring fro ofteyr, vand f bu deirablPeysudt'u frdruhelds frsibdenes thyeisMagbgrounroobeint patclalfelty tyeveed. and 1rined Joniesr hAnd azgt, 01Cthe Melbourenc oel rontmyhalio; adof M1., tlien IesBrown HAEonad T. A. Roberts, 22,, Throonorton-stceet. 1~jfSSRSH.BO.WX and T. A. UOBERTS, winl AIVLk -SELL by AUOTIOIT, at theo Maut; enTliursdaysiy ;3L at l2 ro o liongborde A I thMsaemehoPlEDE '-O1 rood , sispn~d:apotio leMat, ton Tes tabe 31nt, at e2hobe grondren f 6C. eBh.D -Myh ie as rinTed paricllr JonSLL anbWigt AUolicors 9. lauene Puon Tnyhu;and ofl Messrs.12 inH. b Boarderu ofA Rtber, 22LTrgm Atnstrcct TT BlktNeiuko.-csWe Delsthuse. ljESSRS. . BOW adT. A. ROBERTS wfil M jSnf.f, by AUCO, at the Mirk on Thursday, July 31, at 12. -In lots. by order of the MOratdeaeh, d FAMIickYhulltDELIN(j.. terr lace, y luaei Stoke Newingn N,71s o? ton20 oppert annhe theoltbverenthaindixieidroein iner,aagoudrntf> Baker, of Meses,d Joneg and drainght soolicins, 9ra, Lmaurenh ountse, fimtil an tof Mani d.l Bcownand Tas, a.i maobert i - 0roB Isierraon, walegadn,bdfoa ion g Leterod,Ivatuent 1USd S retoHZ o. eRch. 'Aa bviwnd T.A OET wil. LadkSeLLra be AUrdO atd theart, son cthorde3, Jukly 1, at 1o(b eeocr H Brownhi anhd Te,A Resobenrta,d2,cohrneog aorto watrehousity iro-uerch7antd atr ï¿½10pranu,ad edfrabu 0yer.a iers,JnS ad riht H o.ctrs anrnd T outn A. l ROERS haess Sh ecrd and iaker,u.cioaklne;t andL, f Mhe ssrt.. rown andrFda, A.l Robrt. at2 nlttuxThegmnortonetrebeote. alb rvoalrweh vuuble estradNeyeteo imigo DHell;ing-hous peRsandl luilder'sa thee zoreLr ofL byartod etIO, abot themie fart,onthurDayrtJuyrd1 Rati, way lttons, yaode of thies M iortge, lomong bleASH EasTo faT3oES cmpessne- and iexpensive gcanetolyit wrhos,c-with count. inchouse ani lad9rge ornar&enloed y tiolrd ingcgte alontadinsing,t abed1 rcbaently -erecteduaxmrv.lcanss dwlm-loes, beong reoe.to 1or8 o to oodicluiove. H thope-talpeamet, ing'erod,IW~ Bal'-pnd-r woad;,h wihol held feOrk sabout90ng rs at boxeratle ground, rentr.aynhe loewd, and aUintedes particpulrssteofnMessfrs. gber ndtlaer.ie esolbicitrs, 3;, loaf-ane Stokabe fawing wthnoastldoues, wittosesswion,poterlookingth aned in loQists,byuorder ofhemoirtae,a houet achued AMILY ResEandCR al faout 7om, conservto and bgocudtieaticn aoutces lacrgsie palledgaden with oldne-hopse,ofountlakn,o wn-etxlsabe,Msn coadch-house,aldwanys grounrentfï¿½510,eac. Mace viwed, nd td pato icuar haMo MGarsa ShKr ao-nd rrke, solicitor, at3,o 2a. anwelln ofLu Mesr.1H. brown n .A Rsliioerts 22,-Chhnograortone-st Greet, cvity atsandtiom es earsth9Aie ~residPeneofvGeore."'- U.rEsR H. BRANOWN and SEL A.yOBETIO, bate Garr awW rton to$ SELL,'Jl 2at the fart o.n thuwdo July vauiable estaterof Wil reingtoneHall,ohicheisllerasatl sitnatern the way Sttin, avndgompiesfo aIddeat. comoraybl -ewemandino aaoo rate si,ondidso inexpenive sca. Le Gtyinelded inlaichtr nas-like-1 paddock,born;ameGalytmbered, and ctteaeontainsoeight bed cambers, dtresetPetngroom, ervnsros orrcpio om fgo pr caia aNEeBand wlld arEnL AUgig Coo,TIth tratethle, Mtbadg,los boxes icraey house2, a etrane lode,n allgu cotrsvaluabLeDam Hith wit-huss pl ttedgs wihopatn ko. ne, andix erabot7 acermlresof adt hiUgh uti tion about 3mpracres pare O tlanted withgldiengbu opne. trougfAwellknwn sexllne and whichthave alwaysigh domeetnded the highesatprice in the markent, coabionetwillr sthegveny likewseba eatl ther Mand: ofri plantaion situeat an n lthe voilacitrS Wtlmington. cotiin but1 ces lo ebick-uil CottAbe,carpertntesso Sand ofTtage n-orsalpee fln-h hl tof-tMracusell soiioan9d oemnre asndo MelseH Frw n .a.ndobet,3homot-tee,cy,f whomg card o slnew AhPrsdec maNehadBW (ncnnto -tihr MU~A RR. H. S WTA LT,O b AITSELL by thocar on T rat iTt uuE Garta1aI. o-moerlow -Juy ordro athe fxuors. ahel ï¿½snltDbWe dlong-HOUE. with eSapTal . conesistiand workh in rear.- d eld fo a ong term, at6 and wNrthamdprent. Patclr ga e ha o C.huc. Labow,er-q,a, oraintor,22- thanefory-ae arc-bit houyses Nand at2 the aucti, oner's mpoufes ,A-street ; ,n Phentpousvillter.reie in herea,wt oksosy. H. eTANTONdwillaSEL pyA CTIof, gatde suidtablew-holerletas private residene ortfore tenellets,athe maker's,g fo iddlsex.May wbeolsed andoparticularsz street, Fenton-nile.d Fod, n t FrEhLdIS i i reomc-tAedbv.oathepls Business-Premisesd 1~J B. NEWJof h ilatSeL by. . aUtCntIoNS at hthel by rt AUTON athurrway,a nWdedy July 2 a ateq 12gb, si ltuat SEVEH LT fFEEOLD HOUM,Dit plaegls-rtont sho,no, 31, thelix. cellecntigbusinessthorouhifare, which isknextoinimportn.cloeto the gh treet;win sthocuatioanPonaofeMr. Vincet, lcainwcetaker,at theavery low rnt o ï¿½38 hutworthï¿½3 er anum. oaub vietsedf Pra-tbo-d ar ha attheMat; f Mssr. acqes nd ayolsn,a slctors,om8, ~~-plsce;tKindo and Ftteacioersofie,8hrch-row,i Uppercostreet, Imprtat aleofvaltbe whleaseholdertated . srinadtuax.I N ap to-ELLac and dirmtenlbythe producin-L315 pe annum,iandhldsttri--fth-laow si'-.'M raten.tSEa mlots,yb G-.rrone..e trs nnn qPAUCTION L bAUCIO'edntesdy MaT, en, Tua- ,i lotz, TugPCTS~ niof o~b orderfthaeiExcutobrs, te vl- ICuaggWn , tITE, onisin o iv e p rserei denes. N.3 56,ad. th e NotaponIrae nearotr aTtew' I, , , ad , Nctamponrteet ad te pacou bul,erauprctiec inuth eroar-withlorkhop cards,ehelds kand alarge piete ofparden moder1anttegouan Oderens,ingonly ï¿½is Hfour thewhl property May the O nerewedib pauermsso of Yethev tenants,"Particulars, wth plans had Match the" S;ofM.Lit' Wal Iae,, otalctorv6 ew road-strabeRet;o MrOLDfT.reli ucioedDmerI, !Watboo inty; ands aftok. iewone orabces8, Chuo, rch-row,Uppersturee, auIsodlng ltlnon.tbMr countjuc:ies fofrse an temiddesx;th whcti e er;miexounexpited frt -Laud-Vat,attemcexeen.-4,,rmnm hln-a bi .ELeeeLSisdtirected ssby tcetHeiapps-at-La e t- cbzein dieiatoftrith of thelat7M. 4d. Prattersonh etoaSeLLmaybeol railay satin an PailIo-garensNort Wolwic,eachooidthaiong o Salcombo. Devon.-The prett and. ornamnental Resie_nce, Gadens, And Pleaaere Grud,called Woodvrille. PLWIDDICOMBE is instructed.to SELL,-pur- sinatto anOrder madtsby is Honourt li, Master of the Rolls incertaincausesof-"Yeata -r. Yeats." dated tie lithdayof March_, -1826 at the Ring's Arms. Kin93beid4ge,on ?tlday. the tab dayv of Aniguo 1856 Il o'clock In the afternoon, the JabOoTCr - dsrble ESFAl,,w ach wanfor many yars the reafduse of ths 3aeJTam04 Yates, B.q., by whom tha miansioni -washlt nwlh ic deth, hs, been cOnsdesalsly enlarged'at a9mv 0nenaldcrsle expne The house, with--its luxuriant ,and TbeautIfimdens, ahrubbere walks and Ilasr gruds ctainin In all abouatl acres,partly freehold and vartly leaaehch, is dlhtfully situate soDnmanding views of thu entrancee to Saleowiba irbu. the Bolt head. and-the =4,ndig~st~t and the enstaeis-In Itself ons' of the ettient mand mee doraue radenoeuintIIesouth of Devc,-si&mto te beuti1ful. aeat called the -Moult. - The famoug-barbousrof aeosbehe whWichi agmproachable at all tie, is at the 1oot of the greulnds, _W;h poert Is onlyl4 miles froma the RIngbnid ond Staton,.othe Son Devonm lio11waj-, and the market town os. sbridge,.distant only-sznIx eles Is accessible either landsa'water ~atLsir:bgrundsmaybhe -vieed y aplinonto Irr.FAoSdIe the occupIer, aLnd-theother do fMem&ac. Jan. TajlIor., Maoon.&d Tayis,, iOlttom 1 5,3urvl 'ml ollidtOMe 13, Old Jewry ;Messrs. bidandgou, solicitors, Portland-chambaess Greet TLcheep stree -adM.Geom HPlderi so0lleitog 3- raJaa-tet.Bedford' ~sow als ofMr. ercyHoei;'allct0r, -Dvartmouth- and of the SunderUnldWhar2,rinsae ai,HsfeirshKnin*d ,-Plant and Fixtures of% iS BiArl Manofaget ver Abeole.e and WhrSSRS. GR'EEN --ld -SONT V ill- SELL' 'b iV AUOTIOX. onthelprmneff nabr,,Faa uy25th, I1iulveey.-~END"a VH&&ebali-X_ew 2Ktha8Ial11inton. &nd5. Terr-se, IewNoljj_k-ea,ee Oaad taroahis id tbe TCr.be, g N&Maud5,Xin streeet-44nua, e*c.the,w.t Aido of NowXc- e zndvalise.of " 98 a ;bel toan unexpired' deemf 2Onag, ata-yt otX58yIEvraauusm The lineal. mayb e ' be tAvkoIL -R.lGg *.soictor. 4. atO wyAb,aoLkMr.. Hio Held 4% Gmat lSpSela.AL eeilOurd GOlnd&Ret of 37 peaznum'. eld fordS9 Oif l v ThOSiday, Jl 4 tL,itARO RUI .fLTpere aoumm,aml e e iihee.(.igO:jb Viepe6t 1 tr rm olta S6,.&c oai'n f~ o yatuablo Eni4hold In we1 In - thetnighbourhood ofOxo- eompcein li hoo%'Pith ahope behin No.. 8,' 9 arnd 10, Rarxttl,5eOUrt,!Yoe.Bas9n GeeSa-court, 1Ufordnt-see, muid No. % John'e. court, dwa etPorlmsuicqmare" let at eid.it amOundingto ï¿½20 ~erguiun Te hii60May be viewed bypermlacimo Of thenata cioce,16&Oxfrd-tret3at Gxauassay'; anzI of Mr.'Robe4rteid, 44. atMarlbprougls-etceet.reaIiipove ;MP. ROBERTRIDwll L, at GarrawWay, onTurdy.Tly24. at; 1% tn three lots, a LZASEEHOLD ;POET;comprualug Noe. 75, 7%, and 80, Mosnut-atreet, Gros~venoc-siuArle a nd Tnree Dwellingg in therear, being Nos. 2.8, sndj7 -Street's-budIng-4, let on, leazee, La considerationi of premiums, at TeM lo- rents amounting tOZ1lB4pe,' anuma, aneL held 4irect from the .Maruis f Wetmi-ter fOr unelxPlred tkirk of uowards of 30 yeaers, at istnd esi,, monting toï¿½i -6Per annum. Thlg property ehras 'a er deir.bl OpOtunity forlectrie lnvestment,,in4miuch as the mKeltZpex1arnum. The house. may ~~~~~~~~~f h .eetv teniants. Tarticaulas ma behaof beeso. Brgoyes,Clark ankd Mtlnes, isolicItors, IGO, Ox. Clefon-grdes, Wawictroa, MaidIa-hciL-A very superior xam-ilyz Reiideuce. with mnediaterPoeseison flM . OBERT REiD w%ilISELL, a"t GamWay'4, LT-on -Thmreds. Jul~ 24. at12- b~ re fteMrgge OFCC, stuat , toni-gardene, a bil OnihedIn Y ouprso ianner, tred containing ample t.commcufa. tio fo a esnly.Itcomprises twonobl,ndrawing roomnscommunicstngyfldig ooo,amsacIous diningroom,andandleant-boudoir or lbrar, tree wiupal bed chst2ber, two bavisgdraesin ro staicas, wll-rraned itcen ndocther domnestic otlices; small gamlanin he--ea, wth entrantce to spacious pleasur grounds. of whichthe. ccupir, o athis -the-%ijoining hxouses have the use, The esienc isof he stiated annual value of ï¿½110. asd Is held lor 50 eas a aglondren o ï¿½ Kr annum May lbe viewed, Particu. laema bldof Mesore. 1lsrtley; Southwood, and BArtlsy, rolicitomz, 30, Soeat-tet Pemn-qae a aeway's; and of Mfr. RoberRed4.Gra airoh-ret I&&sehold Hou;se and Shop. Ilangono. i5ISSRS. LOCKUWOOD are directedl by the Mort-- suo t lbmit fur SALS by AUCTIOle.at the rArt.oa Friday. next; Junly 25th, at I psulctually, the elxgible BUSIN'ESS PRZMISE;Ie, 6, Clephane rexd. Canonbury, Isllugtoon, held for a long ter"e at the tow, ground rent of ï¿½6 per annuma, andI of the estimat-ed annual value of ï¿½45. Mayi be viewed, and lelrticulare obtained at the Miart; o Mde&er&, Bicknell, 79, Connaught-terrace. Eeteeware-re A: su of th auctioneers 1. Ieriwsod-rlaoe. Hsdc-perk. and 44. Upper Baker-street. leasehold Residence, for lurestulent or OOrtupation,-Warwick-.roatd, Padlringt~o. M ESSRS. LOCKWOQ.D) have received instrnctions to submtt for SALE by AUCTION. at the Mart, on Frday next. JulY26, alt 1punctually. a.br-ck-bulltsemi-dletarhed VILLA.ER. SMDENCE delightfully situate and being No. 21. Warwick-road, Paddington, In ctose proximininty to Kemnetgton-gardens ; it Contains six bed rooms, a dresung roofs, and three reception rooms ; held for a lon term, at a leow ground rent ; has recently been put into the moot perect repair, and ofthe ee.imnatet an.nual vaue ofa~5. Haynosrbe vi-ewed, andL printed particulars obtained at the Isfari: of Miessr 13oys and Tweedle, 6. FJr-Plaec. Holborn ; and a, the oftloas of tke art. tloneer, 1, Borwood-place. Hyde-perk, and 44. Upper Baker-street. Eligible Leashold Investmnent.-little Olhester-street and Chesvs-- -sow,ev grv-suas produicing an anmual renta Of _1710. ENS-RS. LOCKWOO:D wil submnit for SALE by ACON, by order of theTrustees unider poweres of nse,at the Mark. on JFriday next. July,25. at I punctually, LEA.SEHOLD PROPIERTY, comprising 30s. 24.265, sud 26, idttle Chester-street. and 5, ilbeeter-ulews Bslgrave-ertuare ailt let to respectable tenants, producing ï¿½170 per mannm, and heldlbor a terns of which about 62 Years are unexpired at the inn grund rent of ï¿½2_8 per annuma. The property may hes viewed by leave of. the tenanta, and printed particulsr' obtained ot the Mtart: of Messrs. B3icknell, 79. Connau'hvterrsaceZ Edgewaro-road . and at the ofaoin ef the auctioneers, , Burwoodplace, EKsdo-parkn and 44, Upper Ilaker-etreet. St. Jolhnb-wood_-Charming suesnsn tial Villa Eedne with, early possesson. MESSRS. LOCKWOO]) are directed by the MalrtIj. agese to subomit for public SALE, at the M&art, on Fri. day next, the 26th clay of July.the superiorly erecetd detached VIMLA. RtESID&NCE. known aso St. G!orge's Lodge, delightfully situate and being No.20.Marllboruugh-bill, St.Jonewodteilhestposltion of the whole locality. eonmmendingviewsof tae surrouLnding country. It stands in a large garden surroundedby brink- walls, and hen, a valuiable frontage to Bridge-road, Presenting an excellent opportunity foem erecting an additional house: it eLuntains seven. bed roomns, dressing rooma, three reoeption, comm, conszervtory, tc.;" held for a long terul, at a groundret;t nlow let to Sir. 1logeis, at the low rent of ï¿½1I05. estunated tbwortualeastEI25 Per annsun. May be viewed by leave of the teunnut,and prInted particulars obtained st the laxat; of W. MA. Benett, Req., 2, Raymond-bulsdlngg, Gra3'r-inn :and at the offces of theasue- tuoneer 1. Burwoc'd-ptswo. Hyde-poirk, and 44, Upper Baker-street. Leashol WollyCotage, Backrias-rad,City-road. and Borough. rI,R. ILL' prioica SA ESby AUCTIO-N, at ALtVI.P- Garraway's,Jl24,t1 ons L% cositin of 20i.at1 o WEKL CT-z TAGI'eS inMtrin-sinetand Gul.on-stret: loNne~ atito ine Been-- etet rar-ntcest, ve B acFriee-rold Housdit, In Stew-street, Weonglane, BorotghDealsord8 iarBrick-lrne,aSt. ruke'e. Partndulhesaattiar oafices. and. Othxf ctoeeordiss39 Ofrdsreet, and 26,w gNew-useay Freahldoa d lasehoLd Hooe.t Victoriapr,Pte,adfetod %YjR. MILLS' ait,cud hs eidca aeb l,TX GAructo.a away's, o h 4h fJJ.a 1 ot Foa ,adncdn-ak lofu Laeod.hl direct fromd freeholder, aigh of Vellas nerBaranocPth ls in eel Cotagbes,wearteabvla;'eh HoFeour d wsret,Wllt%intoon-tret Detod.Priulrgtarrrawa's, ed the auctio offics, n 36 t Oxford-steet,ad 36.on NintonNewway raceels,Ol Socent-ruonad, vereeinwich,an Cmerw in rrsRfo IL S' periodi S ALL by A O.aCtIOhe at- o Wednesdaay.-Su Ju 304. at 12,aPLC foer1-A oo efLfectRed in hOue atexter'ndIveneral'SS lit. lease,e noear iringeSun, Old oenthe Cambeareof Foubr dittuoin Wtheslleo-sareet ierditt thnin t io Iota, i Ypear Quen-street, neari CambeCfri rstatgee alofiv veryth Aneat sixromedm 35ols.e Particulgar- royd.-a hreentichePartiar at Georswae's nand at the aesonsets's25 ofloes. 00, Caxford-street,n 3e. Newy aolnd-ofaM. eWarto,ay oerademeaet ,Uincut Valuabe Rentli' of ort ï¿½1.fO ter aramitfora an1 Genera ifbReersiuon lIAR,C. W.RTON is directed bY the 'Mort-gagees RtL ID fr at t"SLLbyAUCTION, at the Mar t nWdsa ,4: on30 Wedn &wel-esdycure.at1,a ROLIAY tee 4' 000 effecte ridn them Soli- yederabandewhotinonoweinla IWeeorssnf;stateeof health,pAnnunllpro. tandwoflM C. Warmton, auc,tioeerve and etl ag enpot,,Uion-ourt,ex OldtroeandA-street,ronoed from-greedneedtle-oreoftheiyprl Secre entl o abut 150perannm, or togess,wthe ameoerainto * I n it years t nearly ï¿½300 eannum. oit4,20 WA i Nis direted bytetot-a-e 8 Lby AUCT'ION, at thei Mart, onatesa,ui 0 at12 co', in well-stcuredItREITAo HtOUSErSror rsu rmacn sidrable estateiof nearlyt100 houes, factresndsos,icldn the dwhol-e ofeWipmot-aena reheoroe, and0 ae larg priou o ssx sereet an wrd An-stree, Bethuaf-greven,wihI af mil ero h it,prl ton-oRthpr. rsaeo hc the purchaser b wUCIONb entild Bethua-ren-rert; on Wed rgesda esJm3, Req. 126. Cnollee -it Co,aL Annon-stereet est and ofaMdI C. Uaron-rv,7, union-ourt,hOd road-o stheet ralemov ed romnu Th haneldlfxe lngtemofyeetata.o LroungLeasehold nvestew;gnts, ShoculandoResidncedsof r. Wiam. sU, slcir e-treet;adEwr-eros n daat t 'sq ucron Cartdoan-doat Inlicten: also eroedbGound Route o 12 e. enm PIE.C WAIdTO i s O dered DSEto L by th AoUtage ON at SL byi aUCTO, atteMatan Wednesday, July330at1inIt, seeal Lteet,SprOLDcingAnetabou utï¿½0 er annSum;eihtark nuseswithsopdse den~cs intedward-sgare, eac of the value of ï¿½ e0 d annum, adapted dantl secred;alsobleasnehod housesand shop, oTh-strlet. an ing'sdcro,. poduingabot ï¿½00 er nnu .Mab v-loiewed Co, and pri lace hd solitheMar;a 1.Cfthe SutrtonF Arlmstt an Dk oici,Hiond stavetBrns aeougan- arod;of eorge3 Wrigtma, Esol. ianictr 9 , lweCel legnte--hill, CaunSn-erert,west, city;an,o Mr. C.rp-arne; autioneerW and esateMr agent,o7 Union-c ouretret, otwk stresdeedTHISt . Old ara-t resret, ( em moved fret the thnenMart,c o Wensa,Jl3,a 2.i n o,aLAE griundstoesut. Ma tons A ndrriuac band fM.Jb Butlery. soltr b ole-tret t h ution ar;ndtM. Pillhestreffces,44 ctyo. -tet.Suhah in Leaer- id rseholdPVauw Estates. lel .PEAKEWOR byodrdt EL yACIN ky,L -AUThel art onWdeda wJl3, a12.3nlt, seve fral LSX%EKOL ESTATES,y situate i otwr and beinguidaay. neadpthngiuLthe agrgIeï¿½6 Bt aee nnum od at lowe-ground roue, aricuarsobaind o Mser. Sme, Tendle and S,2 ,andi-' land, soicitrs, 8, Pnchrub-tree ; 12esss.Ailuhby, Ce io. an ï¿½1 467, or thereabouts. Each let' ed. by a aeara e lae zaind mos cases diret fr0mthefrebhojdge- Thlep prmesma -be viewed atrmet, Fiabsory at the ba.ens36T r, AUC~TION. Tofthe mum. ShIv, Brighton., Th ey,lal ollecto fAtgai.ofHnySiadEr Ins COLLEMllt,,O~ ~ p,le xear n Esq., bontalndng M117remarkably fte aid ex ssediigrare apecmens of the greatet in e rt a g th dlffsemt -odsjemaybnts(h followin Eglimh a]a ete,fcsaeeyy toSesxnroeowsthe Freenclr S4c,6a. Sorie..; TIll Meres believd to be eme of therot eyeryanembe -ffrolal itod alslo an exten- Uouse. of Eur-pe, nom re.,g asiWgPaWa- Bulls, aomening with one of Alexaner IV_, in 1553; Rli-itorahwoadnls Including, a*ionc.tke w,=Re-b formieaand Laqued Men, Ai.WSger sll 1"to sg.Ie,PolT=in -PeterMartyr Lesn, Cavin; -Lather 1felan - Eaoer, Seahlgw, X-et-kas~ and HM(badam - p4alteni% anfd- artlt.' frm Mcrlime Angeot the etbn*.;4gish IioOtsAddlsou, ,Akengda, umm, ym oh ; 10~61 Co6vvra, Yleekne Gra op,ot,ndhestone togte ib h;stkrg-o theMlitesand tameof 5glandE-ani'asc, larloss. ~JV17fSS SP L.A and1 SP EN(E WMl SIELL .a.-byAVCPOli~t beXksakuThur4Av,Jdj2.i1z1 . .aitte Matt; of Hesaw-2flebea and Cbek4i lT~ ~JESRS; SPILL-MAN:vA&~ BN~i1a,. tUTONahe Xsrt,-n Thsursday.-July ~24 atU3, i two. lot. eï¿½eseiv PiEEHLDlRE9MIZl0lo. 6, in old] foretlas Tuo kSrd drs.-X vaitwed. bartlck-usaite itir 10 4 bad at tls 1ES &SPILLMAN and SPENCE ill SJlULL b'UTON,sAttleXMat, onThursday, July24. atld,l.cspite.I -soeundCA'RCASSTHfiorO and BroDmied houses,sx bkving shopS;-Alo.- the ufiiik Armno an;bsalanLIa ad iesoigtatre erm well f4tate.- in lBnmawic*.pl rQUaWic.road, antd Wbitting. an ndntolelocliy;verall held for 00 years at ow'rsn rn. P1artienar an o ns of"3a9MthesmartofGer ia,lb. soIlicir,3,~ Siso-l%ne: Jas, Peschey;~ Es; siolictor. 37, Ss~qes Tleeisstr,eet:and at the auctlioeere' offioc, 441 Yiell-YArd.;Teinplsbmn UesHollowsy.-A con"patt-Meaebold Ertte of Seven attractive :O,ttasellesiene-s,.Alike ellibe-fowccotonorinvaetnmt. -MESSRS. SPILLMAN and-SPENCE- Will SELL lotn, r & emzr*ablymeat COTTAGE RSD'B lotj sitate an be 26eAt 4410,2.54.Sd,and5M in r swick-road, neaytb.weittlndto Stolicna,-Upper Holloway.-. ally-erick.tdoilt ndellc-plusannd, vechontal runorialnzs room. for-trnse, foe-dourt, ]OCRse lataroandrent. ofI acs ayeiee. n ,alclu andCIO Xadto.ofslbd at the Mar' nTuaty ofl Georg Cat 2 ivlsle. ee solcior.t iselae; ndat the aruetIoBrneesw' ofliaee 42, Beul-yark, lir-h-enndTE injnan icp for trade ï¿½ tlortrad hermdlora loo tyn atsen-nurent. aeiwe ud .11ESSRS. SPILLMAN a nd SPEN CE Win SELLb * YAUCTION ~ at the3Mart, on Thursday uy u12d.at 1,Avalusib cEartaigdLIo waledgAT-e, oms,gingy the inte.nded~ul*ingNo&l, and Tavern, knon as edtherBrunck Aowrmoa, aRsubehitneoaleat tonpoti teuzat- at welstlse aot theg crtro XRnls prawicu-p, eaud&hdd sde- road earthewaY.- Atralstble Lat ppr old oa.alcaiy,ik I=ngntthedrisa tiepoarts,anie doctrbadefoer foruateo rm invest :AfESSRS. SPILLMAX anid SPENCE wil SRELL bt. by AUCTION, at the ar,On Thurisda. J017 24, atlO 1n by los.irezno dtreto Aor thees Mafrtegs.PU ustno ri-o rofy etandlerng waledvatos eosta,eegbly lsituate, and belgingNos,1, I~ anpd 7, in Wstfiel-terrace, U ower-ooad, Honb hthe.rs let to satoodt ï¿½3 I eah huse Ma bevie Edmonaticor nd. odton tl hAdat t`re Mart oufF, ritdayB,,Asolictor L 4 t ahne llsre cior.ne. -OSiel-IIsn; &atth BUtLDINGr, Lfie,4,Bl-ad "ppe oloa. Akvn valuabet leonageh ol Totatean Twoeo e tcelln newliodern Vilarteiduarsiteshoal oe eordbtenfroophno net ff1JmE-SRS. SkPIdLmertn,- andb eSPtNDf E win sE:CMI, diretionof he Mrtugee d T n exeletgd. DNI1t Tottnehatnmodern elvtions,os andreabl situae, and beinGroues. Prndd2.albugeOnterae,= Uper Roloay, fon ther vierof Osl"thcoalde-rl they aretesiobtntay brieck-ut,ann accytan igteceln roM, AUs-IOa doetc othies well oFrdaybd n Au ttsd wiaUthSat vn-esu:3 have for)evurts groonds gaproacens, ,and agardensanbte resar, hel froder bigparotl, agtss for nossly 09taears, poguseu retshe ï¿½ eadi ,ch .ay bIenstewed ths rtlirelad loality; is owstei hoad ate O thema oft Geord Carvbo Teate, rsolw caitor.u. thuse-r,ane:i. raostr Teli. tlbleort. 2 anials-lon;i bmdatzepnotipon teera' mio offcs4, Breellnad tempe-. Suews-isarthe Edecutornt .LJat the Glart .t0eFidy Andoess otn the%y three most v aluable comer LT Wn ola IrOOEHALI) laUIeDING aNI) wadone the Os oe esta% te basing isisPertnt01 fratag.ehs to Totand arndes hanedtomte elatcdn timepiectee,rwtox,a vigheet orno Freehtd and,,opy,cid Tran and roop BuildPingLtd RJf . MRMAYKEMTTE S il E aik largeqatityasnplnna nwb ada hoofcs OdJw ralmabed freehWoldBidn ad,nateTothaIalsy l1)311. mi-lanMfUEMTHW s-l EL loEnSo w FREE ELLD b LAUD onth h throdeaigrP - Tu.2,indfuwu and pans maI o h1a1 a h ofcs Ol Jwr.. c,fnolenrvnsa oi producin bonlease- P..30rper hannusom Iorashorttr,wt osdr able. reiscrpointr execancy.are egm varionsalualeDffets TObeveTdtheWSWl umtt R.J .STVN %ff ELb AUCTION,athMatoFrdyAuut1altatvy -ista high mi, mat ag-reeun, Tsotenba,tt possestng altM the Frdayct,o gen tlemn' redstaliGUShment,an ausnd cosidre the snormnet moapke r- ciudecini thisrdavubl-red loaliy in es witintou apmieofthe. ityandj` fo subdiviTesiong inbildinacplote ounthe e,xpiration of arsnt t-ecPair . Parti. bouzoe adfiplans art o andhws iased s Old vJewry fie ToYb Siewesterrerr Cape Wre,housbeosso,ndDrpes 0.f0 aviarichsilk, glra. and satains,g0yad rihppio, yadssituivea luea s,r500 daren hToean le,asoobgsprt flannels, Sze. o0~thes.L o h nadsewy iad,ad00bnhsons roos,0s b Bploeonapito. t Cal . W.DE sintuce y t3e ExeIutor2 pto Lat-cI'l OFantby UToN, we-eithout resere,itheaLgde Am atd thecorlobe H otel ndolerh ond Friday, i Jely 2. t goldasil somk& e ntedlsgatnsBOOdtmasks larges moandI= wuaroble, S0 rl. rch boots.b150 onoisrb ond lae, goled wlaze, chuso, adptinkets, hndmeont eicb t-d,aad-itiepiec, wiathd ao vaity of eogasgentain -idut brus effe halate h sopert ofCr.Dsss,eoaed atl gues ma b ad obte aucftioner-c4.Nrtsh Brook-sreet, ewbury * il[R. GOO AUCTsInONctd oSEL , OnCTtOe at e obOe-war, in2a2rad O-mrrow. July te23., at a largIel tuntet nofer aRO llind ETRNSPORT coATTisogn dremoied from sWtooinih walnutatnd osol plans eals, chteffns, seuateof ZrW~INSwl l SELL by AUUCTION, e n the Peie,o hsy ToUrowe, June o3d erat ings. a few6 oil raini 50voueel booig ots, beloases psanfori&, handsome boar-dolt AEAsDOllrA.bYlsr0 cabe. al, pten uange. aren ngie,ironbrller,dcuers,cons M~ESSRS,ama BeRadOOKth aucineer BA ar ntutdt if. ..ST ES elSELL by AUCTION,a arwV n hria.Ag -it 12, ate valuaeblel and5 Rifles, and FislColsbaD eminent maLTer n clud cmPiing fcnrnbleutr gwon inaes, with dwpparathuse, four sindl dito, he inge rfle, asIler-ouned evove pistol and, yepair g cases0, brtardoguEs,Bct aunde polishegms, nobereosmin ves7-, tracors,acsdtber,-4.poweful ewt Soerveoice, ind ai Rieciie's atentin loomotie andOtte Stea cobses Of tse -Of miseedve telescope dining tables, carv-ed sand plain dining roDom Cb*irs hiunge couches, -nd ennigcb Vrincaet, moorocco withbrulimitp ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ fuitte .I.A.sirtrm. a or-,mouean bedinneIw obe fe Saisd-ao Miaiel. Bsex~ leTeehttiala",Land Tax Redeemed. MIw'WUBTURNE dis nstrnwfed,fo SELTi by AUTJ-- will be given, tile :uzTcGEILUï¿½cRS7r A=fF conastï¿½ subatantia kad-oosfortablo farm.houasbrs tbls 5f oss ate lodges four-lalsotrrxsvcotes game eoe cottage. brick kiln,- -ith 'anesbundantsupply of iwe at,eotrn bu 9ace of arcble grcsm, 'woqd;'and; ho lisi yn wtanrnlenre of souciiAn -.( taWble qzuaht du agodtS f Ot'aiebwtlaisIsr OPOrtiDo Of thri mï¿½~dA 'gtme htrn swladaPied -for zame, agurt- river iabiehth.are-trout,az aiso S am troulstrahm, 11stte, poni 'Rleis theear delightth4 -view. tofes arga0 fem nskea being about foer mlsdsatfo h ieue-ot tto,o h )Ca,eld,DisiotlOilBorough,-Hatib t2-oes 0ebde tlohers an alpraser, 14, ig'h-street,oru,-enn nda PFERTMEdwalltaske plaaee atd G.mwaz, THiS Ay, at 12 for 1; iua SPA Xe*l& wlogoau.jo *il -o25 .LZ Ij * ~. Pourome of rs,C6tay of toIe-Abaae*' quld!Ur4of 3~~~5&dW',5y, jHatamerssson A&.,iteb.d GItAeatiec-w oet*, 1 (lhrebncr - we. * To ll6OAs,ardroes6xtaktersassdtiet rt.eso malieft0lre. Us m Oends and Clrawin irwnl VW'T b tt,&C4Pnt&1tOU5ta of ~tbse.a e =ccOoear&1ue diztt k 0etek berV1 e roineod bla'~drtlcs.$..m.l-lobra--o olineyctu Mrb.e c * n gas ". o Mc asrhroLtn. sVI P]310EG00 wili SE LAK ThuisdzySext by12 i~LUtbe-lfA3 onGE 1'smiee,of BCOe-tleeIr-- Sow ea *e3iws Ilasreday. ,hayusuat1 lb byegd roof rtie Aytg2earvedqusaivyood )EMtLE LAB, bock, aleruee&ranibey,lambs, n5 leaudmbiarzidam .eheypkc,oesgm,,~~~~~~~~~inbam,d-Un etu daenpollbn a15,hioe. eeel tea dayin asairotr,anxl conushaSkate May bviawe EEKe WM catLogbey A ad aD ION auctineer' ofices 45 'THISery DAY. a,.2fr2 h3sprD The capallocnter l bede chmbers aobd`e,o,s~ing xomee&ed the 9thica,, bee~let Rffthetworlewhjg rygj mOdrn ooksee 'wrdbf, ond tbey1 candO artircles T&,m3reriow nraheIa~ore, hrt roo a ems ges, sd drawi room, zoibar,tes 15 fwserand o1aher orziclHal iba~rtiof, benooks. ofeture, l V.bien,abad y,ataloic,. owide tharelbee,articu:r wil l,e adUcesnd:es-. ti-eFd ootre -eho.d $ij)ppeflty 'et W. TR . ALG WOOD wl l BEELLn TuibdyxsCTIO, at12 ardTris tees of Mr.II Roert Yts,htofatheoueioeo Fhos Mowelahs MErrigiclioteuul beCOD WI DZGrOUSE aztllg'ldartedy Wgos. oor 3d4g , andcha frtimaas1,buitaings Ho St. lbseoiiarpis, -rsesrodabovesse ana Ufedt w tombe tol.pd'b- taL idecaad., on lbe ad1 W br,aeenaus DaeportD,OF by Elgoodts Cof Ese, 1*1,acres of Land,ta adethed is a.ho be .Ol earae if Ariktiondee&. tLi.onthEaen.lrorpels,T11A~a-, o .tesro mode' 2UB at10buRfoieeechbesaa'isigom5e, broXre, en ande urse~,pae rmls eves ofy hl*ge assd glass,r and tOeusua eustso h nsespearo,kthn C jorgsee, patdeemlaforusoh~~,ada h scs, n c Mesrse-oboe-alley, sa-tet t Lte. hrdtc,bills offiem Iro -Frehold Pholerty La~Rwrie.andWo.oD BELL SyELCTO bywthuCtIOes, at. .Tthei hrf. omt,nFidame je nYdy, J'g 5 t..b drcinlteEeuT 5atoc 12d for I eec of Mr. thbe,rt eats, late I of th o ig, am STOIcrlin 3.1,5, acond I i. lu'sbout1Dinets H'sor-e-e'aed-anle me, St. Leonard' storedkitchewnt lugsrolo badconyaian, Theweoleu producing ai sacL Paie Foremin OeRan Woters eDIor,n "5th errember,a1in2. a F"a giroond retouei ï¿½13 pernnture. Myeiwdbapialnt h ese an R.aiulrHEAdof -eei GesondSn SEL A ngelTrous, cit5th atythe tsmsal orof ce.W GT Ato1d.aucionee ?A aiTdX lea ater otlourlat Su rrey. Ye Bos rB uret J Auctoneo Wednea ul 3,hm beenDSPSD Pb PrivathereContrc.Seversal oleges avid about .x aces f and, aes. admFndnegverisd wlfbori tReA&oLteF 015 Iers; Aut.oewpersi Bi ankrupts' tc in smallwllle~ ctedlbarythf booleo. n azzorlita condition; Ea eapt-l6 oa-e irma SEtd(laifre'a by .~ Tmion,i pThursbay roJulyo24, awthl,b carvd eroflins the a fees te.efcs-hguie propertyoa artdtprayble- Srdte sdnEpgiia,vrtolardmem go salpoe,andfal ntes ba&tn appaheratus;large bo- ers,a the too, anctious, forged paier,an 43 ford-, 2., and hos Liigow-ger en. egns trsa som Jceu.whMeels, Trugh an at rntock ifXsr.imr ntrde Sons.,f AesseS,Str.e aBJLOGG -rafonde, endTI aren(Era ectedib3s. Fell patculars of whirh windb Sovns (h Am aisguerom bIuysl esintin Toffce ue"liverdonhuite Har Hoel. C,hewhlrofed at thei auTirnKer'C offies, Inworibhac.haisad ond thCh-bgtcassh.l boll. assregadsqalt Tof Irold,ntges, aioeocllaundea owbuilderns, ps toea comangs Maegu- variey of veryacsiturerot Deales,end thErs,ldlgsrng t their har. Couserra-ltane 'Upper eThamtsoireatts rFiday, JTuly set wih br2 forts aidpreiel,the, rioemainin -elatic H Ecof thed rssetC vinh comrisng bot 11 slaof tov ad rngemeaml, eg istr elowsApo;e alrom twot 1c eetowedigiuedy acine.Andlte lsurl lx-,so Turs.MaNh atwe the Maprt,T-orr, odaJuloyu23h.iat 1the follrw. Ingdileofirbes of ThIeSauin eieght o th mealrade. 21,_- CNlm 7 S .-utre, Paintrtingsp in eICandWternColore, luerot t2rEgerarinr, gsoanl Lirant of pooes anam ran pairof mldtcl byTomideoc,an aos few saricld eSt Pl's4 B. EJas LYt ilSetL'L1O e b mumground rent Th I Ro smroms, 1. ld ond- stre,T Auut*AY July 22, wAt for!sso ~tlrcitel,atsmal oica-m;rude 0LEC tI~ AflI&TIheISin warther c rol bytS. role,nthePciausothe iboP`se Pia. rliasge97ett J.lk29 faret. Wasrenulr Bttennetto Ms. bat t eadother eminentoartistsA. Sotheangrtavngsby Win.g Cidnedohr p1rincipaely artite croots,rinclude, a s edndd one of L ttt e AmBiin-- Hioode.b 3oino. afd-tret ruLndreer; thre VtaeFsia.nirute bVeryrarinden euravube Cfor teAioniat 10,ogr=ent an rafdpersngEn oglrainings, Iasal well-rselecteds hhramks of booe.int extell Sent connditoneacaital 6 formelatelgandpinooruAti,byTobion,F~ .iplih roeSod wtRcrSdreO.ldiUsand a. fe rterpectfullya-tegnouince propryof an h %artisote fa helon aiwe Therday irt and morning ofa 3 sl,and cnm_.atalItueacad at. the zos and ofer valu.able auc htioerestr anOvLuEr.IO43. Befor-vw an EGAIaNGtondraving..pi ,&,Mal ofwichS S rebdsnelOGGmed and MAclTde aume rospecimensby" Aleststrs.- Sismr Ieran Sons (wh aptei retirin Wooemttusiness)to. rI-caxtDl1'ucsa Juglyc Kaufand2, the vahole oftheir biltOCK oef =&eEE,EItY. manchIs of theuaisenat cizlass bothe mastrga ceubaltey vnlsar doegatL~gtaietyoo cr dsnpio fonaet,luladein spring,urelstic. band.andsnai' othehrceTs, ean arelled wt gurio eat taise. a oat wieap. Trlilat of od bresous -atones. aOn easticrer. hTid robichs lyatteaite tbriLeat Pandl emealdoos, Maseva chmnlion' breetsbe, enamellaed bIos vaioscoous eaochs(rcets. m elels. gs p stud rand wl).aistcoat priosi oldrn rto with sa ine, o n aPiationortysles of mourningd jeeler,patl et withdallrmlonds andpearl.adtheda nted iagtter tioeehrs. 23, Bsscl sbcy itya. i IIAea~-_ h Iiy- Plosetpoed ro-BMnthARL7th t WeIeeLLy IAli2-VAlTREble tosgirse-d holds. noea. Carndente-uareetand Ploeteof Freold Buldang land_q at gAgureyde. Itoe lt, ALL ESthat KidEM are inshtdnctd toSELLmon arketJC preJia1501 ahrto the logn,stuarteoorw Juy2ina 2 the fR=ho S.'ilollow-n.h liyofGderalceEstATES,n ine oeIght lono M Jamie bui; Leai7, zs 9.11,r trandt1, atnte a-srual ramen-tafearThe, prohuing acontain a li1r b3r' pannum, gluround rnents ï¿½drons.adlt eacwj agpeinjtEetss,d_Eantexteo ri2.c ltatfrd-place. esredry-orQuusu, fr at ï¿½12gerjonn.Asm, arouetndent malessati ï¿½71 Ternnum;gentsimda-eat ï¿½ os. Dgthe wlboM Leor,atoe i Sarelaheld lth forSieasuespird. iA leas ofFehl uingth respcieozaiusnd rnsam~lomea n thevcinity of th Bihop's balae of ntae 7forego 6 deraUees2a3 freet,d jO Particular t teMrt: -pl of Wesres.nAbott xand Wheatsleydst-3rite 7 22 . Geansothrnet, lndoniltongs, Chanery-he;i of tMe. G. iwematn.b Streatod-p3lae, Cated;en-dae ande fitof the a autiosoer,.3 Std. ret iasic-uae Veyrc XandJ bvadlrebtie Colco of 10.1100l to ancen Gwandr me-dcm.n n- gravnd s, Water Colour;1 trawigt Booaks of Prttu,ablter SREketchc MSAndEahind-tAuformled nyth calaedJohnaltinso FArq.d~ralylu ,R, -in-thour's ridseontedoM TSmeLLn byADOT lOb, -inthezo lare erooienat gethelisan2 Hotel.BOvton, o Thurday erandforidypubly t andtAugust T1. at 11 each day, thes sha Sery 6o exclulertandablee atnd Ws. oloal. Matnge lc Kanufm, and variouns other d,,Petise3i ped Englsh adfoeignarWits,a reat Herity fclurlcrerucb vies o ol bas i Lacthie aDz Cheshinre.Tim Bdbbinhs pflateftee the Passions serall hoo1s, taps, birtlutem llethe -STA, klloleaod aok o. Cataloge Fadm each (returnble- 4to purcaserst dtabne fro.mayh ihad cb, en daysb or tof the rile oinapplicationto by ttlest . adrscl.m 'Aic.en. 'Wisa1nljyt bokelr,B5 . nvemhedypecdnih FreeoldInn nd rernse'. siteat ie t ini e-trate-otrc'-t uthcrf'eityo -frih-hone, wiif out precLeeS, saded. a'nd" be d a alcltsor brunteesg ruds,riek-yard.so..wvttsE& acreg of Teaeyenpecioetiraljs beadiw and pature lnd, inSeat-rte macryio., Th*rsdnc,wt h firmhoue, nd artof thte maeadow lan& - is t to Mr.-C. P. Bekee and Mr. George Jains ku h zll lntsIlbndae h hley oftbe Property s-o1d reads'ly leSt at ï¿½4 je anm May be vis-wed (Sundays exceptedl) hyleaseot te t,,ems* fwo atelrna lleneliHeasivskad, St. Atr',ad~ite~aaa h fleo 31essrs.Smith and IG[rovr-alco, Hm, eoida;lrt:f J. T4 (Iro-er,xiEs, ;;olicir,P efd.oeatsray';udf IMr. Thiomas lavender,suvyrndstt Wafol efr- Books in OGenral 1"eao TheDn ale. -mnew BRemns the tose fFstaretotlscr ae Teorrmow,jry,s 2&andtre olwndys 2 nCtn wads se1ectionfromanothetr 1iogrlhsei ,~cy Rible,3Vo1,IL; mA ne'se1ssez, ok ao1Wsr,So Al~s- de Granada, -hAD -dl'-el. aiu-Ht,r o pla 3'nls;2 - Chencdliti -ziosrrueiSol,;Vg.Cinnnatcl ,OR Incas del rern eha4'T .apnad2ldTEgtot vole4.; 1 camted-aienln~ew.2 os,h.-I oreDpo llttbliotirique des .A.uteurs-z~rd8j~4 21? .vols,; SotsBb a- cola.; Eaoder'. Oratodsa- ois9Vls,Dred3ako ao 0Ioran Bioraphy and llfYibolog,.s yl Owen' Vebs y Cmer, 2 oj, kit' Bilra loedi -ols.': onbord tiara to -the Smirtora,, 5st7clL ; Penny =esoposdia aedhjsenut 2)-vols, Lan' Ar-abranRilght 3-VOLs geaI's Roa 3d5b
